Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x03 - Popping Cherry - Dexter 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x03 - Popping Cherry https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=187&t=11428 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/15/06 15:58 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x03 - Popping Cherry 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Dexter"... 
 What happened changed something inside you, Dex. 
 It got into you too early. 
 I'm afraid your urge to kill is only gonna get stronger. 
 I want to catch this guy before he kills another one of my girls. 
 What can I do to help? 
 No blood. What a beautiful idea. 
 Refrigerated truck. 
 He wants a cold environment to slow the flow of blood. 
 I suppose I should be upset, even feel violated, but I'm not. 
 In fact, I think this is a friendly message, kind of like, "hey, want to play?" Finding that truck is your golden ticket into Homicide. So Miami's the haystack, and the ice truck's the needle. I just found the f*cking needle. Oh, this is seriously f*cked up, my friends. I think he's trying to impress me... ...and it's working. The Captain believes you should be reassigned from Vice to Homicide. Thank you, sir. Rita is, in her own way, as damaged as me. Are you gonna kiss him? Actually, yes. We just got an I.D. on the body from under the causeway. His name is Ricky Simmons. He was a cop. They told me Ricky Simmons was under deep cover in Carlos Guerrero's family. Guerrero's crossing a whole new line. Now he's gone and pissed off the entire Miami police department. It's me. It's James, okay? It's okay. Was Kara sleeping with someone other than Ricky? Was it you? James, she died. Miami's full of good cops, a lot of them here today. But no offense-- I wouldn't want any of you hitting on my sister. Ricky was different. He was the kind of guy you hoped your sister would fall for. Most people have a hard time dealing with death, but I'm not most people. It's the grief that makes me uncomfortable. Not because I'm a killer-- Really. I just don't understand all that emotion, which makes it tough to fake. I'm sorry, man. Thanks, man. It's a f*cking travesty. You going after Guerrero? Guerrero ordered these hits. I'm gonna make something stick to that cartel cocksucker. I didn't know you and Ricky were so tight. Ain't about that. f*ck with a cop, you lose the privilege to walk the streets. I'm not right? You're right. ...tragic loss of our fellow officer. But we praise his courage. Ricky knew no fear. People believe Laguerta? She didn't even know Simmons. She knew he was a cop. Wait. Did you tell her? Proud of you for coming, bro. I know you hate funerals. How you holding up? I'm managing. No, I'm not. Keeping one's face pinched in sorrow for two hours straight is a real chore. A whole life reduced to ashes. For Ricky Simmons, it's over. But sometimes, you get a second chance. Florida prisons kick free 25,000 inmates a year. They don't do that for me, but it sure feels like it. I search for the ones who think they've beat the system. They're not hard to find, like Jeremy Downs. Jeremy got off easy: four years in a juvenile facility for manslaughter. To the coroner, the knife strokes looked random, impulsive, but I saw the work of a young virtuoso. Too many major arteries were severed-- Femoral, brachial, carotid. Today Jeremy is just another piece of trash on the street, but four years ago, he was the toast of Miami. It was a gruesome scene today-- The bloody body of a teenage boy found stabbed to death inside this south Miami park. Police haven't released the name of the victim yet, but our sources are telling us that investigators are holding a 15-year-old suspect in custody. We're hearing that the suspect lured the older boy to the pond to spot alligators, but once they were alone, the victim was robbed and repeatedly stabbed. But I knew what he was and what he'd do again. All I had to do was circle my calendar and wait. Lemonade for my sweaty workers? What do you say, crew? Anybody parched? What's parched? When we put in the new lemon tree, we'll be able to make our own fresh-squeezed lemonade. Can we have a lemonade stand? I'll apply for a business license first thing in the morning. Thank you for doing this, Dexter. You know, I moved here from Michigan with dreams of fruit trees in my yard. But they keep dying. I can't help it. I kill things. That must be awful. Fortunately, I have a green thumb. The key to happy citrus is a fertilizer. Bone meal works the best. Hey, Rita. Paul doesn't live here anymore. No sh1t. He's in jail. But... See, he still owes me for two ounces of blow, which means you owe me. Don't get involved. I never know in these situations. I don't have money. You got a car. You want my car? Yeah. The keys in it? You know my dad? I sure do, little man. And you want to know something? You look just like him. I'm gonna tell him you said hi, okay? Look, if you want, I could go in the house, throw your furniture around, make a real mess, but what kind of message would that send to the little ones? Just give me the f*cking car. Why don't you go inside and get the keys? I'll wait with our friend here. What? You think you can take me with your little red shovel? Everything okay in there? Yeah. You need toilet paper? No. The guy clearly had no idea who he was dealing with. I'll file a report at work. We'll get your car back. No... No reports, Dexter. Thank you, but... Paul's out of my life. I filed for divorce. I just want my past to go away. Well, it went away in your Rav 4. Whatever it takes. I can give you a ride to work until you get another car. Or I could take the bus like millions of other people. Come on, let's go outside and enjoy this beautiful day. Come on, kids. What did they use, an ax? It's blunt force. See the way the head's caved in? You guys check out the new hottie McGotass in dispatch yet? She's a butter face. What's a butter face? You know, compadre-- She's got a hot body, but her face... How great would it be to pull a bronco on her? Yeah. Yeah? Mira a quí. You do it doggy-style, right? And just when she's getting into it, you grab her by the hips and you yell another woman's name, and bam-- you're riding her like a bronco 'cause she's trying to buck you off. Many times in life, I feel like I'm missing some essential piece of the human puzzle. This is one of them. What are you doing? Oh, the bronco. See, socia? She knows. I just got my first official Homicide call. He's back. Who's back? The ice-truck killer? That's right. You won't believe where he left the body. I knew he'd be back. Feels like Christmas morning. Look at that-- A miracle on ice. Stunning. You all right, Dexter? This is like a dream. Standing on the home ice of the Miami Blades. I never pegged you for a hockey fan. There's something about standing in a big cool hole I find very relaxing. So, what do we know? Same as the others. No blood. So far, I don't see any hesitation cuts. No bones flayed. I think our boy's got his confidence back. He never lost it. He was just getting bored. What do you think he's trying to tell us? That hockey's a violent sport. What else? He's escalating the thrill. Posing his victim in the middle of a 20,000-seat arena for all Miami to see, to show them-- to show us-- what he's capable of doing. What did I miss? Relax. You didn't miss anything. Yeah, but she is-- fingertips. This body belongs to the frozen fingertips we found in the truck. Sherry Taylor. It's another prostitute. No blood-- no need for me. Morgan, come up to the command center. We may have a suspect. Is there really a suspect? I'll let you know, bro, when I get back from my first official Homicide investiga-- I know her. Sherry? Yeah, she called herself Cherry. We worked the same corner when I was undercover. You were, like, friends? Yes. Do you want a hug? f*ck off. I tore apart the security office. A surveillance tape is missing. Let me guess-- The one covering the ice. They said you were good. Don't bust my balls. I've got the press knocking on the door outside. Somebody who was here last night saw something-- Rent-a-badge, cleaning crew, crack whore in the men's room? Come on, work with me. They got a night watchman, but we can't find him. Well, then, he's a suspect. Unless the ice-truck killer abducted him to gain entry into the arena. Did your brother help you out with that logic? The night watchman could've just been at the wrong place at the wrong time. We need to get to his apartment to see what we can find. Actually, I was hoping I could hit Calle Ocho, talk to my old contacts. I thought you wanted to get out of Vice. Isn't that what you cried to the Captain last week? Yeah, I mean... I didn't cry. Listen, my girls know this victim, okay? They may have information that could help us. No, I want you to work with Doakes. Maria, she has contacts. You still got your tube top? And my nipple clamps. Don't come back without any information. Everyone moves to Miami to die, which means we have more junk than any city in America. A skilled bargain hunter can find real treasure here, but that's not my idea of hunting. I prefer a stalk-and-ambush approach. My instincts are impeccable, but I have to be sure of my prey. We're all adrenaline rush, you know? Kill it til it dies. We all meat hunters, just out looking for dinner. What you looking for? Can I see that one? Eh, good eye. It's a fixed-blade skinning knife. Full tang, stainless steel. Real time-saver for the hunter who likes to... ...do his own butchering in the field. See the way that blade curves like that? It's like the talon of an eagle. 15 bucks and she's yours. I'll take it. Hell, yeah, you'll take it. Why would you not? I'll get your change. Easy, kid. What the f*ck are you doing, boy? I didn't see him. You all right, mister? Yeah, I'm fine. Honest mistake. No harm. Hey. You be careful with that thing, huh? Sorry about that, boss. I only sell them. So, what you hunt-- trophies or meat? What do you think today, Dex? The Winchester? What about the 9mm? A handgun? Not exactly the weapon of choice for pheasants. You need a wide spread to bring them down. Did you ever shoot anybody, dad? Afraid so. Any of them die? Just one. How'd it feel... to kill a guy? Not so great, Dex. When you take a man's life, you're not just killing them. You're snuffing out all the things he'll ever become. As a cop, I only fire my weapon to save a life. That's a code I live by. Killing must serve a purpose. Otherwise, it's just plain murder. You understand? Yeah. Changed my mind. I think we'll take the Ruger. Rifle? I thought that shotguns were best for pheasants. We're not gonna hunt pheasants. It's a big one. Yeah. This deer will put meat on our table tonight. It's still alive. For now, this hunt will control the urges you feel. Channel them. Why don't you go ahead, son? Really? Put the poor animal out of its misery. Hi, Rose. Hi. Congratulations on your confirmation. Thank you. Do I know you? My name's James Doakes. Miami metro P.D. I'm investigating the murder of an undercover cop and his wife. That's terrible. Were they members of the church? No, Rose, they weren't. I don't understand. Rose, have you ever seen this man before? I don't know. Why are you asking me? Get away from my daughter. It's okay. At my church? In front of my family? Ricky and Kara had a family, too. You just opened a dangerous door. No, man, you did... When you murdered a cop and an innocent lady. What is he talking about, daddy? Come on, honey. Let's go. Daddy. Let's go! You don't play by the rules, Guerrero. Why should I? You've got five minutes, Bizach, okay? Yo, look who's back. Pero mirela, como está caliente! Who'd you fuck-- Dolce or Gabbana? I let them both pull a train, okay? Listen, I... I got a confession to make. I'm... I'm not who you think I am. I'm a cop. Bridgett, get back-- Bridgett! I'm not gonna bust-- You're not a cop. You're a whore. I'm not a f*cking whore. f*cking who? What's wrong with being a f*cking whore, huh? We trusted you, Brandy. My name's Debra, okay? And I'm not here to bust you. 
 
 He hit again-- The ice-truck killer. He got Cherry. Cherry? sh1t. This sh1t's crazy. I'm out. I got a sister who lives in Ohio, runs a fashion-boutique store. I'm on the bus tomorrow. I ain't closing my shop for no sick, psycho bitch. f*cking woman-hater. I was on the street before him. f*ck it. I can get him, you guys. You just got to give me something. Did any of you all see Cherry with anyone the night before last? Well, I saw her last night, and then she got into a car and never came back. But I was working all night, so... You know the driver? No, but the car was, like, one of those old station wagons that have, like, wood panels on the side. This is good. This is good. This is a lead. I should go get Laguerta to listen. Who's Laguerta? She's my lieutenant. She hates me. But I'm close with the Captain. I'll talk to him. What? Never piss off your pimp. Laguerta's not my pimp. Is that right? Bitch tell you what to do? Is your pussy taking all the grief? Does she steal everything you earn? Yeah, she definitely does that. Then she's your pimp, baby, and she will mess you up if you play her. I told you-- I'm not a f*cking whore. What's wrong with being a f*cking whore? Hey. Bought you a present to celebrate your first official homicide case. Seriously? It's a cactus. You only have to water it three times a year. Gee, Dex, you didn't have to go out of your way. I didn't. I was at the swap meet. So, any news on our frosty friend? One of my contacts said she saw Cherry getting in a wood-panel station wagon the night she died. Did you check the DMV database? As we speak. There are thousands of registered station-wagon owners in Miami-Dade county, but guess who's not on the list? The night watchman. I knew Laguerta had her head up her ass on that one. She doesn't have sh1t on the real ice-truck killer. Good. Why good? It's good for you. You're gonna be the one to apprehend that heinous murderer, not her. Thanks. All right. Good night, sister. Don't stay up too late. Okay. Thanks for stopping by. Hello? Hi. Are you-- Is this a bad time? It's Rita. No, it's fine. Hi. I was just...reading a sad story. Is everything okay? Yes, I'm-- Look, the thing is... You need me to pick up Cody after school? No. Colleen's gonna take him to karate with Hudson. What about Astor's piano? Jen's got that covered. Look, it's social services. There's a caseworker coming by the house this afternoon. I should be home by 4:00, but with the buses... I'll be there. Don't worry about a thing. Thank you, Dexter. As you all know, a night watchman from the hockey arena is missing. Till now, we presumed he was abducted or murdered by the ice-truck killer. However, we searched his apartment and found a stolen surveillance tape from the night of the murder. Chief of security at the hockey arena confirmed it. The man you're looking at is Tony Tucci, the missing night watchman. And here's the best part-- Tucci has a record. He pulled a knife at a party in '97. Ladies and gentlemen, I give you Tony Tucci, the ice-truck killer. Bullshit. Captain Matthews is coordinating with the FDLE* to launch (*Florida Department of Law Enforcement) a statewide manhunt as soon as we get clearances. Does he drive a station wagon? Excuse me? Tucci-- What kind of car does he drive? The last-known victim was seen getting in a station wagon. I don't recall asking for any questions, Miss Morgan. Thank you. Now, from this moment on, all our resources go to finding this man. Your individual assignments will be coming shortly. That's all for now. Doesn't make sense. After being so careful for so long, why would he leave recorded evidence? Of course I agree with my sister, but unlike her, I'm not upset. He's still out there, and I'm waiting... breathless. You sure we can't get you anything? I'm fine. Rita's usually home in time for the kids. I'm just backup. Her bus must be late. My file says Miss Bennett's supposed to have personal transportation. Yeah, well, she did and will again very soon. Probably next week. Nothing to worry about. I just have to make a note of it. She's doing an exemplary job. I wish all my home visits were this lovely. So why do you keep coming around, then? Routine follow-up for all domestic-violence cases. We need to ensure a stable home environment exists. It's a good thing. The system does work from time to time. I was actually taken in by a wonderful family. No abuse. In fact, my foster father understood I had special needs. Without him... You're lucky. Lucky. I'm here! Hey, everyone, I'm here. Sorry. It's okay. I am lucky. What do I know about abuse? Without the code of Harry, I'm sure I would've committed a senseless murder in my youth just to watch the blood flow. Just try and keep him comfortable. It's about all we can do for him now. I don't understand. A week ago, the doctor said he was getting better. He is getting better, sweetie. A body cannot suffer in sweet repose. What does that mean? What the hell does that mean? She's weird. Listen, you two... I'm not going to be around much longer. Dad, don't say that. You can make it through this if you fight. When I'm gone, I won't be able to stop you from being who you are. Sooner or later, you'll need to do it. Do what? Just remember our lessons. What lessons? What are you talking about? I can't make it without you. Yes, you can. If you feel like you're slipping... ...lean on your sister. She'll keep you connected. f*cking forensics report. What'd they find? Tucci's hair and fiber. Of course Tucci's hair and fibers are on the body. He's hauling her around with his pork hands, isn't he? Any word from the chem lab? Same as the other murders. The killer used liquid nitrogen to preserve the tissue, give it that bleached look. You know how unstable liquid nitrogen is? You'd have to be a lab rat just to mess around with that sh1t. Tucci didn't even pass high school chemistry. Watch carefully. Right there-- see? Right before he repositioned the torso. He turned his head. Like someone's giving him directions. Someone like the ice-truck killer olding a motherfucking gun to his back. The killer's framing Tucci. It looks that way. Laguerta's gonna lose her sheep sh1t when she finds out. She's gonna have to cancel her press conference. And you know how Laguerta loves her press conferences. Can I borrow this tape? Bingo. I know what happens next in this gruesome little scenario. Jeremy is trying to re-create his first kill, ritualize it. You ready? I don't know if I want to do this, man. What's wrong? I thought you wanted to see an alligator. I do. Come on. It's in the marsh up here. Wait. Are you a pussy? No. Okay. Where is this place, man? It's right up here. Come on, Jer. What are you talking about? Don't be a bitch. Here we are. I don't see it. It's right there. See its eyes sticking out? You have to get closer. I still don't see it. Really? Maybe I was wrong. There's no gator here, is there? I don't know, Lucas. Is there? Anyone see a frisbee? It flew in here somewhere. sh1t! Let's get the f*ck out of here. What am I doing out here? Oh, f*ck! f*ck! f*ck! All I had to do was drive home, have a taco, plan my attack. Instead, I tried to act human, like it's my job to save lives. Code of Harry never covered this. At least I know where Jeremy is and what I need to do. Don't let her. Okay, my brave little soldier. Let's get this nasty shot out of the way. No! Wait! What is it, honey? He doesn't want the shot. Your father's very sick. He's in a lot of pain. He needs a shot. I want pain. He wants pain. I'll have to tell the doctor. He's not going to be happy you're refusing your medication. You can tell. About the nurse? Yeah. She's... ...like me. How could you tell? She gives too much... morphine. It's something else. It's making me worse. She's drugging you. She's killing you by overdose. Not just me. Others, too. Stop her. What do you mean, stop her? It's time. Before she hurts anyone else. See the look on his face, like he's scared? Like he has a gun pointed at him? I don't know, Debra. It's not much-- a look off-camera. There's more. One of my Vice contacts, Gabrielle-- I trust her-- she saw the victim get into a wood-paneled wagon the night of the victim's death. That was the last time anyone saw her. Did a background report on Tucci. He doesn't even own a car. There's no f*cking way this guy can be the ice-truck killer. Sir. What does lieutenant Laguerta say about all this? I came straight to you, Captain. You went around the back of your commanding officer? Laguerta doesn't listen to me. Every time I open my mouth,... You don't violate the chain of command. You just don't. Now, listen, Debra. I gave you a shot in Homicide because I think you can make a halfway-decent detective. But if I find you can't swim in these waters, I'll put you right back on the street. You got it? Yes, sir. Your father never would've pulled the kind of sh1t you just did. Did you know that one of your officers has information that casts some doubt on this manhunt of yours? Who, Morgan? I realize you're something of a folk hero around here, Maria, but it would be a mistake to ignore the work of a promising officer just to further your political career. Is that what you think I'm doing? You were a middle-of-the-pack detective before the press got ahold of you. Thanks for the vote of confidence. It's a reality check, and you need it. And I got it. Let's cut to the chase. Are you telling me to call off my manhunt? 'Cause I will remind you that Jeb Bush himself signed off on it. No... No. You go ahead and hold your press conference, Maria. People of this city need to know we're doing something about this mess. But don't expect me to bail you out if that night watchman turns out to be a dead end. A statewide manhunt is under way right now in Florida. According to police, a night watchman is on the run after the dismembered body parts of a young South Beach woman were found Tuesday, stacked on the home ice of the Miami Blades. The woman is believed to be the latest victim of the notorious ice-truck killer, now responsible for five deaths in the greater Miami area. These terrible attacks have to stop. And we have to stop them. With Tony Tucci now linked to the murders, it's our mission to find him. f*cking joke. Hey, going out tonight with the guys, blow off a little steam-- you in? Hey, man, sounds good. Pick you up at 8:00. Elevator's around the corner and to your left. Enjoy your stay with us. Hello? Rita, this is Mr. Curtis. Are you coming to pick up Astor? Oh, no, a friend of mine is-- Denise. Is she not there? I'm afraid not, but your daughter is. She's the last kid left here at school. I don't have a car. Is she okay? Yeah, she's just fine, but we can't keep her here much longer. Okay. Okay, I'll work something out. Do it again! Shh. Let's not wake up Cody. Now, let's see about that splinter. That's a deep one. This might sting a bit. But the magical Splinter Fairy will soon make you forget all about it. Who's the magical Splinter Fairy? She's the second cousin to the Tooth Fairy. She brings candy if you put your splinter under your pillow at night. The Tooth Fairy is make-believe, just like the boogeyman. Hi, guys. You're right, Astor. There's no such thing as the boogeyman. But the Splinter Fairy-- she's the real deal. Will the Splinter Fairy come if I cry? Thanks for picking her up. If I had a heart, it might be breaking right now. Oh, sorry. Who we picking up now, man? 'Cause he sure ain't sitting on my lap. We're not picking up anybody, bro. Well, what we doing in the Gables? I told you. We're blowing off some steam. This is it. What the hell is this? It's a disguise. One of Guerrero's top lieutenants-- he lives here, and we're gonna f*ck him up. Hold up, Mac. I thought you said you wanted to go out and get shit-faced, man. I am shit-faced. How do I look? Man, I'm all for sending the message, but this-- This ain't the way, man. Why the hell not? The guy's scum. Mac, listen. I've got to talk to you. Mac, Mac! Hey, listen up, man. I showed my face to Guerrero. They gonna think I'm behind this sh1t! That's part of the plan. What plan? You f*cked my sister. You f*cked a cop's wife. Now you're just f*cked, buddy. Open the door! sh1t. f*ck. Hey, quit f*cking around. Turn on the lights. Come on, man. Turn on the f*cking lights! You're mine now. What do you want? Silence. You gonna f*ck me, faggot? 'Cause I killed the last guy who raped me. What guy? He raped you... The guy you killed when you were 15? Why didn't you tell anybody? Would you? He f*cked me, and I killed him, and if you try, I'll kill you, too. I understand now. Why didn't I see it before? Jeremy didn't murder that boy four years ago. He was taking out the garbage. Just like I do. Look, I really don't want to cancel all my credit cards, and I hate waiting in line at the DMV, so give me back the wallet you stole from my car, or I'll break your f*cking neck. It's in my backpack. Wait-- Is that all? You want more? That boy who raped you four years ago-- Did he deserve to die? Yeah. He did. Well, the boy the other day didn't. Remember that. It could save your life one day. Mr. Tinker? Mr. Tinker, where are you? Mr. Tinker? Are you trapped behind the couch again, Mr. Tinker-stinker? The nurse was my first playmate. I'll always be grateful to her for opening up so many magnificent new doors for me. Things were a little messy in the beginning. Hey, perfecting a new craft takes time. But I was trained well. Those who witnessed my early stumbles never had a chance to tell. I've just been looking through your photo album. Hope you don't mind. Are all your victims in here? I'm sorry. Let me help you with that. Scream and lose a tongue. I helped them... All of them. I took their pain away. I understand. Now it's time to take away your pain. It was messier than I anticipated, but it was still a special day. But, of course, it was really Harry who paved the road to my salvation. With the nurse put down, Harry lived another year before hardening arteries squeezed the last bit of life from him, but his lessons have never failed me. Harry taught me that death isn't the end. It's the beginning of a chain reaction that will catch you if you're not careful. He taught me that none of us are who we appear to be on the outside... ...but we must maintain appearances to survive. But there was something Harry didn't teach me, something he didn't know, couldn't possibly know. The willful taking of life represents the ultimate disconnect from humanity. It leaves you an outsider, forever looking in, searching for company to keep. Sweet ride! Is it yours? It's yours, until your mom can get a new one. I borrowed it from impound right before auction. Dexter... Can we get in? You better. All you can do is play along at life and hope that sometimes you get it right. Thank you. Score one for the little wooden boy. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 