Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x01 - Episode One - Downton Abbey 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x01 - Episode One https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=151&t=9185 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/02/11 01:49 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x01 - Episode One 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [A gunshot rings out. We close in on two soldiers lying in a battlefield covered in dirt. One is severely wounded, the other turns his head, revealing Matthew Crawley.] 
 The Somme, 1916 
 [Matthew sees to his wounded comrade. Cut to soldiers running through the field, some carrying the wounded on stretchers, bombs exploding around them. Matthew carries the wounded soldier to relative safety in the trenches.] 
 Matthew Crawley : Sergeant Stevens! 
 Sergeant Stevens : Sir! 
 Matthew Crawley : I want every wounded man taken down the line before it starts to get dark. We've bloody well lost enough of them for one day. 
 [Matthew enters his bunker where he opens a message. His man servant carries in a pitcher and cloth.] 
 Matthew Crawley : When did this arrive? 
 Davis : (indistinct) sir. 
 [The bunker continually shakes and pours dirt from the ceiling.] 
 Matthew Crawley : Ah, good news. We'll be relieved today by the [Devons?]. The men can finally get some rest, and I've got a few days' leave coming to me. 
 Davis : What'll you do with them, sir? 
 Matthew Crawley : London first to remind myself what real food tastes like. Then north for a couple of days, I suppose. Naturally there's a girl I want to see when I'm there. 
 Davis : So I should hope, sir. Strange, i'n't it? Think of our old lives just going on as before while we're here in this. 
 Matthew Crawley : More than strange. When I think of my life at Downton, it seems like another world. 
 [OPENING TITLES] 
 
[INT. DOWNTON ABBEY - MORNING] 
[A servant opens the windows in the library. Other servants bustle about the rooms preparing for a benefit. Anna leads the new house maid through the rooms.] Anna : We normally have everything done before the family wakes up, but it's all at six and sevens today. I'll go through it tomorrow when we're back to normal. Ethel : I do know how to run a house. [Mr Carson gestures for some workers to move a piece of furniture.] Mr Carson : Come along. Robert, Earl of Grantham : It goes under the epaulette. [William undoes the shoulder belt and restrings it through the epaulette.] William : I'm sorry, my lord. If I'd known, I'd have asked Mr Bates about it before he left for London. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Because I'll be in uniform a lot of the time in future. William : Does being Lord Lieutenant mean you're back in the army? Robert, Earl of Grantham : Not exactly. The Lord Lieut is responsible for the army in the county while the war is on. But no, I'm not back in the army. It appears they don't want me. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Morning. I don't suppose there's any news of Bates? Mr Carson : We expect him back any day, my lord. He wrote to Anna that they had the funeral last Monday. Robert, Earl of Grantham : William's a good chap, but he's not Bates when it comes to uniforms. I may not be a real soldier, but I think I ought to look like one. Mr Carson : Quite, my lord. Robert, Earl of Grantham : We don't often see you in here for breakfast. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Isobel said she was coming up to help and your mother threatened to look in. No doubt they would love it if they found me still in bed. [Sybil and Robert open their post.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : I don't believe it. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Please say it's something nice. Robert, Earl of Grantham : General Robertson's invited me to be Colonel of the North Riding Volunteers. Well, this is the best bit. It may please you to know that the idea was given to me by General Hague. Well, if Hague's involved, it means I'm back in the army properly. Cora, Countess of Grantham : How can that be? You were told you weren't wanted for active service. You can't jump in the army like a jack-in-the-box. [Sybil is obviously very upset by her post.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : I don't see why not. Churchill went back to the front after the Gilly business. If he can do it, why shouldn't I? Sybil, are you all right? Cora, Countess of Grantham : Sybil, darling. Lady Sybil : Will you excuse me? I think I'll just... [Sybil takes her post and leaves. Mr Carson opens the door for her.] Cora, Countess of Grantham : She's had more bad news. Lady Edith : I do think I'm getting better, don't you? Branson : Up to a point, my lady. If you could just get the clutch right down to the floor. Lady Edith : But I am. Branson : Not quite, my lady. Lady Edith : It doesn't seem to want to go. Branson : I think it wants to if you ask it properly. That's better. You'll be putting me out of a job. Lady Edith : Won't the call up put you all out of your jobs? Branson : I'll cross that bridge when I come to it. William : What are you giving them to eat? Mrs Patmore : Not much. They know the money's for the hospital, so they can't expect Belshazzar's feast. Daisy : I'll make some cheese straws. What's the matter with you? William : Nothing much. My dad still won't let me enlist. Mrs Patmore : Your father has no one but you, of course he doesn't want you to enlist. Who can argue with him? William : So I stand by while the lads on the farms and in the gardens go to war? Even Thomas is on the front in the medical corps. Mrs Patmore : Ha! That'll come as a nasty shock. William : Oh, you can make fun of him, Mrs Patmore, but he's fighting for his king and country and I'm not. Mrs Patmore : Well, I daresay you won't have long to wait. William : Well, I hope you're right. Mrs Patmore : Do you? Because I don't. I hope very much that I am wrong. Isobel Crawley : It's kind of you to let us have it here. They'll enjoy it so much more. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : And you can charge so much more for the tickets. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Good morning, Mama. This is very early for you to be up and about. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : War makes early risers of us all. I thought I would help with the flowers. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Basset has plenty, but...thank you. [Cora exits.] Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : You don't mind my taking over the flowers, do you? Cora's flower always look more suited to a first communion in southern Italy. Well, what else have you planned for tonight's raffles? Robert, Earl of Grantham : Anything we can think of that will raise money. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Hot buttered toast with a countess, a tuppence a slice? Anna : You drop the cushions on the floor to plump them up. Ethel : I know. Mrs Hughes : Ethel, are you settling in? [Ethel drops a pillow on the floor.] Ethel : I would be if Anna would stop teaching me how to suck eggs. I was Head Housemaid in my last position. Mrs Hughes : You were Senior Housemaid out of two in a much smaller house. Anna : Are they to be coming here tonight? Mrs Hughes : Only at the interval, and keep them out of the drawing room. I thought Mr Bates would've been back by now, or he could've stood guard. [Mrs Hughes and Anna smile.] Ethel : Who is this Mr Bates? Anna : He's Lordship's Valet. He's been in London because his mother died. Ethel : Well, everyone talks about him as if he were king. Anna : Do they? That's nice to hear. [Violet enters.] Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Anna. [Anna curtsies.] Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Help me do battle with this...monstrosity. [Violet stares at the hideous flower arrangement on the table.] Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Looks like a creature from the Lost World. [Violet starts pulling out flowers.] Mrs Hughes : You should let William do that. Mr Carson : He's got enough on his hands getting the uniforms out of mothballs. Agh, I must remember to put Anna on alert for dinner tonight. Mrs Hughes : You have to ease up a bit or you'll give yourself a heart attack. There's a war on. Things cannot be the same when there's a war on. Mr Carson : I do not agree. Keeping up standards is the only way to show the Germans that they will not beat us in the end. Mrs Hughes : Well, give me some warning the next time we're expecting Germans at Downton, I'll see what I can do. [INT. LIBRARY - MORNING] 
[Anna collects the flowers Violet removed and takes them away as Cora, Isobel, and Robert enter.] Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Thank you. Isobel Crawley : Well, we thought we'd come in here for a little talk. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Oh. Well, I'm sure we won't be disturbed. [Robert rolls his eyes, then motions Isobel to the couch.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : Please. [Isobel sits.] Isobel Crawley : Well, the thing is...I've had a letter from Matthew. Of course he doesn't tell me what he's actually doing. Robert, Earl of Grantham : No, he wouldn't. But I'm glad he's all right. I miss him. Isobel Crawley : Well, that's the point. You must know he's been down here a few times since the war started. Cora, Countess of Grantham : We had heard. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Downton is hardly a metropolis. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Is he still determined to go back to Manchester when it's all over? Isobel Crawley : He doesn't talk much about life after the war, none of them do. I suppose they don't want to tempt fate. Until now, that is. He writes that he's engaged to be married to a Miss Lavinia Swire. [They are rather upset by this news. Cora sits down.] Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Well, I-- I suppose we all knew it would happen one day. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Do you know her? Isobel Crawley : Not yet. Apparently they met when he was in England last time. It all seems rather hurried. Robert, Earl of Grantham : You can't blame them for wanting to live in the present. [Robert turns around, trying to process this latest blow.] Isobel Crawley : Anyway, he's been in London on leave, and now he's bringing her here to meet me. He'll be here tonight and tomorrow, then he leaves on Thursday while she stays for a bit. Cora, Countess of Grantham : So, will you miss the concert? Isobel Crawley : Well, that's up to you. We'd all hoped that he and Mary would sort things out between them, but if that's not to be, then shouldn't we try to get back to normal? Even if he's not keen to live in the village. He's still the heir. And you're still his family. Robert, Earl of Grantham : I quite agree. We can't know if Matthew will come through it. Either way, I would like to see him, and I want to wish him luck. [Isobel smiles.] Cora, Countess of Grantham : The trouble is Mary's back from London today as well. She gets in at five o'clock. Isobel Crawley : Matthew's driving in Lavinia's car. They won't meet on the train. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Oh, that's a relief. I hate Greek drama. You know, when everything happens off stage. [Isobel narrows her eyes at Violet.] Cora, Countess of Grantham : But shall we tell her not to come? We might still catch her. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Isobel's right. We must use this engagement as a new beginning. You bring our Lieutenant Crawley to the concert and stay for dinner afterwards. Isobel Crawley : I was hoping you'd say that. [Isobel smiles.] Isobel Crawley : Oh, there you are, I'm just going home, but I'll be back at four-- [Sybil walks by without looking at her.] Isobel Crawley : Sybil, my dear, what's the matter? Lady Sybil : Tom Belasis has been killed. Isobel Crawley : What a terrible thing. Lady Sybil : I remember him at Imogen's ball. He made me laugh out loud just as her uncle was giving a speech. Sometimes it feels as if all the men I ever danced with are dead. [Isobel gives Sybil a comforting kiss.] Lady Sybil : I just feel so useless. Wasting my life while they sacrifice theirs. Isobel Crawley : You've been a tremendous help with the concert. Lady Sybil : No, I d-- I don't mean selling programs or finding prizes for the Tombola, I want to do a real job. Real work. [O'Brien is listening in.] Isobel Crawley : Well, if you are serious, what about an auxiliary nurse? There's a training college in York. I know I could get you onto a course. It may be something of a rough awakening. Are you ready for that? I mean, have you ever made your own bed, for example, or scrubbed a floor. [Isobel sees O'Brien eaves dropping.] Isobel Crawley : O'Brien, what is it? O'Brien : Mr Platte is taking Her Ladyship and Lady Grantham down to the village, she wondered if you'd like to go with them. Isobel Crawley : That's very kind. Thank you. [O'Brien leaves.] Lady Sybil : Go on. What else would I need? Isobel Crawley : Well, if you're serious, what about cooking? Why don't you ask Mrs Patmore if she could give you one or two basic tips. [Sybil nods and starts to smile.] Isobel Crawley : When you get to York, it might be useful to know a little more than nothing. [Isobel smiles and strokes Sybil's chin affectionately. Sybil smiles back.] O'Brien : They want to use her as a maid of all work at the hospital. I suppose it's cheaper when Lady Sybil can live here for nothing, but it doesn't seem quite right somehow to take advantage. Cora, Countess of Grantham : No, it does not. O'Brien : I hear the young men that are being brought in now are very disfigured. Cora, Countess of Grantham : How terrible. O'Brien : Limbs missing and faces blown apart. And Lady Sybil's been nurtured so very gently. And what types would she be working with? [Cora looks more and more concerned.] O'Brien : Still, you'll know what's best to do. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Yes. I certainly will. [Lady Grantham exits with her gloves and hat.] Mrs Patmore : Where's the butter for the pancakes? Daisy : It's in the cold larder. Ethel : Are we having pancakes tonight? O'Brien : No we [?] is like. Mrs Patmore : Upstairs dinner Crepe Suzette. ETHEL (gasp) 
I've always wanted to try those. Could you save me some? If they don't finish them all. Mrs Patmore : Er, save you some Crepe Suzette? [Branson regards Mrs Patmore. Anna smiles at the strange request.] Ethel : If you don't mind. [Ethel files her nails.] Ethel : What are we having? Mrs Patmore : Lamb stew and semolina. Ethel : Do you eat a lot of stews? Mrs Patmore : Don't you fancy that, dear? Ethel : Not all the time. Mrs Patmore : Oh, I see. And would you like to sleep in Her Ladyship's bedroom while you're at it? [Ethel looks up.] Ethel : Wouldn't mind. I hate sharing a room. I didn't in my last place. Anna : There were only two maids and a cook. Ethel : Well, I'm just saying. Mrs Patmore : And I'll just say, if you don't look out. [Ethel smiles in amusement as Mrs Patmore leaves.] O'Brien : You've got a cheek on your first day. Ethel : I don't see why. I want the best and I'm not ashamed to admit it. O'Brien : And you think we don't? Ethel : I think it's hard to change at your age. I don't blame you. But I suppose, in the end, I want to be more than just a servant. Cora, Countess of Grantham : I'm sorry, but if Dr Clarkson needs free labour, I'd prefer him not to find it in my nursery. Isobel Crawley : But Sybil isn't in the nursery. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : No, and in case you haven't noticed, she hasn't been there for some time. Cora, Countess of Grantham : You know what I mean. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Well, no, not really. You can't pretend it's not respectable when every day we're treated to pictures of queens and princesses in Red Cross uniform, ladling soup down the throat of some unfortunate. Cora, Countess of Grantham : But Sybil won't be ladling soup. She'll have to witness unimaginable horrors, and she's an innocent. Isobel Crawley : Her innocence will protect her. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : For once I agree with Cousin Isobel. Sybil must be allowed to do her bit like everyone else. [Mr Molesley opens the carriage for Isobel and hands her out in front of her house.] Cora, Countess of Grantham : What about you, Molesley? Are you ready for the call if it comes? Mr Molesley : It won't be coming for me, milady. I had a letter from the war office. They say I'm not suitable for service. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Why not? [Molesley looks uncomfortable.] Mr Molesley : I really couldn't say, milady. Isobel Crawley : As you can imagine, Molesley's father is beside himself with joy. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : God moves in a mysterious way, his wonders to perform. [Violet nods to Molesley and closes the carriage.] Lady Mary : Bates! [Bates touches his hat to her.] Lady Mary : No one told me you were on this train. Mr Bates : They didn't know, milady. Lady Mary : We'll give you a lift to the house. Anna : Why didn't you say you were coming? Mr Bates : I didn't know till today. [Branson hands Mary out of the car.] Lady Mary : Anna, I borrowed a case from Lady Rosamund. I bought some things while I was in London. Anna : Very good, milady. Lady Sybil : Well, it would be our secret. A surprise. You don't mind, do you? Mrs Patmore  (flustered): Oh, it's not that I mind, milady. Lady Sybil : And I only need the basics. How to boil an egg. How to make tea. Mrs Patmore : Don't you know how to make tea? Lady Sybil : Not really. [The servant girls giggle.] Lady Sybil : You're right. It is a joke. But when I start my course, I don't want to be a joke. Will you help me? Daisy : Of course we will, won't we? Mrs Patmore : If you say so. Let's get started. Mrs Patmore : Do you know how to fill a kettle? Lady Sybil : Everyone knows that. [Sybil takes the kettle from Mrs Patmore and goes to the tap. She opens the valve and water sprays all over. The servants laugh.] Mrs Patmore : Not everyone, apparently. Mr Bates : When can I talk to you? Anna : After the concert. Outside in the courtyard. There's bound to be a gap before they start dinner. [Daisy clears the kitchen table.] Daisy : Are you going up for the concert? William : Maybe. Can I sit with you? Daisy : Don't be daft. We've got dinner to make. I've not got time for concerts. William : I've had a letter from my dad. He won't change his mind. He says he can live with it if I get called up, as there's nothing we can do, but if I enlist and anything happens, he'll never get over it. Daisy : He loves you. William : He may love me, but he doesn't own me. He's not being fair. [William exits frustrated.] Lady Sybil : Glad to be back? Lady Mary : I'm never sure. When I'm in London, I long for Yorkshire, and when I'm here, I ache to hear my heels clicking on the pavement. I'd forgotten about this nightmare concert. Why didn't you warn me? I'd have come back tomorrow. Lady Edith  (gloats): But you'd have missed Matthew. [Mary pauses in surprise.] Cora, Countess of Grantham : I was going to tell you. Matthew's on leave and he's in the village, so Papa and I thought it would be a good time to mend our fences. He's coming tonight with Isobel. Lady Edith  (still gloating): And his fiancé. Lady Mary : What? Cora, Countess of Grantham : Edith. I don't know how helpful you're being. Lady Sybil : Matthew's engaged. He's brought her to Downton to meet his mother. [Mary listens in continued surprise.] Lady Mary : Well, how marvellous. Lady Sybil : You don't mind? Lady Mary : Why should I? We're not going to marry, but I don't want him to spend the rest of his life in a cave. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Exactly what Papa and I feel. Please try to be happy for him. Lady Mary : Of course I'm happy! Good luck to him. [Edith smirks at Mary's brave face.] Lady Mary : Anyway, there's someone I want you all to meet. Have you ever come across Richard Carlisle? Lady Edith : Sir Richard Carlisle? The one with all those horrid newspapers? Lady Mary : We met at Clifton. Lady Edith : (scoffs) But how old is he? Lady Mary : Old enough not to ask stupid questions. Anyway, I can't wait for you to know him. If only Papa hadn't closed down the shoot. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Most people have stopped shooting now that the war's on. But I'm sure Papa will be happy to have Sir Richard come and stay. [Cora and Sybil rise to leave.] Lady Edith : Are you? I shouldn't have thought he was Papa's type at all. Cora, Countess of Grantham : You coming? Lady Mary : I'll be down in a minute. [The family leaves and Anna turns to Mary.] Anna : Are you all right, milady? Lady Mary : Oh, Anna. [Mary breaks down crying. Anna puts a comforting hand on her shoulder.] Lavinia : It's awfully grand. Matthew Crawley : You'd better get used to it. It will be your home one day. Lavinia : I'm not sure "home" would ever be quite the word to describe it. [Robert approaches and shakes hands with Matthew.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : My dear fellow, welcome back. It's so very good to see you. Matthew Crawley : May I present Miss Lavinia Swire. Lavinia : How do you do, Lord Grantham. Robert, Earl of Grantham : How do you do, Miss Swire. [Sybil and Edith check out the fiancé and exchange a look.] Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : So, that's Mary's replacement. Well, I suppose looks aren't everything. Cora, Countess of Grantham : I think she seems rather sweet. I'm afraid meeting us all together must be very intimidating. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : I do hope so. [Mary and Matthew catch each other's eye. Mary smiles awkwardly. Matthew looks away like he didn't see her. Mary's smile fades until she sees Isobel and they greet each other.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : Now, please come this way. Lavinia : Thank you. [Mary and Isobel shake hands.] Lady Mary : It's good to see you. Hello, Miss Swire. I'm Mary Crawley. [They shake hands.] Lavinia : Of course you are. I mean, I've been longing to meet you, because I've heard so much about you from Matthew. Er, that is-- Lady Mary : Nice things, I hope. Matthew Crawley : What else would she hear from me? Robert, Earl of Grantham : Please. [Robert shows Lavinia to her seat.] Lady Mary : I can't say. It's been such a long time. Who knows what you think of me now. Matthew Crawley : I think...I'm very glad to see you looking so well. Lady Mary : All right, you win. We are at peace again. [She squeezes his arm. The band starts. Sitting down, Lavinia and Mary regard each other.] Mrs Hughes : Have you found something nice? Mr Carson : Why in particular? Mrs Hughes : As a welcome home for Mr Matthew. Mr Carson : Hmph. Mrs Hughes : Oh, what's the matter? I thought you'd come 'round to him. Mr Carson : Last time he was here, he hadn't broken Lady Mary's heart. [Mrs Hughes gives him a look.] Mrs Hughes : Lady Mary broke her own heart. Hmph. That's if she has a heart to break. Mr Carson : I don't think we're ever going to see eye to eye on this, Mrs Hughes. Mrs Hughes : She refused him when she thought he'd have nothing, and when he was heir again, she wanted him back. Mr Carson : I thought caution was a virtue. Mrs Hughes : Caution, maybe, self-interest is not. Perhaps Miss Swire is a gentler person. Mr Carson : If you ask me, this Miss Swire who, it may interest you to know, is not to be found in Burke's Peerage or Burke's Landed Gentry has an eye to the main chance. Mrs Hughes : That's not snobbish, I suppose. Mr Carson : I like to see things done properly, Mrs Hughes, and I won't apologise for that. Now, if you'll excuse me. [Mr Carson walks out with the wine.] William : What is it? White Feather Girl 1 : A white feather, of course, Coward. [Robert turns around and stands up.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : Stop this at once! [William stands.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : This is neither the time nor the place! White Feather Girl 2 : These people should be aware that there are cowards among them. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Will you please leave? You are the cowards here, not they! [Mr Bates stands, also angry, and the women leave. Robert nods to William. William nods back and sits down.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : Leader, will you continue? [William fingers the white feather the woman gave him. The exiting women hand Branson a feather on their way out. He smiles and takes it.] Branson : I'm in a uniform. White Feather Girl 1 : Wrong kind. Cora, Countess of Grantham : That was horrid, William. I hope you won't let it upset you. William : No, Your Ladyship. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Why are these women so unkind? Lady Edith : Of course it is horrid, but when heroes are giving their lives every day, it's hard to watch healthy young men do nothing. [Robert looks quickly at William, who looks down uncomfortably. Isobel talks down the table to Sybil.] Isobel Crawley : By the way, Sybil, very good news. They do have a vacancy. It's very short notice, because someone dropped out. [Sybil smiles.] Isobel Crawley : You'd have to be ready to start on Friday. Robert, Earl of Grantham : May I ask what this is about? Lady Sybil : Cousin Isobel has got me a place on a nursing course in York. [The table stares at her.] Lady Sybil : I want to work at the hospital. Cora, Countess of Grantham : We don't have to talk about it now. [Cora glares at Isobel, who smiles awkwardly.] Mr Bates : She just turned up at my mother's house not long before she died. Anna : So...what does it mean? Mr Bates : I think it means, at long last, I'm able to get a divorce. Anna : Mr Bates, is this a proposal? Mr Bates : If that's what you want to call it. And you might start calling me John. Anna : Why are you sure she'll do it now when she's refused for so long? Mr Bates : Mother left me some money. Much more than I thought. Vera's a greedy woman, she won't refuse what I can offer her. Anna : Will we have to leave Downton? Mr Bates : Not until we want to. I've spoken to His Lordship and he will find a cottage for us near the house. Anna : You told him you want to marry me? Mr Bates : I did. Anna : Before you spoke to me? Mr Bates : You don't mind, do you? Anna : Of course I mind. In fact, I'd give you a smack if I didn't want to kiss you so much I could burst. [Bates cups Anna's face with his hand and they kiss. She stands on her tip-toes as they hold each other.] Lady Edith : Branson says I'm ready for the road. Robert, Earl of Grantham : That's not what he told me. [Mr Carson serves Lavinia.] Lavinia : Oh, how delicious, I love these. Robert, Earl of Grantham : How did you and Matthew meet? Lavinia : Oh, in London. My father works in London, so I've always lived there. But I love the country, too. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Of course you do. Lavinia : Daddy's a solicitor, like Matthew. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : My, my. You're very well-placed if you're ever in trouble with the law. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Did I tell you I've been given a colonelcy in the North Riding Volunteers? So, I'm properly in the army again. Matthew Crawley : Mm. Congratulations. [Matthew turns to Mary on his right.] Matthew Crawley : He won't go with them, will he? When they're called to the front? Lady Mary : I hope not, but he seems to think so. What's it been like? [Matthew turns sharply toward her, then hesitates, slightly panicked and unsure.] Matthew Crawley : You know, the thing is, I just can't talk about it. [Mary nods.] Lady Mary : Have you missed us? Matthew Crawley : What do you think? [They smile at each other. Matthew looks at Lavinia at the other side of the table.] Matthew Crawley : You don't mind my brining Lavinia? Lady Mary : On the contrary, I'm glad. Glad to see you happy. Matthew Crawley : What about you? You happy? Lady Mary : I think I'm about to be happy. Does that count? Matthew Crawley : It does if you mean it. Lady Mary : You'll be the first to know. [They smile at each other, but Mary is obviously pretending.] Daisy : What you reading? Ethel : Photoplay about Mable Norman. She was nothing when she started, you know. Her father was a carpenter and they'd no money, and now she's a shining film star. O'Brien : Ethel, I've a message for you from Her Ladyship. You're to go up and see her now. Ethel : What? Where? O'Brien : In the drawing room, of course. They're all in the drawing room. Ethel : What've I done wrong? O'Brien : Nothing. Quite the reverse. She's very pleased with the way you've begun, and she wants to thank you. Ethel : Now? O'Brien : Yes, now. She's asked for you. How much longer are you gonna keep her waiting? [Ethel quickly puts away her magazine. The servants hold in their giggles in the corner. Ethel leaves in a hurry and the servants burst out laughing.] Lavinia : I don't know much about life in the country, but I do understand how the law works, so I believe I can be helpful to Matthew there. Lady Edith : But you'll be immensely helpful. Don't you think so, Mary? Lady Mary : Of course. [The door opens and Ethel rushes in. Everyone looks up and William pauses in the middle of serving Lady Grantham.] Ethel : Beg pardon, milady, for keeping you waiting. Cora, Countess of Grantham : What? Ethel : I'm ever so grateful for your appreciation, and I want you to know that it's a privilege to work here. [William's still frozen as everyone stares at Ethel. Mr Carson looks mortified.] Mr Carson : Ethel. What are you doing in here? Ethel : H-- Her Ladyship sent for me. Mr Carson : And who gave you this message? Ethel : Miss O'Brien. [Mr Carson raises his eyes to the ceiling.] Ethel : She said I wasn't to keep Her Ladyship waiting. [Cora sighs.] Mr Carson : You may go back downstairs now, thank you, Ethel. [The other ladies smile] Ethel : Right. Thank you, milady. [Ethel curtsies excitedly and exits. Cora smiles and shakes her head.] Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham  (laughing): Well, do we think she's mad, ill, or working for the Russians? [Sybil laughs, then stops herself.] 
 
 Matthew Crawley : She has plenty of time to learn. Cousin Robert will be in charge here for many years. Lavinia will be a lawyers wife far longer than she'll be a countess. That's if I get through the war in one piece. Lady Mary : Of course you will. Don't even think like that. How long are you staying in the village? Matthew Crawley : Just tomorrow. I take the six o'clock train on Thursday. Lady Mary : And then you'll be in France. Matthew Crawley : Wherever I'm going, I'm so pleased that we're friends again. [Mary smiles. Matthew puts on his hat and exits.] Ethel : I still don't understand why it was funny to make me look a fool. You weren't even there to enjoy it. O'Brien : Oh, don't worry, we enjoyed it all right from down here. Mr Carson : Miss O'Brien, Her Ladyship has asked me to take the incident no further. Don't tempt me to disobey. Did I see Lady Sybil in the kitchen yesterday? Mrs Patmore : She wants to learn some cooking. Daisy : She says that she's gonna train to be a nurse, so she needs to know how to cook and clean and everything. Mr Carson : Has she told Her Ladyship about this? Daisy : It's supposed to be a surprise. Mrs Hughes : Mr Carson, it speaks well of Lady Sybil that she wants to help the wounded. Let's not give her away. Ethel : Why shouldn't she learn how to cook and scrub. She may need it when the war's over. Things are changing. For her lot and us. And when they do, I mean to make the most of it. [Mrs Patmore laughs.] Ethel : I take it they ate all the pancakes last night then? Mrs Patmore : They did. [Mrs Patmore enters the next room and whistles for the dog.] Mrs Patmore : Here y'are. [She gives the leftover Crepe Suzette to the dog.] Isobel Crawley : What are we aiming at? Dr Clarkson : They'd like us to take a hundred wounded men, three times the number the hospital was built for. Isobel Crawley : Well, that settles it. We'll have to convert the second day room. Dr Clarkson : So there's to be no convalescence at all? Isobel Crawley : I'm afraid not. Once they can stand, they must go. Dr Clarkson : (sigh) If only there were somewhere nearer than Farley Hall. I can't get there more than twice a week at the most. [Clarkson notices Molesley taking out the tea tray.] Dr Clarkson : Uh, should he be doing that? Isobel Crawley : Why not? Dr Clarkson : I only meant with his condition. Isobel Crawley : What condition is that? Dr Clarkson : His lungs. Old Lady Grantham told me he's had a lot of trouble with his lungs. Isobel Crawley : And why did she tell you that, particularly? Dr Clarkson : She wanted me to write to the war office. She was anxious to spare him the humiliation of being refused on medical grounds. Isobel Crawley : And who else did she wish you to take under your protection? Dr Clarkson : William Mason, the footman at the big house. He has a-- a bad skin condition, apparently, and hates people to know. [Isobel gives Clarkson a stern, knowing look.] Dr Clarkson : She wanted to spare him the physical examination. Isobel Crawley : I'm sure she did. [INT. KITCHENS - DAY] 
[Sybil stirs something on the stove. Mrs Patmore check over her shoulder.] Mrs Patmore : What in Wonderland do you call that? [Mrs Patmore sees Sybil's horrified expression.] Mrs Patmore : I mean, I do not fully understand what you're trying to do, milady. [Sybil shakes her head.] Lady Sybil : Oh, I knew it wasn't supposed to look like this. Mrs Patmore : No, milady, I would go so far as to say there is no food on the earth that is supposed to look like that. [Daisy comes over to check on Sybil.] Lady Sybil : Why does everything go so lumpy? Daisy : Tell you what, chuck it out and we'll start again. [Sybil nods and takes the pot off the stove.] Anna : I don't think we should sell your mother's house. Not yet. Mr Bates : We could rent it out. Then we can save. When I have some time off, I'll go up to London and get it ready. Anna : Maybe I can come with you. We could do it together. [Bates smiles.] Mr Bates : I've got an idea that a bit later on, if we want to... Anna : If we want to start a family. [Bates beams.] Mr Bates : I thought, when the time is right, we might sell. And we could buy a small hotel just-- just a little one, maybe near here and we could work together and have the children with us. [Anna tries not to cry through her smiles.] Mr Bates : What is it? Anna : Nothing. It's just...in my whole life, I never thought I could be as happy as I am at this moment. [Ethel comes in an drops something on the table with a sour expression and sits down, either oblivious or unfeeling, destroying the moment.] Lady Mary : Don't worry, I haven't come to undo your good work of the other night. Matthew Crawley : You must have been up before the servants. Lady Mary : They were rather surprised to see me. [Mary opens her purse.] Lady Mary : I wanted to give you this. [She hands him a little stuffed dog.] Lady Mary : It's my lucky charm. I've had it always. So, you must promise to bring it back without a scratch. Matthew Crawley : Won't you need it? Lady Mary : Not as much as you. So, look after it. Please. Matthew Crawley : I'll try not to be a hero, if that's what you're afraid of. [He puts it in his pocket.] Lady Mary : Just come back safe and sound. Did you have a happy time yesterday? Matthew Crawley : Showed Lavinia the places I like the most. Gave her a few memories. Mary, if I don't come back-- Lady Mary : But-- Matthew Crawley : No. If I don't, then do remember how very glad I am that we made up when we had the chance. I mean it. You send me off to war a happy man. [Mary smiles. Matthew steps toward the train, then pauses.] Matthew Crawley : Will you do something for me? Will you...will you look after mother...if anything happens? Lady Mary : Of course we will. But it won't. Matthew Crawley : And Lavinia. She's young, she will find someone else. I hope she does, anyway, but...until she does. [The conductor blows a whistle.] Lady Mary : Goodbye then. [She kissed Matthew on the cheek.] Lady Mary : And such good luck. Matthew Crawley : Goodbye, Mary. And God bless you. [Matthew gets in the train and Mary watches it take him out of sight. Out of sight, both of them are very emotional.] Vera Bates : Lady Mary was very much part of the story, I can assure you. Ethel : How do you know? Vera Bates : Well, you see, I worked for Lady Flin-- [Anna walks into the kitchen.] Anna : Ethel! I hope you've offered our visitor some tea. Ethel : I'll go and ask Daisy. [Anna smiles politely at Vera for a moment then follows Ethel out.] Anna : What is the first law of service? We do not discuss the business of this house with strangers. Ethel : But she's not a stranger, she's Mr Bates's wife. Has anyone told him she's here? [Ethel leaves and Anna tries to process her shock. Anna walks back into the kitchen.] Vera Bates : So you're Anna. Anna : I am. [Vera nods, looking her over.] Vera Bates : You're the one who went to call on my late lamented mother-in-law. Anna : Yes, I did. [Mr Bates enters slowly. Ethel enters to watch.] Vera Bates : I know you did. Mr Bates : Sorry to keep you waiting, Vera. I was up in the attics sorting out some cupboards. Vera Bates : Don't worry. I've been having a nice time here with Ethel and Miss Smith. [Mrs Hughes enters.] Mrs Hughes : Mr Bates. Ethel told me about your visitor, so I've had the tea put in my sitting room. I thought you might take Mrs Bates in there. Mr Bates : That's very thoughtful. Vera Bates : It is. But then, you're all so kind. I'm beginning to understand why my Batesy's got so spoiled. [Mr Bates and Anna glare at Vera.] Mr Carson : I'm sorry to trouble you, my lady. Cora, Countess of Grantham : What is it, Carson? Mr Carson : Something has been going on, and I don't feel quite easy that you've not been made aware of it. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Goodness. What is this dark secret? Mr Carson : Lady Sybil has spent the last two in the kitchens. Cora, Countess of Grantham : What? Mr Carson : She asked Mrs Patmore for some cooking lessons. Mrs Patmore : Now, steady. Even the most experienced cook can burn themself if they're not careful. Lady Sybil : But do you think it's ready? Mrs Patmore : I know it's ready. Daisy : Go on, you don't want to spoil it. [Mr Carson and Cora watch through the window in the corridor.] Mr Carson : It seems she's made a cake for Your Ladyship as a surprise, but I am uneasy with surprises at the best of times and I wonder if the whole exercise is entirely appropriate. [Branson enters the kitchen just as Sybil is pulling the cake out of the oven with a huge smile on her face. He grins.] Lady Sybil : Ta-da. Mrs Patmore : Oooh. [Carson watches with disapproval. Cora watches with wonder. A smile lights up her face. Daisy and Mrs Patmore help Sybil finish the cake.] Mr Carson : I'm not comfortable with this, my lady. Not comfortable at all. Cora, Countess of Grantham : I was worried about Lady Sybil. But I'm not worried anymore. Mr Carson : So you don't mind, my lady? [Cora is close to tears in her joy. She shakes her head.] Cora, Countess of Grantham : No. I do not mind. And I'm very grateful to you. And Carson, the cake will be a surprise whether you approve or not, so please don't give me away. Vera Bates : Sit down. Mr Bates : I don't want to sit down. Vera Bates : Suit yourself. Mr Bates : Look, I'm not saying it's all your fault for how things were between us, but I couldn't go back to that. I'll take the blame. I'll go to some hotel in Moulton with a tart. So why hold on? Vera Bates : Because I tried it on my own and I don't like it. You've got money now. We'd be comfortable. [Bates chuckles humourlessly.] Mr Bates : You're out of your mind. What makes you think that I would allow that to happen? Vera Bates : You went to prison for me once. [Vera takes a sip of the tea.] Vera Bates : I must say, this is very good. Does Lord Grantham have his own blend? Mr Bates : Is that all? Vera Bates : Not quite. You see, if you don't come back to me, I'm going to the newspapers with a cracking story, and I'd like to bet the Granthams won't survive it. Mr Bates : Oh? And what nonsense is this? Vera Bates : The nonsense I heard when I used your name to get a job with Lady Flincher. His Lordship's cousin. Mr Bates : I know who Lady Flincher is. Vera Bates : When I arrived, her maid asked me if it was true about Lady Mary Crawley and the Turkish diplomat. They thought I'd know, you see, being your wife. Mr Bates : I hope you told them you knew nothing about it. [Vera laughs.] Vera Bates : As if. I said, why don't you tell me what you think you know, and I'll tell you if it's true. Goodness me, wasn't my patience rewarded. The public's bored with the war, you see. They like gossip. And a diplomat dying in the bed of an earl's unmarried daughter. Well! That takes the ticket for the tale of the year. Mr Bates : It's a pack of lies! Vera Bates : I assume that's loyalty and not ignorance. Because, you see, I heard that Lady Mary needed her maid to help her carry him. And, yes, you guessed it, your precious Anna's gonna figure in the story, too. Not to worry too much. It's not a criminal offense, is it? Just a social one. [Bates grabs Vera's wrists, shaking with rage.] Mr Bates : You bitch. Vera Bates : Please. Be my guest. Well then you must excuse me when I run into town and have it photographed. [Mr Bates lets her go, then sinks in the chair across the tea table.] Mr Bates : What do you want from me? Vera Bates : Firstly, you'll hand in your notice. Tonight. I'll put up at the pub in the village. Mr Bates : What reason do I give? Vera Bates : You don't need a reason. Just tell them that you're going. And then tomorrow we head back to London. Stay in your mother's house for the time being till we get ourselves sorted. And in case you're wondering, whatever my future plans may be, they will involve you. [Mrs Hughes shuts the grate in the corridor outside her sitting room where she's been eavesdropping, then shifts a box to conceal it and leaves.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : Bates, when you first came here, I fought to keep you! Everyone was against me! Everyone! From Her Ladyship to Carson! They thought I was mad! But I said to them, "After all that we've been through together, Bates and I, I owe him my loyalty!" Mr Bates : I appreciate that, my lord, but-- Robert, Earl of Grantham : But what?! But loyalty doesn't matter to you?! Mr Bates : It does matter, my lord. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Not enough to make you change your mind! Not even enough to make you stay until I've found a replacement! Mr Bates : I can't. Robert, Earl of Grantham : You won't take any more money off me! You leave empty handed! Mr Bates : I don't want money, my lord. [Robert pauses a moment, considering.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : I'm sorry, Bates, that was a low shot. Of course, you can have whatever is owing to you. I thought we were friends, that's all. I thought we'd crossed a great divide successfully. Well, well. I've had my say. It's your life. But you've disappointed me, Bates. [Bates stands stiffly, close to tears from Robert's stinging words.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : I cannot remember being more disappointed in any man. Anna : I don't believe it! You say my life is over and your wife will collect you first thing, and that's it? Have you mentioned this to anyone else? Mr Bates : Only Mr Carson and Mrs Hughes. The others can find out when I've gone. Anna : I know you've not told me the real reason. Mr Bates : You're wrong. Vera has reminded me that I'm a married man, that I must give my vows another chance. I had no right to involve you in my life. Anna : Yes, you see, but that's just what I don't agree with. You had every right. I know you. You're doing something gallant here, making a sacrifice for my honour, but I don't want you to. I don't care! Don't you understand? I don't care what people say. I'd live in sin with you. If she's threatening to ruin me, then let her. It's nothing to me. The only ruin that I recognize is to be without you. Mr Bates : Forget me and be happy, please. Anna : I couldn't. Not ever. Mr Bates : You should. And you must. I am nothing. [Anna sobs as Bates leaves.] Daisy : William? [Daisy turns on the light.] Daisy : I thought everyone had gone up. I'm just looking for that magazine I Ethel were reading. I hope you noticed I'm not scared of electricity anymore. [She sits down at the table next to William.] Daisy : Well, not much. I couldn't touch a switch when it were only upstairs, but I've got used to it now. [William continues to stare at the table.] Daisy : I hate to see you like this. [He looks at her.] William : Even though I'm a dirty coward? Daisy : You're not. Not to me. William : Well, why don't I enlist? I could. I know I promised my dad, but he's not my owner. He's not the law. Am I frightened? Is that it. Honestly. Daisy : Don't be so hard on yourself. No one wants to go to war. Agh, I wish you'd cheer up. Please. I'd do anything to cheer you up. William : Like what? [Daisy checks the corridor, then smiles mischievously.] Daisy : Like this. [She kisses him. He sits up straight, surprised, then checks the corridor to see if anyone saw. He looks back at Daisy, and then sinks back into his dull mood.] William : You just feel sorry for me. Daisy : William, I've kissed you. You've wanted me to long enough. Well, now I have. Enjoy it. William : Does this mean you'll be my girl? Daisy, 'cause if you were my girl, I know I could tackle anything. [Daisy stares at William.] Matthew Crawley : We were supposed to be at rest for ten days at least. Medical Officer : Orders arrived this morning, sir. [?] were hit bad, so they're out and we're in. [Matthew puts Mary's good luck charm on the table.] Medical Officer : And it's [?] in the trench since we got here. Matthew Crawley : Anybody hurt? Medical Officer : [Rankin?]'s dead and Kent. And Corporal Wright was hit. Thank God the stretch bearers were there. Matthew Crawley : Let me see what the damage is now. Medical Officer : Sir. [The soldier straightens in solute and exits. Matthew is about to follow, but goes back for Mary's lucky charm. Out in the trenches, Matthew ducks and covers as a bomb explodes, then continues.] Matthew Crawley : All right? Soldier : Morning, sir. [Matthew continues, then ducks and covers again. When he looks up, he sees Thomas Barrow, the former First Footman.] Matthew Crawley : Thomas? It is Thomas, isn't it? Thomas : Corporal Barrow now, Mr Crawley. Matthew Crawley : You'll never guess where I've just been. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Where's Anna? Mrs Hughes : She's not feeling very well today, Your Ladyship. I've taken over for the time being. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Oh, that's so kind of you. Just make sure Lady Sybil packs things she can get in and out of without a maid. [Edith starts to pack an evening gown.] Lady Sybil : Oh, I don't need that. I'd never wear it. Lady Edith : But you must have something decent. Suppose you're invited to dinner. Lady Sybil : I know this is hard for you to grasp, but I'm not there to go out to dinner. I'm there to learn. Lady Mary : Take one, just in case. [Mary hands Sybil a gown.] Lady Edith : We'll miss you. Lady Sybil : Don't be silly. It's only two months. And I'll come home if I can. Lady Edith : Why don't I drive you? Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : She's taking enough chance with her life as it is. Lady Edith : Oh, Granny. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : What is this driving mania? Lady Edith : It'll be useful. They won't let a healthy man drive us around for much longer. And if Sybil can be a nurse, why can't I be a chauffeur? Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Well, I shall leave you. I have been summoned by Cousin Isobel for tea. Goodbye Sybil. [Violet holds out her arms for a hug, and Sybil embraces her with a smile.] Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : And good luck with it all. Lady Sybil : Thank you for being such a sport. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : It's a big step you're taking, dear. But war deals out strange tasks. Remember your Great Aunt Roberta. [Violet goes to leave.] Lady Mary : What about her? [Violet pauses at the door.] Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : She loaded the guns at Lucknow. [Mary and Sybil raise their eyebrows at each other.] Cora, Countess of Grantham : I'll come with you. I'll tell William to fetch the bags. [Cora pauses at the door on her way out.] Cora, Countess of Grantham : The first one to leave the nest. [Cora exits.] Lady Edith : Poor Mama. She always feels these things so dreadfully. Lady Mary : That's her American blood. Lady Sybil : I'm so glad we've settled everything with Cousin Matthew. Aren't you, Mary? Lady Mary : Oh, please stop treading on eggshells. I've other fish to fry. [Edith scoffs.] Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : I make no apology. It would be a terrible thing if poor old Mr Molesley's son were killed, wouldn't it Molesley? Isobel Crawley : I'm sure it would, but-- Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : And then I heard William's father would be left on his own if anything happened to the boy. And what would become of Carson if the last of his staff were to go? Isobel Crawley : That's not the point. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Do you want Molesley to die? [Molesley looks a bit shocked, and Dr Clarkson closes his eyes pinches the bridge of his nose as he listens to them bicker.] Isobel Crawley : Of course I don't. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Well... Isobel Crawley : I don't want my own son to die either, but this is a war, and we must be in it together. High and low, rich and poor. There can be no special cases, because every man at the front is a special case to someone. Dr Clarkson : Mrs Crawley is right. I understand your motives, Lady Grantham, and I do not criticise them. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Thank you. Dr Clarkson : But I shall write to the ministry at once, correcting the misinformation. Good day. I'll see myself out. [Dr Clarkson rises to leave.] Isobel Crawley : Molesley, you understand why I said what I did? Mr Molesley : Indeed, I do, ma'am. Isobel Crawley : You won't be called up at once. Not while there are younger men to be taken. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : But they'll get you in the end, Molesley. And you can blame Mrs Crawley when they do. Mrs Hughes : I wish you'd stop working for one minute. At least put the light on or you'll strain your eyes. [Mr Carson sighs and turns on the table lamp.] Mr Carson : It's getting dark so early now. Has she gone? Mrs Hughes : She has. (sigh) So, we've lost Mr Bates and Lady Sybil in one day. Mr Carson : I can't believe it. I suppose I'll have to look after His Lordship now on top of everything else. Mrs Hughes : And I don't want any jokes about broomsticks and sweeping the floor. MR CARSON (chuckles) 
His Lordship's got his regimental dinner in Richmond tonight. That means he'll be in the full fig. Mrs Hughes : You'll manage. Mr Carson : You know, when Mr Bates first came to this house, I thought he could never do the work, but now I can't imagine the place without him. Did you see this coming, because I didn't. Mrs Hughes : I have a confession. I let them have their tea in my sitting room. Mr Carson : That was nice of you. Mrs Hughes : It was...quite nice, but I had my reasons. There's a grating on the wall, which means you can hear what's being said in the room. Mr Carson : Now, if I was a gentleman, I wouldn't want to know. Mrs Hughes : But you're not. Mr Carson : Fortunately. [Mr Carson gets up and closes the door.] Lady Sybil : It'll be hard to let you go, my last link with home. [Branson takes off his hat.] Branson : Not as hard as it is for me. Lady Sybil : Branson... Branson : I know I shouldn't say it, but I can't keep it in any longer. Lady Sybil : I wish you would. Branson : I've told myself and told myself you're too far above me, but things are changing. When the war is over, the world won't be the same place as it was when it started. And I'll make something of myself, I promise. Lady Sybil : I know you will. Branson : Then bet on me. And if your family casts you off, it won't be forever. They'll come around. And until they do, I promise to devote every waking minute to your happiness. Lady Sybil : I'm terribly flattered. Branson : Don't say that. Lady Sybil : Why not? Branson : Because flattered is a word posh people use when they're getting ready to say "no." [Sybil smiles, trying to lighten the mood.] Lady Sybil : That sounds more like you. Branson : Please don't make fun of me. It's cost me all I've got to say these things. [Lady Sybil stares at the ground uncomfortably. Branson watches her, then nods.] Branson : Right. [He puts his hat back on.] Branson : I'll go. I'll hand in my notice, and I won't be there when you get back. [Sybil's head snaps up.] Lady Sybil : No, don't do that. Branson : I must. They won't let me stay when they've heard what I said. Lady Sybil : They won't hear. Not from me. Thomas : Bloody hell! There must be more to life than this! [A bomb hits nearby and they drop the stretcher as they're knocked off their feet.] Stretcher Bearer : You all right, Corporal? [Thomas pants heavily.] Thomas : I think so. Yeah, I'm all right. [The stretcher bearer takes out a cigarette case. Thomas checks the soldier they dropped. He's dead.] Thomas : [?] Stretcher Bearer : You won't believe it back home where I come from. I thought, "Medical Corps. Not much danger there." How wrong can one man be? Here. [The stretcher bearer offers his cigarette to Thomas.] Stretcher Bearer : I think it comes down to luck. If a bullet's got your name on it, there's nothing you can do. If not, you thank God you're alive-- [A bullet runs through the stretcher bearer's helmet. He drops right in front of Thomas, who panics.] Officer : Get these bodies away! Come on Corporal Barrow! Robert, Earl of Grantham : I cannot tell you how pleased I am to be here tonight, sir. General : Well, we are very pleased to have you here, Grantham. Robert, Earl of Grantham : You see, just to know I'm with you all. To sense that I belong here. It's as simple as this: I no longer feel like a fraud. Dr Clarkson : Mr Molesley, what are you doing here? Mr Molesley : I was waiting to see you, Doctor. Dr Clarkson : How can I help? Mr Molesley : It's just, I was wondering whether you'd written that letter, the one you spoke of this afternoon. Dr Clarkson : To the war office? [Molesley nods.] Dr Clarkson : Not yet. I'm sorry you were involved in all that. I should've checked with you first before I interfered. Mr Molesley : Well, that's just it, you see, I think if you had checked with me, y--you'd have found exactly what Lady Grantham described. Dr Clarkson : I don't quite-- Mr Molesley : I have trouble with my lungs. I get sort of...breathless sometimes. I-- I've noticed it's getting worse. [Dr Clarkson lifts his chin, understanding Molesley's motivations.] Mr Molesley : They haven't written to William yet. The Ministry, I mean. They have discharged me. Why don't just make extra work for them to have to fail me all over again? Dr Clarkson : Very well. I shall correct my statement as regards William. But make no mention of you. Mr Molesley : Thank you, Doctor. [Dr Clarkson nods.] Dr Clarkson : It's all right. [Molesley begins to leave.] Dr Clarkson : But Molesley. I hope you will help the war effort...in other ways. [Molesley nods and exits.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : When might the regiment be wanted, sir? The talk at dinner suggested it might be soon. General : Oh, pretty soon I'd say. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Well, I'm as ready now as I'll ever be. [Robert waits, expectantly.] General : For what? Robert, Earl of Grantham : To go to France...with the regiment. General : Why would you do that? Robert, Earl of Grantham : Because I'm their Colonel, of course. Well, there must be some use for me over there. General : My dear fellow, we're not as heartless as that. The position's only an honorary one. Nobody expects you to go to war. Robert, Earl of Grantham : An honorary one? General : We thought it'd cheer things up a bit to have the Lord Lieutenant at our table. And so it does. We're very glad to welcome you here. Robert, Earl of Grantham : I see. [The general is oblivious to Robert's disappointment.] General : We old codgers have our work cut out for us, keeping spirits high at home. Someone must. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Oh, indeed, sir. [Something catches the general's eye.] General : Was that [?] Cavendish? I must catch him before I go. [Robert nods as the general leaves. Then contemplates his honorary title.] O'Brien : So, Lady Sybil got off all right in the end. I'm afraid we have to admit, she knows what she wants. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Yes. She certainly does. O'Brien : I don't suppose the war will leave any of us alone by the time it's done. I had a letter from Thomas the other day. He writes that, when he thinks about how things used to be, it seems like a dream. Not much more than two years ago, but he says he might as well be a century. Cora, Countess of Grantham : So you hear from Thomas? Is he well? Please give him my regards. O'Brien : He's well enough, my lady. I don't think he'd mind coming home. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Oh, I wish he could, O'Brien. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Of course, if Bates hadn't been so bloody selfish, he would've let us plan for his departure properly. Mr Carson : Your Lordship, I have information that I have no proper claim to. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Well, what is it? Mr Carson : Well, if Your Lordship can assure me that you'll keep it to yourself. Robert, Earl of Grantham : (sigh) I promise, Carson. You can drop the last veil. Mr Carson : Well, I feel it is only right to tell you that Mr Bates's leaving was not selfish. Quite the reverse. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Felt selfish to me. As for the wretched Anna, [?] with dishonest promises. MR CARSON (clears throat) 
Mr Bates left because, had he not done so, his wife was planning to engulf this house in scandal. Robert, Earl of Grantham : (chuckles) In scandal? [Robert sees Carson's serious expression.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : What scandal? Mr Carson : The point is, my lord, Mrs Bates would've made Downton notorious. The price of her silence was her husband's return. Robert, Earl of Grantham : But I must know what story she was planning to tell. Mr Carson : I'm sorry, my lord. I could not speak of it without injuring you and betraying myself. Robert, Earl of Grantham : But you are saying that Bates fell on his sword to protect the reputation of my family. [Mr Carson nods.] Mr Carson : Ethel, what are you doing? Ethel : Seeing to the plugs for the night. Mr Carson : What? Ethel : Polishing the electric plugs and checking them for vapours. Mr Carson : And why are you doing this? Ethel : Because you were too busy. She said you usually did it, but could I manage it tonight. Mr Carson : And "she", I take it, would be Miss O'Brien. [Mr Carson gives Ethel a look, revealing her naivety.] Mr Carson : Go to bed, Ethel. And next time she gives you an order, ask me first. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Is anything the matter? Robert, Earl of Grantham : Nothing. Except that today has shown me I am not only a worthless man, but also a bad tempered and ungrateful one. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Well, we all know that. [Robert lets out a puff of amusement.] Cora, Countess of Grantham : Can I help? I wonder how Sybil's feeling. Robert, Earl of Grantham : The war's reaching its long fingers into Downton and scattering out chicks. But I'm glad we made peace with Matthew. Cora, Countess of Grantham : I agree. Let us thank Sir Richard Carlisle for distracting Mary at just the right moment. By the way, she wants him to come and stay so we can all meet him. Robert, Earl of Grantham : She wants us to invite a hawker of newspaper scandal to stay as a guest in this house? It's lucky I have a sense of irony. Anna : Not you, too. [Anna puts her lamp on the mantel and pulls up a chair beside Ethel.] Anna : What's the matter? Ethel : Why ask? You don't care. [Anna rolls her eyes in frustration.] Anna : Ethel...perhaps if you stop going on about all the marvellous things you're going to do when you leave service. [Ethel looks up in disbelief.] Ethel : But you've got to have dreams. Don't you have any dreams? Anna : Of course I do. Big dreams. [Anna is close to tears.] Anna : It's just, I know now they won't be coming true. [Ethel takes Anna's hand to comfort her.] Lady Mary : What do you want? Lady Edith : I think I left my book in here. [Mary finds the book and hands it to Edith. Edith smiles in amusement.] Lady Mary : Is that all? Lady Edith : You were praying. Lady Mary : Don't be ridiculous. Lady Edith : You were praying. What were you praying for? Lady Mary : Please go, I'm tired. [Edith leaves. Mary kneels beside the bed again and pulls out Matthew's photo. She folds her hands.] Lady Mary : Dear Lord, I don't pretend to have much credit with you. I'm not even sure that you're there. But if you are, and if I've ever done anything good, I beg you to keep him safe. Matthew Crawley : You look very comfortable there, Corporal. [Thomas gets up quickly and solutes Matthew. Matthew solutes back.] Thomas : Would you like some, sir? We've got condensed milk and sugar. Matthew Crawley : I won't ask how you managed that. [They sit in the shelter and Thomas pours Matthew a drink while he removes his helmet. Thomas hands him the drink.] Thomas : Go on, sir. [Thomas removes his helmet. Matthew takes a sip.] Matthew Crawley : That's nectar. You sure you can spare it? Thomas : Gladly. If we could talk about the old days and forget about all this for a minute or two. Matthew Crawley : Do you ever hear from anyone? Thomas : Oh, yes. Miss O'Brien keeps me informed. Lady Edith's driving. [Matthew smiles with a chuckle.] Thomas : Lady Sybil's training as a nurse. Miss O'Brien tells me the hospital's busier than ever with the wounded coming in. That true? Matthew Crawley : Certainly is. They had a concert when I was there to raise extra funds. [Thomas thinks for a moment, beginning to plot.] Thomas : I'm curious, sir. Do you think I could ever get a transfer back to the hospital, seeing as it's war work? Matthew Crawley : Well, you'd have to be sent home from the front first. And then you might have to pull a few strings. [Matthew finishes his tea.] Matthew Crawley : Thank you for that. Thank you very much. Thomas : What would my mother say? Me entertaining the future Earl of Grantham for tea. [Matthew smiles his amusement.] Matthew Crawley : War has a way of distinguishing between the things that matter and the things that don't. [They put their helmets back on and exit the shelter. They solute each other and Matthew leaves. Thomas pauses for a moment and then makes his way through the trenches. He finds a lonely spot and begins to panic as he puts out a cigarette and lighter. His panic rises as he holds up the lighter above the top of the trench. A shot rings out and he pulls his hand in, cradling the bloody wound.] Thomas : Thank you. Thank you for my deliverance. END CREDITS 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 