Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x03 - Episode Three - Downton Abbey 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x03 - Episode Three https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=151&t=9201 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/16/11 10:47 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x03 - Episode Three 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [OPENING TITLES] 
 
[EXT. DOWNTON - MORNING] 
[A man rides a bicycle toward the abbey. A new valet, Henry Lang, prepares Robert's clothes. William works downstairs.] Anna : Should we give them some more space between the beds? Lady Edith : Well, we could give them-- Isobel Crawley : Not much. I'm determined to defend the library as a recreation room. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Where are we to sit? Isobel Crawley : We can screen off the small library Cora, Countess of Grantham : Is that all? Lady Edith : I suppose we-- Isobel Crawley : Well, we could leave you the boudoir. I wanted to put the intermediaries in there, but we don't have to. Cora, Countess of Grantham : How kind. Lady Sybil : Why will we only have officers? Surely all wounded men need to convalesce. Dr Clarkson : The hospital is for officers, and the whole idea is to have a complimentary convalescent home. Lady Sybil : Of course, but I don't know if we can make that an absolute rule. Isobel Crawley : If the world were logical, I would rather agree with you. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Which comes as no surprise. Isobel Crawley : You would not, I imagine. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : You imagine right. What these men will need is rest and relaxation. Will that be achieved by mixing ranks and putting everyone on edge? [Violet exits and Sybil follows her into the hall.] Lady Sybil : Granny. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Mm? Lady Sybil : Different ranks can relax together, it has been known. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Well, don't look at me, I'm very good at mixing. We always danced the first waltz at the servants' ball, didn't we, Carson? Mr Carson : If was an honour, my lady. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : It's a lot to ask when people aren't at their best. I'm searching for Lady Mary, Carson. Will you tell her I'm in the library? [Carson bows and goes in search of her. Isobel passes Edith who's standing in a doorway.] Isobel Crawley : Don't loiter, Edith. There's plenty to be done. Lady Edith : Of course, but I'm not quite what to-- Isobel Crawley : Sybil, I want to have a quick word with you. [Edith is left feeling lost.] Anna : I'm going down to the village this afternoon if anyone wants anything. Mrs Hughes : Some stamps would be kind. I'll get you the money. Mr Carson : I'd like to thank you all for your work this morning. Ethel : It's so strange to see the rooms converted into dormitories. Anna : But good. It was wrong for our life to chug along as if the war were only happening to other people. Daisy : How will it be, though? Are we all working for Mrs Crawley now? O'Brien : We are not. Mr Carson : I'm sure the chain of command will be sorted out soon. O'Brien : Or there'll be blood on the stairs. Mr Carson : Thank you, Miss O'Brien. [Lang gets up, obviously distressed in some way.] Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : But what do you think it meant? Lady Mary : Really, Granny. Lavinia Swire knows Richard Carlisle. So what? One knows lots of people in London. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : I don't know many people who'd threaten me behind the laurels. Lady Mary : Aunt Rosamund said herself she didn't know what to make of it. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : I still think it's a peculiar way for a gentleman to speak to a lady. Lady Mary : At least you think him a gentleman. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : The point is, do you think he's a gentleman? Lady Mary : I'm not sure it matters much to me. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Well, I'm going up to London to stay with Rosamund for a day or two. I think we'll have Lavinia for tea. Lady Mary : You sound as if you're going to gobble her up. VIOLET, DOWAGER COUNTESS OF GRANTHAM (laughs) 
If only we could. Mrs Patmore : But where are they going to eat? Mr Carson : I understand from Mrs Crawley that they'll share the dining room with the officers who are almost well. Mrs Patmore : So, am I running a cantina? [Daisy giggles as she reads her letter.] Daisy : William says he's got time off between the end of his training and going overseas. Mrs Hughes : He'll be with his father, surely? Daisy : He's going home first, but he wants to come here for his last night. Mrs Hughes : You wouldn't mind that, would you, Mr Carson? Mr Carson : Certainly not. I'd be glad to wish him well on his way. Oh, for you Mr Branson. [Branson enters and Carson hands him a letter.] Daisy : Why do you think he's coming here? Mrs Patmore : To see us all and say goodbye. What's wrong with that? Daisy : Well, suppose it's something more. Suppose he's got plans. Mrs Patmore : Well, you have to deal with that when it happens. And mind you deal fair. Now, go and grate that suet before I grow old and die. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Who'll be in charge? Lady Edith : Cousin Isobel thinks it'll be her. Lady Mary : All know is that she'll drive us mad before the end. Cora, Countess of Grantham : I'm going up to change. Lady Sybil : I just want to finish this. Lady Edith : Aren't you going to the hospital? Lady Sybil : Not yet. I'm on a night shift. I'll walk down after dinner. And please don't start lecturing me. Lady Edith : I won't. The truth is, I envy you. Lady Sybil : Do you ever miss helping out on the Drakes' farm? Lady Edith : That's a funny question. Why? Lady Sybil : No reason. It's just, you seemed to have such a purpose there. It suited you. Lady Edith : It did suit me. I enjoyed it. But now I feel like a spare part. Lady Sybil : Trust me, you have a talent that none of the rest of us have. Just find out what it is and use it. It's doing nothing that's the enemy. O'Brien : The truth is, milady, Mrs Crawley's forgotten this is your house. And we need a friend in charge of the day-to-day management. Because if Mrs Crawley gets one of her toadies in to run things, she'll have her nose in every pie before you can say Jack Robinson. Cora, Countess of Grantham : But who? O'Brien : What about Thomas, milady? He's hospital trained, and he's always had a soft spot for Downton. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Thomas? The footman? Managing Downton Abbey? O'Brien : But he's not a footman now, is he? He's a corporal with real battle experience as a medic. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Could Dr Clarkson spare him? O'Brien : Well, I suppose he'll have to spare somebody. Lady Mary : Are you all right? You seem a bit preoccupied. Anna : I had a...Never mind. Lady Mary : What? Anna : It was this afternoon in the village, I thought I saw Mr Bates. Lady Mary : Bates? Isn't he in London? Anna : I might've been wrong. I walked up to where he was standing and there was no sign of him, but-- Lady Mary : Do you know his address in London? Anna : As long as he's still there. Why? Lady Mary : I'll telephone Sir Richard and ask him to look into it. Anna : But what would he know? Lady Mary : He works in newspapers. A world of spies, tip offs, and private investigators. I promise you, he can find out whatever he likes. Anna : All right, then. If you think he can help. Lady Mary : Good. I'll ring him tonight. [Mary looks at her curled hair.] Lady Mary : Not bad. Try to fit in a bit of practice. We've plenty of time to get it right before there's anyone to see me who matters. Lavinia : I only know Sir Richard because he is, or was, a friend of my father's, and of my uncle, Jonathan Swire. Lady Rosamund : The liberal minister? Lavinia : That's it. But I'm afraid they've fallen out. Lady Rosamund : Aw. Lavinia : This room is so pretty. Has the house always been the Painswicks' London home. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : There's no always about the Painswicks, my dear. They were invented from scratch by my son-in-law's grandfather. Lady Rosamund : We bought the house when we were married. Lavinia : You make Mr Painswick sound rather a rough diamond, Lady Grantham. Lady Rosamund : Marmaduke wasn't a rough diamond, was he Mama? Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : No. He was just cut and polished comparatively recently. Lady Sybil : Carson's told Papa you've been called up. Branson : There's no need to look so serious. Lady Sybil : You'd think me rather heartless if I didn't. Branson : I'm not going to fight. Lady Sybil : You'll have to. Branson : I will not. I'm going to be a conscientious objector. Lady Sybil : They'll put you in prison. Branson : I'd rather prison than the Dardanelles. Lady Sybil : When will you tell them? Branson : In my own good time. Lady Sybil : I don't understand. Branson : I'll go to the medical, I'll report for duty, and when on parade, I'll march out front and I'll shout it loud and clear. And if that doesn't make the newspapers, then I'm a monkey's uncle. Lady Sybil : But you'll have a record for the rest of your life. Branson : At least I'll have a life. Mrs Patmore : Cheer up. It's not as bad as that. What's the matter, Mr Lang? Tell me. I won't bite. Mr Lang : I sometimes feel I'm the only one who knows what's going on over there. And you all wander around ironing clothes and cleaning boots and choosing what's for dinner while, over the channel, men are killed, and maimed, and blown to pieces. Mrs Patmore : We know more than you think. The war hasn't left us alone. It hasn't left me alone, however it may look. Mr Lang : Have you any idea how scared they are? How scared they all are? Mrs Patmore : I lost my nephew, my sister's boy. H--he was shot...for cowardice. That's what they said. But I knew him, and he'd never have done such a thing if he hadn't've been half out of his mind with fear. Mr Lang : Don't blame him. It was him, but it could've been me. It could have been any of us. [Mrs Patmore nods as he leaves.] Thomas : Suppose I don't want to come back? O'Brien : To be in charge? Telling Mr Carson what to do? Thomas : Why? What's in it for you? O'Brien : All right, it's to stop Mrs Crawley bossing Her Ladyship about. She behaves as if she owns the place. Thomas : You've changed your tune. When I were last here, you'd've given money to see Her Ladyship eat dirt. O'Brien : Well, like you say, I've changed me tune. People do. Thomas : Not without reason. O'Brien : I've got me reasons. Thomas : You've also got Her Ladyship wrapped 'round your little finger. O'Brien : Maybe that's my business. But I'll not hurt her. And I'll not let anyone else hurt her neither. That's all I've got to say. Thomas : You're a queer one, and no mistake. O'Brien : So, will you come if I can fix it? Thomas : Why not? I like the idea of giving orders to old Carson. [O'Brien smiles.] Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : I go away for five minutes and everything's settled. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Nothing's settled. For a start, which rooms will we live in? Isobel Crawley : The small library and the boudoir. Cora, Countess of Grantham : If Cousin Isobel can find somewhere else for the intermediaries. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : There's always the boot room. I'm sure you'll have use of that. Robert, Earl of Grantham : And where are we supposed to eat? Isobel Crawley : You can share the dining room with those officers-- Robert, Earl of Grantham : No. Isobel Crawley : We all have to make sacrifices. Robert, Earl of Grantham : No! Dr Clarkson : Then we'll have tables set up in the Great Hall for the mobile officers and for the nurses. And Lady Grantham, I know you'll be happy about one decision. Lady Grantham asked that the house management might be put into the hands of Corporal Barrow, your former footman, Thomas. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Thomas? In charge of Downton? Cora, Countess of Grantham : No, that's what I thought at first. But he isn't a footman now, he's a soldier. He's worked in medicine. Dr Clarkson : The point is, someone has to run the place who's had medical training. Isobel Crawley : But I really feel-- Robert, Earl of Grantham : The men won't accept the authority of a corporal. Dr Clarkson : I've thought of that. I told my commanding officer that Lady Grantham had asked for Corporal Barrow, and he's prepared to have him raised to the rank of acting sergeant. Robert, Earl of Grantham : But can you spare him? Dr Clarkson : We can. I've gone to some trouble to do so. [Isobel is obviously not pleased with the arrangement. Cora is extremely pleased with the arrangement.] Dr Clarkson : Sergeant Barrow will manage the daily running of Downton and I shall be in overall charge. Robert, Earl of Grantham : But you have the hospital. Aren't we missing a tier. Surely there should be someone here permanently who is under you, but over Thomas. Dr Clarkson : That's correct. And I will make a decision before long. Until then, I do assure you, Corporal Barrow is very efficient. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : I say, good. If someone's to manage things, let it be our creature. Isobel Crawley : Why? Are you planning to divide his loyalties? Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : I wouldn't say I was planning it. Mr Carson : William has asked to stay here, my lord. Just for a night. On his way to active duty in France. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Good. I should like to see him. Mr Carson : I don't suppose there's any way we can keep him from harm? Him being an only child and all. We'd hate for anything to happen. [Lang froze in the middle of fixing Robert's cufflinks.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : Thank you, Lang, I can do the rest. Mr Lang : Very sorry, my lord. [Lang leaves.] Mr Carson : To get back to the notion of Thomas as the manager of Downton. Robert, Earl of Grantham : He won't be a manager in that sense, but Her Ladyship fixed it all with Clarkson, and she was so pleased I didn't know what to say. Mr Carson : I cannot have him working here because he is a thief? Robert, Earl of Grantham : You know she's ignorant of Thomas's crimes. We agreed, at the time, that would be best. And, anyway, is it honourable in us to hold Thomas's sins against him when he has been wounded in the service of the king? Mr Carson : And who is to be in charge over Thomas? Robert, Earl of Grantham : You mean, under Dr Clarkson? Well, we asked today, but he hasn't decided. Mr Carson : So, we just make it up as we go along. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Unless you've got a better idea. O'Brien : Are you still here, Mr Branson? [They all stand as Mr Carson enters.] Mr Carson : Why don't you stay and have something to eat. Ethel : Mr Branson's been telling us the news from Russia. Mr Carson : And what news is that? Branson : Kerensky's been made Prime Minister, but he won't go far enough for me. Lenin denounces the bourgeoisie along with the tsar. He wants a people's revolution. That's what I'm waiting for. Won't be long now. Mr Carson : And what happened to the tsar? Branson : Imprisoned in the Alexander Palace with all his family. Mrs Patmore : Oh, what a dreadful thing. Branson : They won't hurt them. Why would they? Anna : To make an example. Branson : Give them some credit. This is a new dawn, a new age of government. No one wants to start it with the murder of a bunch of young girls. Mr Lang : You don't know that. Nobody knows who will get killed when these things start. Look at her nephew. Shot for cowardice. [Mrs Patmore, and everyone else, stares at him in shock.] Mr Lang : Who would've guess that when he was saying hello to the neighbours, or kissing his mother goodnight. [Daisy rushes in.] Daisy : Can you look at the crumble? I think it should come out, but it's five minutes earli-- than you said. [Mrs Patmore rushes out crying.] Mr Lang : I'm sorry. I never thought. [Mrs Hughes gets up from the table to go after Mrs Patmore.] Mrs Hughes : You should think, Mr Lang. You're not the only member of the walking wounded in this house. Mr Carson : Why are you coming in this way? Thomas : I'm the manager here now, Mr Carson. Or had you forgotten? Mr Carson : No, I have not forgotten. And will you be moving into your old room, or should we prepare a guest bedroom? Thomas : I'll sleep in my old room, thanks. So, are we ready for the big invasion? 'Cause they'll be here at tea time. Mr Carson : We'll have to be ready, won't we, Thomas? Thomas : We will, Mr Carson. And it's Sergeant Barrow now. Mr Carson : Acting Sergeant, I believe. [Robert wanders around the large library, which is now set up as the officers' recreation room. A nurse pulls out a screen to block of the small library. Lady Grantham looks unhappily at the great hall, now set up as the dining hall for the officers. The family walks out the front door to welcome the officers.] Isobel Crawley : How many [?] are there? Dr Clarkson : Thirty-six. Isobel Crawley : Thirty-six? Right. Well, we'll get back to you. Dr Clarkson : Quick as you can, gentlemen. Driver, use that road here and go straight into the hospital. Robert, Earl of Grantham : This way, please, gentlemen. Isobel Crawley : ..suffered from mustard gas, and must be [?]. Lady Sybil : Okay. [Sybil walks into the house and speaks to a nurse and officer on crutches in the front hall.] Lady Sybil : Don't worry, we'll see to you. [Sybil continues into the house.] Thomas : Major Bryant, you're in the Armada Bedroom. Do you mind the stairs? Major Bryant : Depends on what I find at the top. [Ethel catches sight of Major Bryant] Ethel : He's handsome. O'Brien : Handsome and off limits. Ethel : It'll be nice to have the house full of men. Anna : Full of officers. Officers aren't men. Not where we're concerned. Ethel : Oh, speak for yourself. Anna : Speak for you too if you know what's good for you. [Matthew enters and touches his mother's arm.] Isobel Crawley : I'm very sorry, but I-- [She looks up.] Isobel Crawley : Matthew! What in the world are you doing here? Matthew Crawley : Well, we start our tour of Yorkshire and Lancashire tomorrow and General Strutt knew you lived up here, so he's given me a few hours off. Isobel Crawley : What a lovely-- [She kisses his cheek.] Isobel Crawley : Lovely surprise. Mrs Hughes : Mrs Crawley, how can we separate the hospital's linen from our own? [Mary enters to pick up a tray of carafes and freezes when she catches sight of Matthew.] Matthew Crawley : You go. We'll talk later. Lady Edith : As soon as I've done this, I'll take your orders for books. Officer 1 : Thank you. Officer 2 : Nurse? Nurse : Do you need help with [?]? Officer 2 : No, I'm fine. [Mary distributes the carafes in the room.] Matthew Crawley : I hadn't cast you as Florence Nightingale. Lady Mary : We can't leave all the moral high ground to Sybil. She might get lonely there. How are you? I--I know I mustn't ask you what you're doing. Matthew Crawley : You can ask what I'm doing in Downton. We've finished in the Midlands, and tomorrow we start in the camps in the northern counties. Lady Mary : Ah. Will we see something of you? Matthew Crawley : I think my general ought to come here. It's exactly the sort of thing people like to read about. Isobel Crawley : Sybil, come, Edith can do that. Matthew Crawley : Dear Mother. She does love a bit of authority. I suppose she's driving Cousin Cora mad. Lady Mary : No names, no pack drill. [Mary puts a finger over her lips and they both smile.] Doctor : Breathe in. [The doctor holds a stethoscope to Branson's chest as he breathes in.] Doctor : And out. [Branson exhales. The doctor takes off the stethoscope and fills out the medical form.] Doctor : I'm surprised they didn't get you before now. Branson : Some people have all the luck, sir. Doctor : You can get dressed. [Branson buttons up his shirt.] Branson : Shall I report for duty in Richmond? Doctor : You'll be told what to do. Thomas : But I must supervise the medical staff. Isobel Crawley : Overseen by me. And Carson, I'm relying on you to make that that is-- [Cora enters with Mrs Hughes behind her.] Cora, Countess of Grantham : What's going on? Isobel Crawley : I was arranging the household duties where they overlap with the duties of the nursing staff. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Shall we continue this upstairs? Isobel Crawley : Well, I've made some charts and-- [Cora gives her a severe look.] Isobel Crawley : Of course. [Isobel and Cora leave.] Ethel : Did you say you were the manager or the referee? O'Brien : You can see what we're up against. Thomas : Don't worry, we'll find a solution. Cora, Countess of Grantham : You take over every room in the house, you bark at me like a sergeant major, and you give orders to my servants. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Cora, I'm sure Cousin-- [Mary enters.] Lady Mary : I'm sorry, are you in the middle of something? Dr Clarkson : We're discussing the arrangements. Lady Mary : Oh, good, because we've had a letter from Evelyn Napier. He's in a hospital in Middlesbrough and he's heard that we're a convalescent home now, and wonders if he can come here once he's released. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Of course he can come here. Dr Clarkson : Well, now, just a minute. Isobel Crawley : There's no question of him coming here. Cora, Countess of Grantham : What? Isobel Crawley : The Middlesbrough General will have their own arrangements for where their patients convalesce. Dr Clarkson : I'm afraid Mrs Crawley is right. Downton must function as part of the official system, or it cannot function at all. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Now, I think, perhaps, I should make one thing clear. Downton is our house and our home, and we will welcome in it any friends or any relations we choose. And if you do not care to accept that condition, then I suggest you give orders for the nurses, and the patients, and the beds, and the rest of it, to be packed up and shipped out at once! [Cora holds in a smile.] Dr Clarkson : Thank you, Lord Grantham, for making your position so clear. [Clarkson clears his throat and starts to leave.] Isobel Crawley : Oh, just one more thing. The dog. What should we do to stop Isis getting into the patients' rooms? Robert, Earl of Grantham : I can answer that. Absolutely nothing. Isobel Crawley : Ah. Lady Mary : Anna, there you are. Ethel, could you leave us for a moment? [Ethel leaves and closes the door behind her.] Lady Mary : That was Sir Richard on the telephone. It might have been Bates you saw in the village. Anna : Really? Lady Mary : He's working up here at a pub. The Red Lion in Kirkbymoorside. Anna : That's odd. Mr Bates in a pub. Lady Mary : The question's what'll you do with the information now you've got it. Lady Sybil : Would you just take this into the hall for me? Nurse : Yes, of course. [The nurse goes inside and Sybil goes to Branson.] Lady Sybil : Are you waiting for Papa? Do you want me to go and find him? Branson : They turned me down. The army. Lady Sybil : Why? Branson : Apparently I have a heart murmur. Or, to be more precise... [Branson picks up the letter on car seat.] Branson : A mitral valve prolapse is causing a pansystolic murmur. Lady Sybil : I don't know what to say. Is it dangerous. Branson : Only if you're planning to humiliate the British army. I suppose you're glad. Lady Sybil : You're not going to be killed and you're not going to prison, of course I'm glad! Branson : Don't count your chickens. If I don't get them one way, I'll get them another. Lady Sybil : Why do you have to be so angry all the time? I know we weren't exactly at our best in Ireland-- Branson : Not at your best? Not at your best? I lost a cousin in the Easter Rising last year. Lady Sybil : You never said. Branson : Well, I'm saying it now. He was walking down North King's Street one day and an English soldier saw him and shot him dead. When they asked why he was killed, the officer said, "Because he was probably a rebel." So don't say you were not at your best. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Sorry to keep you waiting, but we're going to have to step on it. [Branson opens the door for Robert, a furious expression still on his face. He glares at Sybil as he gets in the car and takes off.] Lady Edith : I'm not sure about Marriott. Officer : Oh, not to worry. Lady Edith : I know we've got lots of G.A. Henty. Officer : Thank you very much. Lady Edith : And I haven't forgotten about your tobacco, Captain Ames, just as soon as I can get into the village. [Mrs Hughes catches Ethel flirting with Major Bryant outside. She tucks a blanket around his legs.] Ethel : Is that better? Major Bryant : Much. But I'm gonna need some more tucking very soon. Ethel : Well, no one tucks better than I do. Mrs Hughes : Ethel. Go back inside please. There are still more bedrooms to be done. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Rosamund's going to find out. She knows some of those feebleminded idiots on the liberal front bench. Lady Mary : Poor Lavinia. I feel sorry for her. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : She's an obstacle to your happiness, dear, and must be removed. When it's done, you can feel as sorry as you wish. Lady Mary : But even if Matthew does break it off with her, why should he propose to me again? Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : With your permission, dear, I'll take my fancies one at a time. Ethel : Any plans for your afternoon off? Major Bryant wants me to go to the pictures in York with him when he's allowed out. But you'll say that's stupid. Anna : Not stupid. Insane. Ethel : But he really likes me, though. He says he wants to get to know me better. Anna : Has he told you how he's planning how to achieve it? Ethel : Spoil sport. What you up to? Anna : Just practicing with these for Lady Mary. [?] Mr Bates : It's one and eight. [Bates sees Anna.] Customer : There you go. Anna : Might I have a glass of cider? [Bates hands the customer his change.] Customer : Thank you. [The customer leaves and Anna approaches the bar.] Mr Bates : I don't know if I've dreaded this moment or longed for it. Anna : Well, either way, it's happened. Lady Rosamund : I'm glad I'm in time for tomorrow's state visit. I gather Lavinia will be there. [Mary rolls her eyes.] Lady Rosamund : We must seize the opportunity to challenge her. Lady Mary : I don't really see on what basis. Lady Rosamund : She stole secrets from her uncle, Jonathan Swire, and gave them to Carlisle to publish, Swire told me. Lady Mary : And the paper showed that half the cabinet were trying to get rich by buying shares before a government contract was announced. Would you rather we were kept in ignorance? Lady Rosamund : It wasn't Lavinia's business to make it public. Without her, the Marconi scandal would never have happened. Lady Mary : The politicians broke the law. Lavinia did nothing wrong. [Violet regards Mary with surprise.] Lady Rosamund : She drags the chancellor of the exchequer's honour through the mud and you say it's nothing. Lady Mary : It was only Lloyd George. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : But why did she betray her uncle to Sir Richard in the first place? Lady Rosamund : Because... Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Oh-- Lady Rosamund : They were lovers. And now it's down to you to save Matthew from the clutches of a scheming harlot. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Really, Rosamund, there's no need to be so gleeful. You sound like Robespierre lopping off the head of Marie Antoinette. [Violet laughs.] 
 
 Mr Bates : It was me. I knew you used to go to the village on Wednesday. I so longed for a glimpse of you. Anna : But why're you up here at all? And why didn't you tell me? Mr Bates : Because I want to get things settled first. You see, I've discovered that Vera has been unfaithful to me. I've got proof. Anna : You can't criticise her for that. Mr Bates : No, but it means I can divorce her. I've had to leave the house to prove that it has broken the marriage. So I came up here to be nearer you. Anna : But what if she fights it? Mr Bates : She can't. For her to divorce me, she needs something beyond adultery, cruelty or such like. For a husband, adultery is enough. Anna : That's not very fair to women. Mr Bates : I don't care about fairness, I care about you. The point is, I can get rid of her. If she goes quietly, I will give her money and plenty of it. If not, she leaves empty handed. Anna : And when will this be? Mr Bates : I need to get her to accept it first. She's made threats about selling stuff to the papers. Anna : What stuff? Mr Bates : Don't worry. They won't offer what I will. You've changed your hair. Anna : I was trying out Lady Mary's new curling iron. What do you think? [They smile at each other.] Mr Bates : I think I would love you however, and whatever, whenever. Anna : We don't have to wait, you know. If you want me to throw up everything and come with you, I will. Gladly. Mr Bates : I can't marry you yet. Not legally. And I won't break the law. Anna : It's not against the law to take a mistress, Mr Bates. [She takes his hands.] Mr Bates : I know you, Anna Smith, and I love you, and that is not the right path for you. But it won't be long now. [She's close to tears, but Anna nods.] O'Brien : So, you're not going to war, then? Branson : Apparently not. Is it true about Mr Crawley bringing a famous general here? O'Brien : Captain Crawley. But yes. Why? [Branson begins to plot.] Branson : No reason. Robert, Earl of Grantham : If they arrive at five, we'll walk him around the wards, then show him the recovering men at play, and after that, a fairly grand dinner. I'll tell him to bring mesquite. Mr Carson : That is my challenge, my lord. How to make the dinner sufficiently grand with no footmen in the house. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Plenty of people give dinners without footmen. Mr Carson : Not people who entertain Sir Herbert Strutt, hero of the Somme. Isobel Crawley : I'm sure he'll have seen worse things at the front than a dinner with no footmen. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Carson only wants to show the general proper respect. We will not criticise him for that. Dr Clarkson : Indeed, we will not. But I think Lord Grantham's plan is a good one, with or without footmen. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Matthew writes Miss Swire is coming down from London for it. Isobel Crawley : Really? He never said so to me. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Does he need your permission? Isobel Crawley : I think I should go around with him. Dr Clarkson : You and Lady Grantham will both come with us. Isobel Crawley : But won't you want to talk about treatments? Dr Clarkson : The treatments...and the house. [Carson and Robert exchange a look.] Captain Smiley : Miss. Lady Edith : It's Captain Smiley, isn't it? [Edith sits next to the officer's bed.] Lady Edith : We haven't met yet, but I'm Edith Crawley. And tomorrow I can show you where everything is. Captain Smiley : It's just that I'd like to write a letter to my parents. Lady Edith : Of course. There's paper and envelopes in the library. Captain Smiley : No, you see, I've not written before because I--I didn't want to worry my mother with a different handwriting. [Smiley pulls his left arm out from under the sheet and his hand is missing. Edith is in shock.] Captain Smiley : I'm left-handed. How's that for luck? Lady Edith : I'm surprised your school didn't force you to use the right. Captain Smiley : My mother wouldn't let them. But now I wish they had. I've asked the others, and they say you're the one to help me. Lady Edith : Of course I will. I'd be happy to. Captain Smiley : That's what they said. If you can just find a way to tell her. Lady Edith : We'll both find a way. Together. I promise. Branson : Mr Carson, might I have a word. Mr Carson : I'm busy with this dinner for tomorrow night. Branson : Well, that's just it. I don't expect you'll be using Mr Lang, not after last time. Mr Carson : I will not. Branson : So I wondered if I might be any help. I've waited a table before. Mr Carson : Do you mean it? [Branson nods.] Mr Carson : I know I've no right to ask it of a chauffeur. Branson : We have to keep up the honour of Downton, don't we? Mr Carson : I'm very grateful, Mr Branson. I'll not hide it, very grateful, indeed. You know where to find the livery? Branson : I do. Mr Carson : And I gather you won't be leaving us after all. Branson : Who knows what the future will bring. Anna : What is it? Mrs Hughes : ...shouting. Mr Carson : What's going on? [Mrs Hughes opens the door into the men's section.] Mrs Hughes : ... to find out. Thomas : It's Mr Lang. Mrs Hughes : What in heaven's name is happening? [Mr Lang is thrashing around in his bed.] Mr Lang : No! No, I can't do it! Mr Carson : Mr Lang? Mr Lang : I can't do it! [Mr Carson shakes Mr Lang awake.] Mr Carson : You're having a bad dream, Mr Lang! You're having a dream! Mr Lang : They're soldiers, Mr Carson! I see soldiers, but I can't! [O'Brien goes to Lang's side.] Mr Lang : I can't go back no matter what! Mr Carson : No one's asking you to go back, Mr Lang. Thomas : No, just to put a sock in it. O'Brien : Don't worry, Mr Lang, you've had a bad dream, that's all. [Mr Lang looks at O'Brien.] Mr Lang : Is it a dream? [O'Brien nods. Lang begins to sob.] Mr Lang : Thank God. [Mr Carson nods to the others and they leave.] Mr Lang : Oh, thank God. Thank God. O'Brien : You're all right. Let's get you back into bed. You're all right. [O'Brien helps him lay down.] Mr Lang : I'm sorry. O'Brien : It's all right, Mr Lang. [O'Brien covers him with the blanket.] Mr Lang : I'm sorry. O'Brien : You're all right. [O'Brien looks at Mr Carson and Mrs Hughes still standing there.] O'Brien : Is it any wonder when he's been to hell and back? Matthew Crawley : My cousin, Lord Grantham. General Strutt : This is very kind of you, Lord Grantham. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Welcome. Matthew Crawley : Lady Grantham. And this is Major Clarkson who runs our hospital here. Isobel Crawley : And I am Captain Crawley's mother. And will accompany you on your tour and explain the different levels of care we practice here. [Clarkson and Matthew's expressions reveal the impropriety of Isobel putting herself forward.] Dr Clarkson : Lady Grantham and Mrs Crawley will both accompany us as we go around, sir. General Strutt : Makes a nice change from the craggy-faced warriors I'm usually surrounded by. Cora, Countess of Grantham : I'd like to think that were true. Please, come this way. Isobel Crawley : There's a large recreation room... Cora, Countess of Grantham : I don't believe you've ever been to Downton before. [Mary steps up to Matthew.] Matthew Crawley : Poor mother. She longs to hold all the reigns. General Strutt : Crawley? Matthew Crawley : I should go. If only to keep our respective mothers apart. Thomas : I'm afraid Mrs Crawley's none too pleased to play second fiddle, sir. Dr Clarkson : Well, I hope she doesn't spoil things. Thomas : Well, that's just what I've been meaning to talk to you about, sir. You see, I'm trying to run a tight ship... [O'Brien watches Thomas suspiciously. Rosamund gives Mary a significant look, then smiles at Lavinia before heading into the house, which makes Mary uncomfortable.] Lavinia : What's the matter with your aunt? Lady Mary : We should follow them in. Poor mama will say we're unsupportive. Lavinia : Tell me what it is, please. Lady Mary : All right. Daisy : I know he's going to propose. Mrs Patmore : Well, then you're going to accept. Did you get that picture taken? Daisy : I did, yeah. Mrs Patmore : Fetch it. Because if you think I'm gonna stand by and watch that boy's dreams stamped in the dust, you've got another thing coming. You can take back your promise when the war's over and not before. Daisy : But it's a lie. Mrs Patmore : Don't make him give up when he's off to face the guns. You'd never forgive yourself if ought happed. Lady Mary : Do you remember when Aunt Rosamund found you and Richard Carlisle together in the garden? Lavinia : I knew I'd hear more about that. Lady Mary : She thought he was threatening you. And now she's decided that you were behind the Marconi share scandal in 1912. The chancellor and other ministers were involved, including your uncle. Lavinia : I remember the Marconi scandal. Lady Mary : No, let's forget it. It's absurd. Lavinia : But Lady Rosamund is right. I did steal the evidence for Sir Richard to print. I did start the scandal. Lady Mary : The trouble is, Aunt Rosamund can't understand why you would do such a thing unless you and Sir Richard were... Lavinia : Were lovers. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Mary. You must come. [Mary follows her mother in shock.] Matthew Crawley : The ground floor rooms are for those men who the need most care, sir. General Strutt : Yes, of course. Captain Smiley : General Strutt, sir. General Strutt : Oh, right, yes. Tell me about this officer. Isobel Crawley : Who is that man? I hope he's not complaining. Lady Edith : Oh, no. That's Captain Smiley. He hasn't an unkind bone in his body. Lady Mary : How do you know? General Strutt : Matthew, listen to this. Matthew Crawley : Everything all right, sir? Cora, Countess of Grantham : What on earth's that about? Lady Edith : Oh, don't worry. Major Haimes can be a little waspish, but he wouldn't want to get us into trouble. Cora, Countess of Grantham : How do you know so much about a pack of strangers? Lady Edith : They're not strangers to me. General Strutt : This is all very impressive, Lady Grantham. The nurses and your own staff to be congratulated. Cora, Countess of Grantham : I believe they are. William : I wouldn't say I was scared. I'm nervous. Course I am. But not scared. I think I'm ready. [Mrs Patmore is crying.] Mrs Patmore : Don't mind me. Only I'm thinking of what your dear mother would say. William : Well, I wish she was here to see me off. Mrs Patmore : Oh, she'd be so proud. Why, when we waved off our Arch, I rememb... [Mrs Patmore breaks down.] Mrs Hughes : What do you remember Mrs Patmore? I'll tell you. You remember a fine young man who enlisted before he had to and who gave his life for his country, because he'd be alive and well today if he hadn't chosen to go to war. Daisy : She's right. Mrs Patmore : That she is. Come on, Daisy, back to the grindstone. [William stands up.] Mrs Patmore : What is it? William : I just want a word with Daisy. Daisy : I'm needed in the kitchen. Mrs Patmore : There's plenty of time later on. [Branson enters in the footman's livery, a dark expression on his face.] General Strutt : [?] my aim. Dr Clarkson : And again. Robert, Earl of Grantham : You must be enjoying your respite from the front. Matthew Crawley : Actually I'm struggling a bit. I've just lost my soldier servant and I haven't managed to replace him yet. [Mary regards Lavinia tensely.] Lady Rosamund : So, when will you tell Matthew? Mr Carson : Dinner is served, my lady. Lady Rosamund : Don't waste the opportunity. [Rosamund gets up for dinner.] Lady Mary : Why must she be so savage? It's my broken heart, and it was her advice that wrecked it in the first place. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Classic Rosamund. She's never more righteous than when she's in the wrong. Come on. Mrs Hughes : Everything all right, Mr Branson? Branson : I think so, Mrs Hughes. [Branson takes a breath and then carries a dish up the stairs.] Anna : Where's Mr Branson? Mrs Hughes : He's just taken up the soup, why? [Anna shows Mrs Hughes the note.] Anna : Read that. Mrs Hughes : "They'll have arrested me by now, but I'm not sorry. The b*st*rd had it coming to him"? [Mrs Hughes's jaw drops.] Mrs Hughes : Oh! [They run to Mr Carson.] Mr Carson  (whisper): What in God's name? Mrs Hughes  (whisper): Read this! Where is he now? Mr Carson : Oh, my God. Robert, Earl of Grantham : I'm sorry to hear about your servant. Matthew Crawley : Yes. Pneumonia and not a bullet. Branson  (whisper): No! Mr Carson  (whisper): Yes. Robert, Earl of Grantham : I don't envy you. [Branson struggles for a minute, then looks at Sybil behind him and eventually let's Carson escort him out. Mary notices as Anna follows them with the soup tray. Mr Carson shoves Branson through the door.] Mr Carson  (whisper): Get downstairs now! [Branson makes to go back through the door, but Carson twists his arm behind his back and forces him all the way to the servants' hall.] Branson : All right! All right! There's no need to be so rough! [Carson shoves him into the kitchen.] Mr Carson : There's every need! To stop a murder! Branson : Murder? What do you mean "murder"? Anna : You were going to assassinate the general! Branson : Kill the general?! I was not! [Anna lifts the lid on the soup and they all gag.] Anna : Ugh! Branson : I was going to throw that lot all over him. Anna : What is it? Branson : Oil and ink and a bit of a cow pie, all mixed with sour milk. He'd have needed a bath, right enough, but not a coffin! [Mrs Patmore turns her head away as she pours it down the sink.] Daisy : I thought you'd taken the soup up, but you left it in the pantry. [Mrs Hughes grabs a copper pot from the shelf.] Mrs Hughes : We'll use this. It's not bee heated, but the hell with that! And we'll decide what happens to you later. Mr Carson : Nevermind later, what about now? How do we keep this dinner going? William : I'll serve, Mr Carson. I don't mind. Who knows when I'll have the chance again? Robert, Earl of Grantham : What was going on with the soup? It came, it went. Mr Carson : Nothing to worry about, my lord. Branson was taken ill so William volunteered to be footman one last time. You don't mind, do you? Robert, Earl of Grantham : Oh, not a bit. It was very kind of him. [Carson leaves.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : Our footman, William, is leaving us tomorrow to join his regiment, that's why he's not in livery. General Strutt : Well, you're a credit to this house and this country, young man. There is no livery so becoming as a uniform. WILLIAM (nods) 
Sir. [Robert nods to William.] Matthew Crawley : Lady Rosamund, Mary, all of you, have been so kind to Lavinia. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Well, naturally. We're all curious to know more of Miss Swire if she's to reign over Downton's queen. Matthew Crawley : Dear me, I hope you haven't unearthed anything too fearful. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : You must ask Mary. [Many significant looks are exchanged.] General Strutt : One thing I'm still not quite clear about. Who, precisely, is in charge of Downton when you're not here? Dr Clarkson : I've given it some thought, sir, and it seems to be only fair that Mrs Crawley... [Isobel smiles] Dr Clarkson : ...and Lady Grantham... [Isobel's smile fades. Cora smiles very happily.] Dr Clarkson : ...should share that responsibility. General Strutt : Capital. Well said. [Thomas and O'Brien, listening in, smirk at each other.] General Strutt : The fact is, I have been more than gratified by my visit here today, and I thank Captain Crawley for arranging it. [Matthew nods.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : Here, here. General Strutt : You are all to be praised for your response to our national crisis, but I've been talking and I've been listening, and I feel there is one among you whose generosity is in danger of going unremarked. [Both Isobel and Cora wait expectantly.] General Strutt : It seems the daily cares and needs of the patients are being dealt with quietly and efficiently by Lady Edith. [Surprised, everyone stares at Edith.] General Strutt : Or that's what the officers tell me. So, let us raise our glasses and drink her health. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Edith. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Darling. ALL 
Lady Edith. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Edith, dear. [Edith smiles in wonder of the compliment.] Lavinia : We were never lovers. Not ever. Lady Mary : You don't have to explain anything. Not to me. Lavinia : But I want to. You see, my father owed Sir Richard Carlisle a lot of money. Enough to bankrupt him. Lady Mary : And Sir Richard offered to waive the debt if you gave him the evidence of the minister's guilt. Lavinia : Papa was terrified, and I knew I could get into my uncle's office and find the proof. Lady Mary : What is it? Lavinia : He threatened to tell you all about it, and now I've told you anyway. My uncle was guilty. They all were. Sir Richard didn't make it up. Lady Mary : I believe you. Lavinia : But that's not why I did it. It was entirely to save Papa from ruin. Cora, Countess of Grantham  (OOV): I'll-- I'll just go and check if everything's ready. William : Have you got that picture for me? Daisy : I might have. [Daisy pulls the photo out of her pocket and hands it to William. He looks at it for a moment.] William : Because...you know what I'm going to ask you, so...will you? Daisy : William, you're not sure. You can't be sure. William : I am sure. Mrs Patmore : So is she. Aren't you, Daisy? Isn't this just what you told me you hoped would happen? It's like a fairy story. [Daisy is speechless by Mrs Patmore's deceptive betrayal.] William : Is she right? Daisy are-- are we engaged? Because, if we are, I know I can tackle whatever may come. [Daisy hesitates as she looks mortified between Mrs Patmore and William.] Daisy : Go on, then. [William beams and hugs Daisy.] Mrs Hughes : William?! [William lets go of Daisy.] Mrs Hughes : Do you want to go up top? The general's leaving and Mr Carson likes a full compliment. [Daisy tries to say something to Mrs Hughes.] Mrs Hughes : No, Daisy not you. The war has not changed everything. Matthew Crawley : The general's just about to leave. I'm afraid he doesn't have time to come in here. Lady Mary : I hope it's all been a success. Matthew Crawley : Cousin Violet said you had something to say to me about Lavinia. What is it? Lady Mary : I haven't the slightest idea. Matthew Crawley : What a relief. She was hinting you'd uncovered some horrid stain. Lady Mary : The only evidence I've uncovered is that she's a charming person. Matthew Crawley : What a testimonial. Lady Mary : The truth is, we're very much alike. So, naturally, I think she's perfect. [Matthew chuckles.] Lady Mary : We all do. Don't we? Aunt Rosamund? Lady Rosamund : Quite perfect. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Is there any chance you might take our footman, William, for your servant? I can pull some strings, get him transferred to your lot. Matthew Crawley : If you'd like me to, of course. I can't promise to keep him safe. Robert, Earl of Grantham : I know, but...he'd have someone looking out for him. Oh, my God. [Robert sees Lang shaking.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : Lang, are you all right, old chap? [Lang grabs onto Robert and buries his head in his chest.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : Come, come, man. Things can't be as bad as all that. Carson. Mr Carson : Mr Lang, what happened? Mr Lang : The general and all these officers, I don't have to go back with them, do I? Because I can't. Robert, Earl of Grantham : No. Mr Carson : The general's looking for you, my lord. Matthew Crawley  (to the general): Excuse me a moment. Robert, Earl of Grantham : It's been a great pleasure having you... Matthew Crawley  (to Lavinia): If I don't see you again before I have to go back, be safe. [Matthew kisses her hand.] Matthew Crawley  (to Mary): You, too. [Mary nods. Mr Carson steps in front of Mr Lang to hide him from the departing company, O'Brien comforts Lang.] Mr Carson : Here. We've earned it. Mrs Hughes : Ah. So, what will you do with him? Mr Carson : Branson or Lang? Mrs Hughes : Not Mr Lang. He isn't well, but he's not a bad man. Mr Carson : No, not at all. But he doesn't belong at Downton. Mrs Hughes : Mm. I meant Mr Branson. Mr Carson : Mm, it's a delicate business, Mrs Hughes. Would we really be right to tell the police and cause a furore and bring riot down on our heads? And all because he wanted to pour a pot of slop over a man's head? Mrs Hughes : From your phrasing, I gather the answer you want from me is "no"? Mr Carson : Well, would it help, Mrs Hughes? That's all I'm asking. Would it help? Ethel : Where is Mr Branson? Anna : Mr Carson sent him back to his cottage to stew in his own juice. Will we see you in the morning, William? To wish you luck? William : Oh, yes. But I've got something I'd like to say now. [William takes Daisy's hand.] William : If you don't mind. Daisy : Don't, not yet. William : They must know sooner or later. Daisy and I are going to be married. Ethel : You never are! When?! Daisy : After the war. William : I'm not sure I can wait that long. [Daisy looks worriedly at Mrs Patmore.] Mr Carson : I see what I planned to say is already superfluous, Mr Lang. You got there before me. Mr Lang : I've let you down, Mr Carson. For that I'm sorry. Mr Carson : We let you down. You weren't suited for work, and I should've spotted that. You'll have two months' wages, and please tell us how you get on. And when you're ready work again, you may rely on a good report from me. Mr Lang : That's kind. Thank you. Cora, Countess of Grantham : It's nice of William to serve tonight. He didn't have to. Robert, Earl of Grantham : I'm going to arrange for him to be Matthew's servant. With any luck, it'll keep him out of trouble. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Matthew and Mary look so natural together, did you notice? Talking and laughing. But I suppose Lavinia's a nice girl. Robert, Earl of Grantham : We've dreamed a dream, my dear, but now it's over. The world was in a dream before, but now it's woken up and said goodbye to it. And so must we. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 