Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x07 - Episode Seven - Downton Abbey 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x07 - Episode Seven https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=151&t=9205 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 11/12/11 21:56 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x07 - Episode Seven 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [OPENING CREDITS] 
 
[EXT. DOWNTON ABBEY, FRONT DOOR - MORNING] 
[Edith watches an army hospital truck leave.] 1919 [Mrs Hughes joins Edith.] Lady Edith : That's the last of the equipment gone. Mrs Hughes : The maids have put the drawing room back to normal. [The dog follows Robert around the house.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : I'm walking down to the village. I want to have a word with Travis. Cora, Countess of Grantham : You know that Richard will be here any moment. Robert, Earl of Grantham : That's why I'm telling you. Give him my excuses, I'll see him at dinner. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Is there any news on the Bates situation? Robert, Earl of Grantham : Not that I'm aware of. Cora, Countess of Grantham : So, you still want to keep him on? Robert, Earl of Grantham : Cora, Bates's wife has committed suicide. It's very sad, of course, but not, when I last looked, a reason to sack him. Cora, Countess of Grantham : They've taken the rest of the beds. Robert, Earl of Grantham : So, that's the finish of it. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Not quite. We still have Matthew. And I wanted to ask you, isn't it time he went home? Robert, Earl of Grantham : I see. You want to throw him out. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Robert! I want him to learn to be as independent as he can, and I want Mary to get on with her life. What's wrong with that? Robert, Earl of Grantham : Is there something you're not telling me? Cora, Countess of Grantham : What do you mean? Robert, Earl of Grantham : About Mary and Matthew. Some element you haven't told me? Cora, Countess of Grantham : Of course not! You're being silly. Robert, Earl of Grantham : If thinking that trying to protect Mary with a ring of steel is silly, then, yes, I am very silly. [Robert leaves angrily.] Lavinia : Seriously. They have special [?] now. [Carson puts the tray down.] Matthew : You shouldn't be doing that. Mr Carson : Let us hope the end of the war brings the return of the footmen, Mr Crawley. Lavinia : Do you think they will return? Mr Carson : I certainly hope so. Matthew : I'm sure Sir Richard can buy you a dozen when you get to Hacksby. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Let me. Jane : Oh. No, my lord, I can manage it. [Robert helps her pick up the apples.] Jane : The handle broke. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Aren't we feeding you? Jane : They're from my mother's apple store. She always loads me up. [They stand up.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : How is your boy doing? Er, Freddy? Jane : Yes, Freddy. He's doing very well. Robert, Earl of Grantham : I wrote to the headmaster of Ripon Grammar. I said to look out for him. Jane : Tha-- that's so kind, my lord. Robert, Earl of Grantham : I hope it works. I don't really see why it should, but you never know. I suppose you miss your husband very much. Jane : Of course. But I have Freddy. And when you think of what some families have gone through... Robert, Earl of Grantham : I know. Almost thirty dead on this estate alone. And the Elkins down at Longway lost three out of four sons. Mrs Carter's only boy was killed a-- a month before the end of the war. Poor Wililam. And then there's Matthew. [Robert mourns all of these losses in a pathetic tone and Jane's heart goes out to him.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : Do you ever wonder what it was all for? [They're distracted by an approaching motorcar.] Jane : I better go in, my lord. [Jane walks off toward the servants' entrance and Robert walks toward the front door. Sir Richard's car pulls up. Robert joins him as he steps out.] Sir Richard Carlisle : The train was late. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Welcome to the new world. Sir Richard Carlisle : When a war is over, the first emotion is relief, the second, disappointment. Robert, Earl of Grantham : How sad. But how true. Come in and have some tea. Anna : Will you miss the extra staff, Mrs Patmore? Mrs Patmore : Not really. When push comes to shove, I'd rather do it myself. Though God knows what I'm to feed them on. There's nothing out there to be had. Oh well. The Lord tempers the wind to the shorn lamb. Daisy Mason : What about you, Thomas? How much longer will you stay? Thomas : Well, now the last of the invalids have gone, I suppose I'm finished. I'll report to Major Clarkson, but he won't be taking anyone on. Anna : I suppose the hospital will revert to the way it was before the war. Daisy Mason : Where will you go? Thomas : What's it to you? [Thomas leaves and O'Brien follows him.] O'Brien : Where will you go? Thomas : I'll tell you where I'm going. Into business. It's all set up. O'Brien : Do you mean black market business? Thomas : Don't look so surprised. I found a dealer, and as soon as I make the payment, I'll have the supplies. O'Brien : Where will you keep them? Thomas : I've got a shed in the village, and I've got a [?] to deliver the stuff. I'll be well fixed as soon as word gets out. You heard her. There are shortages all around. O'Brien : Isn't it dangerous? Thomas : I don't think so. I don't think the police are bothered about rationing now the war's over. It won't last forever. But by the time it's done, I should have enough to go into business properly. O'Brien : So that's your future settled as a plutocrat. In the meantime, have you found somewhere to live? Thomas : Not yet, but there's no hurry. I'm sure they won't object if I stop here for a week or two. O'Brien : I shouldn't bet on it. [The dressing gong rings and the servants get up to prepare.] Mr Bates : I nearly put out the new, milord, but then Mr Carson said the Dowager was dining here. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Quite right. Mustn't frighten the horses. By the way, Her Ladyship was asking if there's any more news about Mrs Bates. Mr Bates : I don't think so, milord. They'd like to know why she did it, but I don't suppose we ever shall. Robert, Earl of Grantham : You think she'd leave a note. Mr Bates : Perhaps it was a spur of the moment decision. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Well, it can't have been, can it? And wouldn't she have to get hold of the stuff? [Bates seems surprised and disturbed.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : Please forgive me, I was thinking aloud. We'll drop the subject. Sir Richard Carlisle : Anna? [She stops and Carlisle steps out of his room.] Sir Richard Carlisle : It is Anna, isn't it? Anna : Yes, sir. Sir Richard Carlisle : I want to ask a favour of you. Anna : Of me, Sir Richard? Sir Richard Carlisle : You. I've been waiting for you. I wonder if you could step into my room for a moment. [Anna hesitates, about to protest, but checks that no one is in the corridor and follows him in.] Sir Richard Carlisle : You attend Lady Mary and her sisters, don't you? In addition to your other duties Anna : I do, sir, yes. Sir Richard Carlisle : You must be kept very busy. I hope it's worth your while. Because I would be very willing to increase your stipend. Anna : If this is about coming with Lady Mary when you marry, it's very good of you, sir, but you see, my fiancé Mr Bates works here and I don't think that I-- Sir Richard Carlisle : No, it's-- it's not that. Although, it's a pity. Lady Mary's very fond of you. Anna : That's kind. Sir Richard Carlisle : You see, I'm anxious to make Lady Mary happy. Anna : Of course you are, sir. Sir Richard Carlisle : And to that end, I feel I need to know a great deal more about her than I do. Our customs are so strange in this country. A couple is hardly allowed a moment alone together before they walk down the aisle. Anna : I'm not sure I understand, sir. Sir Richard Carlisle : I'd like to know more about her interests. Where she goes, whom she sees, what she says to them. Anna : Excuse me, sir, do you mean you want me to give you a report of Lady Mary's actions? Sir Richard Carlisle : It'll be extra work, but I'm happy to pay. Anna : I'm sure. But I'm afraid I wouldn't have the time. Thank you, sir. Sir Richard Carlisle : Well, it's your choice, of course. [Anna turns to go.] Sir Richard Carlisle : I'd be grateful if you didn't mention this to Lady Mary. I wouldn't want her to think I was checking up on her. [Anna gives him a disgusted look and leaves.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : I nearly came down in a dinner jacket tonight. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Really? Well, why not a dressing gown? Or, better still, pyjamas? Robert, Earl of Grantham : That's why I didn't. Isobel Crawley : I like the new fashions. Shorter skirts, looser cuts. The old clothes were all very well if one spent the day on a chaise longue, but if one wants to get anything done, the new clothes are much better. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : I'll stick to the chaise longue. Lady Sybil : Granny, you don't really want things to go back to the way they were, surely? Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Of course I do. And as quickly as possible. Lady Sybil : What about you, Papa? Robert, Earl of Grantham : Before the war, I believed my life had value. I suppose I should like to feel that again. [Awkward silence.] Lady Mary : Have you seen the boys' haircuts the women are wearing in Paris? Matthew : I hope you won't try that. [Mary looks over at him in surprise and Violet looks curiously between them.] Lady Mary : I might. Lavinia : I'm not sure how feminine it is. Lady Mary : I'm not sure how feminine I am. Sir Richard Carlisle : Very, I'm glad to say. [Edith grins in amusement.] Cora, Countess of Grantham : Carson, I keep forgetting to tell Mrs Hughes we've had a letter from Major Bryant's mother. She and her husband are in Yorkshire on Friday and she wants to pay us a visit. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Why? Cora, Countess of Grantham : The last time they saw him alive it was here. I can understand. Mr Carson : Will they be staying, my lady? Cora, Countess of Grantham : No, but we'll give them luncheon. That way, they can talk about the Major with all of us who knew him. [Sybil looks like she's trying to contain her irritation toward the insipid conversation.] Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : That lets me out, thank heaven. Branson : You look very fine. Lady Sybil : Everything I own is from my season before the war. I'm trying to wear them out. [Branson continues to check her out.] Lady Sybil : Where have you been all day? Branson : Nowhere. I've just been busy. Lady Sybil : I envy you. I feel so flat after the rush and bustle of the last two years. They were sighing for the old days at dinner, but all I could do was think about how much more I want from life now than I did then. Branson : Does this mean that you've made up your mind…at last? Lady Sybil : Not quite. But almost. [Branson looks down, slightly disappointed. Sybil touches his face and he looks up, surprised, and stares at her longingly.] Mr Carson : What do you mean, "How did she say it?"? "Mr and Mrs Bryant are coming for luncheon on Friday." Mrs Hughes : How are things over at Hacksby? Mr Carson : Pretty good. Building materials are in short supply, but Sir Richard knows how to get around that. Mrs Hughes : Hmph, I bet he does. Mr Carson : Oh, you should see some of the gadgets in the kitchens. And the bathrooms, oh, goodness me. They're like something out of a film with Theda Bara. Mrs Hughes : I'm surprised you know who Theda Bara is. Mr Carson : Oh, I get about, Mrs Hughes. I get about. Mrs Hughes : But will you be happy there? That's what want to be sure of. Mr Carson : If you're asking whether I'll regret leaving Downton, I will regret it every minute of every day. I thought I would die here and haunt it ever after. Mrs Hughes : Well, then... Mr Carson : You see, I think I can help her in those early years, when it's important to get it right. And if I can help her, then I must. Mrs Hughes : I wish I could understand. To me, Lady Mary is an upity minx who's the author of her own misfortunes. Mr Carson : You didn't know her when she was a child, Mrs Hughes. She was a guinea a [?] then. I remember once she came in here, can't have been more than four or five years old, she said, "Mr Carson, I've decided to run away and I wonder if I might take some of the silver to sell." [They chuckle.] Mr Carson : "Well," I said, "that could be awkward for His Lordship. I suppose I'll give you a sixpence to spend in the village instead." "Very well," said she, "but you must be sure to charge me interest." [They chuckle.] Mrs Hughes : And did you? Mr Carson : She gave me a kiss in full payment. Mrs Hughes : Then she had the better bargain. Mr Carson : I wouldn't say that. [Anna enters.] Anna : There you are, Mrs Hughes. They said you were in here. Might I have a word? Mrs Hughes : Of course. Shall we go to my room? Anna : There's no reason Mr Carson shouldn't hear it. In fact, I think you probably should. You see, I've had a request from Sir Richard that you ought to know about. Matthew : You've done this before. Bates, can I ask you something? If I started to feel a…tingling in my legs, what do you think that might mean? Mr Bates : Have you told Dr Clarkson? Matthew : Yes. He says it's an illusion. A memory of a tingling, or something. But, I mean, I do know my back is broken, I understand that I won't recover, but…I do keep feeling it, or I think I do. Mr Bates : I should wait and see. If something is changing, it will make itself known. Now, will that be all? Matthew : Yes, thank you. Bates...please don't tell anyone. I couldn't bear it if…Miss Swire or…Mother or…or anyone started to hope. Mr Bates : I won't say a thing. Goodnight, sir. Mrs Hughes : Morning. Morning. Mrs Hughes : I don't know why I'm doing this. I must be out of my mind. Ethel : Because you know it's my last chance. Mrs Hughes : Well, that's true. They won't be back, not after this trip. Ethel : So, what should I do? Mrs Hughes : Come to the house, but stay outside in the game larder. I'll leave some food there and a blanket, and then I'll try and find a moment alone with Mrs Bryant and tell her about little Charlie. And then, if she asks - only if she asks, mind you - I'll bring her out to see the child. Ethel : What about him? Mrs Hughes : If either of them are in the least interested, it'll be the mother. Ethel : Do you think she'll help me? Mrs Hughes : She might. Ethel : Suppose she won't see him? Mrs Hughes : Then you're no worse off than you are already. Look, I shouldn't be doing it. So, if you're not keen, then, for heaven's sake, let's forget all about it. Ethel : No. I'll be there, I promise. Lady Sybil : Doesn't it feel odd to have the rooms back? Lady Edith : And only asked to sit in them. I suppose we'll get used to it. Lady Sybil : I don't want to get used to it. Lady Edith : What do you mean? Lady Sybil : I know what it is to work now. To have a full day, to be tired in a good way. I don't want to start dress fittings and or paying calls or standing behind the guns. Lady Edith : But how does one escape all that? Lady Sybil : I think I've found a way to escape. Lady Edith : Nothing too drastic, I hope. Lady Sybil : It is drastic. There's no going back once I've done it, but that's what I want. No going back. Lady Edith : I don't want to go back either. Lady Sybil : Then don't. You're far nicer than you were before the war, you know. O'Brien : Where did you get it all? Thomas : I told you, this bloke from Leeds. O'Brien : Where did he get it? Thomas : Some's army surplus, some's from America and Ireland, everywhere. He's got contacts all over, that's what I'm paying him for. O'Brien : How much have you paid him? Thomas : A lot. But I'm not worried. I'm taking nothing perishable. This lot'll last for months. I'll be sold out long before any of it's gone off. O'Brien : Starting with Mrs Patmore. Lady Mary : But Carson, if you're abandoning me, I think I deserve to know the reason why. Mr Carson : I do not believe that Sir Richard and I would work well together. Lady Mary : But there must be more to it than that. You knew what Sir Richard was like. We were to educate him together, you and I. Wasn't that the plan? Mr Carson : Sir Richard offered Anna a sum of money to report your activities to him. Whom you saw, what you said... Lady Mary : He wanted her to spy on me. Mr Carson : Naturally, he used a different word. Lady Mary : Naturally. And she refused? Mr Carson : She refused, and she reported the offer to Mrs Hughes and me. Lady Mary : Well, I wish she'd come to me first. So, you mean you'd be uncomfortable working for a spymaster? How disappointing of you. And I always thought you were fond of me. [Carson is shocked. Carlisle enters from outside.] Sir Richard Carlisle : Ah, there you are. I had a quick walk before dinner. Lady Mary : We ought to get changed first. Mr Carson : Will that be all, my lady? Yes, Carson. Thank you. I think that will be all. Carson has decided not to come with us to Hacksby. Sir Richard Carlisle : Ah, I'm sorry. Is there anything I can say to change your mind? Mr Carson : I'm afraid not, sir. [Carson leaves.] Sir Richard Carlisle : What a shame. Lady Mary : Not really. Butlers will be two a penny now they're all back from the war. [Mr Carson hears that just before he closes the door.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : I gather Carson was looking for me. Jane : Erm, sh--shall I go and find him, milord? Robert, Earl of Grantham : It's all right. Tell him I'll be in the dressing room. Has he done the red wine yet? Jane : Er, it's over here, milord. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Ah. I'm pleased. [Robert walks into the cupboard to look at the wine.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : It's a new one on me. I had some at a dinner in London and ordered it. Carson thought we might try it tonight. [Jane nods.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : Well, I better go up. Jane : You made me sad yesterday, wondering what the war was for. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Oh, don't listen to me. I'm a foolish man who's lost his way and don't quite know how to find it again. [Robert thinks for a moment, looking down at Jane, who is standing just within kissing distance. He leans forward and grabs her suddenly and kisses her. She makes slightly desperate noises as he kisses her, not knowing exactly what to do. He lets her go.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : I'm terribly sorry. Please try to forgive me. [Robert starts to walk off.] Jane : I do forgive you. [He pauses for a moment, and then continues walking. Jane rushes down to the servants' corridor and meets Mr Carson.] Jane : Oh, Mr Carson, er, His Lordship said you were looking for him. Mr Carson : And? Jane : And, er...w-- I was to say that you'd find him in the dressing room. Mr Carson : What's the matter with you? Jane : Nothing. [Jane rushes off and slips by Anna in the corridor.] Mr Carson : I wrestled with it, my lord, I don't mind admitting. And I wanted to be there to help Lady Mary, and-- Robert, Earl of Grantham : And protect her from Sir Richard. Mr Carson : Well, I...wouldn't quite have put it like that, but...yes, I suppose. Only-- Robert, Earl of Grantham : Only you felt you couldn't work for a man who would offer a bribe. Mr Carson : That is correct, my lord. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Are you quite sure you won't regret it? I know how fond you are of Lady Mary. Mr Carson : But I couldn't work for a man that I don't respect, and I certainly couldn't have left Downton for him. Robert, Earl of Grantham : I shall take that as a compliment, for myself and for my house. Lady Mary : I still don't see why you didn't tell me first. Anna : I'm sorry milady, but I didn't want to add to your troubles. Lady Mary : Well, you have done, whether you wanted to or not. [Anna is upset by Mary's reprimand.] Matthew : Nobody's down yet. Lavinia : They won't be long. Oh, look. They've cleared the tea, but forgotten to take that tray. Matthew : Ring the bell. Lavinia : I'll do it. They'll be busy getting dinner ready. Matthew : It's too heavy for you. Lavinia : No, it's not. [Lavinia trips over a footstool.] Matthew : Look out! [Matthew stands up, trying to catch Lavinia, but she drops the tray and falls against the mantel.] Lavinia : Heavens, that was a near thing. [Matthew takes her arm and they both realize he's standing.] Lavinia : My God. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Mary! Girls! Cora, come at once. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Robert, wait. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Everyone come at once! Lady Mary : What is it? What's happened? Robert, Earl of Grantham : Come and see this! [They rush into the library.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : Is it true? Is it true what Lavinia says? [Lavinia goes to Matthew and he takes her hand to help himself stand up. The family is stunned with joy.] Lady Mary : I can't believe it! Cora, Countess of Grantham : It's so wonderful! Lady Sybil : It is, but don't tire yourself out. Sit down now and we'll send for Dr Clarkson. Robert, Earl of Grantham : She's right. Edith, go with Branson. Ge--get Clarkson, but fetch Mama and Cousin Isobel as well. I don't care what they're doing. Tell them to come now. My dear chap, I cannot begin to tell you what this means to me. Matthew : Well, it's pretty good news for me, too. [Robert laughs in relief.] Dr Clarkson : There is only one possible explanation. It starts with my own mistake. Every indication told me that the spine was transected, which would have been incurable. Robert, Earl of Grantham : But when Sir John Coats came to see Matthew, he agreed with you. Dr Clarkson : Well, he didn't, not entirely. He thought that it could conceivably be a case of spinal shock. That is, erm, intense bruising, which was sufficiently severe to impede the leg mechanism. Lady Mary : But which would heal. Lavinia : Why didn't you tell us? Dr Clarkson : Because I didn't agree with him, and I didn't want to raise Captain Crawley's hopes to no purpose. Matthew : I understand. And I don't blame you. Dr Clarkson : You must take it slowly. Rome wasn't built in a day. Matthew : I know. Dr Clarkson : And I'm afraid you will carry a bruise on your spine for the rest of your life. Matthew : But I will have a life. Dr Clarkson : Yes. I think we can say that you will have a normal life, and it won't be long in coming. Isobel Crawley : My darling boy. My darling boy. [Isobel gets up to kiss him.] Mr Carson : Excuse me, my lord, but Mrs Hughes was wondering what she should do about dinner. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Er, you'll all stay for dinner, won't you? Dr Clarkson : I'm afraid I'm not dressed. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Oh, nevermind that. Who cares about that? What about you, Mama? Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Oh, certainly. All this unbridled joy has given me quite an appetite. Anna : There you are. I wondered what had happened to you. It's wonderful news, isn't it? Mr Bates : Wonderful. Are you busy? Anna : I'm just going up to help in the dining room. Why? Mr Bates : It'll keep. Anna : No, tell me. I've got time. Mr Bates : It's just, something His Lordship said recently I can't get out of my mind. How Vera must have...bought the poison and taken it home with her. Anna : Yes, I suppose she must, and it's...it's just such a terrible thing to think of. Mr Bates : But she didn't. I did. Anna : What? Mr Bates : Months ago, before I left, Vera said we needed rat poison, and I bought it. It was arsenic, and I've been thinking that's what she must've taken. Anna : Have you told the police? Mr Bates : No. Anna : Tell them. If you don't, when they find out, it'll look bad. Mr Bates : But wouldn't I be asking for trouble? Anna : You're asking for trouble if you stay silent. Mr Carson : Anna, we're starting. Anna : Sorry, Mr Carson. [Anna follows Carson upstairs.] Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Tell me, how are things progressing at Hacksby? Sir Richard Carlisle : Quite well. I've put in a condition so the builders are fined for every day they go over. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Does that make for a happy atmosphere? Sir Richard Carlisle : I want it done. They can be happy in their own time. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Why the rush? Sir Richard Carlisle : I like everything I own to be finished and ready to sell. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : You're not thinking of selling Hacksby, surely? Sir Richard Carlisle : Depends. We'll have to see if it suits us to be so close to Downton. Matthew : I—I want to tell you all something. As you know, during this - well, I think I can say – horrible time, Lavinia has proved to be the most marvellous person. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Here, here. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Indeed. Matthew : I never thought we would marry, for all sorts of reasons, but she wouldn't accept that. And so, now I'm very pleased to say that she's been proved right. [Sybil looks down, considering his words. Matthew and Lavinia hold hands at the table.] Matthew : Lavinia and I will get married. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Oh, my dear fellow. Isobel Crawley : Isn't it wonderful? [Cora looks at Mary, and Mary puts on a smile that she clearly doesn't feel.] Matthew : Just as soon as I'm well enough to walk down the aisle. Dr Clarkson can help us with when. Dr Clarkson : Not long now. Matthew : And she feels we ought to marry here, at Downton, to bury forever the memories of what, I hope, has been the darkest period of my life. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Of course. Lavinia : Are you sure? I know it should be at my home in London, but we've been through so much here. Robert, Earl of Grantham : We'd be delighted. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Yes, bravo. Excellent news. Mary, isn't that excellent news? Lady Mary : Just excellent. [Violet studies Mary's reaction. Sybil stares at nothing for a moment, thinking.] Branson : You're very late. Won't they worry? Lady Sybil : They're all so excited, they won't care where I am. Branson : I'm pleased. I like Mr Matthew. Lady Sybil : He announced at dinner that he wants to get married at Downton. Somehow it made me feel more than ever that the war is really over and it's time to move forward. Branson : Do you mean you've made your decision? Lady Sybil : Yes. And my answer is... [Branson braces himself.] Lady Sybil : That I'm ready to travel...and you are my ticket. [Sybil smiles.] Lady Sybil : To get away from this house, away from this life-- Branson : Me? Lady Sybil : No, Uncle Tom Cobley. [Sybil giggles and Branson stops holding his breath.] Branson : I'm sorry. But I've waited so long for those words, I can't believe I'm hearing them. You won't mind burning your bridges? Lady Sybil : Mind? Fetch me the matches! [Branson smiles with a sigh of relief and leans forward to kiss her. She holds back.] Lady Sybil : Yes, you can kiss me, but that is all until everything is settled. Branson : For now, God knows, it's enough that I can kiss you. [Sybil smiles at his reply and they kiss.] 
 
 Robert, Earl of Grantham : What a day. I can't stop smiling. Cora, Countess of Grantham : No. But another time, please ask me before you agree to host a wedding. Robert, Earl of Grantham : What? Cora, Countess of Grantham : I'm fond of Matthew, of course, but you do realise this means Mary's marriage will be delayed. Robert, Earl of Grantham : I can't help that. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Mary's our first priority, Robert. And just because Matthew's been lame... Robert, Earl of Grantham : Matthew's been lame? Can you hear the words coming out of your mouth? Can you hear how stupid and selfish they are? Because I can. Mrs Patmore : Don't bother me with it now. I've enough trying to make a luncheon that looks worth eating. Thomas : Well, that's what I'm saying. Everything's in short supply now. Mrs Patmore : Short supply? No supply, more like. Talk about making a silk purse out of a sow's ear. I wish we had a sow's ear. It'd be better than this brisket. O'Brien : That's just it. Thomas has come by some groceries and such and he's prepared to let them go for the right price. Mrs Patmore : Oh, he's prepared to let them go, is he? And how did he come by them? That's what I'd like to know. Thomas : Well, they're not stolen, in case you're worried. Mrs Patmore : Oh, I'm not worried. You're the one who should be worried. Tell you what, I'm making a wedding cake now for Mr Crawley. I'll finish it early and feed it with brandy. So, if I give you a list of ingredients, can you get them? Thomas : I can. Mrs Patmore : And then we'll see. Now, will you leave me and let me get on with this travesty? Mr Carson : Why are you here? [Mrs Hughes doesn't reply.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : Mr Bryant, Mrs Bryant, welcome. Mrs Bryant : We're so pleased to be here. This is so kind of you, Lady Grantham. Mr Bryant : It is kind, but we ought to make it clear we can't stay long. I wasn't sure we had time to come at all. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Luncheon's quite ready. Mr Bryant : We must eat and run, I'm afraid. We have to be at Marypole by six. Robert, Earl of Grantham : We're all so terribly sorry about the reason you're here. Mr Bryant : If we could see Charles's rooms-- [Mrs Hughes steps forward quickly.] Mrs Hughes : Shall I take Mrs Bryant up? Cora, Countess of Grantham : No, I'll do it. Robert, Earl of Grantham : We'll all do it. My cousin, Mrs Crawley, who looked after Major Bryant and my daughters who nursed will join us for luncheon. Mrs Bryant : How thoughtful. Mr Bryant : But we can't be long. I've told our chauffeur to stay in the car. Mrs Hughes : Will I take him something to eat? Mr Bryant : Leave him be. He's quite happy. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Now, please, come and see where Major Bryant lived while he was with us. [They enter the house and Mrs Hughes is left standing there.] Mrs Hughes : I'm afraid it's not going to work. Ethel : Why? Mrs Hughes : They're in the dining room now and they're getting straight into the car when they're finished. I tried to speak to her on her own, but there was never the right moment. (to the little boy) Your grandad is a bit of a bully. Ethel : But I must see them. I've come all this way. Mrs Hughes : Of course it's a disappointment. Ethel : You said yourself there wouldn't be another chance. Mrs Hughes : We can't know that. Maybe you should write to them after all. You've nothing to lose. Ethel : No. No, they have to see him. They must see Charlie. Mrs Hughes : Well, maybe they will. Sometime in the future. I hope so. You'd better go now. [Ethel looks down at Charlie and then walks out with him.] Daisy Mason : This wedding cake, can I make it? Mrs Patmore : You wouldn't know how to start. Daisy Mason : But you can tell me. And if I make it early, then you can make another if it's no good. Mrs Patmore : Hmm. If I say yes, will you do as you're told? [Daisy smiles.] Mrs Hughes : Daisy, there's a wretched chauffeur at the front who's not allowed to get out of the car.So, can you make him a sandwich and take him up a bottle of [?]-- [Mrs Hughes sees Ethel rush down the servants' corridor and her jaw drops.] Daisy Mason : We've some ham. Mrs Hughes : Oh, my God. [Mrs Hughes goes after Ethel.] Daisy Mason : Who was that? Mrs Patmore : Wasn't that Ethel? Di-- did you see what she was carrying? Daisy Mason : No. Mrs Patmore : Then just...let's leave it alone. Mrs Bryant : I'm afraid Downton will be a place of pilgrimage for a while. Cora, Countess of Grantham : We're glad to be, if we can help to bring some peace of mind. Mr Bryant : There's no point in wallowing in it. What good does it do? Ethel : Leave me alone! Mrs Hughes : Ethel! [Ethel rushes into the room with Charlie, Mrs Hughes and Anna in pursuit. The luncheon party is shocked.] Anna : I tried to stop her-- Robert, Earl of Grantham : What on earth? Cora, Countess of Grantham : Ethel-- (to Robert) I know what this is. Mrs Hughes, I don't think it's quite the right-- Ethel : I'm stopping...until I've had my say. [Ethel looks at Mrs Bryant.] Ethel : This is Charlie, your grandson. He's almost a year old. [Mr Bryant stands up and throws his napkin on the table.] Mr Bryant : What proof have you? Ethel : What? Mr Bryant : I say, what proof have you? If my son was the father of this boy, where's your proof? Any letters? Any signed statement? Ethel : Why would there be any letters? We were in the same house. Mrs Hughes : I think she's telling the truth. Mr Bryant : I'm not interested in "think." I want proof that my son acknowledged paternity of this boy. If what you say is true, then he would've known of the boy's existence for months before he...before he was killed. Ethel : Yes, he knew. Mr Bryant : So, what did he do about it? Ethel  (close to tears): Nothing. He did nothing. Mr Bryant : Thank you. That's the proof I was looking for. If Charles was the father, he would never have shirked his responsibilities. Never. Ethel : Well, he did! Mr Bryant : I won't listen to any more slander! [Mrs Bryant is clearly upset, and not in agreement with her husband.] Mr Bryant : Now, will you please go and take that boy with you, whoever he is! You're upsetting Mrs Bryant! [Cora stares at Mr Bryant, appalled at his behaviour.] Mrs Bryant : Well, I would like-- Mr Bryant : I said you are upsetting Mrs Bryant! [Ethel cries.] Mr Bryant : Lord Grantham, are you going to stand by while this woman holds us to ransom? [Robert gives Mr Bryant an irritated look, but stands up.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : This isn't doing much good. Mrs Hughes : Ethel, you better come with me. Come on. [Anna and Mrs Hughes escort Ethel out with Charlie crying in her arms. Robert and Mr Bryant take their seats.] Mr Bryant : She thinks we're a soft touch. They hear of a dead officer with some money behind them and suddenly there's a baby on every corner. Isobel Crawley : But if she's telling the truth-- Mr Bryant : If Charles had fathered that boy, he would've told us. No, I'd say she's done her homework and discovered he was an only child. She thinks we'd be ripe for the plucking. [The luncheon continues and Mrs Bryant turns to Isobel.] Mrs Bryant : You knew her. Was she one of the nurses when he was here? Cora, Countess of Grantham : She was a housemaid. Sir Richard Carlisle : Were you aware? Lady Mary : No. Isobel Crawley : No one told me Major Bryant was your only son. Mrs Bryant : That's right. Just Charles. Isobel Crawley : Matthew is my only son, and he nearly died. I think I know a little of what you're going through. Mrs Bryant : He seems such a nice young man-- Mr Bryant : Well, I think that's cast rather a shadow over the proceding, so I don't see any point in prolonging it. [Mr Bryant gets up and exits, Cora follows him, and everyone else rises, too.] Mr Bryant : Daphne, come on, we're leaving. Mrs Bryant  (to Isobel): He's afraid of his own grief. That's why he behaves as he does. He's terrified of his own grief. [Everyone stands there as Mrs Bryant exits with Robert.] Ethel : If that's what he's like, I don't want his help. I don't want it. O'Brien : I doubt you'll have the option. You're a dark horse. How did you keep it a secret all this time? Anna : Maybe when he's thought about it, he'll feel differently. You never know. [Carson enters.] Mr Carson : Anna, will you kindly go upstairs and help in the dining room? Ethel, please take the child and leave. [Ethel takes Charlie from Anna's arms.] Mr Carson : How did you get here? Ethel : I caught the bus and walked up from the village. Mr Carson : Then can you reverse the process as quickly as possible. Mr Bates : She's very badly shaken, Mr Carson. She's lost everything. Mr Carson : Are you all right for the fare? Ethel : Yes, thank you. Lady Mary : He's their only grandchild. There can never be another. Sir Richard Carlisle : Even if Ethel is telling the truth-- Cora, Countess of Grantham : I believe she is. Sir Richard Carlisle : Even so, there's no legal reality to it. The child is her b*st*rd and has no claim on them. [The ladies react to that.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : Steady on, sir. The ladies have had enough shocks for one day. Sir Richard Carlisle : I just don't see the point in pretending something can be done when it can't. Matthew : What about you, mother? Can't one of your refugee charities help? Isobel Crawley : But she's not a refugee, and we have more claims on our funding than we can possibly meet. Lady Mary : The truth is, Ethel's made her choice and now she's stuck with it. Lavinia : That seems a little hard. Lady Mary : Does it? Aren't all of us stuck with the choices we make? [Mary calmly drinks her tea while the others blanch at her coldness.] Mrs Patmore : Candied pear, well, well. I never thought you'd find that. Thomas : I hope you're pleased, Mrs Patmore. Daisy Mason : Course she is, aren't you? There's stuff here we haven't seen since before the war. I can't wait to get started. Mrs Patmore : I won't ask where you got it from, because I don't want to know. Thomas : I keep saying there's nothing wrong, so what I'd like to know is-- O'Brien : When will he get paid? Mrs Patmore : When I'm satisfied. O'Brien : And when will that be, oh Mighty One? Mrs Patmore : When Daisy's baked the cake and I'm pleased with it. He understands. He knows this is just the sprat to catch the mackerel. Matthew : I really ought to walk to the library. Mr Bates : No need to rush it, sir. You're getting better every day. [A knock at the door. Mr Bates opens it] Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Oh, Cousin Matthew, may I come in? Matthew : Please. [Matthew tries to get up in her presence.] Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : No, no, no. No, stay where you are. (to Bates as he exits and closes the door) Thank you. [Matthew sits back down.] Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : No doubt you will regard this as rather unorthodox, my pushing into a man's bedroom uninvited. Matthew : Well, erm— Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : It's just I don't want us to be disturbed. [She sits down.] Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : I'm sure you know how pleased I am that you will recover after all. Matthew : Thank you. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Just as I am delighted that you can once more look forward to a...to a happy married life. Matthew : I—I'm very lucky. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Now, this may come as a surprise, but I feel I must say it all the same. Matthew : Please do. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Mary is still in love with you. Matthew : What? Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : I was watching her the other night when you spoke of your wedding. She looked like...Juliet on awakening in the tomb. Matthew : Mary and I have always— Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Of course, I suspected long ago that the flame hadn't quite gone out. But then there was no chance of your recovery, and it seemed best to let her try for happiness where she could. Matthew : I—I quite agree, and--and Sir Richard is-- Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : No, le—let's not muddy the pool by discussing Sir Richard. The point is, you loved her once, you sure you can't love her again? Matthew : Cousin Violet, I...please don't think I mind your...speaking to me in this way. I quite admire it, but...consider this: Lavinia came back against my orders, determined to look after me for the rest of my life, which meant that she would wash me and f--feed me and...do things that only the most dedicated nurse would undertake, and all with no hope of children or any improvement. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Yes. Yes, it's all very admirable, and I give her full credit. Matthew : Giving her that credit, do you think it would be right for me to throw her over because I can walk? To dismiss her because I no longer have need of her services? Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Spoken like a man of honour. And we will not fall out over this. Matthew : But you don't agree. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : I would just say one thing. Marriage is a long business. There's no getting out of it for our kind of people. I mean, you may live forty...fifty years with one of these two women. Just make sure you have selected the right one. Lady Edith : Will it be April or May? Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : I should steer clear of May. Marry in May, rue the day. Lavinia : I think it's April. Matthew should be walking normally by then. Lady Edith : Spring weddings are the prettiest of all. [Across the room.] Sir Richard Carlisle : All this talk of weddings is making me impatient. Lady Mary : I don't think we can go into competition with Matthew and Lavinia, do you? Sir Richard Carlisle : After them, in the summer, let's settle it before I return to London. You must be looking forward to travelling again. I know I am. Lady Mary : Very well, the end of July. Then we can be out of England for August. Sir Richard Carlisle : You don't sound very excited. Lady Mary : To quote you, "That's not who we are." And there's something I've been meaning to ask you. [Matthew wheels himself into the room.] Lady Edith : Hail to the hero. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Ah, here we are. Lady Mary : Why did you try to bribe Anna? Sir Richard Carlisle : She told you, did she? Lady Mary : She didn't. Not me. But why did you do it? [Matthew stops by the fireplace and Lavinia asks him if he wants help getting up with a look. Matthew holds out a hand. He'll do it himself.] Lady Mary : Next time if you want to know anything, just ask me. [Matthew stands up.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : Well done. [They applaud.] Sir Richard Carlisle : All right, then. I will. Once and for all, are you still in love with Matthew Crawley? Lady Mary : Of course not. Would I ever admit to loving a man who preferred someone else over me? [Mary walks away and sits down next to Violet.] Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : ...find it rather a chore these days. Lady Mary : Where's Sybil? Lady Edith : She's not feeling well. She told Anna she wouldn't be down for dinner. Anna : What is it? Mr Bates : I heard from my lawyer today. Apparently Vera wrote to a friend just before my last visit. Anna : Why are they telling you now? Mr Bates : It was only delivered a few days ago. Anna : Do you know what the letter says? Mr Bates : They send me a copy. [Bates pulls it out of his jacket pocket and hands it to Anna. She opens it.] Anna : "John has written he's coming here tonight. His words sound as angry as I've ever heard him, and you know how angry that is. I never thought I'd say this, but I'm afraid for my life." But what did you write to her? [Bates waits for a servant to pass by.] Mr Bates : I said I was coming that evening, that I meant to have it out with her. Now, I may have said she was being unreasonable, but so she was. Anna : Will it change anything? Mr Bates : Well, think about it. Before Vera's death, she had taken all my money and she had wrecked the divorce. Now as her widower, I inherit everything and we can marry whenever we like. [Mrs Hughes descends the stairs.] Mrs Hughes : Anna, they're going in. [Anna gives Bates the letter and heads upstairs.] Mrs Hughes : You look as if you got the cares of the world on your shoulders. Mr Bates : Not the whole world, Mrs Hughes, but quite enough of it. Lady Mary : Sybil? [Mary tries the door knob, but it's locked.] Lady Mary : Sybil, I just want to say goodnight. [Mary knocks again with no response, then hurries off with a furrowed brow.] Anna : Mrs Hughes, can I borrow the duplicate keys for upstairs? Mrs Hughes : Why? Anna : Lady Mary says one of the bathroom keys isn't working. She thinks it must've got swapped. [Mrs Hughes shakes her head with a sigh.] Mrs Hughes : I'll come. Anna : Oh, no, there's no need. I'll bring it back in a jiffy. You've done enough for one day. Lady Mary : Oh, my God, she's eloped. She's on her way to Gretna Green. Lady Mary : They must stop at some point. It won't be open before the morning. Lady Edith : She won't expect us to be in pursuit until tomorrow, so they'll stay somewhere on the road. Anna : We hope. Lady Edith : Everyone keep an eye out for the motor. Lady Mary :  Anna :  Mrs Patmore : Daisy, what in God's name are you doing down here at this hour? Daisy Mason : I just wanted to check it were all right. That it hadn't, you know, caved in or anything. Mrs Patmore : Caved in? It's a cake, not a soufflé. Daisy Mason : I know, but I've never made a wedding cake before. Mrs Patmore : Is that the one for tasting? Daisy Mason : Yes, Mrs Patmore. Mrs Patmore : Bring it out, we'll give it a try. [Daisy takes the slice off the shelf and Mrs Patmore cuts off a sliver and they both try it. They gag.] Mrs Patmore : What in God's name d'you call this? Daisy Mason : I don't know. I did everything that you said, I promise. Mrs Patmore : But didn't you taste the mixture? [Daisy shakes her head.] Mrs Patmore : (sigh) Well, then I'm afraid it's time to look at Thomas's ingredients. [Mrs Patmore tastes the flour and spits it out.] Mrs Patmore : Well, it's two-thirds plaster dust! Where's the [?]? [Daisy fetches it from the shelf. Mrs Patmore tastes it and gags again.] Mrs Patmore : This were old when Adam were a boy. (huff) So, Thomas was happy to let it go, was he? Well, he won't go anywhere near me in future. Chuck the whole bally lot out and we'll have to think again. Anna : Isn't that the car? [Edith slams on the brakes.] Branson : How did you find us? How did you know? Lady Mary : Never mind that. At least nothing's happened, thank God. Lady Sybil : What do you mean "nothing's happened"? [Branson looks at Sybil, worried and confused about what she's implying.] Lady Sybil : I've decided to marry Tom, and your coming after me won't change that. [Branson steps up beside Sybil confidently.] Lady Edith : This isn't the way. Lady Mary : She's right. Of course Mama and Papa will hate it-- Branson : Why should they? Lady Mary : Oh, pipe down. Sybil, can't you let them get used to the idea? Take your stand and refuse to budge, but allow them time. That way you won't have to break up the family. Lady Sybil : They would never give permission. Lady Mary : You don't need permission, you're twenty-one. But you do need their forgiveness if you're not to start your new life under a black shadow. Branson : Don't listen. She's pretending to be reasonable to get you home again. Lady Mary : Even if I am, even if I think this is mad, I know it would be better to do it in broad daylight than to sneak off like a thief in the night. [Branson sighs, then looks at Sybil as he sees her resolve waning. She looks up at him and he knows Mary won.] Branson : Go back with them, then. If you think they can make you happier than I will. Lady Sybil : Am I so weak you believe I could be talked out of giving my heart in five minutes flat? But Mary's right. I don't like deceit and our parents don't deserve it. So, I'll go back with them. Believe it or not, I will stay true to you. [Sybil kisses his cheek. Edith gets Sybil's luggage and Sybil takes one last teary-eyed look at Branson before leaving the room with Edith.] Branson : I'll return the car in the morning. You're confident you can bring her 'round, aren't you? Lady Mary : Fairly. I'll certainly try. [Mary turns to leave, but pauses.] Lady Mary : Do you want some money? For the room? Branson : No thank you, my lady. I can pay my own way. [Mary exits and Branson closes the door.] Cora, Countess of Grantham : Where are the girls? Robert, Earl of Grantham : I suppose Sybil's still ill and the others just haven't appeared. Cora, Countess of Grantham : I hope they're not coming down with anything. The stories of this Spanish flu are too awful. Robert, Earl of Grantham : No, it's nothing of the sort. Why are you up so early? Cora, Countess of Grantham : I'm meeting Isobel. She wants me to help with her refugees. Robert, Earl of Grantham : I thought the whole point of Mama arranging that was to keep her out of your hair. Cora, Countess of Grantham : I know. But now the soldiers are, I do have a lot of time on my hands, and maybe I can be useful. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Why is it different from before the war? Cora, Countess of Grantham : Well, I don't know exactly, it just is. Maybe the war's changed me. I guess it's changed everybody. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Not me. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Don't be too sure. [Cora gives him a kiss on the cheek before she heads out.] Cora, Countess of Grantham : If I'm not back before luncheon, don't wait. [Mr Carson removes a breakfast dish.] Mr Carson : I'll take this down to keep it hot, my lord. [Robert sits at the table by himself, depressed. Jane inches into the room.] Jane : I wanted to catch you alone. [Robert is startled by her presence.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : Oh? [Jane checks behind her and then approaches him at the table.] Jane : Yes. You see, I think you might be happier if I tendered my resignation. [Robert stands up.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : What? Jane : I'd hate you to be uncomfortable in your own house, and-- Robert, Earl of Grantham : I won't hear of it. Jane : But I know-- Robert, Earl of Grantham : You won't be deprived of your livelihood because I behaved in an un-gentlemanly manner. The fault was entirely mine. You will not pay the price. [They hear a noise from the servants' entrance and Jane runs out just as Carson appears around the screen. Robert picks up a letter and pretends to read it as he sits back down.] Isobel Crawley : Is this yours? Molesley found it in your dressing room. It's not one of your old toys, is it? Because I don't recognise it. Matthew : No, it was given to me as a charm, I think, to take to the front. Isobel Crawley : Well, you're home and safe now. Shall I put it in the barrel for the village children? Matthew : No. [Matthew grabs the toy dog from her and Isobel and Lavinia stare at him.] Matthew : You never know. It might be bad luck not to keep it. [Isobel smiles and Lavinia smiles back at her.] Isobel Crawley : Luncheon'll be ready soon. [Isobel exits and Matthew puts the dog in his pocket.] Thomas : It's all rubbish. It's all bloody rubbish. O'Brien : Can't you ask for your money back? Thomas : Oh, yes. Of course I can ask, and a fat lot of good that'll do. O'Brien : You must challenge him. Thomas : How? I only ever met him in a pub. I wouldn't know where to find him! O'Brien : But, surely-- Thomas : [?] woman! I've been tricked! Been had! Been taken for the fool I am. [Thomas sits down for a smoke.] O'Brien : How much did he get from you? Thomas : Every penny I had. And then some. O'Brien : What are you going to do now? Thomas : I don't know. I don't bloody know. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 