Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 03x07 - Episode Seven - Downton Abbey 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 03x07 - Episode Seven https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=151&t=9235 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 11/10/12 23:20 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 03x07 - Episode Seven 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 (THEME MUSIC PLAYING) 
 (DOOR OPENS) 
 (LAUGHING) 
 Thank God. 
 (LAUGHING) Yes. Thank God. And you. 
 How do we speak to him? 
 Normally. 
 How do you think you speak to him? 
 But what about prison? 
 Or do we pretend it's never happened? 
 I don't think that'll be necessary. 
 Oh! He's back! 
 Welcome back, Mr Bates. I've waited a long time to say that. 
 Thank you, Mr Carson. 
 MRS HUGHES: (LAUGHS) Too long. 
 Give us your coat. 
 Oh, Mrs Patmore, can you find something for Mr Bates to eat? 
 Oh, I certainly can. Daisy! Ivy! Stir your stumps! 
 Who's Ivy? 
 The new kitchen maid. 
 Thomas. Still here, I see. 
 Mr Barrow now, Mr Bates. And yes, I'm still here. And busy <i>as</i> a bee. 
 There have been some changes since, uh... Since you've been away. 
 You will have heard about Lady Sybil. 
 BATES: Yes, I've heard. 
 Anna took a letter from me to her Ladyship. 
 Here we are. 
 Thank you, Mrs Patmore. 
 Can we all have one of those? 
 (ALL LAUGH) 
 Welcome back, Mr Bates. 
 Thank you, Daisy. 
 Something nice? 
 The editor's written back, repeating his offer. He asks if I'm ever in London. 
 Why not? You could see Rosamund and buy some new clothes. 
 He only wants to persuade you to write for his horrible paper. 
 Still, I think I will go. 
 It seems rude not to, in a way, and I haven't been to London for ages. 
 Excuse me. 
 Please don't encourage her. 
 I think it's a good idea. 
 I gather you've trapped poor old Jarvis into a meeting. 
 It won't take long, but he is the agent. 
 And there are things we must get started on, if you agree. 
 Well, I'm glad you still think my agreement has a part to play. 
 Are you sure you wouldn't rather just cut and run like me? 
 Bates! My dear fellow! 
 I didn't know you were here already. 
 They let you out at dawn. 
 Thank you for sending Anna in the car. 
 Nonsense. Where have they put you? 
 In my old room, milord. 
 Well, that won't do. 
 I'll ask Jarvis how far they've got with finding a cottage. 
 Thank you. 
 About Thomas... 
 I'll sort it out, Bates. I promise. 
 But in the meantime, you just rest. 
 Stay in bed, read books. 
 But you didn't walk out of my luncheon when Robert asked you to. 
 Well, that luncheon was to support Cora in her grief. 
 It did not seem appropriate to let the whole thing end in chaos and a quarrel. 
 So you don't think I should have given Ethel a second chance? 
 I do not criticise your motives, but did you really consider? 
 Ethel is notorious in the village. 
 I don't think so. 
 I know so. 
 You've surrounded this house with a miasma of scandal and touched all of us by association. 
 I think one must fight for one's beliefs. 
 And is poor Ethel to be the cudgel by which you fight your foes? 
 Ah, Ethel. 
 I was just telling Lady Grantham how your cooking has come on. 
 I'm studying, milady. These days a working woman must have a skill. 
 But you seem to have so many. 
 CORA: I don't see how you can just sack him. He's done nothing wrong. 
 He can't have expected to stay my valet once Bates was released. 
 Ask Carson. He'll have some ideas. 
 Poor little girl. 
 Has Branson said anything more about moving out? 
 How can he move out before he's found a job? 
 How can you want him to? 
 He's our responsibility now, Robert, he and the baby. We owe that to Sybil. 
 I must get on, I've got this meeting with Jarvis and Matthew. 
 Have you got any plans, Mr Bates? 
 It's rather early to say. His Lordship suggested I have a rest. 
 I expect you'll be looking for something to do, Mr Barrow. Now that Mr Bates is back. 
 They're showing a film tonight in the village hall. Way <i>Down East.</i> 
 It's about a wronged woman who survives in the wilderness through her own wits and courage. 
 Blimey. They've stolen my story. 
 ALFRED: Lillian Gish is in it. 
 I like her. 
 Well, there's a late showing tonight, 10:30, for local servants. What about it? 
 Are you going, Jimmy? 
 Sounds a bit soppy, to be honest. 
 Well, I'm not going with Alfred on my own. My mum wouldn't like it. 
 She would not, and nor would I. 
 You may go if Madge or Alice will go with you. But not otherwise. 
 All right. If Mrs Patmore agrees. 
 Straight there and back, mind. 
 This means the overhaul of every part of the estate we hold in hand. 
 And some large new parcels in addition. All in an instant. 
 But don't you see? If we invest in new machinery, new methods and new techniques, the whole estate must benefit by it. 
 And as for taking new lands in hand, we won't be running it as separate farms. 
 We'll find another use for some of the farmhouses... 
 This is ridiculous! Downton has existed for hundreds of years in perfect harmony. 
 We have worked with the farmers <i>as</i> partners. 
 Now you want to blow it all to smithereens! 
 Of course I don't, but... 
 If I may, milord. 
 Mr Crawley, you're very new to our way of life here. 
 I beg your pardon! 
 There's no point biting Jarvis' head off. You are new to it. 
 Must I remind you of the state the place was in a few months ago? 
 That was nothing to do with the way we run it! The money was lost in a bad investment. 
 Yes, and you've been bailing the place out with Cora's fortune. You have been for years. 
 Downton must be self-supporting if it's to have a chance of survival! 
 Well, you've given us plenty to think about. Hasn't he, Mr Jarvis? 
 He has indeed, Lord Grantham. 
 Why would I persuade your father otherwise, when I agree with him? 
 How can you say that when you keep telling me to find something to do? 
 I meant run a local charity or paint watercolours or something. 
 Well, I'm going to London to see the editor tomorrow and if I like him, then I'm going to say yes. 
 I don't want to fall out with Papa, but I don't want to be invisible, either. 
 I've had enough of it. 
 Very well. I'm coming up tonight. I'll see what I can do. 
 But I want a favour in return. 
 Ethel? What's the matter? 
 I had rather a nasty encounter in the village, that's all. 
 What sort of encounter? 
 Mrs Bakewell refused to serve me. 
 In the end, her husband did, but it wasn't very nice. 
 We shall take our business elsewhere. 
 There's no need for that, ma'am. I'm used to it. 
 You shouldn't have to be. 
 Are you all set for this evening? 
 If you mean have I allowed Ivy to go out when it's not her half-day, I have, but why, I could not tell you. Bring them all home safe. 
 If that's béchamel, why don't you use parsley or mace? 
 I do. But I boil it in the milk beforehand. I made it last night. 
 Oh, leave her alone, you big ninny. 
 (SCOFFS) There's nothing wrong with a man who can cook. 
 Some say the best cooks in the world are men. 
 Do we think this sad beanpole will be the best cook in the world? 
 Why do you always feel the need to be so unpleasant, James? 
 What's Alfred ever done to you? 
 You can take in the fish and meat tonight. James can follow with the sauce. 
 But I should be the first footman. 
 Of course you should. 
 Listen to her! You're taller than him. You've been here longer than him. 
 Why are you taking her to the pictures when she talks like that? 
 Well, I've got the tickets now, so... 
 (DOOR OPENS) 
 No, don't get up. 
 How's the christening going? 
 It's all arranged with the Catholic church in Ripon. 
 Weren't you going to tell us? 
 You and Matthew. I didn't think the others would want to know. 
 Please give them a chance to behave properly. 
 I wondered if you'd be a godmother. 
 Am I allowed to be? 
 As long <i>as</i> at least one of them is Catholic, and my brother's coming over. 
 He'll stay in the village. 
 No, he won't. He'll stay here. 
 He's a bit of a rough diamond. 
 I'm very fond of diamonds. 
 I still can't believe I'm here. I keep pinching myself. 
 Believe. 
 Which one would be ours? 
 Well, they won't move Mr Chirk or the Trippe, but Mrs Bow wants to live in the village, so we might get hers. 
 None of which solves the problem of what I'm going to do. 
 Your job, of course. They'll have to give Thomas his notice. 
 Mr Barrow. 
 Mr Stick-it-up-your-jumper. 
 He'll have to go. 
 Revenge is sweet. 
 Look at him. He can't even balance it. 
 Oh, leave him alone. Up you go. 
 It's a flipping insult. Just 'cause he's ten foot tall. 
 You're right. 
 I've got a good mind to... 
 Uh-uh. Don't do anything you'll regret. 
 These things can be managed, but not by losing your temper. 
 O'BRIEN: You make a cosy couple, I must say. 
 I don't think so. 
 That's not what I've heard. 
 Alfred says he's always going on about you. Silly, sloppy stuff. 
 Alfred's sick and tired of it, and no wonder. 
 Well, he's making it up. 
 Have it your own way. 
 MATTHEW: Of course it's a lot to take in, but I'm sure it's right. 
 Right. 
 Don't put them like that. 
 MATTHEW: Leap of imagination... 
 They've got to be able to get hold of them. 
 CARSON: Come along! MATTHEW: So I've asked Murray to come up so that we can talk it through together. 
 You've asked Murray to come here without consulting me? 
 I felt I wasn't explaining things well and I know he can. 
 Oh, lovely, what a treat. 
 Oh! 
 Oh, my, your Ladyship! 
 It's all right. No, no fuss, no fuss. 
 Just scrape me down and get me a spare napkin. 
 I'll take that. 
 I saw your cook in the village today, Isobel. She seemed upset. 
 Yes. Mrs Bakewell was rather unkind. 
 It seems a pity that even in this pretty little village, people can be so unforgiving. 
 Some people are unforgiving, others are insensitive. 
 What time do you leave in the morning? 
 I thought I'd get the ten o'clock. I'm meeting him for tea. 
 ROBERT: You're not encouraging this? 
 She hasn't agreed to anything yet. 
 Oh, Mama, talk to her. Talk to all of them. Say something sensible. 
 Yes. Let's hear how a woman's place is in the home. 
 I do think a woman's place is eventually in the home, but I see no harm in her having some fun before she gets there. 
 Oh, Granny! Thank you! 
 Have you changed your pills? 
 And another thing. I mean, Edith isn't getting any younger. 
 (CHUCKLES) Perhaps she isn't cut out for domestic life. 
 (SIGHS) 
 How are your plans proceeding, Tom? 
 I was telling Lady Grantham, my brother has a garage in Liverpool. He's asked me to go in with him. 
 The brother who's coming to stay? 
 Yes. Kieran. 
 Why is he coming here? 
 For the christening. 
 Hmm. 
 How did he rearrange the spoons? 
 He put them right on the edge of my plate. I'm not saying it was deliberate. 
 I hope you're not, 'cause I was trying to help. 
 Well, I think Alfred can manage without your help in future, James. 
 And next time, will you wait to be asked before you take charge? 
 Are you still here? 
 Perhaps Alfred no longer wants to go to the pictures. 
 He may want to ponder his mistakes instead. 
 Of course they're going. 
 Are we? 
 Yes, you can go. I will not withdraw my permission. 
 But as you walk, you might contemplate what it is to waste a chance when it is given. 
 I suppose you never wasted a chance. 
 Well, if I did, I learned from it and that's all I am asking from him. 
 That and some ritual humiliation. 
 You shouldn't have rung Murray without telling Papa. 
 You berate me for not wanting to take responsibility and now you tell me off for doing just that. 
 You can't have it both ways. 
 I can if I want to. 
 What's the matter? 
 Do you think I should see someone? 
 What? 
 If there's anything wrong then it's obviously my fault. 
 You know what they told us when I was wounded. 
 But they were wrong. They said so. 
 I wonder. 
 Darling, please don't worry. 
 I'm sure there's nothing wrong. 
 That's the point. We're not sure. 
 It was okay, but I prefer English films with English stars. They seem more real somehow. 
 I like the American actors. They've got more you-know-what. 
 Oh, and how about Ivy Close in <i>The Worldlings</i>? 
 She makes Lillian Gish look like a village school ma'am. 
 Ivy Close. It's funny to think of a film star having your own name. 
 There aren't any with my name. 
 No, but there's a king. The one who burned the cakes. 
 Well, I hope I won't be burning any of my cakes in future. 
 (BOTH LAUGH) 
 Where is everyone? 
 They've gone to bed. 
 Except for the picture-goers, they're not back. 
 If I'd thrown a bucket of slop in the old lady's lap, I wouldn't be allowed to go to the flicks. 
 What are you saying? 
 Mr Carson doesn't like me. 
 No matter what Alfred does, he still prefers him. It's not bloody fair. 
 Well, I love you. 
 (CHUCKLES) If you do, you're on your own. 
 I'm sure I'm not. 
 What about your family? Where are you from? 
 Don't have any family, not really. Cousins, you know. No one else. 
 And your mum and dad? 
 Dead. 
 My dad was killed in the war and my mother died of the 'flu. 
 I haven't any brothers and sisters, so here we are, all on me ownsome. 
 You must get lonely. 
 Meaning? 
 I know what it's like, that's all. Funny, we're quite a pair. 
 We both like to look very sure of ourselves, but we're not so sure underneath, are we? 
 Still, you've no need to worry. 
 Mr Carson may prefer Alfred, but nobody else does. 
 Don't they? I wonder. 
 Sometimes I think it's just Jimmy contra mundi. 
 Was that Latin? I should try it on Mr Carson. Make up some points. 
 Never mind Latin, I need a magic spell. 
 O'BRIEN: Good night. 
 He's a funny one, isn't he? 
 You can't pull the wool over my eyes. I know what's going on. 
 You're quite wrong, Miss O'Brien. He's a proper little ladies' man. 
 Oh, if that's how you want to play it. 
 What are you going on about? 
 There's no need to bark. I only know what Alfred tells me. 
 Well, if he says Jimmy's interested in me, he's lying. 
 Oh, dear. Was it supposed to be a secret? 
 (IVY LAUGHING) 
 You are daft! 
 Oh, Ivy, I love to be out with you like this. I wish we could make it a regular thing. 
 I can't. I wouldn't want you to get the wrong idea. 
 Look, I'm sorry, but Jimmy's just not interested. 
 I hate to hurt your feelings like that, but he's not. 
 You don't know that. He flirts with me. He does. 
 If you knew he wasn't interested, would that make a difference? 
 I'd have to hear it from his lips. 
 (DOOR OPENS) 
 I'm sorry to wake you, Jimmy, but I've got to... Oh, my... 
 Get off! Just get the bloody hell off me! 
 Alfred, it's not what you think. 
 Don't do that. Please. 
 Alfred doesn't matter. No one will believe a word he says. He's nothing. 
 What are you doing? Why are you in here? 
 Because of what you said. 
 Because of all there is between us. 
 There's nothing between us, except my fist if you don't get out! 
 And if you tell any... 
 But what about the things you said? 
 I said nothing except get out. Go on, get out, Thomas! 
 (DOOR SLAMS) 
 What is going on? 
 Nothing, Mr Carson. Jimmy... Er, James had a nightmare. He's fine now. 
 (DOOR SLAMS) 
 What is it? What's going on? 
 James, what's the matter with you? 
 Nothing. 
 Alfred? 
 Ask Mr Barrow. 
 It's nothing. Really. 
 It doesn't seem like nothing. 
 Oh, Ivy! Never mind the toast, you look very tasty yourself this morning. 
 What did you say? 
 Can't a red-blooded man compliment a pretty girl? 
 Not at breakfast, for heaven's sake! 
 
 
 
 Alfred, what's happened? 
 Not now. 
 Well, if there is anything I ought to know, I hope I hear about it before the end of the day. 
 This really has been so interesting. 
 I hope this means that you're persuadable, Lady Edith? 
 I'll think about it, I promise. 
 I just felt I had to meet you and see what it would be like. 
 I assume your father disapproves. 
 Well... 
 It's the business of parents to worry, isn't it? 
 No, no, all sorts of toffs are writing for magazines nowadays. 
 Some of them even advertise face creams and cigarettes and the rest of it. 
 I'm afraid Papa would not find that reassuring. 
 In fact, if he were here, he'd probably just shout, "Run!" 
 Will you please make up your own mind, without his advice? 
 I'll have to think about that, too. 
 Are you going back to Yorkshire tonight? 
 No, I'm staying with my aunt. 
 I've got to look into the offices of The Lady while I'm here. 
 Not to write for them, I trust? 
 Oh, no. 
 It's just something I promised to do for my grandmother. 
 The <i>Lady?</i> That's, uh, Covent Garden? 
 Here's an idea. Let's have lunch tomorrow at Rules. 
 If you accept the job, we'll celebrate, if it's a no, I'll drown my sorrows. How's that? 
 (CHUCKLES) 
 You seem nervous today, Barrow. 
 We will get things sorted out. We won't leave you in the lurch. 
 I'd be grateful if you could let me know when you've made a decision. 
 I'll talk things through with Carson and we'll see what we can come up with. 
 It makes no sense to retain this bit as a separate section. No sense at all. 
 But, of course, Jarvis won't see that because he hates change. 
 Just try to carry Papa with you. That's all I ask. 
 He'll be with me in the end, because this is the only way forward. 
 And at some point he's going to see that. 
 Some point in the near future, I hope. 
 What's the matter with you both? You were in a dream all through dinner. 
 Nothing's the matter. 
 Does Mr Murray want luncheon tomorrow? 
 No. He's in York all morning. He'll come up here afterwards. 
 Followed by Tom's brother for dinner. So it promises to be a day of contrasts. 
 God in heaven. 
 What do you think, Tom? 
 I agree with Matthew. 
 The estate can offer proper compensation to the tenants now, while the money's there, but if we miss this chance, it may not come again. 
 So says the Marxist. 
 If you don't mind me saying so, you have a narrow view of socialism. 
 You seem to have a very broad interpretation of it. 
 Now, now, children. 
 If Branson is watering down his revolutionary fervour, let us give thanks. 
 Tom. 
 Do you know anything about farming, Tom? 
 A little. My grandfather was a sheep farmer in Ireland. 
 Why do you keep giving me funny looks? 
 I'm not. 
 What's going on? Have you both been up to something I don't know about? 
 Not both of us. 
 Are you awake? 
 I can't seem to get to sleep. 
 I don't know why. 
 Could you credit Matthew summoning Murray without my permission? 
 You keep telling everyone Downton is a dual monarchy now. 
 I never realised you didn't mean it. 
 So, you're against me over Matthew, the christening and Edith. 
 Robert... 
 Even your mother spoke up for Edith. Think of that. 
 A facer, I admit. She'll have had some reason of her own, of course. 
 Is she really so Machiavellian? 
 Yes. 
 I'm here to meet Mr Gregson. 
 Yes. 
 I was afraid you'd stood me up. 
 (LAUGHS) I'm so sorry. It took much longer than I thought. 
 What was it about? 
 Oh, just family stuff. 
 An errand for my grandmother. 
 Are you very family-minded? 
 Well, you know. 
 When you live at home with your parents, you're still in the middle of all of it. 
 Yes, I saw a picture in the paper of your elder sister's wedding. 
 She looked very glamorous. 
 People say so. 
 Am I allowed to say I'm rather pleased you're not married? 
 Here you are, madam. Sir. 
 I'm a little less pleased. 
 Oh, dear. It sounds like you're hiding a romantic secret. 
 Not too romantic. A little while ago, I was jilted at the altar. 
 Which wasn't much fun. 
 Oh, dear, I am sorry. 
 Oh, please don't be. 
 It's a relief to be reminded I'm not an object of pity to the entire world. 
 I've clearly put my foot in it, and now you'll turn the job down. 
 (CHUCKLES) Please don't. 
 I won't. Not if you don't want me to. 
 Ah. 
 Surely, Lord Grantham, you don't question Mr Crawley's goal of making the estate self-sufficient? 
 No, but I question his plans for the employees and tenants in order to achieve it. 
 Can't we allow things to evolve more gently, as we did in the past? 
 The past is not much of a model. 
 The third earl nearly went bankrupt, the fourth only saved the estate by dying, and what would you all have done in the '90s without Lady Grantham's money? 
 I say, Murray. When I asked you to say what you think, I didn't mean to be taken literally. 
 Must we talk in this way? 
 Yes, I'm afraid so. 
 And thanks to Mr Swire, we have another chance, but we have to change our ways. 
 All I'm talking about is investment, increasing productivity and reducing waste. 
 Waste? 
 Yes. 
 The estate has been run very wastefully for many years. 
 I won't listen to this! 
 Now, come on, Jarvis. If I can listen to it, so can you. 
 No, Lord Grantham, I can't. Am I to stand here after 40 years of loyal service to be accused of malfeasance and corruption? 
 Nothing of the sort. 
 My dear chap, think for a moment. 
 We must both see things have to move forward. 
 My goal is to find the way of least disruption. Won't you stay and help me with that? 
 Milord, will you give me a good reference? 
 ROBERT: Yes, of course I will. 
 Mr Jarvis, if I have offended you, then I offer my sincerest apologies. 
 I'm the old broom, Mr Crawley. You are the new. 
 I wish you luck with your sweeping, milord. 
 (DOOR SLAMS) 
 (LAUGHTER) 
 (KNOCK$) 
 Mr Carson, you'd better come. 
 (LAUGHTER) 
 May I help you? 
 This is Mr Branson's brother. 
 Can we fetch Mr Branson, sir? 
 I've already sent Alfred. Here they are now. 
 Kieran, what are you doing down here? Come upstairs. 
 Ah, I don't fancy it. Can I not stay put, have me dinner down here? 
 But we're all so looking forward to meeting you, Mr Branson. 
 If you come with us, you can see your room and get changed. 
 If you want to. 
 And what will I change into? A pumpkin? 
 (STIFLED LAUGHTER) 
 Oh, come on, Tommy. Can we not eat down here? 
 They seem like a nice lot. What's the matter? 
 You too grand for them, now? 
 They know that I'm not, but my mother-in-law has been kind enough to invite you to stay and dine. 
 And I'll not let you snub her. Now get a move on. 
 (PATTING) 
 I know. You always said he would bring shame on this house. 
 No, Mrs Hughes. For once, I will hold my tongue. 
 I thought Mr Branson's respect for her Ladyship's invitation exemplary. 
 Well, Mr Branson's done something right for a change. 
 Miracles can happen. 
 How was it? 
 (SIGHS) 
 Pretty bad. Jarvis has resigned. 
 What? 
 He's gone and I'm going to have to make it all work or I've had it. 
 Come here. 
 You'll make me untidy. 
 Good. 
 You see, I know it's right, Mary. 
 I believe I can make Downton safe for our children, if we ever have any. 
 But I can only do it if you're with me. 
 But what about Papa? I do love him. 
 Love him by all means, but believe in me. 
 There. Will that convince you? 
 Convince me again. 
 And don't say, "if we ever have any." Because we will. 
 But it's been a while now. 
 What if Mr Carson finds out you knew all along and you never told him? 
 How will that look? 
 Surely it's for Jimmy to tell? 
 Supposing he's in on it? 
 No. He started yelling at Thomas <i>as</i> soon as I walked in. 
 Yes, I'm sure he did, as soon as you walked in. 
 What if you hadn't walked in? 
 I'm sorry, Alfred, Mr Carson won't tolerate these sort of shenanigans. 
 And he'll be furious if he finds out you knew and you said nothing. 
 You need to speak up. For your own good. 
 (FOOTSTEPS) 
 ROBERT: And what exactly does this business consist of? 
 Automobile refurbishment. 
 He means car repairs. 
 I see. And you would live nearby? 
 We've rooms over the garage. There's a bit of a park not too far away. 
 Well, that's something. 
 I remember an evening rather like this. 
 We were travelling back from Scotland to London when the train was suddenly engulfed by a blizzard and we spent the night in a tradesmen's hotel in Middlesbrough. 
 So who's coming to the christening? 
 All of us, I expect. 
 MARY: Granny? 
 Oh, yes, if Brans... Tom wants me to 
 I would be honoured. 
 Robert, are you coming? 
 Tom doesn't want me there and I wouldn't know what to do. 
 All that crossing and bobbing up and down. 
 I went to a Mass once in Rome, it was more like a gymnastic display. 
 (CHUCKLES) 
 TOM: I would like you to be there very much. 
 Why? What difference would it make? 
 All I know is Sybil would want you there. 
 She loved you with all her heart and she would want you there. 
 Will you argue with that? 
 Not if you think it's so important. 
 MATTHEW: How did you get on in London? 
 Well, <i>as</i> a matter of fact, I've got an announcement to make. 
 And now's as good a time as any. Listen, everyone. 
 You have a journalist in the family. 
 Oh! 
 Since we have a country solicitor and a car mechanic, it was only a matter of time. 
 How was the editor in the end? 
 Oh, nice, very nice. 
 So you're ready to speak out? 
 I think you're right, and I must. 
 Good. He has broken all the fundamental laws of God and man. 
 Report him, <i>as</i> you should, and then stand back and enjoy his fall. 
 I don't understand. You've placed an advertisement in a magazine to find a job for my housekeeper? 
 I knew you'd be against it. 
 Well, how would you feel if I found other work for your cook or butler? 
 Granny feels that for Ethel's sake she should move elsewhere. 
 Oh, nonsense. She couldn't give tuppence about Ethel or anyone like her! 
 You've been reading those communist newspapers again. 
 I don't suppose there's any beer? 
 Haven't you had enough? 
 Of course we have beer. We must have some somewhere. Carson? 
 I believe so, milady. I'll fetch it. 
 What's the betting we'll have a chorus of <i>Molly</i> Malone before we finish? 
 You're the one pushing Tom into his brother's arms. 
 This is not what Sybil wanted for him. She told me. 
 Oh, Carson. Would you ask Mrs Hughes to meet me in the hall, please? 
 Very good, milady. I'll bring the beer in a moment, sir. 
 It isn't so bad here after all. 
 I don't know. She just asked if you could go up. 
 I suppose I'll have to. 
 What's this? 
 They said we could go. They'll ring when they need the car. 
 Mr Carson, might I have a word? 
 Well, I have to take this up. 
 Oh, very well. Come with me. 
 Mrs Hughes, you've always taken an interest in Ethel. Do you think I'm wrong? 
 No. While Ethel is in this village, she is doomed to be lonely. 
 But if, <i>as</i> her Ladyship suggests, she can get a job far away from here... 
 She's not a bad cook now. 
 And with a respectable reference, which, of course, you can give her... 
 I can't get over how you've planned all this without a word to me. 
 Well, I knew you wouldn't agree. I know how you hate facing facts. 
 I resent that. I'm sorry, but I do. 
 Mrs Crawley, I hope you don't see me as an intolerant person. 
 No. 
 Because I agree with her Ladyship. 
 In a new place, where she can start again, Ethel has far more chance of happiness than in re-enacting her own version of The Scarlet Letter in Downton. 
 What is The <i>Scarlet</i> Letter? 
 A novel, by Nathaniel Hawthorne. 
 Well, it sounds most unsuitable. 
 I'll talk to Ethel. 
 I don't understand what you're saying. Thomas was doing what? 
 That's what I saw, Mr Carson. 
 And what was James doing? 
 I think he was asleep, because he just woke and he got very angry... 
 As he should have been, by God. 
 My auntie says he might have been faking his anger because I walked in, but it didn't look fake to me. 
 Well, you can always rely on your aunt to take the ungenerous view. 
 You will not speak of this to anyone. Is that clear? 
 I don't want to hear the subject even mentioned in the servants' hall. 
 Very good, Mr Carson. 
 The world can be a shocking place, Alfred. 
 But you are a man now and you must learn to take it on the chin. 
 Beg pardon, ma'am. I was miles away. 
 That's all right. I just wanted to let you know that I was back. 
 Would you like some tea? 
 No, thank you. I'm going straight to bed. 
 Ethel... 
 Are you happy? 
 Well, I suppose I'm happy compared to what I was before. 
 You see, I... 
 Never mind. Good night. 
 (CLOCK CHIMING) 
 Oh, how can I still be here when all the young have gone to bed? 
 The motor's ready when you are. 
 When is Jarvis leaving? 
 I'm not sure. It seems a poor return for 40 years of service. 
 Maybe. But he was your father's man. 
 To him, you were always the young master, never the chief. 
 Which does not alter the fact that now we must find someone else. 
 But you've already found him. 
 What do you mean? 
 Well, obviously the answer to a thousand different questions is to give the position to Branson. 
 Tom. 
 Well, if he's the agent, we can call him Branson again, thank heaven. 
 That's a mad plan. 
 It's not. 
 Tom and Matthew can work on the new ideas together, they're the same age. 
 But what does he know of farming? 
 His grandfather was a farmer. 
 In a small way. 
 Which means he has more practical experience than Jarvis ever had. 
 Think of the child. You cannot want your only granddaughter to grow up in a garage with that drunken gorilla. 
 Don't we owe this to Sybil? 
 I'll do it on one condition. No, two. First, Matthew must agree. 
 He will. 
 Second, you will both admit it when you realise you were wrong. 
 Oh, well, that is an easy caveat to accept, because I'm never wrong. 
 I don't need to tell you that this is a criminal of fence. 
 We hadn't done anything. 
 But you were hoping to do something if Alfred hadn't come in. 
 It's not against the law to hope, is it? 
 Don't you get clever with me when you should be horsewhipped! 
 Do you have a defence? Am I mistaken in any part of this? 
 Not really, Mr Carson. As for a defence, what can I say? 
 I was very drawn to him and I'd got the impression that he felt the same way. I was wrong. 
 It seems an odd mistake to make. 
 When you're like me, Mr Carson, you have to read the signs as best you can because no one dares speak out. 
 I do not wish to take a tour of your revolting world. 
 No. 
 So, are you saying that James is the innocent party in all this? 
 Yes, Mr Carson, he is. 
 I'll take time to consider. 
 And we must first find out what James intends to do. 
 He'd be within his rights to report you to the police. 
 Although I'm quite sure it won't come to that. 
 Will you give me your word that nothing had happened? 
 I will, yes. 
 Right. 
 Good night. 
 (KNOCK ON DOOR) 
 Mr Barrow looks very grim-faced. 
 Never mind him. 
 Human nature's a funny business, isn't it? 
 Now why didn't the poets come to you, Mr Carson? 
 They'd have saved themselves a lot of time and trouble. 
 TOM: What's this? ETHEL: I hope you don't mind. 
 If you could all form a group around the father. 
 Here. 
 Right. Mama, if you want to go next... 
 Here she is. 
 (COOING) 
 It seems so strange without Sybil here. 
 She's watching. I know. 
 I envy you. I wish I did. 
 Ever so slightly, thank you so much 
 You want me to take on the running of the whole estate? It's a big job. 
 Think of it as a christening present from Sybil. 
 It's a wonderful idea, Tom. I'm ashamed it wasn't mine. 
 Perhaps one with the grandfather holding the baby? 
 And maybe the great-grandmother with him? 
 Oh! 
 And what about Father Dominic who christened her? 
 (ROBERT CLEARS THROAT) 
 What's the matter, Robert? Are you afraid you'll be converted while you're not looking? 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 