Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x06 - Episode Six - Downton Abbey 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x06 - Episode Six https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=151&t=9204 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 11/06/11 19:44 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x06 - Episode Six 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [OPENING CREDITS] 
 
[EXT. DOWNTON ABBEY, GROUNDS - DAY] 
[Mary pushes Matthew's wheelchair across the grounds.] Lady Mary : I shall have arms like Jack Johnson if I'm not careful. Matthew Crawley : I'm strong enough to wheel myself. Lady Mary : I'll be the judge of that. [They pass a couple of officers with a nurse.] Officer : Morning. Matthew Crawley : I keep thinking about William. How he should be here. Not exactly instead of me, but sacrifice should be rewarded. He was the brave one. Lady Mary : You were both brave. And I don't think we can "should" about things that happen in war. It just happens. And we should live with it. [Carlisle and Robert watch them from the house window.] Sir Richard Carlisle : Ought I to be jealous? [Robert doesn't reply.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : I'm sorry, what were we talking about? Sir Richard Carlisle : I was asking about Hacksby Park. I'm taking Mary over there tomorrow. Lady Edith : Our Hacksby Park? Why? Are the Russells selling? Sir Richard Carlisle : Not officially, but I'm told they're open to offers. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Sad. The Russells and the Crawleys have been neighbours for centuries. Sir Richard Carlisle : They're not living there anymore. Robert, Earl of Grantham : It'll be strange for Mary. She's been going to that house ever since she was a little girl in a party dress. Lady Edith : We all have Sir Richard Carlisle : There's nowhere better near Downton. Robert, Earl of Grantham : I'm not sure how comfortable it is. Sir Richard Carlisle : Well, it will be comfortable when I'm finished with it. Central heating, modern kitchens, bathrooms with every bedroom. It's all possible. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Sounds more like an hotel. [Mr Carson enters to introduce a visitor.] Mr Carson : Major Clarkson. Dr Clarkson : Good morning Lord Grantham. Lady Edith. Sir. [Nods to each of them. Dr Clarkson : We've had a request. A Canadian major has asked to come here because of a family link with the house. We've taken officers from his regiment before, but I wanted to be sure you had no objection. Lady Edith : What's his name? Dr Clarkson : Gordon. Patrick Gordon. He was with Princess Patricia's Canadian Light Infantry at Passchendaele, caught in a blast and burned rather badly, I believe. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Poor fellow. Well, he's perfectly welcome. I'm not aware of how we are connected, but you never know. Dr Clarkson : Sir. [Clarkson nods and exits.] Jane : I've never worked in a house where a valet and a housemaid were wed. Anna : It'll be unusual, I agree. O'Brien : Hope it doesn't break us up, having you two set apart in a home of your own all special while the rest of us muddle on for ourselves. Anna : You sound as if you're jealous. O'Brien : I'm not jealous. I just don't want it to spoil things. Mr Bates : Why? Because we've all been such pals until now? [Daisy enters with a tray, a black mourning band on her arm. She sees them look at her for a moment and she exits without a word.] Anna : Give her time. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Matthew's making such progress. Isobel Crawley : I think so. But are we doing enough for him, for all of them, when it comes to rehabilitation? They're going to have to face a very different world after the war. Cora, Countess of Grantham : I agree. But they'll all be leaving Downton soon. Isobel Crawley : Leaving? Cora, Countess of Grantham : Well, Turkey's about to capitulate, and Robert says Vittorio Veneto will finish Austria. So, it's only a matter of weeks, even days, before it's over. We wouldn't send anyone home too soon, of course, but sometime in the new year, we will have our house back. Isobel Crawley : So you want it just to be a private house again? Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Well, shouldn't she? Or would you like to abolish private houses? Isobel Crawley : Well, that life of changing clothes and killing things and eating them, do you really want it again? Wouldn't you rather Downton was useful? Cora, Countess of Grantham : Oh, but it-- the house is useful. We provide employment and-- Isobel Crawley : Oh, please. Let me look into keeping it open as a centre of recovery. [Violet and Cora gape at Isobel.] Isobel Crawley : I could run it. The house could be so much more than it was before. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : What about you, Molesley? Are you looking forward to this brave new world of Mrs Crawley's imaginings? Mr Molesley : I'm glad of my job, milady, and I should very much like to hold onto it, with Mrs Crawley's permission. [Violet smiles as Molesley exits.] Isobel Crawley : Servants are always far more conservative than their employers. Everyone knows that. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Then I must be the exception that proves the rule. Lady Edith : Hello. My name's Edith Crawley-- Patrick Gordon : Lady Edith Crawley. I know. Second daughter of the house. Lady Edith : In charge of non-medical welfare. So, whatever you need in the way of errands run or books to read, then I'm your man. Patrick Gordon : Thank you. I--I hope this doesn't put you off. Lady Edith : I can assure you, at this stage there isn't much that puts me off. Patrick Gordon : Did they tell you we're related? [Patrick steps through the doorway, into the light. Edith is shocked by his facial scars.] Lady Edith : Er, yes. But I'm afraid I'm not much good at family history. Although, Papa's found an aunt in 1860 who married a Gordon. Perhaps that's a clue. Patrick Gordon : N--no. That isn't it. Lady Edith : Well, a--as I say, I'm hopeless. [Edith continues to avoid looking at him and turns to leave.] Patrick Gordon : I thought you'd recognize my voice, but of course I sound Canadian now. Lady Edith : You mean we've met before? Patrick Gordon : It was a long time ago. [Sybil steps in for a moment in her nurse's uniform.] Lady Sybil : Edith? I need you [Edith leaves with her.] Jane : It just explains what you're entitled to. Daisy Mason : That's kind, but let's face it, I'm not a widow, am I? Not really. Jane : Of course you are. Daisy Mason : No, I'm not. How long was I married? Six hours? Seven? I shouldn't've taken his name, except it were what he wanted. Jane : Well... [Jane puts the pamphlet on the table.] Jane : I'll leave it with you. [Jane leaves and Daisy turns to go.] Mrs Patmore : Daisy, it wouldn't please William if you don't take what's owing. He wanted you to be looked after Daisy Mason : No. You made me a liar while he was alive. You'll not make me be false to his memory. [Daisy leaves Mrs Patmore to think on that.] Sir Richard Carlisle : You can leave me, Brookes. Mr Brookes : Yes, sir. Mr Carson : Mr Bates said you wanted to see me, sir. [Carlisle's valet leaves.] Sir Richard Carlisle : Ah, yes. I asked you up here because I want to offer you a job. Mr Carson : I have a job, sir. Sir Richard Carlisle : Yes, of course you do. I'm sure you enjoy it. I don't mean to suggest I'm offering a better one. [Carson fetches Carlisle his dinner jacket.] Sir Richard Carlisle : Thank you. Although, it would mean a considerable increase in salary. Lady Mary and I intend to buy a home near Downton. It's a long way from London, but I've made enough money to please myself these days. I know she holds you in high regard. I believe she would very much appreciate your help when she first sets up house as a bride. Mr Carson : You mean, you wish me to leave Downton Abbey and transfer-- Sir Richard Carlisle : Tomorrow we go to see Hacksby Park. If we buy it, we'll take on the whole twelve-thousand acres. Mr Carson : No doubt you will discover many interesting walks to enjoy. Sir Richard Carlisle : Of course it's run down, but there's nothing wrong with it that money can't fix. So...what do you think? Mr Carson : One thing I must ask. Is Lady Mary aware that you have approached me? Sir Richard Carlisle : Not yet. I wanted to surprise her. She thinks highly of you, Carson. I hope I won't be taking on a rival. Mr Carson : I await Lady Mary's instruction. [Carson leaves.] Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : I don't dislike him, I just don't like him, which is quite different. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Did he talk about Hacksby? He's got ghastly plans for the place. Of course, Cora doesn't agree. Cora, Countess of Grantham : I'm an American. I don't share your English hatred of comfort. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Downton's comfortable enough for me. I can't wait to have it back. Cora, Countess of Grantham : That's if Cousin Isobel allows it. She turned up today with a hideous list of projects that stretch to 1920 and beyond. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Hmm. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Well, surely you can put her off Cora, Countess of Grantham : I don't know how once the bit's between her teeth. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Well, change the bridle. Find a cause that needs her more than Downton. Cora, Countess of Grantham : She's such a martyr Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Then we must tempt her with a more enticing scaffold. [Violet leaves for the evening.] Mr Bates : We're safe. We got the decree [?]. I'm sure it's all right. Anna : Except you're not sure. O'Brien : Not sure about what? Jane : What about you Sergeant? Have you started planning for after the war? Thomas : Not really, not yet. Mrs Patmore : I know what you should be doing. I know what we should all be doing. Thomas : Oh yeah? What's that? Mrs Patmore : Hording. It may be wrong, but this rationing is starting to bite, even with everyone's books, I'd a battle to get enough sugar for this week. Thomas : Are you suggesting the black market, Mrs Patmore? I'm shocked. Mrs Patmore : Oh, I doubt that very much. Mrs Hughes : I'm sorry I couldn't get down this week, but we've had a house full. Who's looking after the baby? Ethel : Oh, my neighbour, and she's lent me a bag so I can get back. [They hear a door rattle.] Mrs Hughes : Oh! Well, you'd best be off. [Mrs Hughes lets Ethel out into the rain. Ethel puts the food into the basket of a bicycle and takes off. Mrs Hughes closes the door and turns to find Mr Carson. She gasps.] Cora, Countess of Grantham : I can't, darling. I've got too much work. We're losing two of the nurses and I must re-arrange the roster. Robert, Earl of Grantham : But if Mary's out with Carlisle and Edith's going to Mama's, I'll be on my own. What about Sybil? Cora, Countess of Grantham : Sybil's on duty. Robert, Earl of Grantham : I wish you'd told me. I could've fixed something up for myself. Cora, Countess of Grantham : You could always ask Major Clarkson to join you, if you really can't be on your own for one luncheon. Robert, Earl of Grantham : I'll manage. [Cora walks off, leaving Robert at the bottom of the staircase.] Lady Mary : It's so empty. I didn't know they'd gone. Sir Richard Carlisle : They've given up. Lady Mary : You can't blame them. When Billy was killed, it knocked the stuffing out of them completely. What'll we do about furniture and pictures and everything? Sir Richard Carlisle : What does anyone do? Buy it, I presume. Lady Mary : Your lot buys it. My lot inherits it. We ought to be getting back. Sir Richard Carlisle : Why? What's at Downton that needs your attention so urgently? So, shall we rescue it? Shall we give the house another chapter? Lady Mary : Well, I suppose one has to live somewhere. Cora, Countess of Grantham : You're telling me we've been feeding Ethel for some time? Mrs Hughes : We have, milady. Well, supplementing her food. I didn't think you'd mind, what with the baby and all, but Mr Carson suggested you'd like to be informed all the same. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Carson is right, Mrs Hughes. Mrs Hughes : But the girl was our employee, and while she was in the wrong-- Mr Carson : Indeed, she was. Men will always be men, but for any young woman to let her judgment so desert her, Cora, Countess of Grantham : She's not the first girl to be taken in by a uniform. And don't worry, Carson, the baby will ensure she pays the price. Has she tried to get the father to assume some responsibility? Mrs Hughes : She's tried and failed, I'm afraid. Cora, Countess of Grantham : I wonder. If I were to write to Major Bryant inviting him to visit us again, maybe Lord Grantham can prevail on his good nature. Mrs Hughes : I'm not sure he's got one to prevail on. Mrs Hughes : Satisfied? Mr Carson : I feel sorry for Ethel, but I cannot condone her inability to pronounce a simple two letter word, "No." [Mr Carson checks his pocket watch.] Mr Carson : The wine delivery should've been here by twelve. Get me out of the dining room when they come. Mrs Hughes : Serve the main course and let Jane finish. He won't mind. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Has Carson abandoned me? Jane : He's dealing with a wine delivery, milord. Shall I fetch him? Robert, Earl of Grantham : No, no, I daresay we'll manage. I hope you're happy here and that your family arrangements are not proving too complicated. Jane : Your Lordship has a good memory. Robert, Earl of Grantham : All our lives are lived around our children. How old is your son? Jane : Twelve, milord. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Is he at the local school. Jane : He is, but he's trying for a scholarship to Ripon Grammar. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Ah. Is that a realistic prospect? Jane : I think so. He has a real talent for mathematics and his teachers believe it's worth a try. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Well done him. I'm impressed. Perhaps I can put in a word. Jane : I'm sure I should say he wants to do it all by himself, but-- but I'm not proud, so if you can say anything, milord, then, for heaven sake, do. [She laughs and he smiles at her.] Mr Carson  (reprimanding): Jane, have you finished in here? [Jane hurries out.] Mr Carson : I hope she wasn't talking out of turn, my lord. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Not at all. It was my fault, I asked her questions. Ethel : But, surely, if His Lordship asks him, he must do something. Mrs Hughes : Why? What difference will it make? We're not in the fourteenth century. Ethel : But when he hears that Lord Grantham knows what he's done-- Mrs Hughes : What's he done? That all young men aren't anxious to do behind the bicycle sheds every night? Ethel : Then what am I going to do? If Major Bryant doesn't come 'round? Mrs Hughes : Who knows. Go to a big city. Invent a past. You've broken the rules, my girl, and it's no good pretending they're easily mended. Mr Carson : Mr Bates, there's a telephone call for you. It's your lawyer. Anna : Should I come with you? [Bates nods and they go.] Thomas : Lady Mary was looking for you. Mr Carson : When was this? Thomas : When she got back from her outing. Mr Carson : And were you going to keep it a secret all day? O'Brien : I'm going to fetch me button box Officer : Thank you. [Edith walks over to Patrick Gordon.] Lady Edith : Any letters to post? Patrick Gordon : Look, I know I've changed, and not for the better, but even so, do you really still not recognise me? Lady Edith : I know. Why am I being so silly? Patrick Gordon : It's funny, isn't it? I came here all the time when I was growing up. Lady Edith : You were here? At Downton? You're not saying that you're... Patrick Gordon : Patrick. Yes, I am. That's exactly what I'm saying. I've just been hoping you'd realise without my having to spell it out. Lady Edith : But Patrick's-- Patrick Gordon : Dead? Drowned on the Titanic? Of course, this must be very hard for you. [He motions for her to sit on the cot across from him. She sits, trying to process this news.] Mr Bates  (on the telephone): That's ridiculous. (listens) No, I'm sorry. Of course I'm not saying it's your fault. It's mine. It's all mine. (listens) Yes. Thank you. Goodbye. [Bates hangs up the phone and takes a breath. Anna waits.] Mr Bates : She's only gone and told the judge that I paid her to agree to a divorce. Anna : I suppose you did, didn't you? Mr Bates : Yes, I bloody well did. Anna : So, what does it mean? Mr Bates : Because we withheld it from the court, it means the judge can withdraw the decree [?]. It means I'm not divorced after all. And, above all, it means...that I am a stupid...stupid, stupid man. [Anna goes to his side.] Anna : This won't change a thing. We are going to be together whether she wants it or not. If we have to leave here, if we have to leave the country, we are going to be together. [O'Brien is listening in through the wall.] Patrick Gordon : I was on the Titanic. That much is true. But I was pulled out of the water by Fifth Officer Lowe, the only one of them to come back. At least, that's what they said later. When I properly came 'round, they misidentified me as Canadian, shipped me up to Montreal. Lady Edith : I don't understand. Why didn't you just tell them who you were? Patrick Gordon : Because I couldn't remember. I don't know if it was the blow to the head or the-- the shock, or cold, but I had no memory. As far as I knew, I was Canadian. Lady Edith : So, what happened? Patrick Gordon : Well, I--I had no reason to go back to England, so in the end, I took my name from a gin bottle, and then, in 1914 I joined Princess Pat's Infantry. Lady Edith : Then what changed? Patrick Gordon : I was caught in a big explosion at Passchendaele. When I woke up, it all came back. Suddenly I knew who I was. I began to call myself Patrick again. Lady Edith : Why not your whole name? And why didn't you send a message at once? Patrick Gordon : I nearly did. And then I heard that Downton was an officer's convalescent home. I thought that if I came here and you knew me, the hard part would be over. Lady Edith : But we didn't know you. Patrick Gordon : Precisely. Lady Edith : I must talk to Papa. We've Matthew, the new heir, to think about. Patrick Gordon : Ah. The new heir. Yes, this will be very difficult for him, of course. Lady Edith : And it must be so hard for you, what with Mary getting married. Patrick Gordon : Did I love her very much? Lady Edith : Well, I'm the wrong person to ask. Patrick Gordon : Because you were the one who really loved me, you mean? Lady Edith : I never thought Patrick knew. Patrick Gordon  (crying): Well, he did. I--I do. Lady Mary : It's big. The staircase is prettier than the one here. But mainly, it's just big. Matthew Crawley : Can we stop? I'd much rather see your face when we talk. [Mary pushes the wheelchair up to a bench and sits down.] Matthew Crawley : So, will you buy it? Lady Mary : Probably. He says he wants to steal Carson to come and run it for us. Matthew Crawley : I don't envy you telling your Papa. Lady Mary : Hm. Suppose Carson won't do it. Matthew Crawley : Since he would open his veins for you, I don't think there's much doubt. Lady Mary : I don't have to marry him, you know. Matthew Crawley : Yes, you do. If I thought for a moment that I was an argument against your marriage, I should jump into the nearest river. Lady Mary : And how would you manage that without my help? Matthew Crawley : Well, I'd get you to push me in. [They chuckle.] Matthew Crawley : Seriously, I can only relax because I know that you have a real life coming. If I ever thought I was putting that in jeopardy, I'd go away and never see you again. Lady Mary : You don't mean that. Matthew Crawley : But I do. I am the cat that walks by himself and all places are alike to me. I have nothing to give and nothing to share. If you were not engaged to be married, I wouldn't let you anywhere near me. [Carlisle and Cora watch them from the house.] Sir Richard Carlisle : You'd think he was in Mary's sole charge. I'm worried it'll mean a big adjustment for him when we marry. Cora, Countess of Grantham : I don't believe Matthew has any desire to stop her marrying, Richard. Quite the contrary. Sir Richard Carlisle : Maybe. But is she as convinced as he is that they have no future? Cora, Countess of Grantham : What are you saying? Sir Richard Carlisle : I suppose I'm asking whether you want Mary to have children. Because if you do, isn't it time for Lavinia Swire to come back into his life? Lady Sybil : I wish I knew how an engine worked. Branson : I can teach you if you'd like. [Branson gets up. Sybil shakes her head.] Lady Sybil : That's Edith's territory. Branson : I thought you were avoiding me. [Sybil walks purposefully forward.] Lady Sybil : Of course not. Branson : But you haven't come up with an answer yet, have you? [Sybil ducks her head and stares at the floor.] Lady Sybil : Not yet, I'm afraid. I know you want to play your part in Ireland's troubles, and I respect that. But I just can't think about it all until the war is over. It won't be long now. So, will you wait? Branson : I'd wait forever. Lady Sybil : I'm not asking for forever. Just a few more weeks. Thomas : You know, Old Ma Patmore's not as mad as I thought. O'Brien : Why do you say that? Thomas : I made some inquiries and she's right. There's a big demand for rationed food if I can find it. O'Brien : And can you? Thomas : Maybe. Been given a name. I'll have to come up with the money, though. O'Brien : And can you find the money? Thomas : I think so. I've a bit put by, but I could borrow some. O'Brien : It's a risk, though, isn't it? Thomas : You got to speculate to accumulate. Hadn't you heard? O'Brien : No. But I know the one about neither a borrower nor a lender be. Robert, Earl of Grantham : What do you think? All the chaps are wearing them in London. Only for informal evenings, of course. Mr Bates : I'm not sure you'll get much use out of it when the war is over. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Maybe not. But I can wear it when Her Ladyship and I are on our own. You're very preoccupied tonight. [A knock at the door. Edith enters.] Lady Edith : Papa, can I have a word? Robert, Earl of Grantham : Now? [Robert nods to Bates and he leaves.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : What is it? Lady Edith : I think you better sit down. Lady Mary : I knew you'd be in here...making last minute adjustments. Mr Carson : Never leave anything to chance, my lady, that's my motto. Lady Mary : Mine too, really. Sometimes I wish it wasn't. I gather Sir Richard's asked you about coming with us when we're married. Mr Carson : I need to hear what you think. Lady Mary : It's a terrific idea. If anyone can keep me out of trouble, it's you. Mr Carson : What about His Lordship? Lady Mary : Of course he'll kill me. But I'm sure he'll understand. Mr Carson : Well, I'll give you my answer when you've spoken to His Lordship. It'd be a huge wrench for me to leave Downton. [Mary stares at Carson for a moment, then nods.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : Major Gordon, Edith has given me an account of your conversation. Patrick Gordon : She said she would. Robert, Earl of Grantham : I wish you'd spoken to me first. Obviously, I need time to consider what you've said. Patrick Gordon : Well, I--I can offer little proof except that I know things only the real Patrick would know. I was never fingerprinted or anything. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Presumably, you understand, that people will be seriously affected should your story be true. Patrick Gordon : You mean Cousin Matthew. Robert, Earl of Grantham : It would be very hard on Matthew. Patrick Gordon : Of course it would be. Robert, I-- [Robert reacts badly to the informal address.] Patrick Gordon : I--I mean, Lord Grantham, if you'd prefer it. Robert, Earl of Grantham : I would, until we know more. Patrick Gordon : When I was in the hospital, I had my story written down. [Patrick Gordon picks up a book painfully and hands Robert a letter from inside it.] Patrick Gordon : So you can have it checked as far as that's possible. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Thank you. I'll send it to my lawyers in London and I'll break the news to the family tomorrow. [Patrick makes the same gesture that Mary made when she said "no pack drill" back in episode 2x03.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : Where did you learn to do that? [Patrick (possibly) feigns innocence.] Patrick Gordon : Do what? [Robert stares at him for a moment.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : Nevermind. [Robert begins to leave.] Patrick Gordon : Am I really a stranger? Do you not recognise me at all? It feels very odd to be talking so formally. Robert, Earl of Grantham : The whole situation is certainly odd. That I freely admit. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : The war may be at an end, but the upheaval is only beginning. Isobel Crawley : Oh, how right you are. That is why Downton Abbey still has such an important role to play. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Well, dear me, there's so much to be done. When you think of all the children laid up with a disease. Isobel Crawley : But they're making such advances now aren't they? Now, could we talk about the lecture programme for Downton--? Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : We must, we must. If only I wasn't haunted by those women whose jobs will be snatched from them when the boys come home. Isobel Crawley : But we have to find work for our heroes, don't we? That must be our priority. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Mm. Isobel Crawley : However hard that might sound. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Mm. As you say. And what about those wretched refugees? What will become of them? Isobel Crawley : Ah. Now you've struck a chord. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Have I really? Oh, thank heaven. Isobel Crawley : What do you mean? Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Mm? Nothing. Only the thought of those poor men and women flung across Europe far from their homelands, and so much in need of your help. Isobel Crawley : My help? Why do you say that? Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : When it comes to helping refugees, your experience renders your value beyond price. One of the organisers said those words. Isobel Crawley : Which organiser? Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : I forget. Isobel Crawley : What about running Downton? I can't do both. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Well, I suppose you must decide what is more important: exercise classes and lectures on pottery, or helping men and women build a new life. Isobel Crawley : I must go. But I will think about it. [Violet rings the bell.] Isobel Crawley : Are you coming to Cousin Robert's dinner tonight? Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Are you? Isobel Crawley : Well, I didn't feel I could say no. He sent a note this morning and was most insistent. What's it about? Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : I have no idea. But we'll talk there. We're onto something for you. We mustn't let the iron grow cold, [Isobel smiles and exits.] Isobel Crawley (to the butler): Thank you. Robert, Earl of Grantham : You know there is nothing more ill-bred than to steal other people's servants. Lady Mary : But you're not "other people". And Carson brought me up. Robert, Earl of Grantham : What does he say? Lady Mary : That he won't do anything without your permission. Robert, Earl of Grantham : (chuckles/scoffs) Which, of course, is so cunning. How can I refuse a man who says that? What do you say, Bates? Mr Bates : I say Mr Carson must have the last word on where he lives and works. Robert, Earl of Grantham : You're ganging up on me. [Mary smiles a little and gives her Papa a kiss.] Lady Mary : You're a darling and I love you. Now, what's this dinner all about? [Robert looks upset.] Lady Mary : Won't you tell me? Robert, Earl of Grantham : You'll find out. 
 
 Robert, Earl of Grantham : I'm sorry if it's a bit of a crush. I didn't want to be overheard. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Are we talking financial ruin? Or criminal investigation? Robert, Earl of Grantham : Neither. I'll get straight to the point. We have a patient who has been badly burned who goes by the name of Patrick Gordon, but he claims to be Patrick Crawley. [They all balk at that.] Isobel Crawley : But I thought he was dead. Didn't he drown on the Titanic? Robert, Earl of Grantham : Well, of course, it is what we all thought until now. Lady Edith : They never found a body. Lady Mary : They never found lots of bodies. Sir Richard Carlisle : I'm so sorry, but I'm not quite on top of this. Who's Patrick Crawley? Matthew Crawley : The man who would displace me as heir. If he's alive, then I'm no longer the future Earl of Grantham. Lady Mary : It's ridiculous. How can it be true? Where's he been hiding for the last six years? Lady Edith : In Canada, suffering from amnesia. Robert, Earl of Grantham : He does have a story that would explain it. I'm not quite sure about how to test the facts. Lady Edith : He knows all sorts of things that only Patrick, or someone very close to him, would know. Lady Mary : What a stupid thing to say. Any fortune teller at a fair comes up with a dozen details he couldn't possibly know. Cora, Countess of Grantham : There's no need to be angry. This young man is either Patrick or he's not. There must be a way to find out. Is he like Patrick to look at? Lady Mary : He isn't like anything to look at. Robert, Earl of Grantham : I've sent his account up to George Murray in London to ask for his advice. Lady Mary : But what a waste of time and money. Lady Edith : What's the matter? We were all so fond of Patrick. You were going to marry him, for heaven's sake! Aren't you glad if he survived? Sir Richard Carlisle : Dear me, should I be worried? Lady Mary : Certainly not. This man is a fake and an imposter, and I think it's a cruel trick to play when Matthew's been through so much. [Mary is close to tears.] Matthew Crawley : My dear, don't be too quick to decide. You never know. This might be a blessing in disguise. Isobel Crawley : What do you mean? Matthew Crawley : Well, he seems a nice enough chap. He's not very pretty, of course, but he can walk 'round the estate on his own two legs and sire a string of sons to continue the line. All in all, I'd say that's a great improvement on the current situation. Sybil, could I prevail on you to take me back to my room? Lady Sybil : Of course. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Oh, Mrs Hughes, we've had a letter in the evening post from Major Bryant's father. He must've found it hard to write for it seems the Major has been killed in the Battle of Vittorio Veneto. Mrs Hughes : How sad. I'm sorry to hear it. Cora, Countess of Grantham : I know, and right at the end. But there we are. I'm afraid it's the end of our story, too. O'Brien : What story is that, milady? Cora, Countess of Grantham : A friend of Mrs Hughes knew the Major. Can you relay the news? Mrs Hughes : Of course. Will that be all? Cora, Countess of Grantham : Yes, thank you. O'Brien : Is that the Major Bryant that Ethel always thought so handsome, milady? Cora, Countess of Grantham : Too handsome for anyone's good. Jane : I... beg your parson, Your Lordship. I thought everyone had gone up. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Not yet. Jane : Is there anything I can fetch you? Robert, Earl of Grantham : Nothing that would help. Never mind me. Goodnight. [Robert leaves despondently and Jane watches him go.] Lady Edith : Not a shock, exactly, but obviously it was a tremendous surprise. Patrick Gordon : So, what happens next? Lady Edith : Papa has sent your statement up to a solicitor. [Patrick stops to stare at something.] Lady Edith : What is it? Do you remember this place? Patrick Gordon : Of course I do. Lady Edith : How we used to hide over there Patrick Gordon : Wasn't there a governess none of you liked? Lady Edith : Fräulein Kelda. Patrick Gordon : That's it. (fake German) Fräulein Kelda! [They laugh.] Patrick Gordon : What fun we used to make of her. Lady Edith : Do you know, I do recognise you now. Patrick Gordon : Do you? [Edith nods.] Patrick Gordon : You haven't changed at all. Not a jot. God knows I have. Lady Edith : It's not important. Patrick Gordon : Edith, if you really mean it, do you think, once it's all settled, we might talk again? [Edith nods. Patrick holds out his scarred hand and she takes it for a moment before they walk on.] Ethel : But if they read her ladyship's letter, won't his parents know? Mrs Hughes : I don't think so. She only wrote to invite them to pay a visit. She thought the subject of the baby would come better face to face. Ethel : Could I write to them? Mrs Hughes : You could try, but where's your proof? With him dead, you've no evidence at all. Ethel : Then I'm ruined. Mrs Hughes : You were ruined already, my girl, so don't let's go overboard. Ethel : How's that new maid getting on? The widow with the little boy? Mrs Hughes : Very well, thank you. Why? Ethel : Just thinking. Everyone wants to help her. To feed her, to find her work, because her son's father is dead. But so is the father of my son. Where's the difference? Mrs Hughes : The difference is, Jane is a respectable married woman that some man chose to be his wife. Ethel : Is that enough? Mrs Hughes : It is in the real world. Sir Richard Carlisle : Carson, I wonder if I could be put on the London train at nine o'clock tomorrow morning. Mr Carson : His Lordship's valet is catching that one. Would you object to his riding in the front with the chauffeur? Sir Richard Carlisle : Not at all. Er, meanwhile, have you given my proposition any thought? Mr Carson : A great deal, Sir Richard. Sir Richard Carlisle : I'll be back on the night of the tenth. Perhaps you could let me have your answer then. [Mr Carson gives him a little bow. Mary enters.] Lady Mary : Answer to what? Sir Richard Carlisle : As to whether Carson will be captain of our ship. Lady Mary : With you at the helm, there's much more chance of a smooth crossing. Mr Bates : Your Lordship, I need to go to London tomorrow. I've spoken to Mr Carson, he has no objection. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Please say this concerns property and not the former Mrs Bates. Mr Bates : I only wish she was the former, milord. Or better still, the late. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Indeed? Mr Bates : I have to reason with her, I have no other choice. She's found a reason to delay things again. No, not delay. She's found a way to ruin things. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Be sensible, Bates. Above all, do not lose your temper. Mr Carson : A German republic? No, I don't think so, Mr Branson. The Kaiser will go, I grant you, and maybe the Crown Prince, too, but there'll be a regency, mark my words. Monarchy is the lifeblood of Europe. Branson : Sorry, Mr Carson, but I think you'll find the kings and emperors've had their day, if President Wilson has anything to say about it. Mr Bates : I'll have to go up to London. Anna : But what will you say to her that you haven't said already? Mr Bates : I don't know, but I know staying here won't make any difference. O'Brien : You're always going up and down to London these days, Mr Bates. Mr Bates : I have business in London. O'Brien : Oh, yes? Well, judging by your expression, your business doesn't seem to be prospering. Anna : The trick of business is mind your own. Robert, Earl of Grantham : I'm sorry to disturb you, but I-- [There's a great shuffling of chairs and silverware as the servants all stand.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : I've just heard news from the war office and I thought you'd all like to know...that the war is over. [There is much rejoicing.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : Cease fire will begin at eleven o'clock on the morning of the eleventh of November. Mrs Patmore : Why can't it begin now? Thomas : The eleventh of the eleventh seem pretty tidy to me. Robert, Earl of Grantham : We will mark the moment in the great hall, and I expect all of you, including the kitchen staff and hall boys, everyone, to be there. And Carson... [Robert motions for Carson to step aside with him. Mrs Patmore hugs Daisy.] Mrs Patmore : Oh, such good news. Mrs Hughes : Is there anymore glass [?] [The servants all drink a toast.] All : To peace. Isobel Crawley : The truth is, Cora, there is a reason for inviting you here today and I very much fear I'm going to be a great disappointment to you. [Cora cringes as she waits for the unpleasant news that Isobel might continue to invade Downton.] Cora, Countess of Grantham : Oh? Isobel Crawley : Cousin Violet is, in part, to blame. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Yes, I usually am. Isobel Crawley : It was she who drew my attention to the plight of the war refugees. I feel very guilty since I chivvied you and now I'm jumping ship. But I can't run Downton as well. Cora, Countess of Grantham : You must go where you can make a difference. Isobel Crawley : Well, this is what I think, but I hope you'll consider keeping the house open without me. Cora, Countess of Grantham : I must be honest with you. It was your idea, not ours, so I doubt very much we'll go on with it now. But what does that matter when one thinks of the work you'll be doing? Don't you agree, Mama? Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Well-- I-- I can't find the words to say how I feel. What do you-- what do you think Molesley? Mr Molesley : Sometimes fate knows best, milady. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : I couldn't put it better myself. Isobel Crawley : Well. Cora, Countess of Grantham : There really is something for her to do? Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Absolutely. It's all set up. I had to promise to be a patron, but it seemed a small price to pay. Cora, Countess of Grantham : I know it was for Robert and the girls, but I thank you without irony from the bottom of my heart. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : And I accept your thanks, my dear, with no trace of irony either. [They grin at each other.] Lady Edith : Lawyers take forever to answer anything, so they can charge more. Patrick Gordon : But the others don't believe me, do they? Not like you. Lady Edith : I think they want to be certain Patrick Gordon : But how can they ever be? If the lawyer casts even the slightest doubt, won't that give them the excuse to cut me out and stay with Matthew? If only one of them recognised me! Lady Edith : They will do. Soon. Patrick Gordon : No, they won't. They've forgotten me. [Patrick slams the table. Everyone looks over, including Sybil.] Patrick Gordon : I'm a stranger to them now! [Everyone turns back to their own tables pretending as if nothing happened.] Lady Edith : You're not a stranger to me. [Patrick doesn't seem to take comfort in this.] O'Brien : I wouldn't be Vera Bates. He left here at dawn with a face like thunder. Wonder if she knows what she started. Thomas : If I were you, I'd keep out of it. Anna : Wise words. Mrs Patmore : How did you get on? Jane : Yeah, it was interesting. Daisy, I wish you'd let me tell you about it. Daisy Mason : There's no point. O'Brien : No point in what? Daisy Mason : Jane keeps making out I'm a war widow. But I'm not, am I ? You all know that. I married William on his deathbed. That don't count. Anna : Course it counts. Daisy Mason : I don't think so. And I wasn't good to him. He thought I loved him, but I didn't. Not like he loved me. I should never have married him in the first place, only you-- Mrs Hughes : Marrying him was a great kindness. Daisy Mason : No, it wasn't kind. It was wrong. [Daisy rushes out, upset. She runs into Bates on her way out.] Mrs Hughes : Mr Bates! How did you get here? Mr Bates : I walked from the station. Mr Carson : You should've said. We'd've sent someone to meet you. Mr Bates : I was glad of the walk. I was glad of the air. [Anna exits with Bates.] Anna : I never thought you'd be back tonight. How was it? Mr Bates : Worse than you can possibly imagine. Anna : What's...? [Anna looks at the bruise on Bates's face. He stops her hand and exits ominously. Anna re-enters the servants' dining hall and O'Brien mulls over their tête-à-tête.] Lady Mary : I assume that whatever Mr Murray has told you means the man is a fake. You can't have asked Matthew to be here unless you know that. Robert, Earl of Grantham : It's very complicated. Lowe was the only officer to go back to the site of the wreck. He did pull some people out of the sea, and it seems one of the men was unidentified. Lady Edith : There. [Mary roles her eyes.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : One if the reports has him dying before they reached the Carpathia. Lady Mary : Precisely. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Another witness says the man did get to New York alive, but there's no clear record of his name. Lady Edith : Which could be Patrick Crawley. Robert, Earl of Grantham : There's more. There was a Peter Gordon who worked with Patrick at the foreign office. Now, he emigrated to Montreal in 1913. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : When his face was blown away, he decided every cloud has a silver lining. He was perfectly placed to impersonate his dead friend. I mean, no doubt they shared confidences, so he just brushed them up and put himself forward for a major inheritance. Lady Mary : Granny's right. All he needed was a survivor from the Titanic who was unaccounted for, and he found one. Lady Edith : But the Titanic story bears out Patrick's version in every way. Cora, Countess of Grantham : What do you think? [Robert looks at Matthew before answering.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : I don't know what to think. Lady Mary : How can you even hesitate? Lady Edith : But Mary, you haven't heard the things he remembers. Lady Mary : I don't need to. I remember how we played, and your pony, and your birthday, and how we hid in the garden from the nasty governess. What other memories would you have of a childhood spent here? Robert, Earl of Grantham : Murray will continue to investigate. So, Edith, can we be polite to the man, but nothing more? The end of the war should make it easier to unearth the evidence. That is all for the time being. [The family starts to disperse.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : I thought Carlisle was going to come back for our ceremony tomorrow, but he never sent a train time. Lady Mary : He's driving up. He'll be here in time for dinner tonight. [Mary leaves and only Matthew and Robert are left.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : I'm sorry I can't be more decisive. Matthew Crawley : Don't be. I meant what I said the other day. It'll take a man who's more than I am now to follow you. So don't think about me. Robert, Earl of Grantham : My dear chap, how can you say that? I never think about anything else. Patrick Gordon : Well, what do they make of this Peter Gordon character they've uncovered? Do they think that's who I am? Lady Edith : Do you remember him? Patrick Gordon : Very well. Peter and I were good friends. Very good friends. Lady Edith : Did you know he moved to Canada? Patrick Gordon : How could I? When I'd forgotten who I was until two months ago. Lady Edith : Of course. Patrick Gordon : So, what will they do now? Lady Edith : Track him down, I imagine. Find out what happened to him. Patrick Gordon : Suppose he joined the Princess Pat Light Infantry. Lady Edith : I don't understand. What are you saying? Why would he? Patrick Gordon : You're very sweet, you know. So sweet you make me think that all things are possible. But perhaps the lesson is you can't go back. Lady Edith : You're tired, and I don't blame you, but you're not to give up. I won't let you. We'll find this Peter Gordon, I know we will. Patrick Gordon : Yes. I expect you will. Mrs Hughes : We'll be going in to dinner in a minute. Mr Carson : We've built a good [?] here, you know. I'm not saying it's legendary, but it's nothing to be ashamed of. Mrs Hughes : You've made your mind up, then? Mr Carson : I think so. Yes, I think I have. But with a heavy heart, Mrs Hughes. Mrs Hughes : And just when we thought we were getting back to normal. Mr Carson : Don't tell me you'll miss me. Mrs Hughes : I will, Mr Carson. Very much. And it costs me nothing to say it. Mr Carson : Thank you. That means a lot to me. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Shall we go through with the ladies, let them get in here? Matthew Crawley : Of course. Cora, Countess of Grantham : I wonder what happened to Richard. Lady Mary : He'll have started late and... [Richard enters.] Sir Richard Carlisle : Oh, I do apologise lady Grantham. We got stuck in Royston and a cart had overturned in Baldock. [Lavinia enters, to everyone's surprise but Cora's.] Cora, Countess of Grantham : Hello, my dear. How lovely to see you. Lavinia : You sure? Sir Richard said you were expecting me, but are you? Robert, Earl of Grantham : Of course we are. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Can you take Matthew into the small library? Are you hungry? We finished, but Mrs Hughes can easily put something on a tray. Carson? [Carson exits. No one is pleased with Cora.] Matthew Crawley : Nothing's changed. Lavinia : But, you see, it has. Because I've changed. When I was last here, I was so bowled over that I let you send me away. But not this time. I love you. I'm going to look after you, that's all there is to it. Matthew Crawley : And if I refuse? Lavinia : I'm sorry, but I mean it. You won't frighten me away, whatever you do. [Edith and Sybil enter.] Lady Edith : It seems such a waste of time to drive from London and get stuck in every town on the way. Lady Sybil : Oh, I don't agree. I'd love to drive and you'd better [?]. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Before you scold me, it's no good pretending Mary is not a good deal too attached to Matthew. Robert, Earl of Grantham : So you summon Lavinia? To be sacrificed like some latter day Iphigenia doomed to push his chair through all eternity? Cora, Countess of Grantham : Robert. It's quite simple. Do you want Mary's marriage to be a success? Do you want grandchildren? Robert, Earl of Grantham : Sometimes, Cora, you can be curiously unfeeling. [Robert takes a drink and Cora leaves.] Lady Mary : Suppose he doesn't want her back? Have you thought of that? Sir Richard Carlisle : He needs someone to look out for him. Lady Mary : Yes, but— Sir Richard Carlisle : And you'll be too busy with our new life, won't you? Lady Mary : Look, I know you're used to having your own way— [Carlisle grabs her and pushes her against a column.] Sir Richard Carlisle : Yes, I am. And I'll say something now I hope won't have to repeat. If you think you can jilt me, or in some way set me aside, I tell you now, you have given me the power to destroy you, and don't think I won't use it. I want to be a good husband, and for you to be happy, but don't ever cross me, do you understand? Never. [He kisses her.] Sir Richard Carlisle : Absolutely never. [Mary nods.] Lady Edith : What's happened to Major Gordon? Lady Sybil : He's gone. Lady Edith : But he can't have. When? Lady Sybil : After breakfast. We couldn't very well stop him. The war's over. He left this for you. [Sybil hands Edith a note. Edith and Sybil sit down on the bed as she opens it.] Lady Sybil : What does it say? Lady Edith : "It was too difficult. I'm sorry." - P. Gordon. Lady Sybil : "P" for Patrick or "P" for Peter? Lady Edith : I know what you think, but I don't accept it. We drove him away. His own family drove our cousin away. Lady Sybil : But you believed in him, whoever he was, and that's worth something. [Edith leaves the room upset.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : I think while the clock strikes, we should all make a silent prayer to mark the finish of this terrible war, and what that means for each and every one of us. Let us remember the sacrifices that have been made and the men who will never come back, and give them our thanks. [The clock chimes and the soldiers all stand (or sit) at attention. The eleventh chime fades and Robert relaxes.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : Thank you, everyone. [The officers stand at ease.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : Remember that this is not just the end of a long war, but it is the dawn of a new age. God bless you all. [Everyone departs and Lavinia begins to push Matthew's wheelchair.] Mr Bates : Let me help you with that. Lavinia : Can you get him back to his room? I'll open the door. [Lavinia walks off and Mr Bates begins to push Matthew's chair. Matthew is startled.] Matthew Crawley : My God. [Bates stops.] Mr Bates : Something wrong, sir? Matthew Crawley : No, nothing. Bates, if I felt... Mr Bates : If you felt what, sir? Matthew Crawley : It doesn't matter. Not yet. [Matthew looks down at his legs.] Matthew Crawley : Not until I feel it again. Mr Carson : I thought that was very dignified, very calming. Thank you, my lord. Robert, Earl of Grantham : I don't suppose you're having any doubts about leaving? Mr Carson : I'm afraid not, my lord. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Well, I can't say I'm not sorry. Mr Carson : I won't go until we've found a proper replacement, Robert, Earl of Grantham : Whoever we find won't replace you. [Carson and Robert continue to stand on the front step, hands clasped behind their backs.] Anna : Yes, of course. Mr Carson : Mr Bates, telegram for you. [Carson hands Bates the telegram and he opens it. It's obviously not good news. Bates hands the note to Anna as he leaves the table. She reads it.] Thomas : What was that about? Anna : His wife's dead. [They're all shocked.] Anna : Someone found her early this morning. [Anna leaves. We see a shot of Vera Bates dead on the floor somewhere with a broken cup next to her.] 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 