Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x04 - Episode Four - Downton Abbey 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x04 - Episode Four https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=151&t=9202 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/23/11 07:53 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x04 - Episode Four 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [OPENING TITLES] 
 
[INT. DOWNTON - MORNING] 
[Edith hands out the post.] Lady Edith : Mary, the men are arranging the concert now and they're so anxious for us both to be in it or there'll be no girls at all. Please say you will. Lady Mary : Do I have to? Cora, Countess of Grantham : Yes, you do. Keeping their spirits up is an important part of the cure and it's so very little to ask. Isobel Crawley : What's going on? Lady Edith : The men are putting on a concert. Isobel Crawley : Can I help? Cora, Countess of Grantham : Edith has it under control. Lady Edith : I do if Mary's willing. Lady Mary : Oh, all right. One song, and that's your lot. Isobel Crawley : What time is Dr Clarkson round? Cora, Countess of Grantham : It's already happened. Isobel Crawley : Without me? Why? I'm not very late. Cora, Countess of Grantham : We didn't see the need to wait. Mrs Hughes, I need to steal you for a minute. I have to check the linen books. Isobel Crawley : But I went over them last week. Mrs Hughes : Very good, milady. I'll get started. Isobel Crawley : Surely I can-- Cora, Countess of Grantham : Anna, can you tell Mrs Patmore it'd be easier for me to go through the menus this afternoon. Anna : Of course, Your Ladyship. Isobel Crawley : Cousin Cora-- Cora, Countess of Grantham : Please, can it wait? I've a mountain to get through. [Isobel's left standing in the entry with her clipboard, feeling superfluous.] Lady Edith : There's a parcel for you. Officer : Thank you. Lady Edith : There's a little one for you. [Edith hands a small package to an officer.] Lady Edith : This one looks as if it's been opened, but it hasn't. [Lady Edith hears a giggle and looks over to see Ethel leaning close to Major Bryant.] Lady Edith : Ethel, have you nothing to do? [Ethel leaves just as Mrs Hughes enters.] Major Bryant : I was keeping her talking. You mustn't blame her. Lady Edith : I don't. [Mrs Hughes looks disapprovingly at Major Bryant and walks away.] Lady Mary : What a lovely day. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Are you quite sure about Lavinia? Lady Mary : She wasn't Sir Richard's mistress. She gave him the evidence to settle a debt of...someone she loved. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : And this is your beau, is it? A man who lends money, then uses it to blackmail the recipient? Lady Mary : He lives in a tough world. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : (sigh) And will you be joining him there? Lady Mary : Richard Carlisle is powerful. He's rich and getting richer. He wants to buy a proper house, you know. With an estate. He says, "After the war, the market will be flooded and we can take our pick." Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Oh. [Violet walks towards a bench.] Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : And you can dance on the grave of a fallen family. [They sit.] Lady Mary : They will fall. Lots of them. Some won't rise again, but I don't intend to be among them. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : That leaves Matthew. Lady Mary : That's done now, Granny. Finished. It's time to move forward. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : What about Sybil? Does she have anyone in her sights? Lady Mary : Not that I know of. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Are you sure she has no chap in mind? How odd. I had an endless series of crushes at her age. Lady Mary : I don't think so. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Not even some man she doesn't care to mention? Lady Mary : What do you mean? Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Well, war breaks down barriers, and when peacetime re-erects them, it can be very easy to find oneself on the wrong side. Lady Mary : Really, Granny. How can you say that I am too worldly, but Sybil's not worldly enough? You cannot be so contrary. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : I'm a woman, Mary. I can be as contrary as I choose. Isobel Crawley : But I don't understand. The patients are always served their luncheon at half past twelve. Mrs Patmore : Well, today they'll be served at one. Mrs Hughes : Is there something I can help with? Isobel Crawley : Mrs Patmore seems to be disobeying my instructions, and I can't get to the reason why. Mrs Hughes : If you mean the patients' new lunchtime, Her Ladyship felt that it made the staff luncheon unreasonably early. She moved it so that they could eat at noon. Isobel Crawley : But that will interfere with the nurses' shifts. Mrs Hughes : Oh, no, she's altered those, too. Isobel Crawley : Has she indeed? Well, we'll see about that. [Isobel leaves.] Mrs Hughes : It was always a question of when. Isobel Crawley : May I have a word? Cora, Countess of Grantham : Can it wait? Isobel Crawley : No, it cannot wait. [Isobel enters and closes the door.] Isobel Crawley : I've just come from downstairs where I learned that my timetable has been wantonly disregarded. Cora, Countess of Grantham : If you mean the new lunchtime, the wretched servants were having to eat at eleven, and then starve until their tea at six. So, I felt-- Isobel Crawley : I also discovered that you've torn up the nurses' timetable. Cora, Countess of Grantham : I've haven't torn up anything-- Isobel Crawley : Of course, it would be foolish to accuse you of being unprofessional, since you've never had a profession in your life. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Now, just a minute-- Isobel Crawley : You may think that you have the right to ordain the universe, but in this field-- Cora, Countess of Grantham : No, not in this field. In this house, yes, I do have the right. Given me by Dr Clarkson, and by the law of the land. This is my house. And I am in charge right alongside you. And if you would stop your bullying-- Isobel Crawley : That's enough, I will not listen to this. [Cora glares at Isobel.] Isobel Crawley : If I am not appreciated here, I will seek some other place where I will make a difference. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Good. Isobel Crawley : I mean it! I cannot operate where I am not valued. You must see that. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Certainly. [Isobel's face falls.] Isobel Crawley : I shall go. I will. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Perhaps it would be best. [Isobel starts to panic.] Isobel Crawley : I repeat, I mean it. Cora, Countess of Grantham : I'm sure you do. And so do I. [Cora turns back to her desk and Isobel's jaw drops.] Lady Sybil : Why did you promise Carson not to stage anymore protests when you wouldn't promise me? [Branson looks at Sybil.] Branson : I had my reasons. Lady Sybil : You won't be content to stay at Downton forever, will you? Tinkering away at an engine instead of fighting for freedom? I thought you'd join the rising in Dublin last Easter. Branson : Might've...if it hadn't been put down in six short bloody weeks. But don't fret. The real fight for Ireland will come after the war and I'll be ready for it. [Mary pauses on her way to the garage when she sees them talking.] BRANSON (distant) 
You're not the only one. [Back to Branson and Sybil.] Branson : The truth is, I'll stay in Downton until you want to run away with me. Lady Sybil : Don't be ridiculous. Branson : You're too scared to admit it, but you're in love with me. Lady Mary : Branson, could you take me into Ripon at three? [To Sybil] I'm getting some things for Mama, is there anything you want? Lady Sybil : Nothing you can find in Ripon. [Sybil gives Branson an irritated look as she marches off. Branson watches her leave and Mary watches Branson before turning back to the house. ] Dr Clarkson : Well, it is her house. Isobel Crawley : Does that mean she's suddenly received a medical training? Dr Clarkson : No. Isobel Crawley : Or are you like everyone else in thinking that, because she's a countess, she has acquired universal knowledge by divine intervention? Dr Clarkson : Mrs Crawley, convalescent homes are not about medical training. They are far more to do with good food, fresh air, and clean sheets. Isobel Crawley : Very well. I've had a letter from a cousin in Paris who is working for the wounded and missing inquiry department. They've opened a branch in northern France under the aegis of the Red Cross. I shall offer them my services. Dr Clarkson : That's-- that's very drastic. Isobel Crawley : I have to go where I am useful. And that place, I'm afraid, is no longer Downton Abbey. Dr Clarkson : You'll be missed. Isobel Crawley : By you, possibly. I hope so, anyway. But not, I think, by Lady Grantham. Lady Mary : ♫ If you were the only girl in the world and I were the only boy. ♫ [Robert enters as they finish and applauds with the officers.] Lady Edith : (sighs) I wish we had a man. Lady Mary : Amen. Lady Edith : It would sound so much richer. But all the volunteers are spoken for. [Mary walks to her father.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : How's it going? Lady Mary : All right, I suppose. If you don't mind singers who can't sing and actors who can't act. Robert, Earl of Grantham : It helps to keep their spirits up. Lady Mary : So they say. Although I can't think why. Robert, Earl of Grantham : I had a letter this morning from Sir Richard Carlisle. Lady Mary : Oh? Robert, Earl of Grantham : He-- [Robert waits for an officer to pass by.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : He tells me he proposed when he was staying here. He apologises for not asking my permission, but he's asking it now. Well, have you decided? Is that why he's written? Lady Mary : No. But I have made the decision. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Which is? Lady Mary : I think I should take him. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Do you really, my darling? I wish I could believe in your motives. Lady Mary : Why? What were your motives when you married Mama? Robert, Earl of Grantham : Your mother has made me very happy. Lady Mary : Perhaps Sir Richard will make me very happy. Robert, Earl of Grantham : What about Matthew? Lady Mary : Not you, too. Poor Matthew. What must he do to persuade you he's in love with Lavinia? Open his chest and carve her name on his heart? Robert, Earl of Grantham : Write to him. Tell him of your plans with Carlisle. You owe him that. Lady Mary : I don't think I owe him anything. But I'll write to him if you like. [Robert watches her leave.] Isobel Crawley : I'll try to send you an address, but you can always get me through the Red Cross. Mr Molesley : Very good, Ma'am. [Isobel turns to the maid/cook.] Isobel Crawley : And I'll try to contact Captain Crawley, explain to him what's happened. If he does get leave, he'll probably come to me or stay in London. But if I miss him, and he turns up here, I know you'll look after him. Mrs Bird : Of course I will, Ma'am. Isobel Crawley : Cook him what he likes, not what's good for him. [Mrs Bird chuckles.] Mrs Bird : Y--you don't know when you'll be back? [Isobel steps into the car.] Isobel Crawley : I don't think one knows anything in wartime. I'll try to give you warning. But in the mean time, look after yourselves. Now, I mustn't miss my train. [Branson closes the door. Molesley and Bird smile at Isobel and she looks upset as she contemplates her decision for a moment before they drive off.] Mr Molesley : So, what now? Lady Mary : Anna said you were honouring us with your presence at dinner. Lady Sybil : It's easier here in the hospital. And I can always get changed back into my uniform if I need to. Lady Mary : What were you talking to Branson about? When I came into the yard? Lady Sybil : Nothing. [Sybil walks away from the mirror.] Lady Mary : Then why were you there? Lady Sybil : Why were you there? Lady Mary : Because I was ordering the motor. That is why one talks to chauffeurs, isn't it? To plan journeys by road. Lady Sybil : He is a person. He can discuss other things. Lady Mary : I'm sure he can. But not with you. Lady Sybil : What do you want from me? Am I to see if Sir Richard Carlisle has a younger brother? One who's even richer than he is? Lady Mary : Darling, what's the matter with you? I'm on your side. Lady Sybil : Then be on my side! Lady Mary : "So there we have it. I look forward to introducing the two of you, just as soon as you are next at home, which naturally, I trust will be very soon indeed. Please be glad for me, as I will always be for you. Your affectionate cousin, Mary." [note actually reads: "...happy to hear has come to pass. I look forward to introducing you to Sir Richard, just as soon as..."] Matthew Crawley : No, we don't need anyone with us. The Sergeant knows what we're doing. [Matthew picks up the stuffed dog that Mary gave him, which is sitting next to Lavinia's picture.] William : But what are we patrol in for? Matthew Crawley : You've been taking those logic pills again. This is the army, Mason. We're going on a patrol, because we're going on a patrol. William : Has Mary set a date yet for the wedding? Matthew Crawley : She doesn't say. I think she's hoping the war will be over soon and they can set a date then. William : She could've waited and told you when she saw you. Matthew Crawley : I don't think she knows I'm due back. Have you warned Daisy or will it be a surprise? William : No, I told her we're coming to Downton first. Then I'll visit me dad and go back to see her for a day at the end. Matthew Crawley : Just think fresh Yorkshire air followed by London and Miss Swire. William : All right for some, sir. Matthew Crawley : You'd never swap though, would you? William : No, I'd never swap. O'Brien : Bates in a pub? I can't see that. I think your pal's mistaken. [Daisy walks by.] Thomas : He met him here twice before the war. Listen, "I said to him, 'Hello, Mr Bates.' and he walked off and wouldn't serve me after." O'Brien : Next thing you know, we'll have Anna running across the county dragging him back by his stick. Thomas : I'm surprised he isn't here of his own accord with His Lordship having no valet since the loony went. O'Brien : Don't speak ill of Mr Lang. Thomas : You're a funny one. Talk about sweet and sour. Better get back. Mrs Bird : Want a cup? Mr Molesley : Not really. Mrs Bird : What were you doing? Mr Molesley : Let's see. I've tidied the study, twice. And I've rearranged the coats in the hall. I might check his clothes for moth. What about you? Mrs Bird : We've cleaned everything three times over. And I've sent Beth into the village for some eggs to pickle, though the mistress doesn't really like them. Mr Molesley : Well, she never eats properly anyway. Not on her own. I [?] can't do much with supper on a tray. [A dirty, homeless man walks into the kitchen with a cane.] Stranger : Beg pardon for troubling you, only the door was open. Mr Molesley : Yeah, but the front gate was not. Stranger : No. Mrs Bird : What do you want? Stranger : Have you got any spare food? Mrs Bird : Spare food? What's that when it's at home? [The man nods and starts to leave.] Mr Molesley : Hang on, hang on. Wait. You from around here? Stranger : Not far. I used to work on the farm once, but, er... [He indicates his cane and bad leg.] Stranger : Not anymore. Mr Molesley : You get that in the war? Stranger : Don't pity me. I'm one of the lucky ones. [Moseley and Mrs Bird exchange a look.] Mrs Bird : I might have something for you. Mr Molesley : Come on. Mr Carson : Hello, Mr Molesley. Mr Molesley : They told me you were up here. I hope you don't mind my bothering you. Mr Carson : Not a bit. What can I do for you? Mr Molesley : Well, actually, Mr Carson I've been thinking there might be something I could do for you. Mr Carson : Mm? Mr Molesley : That brushing, for instance. [Mr Carson chuckles and hands Mr Molesley the brush.] Mr Molesley : I don't like having nothing to do. What with Captain Crawley away at the war and with his mother in France alongside him, and then His Lordship's without a valet a--and your plate is piled so high. Mr Carson : I am quite occupied, it's true. Mr Molesley : So, I thought I'd look in and give you a hand. Brushing, mending, cleaning shoes, whatever's needed. Mr Carson : Well, that's kind of you, Mr Molesley. We shall have to watch ourselves or else His Lordship will want to pinch you off Captain Crawley. [Molesley chuckles.] Daisy : But he said he'd be here by now and he's not. Mrs Hughes : You mustn't worry about him, Daisy. Daisy : I'm not worried like that exactly. But this is William. I think we should all be worried. Mrs Hughes : Anything might've happened. Maybe his leave was cancelled. At times like these, people vanish and turn up again in the strangest places. Daisy : Like Mr Bates in that pub. [Daisy realises Mrs Hughes has stopped walking and turns around to look at her.] Mr Carson : Working in a public house? Daisy : That's what he said. I thought they'd have told you. Mr Carson : That doesn't seem likely that a trained valet like Mr Bates would be content to work in a public house. Daisy : Well, that's what he said. Mr Carson : Have you mentioned this to Anna? Daisy : I haven't said anything to anyone. I thought you all knew. Perhaps you should ask Thomas. Mr Carson : Oh, I will ask Thomas, don't you worry about that, my girl. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Didn't it occur to you that we might be interested to hear it? Thomas : Not particularly. As far as I knew, Mr Bates had left your employment. Robert, Earl of Grantham : You didn't think to tell Carson? Thomas : I'm not under Mr Carson's command now, Your Lordship. Mrs Patmore : [?] Daisy! Go to bed before you strain your eyes. [Daisy heads out, but Thomas blocks her way as he enters.] Thomas : Thank you, Daisy for telling Mr Carson all about my private letter. Daisy : I didn't know it was a secret. Sorry if I was wrong. Thomas : There's no "if" about it. [Daisy leaves.] O'Brien : Why answer His Lordship at all? Thomas : What did you want me to do? Tell him to get knotted? O'Brien : He doesn't pay your wages. Thomas : I'll say. But I won't put you down for a career in diplomacy, then. O'Brien : What's he after? To get Bates back? Thomas : If Mr Bates wanted his job back, he'd have written for it himself. Ethel : Why would he want his job back? He's like you, he got away. Thomas : He's not very like me, thank you. Ethel : But you're both free of all the bowing and scraping and "Yes, my lord" and "No, my lord." I envy him. I envy you. 'Cause I'm ready for a new adventure and I don't care who hears me. O'Brien : Well, you know what they say, be careful what you wish for. BRANSON (V.O.) 
But the truth is, I'll stay at Downton until you want to run away with me. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Ah, good morning, Anna. Anna : You sent for me, milord? Robert, Earl of Grantham : I did. Come in. I have something to tell you, but I hope I'm right. Carson didn't want you to be troubled with it. Anna : Is this about Mr Bates, milord? Robert, Earl of Grantham : Yes, it is. I've no wish to upset you, but it seems he may be back in Yorkshire working in a public house. We don't yet know where. Anna : The Red Lion in Kirkbymoorside. Robert, Earl of Grantham  (surprised): Oh. You've seen him, then? Anna : I have. Yes, milord. Robert, Earl of Grantham : And he's well? Anna : He is. He's not been back to Downton for two reasons. He's hoping to settle certain matters first with Mrs Bates. Robert, Earl of Grantham : And does he think he can? Anna : He believes so, milord. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Very good. And what is his second reason for avoiding us? Anna : He says he parted with Your Lordship on bad terms. He felt it might be embarrassing. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Well, it is for me to feel embarrassed. Mrs Patmore : I had to get out of that kitchen if I'm not to be found dead under the table. It's like cooking a banquet three times a day. Daisy : It is a lot of extra work, whatever they say. Even with the helpers. Mrs Patmore : Huh. Don't think they lighten the load. [They see a bunch of war-wounded men walking to the Crawley house.] Mrs Patmore : Mrs Bird? What's going on? Mrs Bird : I knew I'd be found out sooner or later. At least it's you. Mrs Patmore : Found out doing what? Mrs Bird : What does it look like? Mrs Patmore : Well, I don't know what it looks like. Except some kind of soup kitchen. Mrs Bird : You better come inside. Mrs Bird : One at a time. Take a piece of bread Mrs Patmore : Right. Daisy, stand there. Give them a bowl and a spoon. When did all this start? Mrs Bird : That fella turned up asking for food. Then he came back next day with a friend. And here we are. Daisy : What does Mrs Crawley say? Mrs Bird : She doesn't know yet. I suppose she'll put a stop to it when she gets back from France. Mrs Patmore : I hope not. Mrs Bird : To be honest, Mrs Patmore, I'm not sure I can manage much longer. Mrs Patmore : Well, how often do you do it? Mrs Bird : Plan to get it down to once a week and give 'em only the cheapest cuts, but it is my money. And I don't know how much-- Mrs Patmore : No, hold it right there. If we can't feed a few soldiers in our own village, them as have taken the bullet or worse for king and country, then I don't know what. Daisy : Sorry about this, milady. Only there's no footmen to do it now. Lady Edith : I don't mind. You better run before Mrs Hughes sees you. Daisy : Milady, could I ask something? [Edith nods.] Daisy : Only, William, who was in service here… Lady Edith : I know William. Daisy : Well, he's missing. That is, he was supposed to be back on leave, but he never turned up. He wrote he was coming home for a few days with Captain Crawley. Lady Edith : Is William your beau? Daisy : I wouldn't say that. No, milady. We're all very fond of William downstairs. Lady Edith : Of course you are. Well, I'm sure it's nothing, but I'll see what I can find out. Daisy : Thank you. [Daisy goes back to building a fire.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : But how do you know they didn't change their plans? Lady Edith : Well, of course I don't, but the poor girl seemed quite certain. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Just when Isobel is away and none of us know where she is. Typical. Lady Edith : I suppose Matthew might've heard from Cousin Isobel and decided to meet up in France instead. Robert, Earl of Grantham : But that wouldn't explain why William isn't here. I'll do what I can. Mrs Patmore : No! Don't stop stirring, the bottom'll burn. [Mrs Patmore orders the cook's helper carrying some chickens.] Mrs Patmore : You can leave those to Daisy. That's it Daisy. Put them in the special storage area. What do you want? O'Brien : Can I borrow some baking soda? Mrs Patmore : Borrow? Why? Are you planning to give it back? 
 
 Cora, Countess of Grantham : I might go over to Moulton tomorrow. Agatha [?] promoting her charity fair. Do you need the motor? Robert, Earl of Grantham : I'm afraid I do. Can you get Pratt to take you in the other car? Cora, Countess of Grantham : Doesn't matter, I can go on Monday. But why? Robert, Earl of Grantham : I'm told Bates is working at a public house in Kirkbymoorside. I want to investigate. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : I can't decide which part of that speech is the most extraordinary. Why can't someone else go? Robert, Earl of Grantham : Because I want to go myself. [The telephone rings and Carson goes to answer it.] Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : So, Sybil, what are you up to, dear? Lady Sybil : Nothing much. Working. I don't have time to get up to anything else. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Only, Mary and I were talking about you. You know, the other day. Lady Sybil : Oh? Lady Mary  (mouths): I didn't say anything. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Yes, you see, sometimes in war, one can make friendships that aren't quite…appropriate. And can be awkward, you know, later on. I mean, we've all done it. I just want you to be on your guard. Lady Sybil : Appropriate for whom? Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Well, don't jump down my throat, dear. I'm only offering friendly advice. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Why do you want to see Bates? To give him his old job back? Robert, Earl of Grantham : Not entirely. I mainly want to see him because we parted badly. [Carson re-enters.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : Telephone call for you, milord. Cora, Countess of Grantham : If you did, I'm sure it's his fault. Robert, Earl of Grantham : No, it was mine. [Robert gets up from the table and exits into the next room, which is full of the officer's loud conversation.] Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Oh, really. It's like living in a second rate hotel where the guests keep arriving and no one seems to leave. (sigh) Robert, Earl of Grantham  (on the telephone): I see. Cora, Countess of Grantham : I had an idea of going up to London for some… Robert, Earl of Grantham  (on the telephone): Yes. Thank you for letting me know. Lady Edith : Are you all right, Papa? Robert, Earl of Grantham : That was the war office. Matthew and William went out on a patrol a few days ago and they haven't been seen since. Lady Edith : Oh, my God. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Let's not fall to pieces quite yet. It happens all the time, apparently, and the men turn up in one field hospital or another. Lady Edith : But they are treating them as Missing In Action? Robert, Earl of Grantham : It's too early for that. There could be lots of things to explain it. Lady Edith : You mean they could've been taken prisoner. Robert, Earl of Grantham : It's possible. Don't say anything to Mary. Or your mother. Or anyone, in fact. Not yet. I shouldn't really have told you. Lady Edith : What about Cousin Isobel? Robert, Earl of Grantham : I don't know how to contact her. Anyway, she's in France. She may hear before we do. [Robert takes Edith's hand.] O'Brien : I'm not accusing her of anything. I did wonder if you were aware of this special storage area. Mrs Hughes : I daresay Mrs Patmore has her own system like we all do. O'Brien : Right. Well, I'll say goodnight. Mrs Hughes : Goodnight. [O'Brien leaves as Mr Molesley puts on his jacket to leave.] Mrs Hughes : Ah, Mr Molesley. You're very late. Mr Molesley : I was doing some invisible mending on one of his coats. I got a bit carried away. But I'm-- I'm quite pleased with the way it turned out. Mrs Hughes : I don't see why you can't dress him. Until there's a new valet, it'd be a blessing to Mr Carson. Mr Molesley : I'd be happy to if it'd help. Mrs Hughes : Keep this up and we won't be able to do without you at all. Mr Molesley : There's no reason why you should. Oh, er, I may be wrong, but I thought I saw one of the officers by the main staircase just now. I'm sure there's a perfectly reasonable explanation. Mrs Hughes : Let's hope so. Goodnight. [Molesley nods to her and exits. Mrs Hughes takes a breath and heads down the servants' bedroom corridor. She checks the housemaids' bedroom and finds Anna there, but not Ethel. Then she hears giggling and opens the next room and turns on the light to find Major Bryant naked under a sheet with Ethel.] Major Bryant : What the bloody...? Mrs Hughes : Ethel! Major Bryant : We were only-- Mrs Hughes : I know precisely what you were doing, Major. I may not be a woman of the world, but I don't live in a sack! Now, if you will kindly take your things and go downstairs. [Major Bryant goes without protest, a blanket wrapped around his waist.] Mrs Hughes : Ethel, you are dismissed without notice and without a character. You will please leave before breakfast. Ethel : I didn't think how-- Mrs Hughes : No. And that's a problem. You never do. [Mrs Hughes marches out angry and Ethel is left to panic over her situation.] Mrs Bird : And you're not nervous? Mr Molesley : Well, I gather His Lordship knows his own mind, but I've no difficulty with that. Mrs Bird : You'll enjoy working in a big household. Better than staring at me night after night. What would you say if they ask you to stay? Mr Molesley : It would be a big step up for me, there's no point in denying it. Mrs Bird : Because I think they might. Mr Molesley : Do you really, Mrs Bird? Mrs Bird : There goes Mr Molesley, valet to the Earl of Grantham. [They laugh.] Mr Molesley  (laughing): Stop it. Anna : But why? What could you have possibly done that's so terrible? Ethel : Have you taken everything of mine from there? [Anna goes to the wardrobe to get more of Ethel's things.] Anna : Would you like me to speak to her? Because I can. Ethel : No, she wouldn't listen. Anna : She's not a bad person, Mrs Hughes. I know she can be strict, but she's not-- Ethel : She wouldn't listen. [Anna tries to comfort Ethel as she breaks down.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : We're closed. [Bates turns around to see Robert.] Anna : I know Ethel can be difficult, but she was very sorry for her mistake, whatever it was. Mrs Hughes : I'm sure. It's cost her her job. Anna : But surely-- Mrs Hughes : Nevermind why she's gone. She's gone. And there's an end to it. By the way, I hear Mr Bates is back in the county. Mr Carson says you know all about it. I gather His Lordship has gone to see him. Anna : I know. He told me he was going. Mrs Hughes : Why in heavens name didn't you mention any of it to me? Anna : It wasn't my secret to tell. Robert, Earl of Grantham : I'm glad to hear it. But Carson said your wife made all sorts of threats. Mr Bates : She won't carry them out. Not now. Since I've left Downton, I've discovered that she was untrue to me. I may have been as bad in my heart, milord, but I've done nothing to be ashamed of. The point is, I can divorce her now, whether she likes it or not. Robert, Earl of Grantham : But what's to stop her blurting out her stories to the press? Mr Bates : If she agrees to keep silent, I will give her whatever she wants. She can't hold me now, so her choice is between poverty and plenty. Robert, Earl of Grantham : And what was the tale she was going to tell? Carson never made it clear. Mr Bates : Some silly nonsense, milord. I wouldn't waste your time with it. What's the news from Downton? Mrs Hughes : Daisy, you're not to worry about William. I spoke to His Lordship earlier. He says you're not to be concerned until we know more. Daisy : But he is missing. I mean, they don't know where he is, or Captain Crawley, do they? Mrs Hughes : There could be a hundred explanations. O'Brien : Yes. And one of them is that they're dead. Don't mistake me. I hope very much they're not. But we ought to face the truth. Mrs Hughes : What may be the truth. And what very well may not. [Mrs Hughes meets Anna on her way out.] Mrs Hughes : Anna, do you think that Mr Bates will come back? Anna : That's for him to say. Daisy : I hope he does. He always seems a romantic figure to me. O'Brien : Does he? How do you define romantic? Thomas : It's no good in thinking you can set up here without a moment's notice when you [?]. Mrs Hughes : Why is that, Thomas? Because a place is already taken? [Anna sits down across from Thomas and O'Brien.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : I hate the word "missing." It seems to leave so little room for optimism. I tell myself it's too early to despair...but to be honest, Bates, I don't think I can bear it. Losing Patrick was bad enough, but now the thought o Matthew gone...and the future once again destroyed. More than all that, I loved him like a son. No, I love him. Let's stay in the present tense while we still can. So, will you come back with me and help me through the veil of shadow? Mr Bates : It's not what I expected, my lord, but I will, if you want me to. [Robert nods.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : I misjudged you Bates, and I abused you when we parted. I should've had more faith. I'm sorry. Mr Bates : God knows, you've shown more faith in my than I had any right to. Mrs Patmore : Here you are. We have this [?] [O'Brien watches them from a distance.] Lady Mary : Sybil. I never said anything to Granny, honestly. Lady Sybil : Then why did she suddenly start talking about inappropriate friendships out of nowhere? Lady Mary : She thinks you must have a beau, and if we don't know about him, then you have to be keeping him secret. It's just Granny being Granny. Don't make such a thing of it. Lady Sybil : I don't deserve to be told off. Not by her or by you. Nothing's happened. Lady Mary : Why? What might've happened? Lady Sybil : I mean it. We haven't kissed or anything. I don't think we've shaken hands. I'm not even sure if I like him like that. He says I do, but I'm still not sure. Lady Mary : We are talking about…? Lady Sybil : Branson. Yes. Lady Mary : The chauffeur? Branson? Lady Sybil : Oh, how disappointing of you. Lady Mary : I'm just trying to get it straight in my head. You and the chauffeur. Lady Sybil : Oh, no, you know I don't care about all of that. Lady Mary : Oh, darling, darling, don't be such a baby. This isn't fairyland. What did you think? You'd marry the chauffeur and we'd all come to tea? Lady Sybil : Don't be silly. I told you, I don't even think I like him. Lady Mary : What has he said to you? Lady Sybil : That he loves me and he wants me to run away with him. Lady Mary : Good God in heaven. Lady Sybil : He is frightfully full of himself. Lady Mary : You don't say. Lady Sybil : I haven't encouraged him. I haven't said anything, really. Lady Mary : You haven't given him away, though? LADY SYBIL (surprised and worried) 
Will you? Lady Mary : Well, I won't betray him on one condition: you must promise not to do anything stupid. [Sybil looks down.] Lady Mary : You must promise now, or I'll tell Papa tonight. LADY SYBIL (reluctant) 
I promise. Mrs Hughes : Mr Bates. You're a sight for sore eyes. Welcome home. Mr Bates : Thank you, Mrs Hughes. [Anna steps into the corridor.] Anna : Thought it was you. Mr Bates : Hello. Mrs Hughes : Come a way in, and give some substance to the gossip of your return. Mr Carson : You'll find things a bit different from when you left, Mr Bates. Mr Bates : Downton at war? Mr Carson : Precisely. There's some extra help in the kitchen, all very nice people. And the nurses of course, but they live down at the hospital. Anna : Except for Lady Sybil. Thomas : Nurse Crawley, please. Mr Bates : So, we've both returned, you and I. Couple of bad pennies. Thomas : I haven't. O'Brien : Thomas means he's not here as a servant. He manages the house. He's a sergeant now. Thomas : I take orders from Major Clarkson. He runs this place on behalf of the army medical corps. Mr Bates : Yet another reason to pray for peace. [Mrs Hughes smiles in amusement.] Mr Bates : I heard about William from His Lordship. And Captain Crawley. Anna : I'm sure they're all right. [They hear a door bang open and Mr Molesley runs down the corridor.] Mr Molesley : Sorry I'm late. Has the dressing gong rung yet? Mrs Hughes : You're not late, Mr Molesley, but er-- Mr Carson : Mr Bates is back, and you reminded me I better ring it now. Mr Molesley  (still panting): Are you staying for good? Mr Bates : I'd need a crystal ball to answer that, but I'll stay for now. Have you been standing in for me? Mr Molesley : I was going to starting tonight, yeah. Mr Bates : Then you'll be relieved to see me. Mr Molesley : Oh, tremendously. Mr Bates : What's that? Mr Molesley : It's a new kind of shoehorn. I bought it for His Lordship. Mr Bates : That's very kind of you, Mr Molesley, thank you. [Mr Molesley is forced to give Bates the shoehorn. Carson rings the dressing gong in the distance.] Thomas : Daisy, fetch me some more tea. Daisy : Thomas, I've got dinner-- Thomas : Hot this time, and it's Sergeant Barrow to you. O'Brien : Watch yourself, Mr Bates. Thomas is in charge now, and it won't do to get on the wrong side of him. Mr Bates : Is there a right side? Cora, Countess of Grantham : Oh, I don't believe it. Why would she sell food to Mrs Bird? It makes no sense. O'Brien : Well, I can't confirm the details of the arrangement. Maybe they both sell it and divide the proceeds. Either way, I felt you should know. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Have you said anything to Mrs Hughes or Carson? O'Brien : I've tried with her, but there's none so blind as them that will not see. Cora, Countess of Grantham : I'm curious. Next time, come and fetch me. Lady Sybil : So, Bates is back. Papa must be pleased. Branson : And Mr Carson won't be sorry. Lady Sybil : Branson, there's something you ought to know. I've told Mary. Branson : I see. Well, that's me finished then. Without a reference. Lady Sybil : No, she's not like that. You don't know her. She wouldn't give us away. Branson : But you won't encourage us? Lady Sybil : No. Why are you smiling? I thought you'd be angry. Branson : Because that's the first time you've ever spoken about "us". [Sybil blushes, surprised by what she said.] Branson : If you didn't care, you would've told them months ago. Lady Sybil : Oh, I see. Because I don't want you to lose your job, it must mean I'm madly in love with you. Branson : Well, doesn't it? Lady Sybil : You say I'm a free spirit, and I hope I am. But you're asking me to give up my whole world and everyone in it. Branson : And that's too high a price to pay? Lady Sybil : It is a high price. I love my parents, you don't know them. And I love my sisters and my friends. Branson : I'm not asking you to give them up forever. And when they come around, I will welcome them with open arms. Lady Sybil : And what about your people? Would they accept me? And what about my work? Branson : What work? Bringing hot drinks to a lot of randy officers? Look, it comes down to whether or not you love me. That's all. That's it. The rest is detail. Mr Bates : I've written to Vera spelling out the case and how she cannot win it. Then I have told her I will be generous if she will cooperate. Anna : But you're ready to give her everything. Because I am. Mr Bates : Whatever it takes, I want a clean break and not an open wound if we can just be patient a little while longer. [Anna nods and Bates pulls her to his chest.] Mr Bates : We shouldn't be outside. It's cold. Anna : I'll be patient and bear anything. Except for you to go away again. Mr Bates : No. It's done. You're stuck with me now. For good an proper. Lady Edith : There's something you ought to know. Papa said not to tell you, but I don't think he's right. Lady Mary : Go on. Lady Edith : Matthew's missing. He was on patrol and he's just sort of...vanished. Papa hasn't told anyone. Not even Mama. I only know because I was there when he found out. It didn't seem right to keep you in the dark. [Mary nods.] Lady Edith : I'm not trying to upset you, truly. Lady Mary : For once in my life, I believe you. [Mary continues down the corridor and stops around the corner, overcome. Anna walks into the corridor and finds Mary close to tears.] Anna : They've told you, then. Lady Mary : Do they all know downstairs? [Anna nods.] Anna : William's missing, too. I think everyone knows except Her Ladyship. Lady Mary : I wish Edith had left it till the morning. I could've faced it all with one more night of sleep. [Anna leads Mary into another room.] Mr Molesley : [?] this is hot. Mrs Patmore : Daisy, spoons! Unless they're to drink directly from the bowl. Mr Molesley : Oh, oh. Mrs Bird : Do you think we have enough? Mr Molesley : Oh, you'll feed about fifty, I reckon. Mrs Bird : You got some more? Mrs Patmore : Yeah, that's the reckon. [Cora and O'Brien enter.] Mr Molesley : Yeah, there's plenty there. Mrs Bird : ...vegetable one... Mr Molesley : You won't have to feed a vegetable one.. [They all stare at Cora nervously.] Cora, Countess of Grantham : May we come in? Mrs Patmore : Your Ladyship. What a surprise. Cora, Countess of Grantham : O'Brien seemed to think that you and Mrs Bird were engaged in a commercial venture of some sort, so I came to see for myself. Mrs Bird : We are not, Your Ladyship. Cora, Countess of Grantham : I agree, that's not what it looks like. Mrs Patmore : We feed these men once a week, and I'm not ashamed of it. I--I'll be back before luncheon at the big house. Cora, Countess of Grantham : I'm sure. But is it true they're fed from our kitchens? Daisy : Only the stuff the army gives. They are soldiers. O'Brien : What did I tell you? Mrs Patmore : Daisy's right. We only use the food the army pay for, and all the men have served their country. [They all wait nervously for Cora's next move.] Cora, Countess of Grantham : In future, I would prefer it if you would use food paid for by the house. I don't want the army to accuse us of mismanagement. O'Brien : You mean, you're going to let them get away with it? Cora, Countess of Grantham : Oh, more than that, I'm going to help them. And so are you. Molesley. Mr Molesley : Ma'am. Cora, Countess of Grantham : If you'd bring that table over, I suggest we divide the food. Then we can form two lines and it will go faster. [The servants smile at each other.] Cora, Countess of Grantham : O'Brien, you can manage the bread. [Cora takes off her coat.] Cora, Countess of Grantham : Daisy. Daisy : Of course, milady. Cora, Countess of Grantham : What is it? Mr Molesley : Beef stew, ma'am. [Daisy directs the men to the kitchen.] Daisy : Stand over right there. [They all dish up food the soldiers as they enter the kitchen.] Dr Clarkson : Sergeant, one moment. [Thomas stops.] Dr Clarkson : I hear you're becoming mighty imperious in your manner with the staff here. Er, Daisy in particular. Just because you're a poacher turned gamekeeper, there's no need for rudeness. Thomas : No, sir. Dr Clarkson : So, mind what I say. [Thomas nods.] Dr Clarkson : Carry on. [Thomas leaves.] Dr Clarkson : I've done as you've asked, Mrs Hughes. I think Barrow has taken it on board. Mrs Hughes : He's getting grander than Lady Mary and that's saying something. [Dr Clarkson chuckles.] Dr Clarkson : Lady Grantham. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Hello, Dr Clarkson. [Dr Clarkson exits and Robert watches Cora as she ascends the stairs.] O'Brien : It was Bates. I saw him watching you. He must've gone straight to the Major and sneaked on you the moment your back was turned. Thomas : Oh, well. Some things never change. O'Brien : Don't worry. He's more vulnerable than when he was last here. Thomas : Why? O'Brien : Because we know more. That's why. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Why haven't you told me till now? Robert, Earl of Grantham : I'm not sure. Perhaps I envied your ignorance. Cora, Countess of Grantham : I'm not giving up hope. Not yet. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Nor me, of course. But I think we should start to prepare. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Isobel doesn't know. Robert, Earl of Grantham : I haven't been able to reach her. Cora, Countess of Grantham : Have you said anything to Mary? [Mary appears in the doorway.] Lady Mary : Edith's already told me. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Has she? [Mary nods.] Robert, Earl of Grantham : Well, I suppose it was too tempting to resist. Lady Mary : Oddly enough, I don't think she was trying to make trouble. Cora, Countess of Grantham : We ought to go down. It's time for the concert. Lady Mary : Who cares about the stupid concert? Robert, Earl of Grantham : The men do, and we should, too. Because we have to keep going whatever happens. We have to help each other to keep going. [Cora grasps Mary's hand as she and Robert head out. Mary stares at herself in the mirror across the room for a moment, then composes herself.] Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Cora tells me Matthew's gone missing. Is that true? Robert, Earl of Grantham : There's no proof of anything yet. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : I see. I need more than that to make me anxious. Robert, Earl of Grantham : I'm glad you would be anxious. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Of course I would be. We're used to Matthew now. God knows who the next heir will be. Probably a-- a chimney sweep from Solihull. [The audience applauds as Bryant finished his magic act. Edith turns around and nods to Mary, who walks to the front.] Lady Mary : Most of you won't know how rare it is to see my sister Edith and I pulling together in a double act. Cora, Countess of Grantham : A unicorn if ever there was one. Lady Mary : But in wartime, we – like all of you – have more important things to worry about. Ladies and gentlemen, I give you, the Crawley sisters. Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham : Well, now I've seen everything. Lady Mary : ♫ Some times when I feel bad and things look blue 
I wish a pal I had, say one like you 
Someone within my heart to build a throne 
Someone who'd never part to call my own ♫ All : ♫ If you were the only girl in the world and I were the only boy ♫ [Branson watches Sybil as she sings.] All : ♫ Nothing else would matter in the world today 
We could go on loving in the same old way ♫ [Mary stops singing when she sees Matthew.] All : ♫ A garden… ♫ [The chorus fades out as they turn to see who Mary is looking at. Cora and Robert stand up in delight and Robert goes to shake Matthew's hand.] Lady Mary  (whisper): Thank God. Robert, Earl of Grantham : My dear boy. My very dear boy. Matthew Crawley : Come on, don't stop for me. ♫ I would say such wonderful things to you ♫ [Matthew walks up the aisle to stand with Mary.] Matthew Crawley & Mary : ♫ There would be such wonderful things to do ♫ All : ♫ If you were the only girl in the world and I were the only boy ♫ [The audience applauds. William catches Daisy's eye. Smiles all around. Mary barely able to maintain her composure in her shock and joy.] Matthew Crawley : Somehow we got lost and then we were trapped behind some Germans for three days, and when we got out of that, we stumbled into a field dressing station and we were immediately admitted. But we weren't in any danger, so they didn't inform our unit. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Well, they should've jolly well told us when you got back to base. Matthew Crawley : I hope you weren't really worried. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Oh, you know us. We like to be sure of our hero at the front. Mrs Hughes : I beg your pardon, milord, but the Dowager Countess is leaving. Robert, Earl of Grantham : Ah. [Robert leaves.] Lady Mary : What will you do with the rest of your leave? Matthew Crawley : Well, since mother isn't here, I think I'll run up to London and see Lavinia. Lady Mary : Ah. [Mary nods, trying not to show her disappointment.] Matthew Crawley : I got your letter about Carlisle. Lady Mary : I hope you'll approve. I know you don't like him much now-- Matthew Crawley : I hardly know him, but I'm sure I'll like him when I do. That's if he's good to you. If he's not, he'll have me to answer to. [Anna walks to the servants' door with a tray and meets Bates.] Mr Bates : Who would've thought an amateur concert could be the summit of all joy? I've lived in such a fog of misery since I left you. I think I'd forgotten what happiness is. Anna : Me too. But now we must get used to feeling happy, and trust it. Mr Bates : God, I want to. [They smile at each other and Anna continues through the servants' door. Thomas and O'Brien have been watching.] O'Brien : Love's young dream, I don't think. Thomas : I'm not sure I care much. O'Brien : You going soft in your old age? Thomas : I don't like him because he's a patronizing b*st*rd who sneaks behind me back, but I've got other things to worry about. O'Brien : Really? That's interesting. Thomas : Why? O'Brien : Because obviously I hold a grudge longer than you. [William talks with Mrs Patmore and Daisy.] Mrs Patmore : I knew nothing bad had happened. I felt it in me waters. William : What about you? Did you have me boxed up and buried? Daisy : I'm glad you're all right, honest. William : You should be. It's the thought of you that keeps me going. [A maid whispers something to Mrs Hughes. Major Bryant talks to another officer behind them.] Major Bryant : I think it will. Mrs Hughes : Hello? Hello? [Ethel steps slowly out of Mrs Hughes's dark sitting room.] Mrs Hughes : Ethel! What on earth are you doing here? Ethel : I had to come, Mrs Hughes. I'm sorry to push in, but I was sitting alone until I couldn't stand it no more. You've got to help me. Mrs Hughes : I haven't got to do anything. But what do you mean? "Help" with what? Is this about Major Bryant? [Ethel nods.] Mrs Hughes : I blame myself for not stepping in earlier, that I will admit. How long had it been going on? Ethel : Long enough to get me pregnant. Mrs Hughes, I'm going to have a baby. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 