Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x03 - Lone Gunmen - Arrow 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x03 - Lone Gunmen https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=172&t=10206 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/27/12 02:47 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x03 - Lone Gunmen 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 To my family, I am the brother and son who just returned home after being lost at sea 5 years ago. 
 They don't know I came back with a mission, to bring justice to our city, and they never can. 
 The men and women I've targeted are dangerous, corrupt, a virulent cancer. 
 Cancers like James Holder, whose corporation put defective smoke detectors in low-income housing in The Glades. 
 There have been many fires and too many funerals. 
 But cancers can be fought and conquered. 
 All it takes is a surgeon... and the right instrument. 
 Heh. 
 Other than the bill I got handed this morning by my legal team, I'm feeling pretty good. 
 Plus, now that this lawsuit's been settled, we can focus our attention on Unidac Industries. 
 [Chuckles] Ok. 
 I'll see you in the office first thing. 
 [Telephone beeps] 
 [Crack] 
 I have armed security inside. 
 All I have to do is call out. 
 Go ahead. 
 They can't hear you. 
 What the hell do you want? 
 How many people died in those fires? 
 How many?! 
 The courts say you don't owe your victims anything. 
 I disagree. 
 James Holder...  
 You... 
 [Gunshot] 
 [Grunts] 
 [Grunts] 
 Oliver : It's no surprise a man as corrupt as James Holder has more than one enemy. 
 The bullet. Poison. 
 Ahh. 
 [Water dripping] 
 [Groaning] 
 [Grunts] 
 Who are you? 
 [Coughs] 
 Why did you shoot me? 
 [Speaks native language] 
 [Speaks native language] 
 [Coughs] 
 Aah! 
 [Computer beeps] 
 [Scoffs] 
 What happened? Thea ok? 
 The cops brought her home. 
 Her and some of her friends broke into a store, tried on some dresses last night. 
 Lit up the breathalyzer like a Christmas tree. 
 So how was your evening, sir? 
 You mean after I said I had to go to the bathroom at dinner and never came back? 
 I guess from now on I'll be watching you pee. 
 Thank you, officers. My wife and I appreciate it. 
 I'll see you out. 
 Last time it was public intoxication. 
 This time breaking and entering. 
 My, how we are moving up in the criminal world. 
 You know, when you pay off the store owner, you should check out the merchandise. 
 They got some pretty killer outfits. 
 Thea, go get ready for school. 
 Uh, you know, I was thinking of taking a sick day. 
 Fine, then get some sleep. 
 You look like crap. 
 You're letting her play hooky? 
 When your sister gets like this, it's best to give her her space. 
 She's testing you. 
 Yes. Who'd she learn that from? 
 Mom. 
 When I was her age, you and dad let me get away with murder. 
 Looking back, I could have used less space and more parenting. 
 It doesn't make sense. 
 Holder fits the profile. Wealthy dirtbag. 
 Red meat for the hood. 
 And we recovered at least one arrow. 
 Yeah, only this time the cause of death is a double tap through the heart and our perp doesn't use firearms. 
 Maybe he's finally figured out there's easier ways to kill people than with a bow and arrow. 
 It's like you said, the guy's a whackjob. 
 Oliver : The bullets were laced with curare, a rare and deadly poison, the killer's unique M.O. 
 He's killed all over the world... 
 Chicago, Markovia, Corto Maltese. 
 Interpol even has a codename for him... 
 Deadshot. 
 I was prepared to give James Holder a chance to right his wrongs, but this Deadshot has no morality, no honor, no code. 
 He doesn't kill for justice, which makes him as dangerous as anyone on my list. 
 In fact, it puts him right at the top. 
 So what do you think? 
 Great spot for a nightclub or what? 
 Sweet. Though I got to tell you, man, if you're thinking about calling it Queens, I don't think you're gonna get the clientele that you were hoping for. 
 Private office. 
 For the private one-on-one meetings, I would imagine. 
 Hopefully the occasional two-on-one meeting. 
 [Laughs] 
 Man, are you sure you want to do this? 
 It's not like you really have any experience in running a... well, running anything. 
 How about tomorrow night the two of us, we go and scope out the competition. 
 There's a new club opening downtown. 
 It's called Poison. Max Fuller owns it. 
 Max Fuller? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 I slept with his fiancée. 
 Yeah, before the wedding. 
 It was at the rehearsal dinner. 
 The rehearsal dinner is technically before the wedding. 
 [Laughs] Right? 
 And besides, who stays mad at a castaway? 
 Ah, dammit, I got to roll. 
 Anyway, I'll see you later, man. 
 Good place. 
 See you. 
 So... what do you think? 
 Well, I'm here to provide security, sir, not a commentary. 
 Oh, come on, Dig, do me a favor. 
 Speak freely, please. 
 Well, this is The Glades, right? 
 Your rich white friends wouldn't come to this neighborhood on a bet. 
 I am Oliver Queen, right? 
 People would stand in line for 3 hours if I opened a club. 
 And no one who actually lives in The Glades would see a penny of those cover charges. 
 So we make it a successful business, we gentrify the neighborhood. 
 I was wondering when we would get to that. 
 The white knight swooping in to save the disenfranchised. 
 And all by his lonesome with no help from anybody. 
 Wow. 
 You don't think very much of me, do you? 
 No, sir, actually, I have a very high regard for how perceptive you are. 
 Sir. 
 Oliver : The nightclub will conceal my base underneath and provide an alibi for where Oliver Queen spends his nights. 
 Hey. 
 Do you have the depos on the Jergens case? 
 Yeah, they're around here somewhere. 
 I was just surfing the 'net. 
 Really? 
 Joanna, I'm over him. [Scoffs] 
 And you don't believe me. 
 Well, I would have if I wouldn't have just caught you trolling for articles on him! 
 I wasn't trolling! I don't want to have to be the one to remind you that he cheated on you, Laurel. 
 With your sister. 
 I appreciate your self control. 
 You're stuck in the past. 
 And the reason I know this is the fact that the only physical relationship you've had since Oliver is with his best friend. 
 It is time to move on. 
 It is past time. 
 I've been busy. 
 I work a lot. 
 Ok. 
 That's got to stop. 
 So we are going out tonight. 
 And... and we are going to have some shots and we are going to dance with men that we don't know and we are going to stay out way too late. 
 Oh! [Chuckles] 
 Jergens depos. 
 I really don't think I can go out tonight. 
 It is adorable that you actually think I'm giving you a choice. 
 I want you to come home right after school. 
 Oh, can't. Margot and I are going to go to the mall. 
 What, more shopping? [Chuckles] 
 Tell Margot you'll have to cancel. 
 You're grounded for two weeks. 
 Grounded? 
 I've never been grounded. 
 Well, you've never committed larceny before. 
 Since when do you care? 
 I've always cared. I'm your mother. 
 Look, we've had a good thing going on the last five years. 
 Why mess with that now? 
 No, we are paying off store owners to keep your record clean, so clearly, it hasn't been working. 
 And you're going to teach me. 
 [Scoffs] It's Oliver, isn't it? 
 His judgmental hypocrisy is rubbing off on you. 
 No, I don't need Oliver to teach me how to parent you. 
 You'll be home by 4:00. 
 Or what? 
 You're going to call the cops on me? 
 Tell them I say hi. 
 [Gunshots] 
 Got ballistics back on the Holder murder. 
 They pulled two 7.62 millimeter bullets out of him. 
 According to the stippling and size of the entry wound, they estimate the shots were fired from approximately a hundred yards away. 
 [Chuckles] A hundred yards? 
 What, so the hood shoots him from another building, goes over to his place, he takes out his security, and then he fires off a few arrows? 
 And according to his tox screen, his blood contained high concentrations of strychnos toxifera. 
 What? 
 Curare. 
 It's a kind of poison. 
 Oh. Ok, so now we switch from arrows to sniper bullets and poison. 
 I'm not buying it. 
 We still found arrows on the scene. 
 Solid evidence the hood was there. 
 [Sighs] Where you going? 
 I'm going to get my own evidence. 
 [Sighs] 
 Oliver : 7.62 millimeter rounds. 
 The money trail leads back to the Bratva... the Russian mob. 
 Finally... some good luck. 
 [Electricity crackling] 
 [Speaking Russian] 
 [Speaking Russian] 
 [Groaning] 
 Pleased to meet you. 
 I apologize. 
 We meant no disrespect to a captain. 
 Particularly an American one. 
 [Clears throat] 
 So... 
 How can I be of assistance? 
 I'm in the market for a hired gun. 
 Someone the organization's used before. 
 His calling card is a 7.62 millimeter gun laced with curare. 
 I know no man who uses such tools. 
 But you can find out who does. 
 First, we will drink to each other's health, then I will look into the identity of this man you seek. 
 Ahh. 
 I will also confirm that you are really Bratva captain. 
 Should this not be the case, I will send my mechanic here to find you and kill you and your family. 
 Man on TV : Carl Rasmussen was found shot to death in his home earlier this evening. 
 The police will not comment if there's a connection between Mr. Rasmussen's death and the murder of James Holder a few nights ago. 
 Mr. Rasmussen leaves behind a wife and three children. 
 It's a great loss. 
 Carl was a titan. 
 A titan who was looking to buy out a company called Unidac Industries? 
 Well, industries are something of a misnomer. 
 UI's recent activity was actually looking into alternative energy. 
 I think the point my partner is trying to make is that Carl Rasmussen was the second bidder this week to lose his life. 
 Are you implying something, Detective? 
 Well, only that your husband's looking into buying Unidac Industries and the competition seems to be dropping like flies. 
 And I'm sure your veiled accusation has nothing to do with how you feel about my family? 
 [Scoffs] 
 Unidac's in receivership, Detective. 
 Ownership is subject to a liquidation auction, so that means there are many prospective buyers. 
 And the auction's tomorrow, so... if I was taking out the competition, I have a lot of killing to do in a very short amount of time. 
 We're just making the rounds with the interested buyers. 
 Let them know to be careful. 
 Oh, yes. And I'm overwhelmed that Detective Lance is concerned for our safety. 
 Well... 
 Thank you for your concern, gentlemen. 
 Our security consultant, Mr. Diggle, is taking all the necessary precautions. 
 Yeah. 
 Right. 
 Well, if you need us, we're just a 911 call away. 
 [Dance music playing] 
 Ha ha ha! 
 Oh, my, this is going to be killer. 
 If Max never sees me here... I agree. 
 Ah, if you want to run a business, you've got to take a few risks. 
 I don't see your name on the list. 
 Mr. Queen. 
 Oh! 
 I have never seen this guy before in my life. 
 Ever. 
 Oh, come on, he's good. 
 [Dance music playing, indistinct chatter] 
 Oh, wow! 
 Doesn't you going out and having fun violate some kind of law, you know, like the ones that are carved on a stone tablet? 
 That's cute, Tommy. 
 Thanks. 
 I can see you two are up to your old hunting patterns. 
 Just seeing what passes for fun in Starling City after five years. 
 Ah. 
 Well, I'm sure you'll find that it just hasn't been the same without you. 
 Big brother! 
 Oh! I am so wasted right now. 
 There is... there is two of you. 
 I thought you were grounded. 
 I am. And thank you... thank you for that, by the way. 
 You're done for the night. 
 Oh, what are you going to do? 
 Tell mom? 
 Thea! 
 You are hanging with the wrong people. 
 You're one to talk. 
 How much do you know about your own so-called friends over here? 
 Oh, Thea, maybe you should... 
 Tommy... I think your BFF has a right to know. 
 Thea, let's go. 
 Well, I guess they never told you that they've been screwing while you were gone. 
 Look, man, I... 
 Tommy... 
 It's ok. 
 You and me, we're done for the night. 
 Take your hands off of me. 
 You're not my father. 
 And you're barely my brother. 
 
 
 
 Well... look at this. 
 Oliver Queen. 
 Max Fuller. 
 How you been? 
 Happy you drowned. 
 Hey, Max... 
 Get him up! 
 Hey, let him go, let him go! 
 Hey, I said let him go! 
 Told you he was going to be pissed. 
 Back off, Merlyn. This isn't your problem. 
 You want to get to him? 
 You've got to go through me. 
 Wow, they are probably going to get through me. 
 [All grunting] 
 So is this over, Max? 
 Or are you going to have your boys pound on me next? 
 You three consider yourselves banned for life. 
 Get the hell out of my place! 
 Your club sucks anyway. 
 You guys ok? 
 Where'd you learn to do that? Cop dad, remember? 
 He made me take self defense classes. 
 Laurel. 
 Thea said... 
 Oliver, Tommy and I don't need your blessing. 
 And I don't need your forgiveness. 
 Ah. 
 [Water dripping] 
 [Breathing heavily] 
 [Coughing] 
 [Tree snapping] 
 Why don't you guys take a seat, and I will grab a couple of burgers and some ice for those faces. 
 The girl's pretty cute. 
 That's my sister in law. 
 Who I will never speak to or... look at. 
 Ever. Gonna grab a booth. 
 She's not wearing a wedding ring. 
 Brother out of the picture? 
 Yeah, you could say that. 
 Hey you. 
 So sweet of you to adopt two white boys. 
 They need a good role model. 
 That's my client Oliver Queen. 
 [Grunts] 
 Looks like you're doing a bang up job protecting him. 
 Mmm. 
 Look, man... about Laurel. 
 I was going to tell you. 
 I was just trying to figure out the right way. 
 To tell somebody that you slept with their girlfriend after they went missing and were then presumed dead. 
 What, there's no greeting card for that? 
 [Both chuckle] 
 Look... it was wrong. 
 And I'm sorry... 
 Tommy. 
 I was dead. 
 No, man, you were with Laurel. 
 And whether you were dead, or as it turns out, alive on a deserted island, you are my friend. 
 And me being with Laurel violated that friendship in about 50 different ways. 
 Thank you. 
 But it's ok. 
 How dangerous is this gig, anyway? 
 It's a cakewalk, Carla, don't worry. 
 Too late. 
 Or have you forgotten this job got your brother killed? 
 Because, Dig, I haven't. 
 I can't. 
 You are being really chill about this. I... 
 [Cell phone rings] 
 Hello? 
 [Speaking Russian] 
 Хорошо, подожди один момент. 
 (Ok, wait a moment.) 
 It's a Russian model calling me. 
 Can we... can I have a minute, please? 
 I can see now why you were able to be so chill. 
 Enjoy. 
 So I checked out? 
 Man : You did. His name is Floyd Lawton. 
 I have address. Where he stayed last time, he was in Starling City. 
 But that is all. 
 Let's hope he's a creature of habit. Go. 
 1700 Broadway, Papp Motel, room 52. 
 You'll leave us out of this, yes? 
 Assuming Mr. Lawton doesn't kill you first. 
 [Neck cracking] 
 [Siren in distance] 
 [Wind blowing] 
 [Siren approaching] 
 Ahem. 
 Felicity Smoak? 
 Hi. I'm Oliver Queen. 
 Of course. 
 I know who you are, you're Mr. Queen. 
 No, Mr. Queen was my father. 
 Right, but he's dead. I mean, he drowned. 
 But you didn't, which means you could come down to the I.T. department and listen to me babble. 
 Which will end. 
 In 3... 2... 1. 
 I'm having some trouble with my computer and they told me that you were the person to come and see. 
 I was at my coffee shop surfing the web and I spilt a latte on it. 
 Really? 
 Yeah. 
 'Cause these look like bullet holes. 
 My coffee shop is in a bad neighborhood. 
 If there is anything that you can salvage from it, I would really appreciate it. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Oh. Well, good, you're here. 
 I'm under house arrest, remember. 
 Do you want to wear the Calvin Klein or the Zac Posen? 
 For dinner? 
 I was just going to wear pajamas. 
 To Walter's stock auction. 
 I think I rather be grounded. 
 No, it's important that you come. 
 Important to whom? 
 To me. 
 All right, listen to me. 
 When you were four years old, you came home one day with a cat. 
 It was a stray, it was filthy, and it was mean. 
 But you stood there and you declared that it was coming to live with us. 
 Your father came home from the office and he saw what was going on, and he sat you down and he explained to you that the cat was in fact a tiger and that we needed to get it home. 
 And somehow... you understood. 
 Robert was always so good at getting through to you. 
 I... I was always so jealous of that. 
 I... [sighs] 
 [Chuckles] 
 You never talk about him. 
 Dad. 
 That's the first time you've talked about him in years. 
 Well, I think you and I have gotten into some bad habits. 
 There's been a lot that has changed recently, Thea, and I think that maybe this can change, too. 
 It looks like blueprints. 
 Do you know what of? 
 The exchange building. 
 Never heard of it. 
 It's where the Unidac industry's auction is scheduled to take place. 
 I thought you said that was your laptop. 
 Yes. 
 Look, I don't want to get in the middle of some Shakespearian family drama thing. 
 What? 
 Mr. Steele marrying your mom. 
 Claudius, Gertrude... 
 Hamlet? 
 I didn't study Shakespeare at any of the four schools that I dropped out of. 
 Mr. Steele is trying to buy Unidac Industries. 
 And you've got a company laptop associated with one of the guys he's competing against. 
 Floyd Lawton. 
 No. 
 Warren Patel. 
 Who's Floyd Lawton? 
 He is an employee of Mr. Patel, evidently. 
 Oliver : The exchange building is surrounded by 3 towers with eye lines into the building. 
 Lawton could get a kill shot off from virtually anywhere. 
 But I can't cover the area. 
 I can't protect all of Deadshot's targets. 
 I can't do this alone. 
 [Siren] 
 Ah, you son of a bitch!  
 Detective, quiet! 
 You've got a pair on you, pulling this right outside the police station! 
 Floyd Lawton's the one targeting the buyers interested in Unidac Industries. 
 Interpol calls him "Deadshot" because he never misses. 
 You can look this up after I go. 
 Yeah, and stop chasing you, I suppose? 
 Warren Patel hired Lawton. 
 I can't be sure who they're targeting, it might be all the buyers, and I can't protect them in a space that big. 
 I need your help. 
 [Chuckles] Yeah? 
 Professional help. 
 Lawton laces his bullets with curare. 
 Tell your men to wear kevlar. 
 I'll them to shoot you... 
 [Classical music playing] 
 [Indistinct chatter] 
 Well, it's quite a turn out, huh? 
 Well, it's quite an opportunity, actually. 
 But regardless of the outcome of the auction, I'm already a winner because I have the two most beautiful women at my side tonight. 
 Two? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Thanks for coming, Thea. 
 It means a lot to your mother. And me. 
 Mr. Steele, the auction will be opening in 5 minutes. 
 Please make sure your bid is ready. 
 Thank you, Gina. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Shall we? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 [Indistinct chatter] 
 Warren Patel. I'm going to need you to come with me, sir. 
 Unit one, all clear. Unit two, you copy? 
 Man : We have Patel in custody. 
 Still, no sign of Lawton. 
 Unit three? 
 I'm at the northwest perimeter. All clear. 
 Unit four? 
 Second man : Parking structure is clear. 
 Unit five, what's your status? 
 This is unit five. All clear. 
 Oh, what a shock. 
 It is Friday night. 
 What are you doing here? 
 Well, I am an attorney and this is a courthouse, so I think the better question is, what are you doing here? 
 I wanted to talk to you about last night. 
 You mean how I saved your asses? 
 You're welcome. 
 Ok, first of all, we shall never, ever speak of that ever again. 
 And secondly, I think you know that I meant the other thing. 
 I don't care to talk about that. 
 I spoke to Oliver. 
 He was surprisingly cool. 
 That's because he knew. 
 Did you see his face when Thea told him? 
 Tommy, he didn't even blink. 
 Trust me, he knew. 
 Then why didn't he say anything? 
 I don't know. 
 Maybe because he knows he doesn't have any right to judge me. 
 There's a silver lining, though. 
 Now that the whole truth and nothing but is out, is there a chance now for you and me? 
 You said you didn't think that I was a one girl type of guy. 
 I'm going to prove you wrong. 
 By dating me. 
 By being better. 
 By being someone that you deserve and that you want to be with. 
 Well... that's certainly a guy I'd be interested in meeting. 
 Good. 
 Now how about we start, ahem, by getting you the heck out of here. 
 Come on, it is Friday night. 
 [Sighs] Come on. 
 Fine. Good. 
 [Indistinct chatter] 
 Well, don't you scrub up nice? 
 Here to support my family. 
 Yeah, me, too, God help me. 
 Thank you. 
 [Scoffs] 
 Dig. Got your eyes open? 
 That's what I'm here for, sir. 
 That and answering patronizing questions. 
 This guy's out of time. 
 If he's going to do something, it's going to happen before the auction. 
 Sir? 
 I heard the story on the radio. 
 Oliver. 
 So pleased you were able to attend. Hmm. 
 Walter, the police said that some of the Unidac bidders were murdered. 
 I just think that we should be a little bit more careful. 
 My mother's already lost a husband. 
 Well, if Moira shared your concern, she wouldn't have come. 
 And she definitely wouldn't have brought your sister. 
 [Indistinct chatter] 
 Hi. 
 Oliver, what a wonderful surprise. 
 I need you to get them out of here right now. 
 [All screaming] 
 Are you ok? Are you hurt? 
 No, I'm fine! Where is Walter? 
 Go, go, go, go! Walter's fine. 
 Sir, I have to get you out of here. 
 No, them! 
 Them. 
 Go, go, I'll find him, ma'am, I'll find him. 
 [Gunshots] 
 [Woman screaming] 
 [Clanging, footsteps] 
 [Both grunting] 
 Drop your guns. 
 I admire your work. 
 Guess you won't be extending me any professional courtesy. 
 We're not in the same line of work. 
 Your profession is murder. 
 You've taken lives. 
 For the good of others. 
 You're out for yourself. 
 [Thud] 
 [Groaning] 
 [Gasping] 
 [Speaking native language] 
 [Grunting and groaning] 
 [Speaking native language] 
 [Branches crunching] 
 [Grunting] 
 [Coughing] 
 [Groaning] 
 Hey. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 