Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x05 - Damaged - Arrow 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x05 - Damaged https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=172&t=10208 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 11/10/12 21:18 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x05 - Damaged 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 My name is Oliver Queen. For 5 years, I was stranded on an island with only one goal... survive. 
 Oliver Queen is alive. 
 Now I will fulfill my father's dying wish... To bring down those who are poisoning my city. To do this, I must become someone else. I must become... Something else. 
 Previously on "Arrow"... 
 [Thunder] 
 The company Mrs. Queen invested in doesn't exist. 
 Tempest purchased a warehouse in Starling City. 
 I could never really tell if the playboy thing was all an act, but I guess after a while, it doesn't really matter. 
 He's a vigilante. 
 He's a damn criminal. 
 Here's the security footage from the Exchange building. 
 What do you want me to look for? 
 I want you to look for anything that's out of the ordinary. 
 What is that? Play that again. 
 Oliver Queen, you're under arrest on suspicion of obstruction of justice, aggravated assault, trespassing... 
 Are you out of your mind?! and murder. 
 Dinner. 
 Ah, come... hey, I got an idea, why don't you let me shoot that thing and you can go pick up the bloody, dead, disgusting animal. 
 What? 
 Try. Breathe. 
 Everything, breathe. 
 Breathe, aim... Fire. 
 Here. 
 Aim that tree. 
 Breathe. 
 [Branches rustling] 
 [Speaking native language] 
 What does that mean? 
 You will die badly. 
 Get. 
 [Muffled yelling] 
 Ahh! [Groaning] 
 Ahh! Ahh! Ahh! 
 Wait, wait! 
 You can't leave me here! 
 Don't do this to me, please! 
 Oh-oh! No! 
 Please! I didn't do anything! 
 Oliver : The police think they know who I am. 
 They think I'm the vigilante. 
 The man in the hood terrorizing the city's criminals. 
 They also think they have me trapped. 
 That I have no way out. 
 They're only half right. 
 Oliver : This is a mistake. 
 I'll be asking you a few questions, standard stuff for the report. 
 Have you been arrested before? 
 That's ok, I know the answer to that one, plenty of times. 
 Like I said, this is a mistake. 
 Far as I can tell, the only mistake I made was not shooting you down at the docks when I had a chance. 
 I am not who you think I am. 
 Oh, you're exactly who I think you are. 
 You're a dangerous menace who doesn't care about who he hurts, except now you're doing it with bows and arrows instead of trust funds and yachts. 
 Detective... You hate me. 
 I get it. 
 But that doesn't make me a vigilante. 
 No. The security camera footage of you at the Unidac auction with a green hood does that pretty well. 
 And as I said again, I ran into the stairwell once I heard the shooting. 
 I saw a duffel that I thought maybe belonged to the shooter. 
 I grabbed it, looked inside and saw... a hood. 
 And what about harassing Adam Hunt? 
 That just happened to take place right across the street from your little homecoming bash. 
 Those were coincidences. 
 No. 
 When they pile up like that, it becomes evidence. 
 His parents are here. 
 Tell them to wait. 
 I want to see my son. 
 I'm in the middle of an interrogation here! 
 Detective Lance, I know you hate my family, but I had no idea that you'd go so far to arrest my son without any grounds whatsoever! 
 I have solid grounds, and I have evidence. 
 Which you can present to Mr. Queen's attorney when he gets here. 
 Until then, this interrogation is over, Detective. 
 Sure. You have 15 minutes. 
 [Door closes] 
 Detective Lance appears to be on some personal vendetta. 
 He is. 
 He blames me for the death of his daughter. 
 He also thinks that I dress up in a green hood and shoot people... 
 With arrows. 
 The important thing is not to say anything until your attorney gets here. 
 Fine. I want Laurel. 
 [Both scoff] Brilliant. 
 Oliver... 
 I don't think your ex-girlfriend can be counted on to be objective here. 
 She knows me better than anyone. 
 She knows that I could never be this guy. 
 Walter, you say Lance has a vendetta? 
 Yes. 
 I think Laurel can get him off of it. 
 He raised her to do the right thing. 
 That includes representing an innocent man. 
 So... Mom. 
 Please. 
 [Indistinct chatter] 
 Laurel. 
 Mrs. Queen! What are you... 
 It's Oliver. 
 Something's happened. 
 It's been all over the news. 
 [Sighs] 
 These charges are ludicrous. 
 I know. 
 Can I ask you, who's representing him? 
 Well, that's why I'm here. 
 He wants you to represent him. 
 Me? 
 Yes. I told him it was a bad idea, but to be frank, I am desperate. 
 He says if you don't represent him, then he doesn't want any attorney. 
 Mrs. Queen, my father is the arresting officer. 
 Yes. 
 And I don't think it's a good idea for me to represent someone who I've been involved with. 
 Listen, I am sorry for what your family is going through... 
 No apologies. 
 Your idealism, I think, is why my son, for all his mistakes, is so smitten with you. 
 Regardless, it was a bad idea on his part, and I am sorry if I made you feel uncomfortable. 
 Docket 81941, people vs. Oliver Queen. 
 Murder, aggravated assault, assault with intent, menacing and trespassing. 
 Where's your attorney, Mr. Queen? 
 I'm representing myself, judge. 
 I'm not sure that's the wisest course, Mr. Queen. 
 I think it is. 
 I'm innocent. 
 Then we'll consider that your plea. 
 Thank you. 
 Now, as to bail... your honor, Mr. Queen's family owns a pair of private jets, and, well, on the subject of their wealth, I would point out that there is virtually no bail amount that can guarantee his presence at trial. 
 So then I guess it's a good thing that the people's case is so circumstantial. 
 Dinah Laurel Lance, your honor. 
 I'd like to file my appearance on behalf of the defendant. 
 Mr. Queen's wealth should not deprive him of the right to be released on bail while under the presumption of innocence. 
 He is a flight risk. 
 Then minimize the risk. 
 The defendant is willing to submit to home confinement and electronic monitoring through the wearing of a UKG45 administrated ankle device. 
 No, he wouldn't. 
 Sold. 
 Your honor... 
 Bail is set at $15 million. 
 $5 million bond. 
 Defendant to see probation for the fitting of a GPS device. 
 I knew you couldn't resist saving my ass. 
 You're going to make me regret this, aren't you? 
 No. It's going to be like old times. 
 Fortunately for you with the legal case, there's no way that you're this vigilante. 
 I agree. 
 Because he's actually trying to make a difference. 
 We both know that's not really your style. 
 Mom. It's not that bad. 
 Ok. This device has a direct line into the precinct. 
 Stay on the property, you're golden. 
 Any questions? 
 Yes. 
 I'm having a sizable get together here tomorrow evening, and there is a better than likely chance it spills into the outdoor pool. 
 Pool, that's fine. 
 Step on the grass, they're sending a SWAT team to forcibly subdue you. 
 Thank you, officer. 
 Of course. 
 A "sizable get together"? 
 I'm confined to this house for the foreseeable future. I might as well make the most of it. 
 And this party is going to be themed. 
 I'm thinking prison, uh, burning man meets "Shawshank Redemption". 
 The invite says, "come before Oliver Queen gets off." 
 Maybe a party's not in the best of taste, you know, considering the circumstances. 
 Tommy, the circumstances are why we're having the party in the first place. 
 I want people to know that I'm not worried about any of this. 
 Well, that makes one of us. 
 Before you start yelling... 
 Why would I yell? 
 You're only defending the man that killed your sister. 
 Oliver did not kill Sara! 
 If it wasn't for him, she wouldn't have been on that boat. 
 Have you consider the possibility that that's the reason you're trying to make him out to be this... this menace? 
 No, it is the video tape, is the suspicious timing, that is the reason! 
 This is Oliver Queen we're talking about. 
 He wrecks fancy cars and he dates models. 
 He doesn't kill people. 
 No, he just uses them, like he used Sara and like he used you, and he's only asked you to be his lawyer to get at me. 
 No, he asked me to be his lawyer to get through to you. 
 You hate the Hood and you hate Oliver, and you want more than anything for them to be the same person. 
 But Oliver isn't the reason why Sara died. 
 Or the reason mom left. 
 I don't have to listen to this. 
 By the way... 
 You're not the only one who misses them. 
 [Exhales] 
 [Sighs] 
 [Knock on door] 
 Yup? 
 Thank you for coming. 
 Shut the door. 
 I guess it was just a matter of time before the police caught up with you. 
 Except they didn't. 
 Oliver, they got you on video. 
 I knew the security camera was there, just like I knew the police would review the footage and arrest me. 
 All part of the plan. 
 So you wanted to get arrested? 
 Well, I returned to Starling City and a few days later, the vigilante appears. 
 Sooner or later, somebody was going to make the connection. 
 So what part of serving yourself up to the cops will help you avoid going to prison for the rest of your life? 
 There's more to it. 
 Well, there better be, for your sake, because your family is freaking out downstairs. 
 Oliver, your mother and your sister just got you back, and now you're going to put them through a trial, maybe even worse? 
 Don't you care? 
 Of course I care. 
 The mission comes first. 
 Who is he? 
 Leo Mueller. 
 German arms dealer. 
 Suspected in the theft of a hundred m249 squad automatic weapons. 
 Ok... 
 Last night he arrived in Starling City to sell the guns. 
 Oliver, don't you imagine there's enough trouble you're in this week than to go after this guy? 
 I imagine what would happen if a street gang got their hands on military-grade hardware. 
 I imagine our city's streets turned into a war zone. 
 But you're under house arrest, Oliver, which means you can't just go after this guy. 
 Look, for now, I would just like you to shadow Mueller. 
 I would like you to track his movements. 
 I want to know where the buy is happening. 
 Ok. 
 And how am I supposed to track him? 
 Well, you know us billionaire vigilantes... we do love our toys. 
 Ow! 
 Oooh. 
 [Beep] 
 Oh, well, that's sweet. 
 You wanted to see me, sir? 
 No. I didn't. 
 In fact, this meeting isn't taking place. 
 How long have you been head of security at Queen consolidated, Josiah? 
 Going on seven years now, sir. 
 Sounds about right. 
 But what I'm about to tell you will test the bounds of your discretion. 
 You're aware of the "Queen's Gambit", Robert Queen's ill-fated yacht? 
 Well, I found it. 
 Sir, the boat went down in the North China sea five years ago. 
 Which is why my discovery of its remains in a warehouse downtown was unexpected, to say the least. 
 I want you to transfer those remains to a secure location. 
 Can I count on you? 
 [Chuckles] 
 What's going on, sir? 
 That's very much what I'm trying to determine. 
 [Door closes] 
 Thank you both for coming. 
 No, thank you. 
 It's nice to get out of the house. 
 I'll cut right to it. Detective Lance arrested your client without consulting my office first. 
 So congratulations. 
 I am willing to consider a plea in this case. 
 Absolutely not. 
 Mr. Queen spent five years in seclusion on a deserted island, cut off from civilization. 
 It is quite possible he's suffering from some form of post traumatic stress. 
 Given that, we would support a plea of insanity. 
 Conditional on a period of indeterminate incarceration at a psychiatric facility. 
 No, thank you. 
 I'm not crazy. 
 Finally something we agree on. 
 He's not a nut, he's a killing machine. 
 Actually, I'm neither. 
 There is nothing you can say to me that I would believe. 
 I'll take a polygraph. 
 Uh, polygraphs are inadmissible. 
 In front of the jury. 
 I'll take a polygraph in front of him. 
 He's the one I need to convince. 
 I'm going to need a minute. 
 You're looking at life in prison. 
 What Spencer just offered you is a gift. 
 I'm not crazy. 
 I am innocent. 
 I kind of want to take the polygraph. 
 And if I take it and I fail, then... 
 I will consider making a deal. 
 Fine. 
 I'll set up the poly. 
 And I will tell Spencer that we're not pleading out, but Oliver, you have a family. 
 Friends. People who actually care about you. 
 So don't, for one second, think you're the only person with something to lose here. 
 [Exhales] I'll be right back. 
 [Door closes] 
 
 
 
 [Groans] 
 Please, sit. 
 You're making me feel rude. 
 [Breathing heavily] 
 I do apologize for my men's treatment of you. 
 [Opens can] 
 They're... they're trained to view any stranger as hostile. 
 I'm Edward Fyers, by the way. 
 And you are? 
 I'm Oliver Queen. 
 I was shipwrecked here. 
 I don't... Know for how long. 
 My family has money. 
 They have lots of money you would be... 
 You'd be really well compensated for my rescue. 
 Well, I look forward to that. 
 But for the moment, let's just talk. 
 About what? 
 Well, for instance... 
 This gentleman. 
 Do you know him? 
 No. 
 No? 
 No. Who's he? 
 You're a poor liar. 
 I've been polite. 
 I'll offer you one more chance before my manners leave me. 
 Hey, hey. 
 I don't know this guy. 
 I thought I was on this island all by myself. 
 Do you know what this island is named? 
 We're on Lian Yu... mandarin for "purgatory", and I can make it feel like hell. 
 I don't know why you're protecting him. 
 You're young, foolish. 
 Perhaps you don't know why, either. 
 Think on that when you're begging for death. 
 He's yours now. 
 Hey, sweetie. 
 One of the workers left a keg too far from the bar. 
 Can you ask them to move it please? 
 I got the ankle... thingie. 
 I don't want to set off a SWAT invasion. 
 Hey! 
 All this stuff? 
 It's going to be fine, I promise. 
 Yeah, well, when you and dad left on the yacht, you promised me I'd see you in a few days. 
 Which didn't happen. 
 This is different than that. 
 I didn't do any of this stuff, you know that. 
 Right? 
 You're out all the time. 
 You have those scars, and since you've been back, you've been acting really weird. 
 None of this makes me some Robin Hood wannabe. 
 And you get me this. 
 I mean, it's an arrowhead. 
 Oh, man. 
 [Exhales] Thea, I bought that in the gift shop of the Beijing airport. 
 [Stammering] 
 Now I'm sort of happy I didn't buy you the shot glass with the panda on it, 'cause then you'd be worried I was panda man. 
 [Chuckles] 
 You know, I knew you couldn't be this person. 
 I-I just... 
 I can't lose you again. 
 Deal. 
 Moira. Thank you for coming on such short notice. 
 Yes. Could you please make this quick? 
 I'm in the midst of somewhat of a family emergency. 
 Yes, of course. 
 It's all over the local news. 
 [Chuckles] 
 Possibly even national. 
 Well, I know what you're thinking. 
 Do you? 
 My son is not the man targeting the list. 
 The charges are preposterous. 
 Not according to the district attorney, assistant district attorney, investigating Detective in the police department that filed charges against him. 
 That Detective has a vendetta against my family. 
 Why? Is there something untoward about your family? 
 If so, something really needs to be done about that. 
 Is your name Oliver Queen? 
 You don't know who I am, Detective? 
 The questions are to calibrate the polygraph. 
 Is your name Oliver Queen? Yes. 
 Were you born in Starling City May 16th, 1985? 
 Yes. 
 Is your hair blue? 
 No. 
 Have you ever been to Iron Heights prison? 
 No. 
 Are you the man in this picture? 
 Where can I find the man in this picture? 
 No. 
 You steal 40 million dollars off Adam Hunt? 
 No, I didn't. 
 Were you marooned on an island called Lian Yu for 5 years? Yes. 
 How is that even relevant? 
 I don't need to show relevance, but since you asked, whatever happened to your client on that island turned him into a cold blooded killer. 
 No! 
 The physician that examined you reported that 20% of your body is covered in scar tissue. 
 [Screaming] 
 The machine won't work unless you ask a question. 
 Did that happen to you there? 
 Yes. 
 When you came back, you told everyone that you were alone on that island. 
 Are you claiming that your scars were... 
 Self-inflicted? 
 No. 
 I wasn't alone. 
 I didn't want to talk about what happened to me on the island. 
 Why not? 
 Because the people that were there tortured me. 
 Have you killed anyone? 
 Yes. 
 When I asked your daughter Sara to come on my father's yacht with me. 
 I killed your daughter. 
 I'd have to study the data, but just eyeballing it, he's telling the truth. 
 Hmm. 
 Can I assume that you'll be recommending. 
 Ms. Spencer to drop all charges against my client? 
 No. 
 I know a guilty man when I see one. 
 He is guilty, whether you can see it or not. 
 [Deep voice] 
 You're going to love this. 
 [Dance music playing] 
 [Music stops] Hi, everybody! 
 All : Hey! 
 I'm very touched that you came to celebrate with me before I am sent up the river. 
 Closest neighbors are six miles away, so don't worry about the noise. 
 Actually, on second thought... 
 Let's wake those losers up! 
 [All cheering] Whoo! 
 [Dance music playing] 
 If you think this is what prison's like, you are in for a rude awakening. 
 Mueller's car has been parked in the warehouse district of the Glades for 45 minutes. 
 Yeah, that's a good place for an arms deal. 
 Ok, since this is going down tonight, what do we do, drop a dime on Mueller with the cops? 
 No, the man in the hood. 
 He's going to stop them. 
 Oliver, you can't leave the house. 
 It doesn't have to be me in the hood. 
 [Chuckles] 
 That's why you threw this ridiculous party? 
 So you have a hundred witnesses placing you here at the house while I'm supposed to be across town dressed as a vigilante? 
 I thought that it was going to be good enough just for you to be seen in the hood. 
 I didn't count on Mueller showing up and I didn't count on the possibility that the Glades could be flooded with machine guns. 
 Look. 
 I promise, it was never my intention to put you in harm's way. 
 Oliver, I didn't think joining your crusade was ever going to be risk-free. 
 I just don't like being played. 
 Now you might have gotten used to lying to everyone else in your life, but I'm the one guy you don't lie to. 
 You're right. 
 I'm sorry. 
 So am I going to jail? 
 No, man. 
 I got to stop an arms deal. 
 [Telephone rings] 
 Hello? 
 Mr. Steel, I'm sorry to bother you, sir. 
 This is Mike Vogel down in security. 
 But I have some sad news for you. 
 The company's head of security, Josiah Hudson, was in a car accident tonight. 
 He's dead, sir. 
 ♪ You said that you're a freak in the sheets ♪ 
♪ that my eyes had to see to believe ♪ 
 Hello. 
 Do we have a legal meeting or something? 
 Because I have friends over. 
 Do you think maybe you can tear yourself away from this inappropriately themed rave for a couple minutes? 
 Wow. 
 I can't remember the last time that I've been in this room. 
 I can. Halloween, 2005. 
 We were getting ready for Tommy's party. 
 Ah. Yes. 
 I wore those horrible fishnets. 
 I thought you looked good. 
 Listen... 
 I just wanted to come by and apologize for my father's behavior today. 
 During the polygraph. 
 You don't have to apologize for him. 
 He has a right to feel any way that he wants. 
 It wasn't just Sara, Ollie. 
 What do you mean? 
 After Sara died, my father threw himself into his work. 
 I think that's part of the reason I'm an attorney. 
 He ran to the law and I followed. 
 But my mother couldn't. 
 So she left him. 
 [Sighs] 
 Left us. 
 Look, I'm not trying to tell you this to make you feel bad, or worse. 
 I just... I really want you to understand him. 
 Why don't you hate me? 
 You should. 
 I did. 
 For so long, I did, Ollie. 
 But after today, I realized that... 
 I was so focused on what happened to my family that I didn't even stop and wonder what could have happened to you. 
 [Inhales and exhales] 
 I didn't know about the torture, or your scars. 
 What happened to you on that island was far more than you deserved. 
 And I was wrong that I didn't ask you before, but I'm asking you now. 
 I need to know. 
 I need to see. 
 Are you sure? 
 Yes. 
 How did you survive this? 
 There were times when I wanted to die. 
 In the end... 
 There was something I wanted more. 
 [Gasping] 
 No. Laurel, you don't have to go. 
 Oh, God. 
 I have to. 
 Amazing. 
 You have resolve I didn't credit you for. 
 Or perhaps he truly doesn't know anything. 
 We should put him out of his misery. 
 [Grunts] 
 [man speaking german] 
 It's an M249 machine gun. 
 Gas-powered, air-cooled, fires up to 800 rounds per minute. 
 [Whistles] 
 [Electricity crackles] 
 We need to move, now! 
 What are you doing? 
 Get out of here! 
 Move! Let's go! 
 [All grunting] 
 [Tires squealing] 
 Well. 
 I'm not accustomed to being summoned to the office in the middle of the night. 
 Well, what was it that was so important that I had to race down here? 
 I found the "Queen's Gambit", Moira. 
 I know you secretly had the boat salvaged. 
 I wanted to move it to a more secure location before confronting you about it. 
 In fact, I sent Josiah Hudson to the warehouse for precisely that purpose. 
 But he died mysteriously in a car accident. 
 I hope you now have a better understanding of why it is I've been so distant of late. 
 It's very disconcerting to discover that the person with whom you share your home, your bed and your heart has been lying to you so convincingly, and I would be a fool not to consider all the things that you have told me were lies. 
 Walter, you're my husband, I... 
 Yes, I am. 
 Walter, please. 
 You've got to stop looking into this, it's not safe. 
 You'll be... you'll be upsetting people, people with influence. 
 You are very far out of your depth. 
 [Phone vibrates] 
 Diggle : Man in the hood, one, gangbangers, zero. 
 [Knock on door] Hang on. 
 Yeah? 
 Mr. Queen, if you're entertaining guests upstairs, should I have some drinks sent up? 
 No. It's just me up here and I'm on my way back down. 
 Good job. 
 Now get back here. 
 [Grunting] 
 Yeah. Yep. 
 How did you know I was in trouble? 
 Because when the guy was fighting you, he broke the ankle monitor. 
 Are you all right?! 
 I'm fine. 
 Oliver... 
 Mom. I promise. 
 This is on you. 
 By accusing my son publicly, you've made him a target. 
 Do you have any idea who attacked Oliver? 
 We haven't identified him. 
 Though it must be someone with a grudge against the Hood, obviously. 
 What are you doing? 
 I got a call from my lieutenant. 
 An arms dealer was attacked across town tonight. 
 By the vigilante. Multiple witnesses put him there. 
 In light of that, all charges against your son are being dropped. 
 I'm truly sorry for what's happened to your family, Quentin. 
 But would you kindly get the hell out of my house? 
 Mr. Lance... 
 Thank you. 
 [Zipper] Moira. 
 Did we have an appointment? 
 No, but I decided to screw propriety after you tried to have my son killed. 
 I'm sure you understand, I was justified in suspecting your son of being the vigilante targeting our associates. 
 I had to take steps. 
 And now that you know your steps were taken in error, that Oliver is not your enemy. 
 [Chuckles] 
 I offer my sincerest apologies. 
 I know you found out I had the yacht salvaged, just as I know you had Josiah Hudson killed. 
 Well, accidents tend to befall people who are too curious. 
 I've been the good soldier. 
 I've done everything you asked. 
 But if any member of my family so much as gets a paper cut, I will burn your entire world to ashes. 
 [Groaning] 
 I tell you, island dangerous, but you not tell them where to find me. 
 You stronger than I thought. 
 Take it. 
 I lead them off, you stay. 
 Remember, everything breathe. 
 You breathe, you survive here longer. 
 No! I'm coming with you! 
 [Door opens] 
 Rough party. 
 My father told me what happened. 
 Are you ok? 
 Yeah, I'm fine. 
 These are your polygraph results. 
 My father asked you if you'd ever been to Iron Heights. 
 It's the prison where the vigilante saved me last week. 
 It's also where you and I went on our eighth grade field trip. 
 When you said that you had never been there, I thought maybe you were just nervous, or that you'd forgotten. 
 But then I looked at your results, and there is a slight flutter in your answer to that question. 
 And if you lied on one, you could have lied on others. 
 What happened to me being too selfish to be a masked crusader? 
 Oliver! 
 I saw your scars. 
 Do you want to know why I don't talk about what happened to me there? 
 Because if people knew; If you knew... 
 You'd see me differently. 
 And not as some... 
 Vigilante guy. 
 As damaged. 
 I don't sleep. 
 I barely eat. 
 I can barely sign my name, let alone aim a bow and arrow. 
 After last night... 
 Clearly we're still attracted to one another. 
 Oliver. 
 Nothing can ever happen between us. 
 I know. 
 So you lied to her. 
 Or maybe you just gave her a version of the truth. 
 I told her what she needed to hear, Diggle. 
 She was too close. 
 Sad thing is, I think you actually believe that. 
 I think things didn't go down exactly how you planned. 
 You didn't count on so many people having questions, doubting you. 
 You didn't think about what happens when you lie. 
 Thank you. 
 Especially when you lie to the ones you love the most. 
 What is this? 
 Business trip. 
 I decided it's long overdue for me to inspect our holdings in Melbourne. 
 And how long will you be? 
 I don't know. 
 Diggle : When you were stuck on that island plotting your grand plan to save the city, I don't think you stopped to consider the effect it would have on the people in your life. 
 Or how it might hurt you. 
 Let's go. 
 [Grunts] 
 [Stammering] 
 You're ok. 
 No, no, no. 
 Or how it might hurt them. 
 You're wrong. 
 I think about it all the time. 
 And just to be clear, not being able to tell my family the truth... 
 It doesn't hurt anyone worse than it hurts me. 
 Where are you going? 
 Mueller still has to sell those guns and I have to stop him. 
 Oliver... 
 He had his chance. 
 Man : 28 crates, four guns in each crate, $250,000 cash. 
 Take it or leave it. 
 That's the deal. 
 Leo Mueller, you have failed this city. 
 [Arrow whistling] 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 