Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x07 - Muse of Fire - Arrow 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x07 - Muse of Fire https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=172&t=10210 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/01/12 20:53 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x07 - Muse of Fire 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 My name is Oliver Queen. For 5 years I was stranded on an island with only one goal-- survive. 
 Oliver Queen is alive. 
 Now I will fulfill my father's dying wish-- to use the list of names he left me and bring down those who are poisoning my city. To do this, I must become someone else. I must become something else. 
 Previously on  Arrow... 
 The Oliver you lost might not be the one they found. 
 When you were stuck on that island, plotting your grand plan to save the city, I don't think you stopped to consider the effect it would have on the people in your life. 
 You're wrong. 
 Not being able to tell my family the truth, it doesn't hurt anyone worse than it hurts me. 
 I made you a promise. 
 I couldn't keep it. 
 After being granted the miracle of having my child returned to me, that you seem to have no interest in telling me the truth. 
 You got to let me in, Ollie. 
 You got to let someone in. 
 [vibrating, beep] 
 Hello? 
 Hi. Mom said I'm supposed to remind you to pick her up for lunch. 
 Was I supposed to have lunch with her today? 
 She said she left you like 5 messages. 
 Just bite the bullet and have a Cobb salad with the woman. 
 You know, Thea, sometimes it's difficult to remember which one of you is my mother. 
 Mrs. Queen, all I'm asking for is a chance to sit down and discuss our proposal. Hmm? 
 If that's all it is, then I can save us both the time. 
 It's rejected. 
 I see. 
 May I ask why? 
 Do I really need to answer that, Mr. Copani? 
 Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm meeting my son for lunch. 
 [tires squeal] 
 Get down! 
 [groans] 
 Mom? Are you okay? 
 I'm all right. 
 Are you hurt? 
 No, I'm--I'm-- 
 Are you sure? 
 I'm fine. 
 You're sure you're fine? 
 Call 9-1-1! 
 [tires squeal] 
 [horns honking] 
 1x07 
 Muse of Fire 
 Hi. 
 Are you okay? 
 I'm fine. 
 I'm fine. 
 Did you reach Walter? 
 No. I'm sorry. 
 As I was telling your mother and sister, the CAT-Scan showed a grade two concussion. 
 She can go home so long as someone stays with her just to make sure there are no after effects. 
 Thank you. 
 I'm sorry, I shouldn't have left you. 
 I thought you were fine. 
 What did you think you were doing anyway? 
 Yeah, I wanted to get the license plate of the guy who took a shot at you. 
 Well, that was foolish. 
 Yeah. 
 So did you get the license plate? 
 No. He got away. 
 Maybe you should spend a little less time trying to be a hero. 
 You're obviously not very good at it. 
 That's cute. 
 I wasn't trying to be. 
 You left her on the street, alone and hurt. 
 In the street. 
 To get a license plate? 
 You don't believe me? 
 I love you. 
 Mom loves you. 
 But it's getting hard when you won't be truthful with us. 
 Detectives. 
 Do you have any leads on the shooter? 
 Not yet. 
 Did you get a good look at him? 
 No. He was wearing a helmet. 
 Don't worry. 
 We'll find him. 
 My head of security is on his way. 
 I want to make sure there are men outside my mother's door. 
 She needs to be protected. 
 Well, you know your family's at the tippy-toppy of the my list of priorities, but the guy that she was with was connected, mobbed up to the eyeballs connected. 
 She wasn't the target. 
 And you're welcome. 
 ♪ You are my only escape ♪ 
 [knock on door] 
 ♪ You are the reason that I wake ♪ 
 Technically I did get here like 10 seconds before this guy. 
 Keep the change. 
 So, Tommy, what brings you by so late? 
 Well, I assumed, rightly, that you would be at home working tonight, and I also assumed that you might be hungry. 
 Also rightly. 
 I don't know. 
 This is a mushroom and olive pizza from Mario's. 
 [exhales] 
 That is damn good pie. 
 All right, what do you have to offer? 
 Spicy tuna on crispy rice from Toro's. 
 Ohh. 
 Damn you, Merlyn. 
 I hope Sushi was all you had in mind. 
 Uh, actually, there was something that I wanted to ask you. 
 And what's that? 
 Will you go out with me? 
 Like on a date. 
 You brought me dinner to ask me to dinner? 
 Well, I also did throw you a really big charity gala. 
 See, I thought you threw it for the hundreds of people it would benefit. 
 Yeah, yeah, yeah. 
 Hundreds of people. 
 Plus one more. 
 Tommy. 
 Laurel, I get it. 
 Okay, this is all happening for us in the wrong order. 
 You know, first we're friends for many years, and then briefly we are friends with benefits, extremely excellent benefits. 
 And now I am just hoping that we can be two people sitting at the same restaurant at the same table at the same time. 
 See, when I see it like that, it doesn't sound so scary, does it? 
 Oliver, your mom was nearly killed. 
 I think you can take a day off from training. 
 My mother wasn't the target. 
 This man was. 
 Paul Copani. 
 He was trying to close a deal with her when they were shot at. 
 Copani works for Bertinelli Construction and Frank Bertinelli. 
 The mob boss? 
 I did some digging. 
 Copani isn't the first member of Bertinelli's crew who's been hit. 
 You did some digging? 
 [sighs] Bertinelli has a lot of enemies. 
 The best way to figure out who's trying to target his organization is to get inside of it. 
 So let me get this right, Oliver. 
 Your mother's shot at, nearly killed, and the way you process this emotionally is by going undercover with the mob. 
 I'm not trying to process anything emotionally. 
 Yeah, well, maybe that's your problem, man. 
 You ever thought about just being there for your family? 
 I tried that today with Thea. 
 She told me I wasn't being honest with her, and she's right. 
 I can't very well explain to her that I left our mother alone and bleeding on the pavement because I'm fast enough to almost run down the attacker. 
 But what I can do is protect my family. 
 And, Diggle, when I found out who this guy is, he's a dead man. 
 Speedy. 
 Where you going? 
 Clubbing. Which is difficult to do when you're in a house and not in an actual club. 
 I have to go out tonight. 
 I thought you'd be watching mom. 
 I spent the whole day with her. 
 I thought you were taking the night shift. 
 I'm sorry, but this thing, it's important. 
 You know, sometimes, Ollie, I just don't get you. 
 And by sometimes, I mean ever. 
 You're actually not the first person to say that to me today. 
 Why am I not surprised? 
 Oh, nice dress. 
 Where you headed? 
 Upstairs. 
 Apparently. 
 Long story. 
 Hey, I heard about your mom. Is she all right? 
 Well she's resting upstairs. 
 More shaken up than anything. 
 I got to run to this business thing, but I do appreciate you stopping by. 
 It's no problem. Just so long as your mom's all right. 
 Yeah. 
 Hey, one more thing. 
 Mainly because I don't want you to find this out from someone else, that someone else especially being Laurel. 
 We're going to dinner. 
 As in a date. 
 That's... that's good. 
 Laurel deserves someone special, and so do you. 
 Thanks, man. 
 I gotta run to this thing. 
 All right. Absolutely. 
 I'll catch you later. 
 Oh, and, Tommy, if you hurt her, I'll snap your neck. 
 I'm just kidding. 
 [doorbell rings] 
 Mr. Bertinelli. 
 Call me Frank. 
 Ahh. Call me Oliver. 
 Thank you for agreeing to meet me at my home. 
 My father used to say that living rooms make the best conference rooms. 
 Oh, I'm gonna steal that. 
 Nick Salvati, my associate. 
 How do you do? 
 Let's have a drink. 
 So what are you in the mood for? 
 We could watch reality housewife cooking show or cop docs. 
 It's where doctors run around fighting crime when they're not all sleeping with each other. 
 [laughs] 
 Whatever you want, sweetheart. 
 You're the one who's given up your evening out. 
 Oh, it's not like there's anybody else who could be staying with you. 
 [gasps] 
 Oh, wait, yes, there is. 
 Don't be too harsh on your brother. 
 Why not? 
 I mean, aren't you getting sick of his lies? 
 Thea, everyone has secrets. 
 We all have things that we want to keep to ourselves. 
 I just don't get him sometimes. 
 I know. 
 I know. 
 [sighs] 
 You know, being in that hospital and seeing Dr. Lamb again, it made me remember the day that Oliver came home. 
 It was Dr. Lamb that told me that the Oliver we'd lost might not be the Oliver that they'd found. 
 I think it's easy to forget, but he lived apart from civilization for 5 years. 
 So what, he gets like a free pass? 
 No. No, no, no, not at all. 
 I... 
 I just think we need to stop judging him for the Oliver he was and start accepting him for the Oliver that he is. 
 So, Oliver, I'll be honest with you. 
 I was surprised to hear from you. 
 It was my impression from the local news that you weren't going to be involved with your family's business. 
 Well, apparently there were a few catch phrases that I missed while I was away for 5 years. 
 One of them being "mainstream media." 
 [laughs] 
 The press never gets anything right. 
 [cell phone rings] 
 Oh, I know a thing or two about that. 
 So, Oliver, I'll be blunt. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 I want the contract to build Queen Consolidated's new Applied Sciences Division. 
 And I am inclined to give it to you. 
 Your mother wasn't quite so enthusiastic. 
 How is she, by the way? 
 She's recuperating at home. Thank you. 
 What a terrible thing that happened. 
 And, Frank, I was very sorry to hear about what happened to Paul Copani. 
 Paul was a good friend. 
 He was a good man. 
 Yeah. The violence in this city. 
 You know, sometimes I wonder why I stay. 
 I've had the same thought. 
 So why did you come back? 
 After that island, you could have settled anywhere in the world. 
 Because Starling City is my home. 
 [speaking italian] 
 No matter which way you go or turn, you always end up at home. 
 Oliver, this is my daughter Helena. 
 Hello. 
 Nice to meet you. 
 I'm heading out. 
 All right. 
 Take one of the guys with you. 
 I can take care of myself. 
 I wasn't asking, sweetie. 
 Frank, that meeting you requested. 
 They can do it. 
 Now. 
 I can come back another time. 
 No, no, no. 
 Just, uh. 
 Just excuse us for a moment, would you? 
 Thank you. 
 Oliver Queen. 
 The rich man's Lindsay Lohan. 
 Look, um... 
 I've got to go to this other meeting, but I need someone to take him to dinner. 
 So you pimp out your daughter. 
 No. I ask her to help me close a business deal. 
 A reminder that the family business is dying and that we need this contract, and Oliver Queen can give it to us. 
 Please, Sweet Pea. 
 For us. 
 For me. Hmm? 
 That's my girl. 
 Oliver, I'm so sorry. 
 Something has come up. 
 But Helena would love to take you to dinner and discuss the deal further. 
 Oh. I was hoping to speak with you. 
 Well, as you speak for your family, my daughter also speaks for ours. 
 It's... It's really not necessary. 
 It would be my pleasure. 
 Sure. 
 I look forward to working together. 
 [groans] 
 [car door closes] 
 Thank you for coming. 
 Anything for a friend. 
 [Speaking Chinese] 
 We're not responsible for the attacks on your people. 
 These attacks on my business are my family's life blood. 
 They stop now, or I'm coming for you. 
 What does the Triad have to gain by provoking you now? 
 Well, no one ever credited the Triad with rational thinking? 
 If not them, then who? 
 Whoever it is, when I find out who's behind this, there will be blood. 
 Sounds like Bertinelli's ready to put the screws to everyone who pays him protection money. 
 Yeah, well, 3 of his best earners have been murdered. 
 He's gotta make up the cash somewhere. 
 Whoever is pruning the family tree is using bullets instead of arrows. 
 So you do think it's one of the other families. 
 No. 
 Then who? 
 Well, according to the coroner's reports, none of the vics took a clean shot. 
 Half the bullets missed. 
 Our killer's not a pro. 
 That's not stopping him from pulling that trigger. 
 That's up to us. 
 Or this is gonna blow up into an all-out mob war. 
 You are an angel, Helena. 
 So beautiful. 
 Well, we are gonna take good care of both of you tonight. 
 You'll tell your father hello from us? 
 Of course, Mr. Russo. 
 I'll give you a minute. 
 Thank you. 
 I heard about your mother's accident. 
 Is he gonna be okay? 
 She's gonna be fine. 
 Thanks. 
 I'm glad. 
 So, why would you want to go into business with my father? 
 You know who he is and how he made his money. 
 You don't approve of your family's enterprises? 
 We share a name, and that name defines us whether we want it to or not. 
 You've already made judgments about me, just like I've already made judgments about you. 
 Right. I'm the rich man's Lindsay Lohan. 
 [sighs] 
 Sorry. 
 That's okay. 
 Hey, can I ask you something? 
 Yeah. 
 I know it must have been hell for you, alone on that island for 5 years, but I'm... 
 But what? 
 But was there ever a day when you were just... 
 Happy to be away from everything? 
 No pressure from your family, no need to be the person everyone else expects you to be. 
 Was there ever a day when-- 
 When I didn't feel lost and I felt... free? 
 More than one. 
 And, uh... 
 Those are the days that I miss. 
 Whew! 
 Ohh... [laughs] 
 What, is it too spicy for you, Merlyn? 
 No. No, not really. 
 I'm just, um, I'm just crying because I was thinking of a Hallmark commercial I saw earlier today, featuring a sick kitty. 
 It was very emotional. 
 [both laugh] 
 Will there be anything else? 
 No. Thank you. 
 Yeah. 
 Thanks for letting me take you to dinner. 
 Well, thank you for letting me choose Indian. 
 You know, I read this article by a film critic once, who said if he could have one wish, it would be to watch his favorite movie again for the first time. 
 I kind of wish that was us. 
 So you want dinner and a movie. 
 No. 
 I wish we had just met and that all this was just beginning and there wasn't so much of me I wish you'd forget. 
 Well, keep saying nice things like that and maybe next time I'll let you choose the restaurant. 
 
 
 
 Mr. Merlyn... 
 Yeah? 
 I'm sorry, I'm afraid you credit card has been declined. 
 Did you swipe it a few times? 
 You know, sometimes those things can be a little glitchy. 
 I did, and, um, I'm afraid the credit card company wants me to confiscate it. 
 Sorry. 
 People are always asking me, what did I miss the most? 
 [takes deep breath] 
 Air conditioning. 
 Satellite radio. 
 Tagliet--uh--ta-- 
 Tagliatelle? 
 Right. 
 Mm. 
 But those are the answers that I give people because those are the answers they're expecting. 
 Why can't you just be truthful? 
 I don't know how truthful I can be. 
 You've been through a crucible, and it changed you. 
 How can it not? 
 That's beautiful. 
 Your cross. 
 It's a gift. 
 From my fiance. 
 Fiance. 
 Mm. 
 I didn't know you were engaged. 
 I'm not. 
 Anymore. 
 He died. 
 I'm sorry. 
 Me, too. 
 That was my crucible. 
 Boy, it's nice to... 
 It's really nice to be with someone that I can be myself with. 
 It's nice to be with someone who knows how hard it can be. 
 [cell phone vibrates] 
 I'm really sorry. 
 It's okay. Take it. 
 Thank you. 
 Yeah. 
 It's Diggle. 
 Something came up. 
 You gotta get out of there and call me back. 
 Helena, I have to go. There's something that I have to do. 
 It's about my mother, otherwise I would, uh, I would stay. 
 And I would like that. 
 [laughs] 
 My father would kill me if I let you pay. 
 I have a confession. 
 I didn't want to go out with you tonight. 
 That makes two of us. 
 I'm really glad that I did. 
 That makes two of us. 
 Hmm. 
 Oliver. 
 Be careful with my father. 
 [knock on door] 
 Thea, you don't need to knock, sweetheart. 
 What about me? 
 I hope you don't mind. 
 Thea let me in. 
 What are you doing here? 
 I wanted to see how your recovery was going? 
 Well, surely someone of your means has a telephone. 
 I like to see someone when I have something important to talk about. 
 We used to be friends, Moira. 
 I still remember that time. 
 You, me, and Robert. 
 Which is why I came by. 
 You are a vital part of Starling City's future. 
 Robert feared that future. 
 He lost his conviction. 
 It's been my experience that when someone has a brush with death like you experienced today, even their deepest held convictions can change. 
 Have they? 
 No. 
 You didn't have to say it. 
 I can see that they haven't. 
 What happened? 
 Yeah, it's what's about to happen. 
 Bertinelli's enforcer Nick Salvati-- 
 Yeah. We drank a scotch together. 
 He seems like a real stand-up mobster. 
 Yeah, well, he's been paying visits to everyone who owes the mob protection money. 
 Diggle, I'm trying to figure out who took a shot at my mother, not take on all of organized crime. 
 Well, listen, Oliver, Salvati and his goons have already put 4 people in the hospital tonight, and if somebody doesn't stop them, the poor b*st*rd who owns Russo's is gonna be next. 
 Wait, wait. Russo's? 
 It's at the corner of Adams and-- 
 I know where it is, Diggle. 
 I'm here right now. 
 What? 
 I was having dinner with Bertinelli's daughter. 
 Oliver, you're supposed to be going undercover, not speed dating. 
 I didn't have a choice. 
 Yeah, well, uh, I've seen her on the web. 
 You made quite the sacrifice. 
 Salvati's here. 
 I'm sorry, we're closed. 
 Oh, Mr. Salvati. 
 Buona sera. 
 I have some fresh-made lasagna. 
 We're not here for food, Mr. Russo. 
 Your payment's due. 
 I already made my payment this month. 
 You need to pay again. 
 Please. I can't afford to make another payment if I'm going to-- 
 Going to what? 
 Restock your bar? 
 Break his fingers. 
 Leave him alone! 
 Break hers, too. 
 No! Don't touch her! 
 I don't understand. 
 Why is she targeting her family? 
 I don't know. And here I thought you had parental issues. 
 It's not a joke, Diggle. 
 Oliver, you're not falling for this girl, are you? 
 Because I know you can't be that crazy. 
 Helena Bertinelli shot at your mother. 
 She also murdered 4 men in cold blood. 
 She has to have reasons for what she's doing. 
 Reasons? 
 Since when do you care about the bad guys' reasons? 
 Oh, she is the bad guy, Oliver. 
 She's the killer. And whatever's going on in your head, you better get it straight, man. 
 Any attempt on his right hand is gonna send your new friend's father on the warpath. 
 I know what I'm doing. 
 Now I know how your family feels when you lie to them. 
 Is this the only angle you got? 
 The Russos chintzed out a bit on their security package. 
 Somebody is in the wings with a gun shooting at these guys. 
 What do you got from earlier? 
 Yeah. 
 You mean before the shooting? 
 A business dinner, a birthday dinner, a couple of blind dates. 
 Any guests of the Chinese persuasion? 
 Humor me. 
 Why? 
 Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, wait a second. What was that? 
 Help yourself. 
 Come on. 
 Son of a bitch. 
 [knock on door] 
 Detective. 
 Is everything okay? 
 Your, um, your buddy with the arrows was at Russo's last night. 
 And I was there earlier with a date. 
 So... what? 
 You think I'm the hood guy again? 
 No. 
 Your date. 
 Helena Bertinelli. 
 If I were you, I'd stay away from her. 
 Her family's bad news on a good day. 
 Why the sudden concern for my well-being? 
 A few weeks ago I made a mistake. 
 I almost got you killed. 
 And you felt like you owed me one? 
 If I did, as far as I'm concerned, this clears the books. 
 [clacking] 
 [grunting] 
 Can I talk to you? 
 Dad! 
 In case you haven't noticed, I'm a little occupied at the moment. 
 I just talked to the accountant. 
 He said my accounts were frozen. 
 He said my credit cards were all canceled. 
 I pay Sandy a king's ransom each year in fees, Tommy. 
 When it comes to money, if he says it's so, it's so. 
 Do you think this is a joke? 
 No. 
 You are. 
 Although I must say, your chronic irresponsibility and terminal laziness has lost its humor. 
 Hmm. 
 You're wondering why now. 
 The better question is, why not sooner? 
 It's... It's my trust fund. 
 Which is comprised of my money. 
 Oh, excuse me. 
 Was comprised. 
 [indistinct song playing] 
 Helena. 
 How did you find me here? 
 I followed you from your house. 
 Your fiance? 
 Yeah. 
 You said that losing him was your own crucible. 
 That it changed you. 
 You didn't say how. 
 When you love someone as much as I loved him, with all of your heart, and you can't just turn that emotion off when they're taken from you. 
 You still feel things as deeply. 
 And if it can't be love that you feel, then... then it becomes hate. 
 Hate for who? 
 Oliver... you should stay away from me. 
 Helena? 
 [vehicle approaches] 
 [brakes squeal] 
 Get in. 
 My father is going to kill you for this. 
 I've been wanting to do that for years. 
 Spoiled bitch. 
 I knew it was someone from the inside waging war against your father and me. 
 I just never thought it'd be this inside. 
 You dropped this at Russo's. 
 You're smarter than I gave you credit for, Nicky. 
 You're not. 
 Hey! 
 You're a businessman, right? 
 So let's talk business. 
 I can offer you a lot of money if you let us go. 
 This isn't about money, Richie Rich. 
 This is about loyalty. 
 He's got nothing to do with any of this. 
 Then what the hell is it about? 
 My father had Michael murdered. 
 [laughs] 
 Of course he did. 
 He didn't want you to know the truth. 
 Your rat of a fiance was gathering evidence. 
 He was talking to the friggin' FBI. 
 The love of your life was going to destroy your father. 
 You're wrong. 
 Uhh. 
 I found a laptop in Michael's bag, Helena. 
 Everything that could send your father and me to prison for the rest of our lives was on it. 
 That computer-- 
 Was mine. 
 Michael wasn't the one talking to the FBI. 
 I was. 
 You? 
 My father is a monster. 
 He doesn't care who he hurts to keep his money and power, and I wanted it to stop. 
 Well, then it's your fault Michael's dead. 
 Not your father for ordering the hit or me for carrying it out. 
 Yours. 
 You shot Michael. 
 In the chest, so he knew it was me. 
 Just... like... this. 
 Uhh! 
 Uhh! 
 [choking] 
 You're gonna burn in hell for what you've done. 
 It'll be worth it. 
 Uhh! 
 Get up! 
 Helena... 
 I didn't have a choice, Oliver. 
 No one can know my secret. 
 CSU didn't find any usable prints except for the 3 victims. 
 One of them had a GSW to the chest. 
 So who broke the necks of Salvati and his buddy? 
 Look, it's been a while since the Hood broke anyone's neck. 
 And I didn't see any arrows laying around. 
 We better pray that Frank Bertinelli blames the Hood for this. 
 'Cause if he thinks it's the Triad, Starling City is ground zero to World War III. 
 [knock on door] 
 You okay? 
 I spoke to my dad today. 
 I bet that was fun. 
 He explained to me what happened with my credit card yesterday. 
 And my checking account, my savings account, my brokerage account, my stock portfolio. 
 He cut me off completely. 
 What? 
 My car got repossessed. 
 That was fun. 
 Oh, and I have to move out of my apartment by the end of the month. 
 You are gonna be fine, Tommy. 
 In fact, you are gonna be great. 
 Merlyn money or not. 
 And you know, I have a mushroom and olive Mario pizza in my refrigerator waiting to be eaten. 
 I suppose it's already paid for, right? 
 Exactly. 
 ♪ Oh, no, I've said too much ♪ 
 [song continues indistinctly] 
 When did you get back? 
 Just now. 
 I'm so happy to see you. 
 [chuckles] 
 But did you come home only because you heard I was hurt? 
 No. I was already on my way when Thea called. 
 I actually came home because I miss my wife. 
 Ohh. 
 It's okay. 
 Is she all right? 
 Walter's home. 
 She's gonna be fine. 
 Look, I'm sorry if I was a bitch with you earlier. 
 There were a few times. 
 Could you be more specific? 
 Don't push it. 
 Don't worry. 
 You weren't a bitch. 
 At the hospital you were a little... 
 A little bit. 
 Look, I'm just worried about you. 
 You seem really lonely. 
 And we all have our secrets, Ollie. 
 Clearly you have yours. 
 And it's fine if you don't want to share them with us, but I just really think you should share them with someone. 
 [sighs] 
 I'd ask how you got in here, but the Starling City vigilante comes and goes as he pleases, doesn't he? 
 How'd you know? 
 I saw you fight. 
 And I saw your eyes. 
 That island changed you in ways that only someone like me could understand. 
 No. 
 What you're doing right now, I know that if feels like justice, but it's not. 
 It's revenge. 
 Sometimes revenge is justice. 
 Your father killed your fiance. 
 And what did your father do to you? 
 Isn't the man in the hood fighting to set things right? 
 Why is your vendetta more valid than mine? 
 We're the same, you and I. 
 No, we're not. 
 [scoffs] 
 Hiding in plain sight. 
 Concealing our anger with smiles and lies. 
 Don't lie to me, Oliver. 
 You feel the same as I do, I know it. 
 Why are you crying? 
 I don't know. 
 Maybe it's because I have been alone in my hate for so long. 
 I feel-- 
 It feels so good to tell the truth. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 