Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x22 - Darkness on the Edge of Town - Arrow 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x22 - Darkness on the Edge of Town https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=172&t=10225 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/11/13 16:48 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x22 - Darkness on the Edge of Town 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 My name is Oliver Queen. For 5 years, I was stranded on an island with only one goal-- survive. 
 Oliver Queen is alive. 
 Now I will fulfill my father's dying wish-- to use the list of names he left me and bring down those who are poisoning my city. To do this, I must become someone else. I must become something else. 
 Previously on "Arrow"... 
 Rescuing your father and stopping Fyers is not going to be some walk in the park. 
 Yao Fei! 
 Ba! 
 How did you escape? 
 I didn't. 
 You told me to stay away from your family and I did, but your family isn't staying away from me, which means something must be done about it. 
 You're going home. 
 About my mother, and about her involvement in the Undertaking. 
 She's working with Malcolm Merlyn, and they're planning something terrible. 
 So, I was wondering-- there's a late night happy hour at Stella's. 
 You know, the place across the street. 
 You mean the place that's always playing loud salsa music at all hours when I'm trying to work late? 
 That--that would be the one, yeah. 
 Anyway, I was thinking that, um, maybe, you know, if you wanted to, we could perhaps grab a drink? 
 How about two? 
 Oh, my God! 
 Please. 
 I did everything Mr. Merlyn required of me! 
 He knows, Dr. Markov, and he thanks you for your service. 
 [Screams] 
 [Alarm sounding] 
 Open the door! 
 Open the door! 
 Freeze! 
 No! 
 Open the door! 
 Get down on the floor! 
 
 Arrow 
Season 1 Episode 22 
 Darkness on the Edge of Town 
Original Air Date on May 8, 2013 
 
 [Screams] 
 I've been watching your mother for days now, Oliver, and nothing. 
 She goes to work, she comes home. Occasionally she goes out for dinner. 
 She seems to particularly like the salmon tartar at table salt. 
 I'm linked into her home and office phone. 
 Nothing out of the ordinary. 
 No mention of Walter's abduction or the Undertaking. 
 Just a few innocuous calls to Malcolm Merlyn. 
 Why wouldn't she call him? 
 They're old friends. 
 We're all old friends. 
 Are you ok? 
 My mom and my best friend's dad are involved in a conspiracy that may have dire consequences for the city. 
 And I'm pretty sure they murdered my father. 
 I'm not planning on using the word "ok" again any time soon. 
 Listen, all we know for sure is that Malcolm and your mother are planning something for the Glades. 
 And that Walter and I were getting too close to it, that's why they had him kidnapped. 
 We have to find out what this Undertaking is. 
 I got to ask her. 
 Well, no. The last time the Vigilante paid your mom a visit, you got shot, and I got to play doctor with you. 
 Ahh! My brain thinks of the worst way to say things. 
 This time it'll just be me asking. 
 Friendly mother-son chat. 
 Laurel? What are you doing here? 
 It's not even 7:00 a.m. 
 That's just after closing time, right? 
 [Chuckles] 
 How's business? 
 Well, it's busy. 
 Busy. It was easier when Tommy was running things. 
 Tommy's a good guy. 
 Yeah. 
 Are you? 
 What do you mean? 
 Last week, I told you that I wanted to get back with Tommy. 
 That I needed you to go to him and explain to him that you didn't still have feelings for me. 
 But instead, you told me that you did. 
 As I'm sure you can probably imagine, I haven't been able to think of much since. 
 I shouldn't have said that. 
 Then why did you? 
 I didn't... have an agenda. 
 I didn't mean to make it more difficult for you to fix things with Tommy. 
 But what if you did? 
 After you disappeared-- with Sara-- 
 I was sorry I ever knew you. 
 But now, things have happened that I never thought would. 
 You coming home. 
 My parents being in the same room. 
 And you. 
 What if I'm finally starting to see you for who you really are? 
 No, Laurel, it's-- 
 And maybe Tommy was right. 
 Maybe he and I weren't meant to be. 
 Maybe I'm finally ready to admit that... that I still have feelings for you, too. 
 Nothing's changed. 
 My life hasn't changed. 
 I haven't changed. 
 I got to go. 
 Walter's coming home. 
 [Inhales and exhales] 
 Everything's exactly as you left it. 
 How are you feeling, Walter? 
 I'm on the mend, thank you, Oliver. 
 Oh, I'm so glad you're home. 
 That makes two of us. 
 All of us. 
 We've prepared a delicious brunch for you. 
 All your favorites. 
 Oh, yum, English food. 
 Actually, I'm more tired from the drive than I expected. 
 So I think I'd like to lie down for a bit. 
 Yes, of course. 
 [Cell phone vibrating] 
 Walter doesn't really seem like himself. 
 He's gone through a lot. 
 It's just... going to take a little bit of time. 
 [Sighs] I'm really sick of us all having to go through a lot, you know? 
 Six scientists and three security personnel are confirmed killed in the massacre. 
 Among the dead, respected seismologist Brian Markov. 
 A spokesperson for Unidac Industries says a comment would be forthcoming. 
 Mom, we need to talk. 
 Oh, uh, later, Oliver. 
 ...co-workers, parents and families of all the victims to see how they're coping with their loss. 
 You! 
 Save it. 
 We don't have the luxury of indulging in vendettas. 
 Ba! 
 Shado. 
 You led Fyers right to us, you coward! 
 Fyers was about to fire bomb the entire forest just to eliminate you. 
 This way, you all have a chance. 
 Well, pray I don't get the chance to repay your mercy. 
 How fitting. 
 Everyone reunited for the end. 
 The end of what? 
 What is all this for? 
 Man on radio : HKIA, this is Ferris Air flight 637 out of Berlin, nonstop to Hong Kong. 
 We are steady on approach at 33,000 feet and winds at 15 knots. 
 ETA, two hours, 15 minutes, over. 
 Ferris 637, this is HKIA. 
 Adjust course to 0.6 degrees south. 
 11 minutes, over. 
 Roger, HKIA. 
 Why the course change? 
 Nothing to worry about, 637. 
 Just looking to make sure you avoid a little turbulence. 
 Roger that. 
 Adjusting course now. 
 They're altering course, sir. The plane will be in range of Lian Yu in 26 minutes. 
 Good. Keep tracking it. 
 That's a commercial airliner, Fyers. 
 It's not like it can land here. 
 It won't be landing anywhere, Mr. Queen. 
 I'm going to destroy it. 
 Arrows are black, not green. 
 Copycat archer again. 
 Psychopaths are color-coding themselves now. 
 That's helpful. 
 Yeah, except we haven't seen the copycat in quite a while. 
 Ok, last time he took hostages to draw out the Vigilante. 
 This time, he massacres a bunch of lab nerds? 
 I want a press lockdown, nobody hears about the other archer and we need to get a list of all Unidac employees and find out what they're working on here. 
 Apparently it was a tight group. 
 Anyone who knows anything about the project is dead. 
 And the copycat fried all their computers and burned their research. 
 [Exhales] Whatever's going on here, someone doesn't want anyone to know about it. 
 Where did you even get that camera? 
 Come to think of it, where did you get this car? 
 I borrowed it. 
 Illegally. 
 You know, when I imagine being in a car with you, this isn't exactly what I had in mind. 
 Yeah, well, you're the one who said you'd help me find the Vigilante. 
 I know, but it's been two weeks, and the closest we've come is snapping photos of the cop who hates the Hood just as much as you worship him. 
 I don't worship him. 
 I just need to find him. 
 You don't need to find him to be somebody. 
 Besides, it's not like you're going to meet him any time soon. 
 Just that the cops don't have a clue. 
 We don't know what they know. 
 Ok, I officially do not like that look. 
 You still work at CNRI, right? 
 Hey, Mom. 
 [Exhales] 
 Walter's upstairs resting. 
 I think he's... doing well, don't you? 
 Who took him? 
 Well, we don't know yet. 
 But I'm going to make sure all the resources of Queen Consolidated are behind it. 
 That's the answer that you gave to reporters yesterday. 
 Tell me the truth. 
 [Scoffs] I don't know what you mean. 
 I think you do. 
 A couple months ago, when I showed you dad's notebook, you seemed to know something. 
 Something about our family being in danger. 
 Are you suggesting that I knew something about my husband's kidnapping? 
 I'm just suggesting that maybe you were scared. 
 That maybe you didn't mean for any of this to happen. 
 But it was harder than you thought. 
 And now you're barely keeping your head above water. 
 Please, Mom. 
 Let me help you before you drown. 
 You need to stop asking these things. 
 Do you understand? 
 I need you to stop. 
 I can't. 
 I need to know. 
 Is that a power outage? 
 I don't know. 
 [Glass breaks] 
 Oliver! Oliver! 
 [Glass breaks] 
 [Gasping] 
 Mom! 
 Oliver. 
 Are you ok? 
 Oliver? 
 What--what-- we got to get out of here. 
 Moira Queen... 
 You have failed the city. 
 It doesn't make any sense! 
 Why do you want to blow up a plane? 
 When the New York Stock Exchange reopened after 9-11, the Dow Jones dropped nearly 685 points. 
 Can you imagine what would happen to China, the world's second largest economy, if all air travel in and out of China were to be grounded indefinitely? 
 You want to destabilize China's economy? 
 It's not what I want, but rather my employer. 
 We have enough missiles here to shoot down any aircraft approaching the mainland. 
 And that will decimate China's economy. 
 Especially... once a rogue element in China's own military claims responsibility. 
 You see, inconvenient though you occasionally were, you're always worth more to me alive than dead. 
 Then you should have killed me. 
 Because I won't do it. 
 Ahh! 
 Shado! Shado! 
 I said I need you alive, but I can kill everyone you care about. 
 Help you with something? 
 Yes, um, I'm from CNRI and we're investigating claims of racial bias in SCPD arrests. 
 So I'm going to need a copy of each file from every arrest in Starling City January, 2011 to the present. 
 It's almost 9:00 at night. 
 Yeah, well, tell that to Judge Crow. 
 He's the one who signed the court order. 
 Wait here. 
 I don't know, it seems like a bit of a reach. 
 Yeah, which is what you do when you got nothin'. 
 'Cause all I know is the copycat, he torched every record down at Unidac. 
 And all we got are phone records and they show that this Markov guy, he made a couple of calls to an unclaimed line at Merlyn Global. 
 A couple of calls? 
 Did I say reach? 
 I misspoke. I meant leap. 
 [Sighs] Just get someone down here from Merlyn Global to answer a few questions under oath. 
 Did you find anything? 
 Lots. 
 Anything helpful? 
 No, still looking. 
 What about you? 
 You learn anything from the cops? 
 As a matter of fact... 
 I like the sound of that. 
 You know that copycat archer? 
 Yeah. 
 Turns out he's connected to Merlyn Global somehow. 
 Or, at least his victims are. 
 We're looking for the Hood, not some crazy wannabe. 
 Well, the guy with the black arrows seems to hate the guy with the green arrows, so... 
 So what, we just show up at Merlyn Global and hope the Hood shows up, too? 
 Last I checked, you don't have any better ideas. 
 Please! 
 Do not hurt my son. 
 Tell me what the Undertaking is and I won't have to. 
 Moira : No! 
 Tell me! 
 Please! 
 Leave my son alone! 
 What is Malcolm Merlyn planning?! 
 I can't tell you! 
 He'll kill me, he'll kill my family. 
 You should be more worried about what I'll do. 
 No! 
 Malcolm is planning to level the Glades! 
 He said so he could rebuild it, but... 
 How? 
 There's a device. 
 What device?! 
 He says that it can cause an earthquake. 
 How is this possible? 
 I don't know. 
 It was invented by Unidac Industries. 
 Malcolm used my company's Applied Sciences to turn it into a weapon. 
 Why would you get involved in something like this? 
 My husband... 
 He got involved without my knowing. 
 He was just trying to do some good. 
 He was lost. He... 
 His decisions left me vulnerable to Malcolm, and I had no choice. 
 I had to protect my family and my children. 
 This device... 
 Where is it? 
 I don't know. 
 If you don't tell me, I can't stop Merlyn! 
 Oh, you can't stop him. 
 It's too late. 
 No, no, no, I told you everything! 
 Oliver! 
 No! 
 Oh, sweet-- 
 Please, I know what you must be thinking, sweetheart, but I never intended any of this to happen. 
 [Coughs] 
 You know I would never willingly be a part of anything like this. 
 I don't know anything anymore. 
 Oh, my God. 
 You said you were going to pull your punches! 
 I did. 
 Let me get you an icepack for... 
 Everything. 
 I'm fine. 
 I need you to dig up everything you can on Unidac Industries. 
 Well, we know Queen Consolidated acquired them seven months ago. 
 That's when we met. 
 I need information about what I don't know. 
 Unidac is a small research and development technology company that specializes in seismic infringement. 
 Merlyn plans on leveling the Glades with a device that triggers a manmade earthquake. 
 You're kidding. 
 What else does it say? 
 More information on the stock auction and, you know, the latest on what the media's calling-- 
 The Unidac massacre. 
 There's no way this timing is a coincidence. 
 Oliver, there's a website claiming the police suspect a copycat archer. 
 What?! 
 So the other archer works for Merlyn? 
 He's tying up loose ends. 
 Erasing all evidence this device exists so no one can trace the devastation back to him. 
 All right, so you're going to have a pointed conversation with Mr. Merlyn. 
 Well, even if I take out Merlyn, the other archer is still out there. 
 He can set off the device. 
 We need to find it. 
 Then Merlyn can get his. 
 Well, maybe there's another way to get Merlyn to tell us. 
 What do you have in mind? 
 As I keep proving, people keep secrets. 
 Computers don't. 
 Felicity, are you hacking into the Merlyn Global mainframe? 
 "Hacking" is such an ugly word. 
 No. I'm... 
 Yeah, totally hacking into the Merlyn Global mainframe. 
 Stop! 
 I'll do it. 
 I knew your good judgment could be counted on. 
 Come along now. 
 We need to get you back into uniform. 
 [Grunting] 
 [Speaking chinese] 
 It's Fyers. 
 It's happening. 
 Understood. 
 That was Fyers. 
 Everything is proceeding to your plan. 
 Walter : It truly is very kind of you to come all the way out here. 
 Walter? 
 Who are you speaking to-- 
 Moira. 
 How are you? 
 Well. 
 Thank you. 
 Actually, you look a little bit out of sorts. 
 Oh, no, no, I'm fine. 
 Malcolm stopped by to check up on his nemesis. 
 On the racquetball court. 
 [Chuckles] 
 I didn't get a chance to talk to Walter at the hospital. 
 Like everyone, I'm glad he's back where he belongs. 
 With his family. 
 Yes. 
 I'll let you get some rest. 
 Thanks again. 
 Yeah. 
 Uh, I'll walk you out. 
 
 
 
 Your assassin wasn't too subtle in eliminating those people at Unidac. 
 Well, now the police are focused on the copycat archer instead of the Undertaking. 
 As for our collateral damage, I had to limit our exposure. 
 I see. 
 And does paying Walter a visit just now fall under the same category? 
 You held him for nearly six months. 
 Surely you had him questioned. 
 He was. 
 And I assume that if Walter knew something you'd rather he didn't, agreement be damned, I would be a widow again. 
 Am I wrong? 
 Rarely. 
 Well, we discovered a few phone calls between one of the Unidac victims and someone at the Merlyn Global group. 
 Which is why I asked for someone at your company to help me with my investigation. 
 But naturally, they send down the one guy that's been working there 30 seconds and knows nothing. 
 Detective Lance, if someone from Merlyn Global is involved with those deaths, I want them found as much as you do. 
 Give me more to go on than some phone calls and I will help you in any way that I can. 
 Thank you. 
 What are you doing here? 
 Helping your father with an investigation. 
 Uh... 
 Call me if you need anything else. 
 Thank you. 
 One second, sweetie. 
 Ok, someone at Merlyn Global could be connected to the copycat archer, all right? 
 Any chance you can have a little snoop around their computer systems? 
 You'll need a warrant. 
 No, we'll need a judge who owes me a favor. 
 Hey. 
 You never did tell me what had you and Merlyn on the outs. 
 No, I didn't. 
 You don't have to tell me. 
 Oliver. 
 [Scoffs] Come on. 
 I know. 
 I know. Say it. 
 You--you think I'm crazy. 
 I mean, Oliver, he cheated on me, he broke my heart, he led Sara to her death and you would probably rather drink acid than see me with him again. 
 Dad... 
 I am sure you're disappointed in me. 
 [Exhales] 
 Since Queen's been back, he's... 
 Different. 
 I'll deny ever having said that. 
 Hmm. 
 Let's eat. 
 [Beep] 
 [Felicity scoffs] 
 Anything? 
 Just for the record, I will pump my fist in the air and scream, "yes!" 
 If I get in. 
 You know, you can just say this isn't working. 
 This isn't working. 
 All right, there has to be some other way we can find out where he's keeping this device. 
 Unless I can waltz up to Merlyn's mainframe and plug in my tablet directly, there's no way of getting that location. 
 Then we waltz. 
 Excuse me? 
 You need direct access to the mainframe, so we get you direct access to the mainframe, and we figure out where the device is being kept. 
 Oliver...I did mention that the mainframe is located inside Merlyn Global Group's main headquarters, on the 25th floor? 
 It's only accessible through a restricted access elevator. 
 I know. 
 We're going to have to break in. 
 Hi. Oliver Queen. 
 I have an 11:30 with Tommy Merlyn. 
 I have a super deluxe Big Belly Buster for a Mr. Andrews. 
 I think he's in security. 
 He a good tipper? 
 You can go on up, Mr. Queen. 
 You can wait a second. 
 New guy, you order food? 
 Yeah, I'm addicted to big belly burger. 
 Never had it. 
 I'll split it with you. 
 Keep the change. 
 [Elevator dings] 
 Hold that. 
 Where you heading, sweetie? 
 19th floor. 
 Too bad, I'm going to 13. 
 Damn it! 
 Mr. Andrews got his lunch? 
 One Belly Buster with benzodiazepine. 
 Hold the mayo. 
 Sleep tight. 
 Mainframe's on 25, guys. 
 That's as close as I can get you. 
 Come on. 
 Don't look down. 
 Too late. 
 I should mention, I'm afraid of heights, which I just learned. 
 Hey, Felicity. 
 Hmm? 
 Hold on to me tight. 
 I imagined you saying that under different circumstances. 
 Very platonic... circumstances. 
 Ready? 
 Uh-huh. 
 Come on. 
 You all right? 
 I'm fine. 
 Yeah, this is just my "about to hack" face. 
 I always... 
 Oh, look like this right before I, you know, hack. 
 Security patrol's on a ten minute cycle. 
 I'll have my meeting with Tommy and be back in nine, ok? 
 Ok. 
 Ok. 
 Dig, you got eyes on her? 
 Five by five. 
 Ok. 
 Sure beats the back of a bar. 
 I saw your name in my schedule, I thought it must be a typo. 
 Why so serious? 
 Did someone decide that they didn't want you putting an arrow in them today? 
 I thought it was past time we talked. 
 About what? 
 Me leaving the club, you being a serial killer? 
 We're not lacking for topics. 
 Let's start with Laurel, since you're still in love with her. 
 So are you. 
 I can't be with her, Tommy. 
 You know why I can't. 
 So what? 
 I'm her consolation prize? I'll pass. 
 She's not anyone's...property. 
 Laurel makes her own decisions. 
 And she chose you. 
 Until you couldn't handle it. 
 Lord knows I am guilty of a lot of things between us, but not you and her. 
 That's all I came to say. 
 What exactly do you do here? 
 I work closely with my father. 
 Guys, you got trouble. 
 What?! 
 Felicity's about to have some head of schedule company. 
 I'm not there yet on the download. 
 Hold tight, I'm on my way. 
 Oliver. 
 Mr. Merlyn. 
 I must say, I'm surprised to see you here. 
 Tommy and I just had a little unfinished business. 
 Ahh. I know things have been challenging between you two, but I trust you're working things out. 
 Diggle : Felicity! 
 Felicity : Just a few more seconds. 
 Yes. 
 I'm sorry, I have to go. 
 There are some investors waiting for me back at the club. 
 I'm heading out to a meeting myself. 
 I'll walk you down to the lobby. 
 Diggle : She's going to get made, Oliver. 
 Oliver, did you hear me?! 
 Diggle : Felicity! 
 What? Just a few more seconds! 
 Come on, come on, come on. 
 You don't have a few more seconds. 
 [Beep] 
 Yes! Wow, I really do do that. 
 Damn it, Oliver, she's in trouble, where are you? 
 This is a restricted area. 
 Let's see some I.D. 
 I.D.? Um... 
 Tell your mother I said hello. 
 I will. 
 Got held up. 
 Heading back upstairs. 
 Ollie? 
 Thea? 
 What are you doing here? 
 I, uh, just saw Tommy. 
 Yeah, me, too. 
 I'm going to run back up, I don't want to be late. 
 Oh, I thought you just came down. 
 There you are! 
 Thanks a lot, man, this one snuck past security. 
 One of Merlyn junior's bimbos. 
 She's pissed he never called her back. 
 Copy that. 
 I read the tabloids. 
 Yeah. Thanks again. 
 Let's go, Barbie. 
 Your new last name ain't going to be Merlyn. 
 But I love him! 
 He's my man! 
 [Laughs] You're my knight in shining armor. 
 Is that your friend Roy? 
 No, um... 
 No? 
 Yeah, he gave me a ride. 
 Thea, what are you really doing here? 
 The truth, please. 
 The truth? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Um...We're trying to find the Vigilante. 
 What? 
 Roy's been kind of obsessed with him since he saved his life at the subway. 
 And I overheard Detective Lance saying that the other archer was connected to Merlyn Global, so-- 
 Hey! 
 Roy. 
 We haven't met. I'm Thea's disapproving older brother. 
 Yeah, I know. 
 Good to meet you. 
 Don't mess around with the Hood. 
 He's a psychopath, he's dangerous, and anyone who gets near him winds up dead. 
 That will not be my sister. 
 Do you hear me? 
 Ok. 
 Take her home...now. 
 What are you doing? 
 The Vigilante's not too fond of guys who sell Vertigo. 
 I know a guy who claims he still has a stash to sell. 
 Maybe we could stake him out, hope the Hood shows up for him. 
 Did you not hear what my brother said? 
 What does your brother know about him? 
 Uh, for one thing, the Vigilante once saved his life, so if he's telling us to keep away, that should say something. 
 No offense, Thea, but your brother's kind of a wimp. 
 Don't say that. 
 Why not? It's true. 
 My brother survived five years alone on an island! 
 Five years I thought I had lost him. 
 Yeah? Well, I lost someone, too. 
 And they aren't coming back. 
 Who? 
 It doesn't matter. 
 That is why I need to find him. 
 So he can teach me to be like him. 
 I'm not losing anyone else ever again. 
 I can't do this, Roy. 
 If you don't give this up, you're going to lose me. 
 Better now than later. 
 Oh, good. 
 I was just coming to check on you to see if maybe you'd like some tea, or... 
 What is this? 
 Walter... 
 Please. 
 Divorce is an extreme reaction. 
 Well, considering the circumstances, I find it somewhat reserved. 
 Or do you think I believe that my abduction on the night you told me that I was getting too close to your conspiracy was a coincidence. 
 You--you were in danger. 
 This arrangement, it saved your life. 
 [Scoffs] Well, that's ironic. 
 Because it feels like you've destroyed it. 
 Walter... 
 You know, I read about people in forced captivity. 
 Some of them said it was a simple thought that got them through the isolation and fear-- 
 [chuckles] returning to their loved ones. 
 So I don't know really why I'm still alive, Moira, because I didn't have that. 
 Walter, please... 
 What do you think you can say to me to convince me that everything I knew, my whole life... hasn't just evaporated? 
 Where are you going? 
 Come here. 
 Detective? 
 What'd you find? 
 Merlyn Global's cyber security is off the charts. 
 Firewalls, NSA-grade I.P.Sec protocols... 
 What's that, tech speak for "I struck out, boss." 
 Yeah, but I wasn't the only one. 
 Somebody else tried hacking into Merlyn Global systems. 
 Same pathways I used, same result. 
 You're saying that someone else was looking for Merlyn's connection to Unidac? 
 Yeah, someone good. 
 Knew how to reverse engineer her footprints. 
 I almost didn't catch her. 
 Her? 
 Yeah. She works at Queen Consolidated. 
 Name's Felicity Smoak. 
 Who the hell is Felicity Smoak? 
 In addition to the download, I also took the liberty of uploading a trojan to Merlyn's system. 
 Figured it might come in handy. 
 That's smart. If Merlyn thinks he's been compromised, it'll help if we know first. 
 Can you locate the seismic device? 
 I'm working on it. 
 But there's at least a terraflop of data to go through. 
 You all right? 
 My father, he told me that he failed the city. 
 Asked me to right his wrongs, but I never knew what he meant until now. 
 It's the Undertaking. 
 I promised myself that when I crossed all these names off the list, I'd be done, but... 
 Taking down these people, it doesn't honor him. 
 I was just treating the symptoms while the disease festered. 
 I stop the Undertaking... 
 I wipe out the disease. 
 What are you saying, Oliver? 
 You would hang up the Hood? 
 Merlyn's plan is what I returned from the island to stop. 
 Where are you going? 
 Out. 
 [Knock on door] 
 Hi. 
 Can we talk? 
 Thank you. 
 [Door closes] 
 What did you want to talk about? 
 Wow, I thought this was going to be easier to say. 
 But now I'm standing here... 
 Looking at you, and it's-- 
 Just say what you have to say and go, ok? 
 Ever since I've been back, we've been doing this dance. 
 We come together, and then I pull away. 
 Something pulls me away. 
 But I think... finally... that something might be over. 
 What are you trying to say? 
 That...you know me better than anyone. 
 And that you... are more important to me than anyone. 
 I just hope I didn't wait too long to say it. 
 ♪ I'm breaking in, shaping up ♪ 
♪ then checking out on the prison bus ♪ 
 You didn't. 
 You're right on time. 
 ♪ I'm waking up, I feel it in my bones ♪ 
♪ enough to make my system blow ♪ 
♪ welcome to the new age, to the new age ♪ 
♪ welcome to the new age, to the new age ♪ 
♪ whoa oh oh ♪ 
♪ whoa oh oh ♪ 
♪ radioactive, radioactive ♪ 
♪ whoa oh oh ♪ 
♪ whoa oh oh ♪ 
♪ radioactive, radioactive ♪ 
 [Cell phone vibrating] 
 [Buzz] 
 [Buzz] 
 [Buzz] 
 What is it? 
 Felicity found the Markov device. 
 Merlyn's keeping it at a warehouse his company owns in the Glades. 
 Good. Coordinate an attack. 
 You take the device, I'll take Merlyn. 
 Got a location? 
 Yeah. According to Felicity's trojan, Merlyn's logged on to his computer from his office. 
 I'm on my way. 
 The uniform suits you, Yao Fei. 
 Any time you're ready. 
 To the people of China and citizens of the world, I make this statement voluntarily, taking responsibility for the shooting of Ferris Air flight 637 to protest the People's Republic of China's treatment of me; for betraying and abandoning me to the island of Lian Yu. 
 Consider this my righteous delivery of powerful vengeance. 
 Thank you. 
 No! 
 Ba! 
 Ba! 
 Sir. 
 Plane is within range. 
 [Shado sobbing] 
 [Sirens in distance] 
 Very well. 
 I'll be in touch. 
 Can I help you? 
 No... 
 I wasn't talking to you. 
 Malcolm Merlyn... 
 You have failed this city. 
 And how have I done that? 
 The Undertaking. 
 It ends now. 
 [Beep] 
 Oliver, the device... 
 It's gone. 
 Where's the device? 
 Safe. 
 I don't know how you got that trojan onto my system, but it prompted me to take precautions. 
 There is nothing you can do to stop what is about to happen. 
 And you shouldn't. 
 This city needs what is about to happen in order to survive. 
 The people who are destroying it from the inside need to be erased from the map. 
 Fine. 
 Let's start with you. 
 Ironic, isn't it? 
 Last Christmas, I almost killed you. 
 A few months ago, you saved my life. 
 And now you're here trying to kill me. 
 You should make up your mind. 
 Done. 
 [Groaning] 
 [Gasping] 
 Oh, no. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 