Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x13 - Betrayal - Arrow 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x13 - Betrayal https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=172&t=10216 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/08/13 23:32 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x13 - Betrayal 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 My name is Oliver Queen. For five years, I was stranded on an island with only one goal-- survive. 
 Oliver Queen is alive. 
 Oliver : Now I will fulfill my father's dying wish-- to use the list of names he left me and bring down those who are poisoning my city. To do this, I must become someone else. I must become something else. 
 Previously on "Arrow"... 
 Next time your daughter calls the Vigilante, we'll be able to listen to every word. 
 I know you swore to bring this guy down, detective, but using your own daughter as bait, that's stone cold. 
 Where'd you get it? 
 From your stepfather. 
 And where did he get it? 
 Belongs to your mother. 
 [Police radio chatter] 
 [Buzzer] 
 Mmm. 
 Hi, George. 
 Vanch... 
 Surprised to see me? 
 I imagine you would be, seeing as how you botched my trial, and from what Viv here tells me, protecting my interests. 
 There were contingencies that couldn't be anticipated. 
 Yes, Vivian told me. 
 The head of the Triad getting ventilated, Bertinelli getting collared, and, uh, this archer. 
 Exactly. 
 What am I supposed to do in the face of something like that? 
 Absolutely nothing, Georgie. 
 Tell you what. 
 All is forgiven. 
 Give us a hug. 
 Come on. 
 You know, I could use a place to stay while I'm getting my sea legs back under me, George. 
 And you got a nice place here. 
 What do you say? George? 
 George? 
 Ahem. 
 I hope George has been food shopping. 
 I'm famished. 
 [Sirens in distance] 
 So this book contains a list of the names of the guys you've been hunting. 
 And this book, your mother's, has the same list of names. 
 It's identical. 
 So where'd your mother get her copy, Oliver? 
 For that matter, who gave it to you? 
 Felicity Smoak. 
 She said that Walter found it in their bedroom. 
 And now he's missing. 
 She's my mother, Diggle. 
 She's not the kind of person who would-- 
 Have her husband disappeared? 
 Because that's really the question, isn't it, Oliver? 
 I understand why you would believe your mother over your stepfather, but I tend to believe the innocent party is whoever's missing-- and presumed dead. 
 [Bird squawking] 
 [Grunting] 
 Twitch, and I will open your throat. 
 How many more with you? 
 What?! 
 You have ten seconds to tell me something I believe before I cut out your voice box. 
 Wait, wait, wait. 
 Yao Fei sent me here, and I'm pretty sure it wasn't so you could kill me. 
 What? 
 Yao Fei. 
 He gave me directions to your... plane. 
 Frank, you got be kidding me. 
 You can't throw me another assignment now. 
 It's Lieutenant, and I'm pretty sure that's what gives me the authority. 
 I'm drawing in on the Hood investigation. 
 I am going to get this b*st*rd. 
 Have you considered the possibility no one wants you to? 
 What? 
 He saved the Christmas hostages. 
 He took down an arsonist and armored car thieves, and just last week, he busted the Vertigo drug ring when we couldn't. 
 What was urban legend's becoming heroic. 
 If this man's a hero, I don't know what my life in this city as a cop means. 
 Let me suggest you find meaning in following orders. 
 Frank, listen! 
 I'm close. 
 If my lead comes to something more... 
 Come to me with something real, Quentin, and we'll talk. 
 In the meantime, I'm assigning you another case. 
 [Knock on door] 
 Oliver : Hey. 
 Heading out? 
 Oh, yeah, it's a meeting with the financial planners. 
 Are you all right? 
 There was something that I wanted to talk to you about. 
 I want to talk to you about Walter. 
 Right around Christmas, when he...disappeared, he gave me this. 
 This is your father's notebook. 
 He kept a list of all the people in Starling City who owed him favors. 
 I had...no idea there was so many of them. 
 I've just been researching some of those names online, and, um, they're not good people. 
 Oliver, I have no idea what your father was involved in or with whom. 
 And you and your sister both now know that he wasn't exactly honest with me. 
 Then we need to find out-- no. 
 If what you say is true and this list is filled with bad people and Walter was looking into it, and now he-- the only way to keep this family safe is for everyone in it to stop asking questions, including you, Oliver. 
 Promise me. 
 So this is really happening. 
 498 hours of community service to go. 
 499. This orientation doesn't count. 
 Tell me how this is not cruel and unusual punishment. 
 Anastasia, I'd like you to meet our new intern, Thea Queen. 
 Interns get school credit. 
 I'm more like a court-ordered slave. 
 Oh. I can relate. 
 Anastasia is on a one year pro-bono sabbatical from her law firm. 
 And apparently from my six figure salary. 
 The experience of helping others is its own reward. 
 I have yet to see any evidence of that. 
 And speaking a lack of evidence, Cyrus Vanch was released from Iron Heights. 
 We represent a victim's advocacy group who's trying to keep Vanch locked up. 
 I'm calling Kate Spencer. 
 I already did. 
 She said there's nothing the D.A.'s office can do without further evidence. 
 Well, then I'm going to her office. 
 And then she also said not to show up at her office. 
 Vanch is connected to human trafficking, drug running, racketeering, and at least 52 different homicides. 
 Ok, so what's the play? 
 Because unless you have access to some private police force, Vanch will stay free to roam the streets. 
 [Cell phone rings] 
 I have to get this. 
 [Ring] 
 Hello? 
 How does a night with me and a dozen famous chefs sound? 
 Like an episode of "The Bachelor". 
 I'm auditioning potential chefs for the club tomorrow night. 
 I've arranged a tasting, and I could use an extra set of taste buds. 
 I'm trying to figure out how to get a vicious criminal back in jail. I can't. 
 It's perfect. 
 It sounds like hungry work. 
 Tomorrow night? 
 Maybe, if we could do it early. 
 Look, I got to go. 
 There's someone I have to call. 
 I'll see you later. Bye. 
 You don't find that a little convenient, her just so happening to have burned the book? 
 She did it out of concern for my safety, Diggle. 
 Or her own. 
 Oliver, you said it yourself. 
 Whoever compiled that list is involved in something very dangerous. 
 And if your mother is lying to you... 
 And she didn't know any of the names on the list. 
 She said she didn't. 
 You don't have to take her word for it. 
 Oliver, if this were anybody else, you'd be hooded up right now on your way to having an arrow-side chat with them. 
 This isn't anybody else. 
 This is my mother. 
 And I know her. 
 [Cell phone vibrating] 
 What's that? 
 That is the phone that I gave to Lance so that he could contact the Hood. 
 Is he asking to turn yourself in? 
 He gave it to Laurel. Hello? 
 I need your help. 
 That's why you have the phone. 
 Cyrus Vanch was just released from prison on a technicality. 
 Living large in his lawyer's house. 
 Who is now missing. 
 There's no evidence of foul play. 
 But I know he's just Vanch's first victim, and he won't be his last. 
 [Sighs] What about the police? 
 They can't move on him without evidence of new criminal activity. 
 Laurel, obtaining evidence isn't what I do. 
 Vanch is dangerous. 
 Hold on to the phone, I'll call. 
 Laurel needs my help. 
 Oliver, are you running to help her... or away from the truth about your mother? 
 I have work to do. 
 Hey, Detective? 
 I'm busy, Kelton. 
 I'm pretty sure you're going to want to hear this. 
 The bug I put in that phone from the Vigilante just lit up. 
 Your daughter's playing Maid Marion to Robin Hood again. 
 Where you going? 
 Lieutenant Pike's office. 
 If she's meeting with the Hood, there's going to be a task force there when she does. 
 
 Arrow 
Season 1 Episode 13 
 Betrayal 
Original Air Date on February 6, 2013 
 
 [Dog barking in distance] 
 [Arrows whirring] 
 See, we got to look at all this as an opportunity. 
 The Triad and the Bertinelli organization are leaderless. 
 The giant sucking sound you're hearing is the current power vacuum in Starling City, the one that I plan on filling. 
 [Arrows whirring] 
 How are you going to convince the Triad and Bertinelli's crew that they should sign up with you? 
 [Arrow whirring] 
 Well... that's an excellent question. 
 I need to do something. 
 Something spectacular. 
 To get their attention and earn their respect. 
 [Grunting] 
 You know what I learned in prison? 
 If you want to be respected, you find the biggest guy and you put him down permanent. 
 I think I just found the biggest guy. 
 [Laughs] 
 This is going to be fun. 
 I even wore my fat pants. 
 I don't want to know what those are, do I? 
 Nope. 
 [Cell phone rings] 
 [Ring] 
 Ohh. 
 This is work. 
 It'll just be a second, okay? 
 Hello? 
 It's me. I have something. 
 Can you meet? 
 Yeah, where? 
 Rooftop, Winick building. 
 30 minutes. 
 Good work, Kelton. 
 Okay, everybody. 
 Rubber bullets. 
 This is my daughter here. 
 She cannot come to any harm. 
 But outside of that, you do whatever needs doing to bring that archer down. 
 You sure about this? 
 Look, she knows I'd do anything to catch this b*st*rd. 
 And this is the best-- it's the only option I've got. 
 Look, I want to get this guy just as badly as you do. 
 I just don't want to see anything come between you two. 
 I warned her. I said stay away from this lunatic. 
 She didn't. 
 You don't think that turns a knife in my back? 
 I hope she sees it that way. 
 Mmm, put those puppy dog eyes away. 
 Something's come up at work. 
 That can't wait until tomorrow? 
 It'll only be an hour. 
 I can meet you at the club. 
 One hour. 
 An hour and a half. 
 Tops. 
 [Groans] 
 Ricky has been driving me for six years now. 
 I can't remember the last time he missed a day. 
 Thank you for offering to fill in, Mr. Diggle. 
 It's my pleasure, Mrs. Queen. 
 Believe me. 
 Are you sure my son won't miss you? 
 He said he was staying in for the evening. 
 And you believed him? 
 It's been my experience when your son wants some alone time, there's not much I can do to stop him. 
 Hmm. Much to my chagrin. 
 You can stop just up ahead. 
 No need to escort me inside. 
 I'm fine on my own, Mr. Diggle. 
 Of course, Mrs. Queen. 
 [Laughter] 
 [Indistinct chatter] 
 Mr. Diggle. 
 Mrs. Queen. 
 I was just, uh, looking for the restroom. 
 Excuse me, ladies. 
 Happy Birthday. 
 [Voice disguised] 
 Hello, Laurel. 
 Thank you for helping. 
 I couldn't do much. 
 Vanch's position is too heavily fortified. 
 But I did get this. 
 Evidence he's trying to take over the positions vacated by Frank Bertinelli and... and the Triad. 
 What's wrong? 
 We're not alone. 
 What?! 
 SCPD! 
 Get down! Hands where we can see 'em! 
 Dad! 
 Do it now! 
 You so much as leave a bruise on her, and I swear I will drag you down to hell myself. 
 Laurel, I'm sorry. 
 Quentin, don't! 
 I don't know what's worse-- the fact that you lied to me or nearly got me killed! 
 You were completely safe. 
 I was on a rooftop with an army of men pointing their guns in my face! 
 Well, you shouldn't have been on that roof in the first place. 
 No! You wanted me on that roof. 
 Wasn't that the whole point of your little trap? 
 I'm trying to catch a killer. 
 You manipulated me. 
 Manipulated? 
 You practically ran to this guy. 
 I told you, I said stay away from him and you did not. 
 That was before you gave me the phone! 
 What?! 
 That's before you realized that you could use me as bait. 
 Your own daughter. 
 Yeah, but you wouldn't listen to me! 
 You are so blinded by your hate for him that you don't realize the damage that it's doing in your own life. 
 To your family. 
 So what happens when you catch him? 
 What happens then, Dad? 
 You're going to find another criminal; somebody else to blame for mom leaving? 
 For Sara dying, for your drinking? 
 That's enough, Laurel. 
 Yeah, you're damn right, it is. 
 Laurel! 
 The phone. 
 Give me the phone. 
 Laurel could have been hurt, or worse. 
 And I suppose that was Lance's fault. 
 What's your point, Dig? 
 Just that you don't really see straight when it comes to Laurel. 
 Or your mother. 
 This is not the time to bring this up again. 
 Ok. Ok. 
 But there's something I should tell you and it's better I tell you now than later. 
 I'll be driving your mother around for a few days. 
 You're spying on her?! 
 Just doing my due diligence, Oliver. See if she meets with anyone we might be interested in. 
 She's not a suspect. 
 She's my mother. 
 Which is exactly why someone needs to take a close, objective look at her. 
 Oliver, something's going on in this city. You know it. 
 That doesn't mean she's involved. 
 Then there's no harm in me driving her around for a few days, is there? 
 I still can't believe it. 
 He used me as bait! 
 Who? 
 My father. 
 He was trying to catch the Vigilante. 
 He eavesdropped on my phone conversation with him and then lied in wait with his jack boots. 
 This was tonight? 
 Yes. 
 While you were working. 
 This was work. 
 So you met up with the Hood guy? 
 Knowingly? 
 He's contacted me before. 
 He helped me with the Declan case and Joanna's arson investigation. 
 The Declan case was months ago. 
 I know, Tommy, I've been wanting to tell you. 
 Laurel, he's a murderer! 
 God. 
 You sound like my father. 
 Well, I hate to break it to you, but he's right. 
 Are you seriously taking his side? 
 He's been lying to me for weeks! 
 Yeah, it feels like crap, doesn't it? 
 Tommy! 
 A sting operation to catch the notorious Starling City vigilante wreaked havoc last night. 
 Despite the police's failed attempt to apprehend the Vigilante, police have continued to insist that their warnings remain. 
 This archer is to be considered armed and dangerous. 
 Should you find yourself in harm's way, always always, call 9-1-1. 
 Interesting. 
 Using deception and intimidation to make a name for himself. 
 [Laughs] This guy stole my move. 
 [Sighs] 
 I have news. 
 From my friend in the police department. 
 I think I've figured out a way to get the Hood out and into the open. 
 Huh. 
 Astonish me. 
 Remember that attorney? 
 Laurel Lance? 
 Now what's wrong with this picture? 
 You look like you're...working. 
 [Chuckles] I'm going over résumes for the Chef's position at the nightclub. 
 This guy looks pretty good. 
 He won "Top Chef" Season Six. 
 At this point, it is basically a culinary prerequisite to be on that show. 
 Ohh. 
 
 
 
 Can I talk to you about something? 
 Tommy... 
 Every time you want to talk to me about something and that something is Laurel, you look like you're about to tell me you have a terminal disease. 
 She's been working with the Hood guy. 
 What? 
 You're letting her work with that crazy person? 
 She could get hurt, Tommy. 
 I'm not "letting" her do anything, okay? 
 I only just found out about it because she accidentally slipped up on one of her many lies. 
 She's lying to you? 
 That doesn't sound like Laurel. 
 Lying, keeping secrets about who she's spending time with-- does that remind you of anybody we know? 
 Me, in every relationship that I've been in. 
 Me, too. 
 Except this one. 
 [Sighs] 
 There's some sort of infatuation thing going on here. 
 I... 
 We both know that she has a pretty strong track record of being attracted to guys who are dangerous, who break the rules. 
 Show me a more dangerous rule breaker than the Hood. 
 I just think you need to have an honest chat with her. 
 Find out the real reason she's keeping secrets. 
 I just can't believe that Laurel, of all people, would lie to my face. 
 I guess that's the way that it is with the people that you're closest to. 
 I know. 
 But talk to her anyway, and fix this. 
 Before it becomes something that's unfixable. 
 Shéngcun. 
 It's Chinese. 
 It means sur-- 
 Survive. 
 What do you think he meant, besides not getting killed? 
 There's an airfield 10 clicks from here. 
 It's key off this island. 
 Yao Fei and I had been observing it for months, familiarizing ourselves with their operations. 
 We were supposed to get off this island together. 
 But then Yao Fei was compromised, and we were separated. 
 What's this for? 
 I think Yao Fei sent you because he knows I cannot take the airstrip alone. 
 Sounds like Yao Fei. 
 He is a softer judge of character than I am. 
 If you're going to have my back, I need to know you can cover it. 
 [Grunting] 
 What are you doing? 
 Fight back. 
 Keep your blade up. 
 Always stay behind your sword. 
 [Grunting] 
 You have no skill. 
 No strength. 
 No training. 
 To say you fight like a girl would be a compliment. 
 I told you-- 
 I'm not a soldier. 
 I was shipwrecked here. 
 I killed the guy that was wearing this uniform by accident. 
 Where was Yao Fei? 
 He told me to run. 
 And I did. 
 Tommy, on voicemail : Hey, it's Tommy, hit me on the beep. 
 [Beep] 
 Hey, it's me again. 
 Please call me back. 
 [Sighs] I think we should talk. 
 [Door bell buzzes] 
 I was just leaving you a message. 
 [All grunting and groaning] 
 I love a girl who can take care of herself. 
 [Grunts] 
 [Groans] 
 But can't block a taser. 
 Oh, no need to get out of the car, Mr. Diggle. 
 It's just my accountant. 
 The only threat is boredom. 
 Well, it's no problem at all, Mrs. Queen. 
 It's my job. 
 Yes. Well, then, take the night off. 
 I'm quite all right. 
 [Elevator dings] 
 [Faint indistinct chatter] 
 Moira : It's taken care of. 
 I've taken care of it. 
 Carl Ballard will not be a problem anymore. 
 Given your propensity for squeamishness, I'm assuming that Mr. Ballard remains in good health. 
 I made it clear to him persuasively that his plans endangered the undertaking. 
 I didn't have to make the usual threats. 
 Excellent. 
 Now, one more matter to attend to. 
 I need you to have to contents of this address removed and disposed of thoroughly. 
 The warehouse where you're storing the remains of "the Queen's Gambit". 
 I already told you, I knew Robert's yacht was sabotaged. 
 And I don't think it serves for anyone to find evidence of that. 
 Do you? 
 What the hell are you doing? 
 Nothin'. Just hangin'. 
 I work for Mrs. Queen. 
 And I work security for the man she's meeting with. 
 I guess that means we're on the same team. 
 I don't think so. 
 And I'm going to need to see what you put in your pocket just then. 
 What are you, man, the police? 
 Show it to me. 
 Do it now. 
 Right. 
 Just thought I could come in here and ruin my lungs a little bit. 
 I know, it's a filthy habit. 
 Laurel, it's me. 
 Can we talk? 
 Laurel? 
 Laurel? 
 Vanch : Make sure this message finds its way to the Vigilante. 
 Do it fast, because at sunrise, I'm going to leave pieces of this girl all over Starling City unless he pays me a little visit. 
 You know, gives us a chance to get to know each other better. 
 What do we do? 
 Can your CSIs, I don't know, can they track this or trace it or something? 
 How did he know about Laurel? 
 What? 
 How does this guy know Laurel is connected to the Hood? 
 I have no idea. 
 I only found out about it myself last night. 
 She--she said you knew. 
 Well, just me and... 
 Mr. Lance, this maniac has got Laurel! 
 You got to call in posse or something, I don't know, SWAT teams. 
 I can't. 
 Detective Lance... 
 I got to go make a call. 
 [Footsteps on stairs] 
 Thanks for coming. 
 It didn't seem like a good idea to talk about this at your house. 
 Yeah, it would have been a little awkward for you to explain to my mother that you're spying on her. 
 No, man. 
 Awkward part's coming up. 
 You bugged my mother? 
 Just listen. 
 [Beep] 
 Moira : It's taken care of. 
 I've taken care of it. 
 Carl Ballard will not be a problem anymore. 
 [Distorted] Given your propensity for squeamishness, I'm assuming that Mr. Ballard remains in good health. 
 I made it clear to him persuasively that his plans endangered the undertaking. 
 I didn't have to make the usual threats. 
 Excellent. 
 Now, one more matter to attend to. 
 I need you to have to contents of this address removed and disposed of thoroughly. 
 The warehouse where you're storing the remains of "the Queen's Gambit". 
 I already told you, I knew Robert's yacht was sabotaged. 
 [Beep] 
 I'm sorry, man. 
 The yacht was sabotaged. 
 Somebody tried to kill my father. 
 And your mother was involved somehow. 
 You do not know that she was involved, Diggle! 
 What I do know Oliver, and so do you, is that she kept this a secret. 
 Why would she do that if she didn't have something to hide? 
 [Cell phone vibrates] 
 Is that...? 
 Yeah! 
 You have three seconds before I have this line permanently disconnected. 
 It's Laurel. 
 She's been kidnapped. 
 Listen, whoever this is, he's going to kill my daughter. 
 Please believe me. 
 Sorry. 
 It's nothing personal. 
 The airfield was a very heavily fortified position. 
 I've been there. 
 And I cannot take it on my own. 
 So--so what?! 
 Huh? You're just going to kill me? 
 Like I said... 
 It's nothing personal. 
 But if you're alive, they will find you. 
 And if they find you, they will torture you until you give up my location, and I cannot allow for that to happen. 
 Hey, don't leave! No, please don't do this, all right?! 
 I'm not going to say anything to that-- 
 [grunting] 
 Don't make it more difficult upon yourself. 
 I can do this in a way that you will not feel it at all. 
 [Grunting, snap] 
 [Groaning] 
 Ahhh! 
 [Laughs] 
 Slade Wilson. 
 Oliver Queen. 
 Well, Oliver Queen... 
 There might be a fighter inside of you after all. 
 [Thunder] 
 Detective. 
 If this is another trick, you will not like the consequences. 
 [Sighs] I'm not particularly happy right now. 
 I hate you. 
 I hate everything you stand for. 
 But this lunatic has my little girl. 
 He left this behind as some kind of ransom note. 
 His name is Cyrus Vanch. 
 Jeez... 
 He'll kill her if he doesn't get to you. 
 He'll kill her anyway. 
 So why come to me? 
 It's a pretty tight circle that knows about you and my daughter working together. 
 If Vanch knows, it's because someone at the precinct talked. 
 There isn't anybody else I could trust. 
 Vanch is holed up in a mansion. 
 It's a heavily fortified position. 
 I was there. I can't take it by myself. 
 I need your help. 
 Then I need yours. 
 Time's running out. 
 And still no visit from your friend. 
 I might have overestimated his fondness for you. 
 [Gasping] 
 [Chuckles] 
 Assault with intent. 
 And kidnapping. 
 You're going to rot in prison for life this time. 
 [Chuckles] 
 That's assuming your hooded BFF saves you. 
 And his chances of survival are not so great. 
 He's going up against trained men with their fingers on the trigger of guns that fire up to 600 rounds per minute. 
 Now, I'm no Einstein, but that is a lot of bullets. 
 [Arrows whirring] 
 [Grunting] 
 And even if he were to take them out, I have two sharpshooters on the roof. 
 And even if he were to get by them, what's he going to do against the veritable army of sons of bitches I've got waiting for him? 
 Now, as I said, I'm no Einstein. 
 But I can count to 24. 
 And in case you're wondering-- 
 I was so I studied up on my news footage-- 
 24 is the exact number of arrows he carries in his quiver and flechettes around his forearm. 
 [Cocking gun] 
 [Chuckles] 
 Lose the bow, Merida. 
 Ventilate him. 
 My daughter! 
 My little girl! 
 I'm the Vigilante. 
 You're the cop. 
 That doesn't mean I have to read the b*st*rd his rights, though. 
 Laurel, are you ok? 
 Yeah. [Gasping] 
 I'm ok. 
 All right, you're good to go. 
 I'll, uh, I'll take you home now. 
 I can take a cab. 
 Laurel, you had a trauma. 
 I'll drive you home. 
 No. 
 What? 
 I'm going to need you to keep your distance for a while. 
 Laurel... 
 Dad, I love you. 
 I'll always love you. 
 But what I can't do right now is trust you. 
 I was just doing my job. 
 I thought you'd understand at least that. 
 That part I do understand. 
 But lying to me, using me... 
 It's going to take longer. 
 Are you all right? 
 What would you think if I said I didn't know? 
 That you were being honest. 
 My father has the phone now. 
 And I don't think he'll be giving it back any time soon. 
 Maybe that's good. 
 I didn't see how it would put you in danger. 
 I'm a big girl. 
 I knew the risks. 
 Now I know them. 
 And I'm not willing to take them with you. 
 What does that mean? 
 It means good-bye. 
 Laurel! 
 Laurel. 
 Oh, my God, Laurel. 
 Laurel, tell me you are okay, please. 
 No, no, I'm fine, I'm fine. 
 I'm so sorry. 
 No, no, it doesn't matter, just as long as you're okay. 
 You know, this does not change anything between you and I. 
 It takes two men to take the air field. 
 And if you compromise my getting off this island, I will kill you. 
 You've had your second chance. 
 You need me just as much as I need you. 
 [Chuckles] 
 So what's our next step? 
 Turning you into something that won't get us both killed. 
 Choose a weapon. 
 We're starting now? 
 That's mine. 
 You are the lunatic who tortured me?! 
 No, that was another guy. 
 Bull! 
 This mask, it's my operational equivalent to a balaclava. 
 My partner and I wore them to keep our identities classified during our missions. 
 You're lying. 
 Fyers told me this nutcase is a prisoner on the island. 
 He lied to you. 
 My partner and I came here to free Yao Fei and get him off this island. 
 We're A.S.I.S. 
 Australian intelligence. 
 Now. 
 You are going to find your silver weapon. 
 Have you considered a sword? 
 I like swords. 
 Moira : I made it clear to him persuasively that his plans endangered the undertaking. 
 I didn't have to make the usual threats. 
 [Beep] 
 [Sighs] 
 I've listened to this 15 times. 
 It's definitely her voice, Diggle. I just... 
 I can't believe it's her. 
 We all have blind spots when it comes to family. 
 Yeah. Laurel's almost got her killed tonight. 
 Vanch never would have known about her connection to me if Lance hadn't have lied to her. 
 I guess the lesson here is blind trust can be dangerous. 
 [Beep] 
 Moira : I made it clear to him persuasively that his plans endangered the undertaking. 
 I didn't have to make the usual threats. 
 [Beep] 
 What's the undertaking? 
 I don't know. 
 But with all this talk about threats, it can't be good. 
 You warned me that if she was lying would be to cover up her involvement in something dangerous. 
 I need to know what The Undertaking is. 
 What are you going to do? 
 I need to have another chat with my mom. 
 I'll need the Unidac merger finalized by the end of the week. 
 We're on something of a clock here. 
 Moira Queen, you have failed this city. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 