Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x10 - Burned - Arrow 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x10 - Burned https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=172&t=10213 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/19/13 10:44 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x10 - Burned 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 My name is Oliver Queen. For five years, I was stranded on an island with only one goal-- survive. 
 Oliver Queen is alive. 
 Oliver : Now I will fulfill my father's dying wish-- to use the list of names he left me and bring down those who are poisoning my city. To do this, I must become someone else. I must become something else. 
 Previously on "Arrow"... 
 It's done. 
 And he won't be harmed? 
 Nor will he ever discover your involvement. 
 You have my word. 
 You know Digs, when I confront somebody on the list, I tell them they failed the city. 
 But tonight... 
 Tonight it was me who failed. 
 [Sirens] 
 Get that hose over to the north face or we're liable to lose the whole block! 
 Danny! 
 Yes, Keith? 
 Getting a little smokey out here, buddy. 
 Just clearing the upper level. 
 Hey you, over here. 
 I can use some help. 
 I got a hot spot. 
 Hey! What--oh! 
 Ohh! What-- 
 [screaming] 
 [Screaming continues] 
 [Grunting] 
 How you doin'? 
 Rehab going good? 
 Any news on Walter? 
 My contact at the Bureau struck out. 
 Same with my guy at Interpol. 
 They're both saying the same thing. 
 Either my stepfather doesn't want to be found or someone doesn't want him to be found. 
 It's been six weeks, Oliver. 
 No contact from the kidnappers, no ransom demand, no proof of life. 
 I hate to sound-- 
 Dig... 
 We both know he's more than likely dead. 
 What do you want to do? 
 I don't know. 
 Even my contacts in the Bratva can't dig up a lead. 
 I wasn't talking about Walter. 
 Back at fighting weight, looks like. 
 And last I checked, there were more than a few names to cross off in this book. 
 Those people aren't going anywhere. 
 With Walter missing, my family needs me right now. 
 [Indistinct] 
 Tell them to bring the plane. 
 My people will be here shortly. 
 Do you not think it convenient you captured me so easily? 
 Go! 
 What? 
 Run! 
 [All grunting] 
 
 Arrow 
Season 1 Episode 10 
 Burned8 
Original Air Date on January 16, 2013 
 
 And, Judge Hinkle is ready to grant them another continuance! 
 So I said, hell, no. 
 This trial starts right now. 
 That a girl. 
 Thanks. 
 Dad. 
 What brings you by? 
 I need to talk to jo. 
 Is everything ok, Mr. Lance? 
 No. 
 What's happening? 
 No. 
 Her brother Danny. 
 He was killed on duty last night. 
 Jo, I'm so sorry. 
 No. 
 No, no! 
 I'm sorry. 
 No! 
 Jo, it's okay! 
 No! 
 [Sobbing] 
 Shh. 
 Mom? 
 Hey. 
 Hey. 
 I stopped by the Big Belly Burger. 
 I thought maybe you, me and Thea, have some take-out, watch a DVD. 
 Thank you, sweetheart. 
 I'm not very hungry. 
 If you change your mind... 
 I've seen the movie before. 
 Cut me some slack. 
 I've been gone for a while and apparently I missed the cinematic genius that is Zac Galafinak...is? 
 I mean, with mom, when you and dad disappeared, she spent more and more time at home. 
 Eventually stopped going out altogether. 
 What snapped her out of it that time? 
 Walter. 
 One morning, he showed up and, you know, when he gets all British and stern-like. 
 "Moira, get dressed. 
 We're going out for lunch." 
 And, I mean, it worked. 
 Hmm. 
 You know, I've been thinking. 
 Maybe Walter wasn't abducted. 
 Maybe he's having some mid-life crisis and he's with some stewardess in Bora Bora, and he's too ashamed to call home and say that he's okay. 
 Just because we haven't heard from him doesn't mean he's... he's gone, right? 
 Right. 
 So what strikes me is that this Vigilante was actually making a difference. 
 In the four months that he was active, assaults were down, muggings down. 
 The murder rate dropped by 16%. 
 So in a very quantifiable way, this man in the hood had been a positive force in this city. 
 So where has he been for the past six weeks? 
 Looks like everyone's disappearing. 
 Hey. 
 [Clears throat] 
 What's this? 
 It's--it's nothing? 
 It's nothing? 
 [Inhales] 
 "Reasons I deserve a drawer"-- 
 Okay, we're going to table this for a less tragedy-filled day. 
 Yeah, and besides, I don't think we're there yet. 
 [Knock on door] 
 I should probably get that. 
 All right. 
 I need your help. 
 Jo, come in. 
 I, um... 
 I don't think what happened to Danny was an accident. 
 I think he might have been murdered. 
 Jo, do you remember when Sara died? 
 I did all this research to try to find an explanation for why the boat went down. 
 I needed to believe that it wasn't just an accident. 
 That is not what I am doing, Laurel. 
 I once handled a case for a clerk in the Coronor's Office. 
 He passed me a copy of the incident report. 
 Said that Danny's turnout coat was doused in turpentine. 
 But I checked, and the plant owner said that there wasn't any in the factory. 
 A turnout's supposed to withstand temperatures in excess of 500 degrees. 
 But the coroner said that the fire did not exceed 250. 
 How did my brother burn hotter than the fire that supposedly killed him? 
 Laurel, a fireman died fighting a fire. 
 I'm not sure I see the crime. 
 I did some digging. 
 Last week, another firefighter, Leo Barnes, was killed in action, same circumstances. 
 Traces of turpentine, and ignition temperatures hotter than the actual fire. 
 Do you think that you could talk to the fire marshal? 
 You know, encourage him to pursue this? 
 Well, the fire department has its own investigative unit. 
 They don't answer to the police. 
 Sorry it takes so long with the detectives. 
 CSU's been really backed up. 
 Well, did you find anything? 
 The only prints on it are yours, the tech inside is military grade. 
 I can't even trace the manufacturer. 
 Forensics-wise, it's a dead end. 
 Another case? 
 Vigilante. 
 The phone belongs to him. 
 Where'd you get it? 
 I--does he answer? 
 Well, like Kelton said, it's a dead end. 
 Listen, kiddo, I feel for Jo and her family I really do, but, um, there's a lot I can do this end. 
 I got to go. I love you. 
 Hey. Let's go. 
 [Cell phone buzzing] 
 [Buzz] 
 [Buzz] 
 Laurel : Hello? 
 I need your help. 
 [Electricity flickering] 
 I didn't trust that you'd come. 
 No one's seen you for a while. 
 Where have you been? 
 [Voice disguised] 
 You said it was important. 
 My best friend's brother. 
 He died two days ago fighting a fire. 
 The police and fire department say that he died in the line of duty. 
 But my friend, she thinks he was murdered. 
 So you're asking one killer to find another. 
 I heard what you said to your father about me; that I'm a killer. 
 That I have no remorse. 
 Do you? 
 Take a look at the file. 
 If Danny de La Vega was murdered, then we have to bring his killer to justice. 
 I'll look into it. 
 [Grunting] 
 You need to rotate your hips, Diggle. 
 That's where the power comes from. 
 It's not just your arms, even if they're the size of bowling balls. 
 Laurel reached out to the Hood last night. 
 Really? Thought the Vigilante spooked her pretty well last time. 
 She thinks somebody's killing firemen. 
 It looks all in the job. 
 Seems pretty thin. 
 Will you look into it? 
 Yeah. 
 I have a friend who has a friend in the fire investigations department. 
 I'll reach out. 
 If you get any leads, tip the police. 
 The police? 
 They just need something to jump start them. 
 Well, isn't the whole idea of being a vigilante, is that you do the police's job? 
 You know, Oliver, you've been spending a lot of time around here lately. 
 I thought after six weeks, you'd be anxious to hood up. 
 Hell, I even prepared the "you got to slow down" speech. 
 [Man yelling in distance] 
 Let me see what's going on upstairs in the club. 
 You know, I do realize that it's difficult for you to manage my nightclub, what with there not being an actual nightclub here. 
 Yeah, I just took the liberty of yelling at our contractor. 
 I told him if we didn't see any real progress, we were going to bring someone else in to finish the job. 
 Good. 
 How's Laurel's friend? 
 The one whose brother was a fireman? 
 She is hanging in there, thanks. 
 I have something I wanted to bring up. 
 I was thinking that we could throw a fundraiser for the fire department. 
 Raise some money for the families. 
 That's a great idea. 
 We could do it here. 
 We could keep the overhead low, make sure we maximize the proceeds to the firemen. 
 Who are you? 
 Where's my friend Tommy Merlin? 
 The guy who once rented out a pro football stadium so that he could play strip kickball with models. 
 That guy needed a swift kick in his lazy ass. 
 Laurel : Jo... 
 You really should take some time off and go be with your family. 
 You know, I seem to recall when Sara died, you hit the books pretty hard. 
 I am not exactly the best example for healthy grieving. 
 Hey. Can I talk to you, please? 
 Where is it? 
 Where's what? 
 The phone. 
 I'm sorry. 
 I know I shouldn't have. 
 It's stolen evidence! 
 Yeah, you probably shouldn't have. 
 What are you-- 
 I had to do something. 
 [Exhales] 
 That man's a killer. 
 Then why did he give you his phone? 
 Give me the phone. 
 He took it back. 
 You were with him? 
 When Sara died, if someone could have done something to give you even just a little bit of closure, don't you wish that they would have done it? 
 If it meant breaking the law, lying to the people closest to them...No. 
 Surely there are contingencies for these types of situations. 
 Bring someone over from our London office, perhaps. 
 It's not solely a matter of the day to day operations. 
 We have accountants and the vice presidents to do that. 
 It's about perception. 
 Public confidence. 
 Ned, the company will be fine. 
 I don't mean to be indelicate, but this is the second time in five years that the CEO of Queen Consolidated has vanished under mysterious circumstances . 
 I don't need you to remind me of that. 
 [Sighs] 
 The last thing I want to do is upset you. 
 Well, then you should consider this visit doubly disappointing. 
 Good day. 
 [Sighs] 
 Who was that? 
 Ned Foster. 
 The C.O.O. of the company. 
 He wants mom to take Walter's place. 
 He says that the company's stock price has been damaged by Walter's absence, and my stepping in would help settle the board. 
 But I told him that I needed to be at home, for my family. 
 Mom... 
 Thea and I are fine. 
 We can manage here without you. 
 This sounds like something everyone needs you to do. 
 Well, maybe I don't care what everyone needs. 
 She's going to be all right, Thea. 
 Mr. Queen, we're going to have to get going if you want to make your dentist appointment. 
 Now, sir. 
 Eyewitnesses place a '72 Ford pick up at the scene of Danny de La Vega's fire. 
 Okay. 
 Stagg Chemical lit up ten minutes ago. 
 I hacked into Stagg's video security feeds. 
 Parked right on the street running along the plant. 
 Same pick up. 
 I got your gear in the car. 
 Oliver, by the time I get someone on the phone who will even listen to me, at least one of those fireman are going to be dead. 
 They need the man in the hood. 
 [Twigs breaking] 
 [Beep] 
 I have contact. 
 Two clicks southwest. 
 [Sirens] 
 Portable one to Deputy Chief Seven. 
 All clear of civilians. 
 Copy that. Bail out and wait for second-in companies. 
 Who are you?! 
 [Screaming] 
 [Gasping] 
 [Both grunting] 
 
 
 
 [Cell phone rings] 
 [Ring] 
 [Ring] 
 Hello? 
 [Voice disguised] 
 I have some information for you. 
 The killer drives a 1970s Ford pick up. 
 There is a scar on his left wrist from a severe burn and a tattoo of a firefly. 
 Well, then you must have gotten pretty close to him. 
 All the men in Engine Company 15 had firefly tattoos. 
 Any one of them could be the killer. 
 What should I do with this information? 
 Whatever you would have done before you met me. 
 Who was on the phone? 
 Wrong number. 
 So Laurel's on her own against a murderer who burns people alive? 
 I can't right every wrong in this city. 
 No, I get that, Oliver. 
 But maybe you're not back to 100% like you thought. 
 Maybe I'm not. 
 [Both grunting] 
 What did that prove? 
 This is one sturdy desk. 
 And clearly, your problem isn't physical. 
 I never said I had a problem! 
 You didn't have to, Oliver. 
 But this guy, the other archer, he got in your head, he took something from you. 
 That's enough. 
 He took whatever's in your heart that lets you jump off buildings and take down bad guys. 
 Thank you for the analysis. 
 You can avoid Laurel, Oliver, avoid me, avoid this, as long as you want. 
 But until you're ready to take a hold of the fear that's in you, you might as well let that archer kill you. 
 Text from Tommy. 
 I need to run an errand for the benefit at the firemen's station. 
 Maybe while you're at it, you can let me know if you still want to be a vigilante or just a nightclub owner. 
 Hey. 
 What are you doing here? 
 I told Joanne I'd clean out Danny's locker. 
 And you? 
 Tommy sent me over to make sure the guest list for the firemen's gala was accurate. 
 Tommy's been working very hard on that. 
 It's very generous of you, Oliver. 
 It's truly not. 
 [Laughs] Speaking of Tommy, he told me that you're being very protective of your drawers. 
 This is not a fancy term for your underwear. 
 Are you and I seriously having this discussion? 
 Well, we're friends. 
 Yes. 
 Tommy asked for a drawer. 
 And this is bad? 
 No. 
 It's just... 
 I'm an all or nothing type of girl. 
 First it's a drawer, then it's a closet, half my rent, it's half my life. 
 Am I really ready to do that with Tommy? 
 You could take it slow. 
 I don't things slow, remember? 
 I close my eyes and I jump, just like you. 
 I think that's why we spooked each other. 
 Our feelings... our fears, they control us, it's not the other way around. 
 You know? 
 Yeah. 
 I have to get inside. 
 There are eight firemen in this picture. 
 I did some research. 
 You called yourselves the fireflies. 
 Yeah, well, that station house was shut down a few years back. 
 All the guys went to different companies, so... 
 Four of these men are now dead. 
 [Sighs] It's not all getting cats out of trees, Ms. Lance. 
 But three of them died within the last six weeks, except for that man right there. 
 Garfield Lynns. 
 He died two years ago in the Nodell Tower tragedy. 
 Did you forget something, Mr. Queen? 
 Just wanted to see if my friend there needed some help. 
 What was the Nodell Tower? 
 How do you not remember that? 
 I was WiFi-free for a few years. 
 It was 22 stories of glass and steel. 
 Except it turned out that the construction company who built it used substandard materials to save themselves a few bucks. 
 It was nowhere near the structural code. 
 Gas line blew. 
 There was a fire. 
 Yeah. Melted right through the stanchions. 
 Whole damn thing came down. 
 Bad day. 
 34 civilians and six of my fellow firemen died. 
 Do you need anything else, Ms. Lance? 
 Other than reminding me of all the friends I've lost and buried? 
 Hey! 
 What was that all about? 
 It was nothing, Oliver. 
 I have to go. 
 [Cell phone buzzing] 
 [Line ringing] 
 Hello? 
 Are you there? 
 I spoke to Danny's old chief. 
 I didn't get anywhere. 
 What am I supposed to do now? 
 Oliver, voice disguised : Nothing. It's my turn. 
 [Gasping] 
 We have so many of these old photos. 
 I really should have them scanned in. 
 Well, that's an incredibly ambitious plan. 
 Which will have to wait. 
 Why? 
 Because we're going to go out. 
 To dinner or to a movie or shopping. Anything to get you out of the house. 
 Ohh. No, Thea. 
 I'm just too tired. 
 Really, that's... 
 Pretty amazing, considering you've been in bed all day. 
 Please don't presume to think that you know what I'm going through. 
 I do know. 
 I lost dad, too. 
 I'm worried about Walter, too. 
 But I don't get to worry about him, because I'm busy worrying about you. 
 I never asked you to do that. 
 Right. 
 'Cause you don't ask me to do anything anymore. 
 You don't ask me to do my homework or to be home at a decent hour. 
 I mean, you basically stopped being my parent. 
 Well, how's this-- don't talk to your mother like that. 
 Maybe you should start acting like my mother. 
 So I don't have to act like yours. 
 [Dog barking in distance] 
 I thought you were done helping Laurel. 
 The first firefly to die, his name was Garfield Lynns. 
 Well, being dead kind of rules him out as a murder suspect, right? 
 [Chuckles] 
 Oliver... 
 [Sighs] 
 I'm sorry I came at you so hard, man. 
 But I've been there. 
 I know what it's like to stare death in the face and...be the one who blinks. 
 That's not it. 
 I've...[Exhales] 
 I've been close to death. 
 On the island... 
 More times than I can remember, and I never feared it. 
 'Cause I had nothing to lose. 
 But when that archer almost killed me; when I... stared death in the face then, I thought about all the people that I've let into my life since I've been back. 
 My family, Laurel, Tommy. 
 And that made me afraid. 
 Afraid of what would happen to those people if they lost me--again. 
 And for the first time in so long, I had something to lose. 
 Well, you got it backwards, Oliver. 
 You think the people you let in are taking your edge. 
 I think it gives you one. 
 Maybe a stronger one. 
 You can stare down death with something to live for or not. 
 Something to live for... is better. 
 All the men in the unit had an alibi for Danny's murder. 
 The guy that I fought had a firefly tattoo and his arm was severely burned. 
 Okay. I don't see where you're going with this. 
 The Nodell Tower fire. 
 Some of the bodies were so badly burned, they couldn't even be IDed off dental records. 
 What if Garfield Lynns didn't die, but was just presumed dead? 
 [Dance music playing, indistinct chatter] 
 You know, ironically, if we get any more people in here, we're going to violate the fire code. 
 [Laughs] 
 We're good on drawer-gate, right? 
 All good. 
 Excuse me. 
 Can I borrow Laurel for a second? 
 Absolutely. 
 Chief Raynes. 
 Hi. Mr. Queen, this is spectacular. 
 Ahh. 
 The Starling City Firemen's Relief Association can't thank you enough. 
 You guys are the real heroes. 
 Like at the Nodell Tower fire, which I've been reading up on. 
 Oh, yeah? 
 Garfield Lynns was the first man to die in your unit. 
 Now, I read that they recovered his coat in the wreckage, but they never found his body? 
 You always interrogate your club's guests, Mr. Queen? 
 Why? 
 Do you feel like you're being interrogated? 
 You could see it on your face at the fire station. 
 There's more to the Nodell Tower fire than people know about, isn't there? 
 I've been doing this a long time and I've never seen a fire like that. 
 It's like some monster out of a science fiction movie. 
 I radioed for my men to get the hell out of there. 
 But Lynns, he wouldn't go. 
 Begged me to send the unit back in. 
 But I wouldn't do it. 
 I couldn't. 
 God help me, I left him to burn. 
 But I can't bring him back. 
 You don't have to. 
 He is back. 
 What the hell you talkin' about? 
 Garfield Lynns killed Danny. 
 And the other men on your unit. 
 There's no way he could have survived that fire. 
 You'd be surprised the power revenge can give you. 
 Thank you so much. 
 The people in the city appreciate everything you-- 
 You're insane. Gar did not make it out of that building. 
 Just like you won't make it out of this one. 
 [All screaming] 
 [all screaming] 
 Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go! 
 Go, go, go, go! 
 This way! 
 Gar, what the hell are you doing? 
 Run. 
 Go! 
 Laurel?! 
 [All screaming] 
 Laurel? Laurel! 
 Where's Oliver? 
 He's still inside! 
 We can't leave him. 
 Tommy! 
 You know how long it takes for your skin to melt? 
 I do. 
 From experience. 
 I told you to get out of there! 
 And I told you that we could save the building. 
 But you got scared. 
 You lost your nerve. 
 You...left me in there to die. 
 How did you get out? 
 I was pulled from the wreckage. 
 Listed as a John Doe in the burn unit, in a coma for months. 
 When I woke up and saw what was left of who I was... 
 I only had one thought. 
 To leave you as alone as you left me. 
 Now it's your turn. 
 Oliver : Go! 
 It's over. 
 I'm not afraid to die. 
 I know. 
 You're afraid to live. 
 Let me get you out of here. 
 Lynns. 
 Let me get you out. 
 Thanks. 
 But I'm already burned. 
 Eyewitnesses contend that numerous lives would have been lost if not for the timely intervention of the Vigilante. 
 But these were not the actions of a vigilante. 
 What's been described are the actions of a hero. 
 What's got you all smiley? 
 Your new club's a briquette. 
 It was under construction before. 
 Now it's more under construction. 
 Good morning. 
 Sharp suit, Mom! 
 Not used to seeing you without your bedroom wrapped around you. 
 Well, I could hardly go to the office in my pajamas. 
 I'm taking Walter's position at the office. 
 What changed your mind? 
 Not what. Who. 
 My daughter. 
 My family. 
 And I promise you, Walter will get back to us. 
 I will keep looking for him and I will find him. 
 And I'll see you for dinner. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 What? 
 Just feeling the whiplash. 
 She went from shut-in to chairman pretty fast. 
 Sounds like you got through to her. 
 Yeah, I guess. 
 It'll just be for a few months. 
 My mom, she's taking it so hard. 
 Whatever you have to do to take care of your family. 
 Before I forget... 
 My brother's badge. 
 My mom was hoping maybe you could find a way to get it to, you know...him. 
 As a thank you. 
 I don't care what anyone has to say. 
 He really is a guardian angel. 
 I'll find a way to get it to him. 
 I'm going to miss you. 
 Yeah. 
 Hey. 
 Hey. 
 You look after yourself, all right? 
 I will. 
 Good. 
 So Joanna's taking a leave of absence, huh? 
 She has to go be with her family. 
 Yeah, well, family's important. 
 I already apologized. 
 It's my turn. 
 After what happened last night, maybe it's a good thing you got the Hood involved. 
 He didn't take the phone off you, did he? 
 [Sighs] 
 [Chuckles] 
 Maybe you should hold on to this. 
 I mean, I may not like the guy's methods, but whoever this guy is, he's got a habit of putting himself between danger and you. 
 And that's not something I can argue with. 
 Besides, I shouldn't have this thing anyway. 
 Kelton. We good? 
 I got a strong signal from the crystal vhf transmitter you hid in the speaker, and it can't be backtraced. 
 Talk to me like I'm a third grader, please. 
 Next time your daughter calls the Vigilante, we'll be able to listen to every word. 
 I know you swore to bring this guy down, Detective, but using your own daughter as bait, that's stone cold. 
 Good thing the fire didn't spread to down here. 
 It's one of the benefits of concrete and steel construction. 
 [Exhales] 
 Thank you. 
 What for? 
 You know what for! 
 So what's next? 
 More training? 
 No. 
 We go hunting. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 