Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x09 - Chasing Ghosts - NCIS: New Orleans 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x09 - Chasing Ghosts https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=35&t=14481 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 11/25/14 23:41 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x09 - Chasing Ghosts 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 (marching band playing) 
 (tires squealing) 
 (sirens wailing) 
 (tires screeching) 
 Stop! Police! 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Ah! 
 Don't move! 
 Hey! Sir, do not move! 
 Come off the ladder. Freeze. 
 NOPD! Come towards me! 
 Okay, okay, I... (yells) 
 (people screaming, chattering) 
 ♪ NCIS:New Orleans 1x09 ♪ 
Chasing Ghosts 
Original Air Date on November 25, 2014 
 ♪ Boom, boom, boom, boom ♪ 
♪ Bang, bang, bang, bang ♪ 
♪ Boom, boom, boom, boom ♪ 
♪ How, how, how, how ♪ 
♪ Hey, hey ♪ 
♪ You gotta come on. ♪ 
 So, you heading up north to spend Thanksgiving with your folks? 
 Ah, I think I'm opting out of the Stepford family dinner this year. 
 Parental gin and tonics at 11:00, followed by ritualistic screaming and yelling at 11:30, and tearful apologies by halftime. 
 I think I'm just gonna stay put and whip up a batch of my chards for the potluck. 
 Chards-- as in greens? 
 Yeah. 
 Brody clan serves them as an appetizer. 
 Well, down here they're part of the main course. 
 Thank you. 
 And I'm the greens guy. 
 You sound intimidated. 
 Worried about a little competition? 
 (chuckles) King, tell her about my collards. 
 Talk of the town. 
 Well, if they're so special, why don't you put a little green on your greens? 
 Oh, like a greens-off? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Oh, it's on like Donkey Kong. 
 (laughs) So what's the number for dinner this year, six? 
 No, seven. 
 Laurel called. 
 She's bringing home some boy named Orion. 
 Orion like the constellation? Or Metallica song? 
 Poor Laurel. Hope to God she doesn't really like this one. 
 Work. 
 Fill them in on our burglar. 
 We have multiple injuries due to the height of the fall, but the cause of death is likely cervical fractures. 
 Got two dislocations at C1 and C2. 
 NOPD tried to pull him over on a random traffic stop. 
 He led them on a wild-goose chase, hoping to get away with that stolen loot. 
 Why you looking at us like that? 
 Waiting for the first question. 
 Navy or Marines? 
 Neither. 
 He murk some seaman when he robbed him? 
 Nope, no direct military connection to our dead man. 
 Then why are we here? 
 That stolen gun is Navy-issued. 
 (shutter clicking) 
 So we find the owner and return it. 
 NOPD is cross-checking robbery calls with the stolen loot to lock down a location. 
 Filed off the serial number. 
 We'll have to get it to Sebastian, see what he can give us. 
 I'm thinking about shaking things up this year at the potluck, maybe move away from my marshmallow Jell-O mold and papaya-cantaloupe fruitcake. 
 So long as you approve, of course. 
 I was gonna suggest it if you didn't make the change voluntarily. 
 Really? 
 I knew there were a lot of leftovers. 
 I just thought it was sort of a gluten, caloric, too-much-of-a-good-thing kind of thing. 
 More of a... papaya-cantaloupe fruitcake sort of thing. 
 So there are several techniques that can be used to re-sequence obliterated serial numbers. 
 There's chemical etching, which is the most common, going back to metallurgical examinations in which etching solutions were applied to cross sections of metal. 
 Then there's heating, which creates a visible difference between the damaged and undamaged regions of the substrate... 
 Sebastian. 
 Today? 
 Sebastian, here's the powder I pulled from the burglar's pants. 
 I was wondering if you could do an analysis. 
 Sure. Now, I, on the other hand, decided to magnetize the gun and bombard it with fine magnetized particles. 
 The particles fill in the gaps that are left from indentations when someone files them off. 
 Which allowed me to recover the serial number, run it through the Navy's database, and bing-bang-boom, your stolen Smith & Wesson belongs to Chief Petty Officer Jacob Tarlow. 
 Pride : Can you get me an address? 
 Yeah. 
 Uh... that's gonna be hard, since Jacob was murdered 40 years ago. 
 This case... was similar to the one that inspired the movie<i> Mississippi Burning.</i> 
 Jacob Tarlow, Jewish naval officer who enlisted black recruits. 
 They lynched him for it. 
 Wait. Is this one of your... 
 Yes, my bedside file stack. 
 This is the original. 
 I-I'm sorry. 
 There's a-a bedside file stack? 
 The Wade Files. 
 You haven't told him? 
 No, I didn't want to burden young Sebastian with that particular obsession, but I have a stack of files, unsolved cases, that are my reading material on the nights I can't sleep. 
 The many nights she can't sleep. 
 This case, Jacob Tarlow, was the first of those files. 
 I was a powerless college intern in the coroner's office. 
 The coroner didn't even bother to look at Jacob's body. 
 He ruled his death a suicide. 
 NOPD closed the case. 
 But wait, if he was hung, how does a gun figure into the murder? 
 Wade : He had it on him before he was executed. 
 And it's always been speculated that whoever murdered him... 
 Stole his gun. 
 The gun was never recovered. 
 Case went cold. 
 Now that it's resurfaced... 
 ...maybe we could finally solve a 40-year-old murder. 
 Looking good. 
 You're a horrible liar. 
 Liver cancer. 
 If life's a marathon, I'm basically at the finish line. 
 Still, it's been a good run. 
 Hannah and I met at the time of Jacob's death. 
 And Miriam was about a month old. 
 Mm-hmm. I had two mothers before it was, uh, all the rage. 
 Liked this one the moment I saw her face. 
 Even with the sadness of becoming a widow at 19, I knew Loretta Wade was a keeper. 
 (door opens) 
 Oh, Agent Pride, this is, uh, Jacob's brother Esau and Paul Hare, close friend of Jacob's and mine for... 
 Close to forever. (chuckles) 
 Here's the medication. 
 (coughing) 
 I'll get you some water. 
 Hannah : So, you, um, you found Jacob's gun. 
 Recovered as part of a likely robbery. 
 You said in the past that Jacob had his gun the night he was murdered? 
 I saw it with him when he left the house. 
 He was pretty sure he'd meet up with resistance. 
 And he had it with him at the recruitment site? 
 We weren't there long before the Confederate Brigade jumped us. 
 It was chaos. 
 Jacob and I were fighting off four, five of those guys each. 
 Cops did show up, but they weren't much help. 
 Somehow, Jacob and I got separated. 
 I managed to make it back to my car. 
 I just rushed right over here to make sure that he got back safely. 
 But Jacob never made it home. 
 Later that night, uh, we got a call from the police, informing us that Jacob was dead. 
 When we went to claim Jacob's body, this gun, his gun, was missing from the holster. 
 We'd like to reopen the case. 
 We would need to reexamine all of the evidence. 
 Wade : Including... 
 Jacob's body. 
 With the advancements in DNA technology, we could find evidence that helps solve the case. 
 Here, I'll help you. 
 (grunts) 
 You find who killed my husband. 
 Jacob Tarlow's gun. 
 We know where the burglar stole it from? 
 Nope. 
 We tracked the stolen items back to the Bywater. 
 So Brody and I went knocking on doors. 
 People laid claim to most of the stolen loot, but no takers on Jacob's gun. 
 You really going with “loot”? 
 Well, what do you prefer? 
 Booty? Swag? 
 Perp prop? 
 What about Jacob Tarlow's NOPD case file. 
 Destroyed in Katrina. 
 But they did still have this. 
 That the rope Jacob was hung with? 
 Yeah. 
 We're gonna send it to Sebastian, see if he can pull DNA. 
 All right, prime suspects, what do we know about them? 
 Confederate Brigade was a b*st*rd offshoot of the KKK. 
 Black church and synagogue bombings, race riots, you name it. 
 Brody : Loretta sent over Jacob's Navy journal. 
 It looks like the Brigade attacked him several times prior to his death. 
 We need to put faces with this group. 
 Brody : I'll run the Confederate Brigade with the FBI database. 
 (phone ringing) 
 See if we can get a pop on its members. 
 Lasalle here. 
 Speak. 
 1972 seems... late for a lynching. 
 “Lynching”" 
 “Hate crime.” 
 Different names, same sentiment. 
 Discrimination didn't end with the Civil Rights Act. 
 Even when I became an agent, opened up shop in the '80s, some of my partners on the force still held old-school beliefs. 
 Sebastian has some info on the powder that he found on the burglar's pants. 
 Want us to head over there? 
 Yeah. 
 And I'll head over to the cemetery with Loretta. 
 Lasalle : Hey, Laurel. 
 Hey. 
 Hello, Laurel. 
 Hey, Daddy. 
 Music major. 
 With honors, thank you very much. 
 Where's Orion? 
 Oh, he's taking the bus in tonight. 
 I told him I would make sure it was safe to talk turkey. 
 Of course it's safe, though I'm headed out. 
 Oh, field trip. 
 I'll ride with. 
 Persistent. 
 Wonder where I got that from. 
 All right, you stand back, be quiet. 
 Oh... rules say I can't take you in the official vehicle. 
 So we take the family car? 
 Pride : <i>Orion. 
 That's quite a name.</i> 
 Yeah, his major is economics, but after he's done with school, he's talking about getting his degree in La Science de la Pâtisserie. 
 Pastry chef? 
 No. Stop right now. 
 Before you even get started. 
 I am bringing him home on one condition. 
 What's that? 
 You cannot befriend my boyfriend. 
 You brought Barry to Jazz Fest, Andrew and Chris still call you for advice, and from what I understand, you sent Kenneth a check to cover his rent last month? 
 Just till his scholarship came through. 
 Dad, we went on three dates two years ago. 
 He's a good guy. 
 This can't happen. 
 You meet them, you're nice to them, they like you, and then it gets all weird. 
 Are they with me for me, or are they with me because of super cool Agent Dwayne Pride? 
 Look, what do you want me to do? 
 Give them the Clint Eastwood stare that your grandfather gave me when I started dating your mother? 
 Just... be a dad, you know? 
 A little aloof, a little standoffish. 
 And if you want to pretend like you're being overprotective, that's fine, too. 
 Just... no cooking together. 
 And... and none of that bromance stuff. 
 (sighs) 
 No bromance. 
 Thank you. 
 Wade : This case is the reason I moved back to New Orleans permanently. 
 I was thinking about heading out West after leaving Harvard, but I couldn't shake the memory of being called to cut Jacob down from the noose. 
 Coroner threw his body in a box, brushed it off as a suicide. 
 Barely bothered to examine him. 
 “Southern trees bear a strange fruit.” 
 “Blood on the leaves and blood at the root”" 
 I said, “Loretta, “you will never let another woman's man just get thrown in a box.” 
 Agent Pride. 
 Officer Sullos. 
 Nice to see you. 
 Not sure you're going to feel that way in a second. 
 You're gonna have to stop what you're doing here. 
 Why is that? 
 Court order-- to stop the exhumation of Jacob Tarlow's body. 
 Who did this? 
 Name is sealed with the injunction. 
 Sorry, Pride. I'm just the messenger. 
 Wow. What smells so good? 
 Oh, my Italian kale. 
 Wait. 
 More greens? 
 Yeah. Loretta told me about the greens-off. 
 Since I recently discovered that my fruitcake was not well received, I thought I'd get in on the action. 
 Since she's the judge, I decided to make an algorithm based on all of her favorite spices. 
 Oh, man. This is totally out of hand. 
 Is that for your kale, too? 
 No, that's, uh... that's for the case, actually. 
 It's extract from the silt found on the burglar's pant cuff. 
 It's lead. 
 Purest form of lead. 
 Only found in industrial plants and toxic waste dumps. 
 That's not your logical place for stolen watches, jewelry and guns. 
 Uh-uh. 
 You mind? 
 No, go ahead. 
 Brody : If that purity of lead were at a residence, there'd have to be some kind of permit or... 
 There you have it. 
 Citation belonging to New Orleans native Brick Myers. 
 Fined a few weeks ago. 
 FBI database says Brick Myers was a founding member of the Confederate Brigade. 
 Criminal record as long as a bedsheet. 
 I'll get an address. 
 I'm calling Pride. 
 Brick Myers, NCIS. 
 Open up. 
 (indistinct TV broadcast) 
 Looks like this is where Sticky Fingers made his entrance to steal Jacob's gun. 
 Man : Got a lot of buyers willing to pay top dollar... 
 (conversation continues indistinctly) 
 What you got? 
 Well, these are custom loads, extra hot... 
 NCIS! Freeze! 
 Go! 
 (groaning) 
 (groaning) 
 Get off me, bitch! 
 (yells) 
 Stop resisting. 
 Stop... resisting. 
 This has been... a long time coming. 
 Gunrunning across state lines. 
 Manufacturing bootleg ammunition. 
 You're looking at 20 years minimum. 
 My people run Angola. 
 Going back will be a homecoming. 
 Chief Petty Officer Jacob Tarlow. 
 Some of your handiwork. 
 Brody : Eyewitnesses said you beat him to a pulp hours before his death. 
 He started it. 
 (scoffs) 
 I went to talk to him at the recruiting station. 
 A friendly “Hello. How are you?” 
 He spit in my face. 
 He called me names. 
 I was defending myself. 
 A few punches were thrown, then we went our separate ways. 
 (pounds table) 
 If that's the case, then why was Jacob's gun, taken off his dead body, stolen from your house two days ago? 
 Whoa, that was the Jew's gun? 
 Yes. 
 Damn, small world. 
 Look, if I would have killed Tarlow, I'd have taken full credit for it. The gun was simply a souvenir of the time. I bought it off some cop a couple months after Tarlow's... suicide. 
 And who would that cop be? 
 The brothers in the Brigade called him T-Bone. Man, you would be surprised some of the friends we used to have in very high places. 
 Brick is lying scum. 
 Yes on the scum. Don't be so sure of the lying. Cozy relationships between police and hate groups was not uncommon back then. 
 If a police officer did sell Jacob's gun to Brick, it might explain why there wasn't an investigation into his murder. 
 Police cover-up suggested by a very unreliable source. 
 (cell phone beeping) 
 Got to run everything down. 
 All right, Christopher... got the injunction hearing switched over to Judge McCruter. Take Brody with you. Show her how you use your... 'Bama charm to sway the judicial process. 
 Where you going, King? 
 Apparently, I got a hot date with a dummy. 
 
 
 
 Sebastian : Unfortunately, deterioration from environmental conditions prevented me from pulling any kind of DNA, but... I matched the gauge of the rope and the height of the tree branch to reenact the murder using my trusty assistant LASMAN here. 
 First, the, uh, torque that caused rope fraying on both the front and the back of the tree branch indicates that Jacob's hangman was hoisting him alone. You add to that the height at which the rope was tied off, which I deduced from the photograph here, and I was able to calculate the size of Jacob's killer, given the average height and wingspan of adult males living at the time. 
 What do we got? 
 Murderer stood between five-foot-six and five-foot-eight in height. 
 Brick's six-two at least. 
 So it's not Brick Myers. 
 And we're back where I've been for 40 years? 
 Nowhere. 
 (sighs) 
 Loretta... I need access to Jacob Tarlow's body, Dwayne. 
 We're trying to get the injunction lifted. 
 It takes time. 
 Something Hannah hasn't got much of. 
 I spoke to her family today. 
 Hannah's taken a turn for the worse. 
 The stress of the case taking its toll. 
 I made her a promise, Dwayne. 
 I've gone over this case... 
 I know. 
 Okay, I've read Jacob's journals. 
 I've searched my brain to see if there's anything I could have missed. 
 I was 20. 
 I wore skirts that scarcely covered my thighs, and bikini tops-- if I wore any tops at all. 
 Jacob Tarlow's blood sacrifice was during a time when there were protests. 
 Average citizens were being monitored by the FBI. 
 I bet there are photos. 
 If there were, I wouldn't show you any of them. 
 Not photos of you. 
 “Average citizens being monitored by the FBI.” 
 COINTELPRO? 
 FBI followed a lot of different groups back then. 
 Maybe even... 
 The Confederate Brigade. 
 You've pulled me out of the abyss 1,000 times, Loretta. 
 My turn now. 
 Young man : Fennel seeds. 
 I can't believe you don't know anything about cooking. (laughs) 
 It's pretty depressing. 
 Laurel : I'm just... real bad. 
 Daddy! 
 Uh, this is Orion. 
 Nice to meet you, Mr. Pride. 
 Nice to meet you as well. 
 Uh, thanks for opening your kitchen... letting me brine the turkey. 
 Yeah. 
 Yeah, uh, whatever. 
 Laurel tells me you love to cook, so I knew you'd appreciate these. 
 Cumin, fennel seed and cinnamon. 
 Why cinnamon? 
 Daddy... 
 It's for the fungiform papillae. 
 The fungiform papillae? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Taste buds at the front of your tongue. 
 Uh-huh. 
 You get the savory right away, as long as you don't, uh... 
 Don't dry it out. 
 Orion : Yeah. Of course not. 
 The juices stimulate the fungiform papillae... 
 Mm-hmm. 
 ...which are then awakened to the cinnamon, and you get this... 
 Sweet aftertaste. 
 Exactly. 
 Yeah. 
 Yeah. (Orion laughs) 
 There's a whole science to it, but when I talk food shop with Laurel, she just kind of stares at me. 
 Like that? 
 Exactly. 
 Mmm. 
 Brody : Pride? 
 We got a hold of the classified COINTELPRO files on the Brigade. 
 We're set up in SCIF. 
 Pride : Guess I should, uh, go take a look. 
 Why don't you do that? 
 FBI's surveillance pictures of the Confederate Brigade, collected from the Counterintelligence Office. 
 Three cheers for domestic spying. 
 They managed to capture quite a few Hallmark moments outside their primary hangout. 
 The Dixie Bootleg. 
 Rural juke joint I helped shut down for running moonshine back in '81. 
 We uploaded several photos onto our system, and so far, this is what we got from the analysis. 
 I found three members of law enforcement who hung out with the Brigade on a regular basis. 
 One of them could be T-Bone. 
 Sebastian said that Jacob's killer was between five-six and five-eight. 
 Lasalle : That rules out these two. 
 Height analysis on this officer is five foot, seven inches. 
 Sweet spot for Jacob's murderer. 
 Run an age progression, Christopher. 
 Lasalle : Age progression... coming up. 
 40 years later. 
 You recognize him? 
 Why, yes, I do. 
 Tom Hamilton, Councilman Hamilton's father. 
 And the apple doesn't fall far from the tree. 
 Man : Dwayne Pride, as I live and breathe. 
 Need to talk, Tom. 
 Well, it's probably as good a time as any, I suppose. 
 Don't you think, Dougie? 
 What, you-you here to ruin my fishing trip? 
 Huh? 
 I'm here... to speak to your father about his involvement in the murder of Jacob Tarlow. 
 (laughing bitterly): I'll tell you... I mean, you... you're just so desperate to get to me, that you'll make up some cockamamie story about my father and some old murder. 
 Pride : Name Brick Myers sound familiar? 
 Can't say that it does. 
 He I.D.'d you as selling him a dead man's gun... 
 T-Bone. 
 T-Bone... 
 No, no, isn't that a-a cut of meat? 
 It's also, apparently, your father's nickname. 
 All right, Daddy, you do not have to answer to this Keystone Cop. 
 Stand down, Dougie. 
 Pride : Chief Petty Officer Jacob Tarlow. 
 Remember him? 
 I tuned up a lot of criminals in my day. 
 He wasn't a criminal. He was a highly decorated Navy Chief Petty Officer that you took an extra liking to. 
 Eight unlawful arrests in six months. 
 Establishing a pattern of-of harassment is good, but what you need is for me to admit that he got tired of my harassing him and he fought back. 
 And I lost control, and I strung him up. 
 Sounds like a confession to me. 
 Maybe a... tall tale from a feeble, senile old man. 
 I gotta go to the restroom. 
 Uh... 
 Well, that was a pathetic ploy, even for you, Dwayne. 
 Pride : What's pathetic is you filing for an injunction to stop the exhumation of Jacob Tarlow to protect your father. 
 First: Keep coming after my father, and I will make things very uncomfortable for you in this city. And second: You don't know that that injunction is me. 
 I don't have to know. 
 Judge will. 
 And if your name is on it, I will suggest you be charged with accessory to murder after the fact. 
 Judge is expecting your call. 
 Checked with Tom Hamilton's old precinct to see if he was on duty the night of Jacob's murder. 
 The logs were lost in a fire. 
 So, how about this? 
 Go to the family, see if anyone can put Tom Hamilton at the fight on the night of Jacob Tarlow's death. 
 You got it, King. 
 Now I can really get to work. 
 Wade : <i>After all these years,</i> 
 I wasn't sure there'd be something to go on. 
 But when the dead have something to say, not even time will shut them up. 
 Normally, in a hanging, one would expect broken bones in the neck. 
 It's due to asphyxial resistance. 
 You mean when someone struggles as they're being choked? 
 Exactly. 
 Jacob lacked fractures along the vertebrae, which means his body was relaxed. 
 It's like a-a drunk driver avoids injury after passing out  at the wheel. 
 Jacob wasn't conscious? 
 I believe he was dead before he was hung, and my supposition is reinforced by... a depressed fracture, like this one. 
 Caused by an extreme blunt force at the point of impact. 
 And the tool of attack often causes an indentation in the shape of the object used. 
 I'll give you three guesses-- first two don't count. 
 His gun. 
 Tom Hamilton encounters Tarlow, there's some sort of an incident, Hamilton gets a hold of Tarlow's gun... 
 And uses the blunt weapon to kill Jacob. 
 Hangs him to cover up what he's done. 
 And then, maybe as insurance, sells the gun to Brick, so that, should it ever be found... 
 All signs point towards the Brigade and the lynching. 
 Have I ever told you how high I get from tracking down the truth? 
 Thank you, Dwayne. 
 Thank me when I tie Tom Hamilton to the gun. 
 Sebastian : <i>Because of Loretta's discovery,</i> 
 I stopped looking at the gun ballistically and examined it materially, from a blunt-force trauma perspective. 
 So, to raise this serological<i> Titanic,</i> 
 I had to use a technique I perfected, called the “Jellyfish Effect”" 
 Some jellyfish are incandescent under black lights, kind of like nature's glow sticks. 
 And this here... 
 Spices for my greens. No touchy. 
 So I placed Jacob's gun inside this sterile fish tank with a luminol vaporizer attached to the side. 
 Pride : Is that blood, glowing in the dark? 
 It is. 
 I cross-checked it with Jacob's DNA. 
 It's not a match, so most likely the killer cut himself on the trigger when he hit Jacob over the head. 
 Leaving blood spatter inside Jacob's gun. 
 Tom Hamilton's DNA... 
 Is not on file anywhere. 
 I'll need a sample to get a conclusive result. 
 Coast Guard's on standby. 
 They'll confirm Tom Hamilton's whereabouts as soon as he returns to port. 
 I don't want to lose him. 
 Make sure he's not fleeing. 
 Hey. 
 Where's Orion? 
 I sent him home. 
 I told you I wasn't sure how I felt about him and I didn't want this to become a big deal. 
 And all of a sudden, it's “your dad” this and “your dad” that. 
 What was I supposed to do? 
 You were supposed to stay away. 
 You invited him. 
 It's Thanksgiving. 
 Well, clearly, that was a mistake. 
 Hey, King. 
 We got a 20 on Tom Hamilton. 
 We'll talk later? 
 Blood or urine? 
 Just a simple swab from your cheek, and I'm on my way. 
 You don't have a warrant. 
 Innocent men don't need warrants to clear their name. 
 No one calls me “innocent,” but I'm innocent of this. 
 Then why fight it? 
 'Cause that's what my family has always done when it concerns you and your family. 
 You should respect that. 
 After all, if your father Cassius had fought a little harder, he wouldn't be sharing an 11-by-seven-foot cell. 
 So, go get your warrant, and when you come back, I'll give you a specimen and tell you some stories about old man Pride that'll make your head spin. 
 Pride : Make sure this boat doesn't leave the city, headed for international waters. 
 We all know how you Hamiltons like to evade arrest. 
 Look, Dwayne. 
 My father is a violent, drunk, racist son of a bitch. 
 But I do not believe that he's capable of murder. 
 Why risk letting a woman die without knowing the truth about what happened to her husband? 
 Because sons protect their fathers. 
 That's what they do. 
 Not all sons. 
 I didn't choose to live with the doubt of who my father really was. 
 You got an opportunity to learn the truth. 
 So I'm running the hair from the brush Councilman Hamilton took from his father against the blood that we found inside of Jacob's gun. 
 The results should be coming up here in three, two, one... 
 It's not a match. 
 So, Tom Hamilton's not the killer? 
 It seems that having hateful views doesn't necessarily make you a liar. 
 All these years, I've been looking at this case from the same point of view. 
 That the racists must be hiding something. 
 Now we know Brick Myers-- too tall. 
 Tom Hamilton's blood doesn't match. 
 So... what if they are telling the truth and it's the journal that's been lying all along? 
 What's this? 
 Jacob Tarlow's last entry after the fight with the Brigade. 
 Everything in it suggests that Jacob's death is related to what happened that day. 
 But maybe the journal is a cover. 
 And the people he should've been afraid of were much closer. 
 Who had access to the journal between the time Jacob died and when the coroner's office first saw it? 
 His brother Esau. 
 And his best friend Paul. 
 Sometimes hate has nothing to do with color. 
 Tell me things. 
 The medical company that ships Hannah's medication faxed over their signature logs. 
 Paul and Esau have signed for Hannah's prescription in the last six months. 
 Do you have...? 
 Jacob's journal? 
 Yes. Thank you. 
 We will scan it and compare Jacob's last entry to Esau and Paul's handwriting from the signature logs. 
 Where are Paul and Esau now? 
 Headed to Hannah's. 
 We told them to gather everyone to give them an update. 
 (knocking) 
 It's okay. 
 I'll get it. 
 Wade : Hi. 
 Hi. Come on in. 
 Hey, Paul. Come over here for a second. 
 You know who Jacob's killer is? 
 We think we do. 
 (quiet, indistinct chatter) 
 Paul? 
 Why? 
 High-stakes gamble. 
 Relying on the cesspool of hate to cover up the murder of your best friend. 
 Jacob's Navy journal. 
 And the writing is an exact match to when you signed for Hannah's medication. 
 Pride : Like your DNA will match the blood found on the inside of Jacob's gun. 
 Must have been hard. 
 With Hannah leaning on you all these years but never accepting your hand in marriage. 
 Miriam told us... that you proposed to Hannah several times after Jacob's death. 
 But she never did say yes. 
 Leaving you to live in the shadows. 
 Yeah, we-we had one night together. 
 Right before they were engaged. 
 And I told Hannah that she had to choose between me and Jacob. 
 But she said we were a mistake. 
 She made me swear never to say a thing. 
 But after what happened with the Brigade... after... escaping with our lives... 
 I had to tell Jacob. 
 I told him that Hannah and I were meant to be together. 
 Not him and her. 
 And then things just, uh, got out of hand. 
 It was an accident. 
 Swear. 
 Accident or not... still murder. 
 Now we know the truth. 
 (door closes) 
 How you gonna sleep tonight? 
 Like a baby. 
 My father was trying to get home to my mother. 
 Oh, and to you, too. 
 And to me. 
 The Secretary of the Navy is ordering Paul back to active duty to face murder charges at court martial. 
 Thank you. 
 But I'd rather not ever think of Paul Hare again. 
 I made... one mistake, and it deprived me of so much. 
 I miss Jacob's laugh. 
 I look forward to being with him again. 
 (speaking Hebrew) 
 Sometimes you don't want it to be a big deal. 
 But it is. 
 And sometimes... you say you're not sure how you feel when you know exactly. 
 It's so intense it terrifies you. 
 I really like him. 
 I know. 
 And I sent him away. 
 You did. 
 And I screwed up. 
 Big-time. 
 And sometimes it's not such a terrible thing when your father has a bromance with your boyfriend. 
 Oh, hang on. A little eyelash. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 (quiet laugh) 
 Hey. 
 Hey. 
 Wade : <i>Pie's ready.</i> 
 (all clamoring) 
 Pie's here. 
 Hi. 
 Hey, Loretta! 
 You ready to give the greens championship trophy to yours truly? 
 Oh! 
 Now is not the time for competition. 
 It's the season of thankfulness. 
 Okay, y'all. 
 Listen, listen, everyone. 
 Let me just say, you know, it has been an interesting last few days. 
 A 40-year-old murder reminds me how much the world has changed. 
 With work still to be done. 
 But tonight... we're here to break bread together and remember that love done right can change the world. 
 Amen. 
 All : Amen. 
 Cheers. 
 Cheers, guys. Cheers to that. 
 Yeah! 
 Orion? 
 Yes, sir? 
 Would you care to do the honors? 
 (Lasalle chuckling) 
 Big man on campus now. 
 Wow. Thank you. 
 That's right. 
 You got this. 
 Oh, my word. 
 I remember what you did to the bird last year. 
 Oh! 
 All right, somebody pass me the greens! 
 Oh, here you go. Here's the winner. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 