Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x13 - The Walking Dead - NCIS: New Orleans 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x13 - The Walking Dead https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=35&t=16380 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/03/15 23:42 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x13 - The Walking Dead 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Really? 
 Ugh. 
 What the hell? 
 You were half a block behind me on Dumaine. 
 Which is why I cut through Armstrong Park. 
 Looks like I win. 
 Looks like you cheated. 
 All in how you look at it. 
 We said last one to the steps buys breakfast. 
 I'm thinking-- Toast on Laurel Street. 
 Later. 
 Training for distance, stamina-- not speed. 
 It's about bacon at the moment. 
 I'm going another five miles. 
 Double or nothing, no cheating. 
 I will outlast you to Audubon Park if it doesn't kill us both. 
 Hey. 
 You okay? 
 I just need to... 
 Gabriel. 
 Hey, you all right? 
 Gabe. 
 Yes, I need an ambulance at the steps at Jackson Square. 
 ♪ NCIS:New Orleans 1x13 ♪ 
"The Walking Dead" 
Original Air Date on February 3, 2015 
 ♪ Boom, boom, boom, boom ♪ 
♪ Bang, bang, bang, bang ♪ 
♪ Boom, boom, boom, boom ♪ 
♪ How, how, how, how ♪ 
♪ Hey, hey ♪ 
♪ You gotta come on. ♪ 
 Man : Telling you, Lasalle. 
 Jumping out of a plane-- you got to try it. 
 12,500 feet, nothing but air. 
 Oh, it's tempting. 
 Wait, skydiving? 
 Mike and Kieran are going with some SEAL buddies. 
 Let us know, Lasalle. 
 You got it, fellas. 
 I'm surprised you've never been. 
 I just never got around to it. 
 Plus, I got this vague fear of heights. 
 Well, it's not the height you should be afraid of, it's the ground. 
 Well, that's my point. 
 Skydiving sounds fun, but sky-crashing-- not so much. 
 Who's going skydiving? 
 Lasalle has height issues. 
 I said vague height issues. 
 Must do, Christopher. 
 Seeing the world from up there gives you a whole nother perspective. 
 Gabriel : Besides, whatever doesn't kill you makes you stronger. 
 Lieutenant Commander Lin. 
 Dwayne. 
 Pride : Thank you, Roy. 
 I hope that you don't mind me showing up unannounced. 
 Of course not. 
 Agent Brody, Lieutenant Commander Lin. 
 Nice to meet you. 
 Chief naval therapist out of the facility at Belle Chasse. 
 So, what's with the gray hair, old friend? 
 What gray hair? 
 (laughs) 
 How you doing? 
 Could we talk in private? 
 Yeah, sure, come on. 
 Uh, you still running? 
 Oh, I get in a couple of miles every other day or so. You? 
 Good, good. Uh, 55 miles a week. 
 Come on. 
 Yeah. 
 I was gonna run the Rouge-Orleans Ultra, but, uh, I collapsed 11 days ago. 
 Nothing like that ever happened to me before. 
 I was rushed to the hospital, they did all these tests, they couldn't figure out what was going on. 
 And then, uh, they discover that I have unusually high levels of radiation in my body. 
 Polonium-210. 
 Wait, is-isn't that... that what was used to kill Alexander Litvinenko? 
 Yeah, the ex-KGB spy. 
 And, if you believe it, Yasser Arafat. 
 250,000 times more toxic than hydrogen cyanide. 
 So... 
 There's no cure. 
 Dwayne, I think I've been poisoned. 
 So I'm here today to ask you for a favor. 
 Find your killer before it's too late. 
 Sebastian :We are so sorry. 
 Well, I appreciate that, ma'am, but I don't need sympathy. 
 I need answers. 
 And the first thing I should say is I'm not contagious. 
 The only way you can get sick is to ingest it. 
 Which means, if you were actually poisoned, whoever did this had direct access to you. 
 Uh, yeah, so I made a list. 
 Of patients, current and former. 
 A colleague whose thesis I ripped apart during my peer review days. 
 Lasalle : As for your personal life, is there anyone we should be looking at? 
 Well, that suggests that I have a personal life. 
 I've got office hours 9:00 to 7:00, seminars at night. 
 Writing a book. 
 You need to give us everything. 
 Any suspicion. 
 Yeah. 
 The wider the net, the more likely we can hit upon a lead. 
 Sure. 
 Do you know what scares me? 
 I consider myself to be a really good judge of character. 
 That's what I do. 
 But nobody I can think of is capable of... 
 ...this. 
 Okay, we're on it. 
 Start with the list, huh? 
 We'll run down the names. 
 See if we can find anyone who has access to polonium. 
 Appreciate it. 
 Thank you both. 
 As for the first part, the access part, see if we can't figure out the where and when this happened. 
 As for the where, well... you need to give us a record of everywhere you frequently go. 
 Okay. 
 And as for the when, let's go see an old friend. 
 What we're doing is testing your organ functions. 
 By comparing them with the decay typically associated with polonium exposure, we'll be able to determine when the poisoning occurred. 
 Can release your hand now. 
 So what is this process? 
 What is this process? 
 Yeah, does it have a name? 
 Oh, would you hold still, please? 
 Stall by answering my question with a question. 
 Avoid eye contact, try to change the subject by refocusing on the examination. 
 What is it you don't want to tell me? 
 What we are performing here is called a live autopsy. 
 Yes, I can see why that would be uncomfortable. 
 This might be a little cold. 
 Let me ask you something. 
 How does this illness progress? 
 Your doctors haven't told you? 
 I really didn't ask. 
 The, uh, first few days were such a whirlwind that there was so much information being spit at me. 
 Radiation levels, mortality rates. 
 I didn't hear much of what was said. 
 And then when it finally started to sink in, I... 
 I really didn't want to know. 
 Denial. 
 It's good for the patients. 
 It's great for the therapist, too. 
 So you want to know now? 
 No, I don't want to know now. 
 But I think I should. 
 There will be migraines, nausea, extreme pain. 
 In about a week, you will start to lose your hair. 
 And over the course of the next week or so, all your major organs will begin to shut down. 
 And then I die? 
 I liked it better when I was in denial. 
 You have anyone who can help you out? 
 Take care of you? 
 I've got some good friends. 
 And you got a brother, yes? 
 An older brother, Cam. 
 We haven't been close recently. 
 Um, you know, we're kind of at odds. 
 Dad died a few months back. 
 Cancer. 
 Sorry, I didn't... 
 Cam took care of him when I was stationed in Afghanistan. 
 And he thinks I didn't do enough to help. 
 We haven't talked in two months. 
 Uh, and I have to ask then, if... 
 Should your brother have been on that list that you gave us? 
 No, no, Cam didn't do this. 
 Remember what you told me? 
 Years ago. 
 About what you discovered about your father. 
 I've said a lot of things. 
 You said knowing the truth about your family and knowing what to do with that truth are two different things. 
 My brother can be a very difficult man, but he is not a killer. 
 That I know. 
 Some people have a bucket list, I have a bucket binder. 
 You mean, literally, a binder. 
 Yeah, 983 different activities. 
 Let's see... 
 Journey past the Pinwheel Galaxy, solve the Pollock octahedral numbers conjecture, and, of course, beat  Contra  without the up-up-down-down, left-right-left-right-B-A-start cheat code. 
 Which might be the toughest thing on here. 
 "Visit Utah"? 
 Yeah, you know, it's just... it's so square, but then there's this tiny extra rectangle piece right at the top. 
 What's the deal with that thing? 
 Polonium-210? 
 Polonium-210, yes, great point. 
 So, it's made by nuclear reactors, but it has numerous industrial capabilities. 
 And even though it's been used in government assassinations, it's not just available to Big Brother. 
 Which is why I have this... home-brewed Po-Po. 
 How did you...? 
 Oh, well, this anti-static fan, it's, uh, designed to reduce imbalanced electrical charges. 
 It uses 31,500 microcuries of polonium as a power source. 
 That's ten lethal doses. 
 With proper lab experience, you can purchase a fan like this online and extract the polonium yourself. 
 I got it! I got it! 
 Oh, you seriously need supervision. 
 Okay, now we know what polonium is. 
 How do we find out where Dr. Lin was poisoned? 
 A Geiger counter. 
 This puppy will clickety-clack whenever it's near the stuff. 
 (ticking) 
 Look at this. 
 Lasalle : How long is it detectable? 
 Well, polonium's not the kind of thing you just wash off with Ajax and bleach. 
 It hangs around. 
 Okay. 
 We'll get this back to you before the Utah trip. 
 All right. Mm-hmm. 
 Thanks, Sebastian. 
 Provo or bust! 
 Agent Brody. 
 Dr. Wilkins. 
 You're in New Orleans? 
 I got reassigned from South Carolina. 
 Been seeing patients out of this office for three weeks, and then, well, what happened with Dr. Lin. 
 I've had to cancel all my clients. 
 Is it safe? 
 No signs of polonium. 
 Crazy. 
 I haven't even gotten settled, and one of my colleagues is being poisoned. 
 Hey, uh, I was thinking of calling you. 
 I would love to pick the brain of another recent transplant. 
 Okay, sure. 
 Great. 
 Agent Lasalle. 
 How you doing, Doc? 
 Good, thank you. 
 Well, uh, back to the salt mines, I guess. 
 The room is clear. 
 Why are you so smiley? 
 I'm not smiling. 
 Oh, yeah, you're smiley. 
 That's just my face, Lasalle. 
 Well, you might have a medical condition, Brody. 
 I'll get it checked out. 
 Found this in Lin's files. 
 Dominick Cole, former patient of Gabriel's. 
 Dominick was a gunner's mate for the coast guard. 
 Chemicals and weapons specialist who broke bad after two tours in Afghanistan and went full Unabomber. 
 Brilliant but unstable. 
 Paranoid and anti-government. 
 His C.O. sends him in for a psych eval. ere he meets Dr. Lin, who's navy? 
 (sighs) Yeah, the coast guard doesn't have its own psych team, so they Bogart the navy's. 
 According to the file, Dr. Lin recommended his discharge. 
 Didn't sit too well with Dominick. 
 Polonium connection. 
 About a month ago, he got himself on a watch list after he purchased polonium- making materials online. 
 Got an address? 
 Guy's off the gridsy. 
 Wait, this guy was coast guard, right? 
 Yep. 
 Admit it, you guys got a little teary when I left. 
 Made up this whole polonium case just so you could have me back. 
 We have been crying ourselves to sleep. 
 Didn't know what to do without you. 
 Good to see you again, Agent Borin. 
 You got something for us? 
 Yeah, like I told Agent Brody, we've been monitoring Dominick Cole since he left the coast guard. 
 Now, here, his last known whereabouts are near the Industrial Canal east of the Lower Nine. 
 Let's pay him a visit. 
 I know you didn't fly all the way down here just to give us an address. 
 No, I flew all the way back down here because we've been waiting for Dominick to screw up so we could get our hands on him. 
 Our case, our hands. 
 You just watch. 
 I like to watch. 
 Pride : Easy, everybody. 
 On my lead. 
 There he is. Christopher, side door. Borin, with me. 
 (banging on door) 
 Dominick Cole, NCIS. 
 Open up. 
 He's running! 
 Guys, get out! 
 Bomb! Go, go, go! 
 (tires squealing) 
 Damn it! 
 Brody, we'll take his tail. 
 You cut him off. 
 Let's go. 
 Lasalle :  We're right behind him. 
 Brody, where are you? 
 Brody : On the south side. We're coming around. 
 (tires squealing) 
 It's a dead end around that corner. 
 Stay on him. 
 We got him. 
 Federal agents! 
 (tires squealing) 
 Here we go again. 
 Go, go! 
 Brody :  Where's he going? 
 Pride : Back of the plant. 
 On our way! 
 Go left. 
 (gasping) 
 Stay down! Don't move! 
 Hands where we can see. 
 Easy. Get against the car. 
 Turn around. 
 Hey, Dominick. 
 Pleasure to finally meet you. 
 I don't think the feeling's mutual. 
 Sebastian :BORIN: Dominick. 
 Buddy. 
 What do you have to say for yourself? And might I suggest you start with the word "polonium." 
 Mm. 
 (whistling "Dixie") 
 Whistling "Dixie." Cute. 
 But you realize the phrase "whistling 'Dixie'" actually means to engage in unrealistic fantasies. 
 Like the fantasy that you're not gonna spend the rest of your life in a six-by-eight cell. 
 Dominick. 
 We found traces of polonium on your property. 
 You laced your barbed wire fence with that stuff. 
 That's pretty nasty. 
 You mix up another batch of that? 
 Use it to poison Dr. Lin? 
 (whistling "Crazy") 
 ♪ Crazy for feeling so lonely. ♪ 
 Good whistling. 
 I think a more appropriate choice would be...  
 (whistling "I Fought the Law") 
 ♪ The law won ♪ 
♪ I fought the law ♪ 
♪ And the law won. ♪ 
 Ow! Enough! 
 I'm sorry, did you want to say something? 
 Dr. Lin was supposed to make me better. 
 Instead, he took away my job. 
 My livelihood. 
 I'm glad he's dying, but if I'd done it, he'd be in a million crappy pieces. 
 Dominick Cole may be angry as all hell, but he's not behind the polonium. 
 Are you sure? 
 Put your trust in the periodic table. 
 Polonium has isotopic impurities which gives each sample its own uniquely identifiable fingerprint. 
 And the polonium you found at Dominick's has a completely different isotopic structure than the samples from Gabriel's body. 
 They don't match. That said, I've completed my diagnostics on Gabriel's organ functions, and I've determined when the poisoning occurred-- approximately 15 days ago. 
 The 27th. 
 Which means... 
 Find out where he was that day, and we'll know where he was poisoned. 
 Uh, Dwayne, something else. 
 I made an additional finding. 
 With Gabriel's kidneys and liver deteriorating at these rates, I'm able to approximate when his body will succumb to the poison. 
 The day he'll die. 
 If it were me, I'd like to know. 
 (kettle whistling) 
 So, did you look at it? 
 Not my place. 
 You know, the analytical part of me wants to know. 
 It's the first step of coping. 
 But... 
 Knowing the date... 
 Makes it real. 
 So, how's the investigation? 
 We've determined you were poisoned on the 27th of last month. 
 That was a Tuesday. 
 Thanks. 
 Where were you? 
 Uh... 
 Uh, well, I was at my father's loft in the Quarter. 
 We haven't sold it yet. 
 Had dinner in the area, and I had a few drinks, so I didn't want to drive home. 
 I'm gonna need the address. 
 And the restaurant, too. 
 The loft is on Decatur, 600. 
 And the restaurant is Irene's on St. Philip. 
 Who were you with? 
 It was just myself. 
 Okay. 
 Dwayne. 
 Just look at it. 
 Why? 
 So you can know the deadline to find out who did this to me. 
 14 days is how long Dr. Lin has. 
 Say it's you. 
 You got two weeks. 
 336 hours. 
 A little over 20,000 minutes. 
 Look at you, Rain Man. 
 Seriously, though, what would you do? 
 Gather my family. 
 Mom, brother and sister. 
 Watch a Bama game. 
 Spend as much time with them as I could. 
 Yeah, that's it? 
 No last great adventure? 
 If want to do something, I do it. 
 Spend every day like you got two weeks left. 
 How about you? 
 I'm doing it. 
 Searching for polonium? 
 No, spending time with good people in a gorgeous New Orleans loft. 
 And yeah, searching for deadly nuclear material. 
 What can I say, Lasalle? 
 Catching baddies, it curls my toes. 
 Brody : Guys. Got something. 
 (Geiger counter crackling) 
 Sebastian :  Killer injects  polonium into the tube. 
 Gabriel brushes his teeth sometime that Tuesday. 
 Then... Wango Tango. 
 How do you normally respond when he says stuff like that? 
 Smile and nod. 
 That's not entirely true. 
 Sometimes you just look at me like I'm an alien. 
 Which I guess I don't completely rule out. 
 Anyway, uh, what's cool is, by taking the polonium from Gabriel's tissues and the sample from the toothpaste, I've been able to draw some conclusions. 
 The first-- neither one came from an anti-static fan, but rather straight from the source. 
 A nuclear reactor? 
 Yeah, I can't tell you exactly which one just yet. 
 We have less than a hundred microcuries. 
 That's not enough to pinpoint its origin... 
 "Microcuries"? 
 It's a measurement of radioactivity. But I contacted a physicist friend of mine, and, uh, given its chemical signature, it could only come from a facility that has, uh, radiopharmaceutical capabilities. 
 There's only a few of those in the whole United States. 
 I don't care what planet you're from. I'm totally into it. 
 Don't encourage him. Let's go. 
 Thank you. 
 
 
 
 I'm sorry! I thought I'd be here sooner. 
 But my mile time's 40 seconds slower. 
 It's okay. 
 You have something? 
 Why didn't you tell me you and your brother Cam were involved in a land dispute? 
 Your father's land in Taiwan? 
 Cam's suing you for it? 
 It's sentimental. 
 It's not worth anything. 
 Sure about that? 
 Couple of things. 
 When you told me about your brother, sorry, but I had my people look into him. 
 We found the lawsuit... and interest from a company-- Omnicore Development. 
 And your father's property sits smack-dab in the middle of an area that they're developing. 
 Land value has increased exponentially. 
 Well, I did not know that. 
 I'm betting your brother did. 
 Also... we've narrowed down where the polonium was manufactured. 
 Yeah. 
 One of the reactors has contracts with an oil company. 
 Polonium powers their drills. 
 USP Oil? 
 Where Cam works. 
 What are you saying? 
 I'm saying we need to pay a visit to your brother. 
 Sebastian :Poisoned? 
 Is this some kind of scam because of the land thing?! 
 You've known me my whole life. 
 Do you think that I would make up that I was dying? 
 You don't look sick to me. 
 Woman : Honey, please. 
 A few things need to be cleared up. 
 First... where were you on the 27th? 
 It was a Tuesday. 
 Tuesday. I was... at the office, in and out of meetings. 
 Can anyone verify your whereabouts? 
 The whole day?! 
 This is absurd. 
 No... what is absurd is you not telling me that there was a developer interested in Dad's land because the property value's gone way up! 
 I didn't know, Gabe! 
 You expect me to believe that?! 
 You are brothers! Stop this! 
 Stay out of it, Dawn! 
 This isn't coming out of the blue. 
 You have a key to your father's loft. 
 You have access to polonium. 
 This is beneath you. 
 You really want Dad's land? 
 Maybe you should've been there as he was lying in bed dying! 
 I was halfway around the world... 
 (weakly): ...serving my country. 
 Geez! 
 Dawn : Oh, God. 
 Can you give me something for under his head? 
 Yeah. 
 Come on. That's it. 
 Thank you. Okay. 
 You all right? 
 Gabe. Hey, hey, just breathe. 
 I was, I'm just a little dizzy. 
 He's really dying? 
 Yes, he is. 
 Brody : We'll need to search your house for polonium. 
 Based on what? 
 I haven't been anywhere near my brother or my father's loft since my dad died. 
 We checked your financials. 
 You're cash-strapped. 
 You lost $600,000 in the stock market last year. 
 That is a really big hit. 
 Brody : Price of the land in White Sand Bay has increased by 700% in the last six months. 
 I'm telling you I had no idea. 
 I never talked to this Omnicore. 
 Well, with your brother dead, that land is yours outright. 
 And if I did poison him, wouldn't it be pretty stupid to do it when we're in the middle of a lawsuit? 
 Or you count on us thinking just that, and hope we can't trace the poison to you. 
 My brother... he thinks I did this? 
 It's not important what he believes. 
 It is to me. 
 You want access to my house, get a warrant. 
 And tell my brother if he thinks I'm capable of this, he doesn't have a clue who I really am. 
 You know, he was the runner when we were younger. 
 I used to wake up at 5:00 a.m. and wait outside his door, and beg him to take me to train with him. 
 And then in high school I kept going and he stopped. 
 When was the last time you ran together? 
 I can't remember. 
 Do you believe him? 
 Do you? 
 I don't know what I believe about anything anymore. 
 What do we got? 
 Brody and Borin are working on getting a warrant for Cam's house. 
 In the meantime, I found out the Omnicore development project? 
 It's worth $300 million. 
 That's a chunk of change. 
 Omnicore is building condos on two miles of pristine beachfront property. 
 And the Lin's family's land? 
 It's right smack-dab in the middle. 
 So, without the Lin's property? 
 Project goes nowhere. 
 Can we tie Omnicore to Cam? 
 They've got offices in the Central Business District. 
 Got to believe they've reached out at some point. 
 I'll drive. 
 Man :  Cam Lin? 
 Never heard of him. Sure about that, Mr. Zarate? He and his brother Gabriel have property in Taiwan that appears to be very important to your company. I wouldn't know. Development is below my pay grade. I'm more of a big picture guy. Then how about putting us in touch with the little picture guys who can tell us if your company and Mr. Lin have had contact. I'm not inclined nor compelled to discuss current projects. Even if it involves a murder investigation? We were cleared of that. Local officials in Sochi who were shot? Nothing more than trumped up charges by the Russian government out to make an American company look ruthless. That's... that's not what you're here about? It is now. My lawyers will take it from here. Agent Brody? Hey. What's going on? Uh, I spoke to Dr. Lin. He said you were looking into his brother Cam? I saw him. A couple weeks ago. I was leaving the building and Cam was just parked outside our office. I didn't know if that was important. It is. Thank you. You could've just called with that. Yeah, but then wouldn't have had the opportunity to follow up on that coffee idea. (laughs) Well, you-you've got my number from the Neville case. You let me know? Yeah. Sure. Good. Just spoke with Cam's supervisor at USP. Sorry, am I interrupting? No. I was just leaving. (clears her throat) Cam supervises maintenance of the drills. That gives him direct access to polonium. And he lied about not being anywhere near Dr. Lin. Should be pretty easy to get a warrant now. I'll double back with the judge. You call Pride. You got it. That guy was cute. I guess. Is he your boyfriend? Is he gay? (laughs) I don't think so. Okay, so... what's the problem? I don't date. Neither do I, but that shouldn't stop you from having a little fun. Okay, let's just say I have, um... relationship issues. Don't we all. Okay, then you get it. Sometimes you just... you know, you need to... keep your distance. Yeah, until... one day someone doses you with polonium and you're wondering what the hell you were running from. It's just funny how you didn't mention you went to your brother's office. I never went inside. Never saw him. So why'd you go there? Talk about the lawsuit. I thought we could maybe work it out. But I had second thoughts, so I left. How long is this all gonna take, anyway? Long as it takes. Nothing upstairs. There's a garage out back. I'll check that. Borin : DeGeorge, huh? Dawn : Oh. Yeah, my father. He owns a plastics company. He sends me these things. Wants me to know the products. That sounds exciting. Yeah, you know that line from  The Graduate? "Plastics"? My life. Um... Ms. Lin, I... Do you really think my husband could do this? I'm gonna need you to go back in the house. Where you going? To get a drink of water. That a problem? (Geiger counter clicking) Wait! What's going on? (clicking rapidly) Bingo. Sebastian :(camera clicking) (siren wailing outside) God, if I had one sip... If either of us had a sip... Um, how is it... how is it possible for someone to gain access to our water? Where's it kept? When's it delivered? They're delivered every two weeks. They sit outside the house. King. I need you outside. Stay here, please. Dawn : Oh, God. It's gonna be okay. Neighbor's security camera caught a piece of the Lin's driveway. There. See that car? Got the license plate, but not a driver. Already ran it. Belongs to an employee of Omnicore Development. Omnicore's been to the house. (phone chimes) Sebastian. All right, get a 20 on Zarate. Call the judge, get more warrants. See if we can't tie polonium to Omnicore. You got it. Everything all right, Sebastian? Things are more than all right, Agent Pride. Things are actually very exciting. I had to take a moment and calm myself until we could speak. Well, I'm here now, so speak. Okay. This is the polonium that I extracted from the toothpaste, and this is the polonium from the water bottle that you had sent over. There's significantly more. Which allowed me to isolate its distinct energy signature. It was produced by the South River Nuclear Generating Station, and they only have one polonium-210 client. Omnicore. Incorrect. Then who? Ms. Lin. How we doing? Fine. Got a Prius registered in your name. Is this a rental? Yeah, mine's having issues. Issues like what? It's not discreet enough to transport radioactive material? Mind if we take a look? Sure, but... Step aside, please. I don't... I don't know... What we're talking about? We hear that a lot. (Geiger counter beeping) Pride : Ms. Lin... as it turns out, the polonium we found at your house was only sold to one company: DeGeorge Plastics. Plastics. (Geiger counter clicking) Got her. Omnicore came by your house. Offered you a big payday for the land. Chance to change your life. Lasalle : Poisoned your brother-in-law so you wouldn't have to split the sale. Once we started looking at Cam, you realized he'd contact Omnicore, figure out you were behind it. Two birds, one radioactive stone. I thought marrying Cam would mean I wouldn't have to live at the beck and call of my father, and then Cam makes all these crappy investments, and... right back to where I started. I think you've dropped a few rungs. My kind of coffee. Kind of tastes like mud. Not if you add a little bourbon to it. Off to Virginia? For now. I've been thinking about your friend, the, uh, doctor. Really makes one wonder. About? Professional roads not taken. I love the United States Coast Guard, and I love being out on the high seas, but every now and again, I think... what if I did something different? Like what? I'm told that with eight weeks' training I could transfer from CGIS to NCIS. In Washington? With Gibbs? More like anywhere I can get a crappy cup of coffee I can spike with bourbon. Till next time, okay? Kieran : You ready for this, Lasalle? Lasalle : It's on like Donkey Kong. (laughs) Skydiving. I'll meet you guys out there. You're really going for it. Yeah. You know, why put off till tomorrow what you can do today? Ain't that the truth. Wish me luck. Don't hit the ground, Lasalle. (sighs) I'll do my best not to. ♪ ♪ (line ringing) Wilkins  (recorded): You've reached Dr. Samuel Wilkins. Leave a message and I'll get back to you. (beep) So... About that coffee. ♪ Heart on the run ♪ 
♪ Keeps a hand on a gun ♪ 
♪ Can't trust anyone ♪ 
♪ I was so sure ♪ 
♪ What I needed was more... ♪ How you doing? That my wife could do this... How do you... does someone even process something like that? Well, at least you got a good therapist in the family. Why, thank you very much. You are more than welcome. It's beautiful here, isn't it? It's my favorite place to run in the city, right here. It reminds me of Dad's land, in Taiwan. It's... this beautiful stretch of beach. Water crystal clear. Feels like... warm silk on your skin. Wish we had the time to go there. So I guess this is good-bye. Go. Run. ♪ Cover me up ♪ 
♪ And know you're enough... ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 