Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x10 - Not Giants But Windmills - Graves 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x10 - Not Giants But Windmills https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=719&t=30325 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/19/16 06:08 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x10 - Not Giants But Windmills 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Graves"... 
 Just ask for your job back already. 
 I'd like to come back. 
 And vote Thomas Nash for Senate. 
 This man is a disease. 
 Martin Treadwell, the would-be assassin of former President Richard Graves, has been granted a weekend furlough in order to visit his dying mother. 
 Treadwell :  I've been waiting a long time for this. 
 RPAC summit is inviting you back again this year. 
 They're giving you the Reagan Award, sir. 
 I'm gonna announce my Senate candidacy at RPAC. 
 There's a dead man in the living room! 
 We've got to go. 
 Wait, wait, wait. His phone. 
 Isaiah :  Sammy, I like you. 
 We're never gonna be together. 
 f*ck you. 
 You belong here, Jeremy. Your own half-hour show. 
 Okay. Okay. 
 Maggie. 
 I can't. 
 Woman :  This is Erin York with "USA Today" regarding the affair between Margaret Graves and Jonathan Dalton when she was in the White House. 
 What? 
 Have you told the president? 
 Isaiah :  No, ma'am. 
 The reporter called late last night and I came straight to you this morning. 
 Good. 
 I appreciate that. 
 I'll tell Richard after the RPAC convention. 
 I don't want to worry him on his big day. 
 It's between he and I. 
 Oh, of course, ma'am. 
 (knocks) 
 What is it, Ramona? 
 Mr. Graves is looking for Isaiah. 
 All right, off you go. 
 Okay. 
 (Richard chuckles) 
 Let's see what I have here. 
 Morning, sir. 
 Oh, good morning, Isaiah. 
 Sit down. 
 I want to bend your ear for a minute. 
 I've been thinking. 
 The last few months for me, well, have been kind of a delayed mid-life crisis of sorts. 
 Oh, I wouldn't call it a crisis, sir. 
 An exploration, maybe. 
 You know, I need to put my estate in order, tie up loose ends, and make my peace with it, don't you think? 
 Yeah, well, that would be the conventional wisdom for someone your age, but things have been so unconventional for so long. 
 Are you sure you're okay? 
 You know, I've got to put the past to bed now that Margaret's really running. 
 There's something else I need from you. 
 Oh? Okay. 
 Write my acceptance speech. 
 Really? 
 (laughs) 
 For your RPAC award? 
 Something the party faithful can love. 
 Give them classic Graves, some of that red meat crap that made you want to be me. 
 I'd be honored, sir. 
 Today is all about Richard Graves up and down the line. 
 I'm outside the yearly Republican Political Action Conference, where luminaries and political junkies from across the nation will gather over the next three days. 
 The conference has come to Santa Fe to honor New Mexico's favorite son  former President Richard Graves, who will receive the annual Ronald Reagan Award in recognition of his lifetime of leadership in the Republican party, with his wife, former First Lady Margaret Graves, giving the night's keynote. 
 (blues music playing) 
 (door opens) Mortuary transfer will be here in a couple hours. Time to go. You hear me, Treadwell? Yes, I heard you. It's time to go. (theme music playing) (crowd cheering) Man :  President Graves! President Graves! I'd be lying if I told you I wasn't nervous as hell. (laughs) It's going to be great, Maggie. Honey, you're gonna be fantastic. Oh, I love seeing you like this. Like what? Like my husband. I've missed you. (reporters shouting) Okay. Hi. How are you? Nice to see you. ♪ This is the house that Jack built, y'all ♪ 
♪ Remember this house ♪ 
♪ This was the land that he worked by hand ♪ 
♪ It was a dream of an upright man ♪ 
♪ It was the room that was filled with love ♪ 
♪ It was a love that I was proud of ♪ 
♪ This is the life, the life that he planned ♪ 
♪ On a love, the same old love ♪ 
♪ In the house that Jack built ♪ 
♪ The house that Jack built ♪ 
♪ Remember this house. ♪ This Dalton affair piece now? It's really not good. Oh, no, do you think so? What do you want me to say, Lawrence? They're accusing her of having an affair with Dalton 25 years ago. Am I supposed to stand here and pretend it's not happening? That's what I said to my first boyfriend. It worked. Maggie, some good news. Just hung up with a source at "USA Today." Got a heads up that this reporter Erin York is here roaming the event trying to get a statement. Tell me that's not true. If she's here fishing, it means she doesn't have what she needs yet. Also, my source confirmed that nothing's breaking for two days. And when it does? It will be after you announce, and we'll deny the hell out of it. An old left-wing rumor that's been circulating for decades. One of many. There you go, hon. Now you're playing it. Dancing the dance. Maggie, does the president know about this Dalton piece? No. No one's gonna tell him but me. What about Jeremy and Livy? I'm Jeremy Graves, and it doesn't get more exciting than this. 'Cause this Saturday and every Saturday, I'm breaking into your house for a painful dose of the truth. Deal with it, America. Man :  And we're out. (bell rings) Unh! I want you on our air as soon as f*cking possible. This is too much, man. I mean, I'd call it a dream come true if I ever allowed myself to dream this big, which I never did. To be honest with you, I kind of just saw my future as, like, an endless succession of rehabs and manic depression and spending my trust fund. But the show, it's great. It's nuts, you know? You're nuts! Right. I mean, obviously near clinical, and let's find a way to keep you in that space. Remember. Yeah? Unhappy is your brand. Misery begets ratings. Right, but maybe we could lighten it up every once in... So, I hear your father's gonna be at the summit, huh? Yeah, I'm heading there right after this. Do me a favor. Take notes. Our first episode will write itself. Okay. (knocking on door) Agents Hill and O'Leary, ma'am. FBI Albuquerque field office. We're looking for Jeremy Graves. We have a couple questions for him about Arturo Del Rey. f*ck. Ramona :  Yes, come in, please. (rings) Jacob :  Hey, Livy. Uncle Jacob. What's going on? We need your help. Hello, friend. How are you? Okay, and, sir, you just have that lunch with your former White House cabinet. Did you finish the speech yet for tonight? Uh, almost, sir. Just polishing. Well, it better be great, Isaiah. Because this is probably the last time I'll ever speak to this crowd, so it's the final chapter. The last moment in the chapter, all right? Okay. All right. I'll catch up to you later. Okay. Finish the speech, young man. (sighs) So, you're sitting down with the Daughters of the American Revolution, but just remember that you're a woman conservative men want to sleep with and Republican women want to be. Okay. Ah, First Lady. Wow. Mr. Nash. So nice to see you. Nice? Is it really nice? Oh, come on, announce already, will you? Jeez, I am literally just itching out of my skin waiting to tussle with you. Patience, Mr. Nash. Margaret. Chet. Y'all know Chet Whitaker. Oh, of course. And, by the way, I used your Southern colloquial "y'all" since Chet here has agreed to back my primary campaign. So, we're sort of family now. You've really got your hands full with this one, Chet. I think he thinks the sun comes up just to hear him crow. Cock-a-doodle-doo. (laughs) Damn it. It's okay. Forget about Whitaker's blood money. Oh, yeah, sure. Let's forget about it. That is a great attitude, Lawrence. Well, it's better than pouting about things beyond your control. I am not pouting. My God. Ow. The two of you need to stop this. Whatever the hell is going on, you need to fix it... or find another candidate. This better all be worth it. (phone chimes) 
 
 Liv, hey. You should have seen my show set. It is so... Shut the f*ck up. Come here. Come here. What? Who are the suits? FB f*cking I. Oh, sh1t. Whatever, you didn't do anything. No, they don't want to talk to me. They want to talk to you. Me? What the f*ck? Shh! You f*cking kidding? What the hell did you two do? Can you tell us where you were the first of December, Mr. Graves? Uh, the first? Well, I was on a plane for a good portion. I was back and forth to Los Angeles for a business meeting. Do you know this man? No. You've never seen him before? Mm-mmm. His name's Arturo Del Rey. Drug dealer. Pretty high up the chain of a cartel out of Juarez. Been slipping out of the country for years. He was recently murdered. Why don't we get to what this has to do with Jeremy? Love that. A hair matching Mr. Graves' paternal DNA... dumb luck on the hit since the entire former first family's records are on file... was found at the apartment. That and a partial fingerprint on a can of spray paint. So, we can't verify it, but the coincidence... We should also mention Del Rey was on this property not too long ago. (laughs) Is something funny? No, I'm sorry. I just realized where you're going with this. So, you're telling me that this guy was here on the ranch with the hundreds of other undocumented workers who pitched a tent on our front lawn the same day that I got back from a four-year tour in Afghanistan? You know what? Actually, I do remember this guy. Now that I think about it, it's all coming back to me. Yeah, I believe we called him Latino Male 127. Jeremy. I assure you, Mr. Graves, he wasn't just a number. Del Rey was the son of Mexico's biggest drug lord, El Torron. The guy was basically a Mexican Rockefeller. Isaiah? Erin York, "USA Today." We met in DC. What are you doing here? I have nothing to say to you. I just want a comment from your boss on the Dalton-Margaret Graves piece. Even a denial? (phone rings) Hill here. Just now? They got a ping on Arturo Del Rey's burner phone. Yes, get me the warrant. Wait, where? (man singing in Spanish) My God, a Mexican Rockefeller? I mean, am I karma's bitch or what? What are we gonna do? Nothing. It's over. It's got to be over. No, that is what everybody says before people who be beefing get run up on and Glocked. Liv, I need you to stop watching drug movies. I'm f*cking serious. It makes me feel close to him. Okay, look at me. You need to pull your sh1t together 'cause you're about to meet my potential girlfriend at a time in my life where for once my future isn't a black hole of sh1t and I'm not drowning in uncertainty, okay? And I can't let anything derail me. Not this family or your dead boyfriend. Nothing. At the very least, I deserve the illusion of hope, don't I? Hey, Iz. Sammy. You look so different. Not in a bad way. I do not mean that in a bad way. (chuckles) I know, crazy, right? It's really good to see you. Yeah, it's good to see you, too. So what are you doing here? The prez invited me as his personal guest. Yeah, I guess he wanted me to hear this speech you've been writing. Oh, yeah. He says it's gonna be the best one he's ever given. Oh, no pressure there. It was nice to be invited. I'm sorry, Sammy. I'm so, so sorry. I never wanted to hurt you. But you did. I know. Believe me, I know. I really liked you. You were kind and so sweet, and that's not something I've not known too much of, you know? And it was amazing how different you were... until you weren't. Anyway... (clears throat) I'm leaving first thing in the morning. Need a change of scenery, you know? Oh, my God, really? Well... Reporters :  President Graves! President Graves! President Graves! Oh, sh1t. Oh, my God, the president. Look, I have to go. Go. We'll talk later? Yes. It's really good to see you. Just go. (music playing) ♪ Making time ♪ (beeps) ♪ Shooting lines ♪ 
♪ For people to believe in ♪ 
♪ Things you say ♪ Ms. York, wait. Okay, listen, Isaiah, I'm just trying to do my job. And you know you can't stop the story... She's a problem. ♪ Everybody leaving ♪ He's clear. Thank you. ♪ Always singing the same old song ♪ Then we're settled, Jonathan. Yes, we are, Richard, and I'm glad it all worked out. Graves :  Exactly like it was meant to. But before I forget, stay the f*ck away from my wife. What was that? ♪ Looking for ♪ 
♪ An open door ♪ 
♪ Never taking chances ♪ Thanks. Isaiah. Jonathan Dalton is going to put up the money that'll run Maggie through the primaries. Okay, but, sir, Jonathan Dalton and Mrs. Graves, there's gonna be a news story, sir. Isaiah, I've known about the affair forever. We put it to bed a long time ago. What about the article? If an article comes out, you deny it. You think you can do that? Okay. Now, come on, I want to hear that speech. Right now? Like, out loud? Yes, out loud, so I can digest what I have to say. Richard :  All right, kid, let's hear it. (microphone whines) Ladies and gentlemen, it's an honor to be here. Henry David Thoreau wrote "We are constantly invited to be who we are." Well, I was invited and I accepted. But it's not whether or not you show up that's important,  it's what you bring to the party. For many years since I was president, there's been a lot of talk about what I brought. Most of it not very flattering. And that'll really sting an old man looking back at his legacy. But you know what? That's okay. It was on the invitation and I accepted. You see, recently I had a profound epiphany of sorts. I woke up to the realization that I was too close to the end to not start living. That if I... we are to be mindful of our today, then we are duty-bound to look at our yesterday. For while it may define who we have become, the beauty of being alive is the opportunity to rewrite our story with every single breath. And my story is far from finished. There are still wrongs to be made right. So I'm not gonna put my past to bed or settle my estate. I refuse to get into the backseat of my life or fade away. There's more to do. Good I could bring to the world. Light I could shine into the darker recess of our lives. Value to being alive and having a voice. My journey, my mission, has just begun. Because, ladies and gentlemen, I was invited. And I accepted. Thank you. Jeremy. Hey. Holy sh1t. Hi. Hi. Um. Your family things are very different than mine. Thanks for coming. It's the furthest I've come for a second date, so it better be worth it. Oh, yeah, sorry. Liv, this is Tasha. Tasha, this is my sister Olivia. Hi, it's so nice to meet you. So, your daddy kills people with produce. God damn it. Sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm just no-filter space right now. Besides, baby brother tells me everything. It's a long established pattern of sibling oversharing that really works for us. Interesting. It isn't. That. I really like that. Good job. You can keep f*cking her. Thanks. Hi. Good to see me? You have no idea. Man on P.A. :  Please make your way to the main ballroom. How are you? Hi. Good to see you. Uh, here is President Graves' speech. Here you go. Oh, Erin, by the way, do what you want with the affair story. Really, it's an old rumor anyway. It'll never stick. Affair? That's just the tip of the iceberg for Margaret Graves. It's the result of the affair that we're interested in. Result? Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome former First Lady Margaret Graves. (cheers and applause) Nothing? Okay, fight the man, Maggie. Thank you. Thank you very much. What a treat this is. Today I get to stand on this stage and talk about my favorite person. My partner, my heart,  the other half of me. He also happens to be your former president, my husband Richard Graves. Margaret :  One thing you must know,  what I am most proud of is that Richard Graves didn't change for Washington. He demanded that Washington change for him. Richard always stood up no matter what. He stood up for what he believed and never wavered. When you spend your life making the tough decisions that no one, and I mean no one, wants to make, you become an easy target. My husband is my hero  because he demands that I stand up, too. My husband, your former president, granted me the gift of sharing his moment  to let you know here and now that I, Margaret Graves, am declaring my candidacy for the United States Senate to represent the great state of New Mexico in our nation's capital! Okay, now, y'all stay on your feet and help me get 'em out here...  my lights, Olivia and Jeremy! And the 2016 Ronald Reagan Lifetime Achievement Award recipient,  my very own cowboy, Richard Graves! (music playing) ♪ Trouble ♪ 
♪ Oh, trouble, set me free ♪ 
♪ I have seen your face ♪ 
♪ And it's too much, too much for me ♪ 
♪ Trouble ♪ 
♪ Oh, trouble, can't you see? ♪ 
♪ You're eating my heart away ♪ 
♪ And there's nothing much left of me ♪ 
♪ I've drunk your wine ♪ 
♪ You have made your world mine ♪ 
♪ So won't you be fair? ♪ 
♪ So won't you be fair? ♪ 
♪ I don't want no more of you ♪ 
♪ So won't you be kind to me? ♪ 
♪ Just let me go ♪ It will all be over now. ♪ I'll have to go there ♪ (gunshot) (crowd screaming) Isaiah! Oh, God! Call an ambulance! Isaiah! ♪ I've seen your eyes ♪ 
♪ And I can see death's disguise ♪ 
♪ Hanging on me ♪ 
♪ Hanging on me ♪ 
♪ I'm beat, I'm torn ♪ 
♪ Shattered and tossed and worn ♪ 
♪ Too shocking to see ♪ 
♪ Too shocking to see ♪ 
♪ Trouble ♪ 
♪ Oh, trouble, move from me ♪ 
♪ I have paid my debt ♪ 
♪ Now, won't you leave me in my misery? ♪ 
♪ Trouble ♪ 
♪ Oh, trouble please be kind ♪ 
♪ I don't want no fight ♪ 
♪ And I haven't got a lot of time ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 