Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x03 - Musa Qala - Shooter 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x03 - Musa Qala https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=787&t=30018 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 11/30/16 03:55 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x03 - Musa Qala 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Shooter"... 
 I'll confess to trying to kill the president, I planned it down to the second. All you had to do was shoot him. He was already running. You may draw your check from someone else, but you work for me. I'm here in an unofficial capacity. Did your husband ever talk to you about wanting medals? You're asking the wrong questions. Officer Timmons, how did you know he would be in that hotel room? It's a... it's a cop thing. You got him to confess? Does his wife know? You've been in contact with her? This whole thing seems off. Do yourself a favor and take your emotion out of it. Swagger has to be taken out of protective custody and put in general population. Have fun. [grunting] Aah! Swagger finally start crying? Hey, babe. You have no idea how long I've waited to hear your voice. I wish you were here. What are you gonna do? I'm gonna do what I do best. I'm gonna hunt. [indistinct shouting, horns honking] [overlapping chatter] [bell dings] [radio chattering] Find everything all right? I did. Do you have any more of these bandage rolls? All we have is what's out. I need the cap to scan. Of course. I'll take a look at this one. Hawks need the 12th man, right? I think I might have a few bandages left. Let me check. You know what? Don't worry about it. I don't need them. It'll only take a sec. [ominous music] [line trilling] I'm not gonna hurt you. Are we alone? Yes. [shotgun cocks] I know you. You're Bob Lee Swagger. Now don't move. Doris, come over here. [gulps] So you're Doris? And you are? Leo. Okay, so everybody knows each other. Now, Leo, that's a Mossberg 12 gauge, huh? I see you got that fancy pistol grip on there. It's real cool. It ain't gonna matter to you. No. No, it won't matter to me, but it will matter to Doris. The pistol grip means you sacrifice some control. It affects your spread. You're gonna get me, no doubt, but you're also gonna get your girl. Now, Leo, I don't have to tell you what a gut shot from this distance looks like. It's a mess. So why don't you and me just... [gunshot] [Doris shrieks] Both of you, sit on the floor. [Doris whimpering] Leo, I'll leave this by the door. [intense music] ♪ [phone ringing] Agent Johnson. You took a chance exposing yourself. Man, you still put all that sugar in your coffee? Never understood how you could drink it like that. Since I'm two pounds of pressure from you ruining my suit, might as well finish it. That was a hell of a play getting out of that prison. Maximum security. Impressive. Nah, it's nothing compared to how you set me up. I don't know what you're talking about. Who's paying your bills? I work for Homeland Security. Come on, man. I'm not recording this. You can drop the act. You know I got you scoped. Answer the question. I'm not gonna play this game, Bob Lee. You want to kill me? I'm guessing you're halfway into your trigger ess. If you're gonna do it, do it. Otherwise, we got to work this out. Oh, so I can trust you now. Is that it? The evidence against you is overwhelming. You're over with. From now on, you're alive because my family's alive. They get hurt, you get hurt. If something happens to them, you die. And I won't care who's responsible. Oh, come on, man. I don't want Julie and Mary to get hurt. Good. So now that we've  heard each other, what next? I figure it out: how you set me up, who else is involved, and then I bring you all down. That's not gonna end well. Not for you, it doesn't. Oh, sh1t! I'd like to welcome each and every one of you to the task force. You represent the best people from a large pool of multi-agency candidates. Congratulations. Now that I have sufficiently patted ourselves on the back, I'd like to introduce Isaac Johnson. He is Secret Service, a member of the president's Advance Team. Before that, he served three tours in Afghanistan with Bob Lee Swagger, which makes him uniquely qualified to discuss our fugitive. Agent Johnson. You've all heard by now that early this morning, I received a call from Swagger. During our brief conversation, he exhibited extreme paranoia, including the delusional belief that he's the victim of a larger conspiracy. He may be desperate and unstable, but he's still one of the best snipers in the world,  which makes him a man to be feared. For a sniper to survive, he has to learn to become invisible, to disappear into his surroundings for long periods of time. After three tours in Afghanistan, Prolific is an understatement. But the truth is his real count is closer to 390. Bob Lee's true skill is killing. And he's mastered it. So he's not just a great shooter. He's not just a man who can hide in plain sight. He's patient, he's committed,  and he's fearless. Why didn't Bob Lee kill me this morning? He knows I set him up. He trusted me as a friend. I betrayed him, lied to him, tried to have him killed. I'm still alive for the same reason he won't run. He wants to figure this thing out and make us all pay. He should've died that day, If he survives long enough, he will try to kill us all for what we've done to him. And why shouldn't he? How do we know he won't talk? How do we know he's not sitting down with some blonde reporter right now? Because I did my job well, Payne, and he doesn't have the proof. Didn't this guy used to be your friend? Once. The other reason is that he loves his family, and they're vulnerable. And that is his only weakness. So if this drags on, and we don't catch him soon, we'll use them as bait. [rustling] [clacking] Don't hit! You have to play nice. I told you to stop being so mean to Dollie. If you don't listen, I'm gonna give you both a time out. Mary, sweetheart, come here. Come sit by me. Ooh-ah! Why is Janie being so mean to Dollie? She's in a bad mood 'cause her daddy's gone too. Yeah. You know what? You should tell her that sometimes daddies have to go away, but that they always come back, just like your papa will. I want him to come back now. I know. Me too. You know what I just remembered? [gasps] It's Wednesday. It's Wednesday! That's your favorite day! It's lasagna day! What? What if I go to the store and get all the ingredients? Do you want to help me cook? Mm-hmm. Yeah? That'll cheer you up. ♪ Every day, she sees her life ♪ [phone rings] ♪ Fade away and pass her by ♪ Hello? Baby, I'm sorry you and Mary have to be dragged through this. [key turns, music stops] It's okay. You'll prove you didn't do it, and then you'll come home. We can't talk long. It's not safe. I just wanted to hear your voice. Of course it has to be lasagna night. My favorite. Then why don't you stop by? I'll be serving it up, just like always. I could always count on you to keep your routine. Where's he calling from? I don't know. He's accessed a different network. Looks like Eastern Europe. I'm just scared. You know I'll be watching out for you. No, I know that, but... it's not that. What are Mary and I supposed to do if this all drags on? Where are we supposed to go? Fewer phone calls from now on, hon. It's too risky. woman over PA system : Attention, patrons. There's a blue Prius in the parking lot with its lights left on. I'm used to being alone. I can deal with uncertainty. It's just all of this feels so unexpected sometimes... And I just...[gasps] Sorry. Seriously? I got to go, honey. I got to go. I'm going to the restroom to clean it up. You guys gonna come with? No? ♪ Baby, what are you doing here? Oh, my God, I missed you. Are you okay? Sweetheart, we don't have a lot of time, okay? Okay. How many in the store? Two. And two more outside. No, baby. There's four outside. You missed the gray Chevy. Okay. I've only been the wife of a fugitive for a few days. It wasn't enough to get a trace. Play it back. Where's Julie Swagger? Inside the store. No matter what, don't mention Isaac Johnson's name to anyone. Someone needs to know the truth. Yes, but we don't have the whole truth yet. But I can help. You're helping, Jules. Look. Look. Sam and I can get together. We can hold a press conference... Honey, they will kill you. They'll kill Mary. Okay. Dial their voices down. I want to hear background only. [rustling] woman over PA system : Attention, patrons. There's a blue Prius... What's that? It sounds like a PA system. From this point forward, everything is about protecting the two of you. Now, we have to try to get you and Mary out of the country. I don't know how yet, but I'm working on it. [voice shaking] And you... what are you gonna do? I'm gonna focus on finding the actual shooter. Play Bob Lee's. There's a woman... a woman that I know at the FBI. Nadine Memphis. Yeah, she arrested me. She seems different. I trust her. Okay. Mention the guy who says he shot at me. Timmons. Timmons. He was never there. See what she does with that. I wish Mary could've seen you. Me too. It's about to get a lot harder for her. Sweetheart, when things look bad, and they will, tell her to remember Musa Qala. Musa Qala. Okay? Don't forget. Musa Qala. Musa Qala. [on PA system] Attention, patrons. There's a blue Prius in the parking lot with its lights left on. He's there. Get inside now. I love you. I love you. [tense music] ♪ ♪ Excuse me. Just couldn't resist, huh? I don't want to hurt you, okay? [grunts] Stop fighting! All right. No protection, so cut the sh1t. Cuff yourself to that pipe. Now. [sirens wailing] Hurry! [sirens approaching] [grunts] Units 32 and 49, continue to the north side of Calvin Avenue and maintain your position. Copy that. Three minutes out. Where was he going after he left the store? What store? Let me be clear. You're moving way beyond suspect now. You're helping a fugitive to evade capture, and that pushes you into a whole new piece of real estate. My husband would never let me help him. Not even if I wanted to. What did he say after he hung up, when you two were alone? Am I under arrest? Video, no audio, if you need to say something. Kyle Timmons. Do you know him? Do you know him? The hero cop who shot at your husband? Why? He's no hero. [beeping] [phone buzzes] [jazz music playing] [speaks Russian] I need to talk to... Kasper. Alexander Prosovich gave me this number. Alexi's a hard man to reach. Yeah, well, not when you're his roommate. Who are you? I'll take message. I'm Bob Lee Swagger. You're talking to "him," Mr. Swagger. I'm sorry. I didn't know. Why should you? Just because you kill Ukrainian doesn't mean you know Russians. I hate to disappoint you, but I didn't actually shoot the Ukrainian president. Too bad, because they're going to capture you and eventually kill you and your cute little family. Alex said you might be able to help get my family out of the country. Maybe. What's it gonna take? For the hero of Russia? 100,000 even. [scoffs] That's the hero rate? I've had expenses. I think Swagger just sent me a message. You think? Either he did or he didn't. I spoke to Julie Swagger in the elevator. He wants me to look into Kyle Timmons. [sighs] Swagger's delusional. I'd like to run it out. Okay. But no matter what you find, you tell the wife you need to meet with Swagger personally. If he thinks he has a friend at the FBI, that's the opening we need to capture him. Good work, Memphis. You were right to get her to trust you. You're late. I couldn't help it. I was with Meachum. Anything I should know? He didn't tell you? That's interesting. The Russians are claiming there's a missing piece of evidence floating around. Evidence of what? Well, I don't exactly know, but it's making them very nervous. Meachum wanted to know if Dimitri had it. I gave Meachum the newspaper articles Memphis gave me so... No. No, it's something else. And since Dimitri didn't have it on him, who the hell knows? This just keeps getting better. And he wants an update on Swagger. The update is you missed him. Twice. [chuckles] You chose Swagger. Not me. The way Meachum sees it, this is starting to fall on your side of the ledger. [R&B music] If I had the chance, hell yeah. I won't miss again. I'll tell you that. Officer Timmons? I'd ask for an autograph, but I don't have any paper. You don't need paper. I'll sign whatever. Buy you a drink? No, but I'll buy you one. ♪ ♪ Uh, two of what he's having. ♪ ♪ 
 
 So I have a million questions about that day. Well, go ahead, honey. My time is yours. When did you first see Bob Lee Swagger? Right before it happened. He walked past me. Something about him stuck out. What was that? His attitude. You do this long enough, you develop an instinct. Yeah. I read he was a sniper. I always figured those guys blended in. Being a cop trains your senses. So... I'm more perceptive. Use your perception to read me. [chuckles] Come on. I want to see your superpower in action. All right. You heard what I did, and you were impressed. Yeah? Mm. You saw me on TV. You were curious. So you reached out to talk about Bob Lee Swagger. Few drinks, few laughs... Girls love a hero, right? [laughs] Amazing. Speaking of perception, I read your file, and I didn't see anything exceptional about you, your performance, or your instinct. In fact, you seem like a barely average cop to me. Uh, my file? I was curious about you. You weren't scheduled the day of the assassination, so why were you there? The president was in town. If you're available, you help out. Who the hell are you? IA? No. You don't normally work that area, do you? I went where I could be most helpful. And thank God I did. What the hell is this about? Did you really shoot Swagger, Kyle? 'Cause I'm starting to wonder. F... this. Look. If I'm wrong, I apologize. But if I'm right, you need to get out in front of this now. I can help you if you talk to me. You just did something really stupid. These people are dangerous. We can protect you, Kyle. They can cut you a deal if you agree to testify. [suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ [indistinct chatter] ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Thanks, man. Not too good at bending over with these things just yet. It takes time, man. [overlapping chatter] Hey, Big Ron. Bob Lee? What the hell are you doing here? Got myself in a little jam. I'd call it a lot worse. Ron, I didn't do it. You know me better. I thought I did. War messes up people, especially you. I was set up. I didn't do it, man. I'm giving you my word. Your word? You know how many vets commit suicide every day? We've got enough problems with our civilians looking at us as crazy and dangerous. Listen, man. I just need to buy myself some time. [paper rustling] I need this, and you're the one person I could ask. I'll give you a five-minute head-start out of respect for the Bob Lee I used to know. 22. The number of vets that commit suicide every day is 22. Sorry I came here. [tense music] ♪ ♪ [police radio chattering] ♪ ♪ Swagger, stop! It's what you asked for. I've altered your VA record to match the serial number. I didn't even think about that. Thanks, Ron. This is... It's for the lives you saved. I figured someone owed you that. Now get out of here, all right? [sirens whoop] [indistinct radio chatter] ♪ Whoa, whoa, whoa. Where are you going? The entrance is off-limits. I got to go see my counselor. I have a weekly appointment. I need to get in there. Facility's on lockdown. You won't be able to enter the grounds today. Come on, man. I need to see my counselor today. I've been prescribed this time. You can't take it from me. Can I at least go in and tell him I'm not coming? He's gonna worry. Can't let you in, brother. You'll have to leave the area now. I'm sorry. Yo, let him through. Motorcycle cleared to exit. Any sign of him at the hospital? Ugh, no. He made it out. Guy's got the luck of the Irish. What was he doing there, anyway? Agent Memphis, your brother's calling for you on line one. Always wanted a brother. Never had one until now. Memphis. Just give me one minute. That's all I need. What do you want? You talk to Timmons? Yeah. I talked to him. He was an asshole. I still didn't get anything out of him. He wasn't the guy who shot at me. Okay? You got to dig deeper. Okay. Give me something else, and I'll look into it. Or maybe you could come in,  and we would have lots of time to talk about our hero... [call ends] Hello? God damn it. What did he say? He's still stuck on Timmons. I'm starting to believe him. I mean, have you ever met a cop who happily worked overtime for no pay? Timmons isn't the story. Stay on Swagger. He trusts you. He'll call again. What did you tell her, Kyle? Nothing. I didn't say nothing. Why did she want to talk to you? I mean, I know it's not because she liked you, you drunk son of a bitch. So what did she want? I-I'll tell you everything. Just take this thing off me. Uh... no. Now, what did she want? She, uh, asked me if I... if I really shot at Bob Lee. Now why in the f... would she ask you that? Oh, I know. Because you have done nothing but shoot your mouth off about it since the day it happened. I had to act like it was real, didn't I? I mean... [voice quivering] what was I supposed to do? I don't know. Shut up, not attract attention to yourself until it was time. I've got no choice now, Kyle. I mean... this is gonna look bad. It's... you know, it's messy. [crying] No. Don't kill me. I didn't tell her anything. I wouldn't say anything to anyone. You see, your problem is, Kyle, you don't inspire a whole lot of confidence. They won't believe you! Why would I kill myself? I'm a f...... hero. For all the same reasons we chose you: because you're an angry, violent, abusive cop with a history of depression. [crying] [door opening] No. No, he was intimidated by my job. That's not the same as being married to my job. Those are two completely different things. Yeah. I'm just gonna take a shower and then eat something. I'll call you back to say good night. Ugh, I'm not trying to change the subject, Mom. I'm just... I don't know. I'm hungry and I'm dirty. Let me just... I'll call you back, okay? Okay. Mom. Okay. Bye. [sighs] [gasps] Thought we should talk face-to-face. It'd take you two seconds to get the gun back out and fire. I could hit you three times by then. Found your spare in the kitchen. I'm not gonna hurt you. I need your help. That's not the way to get it. Nothing else is working. Could you just sit? Kyle Timmons was murdered tonight. They're gonna say it was suicide, but it wasn't. How do you know this? 'Cause I found his body. It wasn't me, if that's what you're thinking. Timmons was the best chance I had to prove my innocence. It only gets harder for me from here. Trouble just follows you, I guess. I didn't ask for any of this. An old friend wanted my help, and I gave it to him. That was my mistake. The friend was Isaac Johnson. [scoffs] The story just keeps getting better and better. First a bad cop. Now a Secret Service agent with access to the president? Isaac came to me with a story about someone trying to assassinate the president. He asked me to help him figure out the best location to take the shot. But he used my footprints to frame me. Look. Let me bring you in. If this is true, you'll need protection. I need to find the actual shooter. Once I find him, I'll know how they did it. As far as the Russian side, there's a journalist, Kalyna Ordenko. She's been working on a story about... Red Hill. I know who she is. Well, then you know that her last article was published the day of the assassination, and she hasn't been heard from since. So... Russians use Americans to kill the Ukrainian president in order to what? Stage a coup? There are easier ways to kill people. Not if you want to make it look like an accident. I don't know what their objective is yet, but this took a coordinated effort between the Russians and some very high-level people in our government to pull this off. I'm innocent. I have a family that's scared. I'm one security camera away from being killed. I need your help. If I thought any of this was credible, I would help you in any way I could, but honestly, you've got a lot of speculation, and still no proof of a conspiracy. No. You're wrong. I'm living proof. ♪ [door shuts] ♪ You use the life to keep you here ♪ [gunshot] ♪ 
♪ You break your heart to make sure ♪ 
♪ That I'm aware ♪ 
♪ Sometimes you feel like a trick ♪ 
♪ ♪ Like a hangman word you know never gives ♪ 
♪ The tinfoil boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy ♪ [echoing] ♪ Boy, boy, boy. ♪ 
♪ He's a tinfoil boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy ♪ 
♪ ♪ For the tinfoil ♪ 
♪ It's times like this I feel tricked ♪ 
♪ Into waking up ♪ 
♪ Boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy ♪ 
♪ ♪ He's a tinfoil boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy ♪ 
♪ ♪ He's a tinfoil boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy ♪ 
♪ ♪ For the tinfoil ♪ Agent Johnson. Do you remember the Russian reporter Kalyna Ordenko, from the articles Dimitri Voydian hid? The ones I showed you? I remember. Did you ever connect with her? I'm trying to close out my Voydian file. I'm hoping she can give me some background. I think you're wasting your time. I spoke to her. She didn't have more intel than what she wrote. When did you talk to her? Sometime last week. Well, I should still try. What number did you reach her at? She called me. Oh. Okay. Saves me some work. Any Swagger updates? No. Uh, nothing. Okay. Let's get started. It's $3.25. [tense music] ♪ Yeah, I think the man on the front page of the newspaper just left my store. Hey. I'll have my office try to locate that reporter's contact info. Thanks. I appreciate it. If you don't mind me asking, what information are you looking for? Mr. Utey. What's up? We found Swagger. It's him. The camera quality sucks, but it's definitely Swagger. It's out of character for him. He's been cautious. Why would he stop caring about being seen now? I'll ask him when I arrest him. Look. This town is only a little more than an hour out on the west side of Mt. Baker. We got to be smart about this. Mt. Baker covers thousands of miles of forest. Swagger gets lost in those trees, it could take us months to get him back out. Wait, wait, wait. You really want to drag our feet and miss our chance? Does he have friends up there? Property? Let's find out before we go rushing up the mountain, letting everyone, including him, know we're coming. Either way, we have to be prepared for a big engagement. I think I might know a better way. He was at the Johnson Country Store in Mt. Baker less than an hour ago. Get your men and get out there. Mt. Baker? [scoffs] Well, he should be easy to find there. I'll give you the location when I have it. Just get out there now. We know where he is. What's the rush? The intel came from the FBI. Do I really need to remind you why we have to get to him first? You ever been to a church? Why? No reason. Call me with the coordinates. ♪ Hey! No. You can't come in here. Where's Mary? She's with her aunt. What the hell are you doing? You can't just come in here like this. Mt. Baker. Who does he know? I'm trying to save Bob Lee's life. Don't bullshit me. We both know the truth. Tell me exactly where I can find him on Mt. Baker. I'll arrest you as a material witness. I will swear that your sister is colluding with you, and then I will personally take your daughter away. Bob Lee always thought you were a coward. I think he was being kind. Your choice. [dialing] Hang up. Hang up! He had an old friend up there with a cabin who said he could use it whenever he wanted, but this was years ago. I don't even know if his friend is still alive. What's his name? What if I'm wrong? What if he's not there? Look. I'm telling you the truth. I don't want my huand killed. What is his friend's name? Eric Ponder. [door closes] [dark music] ♪ ♪ Stop. ♪ ♪ This don't feel right. I'm calling an audible. We're out of here. You're really gonna let Johnson just walk into this? One of the best snipers in the world is out there with a rifle that's probably pointed at you right now. I'm not dying for him today. He's in the woods. I'm sorry. I'm not clear about what you're saying. Has your schedule changed since we last spoke? [laughs] Yeah. Yeah. My schedule changed. And you might want to adjust yours, too, because it's turning out to be a killer of a day. Good luck. [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ 
♪ You want to give him a chance to give up? If he wanted to give himself up, he would've. ♪ ♪ [quiet, eerie music] ♪ All clear. [eerie music and noises] ♪ ♪ [dramatic music] [gunshots] Jesus Christ. He brought us here to kill us. Johnson, I'd move if I were you. One of the boots thinks he saw a flash. Eleven o'clock. Have your men watching. I'm gonna give him a shot. [gunshot] Let's wait him out. He's not going anywhere. ♪ [gunshot] ♪ [heart beating] [gunshot] Jesus Christ. What a mess. Why would Swagger wear a suicide vest anyway? What the hell was he thinking? He was probably thinking he didn't want to go back to prison. Bag this. Let's spread out. We need to find proof that he's dead. Agent Johnson, you'd better take a look at this. Appears to be hair and skull fragment, sir. What is that? It's a titanium hip. So that's it then? This will make it easier to confirm. There's a serial number on here that should match Bob Lee's. Congratulations. We got him. Let's wrap this up. Is Daddy dead? Listen, mouse. We have to believe in Daddy. We have to keep our hope up and pray for his safe return. Do you... do you remember the story Daddy told you about Musa Qala? Yes. Yeah? What happened there? Daddy saved Isaac's life. Daddy wanted you to remember that story. I'm not sure why, but he did. Saving Isaac wasn't the best part. No? What was the best part? Daddy had to be a ghost. [Jordan Max's "Hell"] Bag everything. Don't leave anything behind. ♪ 
♪ Sending countries to war just killing themselves ♪ 
♪ People trying to get higher while living in hell ♪ 
♪ ♪ The devil keeps trying to make us fail ♪ 
♪ ♪ You got to play with the fire to save yourself ♪ Guys, I want pictures of every square inch of this board. Take the pieces down carefully. Will do, ma'am. ♪ What you gonna do? ♪ 
♪ Watch the world fall down? ♪ What you gonna do? Watch the world fall down? ♪ 
♪ Are you brave enough to play with fire ♪ 
♪ Strong enough to put the past behind you ♪ 
♪ Who can you trust in a world of liars ♪ 
♪ When you're stuck you know the light will guide you ♪ 
♪ Remember why we're here ♪ [phone rings] ♪ Find love before we disappear ♪ 
♪ ♪ Agent Memphis. I'm trusting you with my life. You can either tell everyone I'm still alive, or you can trust your gut and let me keep trying to figure this thing out. Last time I trusted my gut, someone got killed. Then the good news is I'm already dead. ♪ Having trouble with the law ♪ 
♪ Why crucify me ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 