Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x05 - Recon by Fire - Shooter 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x05 - Recon by Fire https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=787&t=30256 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/14/16 06:02 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x05 - Recon by Fire 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Shooter"... 
 He missed. 
 He killed the Ukrainian president. We can hold a press conference and we can tell... Honey, they will kill you. They'll kill Mary. What about you? I'm gonna focus on finding the actual shooter. He knows we were targeting the Ukrainian. So what? Congratulations. We got him. Bob Lee faked his death. He had to to get the cops and the Feds off his back. Did Voydian have any connection at all to Bob Lee Swagger? Swagger was the lone gunman. How much of this is bullshit? Can you just let it go? This alcohol will kill you very pleasantly. [grunting and shouting] Shoot him! I need you alive as an asset inside the government. So, are we partners? [heavy breathing] [exclaims] Sorry. Sorry, baby. It's okay. It's okay. [moaning and heavy breathing] [sighs] [giggles] Did you set up the email? Mm-hmm. Just like you asked. [groans] Password's "kittenmouse." Baby, I'm so sorry about all this cloak and dagger stuff. Involving you, putting you at risk... I hate it. No, no, no, no, no. You don't get to say that. [whispering] I'm glad I got to see you. I am afraid to ask you what you're gonna do next. I'm going back to where it happened. The Science Center? Why? I've got to find the bullet. They have the bullet. They have the one they planted. You don't think they have both? It was a big area. There was lots of media and police and crowds... it was chaos. Don't you think Isaac already had his people search the area? It's a long shot, but I got to try, gotta get down there and reconstruct the shot. How? The bullet came from the boathouse. If the Science Center is at 12:00, the Ukrainian president was struck in the head around 10:00. But a bullet going through bone and tissue... it could be anywhere. Not anywhere. The Lapua Magnum is a 250-grain load. At 1,580 yards, it would drop roughly 380 inches from its initial path. That means that it was traveling downward. With all the mayhem, they may not have been able to find it. Anyway, I got to try. Just please remember, you're supposed to be dead. I know. I'll be careful. [tense music] ♪ ♪ How many secret hideouts do you have? It's a secret. You're such a sh1t. Baby, remember where this place is, but don't write it down. And never bring your phone. You know the world thinks you're dead, right? Yeah, and I want to keep it that way as long as possible. Do you remember when you were active... every time you'd deploy, we'd always say good-bye so casually, like you were just going to the store to get ice cream. I always wondered if it made a difference. 'Cause whenever you got on that plane, I'd cry my eyes out. It made a difference. Okay, then bye. [dramatic music] I need all the Dimitri Voydian files pulled, all his last-known associates and any documented meeting places. Okay. Thanks. All right, let's get back to work. [phone buzzing] [dramatic music] [bell ringing] ♪ ♪ [knocking on door] [football playing on TV] What's the password? You missed Swagger again. Help yourself to some room service. How much does Memphis know? She's got bits and pieces. And now she has me. Is there anything I can help you with, Johnson? I got work to do. What work? Sorry. Need to know and all that. I need to know. Meachum wants any loose ends sewn up. Wet work. Not for you. Need the fluid. We need those specific parts, because we've been working on this for a while. And that's what you said last week. I know. Yeah. It's Evan. Okay. Thank you. [Evan continues speaking indistinctly] ♪ ♪ [drill whirs] ♪ ♪ [horns honk] Yo! I got to get in there. Evan said this was a rush job. Back up. [lift whirs] ♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ Let me call you back. What are you talking about? [whirring] ♪ ♪ Hey! Hey, you, working on 916. What are you doing? I don't know, man. Looks like a full brake job to me. These rotors are shot. How do they put these things on the road in this condition? Who told you it was a full brake job? The paperwork. What paperwork? Hey, there's nothing on here that says anything about that. The one up front. The paperwork up front. Oh, you should see the ones on this side. These are a mess. Where'd you... Check out this front left. Where did you come from, anyway? From dispatch. Dispatch, huh? Yeah. You should see these ones up front. They are a mess. Never had this problem with the old cruisers. I heard nothing about dispatch. Nothing. Who are you? Oh, you got a Freon leak too. Freon leak? Hey! Get back here! Get him. Hey! [gunshot] [reloads] [gunshot] ♪ ♪ What's this? That's the bullet that killed the Ukrainian president. The real bullet. Right, your text from earlier. Seattle PD cruiser 916. This bullet looks undamaged. Hardened polymer. I put it into a steel water tank, and there's not even a scratch. That's master armorer work. And it's illegal. Got any connections at the ATF? [sighs] I hope this leads somewhere, 'cause it took me three months to get rid of this guy. So you're a heartbreaker? [scoffs] ♪ ♪ That's... that's very sweet. Thanks. Of course. Yeah. As soon as I get in the office. Okay. Yeah. Uh-huh. Hey, you know what... okay, thanks, David. Talk soon. [sighs] I think I just got engaged. He says they've just started tracking bullets like these. He thinks they're coming out of a Second Amendment outfit called The Tree of Liberty, but there's no proof. You got anything on them? Militia group. Ex-military and well armed. They have a campsite outside of Spokane. ATF just started drone surveillance, trying to build their case. But everyone's afraid of another Waco, so they keep their distance. All right, well, dig up any information you can. I got to talk to them. What's your boy's name? David Hall. All right, text me his number. I might need it. I mean, I just said there are drones in that airspace. If those bullets are coming out of there, I need to get in. Now. Aside from the damage to the cruiser, I couldn't figure out what he was digging into. All right. Well, you did the right thing. I'll take all the information back to Homeland, but there's nothing to worry about. You know, I'd swear on my mother's life that was Bob Lee Swagger. Didn't you say he stole some tools? Probably just a junkie looking to sell them to get high. Swagger's been in the news a lot. The mind plays tricks. Hey, thanks. All right. [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ Mikey : What are we doing here? Memphis : Tracking down all of Dimitri Voydian's connections. That's odd. A restaurant that's closed for lunch? I think we've got blood. Ready? ♪ ♪ Who do you think did this? ♪ ♪ Let's wrap this up quickly. I don't need Herring riding my ass again today. I read the report about Dimitri Voydian's guys. Sounds like a bloodbath. Well, you know the Bratva. They like to sign their work. I head Agent Memphis was first at the scene. How'd she take it? I think she's losing it. Here's another insert for Simon. This morning it was dead Russians and some big conspiracy, and now she's got a hard-on for the Tree of Liberty Militia. Those clowns in Spokane? What do they have to do with this? Who knows? But she did access all of their files. I wouldn't worry about it. Tomorrow she'll say my grandmother took the shot. ♪ ♪ [unintelligible chatter] Good afternoon. That sign at the road says "private property." Can't you read? If you guys are looking to keep people out, your perimeter's weak. Damn dog. Take off that hat. Do it! Ain't gonna ask you again. All right. Holy sh1t, we got us a dead man. I heard about your cause. I thought I might find some friendly faces. What did you hear about our cause? That some good men decided to let the government know we're not all sheep. That's right! I can see I was right. Joey, back up before he takes your rifle from you. You can show them a hundred times how it's done, and as soon as it gets real, it all goes to sh1t. Ain't that right, Swagger? [chuckles] Welcome to the Tree of Liberty. You're home. At ease, boys. Guys, I'm not here for trouble, and I'm unarmed. We'll have to change that, won't we? Nothing quite like old American iron. We were taking bets you faked your death. Smart play. Yeah, it's kind of hard to make moves when you've got the Feds all over you. I'm glad you found your way here. Real honor to have Bob Lee Swagger with us. How do we even know he is the real Swagger? Could be a look-alike the Feds are using as a plant against us. Sorry about my little brother here. He loves his conspiracies. Hey, it's not wrong to be suspicious. [cheers and applause] [chuckles] You're Bob Lee Swagger, all right. Damn, you can shoot. If you're so great, how come you missed the president? 'Cause I didn't take that shot. I was framed. The real assassin used this bullet. Ward, Kyle, please escort our friend here to the rec room. Keep him there. I respect you, Swagger, but if you're looking to screw us, you will regret it. [tense music] ♪ ♪ I got it. You think I can't handle my own duty bag? Maybe I'm just being a gentleman. Oh, thanks, Mikey. [scoffs] Guess who's getting married today? [suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ I don't know, Payne. One of your ex-boyfriends from prison? Cassie's sister, Angela. You remember Cassie. She was the hostage that you killed. Is this your version of psy-ops? You suck at it. "Dear Cass, I don't have a maid of honor for my wedding because I'm honoring your memory." She says "honor" twice, but you get the idea. It was an accident, and I made my peace with it. I made my peace with her family. What about you, Payne? Think you'll ever make yours? Why would I need to make peace? How about a restaurant full of dead Russians? You got the rose? And you didn't even say anything? What's your deal, Payne? You sweet on me? You think I'm the one who got away.. Literally? Do you think you'll cry at Swagger's funeral? I-I don't think so. But you might at his wife and daughter's. [phone buzzing] ♪ ♪ [grunts] Got you, asshole. What the hell, Memphis? ♪ ♪ 
 
 So, how, exactly, did you come by this bullet? That bullet unties my noose. I need to know who you sold it to. I got some bad news for you, Marine. You gave us quite a scare. I thought we had a breach of security. But that bullet that you brought didn't come from us. Where do you get these? We make them ourselves. The ATF knows about the bullets sold in stores. What we needed was a new kind of round, one that they wouldn't be able to predict. Don't tell him what we're working on. Joey, I'm running things. Not you. Is that clear? Bob Lee is not a threat. He's spilled more blood for freedom than you ever will. My kid brother here's got a messed up eye. Can't shoot worth his sh1t. But he's a wizard with the Internet. Runs our message boards for us and keeps in touch with the brothers and sisters that can't make it here. You guys got a lot of followers? We're going to soon. And then what's the plan? Guerilla warfare. Federal government's been closing in on Americans like a vice... every year a little bit more. Somebody has got to stand up. Second Amendment calls for a well-armed militia, and that's us. If they think they can create a One World Government, they're gonna have another thing coming. Yeah, but where do you get the materials, though? This can't be store-bought. We got a guy that makes that stuff for us. Crazy old kook up in Idaho. But he supports the cause. What's his name? Ah, sorry, Swagger. Operational security. That polymer supply is too valuable to lose. Understood. All right, then. You're welcome to stay as long as you want. We could use another long gun. Joey here, he'll set you up. You're safe with us, Swagger. [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ [gunshot] [blues guitar music] [reloading gun] ♪ ♪ [gunshot] [gun reloads] ♪ ♪ [gunshot] All right. You've got to stabilize the rifle. Tuck the stock into your shoulder. Now use your non-shooting hand to hold it tight. You want the rifle to feel like it's part of you. After that, it's all about your breathing. Block out everything else. Focus on the cross hairs and the target. Now at the very end of your exhale, you hold, then gently pull the trigger. All right. Range is hot. Send it. [shell clinks] [gun reloads] [James laughs] [gunshot] Man, I told you he couldn't shoot for sh1t. His technique is good. He just needs time. Great shooters are at the range every day. It's practice, not instinct. Time ain't gonna help. Every person plays their part. Joey's here ain't behind a gun. Hey, you forgot to secure your weapon. When are you leaving? We got sh1t to do, and you're not a part of it. Don't worry. I'm leaving. Whatever you're planning, it's not my business, but I just don't see an endgame. When free men realize that they have a place in this world, they'll come. And then what? If the Tree of Liberty gets big enough, they'll have to listen. Good men have been laying down for too long. It's time to stand up. How old are you, Joey? 17. Why? You go to high school? sh1t. It's just another form of indoctrination. It's also a pretty good place to meet girls. Listen, man. All I'm saying is, there's a lot more life out there. My brother needs me. Family's important. I get it. But don't get so caught up in your brother's story that you lose your own. All right, I'm gonna hit the head and split. Which way is it? Makeshift latrine's two buildings over. [suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ sh1t. [phone ringing] Agent Hall, ATF. Hey, man, you know those Tree of Liberty guys? They're planning something big. Who is this? I used to believe in James Richards, man, but I don't know... they got a van full of explosives, dude. This ain't what the Tree's about. Sir, I'm gonna need your name and location. Hello? Hello? [sighs] Hey. How soon can we get a surveillance team together? ♪ ♪ Where you been, Swagger? Isn't the bathroom back there? You think we're stupid? I know you saw what we've got. Okay, man, whatever you guys are planning, I'm sure you got good reason for it. But it's got nothing to do with me. So I'm just gonna push on. You can't win a war that hasn't started. People need to wake the hell up, and we're gonna wake them. Joey, we got a situation. You got eyes on Swagger? God damn right, I do. What's the matter? Bring him to the armory. I caught him outside with a rifle in his gear. He's a Fed. You know him? Yep. He's been hunting me since I escaped from prison. Thought I lost him when I faked my death. It's like I've been telling you. I only came here to arrest Bob Lee. The rest of you guys aren't my concern. Shut up, redcoat. Don't you see? Swagger cut some kind of deal. We take him in, he gets the lay of the land, then calls the Feds. I just caught him snooping in the garage. He saw everything. So, what, is that your play, Swagger? Let me ask you a question. Was he alone? You ever see a Fed operating like that? Those boys can't take a sh1t without getting three approvals. And I don't know what this asshole's up to, but if he were legit, he wouldn't be out here alone. My guess is he's trying to be a hero. Look, we can negotiate a solu... [grunts] What did I say about talking? You know what? It's time to water the tree. I got a better idea. Why don't we have a little fun? Could walk him down range and have some target practice. ♪ ♪ All right. Sounds good to me. Let's paint a bull's-eye on him. At 800 yards. Nah, 800's too easy. Let's do a mile. Payne's getting bolder. I can't protect you. The FBI thinks Bob Lee's dead. There's no threat to you, according to the official narrative. But according to your narrative? You heard about the Russian killings? Yeah. When Bob Lee survived, it was great for you, but bad for everyone who set him up. Now a lot of nervous people are trying to clean up their mess, and you and Mary are part of that. And this guy works for the people who did it to us? Yes. And I think it's best that I put you guys in the wind for a while. You live with a sniper long enough, you learn a few things. Can't take any shots with your back turned. So, why don't we put Payne in the wind? See how he likes it. Julie? Julie, hold on. [whistles] We're rolling. Get her on. Get her on. Mrs. Swagger, do you still believe your husband was innocent? Bob Lee didn't do any of this. He's not some crazy assassin, and he didn't try to kill the president. And before you write me off as some crazy wife who's in denial, I would ask that you would review the same files the FBI is reviewing right now. Who is that? Does the FBI have another suspect? His name is Jack Payne, and the FBI believe that he could be the actual assassin. So if any of you have any information about him or his whereabouts, I encourage you to please report them to Special Agent Nadine Memphis. She's available for your questions. Agent Memphis, is the FBI pursuing alternate theories about the assassination? Can you tell us anything? Um... the FBI will not comment on any ongoing investigation... [stammers] At this time. So the investigation is still open? No comment. [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ [unintelligible chatter] Let's get this thing in the air as soon as possible. You gonna tease this out? Maybe I'm tired. Maybe my hip hurts. Maybe I just like seeing you suffer. You're not really gonna go through with this. You crawled out here alone in a ghillie suit with a suppressed weapon. You expect me to believe you're on a rescue mission? We deal in lead. Grow up. [grunts] You know, I always thought I'd die in a gun fight. You were half right. In another world, I would've shot you the minute I saw you. But these guys have a van-load of bad sh1t, and they're planning on using it. I can't let that happen. So why don't you untie me and let me help? Oh, sorry, Captain. Call me crazy, but I don't trust you. Hopefully Richards isn't as good a shot as he thinks he is, but I've been wrong about people before. All right. Let's do this. ♪ ♪ You ready, or you need some time to catch your breath from that little walk? I'm good, Joey. On scope, range is exactly 1,625 yards. [James humming] You Navy boys always could hum. [gunshot] Damn it! Should've accounted for a half-factor wind. Seems like a rookie mistake for a sniper of your caliber. We've got picture. 10 to 12 structures. I count one, two... five areas obscured by cover large enough to store ammonium nitrate or other explosives. See a van? No, sir. Just this group of three males shooting long arms. Get in closer. See if we can ID them. Watch how the Navy does it, Jarhead. [man chuckling] [gun reloads] I bet you 500 you don't get any closer than I did, even with your fancy bullet. [laughs] All right. You're on. But I don't want to hear any whining about the bullet after I plug this piece of sh1t. [gunshot] Damn it. Just short. Next one won't be. Hey, that asshole came out here to erase me. At least give me the chance to return the favor. All right. Fine. But don't miss. ♪ ♪ What the hell are you waiting for? I'm not waiting. We've got company. [gunshot] Sir, we lost picture. [rock scraping] [grunting] Interference? No, sir. Shot down. All right. We're hot. Let's go. We're moving out. [rock scraping] Joey, everything's fine. You know what to do. We've been compromised. Everybody to your positions. Come on, man, we're on the same side. Oh, is that right? I've seen you shoot, Swagger, and you don't miss, even from a mile. I'm thinking maybe my brother was right about you. Your brother's about to make a terrible mistake. My brother's about to go down in history, just like you. I don't get it, Swagger. I welcomed you with open arms. The Tree of Liberty... [grunting] What are you doing, man? The ATF is closing in. You should get your people out of here. I refuse to die at the hands of a bureaucrat, and so should you. [men shouting] [gunfire] ♪ ♪ [gunshot] ♪ ♪ Come on. Get out. Get out! Let me finish it! It was finished the day your brother filled this van. Stay low. I'll put down cover fire. You'd better get the hell out of here. Are you letting me go? Where's my brother? ♪ ♪ Did you kill him? I let him go. He said you'd know where to meet him. O'Brien. That's the name of the guy who sold us the polymer. He had a weird first name. Rathford? Yeah. You know him? All right. Head south. Find the river. Get on the outer banks, and keep going till you get to Kingston, okay? Go! [gunshots] [gunfire] [moaning] [phone ringing] Hello? I'm out. He got away. Do you have any idea where Payne is right now? I heard he and Swagger are having pancakes at IHOP. Why don't you meet them? [laughs] Oh, by the way, I hope you like the rain. You're on special assignment at Homeland's Northwest Regional Office. Before you can argue, it's already done. You're with me until this is over. It is over. This thing just blew up in our faces. Kid, it hasn't even gotten bad yet. His name is Jack Payne. The FBI believes he could be the actual assassin, and if any of you have any information about this man or his whereabouts, I encourage you to please report it to special agent Nadine Memphis. Agent Memphis, is the FBI pursuing alternate theories about the assassination? Can you tell us anything? Can I have the room? Homeland, CIA, DIA, and every other three-letter agency in the DC area is asking questions about your conspiracy. Congratulations, Memphis. Not only have you embarrassed yourself, you've embarrassed this entire bureau. I had no idea she was gonna react that way. You disclosed information about an ongoing investigation. You're right, but I know I'm on the right side of this. Getting more agencies and the press to start an investigation is gonna help us solve this case. This case is solved. This case was solved when Swagger blew himself up. I was the last friend you had in this building. [Sevdaliza's "The Valley"] ♪ ♪ 
♪ Mama said baby don't cry ♪ 
♪ You'd better dress up and be a big girl ♪ 
♪ Mama I'm scared of livin' livin' livin' ♪ 
♪ Is Daddy gonna drive us up the hill? ♪ Hey, Nadine. ♪ Daddy done lost his mind ♪ I heard you wanted to see me. ♪ Heaven or hell it's the same ♪ 
♪ Fire in the burning eyes ♪ 
♪ Big boys cry without the shame the shame the shame ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 