Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x06 - Gentle And Soft: The Story Of The Blue Jean Committee (Part 1) - Documentary Now! 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x06 - Gentle And Soft: The Story Of The Blue Jean Committee (Part 1) https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=403&t=22624 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 09/26/15 20:37 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x06 - Gentle And Soft: The Story Of The Blue Jean Committee (Part 1) 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [lively instrumental music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Good evening. 
 I'm helen mirren, And you're watching "documentary now!" season 50. 
 Some rock bands endure for decades; Others are gone in an instant. 
 But every so often that instant Creates music that lasts forever. 
 Please enjoy tonight's film Gentle & soft: The story of the blue jean committee. 
 - Hey! We're the blue jean committee! 
 [lively rock music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
♪ gonna dance around the city ♪ 
♪ sing a song just like a southern melody ♪ 
♪ mama, you're a dancer ♪ 
♪ you're a dancer ♪ 
 A band like blue jean committee, That only comes once in a lifetime. 
 Those were amazing shows, And the people that are there Really marked the times in their life By the time they spent watching blue jean committee. 
 For the two years that record was popular, It was like fleetwood mac "rumours." 
 Every song was a single, And every single was great. 
 I was completely blown away by that record. 
 We'd all tried to capture that thing, But they really got it. 
 That was the quintessential california record. 
 "catalina breeze," 
 The fantastic album of the '70s In that moment, they were on top of the world. 
 ♪ baby, you're a dancer ♪ 
♪ oh, baby ♪ 
♪ dancer ♪ 
♪ freeway, ride me along ♪ 
♪ freeway, ride me along ♪ 
 The sonic quality of the music Is real tranquil and placid and relaxing, And it is really in conflict with their actual relationship, Which was extremely bombastic and--and aggressive. 
 As sisters, you know, we love each other, And, like, when we listen to that music, Like, we feel the love. 
 Like, there was love there at one point. 
 You know, you can't make music like that And not, you know, love each other. 
 [vocalizing] 
 ♪ gentle ♪ 
♪ gentle ♪ 
♪ and soft ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
 [whirring] 
 Morning. Morning. 
 In all of the pictures and everything In the magazines I used to read and to be in 'em, That's really something. 
 You go, "well, you know, there's someone I admire. 
 There's someone I admire, And what's--what's my mug doing in there?" 
 So that was, uh, really nice, And it's very, uh, very thankful for every moment That someone said something nice. 
 It meant a lot to me. 
 You don't mind the camera's here, right? 
 Yep. 
 [laughs] 
 So, uh, it was-- it was a good feeling. 
 My name is gene, I live in, uh, chicago, And apparently you guys are interested in talking to me About the blue jean committee. 
 Yeah, it's a glamorous job. 
 You know, you do it for the love of it. 
 Yeah, I'm not mad at clark. 
 You know, I mean, to be honest, I mean, I haven't thought about him in quite a few decades. 
 Perfect. 
 I've got a lot of good memories, But, uh, as far as, you know, Thinking about what clark is like, It's been a long time since I've, uh, really thought about him. 
 I hadn't seen him in a long time. 
 Oh, we got this house in, uh, '98. 
 It's my money. I bought all this. 
 I bought all these guys out. 
 I'm trying to buy that guy out, 'cause, see--see how his telephone pole Is obstructing my view of the ocean? 
 If you're sitting here, I can't see the ocean from here, So I got to knock all that out. 
 Fame is--it's nice. 
 I mean, fame is a good thing, you know? 
 I live here. 
 Got my nice house. 
 It's--it's all been worth it. 
 When I look at what I've got, I say, "thank god I thought up This blue jean committee thing." 
 They had such a sound. 
 I remember the first time I heard it. 
 I was driving down pch, top down, Heard this thing; it was like nothing I'd ever heard before, And yet everything about california All at the same time. 
 They somehow captured everything we'd all been after. 
 And I was blown away. 
 I said, "where the heck did this music come from?" 
 [laid-back jazzy music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Well, I'm chicago born and bred. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 People always said I was a bit of a handful, Which was probably a nice way of saying I was a little dickhead. 
 My pop was the foreman at the old vienna beef factory Over on north damen. 
 My parents both worked at Schwenke's sausage and rendering. 
 That's where they met. 
 Schwenke's is the best. 
 Mom did, uh, quality control. 
 She took it real serious, And my dad worked on the line. 
 He was a packer. 
 I used to, uh, play with the hairnets; To bring 'em back home. 
 But mostly I liked playing music. 
 My earliest memories were, uh, loving all the doo-wop groups. 
 This is going back a long ways, you know. 
 Doo-wop is, uh... 
 It's--it's not just oldies; It's ancienties. 
 So, uh, me and clark, we met at sausage school, And, uh, we knew each other from, you know, The hallways and stuff. 
 I saw him here and there, And, uh, think he was, uh, kind of a trouble-maker. 
 I was on the wrestling team. 
 Pee-wee state champ, 102-pound division, Three years running. 
 Thank you. 
 In school I'd play little assemblies and stuff, And I'd play for everybody, And I'd play, uh, "glad all over" 
 By the dave clark five. 
 You know, and I loved being on the wrestling team. 
 The wrestling team was a great thing, But wha--what the problem was, I started noticing That the guys with the guitars were getting more chicks Than the guys in the team, Which, you know, I didn't like. 
 So one day clark finally comes up to me, First time he'd said anything to me, And he says, "hey, you're in my group now." 
 I don't think there was one moment When gene and I decided to become a band, To be honest with you. 
 It happened very organically. 
 I said, "okay, we're in a group now. 
 Uh, can I go down the hall?" 
 He says, "no. 
 We're in a group now, starting now." 
 I said, "okay." 
 [laughs softly] 
 So we dropped out of sausage school to play music. 
 [groovy rock music] 
 Uh, mom and dad didn't like the music thing. 
 You know, now their little eugene skrowaczeski Is gene allen, And he's singing all these ootsie-tootsie songs To a bunch of dopers on the north side. 
 Me and my gals pals thought it was pretty cool, though. 
 I think derene berezowski blew him, Or at least a tug job of some kind took place there. 
 First time I heard gene & clark, I was just coming out of philadelphia And was living in new york and traveling-- 
 Just starting to tour all over the world. 
 I wouldn't call it a brand-new sound, But it was so much of its-- of its time. 
 And I was going, "okay, man, these guys, I think maybe they have a future." 
 [laid-back jazzy music] 
 Me and clark, we just went out and we played, uh, You know, open mics and diners and pizza places And wherever would have us. 
 And so we--so we, "we got to-- got to find a recording studio. 
 We got to--you know, where we gonna do this thing?" 
 In chicago there wasn't a lot of places, So, uh, I booked us some studio time in this little place Over on the north side, capstone studios. 
 The original capstone studios Was open in 1967 at the corner of clybourn and halsted. 
 No, it was halsted and north. 
 No, it was right there where clybourn does that little jog. 
 It's a fedex kinkos now. 
 Fedex kinkos is one block up on halsted and clybourn. 
 We were one block down on halsted and north, Where the boston market is now. 
 There's not a boston market at the corner Of clybourn and north. 
 Not now, no, But there was one, And now it's a-- what do you call it-- 
 A panera bread corporation. 
 The panera bread is at the corner Of clybourn and halsted, And that is a fact, case closed, next subject. 
 There's a pretty funny story About where the name comes from, You know, the-- the blue jean committee. 
 We saw, uh, "easy rider," 
 And we thought, "well, that's kind of--of a good look. 
 "we should wear some blue jeans, "look like some, you know, regular guys, But still with some style." 
 So we went to marshall field's and we got, uh... 
 What they now refer to as a canadian tuxedo, right? 
 A bunch of dungarees and jeans, And, uh, looked pretty good. 
 So we stroll into our first session at capstone, All excited. 
 So these guys walk in, I says, "who sent you? The blue jean committee?" 
 I just go ka-bap. 
 Just punched them, You know, right in the mouth. 
 Put me in the hospital. 
 Completely flattened his nose, Gave him a concussion. 
 Yeah, nerve damage. 
 I'm still numb from here to here. 
 The funny thing is, a couple days later, Clark comes into the same exact room and says, "you know what we should call ourselves? 
 The blue jean committee." 
 He had a point. What can I say? 
 When you're right, you're right, you know? 
 Gene had this vision For this album that really transported people To chicago. 
 I wanted people to-- to really feel chicago And smell chicago and--and, uh, We just wanted to be a good chicago blues band. 
 Let's put it that way. 
 [bluesy music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [clunky, out-of-tune blues music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
♪ chicago ♪ 
♪ oh, whoa, whoa ♪ 
♪ chicago ♪ 
♪ oh, whoa, whoa ♪ 
♪ chicago ♪ 
♪ chicago ♪ 
♪ oh, whoa, whoa ♪ 
♪ can I get a couple of beers ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ hey, miss ♪ 
 [guitar tuning] 
 You should tune that up a little bit. 
 ♪ one, two, three, four ♪ 
 So we cranked out two records, lickity split: Our debut "st. Stanislaus' matinee"... 
 ♪ hey, miss ♪ 
♪ can I get a beer ♪ 
♪ and then a couple of beers ♪ 
♪ hey, miss ♪ 
 
 
 
 Then in February of '72, uh, Put out "221 pulaski parkway." 
 We had "wind off the lake" and "goodbye, dan ryan," uh... 
 "lip service." 
 That's--that's about mustaches. Uh... 
 ♪ lip service ♪ 
♪ watch out ♪ 
♪ for that lip service ♪ 
♪ uptown, downtown ♪ 
♪ everybody's steamin' ♪ 
♪ in the outskirts and in the in-skirts ♪ 
♪ everybody's steamin' ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
 And it tanked, big-time. 
 It tanked, you know, and we had, uh, Financed it ourselves. 
 That's the hard part. 
 We were out of cash, Up to our eyeballs in remaindered lps. 
 I think it hit clark pretty hard. 
 Oh, things got bad. 
 Clark, he holed himself up In this little apartment Over at wabash and cullerton. 
 Tried to drink himself to death. 
 Wabash and cermak. 
 Cullerton. 
 We're not going through this again. 
 I went to a dark place, man. 
 Drinking and druggin'. 
 I was paying for s*x. 
 I'm walking out of bennie's With a 12'er of old style, When I saw the most beautiful sight. 
 I saw two seagulls cruising along. 
 [tranquil acoustic guitar] 
 They got me thinking about the ocean and the sand And beach balls and, you know, stuff like that, And, you know, for the first time in a while I felt good. 
 Wasn't till I sobered up that I realized That the birds were pigeons, but... 
 You know, who gives a sh1t? 
 I mean, it's a better story with seagulls. 
 Then clark called me and said that We're gonna have a meeting. 
 He says, "you know what? 
 [bleep] chicago." 
 I said, "nobody says '[bleep] chicago.'" 
 And he says, uh, "california. 
 We're gonna be a california band." 
 [dramatic organ music] 
 [laid-back rock music] 
 California was the vibe. 
 You know, feeling the breeze and the air And the sun on your skin. 
 You know, that kind of sh1t, you know? 
 Write music about that. 
 It's not that hard. 
 Uh, you know, people often mention How the beach boys didn't surf, And they sang all these songs about surfing, you know? 
 I--I mean, I think it's an interesting analogy To the blue jean committee who wrote about living in california While residing in chicago. 
 "california," I said, "you know, we're not even from there. I don't know what to-- you know, what are we gonna write about? hills and--and grapes? Wine? I don't know." 
 I--I just--I knew beer and blues. 
 The fact of the matter is no one gave a sh1t about chicago. 
 I mean, we're not making any money. 
 Everything was about california at the time. 
 I mean, that's just where the money was. 
 So then, uh, clark says he'll write the songs if he has to. 
 I mean, we had nothing. 
 We had no songs and no album. 
 So we're, uh, you know, stuck on an island, in a way. 
 We're just stuck out there in chicago With, uh, some kind of half-baked plan, And then, uh, what changed everything Was meeting, uh, alvin izoff. 
 [lively percussion] 
 That name means a lot, And when you're hungry in the music business, That's who you want to talk to. 
 He was the biggest manager in the world at the time. 
 If anybody can make this happen for us, It was gonna be him. 
 He was california music. 
 Yeah, izoff, I'd call him a world-class asshole for sure. 
 Clark had gotten a tip from a pal of ours Who worked at, uh, o'hare. 
 He was a skycap. 
 Alvin izoff had been coming into chicago. 
 He was trying to sign peter cetera. 
 Clark got an idea that we should camp out at terminal 3, Just wait. 
 And, uh... 
 We just waited. 
 I leave baggage claim at o'hare airport. 
 I hop in the bock of my limo. 
 Suddenly the door flings open, And this lunatic hops in, waving a cassette tape. 
 He was scared shitless. He's a little guy. 
 Little guy. 
 He said, "who are you?" 
 And I go, "I'm your next star. 
 Shut up. Listen to the tape." 
 I had my forearm on his neck like that. 
 Gets in my face and says, "teach me how to be a california pansy." 
 Then we hit him with our vocal warm-up, Which was on the tape. 
 One, two, three, four. 
 ♪ kielbasa ♪ 
♪ kielbasa ♪ 
♪ kielbasa ♪ 
♪ kielbasa ♪ 
♪ kielbasa ♪ 
♪ kielbasa ♪ 
♪ kielbasa ♪ 
 [tape clicks] 
 Boy, could they sing. 
 And you could see in his eyes The guy saw money, you know what I mean? 
 My big thing was reinventing a band's image. 
 The band shreveport, remember them? 
 I totally changed their look. 
 The whole california thing, however, Was a major issue. 
 You got to remember, We'd never even been there. 
 I gave up after about six hours. 
 I said, "[bleep] it, let's just fix the wardrobe." 
 [upbeat rock music] 
 [camera shutter clicks] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [somber music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Word on the street was that me and gene Had gone vegetarian. 
 Which was not true. 
 And in chicago that's a death sentence, you know? 
 You can get away with insulting A lot of things in this city, Because we're a liberal town. 
 Yeah, but don't insult the sausage. 
 Then my cousins caught wind of it, And they went bonkers and firebombed my apartment, Almost killed me and the girl I was banging at the time. 
 I mean, it was nuts. 
 Yeah, that was a scary time. 
 It's the first time in my life I ever wanted to get out of chicago. 
 And, uh, that was the key to everything. 
 And so we had to hole up in the studio. 
 It was the only place we were safe, Which was a weird blessing in disguise Because that let gene, His little dweeb mind of his Was able to come up with something, And that--that became the "catalina" record. 
 Every song on that record is incredible. 
 Yeah. 
 Every single one. 
 I mean, like, now it's, like, Everyone talks about, like, "what are the singles on your record?" 
 I mean, every song on that record could have been a single. 
 Was a single. 
 It's like... 
 I don't even know how they chose. 
 Monday night we roll tape. 
 [guitars noodling] 
 You know, alvin's trying to mess with our clothes And our look and everything. 
 I--I thought, "what about the sound?" 
 I love music, and I want to break down What that sound is. 
 I found it, the harmonies and the vibe of the whole thing, And, uh, somehow the lyrics were there too. 
 ♪ wiseman say if you want to know a man ♪ 
♪ walk a mile in his shoes ♪ 
 You know, what's crazy is it was so fast. 
 You know, it was-- it was one night, you know? 
 And we were exhausted. 
 And gene just wouldn't stop. 
 They recorded six number one hits In 72 hours. 
 Not just the hits, but, like, the whole record. 
 ♪ weather gets rough ♪ 
♪ yeah ♪ 
♪ strap 'em on, lace 'em up ♪ 
♪ put on my walking shoes ♪ 
 The songs just started coming. 
 It was like gene had flipped a switch. 
 "walking shoes," 
 "she's going to hollywood." 
 "montecito memories." 
 You got "hibiscus." 
 They had "funny feeling." 
 "satin symphony." 
 "gentle & soft." 
 "gentle"-- I mean... 
 All career-making songs. 
 And I needed something that distinguished me From everybody else, Not just in bjc, but everybody else in the game. 
 So we were laying down vocal harmonies. 
 You know, a standard issue way Is the singer sings a fifth, he sings a seventh, But that--it sounds like everybody else. 
 Nothing unique in that. 
 No, and then clark found his own thing. 
 It was magical. 
 It was like a signature sound. 
 - I don't know, I just-- I just kind of bare down When I get up there. 
 I can sing pretty high, you know? 
 [clark singing high-pitched falsetto] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Seemed as if it was being sung By a woman-- 
 Like a really young, very waifish small girl. 
 Didn't want to let clark hear that. 
 No, you don't let him hear that. 
 You'd have a boot up your ass real fast. 
 Falsetto is a very phallic form of singing, Just very-- it's a very manly-- 
 It's very, "yeah!" 
 Got a lot of confidence, Got a lot of strength. 
 "catalina breeze." 
 That's one for the ages. 
 It's just the perfect album For that time. 
 It summed up all our lives. 
 One, two, three, four. 
 [laid-back guitar strumming] 
 ♪ ♪ 
♪ tv says you got them high-class blues ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ seems the caravan to aruba ♪ 
♪ is not the road that you would choose ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ a barstool intellectual ♪ 
♪ with a master's degree in small talk ♪ 
♪ and going to the movies ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ catalina breeze ♪ 
♪ catalina ♪ 
♪ catalina breeze ♪ 
♪ catalina ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ ha ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
 [audience] bjc! Bjc! Bjc! 
 [cheers and applause] 
 "catalina breeze," 
 That's a song for the ages. 
 ♪ catalina breeze ♪ 
♪ catalina ♪ 
♪ catalina breeze ♪ 
♪ catalina ♪ 
 I suppose in retrospect, It's predictable that this was going to self-combust When you have one guy in the band doing everything And the other guy just singing high. 
 ♪ catalina breeze ♪ 
♪ oh ♪ 
♪ catalina breeze ♪ 
♪ oh ♪ 
 Okay! 
 ♪ ooh ♪ 
♪ ooh, ooh ♪ 
♪ ooh, ooh ♪ 
♪ ooh, ooh ♪ 
♪ oh, oh, oh, oh ♪ 
 [cheers and applause] 
 All right. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 