Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 03x05 - Heavy Boots - Ripper Street 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 03x05 - Heavy Boots https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=548&t=24728 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/06/14 19:21 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 03x05 - Heavy Boots 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Where is she? 
 Who? 
 My daughter that you had me believe was dead! 
 Think on what you do. 
 There is hell to be raised, Fred, and I am to raise it. 
 Where The Ripper did his work my daughter now follows. 
 Who am I? 
 You are my daddy. 
 [Crying] 
 [Sigh] 
 This is everything you need, Ronald Capshaw named in the transaction of U.S. bearer bonds to pound sterling. 
 I come for you. 
 [Gunshot] 
 I'm shot. 
 [Conversation and laughter] 
 ♪ Edmund Reid was a man of Whitechapel ♪ 
 [Cheering] 
 ♪ With a vow to protect all the streets and their people ♪ 
♪ Dreamed this cursed place was a place he might save ♪ 
♪ So raise up your glass ♪ 
♪ To the fight that he gave ♪ 
 [Cheering] 
 ♪ 55 souls, their lives torn away ♪ 
♪ By a train not of steam but of fire and thunder ♪ 
♪ And five to the gallows on the 14th of May ♪ 
♪ Of a black-hearted coward caring only for plunder ♪ 
 [Jeering] 
 ♪ How Ed Reid did bleed ♪ 
♪ On the ground black and cold ♪ 
 Man : There he is, the great Reid! 
 ♪ His life flowed out from him ♪ 
 He lives! 
 ♪ His soul to depart ♪ 
 Inspector Reid! 
 ♪ Till a queen saved her knight ♪ 
♪ Like some story of old ♪ 
♪ 'Twas a hand sopped with grace of the good lady night ♪ 
♪ Now in Miss Susan's high castle Ed lies ♪ 
♪ Twixt life and his death, in a sleep without end ♪ 
♪ It surely ain't long before brave Ed Reid dies ♪ 
♪ Whitechapel, you never deserved such a friend! ♪ 
 Come on! 
 [Cheering] 
 ♪ Edmund Reid was a man of Whitechapel. ♪ 
 [Cheering] 
 ♪ To protect all the streets and their people. ♪ 
♪ Dreamed to save a cursed place which no man can save. ♪ 
 Take a drink Reid! 
 ♪ So raise up your hands ♪ 
♪ To his Whitechapel grave ♪ 
 [Cheering] 
 Oh, thank you very much! 
 [Cheering, money clinking] 
 Anybody else? Oh, thank you. Thank you. 
 Whoa! 
 [Money clinks into hat] 
 [Cheering and clapping continues] 
 [Door opens] 
 [Door closes] 
 Man : You! 
 Man : Ugh! ...an equal one of that, guvnor. 
 [Punching] 
 Get off me! Aw, right! 
 [Grunt] 
 [Fighting] 
 [Door opens] 
 [Silence] 
 [Door opens] 
 That's a pretty face. 
 Aah! 
 [Woman screams] 
 Teddy, I... I am sorry. 
 Steady, Walter. Steady, brother. 
 No, no. 
 I'm  sorry, Mr. B. 
 Sorry you felt the urge to test our promise to ya. 
 Sorry you made us ask twice. 
 Please, Teddy, it won't happen again. 
 I know, Mr. B. 
 I know. 
 Away we go, my boys. 
 [Commotion] 
 Know this. 
 Your good landlord brings this violence down. 
 Bet he sees his transgressions now. 
 Do you not, Mr. Bartleby? 
 Woman : Get off! 
 Aaah! 
 [Glass shatters] 
 [Glass shatters] 
 [Laughs] 
 You, ah... work today? 
 No Mr. Reid, they must have need for you. 
 Fill his boots. 
 And I've told them before, they are heavy boots. 
 Too heavy. 
 And the boots of your friend also. 
 I should go, Whilst it's still early, I mean. 
 [Sigh] 
 Time was you might have walked out of here No sort of comment on it. 
 Time was. 
 Time will be again, eh? 
 Once we have declared the truth And must no longer hide ourselves. 
 [Sigh] 
 We have agreed, Bennet. 
 It must be done right. 
 For it to be right, Rose, it must be done. 
 He's not your lookout. 
 He is mine. 
 [Knocking] 
 Abberline : Mr. Drake, open this door or I shall put my foot through it! 
 Half 7:00 of the morning and you not yet ready to meet the world. 
 Consider this an apposite moment to be getting your bones smunched, do you? 
 My hours are my hours, Chief Inspector. 
 And your duty? 
 Inspector, a polite invitation. 
 I have an address I would have you visit. 
 My thanks, Chief Inspector. 
 Perhaps another day. 
 Now, Drake, Or I shall see Miss Erskine's name in the news For altogether different reasons. 
 [Sigh] 
 I have knocked, I have shouted, But no reply. 
 He's either elsewhere or he is insensible. 
 My intuition leans to the latter. 
 As does mine, miss. 
 Oh, no. 
 I do not care for whatever grief-struck rationale you will choose, but this... 
 That is quite the most revolting thing I have ever seen. 
 Jackson : Chief Dictator. 
 Despite your great age, you look fine to me. 
 I pronounce you well. 
 Be my guest. 
 Aah! 
 Aah! Aah! 
 Ow! Ah! Ah! 
 [Grunt] 
 [Gurgling] 
 Another Miss Hart, perhaps, er, by the window? 
 [Susan clears her throat] 
 [Camera shutter clicks] 
 It's better, I think... 
 Yes, the light is forgiving. 
 And, how, now you have come to understand the full extent of Mr. Capshaw's wickedness, does it feel to know you had for so long harboured such a villain? 
 I am wretched with it. 
 But some succour is found, I hope, in the knowledge that the 55 now have their justice. 
 That he is dead, yes. 
 The world is better for the lack of that man. 
 But that it necessitated the loss of Mr. Reid... 
 Loss, madam? 
 His condition worsens? 
 It is not improved. 
 I can only thank God I found him when I did. 
 But we will care for him, as long as we might. 
 Mr. Reid is my friend. 
 He and I have both fought for the same progress in this world of ours. 
 Advancements which I remain set on, which Obsidian remains set on. 
 And nothing, Mr. Best, not the grievous wounding to the inspector, nor the terrible crimes we now understand that gall Capshaw to have committed, shall deter us. 
 Hmm. 
 Just, uh, one more question, Miss Hart. 
 Of course. 
 It is only this. 
 The, uh, bearer bonds, The transaction of which brought Mr. Reid to your door. 
 What of them? 
 Where are they? 
 I only wish I knew, Mr. Best. 
 That intelligence was scattered to the winds, along with Mr. Capshaw's brains and the inspector's buckshot. 
 And still no soul to come forward and say, "Mine. 
 They were my securities robbed from that locomotive." 
 'Tis, um... a mystery. 
 Is it not? 
 Well, madam, I have no doubt that our readers shall thrill, and lament, or course, to this exclusive witnessing you offer. 
 For that I offer you my innumerable thanks. 
 I am at their service Mr. Best. 
 Abberline : Dr. Frayn, a simple question for you. 
 Yes, Chief Inspector? 
 Is this man currently alive? 
 He is not dead, sir. 
 Then we have clarity. 
 He's shot through the abdomen, he's shot through the head He show's no sign of consciousness... 
 It is why we have made not attempt to move him elsewhere. 
 We fight the sepsis in his side, the bullet impacted the skull... the swelling there will be intolerable. 
 Dr. Frayn, Is he dead? 
 He's not, sir. 
 You, American. 
 Repeat what she just now told us. 
 He's not dead. 
 Mr. Drake. 
 Mr. Drake, you look at him. 
 Repeat the doctor's prognosis. 
 He is not dead. 
 Abberline : He... is not... dead. 
 This man now lies here because his sense of duty is greater than any other he holds. 
 You, may argue the toss of such wisdom, but the fact remains, Men, women, children, they need justice. 
 And he sees to it that they get it. 
 He dies, he does not die, that fact remains true. 
 Meantime, Inspector Drake, You will do him the honour of not debauching yourself While his streets burn. 
 You, yankee. 
 This man yet lives, but there are others now dead awaiting us at Leman Street, I would have your renegade eyes upon! 
 Doctor. 
 Drake : Man made into 18 imperial gallons. 
 Where was he found? 
 Grace? 
 That your name, is it? Grace? 
 It is, Chief Inspector Abberline. 
 Then answer your inspector. 
 This barrel. Where was it found? 
 Uh, Great Pearl Street, Chief Inspector. 
 Street that had all that rioting last night, Rioting our men might have been out there preventing. 
 No sign of where he was from or who he might be? 
 No, sir. 
 I shall get myself to Great Pearl, therefore, see if this man is known there. 
 Lily. 
 [Ding] 
 Found ya. 
 [Door opens] 
 [Woman laughing] 
 [Door closes] 
 [Clears throat] 
 Disturbing you, am I? 
 Delivery, from the Black Eagle Brewery. 
 Who for? 
 Old Bartleby. 
 The landlord? 
 You'll be waiting a good old whiles. 
 The man is dead. 
 Dead? How? 
 As yet to be determined. 
 He was found jammed inside one of them barrels out there, however. 
 Did you know him? 
 Uh, he took a porter from us. 
 Our stout also. 
 He kept his payments regular, did he? 
 No debts, no trouble? 
 Accounts. Not my department. 
 You, miss. 
 Did you know him? 
 A wave hello, half a glass off him, no more. 
 You are the draper's girl, Are you not? 
 Your shop front out there. 
 All this violence passed through, Your premises exempted. 
 What can I say? 
 Pretty dresses, aren't they? 
 Beauty is its own best form of protection, they do say. 
 Do they? 
 Well, I do. 
 Well, let's be about, then. 
 Sir. 
 Miss. 
 [Door closes] 
 Matilda : Uncle Ben! 
 Uncle Ben! 
 Uncle Ben! 
 Uncle Ben! 
 Uncle Ben. 
 Matilda. 
 What are you... 
 Cobden : Mathilda! 
 Mr. Drake, hello. 
 Miss Cobden. 
 Uncle Ben, we're going to visit my daddy. 
 Will you come? 
 Uh, no, Mathilda, I... 
 Why not? 
 I have visited already today, And is he well? 
 No child, he is not. 
 Please, Mathilda. 
 And now we have found each other, Mr. Drake, a word, perhaps? 
 Yes. 
 Mathilda, could you give Mr. Drake and I a moment? 
 Mr. Drake, I do not mean to be indelicate, But with her mother gone, Should we not, you and I, Edmund... 
 Mr. Reid's friends, should we not discuss what would be best for Mathilda now? 
 Where, for example, will she live? 
 Who will take care of her? 
 Please, miss, I... he's not yet... 
 Not dead? 
 No, but... 
 I do not think she will want to remain with me. 
 Inspector, you must agree it is a conversation worth having. 
 No, ye... I... yes. 
 Of course. 
 Uncle Ben, please, Do not be so sad. 
 My daddy will recover. 
 For do you really believe we will be returned to each other now, only to be parted so swiftly? 
 Cobden : Come, Mathilda. 
 Mr. Drake is about his business. 
 Goodbye. 
 Goodbye, Mathilda. 
 Teddy. 
 Walt. 
 What you been about, Walter? 
 Been about my work, Ted. 
 I meant old Bartleby. 
 Thought it'd please you. 
 Really, brother? [cough] 
 Please me? 
 Who said you might kill Bartleby? 
 It was not sanctioned, Walter. 
 My brother or not, you follow orders, my or... 
 [coughing and gasping] 
 [Groaning] 
 Look at you. 
 You do see, Teddy. 
 A time comes When your sanction is neither here nor there. 
 [Cough] 
 You're sick, Ted. 
 Too sick to lead us. 
 This here, All others, they must know The day has arrived. There is another they may look to for their directing. 
 And what? 
 You have to prove your steel, do ya? 
 Show 'em what vengeance means, eh? 
 But, Teddy, these publicans, They must know what will befall them should they cross us. 
 You of all, Teddy, You know what it is to be feared, What it is to take a life for our cause. 
 Or do you forget what you did at the feathers? 
 No. 
 Not while I'm awake. 
 Not while I'm dead, neither. 
 Never again, do you hear? 
 [Whistle] 
 Grace : You leave that boy alone now! Let him be! 
 [Laughs] 
 All right, lad, all right. 
 You're with me now. 
 Thank you, sir. 
 What is your name? 
 It is Walter... 
 Ah... Shipman. 
 Walter, you come with me. We set you right. 
 Ah, there's no need for that. I should head home. 
 Get myself clean and bound there... 
 No Walter, my orders... you must make complaint, we must hear it. 
 And boots blue. 
 Two, you say, Mr. Shipman? 
 As I saw, two. 
 Yes, Walter? 
 They thieved from ya. 
 Never had the chance. 
 You came upon them too sudden, Constable. 
 They set about him with a cooper's froe, Sergeant. 
 Known to you already? 
 Never laid an eye on none of 'em. 
 It did not seem that way to me, Walter. 
 Seemed to me you knew them all well. 
 On Jesus Christ himself, I did not know them from a hole in the ground. 
 These from the beating you just now took, are they? 
 They must be, sir, yes. 
 They look older to me, Walter. 
 Day or so. 
 These here, older still. 
 The brawls and riots last night. 
 They come your way? 
 Or did you go theirs, Walter? 
 Whole quarter was a carve-up, Constable, and a fellow must protect hisself, Particularly when you and yours are nowhere to be seen. 
 Now, then, that bandaging is good and secure. 
 Put a field nurse to shame, it would. 
 [Chuckle] 
 Would there be ought else, sir, or am I to be arrested for my own battery? 
 [Sigh] 
 Shipman, Shipman... 
 Shipman. 
 [Jackson grunting] 
 [Crunch] 
 [Heavy breathing] 
 His name is Bartleby, Landlord up at The Lamb and Kidney. 
 Yeah? 
 Lamb and Kidney, huh? 
 I might have save you the trip. 
 A man believes he's seen every barbarism he might imagine... but Whitechapel, it will ever astound. 
 He was dead before he went in. 
 Save for the breaking of his joints, there's no abrasions, not a scratch, not a splinter. 
 Whatever force was applied before he went inside, he, uh... went in without resistance. 
 And so? 
 The cause of death? 
 Time, Hightower. 
 Time. 
 Walter : Do you forget, Mr. Grimes, That the men of the Black Eagle are not to be  crossed? 
 Chief Inspector... 
 Mr. Reid, would stay in there, whilst such work was performed? 
 He had a stomach for such things, sir. 
 Past tense, Inspector, you be careful. 
 Coffee. 
 Thanks Drake. 
 What is that, his lungs? 
 Yeah. 
 Good deal steelier than you used to be. 
 Don't think I haven't noticed. 
 And they are cut out for why? 
 Well, by my reckoning, I'd say... 
 This man was drowned. 
 Reckoning? 
 Was he or was he not? 
 Chief Inspector Abberline! 
 And so? 
 You see this here? 
 Now, the French have a name for that. 
 Champignon de mousse. 
 Abberline : And why should I care what the bloody French call anything? 
 Jackson : Well, a man is never too old to learn something. 
 Man's never too old to put his boot up an American's arsehole. 
 Now, as drowning occurs, the, uh, the... the blood cells in the lungs, they break down, and a foam is forced all the way up through the air passage. 
 Now, this residue, that's what remains. 
 [Squishing] 
 You hear that? 
 Mmm. 
 That's crepitation. 
 That there is the sound of air against liquid. 
 But he's not sodden. 
 His body shows no signs of being in water. 
 This is true, Inspector, and yet the man is drowned. 
 Mr. Abberline, any thoughts? 
 He is held down and it is poured into him. 
 He is choked by whatever liquid was used. 
 [Clicks tongue] 
 And the liquid. 
 What was it? 
 Jackson : Take a sniff. 
 It is beer. 
 Think to take advantage, do you? 
 Well, we will not suffer it. 
 Do you understand? 
 [Grunt] 
 No, sir. 
 Not no longer. 
 No second chances. 
 No indulgence. 
 I'm gonna make an example of you, sir. 
 [Muffled screaming] 
 [Frantic gurgling] 
 [Gurgling continues] 
 [Coughing, gasping] 
 [Wheezing] 
 [Coughing] 
 [Wheezing continues] 
 [Coughing continues] 
 [Coughing] 
 [Gurgling continues] 
 [Wheezing and coughing continues] 
 
 
 
 Day's work made ya thirty, huh? 
 [Sighs] 
 Risky devil. 
 Leave the bottle. 
 Forgive me, Drake. 
 Oh, here we go. 
 I, um... I get the sense that your current temper does not arise solely from the prone state of our fallen comrade. 
 Point in fact, and I know it disgruntles you, but I've seen that face before. 
 [Sigh] 
 Queen of the Costers has you by your coconuts once more. 
 Am I right? 
 Listen, I'm not one to judge, and I'm not saying this because I have the manhood loyalty. 
 I say this on account of the fact that I've seen you banjaxed by that lady more than once in your life. 
 But, lest you forget, Rose is promised Drake. 
 [Sniffs] Never understood the fuss myself. [Sniffs] 
 Beer. 
 May as well drink from the river. 
 Warm, flat. 
 Useful qualities, however, when a man wishes to drink of it in great volume. 
 Now, Drake. 
 Listen. 
 We come to take in a show, Not perform in one ourselves. You understand? 
 Do not worry about me, Captain. 
 ♪♪ 
 You! 
 That's you. 
 [Sigh] 
 Darlin'. 
 You forgive me, don't you? 
 For the pig? 
 Unlikely. 
 If you are to take anything else to your bed, do try to make sure it has a pulse first. 
 Now, why are you here? 
 Uh, well, I've come... 
 [Sigh] sh1t. 
 [Applause] 
 [Music resumes] 
 Excuse me. 
 I want you to speak to him tonight. 
 No, Bennet. I told you, I shall choose the time. 
 Where, Rose? How? 
 Not like this. 
 I'm sorry, Rose, but... 
 Is there a past between the two of them? 
 [Sigh] 
 Oh, sh1t. 
 "Past" is one word. 
 And you bring him here, the two of you in your cups? 
 This is my brother's whore. She's my brother's fiancée. 
 Hey, we're all adults, here, okay? We go our own way. 
 Oh, do we, now? 
 You do something, you do it now. 
 I fear for us. I fear we shall lose each other again. 
 Hello. 
 Hi. 
 That was so wonderful. 
 Oh, thank you. 
 You were marvellous. 
 Oh! 
 [Laughs] 
 Oh, thank you so much. 
 sh1t. 
 Mr. Morton. 
 Inspector. 
 I, uh... 
 We're leaving now, brother. 
 Here, Inspector. 
 Thank you, Doctor. 
 [Sighs] 
 Ma'am, excuse me, do you believe him, in pain? 
 I can not say, Inspector. 
 But, whatever Mr. Abberline might say, he will die, will he not? 
 Boy : Papers! Get your papers here! 
 Morning papers! 
 Obsidian double shooting! 
 Miss Hart speaks out! 
 Morning papers! 
 I'll have one of those. 
 Morning papers! 
 Truth behind the Obsidian shooting! 
 Miss Hart speaks out! 
 Morning papers! 
 Morning papers! 
 Drake : His name was Grimes, we are told. 
 Landlord at the Hogshead, on Old Queen Street. 
 Mister Ward of Peace on the Streets, One more dead publican! 
 Contusions to his nose to force his mouth open, The teeth are chipped where the vessel was forced into his mouth, and we got the same residual foaming around the nose and lips. 
 Same murdering, same profession, same presentation. 
 If you please, Chief Inspector... 
 What, boy? 
 Might I be excused but two minutes only? 
 Excused? What? 
 To tend to your toilet, duchess? 
 No, sir, but it is material to what we now discuss. 
 Material, is it? 
 Just go. 
 Now, will you share what it is you consider to be quite so material that we here have to wait upon your pleasure as if you are the emissary of the ottoman emperor himself? 
 Uh, yes, Chief Inspector. 
 A lad I found yesterday, down a laneway off the back of Corbett's Court, set upon by two others. 
 I brought him here to make complaint, patched him up. 
 But there was something... he was gobby, sir. 
 And did you arrest him for having a big mouth, then? 
 I did not. 
 I went looking for him, however. 
 And found? 
 No record of him. 
 I did find the lad's brother, however. 
 He is here represented. 
 [Sigh] 
 Edward Shipman, assorted counts of affray, known kin a brother, Walter, younger by six years, no other family, orphans. 
 Walter is the lad you brought here, yes? 
 Just see below, Mr. Drake. 
 Abberline : Yes, Mr. Drake, see below. 
 Charge of murder three years past, a Mr. Daniel Parker. 
 See his profession, Inspector. 
 Publican. 
 The Feathers on Underwood Street. 
 The place burnt to the ground. 
 Mr. Parker found alone within, burnt to a char, but his bones and body still showing signs of the attack he suffered. 
 Leg broke with a blunt instrument, most like made of steel. 
 The attack he suffered when I found him was set about by a cooper's froe. 
 I wonder if it was this older brother, Edward, who led the attack on Walter in the laneway. 
 Let me see that file. 
 You ever seen a cooper's froe at work, ever? 
 It's a wooden handle, t-shaped blade. 
 It's used for the splitting of wood. 
 Man smashes it in with his fist and the blade is used to waggle the split free. 
 These limbs here, they're all broken at the joints. 
 The sockets are popped, the sinews spliced, but not a mark on their skin. 
 It's the same thing with this man Grimes also, both of these men cosied into their housing with nary a scratch on 'em. 
 The barrels are built around 'em. 
 They're drowned in their beer, their bodies are broken down to the exact size, and... and they're coopered into a firkin. 
 It is skilled work by skilled workmen. 
 See, Inspector Drake, Edward Shipman was apprenticed to the coopers at the Black Eagle Brewery at 16. 
 He's worked there ever since. 
 Abberline : And the charge against him? What became of that? 
 Alibi came forward. 
 Miss Lily Timson, apprentice to a draper. 
 Lily Timson. 
 I met this girl. 
 I've seen her shop. 
 It is on Great Pearl Street. 
 As does The Lamb and Kidney, Mr. Bartleby here's house. 
 Streets through which that unpoliced riot swept two nights past. 
 And hers the only windows not smashed in. 
 You, duchess, find a man. 
 Send him to Queen Anne Street to see about the publican Grimes. 
 All and everything to tell about his life and work, have it returned to us here. 
 You, meanwhile, shall go fetch Miss Timson, She who finds herself immune to insurrection. 
 Yes, Chief Inspector. 
 Mr. Drake, you and I shall take a trip to the Black Eagle Brewery and have a word with Mr. Shipman. 
 Yes, sir. 
 You, Captain fancy-pants. 
 The brew poured down these men. 
 You have the means to find its nature? 
 Now, you ask me that way, I've got the means to find out about anything you want. 
 What you ask, gentlemen, is no simple thing. 
 One apprentice to be remembered among so many? 
 You see here, this cathedral? 
 Some say the Black Eagle might be the biggest brew house in the world. 
 Millers, malters, mashers, lauterers, Lads to watch the boil, lads to watch the filtering, And lads for the coopery. 
 Many, many hundreds of lads. 
 And I'm asked to remember one off the top of my dear old head? 
 Drake : There are records, however. 
 You keep note of who is apprenticed, Who is employed? 
 Well, we must do somewhere. 
 Fortunate for you, however, I do know the lad. 
 Oh. 
 The lad is known. 
 This way, gentlemen. 
 He's not been well these past few months, So I brung him in here to work with me. 
 Through here, gents. 
 Well. 
 Always a pleasure to put a name to a face, Eh, Mr. Shipman? 
 You pack up your work and get your coat, boy. 
 Abberline : Mr. Drake, make his arrest. 
 Suspicion of murder. 
 Daniel Parker. 
 This is raked over again, is it? 
 Aye, son, it is. 
 I was nowhere near. 
 It was proved. 
 It was lied. 
 A man like you, a gruff copper. 
 He took my irons off and set me free. 
 I was innocent of that, As I surely am for whatever it is you now think to accuse of me. 
 Frederick Grimes, of the Hogshead. 
 Do you recall him? 
 I do not. 
 He's a stranger to me, sir. 
 John Bartleby. 
 You knew him, however. 
 I did. 
 I met you, sir, Inside his smashed-up pub. 
 Abberline : Was it you who smashed it, Mr. Shipman? 
 It was not. 
 Was it your brother Walter smashed it? 
 I'm not my brother. 
 I cannot speak for him. 
 You were seen, however, giving him a right belting just yesterday. 
 Brothers do fight, Inspector. 
 You were trained as a cooper, however, Mr. Shipman? 
 I was. 
 Could you put a man in a barrel, should you wish it, without a single scrape on him? 
 That would be a task, and no mistake, I would not know where to begin. 
 Abberline : In my life, how many questions have I asked of how many young fellows Like you? 
 Of that I must also declare myself ignorant, sir. 
 Then I shall tell you. 
 Sufficient to know when I am lied to. 
 No! Sir. 
 [Violent coughing] 
 [Gasping] 
 You, man. 
 Bring me the American now. 
 [Coughing, gasping] 
 [Coughing] 
 Well, remove his irons, will you? 
 [Wheezing] 
 [Cough] 
 [Wheezing] 
 [Cough] 
 How long have you been living with consumption, Teddy? 
 Six months. Perhaps seven. 
 Have you not had it treated? 
 Men have tried. 
 [Cough] 
 I'm not far off now, am I, sir? 
 No, you're not. 
 And unlikely to find the required strength to see those men beaten and broken and housed in their firkins. 
 Your brother, however. 
 He has the same training, training that might put a man in a barrel. 
 Is that why you beat him? 
 Has he put his training to work? 
 How many times must I say it? 
 He's of age. 
 I'm not my brother's keeper. 
 [Wheezing] 
 Give us a minute, will you? 
 [Coughing, wheezing] 
 Shh, shh, shh, shh. 
 [Sigh] 
 I have an older brother, you know. 
 And how is he? 
 You spend a good deal of time looking up for example, So much time that example becomes your second nature. 
 You say you're not your brother's keeper, but you are. 
 These actions he takes, he only does so because you have done so before. 
 And your brother. 
 Would you betray him? 
 He betrayed me. 
 [Cough] 
 That's not what I asked you, is it, sir? 
 [Cough] 
 Grace : Miss! 
 You are Miss Lily Timson? 
 And you are a policeman? 
 Miss Timson, if you'll stop, please. 
 You are to come with me to Leman Street. 
 There are questions to be answered. 
 Are there indeed? 
 On what subject? 
 All will become clear, miss. 
 Please, follow me. 
 [Grunt] 
 All right, Lil? 
 This one harassing you? 
 [Whistle] 
 Let us get this blue bottle bagged. 
 Abberline : Pubs, Inspector, pubs and publicans assaulted, harassed, all and any, citywide. 
 If only it was all billy clubs and bloody knuckles... 
 If that was the case, I would never have left Whitechapel. 
 This here. 
 Bills and invoicing for all liquid stock at The Lamb and Flag. 
 This here the same for the Hogshead, Grimes' house. 
 Here, two months past, Bartleby changes his supplier. 
 Decides his mild and his pale ale will now be supplied and delivered from the Burton-on-Trent Breweries. 
 Two weeks past, Grimes makes the same decision. 
 Abberline : A man might accordingly lay good money that the gravely injured Mr. Parker ordered the same at The Feathers. 
 And don't you want to know why? 
 You, American, whose range of expertise is so breathtakingly vast that it now fixes itself upon the beers and brews of the United Kingdom. 
 The beer, that rank soup that you all pour down yourselves like it's Victoria's own bath water and that which was forced into our two publicans, now, there was something of note. 
 It's the water content. 
 The alkalinity was low. 
 Soft water, heavy in sulphites. 
 Not London water. 
 Not London water, But Burton water, from the bloody north? 
 No sulphites better suited for that mellow fruitfulness that you enjoy in your brew. 
 But north country beer drunk on these city streets, over which the black eagle of the London Brewery soars, Local men might be put out of local work. 
 And so? What, the young men of the brewery Had to show the publicans the error of their ways? 
 You will order our pale, not that Northern slop, or you will know the inside of a barrel. 
 A body of young men set on protecting an institution which gives them more than only their work. 
 It educates them, gives them a sense of belonging. 
 They act to protect both their product and their traditions. 
 It's like the army. 
 Or the police. 
 But those men in their barrels, whose limbs were broken and packed like animals. 
 That's both fierce brutality and sharp escalation from your man Parker at The Feathers. 
 Maybe this younger Shipman uses this brutality to mark himself out for leader. 
 [Clears throat] 
 Mr. Abberline, Mr. Drake, you must hear this. 
 Grace has been taken. 
 Do you know what will befall me, sir, If they know I have come here and told you? 
 And yet you are here, miss, you and your Teddy both. 
 Now, whatever like, we have him, he who is not a great many days longer for this life. 
 The lad, PC Grace, he who came to find you? 
 He's a good lad, a kind lad. 
 You could tell, I'm sure. 
 He is, I could. 
 And you will come here now because you fear for him. 
 It is Walter that has taken him, is it not? 
 He's a cruel one, Mr. Drake. 
 It's only Teddy who knows how to keep a lid on him. 
 But Teddy is here now, so it's not merely a bruising he will hand out to our Bobby Grace. 
 He has killed, Lily, twice. 
 [Sigh] 
 Awhiles ago, a long whiles ago, you lied to the police to protect your Teddy, did you not? 
 You wish to make amends for your lies, you might have words with Teddy, Persuade him it is best for all that he speak, tell us where we will find our boy. 
 Hey. 
 [Sigh] 
 Now, what he does, he does for you, to show you that he might also use murder to protect the Black Eagle's work. 
 Therefore his acts are your acts. 
 You're dying, Teddy. 
 You want to do a good thing before you die? 
 [crowd shouting] 
 Walter : Here, my men, a blue boy. 
 A blue boy who now takes his place in our story. 
 A blue boy who shall be spoke of and remembered for what will now befall him. 
 I know you fear what will come once my Teddy has left us, but this here, what now comes to pass, shall offer us safeguards for a hundred years. 
 Grace : Please. 
 Please listen. 
 Do not listen. 
 I'm not so different to many of you. 
 Yourself, Walter. 
 You put me in a barrel, Walter Shipman, You will gain nothing but your own destruction! 
 Destruction? 
 No destruction, Constable, But glory! 
 [Cheering] 
 See? 
 The others, it was their own brew I made them swallow. 
 But you, you shall know a little more of what we here defend. 
 It'll be London beer you now drink. 
 [Gagging] 
 Mr. Snelling! 
 This a surprise for you, is it? 
 Of course. What is it you do? 
 Do? 
 I come to take my boy back from your boys, and do not be thinking that I believe them able to organise themselves to such a degree without their master offering a helping hand! 
 Aah! 
 You show us now. 
 [Gagging] 
 Teddy : That will do, Walt! 
 [Coughing] 
 I'll snap his neck. 
 [Coughing] 
 Teddy. 
 You're friends with the police now, are you, brother? 
 My fight was never with the police, Walter, and neither is yours. 
 Who is that lad to deserve our anger? 
 A murdering, for a brew, for beer? 
 Walter : But you, Teddy. 
 You set the mark. 
 You showed us the way. 
 By ending it off with Parker at The Feathers, you mean? 
 Killing a man for not taking our pale ale? 
 It was never meant, Walt. 
 I gave him a couple of hits, yes, but that was all. 
 The fire. 
 I knocked over a lantern, didn't I? 
 Smashed the place up good and proper. 
 He was all sloshed with brandy, and, whoosh. 
 He went up, and I ran. 
 That is all. 
 And if we have lived off of similar affairs since, that was not my intention. 
 Time goes on, Walter. 
 All things pass. 
 You know the world will always have need for brewing about. 
 There is no law that say the Black Eagle must endure. 
 All things must pass. 
 I must. 
 You must. 
 This whole building must. 
 Let him be. 
 Let him be. 
 Now! 
 Grace. 
 If you hear me, look at me. 
 [Man grunts] 
 Man : Move it! 
 Man : Get off! 
 Man : You turncoat, Teddy! 
 Man : Move. 
 [Cough] 
 [Wheezing] 
 [Coughing] 
 [Coughing stops] 
 Captain Jackson, I'm not sure I have ever been sent for before now. 
 For the life of me, I cannot think why I have responded. 
 Mimi, do you think we might forgo the backchatter? 
 Then why on earth am I here? 
 This day, I feel the hand of death upon me. 
 I look back into the past, I see what made me, and I just... 
 I feel sick with it. 
 And I would like to... rest my head on the lap of someone who... s-s-someone... 
 [Sigh] 
 God damn it! 
 You are the only thing I have in this world to take the lead from my limbs. 
 Well, this is a day for firsts. 
 Please, you can use that tongue of yours to whip strips from me every other hour we pass together, but please just tell me, am I a fool to rest this hope in you? 
 Fool, certainly. 
 But not one misled. 
 Kill him! 
 [Music box] 
 Hello? 
 Mr. Reid. 
 Edmund. 
 Sir. 
 Who am I? 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 