Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x07 - Our Betrayal (1) - Ripper Street 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x07 - Our Betrayal (1) https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=548&t=24722 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/10/13 13:15 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x07 - Our Betrayal (1) 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Stay there. Get back in line. 
 That man - you. 
 You, step away. 
 ( Man yells ) 
 You want to steal from De Graal? 
 You will never steal more! 
 Arrghh! 
 Back to work! Back to work! 
 ( Man pleads in own language ) 
 You see that? 
 The black b*st*rd's hand just came apart! 
 ( He gulps ) 
 ( He gasps ) 
 ( Ship's horn blares ) 
 Are you the lady lives beneath the name Hart? 
 I am. May I know your name, sir? 
 Oh - you take men's names in such places? 
 Ones I do not quite trust, yes. 
 There's a countryman I hoped to find here. 
 He lives beneath the name Jackson, I understand. 
 I know him. 
 And I hope never to see him again. 
 Forgive me, ma'am. 
 Then where might I seek him out? 
 Sir. 
 Mr...? 
 Judge. 
 There a...surgeon works here? 
 An American? 
 Daniel? 
 Twinkle? 
 You are a sight for a weary man. 
 Oh! Ah! 
 I thought you were dead, you son of a bitch. 
 Twink...really... 
 Is that any way to greet your brother? 
 Rose? 
 Mr Reid. 
 What do you do here, Rose? 
 I search for Bennet Drake, Inspector. 
 There's twice, sir, I owe my life to him. 
 I walk this way twice a day and will stop only once I have found him. 
 I cannot forsake him. 
 You and I are joined in that, Rose. 
 Here...to help... with your enquiries. 
 Thank you, Mr Reid. 
 I shall return it. 
 You return it to him. 
 Edmund? 
 Chief Inspector - I am glad to find your housebreaking skills have not gone neglected. 
 You are here for why? 
 It has been a month since...Sergeant Drake handed you his badge and went missing. 
 He will return or...he will not. 
 But you... my friend... you are to extract your head from your arse and get about your work once more. 
 Mm - mmmm! 
 Wherever it is you've been, you still haven't learned any manners. 
 Hm - get some more wine, will you? 
 Daniel, where have you been? 
 Last I heard, you were in Cairo. 
 You wrote me. 
 And then I wasn't. 
 And didn't write you. 
 For eight years. 
 What are you, our mother? 
 "Gas and lighting", you said. "Come", you said. 
 "Egyptians knew nothing about everything and have coin to spend on a man with experience of a modern city." 
 Which was true. 
 But you know nothing of either gas nor lighting. 
 They didn't know that. 
 I was American. 
 They heard my voice and assumed I was Edison. 
 ( Judge chuckles ) 
 And then? 
 Mm, steamer to Lake Victoria. 
 Over land to Mombasa. 
 Mombasa to Sofala. 
 And Sofala to...Courtvale. 
 And what do you do there? 
 Did you dig yourself a mine, Daniel? 
 You getting this? 
 Twink, you are an angel. 
 To work then. 
 Sergeant. 
 Mr Reid. 
 Still no sign nor word? 
 No, none. Today's roll? 
 Assaults, pockets lifted, quiet day thus far. 
 No deaths reported - accidental or otherwise? 
 None, sir. 
 Then that is at least something. 
 Here. These men - surveyors. 
 There's three of them. 
 Set upon by thugs in the noonday sun. 
 Basin Slum. 
 They're council surveyors. 
 Who reported this offence? 
 Councillor Cobden, sir. 
 They were her men, I believe. 
 This man. Hinchcliffe. 
 Craftsman, Mr Reid. 
 I know that, Constable. 
 The man made my wife's wedding band. 
 His complaint? That he is defrauded. 
 You met with him? Yes, sir. 
 Flight, would you consider it an intrusion if I spoke with him myself? 
 Not at all, Inspector. 
 In fact, I should be grateful for your insight. 
 Sergeant, I am to Hinchcliffe and thence to Councillor Cobden. 
 Yes, Mr Reid. 
 With me, Flight. 
 Mr Werner and I - commerce had been established for a little over six months. 
 Thank you. 
 No, thanks. 
 A necklace one week, a watch strap the next month, a bracelet or two. 
 Payment was prompt on each and every occasion... 
 And then the final order was made by Werner himself. 
 Indeed, I could see no reason to distrust him. 
 It was a substantial order. 
 Two necklaces set with rubies, three brooches likewise. 
 Earrings... 
 Such an opportunity. 
 I could have fed my family for half a year. 
 Mr Hinchcliffe, such men as this Werner are wise in their deception. 
 There is no shame in your trust of him. 
 But the loan I took on to manufacture those goods its repayment... 
 If this man is not found, my goods recovered and sold... then my family is for the workhouse. 
 We will find him. 
 Sir, restitution will be made. 
 This quarter, Flight, all that we see here, daily - abduction, murder - it is perhaps understandable that crimes like these do often go unreported and that they are treated by ourselves as not mattering a great deal in comparison. 
 But honest trade practised with skill and good heart and now cheated of income? 
 For this neighbourhood to emerge from the swamp, the Hinchcliffes of our world must feel our support and encouragement. 
 You have it, Flight. It all matters. 
 You find this man Werner for me. 
 It is a complaint of common assault, Inspector. 
 A bobby with a notebook would have been quite adequate. 
 If not, in fact, preferable. 
 There was an opportunity to see you and I...took it. 
 And no such similar opportunity presented itself in the month since you last stood in that doorway and professed that what you felt for me was love? 
 Much has happened since that night. 
 My, er...my sergeant. 
 His wife was taken from him. 
 I do hope that you will pass my sympathies. 
 I cannot find him, Jane. 
 I believe he holds himself responsible for it. 
 And was he? No. 
 But such guilt... it is not unfamiliar to him. 
 Nor to myself. 
 I try to understand, Edmund. 
 I do. But... 
 Almost five weeks to sit alone in the confusion of knowing that you... 
 What is it here that frightens you so much? 
 That in seeking to make you happier than you were before, I might, in fact, do the reverse. 
 I am afraid that's already been achieved. 
 But, Edmund, it is within your power to remedy it. 
 Well...let me begin, at least, by helping you with this matter of the assaults on your men at St Paul's Wharfside. 
 Now I have you. 
 I believe I've found him, Sergeant. 
 Who's that, Mr Flight? 
 The confidence man - Werner. 
 He is accused of defrauding Mr Hinchcliffe. 
 Every year, five similar swindles on five similar tradesmen - smiths, furniture makers, tailors. 
 Then within a week, a flash-sale advertised, the belongings of bankrupt businesses and properties. 
 There is one such "sale" begins this very morning, Sergeant. 
 Well... then you best go shopping, Mr Flight. 
 I seek a man called Werner. 
 Two shillings? 
 You are Werner? 
 What is it you want, boy? 
 A frock to step out in? 
 H Division. 
 Stop him! 
 H Division, is it? 
 Well... you're in Limehouse now. 
 And I...am protected. 
 Yes. That's right, Daphne. 
 You know who runs things around here. 
 The name "Shine" familiar to you, is it? 
 But guilt and penalty of sin may be removed, may they not, through good deeds? 
 You strive to perform God's will in your work? 
 I do, Father. 
 What is it you want, my son? 
 To be a good man. 
 ( Man grunts in pain ) 
 Come on - get upstanding, Perkins. 
 Barton, water. Yes, sir. 
 Inspector Shine - 
 I would speak with you, sir? 
 Well now, Constable Flight - how I've missed ya, my boy. 
 My cuckoo in another man's nest. 
 What word from Leeman Street? 
 Come here. 
 I am set to apprehend a man named Werner, but now find I cannot do so for the fact he pays you his protection. 
 You are not to get yourself flustered, Detective Constable. 
 Mr Werner can be careless. 
 And you are guilty of nothing but performing the duties with which you are entrusted. 
 Forgive me, but that is not...quite accurate now, is it? 
 What's this? 
 Do you now succumb to introspection? 
 Do not forget what you were when I first found you - a little Paddy wretch destined for jail or an early grave. 
 And now look at you - quite the CID swell. 
 So perhaps the estimable Reid does not consider you quite as efficacious in your crime-solving as he might wish. 
 But that is not the prime purpose that finds you by his side, is it? 
 Is it, Flight? No, sir. 
 Then what is? 
 To forewarn you...should his gaze fall in your direction. 
 Great. Good boy. 
 You're a week late with your payments, madam. 
 I know this. 
 The man I regret I must call husband has squandered it. 
 Are matters rectified? 
 They are not. 
 And you recall the terms of our agreement? 
 I do. 
 Girls! 
 And before we commence such discussions, I thought you might enjoy a little of what we have built here. 
 On the house, of course. 
 You mean on MY house, do you not? 
 I do. 
 Send them away. 
 Leave us, girls. 
 Perhaps it is early. No. 
 They are early in years. 
 It is not a girl I want, madam. 
 It's a woman. 
 After all, there is an additional clause in our contract. 
 It is not too much to ask, is it, when your handing to me but one night of pleasure might in return hand you your freedom? 
 ( Knock on the door ) 
 Come. 
 Mr Duggan's particulars - we are asked which is the best room for them. 
 Why so startled, Madam? 
 After all, it is my house. 
 Now, where would you suggest? 
 ( Music hall music plays ) 
 ♪ I feel so glad ♪ 
♪ I never had such joy within my heart ♪ 
♪ I've been asked out ♪ 
♪ And without doubt ♪ 
♪ I'm dying to make a start... ♪ 
 What am I to do, Miss Hart? 
 You wish for Miss Erskine to rise from matinee to evening billing, but surely you must see the girl sings like a reed caught in a March gale. 
 ♪..I'll ask him home for tea ♪ 
♪ I shall say to my young man gay if he treads upon my frock ♪ 
♪ Randy-pandy, sugardy candy ♪ 
♪ Buy me some almond rock. ♪ 
 And I do all I can to repay your generous faith in me, but... 
 Hush. 
 The man is a fool, with no more taste and discernment than a monkey in a milliner's. 
 We shall see you right. 
 One day or the next, I shall have to learn to survive by myself. 
 And besides - if you'll forgive me asking... do you not have more pressing matters to contend with? Why? 
 What have you heard, Rose? 
 Only that the Captain's currently... absent from Tenter Street. 
 I shall be fine and you are not to fret. 
 Well - best be about it, then. 
 Rose, forgive me... but do you... do you remember the first man who...paid for you? 
 Of course. 
 And did it... 
 Were you changed by it? 
 Well, changed how, Miss? 
 Inside yourself. 
 When you were then with another man - a...a man you loved, for example. 
 Miss Susan, I have never known what it is to lie with a man I love. 
 Oh, hail the conquering hero. 
 What's this, Constable? 
 You do not have your man in irons? 
 I believed I had found him, sir, but...I had not. 
 This confidence man named Werner. 
 He defrauds men of jewellery. 
 Good jewellery. Keep at it, Flight. 
 Yes, sir. 
 Evening, girls. 
 How do, Rosie? 
 Late for a girl like you - unless you want to get in line. 
 What's this, Rose? 
 Still hunting for your beau, are ya? 
 He ain't my beau, Gracie. 
 But I look for him all right. 
 Here, look. I've got a picture now. 
 Have you seen him? I seen him. 
 Where, Gracie? 
 Nowhere you want to go, girl. 
 Please. 
 Look, I'll pay whatever you need to get you off the street tonight. 
 Only tell me. 
 ( Shouting ) 
 Last bets, my gentle and good men. 
 Last bets! 
 Here they come. 
 How many blows will it take to fell this man? 
 ( Crowd shouts suggestions ) 
 An healthy variation in opinion. 
 Let us discover the limits of this man's pain! 
 Break his jaw! 
 Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Whoa! 
 That is 13, gentlemen, 13. 
 No man has wagered more. 
 This book is closed. 
 And this house shall not be paying out tonight! 
 Bennet? 
 Oh, Bennet. 
 What have you done to yourself? 
 Ah! Ow! Bennet! 
 You abandoned that cat house and that woman to come live here? 
 Who's to say it was me left the place? 
 Sorry, Twink, I just thought that...I'm the type to up and leave and that, most like, you were also. 
 Yeah? Well, don't think. 
 Jesus. 
 What did you do? 
 Doesn't matter. Don't ask. 
 Yeah...probably for the best. 
 You'd have quit her, one day or the next. 
 This way, you got no guilt. 
 And you get to feel wronged. 
 ( Judge laughs ) 
 That must be good. 
 
 
 
 Stop it, Daniel. 
 Stop what? 
 The kinship routine. 
 But we are kin, Twink. 
 In blood, regrettably, but me and you...we ain't even close to alike. 
 Where were you born? 
 I'm not playing, Daniel. 
 "Why, Richmond, Virginia." 
 Well, now blow me down. So was I. 
 When did you leave? 
 "Soon as I could." 
 Myself likewise. 
 Where did you go? 
 "Far as I could. 
 So long as it weren't home." 
 Your father was a doctor? 
 Mine the same. 
 Well, what befell him? 
 "The torpor of his life got the better of him, until one night suppertime, he opened his jugular over the Sunday meatloaf." 
 Rrrggghhh! 
 ( Grunting and groaning ) 
 Jackson! Hey! 
 That's our host, Daniel. 
 You play nice, now. 
 You're Reid? 
 Why did you not say? 
 "Twink"? 
 Twinkle. 
 On account of his cheerful disposition. 
 Ah. 
 Well...good night, Mr Judge. 
 Hmm. 
 I do hope our city will not detain you long. 
 Sarcasm, Daniel - it means he hopes you leave soon. 
 ( Judge snores ) 
 ( Blade rings ) 
 You put that back, Twinkle. 
 Or blood or no blood, I will slit you. 
 So are you going to show me what it is? 
 35 carat diamond in the rough. 
 You think De Graal won't miss that? 
 6,000 miles, Cape Town to London. 
 But they established a syndicate here. 
 The diamond merchants of London are given stock for their loyalty. 
 You march down to Hatton Garden to sell that, well...they're going to kill you. 
 I did not come visiting on my little brother to get dead. 
 I need a crook, then. 
 Well, there, I can help you. 
 I work for the police, remember. 
 And Daniel, if this gets sold and cleaned thanks to me... I'm taking half. 
 And you can guarantee that when I return this evening, my silverware will be intact? 
 He's my brother, Reid. 
 What am I supposed to do? 
 Get rid of him? 
 Evening, Flight. 
 This guy, Werner? What of him? 
 Look, my dead room lacks for residents, I have some time on my hands, why not talk me through what you got? 
 I could help you, Constable. 
 Did you try this place Finkels, yet? 
 I have. Werner has not sold there for three years now. 
 Excuse me, darlin', but if you saw the pox he carried, you'd thank me. 
 Oh, no! 
 I may have something. 
 Someone. 
 The station is investigating a man named Werner. 
 Long firm man. 
 Has in the past sold goods to a jeweller named Finkel. 
 And this Finkel...he does not deal with this syndicate? 
 Who's to say? 
 But he does deal with criminals. 
 It's all we have, Daniel. 
 You believe your share of this will allow for your return to your wife? 
 It cannot but help. 
 You think it the only reason she cast you out? 
 It's not. 
 It is never. 
 What do you know about it? 
 You have some happy hearthside waiting for you when you get done with this? 
 Yeah, I didn't think so. 
 Listen to me... 
 I got rich and I got poor again, but the same smell still followed me. 
 This Finkel comes to fruition - you'll have your half. 
 But don't go thinking that Judge stink leaves you, Twink. 
 It don't. 
 This is Wainwright? Yes, sir. 
 He progresses? 
 He does. Quarterfinals now, sir. 
 Our challenger for the Lafone Cup. 
 He's a good fighter? 
 He is no Bennet Drake, sir. 
 But he improves. 
 Flight? Your pursuit of this Werner? What progress? 
 I hunt him, sir. I do so now. 
 Well, go to it, then. 
 Although one assumes the identity of this year's victor as certain as ever. 
 Quite so, Mr Reid. 
 Keep your back straight! 
 Five acres, in which reside 6,000 individuals, and the rate at which they die here is four times that of the rest of this city. 
 As you know, I plan to replace these shanties with modern and sanitary dwellings in which people might live out of choice, not obligation. 
 However, this I cannot do unless the party, or parties, that own these lands permit it. 
 Currently, all our surveyors encounter is violence from hired thugs. 
 It is for this reason, ladies and gentlemen, that I invite you here today to urge you, in print, to shame these opaque and hidden powers into good faith negotiation. 
 To ask them to stand forward and have a care for the future lives of their tenants. 
 I thank you. 
 ( Applause ) 
 Councillor. The investigations I have made for you. 
 You wish to cause men shame, it's better for you to have a name with which to do so - Obsidian Estates. 
 The rest I leave to you and whichever of these muckrakes you can bring to your side. 
 What's this, Inspector? What's this? 
 A man of your many occupations suddenly diverted by paperwork? 
 Miss Cobden has a hope that less people might die here than is currently the case. 
 That hope is shared by the police - if not by yourself. 
 Councillor. Inspector. 
 He is a man of noble intent, our Inspector Reid. 
 Do you not find, Miss Cobden? 
 Sir. You are Finkel? 
 Is there anything in particular for which you search? 
 Not so much a thing...as a man. 
 Man called Werner. 
 You are American. 
 I've spent the last five or six years in Africa, however. 
 The South of Africa - part of the world that the British now call their own. 
 Big hole in the ground that has come to be named Courtvale. 
 Well, you must have seen many things there, many stories to bring with you. 
 Hmm. Some other belongings, perhaps. 
 Belongings this man Werner, whom you seek, might indeed assist you with? 
 Size? 
 It is on your person? 
 And should Mr Werner wish to find you - find you and perhaps view this item - there is an address? 
 Thank you for your time. 
 He asked for you by name. I heard. 
 Police, you think? He was American. 
 Well, that ain't no impediment these days, I can tell you. 
 However, he does have a stone he hopes you might acquire. 
 A large one. But stolen, I imagine. 
 Not in the current mood. No. 
 We do our duty by our masters and we inform the syndicate. 
 This one searches for you. 
 Mr Hinchcliffe. 
 Detective Flight. 
 Sir. 
 Please...I have found him. 
 The fraudster Werner. 
 Seen him, in fact. 
 He is at Hatton Garden. 
 Will you not come? 
 Er, yes, sorry, of course... 
 Please. Five minutes, sir. 
 Mr Hinchcliffe. 
 Thanks for your urgent attention, Mr Flight. 
 Not at all. We must hope we find him there, still. 
 This is it, Detective. 
 H Division. 
 Then you have yourself lost, friend. 
 Do you see the article, sir? 
 There, Detective. 
 My stolen earrings! 
 ( He chokes ) 
 You do not give me those eyes. 
 You have been well safeguarded from the realities of your position. 
 This is your life. 
 Werner! 
 And you, sir, you fetch a mop. 
 Mr Shine, you have lost your reasoning. 
 You wish this lad to put me in irons and fetch me to his Leman Street masters. 
 Now come here. 
 ( He chuckles ) 
 You old kike! 
 You see, this lad here has been seen leaving in the company of this ex-gentleman here. 
 He returns to the Leman Street fold without neither of you, and questions get asked. 
 Que... Questions is going to get asked any which way. 
 Indeed. But you will be there to answer them. 
 "No, Mr Reid, I have never met a man named Hinchcliffe. 
 "No, sir, I know nothing of no jewellery order." 
 Who will there be to say otherwise? 
 In due course there will be nothing for it but to show you the door. 
 Well, what about their other methods of questioning a man? 
 His station house's reputation for violence walks ahead of his inspector. 
 They will torture me, Mr Shine. 
 Give me your hand, give me your hand... 
 Mr Reid has no stomach for such acts... relies instead on another man's brutality. 
 And that man - the good Sergeant Drake - is no more for that beat. 
 So you and the lad let yourselves out. 
 Sharp like. 
 ( Men cough and splutter ) 
 Begging your pardon, sir. Yes, miss? 
 Why is it you men dig so big a grave? 
 Many bodies are to be buried in it, miss. 
 The beggared and nameless dead of this parish. 
 Sergeant Artherton, no loss of life as yet? 
 None, sir. 
 The man, Werner, sir. 
 And so? 
 Denies it all. As one expects. 
 Good work, Flight. 
 Sergeant Artherton, have this man booked and locked down. 
 Now, where is Mr Hinchcliffe? 
 He's away home, sir, to pass the news to his wife. 
 You are aware, are you not, Flight, that he must make formal identification? 
 I am, sir, but he was insistent. 
 Well, you go, fetch him to me now. 
 Yes, sir. 
 You have no wish to speak with me, Bennet... 
 I see that. 
 But I will not be diverted now that I have found you, because I am your true friend. 
 I know that I have been cruel to you in the past. 
 And you must look at me now and see nothing but a reminder of your pain. 
 But I am your friend and I will not desert you. 
 So you go back to your graves and your dosshouses, and you be sure of this... 
 As the day begins and the night ends, you will find me waiting for you. 
 You think you can hide from life and perhaps another man might... but not a man such as you, Bennet Drake. 
 You believe yourself are cursed - you are not. 
 You believe you carry only pain into other people's lives - you do not. 
 Bennet, you brought love into mine. 
 A love that is keener now than ever it was. 
 You are a good man. 
 You are a good man. 
 I will say those words until the day I die. 
 Bennet Drake is the best of men and this life, this world, will not let him sink from its surface. 
 Miss Hart, please. 
 Mr Judge. 
 Mr Daniel Judge. 
 (Cockney accent) : Who? 
 I ain't ever 'eard of no Judge. 
 Please, sir. 
 You cannot bring a diamond here without that the house of De Graal discovers that act. 
 We know who you are, where you have been. 
 And now - thanks to our friend and associate Mr Finkel - we know where you currently reside. 
 The house of De Graal knows all and everything about you, sir. 
 Are you not pleased? 
 The wine is German. 
 And so I say again... are you not pleased? 
 I am not. 
 And I believe this fact known to you. 
 My house is no longer my own. 
 Your life is no longer your own, madam. 
 And yet you know what will make my presence here be a thing of the past. 
 Duggan...I cannot. 
 Miss Hart, you allow other women to perform an act from which you profit. 
 Yet you baulk at performing it yourself! Please! 
 I cannot. 
 Duggan, what are you doing? 
 Long Susan. 
 Why is it they call you so? 
 Because look - you are no bigger than a pepper pot. 
 But let me be clear. 
 You do not oblige me. 
 Myself, my men are the future for this house because I have it in mind, that your ladies do not work as hard as others in their profession. 
 This house's profits might be greater and so I shall see to it they are never, never off their backs. 
 And it will not be gentlemen. 
 Oh, no, it will be navvies and dockers and soldiers and they will be in and out so fast I shall install baffle gates to the doors. 
 Terrible things, madam, which only you have the power to prevent. 
 Think hard on my terms, madam, think hard. 
 And do not preoccupy yourself with thoughts of escape, because for a prize such as you, sweet Susan... I will pursue that to the end of time. 
 Flight? 
 What of Hinchcliffe? 
 I cannot find him, sir. 
 You have spoken to his family? 
 Left word for him? I have, sir. 
 Until he returns, we must deal with Mr Werner ourselves. 
 How is it we have not met before, Mr Werner? 
 Perhaps because I am an honest man, Inspector. 
 Nathaniel Hinchcliffe. 
 I have never heard that name. 
 He knows you, sir. 
 Does he, now? 
 I say he does not. 
 You established trade and trust and then you defrauded him. 
 Then you bring him here and let me deny it to his face. 
 Deny it all you wish, I know it for truth. 
 Well, I have heard it said that you are a man for fantasies, Inspector. 
 And that the power behind your threats is now gone from you. 
 Is that all the questioning you may muster? 
 Am I now to be released? 
 No, you are not! 
 ( Werner groans ) 
 You policeman... animals, to the last man. 
 ( He groans ) 
 As I say, animals. 
 It is almost three days and still there are no deaths reported in Whitechapel. 
 This does not give me cause for joy. 
 It gives me cause for grave foreboding. 
 There is evil afoot, Flight, and I cannot determine from where it springs. 
 I need Drake. 
 ( Crowd bays ) 
 Crowd : Smash him! 
 Come on, then. 
 ( Clattering and banging ) 
 Why do you send for me? 
 Because I love you. 
 Love is no use to me currently. 
 I swear to you, this could change everything. 
 Please? 
 ( He coughs and splutters ) 
 I... I-I swear... on everything I hold dear. 
 That is the problem with men such as yourself, Mr Judge. 
 You hold nothing dear. 
 Apart, perhaps, from that which you steal. 
 Nothing upstairs, brother. 
 ( He whimpers ) 
 It don't look like much, I grant you that. 
 And it is stolen, I assume. 
 Do you know what he says we can get for this? 
 Me and Daniel's share, 15,000. 
 That's ten for Duggan. 
 You and me... five to then live as we please. 
 A moment comes in a woman's life when she may no longer deal in dreams. 
 This? 
 This is fantasy... or it is death, and it might well be both. 
 No. 
 Captain Homer Jackson. 
 Matthew Judge. Husband. 
 No. 
 I will have no more of you and your dreams. 
 The world is what it is. 
 And I must live with that. 
 You Boer half-wits. 
 You have nothing on me. 
 Nothing... 
 So leave now or kill me. 
 But if kill me you must, know that you do so in the home of an inspector of the Metropolitan Police. 
 ( Knock at door ) 
 Come. 
 You work late. 
 You know my habits? 
 They are of a kind with mine. 
 Why have you come here? 
 I feel a despair in me. 
 And the thought of you...eases it. 
 You are hurt. 
 A man's jaw. 
 Why do you tell me this? 
 Do you wish me to disapprove? 
 No. 
 I need you to see my life as it is. 
 So that I may say that I am appalled... or that I am afraid of you? 
 Your work, its requirements, those are not the things that frighten me, Edmund. 
 What frightens me is your existence on this Earth. 
 ( He pants ) 
 ( Passionate groaning ) 
 Come. 
 ( Thunder rumbles ) 
 Only two more now, lads. 
 Steady now, watch your step. 
 I said, watch it! 
 No, you fool, look out! 
 Get him up. 
 Drake, you leave it where it lies. 
 I said, leave it! 
 Mr Reid, you must come now, sir! 
 ( Crowd murmurs ) 
 Referee : H Division! 
 Life, Mr Reid, is offended by you and me. 
 Oh, my Lord God. 
 I am heartily sorry for having offended you. 
 You see... 
 Fight him! 
 ..I cannot be ended. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 