Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x05 - Incendiary - The Romeo Section 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x05 - Incendiary https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=469&t=29441 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 11/03/16 05:21 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x05 - Incendiary 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously  on  "The Romeo Section"... 
 We have flushed out the one witness who could give us evidence, and gotten him killed. 
 This was an operation that was set up from the beginning as an act of provocation. 
 To provoke what? 
 I feel odd drinking to the end of your marriage. 
 Then let's drink to a new beginning of another chapter. 
 Norman : She committed herself voluntarily. 
 I was just showing Sonya our puzzle wall. 
 I don't give a sh1t if she has evidence for us or not, but I believe she does. 
 It was a set-up. 
 [skull crunching] 
 If you're thinking about payback, I want you to forget about it. 
 Rufus : It was Shorts... 
 [bottle smashing] 
 Be good if we find him before they do. 
 [tires squealing] 
 S02E05 - Incendiary 
 [clicks on flashlight] 
 [chain gate rattles and squeaks open] 
 [cell phone rings] 
 Yeah? 
 Found him. 
 In the underground. 
 Between Heatley and Campbell. 
 Stay there. 
 I'll come to you. 
 [gate rattles] 
 [door clanks open and shut] 
 I thought I asked you to leave it to me to deal with Andre. 
 I can't remember what you said. 
 I wouldn't f*ck with me right now if I was you. 
 I don't know what's going on with me, man. 
 I can't f*ckin' see straight. 
 You realize the sh1t you've stirred up? 
 You could've started a street war. 
 Maybe you have already. 
 I know. 
 I'm sorry. 
 I think I need to go to the hospital. 
 You're not going to any hospital. 
 You're getting out of town. 
 Yeah, I'll go. 
 I wouldn't mind some sun. 
 Like Hawaii. 
 Hawaii? 
 Good idea. 
 I've heard Maui is pretty sweet. 
 But I need you to do something for me before you go. 
 Hey. 
 Why don't you take the rest of the night off? 
 I just got here. 
 Something might be going down. 
 Let's pack it up. 
 You want to tell me what's going on? 
 We're packing up all the dope and taking it to your place. 
 Red's gonna drive you. 
 Tell you what, drop me off at my place, you can take the dope to your house. 
 I got my folks visiting. 
 Bullshit. 
 Why should I take the heat? 
 There's no heat. 
 Yeah? That's why you got a gun stuffed down your crack? 
 Quit f*ckin' around, get in the car. 
 I'm not taking the f*cking dope. 
 [starts engine] 
 Keep movin', buddy. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 [coughing] 
 [coughing thickly] 
 Hurry up. 
 Who's this now? 
 No... 
 What are you doing? 
 f*ck. 
 [Rufus banging on window] 
 Hey! Move along! 
 f*ck off! 
 [banging on window] 
 Let's go, buddy! 
 [walker rattling, coughing thickly] 
 Let's go! 
 [car horns honking] 
 All right, keep going. 
 No, the... 
 The front, you shithead! 
 The front! 
 Oh, sh1t. 
 [knocks] 
 Excuse me, I'm looking for 120865 Bluejay Way. 
 Okay, thank you. 
 [horn of nearby trains blaring] 
 [pill bottle rattles] 
 I got the files, thanks. 
 [dialing call] 
 [cell phone rings] 
 Rupert. 
 Hey, can you run a few plate numbers for me? 
 Send 'em over. 
 Thanks. 
 [coughing] 
 You ever going to tell me what this wall is all about? 
 Ah, it's just another dreary tale of greed, corruption and the downfall of humanity. 
 Same old song. 
 Looks like it could be dangerous. 
 The spice of life. 
 A little danger adds some pep to my day. 
 Try not to overdo it. 
 Yes, Mother. 
 So, who's screwing who here? 
 I like the look of that character. 
 Oh, sh1t! 
 [coughing] 
 f*ck... 
 [coughing] 
 Excuse me. 
 I'm looking for my cousin, Sonya. 
 [honks in greeting] 
 So sorry I'm late! 
 I thought you forgot about me. 
 Never. 
 I just got lost in some thinking, forgot all about the time. 
 [shouts of children playing] 
 What's your puzzle about? 
 The names on the wall? 
 Well, that's an interesting thing. 
 I'm trying to put a picture together of what happened one day a year and a half ago. 
 I was asking you questions about the baseball park, what you saw and heard there? 
 That day, the day you were there, that's the day I'm trying to reconstruct. 
 For the insurance? 
 A young man was killed. 
 His family wants to know what happened. 
 Maybe you heard about that? 
 Maybe on the news. 
 Maybe you talked to a reporter, somebody from a newspaper about it? 
 Maybe. 
 I don't remember much. 
 Yesterday, we were at my place, you remember we were looking at the board? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 You remembered you went to the baseball game. 
 Uh-huh. 
 That happened about a year and a half ago, just around the same time you went into the hospital. 
 Do you remember your first day at the hospital? 
 Yes. 
 I met all the staff and the doctors. 
 That's pretty good. 
 You remember what happened before the ball game and after the ball game. 
 Maybe you remember what happened during the ball game. 
 No. 
 It's almost time for lunch. 
 I thought we could get some take-out, eat at my place. 
 How's that sound? 
 Good. 
 I have to be back at the hospital this afternoon sometime. 
 My cousin is coming. 
 Oh, I didn't know you had family here. 
 Me neither. 
 I've never even heard of him. 
 He just called up? 
 I guess. 
 He's from out East. 
 He said I wouldn't remember him. 
 I was just a baby. 
 Huh. 
 [door opens and closes] 
 Nice to see you again, Charlie. 
 It's been a while. 
 Too long. 
 Though I understand we're going to see a lot more of you back East. 
 Congratulations on that. 
 Everyone is eager to have you on board. 
 Great to hear. 
 I'm anxious to begin. 
 Oh, no thanks. 
 So, how can I help you today? 
 Uh, we okay to talk? You running anything? 
 No. It's safe. 
 Rupert Holmby. 
 A.K.A. Wolfgang f*cking McGee. 
 I know him. 
 You run him? 
 No. 
 Al Crenshaw runs him. 
 Bill West. 
 If you could say anyone runs him. 
 He's private sector, a contract asset. 
 Tricky. 
 Is he poking into this Quiller Inquiry, the terrorist thing at the ball park? 
 I don't believe I've heard anything about that. 
 Nobody internally looking into it you're aware of? 
 I'd have to say, based on what I know today, no. 
 Well, this Wolfgang character is, so scare him off it, will you? 
 This thing is signed, sealed, and delivered. 
 It's dead. 
 Of course. Understood. 
 I doubt he'll tell you who he's working for, but it would be helpful. 
 He's rarely forthcoming, and to be suspected when he is. 
 You've made me curious. 
 That's all you need to know. 
 Um, soon as you hit the capital, give me a call, I'll show you around, introduce you to the players. 
 There's going to be some big changes. 
 It's an interesting time, so be prepared. 
 I look forward to it. 
 Oh, uh, tell this Wolfgang to stop messing about. 
 We can turn his volume down pretty f*cking quick, if required. 
 I'll take care of it right away. 
 I know you. 
 [cell phone rings] 
 Yeah? 
 Yeah, there's one company who owns the lease to a bunch of those vehicles. 
 Something called Global Standard, Corporate Personnel Training. 
 Is that what you're looking for? 
 Global Standard, got it. 
 Your bottle is in the mail. 
 This is turning into a steady f*ckin' drip, isn't it? 
 I'm gonna keep coming back on you until this thing starts to make sense, so you can either be helpful, or you can continue to muddy the waters. 
 Your decision. 
 Now, this guy, Michael Gary, you know him? 
 He was on the scene. 
 One of the last guys to roll up. 
 What was he doing? 
 I don't know, man. 
 He took one look at the kid lying in the street, huddled up with the F.I.S. guys a couple minutes, he left, everybody scattered. 
 Okay? Goodbye. 
 H-Hold on. 
 This guy was giving federal agents orders? 
 I don't know for sure that's who they were. 
 Nobody's wearing nametags at these things, are they? 
 This better be the last f*ckin' time I ever see you. 
 [ice cubes tinkling] 
 [cell phone rings] 
 Look who it is. 
 Your ears must be burning. 
 It wasn't me hit your place. 
 Is that right? 
 You can tell Andre I had nothing to do with it. 
 My place got hit, too. 
 Bullshit. 
 Come on over, have a look for yourself. 
 Come on, let's go, my man. 
 You'll be safe here. 
 For how long? 
 Until I figure out what to do with you. 
 [exhaling doubtfully] 
 What if I just go and I don't come back. 
 Andre wants you dead. 
 That means every biker in the country is gonna know your name. 
 I got people in Oregon. 
 I can disappear there. 
 Cops are looking for you, too. 
 How you gonna cross the border? 
 I don't know, I'll take the f*cking woods. 
 I'm gonna talk to Andre. 
 Maybe we can negotiate something, so you don't have to live the rest of your life on the run. 
 How about that? 
 [wincing] f*ck... 
 My head is pounding. 
 Red's coming with smokes, and food, and whatever you need. 
 I need some painkillers. 
 Sure, just... sit tight. 
 I'm gonna take care of you. 
 [wincing] 
 Quit pokin' around. 
 Sit down, let's eat. 
 I'm not hungry. 
 You can watch me eat then. 
 I'm starving. 
 All those meds they got me on, I eat like a bird. 
 [struggling with drawer] 
 I need to borrow a couple of tools. 
 What for? 
 Well, because the handyman they have at the home is a true f*ckin' idiot. 
 [laughs, choking] 
 What do you need? 
 A cordless drill, and a couple of brackets. 
 Help yourself. 
 I'm gonna leave that shithole in better shape than when I found it, that's for sure. 
 Don't talk like that. 
 Like what? 
 Never mind. 
 I should run you back soon anyway. 
 What kinda mustard are you using? 
 You don't like it? 
 Spicy. 
 It's the regular kind. 
 It's the same kind Mom used every f*ckin' day. 
 Okay. 
 Take it easy. 
 I'm sorry. 
 For what? 
 Well, for always looking over your shoulder. 
 It's a... a bad old habit. 
 Don't worry about it. 
 We worried about you for a long time, especially your mother. 
 [gently] I know. 
 But I'm real proud of what you're doing here now. 
 
 
 
 The guy you tore up? 
 Shorts? 
 It was him. 
 What's his problem? 
 He got it into his head I had something to do with Bennie. 
 Where would he get that idea? 
 I don't know. 
 You guys must've knocked a screw loose or something when you jumped him. 
 Where is he now? 
 He went on a rampage, and now nobody can find the guy. 
 I don't believe you. 
 You want to see the f*cking security video of him burning down my back door? 
 I would, yeah. 
 Back at school, are we? 
 If only I was 30 years younger. 
 I need a minute of your time, that's all. 
 I'm clocking you. 
 Are you investigating the Quiller Commission report? 
 No. I'm not familiar with it. 
 An Inquiry into a terror incident here a year and a half ago. 
 I vaguely remember. 
 I was probably in China at the time. 
 Good, then I won't have to warn you off it. 
 That comes from the top. 
 Well, I wouldn't know who that is. 
 But I'll take your word that they're incredibly important in the scheme of things. 
 Thank you. 
 One other thing, have you had any recent contact with Professor Song? 
 No contact for six months now. 
 You wanted it that way. 
 Thank you. 
 I'll be on my way. 
 I don't like you, but I hate to see any man make a complete ass of himself. 
 Go on. 
 If you're considering working with Professor Song, I hope you realize that she's connected to the People's Republic. 
 How so? 
 Other than being a Chinese citizen. 
 Well, if you've done any serious vetting of her background, you'll have found that she's got family connections in the triads, and they're connected to the Chinese Secret Service. 
 I'm aware of her background, but if you care to elaborate with detail... 
 She's on their team. 
 I thought you would have discovered that some time ago. 
 I hope you haven't let her too far in the door already. 
 No worries there. 
 But why wouldn't you mention this before? 
 Rather risky not to. 
 She was my asset, but you wanted her. 
 If you'd only stayed the f*ck out of it, I would have continued working her until I had turned her. 
 Turned her. 
 Worked her as a double? 
 That was always my intention, and then you got your f*ckin' self involved, and messed it all up. 
 Thank you for your insight. 
 Till we meet again. 
 Let's try to avoid that. 
 [dialing call] 
 [call ringing] 
 Lily :  Hello? 
 Hello. 
 Uh, I'd like to get together this evening. 
 All right. 
 The usual place? 
 Yeah. Around 8:00. 
 See you then. 
 [call disconnects] 
 Guy here asking for you. 
 Looks like you had a little fire. 
 Yeah. 
 I hope you have insurance. 
 Nope. 
 Well, that's not good. 
 We're putting it back together. 
 The name's Frank Cosmo. 
 Rufus, right? 
 You a lawyer? 
 Well, I have a law degree, in a closet somewhere. 
 What do you want? 
 I look after a lot of interests here in the neighbourhood. 
 Andre's, yours, everybody's. 
 I don't remember asking anybody to look after my interests. 
 I think it's in your interest that this situation between you and Andre doesn't escalate any further, am I right? 
 On my end, it's not going to. 
 Great. 
 Why don't we sit down tonight and talk about it? 
 Andre's, 10:00, sound good? 
 Sure. 
 Perfect. 
 See you then. 
 Good luck with the clean-up. 
 Bikers. 
 Bikers. 
 Really? This couldn't wait? 
 No. 
 There's an agent showing the house tomorrow, it's all got to go. 
 Oh, I see you have witnesses. 
 There's more suits upstairs in the closet. 
 If you sabotage my job, you'll only be punishing yourself. 
 You'll get no support from me. 
 I have the house. 
 They tell me it's a hot market. 
 I'll survive. 
 [door opens] 
 Don't take forever up here. 
 I'm hoping you'll sooner or later realize you're making a mistake. 
 Don't forget this. 
 That's yours. Please keep it. 
 I don't like guns in the house. 
 I never did. 
 When you first engaged me, you speculated that if someone wanted to pass a controversial intelligence bill in parliament, they might need a little extra provocation to get the vote over the top. 
 Well, I believe that is what we're dealing with, and I believe that Michael Gary is the man who engineered it. 
 Gary runs a company called Global Standard. 
 It's a private security outfit. 
 They've got global affiliates and a big ambition, and they feed mostly off of government contracts. 
 They specialize in industrial asset protection. 
 They can put boots on the ground wherever you need them within hours. 
 Not so uncommon these days, private armies protecting corporate resources. 
 On the eve of the vote in parliament, on a bill which, if it had passed, would potentially provide hundreds of millions of dollars worth of contracts for Mr. Gary's company, a young man attempted to set off a bomb at a baseball stadium. 
 The bomb never went off inside the stadium, yet the young man was killed by a former employee of Mr. Gary, and later, that same employee allegedly committed suicide minutes before he was about to confess the details. 
 This is not proof. 
 It's speculation. 
 This is what we had at the beginning. 
 You must bring me proof before you bring me the head of Mr. Gary. 
 I need a living, breathing, credible witness. 
 [pills rattling] 
 [knocking on door] 
 [opens door] 
 Come in. I'm just finishing up with a phone call. I'm just going to take it in this room. Lily :  Okay. [running tap water] Come inside. What's wrong? Come inside. People can see you out there. Right, I'm sorry. I'm awfully new at all this. I'll be more careful. Yes, you'll have to be. Lily :  You're upset. Sproule :  That was my divorce lawyer on the phone. Never a lot of fun... [glasses clinking] And the meter running at $500 an hour. Lily :  Oh. Sproule :  I apologize. I shouldn't let it bother me. I've got to ask you, are you in touch with Wolfgang? Lily :  It's been months. I understood I was not to have any contact. Sproule :  You're not. So I'm glad to hear it. I've talked with him, and he's understandably bitter. He feels that we've stolen you from him. That's not how I view it. I'm glad. You have a lot of things on your mind. And I've got just the trick. Don't move, stay right there. Here we go. [chuckling] It doesn't work unless you go with it. [sighs] I don't want to give you the wrong idea, that because my wife and I are having... issues that I'm looking for anything other than a... professional liaison. I'm sorry. I'm getting too familiar. It's not you. I find myself  being charmed by you, and... and right now that would probably be the worst thing that could happen. You're right there, old son. [roar of traffic] Despite everything that went down, I know there's a lot of respect here. The fact that we can sit down together speaks volumes. I want to be clear, I had nothing to do with this place getting hit. You deny that your guy's responsible? No, I do not. We all know who f*cking did it. Shorts is a f*cking lunatic. He hit my place, too. Yeah, did he send any of your guys to the f*cking burn unit? He tried to burn down my shop. Damage can be fixed. They had to induce our doorman into a f*cking coma. All right, look, the responsibility of leadership extends to discipline among members of your crew. That's an unwritten rule. If you can't enforce rules or discipline, then you as leader are responsible. Now, what would resolve this issue for you, Andre? Turn this shitbag Shorts in to us for punishment. Would you agree with that? I can't argue with it. Then give him up. If I knew where he was, I would. That's bullshit... All right, all right. If Shorts admits to his guilt, and agrees to some sort of punishment, and make compensation payment to the victim, to be determined by a further meeting, would that satisfy? That would be a start. I'd live with that. Okay. Thank you, gentlemen. A pleasure, as always. I wanna know more about that guy Frank. [crickets chirping] I have confiscated 20,000 chests of opium from the British. They expect compensation. They will not receive it. Dump all the poison in the harbour, and make certain the British have an excellent view. Beautiful work today, really. Thank you for saying so, Tony. We just might have a great f*cking movie here. I hope so. Excuse me. I needed to talk to you. You might have heard the rumours that my husband has betrayed me with another actress. Yeah. Sorry to hear about it. It's no surprise to me. This is the way of men. But it means that he is no longer paying attention to this movie, and I suspect he may even let it collapse. He will start cutting off the supply of heroin, and that would affect not only me, but you and Tony, and we would be all left with debts. That's no good. I suggest you sell as much as you can as fast as you can, and if you help me, I will give you a share of the profits from this movie. What's that worth? That depends on how much money you can bring in. There are over 20,000 chests of opium destined for the bottom of Canton Harbour. I can tell you which corner of the exact warehouse on the precise street. In exchange, I wish to join your society and enjoy its privileges. The Emperor's son wishes to join a secret society dedicated to the toppling of his own father's government. I am one of his least important sons. Show me where this opium is kept. The storehouse at the end of the harbour. Here. At low tide, a sampan can slip beneath the pier. We brothers born apart, we will die together. We brothers born apart, we will die together. Loyalty shall lead to prosperity. Loyalty shall lead to prosperity. Traitors, renegades, and those who have no honour shall be killed by three knives and five thunderbolts, mercilessly pursued, and cursed by the gods. [online video of speech plays] The Canadian military is respected around the world when it comes to conventional operations, but we don't live in a conventional world anymore. What does the battlefield look like in this day and age? What does a counter-insurgency look like? What will it look like 10 years from now? Our success is based on our team. Men and women who have served. Men and women with security training, intelligence training. Our skill set is finding existing pools of talent,  giving them the right training,  the right resources, and re-tasking them for the mission of tomorrow. [door opens] I won't take long. You should have called. You'd have hung up like the last three or four times. I want you to know I, uh, plan on leaving town. I was offered a position in Montreal. Chair of Asian Studies at McGill. It's a good opportunity. I'm happy for you. I have a suspicion Mr. Sproule arranged the whole thing. I'm sure he probably did. I wouldn't put it past him. I think he'll likely be pulling your strings for decades to come. I'm also afraid Mr. Sproule suspects me. His attitude changed overnight. He tried to hide it, but he was... very cold. He knows you're a Chinese asset. I think he does, or at least suspects it. Oh, well. Bound to happen. Not entirely unexpected. I want out of this game. These are your problems now. What if I confess to him, offer to play both sides? He might entertain the idea. If he doesn't? Prison would be my guess. Chinese or Canadian, I'm not sure. But who knows, they might be willing to play ball. I guess it just depends how tightly you've got them wound. I think about you a lot. Me too. [hastily scattering paperwork] [steady tapping] [club music pounding] Why isn't she in the hospital? Because a cousin she never heard of suddenly showed up looking for her. She's here of her own free will, and she's coming out of it. The worst thing that can happen is she has a night of fun. [laughing] [sighs] What's wrong? Michael Gary. Who's that? Well, I knew him as Jack Peterson. We crossed paths briefly in Honduras. When was this? Late '90s, when we were there. I don't remember him. He helped set up the death squads. Now he's a private contractor. I wish I could remember everything for you. I think somebody slipped you a drug. Why would they do that? Because you saw something you weren't supposed to see. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 