Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x03 - A Rigged Game - The Romeo Section 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x03 - A Rigged Game https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=469&t=29177 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/20/16 02:53 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x03 - A Rigged Game 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on The Romeo Section... 
 Fergie : Informant got murdered the other night. 
 Now I got a really big hole to fill. 
 Wolfgang : I may have someone for you. 
 Rufus : We'll front you. 
 We'll take the money as it comes in, we'll cut you in. 
 Al : Professor Song is my asset. 
 You're crossing the line being seen with her. 
 Kent : He started running towards me, screaming, and I fired, and he went down. 
 He's a lying sack of sh1t. 
 The pathologist said the kid was hit in the back of the head. 
 Everything will come back like a puzzle. 
 You've got to find the pieces and patch it together. 
 It would take quite a significant operation to coordinate a cover-up. 
 Someone who might be a member of our intelligence service. 
 We're looking at shadows on a wall. 
 S02E03 A Rigged Game 
 [knocking] 
 [whispering urgently] Come in, come in. 
 Thank you. 
 There's something I want you to see. 
 This is some of what we know so far. 
 You've been busy. 
 I couldn't get to sleep. 
 Why am I not surprised? 
 Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. 
 These are the members of the Quiller Inquiry board. 
 Over here, we have the coroner's report. 
 Local detective first on the scene. 
 Feds, second on the scene. 
 Service, third. 
 Our victim, slash suspect... 
 Handler, question mark. 
 Who's the Ghost? 
 That is the invisible man who pulls your strings. 
 Now, if you tell me his name, I'd put it up there, but as you aren't telling me his name, I call him "the Ghost." 
 And if you tell me who pulls the Ghost's strings, I'd put that name up there, but I guess that's another name that shall not be spoken. 
 Who's this? 
 You've got them connected to just about everyone. 
 That's you, Wolfgang. 
 The investigator influences the whole when he inserts himself into the environment. 
 Oh... and this is whoever knocked the poor investigator on the head and stole his wallet. 
 Random? Hmm. 
 Well, we're just beating the bushes. 
 We haven't flushed any game yet. 
 We're still unaware of what we don't know. 
 Impressive. 
 Thank you. 
 Khalil Mustapha was his name. 
 That sounds familiar. 
 He was shot, up by the baseball stadium. 
 Oh, yeah, the bomber. I remember. 
 Who called you to pick up the body? 
 Oh, I just happened to be here, so somebody just told me to take it to Brown's to have him cremated. 
 Who would have told you? 
 I think it was a homicide detective? 
 He didn't have his paperwork ready, but he just wanted it out of here. 
 Said he'd follow up with the paperwork later. 
 Is that usual, that you'd deliver it without the paperwork? 
 Ask my dispatcher, or ask up at the crematorium. 
 They'll have their paperwork. 
 So the decision to cremate the body had been made before it left the morgue? 
 Why are you asking me? 
 All I do is pick up and deliver. 
 That's it. 
 Anything else is none of my business. 
 Excuse me, I gotta go. 
 Uh, did anyone from the Inquiry ask you about any of this? 
 I never heard of any inquiry. 
 Who told you there was no next of kin? 
 The form probably came with the body, it usually does. 
 Here it is. 
 You can see it right there. 
 That right there says "no next of kin," so we cremated him as soon as he arrived. 
 Who pays for that? 
 No family, so I would invoice the city. 
 It said "no next of kin." 
 I didn't know he had a family. 
 Is it the family that's suing? 
 The client doesn't want their name mentioned during the investigation phase of the case, but, yes, it's family. 
 [sighing] I mean, I sympathize with them. 
 The mother was just shattered. 
 I apologized, and tried to explain. 
 I'm not sure if she understood me. 
 She didn't want to take his ashes. 
 He was Muslim. 
 They don't cremate. 
 I knew that, but I didn't know he was Muslim. 
 How would I know? 
 You don't wear a badge that says "Muslim." 
 No, not yet they don't. 
 [sighs] 
 Either you, or someone who prepares the body would have noticed his wounds. 
 I noticed. 
 A single wound, in the back of the head. 
 I tried to follow the case in the media, but it seemed to disappear pretty quickly. 
 I thought with him being a terrorist, they would have followed it up, but they didn't. 
 Were you ever asked to appear before the Quiller Inquiry and describe what happened? 
 No, nobody ever asked about it. 
 You're the first. 
 Thanks for your time. 
 The mother's been awfully quiet throughout all this. 
 She made only one comment in the media as far as I can tell. 
 She said Khalil would never hurt a fly. 
 That was it. 
 I'm going to go check in with her. 
 Why don't you go back to the psych ward, and see if you can get anything from that witness. 
 Back to the psych ward? 
 Is that a problem? 
 No, it's just... the whole atmosphere, it brings up some unpleasant memories. 
 [door opens] 
 It's clean. 
 Thank you. 
 [door lock beeps] 
 [sighs] 
 Here we go... 
 [sighs with satisfaction] 
 [door opens] 
 My name is Rupert Holmby. 
 I'm with North Pacific Insurance. 
 I wanted to ask you a few questions about your son, Khalil. 
 Insurance? 
 What is this about? 
 Well, the owner of the baseball stadium is a client, and there may be a lawsuit pending from one of the security guards. 
 The security guard who shot my son? 
 Yes. 
 He's suing me? 
 No, he's suing the stadium. 
 May I come in? 
 Of course. 
 Thank you. 
 The police say that your son was a strong believer in the jihad, and that he had been planning this for some time. 
 They showed me some of the things he was saying on the Internet, things he had written. 
 I couldn't believe it. 
 You don't believe it? 
 It's hard to accept that he could have such a hate in his heart. 
 I should have kept closer watch over him. 
 Do you believe that he planned the attack on his own? 
 No, and this is what I told the police. 
 Who did you tell? 
 There was a detective, a Japanese man, and there were others, too. 
 I told them, if Khalil did this, he could not have done this on his own. 
 I forgive that security guard for what he did. 
 It hasn't been easy, but I do forgive him. 
 He didn't ask for any of this. 
 Neither did you. 
 It hurts to take a life. 
 I saw this in my husband. 
 He fought in the war, and he found it very difficult to live with. 
 Is your husband still living? 
 No. 
 He died before we immigrated, when Khalil was young. 
 She's been restless since you started coming around. 
 Is that a bad thing? 
 Not at all. 
 It's nice to see her with some energy. 
 You're good with her. 
 I've had some experience. 
 Years ago, I spent some time in a similar institution. 
 This was Latin America. 
 What were you doing there? 
 Research. 
 For the insurance company. 
 I was born in 1996. 
 Oh, my. 
 That makes me feel old. 
 You don't seem that old. 
 Well, thank you. 
 I still think of myself as free, white, and 21. 
 "Free, white, and 21?" 
 It's a nasty old expression. 
 Now I'm really dating myself. 
 What does it mean? 
 Well, it's supposed to mean that you are beholden to no one, if you're white. 
 [quietly] Can I have one? 
 We can't smoke in here. 
 We'd have to go outside. 
 I shouldn't go outside. 
 [footsteps passing] 
 I'll give you one. 
 You can maybe find someplace to smoke it later. 
 Thanks. 
 Maybe we can go out that door. 
 If you say so. 
 Looks okay to me. 
 [lights cigarette lighter ] 
 You have some energy today. 
 I cut back on my meds. 
 Oh. 
 Ah-hah. 
 What have they got you taking? 
 Let's see... 
 Quetiapine, Clozapine, Chloropromazine, and a little bit of Lithium. 
 The old psychosis rundown. 
 Yup. 
 [tires skidding] 
 I tried calling last night. 
 Three times I got no answer. 
 What time was this? 
 Around 2:00. 
 I was probably sound asleep. 
 I meant I called the shop. 
 We gotta have people on the phones around the clock. 
 Good to know you weren't thinking of me. 
 What? 
 You've got the same look in your eye Bennie had just before he got shot. 
 What look is that? 
 Dollar signs. 
 Greed comes knocking? 
 "Gimme some more." 
 I'll see if I can have that translated and get back to you. 
 Yeah? Bennie was a smartass, too. 
 [authoritative knocking] 
 [metal plate sliding] 
 What? 
 Just want to talk a minute. 
 Who are you? 
 Friend of Bennie's. 
 Let me deal with it. 
 It's okay. 
 [snaps lock open] 
 Back away from the door a bit there, will ya? 
 If Bennie owed you money, you're wasting your time. 
 Nah, I wouldn't give Bennie a dime. 
 I knew him too well for that. 
 Fergie. 
 How'd you know him? 
 He was my informant. 
 Drug squad? 
 Yup. 
 [murmurs an invitation] 
 There's a few people disappointed you didn't do a better job protecting him. 
 Well, the job ain't finished yet, I'm just getting started. 
 What do you want? 
 Well, I was wondering, uh, maybe you heard something about who popped him. 
 Nope. 
 You must have a theory. 
 Maybe being a snitch had something to do with it. 
 You seem to be settling in nicely. 
 I'm just... helping out a friend whose old man died. 
 Yeah? 
 You know, now that Bennie's dead, maybe we could help each other. 
 I'm doing just fine on my own, thanks. 
 You know, Bennie was only independent because of me. 
 And dead for the same reason. 
 I'm not interested in being a rat. 
 No? 
 My buddy, Rupert, says otherwise. 
 Who? 
 Rupert Holmby. 
 Ah, maybe you weren't a rat, maybe you were just really cooperative. 
 Anyway, I know you guys go back. 
 I don't know who you're talking about, but I think it's time for you to f*ck off. 
 All right. 
 But when you're ready to talk, when being stupid gets tired, just call up the hotline and ask for Fergie. 
 It's all confidential. 
 Just a little word of wisdom for you... 
 You've been bought and sold, son. 
 You're riding my bench now. 
 [dialing call] 
 [call ringing] 
 Wolfgang : Rupert Holmby, leave a message. 
 [beep] 
 Don't bother sending any more f*cking scumbags around to hassle me. 
 We are done. 
 You mess with me again, I'll be giving it right back to you. 
 f*ck you. 
 Who was that? 
 I don't know. 
 Keep an eye out. 
 Could be a narc snoopin' around. 
 Well, the mother believes he did it. 
 Based on what? 
 They found bomb-making materials when they raided the house. 
 Every kitchen in this country has bomb-making materials if you know what to look for. 
 And they found ISIS literature on his computer. 
 All of which came to light after the Feds raided his house and seized his laptop. 
 It's a pretty basic scenario to retrofit. 
 The mother must think somebody put him up to it. 
 She did say that he started working after school with an older guy named Gary, doing construction. 
 But also talked to him often late at night on the phone. 
 If he had a handler, that's how it might go. 
 Now, she never saw him, but she did tell the police about him, and our detective told her that Mustapha had probably made the guy up. 
 "Our detective"? 
 The Japanese guy? 
 Yeah. 
 They also never found any evidence that he had a construction job at any time. 
 Which reminds me, you need to do something about the security here. 
 That door, these windows? 
 [cell phone rings] 
 North Pacific Insurance, Rupert Holmby speaking. 
 Let's get together. 
 I'm giving you directions. 
 Park on Station, walk back towards Main on the North side of the park. 
 You'll see me. 
 Right. 
 Who's that? 
 The security guard. 
 [power drill whining] 
 [drill whines] 
 [anxiously flicking lighter] 
 [door opens] 
 Who is this now? 
 These are for Lana. 
 She's not here. 
 Condolences from Andre and all the guys at the club. 
 There's a... there's a card. 
 You can leave them right there, and she'll see it. 
 Rufus, right? 
 Yeah. 
 
 
 
 Alonzo. 
 Welcome to the neighbourhood. 
 Thanks. 
 You been down to Andre's? 
 Not in a long time, no. 
 You should drop by. 
 Should be a good time tonight. 
 Andre wants to meet you, now that we're all neighbors. 
 Nights are tricky for me, but I'll try and stop by. 
 [chuckles] That means you're gonna bail. 
 No, it means I'll try and stop by. 
 It would be rude to bail. 
 Drinks are on us. 
 It'll be good. 
 Andre wants to meet you. 
 [roar of traffic] 
 [whistles for attention] 
 [quietly] Second floor. 
 Well, I'd like to know who you are. 
 You're obviously not insurance men. 
 I know a pair of spooks when I see them. 
 Let's keep it informal for now, shall we? 
 What's on your mind? 
 Well, you tell whoever you work for that I'm not gonna get hung out to dry on this, and I am not gonna go to trial. 
 The inquiry was bad enough. 
 Who would hang you out to dry? 
 Well, that's what I'm willing to tell you, if we can come to a deal. 
 Oh, we're talking deal now? 
 I want immunity from prosecution, relocation expenses, and protection for myself and my family, for life. 
 In exchange for what? 
 I can tell you who was pulling all the strings behind this whole operation. 
 I don't know it all, but I know enough to hang a few people. 
 Maybe more than a few. 
 We don't hang people here anymore. 
 You're gonna wanna rethink that. 
 We're going to need something substantial to present the argument. 
 Just tell whoever you tell that it's something that will bring your whole house down. 
 Yeah, they're gonna want more specifics than that. 
 What would convince them? 
 Were you Mustapha's handler? 
 Because I think you were. 
 I'll tell you what I'm not. 
 I am not gonna be the patsy in this f*cking thing. 
 When I get a deal, and it's papered, I'll tell you the whole f*cking story. 
 Okay... 
 [entry lock beeps, door opens] 
 Hello. 
 [brisk footsteps] 
 Oh, flowers, isn't that thoughtful. 
 Okay... 
 Hmm. 
 But where, oh, where shall I put them? 
 On the table? 
 Hmm... 
 Not quite right. 
 You've got high hopes, you b*st*rd. 
 Unbelievable. 
 Candles? 
 Well, that's a bit over the top. 
 Why don't you light one and stick it up your ass? 
 [chuckles] 
 She's probably never seen that trick before... 
 [cell phone rings] 
 Bill West here. 
 It's me. 
 I think you and I should get together and discuss your future. 
 What's to discuss? 
 Certain opportunities that arise with my new appointment. 
 Oh, so that's a shoe-in now, is it? 
 As expected. 
 Well, congratulations  again. 
 In the event that I vacate my position here, I'd like to recommend you as my successor. 
 And when will you make this decision? 
 When you agree that Professor Song is no longer your asset,  and you are to discontinue any contact. 
 I see. 
 Well, I'll have to give that some thought,  and I'll get back to you. 
 I'd appreciate a quick response. 
 All right. 
 Then I'll sleep on it. 
 The security guard was the shooter. 
 There were no charges brought against him, but now he fears that someone may be after him, and he might face a murder charge. 
 You flushed him out. 
 Well done. 
 He'll give up as much as he knows. 
 Tell him yes. 
 I'll get to work on it immediately. 
 Did he, um, give you any specifics? 
 No. 
 Just that it would bring down our whole house. 
 Meaning what, our own agencies initiated this? 
 That was my interpretation. 
 He was a bit skittish. 
 Set up the interview, I'll be there. 
 I want to put a few questions to him myself. 
 [knock on door] 
 [answers door] Professor Song :  Thank you for inviting me. Sproule :  Now, wait till you see this... b]Song[/b :  This looks lovely. Sproule :  I've got choices. Some champagne, a chardonnay. Song :  Let's start with the chardonnay. I heard some exciting news today. I got an email from McGill this morning, offering me a position out there. Sproule :  Really? Had you been in talks, or... Song :  No, this came right out of the blue. It's for the chair of Asian Studies. Sproule :  This presents some interesting possibilities. I'd be in Ottawa, and... Would you be teaching classes? You son of a bitch. You got her the job, you son of a bitch. You rigged it. [Sproule]: When would they want you? Song : I'm really thinking about this. It would be so nice to have a change. Sproule : Montreal is a wonderful town. I spoke to Bill today, by the way, and informed him that he will no longer be your contact. Song :  What did he say? Was he upset? Sproule, chuckling :  Oh, I'm pretty sure he was, probably still is. Song :  You know what, I'd like to go out. I just... feel like celebrating... What are you doing? Don't go out. Sproule :  Well, I have food if you're hungry... Keep him there, come on. Song :  There's a really lovely little bistro around the corner. It'll be dark, it'll be fun. You'll love it. Sproule :  Let's do it. Do you remember the name of it? I'll see if there's a table in the back. Song :  Oh, come on, let's just go and take a chance. [Sproule chuckling] Let's go. [muttering in annoyance] "Let's go." We're heading over to Andre's club for a bit. You're free to come and go. I don't have you on a chain. I'll be back to cover the night shift. When you get over to Andre's, take a minute to look around and pay attention. Anything in particular I should be paying attention to? Watch out for a guy who thinks maybe he's smarter than anybody else, trying to prove something, probably doesn't know what exactly, and thinks he's got the shortcut to the top. That's the guy to look out for. Okay... And if you happen to pass a mirror, take a good look, maybe you'll spot him in there. Rufus plus one. Those two are all good. That's all right, I'm not drinking tonight. Not drinking? It's a Saturday night. We're working. Yeah, but we're all working here. Thanks, but I'm... [chuckles] not thirsty. Pretend you're at a wedding. It would be rude not to raise a glass. Welcome to the neighbourhood. I grew up about five blocks east of here. I should be welcoming you. Rest in peace, Bennie. Bennie was a good buddy of mine. Mine too. The night he got dropped, Bennie was into me for 40 grand. Okay. What's it got to do with me? I see you in Bennie's spot. I see you with Bennie's girl. I see you making money on Bennie's number. That means you get Bennie's debt, too. [chuckles] I would have to be a real f*ckin' chump to pay a dead man's debts. [laughs] I pay you, I got all sorts of other guys coming out of the woodwork, claiming Bennie owed me this or that. I'm not just some guy coming out of the woodwork. I know, and... I appreciate the welcome party. If you want to talk business with a clean slate, I'm down for that. But you're not gonna squeeze a dime out of me for nothing. The interest on those 40 bills isn't gonna stop adding up. Have a good night. This kid could barely pass high school science,  and they expect us to believe he cooked up this bomb on his own. Never had a run-in with the law, he's never been on anybody's list, or anybody's radar. His mother says he starts hanging around with a construction worker, but nobody can prove that this guy even exists. And then one day, he just shows up, tries to plant a bomb at a baseball stadium. I mean, does that make a whole lot of sense to you? I was just over at Andre's club. He's putting the squeeze on us for Bennie's debt. 40 grand. You know he's patched in with the bikers. He's a puppet, yeah. Handle with care, that's how Bennie did it. And look where that got him. He trusted somebody, walked right up to 'em, and got his head blown off. I'm just a little tired of hearing "Bennie this" and "Bennie that" all the time. Too bad for you. You don't think I'm tired of wondering if Dee's coming back? She's not coming back. Good to know. Thanks for telling me. You've been brushing me back, so I'm keeping some distance. [gently] You don't need to. [gasps of pleasure] [cries and moans] What did Bennie do with all his cash? When he was high, he said he was thinking about converting all of his money into gold. Gold? [chuckles wryly] Yeah. He would check the price of gold every day. He showed me this gold coin. He was carrying it around in his pocket. Said it's better than a bank. Maybe, if you have a safe place you can stash it. I searched the shop up and down, the apartment, even his mom's place. Where else would he put it? f*ck if I know. Drives me crazy to think of all that cash rotting behind a wall somewhere. Is that everything from today? A little light. I gotta run. [reading, stilted]: "Our Empire possesses all things in abundance, and lacks no product within its borders. There is no need to import the goods of outside... Of outside barbarians." "Of outside barbarians in exchange for our own produce." These Europeans are not going to be deterred by words alone. Then they must learn to show respect. Three kneelings and nine knockings of the head upon the ground. They don't understand our rituals. But they will. Very soon. Then you have lost touch. You have no idea what goes on outside these palace walls. My spies do. Your advisors are not to be trusted. Who should I trust instead? You? Opium is the only thing that Europeans have that our people desire. You talk too much politics. It's unbecoming of an Imperial wife. I pray you to reconsider before it's too late. Too late for what? War. What a surprise. How long have you been waiting? Not long. I didn't want to leave the bag in here alone. I don't think anyone would steal from me. Maybe I wanted to say hello, too. Well... here I am. Where's Mei? Anybody have eyes on Mei? You should have told me that you met with Mr. Sproule. I know. I felt... uncomfortable the whole time. He insisted we go out to celebrate. Do you mind if I...? No, go ahead. Anyway, we just had a glass of wine, and I talked about my childhood, he talked about his... He called me today and offered me a promotion. It's put me in a very difficult position, and it doesn't look good for him. He bribed you? Well, he tried. Did he mention anything to you? No, but he wouldn't. He doesn't talk about you. Mostly about himself, the new job. He's a man with great ambitions, is our Mr. Sproule. I have something to tell you. I was offered a very nice job at McGill in Montreal. I've heard of it. Congratulations. What sort of job? It doesn't matter. I'm not going to take it. Still, I'm flattered. Did Sproule happen to mention how he'd be in Ottawa, you in Montreal, and how conveniently close that might be? Yes, of course. He's seducing me. [chuckles] Is he? He told me he feels like he's in the prime of life. [chuckles] Did he? Old Sproule is a very capable man. He was head of the Asia Pacific region for a while a decade or so ago. But perhaps he's lost a step or two. I just feel I need to let him know that I'm not interested in any type of... intimate relationship, and I'm not sure how to handle that. You should encourage him. You got something for me? I gave it to Mei. You know, that bag should be coming to me directly. She specifically asked me for it. I figured she outranks you. I'm the producer here. Yeah, and she's the wife of the executive producer. Well, well, somebody's learning quickly. I don't want to ruffle any feathers. Here's some advice, stay the f*ck out of the trailers after dark. [door opens] Wing is coming back, correct? I sure f*cking hope so. Mei calls sharply : Tommy! [continues angrily in Mandarin] [buzzing intercom] You... All this change is yours if this bike is still here when I get back. [door buzzes open] [knocks] What's up? Finally. Finally? You can't even get a pizza in under 30 minutes, yet here I am. What do you need? Four down. Two up. Four down, two up, that's 160. Right there. Where the f*ck are you going? What the f*ck? They call that the fencing response. [crowbar clattering] Means the brainstem got a nice jolt. Is he all right? Happens to hockey players all the time. I'd change rooms if I were you. [buzzes intercom] [buzzes intercom] He said 10:00. Hey. [muffled arguments of other tenants] [knocks gently] [knocking firmly] Looks like he's just stepped out, left a smoke going. Oh, Christ. Hey. f*ck. Check his pockets for a note. [sirens blip and wail outside] sh1t. Police. Let's go, come on. Wait, wait, wait... [police radio chatter] There's our detective. [police radio chatter] Cop's putting his prints all over everything. Body pick-up. Wrapped that up pretty quick. They're going to call this a suicide. You know, when we first arrived, there was a guy leaving. Yeah? Ball cap, shades. Yeah. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 