Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x09 - Des forces beaucoup plus puissantes et déterminées continuent de chercher à nous détruire - Versailles 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x09 - Des forces beaucoup plus puissantes et déterminées continuent de chercher à nous détruire https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=496&t=24421 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/29/15 14:00 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x09 - Des forces beaucoup plus puissantes et déterminées continuent de chercher à nous détruire 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Good morning, Sire. 
 It is time. 
 Of course. 
 Any news? 
 A messenger arrived during the night, Sire. 
 The ship carrying Her Highness left Calais the day before yesterday in clement conditions. 
 All being well, she will have arrived in Dover by now. 
 Was I wrong to send her? 
 I believe His Majesty always does what he considers best for France. 
 And if she does not return? 
 She will return, Sire. Of that I'm certain. 
 (papers rustling) 
 Letter for me? 
 From the King of Sweden, Sire. 
 Open it and tell me what it says. 
 The King has agreed to end his alliance with the Dutch and support us. 
 Good, now all we need is England. 
 What word of the prisoner who tried to kill Her Highness? 
 Bontemps : He's being questioned, Sire. 
 Tell Marchal I wish to see him. 
 Yes, Sire. 
 (Intro music) 
 ♪ I'm the King of my own land ♪ 
♪ Facing tempests of dust ♪ 
♪ I'll fight to the end ♪ 
♪ Creatures of my dreams, rise up and dance with me ♪ 
♪ Now and forever ♪ 
♪ I'm your King ♪ 
 (Musket Mike being hit) 
 (He pants and laughs) 
 Just so you know where you are. 
 (Musket Mike defiant, Fabien wipes his glove.) 
 Fabien : Well, then. 
 Who gave you the orders to kill her? 
 I don't know. 
 How did he contact you? 
 I forget. 
 (grunting) 
 (Fabien picking up spike) 
 Did you know that if you drive a spike through a precise spot in the skull the victim will still be able to think and speak but will otherwise be paralyzed for the rest of his life. 
 I, er...  
 Yes? 
 (breathing heavily) I never saw him. 
 He left me a note. Always in a different place. 
 (panting, sniffling) 
 (spike clanging) 
 Where were you before joining my police? 
 I worked in a tavern You know who William of Orange is? 
 No. 
 Are you scared? 
 Of what? 
 Do you visit him or does he come to France? 
 Who? 
 William of Orange? 
 Mmm, I don't know him. 
 Where's this tavern? 
 In the South. 
 Be very scared. 
 Of what? 
 Does he give you money? 
 Who? 
 William of Orange. 
 I'm telling you I don't know him I've never even been to Holland. 
 Who said he was from Holland? 
 You did though, didn't you? 
 The King wants you. 
 Immediately. 
 (clash of the hammer) 
 Don't take your eyes off him, talk to him or give him anything. 
 Welcome Your Highness And your journey? 
 Pleasant enough I apologise in advance the castle is a bit chilly at this time of year. 
 It's just the King I shall be seeing? 
 The Lords Arlington and Arundel will be in attendance. 
 May I see His Majesty before the official discussions begin, in private? 
 I fear not, Your Highness That would be most irregular. 
 Mmm, of course. 
 I was not made for this I don't have the courage. 
 You'll find the courage in the doing of it Your Highness. 
 Is something amiss, Your Highness? 
 Not at all. 
 His Majesty is in conference and will be with you shortly. 
 Thank you. 
 (conspiratorial music) 
 Where's Marchal? The King needs him Already gone, sir. 
 Rohan : So that is the traitor? 
 Guard : But Monsieur Marchal told us.. 
 Rohan : If I had my way, I'd have you hung, drawn and quartered. 
 (sniffs) 
 How gruesome. 
 What's this for? 
 For killing people. 
 Killing people? 
 Sir, please. 
 Killing them thus? 
 (guards groaning) 
 A guard is expecting you by the laundry room. He'll show you the exit. 
 You will visit our mutual friend in Paris. 
 And tell him I want the 20 best men at his disposal. 
 You will take them to the usual place and await my instruction. 
 Thank you. 
 (Musket Mike leaves) 
 Charles laughing : Minette, my dear younger sister! 
 Henriette : Brother! 
 Last time I saw you, you thought a ghost hiding under your bed! 
 I hope you got rid of it! 
 I come not as your sister but as an emissary of France. 
 I see. 
 Well, no matter. I am pleased to see you. 
 Now then down to business. 
 We have seen your King's proposals and I fear I cannot accept them in their entirety. 
 He seems to see England as a small and insignificant neighbour with no ambitions. 
 He wishes us to stand by while he invades Holland and steals their trade. 
 This is unacceptable. 
 He proposes to aid us in our in our relations with the Pope but with what guarantee? 
 In short his proposals lean too heavily in France's favour. 
 How much do you want? 
 I beg your pardon? 
 You are bankrupt. 
 (Charles laughing) 
 Ah, what a charming thought Six years ago the City of London was struck by plague. 
 Two years later it was destroyed by fire. 
 You are bankrupt. 
 But prefer not to admit it. 
 I ask again. 
 How much? 
 This is really not how one conducts these matters. 
 It is how I conduct them. 
 My dear sister I prefer you to address me as Your Highness. 
 (Charles sighing) 
 We had in mind something in the region of 500,000 per month for a year. 
 In return.. 
 300 per month for six months. 
 One can do so little with 300,000 crowns. 
 Furthermore, we will provide a personal armed guard of 5,000 men. 
 A personal guard? Whatever for? 
 To protect your head, Brother. 
 You're certain it's William of Orange behind this? 
 Without doubt, Sire. 
 You'll get the truth from the prisoner? 
 I will extract all that he knows, Sire. 
 However, it is unlikely he knows everything. 
 His masters will ensure he only knows what's necessary. 
 I wish to speak with him myself. 
 (Fabien sighing again and again with frustration) 
 Guard every exit! Form a search party! 
 Send men to every tavern and whorehouse. 
 Alert our agents in Paris and Orléans. 
 Now! 
 This is unfortunate. 
 For me, because I'm no longer safe in my own home. 
 For France because William of Orange will soon wear her crown And for my head of Security because it's not the first time he's failed and he no longer has the trust of his employer... 
 (Louis sighs) 
 It's true, Sire, that I consider Mr Marchal to be driven more by violence than reason, I do believe him to be a man of trust and integrity. 
 He has failed me. 
 He has, Sire. 
 But believe me, without him Your Majesty wouldn't be alive. 
 (Louis sighs) 
 On reflection I am willing to accept His Majesty's offer. 
 You will return to France with the treaty signed I'm gratified to hear it. 
 You are sure I can trust him, Minette? 
 Of course. 
 You share the same ambitions. 
 I hardly think so. 
 Louis wishes to place himself at the center of the universe. 
 I do not. 
 He wants to be known to posterity as a great King. 
 Not you? 
 No, my ambitions are more modest. 
 I wish to be known as a King who did no harm to anyone. 
 How thoughtless of me. 
 I forgot to ask how you were. 
 I am well, thank you. 
 Do you miss England? 
 I miss my brother. 
 When he's not trying to humble his sister... 
 Cassini : The sun IS the center! 
 The heart, the mother of the universe. 
 Without its warmth and light all life is gone. 
 Man will cease to exist. 
 One could believe he's talking about you. 
 Perhaps you could apply the measurement to France? 
 The topography of France is already begun. 
 Splendid! 
 Let's hope the size of our holdings isn't overblown. 
 (laughter) 
 I regret, Sire the preliminary results indicate that France is not so big as we thought. 
 You mean to subtract with your sums the lands I gained in war in the Spanish Netherlands? 
 No one can argue with the truth, Sire. 
 Not even a King. 
 I bow before the power of scientific truth. 
 Brother! 
 I confess to being disappointed in you. 
 Why? 
 I asked you to take charge of court etiquette. 
 You promised to think of it but they seem to go nowhere. 
 You know well, your proposition doesn't interest me. 
 It wasn't really a proposition. 
 I suggest you think again. 
 In the hope that this time your thinking bears fruit. 
 Her Higness is expected to return tomorrow, Sire I'm relieved to hear it. 
 As am I. 
 (Philippe sighs) 
 You were always good at cards as a child. 
 I cheated. But you never noticed. 
 Now he tells me. 
 'Course you wouldn't dare to now. 
 I fear there's no need. 
 Colbert : His Majesty scores 88 points. 
 Lord Rohan, 103. 
 His Majesty owes Lord Rohan 25,000 francs. 
 Louis : Another? 
 Very well. 
 (looking at Fabien) 
 Yes? 
 (whispering) My men have searched the palace, the village and surroundings The prisoner has long gone. 
 (clinking of metal) (conspiratorial music) 
 I owe you two million francs my friend. 
 You'll receive them in the morning. Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm weary. 
 Rohan : My King...  
 Colbert : Sire, it is by no means certain that we have 2 million francs, here at the palace. 
 Then my reign will be shorter than I'd have liked. 
 (Montespan coughs) 
 Please allow me to recoup your losses, Sire. 
 Should you succeed, you'll know where to find me. 
 (Fabien sniffing) 
 (strong knocking) 
 I believe this is what was used to poison your father and me. 
 Where did you find it? 
 In a Lady's dress. 
 Without doubt a poison. 
 Oleander. 
 Do you know the person who made this? 
 All too well. 
 (door opens) 
 Sorry to disturb you, Sire. 
 But Madame insisted on seeing you. 
 Thank you. Please leave us. 
 Am I still King? 
 Still King. Still my master. 
 How did you subdue your enemy? 
 By Playing a silly girl, by using my feminine wiles and by being better than him. 
 Feminine wiles? 
 I'm jealous. 
 (laughing) No reason. 
 Perhaps you should use them on me. 
 Your wish is my command. 
 Can't remember when I was last hungry. 
 What did the King mean about etiquette? 
 Some idea of his to make me look a fool. 
 He wants me to make rules telling people how to behave at court. 
 He wants to turn us into puppets. 
 Is it such a bad idea? 
 Yes. 
 I think it's possible you underestimate him. 
 And may potentially allow envy to blind you to his talents. 
 I do not underestimate him. 
 I merely see him as he is. 
 No better way to keep control than by dictating their words and movement. 
 Brilliant. 
 If you say so. 
 Besides he gave me back to you. 
 You mean I'm indebted to him? 
 Yes, my dear. 
 It must be torture for you. 
 What are you doing? 
 Getting paper. And a quill. 
 What for? 
 My darling we're going to turn the nobles of Versailles into obedient servants. 
 From now, everyone will know how to be from dawn 'til dusk. 
 How to walk, how to talk, how to address a man or a woman how to sit and where. 
 How to behave in front of the King. 
 And you, my stallion will be the master of ceremonies. 
 You're mad. 
 Let's be mad together. 
 Fabien : With your permission I will deal with her as I see fit. 
 You would have her tortured? 
 No, I fear that would give her more pleasure than pain. 
 And the daughter? 
 If she were involved, Your Highness would be dead. 
 Everywhere, I see the hand of William of Orange. 
 He seeks to undermine our alliance with England. 
 Perhaps this failure will put an end to his efforts. 
 On the contrary. 
 It will only encourage him. 
 (Music with heavy beat) 
 William of Orange, Your Majesty. 
 I understand a ship, sporting French colours left port a few days ago. 
 Yes, I believe a cargo of wine and cheese recently arrived. 
 From what I'm told its cargo was never destined for a banquet. 
 Well, I shall make some inquiries then. 
 No need for that. I'd like what the French King's sister-in-law was doing here. 
 Visiting her brother. 
 Do they not do so in Holland? 
 You see if I were Louis and I wanted to attack Holland the first thing I'd do is approach her allies. 
 Tell Sweden to turn a blind eye and convince England to join. 
 And what would I offer in return? Money! 
 (sniffily) 
 And whom would I send? A seasoned diplomat? 
 Or perhaps someone very close to the King of England. 
 Someone you would naturally trust. 
 Your argument would carry much weight but for one glaring weakness. 
 Which is? 
 Would I join forces with Louis and attack the Dutch? 
 If I were proposing a marital alliance to the man soon to be King of Holland. 
 (swallows hard) I don't understand. 
 You've not met your first cousin. 
 My niece, Mary, before. 
 No, it's an honor. 
 Mary is looking for a husband. 
 And you, I believe, a wife. 
 You're from the South, Sophie? 
 Near Pau, Your Highness. 
 Do you miss it? 
 No, my place is here. 
 You are seduced perhaps by dreams of a good marriage. 
 Power, fortune, perhaps even a place next to the King. 
 Oh, well... um. 
 Don't worry, we all are. 
 Beware, Sophie. 
 You live in the most exciting place in the world. 
 But it's easy to lose yourself in it. 
 The most important thing of all is to belong. 
 Don't you belong at Versailles, Your Highness? 
 Does His Majesty know of this? 
 It was His Majesty's idea. 
 I see. 
 
 
 
 Philippe : We rely on you to pass it to everyone in the palace. 
 And anyone who is seen transgressing the rules of etiquette shall be sanctioned. 
 I fear they may balk at such an imposition on their daily lives. 
 Sooner or later even the wildest horse accepts the halter. 
 Very well. 
 (Signing together) 
 We now have a base for munitions in Dunkirk, Courtray, Lille, Brisach Pignerol, Metz and Thionville. 
 Enough for how long? 
 For a six month campaign, Sire. 
 Very good. Start preparing troops. 
 Already, Sire? 
 I want them in uniform and ready for battle by spring. 
 Very well, Sire. 
 Thank you, Sire. 
 Is it now customary for the monarch to perform a servant's task? 
 We are all servants of France are we not? 
 How was England? 
 Cold I've never been to England but I'm told it rains perpetually and its people forever apologise. 
 I'm sorry to contradict His Majesty but that is a myth. 
 Louis : Hmm. 
 (Beatrice grunting) 
 (insistent music) 
 Hello, Mother. 
 Hello, dear. 
 Mother, Her Highness has promised to present me to Mr de Quercy. 
 She says he'd be a good match. Imagine, me a duchess! 
 No longer a builder? 
 You told me to forget him, remember? 
 What are you doing? 
 I've lost a brooch. 
 No something's wrong. What? 
 No, nothing. 
 What's the news of our situation? 
 I believe soon to be resolved. 
 If I marry a duke we'd be safe, won't we? 
 Yes. Don't forget where we're from. 
 Mother, the day we left you wished me a happy trip to England. 
 How did you know I was going? 
 Oh, you know, court gossip. 
 You're hiding something. 
 If I'm hiding anything from you it's for good reason. 
 "The two Kings will declare war against the provinces of Holland. 
 The King of France will attack by land. 
 And receive the help of 6,000 men from England. 
 The King of England will send 50 men-of-war. 
 And the King of France thirty. 
 His Britannic Majesty will receive Walcheren, the mouth of the Scheldt and Cadzand as his share of the conquered provinces. 
 The King of England will publicly profess the catholic faith and will receive 2 million crowns in the course of the next six months". 
 Louis : We were ready to go to three millions I wasn't. 
 (laughter, applause) 
 This calls for a celebration. 
 Tomorrow. In the meantime you must rest. 
 May I ask how you feel? 
 A little weary. 
 Sleep and repose. 
 She must have broth for a week with sorrel and rosemary. 
 Yes, of course. 
 If the King says you're a man, you're a man. 
 It's not necessary. 
 Mr Marchal, I was hoping I might see you. 
 I wonder, might I have a word. 
 Of course. 
 You see I conceived the notion you're upset with me. 
 Why would I be upset with you? 
 (Sighs) 
 Because I lied about who I am. 
 Mmm. 
 The paper you used was of Swiss origin. 
 And not available in France at the time you claimed to have been born. 
 I underestimated you. 
 Why would you lie to me? 
 Because I was scared. 
 I care for you. 
 You see, I first came to court intending to find a match for my daughter. 
 Then I discovered yet another reason to stay here. 
 (Sighs) 
 Have you found someone for your daughter? 
 No, not yet. 
 But may I ask what you intend for us? 
 You won't have us banished, will you? 
 Hmmm. 
 No, 
 I'm sure the matter will be resolved favorably. 
 (sighing) Good. 
 Hmm, What news from court? 
 Every speaks of the masked ball tomorrow. 
 Thank you. 
 What is your name again? 
 Marie, Your Highness. 
 Thank you, Marie. 
 What will you be wearing? 
 I don't know, I can't decide. 
 I remember my first masked ball. 
 I danced all evening with a tall man wearing the mask of Apollo. 
 At the end of the evening he took me out onto the terrace, kissed each of my fingers, and then left. 
 Well, who was he? 
 To this day I do not know. 
 And will Your Highness be going? 
 I don't think so, I'm a little tired. 
 But it is in your honor, Your Highness. 
 His Majesty will be disappointed. 
 (Henriette sighs) 
 Good morning! 
 What are doing here? 
 I'm here to watch a piece of theatre. 
 In my bedroom. 
 Yes. 
 It's called the Grand Lever. 
 A comedy of manners with tragic undertones. 
 From now on your life is not yours. 
 All you do is designed to be seen and admired. 
 Dressing, shaving, drinking and eating. 
 They are no longer actions; but a performance. 
 All the noblemen are required to present themselves at the appointed hour... 
 Cassel : Dukes before Marquis, I believe. 
 I'm with the duke. 
 Only a few will however be given the privilege of entering, observing, and, in some cases, participating. 
 All the entries and exits will be supervised. 
 Self control and order are paramount. 
 Where two valets used to dress you, you now have six. 
 For your shoes: two. 
 Everything you do is a display of wealth. 
 Authority, harmony and modesty. 
 And last, but by no means least, piety. 
 Mass at eleven. Don't be late! 
 I must congratulate you brother it's a perfect system where everyone knows their place. 
 I really know mine. 
 Where are you going? 
 To save us. 
 (smiling) 
 Jacques : Madame de Clermont? 
 Yes. 
 Monsieur Marchal sent me. He awaits you Follow me please. 
 Where is he? 
 He wishes it to be a surprise. 
 Approach no further. 
 I'm not sure I quite understand. 
 In a forest looking down a row of evergreens. 
 You remembered. 
 So this is it, isn't it? 
 Kneel. 
 Kneel down. 
 (sighing) 
 Look at me. 
 What do you see? 
 I see.. 
 I see loneliness. 
 I see fear. 
 I see despair, regret. 
 And duty. 
 Let it be done. 
 (crows cawing) 
 (Sophie, shocked) 
 What are you doing? 
 You're looking for my mother No, I'm looking for you. 
 Why? 
 To tell you to leave. 
 I do not understand I think you do. 
 Pack up your affairs and get out. You have no place here. 
 What about my mother? 
 You'll be making the journey back to where you come from alone. 
 And if I find you still here I'll have you tossed out. 
 What have you done with her? 
 Your son, Sire. 
 Very good. 
 His Majesty wishes you to stay. 
 You're here because the time has come to teach you how to rule. 
 To be a King is to have power beyond imagining. 
 All you ask shall be given. All you desire will be yours. 
 You will have power but with power comes duty. 
 Duty to your subjects, to your friends to justice, to truth. 
 But with power also comes danger. 
 When I was young boy, some sought to destroy us. 
 People we took to be friends. 
 They hammered at our doors, with blood stained hands and murder in their hearts It'll never happen to you. I promise. 
 Do you understand? 
 Yes. 
 Good. 
 Rohan, my son will be spending a few days. 
 I will teach him how to rule a country. 
 And you will teach how to hunt a boar. 
 It would be an honor. 
 (intriguing music) 
 Are my orders... ? 
 Yes, sir. The men are ready Good. I'll leave a message at the usual place. 
 When? 
 When the time has come. 
 Then what is the plan? We shall capture the King? 
 No, the King is not our prey. 
 (courtly music for the masked ball) 
 Madam. 
 Lord Rohan. 
 Another game of cards later perhaps? 
 With pleasure. 
 (clicking his fingers) 
 Not joining the revelry, Monsieur Marchal? 
 I prefer to watch. 
 I'm sure you do. 
 This is an unwelcome surprise. 
 I came to make you an offer. 
 Of what? 
 Of me? 
 Life as a builder's wife was unpalatable? 
 He would not take me. 
 Mmm, a wise man. 
 So, I am your only hope. 
 And you've come to me for deliverance You have courage. 
 And value. I'm unmarried and pure. 
 At least you are seen to be. 
 Which is all that matters here. 
 (sighing) 
 Very well. 
 If you wish to stay here you will work for me. 
 Everyone, apart the King and I believe you of noble birth. 
 This will remain the case. 
 You will attend court, dance, flirt, gossip, play cards, seduce but henceforth you will do it in my service. 
 You will tell me what people are doing what they are saying who is sharing a bed with whom who is cheating on their wife and who cheats at cards. 
 If you disobey me, you will suffer the same fate as your mother. 
 From now on I own you. That is my offer. 
 Very well. 
 (Henriette sighing clearing her throat) 
 (suspenseful music) 
 (sighing again) 
 (coughs) 
 Philippe : Why this color? 
 Chevalier : Because it's regal. 
 I hate it! 
 Some people care about making an impression. 
 Hrmphh. Clearly. 
 (laughing) 
 Two minds that think as one Would you have me change masks? 
 Louis : Not at all. 
 Come. 
 I wanted to thank you. 
 What for? 
 For sharing my vision. 
 Often I had the impression the petty differences between us were insurmountable. 
 I'm sure the fault is all mine. 
 Not entirely. 
 It is magnificent. 
 Some would still destroy it. 
 My dear brother I've spoken to him. 
 Not your friend. 
 I'm talking of forces far stronger and more determined. 
 Who? 
 I do not yet know. 
 But they are close. 
 (Henriette breathing heavily) 
 (Henriette sighing, gasping and seeming disoriented) 
 Louis : Ah, the princess we've been waiting for. 
 Do you know your King? 
 Is it me? 
 Or is it me? 
 Which one do you want it to be? 
 I cannot say. 
 She cannot say (laughing) oh dear! 
 You'll dance with me I hope. 
 I will. 
 Why not with me? 
 She shall dance with us both. 
 (the music seems to fade into the background) 
 (breathing heavily) 
 His Majesty's in a flattering mood What makes you say so? 
 Because I know him. And he knows you. 
 (still breathing heavily) 
 It strengthens me to know I have you at my side. 
 (she pants) You have many advisors better qualified than I. 
 You are so much more than a mere advisor. 
 (Louis voice doubled with Philippe) 
 You realise he no longer loves you. 
 Yet you still lie awake at night. 
 And dream of his footsteps and midnight knock at the door. 
 (panting) 
 Louis : You were and are my first love whoever I'm with, a part will always be with you He'll promise and beckon and you'll hope. 
 (laughter) 
 What a wonderful queen. 
 He'll promise and beckon... 
 Part of me will always... 
 Just a puppet now... 
 You'd have made a wonderful queen. 
 You were and are my first love... 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 