Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x09 - Going Out Fighting - Dark Matter 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x09 - Going Out Fighting https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=339&t=28373 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/27/16 05:15 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x09 - Going Out Fighting 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Dark Matter"... 
 Something really bad happened to you there. 
 Why would you ever want to go back? 
 I may not have a choice. 
 I own a company called Dwarf Star Technologies which owns Rebecca, who you know as Portia. 
 You know she was created right here in this facility. 
 Although Rebecca's biological components are superior, she must be constantly monitored and maintained by her nanites. 
 [breathing] 
 I was thinking it might be better if we kept this between us. 
 It was one night, and it was nice, and I'm not saying it won't happen again, but I don't think either of us should assume... 
 Of course not. 
 Listen, I enjoy your company. 
 And I enjoy yours. 
 Let's leave it at that. 
 I just wanted to make sure... 
 Can we stop talking about this? 
 Okay. 
 [sighs] 
 Wow, you two were really going at it last night. 
 Pardon? 
 What? 
 I passed you sparring in the training room on the way back to my quarters after dinner? 
 Yeah, we were training late. 
 Yeah, bow staffs and swords. 
 You guys moved on up to grappling? 
 Okay, um... 
 I'm done. 
 [beeping] 
 Two, where are you? 
 [sighs] 
 [knocks at door] 
 I need help. 
 [echoing] How do you feel? 
 I'm fine. 
 But you're not. 
 What are you talking about? 
 Your nanites, they're in a critical stage of failure. 
 What does that mean? 
 I'm sorry, Two. 
 You're dying. 
 And so your nanites are what gives you your special abilities. 
 They also serve the basic function of keeping me alive. 
 But now they're powering down. 
 Apparently it's been happening for a while now. 
 A slow progression that manifested no symptoms until their decline reached a critical threshold. 
 That's when I started showing signs. 
 If they shut down completely, one by one, my organs will fail. 
 The simple fact is, my body was not designed to function without them. 
 Why hasn't the robot come up with something, huh? 
 You need nanites, she's got nanites. 
 It doesn't work like that. 
 We're talking about completely different nanite designs. 
 Look, the solution to my problem is not on this ship. 
 It's here. 
 Back when I had the neural link, Five confronted me in one of my memories. 
 I had just escaped from the lab where I was constructed, and we were in this alleyway. 
 This building was in the background. 
 It's the corporate headquarters for Dwarf Star Technologies. 
 If there's any hope for me, that's where I'll find it. 
 So that's where I'm going. 
 Hey, you're not going anywhere. 
 You said it yourself. 
 You're weak, disoriented. 
 At best, you're a non-factor. 
 At worst, you jeopardize any shot we have at fixing this. 
 You know, it's okay to let others take care of you once in a while. 
 [scoffs] 
 Yeah, fine. 
 Fine. 
 We're going to Earth. 
 "Raza," you seeing this? 
 Whoa. 
 That's a space elevator. 
 Where does it go? 
 According to the short range scanners, it leads to a small space station in geosynchronous orbit. 
 All right, we're going down for recon. 
 Copy that. 
 Well, once we're parked, me and Nyx will check the place out. 
 You stay back in the "Marauder" with Four. 
 You're not gonna learn anything new, are you? 
 Are you suggesting I'm wasting our time? 
 No. 
 I think in your mind, you're putting it to the best use possible, all things considered. 
 You're trying to give me hope, take my mind off of what's going on down on that planet. 
 That would be atypical android behavior. 
 But it would be perfectly normal behavior for a friend. 
 I appreciate you, everyone looking out for me. 
 But I can't just stand by and do nothing. 
 Look, I know that my current state makes me a liability, but I'm wondering if there's anything that you can do for me. 
 I wish I could too, but... 
 I know you can't solve this. 
 So all I'm asking for is a temporary fix. 
 Something that'll let me do more than just sit back on this ship while the others risk their lives for me. 
 I don't believe the others have a problem with that. 
 Maybe not, but I sure as hell do. 
 I need options. 
 [sighs] 
 A short while ago, he'd have sooner killed you than permitted you to accompany us on a mission. 
 If you say so. 
 You didn't think it would be that easy, did you? 
 Of course not. 
 A practical argument can be made for keeping you on board. 
 Practical enough to convince you? 
 I understand why you did what you did. 
 Divided loyalties, I empathize. 
 My home world is about to lose an interplanetary war. 
 And defeat will cost it for generations to come. 
 And all I can do is watch it happen. 
 No, my place is with my people, not sitting idle on a spaceship. 
 So you're actually thinking of leaving. 
 There isn't a day that goes by that I don't consider it. 
 Then what's stopping you? 
 A sense of duty, loyalty to this crew. 
 So friendship. 
 And the fact that without my memories, I have nothing to offer Zairon. 
 Hi. 
 We're in the lobby, testing. 
 Copy that. 
 How's the view? 
 Eyes and ears. 
 You're on. 
 Good afternoon. 
 I'm here to see Mr. Rook. 
 ID? 
 No. Sorry, you're not in the system. 
 Well, that must be a mistake. 
 Can you check again? 
 I'm telling you, your name isn't here. 
 We're in. 
 I'm not leaving until I see Mr. Rook. 
 Fine. 
 You seeing this? 
 Yeah, retinal scans. 
 It's not gonna be an easy smash and grab. 
 So how do we get in from up here? 
 It's not equipped with docking capabilities or anything else that would allow for access. 
 It's highly secure. 
 There's no possible way to enter the station while in orbit. 
 Which means the only way in is by way of the space elevator. 
 And how do we get on that elevator? 
 You catch a lift with him, Eric Waver. 
 According to the company database, he's been with their R&D division for over ten years. 
 Which means he was probably there on the station when I escaped. 
 Well, maybe we won't have to access the space station after all if he has the answers we're looking for. 
 In the event he doesn't, I'm working on a way to circumvent Dwarf Star's retinal scan technology. 
 How you gonna manage that? 
 By using the infirmary's repair and reconstructive technology in conjunction with some of the illegal criminal devices I've been cataloguing from the store room. 
 I need to see that list. 
 Five's got Waver's address. 
 We'll take the "Marauder" down. 
 You're in no condition to come with us. 
 You agreed. 
 My situation has changed temporarily. 
 The Android's figured out a way to boost the power to my nanites. 
 For the next 24 hours, I'm at maximum charge. 
 I'm stronger than ever. 
 And what happens after that 24 hours is up? 
 Her nanites will shut down completely. 
 Her death will be immediate. 
 Why would you do that? 
 Because I'm not going to die a slow death. 
 If I'm going out, I'm going out fighting. 
 Interests, cooking and dancing. 
 [beeping] 
 Can I help you? 
 Galactic Authority. 
 Lieutenant Kal Varrick. 
 I'd like to speak to Eric Waver. 
 Yeah, uh, that's me. 
 Uh, what is this about? 
 I'll need maybe 20 minutes of your time. 
 Can I at least know why I'm being questioned? 
 Sir, we can talk here or down at the station. 
 Your choice. 
 Okay, hang on. 
 Come on in. 
 Hey. 
 Whoa, what's going on? 
 What do you guys want? 
 Rebecca. 
 You're a part of the team that created me, weren't you? 
 Yes. 
 But you're not afraid. 
 Why not? 
 Because you spared me. 
 The night you escaped. 
 You were our first successful prototype, a bio-engineered human capable of self-sustainment and sentience. 
 You were subjected to a battery of tests designed to assess your limits. 
 Force your nanites to respond and push past them. 
 You surpassed all expectations. 
 Unfortunately, that just emboldened our research team to push you further. 
 It wasn't easy to watch. 
 It was torture for you. 
 I was a junior member of the research team, tasked with the most basic duties. 
 One of which, feeding you, had an unintended consequence. 
 It allowed us to bond. 
 Which, in turn, resulted in me being charged with another duty... Your education. 
 You learned. 
 You grew smarter. 
 And unbeknownst to us, more dangerous. 
 We never saw it coming. 
 When you broke free, you were brutally efficient. 
 It was like you were proving yourself to them one last time, one final test. 
 You killed them all. 
 The research team, technicians, the security personnel, everyone on that station, except me. 
 It's true what Alex said about your missing memories. 
 What else did Rook tell you? 
 That you had friends now, dangerous associates, and that you'd come back. 
 You know about your nanites. 
 That's why you're here, isn't it? 
 It wasn't until several months after your escape that we discovered that the first generation nanorobotics were flawed. 
 They were bleeding an almost infinitesimal amount of energy over time. 
 And that's when we realized that sooner or later, they would all deteriorate and shut down. 
 But you fixed the issue, didn't you? 
 Yes. 
 Yes, we improved the internal design and we perfected a self-sufficiently generated version. 
 Where is it? 
 It's in the research lab up on the space station. 
 Good. 
 You're gonna take me up there, and we'll go get them. 
 No, uh, no. 
 You'd be identified before you got anywhere near those elevators. 
 Then I'll go. 
 I can handle this one alone. 
 No. 
 You'll go together. 
 Please. 
 Fine. 
 Okay. 
 Uh, you can't get up there without passing a retinal scan, and you need identification. 
 Yeah, we're gonna need you to call a couple of your coworkers, catch them on the way home from work. 
 My coworkers? 
 No. I can't. 
 I won't. 
 You don't have a choice, buddy. 
 Hey. 
 Come on in. 
 Well, Fists of Curry was closed, so we had to take out from House of Frying Daggers instead. 
 Hope that's okay. 
 What the hell, Eric? What is this? 
 He didn't have a choice. 
 Wait, you're... 
 Oh, my God, you're Rebecca. 
 Please don't kill us. 
 Sit down. 
 I'm not gonna kill you. I just need your help. 
 We need your retinas. 
 Oh, God. 
 I should warn you that rather than helping to calm one's nerves, coffee acts as a stimulant. 
 It's not coffee. It's hot chocolate. 
 I picked it up on our last station stopover. 
 Hot chocolate? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Did you know that I possess over 20 million taste receptors? 
 Uh, do you want a sip? 
 Okay. 
 Interesting. 
 Six reports they've come in contact with the lead scientist. 
 He remains confident in their probability for success. 
 You're worried. 
 Of course I'm worried. 
 In the past, she's been almost invincible. 
 I mean, I saw her come back from the dead that time she was blasted out the airlock, but that was because of her nanites. 
 And now instead of saving her, they're gonna kill her. 
 No, they won't. 
 She won't let that happen. 
 What makes Two special isn't her nanites. 
 It's her strength of will, her ability to face adversity and never give up. 
 Thanks. 
 I feel a little better. 
 She'll be fine. 
 
 
 
 Hold still. 
 Okay, who's up? 
 How does this work exactly? 
 According to The Android, it scans a retina, mapping out its unique pattern. 
 This template gets imprinted onto an organic gel, which gets injected under your cornea. 
 Are you kidding me? 
 I know. That is so cool. 
 The compound eventually breaks down and is absorbed by your body. 
 All right. Let's do it. 
 Don't blink. 
 That's amazing. 
 Can you not? 
 I'm sorry. 
 In what some are referring to as a colossal blow, forces from the Republic of Pyr have retaken Enriss Sector, scoring yet another decisive military victory in their war against Zairon. 
 Emperor Hiro Ishida described the loss of the contested region as a temporary setback, but sources within the palace reveal a royal court beset by confusion and self-doubt. 
 The execution of two more Generals followed news of the defeat, bringing to 12 the total number of high-ranking officials who have paid the ultimate price for what Zairon's empress has termed "a failure of spirit." 
 Just in case you were thinking of tipping anyone off, remember your friends are still hanging out with Rebecca. 
 Hey. 
 Come on. 
 Hey. 
 Try it again. 
 Okay. 
 [sighs] 
 It's been a little fussy since the upgrade. 
 Yeah. Technology, huh? 
 Phew. 
 And how many will she need? 
 A single injection will deliver more than enough second-generation nanites to do the job. 
 They'll replicate, they'll disperse through her bloodstream in seconds. 
 Just to be on the safe side... 
 Gentlemen, welcome to Dwarf Star Technologies. 
 I've been expecting you. 
 If you're gonna lock us up, I'm gonna need a pillow. 
 That can be arranged. 
 But first, I'm gonna need to know where I can find her. 
 Who? 
 Where's Rebecca? 
 She's not with us. 
 Nope. 
 No, she's nowhere near this place. 
 Hmm. 
 Is she feeling a little ill? 
 Yeah, her nanites are failing. 
 And this was only a matter of time. 
 She is going to die a very slow and very horrible death without this. 
 Eric... 
 I am incredibly disappointed in you. 
 You always had such an unhealthy affection for her. 
 He had no choice. 
 We all have choices. 
 In this case, it was help us or die. 
 Is that true, Eric? 
 Were you in fear for your life? 
 Yes. I was afraid. 
 Sorry. 
 That's okay. Hey, hey, hey. 
 There is no shame in wanting to live. 
 It's all right. 
 Take him out. 
 [gunshot] 
 I probably should have phrased that differently. 
 You son of a bitch. 
 Even if he was an unwilling participant, what kind of example am I setting for my other employees if I let him just walk out of here? 
 Loyalty is an extremely important part of my business. 
 Oh, I am really gonna enjoy killing you. 
 Well, you know what? 
 I don't think I'm going to give you that pillow. 
 I should've gone. 
 No, facial recog would've nabbed you in a second. 
 You're pretty high priority around there. 
 They've been gone too long. 
 We should've heard back by now. 
 I'm gonna go back to the ship. 
 How much time does she have left? 
 I don't know. 
 She said she had 24 hours, but if we don't find a way to fix this soon... 
 You, let's go. 
 They've been gone too long. 
 Something's happened to them. 
 Then let's go get them. 
 There's no way we're getting anyone past that security checkpoint. 
 If they've been caught, that place is in full lockdown now. 
 So then we don't take the elevator. 
 We find another way in. 
 There is no other way in. 
 Actually, there may be. 
 My earlier scans confirmed no other access points. 
 However, this section was a designed hangar area subsequently sealed off upon the station's completion. 
 It's large enough to accommodate the "Marauder." 
 How does that help us? We don't have an entry point. 
 You don't need one. 
 We use the blink drives. 
 I believe I can adapt it to the "Marauder's" engine. 
 We just pop in. 
 [scoffs] 
 I need you to tell me where I can find Rebecca. 
 So that you can, what, help her out? 
 Now, I can save her. 
 But I need you to let me. 
 With all due disrespect, go to hell. 
 Hook him up. 
 In case I don't get the chance to say it, thank you. 
 Android, we're ready. 
 See you soon. 
 What the hell? 
 It worked. 
 "Raza," we're in. 
 Three and Six are somewhere on this station. 
 I need you to go find them. 
 I'll go after the nanites. 
 Do you know where they're located? 
 I know what, I know where, and I know how. 
 Eric's coworkers were happy to help. 
 You okay? 
 Yeah. 
 Thanks. 
 Come on. Hey. 
 It's all right. 
 What'd they do to you? 
 Tried to convince me to talk. 
 I wasn't much in the mood. 
 All right, well, I've got to figure something out. 
 Yeah. 
 Two's on the clock, and we're no good to her just sitting here. 
 No, no. 
 All right. 
 It's not there anymore. 
 You understand that I can't give it to you, right? 
 You represent a professional failure for me, Rebecca. 
 And if I just had you running around, it would make me look really bad. 
 And I just hate looking bad. 
 Where is it? 
 It doesn't matter. 
 Your time is up. 
 [gunfire] 
 Personal shield, one of many wonderful technologies developed by Dwarf Star's research and development department. 
 Like the damping field I used to negate your nanites the last time we met. 
 And I could've used that again, but I thought what a great opportunity to demonstrate my new prototype? 
 Would you like to meet the new you? 
 Faster, stronger, and possessed of an advanced version of the nanites teeming within you. 
 Oh, and best of all, he is completely loyal. 
 [groaning] 
 You coming? 
 Let's go. 
 Come on. 
 [grunting] 
 [glass shattering] 
 I'd like to see his nanites repair that. 
 Hey, hey, easy, easy. 
 I got you. 
 The nanites? 
 He took them. 
 It's too late. 
 No. 
 No. 
 Hey, hey. 
 Hey, no, Two, Two. 
 No, no, no, no. 
 No. 
 What are you looking for? 
 What are you doing? 
 Drawing blood. 
 Finding the quickest way to get this into her bloodstream. 
 The prototypes already have the second generation nanites. 
 According to Eric, we just need a small sample to start the process. 
 [gasps] 
 Hey! 
 Hey, hey. Welcome back. 
 So you're gonna be okay? 
 We are gonna be fine. 
 The new nanites have replicated and integrated fully throughout your system. 
 And the old ones? 
 They're inert and in a state of decay. 
 You're going to be fine, Two. 
 I'm relieved. 
 Hey. 
 How you feeling? 
 A lot better thanks to you and everyone else on this ship. 
 Well, like Five says, we're family. 
 We take care of each other, right? 
 Right. 
 Right. 
 Hey, listen, I need to talk to you about Three. 
 What about him? 
 He's not himself. 
 Hey. 
 What are you doing down here? 
 Let's get him to the infirmary. 
 [panting] 
 What the hell is going on here? 
 You tell us. 
 What did Rook do to you? 
 I don't know what, you're talking about. 
 What did he tell you? 
 He's betrayed us once. 
 He can't be trusted. 
 He's not the one I'm worried about. 
 Strange. 
 Although he's awake, his neural activity is consistent with REM sleep. 
 Something happened to you in Rook's lab. 
 I'm not letting you out until I find out what. 
 [grunting] 
 [roaring] 
 Drop the shield. 
 And you have no idea what's wrong with him? 
 No, but the answers have to be back on that space station. 
 I've had The Android set a course. 
 We're going back. 
 Until then, I'm not taking any chances. 
 He's staying in this stasis pod until we can figure it out. 
 What the hell? 
 He should be unconscious. 
 Despite what it looks like, he is. 
 [roaring] 
 Help me move this into the corridor. 
 Let's go. 
 I've completed my override of the outer airlock door. 
 Good. Four, Six, you're with me. 
 Everyone else, go behind the bulkhead. 
 Whatever's inside of him's trying to escape. 
 When I open the pod, you guys drag him clear. 
 Understood? 
 Yeah. 
 Three, two... 
 [screeching] 
 Space it! 
 Okay. 
 What the hell was on our ship? 
 You look okay. 
 Yeah. 
 So does that mean you're gonna be fine? 
 Yes. 
 Great. 
 We did it. 
 Wait. 
 What the hell am I doing in here? 
 What do you remember? 
 Um... 
 I remember going to the space station. 
 I remember Rook, that b*st*rd, killing Eric. 
 I remember being taken to the lab, being strapped down, and then... nothing. 
 His brain activity is normal. 
 What? 
 It appears he's back to his old self again. 
 Old self? 
 What happened to me? 
 I don't know, but I'll tell you what I do know later over drinks. 
 As uncharacteristic as this sounds, screw the drinks, I want to know now. 
 Trust me, you're gonna want that drink. 
 Trust you, seriously? 
 If it wasn't for him, you would... 
 Oh, come on. 
 Did he save my life again? 
 It's just getting kind of old, isn't it? 
 For you and me both. 
 This experience has reminded me of my own energy requirements. 
 If anyone needs me, I'll be on my charging platform. 
 Good night. 
 I think he's just doing it on purpose now. 
 Hey. 
 What's going on in that mind of yours? 
 Rook. 
 Oh, we'll get him next time. 
 It's not revenge I want. It's answers. 
 What the hell was going on on that space station? 
 [birds chirping] 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 