Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x04 - Episode Four - Dark Matter 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x04 - Episode Four https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=339&t=19292 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 07/04/15 04:52 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x04 - Episode Four 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on Dark Matter...  
 We all woke up just like you, no idea who we are or how we got here. 
 Six : But the truth is we're nothing but a bunch of low life mercenaries. 
 You want one of us to go out there in the deadly radiation storm? 
 Agh! 
 It would appear your memories were targeted. 
 So someone in this room wiped our memories. 
 I'm looking for a ship called the Raza. 
 What's your name? 
 Corso. 
 The name's Jace Corso. 
 Two : We can spend some quality time getting to know each other. 
 I just think our lives are complicated enough right now, don't you think?. 
 One : Of course. [sigh] I'm gonna buy myself a pair of goggles, some work gloves, and a brand new micro-gauge plasma cutter with a rotating tholium-carbide head. You'll cut your hands off, kid. What are you gonna buy? A curvy redhead. Let's keep it classy. Okay. A brunette with a sexy accent. I want meat. You know real meat. Not this vat-grown stuff. Amen. We should consider putting the money to better use... maybe upgrading the ship's defenses. Alright you knock your self out with that but ah, I'm gonna buy myself something nice. And limber. Okay, I've run the numbers. So, how much do we have to spend? Well, after refueling, repair costs, and docking fees we're left with exactly... zero. What? Not even enough for goggles? Or a nice meal? Or a redhead? Two : Sorry, guys. We're broke. Now hang on a second. You said those Mikkei guys gave you a nice bonus for setting up that mining deal. They did. Just not enough. How do we know you didn't skim hmm? Ferrous offered me more to abandon you, remember? What if we refuel but not... fully refuel? We're not skimping on fuel. I mean do we really need to fix the meteorite damage to the hull? Or repairs. What we need to do is find a buyer for those weapons. Alright I'll look around. I thought you were leaving. I am, just not yet. What, you had time to sleep on it? First you want me to go now you want me to stay, you know it's awfully confusing doll. I never had an opinion either way. Okay that is both insulting and very insulting. Now do you still want me to ask around or what? I want you both to ask around. Well, nah I work solo. Nah, we don't... That's great, you guys are gonna make a great team. The rest of us can look around the ship, see if we can find anything else worth selling. Android : We're making our approach. Here we go. One : Are we sure this is a good idea? We are wanted criminals. I filed for docking papers under a false registration. We should be fine, as long as we keep a low profile. I'm not exactly sure that's in our skill set. First things first guys. We gotta get on that space station without setting off any alarm bells. Or getting blasted to scrag. Android : They're scanning our registration now, standby. [computer processing] [computer processing] Security scan complete. We've been cleared to dock. Alright. Take us in. You should know, weapons are prohibited on the station. Fine. Okay. Let's meet in the airlock in twenty minutes. Don't forget your comms. Hey, you find anything worth selling? No. Okay well-um, if you do... Let us know. We've docked. Why'd you ask me to tag along? Because I don't trust him for a second and I need you to keep an eye on him for me. Can you do that? Sure. Why'd you pair me with Pretty Boy? Because I don't trust him and I need you to keep an eye on him. Think you can do that? Hell yeah. Alright, see you guys back in the ship. Let's go, sidekick. Okay big guy, we can take it from here. What do you mean? You're going to the clinic to get that arm checked out. Ah no, it's fine. Eh, any crispier and you could serve it with a side of slaw. Now go. Well, looks like it's just us girls. Three : Why don't you let me do the talking pretty boy. I couldn't stop you if I tried. [chuckling] Couple whiskies. House blend and a beer. Wondering if you could help us out. We're looking to move some merchandise. Hardware and equipment for someone aiming to make a statement. We're selling guns. Seriously? Know anyone who might be interested in buying them? Not off the top of my head. But I could ask around, for a finder's fee. Works for us. Okay. I'll make some calls. Where can I find you? Over there. Computer System : Our class four androids are fully customizable. Height, weight, skin colour, hair colour and of course gender. Hi, I need to see a doctor. Take a number. Computer System : Can all be tailored to meet your specific needs. And while galactic regulations against the impersonation of humans by artificial entities requires the use of an identifying tattoo, [Coughing] Computer System : In all other respects our androids are as human as possible. Whether you're looking for help around the house, or just someone to talk on those lonely nights, a Nakashima brand android may be just the thing you're looking for. Not bad. Enough to buy us all a couple of nice dinners. Where's the pea? You tell me. There. It's there! See how easy this is? Even a child could do it. ♪ 
♪ Where's the pea? You tell me. That one! Yeah, there. Kid's a natural. Where's the pea? You tell me. It's in your left hand. Here you go, kid. Thanks, mister. How did you do that? I don't know. I think I may've played before. What're you looking at? An opportunity. Come on. [smack] Ugh. [laughing] Aghh! Are you always this charming? You know what your problem is? The fact that I'm stuck with a selfish, self-centered know-it-all for a shipmate? She's not so bad. I'm not talking about her. You're soft. Back on the planet with those miners, then going topside to save the robot. You think with your heart and not your head, it's dangerous. You know if it was just your life on the line, man who cares, but one day you're going to get somebody killed. How exactly? By convincing them that you actually make sense. You know if this week has taught me anything, it's that stupid is catchy. So what, I'm gonna infect them with my empathy and concern for others? Yeah, in a nutshell. And I say you're the dangerous one, because you don't care about anyone but yourself. You can't be trusted. You don't think I got your back? My back. My front. The inside of my head. So you're saying that it was me who screwed with everyone's memories? I think that if anyone was going to sell us out, it would be you, yeah. Hey, I've got you a buyer. Everyone else has left. I know. Are you planning on meeting up with them? No. I have some personal matters to attend to. Research. The ship is now net-linked to the space station's data hub. Information is accessible via the individual work stations at your quarters. Good to know, but I need to speak with someone. Well maybe I can help. I not only function as a roaming access point to the data hub, but am also conversant-search capable. I also possess psychological and psychiatric subroutines should you feel the need for therapeutic counseling. Are you feeling depressed? Lonely? I'm fine. Thank you. I'm at your disposal should you reconsider. I don't know what you're getting so upset about. I thought we were being honest with each other. Nah, I was offering constructive criticism. You were being petty. I was not being petty. I was one hundred percent sincere when I said I find you completely untrustworthy. Based on what exactly? I think this is it. No, I want to know. What makes me untrustworthy? I guess we're early. Huh? Fine. Process of elimination. Meaning? Somehow, someway, that kid had all of our memories downloaded into her subconscious. They drift up in dribs and drabs. And she remembers someone, one of us, screwing with the stasis pods. Now why would anyone do that? How's this for a theory: someone takes all of us out of commission so they can steal the ship and whatever else is on board. Who's the most likely suspect? I doubt it's the kid. Six seems to have a conscience. I know it's not me... Whoa, whoa, whoa. You can't know that. We all passed the lie detector test. For all we know, you were the one planning to cut our throats in our sleep. After all, you were the first one to wake up. That's awful convenient isn't it? Guess we'll have to agree to disagree. Screw that. I don't agree to anything. [explosion] Ugh. [coughing] What the hell? What's going on? Where are we? You're asking the guy who's tied up with you. Great. Oh, this is fantastic. Nice to see you keeping a positive attitude. I was being sarcastic. Yeah. So was I. Where do you get off copping an attitude like that? This is your fault. How is it my fault we're both sitting here? I guess if I was alone, I never would've been taken by surprize. Whoa, whoa, whoa! These wires are cutting right into me. Agh! Look, we can either sit here arguing or we can work to get out of this together. What's it gonna be? Fine. We'll work together to get out of this, and then we'll argue. Alright. Let's try and shift over to the door. When we're close enough, I'll head-butt the console. Then, when we're out in the corridor, we'll yell until help comes okay? That sounds like a plan. Alright. On the count of three, we shift. One. Two. Three! Ahh. Agh! Oh, fantastic! Three : Just perfect! Yes, I was being sarcastic again! Okay. I think this one. Are you sure? No, but I have a feeling. Ah, your feelings have paid off before. Yeah sorry kid, there's no way you're old enough to play. Unless of course you're under proper adult supervision. What can I do for you? What can you tell me about this? Ah, you had me going there. This is an impressive knock-off. At first glance, I'd swear it was the real thing. Yeah, what is it? Of course, it can't be. For starters, I doubt a descendant of the Ishida line would be all the way out here, in the middle of nowhere, hawking their family... This, this is genuine. Where'd you get it? I found it. You found it? This is not something you find. It's something you kill to acquire. I want no part of it. Sorry we're closing early. At least give me some information... Computer System : Welcome to a new era in fast, efficient, interstellar travel. Welcome to the age of Transfer Transit. No more long hours in uncomfortable berths, no more headache-inducing stasis. With Transfer Transit, your next journey to a distant star system will feel more like a trip to the spa. As you relax in your custom-built pod, your physical specifications and an exact copy of your consciousness will be relayed via subspace to a Receiver Pod at your destination. There, this data will be used for final stage completion of one of our patented temp clones. Able to maintain biological integrity for a period of up to 72 hours, this clone will serve as your surrogate for the duration of your stay...  Enjoying all the benefits of your destination...  With your thoughts, your memories, your personality. And of course, all of your physical abilities. Your clone will then return to our facility for bio-mass recycling, but not before all of the memories and Welcome back. And welcome to the future of space travel. Transfer Transit, "Better Than Being There." How cool is that? Maybe we should quit while we've still got something left. What's it gonna be, kid? Take another card. Let me take over. Okay do me a favor. The next time you have one of your great ideas, keep it to yourself. Or I could share it with someone who can follow simple instruction. Like what? Like shift. I shifted. You didn't shift. You tilted. If you'd shifted, we'd be out of this room... I shifted! Okay, great. You shifted. Great. Good job this turned out just like I'd planned. How long do you think before the others come looking for us? You mean if they come looking for us. Why wouldn't they come looking for us? They may not come looking for you, but they'd sure come looking for me. What do you mean they'd look for you and not for me? You told everyone you were leaving. That was before. I changed my mind. Yeah well you change your mind a lot. You're very mercurial. No you're mercurial. You don't even know what mercurial is. Sure I do. Okay. It means shut the hell up. Took a while for the gas to clear out of here. 
 
 Eh buddy, would you mind telling us what this is about? I'd be happy to answer all your questions. Just as soon as you answer a couple of mine. Who are you and what the hell are you doing with my face? So tell me who are you? I'm Jace Corso. No. I'm Jace Corso. Which makes you... not. So the question is: How is this possible? At first, I thought you were just someone who kinda looked like me, not enough to fool anyone who knew me but enough to bluff anyone who didn't. Now taking a closer look, I see that's not the case. We're identical. So what could it be? Clone's a logical guess. The tech exists, but to pull that off you'd have to scan me, and you can't do that without my noticing. Besides, dupes have an average shelf life of two to three days and I've been trying to chase you down for months. No, you're not a clone. The only other possibility, besides long lost twin, is reconstructive surgery. You paid someone a lot of money to make you look just like me. What can I say? I'm flattered you think so highly of this handsome mug that you'd go through the trouble. But I'm still curious. Yeah so am I. How's that? I woke up from stasis on board a ship with no memory of how I got there or who I was. I don't remember anything. And you expect me to buy that? Honestly no, but it's... He's telling the truth. It wasn't just him it was our entire crew. We all just had our memories wiped clean. Okay, let's say I believe you, which I don't. But let's say I do. What's my next move? Just send you on your way, let you keep being me? I'm not you. Look, I'm as confused as you are, I want answers too. Okay, this may seem obvious but I'm just gonna throw it out there. Your beef is with him. I'm just an innocent bystander. Maybe. Then again, maybe not. So why don't you sit tight, let the adults talk. Even though I don't have my memories, I might be able to help you figure things out. And how're you going to do that? Well, how about you start by telling me how you found out someone stole your identity? Computer System : If you're tired of boring, repetitive or even unpleasant dreams, the new Somnawave is the solution you've been waiting for. Hi, just wondering when the doctor's gonna be able to see me? It shouldn't be long. Take a number. I already took a number. Which is why I'm asking. It shouldn't be long. Computer System : Featuring over a hundred preprogrammed dream scenarios, the Somnawave turns an ordinary night sleep into a night of top-notch entertainment...  Yessss! What's the hold-up? Hey! Hey! Let's not make a scene. We just want to have a talk. I'll be back for that. [typing] Jace : A while ago, I got approached about a job. Join a group of mercs and help clear out a bunch of troublemaking miners on some independent colony. Normally, I don't play well with others. I'm more of a solo artist. But the offer was too rich to pass up. And besides, I'd be working with the crew of the legendary Raza. I was curious to see if their rep matched their strut. So I accepted the offer. The day I'm supposed to join up, the Galactic Authorities get an anonymous tip and raided my safehouse. I almost got nicked I was on the run for a week. When things quieted down, I was going to reach out to apologize for missing the op. I didn't want them thinking I was unprofessional after all. Well, imagine my surprise when I learned that I was actually seen boarding The Raza with the rest of the crew. I checked the security footage from the space station and, sure enough, there I was, getting on that damn ship. Someone who looked a lot like me anyway. And I've been chasing you ever since. How'd you know where to find us? Educated guess. This is the closest station to that mining colony in any direction. If you were gonna refuel after your op, this would be the place. And I was right. So, any of that ring a bell? Jog those missing memories? No. That's too bad. Do you know what this is? I want to say curling iron. [cry out in pain] [gasp for breath] Electric shock stick. [fighting for breath] That was my second guess. No, no, no, no, no! Wait, wait, wait, wait Just wait! Let's just make a deal. You've got my attention. We got a crate, full of weapons back in the ship So I've heard. We're looking to move them right. So why don't you just take 'em. Sell 'em all, make a nice tidy profit. Just take the guns, you don't even have to cut us in for anything. Then why don't you let me go, I'll let you two solve your personal issues. And ah, it's not really my business anyway right. You son of a bitch. Why do you want to drag me into this? Whatever happened to empathy, and human compassion? Enough. I think I will take those weapons after all. Great. So just get me my comm and I'll make the arrangements. I'll make my own arrangements. No I... What's the problem? You're cheating. The hell I am. You're counting cards. You were counting the cards that have been played to improve your odds. That's a skill. How is that cheating? It's cheating because we say it is. Okay, here's what's gonna happen. You and your little friend here are banned and the money you tried to steal from us is forfeit. Now get the hell out of here. No. Excuse me? I'll take my money and then I'll leave. You misunderstand, sweetheart. You don't get a choice. You found a buyer. Yep. And you secured a fair price? Un huh. I'd caution against transporting that through a secured area. Guests are forbidden from carrying weapons onto the station. Don't worry if anyone asks, I'll just say it's drugs. I suspect that would prove equally problematic. You've done something new with your hair. It suits you. I want my money. That cash is forfeit. Now this can go one of two ways. You can walk through that exit, or we'll carry you out. We didn't cheat. Shut up. But it's not fair...! I said shut up! [smack] [grunting] [gasping for breath] Y-y-y-you-you kill... Come on. You know what this means don't you? Yeah, you're going to have to wait on that curvy redhead? It was you. You're the one who wiped our memories clean. And you based this assumption on what exactly? How about the fact that you're an impostor and a liar? And you're a murderer and a thief who gives his guns pet names. You lied to get onto our ship. Which means you were after something you didn't want the rest of us to know about. I'm sure I wasn't the only one that ship with a hidden agenda. And whatever it was I was after, I'm also sure it was a lot more interesting than just screwing with everyone's memories. Hey. What? I've got an idea. Ugh, what did I say about your ideas? Look, we've got to get out of here before he comes back and kills us. He's not gonna kill us. He's gonna sell our stuff and he's gonna hightail it out of here. Oh really? Is that what you'd do if you were him? What's your plan? These wires are metal. If we can get close enough to that table for me to grab that shock stick, I might be able go use it to soften them up enough for us to break free. We'll there's a couple problems with that, the biggest being, it's gonna hurt. A lot. Are you saying you can't tough it out like I can? Ugh, let's just do this. Alright. At the count of three, we shift. Not "tilt". I got it. Shift. I got it. Alright. One, two, three... shift! One, two, three, shift. Two, three, shift. Two, three, shift. [ding] Take a seat. I'm Dr. Ameni. What seems to be the trouble? What happened? Ah, electrical burn doing some ship repairs. Besides the localized damage, are you experiencing any other discomfort? Nope. When did this happen? A couple days ago. We can generate a compatible graft using your DNA, but it'll take a few minutes. I thought you were just gonna give me some ointment, or something. No, I'm afraid this a little beyond ointment. [typing] Two, three... shift! Hold on, one more. Two, three... shift! Okay wait. Come on, come on, come on, come on. Nice. We gotta to get down on the floor. At the count of three, we tilt. One, two, three... tilt! That was a shift. It was a tilt. Let's just try it again. One, two three... tilt! Agh! Ohh! You got it? Almost. I got it! I got it! Okay, good, good. Now just give me like a... AAAARRGGGH! There. In a few days that'll regenerate and be fully healed. Something wrong? No. Everything's fine. I'm gonna give you something for the pain. Oh this won't hurt a bit. Good. Ahh. Oh. Dang it. Doc says he'll let you know when he's ready. Is anyone else back yet? Yes, I believe... Hey, we have to go. Now! One. Three. Please respond. How severely did you injure the men who attacked you? I was pretty thorough. And the doctor? Oh, he's just unconscious, but that's not the point. For some reason, the DNA scan he ran flagged me. How about the reason being you're a wanted criminal? I'm sure there are a lot of wanted criminals on that station. we have to go. One Three. We have a situation here we need you back to the ship immediately. Please respond. Given the circumstances, perhaps we should consider leaving them behind. We can't. Three made it clear he intended to go his own way. He's all talk. Besides, if he was actually going to leave, he would have made a bigger deal about it. Subtle he is not. And what if they sold the weapons and decided to keep the money for themselves? No, no. Three maybe. Hell, probably. But One? No way. He may not have had a choice. He could have been deceived, or rendered unconscious, perhaps even killed. One. Three. This is Two. Please respond. Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrgggh! [gasping for breath] There's gotta be another way. I think they're weakening. Okay just hang on. Just one more. Hang on, hang on. Just let me catch my... Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrgggggggggh! It's been a pleasure doing business with you. There's just one more thing I need to take care of. Is something the matter? One, Three, answer me. [sirens] What is that? It's the space station's security alarm. Oh damn it. Get us out of here. [sirens] [sirens] I'll prepare the coordinates for a jump to FTL. Go! We gotta go! Is everyone here?! We're already on our way one. We noticed. Why the hell weren't you answering your comms? We were gonna leave without you. We lost them. How? How much did you get for the weapons? Nothing. Nothing? Where are they? They're gone. We were... Jumped, by a half dozen men. Yeah, he got knocked out, played dead. So I took the rest on myself. I was doing alright too until the seventh guy, he snuck up behind me and clocked me right in the head, I went down. We lost our comms and all the guns. Is that really how it happened? More or less. I couldn't see everything because I was down on the floor. Yeah. With my eyes closed. Hmm. Yeah, as much as I'd love to hear the rest of this story, we've got more important things to do... like getting the hell out of here. Jumping to FTL. Jace Corso. I was wondering when you'd show up. Don't call me that. No, hmm what do you prefer? One. One, okay One. What can I do for you? How about you tell me why you covered for me? Why didn't you tell them what really happened at the space station? How do you think the rest of the crew will react when they find out that you're an impostor? And that you're most probably the guy who screwed with all of our memories? I didn't screw with anyone's memories. You can't be sure though can you? People are gonna make educated guesses. And when they do... Hmm. What do you think? They gonna stuff you in the airlock and space you? They could abandon you on a barren planet to freeze your ass off. Or I'm thinking maybe... What do you want? I just want your support moving forward. Crew votes, debates, lunch decisions. You follow my lead. From here on in, we agree to agree. Hey. Hey. We should talk about what happened on the space station. That's ok. I really think... I don't wanna talk about it. What's wrong with her? Nothing. She's perfectly normal. Which is a problem on this ship. So, I've been doing the math in my head and correct me if I'm wrong but... we managed to refuel, but didn't have time to effect repairs or resupply and restock. We lost the weapons, so we didn't get anything for 'em. We sold the other stuff and did get money for it, but it was confiscated at the casino. So, bottom line: we're worse off than we were twenty-four hours ago. We also missed an opportunity to do some research while we had access to the station's information hub. Maybe next time. Yeah. For now, we're back to square one, and our pasts remain a mystery. The fallout from the assassination of Emperor Ishida Tatsuyo continues to be felt throughout C sector as forces from the Principality of Zairon and the neighboring Republic of Pyr remain on war footing. Several multi-corps have dispatched destroyers to the disputed region to safeguard transit passages. Representatives of the Galactic  Authority say they will offer  humanitarian aid to refugees fleeing the area but, thus far, have characterized the standoff as "a regional conflict between two independent territories" and dismissed the possibility of direct military involvement. Meanwhile, the search continues  for Emperor Ishida's murderer,  purported to be his own son, Crown Prince Ishida Ryo. Since the Emperor's death, the Crown Prince has been implicated in the deaths and disfigurements of almost one hundred people. He is on the run and is considered, armed, unstable, and extremely dangerous. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 