Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x05 - We Voted Not to Space You - Dark Matter 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x05 - We Voted Not to Space You https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=339&t=28145 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 07/30/16 04:17 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x05 - We Voted Not to Space You 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously, on "Dark Matter"... 
 I was a GA undercover agent tasked with bringing you all in. 
 Welcome, Android. You're among friends. 
 It makes your speech and mannerisms more human. 
 Yours, if you want it. 
 What are we gonna do about it? 
 I took it from some mark on a space station. 
 It's a key that allows someone to access pockets of inter-dimensional space-time. 
 The crew of the "Raza" are a formidable opponent. 
 I've crushed worse. 
 There's a war coming, and they hold the key to victory. 
 [bar chatter] 
 Whiskey. 
 [rock music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Please, allow me. 
 Oh, that's very sweet of you. 
 I'm a sweet guy. 
 In a place like this? 
 You must be lost. 
 Well, what about you? 
 What about me? 
 Pretty little thing, all by yourself? 
 Come in here flashing money like that. 
 You should be more careful. 
 You don't think I can handle myself? 
 I don't know. Can you? 
 Watch me. 
 Danny Bones. 
 A mutual friend told me where to find you. 
 Oh, yeah? 
 Well, if he told you where to find me, he's no friend of mine. 
 Well, it's just talk, but I can... make it worth your while. 
 How's this? 
 How about I take all your money, and you consider yourself lucky we let you out of here? 
 Well, I'd say it's disappointing, but not surprising. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Ah! 
 Whoa. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Should've taken my first offer. 
 He really mean that much to you? 
 [dramatic music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [electricity cracking] 
 [dramatic music] 
 You let him out of the isolation chamber. 
 He's not going anywhere. 
 He can hardly move. 
 You know, that Arax guy was a thief and a liar, but he said one thing that made a hell of a lot of sense. 
 What was that? 
 That it's a bad idea to have a cop onboard this ship. 
 He's not a cop anymore. 
 He helped us escape. They'll never take him back. 
 Is that supposed to make me feel sorry for him? 
 He's the guy who put us there in the first place. 
 He may not be a cop, but that doesn't mean he's one of us. 
 Bingo. 
 What exactly is "us," anyway? 
 'Cause lately I'm kind of wondering. 
 [ominous piano music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Good news. 
 We voted not to space you for now. 
 Oh, glad to know I didn't do all that work for nothing. 
 Can we have the room, please? 
 You can drop me off at the next station. 
 No one on this ship owes me anything. 
 We're not there yet. 
 Look, you're GA, or, at least, you used to be, and we need some intel. 
 Would you be willing to help us? 
 Help you with what? 
 You know that One was murdered. 
 Yeah. 
 Thinking that maybe that's not the sort of thing we just let slide. 
 Look, if we don't fight for each other, then who the hell will? 
 So what do you need? 
 News report says the GA is investigating a person of interest. 
 How do we find out who that is? 
 You'll never tap into their system remotely. 
 I'll tell you that much. 
 Five's pretty good. 
 Not that good. 
 But there might be a way. 
 Find an isolated outpost, some place understaffed. 
 Get inside and tap into their system directly. 
 That's his brilliant plan? 
 He's playing us. 
 I don't think so. ‭I think he really wants to help. 
 A cop telling us to waltz into a police station wants to help... sure. 
 Look, we may not be headline news anymore, but we're still on the GA's most wanted. 
 No one on this ship is going anywhere near an outpost. 
 I can. 
 I'm not technically a person, therefore no charges were filed. 
 How would you get inside? 
 I believe the simplest way would be to get arrested... something minor. 
 Androids can't get arrested. 
 You just said so yourself. 
 But they wouldn't know I'm an android. 
 Come again? 
 What is this? 
 It's an upgrade, designed to allow androids to convincingly pass as human. 
 I could go undercover. 
 Hang on a second. 
 You sure we want to let her do this? 
 It's taken me this long to get used to her this way. 
 The effect is not necessarily permanent. 
 This is illegal tech. 
 Which is why I would prefer not to say where it came from. 
 I've analyzed the code. 
 I believe it will be effective. 
 I've been debating whether or not to use it. 
 Now I have good reason. 
 If they find out what you are... what this is... 
 I know. 
 I will be destroyed. 
 You want to find whoever killed One. 
 So do I. 
 Why? 
 Because he was one of us. 
 All right, we're docked. 
 Let's go grab a few drinks while the robot does her thing. 
 Oh, hey, not this time. 
 What? 
 Everybody else stays onboard. 
 Seriously? 
 Yes. 
 You really think she can pull this off? 
 How do I look? 
 You look great. 
 You look fantastic. 
 Still not buying it. 
 Would it kill you to give a girl a compliment? 
 Don't worry. I got this. 
 [rock music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [alarm blaring] 
 Excuse me. Excuse me. Aren't you gonna arrest me? 
 What for? 
 Uh, for opening that door... that was me. 
 I guess it was an accident. 
 It wasn't. 
 Okay, well, don't do it again. 
 I probably will. 
 If you're gonna do it again, I'm gonna have to give you a ticket. 
 Oh, my God, what does a girl have to do to get arrested around here? 
 All right, come on, just move along. 
 Nice. That's... 
 Okay. 
 Okay. 
 Come on. 
 Okay. 
 At the heart of the conflict is a territorial dispute between the two independent colonies. 
 A long-standing source of contention, the region known as Enriss sector became the flashpoint for open warfare following its annexation by Zairon on the heels of a coup that deposed Pyr's ruling theocracy earlier this year. 
 The hostilities have so far been limited to the two planets directly involved, as the two-dozen-strong League of Autonomous Worlds has remained neutral, officially calling on both parties to suspend their military campaigns pending the resumption of peace talks. 
 Several corporations who have had their travel and trade routes disrupted lobbied the Galactic Authority to take action. 
 Wow, how many hours a day do you spend in this dump wearing that? 
 Station ID. 
 Visitor card. 
 Kiva Ehrens. Tallaren sector. 
 You're a long way from home. 
 I like to travel. 
 Attempting to access a restricted area, assaulting a station security guard... 
 Shit-talking a GA guard... don't forget that. 
 You should write that down. 
 You have no priors. 
 We drop the assault, you take the fine, you're out of here. 
 Yeah, good luck getting me to pay that. 
 So much for checking out early. 
 Ooh. 
 Anything? 
 Not yet. 
 [computer beeping] 
 Yeah, it's me. 
 I need to upload a request for data transfer. 
 Records from the Tallaren sector. 
 Don't ask. 
 Yeah, let me know. 
 Oh, are you getting coffee? 
 I would love a coffee. 
 Sure, why not? 
 Oh, two sugars. 
 [suspenseful music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Oh, wow, you're quick. 
 Oh, you need to step behind that desk. 
 Thank you. 
 Mm, this has sugar in it. 
 You said, "Two sugars." 
 No. No, I said, "No sugar." 
 Please? 
 Back behind the desk. 
 Going. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 We got it. 
 Hey. 
 Hey. 
 How'd it go? 
 Hearing's in two weeks. 
 Don't think you're gonna make it. 
 Nice work. 
 Thanks. 
 See? I can compliment. 
 Three, are you with the Android? 
 Yeah, I got her onboard. 
 Both of you need to come to the bridge. 
 We found something. Got it. Let's go. The investigation's been suspended. It's not clear why, but they did manage to identify a suspect. Show them. This is from a surveillance camera in the hotel. He's in the hotel. We already knew that. That's not One. What? This footage was taken after he was shot. That's Jace Corso. So you think this Corso guy killed your friend because he stole his identity? I think someone wanted it to look that way in case Corso ever got caught. So he was a hired assassin? Well, there's only one way to know for sure. Yeah, we find him and we ask him. That might be tricky. He gets around. This guy's got warrants out against him across half the galaxy. Do either of you know anyone who works out of the Adara sector? Not me. I know a few guys. They run an import-export business. So, smugglers? If you want to get technical. Well, that's perfect. Maybe they can help us. If we can't find Corso, there might be someone who can find him for us. [grunts] [suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ [heavy breathing] [gasps] [suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ What are you doing? My combat programming is extensive. But it's programming. You don't need to practice. You can't get any better. Is that the only reason you practice? No. It's relaxing. It makes me feel... Powerful. I was going to say "In control." Same thing. Ever since I gave myself the upgrade, I find that when I repeat certain precise physical actions, it actually generates new and unusual patterns in my neural matrix. It changes your state of mind. Something like that. We found that guy that we were looking for. We wanted to know if you'd like to go on another outing. I thought you'd never ask. [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ Okay, you know, under different circumstances, this could be a real turn-on. We need information. Sure, yeah. Whatever you want. I'm not a hero. I will sell anyone out. You wouldn't believe the stuff I have on my own mother. She's a hell of a crook, really. Jace Corso. Uh, don't know that name. Oh, don't even bother. Your friend Wexler? He already told us. You were drinking buddies. Wexler... he's got a big mouth. Worse than me. Where is he, by the way? I haven't seen him around lately. He's floating somewhere outside the Aquila Nebula. Would you like to join him? Okay, all right, look, I would love to help you out, ladies, really, I would, but... I understand you're gonna kill me, but Jace will kill me, and then he'll kill my family, and then he'll kill my neighbors and their dog and... You don't have to worry about that. Oh, really? Why's that? You tell us where he is, he won't be coming back. sh1t. Excuse me. Sorry, sir. Chief Inspector Kierken. Chief Inspector, what can I do for you? Are you familiar with the crew of the "Raza"? I've seen the alerts. Studied their faces? Um... Can I trust that if you'd seen one of them on the station, or even in this room, that you would've reported it? Of course, absolutely. Got it. I'm guessing you were unaware that your system had been hacked. No, I wasn't. You do have a list of recent detainees, though, do you not? Yes, sir. This is from just the last week. The usual stuff. Bar fights, drunk and disorderly... That one. That was nothing. They are full of surprises, I'll give them that. I'm sorry, sir. I have no idea what's going on, but... No need to apologize, Sergeant. This is what I was hoping for. It is? You see, I know exactly what information was hacked from the system. Now that we've confirmed that it's them, I know exactly where they're going. What do you got? Most of the population is scattered along the western coast of the southern continent, but these are the coordinates we got from our friend, Danny Bones. It was supposedly a settlement that was abandoned years ago, but I am getting fairly significant EM readings consisting with a small-scale fusion reactor. Someone's keeping the lights on. It's him. Do we know if he's alone? Can't say for sure, but word is he's gone paranoid. He's convinced someone put a hit on him. So he's gonna shoot first and not bother with asking questions later. Most likely. Sounds like a party. You guys heading down to the planet? That's right. You mind if I tag along? It's got nothing to do with you. Your fight, my fight... we ride together. That's the way it should be. Am I wrong? You know how to handle one of these? Bolt release is a little gritty... I'll smooth it out for you when we're done. Am I the only one who found that a little sexy? Mm. [grunting] Should you be doing that? Doc says I need to start moving. [grunts] Of course, I don't want to overdo it. I thought you should know, it looks like we found him. The others are heading down. To kill him? If you've got a problem with that, it's a little late. It was your idea that got us here in the first place. It's one thing to kill a man in self-defense. It's a whole other thing to hunt him down and kill him for revenge. We're the ones who are being hunted. From the minute we stepped out of those stasis pods, we've been on the run. Cops, criminals, ‭corporations... it doesn't matter. They're all after us. They're never gonna stop, are they? No, probably not. Then maybe it's time we stopped running. Maybe it's time we started fighting back. We sure this is the right place? The energy signature was strongest in this area. It's warmer here. This building is heated. He's here for sure. Do you think he saw us coming? We'll find out soon enough. [beeping] [suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ 
 
 What? [deep breath] [gunshots] Have we heard anything yet? Not yet. What? Oh, nothing. Just wondering if you're gonna keep the look. Oh, I haven't decided. Are you gonna keep your look? [clears throat] [beeping] We have a problem. A ship just dropped out of FTL. It's a GA cruiser. Have they detected us? It'll take a moment for their sensors to adjust to normal space. In the meantime, I have an idea. [gunfire] sh1t. Nyx and I will double back, see if we can get him. Let's go. [dramatic music] What are you doing? Taking us down. They won't be able to detect us as long as we're in the ionosphere. And what happens when we pass through? Hopefully their orbit will have taken them out of range. Hopefully? Aren't androids supposed to be a little more precise than that? Well, I do know the exact probability of success. Trust me, "hopefully" sounds better. [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ Coming in a little fast. You have landed this thing before, right? Do you want the precise answer? Never mind. Hold on. There might be a little bit of a bump. Ooh! Ah! I'm shutting down everything but emergency power. We'll be undetectable from orbit. "Bit of a bump," huh? [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ Ah! No, no, no, no, no, no! Damn it! Ah, he's locked himself in. That's right, and it's stocked. I've got food, water, air. I can last here for days. That's fine. We got nowhere else to be. I've also got an emergency distress beacon to call in reinforcements. He's bluffing. I've seen this model before. He may have stocked it, but it's not designed for this kind of use. There's a weak spot. We cut through here, we get access to the door mechanism. Wait here. You're a dead man. Ah! Gah! Ah! What happened? We had to land the ship. A GA cruiser showed up. How the hell did they find us? Well, that's a good question. I helped you escape from prison. Why would I try and get you arrested now? Maybe they're not here for us. Maybe they're here for Corso. Well, either way, we have to warn the others. If they're scanning, any attempt at communication could give away our position. How far away from the facility are we? 2.2 miles. We'll go on foot. You? Just give me something for the pain. I'll be fine. It's not gonna be good if you start bleeding internally. We'll worry about that later. Gah! Here. [torch firing] Ah! I got this. [beeping] sh1t. All right, men, fan out. Three squads... Lieutenant, you're with me. Remember, these are violent offenders wanted by the courts. One way or another, we are going to bring them in. Go, go. What the hell? He's wounded. Didn't disintegrate, did he? Hey. Oh, you've got to be kidding me. This is a bad idea. You know, I went through a lot of trouble to save your life. So you keep saying. Sir? [suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ Ah! Ah! Ah! Gah! Ah! Don't move. All squads, move to my position. We've got something here. Why are you here? I think you're smart enough to figure that out. [beeping] What the hell is this? Three, Four, come in. We've got a problem. Three, Four, do you read me? Ah! [rumbling] Ah! [rumbling] What was that? We need to move faster. [coughing] Three, Four, do you read? Are you sure this is the only way out? Afraid so. Start digging. If I dig us out, you'll just kill me when I'm done. Why should I bother? You'll do whatever you can to stay alive as long as you can, because somewhere in that little weasel brain of yours, you're thinking there might still be a way out for you. As long as you're digging, you're still breathing. So you'll dig. Somebody come in... anybody, please. The signal is blocked. You're bleeding. Yeah, I hit my head on the ground when someone knocked me down. Trying to save your life. Could've just said, "Look out." You're not fast enough. I've seen you fight, remember? Please. What? [coughing] Ah! Ah! [grunting] Easy there. I'd say, "Don't move," but it's pretty obvious you're not going anywhere. Who are you? Chief Inspector Kierken, Galactic Authority. You're under arrest. Don't struggle. It'll just make things worse. When my men get here, they'll dig you out. What makes you think they'll find us down here? Emergency beacon. Much stronger than your standard comms. They'll find us. So who else is down here with us? Portia Lin? Marcus Boone? Doesn't matter. If they're still alive, we'll find them too. You're seriously gonna tell me you came here to get revenge for Derrick Moss? He was a spoiled rich kid who had everything handed ‭to him, and he still screwed up. His wife was murdered. And he upended his life to get revenge but then didn't have the guts to go through with it. That's enough. Shut up and get back to work. He was weak and a coward. You don't know anything about him. I know he didn't belong on your ship. It doesn't matter. For better or worse, he was a member of my crew, and you killed him. For that, you're gonna have to pay. You still need me. These tunnels are part of the old mine. They go on for miles. If you don't know what you're doing, you'll never find your way out. We'll see. You think the others are okay? Of course they're okay. You're pretty confident. Well, until I know any better, I'm just gonna assume that everything's fine so I don't get distracted from the task at hand, which is saving myself... oh, and you. We should rest. Probably got a concussion. Don't remind me. Hey, how is it that you knew the ceiling was gonna come down, anyway? I heard the support beams cracking. That's funny, 'cause I didn't hear anything. Not over the sound of the explosion. Well, lucky for you, my hearing's fine. How exactly did you escape from that prison? You had help, didn't you? Someone on the inside? You couldn't have done all that on your own. Was it one of the guards, maybe? I keep telling my superiors that as long as we farm out prisons to the corporate interests, it's a recipe for corruption. [dry laugh] What's funny? You consider the corporations corrupt, but somehow the GA's different? You serve the corporations. I serve the law. I protect the innocent from people like you. You protect the innocent so the corporations can continue to make profit off them. They're cattle, and when it comes time for the slaughter, you'll be the one driving them, not me. I need to rest. I can hardly breathe and my leg is still bleeding. Fine. There's something I still don't understand. I'm sure there's lots of things you don't understand. The Portia Lin I've heard of, the one from all the stories, would never risk her life and her ship and what's left of her crew to get revenge for a guy like Moss. In fact, the moment she found out he was an impostor, she would've strung him up and gutted him. Sounds messy. What the hell happened? You were a predator, like me, and we take from the weak and from the helpless because we're stronger. Because we can. You started to care. You're vulnerable, and soon the whole galaxy'll see what I can see. You're finished. I'm prepared to shoot you down in cold blood. Come on, that's got to count for something, right? Get back to work. Now. [rumbling] Oh! Ah! [rumbling] What the hell? What was that? The explosion must have weakened the cave structure. I think the whole thing is gonna collapse. It stopped. Yeah, but for how long? Twenty ‭Tell me that with your super-hearing? We need to move. Okay. We can't stay here any longer. Help me out. We'll dig together. It's our only chance. And when we reach the surface, you'll slit my throat. Listen, I give you my word. That's supposed to mean something to me? I read your file. I know you think you're a man of honor, but to me you're just a common criminal. I was betrayed and my birthright was stolen from me. Now I do whatever it takes to survive, but at least I don't lie to myself about it. Now help me. [rocks breaking] Chief Inspector, are you down there? Good work, Sergeant. I told you they'd find us. It's over. That's it. I'm through. Like I said, you still need me. I know my way out of here. I think I'll take my chances on my own. Wait! Wait! Don't you want to know who hired me? I didn't kill him just 'cause he stole my face. I was paid. I already know. It was Traugott. They tried to kill all of us in prison. You're wrong. You don't know anything. If you want revenge, if you want the people who are really responsible, you have to keep me alive. You're the one who pulled the trigger. For now, that's good enough. It's about time. Knock yourself out. [grunting] This is ridiculous. We got to stop. He can't go any further. He won't have to. [suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ Gonna have to ask you to drop your weapons. I don't think so. I think you better do as he says. If you open fire on us, you risk killing your friend. I bet he's okay with that. It would be a better death than what I'll get if they let you take me. Told you. I had your extradition to Zairon overturned. I didn't go through all this trouble just to see you killed by a death squad. I intend to see each of you face trial under the jurisdiction of the Galactic Authority. I hate to break it to you, buddy, but that's never gonna happen. The corporations want us dead. None of us would last a week in custody. They already tried to kill us in prison. I told you, you're wasting your time. Enough already! Drop your weapons or this is going to get ugly. We have you outnumbered. [engines whirring] It's time to recalculate. Lower your weapons, men. My gun, please. Android, this is the "Marauder." We've got 'em. We're on our way. Understood. What's the status of the GA cruiser? They've detected us. They're closing in fast. Get us out of here. So was it worth it? It had to be done. No regrets? I don't regret killing that son of a bitch, no, but he did say something that got me thinking. What? I assumed Traugott hired him to kill One, but he says it was someone else. I don't know if he was just playing with me, or... The last time I saw One, he said he was worried about the CEO of his father's company. One was in line to take his place. Another enemy to add to the list. There's always room for one more. Nothing like a hard day of seeking revenge to make a man hungry, huh? On second thoughts, I just lost my appetite. Hey. You should know, he risked his life to help you. [rattling] Android, what was that? It was just a minor fluctuation in the electrostatic field generated by the core. It looks like one of our secondary capacitors failed. Backup systems kicked in. There's nothing to worry about. All right, let me know if there are any other problems. I will. Nothing to worry about? I was wondering when you were gonna show up. You do know why the capacitor failed. Yes, I do. Because of an overload during entry into the planet's atmosphere. You failed to establish the proper buffering sequence when executing the maneuver. There were several thousand mechanical and navigational variables at play in that moment. I didn't have a lot of time. You made a mistake. You're not supposed to make mistakes. Now you're gonna say it's because of this upgrade? No. I believe your programming has been flawed for quite some time. The fact that you gave yourself this upgrade is just more evidence of the problem. You've become a danger to this ship and everyone onboard, and you know it. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 