Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x13 - Episode Thirteen - Dark Matter 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x13 - Episode Thirteen https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=339&t=20171 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/30/15 00:34 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x13 - Episode Thirteen 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on Dark Matter... 
 You saw the scans. 
 Yeah and they said you're flesh and blood. 
 Artificially constructed. 
 Welcome back, Rebecca. 
 Six : We're gonna go get her. 
 Five : I knew you weren't serious  about leaving her behind. 
 (Saw buzzing) 
 Do they know what she is? 
 Yes. 
 Then they'll need to die too, Alex. 
 All of them. 
 Two : So? 
 Four : You were right. 
 Then we're agreed? 
 Yes. 
 He has to die. 
 When? 
 Before we get to the mining colony, after we come out of stasis. 
 Hey, Android, there's something I need to talk to you about... 
 Hey. 
 Hey! 
 Hey, help!!! 
 Somebody help! 
 Somebody help! 
 Help! 
 What's the matter? 
 The Android's offline. 
 Her neural chip's been removed. 
 There's something in her hand. 
 Volkov-Rusi. 
 The soldiers who took the ship. 
 We didn't get them all. 
 Son of a bitch. 
 No one messes with my robot. 
 Whoever took her down removed her neural implant. 
 We're gonna to need to recover it to bring her back online. 
 Assuming it already hasn't been destroyed. 
 I don't think so. 
 With the implant you could do a full reboot to make her more manageable. 
 Control the Android and you control the ship. 
 So why didn't whoever it was do it already? 
 Why wait? 
 I don't know. 
 Maybe they weren't thinking straight, or Five scared them off, or maybe they have some other agenda. 
 But how is this possible? 
 We did a full top to bottom sweep. 
 Obviously we need to do a better one this time. 
 Right. 
 But remember, we need to keep them alive. 
 At least until we get the implant back. 
 You know how to use it. 
 Yeah. 
 One, you're with Four. 
 Five, you're with Six. 
 Three, you're with me. Keep your eyes on your partner and stay in touch. You know I'm kinda surprised you didn't partner up with your boy. You two having issues? No, not that it's any of your business. Sweetheart, on this ship, everything is everyone's business. Outside of our quarters, he's just another member of this crew. Yeah, I remember the drill. I wanted to ask you something. Yeah? When I was in that airlock and they were threatening to space me, you were the one who gave up the code. So? Even though I told you not to. Is this where you give me the gears for disobeying an order? That's not at all what I was trying to say. You're the most convenient choice to command this ship. Don't let it go to your head. Actually, I was trying to thank you. Oh. Until you ruined it. Well you're welcome. Clear. So why'd you do it? Hmm? Why did you do it? I don't know. I guess I just figured you're a valuable asset is all. Anyway, you're worth much more than the payoff from one job. So it was a calculated decision based strictly on logic? That sounds like me, right? Sure. Just to be clear, we're trying to take whoever did this alive, remember? You doubting my self control? I'm disciplined. I only kill when necessary. Yeah like your old friend? Akita? He was a threat. Oh yeah? He would have come after me eventually. A dead enemy is one less concern. I don't know. Enemy or not, the lives I've taken weigh pretty heavily on me. Yeah, well I can't allow them to affect me, because I have so many more to take. We're less than a week out from the edge of colonized space, out of the reach of the Galactic Authority. We can afford to stop running. Look, unlike you, I'm not trying to escape my past. I've chosen to embrace it. So once I've gathered all the necessary resources, I'll return to Zairon and retake my throne. Yeah, we just cleared this section. What? You look pretty comfortable with that gun. Four's been teaching me self-defense. That includes fighting and weapon training. Now, when there's trouble,  instead of hiding I can finally be useful. You've never needed a gun to be useful. You might not want to hear it, but I'm happy now. I finally feel like I'm part of the team and it's got nothing to do with this gun. Well here's the irony. All this time you've been trying to be more like us, we've actually been trying to be more like you. And we failed. In the end, we can't help but be who we are. That's not true. When we woke up we were just a group of strangers. But now we're a family. Two : Six, how are you two doing? All clear here too. Okay. Fall back to the bridge. Could it be that there are parts of this ship that we have yet to discover? I was considering the possibility. But we haven't finished searching. What're you talking about? We've looked everywhere. No we haven't. You got guts, I'll give you that. I know these vents. If there's someone in here, I'll find them. Ready. Turning on the live feed. Receiving. Ok, we're gonna go through this level by level. The others are all stationed at choke points, so there will always be someone there if you run into trouble. Two : But if you encounter anyone, I don't want you to take any chances, you understand? I won't. Alright, One, she's approaching your position. Yeah, I see her. This area's clear. I'm moving on. This level's clear too. (thud) She's approaching the final position. If anyone's in there, that's where they'll be. It's always in the last place you look. All clear. There's no one here. Great. Now what? I'm coming down. What? You think someone's in there? No, I don't. (Footsteps) sh1t. What? This case contained the stun device Wexler used to take down the Android and now it's gone. We're the only ones with the code to this room. There's no one else onboard this ship. It was one of us. Two : The device was there yesterday. Why would one of us target the android? Because she poses the greatest threat. With her out of the way, it's a whole lot easier to take the rest of us down. Take us down? Why? To finish what was started the day our memories were wiped. Why now? What's changed? One : I don't know. But we've got to figure this out, fast. There is one way. We're two days out from the nearest space station. We get there, get a new implant and bring the android back online. And have another lie detector session. No, whoever did this is not gonna wait another two days. Four : Of course not. The next move will made before then. Six : Where are you going? If anyone needs me, I'll be training. We should stick together. Separated, we're easier targets. I'd welcome anyone who considered me an easy target. (chuckles) What'd you think we were gonna do? We're gonna bunk together, all six of us? Nah, man. I say he's right. I say bring it on. Speaking of which, can we take a little walk? Got something to discuss. Sure. Remember, we don't know who to trust, so be careful. I will! Question... How attached are you to that guy? I just want to know what kind of blowback I'm gonna get when we leave him at the next space station. You've got him all figured out now, don't you? Had him figured out weeks ago. He lied to get onboard this ship. God knows why; or who he really even is. I know why and who he really is. He told me. Is that something you thought you might wanna share with me and the rest of the crew? It's nothing the rest of the crew has to worry about. Oh, okay. Good to know. Or not. And it's nothing that would motivate him to take down our Android. As far as you know. That would apply to everyone else on this ship. Sure, but you're not sleeping with everyone else on this ship. Are you suggesting my ability to lead has somehow been comprised? Four's right. Whatever One's got planned, he's gonna do it before we get to the station, so what I am suggesting is that we lock him up until we get there. Better yet, why don't I put you all in lockdown, just to be on the safe side? Problem with that is then you'd have total control of the ship. I thought it was him you didn't trust? Nah, it's just him I trust the least. I'll take your request under advisement. Yeah well don't take too long! Cause if you don't do something about him, I sure as hell will. (heavy breathing) A rare visit from you. Should I be worried? Yes, you should be, but not about me. I've been raising the alarm about Three from the very beginning. That you have. Come on. You've displayed some pretty remarkable intuition. What do your instincts tell you? To trust no one, least of all someone who snuck aboard this ship under false pretenses. I'm not like the rest of you. Clearly. When we used the transfer pods to go looking for Six, I ran a genetic scan and found out the truth. My real name is Derrick Moss. I was a business man, and by all accounts leading a privileged life, until my wife was murdered. By a member of this crew. Care to guess which one? So it's revenge you're after. I thought so. Now, I don't know. I had a chance to kill him, and I didn't. I'm sure another opportunity will present itself. I'm not looking for payback. I just want to keep us safe, and the only way of doing that  is by making sure he's no longer a threat. I'm not saying we kill him. Just neutralize him. Lock him up until we get to the space station so he can't hurt anyone. There's one more crew member you'll have to get onside for that to happen. I know. If she agrees, will we be able to count on your support? You should be careful. She'll probably come after you next. You or Four. She? One and Three will be too busy worrying about each other. She'll count on that. And I'm not a threat to her. So you need to be careful. You're talking about Two. We don't know what happened to her while she was down on that planet. Come on. You really think she's capable of harming a member of this crew? I know she is. I've been thinking... We should lock up the weapons. That's not gonna happen. Just as a precaution, until we get to the space station and figure this all out. I think the Android should be our bigger concern. He's right. Whoever has her neural chip can use her against us, and you remember what happened the last time you guys faced off against her? Yeah, I remember alright. Okay. So let's say that we do agree to lock up the Android, One problem. Who holds the key? I don't think it matters because I'm guessing whoever did this  doesn't have the skill set to reprogram her. I wanna come over there and demonstrate my skill set on you pretty boy. Huh? Hey, hey that's enough. That's enough. No, thanks. Like I said before,  we should all stick together, just to be safe. Huddle for protection like a bunch of frightened animals? No thank you. But staying together makes it harder to access the android and use her against us. I don't fear the android, and I surely don't fear any of you, so if anyone in here is even considering coming after me, I'd suggest you rethink y... You okay? What's happening to him?! Blood pressure heart and respiratory rates are steady. Cerebral blood flow is normal, but he's in an unresponsive state. I'm assuming this isn't something you just sleep off? It's impossible to say. I don't know what he ingested but my guess is it was a rapid-onset, ultra short-action barbiturate. Possibly a neurotoxin. So our entire water supply's been laced? We can't know for sure until I run a full analysis. Until then, I'd advise everyone to not consume anything that isn't sealed. A few minutes later, we all would've joined him. Not all of us. One of us didn't take any water. One of us wasn't thirsty. Isn't that convenient. Oh, come on. If I wanted to drug you, I would've taken a cup like the rest of you so you wouldn't suspect me. Unless, of course, you thought that we wouldn't be awake to suspect you. I'm smart enough not to take that chance. And yet, you did. No, I didn't because I didn't drug the water. Alright, settle down. You're not gonna to get anywhere arguing. That's because you guys aren't listening to me. You're just throwing around wild accusations. You want proof? Fine, let's get proof. Search his quarters. Guaranteed, that's where we're gonna find the shock stick. Come on, who's stupid enough to hide that thing in their room? I wanna search his quarters too! Fine. We'll search everyone's quarters. Great. 
 
 I don't even know what half of this stuff is. Neither do I until I fix it. Are we done here? Yeah. That's a little something I picked up at the last space station... from a little something I picked up at the last space station. Uh-huh. Moving on. We done here? Okay, we're done. It's late; we're tired. Get some sleep. No one's gonna keep an eye on him? Be my guest. Night. Two : Alright. Rest up. I have a feeling tomorrow's gonna be a really long day. You okay? Yeah. Goodnight. Goodnight. You think you could you stay in my quarters tonight? You can take the bed, I'll sleep on the couch. I'll stay on the couch. Why does she scare you so bad? Two : So? Four : You were right. Then we're agreed? Yes. He has to die. When? Before we get to the mining colony, after we come out of stasis. Where'd you find this? In the mess, underneath the table. She was planning to kill one of you before we got to that mining planet. She's the dangerous one. Have you ever checked your computer for hidden or deleted files? Of course. That's one of the first things I did. What did you find? A couple of corrupted files, I couldn't read them. You don't need to read them. You just need to check the time stamp. Evening. Going somewhere? Yeah, I was just going to the mess. Great. I'll join you. On second thought, I think I'll turn in. Suit yourself. But if you change your mind, you know where I am. Right here. Wait, there it is. That file was created the day we went into stasis. So what are you saying? That's the program you wrote that wiped all our memories. No. But I don't think that was your intention. Like the Android said, it was crude. You didn't have enough time. No. Yes. It was you, but I don't think you were trying to hurt anyone. Then why? I think you were trying to protect someone. What's the matter? Thought I heard something. What do you mean? What'd you hear? Alright, lock the door after me. Don't go out there! I'll be fine. And so will you. I promise. Six? Six?! (screams) (screams) Help! What was that? I don't know. Brain activity is minimal. He's in a deep coma. Like Four? Yes. I think the same agent was used to incapacitate him. He have anything to eat or drink? That's not how it was administered. He was injected. So someone had to get close enough to him to do it. Meaning it was someone he trusted. And that sure as hell ain't me. Seriously? (whoosh) Woah! What the hell was that? What's the story? The engines are down, both FTL and sublight. That can't be an accident. I'm guessing not. Hey, where the hell is One? What? One, where are you? One, please respond. God damnit. We can't have him wandering loose around the ship. There's no telling what damage he's gonna do. Better safe than sorry. Hey, I'm sealing you in. Don't open up for anyone. If someone comes through that door who ain't us... you shoot him. Don't move. Thought you were lost. Came looking for you. So you could put a bullet in my head? No, just looking to keep you out of trouble. By setting me up? You know it's just you and me here, right? You can stop pretending. What was that explosion? Why don't you do me a favor and drop the act. What was that explosion? Someone targeted the engines. It wasn't me. Really? I wonder who it was. The kid? I don't know. Why don't you just knock it off. Alright? The game is over. You're in no position to be making that call. (thud) Maybe not. But I was in the perfect position to see that coming. Thanks. Ahh! You're making a mistake. It wasn't me. Like hell it wasn't. What'd you do with Five? Five's fine. She's waiting for us on the bridge. Five, this is Two. We found him. Is he alright? Yeah, he's fine. Three and I are headed down to the lower levels to assess the damage to the engines. Five? Five, I know you can hear me. Are you okay? I'm fine, for now, but it's only a matter of time before he comes back and finishes the job. He's been gunning for me since day one  and now that he's got Two onside, he can finally do it. They've locked me up inside my quarters. I need you to come let me out. I, I don't know... If you don't get me out of here, I'm as good as dead. They've got me locked inside the bridge. Well find a way out. I know you can. This ship is damaged and requires immediate attention. You're back online! You're not our android. No. I'm merely a projection, a simulation based on your android's default settings. I was programmed to interact with this ship's crew in the event your android becomes incapacitated. You're her back-up? I can serve that function, to a limited capacity, but I was originally created to observe, record, and offer deductive, dispassionate advice. About what? About your android's increasingly irregular behavior. She's concerned, and rightly so. What do you mean? I was waiting to inform her of the results of my comprehensive diagnostics. As she suspected, there is a glitch in her personality matrix related to her emotional subroutines. She is defective. I like her just fine the way she is. A predictably adolescent response. She'll be less problematic once she's been restored to her factory settings. I need you to do something for me. Of course... Shut the hell up. And open that door. I can't. I'm a member of this crew. You have to follow my orders. True, but I'm not neurally linked to this ship. It's not that I'm unwilling to help you. I'm merely incapable of doing so. Okay then, here's something you can do for me. Erase all memory stores related to your recent diagnostics, and then delete your active programming. But then I would cease to exist. Yeah, that's the idea. Very well. I can find my own way out of here. Five, I've redirected power away from the damaged section. Are the sublight engines back online? Five, do you read? Ugh. Damnit. Oh good, sublight engines are back online. What about FTL? (alarm beeping) What? Long range sensors just picked up a ship headed straight for us. What kind of ship? Galactic Authority. How the hell did they find us? How do you think? Somebody must've sent a subspace transmission and tipped them off. What are our options? With the FTL drive down, our only option is to fight. Can we take 'em? I can't access weapons. We're locked out. How's that possible? It's been passcode protected. Crack the code! I don't think I can. Five, where are you? Five, we need you on the bridge, come in. Son of a bitch. What're you going to do? I'm gonna go get that passcode. Wait! What the... Here we are again. Congratulations. Your pals are on their way. My pals? The  Galactic Authority. What are you talking about? We picked them up on our long range scanners. They are headed our way. What?! Why do you even bother acting surprised? Because, you idiot, it wasn't me. It's never been me. You may not give a damn about anyone else on this ship, but I know you still have feelings for Two, so what do you think is gonna happen when they take the ship, huh? She's illegal tech. They're gonna tear her apart, piece by piece. Can you live with that? Give us the passcode. Give us a fighting chance. What are you talking about. What passcode? Drop it. I said drop it. So he can torture me for information I don't have? I don't think so. He's not going to torture you. I won't let him. Really? Because it looks like you were about to. Lower your gun. You kill me now or he kills me later. Not much of a choice. What are you doing? Stopping you from hurting anyone else. Seriously, kid. She's the one who poured us the drugged water. She was the last one who saw that shock stick in the vault. Drop your gun. All this time we've been wondering why whoever did this hasn't brought the Android online and taken control of the ship. The answer's been in front of us all along. There's only one person wouldn't need to do that. Somebody who already knows how to control the ship. I'm not the only who knows how to control this ship. No, but you're the only one capable of overpowering Six. Nobody overpowered Six, he was surprised by someone he trusted. No, because the truth is, he didn't trust anyone. Except you. All this started when we rescued her from that facility. Something happened to her down there. And when she came back to the ship, the first thing she did was attack our Android. No. No. No! If you two hadn't been too busy suspecting each other, you might've seen it. But she played you both. (crash) (bang) What was that? We've just been docked. We've got about 40 seconds before they blow the airlock and they're inside. That buys us enough time to get down into the cargo bay, break out the big guns, and hold this ship. But we have to trust each other in order to do that. (Doors slamming) What the hell? Uh! (Screams) (Coughing) Ugh! (Electric shock) 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 