Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x21 - Disaster Drills & Departures - Hart of Dixie 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x21 - Disaster Drills & Departures https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=119&t=15229 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/08/12 20:27 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x21 - Disaster Drills & Departures 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 I need to show George that I'm in this race, too. 
 Wade likes you. I don't want to see him get hurt. 
 You never wanted to help me. 
 The only thing you wanted was him. 
 Let me tell you something, Zoe Hart. 
 George Tucker and Lemon Breeland are getting married. 
 We owe it to each other to try and make this thing work. 
 Because you love her. 
 I do. 
 You of all people know how I feel about Frederick Dean. 
 There's just one problem: my mom won't let me date. 
 You have to talk to her. 
 I thought maybe you would consider reconsidering. 
 Fine, you win. 
 Zoe : Her appendix? 
 Yeah, no, it burst. 
 You said she would be fine! 
 (siren wailing) 
 Excuse me. 
 Excuse me. 
 I'm Dr. Hart; I have been trying for hours to get information on a patient. 
 Rose Hattenbarger-- she was brought here last night with a ruptured appendix. 
 You're not family? 
 No, but we're very close. 
 And you're not her doctor. 
 Dr. Breeland is, but I had temporary privileges here not that long ago. 
 Yes, I know. 
 You assisted on a mitral valve replacement. 
 Yeah. 
 A procedure some surgeons here waited years to do, because your daddy said you could. 
 Don't you think that's enough special treatment for one month? 
 Zoe. 
 Brick! 
 How is Rose? No one here will tell me anything. 
 There were complications from the perforation. 
 What kind of complications? 
 An abscess formed. 
 There's sepsis. 
 How extensive? but, for now, it-it could go either way. 
 What is she doing here? 
 Annie, it's okay. 
 It is not okay! 
 You're supposed to be a doctor! 
 You should go. 
 It's why I let her hang out with you. 
 Now look, she could die. 
 What is wrong with you?! 
 I'm sorry. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 (line ringing) 
 Automated Voice : Please leave a message after the tone. 
 (phone beeps) 
 Dad, it's Zoe. 
 Look, you don't have to call me back. 
 I don't even know why I am calling. 
 It's just, for various reasons, I don't have anyone else in my life at the moment. 
 A friend of mine is in the hospital-- appendiceal rupture. 
 We'll have a prognosis any minute. 
 So, yeah. 
 She's 14. 
 Rose. 
 Anyway, like I said, I don't even know why I'm calling. 
 It'll be fine. 
 Bye. 
 Brick : Hey. 
 One of the nurses said you were down here. 
 How is she? 
 Well, the antibiotics are working. 
 She's out of the woods. 
 In fact, she's conscious. 
 They transferred her out of the ICU, and she's asking for you. 
 Maybe Dr. Hart has some news about Rose. 
 Do you, uh, do you know where she is? 
 Why would I know where she is? 
 Or even care? 
 If you read in a book somewhere that I'm the world's leading expert on the whereabouts or migratory patterns of Dr. Zoe Hart, well, I suggest you contact the publisher, because it's wrong. 
 What? 
 Everybody, that was Daddy. 
 Rose is going to be just fine. 
 (applause, crowd sighing) 
 That's great news, baby. 
 I got to get going. 
 Can I walk you home? 
 Yeah. 
 Lemon, a whole bunch of people are going to the hospital today if Rose was okay, and I really want to go. 
 Of course. I didn't realize you two were friendly. 
 Well, this whole thing has reminded me how all life is precious. 
 Even the ones that seem so insignificant. 
 Okay. 
 (both chuckle) 
 (clears throat) 
 People! People! 
 Before everyone scatters, don't forget the Disaster Preparedness Drill. 
 Storm season is upon us, and we need to be ready. 
 So, before the meeting tonight, see me or my lieutenant Wanda here for your assignments. 
 Lieutenant! 
 (chuckles) 
 When is this drill supposed to be? 
 I can't say. 
 It's a surprise. 
 Well, there are a lot of good TV shows on this month, and I need to know whether or not to set my DVR. 
 Well, I suggest everybody set their DVR for anything they don't want to miss. 
 Well, what about shows like America's Next Top Model? 
 Because if I start to record it, somebody gonna tell me who won before I watch it. 
 I'm talking about a killer storm. 
 To survive, we need to pull together, everyone doing their assigned jobs, whether it be helping the wounded, boiling bed sheets, or sterilizing saws for field amputations. 
 This is an old list. 
 So I was thinking that maybe it might be nice to order in some dinner at your place tonight. 
 Sure. Yeah, we-we could do that. 
 Celebrate us being back on track... 
 Mm-hmm. 
 ...with a night of romance. 
 Oh. 
 Um... yeah, we should, we should probably do that. 
 Definitely. 
 Or you know what? It's so close, why don't we just wait till the wedding night? 
 Oh, uh, that would be fun. 
 Yeah. 
 Romantic. 
 I mean, unless you... 
 I love it, I love it. 
 Hello? 
 Ta-dah! 
 Ta-dah, what? 
 You left me a note saying to meet here, didn't say why. 
 (sighs) 
 I used to bring girls here to make out. 
 I sincerely hope that's not where this is going. 
 No, I found this building for sale. 
 Now, you know, it needs a little work, but picture it. 
 Wade's Place. 
 Wade's Place? 
 Ta-dah! 
 Stop doing that, seriously. 
 And I already have a place, okay? 
 It's at your place. 
 (sighs) 
 Wade's Place. 
 Your bar. 
 My... 
 Look, Lavon, Zoe already lost me the race money. 
 I don't have any cash. 
 Which is why we have an appointment with Peggy at the bank tomorrow, talk about a loan. 
 Really? 
 Uh-huh. 
 Wade's Place. 
 Ta-dah! 
 Seriously, stop. 
 Addy : Morning. 
 Hi, Addy. 
 Tried calling. Wanted to see how Rose is. 
 Oh, Brick left a message. 
 She's awake and stable. 
 Her fever is down and the infection is subsiding. 
 They're gonna hold her in the hospital for rehydration and post-op recovery. 
 Yeah, I know all that. I want to know how she is. 
 I don't know. 
 Why not? 
 Because I didn't see her. 
 Why not? 
 'Cause I couldn't do it. 
 I'm sorry, but I couldn't walk in that room and look at her, knowing that I'm the one who almost killed her. 
 What in the world are you talking about? 
 Rose's mother was right. 
 I'm a doctor. 
 Yesterday, she presented with abdominal pains, lack of appetite and nausea. 
 Signs of possible appendicitis, which a doctor would have seen. 
 Are you out of your mind? 
 I-I know you can't possibly think any of that's on you. 
 I took my eye off the ball and someone almost died! 
 So no more getting involved with patients. 
 From now on, if anyone needs a friend, they can join Facebook. 
 All they're getting from Dr. Zoe Hart is a doctor. 
 I can't sleep. 
 It's the neighbors next door. 
 AnnaBeth Nass and her husband Jake? 
 He's mowing the lawn in the middle of the night, banging trash cans around at all hours. 
 Right. So... you need a sleeping pill. 
 Once I'm awake, I can't get back to sleep. 
 I start thinking about my grandson in Pensacola. 
 Oh... he's in a terrible mess down there. 
 You mean Charlie? 
 Why? What happened? 
 He was doing... 
 Never mind. 
 Delma : You know Annabeth, right? Maybe you could talk to her. 
 No. 
 No, I can't. I'm sorry. 
 Crickett : Jordan almonds always remind me of my sister Corky's wedding. 
 She put the almonds in the same color little bags as the rice. 
 People got them mixed up, so when the couple came out of the church, they might as well have gotten stoned to death. 
 They were like Bonnie and Clyde going down in a hail of gunfire. 
 Ow. 
 You okay? 
 Mm-hmm. Oh, yes. 
 Just a twinge. Yoga. 
 Yoga? 
 Hmm. I've been doing more yoga after I read this thing in a magazine that said yoga makes s*x better. 
 Ever since my husband got that new job of his, he's feeling so much happier about things that... he just wants to have s*x all the ti-ime. 
 I'm gonna go get some aspirin. 
 Since when did it become okay to talk about private things out loud? 
 I think it's those new TV comedies. 
 Me, I've never felt so empowered. 
 (gasps) Speaking of such things, you must be so excited for your honeymoon. 
 Of course I am. 
 Why wouldn't I be? 
 Lemon... if you want to talk about.... 
 Well, it's not s*x. 
 It's, um... it's tennis. 
 Tennis? 
 Yeah, see... 
 George and I want to play tennis on our honeymoon, uh, but lately our tennis has been infrequent. 
 And, um, we used to play tennis all the time. 
 And George went to New York and well, I... 
 I played tennis with somebody else and... when George found out he just doesn't really want to... play tennis with me anymore. 
 Well, I don't play tennis myself, on account of the sun. 
 But, uh, it kind of reminds me of that time that my husband found out I'd slept with this guy before we met, and he just couldn't stop thinking about me with this other man, and we almost quit having s*x. 
 Anyway, back to tennis. 
 B-But what, back, back to the, um, s*x, um... what did you do about that exactly? 
 You just need to get George back on that tennis court. 
 Get a cute outfit. 
 Trick him into showing up if you have to. 
 Once he gets there, it'll all come back. 
 Oh, my God, Crickett, you are so right! 
 Ha! Goodness, now that's something you don't hear a lot. 
 See, I just need to get George back on the court and make it the best tennis he's ever had... played. 
 All right, before the honeymoon, I'm just gonna make him fall in love with me and my tennis all over again. 
 That's right. 
 Or try doubles. 
 I hear that's fun. 
 (laughs) No. 
 Rose : Hey, Mom,  did Zoe come by yet? 
 No, she hasn't. 
 Oh, she's ... probably just busy at work. 
 I'm sure she'll come by later. 
 Rose... 
 Annie : Magnolia. 
 Come in. 
 Mrs. Hattenbarger. 
 Rose. 
 What's going on? Did you get sentenced to community service or something? 
 No. 
 I wanted to see how you are. 
 Look, I know we have not been so close, but having this happen to someone I know, someone my own age, just really makes me think about myself. 
 More than usual? 
 (sighing): I mean... thank you for the chocolates. 
 My neighbor, Delma Warner, told me she complained to you about my husband and me keeping her up at night. 
 It's because of Jake's new job. 
 He works so many hours, he doesn't have time to get to the yard work and the trash cans, so... he has to do it at night. 
 Uh-huh. So, what can I do for you? 
 Oh. (clears throat softly) 
 Well, uh, my back hurts, uh, right here. 
 I did something to it in yoga two days ago. 
 I've been taking yoga, because it's supposed to be good for stress. 
 Which I have. 
 Do you want to ask me why I'm stressed? 
 Nope. I want to give you a muscle relaxer. 
 Are you mad at me? 
 No, I'm not. 
 You are, huh? 
 It's my fault. 
 We were starting to be so close, and then I totally dropped you, and now that I-I need... 
 You can see Addy for the pills. 
 Have a nice night. 
 Sandi : I'm still too weak  to teach, Brick. 
 I just about wore out my neti pot trying to get over this cold, but I still haven't been able to open my yoga studio all week. 
 But I heard that someone took a yoga class two days ago. 
 Uh, but then I remembered that I'm not interested. 
 Never mind. 
 Addy, w-would you take Sandi in my exam room, please? 
 Surely. 
 (sighs) 
 What is this nonsense? 
 What do you mean? 
 Addy said you're-you're switching off or something? 
 I mean, you're not interested in your patients? 
 Oh, no, I'm interested in what's wrong with them. 
 No, no, no, we're not rewinding this situation here. 
 I mean, I spent too much time and work making you into a decent doctor for you to head backwards on me now. 
 I'm not. It's just that I can be a better doctor  if I don't get involved. 
 No, you can't. 
 Of course you can't. You... 
 Really? 
 Because everyone that came in today was treated. 
 They were seen in half the usual time. 
 Best of all, no one died. 
 So I'd call that a pretty good day. 
 Thank you for your concern, Brick, but, really, I'm fine. 
 (quietly): Okay. 
 You didn't sound fine on the phone. 
 (softly): Dad! 
 (sighs) 
 Hello? Anyone? 
 Uh... 
 Lemon? 
 (clears throat) 
 Um, hello. 
 I can see you down there. 
 Sorry. 
 I-I'm supposed to be gone by now. 
 Okay, Crickett, what is... all of this? 
 I-I got a note that said: "To take a trip to You-and-Me-Land, "find your way "to Mansion... 
 Bree-land"? 
 Lemon asked me to do this. (groans) 
 I ruined it. 
 Um... okay. 
 Uh... 
 "The sweetest path from you to me is through the treat that... holds the key." 
 Okay. 
 (clears throat) 
 Oh. Right. 
 It wouldn't fit. 
 Do you have any idea what this is a key to? 
 A room at the Whippoorwill Blossom Inn. 
 It's why I was running behind. 
 I couldn't find anything to rhyme with Whippoorwill. 
 We should get a Ritz. 
 Okay, Crickett, do you have any idea what this is all about? 
 No. 
 But I don't mind; I'm used to it. 
 Okay. 
 My friend Rose pulled through just fine. 
 It's embarrassing that you came all this way for nothing. 
 You were upset. 
 And with our history, uh, if there was something I could do, then I wanted to show up. 
 Well, thank you. 
 There was really nothing to do. 
 I just needed to talk. 
 So, what was Brick talking about? 
 Why is he worried about you? 
 Oh, it's nothing. 
 He says that I can't be a good GP without getting involved with my patients. 
 So, you're not a GP, you're a surgeon. 
 No, I'm not a GP or a surgeon. 
 I'm nothing. 
 I don't belong here, but I have nowhere else to go. 
 All I ever wanted was to be a freakin' surgeon like you. 
 So that's why I'm doing this GP crap, because the chief said I can't get the surgical fellowship without it, which means getting involved. 
 But the more I get involved, the worse it is for everyone. 
 But... thank you... for coming... 
 Dad, and thank you for wanting to fix it, but... there's nothing that you can do. 
 I'm stuck. 
 (door opens) 
 (door closes) 
 Oh. Um, you're h... you're here early. 
 You look nice. 
 (chuckles) 
 Surprise. 
 (laughs) 
 (laughs) 
 Wow. 
 Uh, Lemon, um, this is really romantic and all, but I thought that we agreed that we were... gonna wait, you know, for our... our wedding night. 
 I know that we did, but... let's be honest, we're not saving it to be romantic, we're saving it because we're just afraid. 
 You know, it's a small town, and I don't like it any more than you do that... there's a third person between us, and I know that I put him there. 
 But we can either just pick up and leave town or just... push through it. 
 All right. All right. 
 (mumbles) 
 (sighs) 
 Just push through it. 
 Yes. 
 Just... just do it. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Just get the first one out of the way, go to bed. 
 Like a waffle. 
 Okay, I'm in. 
 Um... how do we do that? 
 Alcohol. Yeah. 
 Yeah. I'll call the front desk. 
 Magnolia : Seriously, when I said I wished Rose was dead, it was only because she was going out with Frederick Dean. 
 I did not mean really die. 
 Does God not get sarcasm? 
 Anyway, I am so glad she's not dead, and so if I make it up to her in every possible way, can you guarantee I will not go to hell? 
 ♪ ♪ 
 (soft gasp) What you working on? 
 Nothing! 
 Business proposal? 
 Shh! 
 (loudly): Business proposal for what? 
 Cut it out, okay? 
 Just cool it! 
 (giggles) 
 Okay? 
 (quietly): I'm opening a bar. 
 Oh... (laughs) 
 Shut up. 
 Okay? It's not a joke. 
 It's not funny. 
 Got a meeting tomorrow with Peggy from the bank, gonna get a loan. 
 No one is loaning money for new business in this economy. 
 Certainly not from no screw-up like Wade Kinsella. 
 Yeah, well, you're wrong, hmm? 
 Oh, look-- there's Peggy now. 
 I'll just over-serve her enough to impair her decision- making ability. 
 Hmm. 
 This is some damn good champagne. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 I believe I've had... just the right amount. 
 I think I have, too. 
 Matter of fact... right now I submit that s*x is not only doable, but... 
 I think it's a damn good idea. 
 (giggles) 
 I'll be right back. 
 (grunts) 
 Whoo! 
 (giggles) 
 (sighs) 
 (grunts) 
 (grunting) 
 Okay. 
 (groans, pants) 
 
 
 
 George? 
 Tom : People? People? Uh, uh, (electronic feedback) everyone has their assignments for the drill. 
 It's important we all do our job for this to work. 
 To illustrate why, our lovely Wanda will now sing "For the Want of a Nail." 
 Bring it on. 
 Give it up. Give it up! 
 (lively pop intro plays) 
 ♪ For the want of a nail, the shoe was lost ♪ 
♪ For the want of the shoe ♪ 
♪ The horse was lost, for the want ♪ 
♪ Of a horse, the rider was lost ♪ 
♪ For the want of the rider, the message was lost ♪ 
♪ For the want of nail ♪ 
♪ The world was lost ♪ 
♪ For the want of a nail ♪ 
♪ The world was lost ♪ 
♪ For the want of a nail ♪ 
 What's wrong? 
 ♪ The want of a nail ♪ 
 ♪ Of a nail ♪ 
 ♪ For the want of a rider, the message was lost ♪ 
♪ For the want of the message, the battle was... ♪ 
 Okay, I know you don't like it if I try to fix things. 
 I'll work on it. 
 But... 
 I called Boston General. 
 They'd offered me a position on their staff, and... 
 I said I'd take it if they gave you a cardio-thoracic fellowship. 
 What? Me? 
 And they said yes. 
 We could leave here tomorrow. 
 You wouldn't have to stay in BlueBell another minute. 
 ♪ For the want of a nail ♪ 
♪ The world was lost ♪ 
♪ For the want of a nail... ♪ 
 I'll take it. 
 ♪ The want of a nail... ♪ 
 (knocking) 
 Hello. 
 Hi. 
 Going somewhere? 
 Boston. 
 Gonna visit a friend or something? 
 No. 
 I got a cardio-thoracic fellowship. 
 So you're just gonna leave in the night? 
 In the morning. 
 Without saying good-bye? 
 Yeah. 
 Everyone's mad at me, anyway-- 
 who am I going to say good-bye to? 
 Wade hates me. 
 George chose Lemon. 
 He'd be glad to see I'm gone. 
 I tried to kill Rose. 
 You're mad at me. 
 Coming here caused enough drama; I don't need to make a big exit, too. 
 Uh, first of all, um... you and me... we had an argument. 
 We didn't break up. 
 And second, even if you think you-you were just passing through this place, you made a difference in lives. 
 Here. 
 You duck out of people without saying good-bye? 
 People like me and Rose. 
 It's like saying this didn't happen. 
 I'll do it. 
 In the morning, I promise. 
 Peggy. 
 We haven't been formally introduced yet. 
 Wade. 
 Uh, we have a meeting tomorrow about the loan. 
 Yes, hi. I know who you are. 
 Well, you can't believe everything you hear. 
 No, seriously, you can't. 
 Especially if it's bad. 
 But it might all be good. 
 (chuckles) 
 Probably not. 
 Let's not kid ourselves. 
 You know, some people tell you, they'll tell you I'm a screw up. 
 And-and, heck, I've had my share of indiscretions behind me, right? 
 Who hasn't? 
 People change. 
 You were young once. 
 Right? Wh... 
 (clears throat) 
 You're young now. 
 What I mean is that-that you probably came back to class with your skirt on backwards a time or two, right, huh? 
 Am I right? No? 
 Peggy, (clears throat) what I'm trying to say is, uh, if you give me that money, I won't cause trouble. 
 I won't... 
 I won't get into trouble. 
 See, I realize that sounded like a threat. 
 Okay, well, I should be getting home now. 
 No, no, no, no, no, look. 
 I think we got off on the wrong foot a little bit. 
 So, why don't you... why don't you stay here. 
 I'll grab you another drink, and we can make out... 
 Hang out, hang out, hang out. 
 Okay, you know what? Good night now. 
 All right, I-I'll see you tomorrow. 
 Just gonna pull these apart. 
 And just squeeze your-your head. 
 Ow! 
 Stop, stop, okay? 
 Come on. 
 Ow, ow, stop. 
 I think you've been pulling on my head long enough, and I think it's safe to say that that's not the answer. 
 (grunting): Geez! 
 You're right. 
 You're right, okay. 
 Here. 
 We need to make it slick. 
 I'll just go buy some olive oil or something. 
 No, no, no, no, no! 
 You can't leave me here, stuck like this. 
 What if you end up in a car accident, end then you get into a coma, and then you can't tell anyone that I'm stuck here? 
 And you being stuck here is the only bad part of that scenario? 
 Okay, what about whipped cream, would that work? Yeah, I guess, but where am I gonna get whipped cream? 
 Um, in my overnight bag? 
 Why in the world you got whipped cream in your.... 
 Oh. 
 Thank you so much for all you did for me today, Magnolia. 
 Getting me these chocolates and the pizzas and all these stuffed animals. 
 And my favorite pink sweater. 
 Love it. 
 You are such a good friend. 
 Oh, I try. 
 So, there's nothing else, right? 
 Uh, no, but tomorrow... 
 Tomorrow? 
 Yeah. 
 You know, I am so craving an ice cream cake, but not the kind you get at an ice cream store. 
 Maybe it's me mysteriously almost dying, but I can't help but want that delicious taste of homemade. 
 (chuckles) 
 Zoe : I promised to say good-bye to everyone. 
 So, where were we? 
 Oh, right, yeah. 
 You wanted me to follow in your footsteps. 
 Oops. 
 A little update: didn't go so great. 
 Sorry. 
 But for the record, I didn't want any of this. 
 I'm sorry that you're dead, but this is all on you. 
 Coming here was supposed to make me a better doctor. 
 But it just made things worse. 
 I'm in love with someone who's marrying someone else. 
 I hurt someone who has feelings for me. 
 And Rose... 
 How can I ever... 
 (sighs) 
 But hey, first do no harm, right? 
 So, that's why I'm going somewhere where I can never hurt anyone ever again. 
 So long. 
 (phone ringing) 
 (sighs) 
 (air raid siren wailing) 
 Oh. 
 Drill. 
 Oh! Oh! I need to be there; I got important... 
 Wait, what, what? 
 Are you seriously thinking of leaving this actual emergency to go to a fake emergency? 
 I swear to God, George, if you leave me here, this whole town can practice what to do if a woman chews off her own head! 
 Right, right. 
 (sighs) 
 Yeah. 
 Dash : Storm emergency! 
 House-to-house search! 
 Is anybody in here? 
 Wait, wait, wait, wait. 
 Wait, wait, wait. 
 No! No! 
 Wait! 
 Oh. 
 Uh, sorry. 
 Nice peignoir. 
 Wanda : Tom! 
 Has anyone seen Tom Long? 
 (gasps) 
 Tom! 
 Tom, you're supposed to be the drill captain. 
 You're not listed as being hurt. 
 I'm afraid disaster knows no script. 
 Doctor! 
 We need a doctor over here! 
 Yeah, well, I could use one over here, too, but I haven't seen our Dr. Hart in hours. 
 I don't think she's coming. 
 Thank you for arranging a flight tonight. 
 No problem. 
 Why wait till morning, right? 
 Did you say all your good-byes? 
 I did. 
 (phone chirps) 
 (sighs) 
 Hey, you did the right thing, leaving right away. 
 Better for everyone not to drag it out. 
 I know. 
 I just keep thinking about How the Grinch Stole Christmas. 
 All the Whos in Whoville, they wake up with Christmas just gone. 
 Cindy Lou Who standing there all confused. 
 Then they sang and they were fine. 
 (sighs) 
 I guess. 
 It's like an infection down here, you know? 
 Caring... sucks. 
 You're not the Grinch, and you don't want to be a GP, you want to be a surgeon, and detaching is how you become a great one. 
 That's why they curtain off everything but the area you're gonna cut. 
 No person, just a problem to fix. 
 I know, right? 
 You don't have to know their grandma or go to their birthday party or hear about their fake yoga class. 
 Sounds great. 
 I ran into Peggy over at the water purifying station. 
 Where in our plan did it say Wade hits on the loan officer? 
 I didn't hit on her. 
 All right, look, I got tongue-tied, and then it just... 
 It came out wrong. 
 I'll fix it before the meeting tomorrow, okay? 
 I'll fix it. 
 What meeting? She canceled. 
 Said you might not be ready for the responsibility of a business. 
 After one screw up? 
 See, that just shows she wasn't gonna give me a loan anyway. 
 Of course not! 
 Which is why I was going along to cosign the loan. 
 You were? 
 I was gonna vouch for you. 
 I was gonna say you changed. 
 (sighs) 
 Ethan : Still delayed. 
 Don't know how long. 
 I'm sorry. 
 I know you had better things to do than this. 
 Oh, not at all. 
 I don't even mind airports anymore. 
 I got so used to them when your mom and I split up. 
 Why? 
 (sighs) 
 Every time she had a function or an event, or something, I had to fly back for it to keep up the front that our marriage was still fine. 
 That we were still the perfect couple. 
 She didn't tell people that you split up? 
 No, not for a long time. 
 (chuckles) 
 I think she thoughttit would re. 
 What she put herself through, keeping up all those lies. 
 Oh, damn it. 
 Dad? 
 I'm going to be a great surgeon. 
 But you know that infection I was talking about? 
 The caring and all? 
 I'm sorry, but first, I have to clear up one more case. 
 Be right back. 
 You wanted to see me this time of night. 
 I got worried. 
 I was talking to my dad about something sad. 
 My mom was so embarrassed when he left her, that she pretended that they were still together for a long time afterward. 
 I thought about how hard she had to work to put on a front. 
 She lived in New York City, but if not, I can imagine all kinds of things that she might have been doing like mowing the lawn in the middle of the night. 
 Keeping her old-lady neighbor awake. 
 She must have been hurting so much, and to not be able to tell anyone... 
 Hmm, that does sound hard. 
 How long has he been gone? 
 Three months. 
 His new job took him to Baton Rouge some weeks. 
 He met a waitress there. 
 Says they're in love. 
 He's not coming back. 
 I'm sorry. 
 But, AnnaBeth, you can't keep hiding the truth from the town. 
 If nothing else, your back won't take it. 
 (chuckles) 
 You have to tell people. 
 That's the whole point of small towns, right? 
 Everyone cares. 
 (sighs) 
 Thank you, Zoe. 
 (sighs) 
 You believe that? 
 Then why the hell are you leaving? 
 (sighs) 
 Zoe : How did you find out? 
 Small town. 
 Lavon. 
 Don't think I haven't dreamed about this day for most of last year, but I do think I should at least get to know why. 
 I'm not a GP, that's all. 
 I heard you in here with AnnaBeth. 
 That was being an excellent GP. 
 Yeah, well, I just can't do it anymore. 
 Do what? 
 Care. 
 Look, Zoe, I know you blame yourself for what happened to Rose. 
 I just-- I can't do it, Brick, okay? 
 I can't take that chance again. 
 What, chance of someone getting sick? 
 Someone that I know, someone that I care about. 
 I was more scared than I've ever been in my whole life. 
 GPs feel that way all of the time. 
 It hurts too much. 
 I just can't live that way, I'm sorry. 
 Yeah, me, too. 
 You know it's called being human? 
 Zoe, people get sick and they die, but they're also born and they learn to ride a bike and... fall in love. 
 You can shut yourself off from all that if you want to-- I mean, that's your choice-- but don't call that living. 
 Oh, God, you nearly scared me half to death with that hacksaw of yours. 
 I thought for sure I was going to be decapitated. 
 Yeah, well, I'm just glad I found one. 
 (gasps) Oh, my God. 
 What? 
 I forgot my underwear. 
 You're not wearing any underwear right now? 
 Shh! 
 No, George, we ran out of there so quick. 
 Well, shoot, now I can't concentrate. 
 (both laugh) 
 It's kind of like our first time, remember? 
 Yes. 
 I asked you if you wore underwear under those cheerleader underpants or if they were the underwear. 
 (giggles) 
 And at the JV football game, I took you under the bleachers to show you just to, you know, put your mind at rest. 
 And it did not do that. 
 And I remember being late to the varsity game that night and missing three more later that season. 
 Remember that one time that your foot nudged the, uh, the homecoming halftime fireworks display, and when they finally went off, they were all aimed at the... 
 Both : Water tower? 
 (laughs) 
 (clears throat) 
 Nobody ever knew. 
 (sighs) 
 No one ever did. 
 Baby... you know, all those memories-- they're just ours. 
 Nobody can take them away from us... 
 ...not unless we let them. 
 Plane left. 
 I know, I'm sorry. 
 The hell of it will be getting your luggage back. 
 Lot of paperwork. 
 Dad... I'm staying. 
 You're sure? 
 I might be a better surgeon somewhere else, but I'll be a better person in BlueBell. 
 Well, as a surgeon, I have to tell you, it's... it's career suicide. 
 I know. 
 But as your father... 
 I'm proud of you. 
 (sighs) 
 Morning. 
 Look, uh... 
 I just wanted to apologize for screwing up the meeting yesterday. 
 I appreciate your faith in me, however misplaced it might be. 
 Not misplaced. 
 No, I prefer to think of it as premature. 
 Yeah. 
 As in, not yet mature. 
 Huh. 
 Well, fair enough. 
 All in good time then, right? 
 I can't wait till Zoe Hart hears about this. 
 She just loves a good story where I make a fool out of myself. 
 Oh, you don't know. 
 Wade, uh... 
 Zoe's gone. 
 (chuckles) 
 Gone how? 
 Moved away during the night. 
 Oh. 
 Well... 
 Good, then, huh? 
 About time. 
 Yeah, you know what? All that stuff abou-about me "improving myself," about trying to open a bar-- that was all her anyway, so, uh... 
 Yeah, yeah, you know what? I think life just got a whole lot easier around here. 
 (door opens) 
 Morning. 
 Hey. 
 So, uh, you decided to say good-bye after all, huh? 
 Oh, no, I-I'm not great with good-byes, so I decided to stay. 
 I thought... 
 I-I thought you s... 
 Crickett : So, how was last night? 
 Last night was... 
 (giggles) 
 Goodness, you certainly do love tennis. 
 Lemon : Yes, I do. 
 AnnaBeth, is something wrong? 
 Well, don't just stand there. 
 You look like a public statue honoring the confused. 
 I have something to tell you guys. 
 It's about my marriage. 
 Hi. 
 Zoe, oh, my God, there you are. 
 Magnolia : Rose, I will be right outside if you need anything. 
 Okay. 
 (sighs) 
 Okay, what was that? 
 Oh, nothing, Magnolia is my servant. 
 Nice. 
 So, where have you been? 
 I've got so much to tell you. 
 I know, I-I'm sorry. 
 I should have come, but I was so scared. 
 I just needed time to understand the right thing to do. 
 Doctors get scared? 
 That's what I hear. 
 Ye.. 
 What did you want to tell me? 
 Okay, ready? 
 Yeah. 
 Frederick Dean kissed me. 
 What?! 
 (laughs) 
 Oh... my God. 
 Okay, wait, you have to tell me every second, do not miss a thing. 
 Okay, but if you're going to stay for a while, let me get you some tea. 
 Magnolia! 
 (laughter and excited chatter) 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 