Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x04 - In Havoc & in Heat - Hart of Dixie 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x04 - In Havoc & in Heat https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=119&t=15212 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/19/11 22:31 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x04 - In Havoc & in Heat 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Dr. Hart, my name is Dr. Harley Wilkes. 
 I'm from BlueBell, Alabama. 
 Harley Wilkes was your father. 
 What? 
 He left you his practice. 
 Zoe, this is Lemon Breeland. 
 George Tucker. 
 You're the mayor? 
 Lavon Hayes, the linebacker? 
 You share a generator with Wade Kinsella. 
 I don't want you getting any ideas. 
 [Panting] 
 [Yells] 
 Notice how whenever I come around there's always sparks? 
 Lavon : If I do recall, we are at your engagement party. 
 You know how difficult this is for me. 
 Difficult never stopped me. 
 Who are you? 
 Didi. 
 Your new receptionist. 
 Would you like to go out to dinner some time? 
 Didi : Well, I ought to feel welcome. 
 Flowers from the mayor. 
 Mayor? 
 I don't know or care what is going on between you two, but... 
 Lemon, I got business to attend to. 
 [Children shouting happily] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [Laughter] 
 [Barking] 
 [Barking] 
 Gross. 
 I have a question. 
 Why are you half naked? 
 [Laughs] 
 More importantly, why is the earth on fire? 
 Oh. Lavon Hayes would like to welcome you to your very first BlueBell heat wave, where hot and bothered takes on a whole new meaning. 
 Meaning? 
 People tend to go a little crazy around here this time of year. 
 Yeah, and get ready to see half-naked people doing full-on crazy things. Oh, yeah. 
 I don't want to see that. 
 I want to sit in the freezer. 
 You better watch yourself, girl, 'cause the fever hits everyone eventually. 
 Even New York City doctor types. 
 Yup, and pretty soon, your freaky deaky will be on full display. 
 I doubt it. 
 Trust me. 
 It hits everyone. 
 I hate to disappoint you, Lavon, but I don't have freaky deaky in me. 
 I'm not a freaky deaky kind of person. 
 Ambitious? You betcha. 
 But I don't do crazy. 
 Why not? 
 Since when did breakfast become clothing optional? 
 Since there's a heat wave, baby! 
 Oh, give me some. 
 Uh-huh. Bam. 
 LAVON [Laughs]: Trust me. 
 BlueBell gets a lot more fun when it's 105 degrees out. 
 And since Didi and I are going out on our first date tomorrow night. 
 Oh, yeah! 
 Oh, yeah! 
 Hit it! 
 I don't understand how you people are happy about this weather. 
 My contacts have literally melted onto my eyeballs. 
 Heat wave's like a free pass to do whatever you want. 
 What's not to like? 
 I'm assuming that's a rhetorical question? 
 I'm also assuming that you don't know what rhetorical means. 
 I think it means you haven't answered the question. 
 I know all about free passes. 
 See, it's like my mom and champagne. 
 When she drinks, she thinks that nothing counts. 
 My mom used to throw these huge parties for her celebrity clients at our house. 
 So, the champagne would flow, then, the next day, someone would be arrested, someone would have lost their pants, and my mom would be found passed out behind the couch with one of her friend's husbands and a Calvin Klein model. 
 Exactly. 
 Your mom knew how to enjoy a free pass. 
 Yeah, so much that she went on a Greek cruise, had s*x with some guy, and now I live in Alabama. 
 Point is, I don't do crazy. 
 I have seen crazy, and crazy comes with consequences. 
 There's no such thing as a free pass. 
 Mm-hmm. You'll see. 
 Weather this hot, you cannot fight your inhibitions, girl. 
 You know, you could look at this as an opportunity. 
 What's the one thing you wanted to do since you got here that you haven't done? 
 Just go right ahead and do it. 
 No judgments, no inhibitions. 
 Just do it. 
 Know what I mean? 
 Okay. 
 Maybe... I do. 
 Yeah? 
 [Laughs] 
 Oh! 
 [Laughs] 
 [Laughs] 
 [Sighs] 
 [Sighs] 
 Oh, my goodness! 
 George, baby, why didn't you tell me it was so late? 
 I didn't know I was supposed to. 
 Baby, I can't dilly dally in bed all day. 
 I got a duck to prepare, and your mama's recipe requires 24 hours of marinating, and I haven't even de-seeded the chilies yet. 
 So make something else. 
 Baby, I can't just make something else. 
 Tomorrow's dinner has to be perfect. 
 Your parents only come into town once a month, and that doesn't give me nearly enough time with them. 
 Really? 'Cause I feel the exact opposite. 
 George, I'm being serious. 
 Don't you want your mama to like me? 
 She does like you. 
 She finds me silly and high-strung and you know it. 
 She doesn't take me serious, George, and we're getting married, and-and this dinner is a... it's a symbol of our future. 
 Pretty soon, we're gonna be having Thanksgiving Mm-hmm. and Christmas, and I need to show her my agreeable nature. 
 [Laughs] 
 What? I am very agreeable. 
 Of course you are. 
 Good. Now, try and get home early from work tomorrow. 
 The earlier we eat, the better. 
 Otherwise, your dad's gonna get started on the bourbon. 
 We know what happens next. 
 Football. 
 Football. 
 Right. 
 Well, maybe you should talk to Brick. 
 Well, maybe you should talk to your daddy. 
 All right, okay. 
 I will see about getting home early tomorrow. 
 But for now, that duck can wait. 
 [Laughs] 
 It is a heat wave. 
 Mmm. 
 Mosquito bites. 
 I got 'em on my boat last night. 
 I'm assuming that they all extend toward... 
 My buttocks, yes, ma'am. 
 Do you need to see 'em? 
 No, no. 
 I'll take your word for it. 
 It's just a little strange that it's only on your backside and your right leg, and not on your front side or your left leg. 
 Well, it's not that strange, considering the position I was in. 
 And what position would that be? 
 Are you familiar with the Kama Sutra at all? 
 Addy?! 
 Uh-huh. 
 Could you please get this young man some calamine lotion? 
 A bucket's worth? 
 Come on, Fred. 
 You little devil. 
 That vase was supposed to be mine. 
 Mama changed her mind about the vase when she gave you the car! 
 Ladies, please. 
 Well, I never wanted the car! 
 I wanted the vase, and you know it! 
 Well, you got the car, so stuff it! 
 What in the world is all the fuss? 
 George : Addy, you remember the Parker sisters, right? 
 Of course I do. Polly. 
 Fiona. How are you two ladies? 
 I am bleeding, thank you very much. 
 My sister tried to kill me with a desk clock. 
 If I was trying to kill you, you'd be dead. 
 Oh, both of you, hush up. I'm gonna take you in to see Brick, try to sort this out. 
 Oh, you know what? We might want to go ahead and separate them between doctors, 'cause, uh, Polly's awful riled up. 
 You want me to give Dr. Hart one of Dr. Breeland's patients? 
 Brick's not gonna like that. 
 Well, it's a heat wave in BlueBell, and you guys are swamped. 
 I'm sure Brick won't mind that much. 
 I'll take the bleeding one. 
 Uh, just tell Brick to give that one a sedative or something. 
 Well, I don't want a sedative! 
 But I do, so will you save it for me? 
 Bleeding lady? 
 Please, come in here. - Thank you. 
 I'm telling you, she's getting worse and worse. 
 Lord knows, Polly has always been difficult, but ever since mama died, she's gone downright insane. 
 We were going over their mother's will for the third time this month, and things got a little heated, and before I knew it, my desk clock was in the air. 
 How long ago did your mom pass away? 
 About eight months ago, but we knew it was coming. 
 She'd been fighting and losing with cancer for three years or so. 
 Hey, things are gonna get easier, all right? 
 We'll get through this together. 
 Promise. 
 Thank you, Mr. Tucker. 
 Have you ever met a nicer lawyer in your life? 
 And so handsome. 
 Broke the mold with this one. 
 Yes, they did. 
 You are all fixed. 
 Feel better... Few... 
 Both : Fiona. 
 Fiona. 
 George : Yeah. 
 [Laughs] 
 I knew that. 
 Thank you. 
 Y'all have a good day. 
 We should turn the A/C up. 
 It's hot in here, don't you think? 
 Mr. Tucker, I was just coming to get you. 
 Is everything all right, Didi? 
 Well, I wasn't sure how long you were gonna be with the Parker twins, and I wanted to make sure I got your signature on these documents. 
 Okay, well, I appreciate an assistant with initiative, but none of these documents seem to be time-sensitive, so... 
 They're not. 
 I just wanted you to know how seriously I take this job and how grateful I am for the opportunity. 
 Yeah, you're quite welcome. 
 And how much I would appreciate it if you let me have a half day tomorrow. 
 You see, I have a date, and it's the first date I've had in ages that I'm actually excited about. 
 Okay, Didi. 
 And... And I know it sounds frivolous, but I thought it might be nice to get my hair done. 
 It's hard to explain. 
 Didi, I... 
 But given the current humidity levels, my hair has a tendency to explode in ways that some might find horrifying, and... 
 Okay, you know what, Didi? 
 Didi, just hold that thought. 
 Just for a second, okay? 
 [Phone beeps on] 
 [Phone ringing] 
 Your mom likes irises, right? 
 Because I'm preparing the centerpiece for tomorrow night, and these little darlings are about to bloom. 
 She loves irises. 
 And guess what? 
 I'll be coming home early tomorrow. 
 We're gonna close the office at noon on account of Didi's big date. 
 [Squealing] 
 Well, aren't you the sweetest man who ever lived? 
 And who is Didi going out with that she needs a whole day to prepare? 
 I don't know. I didn't ask. 
 Well, you are her employer. 
 You do have a right to know. 
 Lavon Hayes! 
 AKA, the mayor. 
 AKA, gorgeous! AKA, nicest man in the world. 
 Could you die? 
 I'm dying! 
 It's apparently Lavon. 
 So, I'll be home early. 
 If you need help with anything, just let me know, all right? 
 Babe? 
 Oh, yes. 
 Sorry. It's, um... it's the heat. 
 I'll see you later tonight, and wish Didi well. 
 Okay, will do. 
 [Sighs] 
 Whoa. 
 Okay. 
 Oh, no. 
 Wade : Jump in! 
 No, thank you. 
 Why not? 
 Afraid you might have too much fun? 
 No. But I think my version of fun is a lot different than your version of fun. 
 Yeah? 
 What's your version look like? 
 My first solo surgery. 
 Gallbladder removal-- I got to use a laparoscope. 
 You had to be there. 
 Sounds epic. 
 Tell you what. 
 There's nothing more freeing than jumping into a cool pond on a hot day. 
 Lovely, but no. 
 Not for me. 
 Why not? 
 One, I just blew out my hair. 
 Two, I can't be late for work. 
 And three, I am pretty sure there are snakes in there. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Whoo! 
 Now I know there are snakes in there. 
 [Laughs] 
 But I don't want to get pregnant! 
 You won't. 
 You can't. 
 I don't want to fit you for an IUD. 
 You really don't need an IUD. 
 Let's just say no to the IUD. 
 Lots of people my age get pregnant. 
 I read the tabloids. 
 It could happen. 
 Go on, now. 
 Ooh. 
 Thank you, dear. 
 Have fun, you two. 
 George : Hey, how's it going? 
 Hey. You bring me some more crazy people to fix? 
 Not just now. 
 I'm actually here to see Brick about Polly. 
 Why? Did something happen? 
 Maybe, maybe not. 
 Fiona called me this morning. 
 Apparently, they got in another fight last night, and now Fiona wants to have Polly committed. 
 She's saying Polly is unfit to take care of herself. 
 Wow. Do you think that's true? 
 Honestly, I'm not sure. 
 Not sure about what? 
 Fiona wants you to sign an affidavit saying that Polly is mentally unstable. 
 And I have to admit, I don't entirely disagree. 
 Her outburst yesterday was pretty scary. 
 Fiona said that she's only gotten worse since her mom passed away. 
 She could be slipping into a clinical depression. 
 I think we should consider prescribing antidepressants... 
 Surprise, surprise. 
 Dr. New York City wants to push some pills. 
 I didn't say that. 
 I was only suggesting... 
 People, we are in the middle of a heat wave. 
 Polly isn't any crazier than the rest of these folks. 
 When the weather cools down, so will her temper. 
 My patient, my decision. 
 Case closed. 
 Now, George, I believe we have someplace to be. 
 Seriously? 
 That's the end of the conversation? 
 I'm sorry, Zoe, I... 
 My folks are in town, Lemon's making dinner. 
 It's kind of a big deal. 
 But I promise you this. 
 Heat wave's gonna break in a couple of days. 
 If Polly's not feeling any better by then, I will make sure she comes back in for a sit-down, okay? 
 Why are you asking her permission? 
 Polly isn't even her patient. 
 Now, come on, son. 
 And try not to kill anybody while I'm gone. 
 While you're gone, I won't feel like killing anyone. 
 Okay. 
 Madison Avery. 
 I glued it to my tummy so I wouldn't drown. 
 Okay. 
 I don't see the bourbon anywhere. 
 How odd. 
 Well, why don't I pour you a glass of fresh-squeezed lemonade instead? 
 Found it! 
 MRS. TUCKER: My, my, my. 
 Fresh-squeezed lemonade. 
 Did you do that all by yourself, dear? 
 Oh, yes, ma'am. 
 I believe everything tastes better when you make it with love. 
 Speaking of which, that duck recipe you gave me was just heavenly. 
 Oh, no. 
 Is that what we're having tonight? 
 I wish you'd have told me. 
 Harold and I had duck last night. 
 Now, don't burst a gullet, dear. 
 It's fine. 
 I'm sure yours will be an entirely different experience. 
 Oh, don't be silly. 
 We don't need to eat that duck. 
 Um, why don't we just eat at Fancie's instead? 
 Knock, knock. 
 [All murmur excitedly] 
 There he is! 
 Hey, Mama. 
 Hey, baby. 
 How are you? 
 How are you? 
 Dad. 
 [Chuckles] 
 Where'd Brick get to? 
 George : Uh, he'll be right here. 
 He said he had to stop by the store and pick up something real quick. 
 Well, why don't you give him a call and tell him to meet us at Fancie's. 
 Change of plans, sweetheart. 
 Isn't that so fun? 
 I just love spontaneity, don't you, Mrs. Tucker? 
 Why in the world would we go out to eat when you went through all the trouble... 
 Oh, George! Stop. 
 There's no need to get so wound up over a tiny little thing. 
 We can just cut it up and I can make it into a salad and we can eat it all week long. 
 Now, let's see if I can get that reservation at Fancie's. 
 You know, why don't you let George do that. 
 You know, the last time you made the reservation, we wound up at that awful table right near the restrooms. 
 You remember that? 
 [Laughter] 
 I do. 
 Oh, it was dreadful! 
 Silly me. 
 [Laughs] 
 [Groans] 
 Unfortunately, there is not a prescription for a hangover, Shelley. 
 But my advice would be to stop taking tequila shots on the job. 
 That's more preventative medicine. 
 Fair enough, but just so you know, I never drink on the job. 
 I hardly ever do shots. 
 It's just, the heat wave. 
 Heat wave. 
 I know it's juvenile, but sometimes it just feels good to be bad. 
 Don't you think? 
 [Door opens] 
 We're closed, Wade. 
 Here's the acetaminophen. 
 It's the best I can do. 
 Hey, look, I'm sorry to barge in after hours, Doc, but, uh, I was taking out the trash over at the Rammer Jammer and the fence kind of jumped out and got me. 
 You think it needs stitches? 
 I have to clean it up to see. 
 Why don't you go sit down in there and I'll take a look. 
 All right. 
 You should totally hit that. 
 Wade? 
 No! 
 I could never. 
 He's just so... 
 Beautiful? Available? Gorgeous? 
 Not where I was going. 
 Plus, it's obvious he likes you. 
 No, he doesn't. 
 I work with the man every day. 
 I can tell these things. 
 The way he looks at you. 
 You have definitely gotten under his skin. 
 Maybe it's time you let him get under yours. 
 Come on. 
 The fever hits everyone eventually. 
 You might as well give in. 
 Ow. 
 [Groans] 
 Tucker, party of five. 
 Right this way. 
 This was such a great idea, Mrs. Tucker. 
 I'm so glad you thought of it. 
 [Chuckles] 
 Well, isn't this a coincidence! 
 Ow. 
 
 
 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Sure are taking your time with that bandage, Doc. 
 There. You're good to go. 
 I appreciate all the fine work you did. 
 If there's anything I can do to repay the favor, I'll be at the Rammer Jammer later. 
 So, you know where to find me. 
 Need something, Doctor? 
 Addy, I thought you left already. 
 I was just looking for some gum. 
 Yeah, we, uh, keep it in the condom jar. 
 Makes a fun treasure hunt for the kids. 
 Listen up now, it's okay. 
 The heat has finally caught up with you. 
 Happens to the best of them. 
 Happened to me in '08, which is why I have a Snoopy tattoo on my ass. 
 Point is, heat waves make us do stupid things we almost always regret. 
 No reason you have to succumb. 
 I suggest you go home, take a cold shower, and let the moment pass. 
 What if I don't want it to? 
 Excuse me? 
 Everyone else gets to act crazy. 
 Why can't I? 
 Slow down, antsy pants. 
 You're not making any sense. 
 So what? 
 Maybe I'm tired of making sense. 
 Always doing the right thing. 
 My whole life, I've acted appropriately and considered the consequences. 
 I'm probably the only girl in New York that never had a one-night stand. 
 And that's a bad thing? 
 I wouldn't know, would I? 
 Because I never let myself find out. 
 Until today. 
 My time has come, Addy! 
 If you'll excuse me. 
 Took too many. 
 Seems kind of wasteful. 
 MRS. TUCKER: Didi's your new associate? 
 Assistant, Mom. 
 Either way, she's awfully pretty. 
 I don't think I'd let Mr. Tucker hire a woman that beautiful. 
 Did you change your hair, Mom? 
 'Cause it really becomes you. 
 Aw, thank you, honey. 
 That's so sweet. 
 Lemon, you should see my stylist. 
 She might be able to help with that forehead situation. 
 What? 
 Lemon, didn't you have a funny story you wanted to share with Mama about your Junior League meeting? 
 Oh, do dish. What happened? 
 Oh, yes, it was, um, a really funny story. 
 It's so good. 
 Um, it's such a good story. 
 Um... 
 Uh, you know what? I need to, uh, powder my nose. 
 I'll be back in a jiff. 
 [Chuckles] 
 Uh... 
 Yes. 
 Well, at least tell me what it's about. 
 [Clears throat] 
 What are you doing here? 
 I could ask you the same question. 
 Excuse me? 
 Sabotaging my date by spying on me? 
 Are you insane? 
 Do you think that I would choose this restaurant on purpose? 
 Okay, well, I'm supposed to believe this is all just a natural coincidence? 
 Know what, I don't care what you believe, because I'm trying to collect myself and you're making me all... 
 Making you all what? 
 You're making me all... 
 ♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
 S'up, Wade? 
 ♪ ♪ 
 I am so sorry I'm late. 
 Clora. 
 Darling. 
 Hi. Hi. 
 Hi. 
 Lemonade. 
 Hey, Harold. 
 I heard about your new Mercedes, and I thought maybe you might want to decorate it. 
 [Laughter] 
 [Groans] 
 Very funny. 
 Waitress : Shall I tell you about the specials? 
 Yes, please. 
 I'd like another bourbon. 
 We have a very nice lamb. 
 Brick, did you catch the Cowboy-Saint game? 
 George : Wait, no, we're not gonna talk... 
 What about it, Hal? 
 I'm just curious if you saw Ingram's fumble in the third. 
 And our crab cakes are out of this world. 
 Oh, well, Daddy, you just love the crab cakes here. 
 How about we get a few orders for the table. 
 MRS. TUCKER: Are you sure? 
 Wedding's just a few months away, dear, and you know what they say: "A moment on the lips..." 
 Mom, please? 
 Well, I'm just saying that it takes a 'Bama man to have those butterfingers. 
 Perhaps I'll come back. 
 Brick : You know, from where I sat, that left guard let that D-tackle slip through there like he owed him money, just like he always did at Auburn. 
 You must've been sitting with a blindfold on... 
 Here we go. 
 Brick : my DVR-- maybe a little instant replay might help you understand  what really happened. 
 Oh, you know what, gentlemen? Why don't we just go ahead and agree to disagree on this one. 
 You're right, George. 
 It's not like we can prove who's right anyway. 
 Lemon : Thank you, Daddy. 
 Thank you, Pops. 
 Brick : Unless, of course, we could get a professional opinion. 
 Get a what? 
 Uh, uh, Mayor Hayes, have you got a minute? 
 Excuse me. 
 Lavon : How y'all doing tonight? 
 Uh, Mayor, I-I'm sorry, we did not mean to interrupt your date. 
 No, it's no problem, no problem. 
 Lavon Hayes, I'm a big fan. 
 Oh. Thank you, sir. 
 Thank you. 
 Oh, come on, there's no way he's gonna be objective. 
 He bleeds crimson and white. 
 We were just having a bit of a disagreement about the Cowboys game. 
 Oh, oh, you got to love it when we go into O.T. 
 We would love to have your expert analysis. 
 Maybe you and your date would like to join us. 
 Oh, Daddy, uh... 
 I'm sure the mayor has no interest in sitting with us. 
 We'd love to join you. 
 [Men laughing] 
 Didi! Uh, come on over here. 
 Brick : Could we get a couple of chairs over here, please? 
 ♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
 [Chuckles] 
 You all right down there? 
 Yeah. 
 Little slippery. 
 Yeah. 
 Um... 
 Can I get you something? 
 I think you know. 
 Wine. 
 No. 
 Uh... beer? 
 Y-Yeah, beer... beer. 
 Beer could help. 
 All right. 
 Wait, no, no. I-I... 
 No, I don't want anything to drink. 
 Oh. 
 So...? 
 So... 
 [Brief chuckle] 
 You got a... you got a contact lens situation, or... 
 No. 
 [Clears throat] 
 [Exhales] 
 Your place, 11:30. 
 I'll be there. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Polly? Are you feeling okay? 
 Who are you? 
 How do you know my name? 
 I'm Dr. Zoe Hart. 
 We met yesterday at my office. 
 I treated your sister. 
 Oh, I don't have a sister. 
 I don't know you. 
 You get away from me. 
 Are you okay? 
 Did you see that? 
 Yeah. It looked like she hit you pretty hard. 
 I don't care what anyone says, that is not "heat wave" crazy, that is "crazy crazy." 
 Do me a favor? 
 Tell Wade I'll be a few minutes late. - Sure, no problem. 
 Late for what? 
 You don't run a sweep to the short side on fourth and two. 
 Yes, you do, if you want to catch them off guard. 
 Harold : Who the hell makes that call? 
 [Both talking at once] 
 You sure would've been a bad coach, I'm telling you now. 
 [George and Harold continue talking over each other] defensive back coming in there like that. - And what happens is, 'Bama comes in here and just knocks... 
 Pops, maybe that's enough football talk for one evening. 
 You just better slice this guy in half. 
 You've got 13 men on the field. 
 You don't know what... 
 [Brick and Harold continuing arguing] 
 And how is the duck this evening? 
 Oh, just perfect. 
 Thank you. 
 Harold : Let me show you why you never run to the short side. 
 Well... now it looks like they're in it for the long haul, so y'all can probably head back to your table now. 
 I think that's a good idea. 
 How did you two meet? 
 Do you want to tell them, sugar plum? 
 Sugar what? 
 Well, you know, it's, uh... it's simple, really. 
 From the minute I laid eyes on Didi, I just knew there was something special here. 
 You know, kind of like destiny or something. 
 Give me a break. 
 What's the problem? 
 Oh... it's not a problem. 
 I just find it a little hard to believe, that's all. 
 You don't believe in soul mates? 
 Didi : Soul mates? 
 Why not? 
 My goodness, well, I apologize. 
 I had no idea it was so serious. 
 Well, maybe we should plan a double wedding-- what do you say, Didi? 
 Wouldn't that be so fun? 
 I'm so sorry, I'm suddenly not feeling very well. 
 [Stammering]: Uh... I think... I think I should go. 
 Wait. Wait. 
 Lavon : Oh, okay, uh, you know, maybe I should make sure she's all right. 
 It was a pleasure meeting you, Mrs. Tucker, Mr. Tucker. 
 [Stammering] 
 What happened? 
 Zoe? 
 Lemon : You've got to be kidding me. 
 What the hell are you doing here? 
 We have a situation with a patient. 
 Your housekeeper told me that you would be here. 
 I'm sorry to interrupt. 
 You must be the Tuckers. 
 I'm Zoe Hart, the new doctor in town. 
 Well, aren't you itty-bitty and precious! 
 George : What happened to you? 
 Polly Parker happened to me. 
 She attacked me, and then she ran off. 
 Look, I would look for her myself-- I don't know where to start. 
 You need an ice pack. 
 I can ask the waitress for one. 
 While this is a truly fascinating story, I still don't understand what you're doing here. 
 I'm worried that she might be dangerous, not only to other people but to herself. 
 Brick, I need you to help me find her, make sure she's okay. 
 If she's scared, she probably went home-- that's the first place I'd check. 
 Yeah, but if I show up there by myself, it might agitate her more. 
 She needs to see a familiar face. 
 She's probably right. 
 We're in the middle of dinner. 
 Don't be selfish, Lemon. 
 We're talking about a medical emergency. 
 Fine, fine. Well, let's just do it real quick, okay? 
 Over my dead body! 
 Lemon? 
 Honey? 
 Do you know how hard I worked to make this evening special? 
 Between the duck and the irises and squeezing all those damn lemons? 
 And all you people can talk about is football, football, football, and "You sure you want to eat that?" 
 And then this little piece of New York City sass comes walking  in here and tries to steal my daddy?! 
 If anybody is leaving this sham of a dinner party, it is me, Lemon Breeland, do you hear that. 
 I am leaving! 
 I am leaving! I am leaving! 
 Can't imagine why I ever called her high-strung. Zoe : So... anyway, could we go now? George : Lemon. Lemon, come on. Lemon, wait up! Just go back to your family, George. Baby. Hey, Lemon, it wasn't that bad. [Panting] I just... I just want to be alone, okay? Please. That's kind of ridiculous, interrupting me in the middle of a family meal. Okay, I have somewhere better to be, too, okay, Brickeroosky? Believe me. Plus, your patient attacked me out of nowhere. There's something definitely wrong with her. Well, says  you. I'll bet there's a whole bunch of folks who want to smash you in the head with something. I for once resist the urge every day. - Mm-hm.. Okay, her lights are on; she's home. Let me do the talking, please. I don't think that's gonna be possible. You just love makin it difficult... Polly? Does your neck feel okay? Where am I? What happened? All right, it's Dr. Breeland. You're okay. We're gonna take you to the office. Oh, my head is throbbing. Is there anything else bothering you? I'm dizzy. I think I might throw up. Let's take her car. Do you remember seeing me at the Rammer Jammer tonight? Was I at the Rammer Jammer? I don't remember that at all. Oh, my God, what is that smell? That could be exhaust fumes coming up through the floorboards. Polly, when was the last time you had this car looked at? I don't know, it was my mom's car. Have you been driving this car ever since she passed away? I work out in Mobile. It's faster than taking the bus. Usually. Do your headaches tend to get worse the longer time you spend in the car? Well, I never thought about it that way, but yeah. I guess they do. Well, this better be good-- I was right in the middle of The Bourne Identity. I love me some Matt Damon. We found out what's wrong with your sister. She's not suffering from dementia or depression. It turns out that your mom's car has slowly been killing her. What?! We did a blood test. She tested positive for carbon monoxide poisoning. It explains everything, from the violent outbursts to the flushed cheeks. I just thought she was flush from the heat. No, she's gonna be fine. We're administering oxygen to her right now. Well, can I see her? [Knocking] Hey, there's somebody here to see you, Polly. Fiona, is that you? I was so worried! Fiona : I told you to take that old car in for a tune-up. Polly : Well, I told you I wasn't gonna pay for it. Well, it's your car. Well, I never wanted the car, I wanted the vase. Well, you got the car. Well, you got the house. [Polly and Fiona arguing] You were always a bully to me. You never made cheerleading and couldn't get a boyfriend. Ladies. Everything looks really good here. You guys have a nice night. Both : Thank you. Anyway... Polly : Stop picking on me. Fiona : I'm not picking on you. Hey. You leaving? Got someplace to be. Besides, she's your patient, right? There's nobody here. We need to talk. Okay. I assume you want to go first. This needs to stop. What needs to stop? This. Us. We stopped a long time ago. Six months to be exact. I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about this... this thing. This tension. I can't handle it. Having secret fights in restaurants. You should've thought of that before you decided to spy on me and my date. I didn't know that you were going to be there. I swear. You didn't try to send Didi out of town right when you found out I was interested in her? Yes, I may have done that. Then you'll be happy to know that she has no interest in going out with me again. Not that I could say I blame her. I'm not saying that I'm blameless in all this. Okay? I am... so confused. And this is so hard for me, too. It's hard because you made it hard. You got to make all the decisions. I'm trying to move on, and you won't let me. I know. I'm sorry, but... What are you sorry about, Lemon? Tell me something that means anything, because right now, I don't even know how to be anymore. What do you want from me here? Huh? [Sobs] Lemon. ♪ ♪ I don't know what I want. I'm so sorry that I want so much. ♪ ♪ Looks like the heat wave broke. Doesn't mean you can't come inside. Actually, it does. I guess I'm just not that kind of girl. All right, y'all travel safe now. Give Brick a nice Auburn War Eagle cry for me. Will ya? Will do, Pops. All right. All right. Oh, I hate these short visits. Why don't you drive out next weekend? I'll uncover the pool for you. I'll see what Lemon thinks. If you wanted to come without Lemon, that'd be fine, too. Mom... What? I'm just saying... I know what you're saying 'cause you say it all the time, and from now on, if you got an opinion about my fiancée, you can keep it to yourself. George. I'm marrying Lemon, Mom. I know she has a tendency to be overdramatic sometimes, she's not always agreeable when you want her to be, and every so often she throws a temper tantrum that would make a two-year-old blush, but I love her. For all those reasons and more, I love her. And that's all she was trying to do last night was try and make you love her, too. Well, that's just silliness. If you love her, I love her. I just want you to have everything, 'cause you're my perfect boy, that's all. Nobody's perfect, Mom. Not even me. I find that hard to believe. [Horn honks twice] Coming. [Door closes, engine starting] Bye. Oh, you feel that soggy breeze? I never thought I'd be so happy about 90 degree weather. BlueBell aims to please. It misses most of the time, but I'll take what I can get. [Chuckles] So tell me. Did Zoe Hart wind up using her free pass last night? Zoe Hart did not. Aw... That makes Lavon Hayes sad. Don't be sad. I think everything worked out for the best. But at least I didn't do anything stupid that I would've regretted. As far as I'm concerned, a life without regret ain't worth living. It's good to follow your instincts, let yourself get caught up in the moment every once in awhile. Sometimes the consequences are worth it. Until they're not. Don't make me take away your pancakes, woman. I just think we are who we are. Some people are impulsive and it works for them. Me, I'm cautious. I take calculated risks. Mm-hmm. Zoe, you moved to BlueBell. You took a plane, a bus and Lord knows what else and you came here. I have a feeling you're more impulsive than you might think. I have a feeling that if you ever truly let yourself go, you might fly. Hello, handsome. You feeling better? Much. I think it was heat, it was just getting to me. Okay. And you're sure you don't have anything you want to talk about? There's nothing to talk about, George Tucker. Nothing at all. Lemonade? Yes, please. [Water splashing] [Wade wolf whistles] 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 