Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x03 - Gumbo & Glory - Hart of Dixie 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x03 - Gumbo & Glory https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=119&t=15211 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/12/11 18:48 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x03 - Gumbo & Glory 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Dr. Hart, my name is Dr. Harley Wilkes. 
 I'm from BlueBell, Alabama. 
 Emmeline :  Harley Wilkes was your father. 
 What? 
 He left you his practice. 
 He shares it with Dr. Breeland, and Brick--  he's been waiting a long time to get BlueBell all to himself. 
 We haven't met. 
 I'm Dr. Zoe Hart. 
 I'm not gonna share this office, not for one minute. 
 Emmeline :  Zoe, this is Lemon Breeland. 
 You're Brick's daughter, right? 
 I'm, uh, George Tucker. 
 You're the mayor-- Lavon Hayes the linebacker? 
 You share a generator with the guy in the gatehouse-- 
 Wade Kinsella. . 
 You had a date with that, uh, Dr. Hart? 
 If I do recall, we are  at your engagement party. 
 Lemon : You know how difficult I can't see how you can contest Harley Wilkes' will. Find me a way. If one partner doesn't bring in 30% of the revenue every billing quarter, the other partner can buy him or her out. I apologize for what I'm about to do. Wade, I need to create a diversion. (screaming) Lemon : And I think I speak  for everyone when I say we don't want you here. (buzzing, crackling) Zoe : Whoo! Wade : Well, hey there. Notice how whenever I come around, there's always sparks? If you like that, wait till you see my taser. Listen, you want me to help you fix the fuse box or not? The fuse keeps blowing because of your new amp, so, no, I do not want or need your help. My guess is, you're overloading it with all your girl stuff. Yeah, that's me, with my girly Wi-Fi connection and my silly cell phone that I only use to look at pictures of ponies. More like all of 'em. So the Internet and the phone are my only contact with humanity. (screams) Okay, I'm gonna get a bucket of lake water, so when you catch on fire, it doesn't spread my way. ♪ ♪ Hey. You're the one who ruined our parade, aren't you? Yeah, that was me. Thanks for remembering. Hi. Oh, good morning, Shelley. I'm in the mood for an egg-white Greek omelet with feta cheese and kalamata olives. Get over that mood-- you get fried or scrambled. Scrambled, be great. Okay, scrambled to go. I didn't say to go. I'm just thinking about your safety. Hello there, Dr. Hart. Hey, are you sure you want to be seen talking to me? Um... yeah, I'll take my chances. What's with the suit? You have a funeral to get to? No, I'm just taking some depositions up to Mobile, but I just wanted to warn you, that I think someone, as a joke, signed you up for our annual cook-off tomorrow. Did it occur to you that I may have signed up myself? No, it did not. Because I did. You did? I love to cook. I cook like crazy. Cook all the time, watch the cooking shows on the Cooking Show Channel. Do you? I don't think I get that channel. You should lobby your local cable provider 'cause it is an excellent venue for shows about cooking, which I love to do. Okay, then. Well, I should probably tell you that Brick Breeland pretty much always wins our cook-off. So I have heard, but I don't care. Face it, I haven't started off well in BlueBell, with sabotaging the parade, making an archenemy of your fiancée... Misdiagnosing a tick bite. I'm glad you are keeping track, but you know more than anyone, I need 30% of the patients to keep my part of the practice. Yeah, and gumbo is gonna do that how? I am a good doctor, but apparently the people of BlueBell are quick to distrust strangers. I need to prove to this town that I belong here. And what better way than participating in the town cook-off? If I beat Brick Breeland while I'm at it, well, that would just be the cherry on... the gumbo. Well, okay. Lemon : All right, Annabeth,  now what is it that you want to tell us about that Dr. Hart? Well, I heard from my cousin Rhonda's boyfriend Lane, who's, like, best friends with the kid Zander who mows the mayor's lawn... Oh, my goodness, Annabeth, I can feel myself aging. Sorry. The lawn boy says sometimes Zoe Hart has breakfast with the mayor. In his home? Mm-hmm. Is your lawn boy suggesting that they are sleeping together? What? Oh, Lord, no. She comes in from the carriage house to eat. First thing, wakes up and walks right over. Of course she does, silly, that's where the food is. Now, if they're not sleeping together, what was the point of your epic tale? She parades around in front of the mayor without a stitch of makeup. (laughs) Well, obviously that girl... Continue your reconnaissance, Annabeth. That girl is a walking... (chuckles) Hello. A walking menace. Receptionist : Hi. Name, insurance carrier, and Dr. Breeland will be right with you. Actually, I'm a doctor. I work here. Who are you? Didi-- your new receptionist? Our new receptionist? That's strange. Dr. Breeland never mentioned anything about another doctor. It's not that strange, really. Brick : Folks, I'm sorry, you can wait a little bit or you can come back later, but Doris Culp thinks Albert is having a heart attack again. Now, I think we all know she's just trying to handicap my gumbo-making, but little does she know that I put my pot on last night. (laughs) How could you hire a new receptionist without consulting me? We share this practice, 50-50. Except all the patients are mine, but, you know, if you want to choose the kind of lollipops we hand out, that's all yours. I vote for lime or cherry, not grape. Lavon : Oh, you're back in here again. Hi. I'm so sorry, but Dr. Breeland just stepped out. What-- excuse me, how do you know he's here to see Brick and not here to see me? I will ask, but I don't want you to get your hopes up. I was in the neighborhood, thought I'd look in on Dr. Hart. How you doing? Hey. (chuckles) I'm, I'm Lavon Hayes. I don't believe we've met. Hi, I'm Didi. I've only been living here a short while. Just moved out from Georgia about a month ago. Oh, well, please allow the mayor of our fair town to welcome you. The mayor?! W-Wow, w... Look at me, getting all flustered around famous people. Where's Dr. Breeland? He had to leave. Can I help you? Are you a doctor? I know, right? Weird. My son was bitten by a snake. Okay, no problem, let's check it out. Mother : He had a sleepover  at his friend's, and they went to explore inside the old Hooper house, where I have told him a million times not to play. Right, and there was a snake? Well, he didn't see it, but he stepped into a hole in the floor and it bit him, which is why we don't play in that house. No cyanosis, minor swelling, and no fever. (sighs) So it wasn't poisonous? Probably. Probably it was or probably it wasn't? I'm gonna go get him an antihistamine. Excuse me. Sorry, I need to check something online. (typing) So is that Lavon guy single? Huh? Yeah, he is. He seems really nice and cute, but, I mean, he's the mayor, so I'm sure he's got tons and tons of girls swooning... To treat a snakebite, you need to determine the kind of snake that made the bite. Crap. Did you just Ask Jeeves how to cure a snakebite? Here you go. So, luckily, the reaction is local, so the chance of envenomation is small, but I want to make sure we know exactly what kind of snake we're dealing with, so I'm just going to do some quick research. You sit tight. I'll take that. ♪ ♪ Wade : First the fuse box. You don't have a car. Admit it, Doc... You need my help. Technically, I did not need your help. I finally get my first patient and it's a freaking snakebite. I simply needed you to take me to the snake. You are my ride, not my help. Very different. Okay, well, you got your ride. But... But there's a snake in there. Probably a few. Aren't you going to come in, too? No, I'm just the driver. Say "please," Doc. Please. Here, snakey-snakey-snakey. Ah, the old Hooper house. I used to bring my high school girlfriends here. Please tell me they were still breathing at the time. There's no need to look up. Poisonous ones don't climb-- well, cottonmouths sometimes, but none in these parts... usually. What do you mean, usually? No, what we're looking for is a... a rattler or a copperhead. It's a real, real pretty tan thing with brown blotches. Oh, my God. What? Ho! (screams) (laughs) Wade. Oh, it's a rope. Okay? You are so city. Copperhead. What? Copperhead. Wow, that was quick. Lucky we found it. Not really. Oh. + This is so stupid. You don't need to carry me. First rule of a snakebite, Doc-- can't let the victim exert herself. What's the second rule-- apply pressure to side of boob? Hmm. Put me down. Well, glad I could be of help. Didi : Oh, no, hon, what happened? I found the snake and vice versa. Oh, my Lord, thank God for Dr. Breeland. He knew exactly what kind of snake bit my son-- a copperhead-- without going anywhere, and he could tell how much venom was in there without going anywhere. Yeah, well, I got proof firsthand. And... You poor thing. Let's get you in to see the doctor. I am the doctor. The other doctor. Come on, come on. Maybe if you wore a stethoscope or something. Well, you should have just called me. I've seen about a thousand copperhead bites in my career. Well, unfortunately, by the time my people settled onto the island of Manhattan, the copperhead population had dwindled a bit. Well, I think we can agree that after this, between the two of us, one of us belongs in this town. The other does not. Zoe : Can you believe he said that? Well, it's going to make it all the more delicious when I destroy him in the gumbo contest. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm looking for the wrong thing. You want the magic gumbo pot. Oh, hey, I forgot to tell you-- our new receptionist Didi asked about you. She did? Uh-huh. She thinks you're cute. Ask her out. Yeah, um... There's something-- someone-- I'm still kind of trying to get over. Thanks, though. Mm, here it is. I knew I had one. Banged on it once to scare off a possum. Perfect. Doesn't come with the gumbo already in it, you know. (chuckles) The cook-off is tomorrow. I hope you know gumbo takes a while to prepare. You see, the word "prepare" can be interpreted in many ways. It just so happens that Emeril Lagasse is one of my mother's clients, and he agreed to overnight me a vat of his best gumbo. I am "prepared" for it to arrive, at which point I will "prepare" to put it into this pot. I did not hear any of that, you understand? I am the mayor of this town, sworn to uphold the laws, and the traditions, and the integrity of the gumbo festival. I just want to beat Brick. Just let me win, come on. Hey, Doc, I, uh, found this package, or what's left of it, on your stoop. Ba-blouw. (gasps) It's my gumbo! Look at this. I'm going to sue that stupid overnight carrier. Well, you might have to sue the mayor's alligator. I saw him slithering away one happy reptile. Burt Reynolds ate my gumbo! You cannot blame the gator. Besides, keeps me from having to disqualify you. Hey, listen, my Uncle Mo's got a pretty kick-ass gumbo recipe. If you want my help, I'm... I don't need your help, Wade. Okay? Last time I had your help, I also got this. What are you going to do now? I have no choice. I'll have Emeril e-mail me his recipe and I'll make my own gumbo. Do you even know how to cook? Why does everyone keep asking me that? Uh, because we don't think you can cook. (both laughing) I'm going to figure it out, okay? Come hell or high water, I'm going to become a respected part of this... extremely charming community. (doorknob rattling) Lemon : How was your breakfast this morning  at the Rammer Jammer? Same as it is most days. Had the fruit plate. Mm-hmm. And who all was there? Lemon, if you would like to ask me if I ran into Zoe Hart, well, I can't take the suspense. You've got eyes all over this town. You know very well I did. Well, why is all I want to know. I mean, why would you be treating a woman who is so obviously out to destroy me with such unapologetic kindness? Well, we're supposed to treat everyone kindly, sweetheart. I think it's in the Bible. Mm-hmm, there's also something in there about being loyal to your fiancée against her sworn enemies. That's Deuteronomy, right, that one? What would you have me do, avoid all contact? You can't be serious. Why? Do you want contact with her? No, I have no interest in Zoe Hart, but I also don't... Well, see, there's no problem then, is there? Yay, we agree! You don't talk to her, and then everyone sees that we are on the same team. Have a good day, sweetheart. (sighs) Hey. Well, hey yourself, Mr. Mayor. Good to see you. The recipe says that the shrimp can't have veins. Ma'am, I don't know what kind of shrimp you got in New York, but in Alabama shrimp got veins. Now, you want 'em de-veined, you're gonna have to do that yourself. You can use our butcher block out back. I don't know how to de-vein a shrimp. You're the new doctor, right? Just pretend like you're doing surgery on a little teeny-tiny shrimpy patient. Zoe : I hate damn shrimp! Come on, shrimp... Having problems? I'm so sorry I wasted my time in medical school when all I needed was a simple course in Cajun cooking. And now the cook-off is tomorrow, and, of course, that stupid alligator. And now I'm cutting the veins out of shrimp with one hand, and they're slippery and they're slimy, and hasn't this town ever heard of pre-cooked shrimp? Just back up. What I got out of that mishmash is that you're having problems with your gumbo. My gumbo? Yeah. Try everything. Whatever I do down here reflects on the memory of Harley Wilkes, and I have got to make the people believe that I am worthy of following in his footsteps. So it may sound silly, but it seems that the only way to make that happen is by winning this cook-off. Put down the knife. And back away from the shrimp. You're coming with me, okay? I've got an idea. Good, 'cause I'm losing my mind. Come on. Zoe : Stop. You're making me hungry for New York. You know what I really love? The buttercup cod at Bond Street. I used to dream about that. Oh, yeah? Yes. No, no, no, my favorite sushi is at Jewel Bako on 5th Street. Never had it. No? No. All right, favorite dish... Mine is the sweet corn... The risotto at Per Se! Per Se. Yeah. That's my favorite, too. It's so good. I used to go on my nights off from the hospital. Wow. Yeah, my-my office was right around the corner. I used to take clients all the time. I wonder if we were ever there at the same time. Though I'd probably remember that. All right, Zoe Hart, well... Hmm, what? ...you may be an expert at New York cuisine. Mm-hm? But I know gumbo. And the secret to a good gumbo is the base. You got to use fresh tomatoes, like this one. Is this not the most incredible tomato you've ever seen in your life? Worth the drive alone. Yeah, nothing like all other tomatoes. (laughing) So, how is the wedding planning coming? Oh, well, it's, uh, fairly insane. Tastings, florists. Lemon wants it to be the event of the season. And by season, she means millennium. Lemon just wants the best for everything, I guess. Well, then you should definitely get her some of those world famous tomatoes, too. Yeah, I don't think she needs any. Oh, my God. What? That's the reason why we drove out to the middle of nowhere to this farm stand. Lemon doesn't know you're with me. Well, you're not exactly one of her favorite people. Yeah. She asked me not to talk to you. Of course she did. I'm the lunatic that ruined her parade. Stay away from crazy Zoe and her witchy, Blue State black magic! I didn't think that you'd believe that, too. + Wade : So, you ran into her on the street and you said what? Just "Hey." That was it, just... just "Hey"? Just "Hey." Then I might've said, uh... "Nice to see you." Whoa. I know. Well, I thought you said you laid on the charm when you first saw her. That was before I knew she was into me. I froze. I had no idea how to even start. How you normally start things. Go back to that. Lavon Hayes was a pro football player. People started things for me. Look, you just... You're a little out of shape is all, champ. Practice. Practice? You can't go into a game all cold. Here, pretend I'm her. Act like I'm... Wait, what's her name again? Didi. Then I'm Didi. I wish I had my gun. Is it D-I-D-I or D-double-E, D-double-E, 'cause I've seen it spelled both ways. Why is that important? I'm just trying to understand my character. All right, go ahead, I'm her. Hey, Didi. (feminine voice): Well, hey there. Don't you just look fine. Oh, dear God. Why would you say that? I... I mean... You know, 'cause she thinks you're hot or something. Yeah, but she wouldn't say it first thing. Girls do to me. Well, we're not pretending like it's you. We're pretending like it's me. Hey, dude, I'm... I'm trying to help you out here. You're really bad at this. Okay, fine. You know what? I'm calling an audible. Whole new plan. Ignore her. What? Freeze her out. I know for a fact chicks dig that. Really? Okay, I have to put a stop to this. Asking Wade how to woo women is like asking a hunter how to train bears. A woman wants a romantic gesture. Do that. I don't know. Could be a trick. I should have asked for another paper bag. So I could cover my head and you could sneak me into your car. You're funny. Someone call 911! I'm a doctor. What is it? The farmer's been in an accident. I'm going to go help out. Just go. I'll find a way home. 
 
 Man : He was trying to fix it, and it just... the thing collapsed on him. Pulse is weak. Okay, let's get it off him. Come on. Wait, stop. This part is gouging into a major artery. It's stopping the blood flow. If you lift it, he'll completely bleed out. Well, we can't just leave him under there. We got to get him to the hospital. Yeah, but the hospital's 30 minutes away. All right, go out to the road, wait for the ambulance. Direct it back here, okay? All right. Give me your tie. Yeah, of course. Even when the ambulance gets here, it's still going to take 30 minutes to get him back to the hospital. He won't make it. We have to stop the bleeding. Oh, God, I only have one hand. I can't do this by myself. We have no choice. We have to call Brick. I know. I'll call him. Didi : Okay, I've paged Dr. Breeland. Good luck, George. My goodness, what lovely flowers. Hello there. You must be Didi. That's right. It's a pretty name. I'm Dr. Breeland's daughter. When Daddy told me that he hired a new receptionist, I said, "Lemon, you have just got to bring" that girl a covered dish." That is so sweet of you. Well, I ought to feel welcome by now. A casserole from you, flowers from the mayor. Mayor? Lavon Hayes? Why, yes, I-I know who our mayor is, dear. That is just so thoughtful of him. He is quite the public servant, isn't he? Oh, my gosh, he is so nice. I was just about to call him and thank him. You know what, I would wait. Because men, they enjoy the chase. You might be right. Hey, listen, Didi, you know what? There don't seem to be any more patients waiting. Why don't you close up early and you and I go out for a drink, get to know each other better. Really? Yeah. Wow. That would be great. I-I would just love that. Okay, okay, here I am. As are the two of you. Interesting. Oscar, it's Dr. Breeland. Can you hear me? You know him? Of course I do. Have you talked to his wife? There wasn't time. We've been busy putting on his tourniquet and monitoring his pulse. I'm guessing he's lost over 500 CCs of blood. The only reason he hasn't bled to death is because this thing is acting as an arterial clamp. Yeah, and if they lift it, he will die. Right. Our only hope is to do an arterial cut-down above the point of impact, but I only have one hand, so... An arterial cut-down? Look, I've done a lot of them, Brick. I can talk you through it. Oh, you want me to be your puppet? I want us to save his life. + Zoe : All right, now you need to make the longitudinal incision-- eight centimeters distal to the antecubital fossa-- using an 11-blade scalpel. Yeah. All right. I have made the incision. Now, I need you to use your fingers to push until you palpate the radial artery. The radial artery is connected to the thumb. I know where the radial artery is. I did go to medical school, too. Fine. Just let me know when it's isolated. Yeah, I got it. Now remember-- the radial nerve is immediately lateral to the radial artery. You need to maneuver around it. If you kink that nerve... Paralysis. Again, I know. Now with one hand I need you to push aside the muscle, and with the other, I need you to clamp the artery. (Oscar groans) He's waking up. No, he can't move. He'll rip the artery. No, no, you can't move now. I'm doing this as quick as I can, Oscar. Look, I know it hurts, I know it hurts, but you got to stay still. Just think of Patty and Tyler and just think of little Maggie. Come on, can you do this for them? That's it, that's it. That's it. (groaning stops) Good job, Brick. Yeah. All right, apply the clamp. Yeah, it's clamped. Good. Now you need to slowly bring the systolic down to test it. Oh, thank the Lord. He's not bleeding out. (relieved sighs) (siren approaching) All right. All right, let's get him out of here. Hang in there, Oscar. Come on now. (siren grows louder) Hey. I don't get it. You send someone flowers and they're supposed to call and-and say thank you. Maybe she's allergic to flowers, you know. Maybe her face is all... (yells) (laughing) Zoe said Didi likes me. So why don't she call? Hey, Bridget Jones, why don't you quit whining, beer up, come sit down so I can whip your ass in this game real fast. Thank you. You're right. You're right. Screw it. Thank you. If she want to pass up a shot at Lavon Hayes... Lavon Hayes! I'm sayin'. It's her loss. Right? Dirt off your shoulder, man. Yeah. (chuckles) Let's do this. (explosion on television) Hey, could we lower the volume a bit? In case, you know, the phone rings. Lemon : So, tell me a little bit about yourself. Do you want to settle down in BlueBell? Permanently? I think so. It's a real beautiful town, and everyone seems real sweet. Starting with the mayor. He is... So nice...so nice. Yes, we covered this already. So tell me, Didi, what do you want to do? I mean, I can't imagine a bright girl like you would want to be a receptionist forever. Oh, no, no. Obviously, this isn't my dream job, and it doesn't pay very well. But Dr. Breeland said I was definitely gonna get a raise. (laughing) Daddy! Oh, my goodness. You know what, honey, let me tell you, since we are talking about nice men, my daddy is the nicest man, but when he says that he will pay you more, he means more compliments and that is about it. Oh, oh. You know what? I think I know a way where you can make twice as much money. Really? Yes, we are Alabama women. We need to help each other whenever we can. Wow. That was amazing. You were-- you were so focused and in control in there. That was-- whew, it was-- that was impressive. Thank you. But that was surgery. I've trained for it my whole life. I've just never done it via proxy, or ankle deep in manure. I'm going to get you to the hospital real quick now, Oscar. Don't you worry about Patty. I'm going to stop by the house, I'm going to tell her you are going to be fine. Thank you. Where's the doctor who saved you? Oscar : There he is. Dr. Breeland. Nice job, sir. You performed a miracle. Brick : I did what I had to do. And you... ...might want to be getting home now, George. It's getting late. + I did it. I saved that man's arm and his life. I had to stand there and watch while he took all the credit for it. That sucks. Oh, that's not salt. That's cleanser. You're not the only one saving lives around here. I've been up all night cooking this stuff. I can't even see straight. What did I do to make Brick hate me so much? It's not you, sweetheart, it's him. He's an arrogant son of a bitch. Always has been. One thing I can bet those little shorts of yours on, the entire town's gonna think he's a hero by now. You know what, screw George. George? I'm gonna set everyone straight. I'm going to march into that cook-off and I am going to tell everyone what a phony Brick Breeland is. No, you're not. Now if you want people in this town to think that you're one of them, you're going to go to the cook-off, put your game face on, suck it up and mix in with the community, hmm? Fine. You're right. Maybe I could still win the gumbo contest. Will you try it? A moral victory's good, too. (Wade laughing) Aw. Oh, man! Do you have a garbage disposal? Wait, wait, no. Hang on. Shame to waste... Burt Reynolds! Breakfast time! ♪ ♪ I heard he did the entire procedure lying on the ground. On his stomach. And then got home in time to make his gumbo even more scrumptious than last year. Daddy, I'm just so proud of you, I could burst. How about a good, tall glass of lemonade for the town hero? All right, now no more of that hero talk from you, Lemon Meringue, but a nice cold drink sounds good. George? No, I'm okay. Thanks. So you are really going to let all these people think it was all your doing, huh? Well, you gonna contradict me? You see, then you'd have to explain what you were doing outside of town, all alone with that woman... Brick, you know damn well nothing was going on. Why, you and I may believe that, but I'm not so sure that my daughter will. Man : Mr. Mayor, Mr. Mayor. Yes, yes. Did you hear the news? No. You know, Brick saved that man's arm, and his life. The next town hall meeting, we've got to take a vote on having a Brick Breeland Day, right? I will consider that. All right, now. Thank you. Moral victories bite. I'm getting a drink. Mr. Mayor, I just want to say thank you so much for the beautiful flowers. Flowers? Oh, yeah, yeah, I did send flowers. I'm glad you like 'em. Well, okay. Thanks again. Bye. Didi? Uh, Didi, uh, would you like to go out to dinner sometime? With me, I mean. Oh, gosh, um... Wow. Uh, I'm sorry. I'm moving to Montgomery in a couple days. I'm sorry, you're moving? Yeah. I got a job at a law firm up there and the salary's way more than I'm making now. I still got a lot of school loans to pay. So, um... I'm sorry. I like you, but there's no point in getting involved if I'm not staying. Right, no. Yeah, I get it. Good for you, yeah. And good luck to you. Oh, there's Lemon. I have to go thank her. She called in a favor and got me the job. How nice is that? Are you not telling the trh to protect George Tucker for some reason? 'Cause if you were, that'd be real stupid. For the 400th time, I do not need your advice, your help, or your Alabama lovin'. Get me another water, okay? Yup. I'll have another lemonade, son. You got it. Hope you're not boozing. You've got office hours this afternoon. Course, seeing as you don't have any patients, what the hell? Drink up! I know my responsibilities. I'm honorable. Oh? Brick, I just spoke to a guy down at WBMA. He said the radio station wants to do a story about you for saving Oscar Balderrama. Well, that sounds good, Tom. How dare you! Excuse me? How can you stand there and take credit for something that I did? If you would have been there alone yesterday, that man would be one-armed or worse. You know damn well that I was the brains behind the procedure. You were simply my assistant. Dr. Brick Breeland is no one's assistant. Most certainly not some arrogant New York newbie. I may be a newbie, but I am also a surgeon. And like it or not, I was useful yesterday. You know how much it would mean to me to finally prove myself. You know that I need patients to hold onto my father's practice. But you are a prideful Southern man who can't admit that he had to defer to a woman! Ms. Hart, that is my practice, too. One that I have worked a long time for. One that I deserve to have all to myself. And yes, you may have lead the way on that cut-down, but that is not all that happened out there. When Oscar was panicking and pushing that plow off and about to bleed out, I am the one who got him calm. And I am the one who went to the hospital and stayed with him. And I am the one who went out to that farm and talked to his wife, and I promised her her husband was gonna be all right, that his arm was gonna be all right, that their farm was gonna be all right. I don't recall seeing you out there. Yes, I, I admit, I may be a proud man... and maybe I did take credit for a procedure I didn't wholly do. But if you can't admit that I saved Oscar's life just as much as you did, then you are just as prideful as I am. + (cowbell jangles) Dewitt : May I have your attention, please?! Attention, please?! It's that time again. And the winner of this year's gumbo cook-off-- and still champion-- our local hero, Dr. Brick Breeland! (cheering) Come on down here. Brick! Brick! Speech!! Well, thank y'all, thank y'all so much. I really appreciate it. Um, you know, as they say in Hollywood, my gumbo was honored just to be nominated. (laughter) But I gotta tell ya... Congratulations. Your gumbo won second prize. What? I didn't... ...if I didn't give a nod to all my opponents because it was so good, and I did take a taste of everybody's gumbo, and I don't know how the judges picked a winner... Oh, my God, I hope that Daddy doesn't make that "dumbo" joke again. (sighs) You okay, honey? Lemon, I'm about to do something that's gonna make you really angry. What? Just remember that I love you. Folks, I must tell you how-how happy I am... I'm gonna go up there and I'm gonna tell the truth about what happened yesterday. And I don't care if Lemon finds out, because people need to know who really saved that farmer. No, wait. George, don't. It's not as simple as that. Brick may have done more than I realized. Brick : It just goes to prove what I've always said, "Any dumbo can make some gumbo!" (laughter) But enough of my yapping. Let's eat! (cheering) Folks? Uh, folks, if I could just add one thing. I just learned that my gumbo took second prize... somehow. And as runner-up, I would like to offer my personal congratulations to Dr. Breeland. I'm sure your gumbo is excellent, and I look forward to learning the secret of making it, just as I look forward to learning from you in our medical practice. (applause) To Brick. (clears throat) Hey, man, I need a favor. Yeah? Is, is Thelma still planning to stay with her mom up in Tuscaloosa? Lemon : George? I think so. Um, can... can I just have a minute? So what on Earth am I supposed to be so mad at you about? Uh, well, I was, I was just gonna, I was gonna go up there and I was gonna say how I just didn't think it was fair that the same person won two years in a row. That's... that's not what I was gonna say. I didn't go to a meeting yesterday. I took Zoe Hart to go get ingredients for her gumbo. Wait, but I specifically asked you not to. I know. But Zoe is-is new in town, she doesn't have any friends, and, and... Lemon... I don't like ultimatums. And I like to be trusted. You're right. And I do trust you, sweetheart, but where Zoe Hart is concerned, we're just gonna have to... agree to disagree. You're such a cute mayor. Mmm! Lavon : Thank you. Hey, I can't believe that you made my gumbo. Thank you. You are a good friend. Uh, what are you talking about? Geez, Lavon, cheating for a girl? Where have your mayoral ethics gone? Wade, can't you ever just let us have a nice moment? Sorry. ♪ ♪ Didi : Lemon! Lemon. Hi. I was just about to call you. Listen, I so, so appreciate you finding me that job, but the thing is, well, I don't want to go to Montgomery. But, honey, it's a good job. It's a great salary. I know, but I got offered another job right here in BlueBell for the same exact money! What? What job? I start next week. I'm gonna be George Tucker's assistant. Which is great, right? 'Cause with him being your fiancé, you and I'll get to see each other all the time. George? His assistant? Yay. And the whole thing was the mayor's idea. Oh, my God, he is so... Don't say it. He is, um, he's just such an angel. (video game playing) What I don't get is how you did it. Did what? Well, you must've been cooking all night. Your Uncle Mo would be proud of you. I don't know what you been drinking, Lavon. You're acting crazy as all get-out. Uh-huh. I know what I know. You did Zoe a solid. Oh, you a good guy. I don't know what you're talking about, Mr. Mayor, but, uh, Zoe Hart, she doesn't need my help. You can just ask her yourself. Okay, well, I'll let Dr. Breeland know you're here. I tried to explain that there are two doctors, but she won't... It's okay. Now, Harold, why don't you come on in? Right on back in there. Uh, Mrs. Dixon, it's gonna be a while. Um... why don't you see Dr. Hart today? She'll take good care of you. 2:14, October 10. Write that down somewhere, would you? Mrs. Dixon? 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 