Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x02 - Parades & Pariahs - Hart of Dixie 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x02 - Parades & Pariahs https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=119&t=15210 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/05/11 03:15 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x02 - Parades & Pariahs 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Dr. Hart? 
 My name is Dr. Harley Wilkes. 
 I'm from BlueBell, Alabama. 
 I'd like to offer you a job. 
 What do you mean I didn't get the cardiothoracic fellowship? 
 If you want my recommendation next year, spend the next 12 months as a general practitioner. 
 Zoe :  Dr. Wilkes,  you win. 
 I'm on my way. 
 Candace :  Harley passed away. 
 What? 
 He left you his practice. 
 I'm, uh, George Tucker. 
 Zoe. 
 Small towns have their perks, huh? 
 Emmeline :  Zoe, this is Lemon Breeland. 
 Thanks to you, my fiancé was in a car accident. 
 Have you never heard of bedside manner?! 
 Why is everyone so obsessed with that? 
 Because it's nice! 
 How dare you see my patients. 
 Well, technically, Harley left his half of the practice to me. 
 You're the mayor? 
 Lavon Hayes, the linebacker. 
 You share a generator with the guy in the gatehouse,  Wade Kinsella. 
 I don't want you getting any ideas. 
 Lemon :  You here on a date with that,  uh, Dr. Hart? 
 If I do recall, we are  at your engagement party. 
 Zoe :  That's my mom. 
 Harley Wilkes was your father. 
 (flatline tone) 
 He's crashing. Paddles? 
 (electrical whine) 
 Unsynchronized at 200. 
 Clear. 
 (paddles thudding) 
 300! 
 Clear! 
 (paddles thudding) 
 (flatline tone) 
 (monitor beeping steadily) 
 (frog croaking) 
 (frog croaks, Zoe screams) 
 (groans) 
 (sighs): BlueBell, Alabama. 
 Right. 
 (croaks) 
 She's set up shop  in Harley Wilkes' old office. 
 She's been seen all over town with the mayor. 
 Brick's furious. 
 They say she's Harley's illegitimate love child. 
 Well, that explains those shorts. 
 Zoe : Are you sure they're not talking about me? 
 Of course not. 
 So, um, Harley was your father? 
 Man, I did not see that one coming. 
 I know. 
 It's all so surreal. 
 Me being here must be a sign. 
 Hmm. 
 And do you believe in signs? 
 I believe that Harley was my dad, my real dad, and I owe it to myself the year to figure out who he was, walk a mile in his shoes. 
 Which should take me around BlueBell about 11 times. 
 Oh, now, as the mayor of this town, Lavon Hayes takes offense. 
 But as the co-chair of the tourism counsel, I will ignore it to tell you that any journey on the eastern shore begins at the Rammer Jammer. (chuckles) 
 Home of the best po' boy this side of Mobile Bay. 
 You in? 
 I'm here; might as well make the most of it. 
 Lead me to your people. 
 All right. 
 (country music playing) 
 Never met a New Yorker before. 
 Do you know Regis? 
 Tom, don't be such a plebe. 
 (chuckles) 
 Zoe... 
 I'm Dash DeWitt. 
 (chuckles) 
 You know, I do a theatre trip every April. 
 The Book of Mormon  sent me over the moon and back. 
 Oh. 
 So, what's your deal? 
 You married? Got a boyfriend? 
 You looking? 
 Uh, Shelly, we'll take two number fives with grits. 
 Thank you. 
 Mmm. 
 Brick :  She is Harley's daughter? 
 Apparently so. 
 And, as your lawyer, I can't much see how you can contest his will now. 
 But, George, there must be something that you can do. 
 I mean, Daddy has waited a long time to have this practice all to himself. 
 He's earned it. 
 Look, Brick, she's a trained surgeon. 
 Okay? She might be useful. 
 Useful? 
 Looks like she's spent more time at the mall than she has at a hospital. 
 (laughs) 
 Now, I do admit that, you know, delivering that baby, that took some skill, but she doesn't understand our ways. 
 She's more nuisance than useful down here. 
 Well, it doesn't look like you have much of a choice. 
 So maybe y'all could give her a chance? 
 Lemon : Oh, George, sweetheart, you just like everybody, don't you? 
 Well, BlueBell isn't an animal shelter, and we don't have to accept every little stray that comes our way. 
 Now, I have dance rehearsal for the parade. 
 And I'm sure that you two strapping men can figure out how to chase away one yippy little mongrel. 
 And I love you. 
 I love you, too. 
 All right, baby. 
 Bye, sugar. 
 Bye, Daddy. 
 I want you to comb through that partnership agreement with Harley. 
 Find me a way. 
 Okay. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Exactly what I thought grits would taste like. 
 Delicious! 
 I'm gonna fit right in with... 
 (laughter) 
 ...the traveling circus? 
 Oh-ho! (laughing) 
 (laughs) 
 This Saturday is the Founder's Day parade. 
 My favorite event of the year. 
 You were in the NFL for ten years, and the Founder's Day parade is your favorite event? 
 The mayor gets to ride on the best float and deliver a speech. 
 Wade, my boy. 
 How's the float coming? 
 I'm just putting on the finishing touches. 
 So, Doc, hear you're staying in town. 
 You ever need a cup of sugar, anything, I'll be right next door. 
 If that line ever works for you, you tell that poor girl to come see me at my office, so I can dispense the penicillin. 
 Sure thing. 
 Candace :  Oh, come on. 
 What are you on, some kind of cleanse? 
 I'm just asking you to try one damn sugar snap. 
 Mrs. H, I already ate the caramel one, the sugar, the chocolate chocolate chip with sea salt... 
 But it's not even 9:00 a.m., and I don't think meeting new patients with a sugar high is the best way to follow in Harley's footsteps. 
 Harley's footsteps. 
 Magic words. 
 I have something for you. 
 Harley's old patient files. 
 Hmm? 
 You should study them. 
 He was a great doctor, pillar of the community. 
 Really listened to people, heard their problems, wrote down everything... 
 He treated warts with duct tape? 
 Sometimes the old ways are the best ways. 
 (door opens, bell jingles) 
 We are open. 
 Oh. 
 Welcome, everyone. 
 I'm Dr. Zoe Hart. 
 Very excited to meet you all and offer my services. 
 Oh, you poor deluded thing, no one is here to see you. 
 I mean, I've been the only town doctor here for the last four months, and the people of BlueBell are loyal. 
 Have I mentioned that I'm Dr. Harley Wilkes' daughter? 
 I'm like a townie by blood. 
 It is a shame your father passed, but the people have recovered quick. 
 Mainly, because there was a better doctor here to help heal them. 
 But, you know what, I'm a good Christian, so I'm gonna let you treat Shula Whitaker today. 
 She, uh, she is one of Harley's regulars. 
 Hmm, well, one patient is all I need. 
 Ms. Whitaker, please come this way. 
 Besides the-the chills and the aching limbs and the swollen glands, it's hard to pee. 
 Well, you don't have a fever. 
 It broke. 
 But I had a high one yesterday. 
 Like, ooh, off the charts! 
 Have you noticed any black spots on your body? 
 Yes! 
 I was covered. 
 Like a, like a Dalmatian. 
 But they went away after the fever broke. 
 Ms. Whitaker, according to Harley's nearly Webster's-long file on you and the fact that you are presenting with symptoms that are only consistent with the black plague, I posit that you are perfectly healthy. 
 And suggest you see a psychologist. 
 I heard you was Harley's daughter. 
 And I thought... 
 But I won't bother you no more. 
 Did you even look at her file? 
 Harley'd usually just give her Tic Tacs as a placebo and ask her about her cats. 
 I did a psychiatric rotation at Bellevue. 
 Harley giving her Tic Tacs just enabled her. 
 (sighs) 
 Lemon :  Ready? 
 And one, two, three, arm is up, one, two, three. 
 Zoe : Hey, Rose. 
 Thank goodness you're staying! 
 I know. 
 I'm having the best time. 
 I need your advice. 
 'Cause my mother does not get it, and all Aunt Emmeline does is bake these days. 
 Yeah, tell me about it. 
 What's going on? 
 Okay, well, there's this boy... Frederick Dean... in the grade above me. 
 He's amazing. 
 He likes history podcasts and comic books. 
 Though, he's also a stupid Southern man, stuck in an antiquated notion of the female ideal, which is why it seems he hasn't noticed me. 
 Oy, being 14 isn't easy for anyone. 
 So what are you going to do about it? 
 That's where I need your help. 
 So, tell me, WWCBD? 
 What would Carrie Bradshaw do? 
 Seriously, if I knew, I would be married to Mr. Big, living in a fantastic apartment in the great state of Not Alabama. 
 Don't ask my advice. 
 I have liked the wrong men since I can remember. 
 I'll just go sit on the other side of the square and try to read your lips. 
 So, uh... 
 Hi. 
 This is awkward. 
 Um, Brick asked me to look for loopholes in his partnership agreement with Harley. 
 It's 25 years old, so I hadn't seen it. 
 But apparently, if one partner doesn't bring in 30% of the revenue every billing quarter, the other partner can buy him or her out. 
 30% of the business. 
 Yeah. 
 Don't worry. 
 I'm good at what I do, and as soon as this town figures that out, it'll be just fine. 
 Okay. 
 Woman : Lemon! 
 Where's your dad? 
 It's Cole Maliska; he's in the office. 
 His legs ain't working. 
 I'll call my daddy. 
 Okay. 
 No need! 
 I'm here! 
 Uh, okay. 
 Woman :  What is it? 
 What's wrong with my husband? 
 Luckily, I've been able to rule out stroke, but I am worried about what are concerning neurological symptoms. 
 Could be Guillain-Barré, so I have an ambulance coming. 
 Guillain-Barré? 
 Is that serious? 
 Yeah. 
 Bedside manner. 
 Sometimes people don't die. 
 Cole? Ethel? 
 What is going on here? 
 Patient presented paralysis in the lower extremities. 
 I'm sending them to the hospital for Guillain-Barré. 
 Guillain-Barré. 
 Well, it's deer hunting season. 
 And Cole is just suffering from tick paralysis. 
 Sometimes those little devils get up in there and suddenly you just can't move. 
 Yeah. It's just like how you get a little education in your head and suddenly you can't think. 
 (chuckles) 
 He is going to be just fine. 
 But she said... 
 Oh, I know. 
 Poor little thing. 
 She's from New York. 
 She wouldn't know a tick from a taxicab. 
 (laughter) 
 Tick paralysis is very rare in New York City. 
 So rare that it doesn't even happen. 
 It was an innocent mistake. 
 Still, not exactly an auspicious beginning. 
 Oh, it's a disaster! 
 I wanted to follow in my father's footsteps, but if I don't start bringing patients in, I'm going to lose the practice that Harley had for 45 years. 
 Well, lucky for you, you have me to give you counsel. 
 You ready for it? 
 Here it is. 
 Key to success in BlueBell: show people you're one of them. 
 Harley always did. 
 I ate grits. 
 What more could a woman give? 
 Join me on my float in the parade tomorrow. 
 Lavon Hayes has a 99.8% approval rating. 
 Only holdout I got is the widow Lowman, who, for reasons I don't like thinking about, wants me to legalize prostitution. 
 (both laugh) 
 You show up on Lavon Hayes's side, people will see you want to fit in. 
 They'll forgive you anything if they see you trying to fit in to this town. 
 Really? 
 Yeah. 
 All you have to do is help Wade with the finishing touches on the float. 
 (sighs) 
 I guess I could do one parade. 
 Get fitted for your Alabama costume. 
 A costume? 
 BlueBell's very own Alabama Yellowhammer. 
 The people of this town are going to be impressed by my medical skills, not by my parading around in some ridiculous outfit. 
 Mm-mm. No, not for me. 
 I am not dressing up as a bird! 
 Once again, no one came to see me. 
 How did Harley get patients? 
 Harley... was beloved. 
 He'd deliver babies, and they'd grow up and bring him their babies and their babies' babies. 
 He knew people's histories. 
 Like the fact that Cole Maliska was a hunter and that we've had four cases of tick paralysis in BlueBell just this year. 
 You want to look at Harley's files again? 
 Hmm? 
 I could quiz you. 
 I know Harley was a great man, but we clearly have different ways of approaching medicine. 
 My, my, my. 
 Interesting news about our partnership agreement, right, Ms. Hart? 
 Poor little thing-- 30% is not gonna be an easy feat. 
 You know, I thought maybe I'd just turn this into my trophy room. 
 Or I could just store my shotgun collection in here. 
 There you are, Daddy... 
 Emmeline. 
 Oh, my goodness, Dr. Hart. 
 You poor thing, you look so tired. 
 Sort of puffy-like. 
 Thank you. 
 Brick : Lemon meringue pie! 
 Everything okay? 
 (groans) Betty tripped during dance rehearsal. 
 Oh, what happened, Bets? 
 Oh, you know me, Uncle Brick. 
 I'm just so clumsy. 
 I'm fine. There's no need to bring me in. 
 Lemon : Of course there is. 
 We need to make sure her arm's okay for the parade tomorrow. 
 Betty is Brick's niece from Huntsville. 
 She visits every summer. 
 Betty, this is Dr. Hart from New York. 
 Yes. I heard all about you. 
 Uh, Brick has a waiting room full of patients, but I could take you right now, if you like. 
 (laughter) 
 Daddy, stop. 
 Brick : Ladies, ladies, let me take a look at that for you, now, all right? 
 See you! 
 Oh, hey, Doc, I'm glad you're here. 
 My head has just been killing me today. 
 So? 
 So? So what are you doing just sitting there? 
 Call the hospital. 
 (laughing): I must need brain surgery. 
 (laughter) 
 Okay, all right, we don't get ticks in New York City, okay? 
 Kind of like how you guys don't get movies that aren't made by Michael Bay. 
 Whoa! Zinger! 
 It was an innocent mistake! 
 (laughter) 
 Aw, come on, sweetheart. 
 (scattered chuckles) 
 (country music playing) 
 Lavon. Fine, if it's what I have to do to fit in around here I'll join you on your damn float. 
 Just please don't make me wear a bird costume. 
 (low groan) 
 Betty? 
 Okay. 
 Where... where am I? 
 You're in the bathroom at the Rammer Jammer. 
 You can't let anyone see me like this. 
 Please... 
 Frelp... blee... 
 Betty. Betty? 
 I told you, I'm fine. 
 You spoke like a Martian, almost broke your head on the linoleum... you are not fine, young lady. 
 Acute muscle weakness in the left arm. 
 You tripped yesterday, which means loss of balance. 
 Possibly muscle spasticity. 
 And the garbled speech. 
 My guess is you're in the middle of a degenerative immune disorder episode. 
 Found out last year. 
 (wry laugh) 
 M.S.? 
 Wow. 
 That's unusual in someone so young. 
 Betty, I'm so sorry, that must... 
 Suck? Well, yes, it does. 
 And that pitying look you're giving me right now is exactly why no one here can know about it. 
 Betty, you're sick... you can't pretend like nothing's wrong. 
 Oh, I can pretend whatever I want; it's my body. 
 Besides, I watch television, so I know about that doctor-patient confidentiality thing. 
 So you can't say anything, either. 
 Fine. I won't say anything if you promise to take care of yourself. 
 You have to rest... which means you can't perform in that parade tomorrow. 
 Oh, but I-I have to. 
 This is important. 
 I've been rehearsing for a month. 
 The parade is the final Belle event of the summer. 
 (chuckles) 
 Honey, Dr. Hart is right. 
 The heat and the stress will just exacerbate your symptoms. 
 It's gonna be 96 degrees out, and if you pass out again, this time it's from a moving platform. 
 Lemon'll be furious. 
 She'll ask questions... 
 You tell Lemon that you ran into Dr. Hart, who examined your shoulder and found a glenoid labrum tear and insisted you couldn't perform. 
 You'd do that? 
 Emmeline : Why don't you come on back to the office and I'll get you a sling... it'll help sell it. 
 Thank you. 
 That was some nice doctoring. 
 And I hear you're riding in the mayor's float tomorrow. 
 Making improvements. 
 Lemon : All right, sweetheart, so just remember, your foot has to be steady on the gas, and the float must be going exactly four miles an hour for the dancers to time it just right. 
 Right, right. 
 Six miles an hour. 
 No, George... 
 Did you even hear me? 
 Four miles an hour. 
 Oh, I-I'm sorry, I thought you said four. 
 No, I didn't, I said... 
 Don't mock me. 
 Come on, the Belles have been practicing this dance for months now, honey. 
 Yes, and I realize this more than anyone. 
 But, babe, you got to remember, it's just one parade. 
 Okay? And there will be a million other events that you can take over and perfect this month alone. 
 Honey, the Belle float has been the highlight of Founder's Day for more than a hundred years, and I just cannot let down all of BlueBell. 
 Okay, and, you know, your patriotism for BlueBell is getting a little freakish. 
 George... 
 I'm just saying. 
 But, you know, I have a thing for freaks. 
 I saw a circus once... there was a girl with a tail, Mm-hmm. 
 I thought it was so hot. 
 (laughing) 
 
 
 
 Oh, look... it's Dr. Hart. 
 Cute outfit. 
 Have you joined a gang? 
 Do you know where Lavon's float is? 
 You and the mayor have grown quite close lately, haven't you? 
 Uh, it's good to see you helping out. 
 And I think that Wade could probably use a hand. 
 He's right over there. 
 Why does it bother you so much that she's helping out Lavon on his float? 
 Just... riding the mayor's float used to mean something in this town. 
 You've barely started! 
 Mm. Well, I heard I was getting a helper. 
 I figured I'd wait. 
 I do remember how capable those hands of yours are. 
 We just kissed! 
 All I did with my hands was go-- why am I so stupid! 
 Is this why you stopped our little frolic the other night? 
 You got googly eyes for golden boy George? 
 I stopped our little frolic because I was half-crazed, full-drunk, and your breath smelled like generic beer. 
 Could we just build this and get it over with? 
 What is all this chicken wire for? 
 You never built a float before? 
 Is that surprising? 
 Well... this is what Lavon wants. 
 It's a... a red wave, an actual crimson tide. 
 The mayor will surf it. 
 I'm gonna run and get some paint. 
 Think you can handle that? 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Rose : There you are! 
 You know something I have been looking everywhere for you. 
 What are you doing with that chicken wire? 
 I didn't do a surgicalotation in scrapbooking, okay? 
 What's going on? 
 Frederick Dean is going to the parade with Magnolia Breeland. 
 Lemon's sister? 
 Good grief! 
 Which totally explains why he hasn't noticed me. 
 You want to get noticed? 
 You should ride with us on this float tomorrow. 
 Apparently, it's the key to legitimacy, popularity, even success in this town. 
 Me? Ride on the mayor's float? OMG! 
 There's one catch: you have to help build it. 
 Yeah. 
 That stupid Wade disappeared three hours ago, and I have no idea what I'm doing. 
 Of course I'll help you. 
 But I'm pretty sure Wade's at his house. 
 I heard music coming from there when I went to the carriage house to find you. 
 Really? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 You start in on this; I'll be right back. 
 Okay. 
 Okay. 
 (phone ringing) 
 Lavon Hayes. 
 Lavon, it's Lemon. 
 Lemon Breeland. 
 Listen, I'll just cut right to the chase. 
 I hear that that Dr. Hart is riding your float tomorrow. 
 Your spies are correct. 
 Well, I think that it is highly inappropriate. 
 (chuckles): Inappropriate? 
 It's disrespectful... to my father, who has worked his butt off for the people of BlueBell, for you to allow his competition to be seen at your side. 
 Now, listen, I don't know or care what is going on between you two, but... 
 Lemon, I appreciate the call. 
 If there's nothing else, I got business to attend to. 
 (doorbell rings) 
 Coming! 
 Oh, Lemon, you are not gonna believe this! 
 What are you doing here? 
 What is wrong with your arm? 
 I've just had a bit of bad news, really. 
 You know, I ran into that Dr. Hart who's so worried about my shoulder. 
 Turns out I have a torn gleid ligament. 
 She says I can't perform tomorrow. 
 Excuse me? 
 However, I've spent the whole day training AnnaBeth, and she knows all my dance moves, and she's ready to step into my place. 
 We... have been practicing this dance for months. 
 And you know that we need six dancers. 
 And no offense, AnnaBeth, but you couldn't execute a Spanish waltz if you had a year to practice. 
 Now, Dr. Hart is not  the  doctor in this town, and she cannot just come down here and take away every single thing that is important to me. Daddy! 
 (country song playing) 
 I should have known you would try  pull a stunt like this. 
 You're the most irresponsible person I've ever met. 
 You seem a bit more upset than the situation calls for, Doc. 
 It is just a parade. 
 I can't believe I'm going to say this... but it's the Founder's Day Parade. 
 Lavon is counting on us. 
 I'm counting on us. 
 For some reason, I need the people to think that I fit into this town, or I can't get patients and I will lose the practice that I inherited only four days ago, and ruin my dead father's legacy, not to mention the fellowship I have worked for my entire life. 
 It may sound... 
 ♪ ♪ 
 What are you doing? 
 You were freaking out... 
 I thought I'd snap you out of it with my generic beer breath. 
 Excuse me. 
 (clears throat) 
 What are you gaping at? 
 We've got a float to build don't we? Come on, girl. 
 Frederick. Dean. 
 He has two first names. 
 I mean, something about that is just so old-school cool. 
 And OMG, I saw he was reading  Chew  the other day. 
 That's, like, my favorite comic book. 
 But I didn't know how to tell him. 
 Kid... do I look like iCarly to you? 
 If I hear the name Frederick Dean one more time, I'm gonna hot-glue your lips together. 
 Where is your sense of romance? 
 What happened? 
 You fell asleep. 
 Good shot for the  BlueBell Beat  blog, though. 
 Wade : Very doctorly. 
 You guys, it looks... 
 Astonishing. 
 Whoo! (laughs) 
 Better than I even imagined. 
 Wade, my friend, I knew I could count on you. 
 (chuckles) 
 And, Rose Hattenbaer, well, since you are joining us, will you do me the honor of wearing the Alabama costume? 
 That is a great idea. 
 Y-E-S. 
 I'd be honored. 
 Good. Why don't I take you all for some pancakes to carb-load for the big day? 
 I am starving! 
 Uh, Zoe... 
 (clears throat) Lavon Hayes has a rep to protect. 
 You best go and get yourself a shower before you ride the tide with me, girl. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Hear you're riding on the mayor's float. 
 Well, I am one of his favorite people, so... 
 Excuse me. 
 Can I talk to you? 
 What are you doing? 
 We talked about this, you can't perform today. 
 And why not? 
 Because of her hurt shoulder? 
 Show her, Betty. 
 Yeah. 
 Betty's glenoid labrum is fine. 
 I examined it again myself, Dr. Hart. 
 Boy, you are on quite a roll. 
 Betty can't be in the parade. 
 Betty, tell them. 
 You have no choice. 
 (scoffs) 
 (chuckles): Dr. Hart, my shoulder is fine. 
 What is your problem? 
 Are you just out to get us, or did you go to medical school by correspondence course? 
 Enjoy the parade. 
 You okay? 
 Okay, back to work. 
 Brick : Not much time left. 
 Woman : She  has  made a lot of mistakes. 
 Well, she's new here. 
 And Lavon likes her. 
 She's riding his float... that's a big honor. 
 Big honor. 
 And I just love those little shorts she wears. 
 (chuckling) 
 Dr. Hart. 
 I'm so sorry about how I spoke to you earlier. 
 I know you're just trying to help. 
 Betty, how you speak to me is the least of my concerns. 
 I care about your health, and that's why you can't be in that parade today... you'll be jeopardizing it. 
 I don't know how many ways I can tell you this. 
 You don't understand. 
 Back home in Huntsville, I'm just a plain girl. 
 I'm a loner, I'm shy... 
 But every summer, I come here to... to BlueBell, where I'm a Breeland, I'm a Belle, which, here, is like being a princess. 
 And I live those ten months for the other two months, and I just wanted that feeling to go on as long as it possibly could. 
 Betty... 
 I understand being an outcast more than anyone. 
 But I don't think you should risk triggering another episode. 
 No, but it's worth the risk. 
 Because with my condition... both you and I know... it's probably my... last chance to really live. 
 Then at the very least, take this. 
 Baclofen. 
 It should help stave off some of the spasticity. 
 You take one three times a day until you can get home and see your own doctor. 
 But just one... it's strong stuff. 
 Thank you. 
 I... 
 It's okay. 
 Okay. 
 (marching band playing, crowd cheering) 
 ♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
 (marching band ends song) 
 (gentle waltz playing) 
 ♪ ♪ 
 (crowd cheering) 
 ♪ ♪ 
 I apologize for what I'm about to do. 
 Wade! Stop the tractor! 
 Wade, give me the wheel! I need to create a diversion! 
 What? No! 
 Wade : Get off! 
 What are you doing! Saving someone's life! 
 Give me the wheel! 
 What the hell did you do? 
 I'm sorry. Look, please cover for me. 
 I have to take care of something. 
 Excuse me! 
 Grab Betty, get her to my office now... no matter what. 
 (clears throat) 
 Well, today, uh... we mark the occasion when our-our noble founder, Cyrus Lavinius Jeremiah Jones... 
 Did our float just crash? 
 How does that happen? 
 Hey, there. Hi. 
 How's everybody feeling? 
 Y'all okay? 
 Oh, my goodness, Betty, you got a big bump on your head. 
 Come on, sweetie, let's get you some ice. 
 (clears throat) 
 So, um, in the spirit of C.L.J. Jones, we'll improvise. 
 (chuckles) 
 Give it up for, uh, our high school marching band, huh? 
 (door opens) 
 What's going on? 
 Uh... everything's... 
 ...spinning. 
 Is it the M.S.? 
 Really? You had to crash the float? 
 I had no choice. 
 How many Baclofen did you take? 
 I had another episode and my legs were rigid... I freaked out. 
 I took a bunch. 
 Oh! 
 Hold on. 
 Oh! 
 She's overdosing. 
 We need to get activated charcoal before she starts to seize. 
 Let's get her on the table. 
 Okay. 
 Lift her. 
 Okay. Legs. 
 I... am gonna kill that lunatic. 
 Or better yet, I'm gonna... 
 I'm gonna sue her. 
 She can't just go around just crashing floats! 
 She can't... 
 I'm just gonna... sue her for mental distress or-or attempted... negligence or attempted murder or something like that, and as my lawyer, I insist that you draw up the papers. 
 And as your fiancé, I insist you look at me, take deep breaths... 
 Whew! 
 Okay. 
 Now you're angry and you've had a bit of a scare. 
 Trust me when I say, I know how much this parade means to you, but right now... I got to make sure everyone's safe, and we got a hell of a mess to clean up, okay? 
 (inhales, exhales) 
 Okay. 
 Love you. 
 Okay. 
 (exhales) 
 Hey, Rose, I saw the float crash-- are you okay? 
 Frederick Dean. 
 What? 
 You think I'm some Belle all a-tizzy because my hoop skirt got stuck in my hair? 
 I'm not. Go help Magnolia. 
 Oh. Okay. 
 Hey, Rose, you, uh, get that new issue of  Chew? 
 I was hoping to borrow it. 
 You read...  Chew? 
 Wade : Yeah, you kidding? 
 She's, like, the... the fan club president. 
 Except I think releasing number 27 out of sequence was way weird. 
 Me, too. I don't get why you do that, especially when the USDA suicide mission was so cool in 18. 
 I'll get it from you later. 
 We are very lucky we caught it in time. 
 You could have had a seizure, gone into a coma. 
 I know it was stupid. 
 Well, we all do stupid things to fit in. 
 Like me wearing this football costume. 
 Uniform. Good Lord! 
 Whatever. 
 Mrs. H is gonna give you a ride home so you can get some rest. Okay. 
 Don't worry you'll be okay for the rest of your trip. 
 And no one will ever know. 
 Thank you for covering for me. 
 I know this is not going to help with your popularity problem. 
 Don't you worry about me. 
 You take care of yourself, Betty the Belle. 
 I'm off to face the music, the weird, old-timey, banjo-y music. 
 (pops lips) 
 Lemon, I'm sorry. 
 Really? 
 You really think "sorry's" gonna cut it? 
 Um... yes. 
 Just tell me why. 
 Why'd you do it? 
 (sighs) 
 Are you just... mocking us? 
 Are our traditions just a big joke to you? 
 Do you think you're just too good for us here? 
 No! 
 Then admit it, you are just hell-bent on destroying anything that's important to me... the-the parade, my engagement party... 
 No! 
 Then why? 
 Why did you crash your float? 
 Exactly. 
 Everyone... 
 Zoe Hart may be Harley Wilkes' daughter, but she is not him, and I think I speak for everyone when I say: we don't want you here. 
 Hey. 
 Heard you were hiding. 
 I blew it. 
 I'm sorry I disappointed you. 
 I know you just wanted me to fit in, but I'm not Harley. 
 Now, I am sorry if you feel like I was pressuring you. 
 Look, Brick is a good doctor, but sometimes he gets stuck in his ways and... worse, he puts his own needs first. 
 Harley wasn't like that. 
 Yeah, yeah. 
 Harley was a saint, and I'm nothing like him. 
 Oh, no, no, no, no, you don't understand. 
 Listen, what you did today, sacrificing yourself to be a part of this town, to treat a patient, that was amazing. 
 And that was Harley to the core. 
 Thanks, Mrs. H. 
 Listen, like you... 
 I've been a little lost... and this job, I mean, sometimes I love it, but... it's just, it's not my dream. 
 Six months ago, my daughter and I, we bought a bakery down in Shreveport, and I was gonna move down there to help her start it up. 
 But then Harley died, and I didn't want to leave BlueBell until... 
 ...until the right person came along to take after him. 
 What are you saying? 
 ♪ ♪ 
 I think... I think it's okay for me to leave now. 
 Mrs. H, I'm not the right person. 
 There is no way I can get 30% of those patients now. 
 I'll lose the practice, and the fellowship. 
 One day soon, people are gonna see that your heart is as deep as Harley's was, and that, like him, you'll listen. 
 I'm confident. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Good-bye, Dr. Hart. 
 (chuckles) 
 Believe me, you're gonna do just fine. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 And if you're ever in doubt, you have these. 
 He's in there. 
 I'm just sorry you didn't get to know him like you deserved to. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 She was so happy that day. 
 The Founder's Parade was her favorite event of the whole season. 
 Every year at this time, I think... maybe Mama'll come back. 
 If not to see us, then... at least to see the Belle float. 
 Sugar... it was 12 years ago she left. 
 You're gonna have to start letting go. 
 Have you? 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Shula : Why are you hiding? 
 Hiding on the back porch? 
 What's the matter with you today? 
 You disobeyed ... 
 (continues indistinctly) 
 What do you want? 
 I've been thinking about your symptoms. 
 Maybe I misdiagnosed you the first time you came in. 
 Really? 
 Who's this? 
 Oh. 
 This is Prince... 
 Purr... fection the Third. 
 Oh, yeah? 
 So... 
 I was looking at your file, and I noticed that your illnesses began after your mother died. 
 So? 
 It must be hard to be here without her. 
 I don't have any family here, either. 
 And I miss it... them... more than I would have guessed. 
 She made the best peach pie. 
 I love peach pie. 
 You do? 
 I do. 
 You don't look like you eat no peach pie. 
 Oh, I'll eat a peach pie. 
 You put a peach pie in front of me, I will eat it. 
 Well, we got plenty of it here. 
 (both laughing) 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 