Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x19 - Destiny & Denial - Hart of Dixie 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x19 - Destiny & Denial https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=119&t=15227 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/25/12 05:20 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x19 - Destiny & Denial 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Harley Wilkes was your father. 
 He left you his practice. 
 Wade : That's why you stopped our little frolic the other night? You got googly eyes Do you really think that about me? That I'm snobbish and shallow? Zoe knows about us. George, Lavon and I  had an affair; I cannot tell you how sorry I am. You don't have to. 'Cause it's over. Yes, I swear to you it... Lemon. I meant us. No. I didn't want to be  in the middle of all of this. I understand, yeah. Except one thing, we're not friends. (shower starts) Who the... Uh-oh. (sighs) George knows. Months of keeping the big secret, and now, ka-bam, it's exploded. Who knows what the fallout's gonna be? All the belles could be wearing black. Yeah, well, all I know is I blew it. Kissing Lemon in public. Monumentally stupid. And George Tucker... Poor George. Yeah. (grunts) What are you doing? George is hurt and angry. He already lashed out at me. It's obvious that you will be the next target. I just want you to be prepared. (grunts) Okay, you know I got hit by 350-pound linemen for a living, right? Mm-hmm. And no offense to George, not exactly afraid of his right hook, either. Though he's got a right to try. I'm gonna go to the Rammer Jammer and do some recon. Find out what everyone's saying about the big breakup. You should probably lay low until I report back. Hey, uh, I need y'all's help. Why would I help you? Why would I help anyone? I am a shallow snob, remember? Move out of my way. Ow. Lavon... Wait, write it down. If you do your laundry once a week, you won't have to borrow my socks. Yeah, or your underwear. My what now? Look, it doesn't matter. Point is there's an emergency, all right? Last night, regrettably, I got very drunk, and, uh, I slept with someone. So, that happens all the time. Well, I can't remember who. And that happens most of the time. Yeah, but none of my other overnight guests wear things... (clears throat) ...like this. That is a large garment. She's in my shower right now. Are you sure she could fit in your shower? What are we gonna do? You are gonna head back home and meet your new girlfriend. Bring her a doughnut. Come with me. Please. Go. You're a good friend. Thank you, thank you so much. You made your bed. Hope she didn't break it. MEN (a capella): ♪ Come, friends ♪ 
♪ Who plough the sea ♪ 
♪ Truce to navigation ♪ 
♪ Take another station ♪ 
♪ Let's vary piracy ♪ 
♪ With a little burglary ♪ Hey, Shelsters, wh-what's going on, huh? Any news? Any gossip? Debbie Jean Fordham got laryngitis and can't perform on Dash DeWitt's charity revue, "Gilbert and South-ivan" tomorrow. Gilbert and South-ivan? And that's the gossip? The only gossip? Sorry, geez. Hey, Brick. How you holding up? What do you think? I am so furious, I can't even see straight. I'm sorry, I heard. (sighs) Yeah, but after a while, this anger will pass. No, it won't, not before I have to get up and sing tomorrow night. Sing? Do you know how many words there are in "I Am a Very Model of a Modern Major General"? There's ten in the title alone. I can't believe I let Dash convince me to sign up for this. Right. Dash, no he is always causing trouble. I still don't understand. How is this cake gonna make George un-break up with you? Oh, he didn't break up with me. He was angry, and he lashed out, but he didn't mean it. And how do you know? You see this? Mm-hmm. Zero calls, you know why? Because George has not told anyone. Not even a single soul. Had he even insinuated that we were fighting, that phone would be ringing off the hook with people wanting in on the gossip. Maybe he hasn't had a chance to tell anyone. It just happened. Maybe. But until then, I have hopes that he will reconsider. So this morning, I am bringing him his favorite cake, and I'm going to apologize. What's he so angry about anyway? I never heard what you guys were fighting about. It's not important. Because all today and all tomorrow, during Dash's revue, I'm going to apologize. And I will not stop, and eventually, he will have to forgive me. Uh... Hello? Tom : Hey, Wade. (screams) (both screaming) Why are we screaming? What are you doing here? Don't you remember? I wouldn't be asking, Tom, if I remembered. I found you last night walking on the side of the road. You were drunk as a skunk. So I brought you back here, and I was tired, so I slept over. In my bed? The couch was itchy. Don't worry, we slept feet to head. Eh, some things are best forgot. Tom, uh... can you tell me whose shirt this is? Maybe what I was doing by the side of the road? I have no idea. This is intriguing. And where's my car, Tom? You lost your car? Oh, man, this  is just like The Hangover, which is awesome, because it's exactly like The Hangover 2... There might be a tiger in your closet. I'm going over there. He needs a friend. A friend? He's not even speaking to you. George just thinks he's mad at me. He needs someone today. Someone who understands what he's going through. You're not trying to use this to your advantage? I am a doctor, which is why I am bringing him this soup, homemade by me. Uh-huh? And what's this now? I had to use a can opener. That counts. Not in the South, it doesn't. I should have known. 30 seconds after George found out, you'd make your move. I didn't make my move, I made soup. Listen to me, little Miss Opportunistic, George may be angry at me, but he will forgive me. In a couple of weeks, we will be standing in that church, and we will be saying our vows, and then we will be dancing to "What a Wonderful World" in front of our 200 closest friends. And nothing and nobody is gonna stop it. Lemon, I am simply here because my friend, George, is in pain. He needs someone to talk to. Someone who didn't break his heart. Man : Hey, George! ♪ ♪ (fishing reel clicking) (cheering) Ladies, hi. Lemon, did you make that cake for me? How thoughtful of you. And Zoe, is that... is that soup? How sweet. Well, you know what, ladies? I'll see you two later. Thanks for the grub. It was so weird. George Tucker was happy. Elated, even. It didn't even seem like he was angry with me anymore. He is obviously in denial, which is stage one in the five stages of grief. Yes, Zoe, even I, a stupid football jock, knows what denial is. Sorry, I just... I've never seen a case this bad. He needs to deal with his feelings. I have to figure out a way how to help him move on to stage two-- anger-- before he snaps. And you're researching how on a computer? Aren't you supposed to be a doctor? Psych was not my best rotation. My thesis, "Get Over It," wasn't well received. Can't imagine why. The Internet is no help. It is telling me to let him be. It's unaware of the danger. Which is? Which is he denies himself right down the aisle with a woman who cheated on him. I see. Zoe? Maybe you should just let this go. Oh, no, I cannot let this go. George's mental health is in jeopardy. I have to get a consult. (piano playing) ♪ I am the very model ♪ 
♪ Of a modern major general, I've la-la-la-la ♪ 
♪ Animal and la-la-la-la, Benadryl ♪ Benadryl, Brick? You know, it's just hard for me to-to sing and... with all these distractions. All right, all right. (piano resumes) ♪ Know the kings of England and a... (mumbles) ♪ Tom? That boat is awesome. Will you pass the white paint? The white paint? Uh, uh... Sure, I'd... okay. (Brick continues) Hey, Tom, buddy. Sweet tea? Yeah. Wanda? Me? Yeah. Brick, the performance is tomorrow. You should have given me these lyrics, like-like, a month ago. Well, I did. George : Sweet tea, anyone? Hello, Lemon, would you like some sweet tea? No, I-I do not want a sweet tea. What the hell is going on? I believe that we are at rehearsal for Dash's revue, and we are scheduled to sing "I Am the Pirate King." Did something happen to you? Are you okay? I'm fantastic. (Brick continues) But you... you do remember what happened last night? Oh, of course I remember. Something like that's hard to forget. All right, Brick. Come on, next up is "Three Little Maids from School." (piano playing lively intro) I am missing one little maid. Lemon... I think you're needed on stage for rehearsal. Who's got a paintbrush for me? Hey, Shelley, did you happen to see me leave here last night with anyone? You were drunk and flirting with every girl in here. Could've been anyone. You have any guesses? I guess her. What'd you do that for? For calling me all drunk for s*x last night. Oh. Well, sorry. Here. (gasps) Like I would ever wear that. So we didn't...? Of course not! I turned you down. 'Cause you'd already called my married sister, you pig! Classy, Wade. Super classy! I wondered when you was gonna give me that shirt back. This is not yours. It's my sister's. Big Ethel? I saw you when you snatched it from my clothesline. (relieved sigh) (chuckles): Well... why-why would I do that? Maybe 'cause you was walking around naked as the day is long. And you just keep getting classier! (giggles) ♪ ♪ "About binomial theorem, I am teeming with a lot o' news, with many cheerful facts about the square of the hypotenuse." Dear God. Yeah? Hey. Hey. Hey. Brick, have you ever dealt with a patient who was stuck in serious denial? (chuckles) First let me relish the moment. (laughs) You've finally come to me for a consult! Okay, okay, could we please just get on with it? No, I'm still relishing. (laughing) Brick! Oh, okay, okay. Well, you know, a-a little short-term denial is a perfectly, uh, healthy coping mechanism. Not in this case. See, this guy just found out something terrible about his fi... wife. His wife. Oh, I see, I see, mm-hmm. Did Lemon put you up to this? What? Dr. Hart, I am processing the information about my wife in my own time, thank you very much, and it is perfectly within reason for me to attend my own daughter's wedding without a date. But I... Now, if you will excuse me, I have lines to learn. "I'm very good at integral and differential calculus. "I... I know the scientific names of beings animalculous." Yes! Yes, that's good, that's good. ♪ ♪ 
♪ Three little maids who, all unwary, come from a ladies' ♪ 
♪ Seminary, freed from its genius tutelary ♪ 
♪ Three little maids from school ♪ 
♪ Three little maids ♪ 
♪ From school... ♪ 
♪ ♪ Wow. They're just lovely, aren't they, Tom? Uh, uh... yes? Do you sing? Well... I... (laughs) He's incredible. Have you never heard him in the church choir? Really fantastic voice. You know what? I think I'm gonna go get some more paint. ♪ ♪ (piano continues in distance) Thank you, sir. Oh, hey, Lemon. Great rehearsal. You were really hitting those high notes. Stop it. Stop what? I thought I was being perfectly friendly. Don't be friendly, George. Friendly is... insane, okay? I hurt you. I betrayed you, so just yell at me or scream at me or something, please! There's no need for that. I get it-- you had an affair, and I'm sure that you are very, very sorry. I am so sorry. I am so, so, so, so sorry. Like I said, I am sure you are. So does this... mean that there's still hope for the wedding to be on? Not even an iota. Dash : Lemon, George, come on, you're up. You know what? I don't feel much like rehearsing, and I got my part down pat, so I'll just see you at the big show tomorrow, okay? What...? Wha...? Thank you, Dash. ♪ ♪ Zoe : Hey. Hey, Zoe. Hi, George. Hey, are we okay? Of course we are. Look... I want to say I'm sorry for taking it all out on you last night. I know that you were just trying to do what's best. And, you know, you're a really good friend-- I just want to tell you that. I am glad you think so, pal. Hey, I was hoping you might want to watch a movie with me. Oh, yeah? Yeah. I got, um,  Unfaithful, Fatal Attraction, (laughing) Obsessed... Zoe... Look, George, I don't mean to alarm you, but... all of that happiness you feel is really major denial. It's not denial. And this happiness I feel... it's relief. See, I've been walking around for six months wondering why my fiancée was acting all nutty and erratic, and now that I get it, why, I feel... I feel free. Free? Yeah. I get to start over-- now, while I am still young and vibrant and, let's face it, kind of cute. (laughs) All right, look, George, you need to process. No, no, no processing. See, what I need to do... is live. Turns out that Lemon wasn't the girl for me. She wasn't my destiny. So now it's my job to go find out what... or who... that destiny is. Well, I guess that makes sense. So... Zoe Hart, I hope to see you around again... really soon. ♪ ♪ From Marathon to Timbuktu and something "oratorical..." Yeah? That's it? Oh, Daddy, not even close. If this were not charity, I would quit it... right now. Are you okay, Lemon? You look kind of pale. No. (scoffs): Oh... it's all those ridiculous hats she wears. She never gets any sun. (laughs, sighs) I'm fine. I'm fine, Daddy. You stay healthy-- you know, this is a big month for you, right? Of course it is. You should really tell him. Oh, no, there's no need to. George and I are gonna make it through. I have a new plan. What? At the end of our Gilbert and Sullivan song, I am gonna kiss him, right there up on stage. And what? He'll get furious, and fury will lead to a fight, and a fight will lead him to let out his feelings, his anger, and we'll talk through it, and then we'll live happily, happily, happily, happily ever after. Whew. We really need to get a shrink in this town. And if the girls club's gonna have its bake sale on Wednesday, we'll need to change the trash pickup. (frustrated sigh) (exhales) (light chuckle) Uh... Selectwoman Blackwell, it has been a treat. (chuckles) And, uh, I will get back to you on all those issues... promptly. Thank you, Mayor Hayes. Thank you for coming. All right. You have a good old day. What is wrong with you? So very... very much. The shirt... was Ethel Warner's. No. No, no... No... No, no, no, no. I... Apparently, I stole it off her clothesline. Well, why'd you do that? Because I was naked. And I have no idea what happened to my clothes. Or where my car is. Or why my arm is so damn itchy. That's a clue. Well, maybe it's an allergy. What are you allergic to? Uh... pumpkins, birch beer, rabbits. Pumpkin season's over, and I stay way the hell away from birch beer. Only person I know with a pet rabbit is... Oh, dear God. What? I know who exactly who I was with last night. And I only wish it was Big Ethel, 'cause this is... oh, this is so much worse. Well, who could be worse than Big Ethel? Tansy. Your ex-wife. My ex-wife who's still in love with me. God, I am such a jerk! 
 
 ♪ ♪ (motorcycle rumbling) So I see, you're not in denial, you're in an erectile dysfunction ad. (chuckles): Oh-ho... Ha-ha. What is going on? Just realized that I'd been part of an us for so long that I'd lost sight of me, so I stayed up all night and I made a list of things, that, uh... that I want to do. And one was dying  in a motorcycle accident? No, no. No, 'cause I have a helmet, Doctor. Oh, good. What else is on this list? Oh, so much. So much. A couple of years ago, Lemon and I, we went to New Orleans, and I saw this little place, Bar Moreau. It had this incredible old-time jazz band, it was decked out, the place was amazing. I wanted to go in, but Lemon wanted to go to the opera. So... I'm going there now. Aren't you supposed to be in Dash's revue tonight? Also something that Lemon wanted to do, not me. And I'm not doing things I don't want to do anymore. It is George Tucker time. (laughs): Okay. You have fun. Oh, I will. Okay. (chuckles) You have fun here. Oh, thanks. (sighs) Don't die. ♪ ♪ Hey, Tansy. Hey. Thank you... for bringing my car back. It's the least I could do. And I'm sorry for, uh... you know... (clears throat) ...having drunk s*x with you last night. (laughs) Is that what you think happened? Well, you were drunk, but we did not have s*x. We didn't? Oh, you wanted to. You even took off your clothes to prove how much. But last time I saw you, you gave me a speech about making better choices, and you were right. Which is why I kicked you out. Guess you were too drunk to figure out how to put your clothes back on. (laughs) Well, thank you for having some good sense. At least one of us does. I'm trying. Actually, I'm going to night school, studying cosmetology. Hey, all right! And I am steering clear of men for now. I'm getting my life together, and... it's all because of you being so terrible to me. So thanks. (chuckles) I should grab a cab. Yeah. I have to study. ♪ ♪ Well, it's not broken, just a bad bruise. You are lucky. I got distracted while I was hammering. I know I should've been looking at what I was doing. It's just... I kinda have a crush on someone. Anyone I know? Do you know Tom Long? Tom... Long? You have a crush on Tom Long? Who wouldn't? He's sweet and funny and handsome and good to his mama. He's just so shy. (cell phone rings) Hold that thought. Hello? Zoe Hart? I just wanted to call and tell you that you are missing out, because New Orleans is amazing. I mean, it's alive, it's electric. And the food! I'm eating this beignet right now, and I swear to you, it is a religious experience. Well, I am glad you are having fun. You know, you should come join me. W-W-What? New Orleans is like two hours away. You come out here, we'll hang out, we'll, uh, hear some jazz. And then you'd be home by 1:00 a.m., 2:00 at the latest. I don't know... Oh, come on. Doc, hey. You need to get yourself out of that stuffy office. You need to live a little. You need to seize the day, Zoe Hart. Seize the day! I'll think about it. Well, you do that. You think about that real hard. Okay? Bye. So, what do you think? What should I do about Tom Long? I think you should go for it. Really? Sometimes... destiny gives us a window, and no matter how crazy it may seem, you have to act on it before that window closes. I have to go. (orchestral music plays) I just want to let you know that George still isn't here. He's not? Mm-mm. That's okay. He will be. I'm not worried. First up is "Three Little Maids." And for me, two little ear plugs. Come on. Magnolia, you get him here, okay? Everything depends on this. Everything. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Go, go, go. Lavon! Lavon, I need to borrow your car and some cash for emergencies and directions to New Orleans. And why are you going to New Orleans? To meet George. Dangerous territory, Zoe. Very dangerous. But what if George is my destiny, and this is my only chance? Let me remind you of one thing. George did not choose you. He found out a secret about Lemon. Big difference. (lively piano tune plays) ♪ I am the very model of a modern major general ♪ 
♪ I've information vegetable, animal, and mineral ♪ 
♪ I know the kings of England and I quote the fights historical ♪ 
♪ From Marathon to Waterloo, in order categorical ♪ Did you find him yet? He's not at home or his office. Lemon, where is George? He's supposed to be getting into his costume! Oh, um, I forgot to tell you. Uh, George is very, very, very sick. He has, um, a terrible stomach bug. He's at home. Weird. I saw him this morning riding his new motorcycle. (laughs) A motorcycle? No, that's crazy. Don't worry. He was with Dr. Hart. I'm sure she insisted he wear his helmet. Dr. Hart? I'll be right back! Dash : What? But you're up in two songs. Brick : ♪ I am the very model of a modern major general. ♪ 
♪ Jambalaya and a crawfish pie and filé gumbo ♪ ♪ 'Cause tonight I'm gonna see ma cher amie, oh ♪ ♪ Pick guitar, fill fruit jar and be gay, oh ♪ 
♪ Son of a gun, we're gonna have big fun on the bayou ♪ 
♪ Thibodeaux and Fontainenot, the place is buzzin' ♪ 
♪ Kinfolk come to see Yvonne by the dozen ♪ 
♪ Dress in style and go hog wild, me oh, my oh ♪ 
♪ Son of a gun, we're gonna have big fun on the bayou ♪ 
♪ Jambalaya and a crawfish pie and file gumbo ♪ ♪ 'Cause tonight I'm gonna see ma cher amie, oh ♪ ♪ Pick guitar, fill fruit jar and be gay, oh ♪ 
♪ Son of a gun, we're gonna have big fun on the bayou ♪ 
♪ Son of a gun, we're gonna have big fun on the bayou ♪ 
♪ Son of a gun, we're gonna have big fun on the bayou... ♪ Whew! (cheering and applause) Thank you, sir. ♪ ♪ I did not know that you could sing like that. Well, there are a lot of things you don't know about me, Zoe Hart. I guess so. But I'm really glad you came. 'Cause now you can help me with the next thing on my to-do list. Bartender, two Hurricanes, please. I'm sorry to interrupt. But you were great up there. Oh, thank you. Can we see you perform anywhere else in town? Um, sorry, that was actually Hm. just kind of a spontaneous thing, so... Oh. But you are a professional singer? (laughs) George : No. Really? Actually, I'm a lawyer. You hear that, honey? We're groupies for a lawyer. Oh, don't be embarrassed. You're not the first groupies that this lawyer has had. Kim and Pablo Charlton. Um, George Tucker. Hi, I'm Zoe. Hi. You two from around here? No, we're just visiting. Oh, so are we. From New Jersey. Actually, we're on our honeymoon. Oh, congratulations. And that is such a coincidence, because... so are we. (chuckles) ♪ I'm called Little Buttercup ♪ 
♪ Dear Little Buttercup ♪ 
♪ Though I could never tell why... ♪ Did you hear? I got all the words right. Every single one! (chuckles) Where's Lemon? Um... not really sure. (nervous laugh) ♪ Sweet Little Buttercup Pie ♪ We are going to have to skip their number. Tom and I can fill in. Oh, he can sing. He's in the choir. We can do it! What...? ♪ ...Pie! ♪ (song ends) Come on, Tom. Seize the day. Okay, we can do it. (chuckles) (audience murmurs) (piano plays steady tune) ♪ Oh, better far to live and die ♪ 
♪ Under the brave black flag I fly ♪ 
♪ Than play a sanctimonious part ♪ 
♪ With a pirate head and a pirate heart ♪ 
♪ Away to the cheating world go you ♪ 
♪ Where pirates are all well-to-do. ♪ 
♪ But I'll be true to the song I sing ♪ 
♪ And live and die a Pirate King ♪ 
♪ For I am the Pirate King ♪ 
♪ And it is, it is a glorious thing ♪ 
♪ To be a Pirate King ♪ 
♪ For I am a Pirate King ♪ 
♪ You are, hurrah for the Pirate King! ♪ 
♪ And it is, it is a glorious thing... ♪ Where are Lemon and George? It's not like them to-to blow off an important talent event and to miss my song. Daddy, I have to tell you something. ♪ ...to be a Pirate King, it is! ♪ 
♪ Hurrah for the Pirate King, hurrah for the Pirate King! ♪ (cheering and applause) Kim : So you don't live anywhere? No, right now, nothing's holding us down. We're just kind of, untethered, free. You know, so we decided to take a year off and travel... Yeah. and see where life takes us. Yeah, well we've been all over. To Australia. Oh, yeah. Europe... Wow, so what's next? Uh, what's next on the honeymoon is Uganda, actually. I have always wanted to go to Uganda, to see the gorillas in the wild. Me, too. Kim : You two lead such an amazing life. We really do. Announcer : Ladies and gentlemen... we have a special guest performer tonight. Please give a warm New Orleans welcome to Mr. Scotty McCreery. (cheering and applause) Scotty McCreery, holy crap! If you'll excuse us, I, uh... I'm gonna go dance with my bride. ♪ ♪ Come on. (chuckles) ♪ The trouble with girls is they're a mystery ♪ 
♪ Something about them puzzles me ♪ 
♪ I spend my whole life trying to figure out ♪ 
♪ Just what them girls are all about ♪ 
♪ The trouble with girls is they're so dang pretty... ♪ I should have known that we would have so much in common. Zoe Hart, from the first day I picked you up by the side of the road, you have gotten to me. It's been a great night. Do you have anything left on your list that you want to do? ♪ ♪ You know, I've done every thing on my list. Except one... ♪ They steal you with "Hello" ♪ 
♪ They kill you with "Good-bye" ♪ 
♪ They're the perfect drug ♪ 
♪ And I can't break free ♪ 
♪ Yeah, the trouble with girls ♪ 
♪ Is nobody loves trouble as much as me. ♪ So, what now? ♪ ♪ Now... Now we spend the night. (chuckles) And be who we just pretended we were, live our lives. Seize the day. You're right, we should. We should. Yeah. I'll get us a room, then. My mom knows somebody at every fancy hotel in America. So, why don't you let me make the call? ♪ ♪ George? George, are you in there?! George? Brick : Lemon? Hi, Daddy. Um... I was just, um... I was just checking to see if Zoe Hart had my wallet, because I lost it, and somebody said that she might have it. And I-I need to find it, because it's really important. Honey, Magnolia told me George broke off the wedding. What's going on? I messed up real bad. I messed up so bad, Daddy. I cheated on George. (murmurs) (sobbing) ♪ ♪ Oh. Hey, Tom. So, I hear you solved the mystery. Yeah. Yeah, I did. I'm sorry I couldn't be there to lend a hand, but I had a big night. I was so scared, but... I sang. Hey. Hey, that's great. It was incredible. Up there on that stage with Wanda, it felt like everything was right. It felt like, uh, destiny. Destiny, huh? I've been pining away for Zoe Hart for so long that I nearly missed Wanda. Well, good for you. You know, I'm, uh... I'm glad you found someone. Our life as wild bachelors was incredible, but it's time to grow up. I'm nearly 23. I'm sorry, Wade... but good-bye. All right, Tom. (phone beeps) Hey, Tansy, it's, uh... it's Wade. (crowd chatter, jazz playing) Pierre, a suite would be perfect. Thank you so much. Okay, bye. ♪ I see trees of green ♪ 
♪ Red roses, too ♪ 
♪ I see them bloom for me and for you ♪ 
♪ And I think to myself ♪ 
♪ What a wonderful world ♪ 
♪ I see skies of blue ♪ 
♪ And clouds of white ♪ 
♪ The bright, blessed day ♪ 
♪ And the dark, sacred night ♪ 
♪ And I think to myself ♪ 
♪ What a wonderful world ♪ 
♪ I see friends shaking hands ♪ 
♪ Saying, "How do you do?" ♪ 
♪ They're really saying ♪ 
♪ I love you ♪ 
♪ I see skies of blue... ♪ Your wedding song. ♪ And clouds of white ♪ It just took me by surprise, that's all. ♪ The bright, blessed day ♪ 
♪ And the dark, sacred night ♪ George... ♪ And I think to myself ♪ ...I think it's time to go home. ♪ What a wonderful world ♪ 
♪ What a wonderful world. ♪ Wow! Nice hair. Very funny. We have to practice on each other in class, and my partner went a little overboard. No, no. It, uh... it looks good. (laughs) Thank you for, uh... for coming by. You're my only ex-husband. When you need me, I'm here. What's going on? Well, you know, I was... I was just thinking about what you said, about, uh... you know, about how you're trying to change and-and do better, and, uh, well, it got me thinking. Getting drunk, going home with random women, losing my clothes... (laughs) ...I'm trying to put that behind me, too. Is that so? Obviously, I'm... I'm not doing perfectly. (laughs) But, uh, I got a plan. I'm-I'm saving up money to open my own bar. I think it could be a pretty special place. Is that why you called me? To tell me you're saving up for a bar? I guess I just wanted you to know that, uh... well, I'm-I'm trying, too. Well, it's about time, Wade Kinsella. (both laugh) Zoe, thank you... for everything. This night was magical. But... When the magic wears off, reality will still be here. And you have to deal with it. Yeah. I'll see you tomorrow. Hey, George. (groans) (Lavon groans) Okay, I-I... I did feel that. (Lavon sighs) I'm sorry, Daddy. You must be so disappointed in me. No. We all make mistakes. All of us do. It's okay. Do you think George... is gonna come back? I don't know. Tell you what I do know. (crying) Unlike your dear old dad, you... are resilient. No matter what happens, you will go on. That much I know. I can't sleep. Is everything okay? Hey, Magpie, why don't you go on back to bed? You know? I mean, you got school tomorrow. I want to help. What can I do? Um, you can, um... ...make a list of all the people that we need to call to tell them that the wedding is off. Okay, but don't make me call Aunt Lavinia. (laughs) (knocking) ♪ ♪ George, where have you been? Are you okay? (sighs) How could you... do that, Lemon? How... How could you do that to me? How could you do that to us? I loved you, Lemon. So, no, I am not okay. I am hurt, and I am... I am angry! (crying) I know. I know. (crying) (groans softly) So, how was New Orleans? I had a perfect night. Well, almost perfect. But you were right. It's too soon for George to start a new relationship. So I'm glad that we came home before we both did something we'd regret. You seem oddly, uh... What is that look on your face? Hope. 'Cause now I know that George and I would be... that we could be great together. Wow. I really hope everything works out for you. I do. ♪ ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 