Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x12 - Clash of the Tritons - Veronica Mars 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x12 - Clash of the Tritons https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=874&t=32681 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/30/19 14:16 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x12 - Clash of the Tritons 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Previously on Veronica Mars ...  
 Lilly cleans a car at the pep squad car wash (from 101 Pilot).  
 VERONICA: God, Lilly, I see the Prozac's working. 
LILLY: I've got a secret. A good one.  
 Cut to Lilly 's body and a shocked Veronica in Keith' s arms from the same episode.  
 REBECCA: [Offscreen] Socially, it seems to be a bit ...  
 Cut to Rebecca James' office (from 103 "Meet John Smith").  
 REBECCA: ... isolated. 
KEITH: I'd say Veronica's doing pretty well, given the circumstances. 
REBECCA: I know how close she was with Lilly Kane.  
 Cut to dead Lilly appearing to Duncan from the same episode.  
 LILLY: The truth is gonna come out. It does not add up. 
DUNCAN: Lilly? 
LILLY: What? You forgot about me already?  
 Duncan jerks himself awake. Cut to Logan, pulling down Weevil's wifebeater to expose her Lilly tattoo and get aggressive (from 107 "The Girl Next Door").  
 WEEVIL: What are you doing? 
LOGAN: Why do you have Lilly's name on your arm? 
WEEVIL: You really wanna know? 
LOGAN: Yeah, I really wanna know!  
 Cut to Aaron signing autographs outside the gates to his house (from 106 "Return of the Kane").  
 LYNN: [Offscreen] My husband gets a lot of disturbing ...  
 Cut to Lynn in Keith 's Office (from 110 "An Echolls Family Christmas").  
 LYNN: ... letters from fans.  
 Cut to Aaron's spotted lover facing his at the Christmas party from the same episode. 
 AARON: I swear, I do not know you.  
 She stabs him, Lynn screams, Logan worriedly paces, Lynn rushes to the fallen Aaron, Veronica watches in disbelief. End previously. Veronica, sitting in a chair, waiting impatiently. Next to her, another student, wearing an MIT sweatshirt, bide his time with the chess board on his lap. It's 8:33 am.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: The word is out. Our illustrious Guidance Counselor has received a grant to study the effects of adolescence. She's demanding an audience with each other by Lilly's death. I was going to decline, then I had a thought. 
 There is a concussion outside the office of a pair of boys, or balklavas or ski masks, race past the door of their way down the school hallway.  
 VERONICA: Well there's something you do not see everyday. 
MIT GUY: Yeah. I can not wait to get out of Neptune. 
VERONICA: MIT, huh? 
MIT GUY: Early admission. 
VERONICA: Bet you're gonna miss this place when you're gone. 
MIT GUY: Not really. 
VERONICA: I did not think so.  
 They chuckle as footsteps approach.  
 REBECCA: [Offscreen] Veronica?  
 Rebecca James appears, carrying a file.  
 REBECCA: Sorry to make you wait. Come on in. 
 Cut to Rebecca's office as they enter. Rebecca heads around her desk and Veronica for the chair in front of it.  
 REBECCA: Do you remember when we talked last year, right after Lilly's death? You were ... inconsolable. I'm really hoping that this year, you're able to talk about it.  
 Veronica appears disinterested, concentrating instead on a stapler on Rebecca's desk which she picks up.  
 REBECCA: You know, you're never going to come back with Lilly's death. 
VERONICA: Wow. I have that exact same flatness-a-day calendar at home. It's how I know beauty comes from within. 
REBECCA: Look, Veronica, for whatever reason, I do not think you ... so much better, so if you prefer talking with someone else, that ' 
 Veronica, who has been playing with the stapler all over, snaps it shut, Rebecca to pause and sigh.  
 VERONICA: Sorry, that was tough. It's not you. It's the talking. I do not want to talk away my grievance. I want to turn it into something else. Fuel. I know how I'm gonna feel better.  
 Veronica is still fidgeting with the stapler and starts compressing it rapidly.  
 REBECCA: Veronica has a pained expression and shake of her head! 
VERONICA: [Stops] Yeah. Nervous clothes. 
 Veronica sets the stapler at the edge of the desk. It falls and she bends down. The desk blocks Rebecca's view so she does not see Veronica swap the stapler with an identical one in her bag. Veronica carefully places the new stapler on Rebecca's desk, adjusting its position.  
 REBECCA: So how's it going to find, uh, and I really hate it? 
VERONICA: I'll find closure when Lilly's killer's rotting away in prison.  
 Rebecca takes that in. Rick pores over some picture proofs. A teacher enters the room and approaches the teacher.  
 STUDENT: Miss Jeffries?  
 He hands a slip of paper, which she reads.  
 MS JEFFRIES: Rick! You're wanted in the office. 
 The student walks over to Rick and sets the slip of paper Rick has an uh-oh face. Cut to Rick in Clemmons office as he sits nervously on a small couch. Sheriff Lamb shut up the door.  
 CLEMMONS: The Sheriff is here- 
LAMB: Morning, Rick. How's your head this morning, a little bit of a hangover?  
 Lamb pulls up in front of him and gets in his face. Clemmons observes.  
 LAMB: That's nothing compared to your buddy Tim is feeling. Tim had to have a tube put down his throat so they could pump his stomach. He's in a coma, Rick. 
RICK: [Horrified] Oh my god. 
LAMB: According to a surveillance tape, your evening ended at 1:30 am when you dropped, and I dropped, an unconscious Tim outside the Neptune Memorial ER. 
RICK: II did not have a choice.  
 Lamb leans forward Rick's wrist, pushing up his sleeve. Rick has a variety of stamps on forearm.  
 LAMB: Right. Someone must have a gun to your head, do you have a pub crawl? By the way, how did you get into those bars? 
RICK: We got fake IDs.  
 Lamb holds out his hand, flexing his fingers with a "give" gesture. Rick goes into his pocket, pulls out his wallet and hands over the ID. 
 LAMB: You and half the kids in Neptune. [To Clemmons] These things have been popping up all over the place. The way I see it, they're coming from your school. [To Rick] I think you know who's making the fakes.  
 Rick hesitates. Lamb pats him on the leg and stalls, moving to the side of the room.  
 RICK: Look, Rick. The three of us? We're not leaving this cozy little room until you give me a name.  
 Rick stands and the camera focuses on his mouth as he says ... 
RICK: Veronica Mars.  
 Lamb looks at Clemmons who nods his head soberly. Cut to lamb and clemmons waiting for you outside Veronica's locker.  
 VERONICA: Sending out the big guns in the morning. I'm flattered. 
CLEMMONS: Veronica, the Sheriff wants to have a look inside your locker. 
VERONICA: Race he does.  
 Veronica starts to tumble the combination on her locker 
VERONICA: Just out of curiosity, what are you gentlemen hoping to find in here? Al Capone? The Lindbergh baby? 
LAMB: We have reason to believe that you are manufacturing and distributing fake drivers licenses. 
VERONICA: Ooo, that's a new one. 
LAMB: It's a second degree felony. 
VERONICA: Lord knows, I hate to disappoint you ...  
 Veronica sweaters open her locker. A load of blank IDs spill out. Lamb bends down and flicks through them (slight editing wrong in the reverse shot, he's still standing).  
 VERONICA: Wait a minute, those are not mine.  
 Lamb rises with one of the cards in his hand. He smirks. 
 LAMB: I'm gonna need to search your purse as well. Either we can do this here ... 
VERONICA: [Gasps] Or down at the station?  
 Veronica hands Lamb her bag. He grabs her wallet. Veronica takes a deep breath. Lamb looks through her cards.  
 LAMB: Lilly Kane's driver's license. Driver's license for a twenty two year old Veronica Mars. At San Diego State Student ID. Licensed massage therapist. 
VERONICA: Oh yeah. Those are mine.  
 Lamb pulls out handcuffs.  
 VERONICA: You really do not have to do that. 
LAMB: [Really smirking] You're right about that. But I'm going to anyway. 
CLEMMONS: And Veronica, do not bother coming back to school for the next three days. You're suspended. 
 Veronica is disbelieving but any protest is silenced by the ringing bell and students pouring into the hallway. Lamb is particularly satisfied with the presence of an audience and cuffs her.  
 STUDENT (sounds like CORNY): [Offscreen] You better call your daddy, Mars!  
 Veronica grimaces and nods at the help and advice Lamb leads her forward.  
 LOGAN: [Offscreen] Ah, it's your turn, huh? Ha ha.  
 Veronica is led by Logan who is enjoying the moment and gives her salute. A grinning girl in the crowd takes a snapshot as she passes.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Gosh, I hope they use that shot in the yearbook.  
 Opening credits. Open on Veronica, head on the table, in one of the interrogation rooms at the sheriff's department. Cliff enters, clearing his throat. 
 VERONICA: Know any good lawyers? 
CLIFF: Very cute. I know a suitable one who just posted your $ 500 lease. 
VERONICA: They take Diners Club here? Seriously, Cliff, thanks. 
CLIFF: It's quite all right. It's all part of my full service legal counsel. 
VERONICA: Is there any way you could not tell my dad about this? 
CLIFF: Why did not you call him? 
VERONICA: He's busy chasing a lease jumper in Arizona. 
CLIFF: Trust me, your dad's gonna find out one way or the other. Besides, I can not help but see you at the Courthouse. Next Tuesday, 9am. 
VERONICA: So, are we gonna beat this wrap? 
CLIFF: Well, possession, they've got you pretty cold on that one. The stuff in your wallet is Mickey Mouse. It's the IDs in the locker that they care about. 
VERONICA: They were blank. 
CLIFF: Right. So until the coma guy wakes up, the only thing they've gotten to know about this ring ID is the testimony of the other kid. 
VERONICA: What other kid? 
CLIFF: Your buddy ... Rick.  
 Cliff points to Rick, just passing the open door behind Veronica. She rises.  
 VERONICA: Excuse me? 
CLIFF: Hmm.  
 Veronica breeds out of the room and grabs Rick, pushing him against the wall.  
 VERONICA: Howdy, Rick. Do I know you? No. Then why'd you tell Sheriff Lamb I sold you a fake ID? 
RICK: It's ... it-it's what they told me to say. 
VERONICA: Who's they? 
RICK: No way. They're everywhere. They will destroy me. 
VERONICA: I'll destroy you worse. 
RICK: I can not talk about it here. 
VERONICA: Tomorrow in school, we talk. 
RICK: No! I just- I told you, it's got to be done in secret. 
VERONICA: Oh, it will be. You'll be hearing from me.  
 Veronica goes to walk away.  
 RICK: I thought you were expelled?  
 Veronica throws back an annoyed look and returns to the interrogation room. Cut to Mars Investigations. Veronica is working on her laptop at the table in front of the small couch. Wallace enters.  
 WALLACE: The Veronica woman. I heard it took place at your school. 
VERONICA: You must be the only student who does not see my walk of shame in person. 
WALLACE: I grabbed your books.  
 Veronica her bag.  
 WALLACE: And your homework from the teachers. 
VERONICA: I need to ask another favor. 
WALLACE: This mission better involve me seducing the head cheerleader. 
VERONICA: I need you to poke around and see if you can get me a fake ID. If you must be so cheerleader in order to fulfill your mission, so be it. 
WALLACE: No sweatshirt. How do I do that? 
VERONICA: Play on her insecurity. 
WALLACE: I meant the fake ID part. 
VERONICA: Okay. Let's pretend for a moment that this mythical head cheerleader of yours has just been asked you out on a date. In exchange for seven minutes in heaven, you have to go to the nightclub in Neptune or at least buy her a pack of strawberry wine coolers. The stakes are high, Wallace Fennell. Think, now. How would you do it?  
 Wallace thinks for a moment on the couch next to her. He puts his arm around his shoulder.  
 WALLACE: [Whispers conspiratorially] Hey, Veronica? 
VERONICA: Yeah? 
WALLACE: I need you to get a fake ID so I can get some fake action from a fake cheerleader. 
VERONICA: Wallace? 
WALLACE: Yeah? 
VERONICA: Please find out who else at school is making them. 
 Wallace smiles and nods. Cut to Neptune High. Logan's Xterra yellow pulls into the carpark. Logan turns off the ignition but breaks as he listens to the radio.  
 RADIO: If you're breathing, then you've heard about Aaron Echolls getting ginsued at his own Christmas party. Explain to me why a guy who's married to Lynn Echolls would like to bang the frigging help. It's like the old saying goes, show me a hot chick and I'll show you a guy who's tired of hitting that.  
 Logan is upset and turns off the radio. "All They Ever Do Is Talk" by Earlimart starts up.  
 SONG: If They come in just to meet you 
With broken words in monotone 
Just smile and take the picture 
Nothing hurts it's gone up to 
My New Year's Resolution 
' 
Talk.  
 Year 09er knocks on his window.  
 09ER: Logan! 
LOGAN: [Shaky] Yeah. Be right there.  
 The 09er wanders off while Logan tries to compose himself. Cut to Logan entering the school, heading for his locker. Students stare at him. Cut to Logan's locker where newspaper and magazine clippings about Aaron, Lynn and Aaron's attacker from 110 "An Echolls Family Christmas" have been pastes. Hector, the biker, is one of a number of students crowded around the locker, reading them. Students point as he gets his locker. Hector is too engrossed in his reading. Logan sees the clippings, then looks at Hector.  
 HECTOR: In my humble opinion, your mom's totally hotter. 
LOGAN: You shut the hell up.  
 Logan grabs Hector's shirt and they grapple as Logan throws him against the lockers on the other side, then steps back.  
 HECTOR: Big mistake, sound.  
 Hector lunges towards him and knees in the snout, facelift Logan off his feet. Hector then punches him in the face, sending crashing into the lockers. Hector does his hyena laugh, pointing at Logan. Logan rolls off the locker and runs Hector back into the opposite lockers The gym teacher from 108 "Like a Virgin" has Logan.  
 GYM TEACHER: Break it up! Break it up. 
LOGAN: Get off! 
GYM TEACHER: It's enough. 
 Logan struggles for a moment, then holds up his hands. Earlimart finishes and there is a cut to Weevil sitting opposite Rebecca in her office.  
 WEEVIL: To tell you the truth, II ... I really do not remember that week. 
REBECCA: Hmm. You do not remember being in this office? You slammed the flesh against the wall, Eli. The last time that we put it that Lilly's death had a deep way. 
WEEVIL: Well, yeah. I was mad. You know, the same day Lilly Kane died, a little girl went missing in my neighborhood. They found her body three months later. Where were the cameras when she went missing, where was the grievance counselling for her? 
REBECCA: What happened to Marisol Reyes, Eli, was a tragedy. People do care ... 
 Having panned down to the stapler on Rebecca's desk, the scene cuts to Veronica tuning in her radio until she picks up the transmission from the bug in the stapler. The car is covered with a blue tarpaulin and Veronica is bathed in its blue light. She sits back to listen.  
 REBECCA: [Offscreen] ... Right now Lilly, okay. 
WEEVIL: [Offscreen] Oh, well then, why do not you call some of your rich, white friends in here? 
REBECCA: [Offscreen] I want you to listen to something.  
 Cut back to Rebecca's office. 
 REBECCA: It's a letter you wrote. [Reads] You tore my heart out. You can not stop at nothing but you, but you can not stop me from loving yourself. For the rest of your life, wherever you go, I'll always be there, just out of sight, in the shadows. 
WEEVIL: You know, I do not remember cc'ing you on that. 
REBECCA: Lilly wanted to be part of your class last year, she was having trouble with a boy. She gave me these to prove it.  
 Weevil shakes his head.  
 WEEVIL: I never would have hurt her. Look, the cops already rubbed my nose in those letters so what-what ...  
 Cut to the shocked face of Veronica.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Lilly and Weevil? 
REBECCA: [Offscreen] Look, Eli, I did not bring you in here to embarrass you. 
 Cut back to Rebecca's office.  
 REBECCA: I asked you why these things. 
WEEVIL: Her and Logan had just broken up. And uh, Lilly sweetheart, it's a nightmare! [Tearfully] And ... she was someone I could have loved, you know? And she felt it too, I know she did.  
 Rebecca Gases at him sympathetically. Cut to Veronica who shakes her head.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Why did not Lilly tell about him? Was weevil her big secret?  
 Cut to the outside area of ​​the school. A cell rings. Rick answers.  
 RICK: Hello?  
 Cut to Veronica, still in her car.  
 VERONICA: Back parking lot, fourth row. 
 Cut to the parking lot as Rick looks for Veronica. One of the cars is covered in blue tarpaulin. Rick still has his cell to his ear. The scene cuts between him and Veronica.  
 RICK: Where are you? 
VERONICA: Is anyone watching you? 
RICK: No, I do not think so.  
 Veronica disconnects the phone and opens the door. Rick is surprised to see the tarpaulin move to Veronica's voice.  
 VERONICA: Slide on in.  
 Rick does and joins Veronica in the car, sitting in the back seat. Veronica shuts the door and turns to face him.  
 VERONICA: So where were we? Right! Who framed me? 
RICK: They're called the Tritons. It's a secret society at school. 
VERONICA: Why have not I heard of them? [Breaks] Stupid question. Keep going. 
RICK: [Sighs heavily] The Tritons have been around as long as Neptune High. Six new members are inducted in junior year by the six seniors. Tim and I were among their pledges. 
VERONICA: Who's in charge? 
RICK: No one knows for sure who the brothers are. 
VERONICA: Then who invited you to join? 
RICK: Two weeks ago, I found a note in my locker.  
 Flashback to Rick arriving at his bottom locker. He is a small envelope with a shell symbol on the front. Cut back to Veronica's car.  
 VERONICA: So this was all part of a hazing ritual? 
RICK: The twelve plows. The first few challenges were not so bad. But on Friday when I opened my locker, I found a fake ID with my yearbook picture on it. The instructions said we were supposed to go to a bunch of bars and have a shot at each of 'em. 
VERONICA: Let me guess. Twelve? 
RICK: Tim passed out at the eleventh. All the other pledges freaked out and left me to take care of him so much. 
VERONICA: If they're so secret, how do you know all this? 
RICK: My dad was a Triton. So were my two older brothers.  
 Flashback to the journalism class. Clemmons office is placed next to him, folded. On the back, with the symbol of a shell conch, is written: Blame Veronica Mars. 
 RICK: [Offscreen] All I have been staying at.  
 Cut back to Veronica's car.  
 RICK: If they found out that I betrayed their secrets, let's just say I'd be better off in jail. These guys will destroy your life, it's their mission statement. 
VERONICA: So that's your defense? That you were just following orders? [She makes a 'wrong answer' buzzer sound] That does not cut it, Rick. 
RICK: I know that now and I'm sorry. You've gotta believe me. After what they did to Tim? And now his family's threatening to sue me. I can not even talk to my own dad about it. He calls me a coward and a traitor for what I did. But how can I belong to my favorite friend? All I want now is for the Tritons to go down. 
VERONICA: So, who are the other pledges? 
RICK: Anyone who's anyone. The Tritons supposedly the best guys in everything: academics, sports ... they're pretty much the six guys you'd expect. 
VERONICA: I want their names. 
RICK: Harry Diddon, Steve Argo, Matt Barron, Duncan Kane. 
VERONICA VOICEOVER: So if I follow Duncan, I can find the Tritons.  
 Cut to Veronica planting a tracker on Duncan's car. Cut to Logan waiting outside the school administration office. Aaron can be seen inside, talking to Clemmons. Logan is flexing and shaking his right hand. Aaron exits the office.  
 AARON: [To Clemmons] Thanks, I appreciate it. Logan, let's go.  
 Logan stands and walks briskly with his father.  
 LOGAN: How long did I get? 
AARON: You're not being suspended. The Vice Principal is here on Friday for a disciplinary conference.  
 They reach the outside.  
 AARON: Listen. I'm not happy that you've been fighting but I'm proud of you for sticking up for your mother.  
 Logan pulls up to a stop.  
 LOGAN: [Contemptuously] You're proud of me! 
AARON: Yeah. 
LOGAN: Oh great. Good. I can die happy.  
 Logan turns to walk Aaron grabs his arm and jerks back to him, Aaron's other hand on Logan's shoulder.  
 AARON: You keep smarting off and I'll help arrange it.  
 Logan looks beyond Aaron and eases off any reaction. Lynn, smiling, approaches them.  
 LYNN: Is everything okay? 
 Cut to Mars Investigations. Cliff is sitting at Veronica's desk with his feet up, reading the newspaper, the "Neptune Register". Veronica enters.  
 VERONICA: Sorry Cliff, I'm late.  
 Cliff subtly jerks his head back and widens his eyes, nodding towards the small kitchen as Keith enters from it. Veronica turns and sees her father.  
 VERONICA: Hi, Dad. Their case is fuzzy and circumstantial. 
KEITH: [Laughs] You know the odd thing? Those were also very first words. 
VERONICA: I think I've got a good lead on who's making the fake IDs. It's a secret society at school called the Tritons. Rick told me that he was bullied into turning me in. I'm positive they're the ones who set the blanks in my locker. 
KEITH: Look, Veronica. The criminal case is the least of our problems. 
CLIFF: Tim's parents are suing. 
VERONICA: Us? 
CLIFF: And pretty much everyone else involved in their night of debauchery. Every bar in town is gonna be named in the following. The thing could be worth millions.  
 Veronica is abashed as the two men stare down at her. Cut to later at Mars Investigations. Keith is lying on the small couch. Aaron enters carrying a stack of magazines.  
 KEITH: Aaron! Come on in. 
AARON: Thank you. 
KEITH: So, how's it going? Do you need anything? 
AARON: Uh ... yeah, some water would be good.  
 Keith goes to the kitchen as Aaron eases himself painfully down onto the couch. 
 AARON: So, I, uh, I guess I should have canceled that party after all, huh?  
 Keith, retuning with a bottle of water, smiles and sits down next to him. Aaron takes a couple of tablets and downs them with a swig of the water.  
 KEITH: So. How do you hangin 'in. 
AARON: Hmm. This [pointing to his side] I can not do it [pushing the magazines towards Keith] ... I've been trying to regain my family's trust. 
 Keith picks up one of the magazines, "Strike". Two small headlines at the top read: Drugs & Booze - Lindsey living debauched lifestyle with drug & alcohol orgies - Friends say Imminent Rehab and Worth $ 15M ?! Studio execs guarantee Crinkshaw highest contract in movie history - Wasted Money? We are accompanied by small headshots of the subjects. Victoria Fletcher - Getting Hotter and Hotter. But the main picture is Aaron under the headline: Two-Timing Aaron! 
AARON: And I meant what I said when I told you that I was going to give it all ... but these stories. I mean they're tearing my family apart. My daughter Trina's the only one who will talk to me anymore. I can not blame Logan or his mother, I just ... 
KEITH: Any idea who could know such intimate details about you? 
AARON: Paparazzi. But then again they would have printed the stories right away. Someone on my staff? 
KEITH: Jealous boyfriend or husband? 
AARON: That's a possibility. 
KEITH: Well, let me dig around. 
AARON: Listen. My wife's really fragile. I do not know how much more scandal she can take. 
KEITH: Let me see what I can do.  
 Keith squeezes Aaron's arm in comfort. Cut to Veronica at home, curled up on the couch, reading a book.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Triton, sound of Neptune, the god of the sea Triton commands the dark waters and all creatures within. 
 There is an illustration showing Triton using a conch shell as a horn. Veronica looks up to the knock on the door, immediately followed by Wallace.  
 WALLACE: Trick or treat. 
VERONICA: What's the news? 
WALLACE: Nobody is talking about everything about fake IDs.  
 Veronica gives a big sigh of frustration.  
 WALLACE: But then, this afternoon, a kid from my biology class comes into Sac'n'Pac, buys a six pack from my boss, like it was no problem. 
VERONICA: Did you figure out where he got his fake? 
WALLACE: Slow down. This is my story. Follow me to the parking lot and I was like "Yo, fella, check it out." You're on "Candid Camera"  
 Wallace replicates his pointing out cameras and Veronica laughs. 
 WALLACE: Gave him the four-on-one on our video playback capabilities, you know, leaned on him. Like I was Shaft or somethin '. 
VERONICA: Shut yo 'mouth! 
WALLACE: Long story short- 
VERONICA: Ha! 
WALLACE: The guy is asking for a mystery locker at school. 
VERONICA: Ooo, I like it already. 
WALLACE: Here's how it works. One of your first two things in the morning. Come in, brand spanking new license that says you were born in 1983 arrives in your locker. 
VERONICA: Are you willing to put $ 250 into some strange locker just to see if this works? 
WALLACE: Hell, no. I'm using your money. 
 Veronica snorts. Cut to a janitor polishing the hallway at Neptune High, outside the administration office. On the floor is a circle. The outer part is green and has the words "Neptune Pirates". The inner circle has a representation of water. Over both, a compass star is set and at it very center, is a symbol, small and hard to see. Veronica walks up the hallway and stops, looking down at it.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: How many times did I walk through the main hallway? And how many times have we not noticed that our school insignia includes Trinton's conch shell.  
 Veronica looks over at the janitor who disappears around a corner. She heads for the glass cabinet next to the school administration office, and unlocks it. 
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: According to Wallace, one-ten locker is not assigned to anyone in school. If it is possible to provide a fake ID, it is possible to have one of these locks. This is made tougher, though not impossible, by my suspension.  
 Veronica rearranges the existing display to the bottom shelf. She places a new banner at the back of the bottom shelf: The camera see what the eye so often misses. - To Adams. She then sets out a number of cameras, one of which focuses on one-ten locker. She sets the camera to continuous and then time-lapse movie at 30s intervals.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Then Wallace will drop the two fifty in the mystery locker. 
 Cut to Wallace doing just that. Cut to Rebecca's office. The door opens and she looks up.  
 REBECCA: Thanks for coming in, Logan.  
 The camera pans round Logan, entering her office.  
 LOGAN: Thanks for getting me out of a calculus class, Becky. 
REBECCA: It's Miss James please.  
 Cut to Veronica at her listening post in the car. She is up and pays close attention.  
 LOGAN: [Offscreen] So the week Lilly died would have been our second anniversary.  
 Cut back to Rebecca's office where Logan is now seated opposite her.  
 LOGAN: We were together since junior high. 
REBECCA: Off and on? 
LOGAN: [Softly] Yeah, off and on. 
REBECCA: And at the time of her murder you were- 
LOGAN: [Sharply] Off! [More calmly] Temporarily. 
REBECCA: Why were you broken up? 
LOGAN: Uh, we were supposed to go to this party. And, uh, Lilly was pissed at me for something, [laughing without humor] I can not remember what, you know. And, uh ... Lilly stands me up. I'm going to get f*cked and f*cked [sighs] 
REBECCA: And Lilly! 
LOGAN: Nope, someone else did. You must know her. Word is you're real close with her dad. You could do better. 
REBECCA: You need to leave my personal life out of this, Logan. 
LOGAN: [Sarcastically] Yeah, let's not get this. 
REBECCA: You know what, it sounds like you blame Veronica. 
LOGAN: You know Veronica was my friend too.  
 Cut back to Veronica, looking stunned.  
 LOGAN: [Offscreen] And if she had not written to me ...  
 Cut back to Logan.  
 LOGAN: ... then Lilly and I would have stayed together. [Voice breaking] And Lilly would not have been alone that day. I would have been there. So, yeah, I blame Veronica. [Breaks, then lets out a deep breath] And I blame myself for being stupid and I blame Lilly for being a bitch that week. 
REBECCA: You know there is another one, Logan. If you'd be together, you might be dead too.  
 Logan laughs mirthlessly.  
 LOGAN: And what is so great about living. 
 Cut to Veronica pondering what she has heard. Cut to a tracker. It's on Veronica's laptop. She is sitting at her desk at home. Wallace knocks and enters her room. Veronica does not look up.  
 VERONICA Hey, Wallace. How was practice? 
WALLACE: [Excitedly] I was on fire out there. Three point line, hand in my face, fade away like Jordan! Boom!  
 Wallace accompanies this action with the action of the basketball court Veronica is aiming at the computer.  
 VERONICA: Great. 
WALLACE: 'Race you're not listening to I say. So I might have said, "blah blah blah, blah, blabbity blah blah." 
VERONICA: Mm-hm. How'd you like to go on a little field trip? Duncan's on the move and if we hurry, 
WALLACE: Actually, I planned on hitting a few bars. I found this little beauty in my locker after seventh period.  
 Wallace holds out an ID card. This gets Veronica's attention and she jumps up to grab it.  
 VERONICA: Let me see that.  
 Veronica examines it and pulls a face.  
 VERONICA: The ink is bleeding at the edges, the hologram is missing and the peering closely ... the photo ... is your yearbook picture, Wallace? 
WALLACE: So what? 
VERONICA: So this is a $ 250 piece of crap. Now I'm not just falsely accused, I'm genuinely offended.  
 Cut to Veronica and Wallace coming down the stairs into a club.  
 VERONICA: All right, all I've heard, these guys are bad news, so I want you to be careful. 
 They can hear someone singing "Swing Low Sweet Chariot", very badly.  
 WALLACE: [Teasing in a little boy voice] I'm afraid, Veronica! I'm afraid!  
 Veronica shakes her head at him and steps forward into the body of the club. The singer is Duncan.  
 DUNCAN: [Singing off key] Swing low, sweet trolley Coming for home. 
VERONICA VOICEOVER: I'm sure the Triton Leaders consider this initiation painful for their pledges but honestly, are not we the true victims?  
 Duncan finishes and comes off the karaoke stage amidst boos. Three judges hold up scores; a two and two threes. Duncan walks straight into Veronica.  
 VERONICA: Nice performance, Duncan. I was wondering if you could introduce me to a few of your Triton buddies. 
DUNCAN: Brawny gods just flocked up to quiz and vex him. 
VERONICA: If you could just tell me who's in charge then I can [Veronica pulls him round as he tries to pass her] personally thank you for putting fake IDs in my locker and getting me off to the sheriff's department. 
DUNCAN: Quick wafting zephyrs vex bold Jim, I ... 
VERONICA: That's very illuminating. Forget about me for a second. Tell me about Sunday night, you know that the Tritons are responsible for putting a kid in the hospital, right?  
 Duncan shakes his head.  
 VERONICA: Tim is in a coma right now because of your secret club forced him to do. Can you live with that, Duncan? 
DUNCAN: The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog, I ... 
VERONICA: Ugh. 
 Veronica walks away from him in disgust to the strained version of "On Top of Old Smokey" coming from the stage. Wallace follows. Duncan lets out a sigh of relief. Later, Wallace and Veronica are sitting on stools at a raised table. An even worse singer is massacring "The Hokey Pokey".  
 VERONICA: Let's get out of here. This is going nowhere.  
 Wallace spots Duncan coming towards them.  
 WALLACE: Heads up. Looks like your boy's having second thoughts.  
 Duncan gets them.  
 VERONICA: Are you ready to talk?  
 He does not know how to do it. He leaves as Veronica reads the note.  
 VERONICA: The judges hold the vital scores. You shall hear my voice once I've heard your. The Great Triton. 
 She looks up quizzically at Wallace but he is too happy with the karaoke singer who is just finishing to the sound of boos.  
 KARAOKE SINGER: Aw, what's up? What's up?  
 He shrugs and leaves the stage. The master of ceremonies steps up.  
 MC: Next up we have ... Veronica Mars!  
 Veronica's eyes widen with shock. The MC puts his hand on his eyes to the face of the crowd. "Sing" with increasing insistence, stamping their feet and pounding tables. Veronica looks at the note again, then back at the stage. Finally she goes to the stage and whispers in the MC's ear. The crowd clap in anticipation. The opening of Blondie's "One Way or Another" rings out.  
 VERONICA: This song goes out to my friends in the Tritons. 
 Wallace gives her two thumbs up from the crowd 
VERONICA: [Singing] One way or another I'm gonna get ya I'm gonna getcha, getcha, getcha, getcha One way or another I'm gonna win ya I'll getcha, I'll getcha One way or another I'm gonna see ya I'm gonna meetcha, meetcha, meetcha, meetcha. One day, maybe next week I'm gonna meetcha. I'm gonna meetcha, I'll meetcha. I'll walk down the mall, stand over by the wall Where do you come from, find out who is there? getcha, getcha, getcha, getcha Getcha, getcha, getcha, getcha One way or another I'm gonna getcha, I'll getcha I'll getcha, getcha, getcha, getcha One way or another I'm gonna getcha, I 'll getcha I'll getcha, getcha, getcha, 
 The crowd goes crazy, particularly Wallace and the judges give her nines and tens. Duncan beams.  
 VERONICA: Thank you.  
 She hands the mike to the MC who gives her another note. She heads back to Wallace.  
 MC: Let's go for Veronica Mars! 
WALLACE: Nice job, see  
 you in the bathroom - Alone. She whips rounds and heads for the bathroom. The room is baroque with candles and graffiti. She approaches closed stalls.  
 
 
 
 VERONICA: Hello? 
VOICE FROM THE STALLS: The Great Triton is listening. 
VERONICA: I wanna know why you've got those IDs in my locker. 
VOICE FROM THE STALLS: The Great Triton did it to you because it's great. 
VERONICA: Yeah, you're a real pal unless you need a ride to the hospital. 
VOICE FROM THE STALLS: The Great Triton ... does not really know what you're talking about.  
 Veronica kicks open the stall door. Inside, a boy is sitting on the toilet. He looks taken aback.  
 VERONICA: Who are you? 
JEFF: Jeff. 
VERONICA: What are you doing in here? 
JEFF: Some dude, he gave me twenty bucks. He said he wanted to be a prank on one of his friends.  
 Jeff clicks his fingers and grins. Veronica spins on her heel, fed up, and closes the door on him, leaving the bathroom. Cut to Veronica picking the lock on the glass cabinet at Neptune High. She retrieves the digital movie from the camera. Cut to her exiting the school. Rick runs after her. 
 RICK: Veronica! They found out. I do not know how they are here I've been talking to you. 
VERONICA: Easy! What happened? 
RICK: Last night, there was a knock on the door. When I opened it, I found a rat. They nailed the thing alive to the front door. 
VERONICA: Pull it together, Rick. We've a seven figure lawsuit to worry about. There's no doing this thing halfway. We have to make sure what happens to Tim never happens again.  
 Rick backs away from her, all scared. Cut to Rebecca's office. Duncan knocks on her open door, then enters, closing the door behind him.  
 REBECCA: You missed our last three appointments. 
DUNCAN: I'm sorry. I've been buried. Thanks for waiting around for me. 
 Veronica, listening in the car.  
 DUNCAN: [Offscreen] Lilly used to make this face when my mom was doing it.  
 Cut back to Rebecca's office.  
 DUNCAN: So I-I'd try to look at her goal I could like, feel her making the face at me. And that's what it's like, all the time. I think she's watching me. It's like whenever I do anything, II can feel her there and she can see me. It-it's like I'm never, ever alone. I sound like a total psycho. 
REBECCA: You sound like someone who lost his sister. 
DUNCAN: [Smile] And his mind. 
REBECCA: How long have you been feeling like this? 
DUNCAN: Since I stopped taking my meds. 
REBECCA: Uh, does your doctor know about this?  
 Duncan chuckles and barely nods at Rebecca's concerned query.  
 REBECCA: Have you had any episodes? 
DUNCAN: Oh, I only stopped the anti-depressant. I'm still taking the old stand-bys.  
 Cut to Veronica with furrowed brow.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: What kind of episodes? 
DUNCAN: [Offscreen] I'm not stupid. 
VERONICA VOICEOVER: What kind of medication? 
REBECCA: [Offscreen] It does explain a lot.  
 Cut back to Rebecca's office. 
 REBECCA: The medication ... calmed you. Maybe even prohibited you from fully processing your sister's death. You know, all that has been suppressed for the past year, maybe it's ... finally making it's way to the surface. [Off Duncan's confused look] What, you do not agree? 
DUNCAN: I do not know. I think she's mad that I do not remember. 
REBECCA: Are you starting to forget about Lilly? 
DUNCAN: Oh, I remember Lilly. II just do not remember what happened. I remember being at soccer practice that morning. Then I was in the back of a limo and ... it was three days later and Lilly was dead an-and all that time in between was just ... gone.  
 Cut back to Veronica as it is a sharp rap through the tarpaulin. Veronica is peeved. 
 VERONICA: Are not you forgetting something, Wallace? The secret knock?  
 The tarpaulin is jerked away by three of the robed and hooded figures who writes open the door and grab Veronica.  
 VERONICA: Hey! Hey!  
 Cut to black pitch and the sound of Veronica struggling. A faint light shows her wriggle her hands free from the rope that binds them and she looks around. She is lying in an enclosed space. She pulls her cell out of her pocket and punches a number, breathing heavily.  
 VERONICA: Hey, Wallace, whatcha doin '? [Pauses to listen] Uh-huh. No, I have not seen that one. i> [Pauses to listen with impatience] Yes, Dave Chapel is great. Listen, the real reason I'm calling? Funny story .... 
 Cut to the exterior of the LeBaron's boot where the keys are in the lock. Cut to Veronica with breathing is labored, stuck inside. Cut to an overhead shot of the LeBaron with the tarpaulin on the ground and the driver's door wide open. Cut to Veronica again and then outside as Wallace arrives and opens the boot. Veronica climbs out.  
 VERONICA: Thanks, Wallace.  
 She grabs the keys from him and races to the driver's side.  
 WALLACE: Uh, Veronica? I'm assuming you did not accidentally lock yourself in the trunk? 
VERONICA: [Getting into the car] I'll tell you later, Wallace. Right now Duncan and figure out where the Tritons are meeting tonight. 
 Wallace climbs in the passenger seat as Veronica puts the key in the ignition. As soon as she comes on the radio, she can hear chanting.  
 TRITONS: Triton. His of Neptune. Rise up from the dark sea wine.  
 Cut to the stapler on Rebecca's desk, then to Veronica, creeping round the corner of the school hallway.  
 TRITONS: Oh great one. With your horn, we summon you from beneath the terrible waves. With your horn, we summon your awesome powers. With your horn, we summon your unrivaled wisdom. 
 Veronica creeps closer to the scene of action which is the emblem on the floor outside the school administration office. Six initiates in white dresses are kneeling on the edge of the outer circle while one of the seniors in a green dress blows a conch shell. The other seniors, also in green dresses, stand behind the initiates.  
 SHELL-BLOWING TRITON: Congratulations. When you started this journey twelve days ago, you were told that it would be perilous. I am happy to say that this year, all the pledges have passed the Great Triton's test. 
VERONICA VOICEOVER: [Against more chanting] Oh yeah? Except for kid who almost drank himself to death. And the kid that you almost scared to death. 
SHELL-BLOWING TRITON: Tritons as your brothers.  
 The Tritons remove their hoods. Duncan is one of the initiates and the shell-blowing Triton is the MIT Veronica guy sat next to the school administration office. Veronica gets her camera ready as Duncan and the MIT guy shake hands. Veronica walks into position.  
 VERONICA: Hi everybody! Say repressed homosexuality.  
 Veronica takes pictures of the shocked Tritons.  
 VERONICA: Gotta boogie! 
 Veronica runs and the Tritons, somewhat encumbered by their dresses, race after her. They chase her through the halls and out of the school, where the LeBaron is waiting. Veronica runs up and down the carriage and Wallace peels away, leaving the Tritons standing. Cut to Veronica's bedroom.  
 WALLACE: [Thrilled] Man! Did you see me lay rubber in that LeBaron? 
VERONICA: Do not get carried away. [Sitting at her laptop] All right. Tritons are the ones operating the mystery locker. Match one of their faces in these shots with the frame of whoever picked up the two-fifty for your fake ID. Piece of cake. 
 Cut to sometime later. Veronica is still working, pulling up photos. Wallace appears to have crashed out on the floor with his back against the wardrobe. Veronica watches the time-lapse of the camera trained on locker one-ten.  
 VERONICA: This does not make sense. Someone had to open that locker. How else could they have gotten the money? How else could they have gotten Wallace's name? 
WALLACE: [Raising his head] Veronica, I'm still here, you know? 
VERONICA: One-ten is a top locker, right? 
WALLACE: Yeah. 
VERONICA: No one goes near it. [Comprehension dawns] I know how it went down. 
WALLACE: Great. Can I go home?  
 Cut to Keith slamming. Aaron is behind Keith. 
 KEITH: Aaron, thanks for stopping by. 
AARON: No problem, I'm gotta be at school for a parent conference. You were on the way. 
KEITH: I found out who's been selling the pictures. You're not gonna like it. 
AARON: It could not get much worse than it already is.  
 Keith's expression suggests otherwise. Cut to Veronica entering Lamb's office at the Sheriff's Department. She is carrying a large box of donuts.  
 LAMB: Your short date is not until next Tuesday, right? 
VERONICA: We might as well go ahead and cancel while while I'm here. 
LAMB: [Sniffs] Really? Why's that? 
VERONICA: Well I thought, for a change, you might be interested in having the real criminal stand trial. [Shrugs] In the meantime, I'm gonna have a seat in your living room, [waves a magazine] learn how to turn men into a new way of walking and wait for the bad guy.  
 Veronica plops herself in an armchair in the corner of Lamb's office.  
 LAMB: I do not have time for your games. 
VERONICA: And I do not have time to go wrong with a government issued document if I'm stuck here in your office. I'll make you a little deal, Lamb. [Rises and walks towards him] If I do not deliver the person who is in the hospital. at me. 
LAMB: [Sighs] What do I have to do? 
VERONICA: Just pick a name. [Getting out the yearbook] Write the name of any student on this post-it, put it in the envelope and have one of your minions drop it to locker one-ten. By the end of the day, that kid'll have a fake ID and you'll have a crook. And I'll be sittin 'over here, chillin' like a villain. 
 Veronica returns to the armchair and makes herself comfortable, flicking through her magazine. Lamb chooses a name from the yearbook and writes it on the post-it. He exits the office after giving her a long look. When he's gone, Veronica punches a number into her cell.  
 VERONICA: Hey, Rick. I'm down at the Sheriff's office. Hey, they're in the real bad guy this afternoon. Oh, and I found out who the Tritons are. You do not want to miss it. I'm going to nail 'em to the wall.  
 Cut to the bench under the glass display cabinet outside the school administration office at Neptune High. Logan and Lynn are sitting, waiting. Aaron arrives and joins them, Logan sitting in the middle.  
 AARON: [Casually] So ... [sitting] What was the plan?  
 Lynn knows she is busted. 
 AARON: Embarrass me? Destroy my career? Soften up public feeling for a generous divorce settlement? Turn me into Costner? 
LYNN: Course, you'd think of your career and your money before you'd think of the obvious. Did it ever happen to you, did you hurt me?  
 Logan, devastated, sits between them, staring at each of them, and the floor, in turn.  
 AARON: You had private detectives following me. 
LYNN: Only on location. The women here I've always known. 
LOGAN: [Sarcastic but with breaking voice] Gosh, Mom. Gee, Dad. Will I be going to live with Grandma? 
AARON: Listen to me. If you try to divorce me, I will leave you with nothing. No house. No career. No club memberships. No maid and no friends- 
LOGAN: [Explodes and threatens] Right, Dad! You say another word to her and I will kill you. 
LYNN: I can not take this anymore.  
 Lynn gets up and storms off. Aaron follows, leaving Logan gutted. Cut to a California flat license: ECHOLLS2. Lynn gets into her car, a red sporty number. She shakily grabs a plastic bottle of pills from her handbag. She takes some thrills and throws the bottle onto the passenger seat. She starts the car and races off. Cut to Lamb's office. Veronica is still lounging in the flesh. 
. 
LAMB: The thing about a felony load is, it does not get off your record just because you turn eighteen. It's like this black eye that you have the whole rest of your life. 
VERONICA: Ooo. 
 Veronica tears something out of the magazine as Rick arrives and knocks on Lamb's open office door and enters.  
 RICK: Is he here yet?  
 Veronica gets up from the flesh.  
 VERONICA: He just arrived.  
 Deputy Sacks enters.  
 SACKS: Uh, it's just like she said. Found the fake in his locker.  
 Sacks hands an ID to Lamb who examines it.  
 VERONICA: Process of elimination. I did not do it.  
 Rick looks from Veronica to the Sheriff.  
 RICK: What, me? Are you crazy? 
VERONICA: How else do you explain the two fifty in your wallet? 
LAMB: Cough it up. 
RICK: [Getting out of his wallet] Big deal, this money's mine. It does not prove anything. 
VERONICA: Why do not you take a closer look at the one on top. 
 Lamb grabs the money Rick has pulled from his wallet.  
 VERONICA: Read what's written over Grant's head. 
LAMB: [Reads] Veronica Mars is ... smarter than me. 
VERONICA: [Grinning and slapping his arm] Oh, you stop it! 
LAMB: So this is Rick's locker that Deputy Sacks put the envelope in this morning? 
VERONICA: Not exactly.  
 Flashback to Rick going to his bottom locker. Inside, he is going to the top of the top locker. He grabs the envelope and puts it in his pocket. Cut back to Lamb's Office. 
 VERONICA: The night went to the hospital, he and Rick were using their own fake IDs, buying their own drinks and enjoying the profits of their own fake ID biz. You were never hazed. You tried to blame the Tritons because you were pissed off at them. Your dad and your brother are Tritons but you did not measure up, did you Rick? You were not even invited to join their secret society.  
 Flashback to Rick approaching Veronica's locker and stuffing bland IDs through the slats.  
 VERONICA: [Offscreen] So when you were called into the office, you dumped a bunch of blank IDs and you blamed me. But why me?  
 Cut back to Lamb's Office.  
 VERONICA: Was it just because people would think that I did it? 
RICK: All right. Since you asked. Last year your dad was hired to track down a hedge fund manager for embezzlement. That was my father. Only the newspapers never mentioned that his company They took our house, they took our cars. Eventually, my parents got a divorce. You must be proud.  
 Veronica drops her head. "Feel So Free" by Ivy starts up. Cut to Veronica approaching Duncan in the car park at Neptune High, as he approaches his car.  
 VERONICA: Hey!  
 Duncan breaks and waits for her to join him. She hands him a folder.  
 VERONICA: These are for you. You look kinda cute in one of them. Surprised but ... cute. 
SONG: Ask me again 
I'll take my chances  
 Duncan flicks through them and laughs. 
 VERONICA: Your secret is safe with me. 
SONG: I do not know how to begin  
 Duncan nods.  
 DUNCAN: I heard that guy Tim came out of his coma. 
VERONICA: Yeah. 
SONG: You can not understand 
I have got no answers 
VERONICA: [Breaks and sighs] Look, I never should have doubted you, Duncan. 
SONG: I can not explain where I've been 
VERONICA: I'm sorry I came after the Tritons. 
DUNCAN: And who are the Tritons? 
SONG: I should have known better than  
 Veronica laughs and Duncan grins, patting her affectionately with the folder before getting into his car.  
 SONG: I Should've Known by now 
I should've Known Better 
I Should've Known by now 
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Another hole in Duncan's memory? At least he can joke about it. To pass him in the hallway, you'd never guess that anything was wrong. But I heard it out of his own mouth. So what exactly is your mystery, Duncan? And what other pills are you taking?  
 Veronica reaches and gets into her own car.  
 SONG: And I feel so free 
Yeah, I feel all right 
Never thought I'd feel 
Like I feel tonight  
 Cut to the sound of a helicopter as it circles and gradually pulls away from an abandoned red sports because we have a bridge.  
 RADIO: Dispatch, this is G12 requesting assistance for possible jumper on the Coronado Bridge. The abandoned vehicle is a red Dodge Viper, ECHOLLS 2 flat license blocking the northbound lane. 
DISPATCH: Roger that, 12.  
 The music swells. End. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 