Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x04 - The Wrath of Con - Veronica Mars 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x04 - The Wrath of Con https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=874&t=32623 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/25/19 11:36 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x04 - The Wrath of Con 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Previously on Veronica Mars ...  
 Flashback scene of Veronica's Lilly driving (from 102 "Credit Where Credit's Due").  
 VERONICA: Why does she hate me? 
LILLY: She'd hate anyone she thought that  
 Cut to present-day scene of Celeste and Duncan in the Kitchen Kane (from 103 "Meet John Smith").  
 LILLY: [Offscreen] Friendly advice. Watch her.  
 Cut back to them in the car.  
 LILLY: She'll break the two of you up if she can.  
 Various shots of Duncan (from 101 "The Pilot").  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Ducan Kane. He used to be my boyfriend.  
 Cut to Veronica racing to the murder scene (from 101 "The Pilot"). 
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: It's been a year since my best friend Lilly Kane was murdered. 
LOGAN: [Offscreen] That's my girlfriend.  
 Cut to Logan (from 101 "The Pilot").  
 LOGAN: Your friend.  
 Cut back to Lilly's body.  
 LOGAN: [Offscreen] Duncan's sister.  
 Cut to Kane Dining Table (from 103 "Meet John Smith").  
 CELESTE: I think we could be a little more patient, Jake. 
JAKE: We all lost Lilly and we all miss her. But that does not mean we stop living our lives.  
 Cut to hallucinated Lilly and a shocked Duncan (from 103 "Meet John Smith").  
 LILLY: The truth is gonna come out. It does not add up. You know that deep down inside.  
 Cut to school car park (from 102 "Credit Where Credit" 
 VERONICA: Just as God made me 
TROY: [Looped in] Do you need some help? [From original scene] I'm Troy. 
VERONICA: I'm Veronica.  
 End previously. Open on Veronica and Troy kissing outside the door to the Mars' apartment.  
 TROY: [Softly] OK. I'm uh, I'm really leaving now. 
VERONICA: OK.  
 She leans up and kisses him.  
 TROY: Seriously. 
VERONICA: [Whispers] See you.  
 She kisses him again.  
 TROY: OK. Good night, all right, no more. [Plants a final kiss] Good night. You know, uh, if we were the type of people who were going to school, this would probably be the time that I'd ask you to Homecoming Dance.  
 Veronica smiles and lets herself into the apartment. 
 TROY: [Softly, shaking his head] Oh boy.  
 Cut to inside. Veronica is still smiling in her father's room, sitting on the couch.  
 VERONICA: So, what did you think of him? 
KEITH: [Innocently] Oh, hey, you're home early. 
VERONICA: Oh hey, did you run his license plate? Or did you get fingerprints? 
KEITH: Sorry, honey, what? 
VERONICA: You know you're not fooling me. 
KEITH: OK. [Pause] Veronica, I have no idea what you're talking about.  
 Veronica lets out a puff of disbelief and heads for her room.  
 KEITH: Oh, hey, I forgot to tell ya. If he's gonna be kissing my daughter on my porch for eight and a half minutes, I'll need to meet him. Sweet dreams, honey. 
VERONICA: Is that really necessary? 
KEITH: He's taking up a lot of daddy-daughter time. I hardly get to see you. 
VERONICA: I see you constantly. 
KEITH Oh, sure. You see me but we do not do anything.  
 Veronica huffs and goes to her room. The broad smile is back as she sits, then lies back on her bed, enjoying the moment.  
 LILLY: [Offscreen] You buy Homecoming dress without me?  
 Cut to Veronica flashback, standing before an open wardrobe, holding a pink dress.  
 VERONICA: What? 
LILLY: [Offscreen] Why do you insist on [camera pans round to her] suppressing your hotness? The world is ready for you Veronica Mars. You do not have to blend in. 
VERONICA: I'm not trying to blend in. 
LILLY: [Reaching into the wardrobe] I mean, wha-, none of this reflects your personality at all. I'm- [pulling out a dress] why, why do you have this? You are not a yellow cotton dress. 
VERONICA: What am I? 
LILLY: You're like-you're [reaching in again] you're red satin. [Pushing her to the mirror] You are strapless red satin. [Putting a piece of red fabric against Veronica's chest from behind as Veronica looks in the mirror] Look at this. 
VERONICA: But there's no time for red, Lilly, the dance is tomorrow. 
LILLY: Oh, god, you, wait a minute. [Laughs] You know we're not really going to dance, right? 
VERONICA: Wait, what are you talking about? 
LILLY: The dance is just a lame excuse for a limo party. Logan has got all the refreshments taken care of so it's going to be amazing. 
VERONICA: No, I can not do that. You know my dad, he will find out and I'll get crushed. 
LILLY: [Dismissive puff] You'll get grounded. 
VERONICA: Severely. 
LILLY: Oh, whoop-of-frigging-doo, Veronica, I mean, grounding lasts what, a week? You are gonna remember this fun we have for the rest of your life. Trust me.  
 Lilly leaps onto Veronica's bed. Cut back to Veronica. Cut to Neptune High. Wallace is sitting on the floor in front of a load of files, looking at a large stack of files behind him. We will learn her name is Georgia 
WALLACE: [Jumping up] Let me help you with that 
GEORGIA: You have to let me do something, Wallace. Oo-oo  
 Just as Wallace reaches out, the files slide out of her arms. Wallace rescues some of the pile but the rest drop all over the floor.  
 GEORGIA: OK, that was the pile you just got finished alphabetizing, was not it? 
WALLACE: Actually, it was two batteries. 
GEORGIA: Who could be bigger spaz, seriously? 
WALLACE: Yes, you could have knocked over three piles. 
GEORGIA: I'm so sorry. You would have been here if it was not for me. 
WALLACE: Really not a problem. 
GEORGIA: OK, you can stop being nice. I know I ruined your whole night. 
WALLACE: Georgia! Trust me. You have it.  
 Georgia still looks really upset. She reaches out and hugs Wallace. 
 GEORGIA: I think I was something really stupid.  
 Wallace is grinning ear to ear. Georgia lets go of Wallace 's neck and stands back.  
 GEORGIA: See, I got this email ...  
 Cut to Veronica's second office, the girls room at Neptune High. Georgia is telling her story to Veronica while Wallace watches.  
 GEORGIA: This guy Karl is super-rich. A trust fund kid. And I guess he has a gambling problem and he gets into trouble  
 . Wallace races to the door and pushes the girl coming back out the door.  
 WALLACE: Overflowing toilets. Use the faculty restroom. 
 Wallace maintains a watch, listening at a distance. Georgia hands Veronica a copy of the email. She looks at it.  
 VERONICA: Well, okay, first of all, a trust fund kid does not send a message from a grantastic tech dot com domain. That's pure nerd. [Reading] Hey buddy, I know you've been in contact for a while but I'm hoping you can help. 
GEORGIA: He was offering over 200% interest. And I only had to pay for the money for two weeks. Until his 21st birthday when he gets his trust fund. 
VERONICA: So you called and told him you'd like to face the cash. 
GEORGIA: Yeah, and everything would've been fine if he would've paid me two weeks ago, like he said.  
 Veronica is looking for words that do not involve calling Georgia an idiot. 
 WALLACE: Everything's gonna be fine, okay Georgia. [Winking at her] We'll get him. 
VERONICA: Will we now?  
 Wallace grins and rolls his eyes to indicate that he wants to impress Georgia. Veronica already has her cell and has punched in a number.  
 VERONICA: [Into phone, very bouncy] Hi Karl, it's Amber. Um, I got an email from you, I guess by mistake but I think I can help you. Give me a call. 555-0196.  
 Veronica closes the cell just as the school bell rings.  
 VERONICA: And I'm late for bio, again. [To Georgia] Ten percent of whatever I recover.  
 Georgia, bemused, nods. Veronica starts to walk out of the world, she uses the cell again.  
 VERONICA: [Bouncy and dumb, into the phone] Hi! You've reached Amber. Leave me a message. 
 Wallace grins and mouths "Thank you" as Veronica passes to the door to leave the restroom. He looks back at Georgia and points at the Veronica departed.  
 WALLACE: Did I tell you?  
 Georgia, not totally sure of what is going on, smiles nervously. Opening credits. Scene opens in the journalism classroom. The students are watching the school television service, broadcast of which is underway.  
 TV: ... last day to buy homecoming tickets. No homecoming tickets for the dance will be sold after that time.  
 Veronica is not watching the broadcast, she is looking at a computer screen at the back. Logan comes into the classroom and sets his bag on the large central desk.  
 TV: Kicking off the homecoming festivities, the dedication of the Lilly Kane Memorial Fountain. 
 Veronica and Logan both look up at that.  
 TV: The Kane family would like to invite all students and faculty to attend the tribute and celebrate the memory of Neptune High's most beloved students.  
 Veronica has walked forward to this part of the broadcast and Logan notices her. Veronica looks at him and he will not sustain it, dropping his head down.  
 TV: And in other news ...  
 Cut to Veronica in the school hallway. She looks preoccupied. Troy sidles up beside her, full of the joys of spring, and walks with her.  
 TROY: You and me, Thursday night, I'm thinking mini-golf. It's what all the kids are doing. [Off her skeptical look] But you do not golf. 
VERONICA: My dad wants to meet you. 
TROY: That's cool. 
 Veronica has reached her locker and is dialling the combination.  
 TROY: I'll pick you up at the door. I mean I can not do it and wipe but that's no problem. 
VERONICA: My dad's a little intense.  
 She opens her locker.  
 TROY: Do not worry. I give good parent.  
 Troy leans down to kiss her. She smiles tenderly at her as she gets her books.  
 TROY: And just so I can make the appropriate arrangements. Homecoming is a go, right? 
VERONICA VOICEOVER: This should make me happy. 
VERONICA: [To Troy, trying to hide her uncertainty] Yeah, yeah, it'll be fun.  
 Troy strokes her arm and backs off and away. Veronica drops the face and is more ponderous. 
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: The big dance being a staple of every high school girl's fantasy.  
 Flashback to the Kane residence. Celeste is carrying a camera through the house.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: I've already lived the dream. Everything else seems like a cheap reminder. 
CELESTE: Lilly!  
 Long-haired Veronica comes into view. She is dressed in a long pink dress with spaghetti straps. She is pointing to a camcorder at Logan, who is posing in her tux and fancy waistcoat.  
 CELESTE: Lilly! Dear! Everyone is waiting.  
 Duncan is also in tux. Jake is sitting in a chair, watching Veronica and Logan fooling around.  
 DUNCAN: What the hell is she doing? How long does it take to put on a dress? 
CELESTE: Honey, you know your sister. It's not an entrance if she's on time.  
 Duncan huffs and groans. He walks back to Veronica who laughing at Logan, now dodging the camcorder.  
 DUNCAN: Maybe you should go and help her.  
 Lilly makes her entrance.  
 VERONICA: Ah-umm, I think she's got it covered.  
 Lilly is voluptuous and fabulous in a gold sequined backless dress. She does a slow-mo walk forward towards her audience, twirling as she goes. The front is a low cut, draped, halter held together at the breasts by a thin chain. The dress is split up at least one side. Jake stands at her approach and Logan walks up to meet her.  
 LOGAN: I believe Keanu Reeves said it best, when he said, Whoa!  
 Lilly laughs and proffers her cheek which Logan kisses. 
 LILLY: All right, let's, ah, [taking Logan's hand] Let's make the pictures before, um, glitter rubs off. 
LOGAN: [Laughing] OK.  
 They dance they're way over to Veronica and Duncan.  
 VERONICA: [Holding out the camcorder to Jake] Could you ... Mr. K- 
Jake: Oh yeah, of course.  
 The four friends get the boys behind their respective girlfriends. Jake with the camera and Celeste with the camera face them.  
 CELESTE: [Without feeling] You look very nice. [Indicating Lilly's exposed cleavage] Lilly, could you ... 
 Lilly is having none of it and it is becoming more of a cleavage. Duncan rolls his eyes to heaven in an amused, Veronica does a 'Oh my god but I'm impressed' and Logan grins.  
 LILLY: Hey, I'm only young once. How many years ago do I have left.  
 Celeste raises the camera and they start at different angles. The camera flashes, Jake keeps rolling and they have fun until Duncan spots the limo.  
 DUNCAN: All right. Let's go. 
CELESTE: Be careful 
JAKE: Be safe out there.  
 The party heads for the limo. Cut to present day. Veronica is still standing at her open locker, a look of loss on her face. Wallace comes up behind her as she closes her locker. 
 WALLACE: [In very chirpy mood] Ladies and gentlemen, Veronica Mars [Bopping] I've talked about that girl more than I did in the past four months combined.  
 Wallace has blown her blues and Veronica is smiling broadly.  
 VERONICA: Her bread is your pleasure? 
WALLACE: Hey, hey, I'm the cavalry. I get to save the day. [Off Veronica's look] Are we going to save the day? Right?  
 Veronica reaches for its ringing cell phone.  
 VERONICA: Hello?  
 On hearing the response, Veronica puts it on Wallace's arm.  
 VERONICA: [Adopting Amber's simper] Oh yeah, this is Amber.  
 Wallace gets his fingers excited and excited as he listens.  
 VERONICA: Oh my god, hi! [Breaks] Of course I can meet you today, 
 Veronica and Wallace walk ahead of shot just as Logan is passing behind them. He heads for Duncan, standing at his open locker. He has videos in his hand.  
 LOGAN: What are you doing? 
DUNCAN: Ah. My mother thought it would be nice to have a video of Lilly for the dedication ceremony. 
LOGAN: What, she wanted you to do it? 
DUNCAN: No my dad did. He wanted someone who knew her. 
LOGAN: Do you want me to do it, man? You know I'm awesome at this stuff. Come on, let me do it. I wanna do it.  
 Duncan nods his head and hands over the videos.  
 DUNCAN: Thanks man. 
LOGAN: Yeah. 
 Cut to Veronica, hair curly, skirt and cleavage exposed in a tight red sweater is the epitome of the blond bimbo. She has a flower in her hair. She is sitting on a bench in front of water. A man, who is going to be Karl, gets out of a car, carrying a backpack. Wallace and Georgia are watching from behind a Land Rover.  
 WALLACE: Is that him? 
GEORGIA: I do not think so.  
 Veronica sees her coming and pulling her shirt a little more.  
 KARL: Amber? 
VERONICA: Karl? 
KARL: That's me!  
 Veronica stands to greet him.  
 KARL: You must think I'm the biggest loser, [shaking hands] sending my friends emails, begging for money. I really do not know when this became my life. 
VERONICA: Well, gambling is an addiction. 
KARL: You know? It is, Amber. Thank you for understanding. You're saving my life. Literally.  
 Karl drops his backpack and sits down on the bench. Veronica follows suit. Wallace and Georgia continues to observe.  
 GEORGIA: That's not him. But I think Karl had the same outfit. He even had the same ugly backpack. 
WALLACE: Stay right here. 
GEORGIA: Be careful, Wallace.  
 Wallace beams at her and then walks around the Land Rover to the car Karl arrived in. He nonchalantly plants a tracking device on the rear bumper and then heads back to Georgia. Cut to the bench.  
 VERONICA: So, just so we're clear, the deal is I give you $ 3000 this week and you give me $ 6000 next week? 
KARL: On my 21st birthday. That's the day my trust fund is unlocked. 
VERONICA: [Grabbing her purse] So who do I make the check out? 
KARL: I'm sorry. Did not I tell you that it had to be in cash? 
VERONICA: Did you? 
KARL: Remember? I can not find anything at the bank because they are frozen ... until my birthday. 
VERONICA: Okay, I'll- ... it must be the hair. [Simpers] Blonde. Should we meet back here tomorrow? 
KARL: Tomorrow. Same time? 
VERONICA: [Nodding her head] Perfect.  
 Karl nods and bends down to retrieve his backpack.  
 VERONICA: Karl? I can trust you, right? 
KARL: You can trust me, Amber. [Raises his right hand] Hand to God. 
 Veronica simpers and smiles as Karl gets up and walks away. As soon as she is back, she drops the Amber persona, giving him a hard look. Cut to later. Karl exits his car, having parked in a street. He crosses the road, heading for a ramshackle looking building covered in graffiti. Veronica, tracker in hand, spots his car. Cut to her approaching the building, which is closer to the community, Circle Theater Company. The graffiti are posters. "Endgame" is on the bill. There is a small, glass-fronted display of the five players featuring Kevin Hand as Clove and Jimmy Spain aka Karl as Hamm. The three female cast members are not named.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: And where do you go when they're done conning for the day?  
 Veronica spots Jimmy Spain's photo. 
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: To a funky Bohemian theater for an avant-garde staging of a Beckett play, naturally. 
 Veronica tries to open the display but it is locked. She turns to the sound of a police siren as it goes past, then pulls the flower out of her hair. With the pin, she efficiently picks the lock. She opens the unit Jimmy's picture. Some of Jimmy's credits are typed on the back: "Lost In the Midst", Role of David (lead) - Summerland Theater Group, Neptune CA; "Aquarrena Commercial", Role of Salesman - 5 Mike Dam Productions, Neptune CA; "Twelfth Night", Chorus - Shakespeare Group, Neptune CA and "On Air", In - Slave Rat Productions Stand, Neptune, CA. Jimmy's details head the sheet (1536 Circle Heights, Neptune, CA 900800, 615-555-1078). Handwritten at the top of the list of roles is "Duped! Role of Karl - Recurring".  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: You ' 
 Veronica smiles. Cut to outside the theater. It is night. Jimmy comes out of the theater to a few admiring fans, indulge in some love-ness and then spots Veronica sitting on the hat of her car.  
 JIMMY: Hey, listen, I'll catch you guys later, okay? Hey, thanks man.  
 He reaches Veronica who has slipped off the car. She is holding his picture.  
 JIMMY: What are you doing here? 
VERONICA: I'm a huge Beckett fan. [Jimmy looks back at the theater] Hand to God!  
 Veronica mimic's raised right hand Jimmy used as Karl from the bench. 
 JIMMY: Wait a minute. This is part of the show, right? Naw, you're not gonna get me like that. [Looking around and shouting] T! Liam! You guys can come out, I'm not buying it.  
 Veronica looks around.  
 JIMMY: So ... is this part of the same episode or am I getting paid again? 
VERONICA: What are you talking about? 
JIMMY: "Duped!" 
VERONICA: [Looking at Jimmy's credits on the picture] What, you're telling me that "Duped!" is a show? 
JIMMY: Oh, I thought you were part of this. Yeah, it's one of those reality shows where people get duped into doing stupid things like giving some stranger their car or a bunch of money. 
VERONICA: There were no cameras! 
JIMMY: You're not supposed to see them, that ' s the whole point. Right? 
VERONICA: There's no show, Jimmy! 
JIMMY: Wh-wh-what are you talking about there's no show. I auditioned, I got cast! 
VERONICA: It's a scam. My friend, Georgia was duped about two weeks ago out of $ 6000 by some other trust fund Karl. 
JIMMY: N-no, no. 
VERONICA: How did you find out about this? 
JIMMY: [Gropes for his words] There was an ad in "Back Stage West". Open call but, you know, I'm between agents right now. They just called me today to tell me I got the job. 
VERONICA: Do you still have the number on your cell phone? 
JIMMY: Now wait. You're telling me there's no show? For real? This is not a dupe?  
 Veronica shakes her head. Jimmy gets his cell out of the different, backpack he is carrying. 
 JIMMY: [Handling the phone to Veronica] There it is.  
 Veronica takes the phone, glances at the number and punches redial.  
 JIMMY: Hey, what about my SAG points?  
 Cut to day. Veronica and Wallace are at school, walking down the corridor.  
 VERONICA: A pay phone that does not accept incoming calls. Shocker. From a place called Gameland. I guess it's a cybercafe but I'll check it out. 
WALLACE: Naw, it's not a cybercafe, it's a gaming club. It's like a bunch of computer nerds trying to blow each other up. Only girls they see in there are japanimated. So, you're not going to really blend. 
VERONICA: So I will not blend. 
 Cut to the gaming club. Liamator, Snake_Bite, Coppertop, Grrrantula, Tedster, Psyris, Kon_Artist, Kelly and Kill_Zone. Veronica arrives wearing a boy wig and dressed like Sailor Moon (schoolgirl killer) from "Kill Bill". She draws a lot of attention. Veronica approaches the guy in charge and swaps her ID for an ear piece.  
 VERONICA: Thanks. 
 He watches her as she moves into the depths of the club. Various gaming cat is going on and a lot of the nerds are still watching her. She spots two guys sitting on a couch facing a screen, playing the game. She strikes out for them, plonking herself down on the couch between them. The one on her left, who will be revealed as Liam, is irritated her company but the lad on her right, who IMBd quotes as named Ted, is more impressed. They go with their game.  
 LIAM: I have one word. Ownage. 
TED: I care 
LIAM: Aaaand, I just fried you again.  
 Veronica watches on the screen. Screen names for the characters come up when they are targeted. (Possible continuity problem) - Tedster seems to be Jezebel on screen and Liam is not Liamator but Coppertop. 
 TED: Ooohh.  
 She smiles then turns to Ted.  
 VERONICA: Can you watch my stuff? 
TED: Yeah.  
 Veronica pulls a piece of paper from her bag then leaves it on the couch as she gets up. She walks behind the couch to where the names of people are listed on the screen. She looks at the paper. It is a copy of Georgia's email for the scammer, whose email address is   e  karl@grrrantastic-tech.com  e  . She compares it with the screen.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Grrrantula, a gamer. Email from grrrantastic-tech. Coincidentally, I think not.  
 Veronica types "Gamegirl" into the new player login.  
 VERONICA: Gamegirl. 
 The screen admits her character and tells her to enter the game. She places the earpiece and walks back to the couch. She picks up a controller, takes a sweet offer by Ted and starts to play.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Now lets see if I can not get Grrrantula's attention.  
 She fires at various characters until she finds Grrrantula. The boy in question, who is called Grant, looks around the room on being hit.  
 LIAM: Stop killing your own team.  
 Veronica keeps shooting at Grrrantula.  
 GRANT: [Looking around again] Hey, cut the crap.  
 Veronica has heard the voice but has not She keeps shooting.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Come on, loser. Show yourself. 
GRANT: Hey! I'm on your team, lamer! 
 Veronica looks around but still has not identified him.  
 VERONICA: [To Ted] Wow! I'm really bad at this.  
 She keeps shooting Grrrantula. She gets him.  
 VERONICA: [Jumping to her feet] Ownage! 
GRANT: [Getting to his feet, angry] Hey, it's not owned, I'm on your team!  
 Veronica gets a good look at Grant. She plops herself back down again with a satisfied smile. Cut to a little later, Veronica going up to the counter. She hands back the earpiece.  
 VERONICA: Devlin.  
 The guy looks in the card index for an ID in the name of Devlin and can not find it.  
 GUY: What was the first name? 
VERONICA: Here [grabbing the box], it'll be faster. 
 She rummages through the guy is distracted by another customer. She finds the ID she used and Grant's and takes them both.  
 VERONICA: It was hiding under the Q's.  
 She leaves. Cut to a narrow college corridor.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Grrrant's ID shown in Lannigan Hall at San Diego State. A university known for its liberal arts, its picturesque campus and its parts.  
 Veronica has picked a flyer for "Beer in Bremen Around the World Tonight Party" from off a notice board. Cut to Veronica's room. Her hair is plaited around her head and she is trying a pair of glasses on Wallace.  
 WALLACE: It's not going to work. You can not take the cool out of me. [Poses] Look, pocket protector and I'm still full of pimp juice. 
VERONICA: [Taking the glasses off] Should not you be a little more dark for your poor scammed girlfriend? 
WALLACE: Now you know she's not my girlfriend so why are you trying to play it like that? 
VERONICA: Like what?  
 Veronica places a different pair of glasses on Wallace.  
 WALLACE: I like her or whatever. [Veronica is not satisfied and takes off again] Like we just got out of cheerleading practice. Guys do not do that. 
VERONICA: [Trying another pair on him] Okay. [Satisfied] Yeah. 
WALLACE: If a guy likes someone, he just likes her. He does not need to have a conversation about it 
VERONICA: [At the mirror] So you like her, but we ' 
WALLACE: Yes. 
VERONICA: [Smiles] Do you like her a lot? 
WALLACE: [Laughs] Yes, I like her a lot. Yes, I go two floors out of my way between classes so I can see her. Yes. I volunteer to reorganize the entire filing system of attendance, just so I can be in the same room with her. You happy? 
VERONICA: I still think you're a badass. 
WALLACE: And I am. And nobody's gonna buy me a nerd. 
VERONICA: You've already been bought. I called the resident advisor and I told him you were a prospective freshman. 
WALLACE: And they believe you because? 
VERONICA: Because I have a surprisingly convincing admissions assistant. Aim, tonight, you lucky boy, I'm all nerd hag. 
WALLACE: [Rubbing his hands together] Okay, let's get this party started because I am hungry for gratitude.  
 Veronica goes to follow Wallace as he exits the room but turns back to get her cell. As she picks up from the table, she sees a picture of Lilly, hidden behind some other pictures. She picks it up to reveal that it includes Logan, Duncan and herself, and was taken to the Kane's the night of the limo party. She reminisces. Flashback to the limo. The music is Thievery Corporation's "All That We Perceive". At the end of the road, Logan and Veronica are sitting in the back set. Duncan sits on the seat of the limo, Lilly is just settling next to him with her champagne. The sunroof is open at the stars.  
 LILLY: Okay, it's my turn? Logan. 
LOGAN: Truth. 
LILLY: What did you think of Veronica the first time you saw her. 
LOGAN: [Mumbling with embarrassment] I do not know, I thought she was hot. 
VERONICA: [Gasps] I was 12 when you moved here! 
LOGAN: Oh, and, like you were not working in your shorts and your kneesocks. 
VERONICA: That was my [punching him in the shoulder] soccer uniform! 
LOGAN: So, whatever! It totally worked! 
SONG: We feel endlessly  
 Duncan and Lilly laugh.  
 LOGAN: Okay, Lilly. 
LILLY: Dare. 
DUNCAN: [Snorts] Shocker. 
SONG: Beyond all gravity 
LOGAN: Okay, kiss someone in this limo.  
 He spreads his hands.  
 DUNCAN: [Snorts again] Come on, dude. 
SONG: Who are we, what we see  
 ?  
 LOGAN: Come on.  
 As she rises to the end of the limo, Logan readies himself to be kissed.  
 DUNCAN: Here we go. 
SONG: I can not understand  
 Lilly heads for him as he throws himself against Veronica to give Lilly lots of room. Veronica puts a hand on her eye Lilly goes to kiss Logan and he opens his mouth wide to receive. At the last minute, she swings over and kisses Veronica. Logan screams in delight. Veronica pushes her away, laughing.  
 SONG: Who are we, what we see 
DUNCAN: Oh no! 
LOGAN: [Clapping] A little girl on a girl action in the limo. 
DUNCAN: Oh, man! Dude! That's my sister and my girlfriend. 
SONG: I can not understand 
LOGAN: Yeah, dude, like that's not in the rotation.  
 Duncan reacts by shaking the bottle of champagne and spraying Logan. Lilly screams and scrunches close to Veronica to avoid the spray.  
 LOGAN: Dude, this is my dad's tux. 
DUNCAN: Did not know man. [He shakes the bottle harder and sprays him some more] Here. 
LOGAN: [As he lunges for Duncan] I'm soaked!  
 Logan chases Duncan out of the limo, which is parked at the beach. The chase continues, Duncan throws off his jacket Logan tries to tackle him. They wrestle in the sand. Veronica and Lilly, enjoying the show and laughing, sit back in the limo. 
 VERONICA: Our boyfriends are all class. Lilly pats Veronica's hand as she regains her breath.  
 LILLY: Yeah.  
 Cut back to Veronica staring at the photograph.  
 WALLACE: [From the door] Tick-tock! Very cute girl in need of our help right now.  
 Veronica hurries to join Wallace. Cut to the party. Music: "Diverse City" by Toby Mac. People are dressed in various 'around the world' costumes and the party is spread through several rooms. The resident advisor, wearing sombrero, comes around the corner, Veronica and Wallace trailing after him.  
 SONG: They call us Diverse City, we're colorful good It's like a freak show in your neighborhood So, if you wanna pray you can come on down Cause this freak show's leaving the ground 
RA: Yeah so, we're pretty chill around here. I mean, it's mostly, like, do not light stuff on fire, do not you get caught with drugs, you know? 
WALLACE: Cool. 
VERONICA: [Pointing to Grant] Hey, I think I know that guy. 
SONG: Up, up and away, baby we do not play, maybe you thought it was done for the day He said, she said, I said this, that you can not get away from your moment of bliss Stirring, we ' You shorts, tall ones, skinny ones, bigger, love is the gun and we pullin 'that trigger 
RA: Grant. Yeah, he's pretty famous around here. He's like a genius or something. Seeking over here [pointing at Liam]. They call them the Silicon Mafia. Basically, 
 Cut to later at the party.  
 MALE STUDENT: [Offscreen] This dude.  
 Camera pans round to a small knot of people talking. It's Veronica and Wallace talking to a couple of students.  
 MALE STUDENT: Got caught looking at Grant's laptop screen. 
FEMALE STUDENT: The next day in the history of probation ...  
 Cut to Veronica and Wallace listening and then to Grant and Liam across the room talking quietly.  
 FEMALE STUDENT: [Offscreen] ... because of his GPA dropped from a 3.8 to a 1.5. 
MALE STUDENT: [Offscreen] Overnight on the university computer system. 
FEMALE STUDENT: [Offscreen] And they have a security system ...  
 Cut to the students.  
 FEMALE STUDENT: ... like with laser beams. 
 The other student laughs and takes a swig of his beer. Cut to Wallace listening.  
 MALE STUDENT: [Offscreen] I think they're building robots or something. 
FEMALE STUDENT: [Offscreen] I felt the wall in the bed next to them and it was way hot. [Cut to her] Do you know how many grill lights? 
MALE STUDENT: The walls are so hot, it's because they have a million dollar bag of super computers. 
FEMALE STUDENT: That they bought with their weed money.  
 The students wander off, leaving Veronica and Wallace. Cut to later, the RA's office. Veronica runs in.  
 VERONICA: Um, it is okay for people to be shooting Roman Candles down the stairways. 
RA: Oohh, man. You know? 
 The RA grabs something out of his desk, pushing it closed as he exits. Veronica slips her purse into the drawer to stop it. She lifts her leg behind her to stop the door closing as she finds the right keys. She runs out to the room. Cut to Wallace. He is seated in a chair, including Grant.  
 GRANT: So, what do you plan in majoring in? 
WALLACE: [Uncertainly] Math. 
GRANT: Math, wow. So, what are you into? Accounts theory, PDEs, joint methods. What's your thing? 
WALLACE: I'm pretty interested in, ah, joint methods. 
GRANT: Hmm 
WALLACE: Right now. 
GRANT: For error estimation or neutrality? 
WALLACE: I know this is gonna sound kinda weird but ... I'm interested in both.  
 There are grunts of approval from his audience. Cut to Veronica. She has a group of party-goers and a door to a quieter part of the hall. The music can be heard - Radio 4's "Party Crashers."  
 SONG: The DJ is in from overseas He's breaking hearts, he's making beats  
 Jimmy on the board  
 SONG: Your hands are shaking as you hit the pavement Can not catch a break on 13th street 
 She opens the door, on which are various warnings, with the keys she took from the RA's desk. The room is dark and immediately upon entry is an alarm keypad on the wall. The alarm is beeping. Veronica examines it. Cut to Grant's interrogation of Wallace.  
 SONG: These days things seems strange 
GRANT: 'One can conjecture' or 'Fermat's last theorem'. Which better defines geometry in three dimensional space? 
SONG: These days things seems strange These days things seem strange  
 Wallace looks uncomfortably out of his depth. Back in the dorm room, Veronica has failed to stop the alarm going off.  
 SONG: They're taking over we think it over 
 Grant abruptly checks his cell, as it sounds. Veronica goes further into the dorm room. Liam enters.  
 LIAM: What the hell are you doing?  
 Liam gets up close to Veronica. In the meantime, Adam races out of the party. Cut to Liam escorting Veronica by her arm out of the room, into the hall.  
 VERONICA: [Playing drunk and dumb] They told me this was Sri Lanka. I wanted a coconut toddy. 
GRANT: Entering the hallway of the party What's hell going on? 
LIAM: We had an intruder. 
GRANT: How did you open the door? 
VERONICA: [Shrugs] I do not know, I just opened it. 
GRANT: It's impossible, it's always locked.  
 Veronica shrugs again as Liam spots and takes down Jimmy's picture from the book board.  
 LIAM: Grant. 
 Liam holds the picture out for Grant to see.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: And the real way the Silicon Mafia finances their empire comes clear.  
 Veronica sees Wallace enter the hallway. She groans and slides along the wall towards him.  
 WALLACE: Hey! 
VERONICA: I do not feel so good, Papa bear.  
 Wallace supports her as she pretends to heave and they exit, leaving Grant and Liam staring after them. Wallace and Veronica Stumble and Almost Falling One Another, Veronica still leaning on him. Once clear, she drops the act.  
 WALLACE: Papa bear. 
VERONICA: Never happened.  
 Cut to day. Veronica and Wallace enter the school.  
 WALLACE: My first college party. Drinking Pina Cola with a dude and talking about math. 
VERONICA: They're gotta be hiding something. I mean, an-an alarm that sends a message to your cell phone? What's wrong with a deadbolt?  
 Wallace falls back to gaze lovingly at Georgia who is at her locker.  
 VERONICA: Wow! You've got it bad. 
WALLACE: Nothing bad about this my friend.  
 Wallace heads over to Georgia. Veronica watches fondly for a moment and then goes on her way. Cut to the journalism classroom, empty except for Logan who is sitting at the central table, looking at a PC screen. He has a video in his hand. There is a movie playing on the screen with some music. Veronica is passing by in the hall. A voice drifts out of the movie Logan is constructing. 
 LILLY: [Offscreen] Mom, if you do not put the camera down, I will not go out there.  
 Veronica recognizes Lilly's voice, stops and goes into the classroom. Logan is watching the screen and making notes. He glances over and sees Veronica and returns to his notes. Veronica slowly walks closer, eyes fixed on the screen. Lilly, maybe two, with her arm on a couch which is a year old, flipping the page of a book in her bed, her doll next to her. Logan glances back and sees Veronica is still there. He returns to his notes.  
 LOGAN: What part of my ignorance do you think you're welcome? 
VERONICA: What are you doing? 
LOGAN: Assembling the world's most memorial video boring.  
 He snorts in derision then picks up the videos. 
 LOGAN: Ballet, ...  
 Cut to the computer screen. Lilly, now about six, is riding a horse or pony. She has a cowboy hat on her head.  
 LOGAN: [Offscreen] ... choir recital, beginner crap ...  
 Cut back to Logan and Veronica.  
 LOGAN: ... girl scouts. [Sighs heavily] Memories both misty and water-colored.  
 Logan makes to set the videos down but jerks his wrist to fling them down instead. On the screen, Lilly aged about six drives to Lego because, then Lilly aged about eight sings against a sparkling and colorful backdrop.  
 VERONICA: It's Lilly as a long-distance commercial. 
LOGAN: Well, it's not really about Lilly, is it. [Watches, then with a laugh] God, this would piss her off.  
 As Veronica watches, she remembers. 
 LILLY: [Offscreen] Come on, Veronica, it's your turn. Do not blade out.  
 Flashback to the beach of the limo party. Duncan who has the bottle. Logan is carrying the camcorder.  
 VERONICA: Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. I've never ...  
 As Veronica thinks, holding up her glass, Logan takes a swig of champagne and spits it into the water. He turns and walks backwards to watch.  
 VERONICA: ... gone skinny dipping.  
 The others express their surprise all at once.  
 LOGAN: Oh, I ... 
LILLY: Oooo ... 
DUNCAN: [Laughs] What?  
 Logan and Lilly take swigs. Duncan raises the bottle to his lips. 
 LILLY: That's just unacceptable. We're having something to do, Veronica Mars. 
LOGAN: Oh, oh okay. [Holding up the camcorder to record the reaction] I've never taken matters into my own hands in the boys' locker room after watching the cheerleader tryouts.  
 Duncan and Veronica both freeze at this and the party comes to a stop. Veronica gasps as Duncan stares at his best friend.  
 DUNCAN: Dude, you are so dead.  
 Logan and Lilly laugh as Veronica is open-mouthed.  
 LILLY: How pervy, Duncan! I am a little impressed though. 
LOGAN: You must drink, comrade.  
 Duncan signs heavily then raises the bottle to his lips. Logan is giggling. Veronica puts a hand on his arm as he does. 
 VERONICA: Wait! Please tell me that we were before we started dating.  
 Logan's giggle turns into laughter.  
 DUNCAN: Of course. [Desperately getting on to something else] I've never, um, I've-I've never seen my parents my parents having s*x.  
 Lilly drinks. Everyone gasps.  
 DUNCAN: No way.  
 Duncan is horrified, Logan laughs and Lilly nods.  
 LILLY: Yeah. 
DUNCAN: No way. 
LILLY: I Went Into Their room ... 
DUNCAN: No ... 
LILLY: ... to borrow Mom's black sweater, 
DUNCAN: ... Shhh, 
LILLY: Mom Was on top of Dad ... 
DUNCAN: I want you to shut up ...  
 Duncan goes to put a hand over Lilly's mouth.  
 LILLY: ... Hold on a second [something] ... 
 Instead he puts his hands over his eyes.  
 DUNCAN: Oh my god, I do not want to see this. 
Lilly:  
 Laughing, Veronica says that Logan ought to be a movie Duncan by pointing at Duncan. Logan's laughing too much to keep steady.  
 DUNCAN: Oh my god. 
LILLY: ... she was like this ...  
 Duncan is peeping out through his fingers.  
 LILLY: [Mimicking her mother, passionless] Oh, oh, [raising a hand to her moth to stifle to yawn] oh. 
DUNCAN: Lilly, that's so wrong. 
LILLY: I promised, but I think Dad probably thought so too. I've got one. I, um, have never had s*x. 
LOGAN: Ooh. 
DUNCAN: Huh? 
VERONICA: [Confused] Wait, what does that mean? 
LOGAN: This is a drink, if you are a virgin.  
 
 
 
 Veronica stands still, giggles and drinks. Logan laughs evilly. Duncan shakes his head.  
 DUNCAN: What the hell.  
 He raises the bottle and drinks to the whoops of his sister and Logan.  
 LILLY: Whoa, Duncan! I'm shocked. 
VERONICA: You are so cool.  
 Veronica leans up, puts her arms around her neck and kisses Duncan.  
 LOGAN: Oh, so cool, man ...  
 Logan and Lilly laugh then join in a group as Veronica and Duncan continue to kiss, Logan filming throughout.  
 LOGAN: [Mockingly] I love you, I love you, I ...  
 The kiss breaks off and they all laugh.  
 LILLY: Oh yeah ... 
LOGAN: Yeah. 
 Logan stretches his arm up to capture an overhead of the four of them.  
 DUNCAN: [In Veronica's ear] ... you're my girlfriend.  
 Happy time. Veronica is back in the classroom. She turns and walks away, leaving Logan at the screen. She looks back at her and the screen. She seems to have and idea and goes. Cut to Keith and Veronica.  
 KEITH: I do not think this really is a good quality time. 
VERONICA: I've never loved you more.  
 Keith puts on the jacket he is carrying. It is a DEA jacket.  
 VERONICA: It's a good cause. These guys are ripped off a friend at school. And there's a World's Great Dad trophy in your future. 
 Keith grabs Backup's lead. He carries on as Veronica halts outside. Keith gives his backwards wave as he heads to the campus. Cut to Keith and Backup being escorted to Grant and Liam's room by the RA.  
 KEITH: We were flying with the heat seeking cameras. Came across some high intensity discharge lamps. Looks like someone's cultivating a little MaryJ.  
 Keith bangs on the door. Liam answers. Keith shows a badge.  
 KEITH: Mind if I come in?  
 Keith does not wait for a response. He walks in with Backup. Grant gets up from his desk in the room.  
 GRANT: What's going on? 
KEITH: What's your name, his? 
GRANT: Grant. [Off Keith waiting for more] Winters. 
KEITH: [Looking around] Any drugs on the premises, Mr Winters? 
GRANT: Caffeine.  
 Keith sighs heavily and stares at him.  
 GRANT: No sir. 
KEITH: Are you sure about that [grabs a flesh], seedlings, seeds, any cannabis seedlings of any kind?  
 As he talks, he stands on the chair to inspect a high shelf above a bed.  
 LIAM: [Firmly] No.  
 Keith continues his inspection in plants.  
 GRANT: [Offscreen] Look, we do not have any drugs, okay? 
LIAM: [Offscreen] And do not you need a warrant? 
KEITH: [Getting down] What do I need a warrant for? There's nothing here. [As he leaves the room, quietly to Backup] Come on. 
 He walks out of the room without a glance back. Cut to Veronica in the outside area of ​​the campus. She is listening to Grant and Liam via the bug.  
 LIAM: [Offscreen] Why did you let him in? 
GRANT: [Offscreen] You're the one who let him in. And why was not the alarm on? It's supposed to be even when we're here.  
 Some time passes and Veronica continues to listen.  
 LIAM: [Offscreen] I'm heading to the snack bar. 
GRANT: [Offscreen] Set the alarm.  
 Veronica hears the tones as the alarm is set. She picks up her cell and duplicates the sound, writing down the number: 0227. Cut to later, same location. Veronica is now the only person in the area. Her cell rings. She sees who it is and answers. 
 VERONICA: [Flirty] Yeah? [Pause] Oh my god! [She looks at her watch] I'll be right there.  
 She hurriedly packs up her things. Cut to the Mars' apartment. Troy is sat bolt upright on the edge of the couch as Keith takes his seat in the armchair.  
 KEITH: So. Veronica tells me, um ... well, she did not tell me anything about you. 
TROY: Well, I do not know if that's a good thing or a bad thing. 
KEITH: Neither do I.  
 Keith stares for a moment then laughs. Troy follows.  
 TROY: Well, if you have any questions, you know, you want a list of references or anything ... 
KEITH: So you're going to the homecoming dance. 
TROY: Oh yes, sir, if that's okay with you. 
KEITH: Of course. And after the dance? 
TROY: Why-I think that, uh, Veronica said right now, so ... 
KEITH: Yeah, good. And you're gonna stay for the whole dance, I mean, you're not going to go to a party? 
TROY: No, you-ah, I mean ... the whole point of going to the dance [laughs] is to go to the dance. 
KEITH: Good. So you will not mind that I canceled your reservation at the Four Seasons?  
 Troy is stunned. Keith smiles benignly with steel in his eyes. Veronica arrives.  
 VERONICA: [Closing the door] I'm here, I'm here. So. Who's ready for mini-golf? 
 Troy and Keith look at each other. Keith grabs Troy on the shoulder and pats him. Troy is not comfortable. Veronica is starting to pick up the vibe when we cut to Grant and Liam's room. The phone rings.  
 LIAM: Hello. 
VOICE ON TELEPHONE: Hi, Winters Winters, this is admission calling.  
 Liam takes the phone from his ear and holds it to his chest.  
 LIAM: Grant. Someone from admissions wants to talk to you.  
 Grant takes the phone.  
 GRANT: Grant Winters. 
VOICE ON TELEPHONE: Bill Smith, Admissions. Are you free Thursday night? 
GRANT: Sorry, we're really interested in showing some provo around campus.  
 Cut to Keith in his office.  
 KEITH: Oh, that's a shame. We wanted to land this student before MIT snatched him up. 
 Veronica is in the office and makes a note on the post-it and passes it along the desk.  
 KEITH: And he asked for you and your crew specifically. 
VERONICA: [Whispers, appalled] Crew?  
 Keith gives her his 'I'm cool' gesture. Cut back to Grant.  
 GRANT: Yeah, I'm sure he did not. Sorry, but-  
 Cut back to Keith.  
 KEITH: We're providing you with a new game, you're heard of it. [Taking his cue from Veronica who's mouths at him] It's the Matrix online game.  
 Cut to Grant, who is impressed.  
 GRANT: Really?  
 Cut to Keith and Veronica, satisfied that the bait is taken. Cut to Logan, in front of the computer screen again. Lilly a 6-7 year old is frozen on the screen. 
 VERONICA: [Offscreen] How's it going?  
 Veronica comes into the room.  
 LOGAN: It's very "Wonder Years".  
 Cut to the picture of Lilly. She has a rimmed crown and cloak on.  
 LOGAN: [Offscreen] Celeste will love it.  
 Back on Veronica, she comes into her bag.  
 VERONICA: So ... [sits next to Logan], I was going through some of my stuff and I found this.  
 She pulls out a small mini-cassette. It is marked "Fun With Lilly".  
 LOGAN: What is it? 
VERONICA: It's not a violin recital.  
 Logan looks at it and then at Veronica. There is, perhaps, a moment of understanding. He considers it for a moment then looks back at the screen.  
 LOGAN: I've got a lot of work to do. 
VERONICA: Yeah. No, me too. 
 Logan nods and Veronica leaves. Cut to Wallace walking along with Grant and Liam. Wallace is texting on his phone as he walks.  
 GRANT: Dude, we're gonna see the new Matrix online game, we're finally gonna see it. 
LIAM: Did you see the video with their effects, man, Visi-tinjun is killer.  
 Grant Wallace records using his phone.  
 GRANT: What are you doing? 
WALLACE: Just text messaging my girlfriend, tell her how psyched I am.  
 Cut to Veronica, sitting on a low wall. Her cell rings and she gets Wallace's "All clear" message. Cut to Veronica entering Grant and Liam's room. She uses the code to turn off the alarm. She shuts the door. 
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: In the past 24 hours of surveillance, this is what I've learned. The so-called Silicon Mafia has made a game that will make "Quake" look like "Asteroids". They've raised their start-up capital by swindling needy and greedy college and high school students using a variation of the Nigerian scam. With no investors, they stand to make millions. Unless, somehow, somebody rides them up the way. 
 During the voiceover, Veronica has found that the processors are in locked cages. Veronica ends her voiceover getting out of bolt cutters. Cut to Veronica taking apart the processors and taking the hard drives. Wallace texts to find out how she's doing. She is back that she is almost done. She affixes an envelope to Grant's computer screen, picks up her bag and heads for the door. She remembers the bug and comes back into the room to collect it. She grabs a flesh, reaches up and feels for it. While there, she is still moving along the wall at the confluence with the ceiling. As she comes down from the flesh, her eyes follow the wires to a closet. On the closet, she finds another computer.  
 VERONICA: Wow. 
 It is enclosed in a much more secure, in a safe, than the ones she has already dealt with. It is also padlocked.  
 VERONICA: I really hate these guys.  
 Cut to Veronica opening a small fridge in the room. It is full of cans of drink. She grabs one and goes back to the computer backup, sitting before it and pondering. Cut to Grant, Liam, and Wallace arriving at Gameland. The place is deserted, with only a person sweeping up.  
 LIAM: What the hell? 
WALLACE: Wow. I can not believe there's no party. I feel so duped.  
 Grant and Liam 's phone alarms go off. They grab their phones from their pockets.  
 GRANT: What the hell? 
LIAM: It's the alarm on the backup drives. 
 They look at each other and then race out of the club, ignoring Wallace. Wallace is taking off his specs and smiles. Cut to Grant and Liam hurrying back to their room.  
 LIAM: I set the room alarm. 
GRANT: Then why did not it go off? You can not get to the backups without getting into the room. 
LIAM: Oh, the backups are fine. Nobody's getting into that safe.  
 Cut to them arriving at the room. Liam comes in behind him.  
 LIAM: What the hell?  
 The camera pulls back into the room to reveal the sabotaged computers on the desk.  
 GRANT: Oh my god. 
LIAM: The backup drives. 
 Liam runs back to the closet to check. He opens the sliding door. Grant spots the envelope and grabs it. He looks back at Liam to ascertain the fate of the backups and walks to where Liam is crouched down, opening the safe. It is full of a drink and a funnel has been fitted to an opening. Liam lets his eyes trail down. There is a drink leaking out of the bottom of the computer. Grant opens the envelope.  
 GRANT: [Reading] Hey buddy, I was hoping you could ... help me.  
 Cut to the park where Veronica / Amber puts Jimmy / Karl. It's night. Veronica, Georgia and Wallace are waiting.  
 GRANT: [Offscreen, continuing to read] I'm coming into my trust fund next week and if you give me $ 7600 tomorrow night, I'll give you your hard drives back. 
 As he reads, he and Liam are heading towards the group.  
 VERONICA: Hello boys, let me guess what you're thinking. Paybacks are a bitch. 
GRANT: [As Liam hands the money to Veronica] Yeah, something like that.  
 Veronica starts to count the money.  
 VERONICA: Well, [handing the money to Wallace] here, you're the math whiz. 
GRANT: It's all there. 
GEORGIA: Like we trust you. 
WALLACE: Yeah, I think that's all of it. 
VERONICA: Our commission's included? 
WALLACE: Yeope. 
VERONICA: Ownage. 
GRANT: Can we have our backup drives now? 
VERONICA: You need to lay off the caffeine, Grrrant. 'Cause you're downright testy. Your backups are in the garbage can, next to the bench. 
GEORGIA: Yeah, you might have to dig a little.  
 Liam and Grant turn and head for the garbage can. Wallace, Georgia and Veronica head back towards her car.  
 GEORGIA: This just does not seem fair. I keep thinking about all the people who have been scammed and how they do not have kickass friends. [She laughs] 
VERONICA: Did you know there's an anti-fraud agency in the FBI? I guess it's a big deal. And I was shocked to see how interested they were in the information I had on Liam and Grant. 
WALLACE: Game over.  
 Veronica Walks on a Wallace stops to give Georgia her money. Liam and Grant can be seen in the background, still searching the garbage can. Wallace turns to Veronica when Georgia grabs his face and kisses him. Veronica looks back and smiles. 
 LIAM: I got one, I got one. 
GRANT: You got one?  
 Veronica gets to her car. As she pulls out her keys to a flyer comes with them. Veronica looks at it. It says: The Kane Family invites you to the dedication of the Lilly Kane Memorial Fountain. This sends Veronica into a flashback. The limo pulls up at the Kane residence. It is daylight. Keith's Sheriff's Department is Keith, Jake and Celeste can be seen in the distance. Inside the limo, Lilly is running on the side. Logan is lying with his head in her lap. She is pouring drink into her open mouth. He chokes and laughs as she laughs. On the back seat, Duncan is cradling Veronica in his lap. Her eyes are closed. Duncan looks out the window.  
 DUNCAN: Oh my god. They called the cops. 
 Veronica raises her head, then her body to look through the window. The Kanes and Keith head towards the limo.  
 VERONICA: They called my dad.  
 Lilly has made her way through the window.  
 LILLY: This is like, [with conviction] the best dance ever.  
 Logan laughs. The limo pulls to a stop and Duncan gets out first followed by Lilly. Lilly has one shoe in her hand, giving her a limp. She is beaming. She heads for Keith.  
 LILLY: What seems to be the problem, officer? 
CELESTE: Lilly.  
 Celeste does a 'come to me' with her index finger. She goes. Duncan and Veronica exchange a look.  
 CELESTE: Are you drunk? 
LILLY: Not so much anymore. 
 Lilly laughs, Veronica looks sheepishly at Keith.  
 CELESTE: [Furious] You are absolutely unbelievable. Why do you insist on humiliating me? 
LILLY: Um, two kids, both out and getting screamed at? 
CELESTE: 'Cause I know you, Lilly. Anything has changed, you've been at the root of it. 
DUNCAN: Mom! It's my fault, it was my idea. 
JAKE: You listen, both of you. Inside the house. Come on. 
 Lilly throws her father to defiant and turns back to where Logan, is bending over. He rises as she reaches him. She grabs his head and gives him a hard, long kiss. Logan glances at the Kanes. Celeste spins rounds and heads for the house, Jake waits for her to finish. Lilly then heads for the house and Jake gives a sigh.  
 VERONICA: Sorry, Dad. 
KEITH: We'll talk at home. [Calling out behind him] Jake, Celeste. Thanks for the coffee. 
 Jake half turns and acknowledges. Duncan turns and gives Veronica a smile and a wave. She smiles back as Keith and Logan head for Keith's car. Jake stands to watch his goal Jake pulls him into the house. Present day Veronica, stares a little longer at the flyer then puts it down. Cut to the dedication service. An octet is playing "Wind Beneath My Wings". A number of people are gathered, holding candles. We have a small section, the Kanes are sitting with a few others and there is a large photo of Lilly above them. The Lilly Kane, Always Remembered. Veronica is among the crowd, taking photographs. Logan is also in the crowd, head down but he looks up when he spots her. The music ends. Celeste takes the stage. 
 CELESTE: Thank you to the Neptune High Orchestra. I know if Lilly were here, she would have been moved by that rendition. Lilly really loved this place. [Cut to Logan Who returns to looking at His Feet] So it's only fitting [Duncan looks shellshocked on the stage] That as long as this fountain remains here, [Jake Even More so] a share of Lilly will always be here. And you, her peers will always be Reminded what a generous, kind, [Wallace is in the crowd With His arm around Georgia] sweet girl She Was and how she embodied [Veronica Sees Troy And They smile] Pirate pride and the school motto, service, loyalty, honor. 
 Celeste looks behind her at Duncan. He rises from his seat, as does his father. Duncan walks over a rope. It drops to reveal a fountain. Celeste triggers a remote control and the water trickles down. The crowd claps politely. Veronica takes another picture and Duncan heads back to his parents. Logan point the remote to start the video. A classical-like guitar piece accompanies pictures of young Lilly Logan had earlier - standing by the couch, in bed with her book and doll, one not seen from her nodding to the camera aged about six. Celeste is more than happy with this representation of her daughter. Lilly on the pony or horse in her red cowboy hat. Duncan swallows hard. Lilly in the Lego because, Lilly singing. Veronica watches with a smile. Logan watches then looks down again. Now there is some more recent footage. Lilly running up close to the lens, looking at 14-15. Jake and Duncan are affected, Celeste just looks proud of the impression being made. Unexpectedly, the electric guitar gives way to the hammering of an electric guitar. Jake looks at Celeste and Logan looks up impishly. Celeste is not happy as the video moves onto Veronica's footage for the night of the limo party. The camcorder has caught Lilly close up in the back seat. 
 LILLY: Hello America! You wanted Lilly. You got her.  
 Veronica's eyes are well with unshed tears.  
 LILLY: Now sit back and enjoy the ride. 
 As the music kicks in, the video moves to predominantly Lilly 's, but also Veronica' s chests as they dance in the back seat. The crowd starts to react positively and some laugh Logan. Lilly pops the champagne and goes into a glass held out. Wallace and Georgia raise their own glasses to her. Celeste is really unhappy. Duncan can not suppress a grin. Back to the video, Lilly sticks as Logan claps. Veronica, at the dedication, laughs at the memory. Troy lets out an appreciative "Yeah". Lilly dancing, Lilly dancing, then Lilly dancing, on the back seat. The next shot is of Lilly swigging from a champagne bottle. Jake lets out a laugh and grins. There is a couple shots of the 12-15 year old showing her biceps and jumping out of a tree. Celeste now looks deeply embarrassed. Lilly kisses has a Logan supine. The crowd roar Logan all but blushes. Celeste is clearly angry. On the video, Lilly is on the beach, a bottle in one hand, a glass in the other, running towards the camera. This is a cut with a head of the open sunroof of the moving limo. Jake is laughing freely now Duncan smiling. Jake puts a hand to his mouth. The video ends with Lilly 's hair flying as he looks down on the limo and addresses the camcorder. Celeste is clearly angry. On the video, Lilly is on the beach, a bottle in one hand, a glass in the other, running towards the camera. This is a cut with a head of the open sunroof of the moving limo. Jake is laughing freely now Duncan smiling. Jake puts a hand to his mouth. The video ends with Lilly 's hair flying as he looks down on the limo and addresses the camcorder. Celeste is clearly angry. On the video, Lilly is on the beach, a bottle in one hand, a glass in the other, running towards the camera. This is a cut with a head of the open sunroof of the moving limo. Jake is laughing freely now Duncan smiling. Jake puts a hand to his mouth. The video ends with Lilly 's hair flying as he looks down on the limo and addresses the camcorder. 
 LILLY: You love me do not you?  
 Jake starts to sob and Duncan comforts him. The crowd cheers. The screen goes black. Logan looks over at Veronica. She smiles at him and he smiles back at her. The crowd starts to disperse. Amongst the crowd are Weevil and, behind him, Felix.  
 FELIX: [To Weevil's back] Hey, weev, let's hit it. [We're getting no response] Weevil!  
 Weevil turns and looks up at Felix. His face is wet.  
 WEEVIL: Yeah, yeah. [Wiping his face with his hands] Let's ride man, Let's go, the night's young. 
 Weevil pushes Felix on and, after one look back, follows him. Cut to a Wallace and Georgia sitting in the back seat of a limo. Wallace puts his arms around Georgia and she smiles. Along the side seat Veronica, in a strapless red dress, and Troy. Veronica spots something outside.  
 VERONICA: Do you mind if we make a stop?  
 Veronica looks round at the others.  
 VERONICA: There's something I need to do. 
TROY: Well, I do not think that's a good idea, we should probably go right to the dance, right. I told you your dad ...  
 Veronica just smiles and takes off her shoes. The limo stops at the beach. Veronica jumps out then turns back to Troy, who is just moving to join her.  
 VERONICA: You have to stay here. 
 Troy falls back in his seat, confused. Veronica turns and heads for the water. Wallace joins Troy on his seat. Troy looks at Wallace. Wallace holds up a hand.  
 WALLACE: Do not ask me, man. Stopped trying to figure her out day one.  
 Veronica gets to the water. She reaches back to unzip the dress. She drops the dress and walks then does a standing dive into the water. She comes up for air, turns towards the shore and laughs. 
 End. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 