Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x02 - Credit Where Credit is Due - Veronica Mars 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x02 - Credit Where Credit is Due https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=874&t=32598 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/22/19 16:37 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x02 - Credit Where Credit is Due 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Previously on Veronica Mars 
 Veronica watching Duncan's table at school.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: I used to sit there. The only reason I was allowed past the velvet ropes was Duncan Kane. He used to be my boyfriend.  
 Flashback to a long haired Veronica and Duncan walking down the school hallway. Flashback to car wash.  
 LILLY: I've got a secret, a good one.  
 Flashback to the Kane residence the night of Lilly's murder.  
 VERONICA: [Kneeling before Duncan] Duncan, what happened?  
 Duncan is completely unresponsive. Veronica looks around and then back at Duncan.  
 VERONICA: Where's Lilly?  
 Veronica runs out to the pool and sees Lilly's body. Keith is there too.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: But you already know how this part of the story ends. The murder of Lilly Kane. And that bungling local sheriff you heard about, was my dad.  
 Cut to Veronica entering Mars Investigations.  
 LAWYER VOICEOVER: Your dad's out tracking down bail jumpers half the time 
 Cut to Veronica and the lawyer in the office.  
 LAWYER: and yet somehow all the cases that come in here still get handled. How is that?  
 Quick flashes of: Veronica on the phone, Veronica working the camcorder in her car, Veronica with a long lens camera in her car. Cut back to Veronica at the office.  
 VERONICA: We're efficient.  
 End Previously. Scene opens with a shot of the outside of the school, students fast forwarding, then settles inside where Veronica is opening her locker.  
 WALLACE: Another big Friday night. You got plans?  
 VERONICA: I don't know. I might take Backup for a run or rent a movie maybe.  
 WALLACE: Congratulations. You're officially Neptune High's most boring person.  
 VERONICA: Did I mention the movie might be PG-13?  
 WALLACE: Ow! Jump back wild child.  
 VERONICA: What about you Wallace? Your life still a non-stop Nelly video?  
 WALLACE: Hey, at least I want my life to be a non-stop Nelly video.  
 VERONICA: What do you propose?  
 WALLACE: This.  
 As Veronica finishes up at her locker, Wallace produces a pink sheet of paper with the word "Blowout" on it and a number of symbols. They carry on down the hall and outside.  
 WALLACE: I found this on the floor in gym.  
 VERONICA: You want to crash an 09er party?  
 WALLACE: Maybe. I don't know what an 09er is.  
 VERONICA: It's someone who lives in the prestigious 90909 zip code.  
 WALLACE: Look. You can't even tell who's put on it. You don't know when it starts, where it is or nothing.  
 VERONICA: That's 'cause it's all in code. The moon tells you it starts when it gets dark 
 WALLACE: Ah.  
 VERONICA: the hourglass indicates sand which means it's the beach, the Ks and the 9s tell you it's more specifically Dog Beach.  
 WALLACE: And the little eggs?  
 VERONICA: Friday. It's in code so undesirables, which by the way is you and me, don't show up.  
 WALLACE: How do you know all this?  
 VERONICA: 'Cause I used to be one of them.  
 Cut to a night time beach party. Korn's cover of "Word Up" plays, drink flows and a bonfire burns. Duncan is in a car, surveying the party in the company of another boy.  
 DUNCAN'S FRIEND: What do you say, dog? You ready to get this party started? You ready to burn this mother down. Up, jump the boogie.  
 DUNCAN: [laughs] My plan? And I haven't worked this out entirely yet so bear with me, was to raise the roof.  
 DUNCAN'S FRIEND: See that is so you man, Mr Old School.  
 DUNCAN: Me Old School? You're the one who wanted to come down and get jiggy wid' it.  
 DUNCAN'S FRIEND: Yeah.  
 DUNCAN: So, uh, wanna go meet the locals or what?  
 DUNCAN'S FRIEND: As long as they're humble, god-fearing, salt of the earth types.  
 DUNCAN: Every last one.  
 They head out of the car to hit the party.  
 SONG: Everybody say 
When you hear the call you got to get it under way 
Word up (ahh ahh) 
It's the call, word 
No matter where you say it 
You know that you'll be heard 
 Logan is already there with a vacuous blonde.  
 LOGAN: Nah, I think you look great in pink.  
 He spots them as they get to the bonfire.  
 LOGAN: Yo, DK.  
 SONG: Now while you suck DJs 
Who think you're blind  
 Duncan joins Logan and the girl and he and Logan slap hands.  
 LOGAN: Hey, who's your date, man.  
 DUNCAN: Oh  
 LOGAN'S GIRL: It's Troy Vandergraff. His father's the architect who built the County Museum.  
 LOGAN: Oh. Well aren't you the little social columnist.  
 DUNCAN: Troy, this is Logan. [Troy and Logan shake hands] I guess you already know Caitlin.  
 TROY: Yeah, from the marina, right?  
 CAITLIN: So aren't you supposed to be going back east for school?  
 TROY: Change of plans. The parents decided they were going to be staying in So Cal so I am enrolling here on Monday.  
 CAITLIN: Yay.  
 LOGAN: Well, lucky us, huh?  
 DUNCAN: So how's the party doing, man?  
 A commotion starts up behind them and they turn to see Weevil, Felix and a couple of other bikes heading through the party towards the fire. Felix starts messing with some of the girls who are dancing.  
 FELIX: Whoa, huh. Like this? Just like this. [As the girls push him away] What? Time for S'Mores?  
 WEEVIL: [Drinking the party beer] This is the good stuff. Ymmm. [To Logan on his approach] Is this imported?  
 LOGAN: This is a private party, man.  
 WEEVIL: Oh, oh, is it? I-I-I'm sorry. I must have been confused. Hey, l-let me ask you something. Have I ever asked if you if I could come play through at Torrey Pines? Have you ever run into me surfing down at Cape Crescent? Bro'? Huh? Have you ever even once come home to find us throwing the kegger in your backyard? No? Then what the hell do you think you are doing on our beach?  
 LOGAN: Am I supposed to apologise? Am I supposed to shake in my boots?  
 WEEVIL: Maybe.  
 LOGAN: Look around you, man. It ain't 15 on four tonight. [Turns] Hey Caitlin. Baby you've been to my house a bunch, right?  
 CAITLIN: Yep  
 LOGAN: It's nice, right? It's clean, well kept  
 CAITLIN: Very  
 LOGAN: Yeah. Do you wanna know why? It's because Weevil's grandma keeps it that way. [Party crowd woo-hoos] She-she is a good little worker, your grandma, yeah, spick and span.  
 WEEVIL: Ummm.  
 WEEVIL'S TALLER COMPANION: [Hard laugh] Yeah. It's a tough job, you know. Grandma says you go through a box of tissue a day. Your room alone.  
 LOGAN: [Laughing] Well, what can I say? She's a very sexy lady. Thank you.  
 The face-off is interrupted by the sound of the siren from the Sheriff's car. He broadcasts.  
 SHERIFF LAMB: This is the Sheriff's Department. I want your ID's out. Everyone remain where you are.  
 Everyone scatters. Lamb puts down the microphone.  
 DEPUTY SACKS: We gonna go after them?  
 SHERIFF LAMB: No. Let's get out, get the kegs. Tell the guys cook-out at my place tomorrow night.  
 Cut to Weevil's. He and his relative (same grandmother) are playing an American football video game on the TV and two smaller children are running about. The little boy blocks Weevil's view, giving his cousin an advantage.  
 WEEVIL'S RELATIVE: Yeah, uh-huh, yeah. [To one of the children blocking Weevil's view of the screen] Stay right there, stay right there.  
 WEEVIL: Move your ass little man, come on. I'm losing.  
 There's banging at the front door.  
 SHERIFF LAMB: Sheriff's Department. Open up.  
 WEEVIL'S GRANDMOTHER: What did you boys do?  
 WEEVIL'S RELATIVE: Don't worry about it Grandma, we'll handle it, all right?  
 WEEVIL'S GRANDMOTHER: Oh dear!  
 She stands back as Weevil and his relative get the door. Sheriff Lamb is there with his deputy.  
 WEEVIL: I guess you busted all those rich kids already, huh?  
 SHERIFF LAMB: [To Deputy Sacks] Go in. [To Weevil and his relative] Boys. [Holding up the warrant so they and Mrs Navarro can see it] Letitia Navarro, I got a warrant for your arrest. You need to come with us.  
 WEEVIL: Oh, come on. What's you problem, officer. If you want me, be a man about it, bro.  
 WEEVIL'S RELATIVE: [Simultaneously with Weevil] You're crazy. Where you gonna take her, huh? [On his own] What are the charges?  
 SHERIFF LAMB: Credit card fraud.  
 Lamb walks out leaving the deputy to escort a stunned Mrs Navarro.  
 MRS NAVARRO: [Breathlessly] Well, I  
 Weevil follows Lamb outside. The others follow behind.  
 WEEVIL: Credit ca-? She doesn't even have any credit cards, man!  
 SHERIFF LAMB: Not in her own name, no. [Getting in Weevil's face] But somebody took credit card offers out of the Echolls family trash. They opened up accounts. They rang up charges. You heard anything about that? [To get Weevil's attention as he turned to look at his relative] Hey! Nah, I didn't think so. 'Cause it would take a major league loser to let a sweet old lady like that do his time for him.  
 Lamb slaps the warrant onto Weevil's chest and turns to get into his vehicle. Weevil looks back at the children, watching from the top of the steps.  
 WEEVIL: [To his relative] Get them inside, man.  
 Cut to Veronica at her desk in the main office. The door to Keith's office is open and the lawyer is in with him. Veronica is listening.  
 LAWYER: Listen to this list of charges to the card - half dozen video games, limo rides, Magic Mountain tickets, motorcycle gear. It goes on like that. I sincerely doubt my client, Mrs Navarro, suddenly decides to steal from the Echolls after ten years of loyal service just so she can get herself a new piercing from 'Puddy Tats'.  
 KEITH: It's gotta be the kid, Eli Navarro. [To Veronica who has moved herself to the door jamb] What do they call him?  
 VERONICA: Weevil.  
 LAWYER: Oh, clearly it's Weevil. Lamb doesn't even believe it's Mrs Navarro but the PO Box where the merchandise was sent was in her name plus she was wearing a diamond pendant purchased with one of the phoney cards.  
 VERONICA: Lamb could have set Weevil up, he hates him you know.  
 KEITH: Honey, I started picking up Eli Navarro when he was 12.  
 VERONICA: He just helped me out of a jam recently, that's all.  
 LAWYER: Look, I'm sure he's a real mensch but I've got a grandma in jail and I'd really like to get her out.  
 KEITH: We'll dive in, thanks Cliff [shaking hands as Cliff leaves] [To Veronica] Honey, he goes to your school. You mind taking point on this for a few days at least. I'm working on something.  
 VERONICA: I'll see what I can find.  
 Cut to Veronica pulling up at Weevil's house. It's night. As she voiceovers, she gets out of the car and walks over to examine Weevil's bike.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: The trouble with befriending the leader of a motorcycle gang is that at the end of the day, he's still the leader of a motorcycle gang. And as much as I'd like to believe differently, I doubt it's his grandmother who's buying video games and paying for new motorcycle paint jobs.  
 WEEVIL: [From offscreen as he exits the house] I've hospitalised people for less than what you're doing right now.  
 VERONICA: What? Admiring your paint job?  
 WEEVIL: No, what you're doing and admiring my paint job isn't it.  
 VERONICA: I'm just following up on a few things for the lawyer who's representing your grandma.  
 WEEVIL: Yeah, I met the guy. He says I should confess.  
 VERONICA: Do you think you will?  
 WEEVIL: I've got nothing to say to you, man.  
 VERONICA: Weevil, your Grandma's in jail.  
 WEEVIL: Oh, ar-are you reminding me 'cause I almost forgot.  
 VERONICA: I'm just saying with your reputation, you can't blame McCormack for thinking that-  
 WEEVIL: My reputation? Oh well then I guess what everybody says about you is true too, huh? That you, you like it a little freaky, don't you. That you spy on Duncan Kane. That you send him pictures of yourself. Be honest Veronica. You think you're this big outsider but, push comes to shove, you're still one of them. You still think like one of them. Take off. I don't want you around here. [Turns his back on her and walks back to the house.]  
 Opening credits. Scene opens at a diner. Keith and Veronica are sitting in a booth. The counter is behind them and the entrance beyond that. Veronica has a cap on and is writing in a notebook. Keith is eating breakfast and looking at the paper.  
 KEITH: Are you gonna wear that cap inside? At the table?  
 VERONICA: Do you think I'm offending someone? [Looks around] In here?  
 KEITH: Simple etiquette, that's all.  
 Veronica ruefully removes her cap. Sheriff Lamb and Deputy Sacks enter the diner. Lamb spots and heads for the Mars' for some sport while the deputy stays up at the counter.  
 SHERIFF LAMB: Well look who's here. Ahhhh, [sitting at their booth] if it isn't my predecessor and mentor. How's the dirty picture biz, boss?  
 KEITH: [Looking at his newspaper] Looks like it's better than being Sheriff, actually. Yeah, you got a killer on the loose, Lamb. [Reads] In a daring daylight escape, Ray Lee Hampstead, denied bail earlier this week after his arrest for manslaughter, broke out the back windshield of a Balboa County's Sheriff's Department cruiser and fled on foot.  
 SHERIFF LAMB: Meeks and Johnson lost him. I think those are two guys you hired.  
 KEITH: [To Veronica] You hear that, honey? That's leadership. [To Lamb] Way to stand up on your own two feet, Lamb and say, hey, the buck stoooops there.  
 SHERIFF LAMB: You know what's coming up October 3rd. Are you doing anything special to mark the one year anniversary of Lilly Kane's murder? Got it. Dress like a Sheriff and crucify some poor, grieving father, just for old time's sake, you know?  
 KEITH: Tell me again how you solved the crime of the century. Now wait a minute, I remember, I remember. An anonymous tip leads you to the supposed killer's houseboat. Did anybody show up to collect the $100,000 reward for that information? Do'ya find that strange?  
 SHERIFF LAMB: No. What about your theory? Jake Kane murders his own daughter. We've got an eyewitness and phone records that have him nowhere near the house. And all the Kanes in fact were accounted for at the time of the murder. [Keith smiles] Hmm, [bending his ear forward] what's that? Nothing to say to that, right? [To the deputy at the counter] Sacks, we got our order ready? [Leaves the table]  
 KEITH: Good luck with that fugitive Don.  
 VERONICA: Smell ya, later.  
 KEITH: Smell ya later?  
 VERONICA: [Packing up her books and recapping] I gotta run. The counsellor wants to see me before class.  
 KEITH: About what?  
 VERONICA: [Standing] Uh, my schedule and my attitude, not necessarily in that order. Her words.  
 Veronica kisses her father and leaves. Cut to the school office as Veronica leaves the Counsellor's office and heads for the main counter. Troy Vandergraff is also waiting at the counter and checks her out.  
 TROY: [In fake British accent] Giv'us a smile, luv.  
 COUNSELLOR: [Offscreen] Troy Vandegraff.  
 Troy smiles at a responsive Veronica and heads for the Counsellor's Office. Veronica collects a slip from the counter and turns to leave, running into Wallace on his way in.  
 VERONICA: What are you doing in here?  
 WALLACE: Oh hey. I signed up for diving but there were only like four people in class so they cancelled it, stuck me in here. So don't you mess with me, all right? I'm an Office Aide.  
 VERONICA: That's great!  
 WALLACE: Yeah, for who?  
 VERONICA: For me. I need you to copy all of Weevil's attendance records from this past month and get them to me.  
 WALLACE: Do I look like James Bond to you?  
 VERONICA: Am I asking you to retrieve a nuclear warhead? No. Just copy the attendance records. It's cake. Facile.  
 Wallace smiles as Veronica leaves. Cut to Veronica entering a classroom. There is a notice on the door: "Student Publications - Ms Dent".  
 MS DENT: [To a student] why don't you bring the caption down. See how it works.  
 STUDENT: OK  
 MS DENT: [Seeing Veronica] Can I help you with something?  
 VERONICA: Ah, yeah. The counsellor stuck me in here. [Hands a sheet to Ms Dent] She says I'm disconnected and passionless.  
 CAITLIN: Miss Dent?  
 MS DENT: Caitlin?  
 CAITLIN: I'm gonna go down to the gym to talk to people for the student poll.  
 MS DENT: Be back by the end of the period. And remember that we are a multicultural school with a diverse population of students from a wide range of socio-economic backgrounds.  
 CAITLIN: Meaning?  
 MS DENT: Meaning don't just interview your friends.  
 Caitlin rolls her eyes before departing.  
 MS DENT: So Veronica, welcome to newspaper class.  
 VERONICA: I was thinking maybe I could just take pictures?  
 MS DENT: Well I'm not sure if you can just do that but we can start you there. Do you have any experience with a camera?  
 VERONICA: Yeah. Some.  
 MS DENT: This is a 35mm camera. Now my suggestion is you're starting out is just to set it on auto and that way you-  
 VERONICA: I'd really be more comfortable if I could just use my own camera [pulling out a serious camera] Um, the swivel LCD really comes in handy when you're doing overhead shooting or ground level macro- shooting.  
 MS DENT: [Bemused] Right.  
 VERONICA: The optical zoom actually goes up to 71.2mm and it's good to have the raw file option because you can mess with the images post-exposure without nearly the loss of image quality you'd get with a JPEG file.  
 MS DENT: And when it's dark outside, you should-you should use a flash. [Both laugh] I have your first assignment. Are you free after school tomorrow?  
 VERONICA: I guess.  
 MS DENT: We're doing a feature on Bodie Chang, you know him?  
 VERONICA: Surfer. Up until 20 minutes ago, I was in study hall with him.  
 MS DENT: That's the guy. So he's winning all these competitions. He's got another one up at Gold Coast. Let me introduce you to the guy who's doing the story. [Leaning over partition] Duncan Kane, this is Veronica. [Oblivious to the discomfort of both] Veronica's going to be taking pictures tomorrow and I arranged for you to ride with Bodie's parents.  
 DUNCAN: I'll drive.  
 MS DENT: Great, maybe Veronica can-  
 VERONICA: I can drive too.  
 MS DENT: OK. Oil crisis be damned.  
 Veronica sees Wallace in the doorway. He has the attendance records. Cut to them at the table outside. Veronica is going through the records.  
 VERONICA: Look at this. Half of these credit card purchases are online orders and the ones that were made on school days were made between 11am and 12pm. That's 4th period.  
 WALLACE: Yeah, you realise don't you that this guy you're trying to help out, duct taped me butt naked to a flagpole just last week.  
 VERONICA: Man, you really hold a grudge.  
 WALLACE: Yeah, I'm funny that way. [Tetchy] Hey you're welcome for those records.  
 VERONICA: Wallace, King Kong ain't got nothin' on you.  
 WALLACE: How you know [laughing].  
 VERONICA: But think about this. How can a guy who according to these records was in autoshop seven of the eight days these purchases were made manage to make on-line orders.  
 WALLACE: Aren't you supposed to be trying to prove he did it? So you can get his grandma out of jail.  
 VERONICA: But it's impossible. There's no internet connection in autoshop.  
 WALLACE: It can't be hard for him to just slip out of there.  
 VERONICA: Seven times?  
 Wallace sees the point. Cut to Veronica entering Mars Investigations. She can hear her father talking.  
 KEITH: Yeah but his arraignment isn't until Monday.  
 VERONICA: I don't think he did it.  
 Keith and Cliff McCormack are standing by the main office desk as Veronica joins them.  
 KEITH: Who didn't do what?  
 VERONICA: Weevil. Listen, I was looking through the attendance records at school and I just don't think it's possible-  
 KEITH: Veronica.  
 VERONICA: Yeah?  
 KEITH: Cliff's just got back from the courthouse.  
 CLIFF (WAS LAWYER): They released Letty Navarro a couple of hours ago.  
 VERONICA: That's great.  
 CLIFF: They released her because Eli 'Weevil' Navarro came in and confessed to the crime.  
 Cut to the school newspaper classroom. Veronica is sitting at a computer screen. Beyond her Logan is lounging back in his chair, talking to Caitlin.  
 LOGAN: No seriously, how difficult is it to find good help these days.  
 CAITLIN: What are you going to do about your housekeeper situation?  
 LOGAN: We had to let her go. If you can't trust your domestics, you don't feel safe in your own home.  
 CAITLIN: I won't miss her. She was totally rude to me every time I was over there.  
 VERONICA: Did you guys know that 90% of all identity theft is committed by relatives of the victim? That's an interesting fact. At least I think so.  
 CAITLIN: But you know what? No one cares what you think Veronica Mars. Not any more. Not since you stabbed all your friends in the back.  
 VERONICA: You seem to care a bit what I think.  
 LOGAN: Tell the truth Veronica. Did you just sign up for newspaper so you could be around Duncan.  
 VERONICA: No. I'm here so I can be closer to you. In fact they're thinking of putting me in your 4th period government class.  
 CAITLIN: We've got computer lab 4th period.  
 VERONICA: Oh shoot. My loss. [She smiles to herself]  
 Cut to the school lunch area. Veronica is looking through papers as Wallace comes to join her.  
 WALLACE: What'cha got there, V?  
 VERONICA: I printed out the entire browser history from Logan Echolls' computer in his 4th period computer lab class.  
 WALLACE: So, is he guilty?  
 VERONICA: Well of wanting desperately to see pictures of Alyssa Milano naked, yes. But of making bogus credit card charges, I don't think so. Wait, the Neptune Grand. Logan visited the Neptune Grand Hotel website. He didn't make reservations online but  
 WALLACE: But  
 VERONICA: But there's a charge on the credit card for the honeymoon suite.  
 Cut to the school parking lot. The music is "Hi Lo" by Hometown Hero. Veronica notices a flat tyre. Logan rolls his apple on the boot lid and pauses before walking on.  
 LOGAN: Bummer.  
 SONG: Aren't I looking good 
Don't you think it's funny 
This is how 
You'll make all your money 
[Not dechipherd] 
Come on dear, yeah, come on dear 
[Not dechipherd]  
 Veronica watches him go join the snobby crowd. Later, Veronica is changing the tyre. Troy approaches.  
 TROY: Flat?  
 VERONICA: Just as God made me.  
 TROY: Are you always this persnickity?  
 VERONICA: Sometimes I'm even persnickity-er. I'm supposed to be taking surf competition photos in Gold Coast in 30 minutes and this is my second mysterious flat since school started.  
 TROY: Well here, I mean, let me help you. I'm Troy, by the way.  
 VERONICA: I'm Veronica.  
 TROY: Really. Veronica. OK, yeah, that-that does make a lot more sense.  
 VERONICA: M-makes more sense how?  
 TROY: Aaa, it's nothing. I just, uh, should never listen to those guys. I mean really, who names a daughter Trampy McBitch.  
 They laugh and get on with the tyre. Caitlin motors over to Logan on a pink scooter.  
 CAITLIN: Hey  
 ONE OF THE 09ERS: Nice ride.  
 Logan and Caitlin kiss.  
 LOGAN: Hey munch, how ya' doin'?  
 CAITLIN: Good.  
 LOGAN: Two miles on there.  
 CAITLIN: I know. It's new. [Sees Veronica and Troy]  
 LOGAN: It's cool. Been round school all day?  
 CAITLIN: What's Troy doing talking to Veronica?  
 LOGAN: What do you care?  
 CAITLIN: I don't, I just Has anyone told him?  
 Duncan looks over and sees Veronica and Troy. He approaches.  
 DUNCAN: Hey Veronica, you need a ride? If we don't go now, we'll miss it.  
 VERONICA: Umm  
 TROY: Go ahead. I'll finish this up and throw the tools in the trunk.  
 DUNCAN: Chivalry not dead. Good to know. I'm right over here.  
 Veronica grabs her stuff from the boot, smiles at Troy and heads for Duncan's car. Cut to Duncan and Veronica in his car heading for Gold Coast. Fountain of Wayne's "Troubled Times" is playing.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: I should have walked to Gold Coast. It's only 30 miles but with the awkward silence, it feels like 300.  
 SONG: When you think you've found something worth holding onto...  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: In five seconds, I'm just going to do the Charlie's Angel roll right out of the moving car.  
 SONG: ...Were you reaching for attention, hoping she would notice you 
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Five four three-  
 DUNCAN: Lilly loved this song.  
 SONG: ...Collecting bottles and thrown-away cans...  
 VERONICA: Yeah  
 Cut to flashback of Lilly and Veronica in the same car, Lilly driving.  
 LILLY: Why'd you join Pep Squad, Veronica?  
 VERONICA: Umm, the PE credit. You?  
 LILLY: Veronica, I suffer from too much pep. I needed a pep outlet. Plus Sassy says girls who join a club really get the fellas.  
 VERONICA: 'Cause you really need a lot of help on that front.  
 LILLY: Well, you know what my mom says. You have to kiss a few toads That's it. That's her entire philosophy.  
 VERONICA: All your mom ever says to me is: "Veronica, shouldn't you be getting home soon?"  
 LILLY: That sounds like her.  
 VERONICA: Why does she hate me?  
 LILLY: Um, it's not your fault. She would hate anyone she thought that Duncan might love as much as her. Friendly advice. Watch her. She'll break the two of you up if she can.  
 SONG: Pining away every hour in your room 
Rolling with the motion... 
Cut back to present.  
 SONG: waiting til it's opportune...  
 Veronica sees something out of the window.  
 VERONICA: Slow down.  
 SONG: Sitting there watching time fly past you...  
 It's Weevil on a work crew, cleaning up the side of the road. They stare at each other.  
 SONG: ...Why do tomorrow what you could never do.  
 Abrupt change in tempo as Longwave's "Here It Comes" blasts an accompaniment to the action at the beach. Surf's up, Veronica takes pictures, Duncan takes notes and they confer before heading out.  
 SONG: Something's coming over me 
I'm so tired I can't see 
The face is all the same when you're wasted 
Everything is like the last 
That you're always moving fast 
The colours in the end are amazing.  
 Cut to them on the road again, now dark. The awkward silence is back. A siren sounds and lights flash behind them.  
 DUNCAN: Wonderful.  
 Duncan pulls up at the side of the road. Deputy Sacks approaches Duncan's side of the car and shines his flashlight into the car.  
 DEPUTY SACKS: Licence and registration. [On Duncan handing them over] Can I have the two of you step out of the car.  
 DUNCAN: Is there a problem?  
 DEPUTY SACKS: Got an impound notice on this vehicle. Bunch of parking tickets and a moving violation dated October 3rd.  
 Duncan and Veronica look at each other in some consternation. Cut to Duncan, now out of the car on the driver's side, speaking into a mobile.  
 DUNCAN: They want to impound the car. Guess there were a bunch of tickets. [Listening, then] No. Not mine. Lilly's.  
 Veronica doing the same on the other side of the car.  
 VERONICA: Just outside of town on the PCH. About a mile from the Real Inn. [Pausing for response] It's a long story. I'll tell you when you get here.  
 Both pocket their mobiles. Cut to a little later. The impound vehicle has arrived as has Jake Kane who heads for the deputy.  
 DEPUTY SACKS: Pull it round the front.  
 IMPOUND DRIVER: Ready to go.  
 DEPUTY SACKS: Yeah. I've already got it in neutral.  
 JAKE KANE: [Calling] Officer! Officer, ah, have you called this into the Sheriff?  
 DEPUTY SACKS: Aah, no sir. We generally don't call in routine traffic violations.  
 JAKE KANE: Well, all right, why don't you give him a shout. [Heading for his son] Duncan? Did you get everything out of- [Sees Veronica] Hello, Veronica.  
 VERONICA: Mr Kane.  
 Keith has pulled up behind the police car and walks towards Veronica. He puts his arm around his daughter.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: The last time my dad and Jake Kane were in the same place at the same time, [Kane and Keith look uncomfortably at each other across the top of the car] was in a Sheriff's Department interrogation room. [Flashback to the interrogations] When Jake finished his story, Dad told the most powerful man in town that he was sure he was somehow involved in his own daughter's death.  
 Flashback to the steps of the Sheriff's Department. Jake and Duncan are surrounded by reporters and cameramen.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Jake went to the press, the adoring press, tears in his eyes and told the world how much he missed his baby and how he was wrongfully accused.  
 Cut to the inside the Sheriff's Department as Keith collects his things together.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: The fine people of Neptune gathered their pitchforks and torches, stormed the County Commissioner's Office and ran Dad out of office. [Flashback to party] My friends got on the bandwagon as well. [Flashback to the school outdoor seating area where a bag is strategically moved to deny access] They gave me a choice. I could stand by my dad [Flash of Caitlin on her pink scooter, Logan with the tire iron, Duncan with another girl at the party] or stand by Duncan and my dead best friend's family. [Cut to Veronica doing a lonely school hall walk as Duncan ignores her as she passes] I chose Dad. It's a decision I live with every day. [Cut back to the scene by the side of the road] And you want to know the kicker? [Veronica and Keith head back to Keith's car as Kane has words with his son] I don't even know what's true anymore. Maybe everyone else is right. Maybe Dad screwed up the investigation. Maybe I gave up my circle of friends, my life over an error in Dad's judgement.  
 DEPUTY SACKS: [To impound driver] Hold on, we're not going to move the car, okay. [To Kane, apologetic] So sorry Mr Kane, I had no idea.  
 JAKE KANE: Thank you.  
 Cut to Keith and Veronica in the car.  
 KEITH: So? What's up? You and Duncan starting to hang out again?  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Yeah, I'll tell you the details of my personal life if you tell me why you went after Jake Kane when to everyone else he was a heart-broken father.  
 KEITH: Honey? Are you and Duncan star-  
 VERONICA: No. School assignment, that's all. Can we stop by the Neptune Grand?  
 KEITH: What for?  
 VERONICA: The Navarro case. I need a little help.  
 KEITH: Isn't that already solved? I thought that they had the confessed criminal in jail. [Off Veronica's look] Oh, all right. Fine. What do you need me to do?  
 Veronica smiles. Cut to the Neptune Grand. Keith is leading Veronica through the foyer by the wrist. Keith plays agitated as he makes his way to reception.  
 KEITH: Excuse me. [They reach reception.] We need to talk to somebody in security right now. [Impatiently and loudly] Right now!  
 The receptionist is intimidated.  
 VERONICA: [Whispering loudly to Keith] Dad! Will you just back off and let me handle it?  
 KEITH: [Angrily] You handle it or I handle it but we're gonna get to the bottom of this, right now.  
 VERONICA: [To Keith] No! You just stand over there. You're scaring people. [To the receptionist] Hi. I'm really hoping you can help me with this.  
 RECEPTIONIST: What seems to be the problem?  
 VERONICA: I came in here about a month ago with a guy Long story short, I'm pregnant.  
 KEITH: Gee.  
 RECEPTIONIST: O-kay?  
 VERONICA: Um, here's the thing. The next part's a little embarrassing. I don't remember the guy's name. [Keith growls] Or what he looks like. Tequilla? Never again [chuckles] My dad's wondering if there's any sort of surveillance video we could take a look at or Here's the credit card bill. He had me pay for the room.  
 RECEPTIONIST: Let me go talk to my manager.  
 The receptionist leaves and Keith and Veronica pass a congratulatory look.  
 KEITH: That was good. [They move back from the desk] What?  
 VERONICA: You were a [gestures] little bit over the top.  
 KEITH: You think it worked? A little bit. I can bring it down. [Veronica repeats her gesture] You try it. You try being bad cop.  
 VERONICA: Don't make me laugh [laughing]  
 KEITH: It's easier being good cop than it is bad cop.  
 The receptionist returns with a bill which she lays on the counter.  
 RECEPTIONIST: I'm sorry but we only keep video surveillance for two weeks [Off Veronica's distraught hands to face] but I did get your detailed bill summary.  
 VERONICA: [Chirpy] Oh, thanks. [To Keith] Guess who signed for room service in a room charged to the Echolls family credit card?  
 KEITH: Who?  
 VERONICA: Logan's girlfriend, Caitlin Ford.  
 
 
 
 Cut to the school newspaper office. Veronica arrives from one direction just as Logan is coming in from another.  
 VERONICA: [As Logan passes] I know it was you.  
 LOGAN: Ha, ha. What was me?  
 VERONICA: You stole your mom's credit cards but you made a mistake when you went to the Hotel Neptune Grand 'cause you let Caitlin sign for the room service tab.  
 LOGAN: Well that's great. Prove it.  
 As Logan walks away from her, his face loses its bravado.  
 MS DENT: Veronica! I want to show you something. What do you think?  
 It is the cover of the Neptune High School Navigator. Veronica's picture of Chang surfing covers the front page with the caption "Chang Ten" and "story by Duncan Kane, photos by Veronica Mars".  
 VERONICA: Wow!  
 MS DENT: Pretty cool, huh?  
 VERONICA: Yeah.  
 Ms Dent smiles. Veronica stares proudly back at her by-line. Cut to the Sheriff's Department. Lamb stands with one of his deputies.  
 KEITH: [Offscreen] Wanted man, coming through.  
 Lamb turns to see Keith leading the burly escaped prisoner whose photo was shown in the newspaper in the diner.  
 KEITH: [To Lamb] I believe you misplaced this.  
 SHERIFF LAMB: [To the deputy] Tommy, go on, get him to holding.  
 DEPUTY TOMMY: [Taking the escapee away] Right, let's go.  
 KEITH: You don't think we should alert the media, I mean take some pictures. I thought that was standard operating procedure here now. [On Lamb's failure to rise to the bait, turning to Inga] Hi, Inga. How are Trixie and Bud?  
 INGA: Trixie just had puppies. There's still one left.  
 SHERIFF LAMB: [Interrupting] That's all.  
 KEITH: Now do you plan on cutting the reward cheque personally or should I talk to Cathy down in accounts payable? [Lamb silently turns and walks back to his office] Shall I follow you?  
 Lamb looks back but doesn't respond. Keith heads out. Cut to the schoolyard lunch area. Veronica and Wallace are sitting at their table as Troy comes up behind them and sits down next to Veronica.  
 VERONICA: That's so typical.  
 WALLACE: Yeah, yeah.  
 TROY: How's that spare tire holding out?  
 VERONICA: Aah. There it is, the quid pro quo.  
 TROY: Hey, this great nation of ours was built on quid pro quo. I am having a party on Saturday and you should come. Well, both of you.  
 WALLACE: Cool.  
 TROY: But, especially you.  
 VERONICA: Haven't you heard? I'm not allowed in the first class cabin.  
 TROY: Look. Uh, I don't believe in much but I do believe in this. When sexy, sassy girls can't come to a shindig of mine, it's time for all parties involved to stand up and just admit that, hey, maybe I was a little bit wrong or sorry. I mean let bygones be bygones, screw pride. Let's dance [grooves] baby, let's dance.  
 WALLACE: That was beautiful, man.  
 VERONICA: We'll see.  
 TROY: An open mind. That's all I ask. [Troy leaves]  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Is it that easy? Saying maybe I was wrong and get my old life back?  
 Logan passes and gives Veronica a gesture. She packs her bag.  
 WALLACE: Where you off to, superfly?  
 VERONICA: I'm gonna nail that sucker.  
 Logan joins Duncan in another area. They handslap and he sits on a low wall. He sees Caitlin talking to Troy.  
 LOGAN: And this kid Troy, how long have you known him?  
 DUNCAN: Oh, a few years. His family has the slip next to ours down at the marina. They usually come in August. Stay the month. They move around a lot. You know, wherever his dad has a project. Hey, I'm going to get a burrito. Want something?  
 LOGAN: [Staring at Troy and Caitlin, shakes his head] Nothing.  
 DUNCAN: Well you are in charge of your girlfriend's purse.  
 Duncan hands Logan a pink handbag as he leaves. Cut to Veronica in the newspaper office. She is examining the credit card charge list which includes seven telephone numbers. She pulls out her own mobile and dials the first number.  
 TELEPHONE: Hello! And thank you for calling Movieline.  
 She rings off and crosses through the number. Meanwhile, Logan spots Caitlin's mobile in her bag. He palms it and look at the 'Call Records' while keeping a wary eye on Caitlin and Troy. He runs down a list of numbers. Back to Veronica.  
 TELEPHONE: [Female voice] Hello?  
 VERONICA: Yeah, hi. Uh, this number appeared on my cell phone bill and I don't recognise it. Can you tell me who this is?  
 TELEPHONE: It's Jesse Ford. And who's this?  
 Veronica cuts off the call. She crosses off this latest number and is down to the last one. It's 619-555-0136. This is the same number that Logan has now highlighted on Caitlin's phone.  
 LOGAN: [To himself] Who's she calling at one in the morning?  
 Veronica punches in the number, Logan hits the return button. He gets through as Veronica gets a busy signal. Logan continues to observe Troy and Caitlin as he waits for an answer.  
 TELEPHONE: [Male voice] Ah, hey baby. Calling me during the school day, that's-that's daring.  
 Logan holds the phone to his ear, says nothing but stands to look round to spot the speaker. Veronica makes another call.  
 VERONICA: Dad, hey. Can you run a cell phone number for me?  
 Logan is still looking around. A lot of students are using their phones.  
 TELEPHONE: Baby? Hello? Baby? Ah, you want to play the silent game. [Laughs] Alright, baby, later we'll play a tickle game if you want.  
 Logan finally spots him. It is Weevil's relative.  
 WEEVIL'S RELATIVE: That's cool baby, I'll just talk. I know you like it. I miss you mama. I can't wait to see you.  
 Logan cuts off the call. He expels breath in a rueful grin, quickly replaced by an evil look. Cut to the school hallway where Logan and some 09er lackeys are purposefully heading for Weevil's relative who is walking ahead of them. Veronica intercepts him and pushes him into the girl's bathroom.  
 WEEVIL'S RELATIVE: Best watch it little girl.  
 VERONICA: Confess, it's good for the soul.  
 WEEVIL'S RELATIVE: What?  
 VERONICA: Moron says what.  
 WEEVIL'S RELATIVE: What?  
 VERONICA: You're busted, Chardo, do I have to spell it out for you?  
 CHARDO: Yeah, why don't you?  
 VERONICA: All right. So one day, you go to pick up your grandma at the Echolls house and she asks you to take out a bag of trash and there they are in front of you, virgin, high-limit, pre-approved credit card applications. Just phone in the confirmation code and start spending. Then you use Logan Echolls' family's credit cards to take out Caitlin Ford in the manner to which she's accustomed. Gourmet meals, five star hotels, limo rides. But the best part about it is that your cousin Weevil takes the fall for you. So you're promoted.  
 CHARDO: I didn't want that to happen. Weevil's like my brother.  
 VERONICA: Your brother's out picking up trash on the highway.  
 CHARDO: You know what? It's killing me, okay? But you see, I got a plan.  
 VERONICA: I'm all ears.  
 CHARDO: Caitlin and me. We're gonna run away. [On Veronica's laugh, with feeling] We are and once we're gone, then I'll write a confession, I'll send it back. They gotta let Weevil go then.  
 VERONICA: Chardo? Caitlin Ford is never gonna run away with you.  
 CHARDO: You don't know her.  
 VERONICA: Oh, I know her. She's a thrill seeker. Doing you was like doing the do and that's all it was. [As Chardo heads for the door] You can't go out there because Logan knows and he wants your head on a stick.  
 CHARDO: I ain't hiding, am I?  
 VERONICA: What are you going to do when Weevil finds out?  
 CHARDO: How's Weevil gonna find out.  
 VERONICA: [Quietly] You should turn yourself in.  
 CHARDO: I ain't going nowhere without her. [Sniffs] Caitlin and me, we love each other.  
 VERONICA: So tell me why every time I see her, Logan Echolls has his hands all over her.  
 Chardo pauses with his back to Veronica before wrenching the door open and exiting the bathroom. Cut to Mrs Navarro's house where Veronica sits with her at a table.  
 VERONICA: I don't understand why you're doing it. You know that Chardo gave you that pendant but you're letting Weevil do the time for him?  
 MRS NAVARRO: Eli is still 17. Chardo is 18 and he's got a record. They'd send him to prison. Weevil can do four months of juvie.  
 VERONICA: Weevil thinks he's taking the fall for you.  
 MRS NAVARRO: [Dismissively] I have dinner to fix.  
 VERONICA: Do you know what he was doing with those credit cards? [Pulling out the list of credit card charges] He spent all that money, thousands of dollars, taking out a spoiled, rich, white girl. Logan Echolls' girlfriend. You must have met her. Caitlin Ford?  
 MRS NAVARRO: Iee no, not her. Huh! She doesn't like her ice cubes made with tap water.  
 VERONICA: You lost your job and now Weevil's doing time so that Chardo can take this girl out in style.  
 MRS NAVARRO: Let me see those receipts.  
 Veronica hands them over. Cut to Weevil being dropped off home by a police car. His grandmother, who has been sitting on the porch with Veronica, races down the steps to meet him.  
 MRS NAVARRO: Eho. [They hug] Oh, it's so good to have you home.  
 WEEVIL: Veronica Mars, I hear you're to thank for this Kodak moment. Didn't you get the memo? The bad guy was already in jail. Gimme some love. [Hugs her]  
 MRS NAVARRO: Eho, I wanna make you something to eat.  
 WEEVIL: [As she goes into the house] Okay.  
 VERONICA: You should know. The judge issued a warrant for Chardo after authorising your release. They're out looking for him.  
 WEEVIL: Yeah, well. They won't be the only ones.  
 VERONICA: Logan and the 09er's are after Chardo too. You should find him before they do.  
 WEEVIL: We'll find them.  
 Cut to Chado, getting off his bike in front of the Ford residence. He is talking into his phone.  
 CHARDO: Baby, it's me. I'm outside. This is it. It's time to go, it's what we talked about. Caitlin! Look outside your window. I'm here. [Caitlin appears at the window and stares down at him] What's wrong, baby?  
 Some 09ers have gathered behind Chardo.  
 CHARDO: Is everything okay?  
 Some more 09ers step out from behind trees in front of him. Caitlin watches impassively from her window. He's surrounded. A car pulls up. Logan gets out.  
 LOGAN: [Addressing Chardo but looking up at Caitlin] Well. If it isn't the bad apple thinking he can steal my girl.  
 CHARDO: I already stole your girlfriend. You're just too dumb to know it.  
 Logan punches him in the face and he goes down. Logan places his foot on Chardo's chest. Bikes can be heard coming closer and Weevil's gang come round the corner and stop. Logan increases the pressure of his foot on Chardo.  
 ONE OF THE 09ERS: Check it out man [indistinguishable].  
 CHARDO: Sweet music, huh? [Leers]  
 LOGAN: [To the 09ers] Hold him.  
 BLONDE 09ER: Don't move.  
 LOGAN: Well, I guess this is what they call inevitable, huh? Hey look, you even got home court advantage.  
 WEEVIL: Let's talk.  
 ONE OF THE 09ERS: What's up with that, man.  
 The 09ers chatter as Weevil and Logan move off to talk privately and briefly.  
 LOGAN: [To the Blonde 09er holding Chardo down] Let him go.  
 BLONDE 09ER: Logan!  
 LOGAN: I said let him go.  
 The 09ers are disappointed and grumble. Logan drives off as Chardo climbs back onto his bike. He looks back up at Caitlin who disappears back behind the curtains. Cut to the beach. Chardo is in the middle of the group, tapping fists as Weevil stands a little apart from them.  
 CHARDO: You're the man, you know what I'm saying. You were there for me. I like that. I appreciate it, you know what I'm saying. [To Weevil] Most of all to you man. I'm sorry you had to take the fall. I was gonna get you out. You and me, we're brothers.  
 Chardo holds his hand up to grab Weevil's but Weevil ignores it and looks down at the ground.  
 WEEVIL: You're out. Out of the club. Out of my life. And you know what that means.  
 Weevil turns his back and walks away from him as the gang move closer around Chardo.  
 CHARDO: Weevil, come on! Cous! Hey, let me make it up to you. Eli! Eli!  
 The bikers start beating on him.  
 WEEVIL: Pull them off before they go too far.  
 FELIX: You got it boss.  
 Felix joins the beating as Weevil rides off alone. Cut to the offices of Mars Investigations.  
 VERONICA: Dad?  
 KEITH: Yeah, honey.  
 VERONICA: What made you go after Jake Kane?  
 KEITH: What makes you ask?  
 VERONICA: Other than that question defines our very existence? I think if I knew more about the case and the evidence  
 KEITH: Honey, it's ugly. I want thoughts of Lilly's death out of your head. I don't wanna pour more into it.  
 VERONICA: I can handle it.  
 KEITH: Let's look at it this way. If I knew what would happen to us, that your mom would leave, that school would get tougher for you, I never would have pursued Jake Kane the way I did.  
 VERONICA: I still wanna know.  
 KEITH: I know you do. Let's go home.  
 Cut to Veronica walking into the Sheriff's Department.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: A couple of weeks before Lilly was murdered and Dad was still Sheriff, she and I snuck into the backroom and made ourselves fake IDs so we could get into clubs. I had them sent to my house. The arrived days after her body was discovered. I stuck them in a drawer and forgot about them until the deputy mentioned Lilly's October 3rd ticket. The good thing about visiting the Sheriff's Department on a Sunday, is that most of the people who work on weekends don't remember me. They're new.  
 NOT INGA: Is there something I can help you with?  
 VERONICA: Yeah, the insurance company called my dad and said we had an outstanding ticket. Um, there's the licence number.  
 NOT INGA: OK and can I see your ID?  
 Veronica pulls out an ID and hands it over just as Lamb comes up behind her. Not Inga gestures 'just a minute' and walks away from the counter.  
 SHERIFF LAMB: What are you doing here?  
 VERONICA: I'm just paying off a ticket. [As he walks away] Hey, any luck finding Chardo Navarro? No? You should talk to my dad, he's really good at that sort of thing.  
 SHERIFF LAMB: You got a smart mouth, kid.  
 Veronica smiles sweetly and shrugs. Lamb heads into his office just as Not Inga returns.  
 NOT INGA: Yeah, I don't think there's any wiggle room on this one.  
 VERONICA: Thanks. I'll mail in the payment.  
 NOT INGA: All right, Miss Kane. Sorry 'bout the bad news.  
 Lamb pops his head out of the office, unsure of what he heard (or not). Cut to a close up of the information Veronica has collected. It is a copy of both a ticket and photos of the licence plate of Lilly's car and one of her driving. She is smiling broadly. Veronica is sitting at one of the school outdoor tables.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: I haven't gone more than 30 minutes without glancing at the ticket. One of those automated intersection cameras caught Lilly running a red light at 6:02PM, almost two hours after her supposed time of death. I don't know if it's the photo of Lilly, singing and smiling on the final day of her life that's been haunting me or the fact that suddenly none of the Kanes have alibis that hold up - Jake, Celeste, even Duncan. Dad was right. The case doesn't add up. I made a choice a long time ago. Stand by Dad or stand by the people tearing him down.  
 Troy sits down next to her. She folds the ticket away.  
 TROY: You didn't make it Saturday night.  
 VERONICA: I guess I didn't feel I was even a little bit wrong or sorry.  
 TROY: Well a wise man once said that a 'No' is like a 'Yes' except with different letters and arranged in a different order and spoken out loud but, you know, it disappears on the wind.  
 Veronica is amused and smiles as Wallace joins them at the table.  
 WALLACE: There goes the neighbourhood. They just put Golden Tee in at Sac-n-Pac. You need to go there 'cause your not going to get your free game-  
 VERONICA: Guys. Look.  
 Behind Wallace the 09ersare gathered. Caitlin goes to sit next to Logan when one of the girls deliberately moves to block her. Caitlin tries to move in further down but she is again blocked. Veronica watches with pained familiarity. Caitlin is well and truly ostracised and walks away.  
 WALLACE: Hate to be her.  
 VERONICA: Yeah, that would suck. [Shaking it off] I've never played Golden Tee but I'm pretty sure I can kick both your asses.  
 Veronica leads them out to head for the Sac-n-Pac.  
 TROY: Ooh.  
 WALLACE: Wo-ho.  
 TROY: Lead the way.  
 VERONICA: I'm just saying 
 TROY: I think we got a competition 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 