Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x03 - Meet John Smith - Veronica Mars 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x03 - Meet John Smith https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=874&t=32622 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/25/19 11:35 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x03 - Meet John Smith 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Previously on Veronica Mars ... Duncan Kane. His billionaire software, Jake Kane. He used to be my boyfriend. Then one day ...  
 Accompanied by various scenes: Duncan Kane walks towards camera; Veronica watches from her table; flashback to Duncan and Veronica kissing as they walk; Lilly and Veronica washing a car.  
 LILLY: I've got a secret. A good one.  
 The Kane residence the night of Lilly's murder.  
 VERONICA: Duncan, what happened! Where's Lilly?  
 Veronica sees the body; school.  
 LOGAN: Does your dad still think that Lilly's father did this? That's Duncan's sister, your friend? 
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: My dad's belief that Jake Kane was the murderer became a moot point. An emergency recall election removed him from office. A month after Dad lost his job, Mom split for good. It's been eight months since I've seen my mother.  
 Accompanied by various scenes: interrogation room with Keith and Jake Kane; Keith's carrying his stuff out of the Sheriff's Department; Lianne and Keith arguing; Veronica overhearing; Lianne's letter to Veronica. End Previously. The scene opens with the head of the busy school.  
 BOY # 1: [Offscreen] Sarah Kramer.  
 Camera reveals three boys watching her from one of the tables.  
 BOY # 2: You are gay. The girl's a model.  
 BOY # 1: She's in my class 
 BOY # 3: Yeah, she's cute in a Hilary Duff meet with the gallery of Teen People kind of way. She's not hot.  
 Boy # 2 spots Veronica and gestures in her direction.  
 BOY # 2: Her.  
 BOY # 1: Who, Veronica Mars?  
 BOY # 2: Yeah. She comes into the video store.  
 BOY # 3: Do you know her dad's a private detective?  
 BOY # 2: Seriously?  
 BOY # 3: No, in a movie. Yes, seriously and she works with him. Eight and a half, that's my final offer.  
 BOY # 2: Dude. S-she's that smokin 'and a private eye? That's gotta make her at least a nine.  
 Troy runs to catch up to Veronica as she continues along.  
 TROY: Guess what I'm doing this weekend.  
 VERONICA: I'm guessing it involves autoeroticism. 
 TROY: Close. I will be cruising the marina in my dad's Saber 386. That's a luxury sailboat. You know, wind through my hair, Strokes blasting through the speakers and, with any luck, a wide-eyed impressionable vixen by my side.  
 VERONICA: Printable, me? Ha.  
 TROY: Wo-wo-wo-whoa. I said 'impressionable'. Not-not you. You know, you might want to check your ego at the door there, missy.  
 Troy walks on leaving Veronica standing. She looks after him, smiling, until a student collides into her, knocking her files out of her arms and rushing on.  
 VERONICA: Thanks, man.  
 As Veronica picks up her stuff, Duncan bends down to help. He is dark and says nothing as he stands up and walks on with Logan. 
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: The weird thing about going to school with your ex is they're inescapable. Everywhere you turn, there they are.  
 New scene: Duncan floats in a pool, sunglasses and iPod equipped. He gently paddles to "No Blue Sky" by the Thorns 
SONG: Cold outside 
But I do not blame the weather 
No one's calling 
No one's at the door 
But I can not stay inside all day 
Blinds pulled to the floor ...  
 JAKE KANE: [Blocking Duncan's sun from the side of the pool] It's a beautiful day, huh? A beautiful lazy day. Are you gonna get off that raft anytime soon?  
 Duncan languidly removes his iPod earpiece and stares impassively up at his father.  
 DUNCAN: What? 
 JAKE: [Pacing the edge of the pool] Listen, I was, uh, I was thinking about next summer. And my friend, Ron Curtis, he's an advisor for Senator Rake in Washington. Now, he's got an internship that is opening in his office. I think you should write him a letter and you should express your interest in politics. You could, uh, you could tell him about it, you can tell him about it, you know what you mean, you know what you did for Schwarzenegger ...  
 Jake's words drift away Duncan disinterestedly replaces his earpiece.  
 SONG: ... But the sun never looked so pretty down ...  
 Cut to the exterior of the Mars' apartment block. It's late. 
 KEITH: [Offscreen] So I got a call from your Guidance Counselor today ...  
 Cut to inside. Keith and Veronica are eating supper.  
 KEITH: ... and she wants to see me. Any idea what for?  
 VERONICA: Nope.  
 KEITH: Have you been playing nice with the other children?  
 VERONICA: You know, Dad, I'm Old School. An eye for an eye.  
 KEITH: I think that's actually Old Testament.  
 VERONICA: Hm.  
 KEITH: Come on. No help? You're not gonna give me any idea of ​​what to expect?  
 VERONICA: Honestly I have not a clue. Can I ask you a question?  
 Keith nods.  
 VERONICA: What do you think Mom was doing the Camelot motel with Jake Kane two weeks ago.  
 He sags.  
 KEITH: I told you to stay away from that case. 
 VERONICA: I just do not understand. She's only in Arizona. Why-have not you been looking for hermetically  
 KEITH: Veronica. Please.  
 Veronica stares at her father upset. She gives up and attempts to lighten the mood.  
 VERONICA: How 'bout those Padres?  
 It does not work. Keith wordlessly collects his plate and leaves a thoughtful Veronica at the table. Kane residence at the table.  
 JAKE: You know, I just want to see him passionate about something.  
 CELESTE: As long as it's something you're passionate about.  
 JAKE: No. Anything. You know, he's not going to get a good deal.  
 CELESTE: I think we could be a little more patient, Jake. 
 JAKE: We all lost Lilly and we all miss her. But that does not mean we stop living our lives.  
 Throughout, Duncan takes no interest in the conversation, stares dumbly down to his plate and plays aimlessly with his food. Cut back to Keith and Veronica in their modest kitchen. Things are still a little strained.  
 KEITH: Got any more liquid soap?  
 VERONICA: Check underneath the sink. I'm gonna go to the library, okay? Do not wait up.  
 Veronica kisses her father on the cheek and leaves. Back at the Kane's, Duncan rises from the table.  
 CELESTE: Where are you going, sweetie?  
 DUNCAN: Just over to Shelley's.  
 CELESTE: OK. Well please be back before 11. It's school tomorrow. 
 Duncan acknowledges with a brief nod and leaves. Cut to the blue screen of a flashback. Veronica and Duncan are going hot and heavy in the back of a car. However, Veronica does not have long hair and both are wearing the same clothes as in the above scenes. Cut to Veronica abruptly sitting up in bed, panting heavily from her dream. Opening credits. Scene opens on the inside of a video store A brunette woman approaches with a video and is served by Boy # 2 from the teaser. She hands him a DVD.  
 WOMAN: Excellent recommendation as always. Thank you.  
 BOY # 2: Oh yeah. Kevin Spacey is so amazing in this. And you should check out "Body Heat".  
 An older assistant boy slaps # 2 on the chest with a couple of DVDs.  
 ASSISTANT: These are late. 
 WOMAN: Buh-bye.  
 BOY # 2: See ya.  
 VERONICA: [Offscreen] Rent it if you want to rent it. I'm just saying, I'm not gonna watch it.  
 Veronica comes into view, following Keith and pauses at the counter as Keith moves on.  
 VERONICA: [To Boy # 2] There's only a lot of things going on in this girl. "Slapshot", you know what? I'm saying?  
 BOY # 2: So, um, is it true?  
 VERONICA: That's what it says on the sign.  
 BOY # 2: And you work with him?  
 VERONICA: Sometimes.  
 BOY # 2: Can I talk to you about something?  
 VERONICA: Sure.  
 BOY # 2: It's kinda private.  
 VERONICA: [Looking around the store] Find me at school tomorrow.  
 BOY # 2: OK. 
 KEITH: [Coming to the counter] I got "The Cowboys" too, just in case we need a backup.  
 Veronica gestures behind Keith to Boy # 2 Keith has checked out this movie. Cut to the Kane kitchen. Duncan takes a container of milk from the fridge and drinks from it.  
 CELESTE: Duncan? This is me reminding you to take your pill. Darling, there's absolutely no shame in taking anti-depressants. I do not know anyone who has not used them at some point in their lives. I know it's been rough since your sister died. More you've only been on them for what? Six months. Just give them a little more time.  
 Duncan juggles the tablet standing over the sink. Unseen by Celeste, the tablet drops down the plug hole.  
 CELESTE: Oh, will you be home for dinner? 
 DUNCAN: Yeah, sure thing, Mom.  
 CELESTE: Good.  
 Celeste leaves as Duncan stares down into the sink. Cut to the busy school hallway. Veronica stops as someone cuts in front of her and looks around. She sees Duncan at his locker with Logan. Everyone speeds past her as she pauses in reverie. Eventually, Troy bumps into her.  
 TROY: Oh hey. What's going on?  
 VERONICA: Let's go out.  
 TROY: Finally! The girl comes to her senses.  
 They move on Duncan and Logan come up from behind them.  
 LOGAN: Hey, did you hook up with Shelley last night?  
 DUNCAN: Uh, she's a talker. She's a talker, you know. Turns out she has conflicted feelings towards her new step-mom and the color scheme the woman's chosen for the family rec 
 LOGAN: I hate it when they talk.  
 DUNCAN: Yeah, I know it.  
 LOGAN: [Tronic and Veronica spotting talking by the lockers] Hey, have you noticed that the new kid in town has, uh, been all over your ex-trailer-park?  
 DUNCAN: Let it be, Logan.  
 LOGAN: OK, nowhere man, you're the fool on the hill. See if I care. [On Duncan's sudden pale sweatiness] Dude, you do not look so hot.  
 Duncan does a hang on gesture and rushes away. Logan looks back over at Veronica. Cut to the bathroom. Duncan splashes water on his face. He looks at himself and seems to find an unbidden clarity. Logan is smirking over one of Duncan's notebooks as he waits and puts back Duncan's bag as Duncan comes out of the bathroom and joins him.  
 LOGAN: You okay? 
 DUNCAN: Never better.  
 LOGAN: OK. [On Veronica dragging Boy # 2 in the girls' restroom] That girl is seriously whack.  
 Duncan shakes his head in bemusement and the scene shifts to Veronica and the boy. Veronica checks to make sure they are alone.  
 BOY # 2: I do not think  
 VERONICA: You wanna talk?  
 BOY # 2: Uh, yeah. Do you think you could find someone for me?  
 VERONICA: Who?  
 BOY # 2: M-my father. He ran out about ten years ago and has not heard from him since.  
 VERONICA: Sounds like a winner. Are you sure you wanna find him?  
 BOY # 2: Well, yeah ... 
 Veronica races to the door to a couple of girls trying to enter. She shuts the door on them and shoves a wedge under the door with her foot.  
 BOY # 2: ... but mainly I just gotta know what happened to him, you know?  
 VERONICA: Why now? Why did not you look for him before?  
 BOY # 2: Well ... um ... my mom got laid off a couple months ago aa-and she's working these two really crappy jobs and I'm working too. And we barely get by.  
 VERONICA: What can you tell me about him?  
 BOY # 2: Well I have not seen him since I was about six or so.  
 VERONICA: OK, can you get me a picture?  
 BOY # 2: Mom destroyed them all.  
 VERONICA: Last known address.  
 BOY # 2: I was born in LA so we lived there 'til I was about two. 
 VERONICA: Can you get your hands on your social security number?  
 BOY # 2: Ummm, no.  
 VERONICA: Date of birth?  
 BOY # 2: Nuh-uh.  
 VERONICA: All right, the name. Can we manage that?  
 BOY # 2: It's John. Smith.  
 Cut to the school office area. A woman approaches Keith.  
 COUNSELOR: [Shaking hands] Mr Mars, hi. Thank you for coming in.  
 KEITH: Miss James, yeah. I was a little surprised by your call.  
 MISS JAMES: Oh, I do not want you to worry. Veronica's an excellent student. [Leading him into her office] I think she's amazing. She's got a great mind.  
 KEITH: So what exactly am I here? 
 MISS JAMES: Um ... [closing the door] ... well we've noticed a dramatic change over the last year. She's late, she's late, a lot, she had attitude with some teachers, she falls asleep in class and socially, she seems to be a bit isolated.  
 KEITH: Yeah. Yeah, she's gone through a rough year.  
 MISS JAMES: I know. I know how close she was with Lilly Kane.  
 KEITH: I'd say Veronica's doing pretty well given the circumstances. Where are you going with all this?  
 MISS JAMES: Look, if you find this difficult and many single fathers of daughters do, I would be more than happy to  
 KEITH: [Prickly] No, no. I can handle it, thank you for the heads up.  
 MISS JAMES: Anytime. 
 Keith leaves. Cut to the Kane's dinner table. This time, Duncan follows his parents bickering as if it were a tennis match.  
 JAKE: A life coach? [Laughs mockingly]  
 CELESTE: Did not we just have a discussion about our lack of focus?  
 JAKE: Oh no, you're-you're right. Let's get him an astrologist, too. Maybe aa past life consultant. [Amusing himself no end] Throw in a Pilates coach. If yours can free up some time.  
 DUNCAN: [Reason for your glasses everyone, I'd like to make a toast. [His parents are surprised by this sudden show of animation] To Molly.  
 JAKE: Molly? W-who's Molly?  
 CELESTE: Our old dog, the lab. 
 DUNCAN: Yes, sweet old Molly, God rest her soul, but boy could that dog catch a frisbee. Huh! If only she had the good sense in our flower beds, she'd still be with us.  
 CELESTE: Duncan! Honey, it's been six years. When are you going to let this go? I'm sure she was in a very happy home.  
 DUNCAN: To Molly! The best friend has a boy could have.  
 Duncan drinks, slams his glass down on the table and walks out.  
 BOY # 3: [Offscreen] Are you going to study group later?  
 Cut to Nepturne High School. The boy from the video store and one of the others from the teaser walk across the grounds.  
 BOY # 2: Owen, dude, I can not. I'm gonna hook up with Veronica Mars.  
 OWEN: Yeah, and I'm going parasailing with Halle Berry. 
 BOY # 2: No, I'm serious. She's working this case for me. She's gonna help me find my missing dad.  
 OWEN: Correct me if I'm wrong, did not you like it, like, seven years ago?  
 BOY # 2: Well, then, I guess it's gonna take her long time to find him. Oh yeah.  
 He smiles back at an impressed Owen as he moves on. Cut to Mars Investigations. Veronica is at the desk in the office and Wallace is stuffing envelopes on the other side of the desk. Veronica is recording a message as Keith enters the office.  
 VERONICA: [Into the phone] Hello. You've reached the administration office of the Stamford summer program. [Sign in to leave a comment] 
 Wallace stands and turns to face Keith who looks for a moment and holds his hand.  
 KEITH: Keith Mars.  
 WALLACE: [Shaking hands manfully] Hi, Sir. Wallace Fennel.  
 VERONICA: [Boastfully] Wallace is a friend of mine. [Performs a martial arts finishing gesture with her hands] Take that, High School Guidance Counselor.  
 KEITH: Well, hello Wallace. Now what's going on here? 
 VERONICA: Helping a kid at school in his deadbeat dad, the somewhat inconveniently named John Smith. But I have narrowed the field down to 440 John Smiths. So I'm sending each of them a letter addressed to his congratulating him on his scholarship and I figure it out to John Smith. got the wrong address.  
 KEITH: Part of me is proud ... and let's just leave it at that.  
 VERONICA: Oh, I used one of the dedicated phone lines. I hope that's all right. We're gonna trace all the calls that come in.  
 KEITH: [To Wallace] So how did she rope you into this?  
 WALLACE: She promised me all the keys to- [off Veronica's warning look] She's promised to be my friend. 
 KEITH: I'd've held out for a better offer. [Veronica grins] I'll be in my office. [Disappears Into His office and shuts the door]  
 VERONICA: [Quietly] Hey would you do me a favor?  
 WALLACE: Why did not all the hair on the back of my neck just stick up?  
 VERONICA: It's not that big of a deal, just ... the next time you're in the Administration Office, could you borrow my permanent file? I want to see what counsellor is telling Dad.  
 WALLACE: Oh yeah, no big deal. I can get expelled for that.  
 Veronica sweaters face and Wallace nods resignedly.  
 CELESTE: [Offscreen] Morning, darling.  
 Cut to the family kitchen. Celeste Duncan kisses.  
 CELESTE: The pill's on the counter. N'oubliez pas.  
 DUNCAN: Great. Thanks. 
 CELESTE: [Heading out of the kitchen] Sophia?  
 Duncan takes the tablet and the glass of water and the mother talks to the maid, Duncan deliberately drops the tablet into the sink.  
 CELESTE: [To Sophia] I'll be out for a few hours. While I'm gone, I'd like to take out-  
 Cut to Neptune High.  
 WALLACE: Did you call your geometry teacher a jackass?  
 VERONICA: That's totally taken out of context. Let me see it.  
 WALLACE: [Holding it away] Ah-ah-ah-ah. Hold up, grabby. I'm discovering a whole new side of you. Damn, Miss Applebaum loved her some Veronica Mars. [Reading] "Veronica Mars is a complete angel and a joy in class every day".  
 VERONICA: [As they sit on a low wall] Mrs Applebaum? That file goes to the second grade? 
 In the background, Boy # 2, sitting at a table, turns and sees them and heads towards them.  
 WALLACE: Kindergarten. [Looking at the file again] Awww, sweet. You wrote your teacher a poem.  
 VERONICA: OK, yes, I was a kiss-ass. You've gone out now I can not see it?  
 As Boy # 2 on them, hides the file under his jacket.  
 BOY # 2: So, uh, any leads yet?  
 VERONICA: We should know something by next week.  
 BOY # 2: Oh, h-hey, I've got something for you. [Digging into his bag] I just burned a few songs for you. [Handing over a CD] It has the new 311 on there.  
 VERONICA: Thanks.  
 BOY # 2: Wel-, you know, I just thought you were a stakeout or something, yeah, okay, later. 
 Justin leaves, Wallace laughs and Veronica casts him a doleful look.  
 WALLACE: He brought you a mixed tape.  
 VERONICA: Shut up. Hey, do me a favor.  
 WALLACE: Please be kidding.  
 VERONICA: Get me his file.  
 Cut to Troy and Veronica at a restaurant.  
 TROY: So we get the idea to make it onto America's Funniest Home Videos with this fake shark plan.  
 VERONICA: Oh my god, I remember that. That was you?  
 TROY: The plan was to cut off the dorsal fin, nail it to a board, strap the board to my back and have me swim around the public beach. And Duncan's gonna stand on the shore and videotape the mob scene. But it never happens. I'm swimming out there for like, 15 minutes. No one even notices.  
 VERONICA: [Laughing] You guys were idiots. 
 TROY: Yes. Yes, we were. Finally, lifeguard, he spots me. The clod pulls out a rifle. OK, lucky for me Duncan spots him. He goes sprinting towards the lifeguard tower. He was bawling his eyes out, I might add. So, h-he's running, he's shouting, he's saying 'no, no-no, do not shoot, that's my friend, that's my friend'. [Pause] Saved my life.  
 VERONICA: [Wryly] That's one way of looking at it.  
 TROY: [Of the muzak playing in the background] I'm kinda-I'm kind of tired of this song. [Bangs his fist on the mini-jukebox on the table to no effect] I would have expected s*x had that worked.  
 VERONICA: Had that worked, you would have gotten it. Try it again.  
 TROY: [Looking around] Check!  
 Veronica giggles. Cut to them walking along a walk. 
 TROY: Let me see your phone.  
 Veronica hands it over. Troy keys.  
 VERONICA: What are you doing?  
 TROY: It is now booty call enabled.  
 VERONICA: In case I need a little late night action?  
 TROY: Action. Investment advice. Whatever.  
 He hands her back her phone as they reach her car.  
 TROY: So ... [Moving in]  
 VERONICA: I should really get home. I'd invite you to go to school and go to school. He says he can look into a guy's eyes and tell his true intentions which I know sounds like a myth, but I-  
 As Louque's "Art" starts up, Troy bends down to cut her off with a kiss. Veronica flinches back.  
 TROY: Aah, o-kay then.  
 Troy gently takes her hand for a soft handshake. 
 TROY: [Doing a flourished bow] And good night to you, ma'am.  
 Troy opens the door for Veronica and closes it behind her. He nods his head and walks back to his own car. Veronica watches regretfully. 
SONG: Heading down and I'd run. 
Taking all with soul 
Life Delay, thesis vacancies 
Eee-ooo ...  
 Cut to Veronica sneaking into the apartment, unsuccessfully as Keith HAS Waited up for her.  
 KEITH: How was your date?  
 VERONICA: Aah, you know. Lousy conversation but the s*x was fantastic.  
 KEITH: That's not funny.  
 SONG: I'm drowning ...  
 VERONICA: I do not know. I'm pretty sure it was. 
SONG: ... Keep running, keep running 
Your time's coming- 
 The music cuts with Veronica closing the door as she walks into her bedroom.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Brain? Check. Dead sexy? Check. Devilish charm? Check. Great scrabble opponent? Who cares? [Falling onto her bed] What's wrong with you, Veronica? What are you waiting for?  
 Cut to another scene of present-day Veronica and Duncan making out in a car. They sink below the bottom of the screen.  
 DUNCAN: Veronica.  
 The girl jerks the couple back into view. It is still Duncan, but the girl is not Veronica.  
 SHELLEY: [Offended] What did you just call me?  
 DUNCAN: [Thinking hard] Uhhh ...  
 Duncan does not hide that he finds the situation hilarious. Cut to Neptune High. Wallace approaches with a file as Veronica closes her locker. 
 WALLACE: Justin's permanent file. [Handing it over] You might want to take a look at that.  
 VERONICA: Why, is it going to self-destruct in five seconds?  
 Veronica reads and looks at Wallace in disbelief. Cut to outside. Justin, Owen and the other boy are at one of the tables. Veronica steps up to them.  
 VERONICA: I need to talk to Justin. [Off the looks of the other two] Alone.  
 They slink away.  
 JUSTIN: See'ya guys.  
 VERONICA: [Placing a sheet of paper in front of him] Explain this.  
 JUSTIN: My evaluation from the first grade?  
 VERONICA: Yeah. Read it to me.  
 JUSTIN: "Justin shows talent in his finger-painting and other arts and crafts projects."  
 VERONICA: Further down. 
 JUSTIN: "This behavior is not surprising in the light of his ... father's recent death." [Sheepishly] Whoops.  
 VERONICA: [Pissed off] Everything you told me was a lie, Justin. You wereted my time. That drives me crazy. And you owe me $ 150 in postage.  
 SCHOOL OFFICE WORKER: [Offscreen] Excuse me. [Coming into view] Are you Justin Smith?  
 JUSTIN: [Standing] Yeah?  
 SCHOOL OFFICE WORKER: [Handling over an envelope] This came for you.  
 JUSTIN: Thanks. [Opening it] It's the, uh, scholarship letter that you feel out. And there's a note. [Handling it to Veronica and sinking down into his seat] I-it's from my father.  
 They stare at each other. 
 SONG: I should not have to ...  
 Keith knocks and enters.  
 KEITH: Someone to see you.  
 VERONICA: Describe this someone.  
 KEITH: White male, pint-sized, desperate and not having a good day.  
 SONG: ... All I need is ...  
 Veronica rolls her eyes but gets up. Cut to Justin, outside the front door of the Mars' apartment.  
 JUSTIN: Hey. So ... II bicycled all over here. I just wanted to say I'm sorry.  
 VERONICA: You could have saved it 'til tomorrow.  
 JUSTIN: So, aah, I showed my mom his letter. She got all mad. Made me promise to try and find my dad.  
 Veronica is leaning against the edge of the open door of the apartment. Keith can be seen inside, within earshot.  
 VERONICA: So he really is alive. 
 JUSTIN: My mom said I was actually better off this way. Thinking he was dead.  
 VERONICA: Maybe you were.  
 Keith raises his head in concern at this.  
 JUSTIN: I mean, I have a dad somewhere out there in the world. How can I not find and find out what happened to him? It would kill me.  
 VERONICA: [Relenting] Let me see the letter again.  
 Veronica takes the letter. Cut to a computer screen bearing the title "The Invisible Eye.Net Worldwide Investigation Services". The name 'John Smith' is being entered into a Multi-Database Search.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: The letter Justin received from his long-lost dad bore in San Diego postmark. Of the 440 John Smiths out there, only three were in San Diego. 
 Veronica is in her room, on the laptop. There is a soft knock at the door.  
 VERONICA: Come in.  
 KEITH: [Quietly] Hey. Could not help but overhear.  
 VERONICA: Yeah, sorry.  
 KEITH: No, it's not that. It's just that I never want you to think your mom's the villain in all this.  
 VERONICA: Is not she?  
 KEITH: No, it's not that simple.  
 VERONICA: Yeah it is. The hero is the one who stays and the villain is the one that splits.  
 KEITH: I do not think that's a healthy prospect.  
 VERONICA: It's healthier than me pining away every day praying she'll come home.  
 Keith can not think of what to say and leaves. 
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: The truth was I'd figured out exactly where my mother was staying. [On the laptop, Veronica matches the plate to an address] But I was not sure about that.  
 She writes it down on a post-it and pins it to her board. It reads: "304 Paraket Lane, Phoenix Az 85207".  
 VERONICA: [Offscreen] Wait up.  
 Cut to Neptune High. Veronica runs to catch up with Troy.  
 TROY: Do not run Veronica, people might think that you're desperate.  
 VERONICA: That would be a step up, reputation wise.  
 TROY: I guess you're asking. 
 They head off in the same direction as a couple of rushing lacrosse players. Cut to the lacrosse field where a driving game is in play, then to the bleachers where Duncan, Logan and six other 09ers are watching and whooping.  
 DUNCAN: Go Padres.  
 There are more shouts and much laughing and clapping.  
 LOGAN: [To Duncan] Hey, uh, I thought your boy toy was going to join us for Happy Hour this afternoon. [Opening the flask] You do not suppose that, uh, he got waylaid by Veronica, do you?  
 Duncan whips round abruptly and grabs the flask. Logan shoots up and for a moment, it looks like it could get nasty as Duncan squares up to a wary Logan. Then Duncan raises his eyebrows, waves his head and adopts a Hollywood Chinese accent. 
 DUNCAN: Ooooh, Grasshopper too slow for Kung-Fu Master. If you can take the flask out of my hand then you will be ... [as Logan lunges for him] ... new master.  
 They wrestle.  
 BLONDE 09ER: Let's do it, man.  
 Meanwhile, the Blonde 09er and another get up and move offscreen. Duncan frees himself from Logan and holds short on a higher step.  
 DUNCAN: Wait, wait, wait. Guys! Check it out guys. Six guys. Bleachers. Jump in when you're feeling this, okay? [Singing, badly] Summer loving had me blast.  
 LOGAN: [Amongst the laughter] What has gotten into you man?  
 BLONDE 09ER: Hey, check it out. 
 The others look over to see the non-blonde 09er climb onto the side of the bleachers, with the help of Blonde 09er, and backwards flip off. They race to the railings. The boy has fallen on the floor and is unhurt. Various impressed comments of congratulations are made. The others head back to where they were sitting for Duncan, who spots Troy and Veronica walking along the side of the stand. He watches.  
 VERONICA: I think I might have given you the wrong impression. I had a really great time. I just ...  
 LOGAN: It's just that you need more, a) time, b) space- 
 Veronica cuts with a kiss. Duncan turns away and heads back to Logan, waiting for him on the bleachers. He hands Logan back his flask then spins round and with a war-cry, he races for the edge. He hand-stands on the rail and falls. He falls more than the other 09er and he he hits the mats, he bounces off and rolls hard across the ground. Veronica breaks off her kiss and races over. Troy follows. Logan races to the edge to look down just as Veronica gets to Duncan who, in a bad continuity moment, is now just under the matting. The 09ers join Logan and keep up their good spirits.  
 LOGAN: [Laughing] You okay man? What was that, a triple klutz?  
 Veronica is on her knees, Duncan's head holding, Troy stands by them. 
 DUNCAN: [Cheerily to Veronica, who looks at the blood on his hand from his head] Hey. [Laughs]  
 VERONICA: He needs to go to the hospital.  
 LOGAN: Hey Duncan, open your mouth. This will help.  
 Logan opens the hip flash and sprinkles out its contents. They splash Veronica who is unimpressed. She and Troy get Duncan up and carry him to the shouts of the drunken 09ers. Cut to the car park. Duncan is now pressing a white towel to the back of his head.  
 TROY: Death defying stunts. Gushing head wound. [Duncan laughs] You're the man, brother.  
 DUNCAN: [As Troy gets into Veronica's car] And, I almost stuck the landing.  
 Veronica gets into the driver's seat as Troy leans over into the car. "Edge of the Ocean" by Ivy starts up. 
 TROY: You sure do not want some help?  
 VERONICA: No. Thanks. I got it. [To Duncan, impatiently] Put your seatbelt on. And hold the towel tighter.  
 Troy accepts that he is no match for Veronica's attention and steps back as she pulls out. They drive out. 
SONG: There's a place I dream about where 
the sun goes 
and the sky is deep and blue 
Will  
 they drive, Veronica steals a glance at Duncan. He looks up at the sky, removes the bloody towel and turns his head to gaze at her.  
 DUNCAN: Remember how things used to be.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: You mean between us? Or before Lilly died? Or two weeks ago before your friend took an interest in me?  
 DUNCAN: Veronica? 
 VERONICA: [Snapping] Not really no.  
 He looks at her a little surprised. He puts the towel back on his head again and they drive on in silence. 
SONG: ... Ohhh, we can begin again. 
Shed our skin, let the sun shine in. 
At the edge of the ocean 
We can start over again ...  
 Cut to an examination room.  
 NURSE: Do you want your girlfriend to stay in here with you?  
 VERONICA: Oh, I'm not his girlfriend-  
 DUNCAN: Yeah, yeah that's cool.  
 They share a tender look.  
 JAKE: [Offscreen] Why, here you are.  
 As the nurse walks out, Jake walks in, pleased to see his son. He is not so pleased to see Veronica.  
 JAKE: [Sighs] Veronica. We meet again.  
 VERONICA: What are the odds? 
 DUNCAN: Veronica brought me in.  
 JAKE: Thank you Veronica. [Dismissively] I think I can handle it from here.  
 VERONICA: OK, II have ... stuff to do anyway, so ...  
 Jake looks at the head wound, Duncan nods and Veronica heads for the door. She looks back and they share another comradely look before she goes.  
 JAKE: Jeez. Off to bleach.  
 Cut to x-ray pictures being put on a wall light box by a doctor.  
 DOCTOR: Well, everything is fine. There's no fractures. Nothing that, uh, a few stitches will not fix.  
 JAKE: II still do not understand how this happened, Duncan. What possessed you to jump off a set of bleachers?  
 DUNCAN: Dad? Can I talk with Dr. Levine for a minute? By myself?  
 JAKE: All right. 
 Jake exits. Cut to Veronica driving.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Of the 440 John Smiths out there, only three were in San Diego. My mission: find and photograph them. Of course, Justin had not seen his father since he was six. There was no guarantee he could ID him.  
 VERONICA: [On the phone] Hey, are you sure you do not have any pictures of your dad?  
 Cut to Justin at the video store.  
 JUSTIN: III do not think so. My mom cut him out of all of them.  
 The brunette woman Justin served before the counter.  
 JUSTIN: Aim, um, I could take a look.  
 WOMAN: Excuse me?  
 JUSTIN: Um, can I call you back?  
 VERONICA: Yeah, just bring me back whatever you have.  
 JUSTIN: Bye. 
 WOMAN: Last time I was in you mentioned "Body Heat". Do you have that on DVD?  
 JUSTIN: [Checking a computer] Looks like I'd have to special order it.  
 WOMAN: All right. Sounds good.  
 
 
 
 Cut back to Duncan and Dr Levine.  
 DR LEVINE: Ultimately, it's your decision. And you should do what's right for you. But, uh, I have to warn you. Going cold turkey off anti-depressants can have some serious side-effects. I mean you're likely to feel nauseous ...  
 DUNCAN: Yeah. Plenty of that.  
 DR. LEVINE: It's also possible that you're getting hallucinations and, uh, particularly vivid dreams. And this can go on for weeks. Some people find that unnerving.  
 DUNCAN: It's worth it.  
 Cut to Neptune High. Miss James opens her office door to Keith Mars. 
 KEITH: Hey.  
 MISS JAMES: Hi!  
 KEITH: Hey, thanks for making time to see me.  
 Keith fully enters and closes the door.  
 KEITH: I owe you an apology. I ... was ... abrupt and, uh, defensive the other day ...  
 MISS JAMES: Well, we have a defensive parent scale of one to ten, I'd say three so, do not worry about it.  
 KEITH: And you were right. I think-I think Veronica does not know who I am.  
 MISS JAMES: I would be happy to talk to her.  
 KEITH: Thank you.  
 MISS JAMES: Yeah. [On her phone ringing and Keith just starting to say something else] I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, would you-would you mind?  
 KEITH: Sure, yeah. 
 MISS JAMES: Can you hang on? I'm gonna take this.  
 As she picks up the handset, the coffee on her desks tips on the floor spilling its contents.  
 MISS JAMES: Ooh, aah, hi, yeah, okay, can I call you right back? Fine.  
 Keith has moved to his side of the desk having some tissue to clear the mess. He notes the logo on the cup as he hands it back to her.  
 KEITH: I got it, I got it.  
 MISS JAMES: Oh, thank you, thank you so much. I'm a coffee addict.  
 KEITH: Thanks again.  
 MISS JAMES: Sure.  
 Keith goes to leave. She stops at the door.  
 MISS JAMES: Sheriff Mars? You always had my vote. 
 They smile. Veronica, Wallace and Justin sitting on a wall.  
 VERONICA: ... picked up the John Smiths at their home addresses and followed them I got decent shots. Here's the first one. [Cut to the three of them] He's a veterinarian and married. [Passes Justin a photo] And there's a swingset in the back so I'm guessing he's got kids.  
 JUSTIN: [Passing it back] No, that's definitely not him.  
 VERONICA: OK. John Smith number two. Single and High School Basketball coaches. [Hands photos to Justin]  
 JUSTIN: No it's not him. Mom always turns off the radio when they play "Brown Eyed Handsome Man" because it reminds her of Dad. And these guy's eyes are green. [Giving them back] It's not him. 
 VERONICA: Finally, John Smith number three.  
 Veronica puts the photographs in his hands. The first shows a tall, close shaven man. The next is a closer side profile, still with sunglasses.  
 JUSTIN: Yeah, th-that could be him. Do you have any pictures with-without the sunglasses?  
 VERONICA: [Shaking her head] He had them on the whole time.  
 JUSTIN: So, what does this guy do?  
 VERONICA: I follow him from the junkyard to the pawnshop to the racetrack.  
 WALLACE: Sweet.  
 VERONICA: My best guess would be petty criminal.  
 JUSTIN: Well ... can we go back there? I mean, I know if I could see him up close, I could ID him.  
 VERONICA: I do not think so. 
 JUSTIN: Come on. One way or the other I'd know.  
 WALLACE: Give the kid a break.  
 VERONICA: All right, fine. Meet me at my after school But remember. I'm the one in charge and you'll do it.  
 WALLACE: You should have seen her before charming school.  
 JUSTIN: I promised. Wait, hey, III brought you the best pictures I have of Dad. In this one you can actually see his hand.  
 Cut to two photos, one of a couple in the same couple. In each, the head of the man has been cut out.  
 VERONICA: [Offscreen] Wow. Your mom really hated him, did not she.  
 JUSTIN: Yeah.  
 VERONICA: Cool cars. 
 JUSTIN: Mom says he was obsessed with them. Hey, what did John Smith three drive?  
 VERONICA: A convertible Sebring.  
 JUSTIN: [Disappointed] Oh. All right, I'll see you guys after school.  
 Cut to John Smith Three in his car, stopped at traffic lights. Veronica and Justin are in the car but one behind him.  
 VERONICA: That's right, right in front of the Honda.  
 JUSTIN: There he goes. You're gonna lose him.  
 VERONICA: I'm not gonna lose him.  
 John Smith Three pulls up in the parking Lot of an Adult Arcade. Veronica pulls up on the opposite side of the road.  
 VERONICA: Lay low and try to look too conspicuous. 
 Veronica takes a long look at the camera and starts to take pictures of the world. Justin can not wait and bolts out of the car.  
 VERONICA: Hey!  
 Justin breeds towards John Smith Three. Veronica, John Smith Three's car.  
 JUSTIN: Excuse me, excuse me. Hey!  
 The man turns, moves his sunglasses down his nose, exposes his eyes and looks down on Justin.  
 JOHN SMITH THREE: You need something, bro?  
 JUSTIN: No. I'm sorry. I just thought you were somebody else.  
 The man stares hard at Justin, then at Veronica. He turns and goes on his way.  
 JUSTIN: It's not him. Dang. 
 Veronica spots a shopping list on a post-it on the dashboard of the man's car. She grabs it.  
 JUSTIN: Wh-what are you doing?  
 VERONICA: Let me see the letter again.  
 Justin pulls out of his pocket, unfolds it and gives it to Veronica. She places the post-it on top of the letter and compares the writing.  
 VERONICA: It's the exact same handwriting.  
 Justin looks and they stare wordlessly at each other. Cut to the Kane home. Duncan is sprawled on a sofa in a den, watching a large screen television.  
 LILLY: [Offscreen] Yo, bro. How can you watch this crap. It could not be more boring.  
 Lilly appears, blood on her head.  
 LILLY: [Touching the blood] Oh, what the hell.  
 DUNCAN: [Disbelieving] Lilly? 
 LILLY: Yeah, what, you forgot about me already?  
 DUNCAN: W-wh-what are you-  
 Lilly falls on Duncan's shoulder.  
 LILLY: Hey, you know what makes absolutely no sense. My disappearance. Murder. Whatever. How it supposedly went down. So bogus, right? [Sitting up] And here's the thing. The truth is gonna come out.  
 DUNCAN: What are you talking about?  
 LILLY: Clue in, donut. It does not add up. You know that deep down inside. I wish you'd just admit it to yourself. Break out of your stupor. Wake up. 
 The camera spins from Lilly to a napping Duncan who jerks himself awake. He stands and looks around, somewhat panicked. Cut to John Smith Three exiting his car and entering the gate of a small house. Veronica and Justin pull up to the opposite side of the road. Justin explores the glove compartment.  
 JUSTIN: What's this?  
 VERONICA: It's a taser ... and it's dangerous. Put it back.  
 JUSTIN: I'm coming with you.  
 VERONICA: No, I need you to stay in the car.  
 Cut to Veronica checking out the gate, going through and breaking into the garage where a car is undercover.  
 VERONICA: Hmmm. A classic car perhaps? [On removing the cover] A Hyundai Sonata? I do not think it qualifies as a classic. 
 The door from the house is open and Veronica is busted by John Smith Three, carrying a baseball bat.  
 JOHN SMITH THREE: What the hell are you doing? Stay right there. I'm calling the police.  
 VERONICA: You're not gonna do that. I followed you and I know what you do.  
 JOHN SMITH THREE: What I do? I'm a word officer.  
 VERONICA: What?  
 JOHN SMITH THREE: Why would you be following me?  
 VERONICA: I'm a friend of your son's. He just wants to see you.  
 JOHN SMITH THREE: I do not have a sound. Do not move.  
 VERONICA: Are you trying to tell me you're not John Smith? 
 He whips round and stares at Veronica. Cut to Justin waiting impatiently in the car. He sees a green convertible pull up next to John Smith. He runs towards the house. Back in the garage, Veronica and the man at the turn of the automated garage door opening. They see the green because just as Justin runs reaches it. It's the brunette woman from the video store.  
 WOMAN: Justin.  
 Justin looks from the woman to Veronica and back to the woman.  
 JUSTIN: Dad?  
 The woman nods. Veronica and John Smith Three slowly walk towards them. The woman is now out of the car and the scene has changed from day to day.  
 JUSTIN: [Upset] Oh my god. You're a woman. I do not believe this, 
 WOMAN: This is hard, I know. I wish I could have found a way to tell you.  
 JUSTIN: And did you also know that I was e-eleven?  
 WOMAN: No. I'm not surprised. Your mother is thinking she would say that.  
 JUSTIN: And your little visits to the video store? What's that all about, huh?  
 WOMAN: I went to see you. Can you understand that? I wanted to see for myself that you were all right.  
 JUSTIN: Well, I'm not actually, okay? [Her face crumples at her son's distress] I'm not. Turns out my mom's a liar and my father i-is a circus freak.  
 VERONICA: Justin. Maybe we should go.  
 WOMAN: Oh this is something I had to do. This ... is who I am.  
 JUSTIN: [Crying] Come on Veronica. Let's get out of here. [He runs off] 
 VERONICA: [Awkwardly] It was nice meeting everyone.  
 Veronica follows Justin and the woman seeks the comfort of John Smith Three. Cut to Veronica's heading to Neptune. Justin is still crying.  
 VERONICA: Ninety miles.  
 JUSTIN: What's ninety miles?  
 VERONICA: It's the distance you've been to every few seconds. [Long pause] Look, my mom has been missing too much and honestly, I would give you something to do that.  
 Cut to Lianne 's address on Veronica' s board. 
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: She was not going to find me. I was gonna have to find her. I've decided to drive to Arizona after school. If the roads are clear I can make it there in four hours. [Collecting her things together] Tragedy blows through your life like a tornado, uprooting everything, creating chaos. You wait for the dust to settle and then you thing.  
 Over the instrumental parts of Supreme Beings of Leisure's "Rock and a Hard Place," cut to Duncan who ponders his tablet before swallowing it.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: You can live in the wreckage and pretend it's still the mansion you remember.  
 Cut to Veronica in the school hallway. She smiles fondly at the Duncan approaching.  
 VERONICA: [Softly] Hey, how's your head?  
 Duncan stares at her unsmilingly for a moment. 
 DUNCAN: [Lifelessly] It's better.  
 He walks on. His answer disappoints both Veronica and Logan who is walking behind him. Cut to Keith in the coffee shop that provided Miss James' coffee.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Or you can crawl from the rubble and slowly rebuild.  
 KEITH: Hi.  
 MISS JAMES: Hey, I did not know you came here.  
 KEITH: Yeah, I just discovered this place.  
 MISS JAMES: Yeah, me too.  
 KEITH: Oh, how did we miss each other?  
 They laugh together. Cut to Jason at the video store.  
 ASSISTANT: Hey Justin, did you special order "Body Heat" for someone? Here it is.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Because after disaster, the important thing is that you move on. 
 JUSTIN: Right. [Cut to him on the phone] Hello? ... Julia? ... It's Justin. Hey, listen. That copy of "Body Heat" you wanted to come in ... No it's fine ... Yeah, I work here every Saturday ... That's great. OK ... I'll see you then. Bye. [He hangs up]  
 Cut to Veronica in her car.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: But if you're like me, you just keep chasing the storm.  
 She sees Lianne's car parked in the car of a small house. She turns the corner and sees the back of a blond woman, gardening.  
 VERONICA: Mom? Mom? [Racing out of the car] Mom!  
 She turns. It's not Lianne. Veronica stops short.  
 BLONDE WOMAN: Can I help you?  
 VERONICA: I'm looking for Lianne Mars. 
 BLONDE WOMAN: Veronica? I'm Adrianna, a college friend of your mom's. I feel like I know you. Your mother talks about you all the time.  
 VERONICA: Where is she?  
 ADRIANNA: She left a couple of weeks ago.  
 VERONICA: Well, did she say where she was going?  
 ADRIANNA: No.  
 VERONICA: Do not lie to me. [Getting very distressed] I need to know, where is she?  
 ADRIANNA: She's thinking about your father, I'm not good at keeping secrets.  
 VERONICA: Does not she care about me?  
 ADRIANNA: You're all she cares about.  
 VERONICA: Mark me down as skeptical.  
 Veronica leaves. The music is "What Are You Afraid Of?" by West Indian Girl. 
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: The problem with chasing the storm. Even the experts agree. A girl needs closure.  
 Veronica is on the hat of her mobile phone.  
 SONG: I lost myself ...  
 VERONICA: Hi. I'm outside your house.  
 A light goes on Veronica laughs. 
SONG: ... inside someone else 
I could not see the lines between her and me 
We 've got darker road, the fear I've seen 
With eyes of stone, he walks alone.  
 Troy comes out of the house and stands before her.  
 TROY: It's about time.  
 Veronica, crying, holds for dear life. 
SONG: What are you? 
What are you made of?  
 End. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 