Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x09 - Drinking the Kool-Aid - Veronica Mars 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x09 - Drinking the Kool-Aid https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=874&t=32628 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/25/19 12:02 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x09 - Drinking the Kool-Aid 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Previously on Veronica Mars  
 Veronica at her mother's safety deposit box (from 105 "You Think You Know Somebody")  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: All this time, I've been thinking Mom bolted 'cause she couldn't handle losing everything. Maybe she just couldn't handle losing me.  
 Veronica and Duncan walking down the school hallway (from 107 "The Girl Next Door")  
 VERONICA: Did you know that your dad and my mom were king and queen of the prom?  
 Picture is Jake, Veronica and Duncan at the hospital (from 103 "Meet John Smith) with an insert of Veronica's line, "Mr Kane" from 102 "Credit Where Credit's Due")  
 VERONICA: Mr Kane. 
JAKE: Veronica, we meet again. 
VERONICA: What are the odds?  
 Veronica running and seeing Lilly's body (from 101 "Pilot")  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: It's been a year since my best friend Lilly Kane was murdered.  
 Veronica and Keith at the Mars apartment (from 106 "Return of the Kane")  
 VERONICA: And I know you're still investigating Lilly's murder. 
KEITH: Solve the case and your mom comes home. 
VERONICA: So let's do it, let's solve the case.  
 Television broadcast from the same episode  
 VERONICA: It's the footage of Abel Koontz's arrest.  
 Veronica and Abel Koontz (from 108 "Like a Virgin")  
 KOONTZ: I know who you are Veronica Mars. 
VERONICA: My dad tried to save your life. 
KOONTZ: Look in a mirror. Are you the product of a schluppy sheriff or the king and queen of the prom?  
 Veronica cries in her car from the same episode. End previously. Open with Veronica still in her car at the prison. She lifts her head from the steering wheel and wipes her tears away  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: So Jake Kane is your father. Deal with it, Veronica.  
 Cut to Veronica driving on the highway  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Does Dad know? Did he go after Jake Kane so obsessively because of the affair? Oh god, does this mean- Is Duncan my-  
 Cut to Veronica, stopped and leaning out of the car, throwing up. Cut to her driving again  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Those photos that were sent to Mom, the ones with me framed in a gun sight, was that how Jake finally stuck it to Dad, his old rival. If so, I'm taking this b*st*rd down. Hard. I don't care whose father he is.  
 Cut to Veronica looking at the photos from Lianne's safety deposit box  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: This one was taken last year. downtown. My sole reason for being in that part of town was that Mom insisted I see a counsellor after Lilly died. Every Thursday for six weeks, Dr Dave and I stared across an ottoman at each other. But which Thursday?  
 Veronica is in her bedroom and looks closely at one of the photographs. In it, she has long hair and is standing in front of a sign that says: Neptune High School Book Week  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Book week?  
 Cut to Veronica entering the school office  
 VERONICA: Miss Murphy, when was book week? 
MRS MURPHY: Wow, now there's an attitude I like to see in our post-literate age. Don't worry, Veronica. It's still months away. 
VERONICA: Last year's book week? 
MRS MURPHY: It's always the first week in February. 
VERONICA VOICEOVER: OK. Now I know which Thursday.  
 Cut to Veronica downtown, checking the pictures. She looks around  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: In the picture, I'm standing in this exact spot.  
 Cut to her sitting at an outdoor table of a cafe, training her camera on the spot where she was sitting  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Whoever took those photos had to be sitting at this exact table. It's the only one where the angle matches.  
 Cut to her receipt for one ice tea ($1.00 plus $0.08 sales tax) at the Aladdin, offering Mediterranean style cuisine, Pasta 'Kabobos', Greek salads and Taboule. The date is November 21, 2003 and the time is 15:09  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Dated and time-stamped. Gotcha.  
 Cut to Veronica speaking to one of the Aladdin's waitresses  
 VERONICA: Can you tell me if you keep all your receipts. Is it possible for you to pull just the ones from February 4th between 4:45 and 5:30? Someone's been stalking me.  
 Veronica shows the waitress the photos  
 WAITRESS: My god. 
VERONICA: I'm positive whoever took these shots was sitting at that table over there.  
 Cut to the Aladdin's records for February 4, 2004 at 5:11. The $17.08 (inclusive of $3.00 tip) was paid by Visa credit card by Clarence Wiedman Jr  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Clarence Wiedman.  
 Cut to Veronica in her car, watching Wiedman come out of his house  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Big mistake paying with a credit card. And there he is. The man who took surveillance photos of me. Well, wouldn't you know?  
 She has followed him to Kane Software, the number of the building being 10996. She watches him enter the building as she uses her cell  
 VERONICA: Kane Software? Main number please. 
TELEPHONE OPERATOR: The number you requested is 555-0125. 
RECEPTIONIST: Kane Software. How may I direct your call? 
VERONICA: Give me Clarence Wiedman, please. 
VOICEMAIL: You've reached Clarence Wiedman, Head of Security, Kane Software. Please leave a message.  
 Veronica cuts off the phone  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: And there it is. I know who's responsible for scaring Mom away. So if Jake Kane is my biological father that information is gonna be worth millions. And after what that family has done to mine. I intend to collect.  
 Opening credits. Veronica enters the apartment and Keith rushes up to her excitedly, sporting a nasty cut under his right eye and on the side of his nose  
 VERONICA: [Concerned] What happened to you? 
KEITH: It's nothing. A little collision at home. Now, cover your eyes and give me your hand. 
VERONICA: A collision at home? Did you fall in the garbage disposal? 
KEITH: No, no, home plate. [Imitating an umpire] Safe! 
VERONICA: Did you see a doctor? 
KEITH: Honey, it's fine. Chicks dig scars, now come on. Ya gotta see this.  
 Keith jumps up and down and claps before the bemused Veronica. He races back towards her bedroom  
 VERONICA: What is your deal? You're jacked up like some hillbilly kid who just stumbled into Daddy's meth lab.  
 He races back, grabs her hand and raises it in front of her eyes. He grabs her hand and pulls her towards the bedroom  
 KEITH: Hey, come on. Sit!  
 Veronica is sitting on her new waterbed  
 VERONICA: Whoa! 
KEITH: It's a water bed. 
VERONICA: All right. 
KEITH: Come on, you've wanted one of these things since you were, like, five years old. 
VERONICA: I also wanted to marry Vanilla Ice and build the world's largest collection of Z-bots. 
KEITH: You asked me, no you begged me for a water bed like four years in a row. It was your obsession.  
 Keith crouches down in front of Veronica  
 VERONICA: Uh-huh. It's all coming back to me now. The way you explained it, Santa was cool with the basic concept, but had grave doubts about second floor deployment. 
KEITH: That well known, bed-rock pragmatism of elvish culture. But I gotta tell ya. If it had been my call, I would've- 
VERONICA: [Laughing] You're so full of it but it is incredibly sweet of you. Yard sale, right. Ten bucks maybe. 
KEITH: No. 
VERONICA: It's okay. [Ripping off a piece of tape] You forgot to remove the masking tape price tag sticker. Besides, our money situation being what it is, I'm glad you didn't blow your wad on a whim gift for me. 
KEITH: Well, you'll be even gladder to know that I got us a throw in with some old Gordon Lightfoot LPs. 
VERONICA: [Seriously] I love you.  
 Veronica leans forward and hugs Keith  
 KEITH: [A little taken aback] Yeah, you too. Well, anyway, sorry it took so long to get Santa's old dead ass in gear. Night, sweetie. 
VERONICA: Night.  
 Keith leaves and Veronica falls back onto the waterbed. Cut to Mars Investigations. Keith is in his office, taking details from a rich couple, the Gants  
 MR GANT: He was as well adjusted a kid as you could ever want to meet. Ah, secure, extroverted, lots of friends and school activities. 
MRS GANT: Super popular, super focused. 
MR GANT: Girlfriends, top grades, not into the drug scene as far as we could tell. 
MRS GANT: Definitely not a druggie. Casey is just not the kind of kid who just up and joins a cult. 
KEITH: Well, it's actually the ones who seem to have everything that so often go off- 
MR GANT: I know what you're thinking. Spoiled rich boy raised in a soulless lap of luxury, no material whim denied, no spiritual need met. 
MRS GANT: Six weeks ago, Casey kisses me goodbye and drives to school, same as always. But he never comes home. 
MR GANT: He says he's gone off to live at some place called the Moon Calf Collective and basically, thanks for all you've done guys but I can take it from here. 
MRS GANT: The Porsche. 
MR GANT: That's right, the Porsche. He sold his Boxster and gave all the money over to the cult. Look, Mr Mars, here's what we need and what we're prepared to pay handsomely for you to do.  
 Keith's eyes light up. Cut to the Gants in the main office, leaving  
 MRS GANT: Thank you, Mr Mars. 
KEITH: Thank you, you're welcome. 
MR GANT: Thank you very much. 
KEITH: Thank you.  
 Veronica is at her desk, a blood test kit laid out before her  
 KEITH: Now what? 
VERONICA: I'm trying to draw a blood sample. Our health teacher said she'll give extra credit for anyone taking a self-administered HIV test. I ordered this thing online but I am seriously punking on this fingerstick. 
KEITH: This is so endearing. My badass, action figure daughter is adopting a Transylvanian accent[] afraid to draw a teensy little drop of blood. 
VERONICA: You know, if you really were a good father, you'd let me draw some of your blood for the test. 
KEITH: [Laughing] What? 
VERONICA: Nobody'll know the difference. Besides, you've been sexually active, I haven't.  
 Veronica hold out the fingerstick  
 KEITH: Oh for crying out loud, you're serious about this, aren't you? [Taking it] Let me have that. You wuss. So those are the parents of Casey Gant, you know him? 
VERONICA: Unfortunately, yeah. He's just another slice off the loaf of shallow vapid pain-in-the-ass 09erdom. 
KEITH: Hmm, well, despite your assessment his parents are still a little irked about his decision to run off and join a cult. 
VERONICA: He joined a cult? What do they worship? Wedgies, keggers, their parents' platinum cards?  
 Returning the test to Veronica, having drawn blood onto a card. Veronica gazes at it and waves it gently to dry  
 KEITH: It doesn't matter. He's 18 so there's little the law can do. [Sitting on her desk] If we get him back, the Gants are offering a five grand bonus so it's time to focus [clicks fingers] like the proverbial laser. 
VERONICA: Target acquired and locked on. 
KEITH: What they'd be paying us for is proof of any unlawful activity out there like firearms, drugs, kidnapping, anything'll work. All we need is a sound legal basis for the Sheriff's Department to shut 'em down. 
VERONICA: I'm still with ya. 
KEITH: This boy is a classmate of yours. Maybe you can find something that'll shed some light. You know, his parents say he's still showing up at school. 
VERONICA: For a five thousand dollar bonus, I'll get you his genetic code. 
KEITH: [Sincerely and with wagging finger] Veronica, do not, under pain of slow, agonising death even think about going to the compound yourself. I'll run the title search, do the background check, take the recon shots, all of that, nous comprenon nous? 
VERONICA: Mais oui. Gotcha Frenchie.  
 Keith goes back into his office and shuts the door. Veronica gets a posting box out of her desk drawer, casting a cautious glance at Keith's door  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Okay. So there's no health class extra credit. There is, however, an online company that does paternity testing. I need to know, without a doubt, who my father is.  
 Veroncia parcels up the test, including her own blood sample, keeping a wary eye on Keith's office. Cut to Neptune High. Veronica approaches as Duncan sits on a low wall. He stands as she passes close to him  
 DUNCAN: Hey.  
 She walks on, ignoring him. Duncan is confused  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: I am not ready to face Duncan. Too many sweet memories have become chilling what ifs.  
 Cut to some boys, including Casey, playing Hacky Sack. Veronica is watching. Wallace approaches  
 WALLACE: Hacky Sack? The final arena of unquestioned white domination. New crush? 
VERONICA: Hardly. That's Casey Gant. He sold his Porsche, joined a cult and took up Hacky Sack. 
WALLACE: He looks normal enough. 
VERONICA: Not if you knew him before.  
 Flashback. Students are sitting on various beanbags on the floor of a classroom, many in couples, including Veronica and Duncan and Casey and his girlfriend, Darcy. Weevil is at the front of the class, reading his poem. A female teacher paces nearby, listening  
 WEEVIL: The prisoners pray when they're on death row. Hear the angels sing. The junkie cries for love but it's all run out.  
 Casey laughs out loud  
 TEACHER: [Encouraging] Go on, Eli.  
 Veronica is enchanted as Duncan strokes her hair and kisses her shoulder, his arm around her waist  
 WEEVIL: When the angels sing, the sins of the world And it's cold on the streets and you're all alone And the tears, they start to fall When it all comes down, hear the angels sing.  
 Casey laughs louder as Veronica looks back to give him a filthy look  
 TEACHER: Casey Gant! You can learn good manners or go see Mr Clemmons. [To Weevil] Eli, it's amazing work. You're doing great. 
CASEY: Miss, that's not original poetry. That's a Social Distortion song. 
TEACHER: Is that true Eli?  
 Caught, Weevil is pissed, Casey giggles and Veronica continues to hard stare him. Cut back to the present  
 VERONICA: I know who'll give me all the dirt I want. 
WALLACE: Who?  
 Cut to the girls' bathroom. Darcy is gazing in the mirror while Veronica, back to the mirror, leaning against the sink, listening  
 VERONICA: His ex-girlfriend. 
DARCY: I'm as clueless as anyone about this trip he's on. I mean one day, he's totally cool, the next he's like alien lobotomy boy. 
VERONICA: Any explanation? 
DARCY: Nothing that made a bit of sense. He started babbling about renouncing the toxic death style of late-stage capitalist society and un-remembering the consumer siren song. I think compost even came up too, once. It was just so bizarre. I mean, I had to cut him loose. 
VERONICA: Did he talk about any new friends he'd made, before he started weirding out, I mean? 
DARCY: No, but [turns towards Veronica] you know what? I think he's got something going on with Miss Mills. 
VERONICA: You mean, like, sexually? 
DARCY: Yeah. It got to where they were doing everything together. He even started working for the literary magazine. I mean, this is the same guy who's been downloading every writing assignment since the seventh grade. He used to think Cliff Notes were for the intellectual posers. There's no way they're not getting it on.  
 Cut to Veronica pondering on her bed then at her bedroom desk  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Ah, how to get in tight with the lit-mag crowd. I've got it. Become one of them. The attributes and style of crap teen poetry: must be written in a funky colour of ink, must include dominant themes of alienation, sexual ambivalence, self-loathing, death, etcetera.  
 Cut to Veronica in the shower. The pipes groan and Veronica jumps back out of the water with a yelp. Cut to Veronica exiting her bedroom in her bathrobe  
 VERONICA: Dad! You're an ex-cop. You know gangland enforcer types. Can't you find someone to intimidate the maintenance supe into fixing the hot water problem? 
KEITH: Honey, he swears he's putting all new copper pipes, new five thousand gallon tank, the works. 
VERONICA: That nimrod has been feeding us the same line for five months. 
KEITH: Just try to tough it out. Hey, if we get that five grand bonus, maybe we can go look for a new place.  
 Veronica considers this with some satisfaction. Cut to another classroom. A male teacher walks between the two rows of desks down each side of the room, facing each other  
 TEACHER: Ten-o-five, ladies and gents, time to get cracking. Hope y'all have those editorial content analyses I signed last week. Everybody good? Okay then, let's break into groups of four and start comparing notes. 
STUDENT: So, you wanna be in my group?  
 The students all shunt their desks into groups of four. Veronica, slow to start, finds herself excluded  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Can you feel the luv?  
 Cut to Veronica walking into the school. She is approached by Holly Mills and they walk on together  
 HOLLY: Hey, Veronica! 
VERONICA: Miss Mills, what's up? 
HOLLY: I, um, read the poem you submitted for the literary journal, "I Cut Because I Can". 
VERONICA: Oh, yeah. Um, there are a bunch I thought about submitting but that one seemed more I don't know, relevant to where I am now. So, are you going to publish it? 
HOLLY: Well, you have a very unique outlook, Veronica. You know, if you ever feel like sharing, there's a place where you're always welcome to do so. We're kind of like family. 
VERONICA: [Pulling up in the hall] Yeah, I have some friends who work on your literary magazine and they say it's really cool. 
HOLLY: Actually, I'm, uh, I'm talking about the folks out at the Moon Calf Collective. That's where I live. Something tells me you'd really enjoy visiting. I-if you'd like I could even take you out there today. How's that sound? 
VERONICA VOICEOVER: So Miss Mills lures kids out to cult headquarters? 
VERONICA: That sounds great. I'm ready to go whenever you are. 
VERONICA VOICEOVER: Wait, what did Dad say about going out there?  
 Cut to Holly exiting her car. The LeBaron is pulled up behind her. The music starts up: "Make a Deal With the City" by East River Pipe  
 SONG: You live in this city, make a deal with the city now 
You live in this city, make a deal with the city right now 
Sometimes just grow up, sometimes just keep faith 
Sometimes just hang on, sometimes pull away 
You live in this city, make a deal with the city now 
You live in this city, make a deal with the city right now 
'Cause people disappear, and life might be a joke 
You get {?} every day like a {?} 
No bye-byes, no bye-byes, no bye-byes 
They will fly away from you; they will fly away from you 
They will fly away from you; they will fly away from you  
 They are in the country on a large farm. Veronica looks around  
 HOLLY: Come on over. 
VERONICA: This is all so amazing. I feel like I'm on a movie set or something. Thank you so much for inviting me Miss Mills. 
HOLLY: Ah, around here I'm just Holly. And as far as you can see is all ours. You should take some time later, wander around and get a feel for the place. Just stay out of the barn; you do not want to go in there, trust me.  
 Veronica pauses and looks back at the barn they've just passed  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Hey, way to throw me off your trail, Holly. "Wander freely, don't go in the barn, whatever you do"? Maybe I should play this needy, despondent waif card more often.  
 Veronica catches up with Holly  
 HOLLY: Come meet my man. Well, really he kind of owns all of us.  
 A man approaches Holly  
 HOLLY: Hey.  
 They kiss long and lovingly as Veronica observes  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Forbidden barn? Check. Implied polygamy? Check. Ladies and gentlemen, we have a cult. 
HOLLY: Veronica, this is Josh. 
JOSH: Hey there.  
 Joss hugs a somewhat surprised Veronica  
 VERONICA: [High pitched] Hi.  
 The hug goes on and on  
 JOSH: Hmm. 
VERONICA: Help. 
VERONICA VOICEOVER: I knew I should have included a few discreet lesbian overtones in that poem.  
 Josh finally lets her go and steps back. Casey approaches  
 CASEY: Hey, Veronica. I heard you were coming but I had to see to believe. 
VERONICA: Yeah, I, I don't blame you. This is off my beaten path a bit. 
CASEY: But now that I think about it, it makes perfect sense that you'd wind up here sooner or later. 
VERONICA: Yeah.  
 Josh kisses Holly again and wanders off  
 CASEY: Cool, well I'm sure I'll be seeing a lot more of you and I'll catch up with you later, okay?  
 Casey wanders off as well  
 HOLLY: Veronica, it's only a few hours 'til dinner time. Why don't you stay and join us. As you can see, the gardens have really blessed us this year.  
 They approach tables set outside at which people are preparing food. They head for one where a young black girl, Rain, is stirring something in a bowl  
 VERONICA: Sure, that would be great. I'm starving. All I had today was Beef Mexi-Melt and some Cinnamon Crispas.  
 Holly laughs  
 RAIN: Those Crispas are awesome, aren't they? Frankly, I'd give my body to anybody for one of those Chocolate Taco Ice Cream deserts. 
HOLLY: Believe it or not, I think we can raise the culinary bar a bit higher. As you can see, we get a lot done through team work. In fact, if you want to jump in, you're more than welcome, if you're interested.  
 All three have moved over to another table where Django works  
 VERONICA: Ah, sure. Fair warning though. My idea of gourmet cooking is sprinkling on some three year old Bacos to my microwave soup. 
RAIN: Yeah, same here actually. But most of us are just grunt workers anyways. We find our satisfaction in realizing the visions of chef Django here. 
DJANGO: The secret ingredient's love.  
 Holly wanders off leaving Veronica with Rain  
 RAIN: I'm Rain. Glad to meet you. 
VERONICA: Veronica. Likewise. So, this thing you're doing seems easy enough, even I can do it. Where do I start? 
RAIN: Actually, I've just about done here but I'll hook you up with a job that's a little more fun.  
 Cut to Rain milking a cow  
 RAIN: That's a good girl, Isis. See Veronica? It's pretty easy once you get the rhythm down.  
 She stands to allow Veronica to take her place. Uncertain, Veronica tentatively takes the nipple in her hand and pumps. Nothing happens  
 VERONICA: Easy for you but I'm not getting a freaking drop. 
RAIN: She may be a little nervous. Are you nervous, sweetie? 
VERONICA VOICEOVER: Okay, got the youngest moonie away from the herd. Time to dig up dirt. 
VERONICA: So I guess you can tell I learned all I know about country life from "Dr Quinn, Medicine Woman" reruns. 
RAIN: What do you mean? 
VERONICA: Well, for example, I was under the assumption that milking takes place in, you know, a barn. 
RAIN: Well, sometimes, I guess. But I don't think there's any hard, fast rule though.  
 Veronica gives up and stands  
 VERONICA: So Josh is cool, huh? He's kind of sexy. 
RAIN: Really? I hadn't really noticed, but, you're right, he's a great guy. You're really gonna enjoy getting to know him. 
VERONICA: I'll bet. Holly says it's looking like a kick-ass harvest this year. I don't think I asked what you guys were growing. 
RAIN: I guess you could say it's the ultimate cash crop. 
VERONICA VOICEOVER: Yahtzee. 
VERONICA: And what's that? 
RAIN: I can't even begin to describe it. But it'll blow your mind.  
 Cut to later as the collective are gathering around a fire. One of the members, possibly Django, is strumming his guitar, playing and singing the Velvet Underground's "Oh! Sweet Nuthin'"  
 SONG: Oh, sweet nuthin' 
She ain't got nuthin' at all 
I said, oh, sweet nuthin' 
'Cause she ain't got nuthin' at all 
Say a word for Jimmy Brown 
He ain't got nuthin' at all 
He knocked the shirt right off his back 
He ain't got nuthin' at all  
 With the others, Veronica gets up from one of the tables the food was served on and heads to join the circle around the fire  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Enough, already with this mellow incense and peppermints vibe. Let's break out the mushrooms and dance naked! Strap on the goat skull headgear, sacrifice a few infants. Come on, people, you're cultists. Start acting like it. 
HOLLY: Veronica, over here. 
CASEY: Hey, Mars! Why don't you come on over here? I feel like I gave you the hit and run treatment earlier. 
VERONICA VOICEOVER: Wow. It's Bizarro world. Out here I'm Miss Popular. 
CASEY: I'm serious. Look, we've been going to classes together for, what, three years? And I don't think we actually ever really talked. Lately, I feel like I've been missing out on a lot.  
 The singer comes to an end of his song and Josh takes the centre  
 JOSH: Okay. 
RANDOM MOON CALF: That was great. 
JOSH: So how was everybody's day? What's up? 
RAIN: I woke up scared. I felt like I was in a dream of peace and happiness 
VERONICA VOICEOVER: Do not roll your eyes, Veronica. You're undercover. 
JOSH: It's strange, isn't it? How we believe more in the reality of 
RANDOM MOON CALF: I 
JOSH: Pain. 
RANDOM MOON CALF:  suddenly I realised I was conscious only of my own voice and delivery. I was like directing myself in a play 
JOSH: I'm feeling you there, brother. I have to watch that all the time myself. 
HOLLY: This is scary. I'm 32 years old and I feel like I'll never have a better moment than this. 
JOSH: Veronica Mars. Hey, how 'bout a big Moon Calf welcome for the honoured guest.  
 Everyone claps and moos  
 HOLLY: Veronica's a writer, a poet. She has a unique voice I think you'd all appreciate. Would you honour us with the one you showed me earlier? 
VERONICA VOICEOVER: I was just reading in last month's "Koreshian Bride" that four out of five cult leaders like their handmaidens nubile, flighty, and teetering on the edge of a breakdown.  
 Veronica stands nervously. She clears her throat  
 HOLLY: Go for it, Veronica.  
 She looks around then grabs her bag  
 VERONICA: I'm sorry, I have to go.  
 Veronica races off. Cut to her walking towards the forbidden barn  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: There. That performance should have them asking me back.  
 Veronica opens the barn door and is met by a panicked and bucking horse. She falls back into the mud. As she gets up, Josh, Holly and Casey run up to her  
 CASEY: Veronica! Are you all right? 
VERONICA: Oh, god, I'm so sorry everybody. I was freaked out and just wanted someplace to sit and pull myself together before driving. 
HOLLY: Oh, it's my fault, Veronica. I shouldn't have teased you earlier with all that stuff about the forbidden barn. 
JOSH: This is a little project we're undertaking. One of our neighbours was going to put down Hildegard here. We're nursing her back. Slowly but surely.  
 Cut to Veronica opening the door to the apartment. Keith is sitting in the armchair  
 KEITH: You're covered in mud. 
VERONICA: See? That's why you make the big bucks. 
KEITH: So what'd you find out about my boy, Casey? 
VERONICA: His ex-girlfriend confirms what his parents said. He's a full blooded cultist.  
 Cut to Veronica turning on the shower  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: I can't get it out of my mind. Somewhere in Pennsylvania, a lab tech is determining if I'm heir to a billion dollar fortune. It's not about the money, [stepping into the shower, gasping at the cold] it's about making Jake Kane pay. But if I am an heiress, [adopting a Southern Belle accent] as God is my witness I'll never take cold showers again.  
 Cut to Casey walking along the school hall. Veronica runs to catch up  
 VERONICA: Casey! Hey. Wait up. I'm so ashamed of myself for my meltdown last night. I was a rampaging jackass. 
CASEY: [Smiles broadly] Have you forgotten who you're talking to? I'm Casey Gant, okay? I wrote the jackass Bible, the jackass Koran, the jackass Talmud. [Sincerely] Why don't you come back out? It'd mean a lot to me.  
 Cut to the collective. Peter Tosh's "(You Gotta Walk) But Don't Look Back" starts up  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Of course, if I'm not an heiress, Dad and I could really use this five grand and if it means me having to save this homely boy from cultists, so be it.  
 SONG: There is no hiding place (can't run, can't hide, can't run) 
Just your problems, no one else's problems 
you just have to face (can't run, can't hide, can't run) 
If you just put your hand in mine 
we're gonna leave all our troubles behind 
We're gonna walk and don't look back (don't look back) 
We're gonna walk and don't look back (don't look back) 
Now if your first lover let you down 
There's something that can be done (can't run, can't hide, can't run) 
Tell me what you do brother 
Don't heal your faith in love 
Remembering what's become (can't run, can't hide, can't run) 
Oh no 
So if you just put your hand in mine 
We're gonna leave  
 Josh approaches Veronica and enfolds her in another big hug  
 JOSH: Veronica. I can't tell you how happy I am to see you again. I guess, uh, you can see everyone else feels the same way?  
 Everybody calls to her, welcoming her  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Get your game face on, Mars. 
VERONICA: I'm floored. 
JOSH: Hey, listen, would you like to join me for a walk? 
VERONICA VOICEOVER: I knew it. This is when the cult leader claims me as his new bride.  
 Veronica pauses to turn on the tape recorder in her bag then follows  
 JOSH: I'm not judging you, I'm just, I'm saying what you already know. 
VERONICA VOICEOVER: That fake fur was a poor choice to infiltrate utopia? 
JOSH: You've built this fortress around yourself. Now, it does offer a limited amount of protection but it also keeps other people and all they have to offer at bay, starving your soul. Now, you might want to consider...opening yourself up. Letting other people inside. 
VERONICA VOICEOVER: Let other people inside? Got anyone particular in mind? [Reaching into her bag to keep her hand on her taser] Maybe if I discreetly flash Mr Taser... 
JOSH: So, has anyone told you what we grow here? 
VERONICA: I heard it was the ultimate cash crop. 
JOSH: That it is.  
 Cut to inside a large greenhouse filled with poinsettias  
 JOSH: Impressive, isn't it? 
VERONICA: Aren't these poinsettias? 
JOSH: And Christmas is right around the corner. See, we never would have been able to finish off the greenhouse if Casey hadn't given us that money. 
VERONICA: I wish I wasn't so broke right now, otherwise, I'd try to chip in too. 
JOSH: Oh, well our goal isn't to be a charity case. I mean, it's not that we have anything against money, it's just, it's kind of like water, you know? Lots of symbolic power but really just a lifeless substance when you get right down to it but the paradox is that life as we know it would be impossible without it, if you see what I'm saying. 
VERONICA VOICEOVER: You're saying you don't want my money, you don't want my body, you don't want me working in your ganja fields, you just want me to be happy. Strange.  
 "Have a Nice Day" by the Stereophonics plays against a montage of happy scenes as the collective prepares food. Veronica is enjoying herself  
 
 
 
 SONG: San Francisco Bay, past pier thirty nine 
Early p.m. can't remember what time 
Got the waiting cab stopped at the red light 
Address, unsure of but it turned out just right  
 Josh approaches the working tables, a man following behind him  
 JOSH: Hey, listen up everybody. This is important. We've got South of the County Water Department who's out here to check for lead in the pipes so try not to use the water for the next fifteen to minutes, all right?  
 The man is Keith and he is very unhappy to see his daughter  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: That's it. I'm dead.  
 Cut to Veronica sneaking into Mars Investigations. Keith, very angry, comes out of the kitchenette  
 KEITH: There ya are. What the hell were you thinking Veronica? That's got to be the worst decision I've ever seen by someone who wasn't literally brain damaged. Since when do you reserve the right to totally blow of my instructions? Does my judgement, my concern for your safety carry that little weight with you? 
VERONICA: I'm sorry. Dad, I screwed up, big time, I know. Trust me. I'll be following your game plan the rest of the way. They just seem so harmless. 
KEITH: What is your basis for that call? The absence of swastikas engraved on their foreheads? Please, reassure me that you aren't that dense. 
VERONICA: I'm sorry. Really. So did you plant any bugs when you were out there? 
KEITH: Yes. 
VERONICA: You've been listening in? 
KEITH: Uh-huh. 
VERONICA: Heard anything incriminating yet? 
KEITH: Nope. It's like listening to "The Brady Bunch" with a reggae soundtrack. 
VERONICA: What about your background check on Josh? Anything shady, out of line? 
KEITH: Up until four years ago, he was a manager of a downloadable ring development team at E-Tones. One day without warning he quit his job, cashed out his stock and used it to buy the land for the collective. Holly's totally clean as well. 
VERONICA: So what's our next step? 
KEITH: There's no "our" about it. You are officially off this case. I'll take it home from here. 
VERONICA: What? That makes no sense whatsoever! Aren't you even interested in what I've learned? 
KEITH: What's the point, Veronica? I'm prepared to admit that these Moon Calves probably don't merit the full ATF fire-bombing treatment. I mean, my guess is they're just a bunch of tie-dyed Oliver Twists who scam naive kids to pay the bills.  
 The door to Mars Investigations opens behind them as the Gants walk in with another man  
 KEITH: Mr Gant.  
 Keith holds out his hand but Mr Gant ignores it  
 MR GANT: I'm sure you have a lot to report but first there's something you need to know.  
 Cut to the Gants sitting in Keith's office with the strange man standing quietly behind them. Veronica eavesdrops from the main office  
 MRS GANT: Mr Mars, my mother, Casey's grandmother, is dying. She had a severe stroke on Tuesday night, she's effectively brain dead and not expected to make it more than a couple of days. 
KEITH: My condolences. 
MRS GANT: Thanks. This has been a tough disorienting time for us. Even more so because of something else we've just learned from her attorney. 
KEITH: What's that? 
MRS GANT: If she dies, the bulk of her fortune, about eighty million dollars, goes to Casey. Well w-we're afraid he's simply gonna hand it all over to that cult. 
KEITH: I appreciate that information. And, um, I wish I could say that I found something that we could nail them on but that's not the case. I mean, not yet anyway. At least you should know that I've seen no evidence that Casey's in danger. 
STRANGE MAN: I'm sorry to contradict you, Mr Mars. But I have substantial experience with these groups. The sooner we get him off that farm, the better. If you're current strategies aren't working, perhaps you should try something new. 
KEITH: Any relevant experience you can share, I'll be happy to consider it. What's your background, anyway, if you don't mind my asking? 
STRANGE MAN: Technically, my field is SMSPI. Systematic Manipulation of Social and Psychological Influence. One vulgar term is deprogramming. 
KEITH: No kidding. I've heard of that. How does that work, anyway?  
 The man turns his head to the door and notices that it is open and Veronica is listening. He pushes the door to  
 STRANGE MAN: In simple terms, I control the elements of a subject's social and psychological environment to eradicate undesirable modes of behaviour. I'm then able to instil or re-instil desirable ones. I'm quite good at my work. 
KEITH: Yeah, I bet. 
MRS GANT: We just want Casey back home again. Soon. This is a sensitive situation and we ask that you proceed accordingly. 
KEITH: Of course.  
 Keith nods. In the main office, Veronica moves away from the door. Cut to the Mars' apartment. Veronica, offscreen and in the shower, screams. Keith and Backup both look up at the bathroom door. Cut to Neptune High. Wallace approaches Veronica in the hallway  
 WALLACE: Not to sweat you, V, but when will we see the FBI-Swarms-Coke-Compound headline? 
VERONICA: The case is dead in the water. We found diddly squat on the Moon Calves and I seriously doubt that there's anything to find. Plus, my dad caught me out at the farm so now it's seriously off limits. 
WALLACE: Dang. 
VERONICA: As if that weren't enough, I'm starting to doubt the whole rationale for what we're doing. Casey, noxious, overbearing 09er butthead Casey has become a really sweet guy and I think this so-called cult deserves most of the credit. 
WALLACE: Sounds to me, Veronica, like you've been drinking the Kool-Aid. 
VERONICA: I have not. 
WALLACE: You better recognize. 
VERONICA: Thank you for being my own personal "Springer" audience. Should I check myself before I wreck myself? 
WALLACE: All I'm saying is, is you may be getting a little soft. 
VERONICA: Right and I'm 
CASEY: Hey, Veronica. Listen, I've got to go visit my grandma in the hospital after school. Do you want to come with me?  
 Casey rushes up to them  
 VERONICA: Yeah, sure Casey, I'd love to. 
CASEY: Good.  
 Casey smiles and goes off. Wallace grins and backs away from her  
 WALLACE: [Whispers as he goes] Soft, soft.  
 Cut to Casey's grandmother in hospital, Casey and Veronica on either side of her bed  
 CASEY: It's so hard to see her this way. Wanna hear something sad? 
VERONICA: Sure. 
CASEY: My parents' fortune. Every last nickel of it comes from Grandma's publishing company. Mom and Dad had nothing to do with it. Grandma provided for everything. Then, a couple of years ago when she started having strokes, started forgetting stuff, my parents, who call her Grandmonster behind her back, just stopped paying any attention to her. It's amazing how much better they started treating me once they found out that she decided to leave all her money to me. 
VERONICA: So, how long have they known she was willing her money to you? 
CASEY: They've known for a year.  
 Cut to Veronica dropping Casey off at the collective  
 VERONICA: I wish I could come with you. 
CASEY: I know. Thanks for spending all this time with me. You know, if you wanted to, you could. 
VERONICA VOICEOVER: Crazy thing? I do want to.  
 Veronica starts up the car reluctantly and drives away. Cut to the Mars' kitchen. Veronica gets a carton of milk from the fridge, setting it on the counter. On the side of the carton is the picture of a runaway: Debbie Myer. Amongst her details, it shows she's 17 and went missing on 29 April 2002. It's Rain. Veronica gets a glass from the cupboard and grabs the milk to fill it. She spots the photo  
 VERONICA: Rain?  
 Cut to later. Veronica is sitting in the dark, staring at the milk carton when Keith enters the apartment  
 KEITH: That must be good milk. 
VERONICA: Recognise her? That's Rain. One of the girls from the collective. Real name, Debbie Myer. She's a runaway, a minor. 
KEITH: So we gotta call the Gant family right away. 
VERONICA: Hold it, hold it. Please Dad. Let's think about this for a minute. 
KEITH: This is what we're working for. We were praying for a break and now you gave it to us. Don't tell me the prospect of having new digs and steady hot water doesn't sound good to you. And we can't just blow this off, Veronica. They're contributing to the delinquency of a minor. It's a serious crime. 
VERONICA: Oh, please, Dad, you've been around these people. Do you honestly think they're corrupting anyone? I think they're exactly what they seem to be; a bunch of sweet, naive, sixties throwbacks. 
KEITH: That's possibly true but definitely beside the point. Even if they are the Utopian sweethearts you think they are, we don't answer morally or otherwise to the Moon Calf Collective. We answer to our clients who pay us to do a job and that job is to find the information they want.  
 Keith walks away as Veronica ponders unhappily. Cut to Neptune High. Veronica enters Holly's empty classroom. Holly is cleaning the blackboard  
 HOLLY: Hey, Veronica. Casey told me you were out at the farm last night. I wish you could have stayed a while, it was so beautiful. The moon was so bright, you could almost read by it. 
VERONICA: Holly, there's something you need to know about, right now. The thing is I work for my dad who's a private detective, okay, and  
 Holly looks up, past Veronica. She turns to see Casey, tears streaming down his face  
 CASEY: Mr Clemmons just called me to his office. My grandma died this morning. 
HOLLY: Oh, Casey.  
 Holly holds him.  
 HOLLY: Casey.  
 Veronica strokes his arm. The delicate strains of "Famous Lover" by The Fire Marshals Of Bethlehem start up. Cut to the cemetery as the funeral for Casey's grandmother concludes  
 SONG: Lay down your arm and sing with me 
My melody is shaky 
You say you knew, when we first met 
I'd be your famous lover 
There's a {?} around us 
It makes an angry sound 
But you are speaking slowly 
Beauty and time, my famous lover 
Build bridges over water 
Dream of the buildings there 
I know that when I stumble 
You'll remain my famous lover.  
 Casey walks away with Josh and Holly. Veronica races up to them  
 VERONICA: Josh, Holly. I've done something I regret. I found out that Rain was a runaway. I told my dad about it. You have to get her the hell out of there right away. 
JOSH: It's okay, Veronica. We get the picture. Everything's gonna be just fine. We appreciate you being up front with us. If you'll excuse us. Ah, come join us later if you like. 
VERONICA: Thanks, Josh. I won't keep him long.  
 Josh and Holly leave and Casey walks Veronica to her car.  
 CASEY: I appreciated you being here. For no reason that I can see, you've been a real friend to me lately. 
VERONICA: Can you really say that after what I just told you? 
CASEY: I guess I don't think that you were faking the kindness. Am I wrong?  
 Veronica smiles. Casey looks over to a large limo  
 CASEY: Well, I guess I better go have this conversation with my parents. They wanna hear that I'm not going to let them starve.  
 Casey helps Veronica into her car and walks down to talk to his parents, waiting by the limo. She watches through the rear view mirror. As Casey nears them, two men grab him and shove him into the limo  
 CASEY: Hey, come on, what are you doing? Hey!  
 Veronica jumps out of her car as the strange man gets into the limo after him  
 VERONICA: Hey! What are you doing to him? Stop! Stop!  
 Veronica watches the car drive away. Cut to Mars Investigations  
 VERONICA: Dad! We have to call the police, Casey's just been kidnapped. 
KEITH: What? What are you talking about? Kidnapped by who? 
VERONICA: By his parents and that creepy guy that was with them at the last meeting. They grabbed him in the parking lot at the funeral and shoved him in the limo and drove away. 
KEITH: They grabbed him? So it was against his will, then? He tried to get away? 
VERONICA: No, it's not like he was running from them. I was kind of far away but I could tell he was surprised by what was happening.  
 Keith gets up from his chair and comes round to sit on his desk, facing Veronica  
 KEITH: Okay. I wasn't there. You saw what you saw, I'm not doubting your interpretation but if I was still sheriff and somebody told me an 18 year old kid got into a car with his parents after his grandmother's funeral, well there's nothing I could do about it. Not for a couple of days anyway so let's just hold off. See what happens, okay? 
VERONICA: I wish we hadn't turned over that information about the collective. 
KEITH: We didn't. 
VERONICA: What? You didn't 
KEITH: Um-um. I thought about what you said, what I heard on the wire tap and, uh, you were right. Once you get past all the sixties theme park trappings, that community's a lot more wholesome and functional than, just for example, Neptune is. [Picks up a file from his desk] I also did a little checking on Debbie Myer. What a life. Poor kid's been in four foster homes since she was eight years old. Reports of serious abuse in at least two and I had to admit it, she's a lot better off where she is.  
 Veronica bestows on him a loving smile. Cut to the parking lot at Neptune High as Veronica gets out of her car. There is a flyer on her windscreen. She grabs it, glances at it and heads round her car to the car parked next to her  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: With each day that passes, I come more to terms with the question of my paternity.  
 It's Duncan's car. She sticks the flyer on his windscreen. Duncan notices and exits the car  
 DUNCAN: What's this?  
 He grabs the flyer  
 DUNCAN: [Reads] Free Crab Rangoon with purchase of Happy Family Dinner at Wok'n'Roll. Phat. Don't think I didn't notice the sacrifice. 
VERONICA: My pleasure.  
 Duncan walks on but turns back to glance at Veronica. He smiles. Veronica watches him go  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: I sent off for those test results because I wanted the truth. But can a lab tech really see the shape of my soul in a drunken conga line of genes? Jake Kane could be my father. But whether he is or isn't, would I really claim him as such and deny the man who raised me?  
 Wallace runs up to join her  
 WALLACE: Veronica, wait up! What's up?  
 A Porsche Boxster cuts across their path into a parking space  
 WALLACE: Oh. Now that's a sweet ride.  
 Casey gets out, giving Veronica a disdainful look  
 CASEY: What's up, Veronica.  
 Veronica watches the old Casey go regretfully. Cut to Veronica entering the apartment. She checks the mail and freezes  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: The DNA test results.  
 Veronica lies on her bed, holding the unopened envelope  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: It's my call now. I can open this letter and find out if my dad is really my dad. If he's not, then I'm almost certainly the daughter of Jake Kane and, consequently, an heiress.  
 Veronica quietly sneaks into Keith's bedroom, trying not to wake him. She shreds the envelope in the shredder. The noise wakes Keith, who turns on the lamp by his bed.  
 VERONICA: Hey, Dad. 
KEITH: Honey, I don't mean to ask a silly question but is, is it really necessary that you do that right now? 
VERONICA: Yeah. As a matter of fact it is.  
 End 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 