Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x05 - You Think You Know Somebody - Veronica Mars 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x05 - You Think You Know Somebody https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=874&t=32624 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/25/19 11:37 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x05 - You Think You Know Somebody 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Previously on Veronica Mars 
LILLY: [At the carwash] I've got a secret.  
 Cut to Veronica Running to Lilly's Body.  
 LILLY: [Offscreen] A good one. 
VERONICA VOICEOVER: It's been a year since my best friend Lilly Kane was murdered.  
 Cut to Neptune High.  
 LOGAN: That's my girlfriend. Your friend. Duncan's sister.  
 Cut to the car wash, then to Veronica and Troy in the school hall.  
 VERONICA: My dad wants to meet you. 
TROY: Do not worry, I give good parent. 
KEITH: [Offscreen] Actually ...  
 Veronica and Troy kiss. Cut to the Mars' apartment. Troy is sitting on the couch. Keith is on the flesh next to it.  
 KEITH: ... she has not told me anything about you. 
TROY: Well I do not know if that's a good thing or a bad thing. 
KEITH: Neither do I.  
 Cut to Keith and Veronica having dinner at the apartment.  
 KEITH: So I got a call from your counseling counsellor today. Any idea what for? 
VERONICA: Nope. 
MISS JAMES: [Offscreen] She's been late ...  
 Cut to Miss James' office with Keith standing in front of the desk.  
 MISS JAMES: She has attitude with some teachers.  
 Cut to Veronica standing in the school hallway and other students fast forward around her.  
 MISS JAMES: [Offscreen] and socially she seems to be a bit isolated.  
 Cut to Keith poking his head round the door of Veronica's room.  
 KEITH: I never want you to think of your mother in this. 
VERONICA: The hero is the one that stays and the villain is the one that splits.  
 End previously. Scene opens in Tijuana, Mexico. It is night. A boy, who will be called Luke, is carrying a piece and is creeping about a dumpster. He exchanges an envelope hidden inside the room for something from a dumpster and looks about nervously. He walks away from the dumpster to a parked car, knocks on the window and laughs at the sound of a groan coming from inside. He climbs into the back seat and joins driver Troy and a badly hung-over Logan, sitting in the front.  
 LUKE: Wake up! 
TROY: I've spent the last forty minutes listening to Logan dry-heave so you could buy a deformed pi ata? 
LUKE: [Laughing] Dude, everything was closed. It was the cheapest souvenir I could find. 
LOGAN: [Struggling] I'll say it one more time. [Pause] Juanita from the Hot Tamale? Aye-yi-yi-yi. [Laughs then gags] 
TROY: Whoa! What'd I tell you about drool on the leather. Dad's very strict about the car. [As the boy in the backseat laughs Logan and groans] He's the only one allowed to dry-heave in it. [Sniggers] All right. Have we had our fill of Tijuana? 
LOGAN: No 
LUKE: [Simultaneously] Yes.  
 Troy starts up the car. Cut to the Border Inspection Station where cars queue to pass through. Vendors sell souvenir flags and goods.  
 TROY: No, no, thank you.  
 They pull forward.  
 LUKE: These border checkpoints, man, they always freak me out. 
LOGAN: Maybe we should not volunteer for the full cavity search.  
 They reach the checkpoint. Luke is very nervous. A customs officer leans into the driver's side window with a torch.  
 OFFICER: Morning. 
TROY: Morning, sir.  
 Troy and Logan are grinning at the Officer.  
 OFFICER: You, uh, fellas have a good time in Mexico. 
TROY / LOGAN: [Simultaneously] Yes, Sir. 
OFFICER: Wanna go ahead and hand over your contraband.  
 Long beat. Troys eyes widen as he looks at Logan then back at the officer.  
 OFFICER: [Smiles] It works sometimes. Pop the trunk.  
 Luke breathes a sigh of relief as the officer checks the boot.  
 TROY: Anybody else hungry? 
LUKE: Sure. 
TROY: Yeah. 
 Cut to a dinner. Logan and Luke are seated at the counter. The remains of a meal are before them.  
 LUKE: I can not believe you're calling me a wuss. 
LOGAN: Mmm 
LUKE: I'm serious. You're the guy That can not close the deals 
TROY: Dude, what are you talking about? 
LUKE: I'm talking about that girl, that g-girl. Esmerelda?  
 Troy returns to the counter.  
 LOGAN: The deal was closed back VIP, my brother, make no mistake.  
 Troy puts some money on the counter.  
 LUKE: No way. 
LOGAN: [To Troy] Did you wash your hands?  
 Troy smiles and wipes his hands on Logan's shoulder.  
 LOGAN: Thank you. 
TROY: I got this boys, let's roll. 
 Troy punches Logan on the arm. Logan groans. Border Grid & Diner - Troy leads while Logan and Luke continues their debate.  
 LOGAN: [To Troy] All right, settle something for us, partner. Did not Luke look kind of scared when he started working on his milkshakes on him. 
LUKE: That's great. That's adorable. You're a good man, you're a good man. Thank you. I was not, uh, I was not scared, I was concerned.  
 Troy, looking forward, looks concerned himself.  
 LOGAN: Oh yeah. You've never seen a girl pick up a glass like before.  
 The boys are standing in front of an empty car parking space. 
 TROY: Is not this where we parked? Tell me that this is not where we parked. Please, who knows me that you can see my father's heart and that heart attack that I'm having right now is for nothing. 
LOGAN: Well maybe it's like Brigadoon. If you come back in a hundred years, it will be right back in this spot. 
LUKE: [Panicked] Troy, did you lock it? 
TROY: Did I lock it?  
 Logan lies down in the space. Cut to Luke with his head buried beneath his hands as they wait outside the dinner.  
 TROY: [To Luke] What's your problem? It's not even your ass on the line. 
LUKE: Yeah, I know. This just really sucks, man. 
LOGAN: Wow man, that's profound. 
TROY: My parents come home in five days. If the car is not back before my dad is, I'm going to be singing hymns and doing rosary beads before you say 'The Passion'.  
 Veronica pulls up.  
 VERONICA: Dude, where's your car?  
 Troy frowns and shakes his head.  
 VERONICA: Sorry.  
 Troy heads for the car.  
 VERONICA: Ah, [indicating Logan] your monkey's gonna have a ride in the back. 
LOGAN: Ha-ha. Nice car. [Climbing into the back seat] God, it must have been a huge cereal box.  
 Veronica is ready to get f*cked at Logan as Luke gets in the back.  
 TROY: Now let's let that go. Cherish these moments. Because they will probably be the last ones we spend together. [Gets in the front seat] 
VERONICA: Hey, I do not mind dating a guy that rides a bike. 
TROY: How do you feel about a guy who's being sent to Catholic school in Albuquerque?  
 Veronica's face indicates that it would not be so cool. Opening credits. Cut to the pulling up outside a large house. Luke and Logan climb out.  
 LOGAN: Thanks for the ride. Does this mean you're gonna play nice now? 
VERONICA: Walk in front of the car, we'll see.  
 Luke laughs. As he and Logan cross the front of the car, Veronica revs the engine. Logan smiling, slaps the hat with the jacket he's carrying.  
 LUKE: [To Logan] Can I stay in your guest house. [Pointing back to the house] I just do not want to wake my parents up this early.  
 Logan and Luke get into Logan ' 
 VERONICA: I have a brilliant idea. 
TROY: Does it involve a time machine? 
VERONICA: Why do not I make some phone calls and see if I can track down the car. 
TROY: I appreciate it but I think this is even beyond your super powers. 
VERONICA: Have not you heard? I've got friends in low places. 
TROY: Look, I can not report the stolen car 'cause my dad thinks it's still safely tucked in the garage. Which means I can not get the anti-theft homing device activated. It's-it's probably on a cargo ship to Jamaica. You know, my dad is going to send me away, he's going to track me down and he's going to kill me. 
VERONICA: Not if he does not find out. Let's go back to your house. 
TROY: And take my mind off my problems? [Giving a lecherous grin] 
VERONICA: And get the details on the car. Model. License number. WINE. 
TROY: How do you make VIN sound so hot?  
 Veronica laughs. Cut to the front office of Mars Investigations. Wallace is heading for the desk at which Veronica is seated, carrying refreshments.  
 WALLACE: Are you going to find Troy's stolen because over the internet? 
VERONICA: You'd be surprised what one can find with a few nimble keystrokes. 
WALLACE: All right, then, Velma. Why do not you see what you can find on, say, me. 
VERONICA: It's Daphne, thank you very much.  
 Prying Eyez Dotcom, with login and password, Veronica's laptop screen fills.  
 WALLACE: [Looking over her shoulder] What's that? 
VERONICA: If you're a PI with a password, this is the gateway to many a skeleton filled closet. Arrests, divorces, bankruptcies. [Gasps, then in Scooby voice] Rut-roh! Somebody got their license suspended last year. 
WALLACE: I got it back. Bet you do not say that.  
 Wallace heads back around the desk.  
 VERONICA: Wait, if I'm Daphne, what does that make you? Fred? 
WALLACE: [Sitting] Oh no. If I gotta be any of those white boys, I gotta be shaggy all the way baby. Shaggy's got mad flavor. 
VERONICA: Awwww, you still have a subscription to Mad Magazine. You're all about the flavor.  
 Veronica closes her laptop as Keith comes from her office heading for the kitchen area.  
 KEITH: Hey guys. 
VERONICA: Hi. [In a whisper to Wallace] Hey, help me out. So, for my dad's birthday, I'm thinking? Rock climbing? 
WALLACE: Because he loves heights? 
KEITH: [From the kitchen area] Not so much but keep thinking outside the box, I like it. And do not wait for me for dinner, I'll probably get out of the Italian place. 
VERONICA: Luigi's? Will you get some lasagna? 
KEITH: Some lasagna? I'm just saying last time we went to Luigi's you ate your weight in manicotti. 
VERONICA: And now your birthday will be spent sky-diving. [Keith laughs aloud] Alone.  
 Cut to the Mars' apartment. Veronica comes in and greets the dog (note that this is not the same dog as in 1.01 Pilot).  
 VERONICA: Hi buddy, hi. We'll go out in a minute. 
 Veronica drops her keys and hits the play button.  
 FEMALE VOICE: Hi Keith, it's me. I could be a little late to dinner since I came into work- Oh, wait a minute. Um, I'm sorry. I'm just going to call your cell.  
 Veronica looks suspiciously at the phone as she gets herself a drink. She heads back to the phone and punches in the code to ring the last caller.  
 FEMALE VOICE: Hi, you've reached Rebecca James in the Counseling Office at Neptune High School. I'm away-  
 Veronica cuts off the call.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: You know those people who can predict their life? I'm not one of them. Change has a way of just going up and punching me in the face. 
 Cut to Luke's face. He is straining with something.  
 HANK: [Offscreen] I love the effort. I mean, look at this guy, he's really working. You're pushing through the bread, man.  
 The camera sweaters back to show a gym. Luke is lying on his back to a heavy barbell just clear of his chest. A blond man, Hank, is standing at his head.  
 HANK: Nobody's kicking sand in your face. But, uh, you look a little tired there, tiger, so I'll tell you what. Tell me where my package is and I'll help you lighten that load. 
LUKE: [With effort] It's a friend's car. I'll have it for you tomorrow. 
HANK: [Kneeling down] OK, I'll tell you what. You got until 9am otherwise I'm gonna hunt you down and the closest thing you're gonna come to playing baseball is me shoving a beat right up your ass.  
 Hank pats Luke on the cheek and then removes the barbell. Cut to the Mars' apartment. Keith is putting some things in a box Veronica enters from her bedroom.  
 KEITH: Morning honey. 
VERONICA: What'cha doing? 
KEITH: Nyah, I figured I'd put the rest of your mom's stuff in storage. I do not think we need the reminders anymore, you know? 
VERONICA: [Getting cereal] Yeah. 
KEITH: You wanna take a look? 
VERONICA: Not so much, no. 
KEITH: Well, I'm gonna leave it here for now. I've got an eight o'clock. 
VERONICA: So, you and Miss James, huh? I would not have pegged that one. 
KEITH: Yeah, well, we only went out a couple of times. I did not want to make a big deal out of it. 
VERONICA: So do not. I get it. Companionship, needs, yada, yada, yada. It's fine. 
KEITH: I'm sorry you did not hear about it from me first. 
VERONICA: Do not sweat it. You know how many things I do not tell you? [Off Keith's look] I'm kidding. It's cool. Just next time, could you shoot for an actual teacher? Because this has no potential benefit to my grade point average. 
KEITH: You sure you feel okay about this? 
VERONICA: Yes. 
KEITH: Good. I like her. 
VERONICA: Cool. 
KEITH: Have a nice day. 
VERONICA: 
 Keith leaves. Veronica puts down her cereal bowl and walks slowly over the box. She picks up a picture of Keith, Lianne and herself.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: The best way to dull the bread of your best friend's murder is as soon as possible. It's like having a hammer, then when it's throbbing so badly you do not think you'll survive, you cut the damn thing off. [Picking up a small pile of unframed pictures] When my dad implicated the beloved Kane family in Lilly's death, I was willing to stand by him and lose everything else. Mom? Was not.  
 There is a small envelope in the jewelery box. Veronica opens it.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: A safety deposit box key? 
 Lianne Mars' death certificate. Veronica is working on one of the screens in the school publications room. It looks like the class is wrapping up.  
 MS DENT: Thanks everybody. Do not forget, interviewing exercise tomorrow.  
 As Ms Dent leaves the room, Luke rushes in and over to Veronica.  
 LUKE: [Out of breath] Hey. You're helping Troy find his dad's car, right? 
VERONICA: You're sweating on me. 
LUKE: [Taking a breath] Look, I need your help. There's something more than that. [Veronica looks at him] There was a lot of steroids in the back seat. II did a run for Hank Zigmund. He owns the Zig-Zag Sports Club. I wanted to get pumped for Varsity baseball. I was pretty much down for whatever. 
VERONICA: Including shrunken testicles and acne scars. Well, speaking for the women of America - Good plan! Wait. What did Troy and Logan know about this? 
LUKE: Nothing. I swear. [Off Veronica's disbelieving look] Yeah, all right, Logan knew but he wasn't-he was not in on anything. 
VERONICA: It does not matter anyway. I do not help dealers find their lost products. 
LUKE: [Desperately] Look, do not think of it like that, all right? Think of it like you're saving my life, I mean the guy's built like a truck. He will-he will break one of my limbs. 
VERONICA: [Sighs] If I were to help you, you would have to return the steroids and get your money back and then return the cash, not the drugs. 
LUKE: Yeah, I'll do whatever. 
VERONICA: I'll figure something out. Until then just lay low.  
 Veronica grabs the death certificate as it rolls off the printer. Cut to the bank. Veronica approaches a booth.  
 BANK TELLER: Hi. May I help you? 
VERONICA: Hi. My mom died last year and I just found this.  
 Veronica sweaters out the safety deposit key. Cut to her in the vault then at the safety deposit box. She pulls out some files and some photographs.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: All this time, I've been thinking Mom bolted because she could not handle everything. Maybe she could not handle me.  
 The photographs are candid shots of Veronica against which the crosshairs of a target are drawn on each. Veronica is shocked. The scene shifts but is still on the pictures. 
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Looks like they used to 300mm on this one.  
 The camera pulls back to reveal Veronica sitting at her desk at Mars Investigations.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Not bad. Definitely the work of a pro. A pro who knew my schedule quite well last year. Judging by my lack of an eight man, 24 hour security detail, I'm guessing Dad has not had the pleasure of viewing this little slideshow.  
 Someone bangs on the door to Mars Investigations.  
 REBECCA: Hi! 
VERONICA: [Closing the file] Hello.  
 Keith comes out of his office.  
 KEITH: [Nervously] Hey 
REBECCA: Hi. 
KEITH: I thought, uh- 
REBECCA: I'm guessing I'm early, right? 
KEITH: No, no, it's fine. It's fine. 
REBECCA: I'm sorry. I'm just-I was anxious. Hi. 
KEITH: Hi. 
REBECCA: Hi. 
KEITH: Hi.  
 They kiss briefly as Veronica looks on bemusedly.  
 KEITH: Uh, Veronica, Rebecca wanted to stop by and uh? 
REBECCA: And, uh, just say hello. Outside of school. Veronica 
: Well, this is a little weird, but you are not dating. Um, I'm fine. No worries. 
KEITH: Well, I thought, um 
REBECCA: And-and I agree. 
KEITH: that if you had the chance to talk things would seem a little less awkward. 
VERONICA: And are you starting to see the wrestling-22 inherent in the plan? 
REBECCA: As to matter of fact, I am. [Laughs] OK, well, um, is there anything I can do that would make things easier for you? 
VERONICA: Can you get me out of the fifth organic period?  
 Cut to Veronica and Troy in her car. The music for "Such Great Heights" by Postal Service starts up.  
 VERONICA: So far, it's been talking about my buddy, Earl yesterday, at the impound yard. 
TROY: What do I love more? Do you have a buddy named Earl that he works at the impound yard? 
VERONICA: I'm guessing both. No sign of the Beemer. But he can get you a great deal on a good times van. 
TROY: I'll get that on my dad when he gets back. Maybe he'll take a look at his gun. 
 The lyrics kick in and will play beneath the rest of their conversation.  
 SONG: I'm thinking it's a sign that the freckles We're perfectly aligned. And I have to speculate that God Himself Did not like to make a mistake. death. When you're out there on the road for the radio, I hope you'll be able to do that. They will see you here! Come on now! They'll see you again 
. 
VERONICA: Yeah, me too. 
VERONICA: Here's a thought. If Tijuana was Logan 's idea then stealing the car could have been the master plan. 
TROY: It was more of a meeting of the minds, if you will. 
VERONICA: Ah, so what was the menu for this big debauchery? 
TROY: Let's see. From, uh, eight to nine, we brainstormed on how to overthrow Kim Jong Il. From nine to ten, we have the record of the black voters of Florida. After that it was, uh, yeah it was all donkey shows. 
VERONICA: So the usual? 
TROY: Pretty much, 
VERONICA: Anything else? 
TROY: If you wanna ask something, you just ask. 
VERONICA: OK. Did you meet anyone or were you followed? Did you see any suspicious activity? 
TROY: How about Tijuana? 
VERONICA: I'm not looking for DNA samples. It's just more information, the better chances of you finding it. 
TROY: I know. Sorry.  
 Cut to Veronica and Troy entering the Beacon Corporation, providers of tracking recovery. Veronica approaches reception.  
 TROY: [Quietly] So you think they're going to turn the Beacon system on just 'cause we ask sweetly? 
VERONICA: Well, we've tried everything else. Just watch a master at work, all right? This is what I do.  
 Veronica walks behind you towards the office cubicles. She steps into one staffed by a young man, Roger. 
 VERONICA: Hi, um, I'm the personal assistant to Lawrence Vandergraff. He's freaking out. He thinks his device is broken and he wants to run a diagnosis on his BMW. Here's the VIN number. Please tell me you can do this. Pretty please? Cherry on top? 
ROGER: [Apologetically] I-It's not really procedure. 
VERONICA: Well? Can it be our little secret? I've worked for the guy for two weeks and he already thinks I'm saying. 
ROGER: Uh, okay then. [Pointing to himself] Super Roger to the rescue [ then to the computer].  
 Veronica smiles thankfully then turns and winks at Troy. As she turns back into Roger's cubicle, an older official woman enters.  
 BEACON WOMAN: Roger, what are you doing? 
ROGER: Um, ahh, aa simple diagnosis. Uh, 
BEACON WOMAN: Has the car been reported stolen? 
VERONICA: Wel-not exactly. 
BEACON WOMAN: We never activate Beacon unless the car is reported stolen. 
VERONICA: [Silently] Right.  
 Veronica nods her head and heads back to Troy. He drops his head.  
 TROY: [Silently and with a hand gesture] Smooth, Veronica.  
 Cut to Logan's as he pulls up outside Luke's. Luke exits the car.  
 LUKE: Ok. 
LOGAN: All right. 
LUKE: Hey uh, that-that's great. Hey! Can you pick me up tomorrow? 
LOGAN: Yeah. 
LUKE: Good, good.  
 Logan drives off as Luke heads up the stairs towards the house. On his left an orange Hummer screeches to a halt.  
 HANK Hey! 
 As Hank breeds out, Luke bolts. Hank chases him for a while and then gives up a fence before a long drop.  
 HANK: You better run you punk bitch!  
 Cut to the High School. Logan is bent down at his locker, one of the lower ones. Veronica can be seen in the distance heading straight for him.  
 VERONICA: Time for a cat? 
LOGAN: [Standing] Well. Think if hell froze over, maybe it's on the news. 
VERONICA: I just wanna hear more about the steroids you bought last weekend. 
LOGAN: You mean the steroids Luke bought. Wow! You suck at this Nancy Drew stuff. You should get a new hobby. 
VERONICA: So you knew he was doing it. 
LOGAN: [Smirks] You actually think that I would tell you anything? [On Veronica 's Veronica' s look behind him and turning to see that] Hmm [with thumb / finger circle gesture], I guess we 're done here, Officer. [Whistles] What's up, T?  
 Logan walks between them, stares hard at Veronica and then walks away, football in hand.  
 TROY: Hey, gorgeous. That guy bothering you? 
VERONICA: What guy?  
 They kiss and Troy puts her arm around her with Veronica holding onto her hand and they walk down the corridor together. Cut to the Mars' apartment. Rebecca is looking in the bottom cupboards. Backup is helping.  
 REBECCA: All right. Where is your sifter?  
 Veronica has just entered.  
 VERONICA: I do not think we have one. 
REBECCA: [Startled] Oh, hi! Um  
 Rebecca extricates herself from the cupboards and stands. Veronica puts her bag on the counter as Rebecca wipes her hands. Backup jumps up on Rebecca. She laughs.  
 VERONICA: [Abruptly] You did not give Human food backup, did you? 
REBECCA: Oh no, no, no. I just found his happy spot, that's all. So, um, another box of bad timing. Your dad went out for groceries' cause I'm making dinner for both of you tonight. So, uh, how was your day? 
VERONICA: [Coldly] Fine. How was yours? 
REBECCA: It was excellent, thank you. I know you guys like Italian food so I'm making fettuccine and for desert guess. 
VERONICA: No idea. 
REBECCA: Waffles and ice cream. That's your favorite, right? I have this sauce on top of vanilla ice cream on the burner  
 Rebecca's voice fades as Veronica flashes back to her mother, in pajamas, in a different kitchen. There is a waffle on the counter behind her and an opened carton of eggs.  
 LIANNE: So. When are we gonna cook for your boy? 
VERONICA: We're Mars women. Should not we play to our strengths? And who says there's a new boy? 
LIANNE: Do not even try that. No, wait a minute. Let me guess. Um Fisher Garret? Kenny Houseman? 
VERONICA: [Increasingly offended] Have we put? 
LIANNE: [Relieved] Thank you. Um Travis Kittlemeyer. 
VERONICA: [Knowingly] Ooh, I think he'd rather be dating Kenny Houseman. 
LIANNE: OK. Um, then, Boris- 
VERONICA: OK! It's Duncan Kane.  
 Lianne 's cheery moods evaporates abruptly, replaced by one of concern and / or shock, as a warning tone emits from the iron waffle.  
 VERONICA: [Sensing her mother's reaction] The waffle's burning.  
 Lianne opens the iron on the charred waffle. A sound of something like Veronica back to the present.  
 REBECCA: Oh! Oh, god, I'm so sorry. It just slipped out of my hands. 
VERONICA: [Joining her] It's all right.  
 Keith enters with a bag of groceries.  
 KEITH: Hey, how's it going in here? 
REBECCA: Look at this. I'm a klutz. 
KEITH: Ah, it was ancient anyway. Do not even worry about it. 
VERONICA: I really appreciate you doing this, but I actually can not stay for dinner. 
REBECCA: Really? 
KEITH: [Skeptical] Why not? 
VERONICA: I told a friend I'd meet him at Sac-n-Pac. It's a school project. 
REBECCA: [Disappointed] Oh well, I-I'll ask first next time. Make sure you're available. 
VERONICA: Thanks for cooking. I'll try the pasta when I get home. 
KEITH: [Pointedly] Which will not be too late. 
VERONICA: Have a good night.  
 Veronica exits. Cut to a yard breakers. A bike comes into the yard and one of the men heads over to meet it.  
 WEEVIL: [Offscreen] Angel! How's business?  
 Veronica and Weevil come into view as Angel and Weevil high five and hug. 
 ANGEL: [In Spanish, translation by subtitle] Have you found the Lexus that I asked you about?  
 Weevil nods then turns his head to Veronica.  
 WEEVIL: This is Veronica. She's the girl that got me out of juvie. I told you about her. Look, she's looking for a car. A green BMW 740i. It should have been here a couple of days ago. 
ANGEL: [In Spanish, translation by subtitle] It came and went. We left it really cool. [Casting a glance at Veronica] Tell her that the customer has the receipt and the registration in order, like all my clients. And I do not even remember his name. 
WEEVIL: Yeah, I hear you. 
ANGEL: [In Spanish, translation by subtitle] And nephew, do not bring people I do not know. 
WEEVIL: All right.  
 They clasp hands and bump chests. 
 VERONICA: Did you ask him about the pi ata? 
WEEVIL: Oh, yeah. One more thing, uh. Did you happen to see a pi ata? 
ANGEL: [In Spanish, translation by subtitle] Mario took it. It's his daughter's birthday. 
WEEVIL: Gracias, Tio. [To Veronica as they walk back to Weevil's bike] So the car w- 
VERONICA: Was chopped. Your uncle will not say for who, but the papers are in order blah, blah, blah. Please tell me you know where Mario lives, because we need to get that pi ata right away.  
 Weevil is impressed.  
 WEEVIL: Baby, I'll buy a pi ata. 
VERONICA: [Sweetly] Will you buy me pi ata full of steroids?  
 Cut to Weevil and Veronica on his bike, looking for Mario's.  
 WEEVIL: I've only been here once. 
VERONICA: [Pointing] Uh, maybe that one. Where are the balloons?  
 Weevil heads for it and stops outside a garden where children's party is in motion. A child is banging on the pi ata.  
 VERONICA: Yeah, this has to be it.  
 Veronica breeds off the bike.  
 VERONICA: Stop, stop.  
 Just as she reaches the child, the pi ata splits and spills its contents to the ground. The children scamper to collect the small sweets in wrappers. Veronica watches, stunned and confused, then leaves the mothers chatter in Spanish about her behavior.  
 VERONICA: Sorry, sorry. 
 Cut to the inside of the girls' restroom. The door crashes open as Veronica forcefully pulls Luke into the room. She flings to the wall and checks that the cubicles are empty.  
 LUKE: Gee! Am I in trouble? What? God! 
VERONICA: We need to talk. 
LUKE: All right. But does it have to be feminine hygiene machine? 
VERONICA: Yeah. Get over it. Look, I found the pi ata and it is not full of steroids. You're out of options. If you want Ziggy off your back, you're going to have to buy him off. 
LUKE: Veronica, you do not understand. If I go to him without any steroids, cash or no cash, he's going to hurt me. Bad 
VERONICA: Well, you let me worry about that. You worry about getting the money. 
LUKE: Yeah, how? What do you think I've got e-eight big stashed away in my other wallet? 
VERONICA: [Angrily] Figure it out!  
 Veronica storms out of the restroom into the hall, thinking hard. As she looks up, she sees the door to the school administration office. There is a poster on it that says: She breaks and flashes her exiting that office. Lianne is gripping Veronica's arm, leading her.  
 VERONICA: Mom, what are you doing here? Where are we going? 
LIANNE: Ooh, I just thought it would be nice to spend some time together. I thought we could visit Aunt Sheryl. 
VERONICA: In Palm Springs? Mom, I can not go to Palm Springs. I have a history test and a Spanish project due. 
LIANNE Honey, please. Do not make this hard. [Whispers] Just come with me, okay? 
VERONICA VOICEOVER: [As we return to Veronica in the hall] Three days later she was gone. At the time I thought it was just one of my favorite things. I chalked her nerves up to the vodka. But now I think she really was scared.  
 Cut to Veronica's room. The music is Santana's "Put Your Lights On" with Everlast. Veronica is putting on cell phones in envelopes.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: People rarely cut all their ties, even when they try. If it's going to be there, it's going to be a good thing, I'm going to be able to meet you, maybe it's going to be safe for me to call me. It's my version of a message in a bottle. 
 Veronica breaks her activity when she hears the front door of the apartment. She walks out slowly towards her father, who has just come in.  
 SONG: Hey now, all you sinners 
VERONICA: One more hour and one can actually make a walk of shame. 
SONG: ut your your your 
KEITH: Let's say I'm gonna play the dad and go to bed. That all right? 
SONG: Hey now 
VERONICA: Actually I need your help. 
KEITH: What's up? 
SONG: all you lovers Put your lights on, put your lights on 
VERONICA: Troy Got His dad's car stolen On His way back from Tijuana and we're try trying to find it before His dad gets back so he's not shipped off to boarding school in Albuquerque. 
SONG: Hey now, 
KEITH: Hmm. He's important to you, is not he? 
VERONICA: Yes, he is. 
SONG: Put your lights on, put your lights on 
VERONICA:  
 Keith laughs tiredly.  
 SONG: Hey now, all you children 
KEITH: I'll be nice to your boyfriend if you're nice to my girlfriend. 
SONG: Leave your lights on 
KEITH: Veronica? 
SONG: you better leave your lights on 
VERONICA: Deal. 
KEITH: Good morning. 
SONG: The ill aha, we fade away. 
VERONICA: Good night.  
 Both go to their rooms. Cut to Beacon Corporation. Keith walks into the Cubicle of Beacon Woman as she enjoys her salad at her desk. 
 BEACON WOMAN: Can I help you? 
KEITH: James Anderson, head of security for LT Vandergraff. 
BEACON WOMAN: Sorry, I'm not sure I- 
KEITH: Do you know who Mr Vandergraff is? You will be named after the lawsuit he files against your employer. Now, I know you value him as a customer. He really values ​​this car, so we need to run a drill. You look like a smart lady. Do yourself a favor and turn his system on now.  
 She does. Keith smiles.  
 LUKE: [Offscreen] This is insane.  
 Cut to Neptune High School where Luke is sat in front of a computer screen. Veroncia is coming to a leaf.  
 LUKE: I mean, two thousand bucks with four bids? These people have no idea what a Barry Bonds' ball's worth. 
VERONICA: No, it's classic bidding strategy. They wait 'til the end of the auction. Try hitting refresh. 
LUKE: [Unhappily] Classic bidding. 
VERONICA: See, there you go. Twenty-eight hundred. We're almost there. 
LUKE: No, we're not almost there. [Snorts with disgust] III can not do this. I mean, you have no idea what I was going through to get this ball. You have no idea what it's going to be when he retires, 
VERONICA: [Patiently, with gestures] Luke. A ball or your life. You do the math. [Losing her patience] It's a ball! 
LUKE: Yeah, it-  
 Luke slaps his hand on the desk. Cut to Troy and Veronica outside under a tree. 
. 
TROY: What are you doing after school? Wanna come over and play detective? 
VERONICA: How are you laid back? I mean, if we do not find this car, we're done. This. Over. Does not scare you? 
TROY: Yes, it does. I mean it scares the hell out of me. 
VERONICA: Then why do you seem so- 
TROY: Let's just say that you've been told 72 hours to live. How do you spend them? You can dig through medical texts for a miracle cure or you can make those 72 hours the best three days of your life. And I choose sexy fun time. 
VERONICA: Well, I choose a miracle cure.  
 Wallace wanders over.  
 WALLACE: I do not get something. Why are your parents going to prison in Albuquerque? Seriously. What's wrong with a good old-fashioned grounding? 
TROY: I'll get you to call you. Get some parenting advice. 
WALLACE: Happy to help.  
 Wallace leaves as Troy and Veronica stare at each other.  
 MS DENT: [Offscreen] Remember.  
 Cut to the journalism classroom.  
 
 
 
 MS DENT: Start with light, easy questions first. Let your subject get comfortable.  
 Veronica and a snooty looking brunette, Ashley Banks, sit facing each other.  
 ASHLEY: So, Ms Mars. How do you respond to the rumors that your boyfriend strikes with strippers in Tijuana last weekend? 
VERONICA: Ms Banks. Have you decided which parent are you going to live with after the divorce? And if I can, follow up. Can you believe your father's choice in mistresses?  
 Ms Banks is stung. 
 MS DENT: [Offscreen] Veronica, I need to speak with you after class, please.  
 Cut to later.  
 MS DENT: You look ready for a fight. 
VERONICA: I get that a lot. I guess it's just my usual expression. 
MS DENT: [Sighs heavily] How do you think Ashley's going to sleep tonight? 
VERONICA: I did not know anything deep down. 
MS DENT: Maybe. But sometimes the lie we we are believed to be for our own good. Veronica digests this] You coming? 
VERONICA: Uh, in a minute. Research. 
VERONICA VOICEOVER: [Heading for the computers] Poor Ms Dent. She can not see the big picture yet. Love is an investment. Information is insurance. With someone whose heart has already been crushed, I say you can not be too careful.  
 Veronica pulls up Dotcom Prying Eyez. She is going to the background Check page. Cut to later at Mars Investigations. Veronica walks into Keith's office with a hint of trepidation. She walks into Keith's office.  
 KEITH Hey, there you are. I wanted to ask you a favor. I know you got something planned for my birthday, but it was so, you know, hoping it would be, uh, fine if, you know, before we went to do cook us dinner, because she's a great cook. 
VERONICA: [Sombrely, placing the file on his desk] I think you should look at that.  
 Veronica turns away and walks slowly back to the desk in the outer office. Keith opens the file and examines it. Veronica looks over at him.  
 VERONICA: Did you know she was still married? 
KEITH: I did not. I'm still married, Veronica. 
VERONICA: And that she was arrested for passing bad checks?  
 Keith rises from his desk and walks into the outer office.  
 KEITH: When was she 21. [Holding out the print from Prying Eyez] What were you thinking, Veronica? I'm your father. What made you think you had the right to do something like this? 
VERONICA: What are you talking about, have the right? This-this is what we do. This is how we survive. I was trying to protect you. 
KEITH: [Angry] Protect me? I'm an adult, Veronica!  
 Keith drops on Veronica's desk and heads back into his own office.  
 VERONICA: You've got her life going like it's no big deal! 
KEITH: [From behind his desk] Oh, it's a big deal. It's a huge deal. [Heading back towards Veronica] Makes me feel good about myself. Wanted in a way that I have not in a long time. It makes me wake up with a smile on my face. And we did not ignore your feelings. We tried to make you feel comfortable but you're a snotty.  
 Keith heads back to his desk again. Veronica follows.  
 VERONICA: Mom is still out there somewhere. Do you even care if she ever comes back? 
KEITH: You did not care until I started dating. You ' 
VERONICA: [With more distress] You can find anybody! If you were a criminal, you'd make a great pair of tracking her down and have a back in a week. 
KEITH: Well, maybe I do not care to find her. Have you ever considered that?  
 Veronica is stunned into silence by that.  
 KEITH: And here. [Taking out a card and heading towards his desk] I've turned your boyfriend's security system on. [Slapping it down on her desk] There's the code.  
 Veronica slowly follows him out. Keith spins round and enters his office, closing the door very firmly behind him. Veronica sits at her desk and leans her head into her hands, sobbing quietly. She sniffs, wipes to tear and pick up her pen. But she's still too upset and throws it aside, returning her head to her hands as she cries. 
 TROY: [Offscreen] Sure you're all right?  
 Cut to Troy and Veronica, late, in her car. Veronica has a handheld tracker which is beeping.  
 VERONICA: Would you stop asking me that? I need to concentrate. The signal is weaving all over the place. It's weird. 
TROY: You think they know that we're on them. 
VERONICA: Maybe, but it looks like it's going in between buildings. I do not get it.  
 The car pulls up in an empty street. They get out of the car.  
 VERONICA: It says this is the street. Seems like an unlikely place to hide a stolen car, here in mansion land. 
TROY: You think it's a garage? 
VERONICA: No, the signal is still moving all around. It's-it's right on top of us. 
 They look ahead. There is a whine and there a yellow lab with the tracking device attached to its collar.  
 TROY: Please tell me that a dog is not supposed to be the BMW. 
VERONICA: You think your dad'll notice?  
 Troy gives her a look.  
 TROY: Yeah.  
 Cut to the Mars' apartment. It is morning. Keith is in the kitchen, pondering. He hears Veronica as she comes into the kitchen.  
 KEITH: [Softly] You want some breakfast? 
VERONICA: No thanks, I'm just going to grab an apple.  
 Keith is staring at something on the counter behind Veronica. She turns and looks behind her. It is a file marked with Troy's name. She picks it up. 
 KEITH: That's for you. It's everything you can know about Troy. You can open it, you can throw it out. It's your choice.  
 Keith walks away. Veronica stares after him for a moment, then looks down on the file in her hands. Keith first puts Rebecca out of school. They are sitting alone on a bench against the window wall. Rebecca has one arm around Keith. Her other hand plays with Keith's on the table. She recognizes that Keith is struggling with something and watches him intently. She leaves her wrist resting on her shoulder.  
 KEITH: [Sadly] I just do not know how to say this. 
 Keith sighs heavily. Rebecca looks up, recognizing what is coming. She lets go of Keith's hand and her own together, her forearm still resting on her shoulder.  
 REBECCA: Keith, just pull the band-aid off. [She expels her breath in a nervous and soft laugh] The furrowed brow and the-the breaks are killing me. 
KEITH: I can not see you anymore. 
REBECCA: [Long pause] OK.  
 Rebecca backs off a little, taking her arm from her shoulder.  
 KEITH: I can not do this to Veronica. She's not ready to see me dating yet. I'm sorry. [Pause] I'm sorry, but she's having a really hard time. 
REBECCA: Can you do me a favor? 
KEITH: Of course. 
REBECCA: Can you just tell me it's another reason like, like a crappy one? Your being a good father is not really something I can bitch about to my girlfriends over margaritas.  
 Keith cups Rebecca's head and draws her to him. Cut to Neptune High. Veronica is waiting outside the lockers in an empty hallway.  
 TROY: Hey sexy. Give me a kiss, make all my troubles disappear? 
VERONICA: All your troubles? That would be a lot of kissing. [As Troy opens his locker] I'm just glad we were not dating when you were kicked out of those two schools for drug possession and trafficking, my lips would have fallen off. 
TROY: A-huh. Well good morning to you, too. 
VERONICA: Although, back then, Shauna was doing most of the kissing, was not she? You remember Shauna, do not you? You were kicked out of Pembrooke in Connecticut with her for marijuana possession and then out of St. Mary's in Boston. You crazy kids never learn. So I'm sure that you knew nothing about Luke picking up steroids in TJ? 
TROY: What are you talking about, steroids? 
VERONICA: [Wagging her finger] Do not even- 
TROY: Look, look, I do not know anything about Luke and steroids. Yeah, I got busted in Boston with some dope and big deal. 
VERONICA: You got busted for drug possession and trafficking! 
TROY: Yeah, so, that was two years before we even put. What does that have to do with us now? 
VERONICA: 
TROY: Maybe I would've. You ever think of that? Maybe after I know you for more than a month, I'd tell you my deep dark secrets. Or is that too much of a character flaw? Waiting for the girl to like you before you tell me the things you're not so proud of? I do not have to tell you that. You're Veronica Mars. You know everything.  
 Troy shakes his head and turns and walks away. Veronica stares uncertainly after him. From behind her, Luke rounds the corner. He is holding an envelope.  
 LUKE: Hey. I got it all. Eight big. And a little slice of my soul. 
VERONICA: [Crossly] Woe is you.  
 Veronica snatches the envelope and trounces off. Luke extends his hands in a 'What did I do?' gesture and follows. Cut to Verona and Backup climbing some stairs. 
 HANK: [Offscreen] Saturday night  
 Veronica reaches Zig Zag's Club, the gym where Luke was, uh, worked out. Hank is on his cell.  
 HANK: I'm looking forward to see you again at Brighton 
VERONICA: Hey. 
HANK: [To his caller] I'll, uh, talk to you later, all right.  
 Hank shuts down the cell and looks up at Veronica.  
 VERONICA: Is that Hummer downstairs with the Z-Meister flat yours? 
HANK: Abso-damn-lutely. 
VERONICA: Wow. Cool, I guessed right. 
HANK: So, um ... you here to get pumped? 
VERONICA: Not exactly. I'm here to settle Luke's account.  
 Hank abruptly changes from flirt to bully as he stands.  
 HANK: Why do not we step in my office? 
 Backup barks.  
 VERONICA: That's okay. I'd rather talk out here. 
HANK: Well, I would not. 
VERONICA: [On Backup's growl] Wah, he would.  
 Backup barks a couple times to reinforce the point.  
 HANK: You know, darling, unless you're blind, you're going to take your doggie outside. 
VERONICA: You can try explaining that to him because he never listens to me.  
 Veronica's cell rings.  
 HANK: You do not understand- 
VERONICA: Hold on one sec.  
 Veronica holds out her cell, saying that she is taking the call. She takes the opportunity to take a picture of Hank before answering.  
 VERONICA: Yeah? [Listens] Oh, hey Wallace. Not much, you? 
 Hank glares at Veronica and, on Backup's bark, at the dog.  
 VERONICA: No, not at all. No. Piece of cake. [Breaks] Yeah, thanks.  
 She smiles at Hank as she terminates the call. She reaches into the bag and pulls out the envelope taken from Luke.  
 VERONICA: [Hank handing the envelope] Here's the big eight you fronted Luke. You two are square now. 
HANK: [Taking the envelope and examining the contents] Well, I'm gonna take the big eight, but we do not square, you see, the little bitch let me down and I'm gonna have to make him pay.  
 Veronica nods.  
 VERONICA: Remember this moment. 'Cause you're gonna regret it. Toodles. 
 Veronica heads back to the stairs, dragging Backup behind her. Hank stares after her, malevolently. Cut to Veronica's cell and the picture she has taken from Hank. The cell closes and the camera moves to the picture loading on the laptop screen. Veronica puts down the phone and hits the keyboard. The screen indicates the 12th image of the picture is printing. Veronica readies a pen and paperback to the printer to a black and white print of Hank on Mars Investigations headed paper. She writes something on the space and places it in the fax. She punches in a number and it starts to roll through. Cut to a driveway. Troy and an older man walking towards a taxi waiting.  
 TROY: I can do better, I swear, just give me another chance. 
TROY'S DAD: You've used up all your chances. You gotta learn discipline and respect. 
TROY: [Plaintively] Dad, please. I'm sorry, I'm 
TROY'S DAD: [Implacable] It's too late for apologies, Troy. You've made your bed.  
 He walks away leaving Troy staring after him. Troy sighs in resignation.  
 TROY: Huh, yeah.  
 He turns and heads for the taxi. Cut to a lopsided chocolate cake with a single candle in the shape of a question mark in the center.  
 KEITH: [Offscreen] Wow, that's some cake.  
 The camera pulls back to reveal Keith and Veronica sitting at the kitchen counter in their apartment.  
 VERONICA: Is not it, though? 
KEITH: I love it. Ever notice how do you make things just to the left? 
VERONICA: [Cocking her head to check, then, confidently] I do that on purpose.  
 Keith laughs as Veronica hands out the cutlery.  
 KEITH: What time is Rebecca coming? 
KEITH: She's not. 
VERONICA: [Surprised] Oh. II already canceled the birthday surprise. I was gonna take you to see Santana at the Bowl. 
KEITH: I'm not seeing her anymore.  
 Keith lets out a big sigh, then picks up his fork.  
 VERONICA: Dad, you do not have- [Pauses] Sorry. I obviously know nothing about relationships. 
KEITH: But you can bake and that's important. 
VERONICA: [Guiltily] It's your birthday. You should be happy. 
KEITH: And what better way to spend it? 
VERONICA: No, I- you should- 
KEITH: I should 
VERONICA: be- 
KEITH: [Without pause] be able to do whatever I want because it's my birthday. I just wanna have a piece of cake with my daughter and that's all I want. 
VERONICA: [Lighting the candle] Well, happy birthday, Pop. 
KEITH: Thanks, kid. 
VERONICA: Do not forget to make a wish.  
 Keith smile, his eyes closed for a moment, seriously contemplates the cake and leans forward to blow out the candle. Veronica mimics him.  
 VERONICA: [Laughing and picking up the knife to cut the cake] Good one.  
 To the opening strains of "The New Kid" by Old 97's, cut to the USA Border Grille & Diner. Troy's taxi has already got pulled up and as Troy gets out, the driver takes his case from the boot.  
 SONG: The new kid, he ' 
TROY: [Getting some cash out of his pocket] Let's uh, keep this between us, all right?  
 Troy slaps the money into the driver 's hand and takes his case.  
 SONG: He's got the goods but he's not Good for his word  
 Troy enters the restroom of the dinner. He removes a package from a wind in the ceiling.  
 SONG: I should be rolling in it  
 Troy gets into the BMW retooling and drives off. He's feeling pretty smug.  
 SONG: I've been working stiff As for justice The new kid he's got my girl  
 Troy's cell rings. He grabs it as he drives.  
 SONG: The girl I used to have He got the looks you know 
TROY: Hello. 
SONG: Got them from his dad 
SHAUNA: Hey baby, it's Shauna. 
TROY: Can you feel the heat yet? 
SONG: I should be kissing that girl 
TROY: I am getting so close, baby, your panties should burst into flames any minute now. 
SONG: We should be so in love There is no justice 
SHAUNA: Troy, what's with this girl calling me? You gave her my number? 
SONG: There's just dark stars above 
TROY: Oh, whoa. What girl? 
SHAUNA: Some girl named Veronica. 
SONG: I'm gonna toil away Until my judgment day 
TROY: [Disturbed] Uh, did not you see me soon, did you? 
SONG: I will be rewarded for 
SHAUNA: She caught me off guard. What was I- 
SONG: The good things I did 
 Troy cuts Shauna off and grabs and rips open the package in something of a panic.  
 SONG: Believe me every year There is another one here  
 Candies spill out of the package together with a note. Troy grabs the notes and sets it against the steering wheel to read it.  
 SONG: Do not you see, I used to be the new kid. 
VERONICA VOICEOVER: Sorry we did not get a chance to say goodbye, just wanted to wish you good luck at your new school and leave you to remember me by. It took me to a place where you were alone, right? In case you're wondering, the pacific Ocean Ocean. Say hi to Shauna for me. She sounds like a keeper. 
TROY: [Hitting the steering wheel] Damn it! [And again] Damn it! [And again] Damn it!  
 Troy hangs his head and bangs the steering wheel yet again. Cut to the border customs sign advising declaration of all articles acquired outside the US. The various vendors show off their wares, Hank's Hummer. The light turns from green to green and Hank pulls forward. Hank's picture and her message: Hank "Ziggy" Zigman. Orange hummer - flat license: Z-Meister. He rips it from the board and approaches Hank.  
 OFFICER: Mr Zigman! [Holding up the fax] You wanna go ahead and turn over your contraband?  
 Hank just stares at the fax and at the officer. 
 OFFICER: Step out of the car please.  
 Hank gives a big sigh and drops his head, remembering the moment. Cut to Veronica. She is lying on her bed, eyes closed, listening to "Such Great Heights" by the Postal Service through headphones from a portable player resting on her stomach. She does not realize that she is vibrating on her desk. It stops and can be heard.  
 LIANNE: Hello sweetheart.  
 Cut to Lianne March, now with shorter hair, standing with her back against the wall of a sports stadium entry area. 
 LIANNE: First of all, I miss you so much. More than you could possibly imagine. You know what? I did not get one of your letters, but I will not tell you which one because I do not want you to try and find me. Veronica, you listen to me. I know you have a million questions but everything will make sense when the time is right, I promised.  
 Cut back to the oblivious Veronica, barely nodding her head to the music.  
 LIANNE: [Offscreen] I'll be in touch soon. Trust me, okay? I love you. 
SONG: They would see you like this great heights  
 LIANNE: [Offscreen] And could you tell your father I said happy birthday? 
SONG: 'Come down now', they'll say But everything looks perfect from far away 'Come down  
 Fade. End. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 