Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x16 - Betty and Veronica - Veronica Mars 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x16 - Betty and Veronica https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=874&t=32685 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/30/19 14:26 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x16 - Betty and Veronica 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Previously on Veronica Mars  
 Veronica watches from her as Jake Kane knocks on the door of room 6 at the Camelot Motel (from 101 "Pilot").  
 VERONICA: [Offscreen] What do you think Mom was doing at the  
 Cut to Veronica at the apartment having meal with her father (from 103 "Meet John Smith").  
 VERONICA: the Camelot motel with Jake Kane? 
KEITH: Veronica. Please. 
LEO: [Offscreen] I know all about  
 Cut to Veronica and Leo at the Sheriff's Department (from 114 "Mars vs. Mars").  
 LEO: your dad and the murder investigation. 
VERONICA: No you do not. Lilly Kane was my best friend. 
LEO: A guy confessed. He said ...  
 Cut to Veronica and Koontz at the prison from the same episode. 
 LEO: he did it. 
VERONICA: You're dying, Abel. You did not kill Lilly Kane. You're just somebody's patsy. 
VERONICA: Did you?  
 Cut back to Veronica and Leo from the same episode.  
 VERONICA: How did the head of security come to Kane Software?  
 Cut to Meg and Veronica (from 115 "Ruskie Business").  
 MEG: I think I have a secret admire.  
 Cut to Veronica at the dance nodding to Meg that it's okay that her admire is Duncan.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: J, Geils was right, love stinks.  
 Cut to Veronica pulling up at the Sage Brush Cantina in Barstow, then to Veronica in the bar, finding Lianne from the same episode.  
 VERONICA: Mom. 
 Cut to Veronica stumbling from her mother, only to see Clarence Wiedman. End previously. The music in the scene is the Notwist's "Pick Up the Phone".  
 SONG: You know this place, you know this gloom? We've been here before. Pick up the phone and answer me at last. Today I will step out of your past.  
 Veronica enters her room and looks round frantically and thoroughly.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: I looked for my mother for the better part of a year. I doubt that Clarence Wiedman just happened to find the same night. He did not know where to find my mother. He knew where to find me.  
 She looks up in her box and picks a box, which she examines. 
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: I never donated to the Wildlife Alliance, yet I kept that stupid pencil sharpener they smell.  
 Veronica throws down the box and grabs a panda-shaped sharpener from her desk. Veronica examines it, then breaks it. There is a listening device inside. Veronica stares at it. 
. 
VERONICA VOICEOVER: Wiedman was listening when I booked my flight to Barstow. I should have left the ball but I did not want my mother to see me for the first time. It seemed important at the time.  
 She takes it out of where she is in the panda's head. She flashes back to the Sage Brush Cantina in Barstow when Veronica found her mother. Her mother is trying to get away from her. 
 VERONICA: I know who's doing it Mom, I know who's blackmailing us.  
 Veronica struggles with Lianne and seesaw Wiedman. 
. 
VERONICA VOICEOVER: He had to have seen me. He knows I've made contact.  
 Wiedman exits the bar. Lianne stumbles and knocks over a flesh.  
 LIANNE: I'm fine, I'm fine, I'm fine. Honey, just please go. Please go, baby.  
 Veronica direct her mother on the bench seat of a small table. Veronica goes round the table on the other side.  
 VERONICA: I have been searching for you for a year. I'm not going anywhere.  
 Veronica grabs her mother and hugs her hard. Lianne hugs back. 
 LIANNE: [Whispering] Oh, god, I've missed you so much. [Pulling out of the hug] But this is bad. This is very bad, you should not be here. 
VERONICA: [Tearfully] Neither should you. 
LIANNE: I'm trying, though, I'm trying to protect you and I can not. I can not. It's just so hard.  
 Lianne weeps in Veronica's arms. Veronica calls out to the waitress wiping at table.  
 VERONICA: Can we get some coffee over here please?  
 She nods and goes off to get the coffee.  
 VERONICA: It's okay. Mom, everything is gonna be okay.  
 Lianne smiles hopefully through her tears. Veronica returns to the present and the chaos of her searched room. She still has the bug. 
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Clarence Wiedman was listening when I booked my flight to Barstow yesterday morning.  
 Veronica has got the bug on her desk and holds a statue of a Polynesian-like man, ready to crush it.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: I can only hope he's listening now.  
 Veronica breaks as she has a thought.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Or maybe, I want him listening.  
 She puts the statue down and replaces the bug in the head of the panda. She reassembles the sharpener and places it on her desk. She breathes heavily. Cut to a basketball rising and descending into the hoop, while "A Chorus Line" by Ultramagnetic MC's plays.  
 WALLACE: Now that was just racy.  
 It was Wallace's shot and he is practicing in the gym. Another lad fetches the ball and returns it to him. 
 WALLACE: Respect the jumper, Jack. Respect the jumper. Kid's got rank. 
JACK: Enjoy this moment, 'cause it's over now. 
WALLACE: I've space and opportunity.  
 Wallace bounces the ball, ducks and dives and passes Jack, sinking another hoop.  
 WALLACE: [Lording it over Jack] Ooo. That's your jock back there.  
 Veronica is sitting on the floor of the gym, watching and eating an apple. Some books are spread in front of her.  
 VERONICA: Do you need to jump back and kiss yourself? 'Cause I can wait.  
 Wallace grimaces at her and then he and Jack knock knuckles.  
 WALLACE: Good practice, good practice. 
 Wallace and Jack head for the changing room. Cut to Veronica and Wallace walking down the corridor. Wallace is being fessed by passing jocks  
 BOY # 1: Yo, bro! 
BOY # 2: Wallace, my man! Wallace and the boy high-five.  
 BOY # 3: Hey, what's up Wallace. 
WALLACE: Good game. 
BOY # 4: Wassup, player? 
WALLACE: Um-um-um hmm.  
 Wallace and the boy pound fists. Veronica sees all this with increasing fun.  
 VERONICA: [Putting on her best female voice fan] They like you! They really like you!  
 A girl is walking towards them by smoldering hots for Wallace.  
 NADINE: Hi Wallace. 
WALLACE: Hi.  
 Wallace turns out to watch his walk on by. 
 VERONICA: Who's the hoochie? 
WALLACE Nadine? She's in our grade. See, you need to socialize more, that's your problem. 
VERONICA: [As if receiving a revelation] Wait. That's my problem? 
WALLACE: Yeah, I know. This school has not always been that great to you. 
VERONICA: The gentleman has the gift for the understatement. 
WALLACE: I-I'm just saying 
BOY # 5: Huuhh!  
 A big lad walks straight into Wallace. This is a fun thing and Wallace returns the favor.  
 WALLACE: Huuh! I've got a few people around here. They seem pretty cool. Maybe this school is not as bad as you think it is. 
 They are saying that Wallace and Veronica run straight into the sight of Duncan and Meg. Duncan is holding his hands on his chest and their heads are close together as they lean against the lockers. Veronica is not happy.  
 VERONICA: They seem friendly.  
 She looks for her locker against the lovebirds as Wallace looks back at them. There is a tap on her shoulder.  
 CLEMMONS: Veronica. My office. Now.  
 Clemmons walks off leaving Veronica with Wallace.  
 VERONICA: I love this school.  
 Cut to Clemmons office.  
 CLEMMONS: [Closing the door] When we arrived this morning, we discovered that Polly was gone. 
VERONICA: Missing or pthwt? 
 Veronica makes the cut-throat sign for dead. Clemmons, as he heads behind his desk, is a little appalled.  
 CLEMMONS: Missing! 
VERONICA: Someone stole our mascot?  
 Clemmons nods and starts pacing behind his desk. Veronica throws up her hands.  
 VERONICA: Well, let's get it. You [air quotes] I'm suspended or expelled, tarred, feathered- 
CLEMMONS: Excuse me? 
VERONICA: I did not take the bird. 
CLEMMONS: I'm not accusing you. I'm asking for your help. [Leans over her] I want you to find Polly.  
 Veronica can not quite believe her ears. Opening credits. Back in Clemmons office, Veronica is open-mouthed as she listens. 
 CLEMMONS: [Very serious] You know how to control the rivalry between Neptune and Pan High is. It used to be a toilet paper with a lot of things [with heavy sigh] escalated. If this is not resolved quickly and discreetly, things could get ugly. We do not really have the money to hire a professional but we have some skills. 
VERONICA: I do. 
CLEMMONS: And what do you normally charge for something like this? 
VERONICA: A lot. Yeah, it's gonna set you back. 
CLEMMONS: How far back? 
VERONICA: Personal letter of recommendation. I'll write it, you'll sign it. My own parking space and a separate locker, preferably in the east hall. 
CLEMMONS: The letter and the locker, fine. But you're not getting your own parking space. 
VERONICA: Can you get me out of PE? 
CLEMMONS: No. 
VERONICA: How about a few excused absences? 
CLEMMONS: How about one? 
VERONICA: I'm thinking three. 
CLEMMONS: Miss Mars ... 
VERONICA: You're the one with the missing bird. 
CLEMMONS: Fine. Two.  
 Veronica holds her hand to shake the deal.  
 CLEMMONS: And this is, obviously, a confidential matter. 
VERONICA: [Confidentially] It'll be our little secret. 
 With a barely disguised grin, Veronica rises and heads for door. Just before exiting, she turns and gives Clemmons a "there, there, I'll take care of it" nod of her head. Cut to Wallace and Veronica at their lockers. Veronica's new locker is next but one to Wallace's. She is sorting through some books in her locker. Wallace is leaning against the lockers, eating a biscuit.  
 BOY # 6: [Offscreen] Good game, Wallace.  
 Wallace acknowledges the praise. Jack heads towards the top of the screen. He shouts as he passes by.  
 JACK: Yo, Wallace! You hear some guys from the pan high stole our parrot? Do not take this lying down. 
WALLACE: They stole Polly? 
JACK: Gone. 
VERONICA VOICEOVER: I guess the secret's out. 
VERONICA: 
WALLACE: I have plenty of free time as an office help. Me and Polly, we bonded. It'll eat right from my hand. 
BOY # 7: [Offscreen] What's up Wallace?  
 A hand comes out of the crowd to pat him. Wallace beams.  
 WALLACE: I must say, I'm a little touched. You picked the locker next to mine. 
VERONICA: This is prime real estate. Wallace Fennel adajacent?  
 Wallace pulls out of his locker box, about the size of a shoe box, decorated in school colors.  
 WALLACE: I'm telling you. This school is so much better than my old one. Look at this.  
 Wallace opens the box Veronica what is inside. There is a small stuffed frog in there, with some cookies.  
 VERONICA: Wow, your own cookies? 
WALLACE: Snickerdoodles. And they just appeared in my locker, just like that. Open my locker, bam. Homemade.  
 Yet another student high fives Wallace as he passes.  
 WALLACE: cookies.  
 Veronica laughs. She is enjoying his pleasure.  
 WALLACE: And that's not all. 
VERONICA: ['Can it get any better?' fashion] A peeled grape?  
 Veronica slams shut her locker and looks down on the words on the box as Wallace points out them.  
 WALLACE: [Reading] "Go Wallace, we love you, you rock."  
 Wallace, keeping hold of the box, slams his locker shut and they move down the hallway.  
 VERONICA: Wow. A snack and an ego stroke. I wish I was a baller. 
DUNCAN: [Offscreen] Great game the other night, man. 
 Duncan, holding Meg's hand, is intent on congratulating Wallace. Meg is not so comfortable with the moment.  
 DUNCAN: Eighteen points, eight assists. 
WALLACE: On the streets, we call those dimes. 
VERONICA: Streets! You live on the corner of Pleasant Valley and Marigold.  
 Wallace takes a little umbrella at Veronica's sabotaging of his cred.  
 MEG: Hey, did you cut your hair?  
 Veronica is still smiling when she asks me to go to the camera.  
 VERONICA: No, I'm growing it out.  
 Veronica's reaction has not escaped Meg and she quickly say her hands from Duncan's.  
 MEG: Wel- anyway, it looks great. 
VERONICA: Thanks. 
DUNCAN: We gonna beat Pan, man? 
WALLACE: Bet on it.  
 Duncan gives Wallace a handshake and the couple moves on.  
 VERONICA: Can I just do something?  
 Veronica Wallace pats hard on the back. Wallace laughs despite the biscuit filling his mouth.  
 VERONICA: Why does everyone keep doing that to you? Seriously, it's like you're made of velor or something.  
 From behind them, one of the basketball team run by.  
 TEAM MEMBER BASKETBALL: Wallace, you coming or what?  
 Wallace breaks in their strolls and turns to Veronica.  
 WALLACE: I was gonna go hang out with some of the guys on the team at lunch. 
VERONICA: [Sarcastically] And ruin the sanctity of our lunch duo? You know that will send me crying to the bathroom. 
WALLACE: Come hang out. 
VERONICA: [Skeptical] At the cool jock table? Me? 
WALLACE: Come on. They're all right. 
VERONICA: Thanks, but I have other plans.  
 Wallace nods, a little sadly but not surprised. He walks backwards away from her, leaving her alone amid the hubbub of the school hallway. Cut to another school, another planet. Veronica is a pink jacket, a white t-shirt and a short plaid plaid. The hair, it is curly. She is climbing some outside steps.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: High Pan, the Un-Neptune. Just 15 miles away but there are those inland, there are no yacht clubs and no $ 5 million homes with coastal views. The parking lot is full of American-made cars from the nineties and vending machines do not carry Orangina. 
 Cut to a large, indoor cafeteria.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: People here hate Neptune as much as I do.  
 Veronica, carrying a tray, looks around the cafeteria.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Go to any High School in America and you can tell who the popular kids are. 
GOTH STUDENT: Who's that? 
VERONICA VOICEOVER: They travel in packs of the biggest, the shiniest, and the prettiest.  
 Veronica spots the jocks and one of the jocks spots her.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: And much like wolves, they're always on the lookout for new meat.  
 Having found her target, Veronica adopts a more girlie demeanor and pauses to show she's looking for somewhere to sit. The jock does not disappointment.  
 RICHIE: Got some room over here! 
VERONICA VOICEOVER: Whoever said it was a man who had no idea how easy it is sometimes to be a girl.  
 Veronica smiles as one of the jocks leaves to make room for her. The jock who called her over, who, surprise, surprise, is called Richie, stands as she comes over and sits down opposite him.  
 VERONICA: I was doing the first day scout. Where to sit, where not to sit. 
RICHIE: This is a good choice, I promised. [Holding out his hand] I'm Richie.  
 Veronica shakes his hand and records that his jacket is marked with the number thirteen.  
 VERONICA: Uh-oh. Thirteen. Is it my unlucky day? 
RICHIE: Hardly! It's your first day and you're already at the cool table. This is Curtis.  
 A black guy in another jock jacket sitting next to Richie shakes her hand. 
 CURTIS: How you doing.  
 Richie points to the guy sitting next to Veronica.  
 RICHIE: And that's Zeke. 
ZEKE Hey. 
VERONICA: Hi. I'm [long pause] Betty. So, you guys all play basketball? 
RICHIE: Curtis and I do. 
ZEKE: I'm a team manager. Which is like being on the team. 
RICHIE: Which is like being near the team. 
VERONICA: I love basketball. I-I'm kind of a freak when it comes to sports. I totally get into it. 
RICHIE: Are we talking face paint? 
VERONICA: Face painting, hair streaking the color of the school. At my old school, I was horny.  
 Richie double-takes and Curtis chokes on his drink.  
 VERONICA: [Hurriedly] We were the Rhinos. I was the mascot. 
RICHIE: And what school was that? 
VERONICA: Riverdale.  
 Richie does not get it (note: Betty, Veronica and Richie).  
 RICHIE: Never heard of it. Oh, but hey, did you guys hear? Someone stole the Neptune parrot.  
 The crowd around the table react excitedly.  
 VERONICA: Parrot? And you thought rhino was weird? 
ZEKE: Well, they're the Pirates. So, you know, their mascot's parrot. It's yeah. 
RICHIE: Whoever stole it is my hero. Neptune High sucks. Believe me. 
VERONICA: [Genuinely] Oh, I do. 
RICHIE: We beat them every year. 
ZEKE: That was then, this is now. I tell you, that Fennel kid is amazing. 
VERONICA: [Momentarily dropping out of character for pride] He is? Really? 
RICHIE: We're not gonna lose. I guarantee it. All right? We got something special for our sleeve for Neptune. 
KID: Hey Richie!  
 A younger boy runs up to the table.  
 KID: You're not gonna believe this. They've got our goat!  
 There are cries of "What?" and the like from around the table.  
 RICHIE: What? 
KID: Neptune, man, Billy stole! It's so on!  
 The kid runs off again at the table steams at the news.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: A day in the life of a human google. Always in search mode. One moment tracking down the absurd, parrots and goats, metaphors for a school pride I do not possess  
 Cut to the Sheriff's Department. 
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: and an hour or two later, going after the appalling, the murderer of a teenage girl. Sheriff Lamb takes an annual marlin fishing expedition. I can not let the opportunity go to waste.  
 As Veronica goes for a cup of coffee, she flashes back to the bar in Barstow. Lianne's coffee is being poured into a cup.  
 WAITRESS: Just let me know if you need something else.  
 Lianne shakily slurps down to gulp. She puts her cup down with both hands and turns to her daughter, grinning ruefully.  
 LIANNE: How's my makeup? [She laughs and then more sombrely] I wish you were not seen me like this. 
VERONICA: You should have seen me last night. I was wearing blue eyeshadow. We had an eighties dance at school. 
LIANNE: Oh, that sounds fun. Was that fun? 
 Veronica does not lose her stricken look.  
 LIANNE: Well, I guess things do not just stop, do they. [Softly] There's still birthdays and dances and Christmas. 
VERONICA: No, there's really not. 
LIANNE: [Giggles] Do you remember what time you want to shave your hair like Cyndi Lauper? - 
VERONICA: [Earnestly] I know about you and Jake Kane. I wanna know what was between the two of you. Were you so adamant that Jake for Lilly's murder because you still had feelings for him? 
LIANNE Oh Veronica. 
VERONICA: Tell me. 
LIANNE: Jake was innocent. 
VERONICA: How do you know that? 
LIANNE: I just know that. 
VERONICA: Like in your heart because you love him? 
 Veronica's eyes are filled with unshed tears.  
 LIANNE: [Matter-of-factly] No. Because I was with him at the time of the murder. We were in a hotel room at the Neptune Grand.  
 Shocked, Veronica takes a deep breath and falls back against the bench. Cut back to Veronica at the Sheriff's Department, remembering this as she stands with her coffee. Leo comes up behind her.  
 LEO: Just so you know, in my mind that daydream was about me. 
VERONICA: Oh yeah? 
LEO: I was a little surprised you in full armor but, whatever. [He laughs] So what can I do for you? 
VERONICA: Ah, I need a favor. A big one.  
 Veronica leads Leo to a more private spot. Leo glances back at his colleagues 
LEO: Please say you need me to take care of a parking ticket for you. 
VERONICA: I need you to get questioned from Lilly's murder investigation.  
 Leo glances out again and sighs heavily. Cut to Mars Investigations. Keith comes out of the kitchen with a cup of something hot that he is stirring. Veronica is doing the filing.  
 KEITH: You got a weird call yesterday. The bank wanted to let you know you were overdrawn. I thought you were squirreling away all that college money. 
VERONICA: Must be a mistake. Forgot a decimal or something? Gold I blew it on ladies and horses. 
KEITH: You'd tell me if there was a problem, right? 
VERONICA: I tell you everything.  
 Keith smiles and pats her on the shoulder. He heads for his office. 
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Maybe not everything.  
 Keith turns on his way and walks backwards from his before going into the office.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: There are some things you're better off not knowing.  
 Cut to the bar in Barstow.  
 VERONICA: Guess you could not tell Dad you were in a hotel with your ex. 
LIANNE: It was not like that. 
VERONICA: I do not matter what it's like, Mom. 
LIANNE: I just went there to talk to him. 
VERONICA: All Starbucks were closed. 
LIANNE: Well, it had to be in private. [A little slurred] Everything is not so easy to explain, Veronica. 
VERONICA: [Impatient] Could you just try? Do you think maybe I could have some real, actual answers? You left us. 
LIANNE: Well, a few days before, I was in your room putting the laundry. Your phone rank, the machine got it. I heard Celeste's voice. 
VERONICA: Celeste Kane was leaving me a message? 
LIANNE: She said she had important information involving me and her husband. [Snorts] Things she thought you ought to know. She did not want you to see Duncan. So I called Jake, I put him to the Neptune Grand and I told him to tell his wife to back off. [Off Veronica's look, whispering, urgently] I was protecting you.  
 Cut back to Mars Investigations as a teary-eyed Veronica slams the filing drawer closed and swivels around toward the exit. Cut to Pan High. Richie and Zeke are arguing on their way into the cafeteria.  
 RICHIE: Uncool, Zeke, uncool. 
ZEKE: It's not like that. See, now, no matter what, after the game, I'm gonna be happy.  
 They pass "Betty" who clocks their conversation.  
 VERONICA: What's wrong, guys? 
RICHIE: Well hey, Betty. I just learned that Zeke here bet $ 200 on Neptune. 
ZEKE: Richie! They're 14/6, we're 6/14. I mean, there's no line. I'd be crazy to pass this up. 
RICHIE: [Sitting] They were favored last year and we beat them. 
ZEKE: Okay, all I'm saying, [sitting] is I'm not one. There is a bookie that set up camp at Rest Stop  
 Veronica also pulls up to continue listening.  
 ZEKE: fromand from what I hear, everyone from Neptune and everyone here are gonna go out and put money on Neptune. 
VERONICA: 
RICHIE: It's halfway between here and Neptune. It's like a cross between Inspiration Point and Tijuana. It overlooks the ocean, people go there to park. More guys sell stuff out of their trunks. You can get your hands on anything - beer, weed, p0rn, car stereos. That's what I'm told.  
 The conversation is interrupted by the excitement of the crowd at the arrival of another student, Wilson. There are lots of shouts of congratulations and applause.  
 RICHIE: What is that all about? Why is everyone clapping for Wilson Stablers? 
ZEKE: Dude, he's one that stole the parrot. He's showing everyone this picture he has saved on his phone with himself and the parrot.  
 Veronica gives a satisfied smile as she watches Wilson. 
 RICHIE: I'm gonna go shake that man's hand. See, Zeke. That's Pan pride.  
 Richie and Zeke head off for Wilson. Veronica follows them. Before they reach him, a cafeteria, a pulling a low, flat trolley is a large gift-wrapped box.  
 RICHIE: What's that? 
VERONICA: Is this a big drop off point?  
 Richie examines the large gift tag attached.  
 RICHIE: [Reading] "To Pan High Cafeteria, Good Appetite, Love Neptune."  
 Richie lifts off the lid and the sides fall away to reveal a large quantity of what appears to be wrapped meat, the wrapping being stamped "100% GOAT MEAT". We are going to eat meat patties and goat's bell. The students gasp.  
 ZEKE: They butchered Billy. 
 Veronica looks like the students react with horror. Cut to outside the school where Wilson is still basking in his newly-found popularity. Veronica runs up from behind him.  
 VERONICA: Wilson! 
WILSON: Hello? 
VERONICA: [In full Betty simpering mode] I hear you're the guy to see about seeing a parrot. 
WILSON: Man. Word really gets around, does not it?  
 Like Wallace, Wilson is subject to congratulations by back patting, this time from a student passing behind them. Wilson looks round smiling then returns his attention to Veronica.  
 WILSON: You're the new girl, right? 
VERONICA: Word does get around. 
WILSON: You want to see the parrot, huh? 
VERONICA: I do. I just think that's so cool that anyone would do that. I mean, what do you know? 
WILSON: [Breathed out] Yeah.  
 They've come to a halt in front of some outdoor lockers. Wilson shows Veronica his cell. It is a picture of him and a parrot.  
 VERONICA: How'd you get your hands on it? 
WILSON: [Opening his locker] I just walked into the school, I was a student there and nobody asked me anything.  
 Veronica notes his locker combination.  
 VERONICA: That's so brave. [Pure Veronica] Can not believe that worked. [Back to Betty] Wilson? 
WILSON: Yeah? 
VERONICA: I hope this is not going forward but I'm planning on heading to Rest Stop 15 later, you know, to check it out. I was wondering if you'd be my tour guide. Show me around?  
 Wilson is stunned silent at his luck and can only rapidly nod his head.  
 VERONICA: Meet me up there?  
 Veronica hands Wilson his phone back. He puts his jacket in his jacket.  
 VERONICA: O'clock oven. Do not be late.  
 Veronica playfully presses a finger on Wilson's nose. She has turned this boy to jelly. He grins and shuts his locker, then grabs his backpack, not able to tear his eyes away from her. She does a flirty wave at him. He waves back, walks backwards and, as he rounds a corner, straight into a group of students.  
 WILSON: Sorry. 
 As soon as it's clear, Veronica opens Wilson's locker. She searches the jacket and grabs the phone. She finds the picture.  
 VERONICA: Bingo, Betty. [She dials] Hey it's me. [Pause] No, it's not my phone. Listen, I'm sending you a picture. [Pause] You wish. What are you doing later? [Pause] Ever hear of Rest Stop 15? [Pause] Why does not that surprise me.  
 Cut to Rest Stop 15. The Donnas play "Fall Behind Me" in the background. 
 SONG: I can not believe she bought it She was too close and she caught It had a point of making you forget it When you skip steps on the way up You're gonna fall behind me You're gonna cry and beg for mercy You're not ready baby And you got it now I'm getting to know her You're not ready to get away from it You're gonna cry and beg for mercy You're not ready baby And you got nothing on me 
 There are cars parked everywhere and lots of singles and couples milling around. One couple is kissing, another walking and talking. One car with doors and windows closed has wisps of smoke escaping. The car door is open and smoke for the driver coughs. Someone is buying some stereo gear from the boot of a car. Wilson arrives, leaving his car in the midst of all this. He gets out and goes looking for "Betty". A couple of guys are throwing a football around. Wilson walks and turns, searching. He does not see Weevil coming up by the shoulder.  
 WEEVIL: Hey there, buddy. Looking for love in all the wrong places?  
 Weevil keeps a firm grip of Wilson.  
 WILSON: [Intimidated] Who, me? I'm a no one. 
WEEVIL: Where's the bird, Wilson? I'm almost bursting with Pirate pride here. Weevil wanna punch a cracker. 
WILSON: What bird? 
WEEVIL: You want to think about that answer, man?  
 Weevil Wilson shakes and turns Wilson to face him. He now has him by the scruff of the neck.  
 WILSON: All right. Look, I know what you're talking about but I did not take the parrot, I swear to god. 
WEEVIL: Someone's going to HE-double hockeysticks. 
WILSON: That's not Neptune's mascot in the photo. It's from a pet store, okay. I heard that somebody took the mascot. E-everybody was making such a big deal out of it. Look, they all thought it was so cool. 
WEEVIL: Wait a minute. You went to a store and took a picture of yourself? 
WILSON: [Weakly] Yeah. All right? 
WEEVIL: That's with you and your partner. Go home.  
 Weevil tosses Wilson aside.  
 WEEVIL: Get out of here.  
 Wilson drives off as Veronica comes from behind a car.  
 WEEVIL: No more favours for you. Now I feel bad for this kid. 
VERONICA: If it's any consolation, I hate myself. 
PAN HIGH JOCK: [Offscreen] Hey!  
 A white pick-up pulls into Rest Point 15, a high jock at the wheel.  
 PAN HIGH JOCK: [To Weevil] Are you the guy? 
WEEVIL: Probably.  
 The jock pulls to a stop. 
 PAN HIGH JOCK: Hey, can you put me down for a hundred on Neptune?  
 Weevil takes his hand out for the cash Veronica comes up behind him. The jock recognises her.  
 PAN HIGH JOCK: Hey, Betty.  
 Veronica gives a little wave and a rueful smile as Weevil looks at her.  
 WEEVIL: Why do not you excuse us? Betty. We're doing some business here.  
 Veronica nods and turns and walks away, glancing back at the transaction as she does.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Lucky for me  
 Cut to Mars Investigations. Veronica enters and falls on the small couch in the outer office. 
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Family business. When Dad lost his job as a sheriff, he told me that he was going to stay in Neptune and he would try to make it a private investigator. That was the last straw for Mom. 
LIANNE: [Offscreen] Honey, I'm not feeling too great.  
 Cut to Barstow. Lianne is pouring sugar into her coffee.  
 VERONICA: You should have something to eat. 
LIANNE: That's not gonna do it. I just need a little sip of something. 
VERONICA: [Shaking her head] No. 
LIANNE: Honey, my head is pounding. It's like tangled and- 
VERONICA: I do not want you to, Mom. I want you to keep talking to me. What did you say about Celeste's call? 
LIANNE: I do not know, nothing but I 
 Lianne gets up from the table. Veronica follows and holds onto her arm to swing in front of her.  
 VERONICA: What happened with Jake? 
LIANNE: I do not know, I just, I want to make her back off.  
 Lianne still wants to get to the bar Veronica will not move out of her way.  
 VERONICA: How did you convince him? 
LIANNE: It's very complicated Veronica, I do not know how to explain 
VERONICA: [Desperately] Just tell me the truth! How did you convince him? 
LIANNE: I told you that I was trying to make you feel good again, I had a paternity test done and take him for millions.  
 Veronica stares at her mother. 
 VERONICA: [Voice breaking] So you know, then? Are you sure that test will prove that Jake's my father? 
LIANNE: [Pause] No. 
VERONICA: Will it prove that Dad is?  
 Veronica is nearly hyperventilating.  
 LIANNE: [Crying] I do not know.  
 Distressed, mother and daughter stare at each other. Cut back to Veronica on the couch at Mars Investigation. Steps are heard at the door. Veronica looks up. It's Leo, in uniform. He comes in, smiling broadly. He hands her a gift-wrapped box as she sits up on the couch.  
 LEO: [Sitting down with a heavy sigh] How's that for inconspicuous? They do not teach you at the academy by the way.  
 Veronica opens the box. It is filled with tapes.  
 LEO: That's on me. 
VERONICA: [Sincerely] Thank you. 
LEO: Yeah. That's not going to be good enough.  
 Veronica looks at him, surprised.  
 LEO: I hate to break you but I'm pretty sure that aiding and abetting qualifies me for a dinner date. 
VERONICA: Actually, it qualifies you for dinner and a movie, but you are not sohot, so 
LEO: Damn.  
 They both laugh.  
 VERONICA: Hey, do you know anything about sports betting?  
 Veronica Leo as he leans back.  
 LEO: A little. 
VERONICA: Why would a bookie take bets on a team to win straight up, no line, if one team is heavily favored? 
LEO: H-he would not. A bookie usually tries to find a line in the money. They make their money on commission. If a bookie accepts that they are all on one side of the line, he's well, he's going to make a killing or he's gonna get killed. 
VERONICA: Why would he risk it? 
LEO: I do not know. Maybe he knows something that people are betting, do not.  
 Veronica takes this in. Cut to High Neptune, outdoor eating area. Veronica is sitting at one of the tables with Wallace, Jack and a couple of other guys from the basketball team. She is eating from a small box of grapes.  
 JACK: Four years I've been going here and we've never beaten these guys. This most definitely is our year. 
WALLACE: You gonna eat those?  
 Wallace grabs the box of grapes out of his hands.  
 WALLACE: I gotta go get a book out of my car.  
 Wallace grabs an apple from Jack's tray and puts that in his pocket.  
 JACK: Wallace!  
 Wallace grabs has a second unclaimed apple, again stuffs it in his pocket.  
 WALLACE: Catch up with you guys later.  
 Finally Wallace grabs a small bag of crisps as he jumps up from the table and hurries away. Veronica looks after him suspiciously. Cut to Wallace walking up beside some school buses. His sixth sense gives him a break and he turns round. Veronica is behind him.  
 WALLACE: Why are you following me? 
VERONICA: You say following, I say taking a walk with a friend. I'm just curious to know where you're going with the apple, the potato chips and the grapes. 
WALLACE: Forgot about that third eye. 
VERONICA: So what'cha up to?  
 Veronica catches up with him and walks on with him.  
 WALLACE: Trust me, you do not want to know. 
VERONICA: Oohh. I hate to know things. Please tell me that's not done with Polish hookers.  
 The camera twists to show their destination, a brightly painted van. Wallace smiles and opens the back doors. Inside, among chaos, is the goat. Wallace raises his hands to his head, looking at the mess. Veronica looks disbelieving at the goat and then at Wallace.  
 WALLACE: [Getting into the van] Oh, man, what is with you? 
VERONICA: You stole a goat? 
WALLACE: They stole our parrot. Matter of principle. Unlike you, I have some school pride. 
VERONICA: And a goat crapping apples in the back of your buddy's van. Congratulations. 
WALLACE: [To the goat] Will you quit it?  
 Veronica laughs at Wallace 's efforts to stop the goat nibbling further on the van' s soft furnishings.  
 WALLACE: Well, this is what high school is all about. Having some fun, you know, messing around.  
 Wallace sits back in exasperation.  
 WALLACE: This was Jack's idea. I got stuck with the damn thing. I had it in the house and it's everything, the rug, the sofa, my Air Jordans. 
VERONICA: And he lived to tell the tale? 
WALLACE: I do not know what to do with it. It's driving me crazy. 
VERONICA: Bad, kidnapped goat! 
WALLACE: That's it? You're not gonna offer me any help?  
 Veronica smirks, shakes her head, turns and walks away.  
 DUNCAN: [Offscreen]  
 Cut to Duncan in the school journalism / offices of the school paper. He has a pile of letters in his hands.  
 DUNCAN: "Plenty of material for the" Letters to the Editor "page. [Reading] "Polly's kidnapping is more than just a juvenile school prank.  
 Duncan hands the letter to Veronica who is perched on the desk.  
 VERONICA: Wow. Polly wanna payback. 
DUNCAN: There's about twenty more just like it. 
 Another girl, who will be named Arriana, walks towards the peer and clears her throat.  
 ARRIANA: And now for an opposing view. [Handing a letter to Veronica] A little something for the uninformed masses.  
 Arriana leaves.  
 VERONICA: [Reading] "Maybe the people who think that the person who has been polly is so awful should stop and think about the person who is pregnant."  
 Duncan comes round to Veronica.  
 VERONICA: [Reading] "I only hope whoever took that beautiful bird had the decency to set her free."  
 Veronica breaks to look at Duncan who snorts.  
 VERONICA: [Reading] "And if Polly really loves them, she'll fly back to them." 
 Veronica hands the letter to Duncan and gets off the desk to gather her bag. Duncan leans back to where Veronica was just sitting.  
 DUNCAN: I think she's one of those SAAC girls. 
VERONICA: Yeah, that's gonna need a little more explanation. 
DUNCAN: Uh, Students Against Animal Cruelty. They threw the bucket of blood on the homecoming a couple of years ago for wearing fur. 
VERONICA: Bucket of blood. Have we learned nothing from "Carrie"?  
 Duncan laughs as veronica exits. Cut to the Mars family kitchen. Veronica is baking while she listens to the interrogation tapes through headphones.  
 KEITH: [We're typing] Jake, you know, it's routine. 
JAKE: Well, I already told you, Keith. I was at the Neptune Grand with Celeste.  
 Cut to the interrogation room.  
 KEITH: What were you doing? 
JAKE: You're kidding.  
 Keith does not respond except to sit down opposite Jake at the table and look at him passively.  
 JAKE: [Heavy sigh] I was in a room with my wife. What do you think I was doing? Come on, you know what it's like when you've got kids. Privacy just goes out the window. This is something that we do from time to time. 
KEITH: So you've done this before? 
JAKE: Yes. 
KEITH: So you have received, to verify that this is something you do. 
JAKE: [Agitated] I mean, this is insane. You should be looking for Lilly's killer, not grilling me. 
 Cut back to Veronica. She is sprinkling cinnamon on a ball of dough in her hand, intently listening.  
 KEITH: [On tape] Were you making love? 
JAKE: [On tape] Private, do not you think? 
KEITH: [On tape] Under the circumstances, no.  
 Cut back to the interrogation room. Keith adjusts the tape machine.  
 KEITH: How long did you make love for? 
JAKE: I'm not answering that. 
KEITH: You were in a room for two and a half hours. How much of that time was spent making love? 
JAKE: Well, I do not remember exactly. It was a while. 
KEITH: So what did you do when you first got into the room? 
JAKE: I do not know. We settled in.  
 He gives an uncomfortable chuckle. 
 KEITH: What does that mean? You took off your shoes, your tie 
JAKE: No, II put on the TV. 
KEITH: What was on the TV?  
 Jake leans forward.  
 JAKE: Why are you doing this Keith? 
KEITH: I'm just asking questions. Not even hard ones. 
JAKE: We put on the TV for noise background so we could get right to it. Okay? Now do you want a, uh, play-by-play?  
 
 
 
 Cut to Veronica. She is placing a tray of cinnamon covered cookies in the oven and getting a tray of cookies already cooked. Wallace is standing by the open door of the apartment.  
 WALLACE: It must be some good music.  
 Veronica looks up as she places the tray on the counter. 
 WALLACE: I could've painted the living room, you would not have noticed. I left my algebra book over here.  
 Wallace rescues his book from a small bookcase.  
 WALLACE: So, maybe you were right about the goat.  
 Wallace sweaters out the chair the other side of the counter and sits down. He sees the hot, fresh baked cookies and grabs one, juggling it in his hand. He takes a bite, throws the biscuit back on the tray and tries to blow the heat out of his mouth while consuming the biscuit. Daylight finally dawns.  
 WALLACE: Wait a minute. These are snickerdoodles. You're the one who's been making my spirit boxes? 
VERONICA: I used to be on pep squad, remember? 
WALLACE: [Laughs] But you think this stuff is stupid. 
VERONICA: You do not. 
 Wallace goes to grab another one. Veronica slaps his hand.  
 VERONICA: Hey, you wanna open your locker tomorrow and find an empty box?  
 Wallace holds up his finger to indicate "only one" and melts his hard heart with his puppy dog ​​eyes. Veronica smiles and he grabs the one he started back again, still trying to eat it despite how hot it is.  
 WALLACE: Um-um-um, the girl can bake. 
VERONICA: That she can. Hey, are you picking your mom up from work today? 
WALLACE: Yeah. 
VERONICA: Can you do me a favor without asking any questions? 
WALLACE: Is not that the bedrock upon which our friendship was founded?  
 Veronica goes into the lounge area and picks up a large plant that she gives to Wallace. 
 VERONICA: When you're at Kane Software, go to Clarence Wiedman's office. Put this on his assistant's desk. It's from her secret to admire. 
WALLACE: Um, um, should I wait for a tip?  
 Cut to Veronica who is now dressed up to go out for the evening. As she applies her lip gloss, she listens to another tape.  
 CELESTE: [On tape] I do not understand why you could not talk at the same time. 
KEITH: [On tape] I'm sorry, Celeste, it's department policy.  
 Cut to the interrogation.  
 KEITH: How long were you in the hotel? 
CELESTE: Two and half hours. 
KEITH: That's just what Jake said. 
CELESTE: Well we were there together. 
KEITH: Can I get some water or something? 
CELESTE: [Weary] No, 
KEITH: Celeste, it's just routine. You do not have to worry. Just answer the questions. 
CELESTE: If it's routine, then just talk to Jake. I do not understand why you have to talk to me. 
KEITH: The two of you were together in the room? 
CELESTE: Yes. 
KEITH: And what did you do when you got there? 
CELESTE: We had some champagne. On the patio. 
KEITH: From room service. 
CELESTE: No, we brought it from home. 
KEITH: Do you usually bring your own champagne to the Neptune Grand. 
CELESTE: We do not usually have to stay at the Neptune Grand. S-special opportunity. 
KEITH: Do you remember what was on TV that afternoon? 
CELESTE: Trust me, Keith, we were not watching TV. 
 Cut back to Veronica, absently applying this blusher. Keith comes in.  
 KEITH: [Doing Bogart] Grab your lip gloss and your pepper spray, sweetheart. Your date's here.  
 Veronica removes the headphones, turns and smiles at her father. Cut to the restaurant. A small light jazz combo plays. Veronica and Leo enter.  
 LEO: In my culture, Chinese food is always followed by gelato. 
VERONICA: I do not remember you brokering in a dessert stop. 
LEO: Getting out of the car was a tacit agreement.  
 They kiss.  
 WAITRESS: Right this way. 
VERONICA: Breath mint, smooth. 
LEO: That's all I wanted. 
 The waitress shows them in the middle of the restaurant. Veronica does not notice, at the table against the wall, nearest her table, Meg and the Kanes.  
 MEG: Veronica?  
 Veronica turns her head and sees them.  
 MEG: Uh, hey.  
 Meg gets out of her flesh and walks over to Veronica.  
 MEG: Look at you, you look gorgeous.  
 Meg gives Veronica a sweeping hug. It is apparent that Veronica is not so much enthusiastic about the idea of ​​hugging Meg. Meg senses it too. She steps back.  
 MEG: Hey, Leo. You know Duncan, right? 
LEO: No. 
DUNCAN: Yeah, uh, no. Hey.  
 Duncan stands and Leo shake hands.  
 LEO: How ya doing?  
 There's an awkward silence. 
 VERONICA: Th-uh, these are Duncan's parents, Mr and Mrs Kane.  
 Jake and Celeste are sitting on the bench against the wall and so do not rise. Leo bends over the table to shake Jake's hand.  
 JAKE: How ya doing? 
LEO: [To Jake] How's it going? [To Celeste] Hi. 
MEG: Hey, well, um, enjoy.  
 Everyone returns to their seats.  
 LEO: [Quietly, as they sit] Maybe we should find something a little cosier. 
VERONICA: It's fine. 
WAITRESS: Good evening.  
 The waitress hands them menus. Veronica looks over at the Kane table. Celeset is glaring at her.  
 LEO: Are you sure this is okay? 
VERONICA: It's perfect.  
 Cut to Barstow. Lianne is having a cigarette and Veronica lean against the building. 
 LIANNE: the day Lilly died, round the exact time, actually, Jake and I were in that motel room. Out of nowhere, Celeste bursts in. She'd been following Jake around. She's screaming, saying these horrible things, I just got out of there. 
VERONICA: You do not see them again? 
LIANNE: No. Well actually, I went to the ladies room in the lobby and when I came out, I saw Celeste storming out of the lobby.  
 Veronica rests her head on Lianne's shoulder.  
 LEO: [Offscreen] You see anything you like?  
 Veronica is brought back to the restaurant. She is directly in charge of Leo in response to his question.  
 VERONICA: [Genuinely] Yes I do.  
 Veronica smiles and looks at the menu before her thoughts at the Kanes. 
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Celeste told my father she was in the hotel with Jake for two hours. [Celeste glances at Veronica] The way my mother tells it, she was there for 20 minutes, tops. So what if Celeste say my mom in the lobby? What better way to control my mother than have Clarence Wiedman take pictures of me in a rifle-sight. Maybe it was not a paternity issue. [Veronica catches Celeste's eye again] Maybe it was an alibi issue. Maybe it was both.  
 Cut to Neptune High. The Neptune High channel is on again, featuring a female student broadcaster. Veronica enters a classroom. It is peopled with SAAC girls.  
 TV: Bear ot ot ot ot ot::: Big Big Big Big Big Big Big Big Big Big Big Big Big Big And on a more serious note, the SACs are coming up 
 Arriana is lecturing one of her group.  
 ARRIANA: I do not want to hear about your protein deficiency, Marsha. You eat eggs, you might as well eat baby. 
VERONICA: Arriana? Hi. I just wanted to let you know, I really liked your letter. 
ARRIANA Really?  
 Arriana huffs as she turns to look at Veronica. Veronica is wearing a jacket with fur trim on the collar. Arriana's lackeys around her are supercilious.  
 VERONICA: Yeah, really.  
 Veronica gets the hint and removes her jacket. She puts in the desk behind her.  
 ARRIANA: I'm sorry. I have a hard time believing that someone who was a coward so she could wear butch boots cares about a parrot. 
VERONICA: My boots are not butch. 
ARRIANA: But they are leather. 
VERONICA: Let me cut to the chase. Do you know anything about Polly? 
ARRIANA: Yeah. I know that she is better off in a cage. 
VERONICA: Is it better off scrounging for food when it's used to having it provided for her?  
 Arriana is not listening. She is smirking as she watches something going on behind Veronica. There is much excited whispering.  
 SAAC GIRL # 1: Come here. 
SAAC GIRL # 2: Do it. Put it under there.  
 Veronica looks behind her. Two of the girls have her jacked in a paper guillotine and are about to slice off the fur collar of her jacket.  
 VERONICA: It's fake fur, you freaks. 
 Veronica rescues her jacket as she's checking it, the broadcast is interrupted by static. The screen clears to reveal Pan High gym, from the head of Pan painted on the floor and Polly in her cage. A pair of shoes can be seen before the camera up to reveal a hooded man.  
 TV: Bwha-ha-ha-ha-ha. Greetings from your masters at Pan High. If Wallace Fennel plays in tomorrow night's game, Polly the parrot will die. We are going back to your regular scheduled program.  
 The screen goes static for a moment and then the female broadcaster returns.  
 TV: by the Dance Committee and a school wide vote will choose the winner. 
 Cut to the outside area. Weevil and some of his boys are lounging on the bottom of a terrace wall. Veronica is at the top of the world and we are down to whisper in Weevil's ear.  
 VERONICA: How's our feathered friend? 
WEEVIL: Excuse me? 
VERONICA: You took the parrot, did not you? You're taking the money on a team everyone thinks will win. Why would you have that unless you knew that Wallace, our best player, would not play? 
WEEVIL: You know, I always knew you for me. 
VERONICA: I'm gagging on the inside. 
WEEVIL: Come on, Veronica. Do I look that smart? I'm just a simple bookie.  
 Veronica rolls her eyes. 
 WEEVIL: I got both sides of the line covered. And ask yourself this. Why would I help you find the parrot if stealing the parrot was my secret plan, huh?  
 Weevil shakes his head and wanders off. Cut to Wallace at his locker. He slams it shut, turns, and slides down the wall to sit against the lower locker. Veronica joins him.  
 WALLACE: This just sucks. 
VERONICA: I have to say, it really does. 
WALLACE: Coach called me to his office and said I should play. All the guys want me to play. But my playing is not really a big deal. Jack's good. He was a starter last year. 
VERONICA: What do you want to do? 
WALLACE: You know I want to play. But it's not worth Polly's life. I can not do it. I can not play. 
VERONICA: Would it cheer you up if I brought back the goat? 
WALLACE: [Smiles] Yeah, it would.  
 Cut to Meg bent over a computer keyboard. Veronica enters.  
 VERONICA: I need your help with something. 
MEG: Hey. Um, sure. Whatever you need. 
VERONICA: How was your broadcast interrupted? 
MEG: I do not know. When there's no breaking news, we record the show the night before. 
VERONICA: So, who did it come in? 
MEG: They must have. Wow. We actually kinda just had a conversation.  
 Veronica takes a deep breath.  
 MEG: See, that's what you do now. [Sighs heavily] You take that deep breath like you're preparing for battle or something. 
VERONICA: [Abrupt] I was just breathing.  
 Veronica backs away from Meg and heads for the door.  
 MEG: I want everything to be okay between us. 
VERONICA: It is. We just run in different circles. 
MEG: It does not have to be like that. 
VERONICA: It does. I'm not prepared for forgive and forget, I can not just start chumming around with people who have been ignored and mocked me for a year. That's just not me. 
MEG: Well, we can have our own circle without them. 
VERONICA: Maybe.  
 Veronica smiles a little. Cut to a computer screen. Meg and Veronica are looking at the broadcast of the hooded man and Polly. 
 VERONICA: Well, whoever they are, they've done a stellar job at concealing their identity. Jacket, mask, gloves. No visible "Hello, my name is" sticker. 
MEG: Hey, maybe there's something on the floor? It's really shiny, maybe there's a reflection.  
 Meg expands part of the picture.  
 VERONICA: Wait a sec, what's that? 
MEG: What? 
VERONICA: On the sneaker. 
MEG: I think it's just dirt. Or maybe not.  
 The number thirteen can clearly be seen on the sneaker. Meg and Veronica look at each other  
 VERONICA: I need a basketball program. 
 Meg nods. Cut to outside the gym. The game is starting soon. Clemmons is hanging around. He hears a concussion and a bleating goat. Veronica walks with the parrot in its cage in one hand, the goat lead in the other and the envelope between her teeth. She heads for Clemmons as the crowd responds.  
 PAN HIGH STUDENT: Good job, Betty. 
CLEMMONS: Who is this Betty?  
 Clemmons takes the parrot and the envelope.  
 VERONICA: Beats me. There's Polly and mascot bonus. And those are some photos for Coach. 
CLEMMONS: Who had Polly?  
 The High Pan High School Basketball Team has arrived at the roaring of the High School Pan.  
 VERONICA: Give me one sec, okay?  
 Veronica walks over to them.  
 RICHIE: Betty, you made it. 
VERONICA: Richie, you're a really great guy and if the kids are at that school, I'd wanna be popular. I know that sounds weird but it's a huge compliment. So good luck tonight. You're gonna need it. Wallace Fennel has a killer crossover. But it's really his sweetness and purity of spirit that makes him unbeatable.  
 Veronica smiles serenely and turns to walk away. Richie looks confused.  
 PAN HIGH JOCK: [Offscreen] What did she just say to you? 
RICHIE: Beats the hell out of me.  
 Veronica heads back to Clemmons goal passes, heading for Neptune's team. They are all kitted out to play Wallace has his track on his gear. He is giving Jack a pep talk.  
 VERONICA: You better warm up, Fennel. 
WALLACE: You got Polly back? 
VERONICA: I kinda rock. [To Jack] I know what you're thinking Jack. Aarrgh. Whoever made it death threat video forgot to cover the number thirteen on his sneakers.  
 Wallace and the rest of the team listen with growing consternation and mutterings. In the meantime, Clemmons and the coach are examining the photos.  
 VERONICA: There are two thirteens following up tonight. Your Pan Counterpart believes that a kid named Wilson stole the parrot. 
JACK: Why would I steal our own parrot. 
VERONICA: Easy. With Wallace sitting out, you'll be back to being a starter. As a point guard, you can control the score of the game. You know, like you did last year when you hit those two free throws in the final minute. How much money did you make against your own team last year? 
JACK: You went in my room? I mean is not like breaking and entering or something? 
VERONICA: I told you I was a cheerleader and we needed Polly for the game tonight. She let me in. 
JACK: She's crazy man. 
COACH: Picture of the Pirate Trophy Pride next to the parrot, Jack. 
VERONICA: You're the guy covering all of Weevil's bets. There are dollars of dollars bet on this game. You're pretty screwed here, Jack. 
JACK: Guys. 
CLEMMONS: Come with me, young man. 
JACK: Wallace, man.  
 Wallace, disappointed, shakes his head as Clemmons take Jack away. He looks up at Veronica and smiles his gratitude.  
 COACH: Okay, Wallace, you're in. 
WALLACE: Yes sir.  
 Wallace strips down to his playing kit, excited. The team file into the gym.  
 COACH: Let's go, let's go, let's go! 
VERONICA: Go kick some ass, Air Fennel.  
 They tap fists and Veronica pats him on the bottom as he enters. Veronica turns away from the gym and pauses. 
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Ah, the big game. Another high school that makes me want to eat rocks. Being surrounded by screaming, foam-fingered spirits freaks who hate me hardly sounds thrilling goal for Wallace, this is his shining moment. So what's it gonna be girlie girl?  
 She comes to a decision, turns into the gym. Cut to Veronica's room as she enters and sits at her desk.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: I've been working almost every day since I started working for Dad. I know I can not count on college money and know it can not be offered. It's gone now. I had a year at San Diego State, a year at Stanford and a semester at the Sorbonne. Lets hope it's worth it.  
 Cut to a center rehab. Veronica is signing a consent form. 
 REHAB RECEPTION: We want you to pay in full upfront.  
 Veronica gets out of her check book. Lianne is sitting behind her. She rushes up to Veronica.  
 LIANNE: Wait. Wait. I had a- This- I do not need you to- This is not right, Veronica 
VERONICA: Mom 
LIANNE: I can figure this out. I can kick this on my own. There is nothing that can not do me. I do not want you to have to do this. 
VERONICA: [Tearfully] I want you to come home. I miss you. 
LIANNE Okay. Okay.  
 They hug.  
 LIANNE Okay.  
 Veronica writes the check. Blend to Veronica in her room.  
 VERONICA: Dad, can you come in here for a minute?  
 Keith enters and stands at the door. 
 KEITH: I really need to get you there. [Holding up a newspaper] Looks like Neptune beat the hell out of Pan last night. 
VERONICA: Yeah. I want you to answer me something, honestly. 
KEITH: Sure, honey.  
 Keith comes into the room and sits.  
 VERONICA: Do not get mad and do not blow me off, just answer me, please. 
KEITH: Okay. 
VERONICA: Why would a person agree to confess to a murder he did not commit? 
KEITH: Veronica.  
 Veronica 's eyes plead with him. He gives a heavy sigh.  
 KEITH: Money, a lot of it. 
VERONICA: But if you're not going to spend money, what does it matter? 
KEITH: Well, maybe there's someone else. Someone you care about who will be around after that person. 
 Veronica nods. Her father sighs heavily again, then gets up from the flesh and leaves the room. Veronica picks up the bug.  
 VERONICA: Wait, Dad, you know what? I think I know who's collecting the money from Abel Koontz's confession. 
VERONICA VOICEOVER: Now we'll learn how to follow suit if my special rubber tree is delivered to the desktop of my choice.  
 Veronica is wearing an earpiece.  
 WIEDMAN: [Through earpiece] Lois. Get me Amelia DeLongpre. 
LAWS: [Through earpiece] Yes, Mr Wiedman.  
 Veronica uses Zowie Planet search engine and types in "Amelia DeLongpre" and "Abel Koontz".  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: Let's see what the connection is between Amelia DeLongpre and Abel Koontz. 
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: What do you know. In the entire internet universe, there's only one document that peers them.  
 The entry is from the Neptune Register, dated May 23, 2001 concerning Stella Koontz, aged 78.  
 VERONICA VOICEOVER: [Reading] "She leaves behind her Abel Koontz of Neptune and granddaughter Amelia DeLongpre. " Abel Koontz has a daughter?  
 End. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 