Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x03 - Episode 3 - War and Peace 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x03 - Episode 3 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=535&t=24805 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/20/16 00:31 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x03 - Episode 3 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 I think we will lose this battle, and a great many men will die. 
 My God, Bolkonsky, what a shambles! 
 ( She squeals ) 
 How do you really feel about Sonya? 
 I do love her, Tasha. 
 ( Shouts of pain ) 
 I haven't been a very affectionate husband... but it's no use saying that now. 
 ( Baby cries ) 
 Here he is! 
 Your wife is even more beautiful than I remember, Bezukhov. 
 To the health of beautiful women, Petrushka and their lovers. 
 I challenge you! 
 Count Bezukhov? 
 If I might... 
 Look here, you don't want to be fighting a duel with this fellow. 
 Apologise, say you lost your temper. 
 No one will think any the worse of you. 
 No. No, we're here now. Just show me where I have to go. 
 Captain Dolokhov? 
 Let's get on with it, shall we? 
 If you could just remind me how, um... 
 You point it, and... ? 
 Oh, Lord. 
 Hold out your arm straight in front of you, as steady as you can. 
 And squeeze the trigger, don't pull it. 
 Turn sideways on  show him your shoulder, not your chest. 
 Don't give him an easy target. 
 Thank you, I'd forgotten. It's very kind of you. 
 There's still time to call it off. 
 No. 
 No, I know it's stupid, but I think I must go through with it. 
 ( Gun clicks ) 
 Good luck, then. 
 As the adversaries have refused a reconciliation, we shall proceed. 
 At the count of three, you may advance towards each other. 
 You may not go further than the swords marking the barrier. 
 After the count of three, you may fire at any time. 
 One. 
 Two. 
 Three. 
 ( Gunshot ) 
 Fedya! 
 Get back! 
 Dolokhov! 
 No! Get back behind the barrier, damn you! 
 It's not over yet. 
 Turn! Cover yourself! 
 ( Gunshot ) 
 Missed! 
 Stupid, stupid, stupid! 
 Death, lies! 
 How bad is it? 
 If she sees me dying, it'll kill her. 
 Who? 
 My mother. My angel. 
 She and my poor sister, they're the only good things in my life, Rostov. 
 ( He grunts ) 
 The only ones I care for. 
 I have to live, for them. You understand? 
 Yes, I understand. 
 Move, man! 
 Stop it. You're not getting anything. 
 Ah. 
 Pierre. 
 Well... I'll just... 
 What have you done now? 
 What have I done? 
 You've made an exhibition of yourself, and of me. 
 Someone told you that Dolokhov was my lover, and you believed them. 
 Now you've made us the talk of all Moscow. 
 Are you asking me to believe that you're innocent? 
 Of course I am innocent! 
 Though no one would blame me if I had taken a lover. 
 It's not much fun being married to a drunken oaf like you, you know. 
 Most people think you're half out of your wits. 
 Don't speak to me like that! 
 Why shouldn't I speak? 
 I am the injured party here, after all, not you. 
 How am I to go into society after all this? 
 I never interfered with your pleasures. 
 It's better that we part. 
 What did you say? 
 I said it's better that we part! I'm leaving for Petersburg tomorrow. 
 All right. 
 If that's what you really want. 
 You'll only expose yourself to more ridicule. 
 You know you'll have to give me a fortune, don't you? 
 I'll kill you! 
 ( He howls ) 
 Out! Get out! 
 ( He breathes heavily ) 
 ( Door opens ) 
 A thousand apologies, Your Excellency, there will be a little wait for fresh horses. 
 It's nice and warm in the parlour, if you don't mind sharing it with another gentleman. 
 No, no I don't suppose I have any choice, do I? 
 Good evening. 
 Evening. 
 ( He sighs ) 
 What? 
 I believe I have the pleasure of speaking with Count Bezukhov? 
 I have heard about the misfortune that has befallen you, sir, and I am very sorry for it. 
 I should like to help you, if I can. 
 But if for any reason you find conversation with me unpleasant, please say so. 
 No. 
 No, I'm glad to make your acquaintance. 
 Then let me offer you a brotherly handshake. 
 You're a Mason? 
 Yes, I belong to the brotherhood of Freemasons. 
 I'm afraid my way of thinking is very different from yours. 
 I don't believe in God. 
 Of course you don't. 
 You don't believe in God because you don't know him. 
 And that's why you're so unhappy. 
 I am unhappy  I should think anyone could see that but what am I to do about it? 
 How can I know God, if all my powers of reasoning tell me he cannot exist? 
 God is not apprehended by reason, my son, but by life. 
 I don't understand you, sir. 
 Well...  you are young, you are rich, you are educated. 
 What have you done with all these good things that have been given you? 
 Very little, so far. 
 You need to purify yourself, listen to your conscience. 
 Look at yourself. Ask yourself, are you content with yourself? With your life? 
 No, I hate my life. 
 I hate myself. 
 Good. 
 You have taken the first step. 
 ( Recites baptism ceremony ) 
 ( Baby cries ) 
 Your wound still troubles you? 
 Yes, a little. 
 You still keep up a good pace, Father. 
 Why would I not? 
 I never vary! 
 Work, exercise, a good night's sleep that's all a man needs. 
 What next for you? Back to the army? 
 No. I've had enough for now of dreams of glory. 
 And Napoleon's wars seem like nothing to do with us. 
 I'd like to make myself useful here. 
 Good! Glad to hear it. 
 Plenty here to keep you occupied. 
 Build yourself a house on the Bogucharovo estate. 
 A man needs his own place. 
 What do you say to that? 
 I think it's an excellent idea. 
 Good! 
 ( Indistinct chatter ) 
 I've drawn up a list of economies I strongly recommend to Your Excellency. 
 Yes, yes, but one doesn't care to penny inch. 
 One has to entertain the odd guest now and then. 
 The position is really quite serious... 
 All right, all right, austerity shall be our watchword from now on, thank you. 
 Thank you for your meticulous accounting. 
 I'll be good, I promise. 
 Your Excellency. 
 ( Footsteps approach ) 
 Well, what is it, my dear boy, as if I couldn't guess? 
 I'm sorry to have to ask, Father, but I do find myself a little short. 
 I've been helping Dolokhov with his medical expenses, you see. 
 Ah, yes, how is the poor fellow? 
 Oh, he's very much better. 
 But he and his mother and sister, they live in such a poor way, they can barely afford to heat their rooms. 
 And you've been helping them. 
 You're a generous hearted boy. 
 Now, I can't spare you very much just at the moment. 
 Bakshin was very strict with me just now. 
 Will 2,000 roubles be sufficient for your needs? 
 That will be ample, Father you're very good. 
 See if you can make it last till Spring. 
 I give you my word that it will. 
 And, Father, I should like to invite Dolokhov to come and stay here for a little while. May I do that? 
 My dear boy, any friend of yours is welcome here! 
 Thank you. 
 ( He sighs ) 
 To the health and happiness of all, and the splendid recovery of our young friend here! 
 I can't thank you enough, Count Rostov, and you, Countess, for your kindness to me. 
 Nonsense  it's our pleasure. 
 You're one of the heroes of Austerlitz. 
 Nothing to be proud of, sir I'm just a man who loves to fight. 
 It's all I know, to my shame. 
 Don't disparage yourself, Fedya none of us will believe it anyway. 
 Then I'd better say nothing about myself at all. 
 How is your mazurka coming along, Natasha? 
 Well, we thought we were doing very well, until Denisov told us we were doing it all wrong. 
 ( Laughter ) 
 You did. 
 What do you know about it, Denisov? 
 Oh, I was dancing the mazurka in Poland when you were still in petticoats, my boy! 
 Really? 
 The way they used to teach us in Poland... 
 Have you always lived with the family, Sonya? 
 Yes, since I was a little girl. 
 Nikolai speaks so warmly of you, and now I can see why. 
 I should like to know you better, Sonya. 
 ... It was the footman! 
 Dolokhov watches you all the time. 
 Doesn't it make you feel uncomfortable? 
 Yes. But there's no harm in it. 
 He can look all he likes. It won't change anything. 
 You're so sure of yourself. 
 Mama says that girls are like mayflies. 
 That they have their day in the sun, and then it's over. 
 It's more than a day. 
 But how long? A year or two? 
 To choose or be chosen. 
 And then, that's our lives settled... for ever. 
 It's frightening. 
 You just have to choose right, that's all. 
 But how will I know? 
 You will. 
 But will I? 
 I'm sorry, Nikki, I just don't like him. 
 Why on Earth not? Everyone else does. 
 There's something cruel about him. 
 Now you're just being ridiculous. 
 No, I'm not! 
 He's the kindest, gentlest... 
 If you could see him at home with his mother and sister... 
 Well, I don't know about that. All I know is what I feel. 
 And I'm sure Pierre was in the right when he challenged him. 
 Oh, Pierre! He's an idiot. 
 No, he's not. I'd trust him with my life. 
 Whereas, that one...  can't you see he's trying to take Sonya from you? 
 He's just being nice to her. He likes you, too. 
 No, he doesn't. 
 And I'm not sure he likes you, either  not really. 
 ( He snorts ) 
 ( Swords clash ) 
 You sure you're up to this, Fedya? 
 Come again. 
 Whoa! 
 You'll have to show me how to do that one! 
 Trade secret, my boy. 
 ( Water splashing ) 
 Your cousin is a lovely girl, Rostov. 
 And your sister, of course. 
 I thought you were the man that despised all women, except his own mother and sister. 
 I changed my mind, very recently. 
 Innocence and purity are very rare. 
 You've known these girls all your life, you take their qualities for granted. 
 I suppose you're right. I've never really thought about it. 
 You see and feel very deeply, don't you, Dolokhov? 
 Some things. 
 Some things. 
 Aha! A mazurka! 
 Aha! I knew we had one somewhere! Come on, Denisov. 
 We've heard you boasting, now you can show us what you can do! 
 No, no, no. 
 Yes! Make him, Father! 
 No excuse, Denisov, you might as well submit. 
 Best idea all night. Oh, no! 
 ( She laughs ) 
 ( Music starts ) 
 ( She squeals ) 
 ( Applause ) 
 Denisov, you're a wonderful dancer! I had no idea. 
 For you  all for you. 
 Oh, thank you. 
 Now this, you absolutely deserve! 
 Yes! Thank you. Shall we sit down? 
 ( Piano plays ) 
 ( He sings in russian ) 
 Countess. 
 Natasha. 
 If I don't speak now, I'm afraid I never will. 
 I adore you. 
 I have never felt this way about any woman or girl. 
 I think about you all day and dream of you at night. 
 Oh, dear. 
 I know I have no hope, but I must ask you. 
 Will you make me the happiest man on earth and consent to be my wife? 
 Oh... er... 
 I wish you hadn't said that. 
 I beg your pardon. 
 I couldn't help it. 
 Dear Denisov. 
 I'm so fond of you, but... 
 I can't say it. 
 Please. 
 Forget about it. 
 A moment of madness. 
 All over now. 
 Now, if you will excuse me... 
 ( Continues singing ) 
 ( Door opens ) 
 Now you must be blindfolded. 
 Why is that? 
 If you wish to join our brotherhood, you must be willing to submit to our rituals without question. 
 Are you willing? 
 Yes. 
 Yes. 
 I will leave you now. 
 When you hear knocking, you may remove the blindfold. 
 ( Receding footsteps ) 
 ( Loud banging ) 
 Why have you come here? 
 For wisdom? 
 For virtue? 
 For enlightenment? 
 For renewal. 
 I want renewal. 
 Sic transit gloria mundi! 
 Always aid your brother man. 
 Raise up the fallen. 
 Forgive your enemy. 
 Take no revenge upon him, unless it be but to do him good. 
 Go out into the world now. 
 Live not for yourself, but for others. 
 You must be so happy that he has decided to turn his back on society. 
 Well, I won't say a word against my husband, Anna Pavlovna, but truly it has been a bit of a trial the last few months. 
 I'm very glad to be back in Petersburg. 
 And the Emperor himself has taken an interest in your affairs, I hear. 
 Yes, he's been kind. 
 More than kind, really. 
 Vraiment? 
 All the old crowd here, I see. 
 Bilibin! Enchanting as ever, Comtesse. 
 Well, I should hope so. But tell me, who is that young man over there? 
 Ah. Boris Drubestkoy. 
 A very promising young man. 
 Since Austerlitz, he's been attached to the Prussian staff. 
 Our oldest allies. 
 They've only betrayed us four times in the last three years, but now they're supposed to be the solution to the eternal... 
 Stop talking politics to me, Bilibin, I can't bear it. 
 Just introduce me to your little friend and make yourself scarce, hmm? 
 Drubetskoy? 
 Over here. 
 Countess Bezukhova, may I present Boris Drubetskoy, one of our most promising young diplomats? 
 Enchante. 
 And you're with the Prussian High Command? 
 How exciting, to be so close to all the decision makers. 
 Do tell me about it. 
 Are you interested in politics, Countess Bezukhova? 
 I adore politics. 
 It's all so fascinating! 
 Ah, Dolokhov, you'll never guess who I just ran into! 
 Dolokhov? 
 What's the matter? What's going on? 
 Did he tell you? No, he told me nothing. What's this all about? 
 There's been a bit of a scene. 
 He's proposed to Sonya and she refused him. 
 She told him she was in love with someone else. 
 You, of course, though she didn't say so. 
 He actually proposed to her? 
 Yes! Couldn't you see it coming? 
 Sometimes I don't think you see anything. 
 Mamma's not pleased. 
 She told Sonya that Dolokhov's a very good match for a girl with no prospects. But I'm glad she refused him. 
 Aren't you? 
 Yes, yes, of course I am. 
 But I should talk to her about it. 
 Yes, I'll get her to come down. 
 So, he really proposed to you? 
 Yes. I didn't want him to. 
 You know, as Mamma said, it would be a good match for you. 
 He's such a good fellow and a dear friend. 
 I'd hate for you to feel as though you'd missed an opportunity. 
 I've already refused him. Nothing could make me change my mind. 
 He's been very kind to me, but I could never love him, and I told him so. Sonya, if you've refused him for my sake, then I'm afraid... 
 No, don't say that to me! 
 No, but I must tell you the whole truth. Look. 
 I love you, I think, more than anyone I've ever known. 
 Well, that's enough for me. 
 Yes, but I've fallen in love before and I expect that I will again. 
 I can't help it, it's the way I am. 
 And then when Mamma refuses to give her consent, you see, I'm not in a position to promise you anything. 
 I don't ask you to, I never have. 
 Yes, but I think you should consider Dolokhov's proposal. 
 I'd rather not marry at all than marry him. 
 I love you and I always will. 
 But I don't ask anything of you. I don't expect anything more. 
 I don't deserve you. 
 You're an angel. 
 ( He sighs ) 
 
 
 
 Good day, good day, I've come to see how you're all getting along. 
 These cottages look very bad, Grigori. 
 They need new roofs, at the very least. 
 Yes, indeed, your Excellency. See you make a note of that. 
 And here would be a good place for a school. 
 A school, your Excellency? 
 Yes, indeed. Every boy should have the chance to learn to read and write. And the girls, too. 
 But where will the teacher come from, your Excellency? 
 Oh, there are teachers everywhere. 
 Just build the school and the teachers will come! 
 Now! Grain stores. 
 Hello. 
 Grain stores. 
 ( Clock bells ring ) 
 ( Footsteps approach ) 
 Oh, it's you. 
 I'm so sorry, but did I mistake the day? Or the time? 
 No, I don't think so. 
 It's just... where is everybody? 
 Don't you think there are enough of us? 
 Well, yes, of course. 
 What did you think all this was about? 
 Well... 
 Are you hungry? 
 Um... not particularly. 
 Come on, then. 
 All right, gentlemen, who's in? 
 Ah, Rostov! The very man! 
 Thank you for inviting me, Dolokhov. You've been a stranger lately. 
 I've been busy. 
 But you're still my... I mean, everything's all right between us? 
 Why wouldn't it be? Why don't you join us at the table? 
 Or are you afraid of playing with me? 
 ( He laughs nervously )  I haven't any money with me. 
 That's all right, I trust you. 
 Play or not, it's all the same to me. 
 But I tell you, if you play with me, you'll lose. 
 Ooh! 
 Well, you don't know that. 
 You know what they say about me? 
 Dolokhov makes his own luck. 
 I'll play. 
 Good man! Make some room for him. 
 Stake your bets, gentlemen. 
 Five roubles on the five. 
 Three of hearts the soda. 
 Ten wins. 
 And five loses. 
 All right, Rostov, I'm keeping tally. 
 Stake your bets, gentlemen. 
 Ten on the ace. 
 Any more? 
 All right. 
 Seven... 
 King...  and ace loses. 
 Bad luck, Rostov. 
 Maybe it's not your night. 
 Stake your bets, gentlemen. 
 20 on the seven. 
 ( Audience groans ) 
 That's how it goes sometimes. 
 Perhaps you'd like to quit, Rostov? 
 40 on the King. 
 Place your bets. 
 1,000 on the ace. 
 Any more? 
 Jack of diamonds. 
 Three of spades. 
 Ace of diamonds. 
 So, how much do I owe you now? 
 ( Chickens squawk ) 
 ( Pigs grunt ) 
 ( Natasha sings ) 
 ( Nikolai hums along ) 
 ( He sings ) 
 ( Both sing ) 
 ( Sonya claps ) 
 You have a lovely voice, Nikki we should sing together more often! 
 I have to go and speak to Father. 
 [KNOCK AT DOOR] Ah, the night bird! 
 Home at last! Well, did you have a good time? 
 Not especially. 
 Father, I'm afraid I'm going to need some more money. 
 Already? 
 I had a feeling it wouldn't last you, but I didn't think it would be so soon! 
 Well, you're only young once. How much do you need, my boy? 
 Well, it's rather a lot. 
 Um, I lost a bit at cards, you see... 
 That is, a good deal, a very great deal actually. 
 How much? 
 43,000. 
 What? 
 To whom? 
 43,000?! Are you joking? 
 And I promised to pay tomorrow. 
 Tomorrow. 
 I suppose it happens to everyone, at some point. 
 Yes. 
 Yes, I suppose these things do happen. 
 It's a little difficult. 
 We shall have to close up the Moscow house and go to Otradnoe. 
 Well... 
 Well, it can't be helped. 
 Can't be helped. 
 Oh, Papa! Please forgive me  I'm so sorry! 
 Forgive me, I'm sorry... I didn't mean.. 
 There, there. 
 There, there. 
 Well, here we are. 
 We didn't exactly enhance our reputations on leave, did we? 
 I certainly didn't. 
 When the leave's too long, the soldier goes wrong. 
 At least we know what we have to do now  kill Frenchmen. 
 We can do that. 
 By the order of the Emperor Alexander, and by the grace of God, it is announced that a peace treaty has been ratified with the Emperor of France, who will now be our gallant ally. 
 ( Hubbub ) 
 The Emperor Napoleon has been awarded the Order of St Andrew, as a mark of our nations' amity and accord. 
 Thank you. 
 Oh, excellent. 
 What was that all about? 
 The usual thing. We've changed sides. 
 Our enemies are our friends now. 
 So we're friends with the French? 
 I know, I know. 
 It's a mad world. No use trying to understand. 
 ( He grunts ) 
 ( Buzzing ) 
 ( Water patters ) 
 ( Birds call ) 
 ( Ice crackles ) 
 ( Horses' hooves ) 
 Is Prince Andrei at home? I'm an old friend. 
 Yes, your Excellency. Shall I tell him you're here? 
 No, no, let me surprise him. 
 Pierre! 
 How unexpected! 
 I'm delighted to see you! What brings you to these parts? 
 I've been making a tour of my estates, trying to make conditions better for my serfs and my tenant farmers, make my farms more efficient, and so on. 
 Really, I've no idea what I'm doing. 
 How are you? I've been thinking about you so much, wondering what you've been up to! 
 Not very much, is the short answer. 
 Come, let's have something to eat and drink. 
 Yes, this is the life  bread and cheese, and wine, in moderation. 
 To hell with high society! 
 You know, you're exactly the same. You haven't changed a bit! 
 Do you think so? 
 In myself, I believe I've changed a great deal  and for the better. 
 I heard about your marriage. 
 And how it ended? 
 You heard about the duel? 
 Yes, you had to go through that, too. 
 The one thing I thank God for is that I didn't kill that man. 
 Why so? If a dog is vicious, he's better off dead. 
 But to take a man's life, that must always be wrong. 
 Why must it always be wrong? For you, perhaps. 
 For me, there are only two evils sickness and remorse. 
 Since Lise died, I have been wracked with remorse. 
 I treated her unkindly and now she's gone. 
 Disappeared into nowhere. 
 No way for me to make amends. 
 I've been staring into the abyss, Pierre. 
 So now, my sole aim is to live for myself. 
 To do as little harm as possible and to have as little to do with other people as I can. 
 No, I can't agree. That wouldn't be enough. 
 I used to live for myself and I ruined my life. 
 Now, I try to think of others, actively try to help them, and I'm much happier for it. 
 Anyway, you don't live just for yourself! 
 What about your sister, your father, your little son? 
 They are a part of myself. 
 All right, I concede, one can't avoid the world entirely, but I do my best. 
 I look after my estate, I take care of my sister and my son, I serve in the local militia with my father. 
 And that is enough for me. 
 You won't go back to the army? 
 After Austerlitz? No, thanks. 
 The pursuit of military glory disgusts me now. 
 And besides, Kutuzov was our last good man, and now the Tsar's demoted him. 
 And what about yourself? 
 You have so much to give. Marry again, why not? 
 And make some other poor girl unhappy? 
 I'm surprised to hear you recommend marriage, Pierre. 
 We neither of us distinguished ourselves there, did we? 
 Look, I must say this to you. We've had all these conversations and you've been talking as if your life is over, but you're a young man still. 
 You know, so many good things can happen for you. 
 Since I became a Mason and started to live a good life, I feel capable of anything! 
 We must live. 
 You know, we must love. 
 And we must believe that there's more to it all than our lives on this scrap of earth. 
 There's something else out there it is true, Andrei. 
 You must believe it. 
 Yes, if only it were so. 
 Pierre, I'd like you to meet my son. 
 And it must be years since my father and my sister set eyes on you. 
 Can you spare the time? 
 For you, I've all the time in the world. 
 He's a funny fish. 
 He makes a funny face! 
 ( Laughs ) 
 How do you find Andrei? 
 He worries me so much. 
 Today, he's merry and lively, but that's just your effect on him. 
 He is unhappy. 
 But it's not as though he's doing nothing, Princess. 
 I know. 
 He does everything well. 
 But it's as if the soul has gone out of him. 
 ( Door opens ) 
 My father's home. 
 Oh! Do you want to go and say hello to your grandfather? 
 'No more war?' 
 This peace treaty with France won't last. Mark my words, we'll be fighting Napoleon again before you're much older! 
 No, sir! We must believe the man is capable of evolving. 
 Evolving? 
 Men don't change! 
 If you could drain the blood from their veins and put in water, there might be no war! 
 You're talking old women's nonsense, sir, but I'm happy to see that there are still a few idealists left on Earth. 
 I want you to go to Otradnoe. 
 The marshal there, Count Rostov, has failed to produce half the men required of him. 
 The army still needs to be maintained, even in this time of so called peace. 
 Rostov needs someone to ginger him up a bit. 
 Do you know the man, at all? 
 No, I don't. 
 I do. 
 He's a very good man. Not practical, I suppose, but who am I to talk of such things? 
 I'm very fond of him. The whole family are delightful. 
 Well, there you are. You can mix business with pleasure! 
 ( Chattering and laughing ) 
 ( Piano plays ) 
 Do tell your father that I shall do my very best to make my contribution to the militia. I've been very lax. 
 Do you know, I moved the family to the country to save money, but somehow, I've been doing more entertaining here than I ever did in Moscow  hunts, theatricals, dinners, musicians, endless guests coming to stay... 
 Well, I shan't be any further burden to you... 
 Oh, no, no, no, my dear fellow, I didn't mean you. 
 Of course, you must stay the night. 
 And as long as you wish! 
 And you needn't be talking to boring old men like me, I've seen you looking at those lovely girls. 
 Natasha! Stop that, my darling, and come over here. 
 My daughter, Natalia. 
 Natasha, this is Prince Andrei Bolkonsky, one of the great heroes of Austerlitz. 
 I'm happy to make your acquaintance, sir. 
 I think I saw you before, didn't I? 
 Yes. 
 Yes, you looked at me so severely! 
 No, not at all. 
 Not severely. At least, I hope not. 
 Go and take him away and talk to him, Natasha. He's had enough of me. 
 ( She laughs ) 
 Are you the Prince Andrei that Pierre Bezukhov talks about? 
 He is my greatest friend. 
 He loves you very dearly. I think you're his hero. 
 Have you seen him lately? 
 He's had so much trouble, I think, and none of it his fault. 
 I saw him just before I came here. 
 I believe he's put his sorrows behind him now he's full of great plans and love for his fellow man. 
 Yes. Yes, that's just like him. 
 I so want him to be happy. 
 Like you. 
 You seem to have the gift of happiness. 
 Don't we all have it? 
 Somewhere within us? 
 Come on, please? One more time! 
 Yes, all right, but then I'm blowing the candles out. 
 ( Natasha and Sonya sing ) 
 That's it  I'm going to sleep now. 
 Oh, Sonya, how can you sleep? 
 I feel as if I'm going to stay awake till dawn. 
 Look at that lovely moon. 
 I don't think it's the moon that's keeping you awake. 
 What, then? 
 Do you like him very much? 
 More than Boris? 
 Yes, much more. 
 There's something so sad about him, and that frightens me a little. 
 But he's going away, and we're leaving for Petersburg I don't suppose I'll ever see him again. 
 Oh, Sonya, I wish I could fly away. 
 Shall I try? Would the air carry me? 
 Don't be a fool! 
 Come to bed now. 
 Oh, if you insist. 
 ( Dog barks ) 
 I understand you have made a great effort to change your life. 
 That's very commendable. 
 How do you feel about yourself? 
 Well, I can look at myself without disgust now. 
 But... still not happy. 
 Not at all. 
 I sleep badly, I wake with fearful thoughts. 
 What's the matter with me? 
 Perhaps you are changing your world, and forgetting to change yourself. 
 Do you try to forgive those who have wounded you? 
 "My dear Helene, I believe we should resume married life together," 
 "if that is agreeable to you." 
 "I ask you to forgive me for hurting your feelings," 
 "and for any damage to your reputation" 
 "that my conduct may have caused." 
 Thank you, dear Pierre. 
 "I am a better person now, I hope, than I was when we last spoke." 
 I can't believe you're back with Bezukhov. 
 No need to sound so shocked. It makes perfect sense. 
 We're not sharing a bed, it's just for appearance's sake. 
 So, nothing needs to change. 
 Come back to bed. 
 No, I've got too much on this morning. 
 Did you know the Rostovs are back in town? 
 I had heard, yes. 
 Aren't you supposed to be engaged to the daughter? 
 That was just a childish thing. 
 Does she know that? 
 I should make it clear if I were you you can't afford to be engaged to a girl with no money. 
 You're not jealous, by any chance, are you? 
 Me? Jealous? 
 Of the little Rostov girl? 
 You're very sweet. 
 You can see yourself out. 
 Wait! 
 I'll see you at the Tsar's ball? 
 Well, you shall see me, but you're not to talk to me, much less touch me. 
 I shall be otherwise engaged, and you need to find yourself a pretty little heiress to charm out of her petticoat. 
 Think you can do that? 
 I don't want to do that. 
 I want you. 
 Sweet boy. 
 ( Door opens ) 
 I'm so nervous! 
 I've been awake for hours, thinking about the Tsar's ball tonight. 
 Oh, but you've got nothing to be nervous about. 
 It is important, my darling, for you and for Sonya the first time you'll be seen in Petersburg society. 
 Everyone's eyes will be on you. 
 So, keep a clear head, and don't fall for the first boy who asks you to dance. 
 Do you think he might be there? 
 Who? 
 [SHE LAUGHS] You know, Mamma! 
 Prince Andrei Bolkonsky. 
 If God wills it, he'll be there, and you'll dance with him. 
 Now, close your eyes. 
 ( She sings a lullaby ) 
 ( Lullaby merges into ballroom music ) 
 ( Indistinct chatter ) 
 Look at those two. 
 Ah! 
 Charmantes! 
 There's so many French here. 
 As if nothing ever changed. 
 It won't last. 
 Napoleon won't be able to resist the temptation to invade Russia for much longer. 
 Oh! Bilibin, don't say that. 
 Well, it's his nature. He's like the scorpion  he has to sting, he can't help it. 
 Ah! The Queen of Petersburg! 
 His Imperial Majesty, The Tsar. 
 Old friend! Pierre! 
 How are you? 
 I'm very well. 
 Yes  I see something's changed in you. 
 I keep hearing reports you're making waves in the court circles, reforming the army. 
 The old spark's burning bright again, isn't it? 
 You could put it like that. 
 And what about you? 
 Oh, you don't want to hear about me. 
 I'm very happy to see you again. 
 May I have this dance? 
 May I take your hand for this dance? 
 Of course. 
 Countess Rostova. 
 May I request the pleasure of a dance with your daughter, Natalia? 
 Of course! She'll be delighted. 
 ( Music starts ) 
 ( Piano music plays ) 
 It's him! 
 ( Laughter and chatter ) 
 ( They laugh ) 
 I had no idea, Pierre. I've never experienced anything like it before. 
 Like what, exactly? 
 I'm in love, my friend! 
 Yes. With Natasha Rostova, yes? 
 Yes, who else? I feel like I've never been properly alive before. 
 I feel I can't live without her, Pierre! 
 But could she love me? Might she think I'm too old. 
 I am too old! What do you think? 
 Why don't you speak? 
 The girl is a treasure, Andrei. 
 She's one of a kind. She's a treasure. 
 Look, if you truly love her, don't hesitate, don't think about it. Follow your heart, marry her. 
 Marry her tomorrow you'll never regret it! 
 But could she love me, Pierre? 
 She loves you all right. 
 She hardly knows me... She loves you! I know it! All right? 
 I could see it in her face when she was dancing with you. 
 I've never seen her look like that before, and I've known her since she was a child. 
 She loves you, Andrei. 
 And you're the luckiest man on Earth. 
 So, what are you doing talking to me? 
 Go to her! 
 Go to her, don't let her get away. 
 Propose to her. 
 I will. 
 ( Door closes ) 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 