Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x05 - '03 Bonnie and Clyde - Euphoria 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x05 - '03 Bonnie and Clyde https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=907&t=34419 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 09/30/19 17:01 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x05 - '03 Bonnie and Clyde 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 RUE: I've never met anyone in my entire life like Jules. 
  WOMAN: Rue is in love with Jules, I think. 
  ETHAN: Hey, I'm Ethan. 
  I'm Kat. 
  You look different. 
  I changed. 
  'Sup, Cass. 
  You wanna ride the carousel? 
  That's the guy from the motel. 
  - CAL: You're beautiful. 
  - Thank you. 
  - That's Nate's dad?! 
  - Yes. 
  That's Nate's dad. 
  Hey. 
  Tyler? 
  NATE: God, are you broken inside. 
  I went through Nate's phone, and it was weird. 
  I need you to promise me that you're not gonna tell a soul. 
  I'm sorry I got so angry at you before. 
  RUE: Maddy knew who she was from a very early age. 
  RUE: For as long as Maddy could remember, everybody loved her. 
  You must be my lucky star 'Cause you shine on me wherever you are RUE: She never knew exactly what it was. 
  She just knew that she had something special, something intangible, something immeasurable. 
  Star light, star bright, first star I see tonight Star light, star bright RUE: And it gave her confidence. 
  Star light, star bright (CROWD APPLAUDING) 
  RUE: That's why she loved pageantry, because you didn't have to be the prettiest or the tallest or the blondest or the whitest. 
  You just had to have f*cking confidence. 
  And she probably would have gone on to win Miss Universe, - if it weren't for this guy. 
  - (CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS) 
  NEWSMAN (ON TV): A beauty pageant coach, Marcus Cutler was arrested today on 18 counts of child molestation. 
  That's it. 
  You're done. 
  No more pageants. 
  This is sick. 
  RUE: Her dreams were dashed by some random, 50-year-old creep who didn't molest her, let alone even meet her. 
  She refused to eat for a week out of protest. 
  JENNI (ON TV): Drama! 
  RUE: But then she realized how much she liked not doing anything. 
  Maddy would never say it out loud, especially not today, because everybody's so political, but she never really had any desire to have a career or job. 
  She was just interested in doing what she did, just, without school and the other bullshit. 
  (SIGHS) 
  Her mother was an esthetician. 
  Which is a fancy way of saying she gave pedicures to rich people. 
  And her dad was a drunk, who was always pretending to hold jobs longer than he did. 
  She quickly realized that there are two kinds of people in the world: people who sit in the chairs with their feet in the footbath, and the people who kneel in front of the footbath. 
  She used to sit and study the women who came in. 
  She'd pay attention to what they wore, what they'd talk about, and what she realized was that none of them actually did anything. 
  I mean, they may have, like, children to raise or homes to decorate, but at the end of the day, they literally did nothing. 
  They literally did nothing. 
  And strangely, none of them had confidence. 
  She had had a thing for Nate for a while, before he finally asked her out. 
  And at first, he was a gentleman, like, flowers every day kind of gentleman. 
  - And he was smarter than most guys. 
  - NATE: Maddy. 
  - Plus, Nate, like, really loved her. 
  - You're so sweet. 
  I love you. 
  I love you, too. 
  RUE: And she did love Nate. 
  She loved her relationship with Nate. 
  She was also a really good girlfriend. 
  Granted, she didn't always tell the truth. 
  You're a virgin? 
  RUE: Because the truth-truth is that when she was 14, on vacation in Panama City Beach, she met a guy who was, like, 40. 
  Hey. 
  You from around here? 
  RUE: Which in retrospect seems kind of rape-y and weird, but honestly, she was the one in control. 
  Yeah. 
  RUE: She could tell by looking in Nate's eyes - how much it meant to him. 
  - Like fully? 
  MADDY: Yeah. 
  RUE: That she was a hundred percent his. 
  NATE: What about, like, have you ever been fingered? 
  Only my own. 
  RUE: Plus, it's not like anyone can feel the f*cking difference. 
  (GRUNTING) 
  RUE: But that's the thing with guys like Nate. 
  (BREATHING HEAVILY) 
  RUE: They don't actually want a person. 
  They want something they can own and possess. 
  Like Sharon Stone in Casino. 
  But the cool thing about Sharon Stone in Casino is that she ran the f*ck over De Niro. 
  I would f*cking kill for that coat. 
  RUE: And she did the same to Nate. 
  How much do you think it costs? 
  RUE: Seriously, Sharon Stone in Casino was, like, Maddy's spirit animal. 
  She also watched a lot of p0rn. 
  Not because it turned her on or anything, it didn't. 
  But if you analyzed it really closely, there were a ton of really good secrets. 
  (MOANING, GROANING) 
  (PANTING) 
  RUE: Sometimes, during s*x, she would imagine she was a ventriloquist controlling her body Moving her hips and arching her back in just the right way. 
  She wanted Nate to feel good about the way he f*cked. 
  Because if you make a guy feel confident and powerful, well, they'll do anything. 
  - That one. 
  - I got you a present. 
  Really? 
  After dinner. 
  It's in the car. 
  (WATER SLOSHING) 
  (BREATHING HEAVILY) 
  Oh, my God, it's perfect! 
  - I f*cking love you. 
  - I f*cking love you, too. 
  RUE: She did worry about the whole monogamy thing, though. 
  It's not like she ever cheated-cheated. 
  But every now and then, she'd find herself in, like, a gray area. 
  I'll do anything to f*ck you. 
  You're so sweet but no. 
  RUE: Except for that DJ who said he opened for Calvin Harris. 
  And the stockbroker guy with the family who lived on Oak Street. 
  - And hot dude who ran the roller rink. 
  - (PANTING) 
  - (WHIRRING) 
  - (MADDY PANTING) 
  RUE: But honestly, those were all times when Nate and her were on a break. 
  Plus, Nate could be a real asshole. 
  And sometimes, Maddy fantasized about punching Nate. 
  But because of who he was as a person, she was afraid he'd hit her back. 
  Especially because he was coming to terms with his sexuality. 
  You're f*cking dead to me. 
  RUE: It's, like, the root of a lot of violence. 
  And when she got home that night, she felt sick to her stomach like enough to throw up. 
  It wasn't the violence that scared her. 
  It was the fact that she knew no matter what he did, she'd still love him. 
  RUE: Nothing in the world comes close to opiates. 
  A good ES 7. 
  5 Vicodin? 
  f*ck. 
  But honestly, the best thing I've ever had is fentanyl. 
  And there is not a thing on the planet Earth that compares to fentanyl. 
  Except Jules. 
  Jules is a close second. 
  Jules, Jules, Jules. 
  And then you know what would be better? 
  Jules and fentanyl. 
  But I can't do both, 'cause Jules won't have me. 
  So for now, I'll choose Jules. 
  - (KNOCKING) 
  - (DOOR OPENS) 
  - Rue, dinner's ready. 
  - Okay. 
  - Are you coming? 
  - Yeah. 
  No. 
  Yeah. 
  For aah For dinner. 
  - Just, uh, give me a second. 
  - Okay. 
  (DOOR CLOSES) 
  (SIGHS) 
  You two have a good time at the carnival? 
  - Yeah, it was cool. 
  - It was all right. 
  Rue said you got sick on the Gravitron. 
  I don't want to talk about it. 
  (LAUGHS) 
  So Jules slept over last night? 
  Yeah. 
  So? 
  LESLIE: Are you two in a relationship? 
  I mean, yeah, kinda. 
  It may not matter what I think, but I really like her. 
  Yeah, me, too. 
  Baby, just take your time. 
  You've come a long way. 
  You're delicate. 
  - I'm not delicate. 
  - Yes, you are. 
  It's fine, Mom. 
  We, um We had a really long conversation about everything, and we're just gonna take things really, really slow. 
  Okay, I'm Rambo, I ramshack I'm next to that cheese like rattraps On top of that green like grass ass That's over y'all head (GROANS) 
  Yo. 
  Looks good. 
  You ready? 
  Um How bad does it hurt? 
  (MUMBLING): It didn't hurt, like, at all. 
  It's all good. 
  I've been doing this for years. 
  I love you, Rue, but there's no f*cking way I'm doing that. 
  - (TATTOO GUN BUZZING) 
  - (JULES WHIMPERS) 
  RUE: I didn't know what happened the night Jules met Tyler. 
  I knew it wasn't good, but I was afraid to pry. 
  And selfishly, things had been going really well. 
  Show me exactly where the holdup is. 
  RUE: Granted, after the carnival, - things got really f*cking weird. 
  - (PHONE RINGING) 
  Hey, I gotta call you back. 
  Slow down. 
  Slow down. 
  What's happened? 
  (MARSHA CHATTERING FRANTICALLY ON PHONE) 
  I'll meet you out front. 
  OFFICER WILSON: Thank you for coming down, Mr. 
  Jacobs. 
  CAL: Do you want to tell me what's going on? 
  OFFICER WILSON: Let's talk when we get inside. 
  - MARSHA: Cal, you okay? 
  - Yeah. 
  Need a second. 
  (RETCHES, COUGHS) 
  RUE: Now, what had happened was that morning, Maddy went to school. 
  (CHUCKLES) 
  What are you, the Unabomber? 
  What are you, a dominatrix? 
  - No. 
  - I didn't mean for real, bitch. 
  Obviously. 
  But seriously, are you okay? 
  Yeah. 
  I'm just on my period. 
  - Okay. 
  Bye. 
  - Bye. 
  RUE: And Maddy's first class was Intro to Calc in room 202, which unfortunately was in the upper left wing of the school. 
  Is the air conditioner, like, not working? 
  MS. 
  DONOVAN: It's broken. 
  You could always take off your hoodie. 
  RUE: Now, if it was a normal day, Maddy would have just taken off her hoodie. 
  But since Nate choked her, Maddy woke up three hours early, applied more concealer than a burn victim, and tried her best to cover up. 
  (BELL RINGING) 
  To compound the problem, she also suffered from a drop in serotonin from the Molly she took at the carnival, got depressed, and therefore hadn't had anything to eat or drink the entire weekend. 
  Plus, she actually was on her period. 
  Maddy? 
  Maddy? 
  (STRETCHER CLATTERING) 
  She's in here. 
  I'm fine. 
  Why is everyone, like, so dramatic? 
  PRINCIPAL HAYES: Obviously, you've been through a lot this weekend. 
  But my real concern is the bruising on your neck. 
  There is no bruising on my neck. 
  - Mm. 
  Paramedics saw it. 
  - Yeah, well, they're lying. 
  Madeleine, look. 
  I understand that you may be afraid to talk about how you got hurt. 
  But I want you to know that it is not your fault. 
  I'm trying to find a really respectful way to say this. 
  But, um, this doesn't concern you. 
  It does concern me, Madeleine. 
  You're 17 years old. 
  If I suspect that you're being abused, I'm mandated by law to report it. 
  (MUTTERS): f*ck. 
  Was it someone you know? 
  Was it Nate Jacobs? 
  All I know is she, like, knocked over a giant pot of chili and, like, called his mother the "C" word. 
  I mean, he did, like, grab her by the arm. 
  Yo, straight up? 
  The chick's crazy. 
  Do you know why Nate and Maddy were fighting? 
  Um, I don't wanna talk until I get a lawyer. 
  You're not being charged with anything. 
  (POPS LIPS) 
  Look, Nate's gay. 
  I'm being serious, Barbara. 
  No, I'm telling you, like, Nate's actually gay. 
  That's why Maddy was upset. 
  I don't know about the carnival, but I do know she smashed some dude in the pool at McKay's. 
  Smashed? 
  That's why he attacked the new girl. 
  What new girl? 
  The one who cut herself. 
  I have no idea what you're talking about. 
  Mr. 
  Jacobs, would you please come with me? 
  - What? 
  - Come with me. 
  You wanna tell me what the problem is? 
  Don't worry. 
  We will. 
  (INDISTINCT CHATTER ON POLICE RADIO) 
  What was that about? 
  Probably 'cause Nate tried to kill Maddy. 
  What? 
  Well, 'cause she found all that gay p0rn on his phone. 
  - Who told you that? 
  - You did. 
  - When? 
  - At the carnival. 
  Okay, Lexi, never repeat that, because literally none of it's true. 
  (CASSIE GASPS) 
  Uh Daniel, I-I can't. 
  I'm sorry. 
  I just I'm I'm dating somebody, and I really don't want to f*ck it up. 
  It's cool. 
  Don't worry. 
  I just like you. 
  I kind of thought you liked me. 
  I do, I just I have a boyfriend. 
  Please don't say anything. 
  If I promise not to say anything, can we hang out again? 
  WOMAN (OVER PROJECTOR): reproductive health and your total well being in all aspects of reproduction. 
  For example, physical, emotional (WHISPERS): Hey. 
  Did you get my texts? 
  - No. 
  - Really? 
  - Well, I sent you a bunch of texts. 
  - Didn't get 'em. 
  Well, it says, like, delivered on my phone. 
  Look, I really don't want to talk about this right now. 
  What, are you for real? 
  Did I, like, do something? 
  I don't know, Ethan. 
  Did you? 
  RUE: So the night of the carnival, while f*cking Luke Kasten, Kat had an epiphany. 
  She was f*cking Luke Kasten, Luke motherfucking Kasten. 
  (GRUNTING) 
  And for those of you who didn't go to East Highland (SIGHS) 
  Luke Kasten was a f*cking god. 
  I mean, he graduated years ago and people still talk about him. 
  He has the biggest dick I've ever seen, and I was looking at him while he was f*cking me. 
  I could see his face scrunching up when he was coming all over my stomach, and I had this, like, realization, you know, like, this epiphany. 
  That no matter how cool, or, or sexy or, or smart you think a guy is, they're actually just f*cking pathetic. 
  It's true, KittenKween. 
  (KAT LAUGHS) 
  Oh. 
  By the way, if you wanna come, I put a body harness on my Amazon wish list. 
  I'm gonna need you to buy it for me. 
  JOHNNY: Yes, KittenKween. 
  - KAT: Can I be honest with you? 
  - JOHNNY: Always. 
  - KAT: What I realize is that, like - Where are you going? 
  KAT: my whole life, all I've tried to do is to take up less space. 
  To the mall. 
  Try to hide from guys, like, who might, like, whisper to their friend under their breath as I walked by. 
  I've spent my whole life afraid people were gonna find out that I was fat. 
  But honestly, who gives a sh1t? 
  JOHNNY: I'm so in awe of you, KittenKween. 
  KAT: There's nothing more powerful than a fat girl who doesn't give a f*ck. 
  You should see me in a crown I'm gonna run this nothing town Watch me make 'em bow, one by, one by, one One by, one by You should see me in a crown Your silence is my favorite sound Watch me make 'em bow, one by, one by, one Hey. 
  Thought you weren't from around here. 
  I'm not. 
  I get off work at seven. 
  You wanna hang out? 
  One by, one by, one One by, one by, one (WHISPERING): Why are you suddenly being so mean? 
  (WOMAN SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY OVER PROJECTOR) 
  You don't understand, Mommy. 
  He didn't do it. 
  Then who did? 
  - It wasn't Nate. 
  - Maddy, stop lying. 
  - I'm not lying! 
  - I am not gonna let the son of a bitch attack my daughter and get away with it. 
  - Right? 
  - Absolutely. 
  He needs to know that there are consequences. 
  - Mom! 
  - I would like to press charges. 
  Well, you're not f*cking pressing charges! 
  - I am gonna press charges. 
  - No, you're not pressing - This is for your own good! 
  - No, you're not pressing charges! 
  - PRINCIPAL HAYES: O-Okay! 
  - (MADDY SOBBING) 
  I would like to press charges. 
  - You okay, Mr. 
  Jacobs? 
  - I'm fine. 
  PRINCIPAL HAYES: Mr. 
  and Mrs. 
  Jacobs, thanks for getting here so quickly. 
  OFFICER WILSON: So, it appears that your son and Miss Perez had a physical altercation on Saturday night, in which he allegedly strangled her. 
  MARSHA: What? 
  OFFICER WILSON: There are multiple eyewitnesses. 
  Miss Perez has extensive bruising, and the family will be pressing charges. 
  (GASPS) 
  There must be some misunderstanding. 
  This doesn't sound like something my son would do. 
  I would like to talk to the Perez family. 
  OFFICER WILSON: Actually, Mr. 
  Jacobs, I think it'd be best to speak to your son before we take him to the station. 
  He's just this way. 
  (EXHALES) 
  (SIGHS) 
  Did you do it? 
  (SOFTLY): Not really. 
  Did you admit to it? 
  No. 
  Did you do it? 
  No. 
  (SIGHS) 
  Well, that's good to hear. 
  Her family's gonna press charges. 
  - (WHISPERS): f*ck. 
  - Hey. 
  Listen to me. 
  You need to stay composed. 
  Don't get angry, don't make a scene. 
  You walk out of the school with your head held high. 
  Look at me. 
  Hey, look at me. 
  What's about to happen to you to me, to our family is not gonna be easy. 
  You walk out first. 
  I'm right behind you. 
  Go on. 
  (DOOR CLOSES) 
  (WHISPERS): I love you. 
  (BELL RINGING) 
  - Hee, hee - Oh! 
  - Hee, hee - Oh! 
  - Hee, hee - Oh! 
  - Hee, hee - Oh! 
  Ooh, ooh Ooh, ooh Ooh, ooh Hee, hee (DOOR OPENS) 
  Okay, one: what was that about? 
  Two: can we talk about the fact that you f*cked Nate's dad? 
  Rue, swear to God, like, on your life that you will never tell anyone. 
  - That you f*cked Nate's dad. 
  - I'm serious! 
  This is like, like, even if you decide you hate me one day, like, you can never tell anyone. 
  How would I ever hate you? 
  That's not the point. 
  Like Seriously, this is some go-to-your-grave sh1t. 
  I promise. 
  (MUTTERS): Okay. 
  Do you think Nate knows? 
  No. 
  Why would Nate know? 
  I don't know. 
  You went up to the chili booth at the carnival. 
  Did he look like he knew? 
  No, like, literally, I didn't even notice. 
  Nate's scary. 
  The whole f*cking family is scary. 
  I don't want to have this conversation. 
  You know what would be amazing? 
  If they paid you off with a bunch of money and we do a bunch of really cool sh1t. 
  Rue, this isn't a joke. 
  RUE: I don't know why Jules didn't trust me or why she'd think I'd ever hate her. 
  There's literally nothing in the world that Jules could do to make me upset. 
  I even told her that. 
  - JULES: Yeah, right. 
  - No, for real. 
  It's true. 
  So, like, do you have a lot of one-night stands? 
  Um, define a lot. 
  Um, like - More than five. 
  - (CHUCKLES) 
  Yeah. 
  More than ten. 
  I don't know. 
  More than 20. 
  - Rue, why does it matter? 
  - It's just a question. 
  Who cares? 
  Is the s*x, like, good? 
  I don't know. 
  It's, like, it's not even the point, you know? 
  It's more about, like, everything that leads up to it. 
  That's the good part. 
  I mean, you've had one-night stands, right? 
  No. 
  But you've, like, hooked up with people - that you've just met, right? 
  - Uh, not Not like that. 
  No. 
  No. 
  Wait. 
  How many people have you slept with? 
  Not many. 
  No, like, what's your number? 
  RUE: Ugh, this is so embarrassing. 
  I had my first kiss at the age of 12 with a boy I didn't really like, but I just wanted to get it over with. 
  I gave four hand jobs in eighth grade, two blow jobs in ninth, one of which I was emotionally coerced into. 
  I'm literally gonna tell the entire school that you sucked my dick, so you might as well just suck my dick. 
  Then there was that time that Lexi got asked to the freshman formal by Tucker Blake and I tried to teach her how to French kiss. 
  Is this, like, really weird and uncomfortable for you? 
  Mm, no. 
  Not really. 
  Okay. 
  Um, I'm gonna get ready. 
  RUE: Also, at 15, I ate two Xannie bars, drank a beer, which is super dangerous, and lost my virginity. 
  (MOANS) 
  - (EXHALES) 
  Did you come? 
  - Yeah. 
  Word. 
  You look like you came hard. 
  RUE: All I know is, life is not a Nicholas Sparks novel. 
  - That's it? 
  - Yep. 
  That's That's it. 
  Wait, so, like have you ever been in love? 
  - (SPLATTERS) 
  - f*cking pigs! 
  f*ck you! 
  (DOOR BUZZES) 
  Hi, Maddy. 
  I'm Detective Riley. 
  I understand this is traumatic, but you're gonna have to cooperate. 
  If you literally step any closer, I will fight you! 
  Miss, this is procedure. 
  I need you to remove your sweater now, and if you don't, we will remove it for you. 
  Really, bitch? 
  How? 
  - MADDY: You're f*cking crazy! 
  - OFFICER WILSON: Calm down. 
  Take a deep breath. 
  Take a deep breath. 
  Come on, Maddy. 
  We don't want to hurt you. 
  Get off of me! 
  - OFFICER WILSON: Maddy, please. 
  - DETECTIVE RILEY: Relax. 
  OFFICER: There we go. 
  DETECTIVE RILEY: Thanks, guys. 
  I got this. 
  (SNIPPING) 
  (SOBBING) 
  (MADDY GASPS) 
  DETECTIVE RILEY: I know you're really upset right now, - and you don't want to hear this. 
  - (CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS) 
  But trust me, when I tell you that the person that did this - (CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS) 
  - doesn't love you. 
  (CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKING) 
  (INDISTINCT CHATTER ON POLICE RADIO) 
  NATE: Mm-hmm. 
  So you grabbed her. 
  I grabbed her by the arm to drag her away. 
  I didn't choke her. 
  I asked her why she was acting that way. 
  Like, I asked her what she was doing. 
  I don't want to get her in any trouble, but she'd taken a lot of drugs. 
  What drugs? 
  I don't want to get her in trouble. 
  She's not gonna get in any trouble. 
  Molly. 
  As in MDMA? 
 
 
 
  Yeah. 
  But I don't know if it was pure. 
  Like, I don't I don't do drugs, so I don't know. 
  And after that conversation, was that the last time you spoke to Miss Perez that evening? 
  Yeah. 
  Her and I don't have the healthiest relationship. 
  I know that. 
  My dad's always telling me that she's a distraction, and he's right. 
  I love her. 
  You know, I really love her. 
  No matter how crazy she acts, no matter what she does, I love her. 
  It's kind of embarrassing to admit, but, um on the times when we've broken up, I know for a fact that she's been with other guys. 
  I don't know, I mean, it's possible that that night Aah, it doesn't matter. 
  - DETECTIVE: What were you gonna say? 
  - It doesn't matter. 
  I love Maddy. 
  I'd never do anything to hurt her. 
  RUE: The fallout from Nate's assault was swift PRINCIPAL HAYES (ON PHONE): I'm suspending your son until the investigation is completed. 
  CAL: Look, that could take months. 
  RUE: and harsh. 
  East Highland football team has a zero tolerance policy. 
  I'm a survivor of abuse. 
  It took me ten years to admit that. 
  Because the most insidious symptom of abuse is the inability to admit that what you're enduring is not normal, not okay, and not love. 
  Those are the moments that keep me up at night Thinking about all the times that I ignored that, that voice in my head. 
  You know, that told me, "What are you doing? 
 " ALI: And what happens in a month? 
  Six months? 
  A year? 
  When she moves away and goes to college? 
  When she tells you, she just wants to be friends? 
  - You mean "if. 
  " - No, Rue. 
  I mean "when. 
  " I mean, I don't know. 
  We talked about living together. 
  Like, if she goes to New York, I'll just go with her. 
  I'll go anywhere she goes. 
  I think you're missing my point, Rue. 
  Nothing in high school lasts forever. 
  You should meet her. 
  WOMAN: Go ahead, Rue. 
  What the f*ck are we talking for? 
  Uh Hey, everyone. 
  I'm I'm Rue and I'm an addict. 
  ALL: Hi, Rue. 
  Uh I guess I just wanted to, uh, make amends with everyone. 
  Because most every time I've shared, I I was lying. 
  (SIGHS) 
  Yeah, every time I collected a chip, whether it be 30 days or 60 days or 90 days, I was lying. 
  (CHUCKLES) 
  Um (RUE SIGHS) 
  But I met someone. 
  And she's helped. 
  And now I want to stay clean. 
  And, sh1t, maybe that's Maybe that's me being selfish, you know, and Ali just scared the sh1t out of me. 
  'Cause he told me that it wasn't gonna last. 
  (LAUGHS) 
  And, f*ck, you know what? 
  Maybe you're right. 
  But I really, really, really hope you're wrong. 
  'Cause, uh, I've been clean for 13 days. 
  It's been okay. 
  Um, I've actually been really happy. 
  So, um Yeah, I don't know. 
  I guess that's why I wanted to come here, and tell you guys the truth. 
  Uh, thank you. 
  - (APPLAUSE) 
  - Thank you. 
  - MAN 1: Welcome back. 
  - MAN 2: Thank you, Rue. 
  DAVID: So, is this like a friend thing with Rue or is it, like I don't want to talk about it. 
  I was just wondering are you two, like, a thing? 
  No, we're not a thing. 
  I don't know what a thing is. 
  'Cause I've been thinking, you know, if it was, if you two were a thing We could all just do, like, a family thing together. 
  Maybe go out to dinner or something. 
  I don't want to go to dinner with you and Rue. 
  I'm sorry. 
  Why? 
  Because you're embarrassed of me? 
  Or is it because you're a thing? 
  - You're hilarious. 
  - Yeah, I know. 
  Is she still going to meetings? 
  That's great. 
  You're a good influence. 
  (GRUNTING) 
  RUE: McKay had heard the news about Nate. 
  Had a bunch of dick pics on his phone. 
  And was, like, what, sending them to other girls? 
  No, McKay, it wasn't his dick. 
  It was other guys' dicks. 
  I'm confused. 
  Who told you this? 
  What dick pics? 
  The ones you told me about, on his phone. 
  I don't know if your brain is all scrambled from, like, all the Molly you take, but I never said that. 
  If you spread a lie like that, I will f*cking come for you. 
  We good? 
  - Yeah. 
  - (LOCKER SLAMS) 
  MCKAY: Anyway, look, Cassie, I'm really sorry about what happened the other night at the carnival. 
  It's okay. 
  No, I should have said something to Nate. 
  It just really hurt my feelings. 
  It made me feel like you weren't proud to be my boyfriend. 
  Cass. 
  Give me a kiss. 
  I'm proud to be your boyfriend, trust me. 
  I'm sorry, too. 
  What do you got to be sorry about? 
  TREVOR: I love making music. 
  Yeah, I mean, but to be honest (CLEARS THROAT) 
  I don't think I'm, like, good enough yet to just do music. 
  But that's, like, my dream, you know or whatever. 
  - What about you? 
  - What about me? 
  You look like you're creative or something. 
  Uh, you know? 
  - Creative. 
  (LAUGHS) 
  - Yeah. 
  I don't know. 
  Just, like, the way you dress and stuff. 
  I just thought you might be an artist or something. 
  Look, if you wanna hook up, we can hook up. 
  Um (CHUCKLES) 
  I wasn't expecting that. 
  Really? 
  Yeah, I was just making conversation. 
  I mean, that's my point, you don't really have to. 
  Doll, Eskimo, aye! 
  - BankRollGotit - I'm so icy RUE: Maddy wasn't doing well. 
  Over the course of the last five days, Maddy has sent Nate a total of 273 text messages, none of which he answered. 
  Plus, everyone in her life was against her. 
  - Who the f*ck are you to judge? 
  - Seriously, Mom, Dad has slept on the couch since I was ten years old. 
  I'm not. 
  I'm just saying love is a million things. 
  Sometimes it feels good, sometimes it doesn't. 
  The one thing I know is that Nate loves me no matter what. 
  He'd f*cking kill for me and I'd kill for him. 
  It feels good to know that there's one person in this whole fucked-up world who has my back. 
  You think I want this? 
  You live in the same house and you don't even say one word to each other. 
  That's the difference between me and you. 
  Kat, I need to come over, like, right now. 
  - KAT (ON PHONE): I'm not home. 
  - What? 
  Where are you? 
  - KAT (ON PHONE): With a friend. 
  - Who? 
  KAT (ON PHONE): It doesn't really matter. 
  I'm just, like, in the middle of something. 
  Can I call you back later? 
  Well, can you blow them off, please? 
  I really need you right now. 
  KAT (ON PHONE): I I can't. 
  I gotta go. 
  - Sorry about that. 
  - All good. 
  Um So, like (SNIFFS) 
  (BELT UNBUCKLES) 
  (UNZIPPING) 
  (MOANS) 
  (GRUNTS) 
  Oh! 
  (GROANS) 
  (GRUNTS) 
  sh1t. 
  Mmm! 
  (GRUNTING) 
  (GROANS) 
  f*ck! 
  (SHUDDERS): sh1t. 
  f*ck. 
  It was just (BREATHES HEAVILY) 
  That was really good. 
  (EXHALES, CHUCKLES) 
  (BREATHES HEAVILY) 
  Seriously, that was like one of the best blow jobs I've ever had. 
  (ENGINE STARTS) 
  - (LAUGHING) 
  - (INDISTINCT CHATTER) 
  Hour past time and I didn't want to wake up Eh, eh, oh All that's fine, are we headin' back home? 
  Headin' back home, headin' back home Cross that line and the second we make it Eh, eh, oh All come round, now they sayin' don't go Sayin' don't go, sayin' don't go I'm tired, still we rockin' all days Racin' 'gainst time, think we're neck to neck Got people talking that talk Copy the rhyme but ain't in their walk From outside looks like a circle From on this side it seems like a wall Rough ride, get me through it some way Another long flight, make me earn the pay One more time, okay? 
  One more time! 
  Rue seems really good. 
  Yeah. 
  She does. 
  It's 'cause of you, you know. 
  Um, I'm gonna go to the bathroom. 
  Okay. 
  I'm so sorry I'm late. 
  My landlord is such a f*cking cocksucker. 
  Ugh. 
  You know that type of person that, like, just tries to get under your skin for, like, no reason? 
  Whatever. 
  You don't care. 
  I can breathe. 
  Oh, my God. 
  You're actually hot? 
  Can I, uh Would you like a glass of champagne? 
  Honey, no. 
  I don't do alcohol. 
  You from around here? 
  I'm from planet Venus, baby. 
  I'm Minako. 
  But the boys call me Mina. 
  ("FABRIC" BY CUPCAKKE PLAYS ON PHONE) 
  Bitch, you don't know me so shut the f*ck up Can't walk like Naomi 'cause I got it tucked It's right on my waist and it's heavy as f*ck Leave a bitch under like Harriet Tub' I caught a whole body now the block hot You caught a half a body like a crop top If it's in my hair then it's top notch Niggas wanna cock-block Niggas straight squares like hopscotch Yeah, it's too late I'm pulling up straight to the gate This what you call on fate It's only one way to deal with the hate Make a nigga disappear like the period late I'm, um I just - Will you please stop the music? 
  - Jeez. 
  What is up with you? 
  (MUSIC STOPS) 
  (SIGHS) 
  - You want a popper? 
  - No. 
  (SCOFFS) 
  Well, then, what do you want? 
  I just want to talk for a little bit. 
  What do you want to talk about? 
  I've just had a really long week. 
  - Wife? 
  - No. 
  - Kids? 
  - Yeah. 
  Mm. 
  - Boys or girls? 
  - Boys. 
  Mm. 
  CAL: Do you think this stuff affects them? 
  Even if they don't know it? 
  MINAKO: I don't know. 
  Do you think hiding it creates the same thing in them? 
  MINAKO: Honey, I don't know. 
  Everyone knows who I am. 
  (SIGHS) 
  You know I spent my whole life trying to keep this part of me separate. 
  But I feel like it's poisoned everything. 
  I thought that I was doing what was best for everybody. 
  And then, I look at my boys, and they have so much anger. 
  Not just anger but rage. 
  And it scares me. 
  (INHALES) 
  CAL: Because it's too late. 
  (MINAKO MOANS) 
  It's always gonna be inside them. 
  All those problems you have, baby I'm here to fix it. 
  All that bad energy you can give it to me. 
  I can handle it. 
  (SIGHS) 
  You're still The same girl You always were You're still The same girl You always were A few more nights You know, it seems like we never do this anymore. 
  Yeah. 
  A few more holes In your arm - You gonna spend the night? 
  - Uh, I should probably go home. 
  Okay. 
  Uh, well, is it cool if I just go with you? 
  Uh, yeah. 
  Sure. 
  Still the same girl (PHONE BUZZING) 
  - Same sweet smile - My God. 
  That you always had What's up, bro? 
  Yeah, I'm with her right now. 
  What's up? 
  He says can you tell Maddy to download Signal? 
  - Same clear voice - (PHONE BLOOPS) 
  - (TIRES SKIDDING) 
  - (HONKING) 
  (LOUD HONKING) 
  WOMAN (IN CAR): Get off the road, you f*cking c**t! 
  f*ck you! 
  The same girl That I Love (ENGINE REVS) 
  - (CAR ALARM CHIRPS) 
  - You're still The same girl (ENGINE STARTS) 
  You always were Still The same girl You always were With the same sweet smile That you always had And the same blue eyes Like the sun - And the same clear voice - Hey, handsome. 
  That I always (KNOCKS ON DOOR) 
  Still The same girl (SNIFFLES) 
  That I Love (WIND WHISTLING) 
  (WIND WHISTLING) 
  It was just before the moon hung Her weary, heavy head in The gallows and the graves of The milky, milky cradle His tears have turned to poppies A shimmer in the midnight A flower in the twilight A flower in the twilight And our screaming Is in his screaming Our screaming Is in his screaming Our screaming In the willow tree (WIND WHISTLING) 
  RUE: Christopher McKay's father demanded excellence. 
  (WHISTLE BLOWS) 
  Then he got to college and he realized he didn't stand a chance of going pro. 
  (WHISTLE BLOWS) 
  CHRIS: If we go to this party and you dress like that, I ain't gon' ever hear the end of it. 
  MAN: The whole point of Halloween is to look attractive. 
  (LAUGHTER) 
  MAN 2: The situation with your son, a lot of people are talking. 
  You need a plan. 
  (PRINTER WHIRRING) 
  RUE: Every time I feel good, I think it'll last forever. 
  But it doesn't. 
  (TRIP-HOP MUSIC PLAYS) 
  I was drawn to Maddy as a character because I knew she would pull me out of my comfort zone. 
  I think Maddy's always been confident. 
  Like when she was a little girl, she was winning pageant after pageant. 
  So, I think her confidence is something that she's always had. 
  Like I think Maddy definitely runs Nate. 
  She definitely gets what she wants out of him, but in those moments where he gets angry and violent and dark, she just she's so weak, and I think she's in pain. 
  She's in a toxic, abusive relationship. 
  RUE BENNETT: It wasn't the violence that scared her. 
  It was the fact that she knew no matter what he did, she'd still love him. 
  She thinks that what Nate provides for her and does for her is 100 times better than what she's seen her dad do. 
  Growing up in a dysfunctional home, you can end up in those relationships because they either seem normal to you, or they seem better than what you've seen at home. 
  Maddy will do anything in her power not to end up like her parents. 
  She doesn't want that life, so she's she's trying to find a way out in any way she can and I think that's where the relationship with Nate comes in. 
  I think she likes the idea of it. 
  So even though he's hurting her, she just She thinks it's better than what she's grown up watching. 
  Just saying love is a million things! 
  Sometimes, it feels good. 
  Sometimes, it doesn't. 
  MOTHER: Trust me when I tell you that the person that did this doesn't love you. 
  I think Maddy feels like everyone's against her, and no one understands them. 
  It feels like the lowest point of her life, and even then, she's She's still rooting for Nate. 
  She wants him to figure out a plan. 
  She wants him to be okay. 
  She really feels like they have this special bond, but it's you know, it's a dysfunctional young love. 
  (SOMBER ELECTRONIC MUSIC PLAYS) 
  Working with Jacob was incredible. 
  I couldn't have asked for a better scene partner. 
  Those scenes are really intense, and you know, it is It's acting, but it's physical and you know, you're pouring all of your emotion into this. 
  I think Maddy's searching for any bit of love, any bit of hope. 
  I think we want love sometimes so bad, we stay in these relationships even when we know they aren't right. 
  But she doesn't want to admit that to herself. 
  She just wants everybody to leave her alone, and she wants it to just be her and Nate. 
  (MUSIC CONCLUDES) 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 