Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x01 - Pilot - Euphoria 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x01 - Pilot https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=907&t=34019 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 06/18/19 06:48 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x01 - Pilot 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 - (HEART BEATING) 
  - (FLUID WHOOSHING) 
  RUE: I was once happy, content, sloshing around in my own private, primordial pool. 
  Then one day, for reasons beyond my control, I was repeatedly crushed over and over by the cruel cervix of my mother, Leslie. 
  I put up a good fight, but I lost, for the first time, but not the last. 
  (JET ENGINE ROARING) 
  (SILENCE) 
  - I was born three days after 9/11. 
  - (BABY CRYING) 
  GEORGE W. 
  BUSH (OVER TV): I can hear you I can hear you, the rest of the world hears you, and the people who knocked these buildings down will hear all of us soon. 
  - (CROWD CHEERING) 
  - RESCUE WORKERS: USA! 
  USA! 
  - USA! 
  USA! 
  - (CRYING) 
  (SUCKLING, COOING) 
  RUE: My mother and father spent two days in the hospital, holding me under the soft glow of the television, watching those towers fall over and over again, until the feelings of grief gave way to numbness. 
  And then, without warning, a middle-class childhood in an American suburb. 
  Thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen - What are you looking at, Rue? 
  - Seventeen LESLIE: Rue, look at me. 
  - RUE: One, two, three - LESLIE: What are you doing, Rue? 
  (CRYING) 
  THERAPIST: I'd say she's suffering from obsessive compulsive disorder RUE: It's not like I was physically abused attention deficit disorder RUE: or had a shortage of clean water general anxiety disorder RUE: or was molested by a family member. 
  THERAPIST: and possibly bipolar disorder. 
  - But she's a little young to tell. 
  - (SOBBING) 
  RUE: So, explain this sh1t to me. 
  LESLIE: Honey, it's just the way your brain was hardwired. 
  Plenty of great, intelligent, funny, interesting, and creative people have struggled with the same things you struggle with. 
  Like who? 
  Uh (SIGHS) 
  Vincent Van Gogh. 
  - (GUNSHOT) 
  - (GRUNTS) 
  - LESLIE: Sylvia Plath. 
  - (BLOWS OUT FLAME) 
  And your favorite: Britney Spears. 
  - MAN: She's bald! 
  - MAN 2: Oh, my God! 
  She is completely bald! 
  (SIGHS) 
  - (SCHOOL BELL RINGS) 
  - RUE: I don't remember much between the ages of eight and 12. 
  Just that the world moved fast and my brain moved slow. 
  Okay, does anybody have any idea of what a preposition might be? 
  (RUE BREATHING HEAVILY) 
  RUE: And every now and then, if I focused too closely on the way I breathed (PANTING) 
  - I'd die. 
  - (ELECTRICITY CRACKLES) 
  (BAG CRACKLING) 
  TEACHER: Slow down, just breathe. 
  RUE: Until every second of every day, you find yourself trying to outrun your anxiety. 
  (PHONE CHIMES) 
  What's wrong, Rue? 
  RUE: And quite frankly I'm just f*cking exhausted. 
  LESLIE: You said the doctor was in our network. 
  How could he suddenly be out of network? 
  I can't afford it. 
  (SIGHS) 
  GIA: Did you see that video of the beauty queen who got acid thrown on her face? 
  - Mm, uh, what? 
  No. 
  - It's pretty f*cked up. 
  - Hey, Mom, you got any tampons? 
  - In my bathroom, under the sink. 
  RUE: And at some point, you make a choice about who you are and what you want. 
  - (DOOR CLOSES) 
  - (COUGHS) 
  (COUGHING) 
  Oh, my I'm living for the thrill formula (TOILET FLUSHES) 
  - On a Monday - Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh - Where's the propane? 
  - Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh Tell 'em RUE: All right, Gia, let's roll. 
  LESLIE: Why is the co-payment $300? 
  Rue, did you eat breakfast? 
  - Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh - Tell 'em GIA: What's with the sunglasses? 
  - What sunglasses? 
  - (BOTH CHUCKLING) 
  I'm livin' for the thrill for your love - (STUDENTS CHATTERING) 
  - (CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS) 
  RUE: I just showed up one day, without a map or a compass MAN (OVER PA): Attention, students, we need to lockdown. 
  RUE: or to be honest, anyone capable of giving on iota of good f*cking advice. 
  I'm livin' for the thrill formula And I know it all may seem sad, but guess what? 
  I didn't build this system, nor did I f*ck it up. 
  Chill They been waiting for me What the fuk, what the fuk Feel the morning on my face Ain't a pill that I didn't take RUE: And then it happens. 
  That moment when your breath starts to slow. 
  'Cause Ima sleep when I RIP Ba-da-ba-da-ba RUE: And every time you breathe, you breathe out all the oxygen you have. 
  (EXHALES) 
  And everything stops: your heart, your lungs, then finally, your brain. 
  And everything you feel, and wish, and want to forget, it all just sinks. 
  And then suddenly - (HEART FLUTTERS) 
  - (GASPS) 
  (HEART POUNDING SOFTLY) 
  you give it air again, give it life again. 
  I remember the first time it happened to me, I got so scared I wanted to call 911. 
  Go to the hospital and be kept alive by machines and apple juice. 
  But I didn't want to look like an idiot, and I didn't want to f*ck up everyone's night. 
  And then over time, it's all I wanted Those two seconds of nothingness. 
  I'll find somebody, wait and see Who am I kidding, only me 'Cause no one else could take your place Guess that I am just a hopeless case (SOMBER ORGAN MUSIC PLAYING) 
  RUE: I spent a good portion of the summer before junior year in rehab. 
  GIRLS: God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference. 
  (APPLAUSE) 
  (INDISTINCT CHATTER) 
  - GIA: Rue! 
  - (RUE LAUGHS) 
  - RUE: Come here! 
  - GIA: Hey. 
  - RUE: How are you? 
  - GIA: Good. 
  (SIGHS) 
  - I missed you. 
  - I missed you, too. 
  - Look at you. 
  Are you growing? 
  - (LAUGHING): No. 
  Hey! 
  LESLIE: I'm very happy for you, Rue. 
  You're about to start a brand-new chapter. 
  RUE: It was the end of summer, the week before school started. 
  I had no intention of staying clean. 
  And Jules had just moved to town. 
  FEZCO: There's some new girl in town that I think you gonna be friends with. 
  - RUE: Who? 
  - sh1t, I don't know. 
  She came in yesterday lookin' all Sailor Moon and sh1t. 
  I'm thinking to myself, like, look like somebody Rue would get along with. 
  RUE: Which was sort of like a dead-on observation for Fezco, who's not normally revolving in the same direction as planet Earth. 
  So, how long you been back? 
  - Five days. 
  - And like, - how you feelin'? 
  - I mean, ever since I gave my life over to my lord and savior Jesus Christ, things have been, like, really good. 
  - Word? 
  That's what's up. 
  - Yeah. 
  I'm f*cking with you, Fez. 
  - It was a joke. 
  - sh1t. 
  (LAUGHS) 
  - (RUE LAUGHS) 
  - Hey, I don't judge. 
  Uh, but low-key, is Ashtray in the back? 
  Are you serious? 
  What, you think 'cause I went to rehab, I stayed clean? 
  I mean, ain't that the point? 
  Yeah, well, the world's coming to an end, and I haven't even graduated high school yet. 
  (RAP MUSIC PLAYING) 
  f*ck this sh1t y'all seeing on TV Listen up, pay the f*ck attention, yeah I thought your ass was dead. 
  I thought you had Asperger's till I realized you're just a prick. 
  This is a fickle industry. 
  Y'all come and go. 
  I'm just trying to stack my cash, pay off our mortgage. 
  So what the f*ck you want? 
  Pull up on the block and I'm lit Got em' looking real sick, throw it up ASHTRAY: You sure you don't want to try nothin' new? 
  - Like what? 
  - 2C-T-2, 2C-T-7, and 5-MeO-DIPT. 
  I'm sorry, I have zero f*cking idea what you just said. 
  It doesn't matter. 
  But this sh1t is f*cking lit. 
  What is it? 
  N-diisopropyl-5-methoxytryptamine. 
  It's a fast-acting psychedelic. 
  ASHTRAY (VOICE ECHOING): Got some similarities to LSD, but with, like, key differences. 
  Not as visual and sh1t, but definitely a sense distorter. 
  (DISTORTED VOICE): What's wrong? 
  (DISTORTED VOICE): I'm just so happy. 
  I don't know. 
  The sh1t's been blowing up in Tampa, and mad people like to f*ck on it. 
  Okay. 
  Yeah. 
  ASHTRAY: That'll be 120. 
  - Uh, Fez said he'd spot me. 
  - Fezco don't spot nobody. 
  Yeah, well, it's a post-rehab discount, - so you should ask him. 
  - I will go ask him, 'cause I know you're full of sh1t. 
  There's a brighter tomorrow Just around the bend RUE: In truth, I didn't have much of an issue with Nate until all the bullshit with Jules. 
  I mean, I never liked him, and once, during freshman formal, he tried to finger me on the dance floor without my permission. 
  - (CROWD CHEERING) 
  - But like it's America. 
  RUE: And if they were throwing an end-of-summer party Yo, I'd do it for Rue! 
  RUE: of course I'd f*cking go. 
  Yo. 
  The whole world's gonna be talking about how McKay threw the grimiest f*cking banger of the summer. 
  I don't know, bro. 
  You know my mom is real OCD. 
  She notices the smallest sh1t: a little scratch on the wall, the dishes are out of order. 
  Fine. 
  We'll just take a picture of everything, and we'll put it back the way we found it. 
  What the f*ck is this, Mission Impossible? 
  Would you stop worrying about your mom, and start worrying about all the f*cking pussy that we're gonna smash tonight, bro. 
  No, no, no, no, no. 
  Wait. 
  Isn't Maddy coming tonight? 
  I don't know. 
  I don't give a f*ck. 
  She broke up with me. 
  f*ck her. 
  See, no, bro. 
  'Cause she's crazy. 
  I don't want her to come and try to burn my house down. 
  - Burn your - Yeah. 
  Shut the f*ck up. 
  Yo. 
  This is exactly what I'm talking about. 
  Right here. 
  I'm gonna tell you something - Nate, don't do anything stupid. 
  Come on. 
  - Yeah, yeah. 
  NATE: Hey, yo, what up, B? 
  Yo, how 'bout you come and ride on this dick? 
  - No, Nate, chill, bro! 
  Come on man. 
  - (NATE LAUGHING) 
  - (NATE LAUGHS) 
  - What the f*ck, bro. 
  Whoops. 
  RUE: Jules moved from the city to the suburbs after her mom and dad got divorced. 
  She doesn't really like to talk about it, but dads almost never get full custody, so you know some sh1t definitely went down. 
  She went to, like, three weeks of summer school with Kat, who failed Intro to Visual Arts. 
  - Do you think my areolas look weird? 
  - KAT: No. 
  MADDY: But, like, the edges, though. 
  Maddy, they're fine. 
  Fine like they're kind of weird, or fine like nobody but me would ever notice what I notice? 
  BB: Fine like shut the f*ck up, Maddy. 
  I'm disgusting. 
  I literally look disgusting. 
  KAT: Maddy, you just snap the f*ck out of this. 
  You're hot as f*ck. 
  - Nate's a loser. 
  Who cares? 
  - He's not a loser. 
  He's a dick. 
  All dicks are losers. 
  Duh. 
  Look, bottom line: y'all need to walk into this party like your pussy costs a million dollars. 
  For real, I'd settle for like fifty grand. 
  Fifty grand is a million dollars. 
  KAT: I'd settle for, like, four Corona Lights and some non-rapey affection. 
  - That's kind of depressing. 
  - MADDY: Nate's just, like, totally ruined my confidence. 
  You know when somebody just constantly criticizes, like, everything about you? 
  Yep. 
  That's, like, every guy. 
  You just need to catch a dick and forget about your troubles. 
  Girl, you just need to catch a dick. 
  Seriously, Maddy, the best thing to do after a breakup is to f*ck someone new, and then move on. 
  BB: Please, Kat, remind me again how many guys you've f*cked? 
  And, um, oh, yeah, cat-fishing, that don't count. 
  Can you not be a c**t for like, 15 seconds? 
  (KNOCKING ON DOOR) 
  - TED: What are we doing for dinner? 
  - Dad, stop being a pervert! 
  - We're literally, like, all naked! 
  - (DOOR CLOSES) 
  (ALL LAUGHING) 
  (DOG BARKING) 
  (SIGHS) 
  f*ck. 
  Okay. 
  - Where were you? 
  - RUE: I went to eat. 
  - What do you mean, you went to eat? 
  - What? 
  (SCOFFS) 
  LESLIE: What? 
  Don't walk away from me. 
  You know what, Rue? 
  I don't trust you. 
  RUE: I don't know what you want me to say. 
  I want you to tell me where you were. 
  - I just said I went to f*cking eat! 
  - Don't you talk to me like that! 
  You know what? 
  I'm gonna drug test you. 
  - Don't be slamming no doors around here. 
  - It was an accident. 
  I don't care. 
  You're not leaving this house until you take a drug test. 
  I just peed! 
  LESLIE: Slam another door. 
  That girl's gonna be the death of me. 
  (SIGHS) 
  sh1t. 
  Now, there's a few ways to beat a drug test. 
  The first is simple. 
  Stop doing drugs. 
  But if you're in a bind and totally f*cked, option one: niacin. 
  It's a B vitamin that, like, breaks down fat and chemicals or whatever, and if you take a lot of it, like 2,000 milligrams, then chug a few gallons of water, you can flush your system in two to three days. 
  The only problem is, it has a few side effects. 
  Skin flushing, extreme dizziness, vomiting, rapid heartbeat, and sometimes death. 
  I don't recommend it. 
  Nor does any legit drug site on the Internet. 
  Option 2: synthetic urine. 
  (SCOFFS) 
  Yeah, f*cking right. 
  Option 3: get a non-drug addict friend to piss for you. 
  - The only problem is - (PANTING) 
  most over-the-counter home drug testing kits come with a heat-sensor strip that detects the temperature of your urine. 
  And if your parents watch you pee, you can't really do the sink trick. 
  - So you gotta get it fresh. 
  - (KNOCKING ON DOOR) 
  Hey, Rue. 
  - Hey, I, um I need a favor. 
  - What? 
  - I like for real, Lexi. 
  - What? 
  - Side effects of this option? 
  - Are you serious? 
  Please. 
  Thanks. 
  SUZE: Hey, Rue. 
  How was rehab? 
  (MUTTERS): sh1t. 
  - RUE: It was good. 
  It was really, really good. 
  - Well, that's good. 
  - How long have you been back? 
  - Five days. 
  Oh. 
  - New chapter. 
  - Mom. 
  - SUZE: Hmm? 
  - (LAUGHS) 
  RUE: Lexi and I have known each other since pre-school. 
  And like, in some ways she's my best friend, even though I think we've grown apart. 
  We don't really have much in common anymore. 
  SUZE: Did you m meet any cute guys there? 
  - LEXI: Here's that eyeliner. 
  - Thanks. 
  Huh. 
  (SNORTS, EXHALES) 
  Mom, I have to pee! 
  I wish we could do this in a way that wasn't a complete invasion of my privacy. 
  Well, you lost your right to privacy after your overdose. 
  - That was a mistake. 
  - Don't be flip, Rue. 
  Could you Thank you. 
  You don't understand. 
  This was the most frightening moment a mother could witness. 
  And Gia - Gia, who absolutely idolizes you - I know, Mom. 
  To have her find you unconscious (LESLIE SOBS) 
  Can we just Can we not do this right now, Mom? 
  GIA: Rue? 
  (RUE GASPS) 
  Rue? 
  (RUE MOANING) 
  - (GASPING) 
  - Rue. 
  (GASPS) 
  (SOBBING) 
  RUE: I know a lot of you probably hate me right now, and I get it. 
  If I could be a different person, I promise you, I would. 
  (SNIFFLES) 
  Not because I want it, but because they do. 
  And therein lies the catch. 
  I'm sorry for slamming the door earlier. 
  It's okay. 
  I forgive you. 
  Come here. 
  (SNIFFLES) 
  - RUE: Hey, Mom? 
  - Yeah? 
  Can I spend the night at Lexi's tonight? 
  - Yeah, that's fine. 
  - Thanks. 
  Yeah. 
  (SIGHS) 
  He's heating up! 
  No room key, socks on, can't stay long Before you know it, in the morning, I'll be gone I ain't staying till the morning, yeah, I'm gone I ain't staying till the morning, yeah, I'm gone Tommy, call my name, when you open your eyes Make it rain, you can stay in my sky Keep it to yourself when you find me Hands on your knees it's a sign we don't need Nothing but a rope and a room key Makin' sure you know that you knew me No room key, socks on, can't stay long Before you know it, in the morning, I'll be gone I ain't staying till the morning, yeah, I'm gone I ain't staying till the morning, yeah, I'm gone (JAZZ MUSIC PLAYING) 
  Where you going? 
  Uh, I don't know. 
  Some party, or something. 
  Or something? 
  Dad. 
  I know. 
  You know, just, new town. 
  Be safe. 
  - Yeah. 
  I'm fine. 
  - Good. 
  - Love you. 
  - I love you, too. 
  - Okay. 
  - Have fun. 
  Ooh, ooh, ooh-ooh Ooh, ooh, ooh-ooh Ooh, ooh, ooh-ooh Ooh, ooh, ooh-ooh RUE: Jules told me later what had happened. 
  Ooh, ooh, ooh-ooh Ooh, ooh, ooh-ooh Ooh Ooh, ooh, ooh-ooh Ooh, ooh, ooh-ooh (SIGHS) 
  RUE: Looking back on it, she probably would have just been better off going to McKay's. 
  But (KNOCKING) 
  MAN: Come in. 
  Straight out of the jungle Yo, so, Cassie's a whore. 
  Fact. 
  No, she's not. 
  Fact. 
  She's not even that type of girl. 
  Oh. 
  Have you seen her slut pages, though? 
  - No. 
  - They're wild, yo. 
  - She's like a f*ckin' freak! 
  - TROY: Cassie's on the slut pages? 
  Yo, we gotta see this sh1t. 
  MCKAY: Yo, what are y'all even doing out the room, man? 
  - Go back upstairs, bro. 
  - What? 
  Thing one and thing two. 
  Take it up, man. 
  - Take it up. 
  - Relax. 
  No one gets here till ten. 
  What's up, Nate? 
  NATE: What's good, what's good, good lookin'. 
  Look, all I'm saying is, I think you did Cassie. 
  That's it. 
  McKay, whether I like her or not is irrelevant. 
  The fact is, she's a f*cking whore through and through, bro. 
  All right, look, I don't know what she's done, guys, but I'm just saying, I think she's cool. 
  She's smart. 
  She's funny. 
  - Bro, she likes cars, man. 
  - (BOYS LAUGHING) 
  She loves cars. 
  sh1t, thank you for telling me. 
  - What the f*ck? 
  - TROY: Dude's got mad feelings. 
  JAKE: For real, yo. 
  McKay's about to start a Pinterest, guys. 
  Just wait. 
  Give it a minute. 
  Yo, did you say you don't know what she's done? 
  No, I don't know. 
  Take a seat. 
  You and I are gonna take a little trip to the land of shame, bro. 
  Point-blank range give a nigga nose rings Skip to my Lou with a pack in the cat Jiffy, Lube, where the bricks, where they at? 
  Dripping, ooze, the Patek all wet RUE: Here's the f*cking thing that pisses me off about the world. 
  Like, every time someone's sh1t gets leaked, whether it's J. 
  Law or Leslie Jones, the whole world's like, "Well if you don't want it out there, don't take the nudes in the first place. 
  " I'm sorry. 
  I know your generation relied on flowers and fathers' permission, but it's 2019, and unless you're Amish, nudes are the currency of love, so stop shaming us. 
  Shame the assholes who create password-protected online directories of naked, underage girls. 
  (CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS) 
  Cassie's actually super sweet. 
  You remember, like, from earlier. 
  - Yo, Rue, Rue. 
  - Hey. 
  How you been? 
  SUZE: She's just being coy. 
  'Cause she has a new boyfriend she's head over heels for. 
  Mom, stop being retarded. 
  He's not my boyfriend. 
  Oh. 
  Okay! 
  Who's that handsome young man who came over for dinner last night? 
  - CASSIE: Oh, my God, Mom! 
  Stop! 
  - (WHISPERS): Christopher McKay. 
  So, you're dating McKay. 
  Okay, Mom, I'm literally going to poison you in your sleep. 
  So, Rue, how was rehab? 
  Um SUZE: Did you m meet any cute guys there? 
  - LEXI: Here's that eyeliner. 
  - Thanks. 
  RUE: But anyway, back to this bullshit. 
  And the Oscar goes to - ALL: Oh! 
  - sh1t! 
  I'm talkin' 'bout, like, tag team. 
  - That's what I'm saying. 
  Double team. 
  - Like, triple. 
  TROY: With Roy in the front. 
  You can even tell that that's her, man. 
  It's her, bro. 
  This is definitely her. 
  Look at her titties. 
  NATE: You want my advice? 
  You f*ck her like the whore she is, you kick her ass to the curb. 
  TROY AND ROY: If you don't, we will. 
  Shut your all little virgin asses up, man. 
  Y'all wouldn't even know what to do with that. 
  Are you crazy? 
  I just got a tutorial, step-by-step. 
  (INDISTINCT LAUGHTER, CHATTER) 
  RUE: It's obvious that Nate got in McKay's head, because Cassie told Lexi, and Lexi told me, that the night of the party What? 
  Nothing. 
  Why do you keep staring at me? 
  I'm sorry. 
  (CHUCKLES) 
  Kind of spaced out for a second. 
  I wasn't being weird, was I? 
  No. 
  You're being cute. 
  Listen, I don't want to sound corny or whatever, but you are literally the most beautiful girl I've ever seen. 
  RUE: They hooked up. 
  - (CASSIE MOANS) 
  - MCKAY: f*ck. 
  You always this wet? 
  Kind of. 
  It's super embarrassing. 
  - Does it turn you off? 
  - Not at all. 
  It's cool. 
  Stay right here. 
  (GASPS) 
  (CASSIE MOANS) 
  - Aah! 
  - (MCKAY MOANING) 
  McKay. 
  McKay, stop! 
  Stop RUE: Now, I know this looks disturbing, but for real, I promise you, this does not end in a rape. 
  But here's the thing. 
  Everyone on the planet watches p0rn. 
  Fact. 
  And if you were to click on the 20 most popular videos on p0rn Hub right now, this is basically what you'd see: MAN: Good girl, yes, yes. 
  - (WOMAN YELLING) 
  - (GAGGING) 
  MAN: Are you gonna be an obedient little slut? 
  (WOMAN YELLING) 
  - (SLAPPING) 
  - (MOANING) 
  - MAN: Say thank you, again. 
  - WOMAN: Oh, thank you. 
  RUE: I'm not trying to be s*x negative or anything. 
  - I'm just saying - CASSIE: Stop! 
  RUE: this sh1t isn't out of left f*cking field. 
  - f*ck, McKay! 
  - What did I do? 
  Why would you grab me like that? 
  I couldn't breathe. 
  I don't know. 
  I thought you liked that. 
  Why the f*ck would I like that? 
  Cassie, I'm sorry. 
  I didn't know. 
  I just didn't expect it. 
  (SIGHS) 
  Cassie, I'm really sorry, okay? 
  I'm sorry. 
  You know I would never do anything to hurt you. 
  Just don't do it again. 
  (SIGHS) 
  Unless you ask me first. 
  Or I ask you. 
  RUE: Anyway, I didn't go to Lexi's. 
  That was a lie. 
  So, I was walking to McKay's party, because I have this rule that I don't drink and bike, 'cause like (RAP MUSIC PLAYING) 
  - Is that? 
  - KAT: Oh, sh1t. 
  Slow down. 
  Dude, that's Rue. 
  Oh, my God. 
  - MADDY: Wait. 
  Didn't Rue, like, die? 
  - Oh, my God, I hate ghosts. 
  KAT: Yo, Casper! 
  You want a ride? 
  Why, thank you. 
  Get it up, get it up, get it I am not seeking approval, I'm number one, I tell bitches what to do He heard I'm Creole, he think I know voodoo Bitch, I will twist your ass up like a noodle Hoe, you a copy of me, you a doodle Bitches is flocking to me like I'm Kodak All of my bitches is yellow, they bodak Hop out the whip at the light and they throw that Uh, cocky as f*ck in the mall witcho daddy He kissing the ground that I walk on, uh Cocky as f*ck in a pic witcho nigga He bought everything that I got on, eh, eh Get in line hoe, I be on yo' mind though Bitch you know I'm poppin' You just hatin' 'cause I'm fine, hoe Don't like me, then stay off my sh1t, uh You need to hold your tongue, uh Unless you gonna lick on my clit, ah-ah - MAN: Ah. 
  How old are you? 
  - Uh, 22. 
  Thanks. 
  Do you live in town? 
  Uh, no. 
  I'm just, uh, visiting my grandparents. 
  Hmm. 
  What about you? 
  Do you walk around like this? 
  What do you mean? 
  Well, this is how you look generally? 
  I mean yeah. 
  You're beautiful. 
  Thank you. 
  I'm envious of your generation, you know. 
 
 
 
  (INHALES) 
  You guys don't care as much about the rules. 
  You know, I think that's a good thing. 
  And I don't want to be that old guy that gives you advice, but I look at you and I think there are two versions of how your life can go. 
  You can either go someplace, where you're wanted for who you are. 
  Or you can stay in a town like this. 
  End up like me. 
  Living your life out in motel rooms. 
  Selfishly I hope you stay. 
  Wider. 
  Wider. 
  There you go. 
  That's it. 
  Good girl. 
  (RIPPING) 
  RUE: Jules once told me that every night when she was a kid, - like, five or something - (GAGGING) 
  - MAN: Spit. 
  - (GAGGING) 
  RUE: she'd lock herself in the bathroom, get down on her hands and knees, and - pray to God. 
  - (MAN GRUNTS) 
  (JULES CRIES OUT) 
  (GROANS, PANTS) 
  RUE: She'd pray that when she woke up in the morning, she'd be 25 years old. 
  She'd live with her best friend, a girl. 
  Someone she hadn't met yet, but someone she knew she'd trust forever. 
  (MAN GRUNTS, PANTS) 
  (MAN GRUNTS LOUDLY) 
  (MAN GROANS) 
  RUE: I don't know why, but when she told me that story, I started to cry so hard I hyperventilated. 
  (WHISPERS): You're so clean. 
  And you don't know how rare that is. 
  (PANTS) 
  (GRUNTS, INHALES) 
  RUE: Jules just kept laughing and saying, "What's wrong?" But I didn't know. 
  - (SHOWER RUNNING) 
  - (PHONE BUZZES) 
  RUE: And then, the night got weird. 
  - (RAP MUSIC PLAYING) 
  - (NOISY CHATTERING) 
  Good times, good times There's gonna be good times, good times I know there's gonna be Work every day till me meet ends Have to turn it up on the weekends Bust a toast to your real friends Tell me what you're drinking I know there's gonna be good times - Hey. 
  - Hey. 
  There's gonna be good times There's gonna be good times Good times, there's gonna be some good times Remember we used to pull up and let 'em fight, that's hood time Remember I used to grab on that ass when it was wood time Yeah, if that bitch walk up trippin' she get that mush time I don't waste time, I don't waste time I don't have patience, baby She gon' get on top of this dick And she gon' squish it like squish, then go fast She Speed Racer We gon' ball, Walter Payton She my boss like I'm Prince's son Come here, bae, I'ma listen I let her write me my suggestions Pop quiz, it's a pop quiz RUE: Now, there's a couple versions of what happened that night. 
  It all depends on who you ask, and to be honest, I'm not always the most reliable narrator. 
  Me and papi on the same pills RUE: But Nate was f*cking on one. 
  And in turn, Maddy was f*cking on one. 
  Come have a good time, bust a back wine Know say you wan' gimme suckle and corn Hi. 
  I make ya sing this time I know there's gonna be good times Get undressed. 
  I want to go swimming. 
  There's gonna be good times There's gonna be good times Ima ride in that pussy like a stroller I'll survive in a mothafuckin' gutter That's my mothafuckin' woadie, like the Noila And I'm coming red like Coca-Cola Ima have a very good time - You're so hot. 
  - I know. 
  Ima have a very good time I swear to God I can't never sound like Lil shorty She say she like all of her nigga's rhymes Where is my phone (MUFFLED BASS POUNDING UNDERWATER) 
  Even in the summertime me and Lil shawty cuddle I swear to God I'ma tip you, you don't got to struggle Baby come sit (LAUGHS) 
  You're f*cking crazy. 
  No, I'm not. 
  I'm just trying to get back at my really shitty ex-boyfriend. 
  What? 
  What if I told you that I wanted you to f*ck me, right here, right now? 
  Are you serious? 
  RUE: And that's right about the time that Jules decided to ghost her hookup and bike over to McKay's. 
  Now, Jules texted Kat, but Kat didn't answer, because I'm on a new level, I'm on a new level I'm on a new level, I'm on a new level So what's the deal with your friend, BB? 
  What about her? 
  Well, is she like a prude, or is she like a slut? 
  Definitely a slut. 
  - What about you? 
  - What about me? 
  Are you a slut? 
  Yeah, I'm a f*cking savage. 
  ROY: Oh, yeah? 
  What's your number? 
  KAT: Huh. 
  Higher than you two can count. 
  Stop playing. 
  You're a f*cking prude. 
  RUE: Now, Kat wasn't a prude, but she was a virgin. 
  She'd told Jules that a week into summer school, and when Kat saw her reaction: Bitch, this isn't the '80s. 
  You need to catch a dick. 
  Now, I'm on a new level, I'm on a new level RUE: She was on a mission to enter junior year as a woman of questionable morals. 
  WES: Let me ask you a question. 
  If I were to pull my dick out right now, would you suck it? 
  - (LAUGHING) 
  - I don't know. 
  Let me see it. 
  - It's not hard yet. 
  - (SCOFFS) 
  You've probably never sucked a dick in your life. 
  Yeah, I have. 
  No, most girls don't know how to suck dick. 
  - Yeah. 
  - What do you mean? 
  Well, they're too gentle. 
  It's like, they're f*cking scared of it or something. 
  - Not in p0rn. 
  - ROY: Exactly. 
  - You watch p0rn? 
  - Doesn't everyone? 
  No. 
  Every guy does. 
  Yeah. 
  Not prudes. 
  Only sluts. 
  Yeah, well Yeah, but like, how much? 
  - What? 
  - How much of a slut are you? 
  Mm. 
  Why don't you come find out? 
  Why don't you take your top off? 
  (SNICKERS NERVOUSLY) 
  Like, right now, in front of In front of these two? 
  Yeah. 
  WES: I dare you. 
  I'm on a new level, I'm on a new level I'm on a new level, I'm on a new level Bought me a new shovel Put these niggas in the dirt Chain with the new bezel All my niggas put in work I'm on a new level, I'm on a new level Yo, you know what they say, right? 
  Fat girls give the best head. 
  (LAUGHS, COUGHS) 
  Put these niggas in the dirt Chain with a new bezel All my niggas put in work Daddy, look at that, I know he see me Blowing up, my grandma would be so proud up in heaven RUE: I was out back talking to Fezco when Jules arrived. 
  What the f*ck, Rue? 
  RUE: What? 
  What, what, what, what? 
  Come on now, bruh. 
  You owe me 120 bucks. 
  My bad, man, I forgot. 
  sh1t, you know I ain't trippin'. 
  Well, to be honest with you, your whole drug sh1t got me feeling kind of uneasy. 
  Come on, don't go soft on me, Fez. 
  (CHUCKLES) 
  No, I'm not. 
  It's just that I like you. 
  And I missed you, bruh. 
  Like That sh1t at the beginning of summer had me scared as f*ck. 
  - Yeah, you and everybody else. 
  - I'm serious, Rue. 
  I've seen a lot of people die. 
  None like you. 
  I don't know what type of f*cked up sh1t you got going inside your head. 
  I don't know how to help, but I could tell you one thing: this drug sh1t, it's not the answer. 
  You know, I remember when I was eleven years old It was a couple months after my dad got diagnosed, and we got the results back from the prognosis. 
  And it was really good. 
  It was like, 80/20. 
  And we decided to celebrate, so we like ordered a bunch of Chinese food. 
  (LAUGHS) 
  I remember that night, I was laying between my parents in bed, and, uh all of a sudden I couldn't breathe. 
  It was like there was no more air left in the world. 
  And I was gasping, and I was panicking. 
  And they called the ambulance and they thought it was like an allergic reaction or some sh1t. 
  And then when I got to the hospital, they gave me liquid Valium. 
  (CHUCKLES) 
  Yeah. 
  To calm me down. 
  And when it hit me, I thought This is it. 
  This is the feeling I have been searching for my entire life, for as long as I could remember. 
  Because suddenly, the world went quiet. 
  And I felt safe, in my own head. 
  Two years later, he was gone. 
  Panic attacks stayed. 
  And I found a way to live, so Will it eventually kill me? 
  Maybe. 
  (LAUGHS) 
  f*ck, maybe not. 
  I don't know. 
  You still gonna be my dealer, Fez? 
  - You a f*cking trip, bruh. 
  - (RUE LAUGHS) 
  I'm too high to be having this conversation right now. 
  Yeah, man. 
  Me, too. 
  Me f*cking too. 
  (SIGHS) 
  - (MUFFLED MUSIC PLAYING) 
  - (NOISY CHATTERING) 
  Contacting the Rico I been on the block serving the people I see zombies all up in the peep hole I got two for one, yeah, that's a free throw I'm the pusha They callin' me Chico Know the pusha for real, the pusha for real Know the pusha for real, the pusha for real You know I got work All the fiends They been beggin' and looking for deals Know the pusha for real Know the pusha for real You talkin' 'bout cheffin', it's nothing you know I know pusha's for real Told 'em to hit me if you need some weight I know the pusha, yeah, I know the pusha Yeah, I know the pusha I told 'em hit me you need it today - (BREATHING HEAVILY) 
  - (GUY GROANING) 
  (KISSING, MOANING) 
  Yeah, that's real classy, you f*cking whore. 
  Suck my dick. 
  - (MADDY LAUGHS) 
  - CROWD: Ooh! 
  Yeah, I know the pusha (CLATTERING) 
  I know the pusha - (GLASS SHATTERING) 
  - (SHRIEKING) 
  Get the f*ck out of here! 
  Get the f*ck out of the kitchen! 
  f*ck! 
  (MUTTERS): Get out of here. 
  Get the f*ck out of here. 
  What the f*ck are you looking at? 
  NATE: Who are you? 
  - I'm Jules. 
  I'm a friend of - You're a friend of, uh A friend of whose? 
  'Cause you're not my f*cking friend. 
  Who the f*ck are you friends with, Jules? 
  Hmm? 
  Do you guys know who the f*ck this is? 
  Does anybody know who this is? 
  Does anybody know who the f*ck Jules is? 
  Anyone at all. 
  You, do you know who the f*ck Jules is? 
  (SUCKS AIR BETWEEN TEETH) 
  So, who are you? 
  I'm just minding my own business. 
  I'm not trying to start anything. 
  NATE: Well, no, you're not. 
  Nobody that looks like you is minding their own f*ckin' business. 
  I know what you are. 
  Yeah. 
  Yeah, I see you. 
  So what do you want, huh? 
  You want some, some f*cking attention? 
  'Cause I'll give you some f*cking attention. 
  Yo, is anybody here friends with Jules? 
  Anyone? 
  Does anybody know who the f*ck this bitch is? 
  Somebody better speak up, or this bitch is gonna get f*cked up! 
  - BOY: sh1t! 
  - (NATE CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY) 
  - You wanna f*cking hurt me? 
  - NATE: No, I was f*cking kidding! 
  Back the f*ck up! 
  What the f*ck is your problem? 
  Put the f*cking knife down, okay. 
  - It was a joke. 
  - You wanna f*cking hurt me? 
  - No, no, no - You have no f*cking idea! 
  (CROWD EXCLAIMS) 
  - JULES: See? 
  - You're psycho! 
  - JULES: I'm f*cking invincible! 
  - NATE: You're a f*cking freak. 
  What the f*ck? 
  (CROWD CHATTERING) 
  By the way, I'm Jules. 
  I just moved here. 
  RUE: I mean right? 
  Billy boy, big boy, want war Niggas hidin', "Knock, knock," through the door Shootin' out the window, bitch, on the floor Where the f*ck have you been? 
  You missed the craziest sh1t ever! 
  (WHISPERS): I just lost my virginity. 
  Bitch, are you f*cking serious? 
  With who? 
  This guy from St. 
  Mary's. 
  - How did you like it? 
  - It was nice. 
  Yeah. 
  Oh, my God. 
  My little slut. 
  I'm so proud of you! 
  Yo! 
  sh1t, uh - Are you okay? 
  - JULES: Uh, uh, yeah. 
  It's fine. 
  Guess I knew that was gonna get violent, and I didn't want a f*cking broken cheekbone or some sh1t. 
  Yeah, no, no, I totally, like, I get the logic behind it. 
  But it's still, like, f*cking insane. 
  (CHUCKLES) 
  - I'm Rue. 
  - I'm Jules. 
  Where are you headed to? 
  Home. 
  Probably. 
  Can I come with you? 
  - (DOOR CLOSES) 
  - (KEYS CLATTER) 
  Shh. 
  RUE: Let me see. 
  Oh. 
  Crawling down - (BANGING) 
  - Shh! 
  (WHISPERS): Sorry. 
  Sorry. 
  (JULES LAUGHS) 
  Baby, my heart and soul A giant in the room I left him long ago Following you Wind heavy on the ground A cloak before the moon I guess I've never known Someone like you Falling down From high hopes to the ground There's no way out Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh Baby, my heart and soul A giant in the room We took the walk alone  
 RUE: Remember when I said things got weird? 
  So yeah. 
  Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh I've got an idea. 
  What? 
  Wanna get high? 
  - Hey, hey, hey, snowflake 
- Snowflake 
- My pretty little snowflake 
- Snowflake Ooh, ooh, ooh, the change in the weather has made it better for me 
- Hey, hey, hey, snowflake 
- Snowflake 
- My pretty little snowflake 
- Snowflake You've got me warm as a fire With a burning desire for you Snow was falling when love came calling On this lonely heart of mine You were standing there with snowflakes in your hair You kept stalling while my thoughts were calling On every way I knew For one excuse to get acquainted with you 
- Then I said snowflake 
- Snowflake 
- My pretty little snowflake 
- Snowflake Ooh, ooh, ooh, the change in the weather Has made it better for me 
- Hey, hey, hey, snowflake 
- Snowflake 
- My pretty little snowflake 
- Snowflake You've got me warm as a fire With a burning desire for you The ice was breaking and love was waking In a winter wonderland When I felt you slip your fingers in my hand Now snow is gleaming and I'm not dreaming I know this is for real The love I have is too much to conceal 
- Hey, hey, hey, snowflake 
- Snowflake 
- My pretty little snowflake 
- Snowflake 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 