Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x14 - Episode 14 - Dickensian 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x14 - Episode 14 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=530&t=25044 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/04/16 17:01 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x14 - Episode 14 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Charley... 
 Yeah. 
 You take Mudgut Street. You two scout the chophouse. 
 And the rest of you cover the market. 
 Anyone lifts a wallet and I'll stand 'em an ale at the tap house. 
 Right, gents, let's to it. 
 ( Chatter and laughter ) 
 Bill. 
 Glad to see ya. 
 We must discuss terms. 
 Now it's me you'll be answering to. 
 Hmm. 
 Don't get too big for your britches, boy. 
 I'm takin' care of business till Fagin's back. 
 So... a bit more respect eh, Bill? 
 Fagin ain't coming back. 
 If you'd seen him, you'd know. 
 They got nothing. 
 He's just bidin' his time. 
 The only walk he's taking is three short steps and a long drop. 
 ( Water trickles ) 
 Hard as this may be to believe, Miss Nancy... not everyone thinks too highly of my profession. 
 And what makes you think I'm any different? 
 Nevertheless - I must now ask your assistance. I need a testimony. 
 I already said all I've got to say. 
 Or did you forget to write it down? 
 Not from you. 
 From Jack Dawkins. 
 Dodger? 
 Fagin has sworn under oath that the boy gave him the dead man's wallet. 
 You understand the implications. 
 You're lying. Fagin wouldn't... 
 There's no telling what a man will do in the shadow of the noose. 
 Dodger didn't kill Jacob Marley. I swear to it. 
 Then give me the means to prove his innocence. 
 Convince him that I'm trustworthy. 
 This family must be cursed. 
 Every week brings a fresh catastrophe. 
 Forgive me, Papa. I never meant... 
 I won't let you be disgraced. 
 She brought it on herself. 
 If she hadn't chosen to lie with him... 
 Oh, for heaven's sake, Frances! I've no wish to dwell on the details! 
 What if Sir Leicester learns of this? 
 After everything he's done for us. 
 He shall never hear of it. 
 Frances... 
 While I'm gone, I must rely on you to protect our family name - no matter what it takes. 
 Children : One... two... three... four... five... six... seven... eight... 
 Mm? 
 I'm afraid that's the last of it, Tim. 
 Don't worry, Pa. I'm completely cured. 
 ( Laughter ) 
 I never thought it'd be finished so quick. 
 How can we afford to replace it? 
 It's worked its magic already. 
 And I can bear him on my shoulders till his strength returns. 
 Children : Seven... eight... nine... ten. 
 You have to deliver this directly into the hands of Captain Hawdon. 
 Miss Barbary! Out of bed? What if you should catch a chill? 
 In! 
 Have you no thought for that tiny life that even now is quickening inside you? 
 I came toot sweet, dearie. Just as you asked. 
 An elephant... 
 And they say you can ride on his back for a penny! 
 Oh, Peter, I can't think of anything in the world more exciting. 
 Then we must go. 
 I'll take you. 
 Now that you've examined her, could you tell us how we might best be rid of the problem? 
 Frances?! 
 No, I'm afraid there's nothing more to be done now, dearie. 
 You needed to have come to me months ago. 
 She's riper than a strawberry in August. 
 Months ago? 
 I had no idea. I swear. 
 Did you not feel the changes? 
 Well, I took them to be the symptoms of grief. 
 How could I have known that instead they might be... something so wonderful? 
 Each member of the board must be severally convinced that you are a kindred spirit. 
 Therefore, you must be, by turns, a devout Christian, a stickler for cleanliness - 
 Cleanliness next to godliness. I shan't likely forget that. 
 ( He chuckles ) 
 Are you quite sure this suit's not a tad snug, dear one? 
 Your suit's the least of our concerns. 
 I'd sooner worry about how you hope to convince Mr Gradgrind that you have the slightest capacity for discipline. 
 Only if needs be. I will raise my voice to demonstrate just how fearsome I can be. 
 There is but one lady on the board and she is a known humanitarian. 
 I've never even heard of such a thing. Whatever can it be? 
 You will make a complete success of this interview, Bumble. 
 There's no-one here. Who'd you say we was meeting? 
 You set me up. 
 Dodger, you've nothing to fear. Just tell the inspector the truth. 
 I wish only to talk, Mr Dawkins. 
 No. Don't run. 
 Dodger. 
 This is exactly what I had hoped to avoid! 
 Jack Dawkins, you're under arrest for the murder of Jacob Marley. 
 No. No! You said... 
 We have him with the dead man's wallet in his possession and now he's trying to run from the law. 
 You must see he's left us no choice. 
 But if he plays along, if he does what I need him to, I'll have him free by tea-time. You have my word on it. 
 "The Dodger came in and gave me the wallet. He wouldn't say how he came by it, but I remember he seemed out of sorts and agitated." 
 You think I'm that green? 
 Fagin's the last man on Earth who'd peach on one of his own. 
 He'd sooner hang. 
 So... you might as well just let me walk. 
 In the drawing room, sir. 
 You discard me, you refuse to meet me, however much I beg. 
 Now out of the blue you demand my presence at a moment's notice. 
 James... I'm with child. 
 ( Clatter ) 
 This is no place for an old man, Inspector. 
 The damp's playing havoc with my constitution. 
 I'll have a word with housekeeping. Have 'em light you a fire. 
 P'raps they can bring you a capon and a glass of sherry while they're at it. 
 Charge me or let me go! 
 Else I fear this will be the ruin of you. 
 On the contrary. I have Jacob Marley's murderer in custody. 
 I'm the man of the hour. 
 There's no blood on these hands! 
 The evidence against you is overwhelming. 
 Doubtless at this very moment there are magistrates fighting for the chance to sentence you... 
 How many times must I tell you?! The wallet came from Dodger. 
 DODGER! Why don't you save your threats for him?! 
 ( They giggle ) 
 Why, it's Aunt Frances. 
 Is this not the most tremendous news? 
 You believe you can support a wife and child on a soldier's salary? 
 Since last we met, I've finally had a chance to meet with our colonel. 
 He believes a commission will be mine before long. 
 Whatever you think of me, I'm not a man to shirk his responsibilities. 
 God's bestowed on me a gift beyond anything I had dared hope for. 
 And I shall dedicate my life to proving myself worthy. 
 You shall remain upstairs, out of sight, while I make arrangements for you to stay in the country. 
 And you, Captain, will keep your distance until the child is born. 
 When we can find a willing minister. 
 Thank you, sister. 
 I thought he was blind with gin. 
 I just swiped his wallet. 
 I never done him in. 
 ( Distant shrieks ) 
 But you see how it looks? 
 So if you have even the slightest notion of who killed Jacob Marley... now is the moment to share it. 
 A peach is the lowest thing there is - lower 'n a peeler, even. 
 Let me be clear. 
 We have you at the scene of the crime, your hands in the dead man's pockets. 
 So unless you can offer proof that it was someone else... 
 Damned if I do... 
 For God's sake! 
 He offered you up without a second's hesitation. 
 Can you not see? 
 If you do not speak up now, you will hang! 
 I hope you're not trying to sneak a peek at the dress? 
 It's not bad luck if you accidently see it, is it? 
 Why, if it isn't the happy couple. 
 What a fine pair you make. 
 I'm deliriously happy for you. 
 Who did this to you? 
 You did. 
 How can I be happy while he walks the streets in such a state? 
 This has gone far enough. Let me talk to him. 
 You ever spent a night in that place? 
 The cells are in a basement, tiny windows, iron bars and 20 peelers guarding him. He ain't getting out of there. 
 Not alive, anyway. 
 Please, Bill. He's just a boy. 
 He's happy enough to play a man when it suits him. 
 You don't understand. 
 If anything happens to him, I'll never forgive myself. 
 What've you done, gal? 
 They say you've arrested a man, Inspector? 
 A man? I heard tell it were a child. 
 Face of an angel, they say. 
 The heart of a devil. 
 Man or boy, he will hang just the same! 
 A noose for him. 
 I'd ask you all to refrain from speculation. 
 A boy? 
 Nothing is yet certain. We're still reviewing suspects. 
 No-one had a thought for the man while he breathed, now he's all anyone can speak of. 
 I can assure you, dearie, I am a very paragraph of discretion! 
 Well, you plainly keep the company of those who delight in others' misfortunes. 
 And by all accounts, it takes but a little gin to loosen your tongue. 
 As a matter of fact, dearie, I have found that gin renders me almost a mute. 
 Shame it come at such a price. 
 One guinea. 
 Two. 
 Our name shall never pass your lips again. 
 ( He winces ) 
 
 
 
 Hold your nerve, that's what you said. Just a few weeks more. 
 Nothing's worth this. Look at you. 
 Will you please tell me who's responsible. 
 I was set upon for the few miserable pennies in my wallet. 
 This is what happens when a gentleman is forced to live in a slum... 
 For the love of God, man, I have done only what you asked of me. Everything has been for you. 
 But this path we're on can only lead to further suffering. 
 I will have my money. 
 I believe... we have underestimated your sister. 
 She's a woman of rare intelligence and integrity. 
 I doubt I'll be able to prise more than the tiniest fraction of her fortune from her. 
 You're admitting defeat? 
 I'm asking you to let me end this charade right now. 
 And what of the debts I've incurred in your name? 
 If I can persuade Amelia to buy your share in the brewery - pay twice what it's worth, even. 
 I'm sure she would be amenable to the idea if it meant saving you from this. 
 You could settle all your debts. 
 Raise yourself out of the gutter. 
 Return yourself to the life you deserve - the life of a gentleman. 
 Just say the word and we can end this right now. Today. 
 I'd suggest the boy might use a crutch. 
 I've seen 'em work miracles, Mr Cratchit. 
 Children are adaptable little blighters. 
 Couple of days, he'll forget he's even got it. 
 Be running around like a, like a three-legged dog. 
 A-and what would the price be? 
 Oh, only need be a small one. 
 I could make it, er, for five shillings. 
 I see. 
 Well. I'll... I-I shall give it some thought, Mr Venus. 
 Mr Cratchit. 
 Inspector. I, I was just... 
 Something's weighing heavy on those shoulders, if I'm not much mistook. 
 I understand you have a young boy in your custody. 
 I need a moment alone with him. 
 Beg your pardon, Rev'rend, but Inspector's orders are... 
 You have his body in this life. 
 Might I not have his soul in the next? 
 Save your breath, Rev'rend. Me and Jesus ain't exactly boon companions. 
 Mark my words. A hellfire is coming. 
 And I am your only hope of salvation. 
 I must ask, Mr Bucket. 
 Surely your modus operandi is to prove men's guilt, not their innocence? 
 You reckon without the stubbornness of a 12-year-old pickpocket. 
 Forgive me, but before today I'd never known your judgment to be based on anything OTHER than hard evidence. 
 You believe I'm letting myself be blinded by sentiment? 
 Of course, you'd rather Fagin was the guilty one. 
 That boy did not kill Marley. I know it in my bones! 
 Yes, but when you observe the facts with detachment? 
 I will not send a child to the gallows! 
 The dead man caught the boy stealing his wallet. 
 There was a struggle. 
 The boy tried to defend himself. 
 He lashed out. 
 ( Bucket sighs ) 
 ( Water drips ) 
 I did everything just as you asked. 
 To the letter. 
 So I have your assurance our deal stands? 
 If the Bishop were to hear of my association with Miss Nancy... 
 You ever lay a finger on Nancy again, I'll cut your throat. 
 FIRE! 
 FIRE! FIRE! 
 ( Banging ) 
 FIRE! 
 Come on, Dawkins. You can do better than that. 
 Fire, indeed! 
 I wonder if you might assist me, officer. 
 Erm, a few months ago, I spent a night in the company of one of your boys and... well, there's a... private matter... we need to discuss. 
 I can't recall his name, but I'll know him when I see him. 
 Oh, forgive me... I'm feeling a little... 
 Oh! 
 ( Commotion ) 
 ( Coughing ) 
 What...! 
 Shhh. 
 Oh, I am so hot. 
 Here you go, madam. 
 Thanks. 
 You OK? 
 That's him! Yeah, I'd know those mutton chops anywhere. 
 Come here, you! Look at me! Look at what you've done to me!!! 
 Now, get off me! Let me at him! 
 Let me at him! 
 ( He hesitates ) 
 And if we were to appoint you to the position... what would your first priority be? 
 Indeed... that is the question, is it not, Mr Gradgrind? 
 Er, er... 
 ( He clears throat ) 
 It is true to say - heretofore I have been known as a very Christian soul. 
 ( He chuckles ) 
 Indeed, I doubt there is a man alive as devoted to Christ as I. 
 ( He clears throat ) 
 Saving your grace, of course. 
 ( Scratching ) 
 And I am clean too. 
 Oh, but I am clean! 
 My dear wife will attest to that. 
 I have been known to take two baths in the same month... and I will scrub the place until no trace of a stink remains. 
 Not that I'm suggesting that it stinks now, Major, er, General Bagstock but, but should a stink arise... I will, I will be ferocious in my discipline! 
 I will flog every single boy in my charge - on the hour, if needs be! 
 I will strike the fear of God into every heart! 
 ( Cloth rips ) 
 And I... I trust it goes without saying... 
 Thank you, Mr Bumble. 
 I don't believe we need to hear any more. 
 I begged him to let me pay off his creditors, but, well... 
 You know how proud your brother can be. 
 I just don't understand how he's run up such a debt. 
 What of his salary from the brewery? 
 A drop in the ocean. 
 I'm afraid the only way he'll settle his debts is if he sells his share in the brewery altogether. 
 But how can we let any part of your father's legacy leave the family? 
 What if I were to buy his share? 
 It's a typically generous thought. 
 But... well, I can't see him agreeing to it. 
 The current value of his share is still only a fraction of what he'd hoped to inherit, so... 
 ( He sighs ) 
 ...unless you're willing to pay twice what it's worth... 
 I think you gentlemen had better leave the building. Come on, then. 
 Come on! 
 Where is he? Where's the boy? 
 Gone, Sir. 
 Well, I've realised that - anyway, the thing is, Nell, I just can't afford... 
 Afford what? 
 The time. 
 I'm just too busy at the forge to see you any more. 
 What's changed? I don't understand. This morning everything seemed - 
 It's better this way. Trust me. I'm sorry. 
 Dodger, get over here, boy. 
 ( Distant police whistles ) 
 I'd've left you there. It's her you owe your liberty to. 
 You can't trust Fagin. 
 You know what he said about you? 
 He said you was a wild dog. 
 That he had to keep you tight on a leash or you'd sink your teeth in him. 
 Did he now? 
 He's got you all wrong though, Bill, ain't he? 
 He's got us both wrong. 
 ( Shouts and whistles outside ) 
 Come on, we've got to scarper. 
 How'd you like to know where Fagin keeps his cash? 
 Did a boy run down here? 
 Forgive me for calling unannounced but your note postponing our dinner gave no reason. 
 Alas, Sir Leicester, I'm afraid Miss Honoria has been called away to the country. 
 A beloved aunt has been taken ill all of a sudden. 
 I'm most sorry to hear that. I trust it's not serious? 
 I am afraid Honoria will be gone a few months at least. 
 I must tell you, though, she was most disappointed not to see you before she left. 
 And she expressly asked to be kept in your thoughts. 
 Ah, er, funny thing, Mr Cratchit. 
 No sooner had you left, I remembered... 
 I had this lying around. 
 It was a can celled order. 
 Oh, I must give you something for it. 
 No, I shall be glad to see it used. 
 Oh thank you, thank you. 
 ( Venus chuckles ) 
 I do believe it's the perfect size. 
 I urge you once more to reconsider. 
 Your valuation is absurdly high. 
 If I need your advice about legal matters, Mr Jaggers, then I will consult you. 
 And whose advice led you to this? 
 I trust my own counsel, thank you, sir. 
 I do hope so. 
 Amelia... 
 Arthur. 
 Mr Compeyson? A word. 
 Let her down gently. 
 Whatever do you mean? We're about to be married. 
 You said this would be the end of it. 
 It is. 
 For you. 
 ( Shouts and whistles ) 
 Come on, down here! 
 ( Police shout ) 
 Right. 
 Don't forget - the bottom step, loose board. 
 There's two lead strongboxes. 
 All right... 
 Listen, it ain't much... 
 What's this?! 
 You run. You keep on running. 
 And you NEVER come back. 
 Now go! Go! 
 ( Dodger grunts ) 
 ( Police whistles ) 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 