Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x08 - Episode 8 - Dickensian 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x08 - Episode 8 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=530&t=24674 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/14/16 03:37 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x08 - Episode 8 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 ( Door rattles ) 
 Havisham? 
 ( Knock on door ) 
 Havisham? 
 ( Repeated knocking ) 
 Arthur! 
 I know you're there! 
 ( Receding footsteps ) 
 You're going to need new breeches if we're going to impress Mr Gradgrind when he comes over for dinner next week. 
 Yes, dear. 
 You know, Bumble... life sometimes deals us such cruel blows. 
 Surely we two hard-working good Christian souls deserve better. 
 Our reward will be in Heaven, my sweet. 
 If you manage to persuade Mr Gradgrind that you are worthy of promotion, you might find reward enough here on Earth. 
 ( Door opens ) 
 Is Mr Barbary at home, miss? 
 He's gone to church with my sister. Can I give him a message? 
 No message. 
 Thank you. 
 Oh, James! What happened? 
 I walked into a fist. 
 Mr Wegg! 
 I'm glad I caught you. 
 You can make a donation to the local ragged school. 
 About the same amount as the cost of a crate of brandy. 
 Four sovs? Daylight robbery. 
 There you are, then. Like for like. 
 Silas. 
 ( He snorts ) 
 Oh! Someone got out of bed the wrong side this morning. 
 Someone wishes he hadn't got out of bed at all. 
 Sore? 
 Not as sore as the chap who lost. 
 I took him for every penny. 
 Well, I was going to ask you to meet Father, but you can't see him like this! 
 He'll think the man I'm going to marry is a gambling, drunken street-fighter. 
 This man sounds like a terrible influence. 
 I don't know why you stay with him. 
 The thought had crossed my mind, several times. 
 He's unreliable... he's unpredictable... 
 ...unashamed... 
 ( Gasps ) 
 I'll see you after Bible class. 
 A wonderful service as always, Vicar. 
 I do so enjoy a rousing ♪ All things bright and beau... ♪ 
 ( Ripping ) 
 You know what this means, don't you? 
 A new waistcoat? 
 A thinner Bumble. 
 Until the dinner with Mr Gradgrind, not a piece of pie, a crumb of cake or a morsel of muffin shall pass your lips. 
 It was a lovely service. 
 Thank you so much. 
 Compeyson! 
 Bucket! 
 Miss Havisham. 
 You recovered after last night? 
 Yes, thank you. 
 Recovered from what? 
 I'm afraid I persuaded your cousin to drink more than perhaps he should have. 
 You were drunk?! 
 A little. 
 My fault entirely. 
 You hardly put a pistol to my head. 
 Perhaps Mr Compeyson could join us for Sunday lunch. 
 If it suits him. 
 And Arthur, of course. 
 If you can rouse him. 
 He was dead to the world when I called earlier. 
 You, cousin, drunk? 
 I had no idea you had it in you. 
 I am a man of many secrets and hidden depths. 
 Dear Matthew, you're far too honest to conceal anything from anyone. 
 I do apologise for this intrusion on the Sabbath, sir. 
 Inspector Bucket of the Detective. 
 I saw you in church - or rather, heard you. 
 You're a fine baritone, Inspector. 
 Oh, bless you, sir. 
 And you're an excellent tenor - 
 I dare say I'm not the first to pass comment on it. 
 Well, now that you mention it, no. 
 Good for the soul, singing. 
 Don't you find? 
 Indeed. 
 Forgive me for admiring this portrait, Mr Barbary. 
 Most impressive. 
 Tell me, the flower in the lady's brooch - would it be a geranium? 
 My late wife's favourite. 
 I'm no horticulturalist myself, but Mrs Bucket is a keen gardener. 
 You wear something similar, if I'm not mistaken. 
 A badge, yes. 
 Why do you ask? 
 A gentleman wearing such an item and matching your description was seen down by the dockside on Christmas Eve. 
 The night Jacob Marley was murdered. 
 A witness saw you having an altercation with the murder victim - a man you owed money to. 
 Mr Marley had his wallet stolen, and only two days later, Mr Scrooge has confirmed, you paid off part of your debt. 
 Perhaps you could tell me where you found the money that enabled you to do this. 
 ( Background hubbub ) 
 Such was my financial desperation, I was forced to sell my late wife's engagement ring. 
 I burn with the shame of my betrayal of her. 
 I used the money from the sale to pay off part of my debt. 
 This debt was the cause of your altercation with Mr Marley? 
 He increased the interest on it threefold as a penalty for a late payment. 
 He appeared to take great pleasure in my plight, which... angered me. 
 What time would this be? 
 Possibly... eight or nine o'clock. 
 You can't be more precise? 
 No, I'm afraid I can't. 
 The ring. 
 Who did you sell it to? 
 I'd heard about this nefarious character operating at the docks. 
 He certainly lived down to his reputation - arch, obsequious, avaricious. 
 'Typical of his type, I imagine.' 
 Nancy how much you want for her? 
 Depends how much you're attached to her. 
 I'd say a great deal, what with taking her for a picnic and suchlike. 
 There's £5 there. 
 Very droll, Bill, very droll. 
 50. 
 Devil take you, Fagin! 
 Cos if he don't, I will. 
 I only have Nancy's best interests at heart. 
 That is my offer. Take it or leave it. 
 ( Door slams ) 
 Father? 
 What's happened? 
 Diamond cluster. Very nice piece, as I recall. 
 Then what happened? 
 He went his way, I went mine. 
 You told me you came straight here from the pub. 
 You made no mention of meeting anyone at the docks that night. 
 Why should I? It was just a bit of business. 
 A bit of business where a murder happened to take place. 
 And you were there. 
 Coincidence, Inspector. 
 Nothing more, nothing less. 
 ( Footsteps approach ) 
 ( Knock at door ) 
 Arthur? 
 ( Door opens ) 
 Cousin, thank God it's you! 
 Who were you expecting? 
 Where are you going? 
 I don't know. Anywhere. 
 As far away from here as possible. 
 Why?! 
 Whispers : I've made a dreadful mistake! 
 It's all a mess, it's all a complete mess! 
 What is? 
 I've got myself into a situation with someone... 
 ...that I can't see a way out of. 
 Well, with whom? Do you want me to speak to this person? 
 No. You don't know what he's like. > 
 He's a monster. > 
 The devil! > 
 Who is? 
 A name, Arthur. What's his name? 
 It's... 
 Bucket! 
 I didn't know you were here. 
 I see you've had better luck in waking Arthur than I did. 
 Good God, man, you look terrible. 
 Arthur's in a spot of trouble, Compeyson. With whom, Arthur? 
 Oh, no. 
 Don't tell me, is it that fiend of a moneylender? 
 Scrooge, that was it. 
 My dear Arthur. What did I tell you, hmm? 
 Never get involved with these people. 
 Allow me to settle your debt. Whatever it takes. 
 Well, that's very decent of you, Compeyson. 
 Isn't it, Arthur? 
 I've asked Compeyson to Satis House for Sunday lunch. 
 Please say you'll join us. 
 Amelia would love to see you, and then perhaps you can get this dreadful character out of your mind. 
 Excellent idea. 
 Wouldn't you say? 
 Yes. Excellent. 
 Lunch at one. 
 Of course. 
 How quickly you forget how low you were when your father's will was read. 
 The day will come when you can't thank me enough. 
 You stand to profit, too. 
 I'm not the one who's desperate to claw back his dignity, though. Am I? 
 Am I? 
 Just remember... I know your secret. 
 ( Knocking at door ) 
 ( Exasperated sigh ) 
 Oh! 
 Oh, bless us and save us, Inspector, you scared the wits out of me. 
 I hadn't realised my appearance was so unsettling. 
 Well, with a murderer on the loose, I'm a bundle of nerves, see? 
 Perhaps you need something to steady you. 
 Yeah. Catching the killer, that'd do it. 
 We're doing everything we can, I assure you. 
 Yeah. Well, in the meantime, I'm going to take your advice and make do with a shot of gin. 
 Yoo-hoo! Silas? 
 You got no home to go to, Mrs Gamp? We're closed. 
 I come to see about that leg of yourn. 
 And I don't want to spend any more time at home than I have to. 
 I don't feel safe there any more. 
 Last night, I lay awake all night long, and I said to myself, "Sairey, you know what you should do? You should take a leaf out of Silas's book." 
 What leaf? 
 Well, here you are, cool as a cowcumber, and not a care that you're disposed to vulnerability, all on your own, all night long. 
 Just like me! 
 I've managed alone all these years, so no reason I shan't continue in the same manner. 
 Well, I hope you do, dearie. 
 And I hope the same fate don't befall you as befell some poor wretch only the other day. 
 What fate? 
 Oh! 
 I might need a Dutch courage to tell such a tale. 
 Better make it a double Dutch. 
 
 
 
 ( Man shouting, dog barking ) 
 Jip! Stop that! 
 Mary, could you take him? 
 ( Jip growls ) 
 If only he could talk, he may explain why he barks at the man who rescued him. 
 If only. 
 To Mr Compeyson, without whom some of us literally wouldn't be here. 
 Mr Compeyson. 
 There's someone else I'd like to toast. 
 Someone who's unaware how much he means to me, because I tell him all too rarely. 
 So I'd like to tell him now that I'm proud to have him back here at Satis House. 
 As it should be. 
 As I hope it always will be. 
 To Arthur. 
 To Arthur. 
 ( Barking ) 
 Now, that you've spoken with Mr Fagin, I trust this is the end of the matter? 
 I'm afraid not, sir. Although... 
 ( Door opens ) 
 Papa? 
 My daughter is fully aware of the situation, Inspector. 
 I wish nothing else to be kept from her. Please, continue. 
 Very well, sir. 
 Although Mr Fagin has confirmed what you've told me, he's hardly a reliable witness. 
 Would you say that I'm a reliable witness, Inspector? 
 What proof do you need to persuade you of my father's innocence? 
 Something that places him here between half past nine and ten o'clock on Christmas Eve. 
 Some carol singers came to the door. 
 I didn't want to encourage them, but Father insisted on giving them money. 
 You seem like a good Christian young lady, Miss Barbary, but forgive me - while I was at Mr Fagin's, you could have entered this information in order to corroborate your father's story. 
 But the ink is bone dry. 
 Faded exactly as the other entries. 
 Perhaps you could speak to the carol singers. 
 They're from the local Sunday school. They'll vouch for him. 
 I may just do that, miss. 
 ( Door closes ) 
 My dear Frances. 
 If ever I accuse you again of parsimony, you have my full permission to chastise me. 
 You've hardly said a word since you arrived. 
 Arthur, please. I thought we were friends again. 
 ( Compeyson laughs ) 
 I believe you've come to know Mr Compeyson quite well. 
 Well enough, from the few times our paths have crossed. 
 Why? 
 Can I trust his interest in the brewery is genuine? 
 He's told me... he sees it as a great opportunity. 
 So I'd be foolish to spurn him. 
 Arthur. 
 I can trust him? 
 Completely. 
 These are based on initial ideas Amelia and I have discussed. 
 If you'd cast a look... 
 Impressive. 
 Glad you think so. 
 I meant your act. 
 Act? I don't follow. 
 It's not the brewery you're interested in. 
 It's Miss Havisham. 
 You're in love with her. 
 Forgive me, Pocket. I didn't mean to embarrass you. 
 Is it so obvious? 
 To me it is. Not to her. 
 No matter how many rooftops you risk your life leaping across, she sees you as nothing more than... her little dog. 
 The loyal, faithful friend. 
 But... 
 ...it can change. 
 You can change it. 
 How? 
 Who is it she's looked up to most in her life? 
 Her father. 
 And was it not his intention for you to travel the world? 
 Become a self-made man? 
 It was. 
 Then become that man. 
 Go to America. Make your fortune, prove yourself to her. 
 You'll return as a man who has worked his way up from nothing to become a success in his own right. Then... 
 ...will she see you as so much more than "good old Cousin Matthew". 
 This poor fella, struck with a misfortune like yourself, is on his way upstairs to retire to bed when he slips and falls to the bottom. 
 Slam! Goes his head on the floor. 
 More a tale of misfortune than a tale of horror. 
 Oh, no, Silas. No, that weren't the end of it. 
 He lays there all night long, helpless as a baby. 
 Next morning, he comes round to find he's only got half his face left. 
 The other half has been gnawed away by rats. 
 And it was his good half and all! 
 No rats here, Mrs Gamp, so I'm safe as houses. 
 That's what this fella thought! 
 Rats are everywhere. Every crook and nanny. 
 Look, see? One watching us now. 
 Course... if you had a companion residing here, someone to watch over you, nurse you, feed you, such a terrible fate you wouldn't likely meet. 
 Well. 
 Mmm. 
 Now, my nerves are settled, I'll say ta-ta, dearie. 
 Sleep well. 
 Here you are. 
 Been looking for you everywhere. 
 Arthur's still annoyed with me, I can tell. 
 But at least he came, which seemed impossible a matter of weeks ago. 
 Thanks to you. 
 Amelia, I have to... 
 No, I... 
 Let me say this. 
 I'm so happy you've agreed to help, Matthew. 
 Father always used to say you were the most loyal member of the family, and you've proved it. 
 ( Jip pants ) 
 How blessed I am to have two of the most faithful companions in the whole world! 
 Amelia... 
 ...I hope you can find it in your heart to forgive me for what I'm about to say. 
 I've decided to keep to my original plan to travel. 
 I don't understand. 
 I'm so sorry. 
 But we've made plans for the brewery. 
 You were so full of enthusiasm, and now you're leaving. 
 It is, after all, what your father intended for me. 
 Oh, I know, but even so... 
 If I can be half the man he was, then I'd be happy. Making something of myself in America is the only way I can hope to achieve that. 
 Trust me. 
 I'll return a better man. 
 A richer man. 
 A man who I hope one day will prove worthy of your respect. 
 ( He grunts ) 
 ( Scratching ) 
 ( Scratching ) 
 ( She squeaks ) 
 ( Footsteps recede ) 
 ( Snoring ) 
 ( Snoring ) 
 Mmm. Mmm! 
 What are you doing? 
 Removing the threat to our plan. 
 Aah! 
 Mr Compeyson! I'm mortified! 
 Oh, I'm fine, really. 
 Should I fetch a doctor? 
 I really am all right, Miss Havisham. 
 Besides, we don't want to make Pocket miss his train. 
 Oh, I almost forgot. 
 Your father gave this to me when I was nine. 
 He said it would bring me good luck. 
 No, I couldn't. 
 No, keep it. 
 Until I return. 
 And then, perhaps, it will bring both of us luck. 
 Go home, Arthur. 
 Where you belong. 
 For me? 
 Be assured, Pocket, I shall take great care of her. 
 You don't have to go, Arthur. 
 Now, that we're alone, Miss Havisham... 
 Your cousin asked me to keep a protective eye on you in his absence. 
 I'm sure he meant well, Mr Compeyson. 
 But I assure you, I require no such protection. 
 ( He laughs ) 
 That's precisely what I told him. 
 Forgive the late hour, Mr Barbary. 
 I was about to retire. 
 Unless you'd care for a nightcap. 
 Thank you, no. 
 Though you may need a stiff drink when you learn why I'm here. 
 I've just received word from the agent. 
 It seems the ship left, but without your stock. 
 What? 
 The administrators came on board as she was about to sail, and seized it. 
 All of it? 
 Every single roll of silk, cotton and hemp. 
 There's nothing left. 
 ( Door opens ) 
 I can't seem to find Jip, miss. 
 I've searched everywhere. 
 Well, look again! I'll come with you. 
 ( Jip whines ) 
 ( Water laps ) 
 ( Splash ) 
 And then there were none. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 