Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x04 - Episode 4 - Dickensian 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x04 - Episode 4 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=530&t=24392 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/28/15 05:51 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x04 - Episode 4 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 ( Laughter ) 
 This had better be worth waking me for. 
 Mr Jaggers said I was to put it direct in your hand and leave nothing to chance, sir. 
 Boy? 
 Yes! 
 It means nothing to you, does it? The ruinous state our family is in. 
 Of course it does, but Papa assures me that there is a way through. And of course, you believe him, because then you may continue to dance through life, unencumbered by bitter realities. 
 Honoria? 
 I trust Papa. 
 ( Door opens ) 
 ( Door shuts ) 
 You have made me look like a liar, Papa. 
 We shall be cold for the rest of the week, then. 
 I will reverse our fortunes. 
 And in the meantime, we shall all wrap ourselves in blankets and tell each other that there is nothing to worry about! 
 Scraping, like a miser? 
 Scraping, scraping, scraping!! 
 You could have been married, Frances, and far away from this. 
 You chose to break your engagement and now you are here - a mouth to feed! 
 So maybe, it is you that's the problem. 
 ( Bucket's back cricks ) 
 ( He groans ) 
 ( Clock ticks ) 
 ( Clock strikes the hour ) 
 Mr Scrooge sir, it is nearly time. 
 Every second has value, Cratchit. 
 ( Clock strikes ) 
 NOW it's time. 
 ( Church bell tolls ) 
 ( Pallbearers cough ) 
 Nothing but good mahogany can keep in the stench of a putrefying corpse and Marley left no provision for such a coffin. 
 Jacob Marley left no provision for a coffin at all, or, indeed, any funeral. 
 It's the common pit for him, I'm afraid. 
 Well, then. There's an end to it. 
 Mr Scrooge, sir, are we not going along, to say a few words? 
 Rest in peace, amen. 
 Oh, Mr Cratchit, sir? Oh, John. 
 There is no need for "sir" or "Mr Cratchit". 
 I told you, "Mr C" or "Bob". I prefer "Bob". 
 I was hoping to have a talk with you, sir - Bob, before tomorrow. 
 Getting cold feet about the wedding? 
 No! No, sir, my feet is blazin' hot! My feet is a furnace! 
 I just thought - man to man, just us two - I could buy you an ale, sir, Cratchit, mister? 
 That's a splendid idea, John... Cratchit! ..but not right now. 
 Another time. 
 (Stone me...) 
 Your order, sir. 
 Thank you. 
 You're a fine cook, madam. 
 Thank you, sir. 
 Can't show 'em your fear, the law. 
 Cos they'll twist you - twist your words, twist it all. 
 That's what they do. 
 No fear. 
 She'll be late. Don't be late. Go. Go! 
 Be easy in yourself and in your manner - but not too easy. 
 Helping the law without helping them, hm? Go. 
 No fear, Nancy. 
 Don't give 'em nothing! 
 Champagne and Cognac for the Havisham party. 
 I'll take that. 
 What do you think? 
 It's beautiful, Honoria. 
 Isn't it perfect? You will look so lovely tonight. 
 Mary told me you were awake all night - again. 
 I've only had a few days to learn everything I can about the brewery. 
 And now, I have it all, up here. 
 So, if the shareholders want to question me about hops, or malt, or harvest, or import costs, or distillation, I can give them chapter and verse. It's a party, Amelia. 
 No-one's going to want to talk to you about hops. 
 No-one's judging you. 
 I'm a woman in a man's world. Of course they'll be judging me. 
 And Father, too. 
 They'll think he'd lost his mind, leaving the daughter in charge. 
 But I will not have that. Well, why shouldn't you be in charge? 
 A woman rules our country, our whole Empire. 
 Think of her, Queen Amelia! 
 ( They giggle ) 
 That's better. Come on, I'll walk with you. 
 Come along, Jip. 
 I don't break bread with bluebottles. 
 How did that happen? 
 Oh, Marley did it. 
 Why? 
 Well, why does any rich man hit a poor woman? 
 Because he wants to, and he knows he'll get away with it. 
 Come, now. 
 A man doesn't hit a woman for no reason. 
 You don't know men the way I do. 
 Miss Nancy, you were the last to see Jacob Marley alive. 
 No, that'd be his killer. 
 One of the last. What did you talk about? 
 Well, I weren't there for conversing with, was I? 
 Mr Fagin wouldn't be happy with this now, would he? 
 Being your protector. 
 This ain't nothing special. 
 Our lives are different from yours. 
 Well, Mr Sikes would be upset. 
 Him being your young man and a hothead. 
 Bill dropped me home, then went out drinking. 
 I didn't ask you where he went. 
 Have you been tutored in your answers? 
 You think Mr Sikes could kill a man? 
 You pin this on Bill to get an easy result, you'll be missing the real felon. 
 I'm not pinning anything on anyone. That is not my way. 
 I just want the truth. 
 You can trust me. 
 You don't believe me? 
 Right, Marley dies, and here's you, with your books and your maps and your questions, but girls like me are found dead every day and who cares? 
 I've no cause to believe or trust the law. 
 I'm going to be the one to change that, miss. 
 Is there something you want to say? 
 No-one's listening. It's just me and you. 
 So, if there's something you want to say... 
 There ain't nothing. I'm done. 
 Take the pie. 
 Eat it at your leisure. 
 And he ain't my young man - Mr Sikes. 
 I don't have a young man. 
 I just have a lot of old ones. 
 ( Knocks at door ) 
 Just one piece of cake? The gallery at Greenwich? 
 No, we shall faint... Very well. 
 Miss Barbary? 
 Miss Frances. 
 Sir Leicester. 
 What a surprise! 
 This sounds important, Jaggers. 
 It is. Let me guess - the shareholders refuse to trust my sister with their money, as I told you they would. 
 I am ready to take my rightful place. 
 Arthur, the New Year reception is going ahead and I would very much like you to be there. 
 Oh, of course you would. 
 But my absence will scream. 
 You think anyone will invest in a woman? 
 In you? 
 If you have a brewery at all within six months, I will be surprised, and you will have no-one except yourself to blame! 
 I wonder if you might allow us some privacy? 
 Now, you are going to give me a talk. 
 But what can she do? 
 Take away my meagre 10%? 
 It is guaranteed to me, she has no leverage. 
 You're quite correct. Your sister cannot take away your money. 
 Exactly. I can. 
 Your father's will. 
 I urge you to read the codicil. 
 Should you behave in a way that is damaging to the property - by which is meant the business - 
 I am empowered to take away the means by which you live and cede them to your sister. 
 All monies. 
 You see his signature. 
 You forced him to this! 
 No, your father was never forced into anything. 
 You will attend the reception. You will stand by your sister. 
 You will act in a manner appropriate to your name and status. 
 ...Or you'll cut me off without a penny? 
 Let me go destitute? 
 Or I will exercise the codicil. 
 Get yourself cleaned up. 
 Wash out your mouth. 
 You stink of brandy and it is not yet ten of the clock. 
 ( Door slams ) 
 
 
 
 He'll do as he's told. 
 Really? Did you say that? Tell me everything. 
 I have charge of them for the day. 
 I had intended the Gallery at Greenwich. It's fascinating. 
 But they have no interest in our naval history. 
 Pester me instead for cakes and hats. 
 They are lucky girls to have such a benevolent uncle. 
 You are much missed from the county, Miss Barbary. 
 I was most distressed when I learned you were not to be a permanent neighbour. 
 For a man to make promises of matrimony, then to break them? 
 I have shunned him completely from my house and company. 
 Sir Leicester, I have told my family it was I who broke off the engagement. 
 I couldn't bear for them to know the truth. 
 I... I would never dream... 
 No, never. 
 Well, the blasted fool would have made a sorry excuse for a husband. 
 But a lady like yourself, my dear Miss Barbary, why, any man would be proud to call you his wife. 
 Be comforted. 
 If you are free tomorrow, Sir Leicester, perhaps you'd like to come for tea? 
 It would be my very great pleasure, Miss Barbary. 
 Are you mad? The Havisham party is far too public. 
 We cannot be seen together. I forbid it. 
 No, no, Arthur. The reception is the perfect opportunity. 
 Get me an invitation, I'll be... Who do you think you are?! 
 Damn you! 
 You do not give me orders! I am master here! 
 Know your place! 
 Well, my dear? 
 Well, nothing. 
 I told him nothing, he got nothing. 
 Who's this from? 
 Just lifted it. 
 Mr Scrooge has received your request for a further loan to cover the shipping costs of your stock. 
 I cannot say why he has not answered yet. 
 Go back to him, tell him I demand an answer now! 
 Demanding makes a man look needy. 
 Mr Scrooge will answer in due course. 
 I do not have due course! 
 ( Door opens ) 
 ( Door shuts ) 
 Miss Barbary. 
 Frances... my behaviour towards you was disgraceful. 
 Forgive me, please? 
 You shouldn't even have to ask, Papa. 
 We have a visitor tomorrow. A friend. 
 We shall pile coal on the fire and drink good Assam tea. 
 I look forward to it. 
 What are you doing, John? 
 Surprise for Martha. Don't say nothing to her. 
 There's young ladies here, miss, wanting to see the early spring modes. 
 They've asked to see the white ballgown. 
 Oh, your wedding dress! 
 It's so pretty. Is it nearly finished? 
 Nearly. 
 Have you seen the fans? 
 Oh, they're exquisite! 
 Miss Barbary will be with you all shortly. 
 You have to have a fan for the ball. 
 And in fact, these shoes go perfectly with your new dress. 
 Oh, I forgot - Captain Hawdon came by and left you this. 
 ( She giggles ) 
 Mesdemoiselles et Monsieur... an example from our early spring modes. 
 Doesn't she look exquisite? 
 It's beautiful, isn't it? 
 That is divine, look at the detail. 
 Yes, and look at the shoulder... 
 What are you waiting for? 
 Go home, Cratchit. 
 If you recall Mr Scrooge, sir, tomorrow, my Martha is getting married. 
 And you are taking a day's unpaid leave of absence. 
 Yes, yes, I remember. Now, get out! 
 ( Door opens ) 
 ( Door shuts ) 
 Inspector. Don't look, pretend to be doing something else. 
 There was shouting, that night. 
 It was before I went to meet Marley. 
 And him and Mr Scrooge, rowing in the street. 
 What about? 
 All I heard was, "Jaggers shall settle it." 
 It's why Marley was so riled. 
 And that can't come from me, Inspector. It just can't. 
 I understand, miss. You can trust me. 
 ( Shop bell rings ) 
 I forgot my newspaper. 
 It's under your arm, sir. 
 So it is. How foolish of me. 
 The young lady... 
 ...you called her Miss Barbary? 
 I'm acquainted with Miss Barbary, a Miss Frances. 
 I wondered...? 
 Yes, indeed, sir, they are sisters. 
 Our young lady is Miss Honoria. 
 Honoria... 
 Well... 
 Small world. 
 For you. 
 It's only tiny, but I saw it and I thought, "That is for the bride" and I had to get it. 
 It's your "something new", Martha. 
 And when I get married, you can lend it to me and it can be my "something borrowed". 
 I'll treasure it. Thank you! 
 Come on. 
 I can't buy you no wedding present, Martha. 
 But I thought, well... 
 It's us. 
 Oh, John! They're so lovely. 
 Yeah? 
 ( Clock chimes the hour ) 
 I knew nothing about the codicil. 
 I honestly knew nothing. 
 We used to be such friends once, Arthur. 
 Such happy friends. 
 I miss that so much, don't you? 
 Can we not be friends again? 
 Because neither of us are happy now, are we? 
 ( Door opens ) 
 ( Guests murmur and chatter ) 
 Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. 
 Marley wanted to leave the partnership with Scrooge. 
 You made no mention of this when we spoke. 
 Then it seemed robbery was the motive. 
 It would not have been appropriate for me to infer some other agenda. 
 Why did Marley want to leave? 
 If it made him angry, why did he want to part ways? 
 He gave me no reason. 
 And it's not so unusual to want to dissolve a long partnership. 
 I myself... 
 ...consider it often. 
 ( Guests chatter ) 
 What? 
 What are you doing here? 
 Looking. 
 How did you get in? 
 Through the front door. 
 Get out. Get out now. 
 Why are you crying? 
 I'm not. 
 Amelia : Arthur? 
 Oh, God. Oh, God... 
 Arthur? 
 Not a word. Don't breathe, don't move. 
 ( Door opens ) 
 Are you unwell? 
 I just needed a moment. 
 Yes. They're all very kind, but one does feel a little on show. 
 ( Orchestra tunes up ) 
 It's time for the dancing. You should go. 
 Arthur, this argument of ours... 
 ...Is at an end. 
 We should begin the dancing together. Come. 
 ( Lively music begins ) 
 I don't recall inviting you, sir. 
 No, a friend brought me. 
 I have a small legacy, which he suggested I might want to invest here. 
 Well, in that case, I can arrange to give you more information about the brewery. 
 I didn't know you were the director. 
 I'm happy to go to a party organised by a woman, but... invest in your business? 
 ( He sniggers ) 
 I might as well set fire to my money. 
 Goodnight, Miss Havisham. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 