Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x03 - Episode 3 - Dickensian 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x03 - Episode 3 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=530&t=24391 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/28/15 05:50 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x03 - Episode 3 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 ( They chuckle ) 
 Murdered?! Yes. 
 Do you hear that, Bumble? Murdered. 
 Yes, my dear, a terrible business. 
 A moneylender! Murdered. 
 Not two streets away. 
 This is what you meant, is it, Bumble? 
 When you promised my father to keep me in the style to which I'd become accustomed? 
 Hm? Was it? 
 No, my sweet. It was a pledge I made some 20 years ago. 
 Life, Bumble! 
 "Till death us do part" was the vow as I recall. 
 Or perhaps that's what you want? Is that it? 
 You want me to be murdered? To be rid of me? 
 No, dear heart. How could I survive without you? 
 I doubt I could get through a single day without your clear and concise instruction. 
 Them alleys is no place to be walking on your own at night - how many times have I said that? 
 I heard his throat was cut. 
 I heard he was stabbed, through the heart, and his innards were strewn across the cobbles. 
 Take me home, Bumble, we're besieged! 
 Yes, my dear. 
 ( Clock chimes ) 
 Good morning, Fagin. 
 Mr Bucket? 
 You're very light on your feet for a man of your stature, if you don't mind me saying. 
 I've always found it to be a very useful trait in my line of work. 
 It's very nice to see you, Mr Bucket, after such a long time. 
 Some refreshment? 
 Do you know a man called Jacob Marley? 
 May he rest in peace. Tut, tut, tut, tut. A terrible thing. 
 The world is full of thieves and cut-throats. 
 I asked if you knew him. 
 I don't believe I ever made his acquaintance. 
 Then can I ask where I might have found you on Christmas Eve? 
 Say between 9 and 10.30? 
 Surely I'm not under suspicion, Mr Bucket? 
 I'm not a man of violence, as you very well know. 
 I know all too well what you are, Fagin. 
 Would you like me to repeat my question? 
 Between 9 and 10.30? 
 A bite to eat in the Three Cripples, then here, my dear, sat by the fire. 
 Organising a girl called Nancy, to send to Jacob Marley, a man you didn't know? 
 Come, Fagin, we know each other well enough, do we not? 
 A girl being sent to a man like Mr Marley, on your patch? 
 If it wasn't you who sent her, I'll wager you know who did. 
 I could have a dozen constables in here in the blink of an eye. 
 Nancy goes where she pleases. 
 See much of Bill Sikes these days? 
 Sikes? 
 He looked after your girls from time to time. 
 Delivered them where they had to go. 
 Carried a wooden cosh, as I recall. 
 The girl is of less importance. 
 I don't doubt Mr Marley was alive and well when she left him. 
 But, as for Bill Sikes... 
 ...I'll have his address now, if you please. 
 All right, son? 
 I remember when I first went to ask Grandfather James if I could take your mother out. 
 I got so tongue-tied, trying to tell him how hard-working I was, he thought I was asking if I could clean the windows. 
 So what happened? 
 I ended up cleaning the windows. 
 No, no, no. No, best be off, Mr Wegg's waiting. 
 His leg's playing him up again. 
 Angry looking sores, he said, kept him up all night. 
 You and him are getting very close. 
 Fanny Biggetywitch, to suggest that I am entering into some kind of romantic liaison with Mr Wegg as I am draining the pus from his one good leg is extremely insulting and I'll thank you not to repeat it. 
 Good day. 
 Oh. 
 Oh! Mr Scrooge! 
 Miss Biggetywitch. 
 I was most distressed to hear about Mr Marley's demise. 
 Why? What was he to you? 
 Oh, well, nothing, now you ask, but you'd have to be cold-hearted not to mourn the loss of a person, even if he or she were no more than a passing acquaintance. 
 If you say so. 
 I hear his innards were strewn about. 
 ( Door slams ) 
 Oh. 
 Ow! 
 ( Door closes ) 
 I'm having to press my own shirts. It's barbaric! 
 Then find yourself a laundress, for heaven's sake! 
 Where? 
 Ask someone. 
 Actually, Compeyson, I've been thinking, maybe I should go home. 
 At Satis House, I could be more useful there. 
 And have your shirts pressed for you? 
 You've never been poor, have you, Havisham? 
 When you have nothing... the one thing that burns into your soul more than the poverty itself is watching those around you with less wit who have everything. 
 The injustice of it tears at your soul. 
 No-one will give you what is rightfully yours, Arthur, you must wrench it from those that have taken it from you. 
 To win over this sister of yours, I will need cash. 
 She must feel me as an equal, a man of means. 
 50 should do it. 
 Where am I to get my hands on that kind of money? 
 I'm sure you'll think of something. 
 Does Amelia Haversham know that you are seeing your captain? 
 She is my friend. 
 And does she approve? 
 True friends do not pass judgment on each other. 
 And if he isn't promoted and remains penniless, will you desist in seeing him? 
 He will get his promotion, then he will call on Father officially to ask for his blessing. 
 Fortunately, I don't need yours. 
 No, you don't. 
 You will do exactly as you wish, Honoria, as always. 
 Since Mother died, I have been expected to take her place, running the house, while you seem to be left to do as you please without a care in the world. 
 The role of mother is one you took upon yourself, ignoring the fact that you lack any of the qualities necessary to carry it out. 
 ( Birdsong ) 
 Get your hands off me! Get your hands off me! 
 Let him up, lads. 
 He knows he's not going anywhere. 
 Sit him down here. 
 ( Groaning ) 
 Sorry about all the fuss, Bill. 
 You ain't got no cause for all this. 
 Come now, you didn't expect me to come looking for you on my own. 
 I wish you had. 
 I need to ask you a few questions is all. 
 About Mr Jacob Marley. 
 It's murder, Bill. Someone will hang. 
 Lots of people more important than me aren't too fussy who. 
 When you came in here, lads, I'm assuming Mr Sikes here didn't sit still and wait for you to jump on him. 
 So which way did he move? To his left or to his right? 
 I dare say when you saw these four big lumps coming through your door, you thought you might need a leveller, eh, Bill? 
 Lock him up, lads, and let him sweat for a bit, bore some of that swagger out of him. 
 ( Groaning ) 
 I never heard anyone say a good word about him. 
 They probably got enough suspects to go three times round St Paul's. 
 There'll be money at the heart of it, sure as I've got woodworm. 
 Oh, you ought to take more care of yourself, sores on your one good leg and worm in the other, you'll soon not have any means to stay upright. 
 Mr Venus rubbed beeswax on it. Worms can't abide beeswax. 
 Oh, I had a thought that you smelled very sweet for a publican, as you slid up your trouser leg. 
 So how much is all this attention going to cost me, Mrs Gamp? 
 If you don't mind me asking. 
 Mr Wegg! 
 I'm horrified that you'd think I was disposed to take money from you! 
 Money should not be exchanged between friends. 
 Of course, if you thought my kindness was worthy of a gin or two. 
 Two gins it is, then. 
 I'll get one now? 
 I'm not entirely sure I'm ready to be an officer's wife. 
 Well, when my promotion comes, you'll have no choice. 
 Won't I, now? 
 No, you'll have to do my bidding. Follow orders like everyone else. 
 Except I'm not everyone else. 
 You'll toe the line, Miss Barbary, or I shall put you on report. 
 No, seriously, this isn't going to work, because I might be persuaded to be the good little wife in public for the sake of appearances, but when we're at home, it will have to be a different matter. 
 Nonsense. My word will be law. 
 Is that so? 
 Yes, it is. 
 In that case... 
 No, you wouldn't dare... 
 Oh, no? 
 No, James! 
 Er, do excuse my future wife, she's quite wild. 
 But rest assured, I shall yet tame her! 
 ( Knocking ) 
 May I see Miss Barbary? It's a matter of some urgency. 
 Would that be Miss Honoria or Miss Frances? 
 It's all right, Rose. I'll deal with it. 
 Begging your pardon, ma'am, I'm looking for Captain Hawdon. 
 Only he confided in me that he would be calling on Miss Barbary today, and I have urgent need of him. 
 He said he'd be here? At the house? No, ma'am. 
 As it's a matter of some importance, I took it on myself to call and ask if his whereabouts were known. 
 No, they are not. 
 Then I am sorry for troubling you, ma'am. Er, miss. 
 You say it's important? 
 Indeed it is, miss. 
 Then perhaps you'd like to leave a message. 
 Well, it's Colonel Mortimer you see, miss, a change of plan, we've had word that he will now be at the barracks for an hour or two until six o'clock this evening. 
 That's it? 
 Yes, miss, the captain will understand. 
 Wait. 
 If it's as important as you say it is, I'm keen to give him the message properly and promptly on his return. 
 Yet I'm unsure as to the nature of the colonel's visit. 
 The captain is very dear to me, you see. 
 It's well-known that the colonel likes Captain Hawdon and also that he has a commission to offer before leaving to go to the colonies. 
 So you see if the captain should arrive at the barracks before six, well, it would serve him very well indeed. 
 I, er, I wrote him a note to say as much. 
 Then I shall ensure that he gets it, the very second that I see him. 
 Thank you, miss. Good day to you. 
 Good day. 
 
 
 
 I hate having to snatch time here and there. 
 Well, soon, we'll never be apart. 
 You'll be my wife and we'll travel the world, to the colonies. 
 India! You'll ride an elephant at sunset. 
 You really think that all can happen? 
 I'll make it so. It's just a matter of time. 
 ( Knocking ) 
 What are you doing here? 
 Are you not going to ask me in? 
 I'm afraid it's not what you're used to. 
 Nor you. 
 To what do I owe the pleasure, sister? 
 Perhaps I could bring myself to understand why you may be angry with Father, but it's beyond me why you act with such hostility toward me. 
 You wonder why I'm hostile when you now have everything that is mine by right? 
 You ask too much. 
 Then why are you here? Just to revel in my misery? 
 I'm here to ask you to come home. 
 I don't have a home. 
 We both know that's not true! 
 Perhaps we could discuss your salary from the brewery, make things more comfortable for you. 
 So that's why you came? To offer me charity? 
 The crumbs from your table? 
 It doesn't have to be like this, Arthur. 
 Then give me what is mine. 
 I cannot. 
 Then get out! 
 With all this talk of murderers roaming the streets, Mrs Bumble has worn herself out and is sleeping, which is a state I find very acceptable. 
 On account of the peace and quiet it affords, no doubt. 
 Mrs Bumble is a very passionate woman in every respect, but mostly she is very passionate about giving instructions and insisting those instructions are carried out to the letter, which can be very tiring, not only to her what is supplying that passionate entreaty but also to him what is in receipt of it. 
 You have the patience of a saint, Mr Bumble, I've often said so. 
 Now, you warm yourself by the fire and let me fetch you a drink. 
 Oh, Mrs Gamp, thank you, your nursing capacity knows no bounds. 
 A small ale will suffice. 
 Oh? Can I tempt you to join me? 
 Oh, Mr Bumble! 
 Drinking during the day, in the company of a married gentleman? 
 In a public place, for everyone to see and to risk them what sees jumping to conclusions which are untrue and without foundation? 
 And risking my own good name and my standing in the community for the sake of a shot of gin? 
 Better make it just the one. 
 Daisy, small ale, large gin. Yes. 
 Mr Fagin and Mr Scrooge were definitely in here, I served them meself. 
 And Bill Sikes too, but he left before the other two, as I recall. 
 Time? Hard to say, we're busy Christmas Eve, one hour merges into another. 
 I don't doubt it, Mr Wegg, and I don't wish to tax you more than I must, but, if I were to say to you that Bill Sikes left here just before eight o'clock, how much later than that would you say Mr Scrooge or Mr Fagin left? 
 Could that have been before half past ten o'clock, would you say? 
 Could have been. 
 Why do you need the cash, Arthur? 
 You'll have your salary from the brewery, due each month. 
 It's not insubstantial. 
 Wages? Paid by my sister. 
 You also have a 10% stake in the brewery. 
 I'm his son, it should all be mine. 
 I feel obliged to ask again, why do you need the money? 
 I am not a child, I don't have to explain myself to you. 
 No, but how am I to release the funds without demonstrating good cause? 
 I cannot always be at the mercy of my sister! It's impossible! 
 She's head of the company. 
 Hm, that won't last, the board will never accept her. 
 Your father made provision for you that will reward hard work and honest endeavour. 
 If only you were to embrace your father's wishes. 
 Go home, Arthur. 
 ( Door slams ) 
 Thank you, Nell. 
 You're going away? 
 I am visiting my nephew. 
 For long? 
 A week or so. 
 My granddaughter knows more about this shop than I ever did. 
 Please continue, Inspector. 
 Mr Marley's journal shows he made a collection here on Christmas Eve. 
 Yes, he did. 
 How did he seem? 
 "Seem"? 
 His mood? 
 Black as always. 
 You disliked him? 
 Intensely. 
 Enough to take his life? 
 Given the right circumstance, perhaps. 
 But, though I do not mourn him, I am not the man you're looking for, Inspector. 
 Nevertheless, may I ask you where you were on Christmas Eve? 
 Here. 
 Alone? 
 With me. I was sick and he didn't leave my side. 
 The funds you've expected arrived? 
 You have seven pounds in your hand, sir. 
 And another 40 that isn't. 
 You'll have the rest when I have it. 
 You talk about the repayment of your loan as something that will happen at your convenience and not according to the terms we agreed. 
 I will see the rest, or you will see the bailiff. 
 How dare you speak to me like that? 
 If you prefer polite conversation over tea and dilled cucumber sandwiches, perhaps you might be better placed asking your bankers to lend you money? 
 No? 
 I thought not. 
 Good day, sir. 
 ( Footsteps ) 
 Ah. 
 What brings a Havisham to my humble establishment? 
 A loan. 
 Security? 
 I have a stake in the Havisham brewery. 
 I'm sorry, Mr Bucket, it didn't come from here. 
 There's just about everything else on here - blood, bits of hair, even a bit of bone, but no chip out of it what matches. 
 Maybe he had another cosh tucked away, but, er, this isn't the one used to murder Jacob Marley. 
 You're home. 
 So it would seem. 
 And your captain has returned to his barracks? 
 No, he's not due back until tomorrow, why do you ask? 
 I was being polite. I'm sorry, it won't happen again. 
 Frances, please, I have no wish to argue with you. 
 Were there any callers for me? 
 None. 
 Well, you've had a good long while to think. 
 Is there anything you'd like to tell me? 
 Like to grab hold of my head and push it through that wall, Bill, wouldn't you? 
 Temper, you see, I've got one meself, although Mrs Bucket has rounded the edges off it over the years. 
 I know you dropped a girl called Nancy off at Jacob Marley's at eight o'clock, picked her up again. 
 What time? 
 Nine. 
 And where did you go after then until half past ten? 
 For a drink. 
 Where? 
 Can't remember. 
 Tell me about this Nancy, Bill. Pretty, is she? 
 It's a crying shame, it is. 
 Sending a young girl to a man like that. 
 Not a nice man, by all accounts. 
 Hate to think of it. 
 Is that why you done him, Bill? 
 Did he hurt her? 
 After you dropped her off home, you went back, didn't you? 
 You saw him leave the house and you followed him. 
 Down towards the docks, waiting for your moment, then he turned down that alley. 
 Out of sight, and you saw your chance. 
 Didn't you, Bill? 
 No. 
 And you've got no proof I did. 
 Cos if you did, you wouldn't be here still talking to me. 
 I got witnesses that will swear they saw me somewhere else when Marley got what was coming to him. 
 So if you've got something, let's me and you do a little dance in front of the beak in the morning. 
 But if you haven't, I want to be sleeping in my own bed tonight. 
 Honoria, now that Christmas Day is out of the way, we've been meaning to talk to you about Father's business interests. 
 Frances, no. 
 She has a right to know. 
 Know what? 
 We are facing ruin. 
 All is not lost. There may still be some stock. 
 We have no money. 
 Our Christmas was purchased with a loan from Scrooge and Marley. 
 Father had hoped to protect you, but I'm sure that you'd like to share the burden. 
 Well, of course I would! 
 Excellent. 
 Then I shall leave Father to explain everything to you himself. 
 Father? 
 ( Clock chimes six ) 
 ( Door opens ) 
 Arthur, where have you been? I've been waiting hours! 
 You set me a task, did you not? 
 And? 
 Use it as you will. 
 I want every penny back that belongs to me. 
 Bill, my dear, thank goodness, I've been trying to get word to you all day. 
 Is that right? 
 I thought you should know, Mr Bucket is looking for you. 
 Here, was he? 
 A fleeting visit. 
 Funny he came here looking, when all the time he knew where I lived. 
 He did? Must have done, on account of him kicking my door in. 
 Unless of course he only found out where I lived after he'd been here. 
 I'd mind what you're saying, Bill, you shouldn't go accusing people of things like that. 
 You sell me down the river, did you, Fagin? 
 You've had a very difficult day, my dear, I can see that. 
 Come and warm yourself by the fire, see if I can't find you a drop of something. 
 How about I crack open your skull and see if the lies fall out? 
 Have you forgotten who I am, Bill? 
 In your rage? 
 Forgotten the order of things, my dear? 
 You threaten me again, I will gut you like a fish and feed you to the rats. 
 Now or never, Bill. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 