Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x11 - Episode 11 - Dickensian 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x11 - Episode 11 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=530&t=24873 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/22/16 23:31 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x11 - Episode 11 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 You're awake. 
 Last night, you were in no fit state to take this in, so I will say this now... and I will say it just the once. 
 If you ever do anything like that again in front of Amelia, I will kill you. 
 Do you understand? 
 Do you understand?! 
 Yes. 
 Did you sleep? 
 Not really. 
 Thank you for staying with me. 
 Just like when we were children. 
 You know what you must do, Honoria. Don't you? 
 ( Door opens ) 
 I wish there was something I could do to help. 
 Absolutely not, I wouldn't dream of it. 
 You're too proud for your own good sometimes. 
 Have you visited him? 
 Briefly. 
 And is he well? 
 As can be expected. 
 So, I saw Mr Compeyson at the house. 
 Yes, he said. 
 You seem very close. 
 Honoria, that's partly why I've asked to see you. 
 There's no-one else I can say this too but... 
 ...I do believe I have feelings for Mr Compeyson, strong feelings. 
 I thought you found him arrogant, unfathomable. 
 Yes, at first, perhaps. 
 But you should see him when we're alone together. 
 Him, he's so romantic and kind and strong and thoughtful. 
 It sounds like you're smitten. 
 I never thought I'd find anyone like him. 
 I have envied your love with Captain Hawdon for so long. 
 Yet, it feels I may be able to match it. 
 Who'd have thought? 
 He ain't been right for weeks, not really. 
 Then he said his legs were hurting. 
 Nothing I can see. 
 Could be his insides. 
 What else can we do? 
 He ain't growing as he should. 
 Might be his liver or his bones. 
 Either way, he needs some decent grub inside him. 
 Red meat, fruit, cod liver oil. 
 We give him the best we can. The others have been all right. 
 That's it with little'uns, innit? 
 They're all different. 
 I know a doctor at the Union, I'll have a talk with him and see if there's anything else can be done. 
 Thank you, Sarah. 
 Wait, I've got a penny somewhere. 
 No, no, no, no, I ain't taking no money from you. 
 Little drop of gin, though, keep out the cold. 
 We don't keep gin in the house. Tea? 
 Oh, no, no, no, dear, nothing hot this time of day, not with my disposition. No, I'll be on me way. 
 Keep the little'un well wrapped up and get as much nourishment as you can into him. 
 I'll watch him. 
 I'll bid you good day. 
 Thank you. 
 Thank you. 
 ( Door closes ) 
 ( Door opens, shop bell tinkles ) 
 I was hoping you'd be in. 
 I called to ask if you'd like to visit tonight. 
 My sisters are baking a cake for Tiny Tim. 
 A cake? 
 Sliced ten ways. Might be better if you ate before. 
 I'd love to come. 
 ( Door closes ) 
 Good morning, miss. 
 Good morning. 
 I understand you purchase things in addition to selling them. 
 Yes, miss. 
 This was my mother's. 
 ( Door creaks open ) 
 ( Wailing ) 
 Honoria. 
 ( He coughs ) 
 I told you not to come to this place. 
 You also taught me to be strong-willed and to think for myself. You look terrible. 
 It seems I taught you to speak your mind, too. 
 Beautiful, sweet girl. 
 What will become of us? 
 The woman is relentless in the pursuit of advancement. 
 Would that she spent as much energy in other areas, M-M-Mr Wegg, if you get my meaning. 
 Indeed I do, Mr Bumble. They're a mystery. 
 It's nature's cruel joke to give them a precious gem and us a longing for that gem. 
 And they know that we long for it. 
 Before giving us the slightest peek of it, they'd first have us jump through hoops of flame like circus creatures. 
 I gave up on 'em a long time ago, Mr Bumble. 
 I heard Mrs Gamp was tending to your needs these days. 
 Drinking me out of house and home is what she's doing. 
 Without... benefit? 
 Without benefit. 
 She promises much yet screams blue murder if I so much as place a hand on her shoulder. 
 It's agony, isn't it? 
 I think they're cruel by nature, Mr Bumble. 
 You look troubled, Mrs Cratchit. 
 A sick child at home is all. 
 Not the first. But, hopefully, the last. 
 Thank you. 
 Mrs Bucket and I have not been blessed with children but I hear they're hardy enough. 
 Yeah, they are. 
 How goes your work here, Inspector? I saw the posters offering a reward. 
 Not my idea and yet to bear fruit. 
 My mother used to say, if you daub yourself in honey, you'll have plenty of flies. 
 Time will tell. 
 As long as you stay away from my husband. 
 Am I never to be forgiven? 
 One day, perhaps. 
 Bob told me that you've taken Mr Marley's ledger from the counting house hoping to find something. 
 Seemed an obvious place to look. 
 Though I recall Bob telling me that not all of Mr Marley's dealings were written down. 
 Oh? Did he share any details with you? 
 There was one. 
 Quite recent, I think. 
 The purchase of a warehouse on the docks, Croucher's I think it was called. 
 Croucher's? 
 That's all he knows. 
 He saw some paperwork regarding it, and when he asked Mr Marley about it, he snapped at him. 
 Bob would not like to know I told you. 
 In confidence, I have your word? 
 Yes, you do. 
 Thank you. 
 Now, what happened is quite usual, I believe. 
 They took the few things I had - a cigar case, my fob chain. 
 We must tell someone, report it. 
 Do. The guards stood by and watched. 
 Then we need to get you out of this terrible place. 
 Mr Jaggers came to see me yesterday. 
 It seems that now my plight is common knowledge, more creditors are coming forward to claim. 
 What started as a debt of hundreds of pounds now runs into thousands. 
 I fear there's no way back. 
 Which explains why he wasn't very helpful when I visited him. 
 You went to see him? 
 I've been to see everyone. No-one would help. 
 You're such a good girl, Honoria, but there's nothing to be done. 
 We're ruined..Don't say that. 
 How can I pretend otherwise? 
 There's no way I can pay them back and, even if I work in here, I could never earn enough. 
 I shan't give up. 
 When Mother was ill, she made me promise to look after you. 
 How can I do that if you're in here? 
 You and Frances must turn your attention to yourselves. 
 You think only of that. 
 ( Shouting ) 
 ( Screaming ) 
 ( Man whimpers ) 
 You're back. I was starting to become concerned. 
 I'm fine. 
 Could you send a message to Sir Leicester Dedlock? 
 Tell him I'd be happy to receive him at his convenience. 
 Marley invested in many properties, Inspector. 
 I want details of them all but, for now, the warehouse on the dockside will suffice. 
 Croucher's. It's here. 
 An empty warehouse. 
 Empty for some time it seems. 
 Used to store timber until its tenants went out of business. 
 And Marley snapped it up cheap. 
 Can't imagine why else he would buy it. 
 It's still empty? 
 As far as I'm aware, there were no tenancy papers drawn up. 
 ( Chain jangles ) 
 ( Night-time bustle ) 
 ( Laughter and chatter ) 
 You've named your price, Fagin. 
 Can't go back on it now. 
 I'm a man of my word. 
 Can't put the price up either. 
 You misunderstand me, Bill. 
 Nothing would make me happier than you coming to me with £50 squeezed tight in one of them big ham fists of yours. 
 Of course, by the time you have it, you will be of an age when you might need Dodger to wheel you around in a barrow. 
 ( He chuckles ) 
 You wait and see, Fagin. 
 See who's laughing then. 
 Oh, you are an entertainer, Bill, I give you that. 
 Nancy know about all this, does she? 
 She knows. 
 And she's happy about it? 
 Why shouldn't she be? 
 No reason. 
 You have something to look forward to. 
 You all old and wrinkled, her pushing you around in a barrow! 
 ( He laughs ) 
 Ha-ha! Oh, Bill! Bill...! 
 Where's your sense of humour? 
 ( He cackles ) 
 ( He sighs ) 
 ( Door slams ) 
 
 
 
 Bumble. 
 Bumble, Bumble! 
 Just studying the vacant situations, my love. 
 ( She pants ) 
 No need, Bumble, no need. Look! 
 It's from the Trustees. 
 There's a new vacancy in Staffordshire, a new workhouse with a house, detached, away from the stench, and a maid! 
 Bumble, a maid. 
 Our own maid. 
 And a 50% salary increase. 
 That's half as much again, AND A MAID. 
 Bumble, oh, my heart beats fit to burst. 
 It seems Mr Gradgrind put our name forward. 
 I knew it! 
 The moment he asked for second helpings of my spotted dick pudding. 
 Oh, we are on the way up. 
 Bumble, we are moving up! 
 ( Door slams ) 
 ( Water splashes ) 
 How's your back? 
 Why should you care? 
 You must see what you did was unforgivable. 
 You BEAT me...! 
 And, for that, I apologise. 
 But you know my temper better than most, Arthur, and you gave me good reason to lose it. 
 This morning, you threatened my life. 
 Yes. 
 And I have given it much thought since. 
 I am here to offer my hand. 
 To put it behind us. 
 The truth is, I don't know what you're up to any more. 
 I'm trying to undo the wrong you have suffered, as you asked me to. 
 I asked you to gain my sister's confidence. 
 To convince her to renounce Father's will or, at the very least, to better my terms. 
 Which is what I'm doing. 
 Then why does it feel as though YOU are becoming master of Satis House... not I? 
 Everything I do, I do it for you and I do it because of our friendship. 
 You made me angry simply because, in a single act of drunken madness, you very nearly ruined everything we've been working towards - to put you back in your rightful place as master of Satis House and of the Havisham estate. 
 We started this journey together, Arthur. 
 Let's finish it together. 
 I can see you in that. 
 Let me buy it for you. 
 ( She scoffs ) 
 A little daring, don't you think? 
 Very well. 
 I dare you. 
 ( Street bustle and chatter ) 
 Ah, Mr Havisham. 
 Not now, Mr Scrooge... 
 So sorry to disturb you. 
 Tell me, when would be a good time to discuss the money you owe? 
 A month? A year? 
 Perhaps you'd like some more of my money to tide you over? 
 You will be paid in full. 
 I hold share certificates to the Havisham Brewery. 
 I have no doubt I will be paid, I simply wish to discuss the time and manner of the repayments. 
 I'm soon to come into a substantial amount of money. 
 You will be paid then. 
 Ah, and when is this "windfall" likely to materialise? 
 A week or two perhaps. 
 A week. 
 Any longer, I shall increase your rate of interest by a further 5%. 
 Do what you will. I'll not haggle in the street with a moneylender. 
 Forgive me but I prefer to speak plainly. 
 It's always best to speak one's mind. 
 Then I shall. 
 You know I'm a bachelor. 
 Yes. 
 And though I am comfortable in my own company... 
 ...I'm often called "dull". 
 Oh... 
 There are times when I yearn for companionship. 
 And you must know, although I am a little older... 
 ...I am fond of you. 
 And I of you. 
 "Dear sirs..." 
 A maid, Bumble. 
 I'm sure there will be other applicants, my sweet. 
 Then we shall sweep them aside. 
 Convince the Trustees that you are the man for the job. 
 Some will be more qualified. 
 Then we will inspire the board with the power of your charisma, your endeavour, your inspirational leadership! 
 We will? 
 Yes, Bumble, we will. 
 We will press home your ability to mould those wretched children into young adults ready to take their place in society. 
 ( He mutters ) 
 We will not be denied, Bumble, I will have my new house and a maid. 
 ( He mutters ) 
 Oh, dear. 
 Oh... 
 "It is with..." 
 ( Church bells ring ) 
 Honoria. 
 What's wrong? 
 Come and sit down. 
 I'm not sure that I want to sit. 
 You said you wanted to see me. 
 I drop everything to be here and you act as if I'm a stranger. 
 I don't mean to. 
 Tell me. 
 I cannot see you any more. 
 You can't mean that. 
 We have no future. 
 Surely, that's as clear to you as it is to me. 
 But all the things we've planned together. 
 Our whole life mapped out, marriage, a family, travelling together. 
 Plans we've had for a very long time, yet are no closer to fruition. 
 When my promotion comes... 
 I'm sorry, but I'm tired of waiting for a promotion that never comes. 
 For a life that always begins tomorrow, never today. 
 Only a week ago, you insisted that I call on your father to seek his approval. 
 ( She sniffles ) 
 That's what this is about, isn't it? 
 Your father. 
 He needs me. 
 I need you. 
 How can you and I not being together possibly help your father? 
 Or is it that you've come to hate me because I don't have the means or the influence to help him? 
 I don't hate you, James. How could I? 
 Then explain it to me. 
 I can't. 
 Please, I beg you, don't make this more difficult than it already is. 
 How could it be? 
 I'll find some money. 
 I'll do something, anything, I will beg, borrow, steel - sell my soul if I have to - but I can't lose you. 
 Ask anything of me and I'll not flinch, but not that. 
 Don't ask that of me. 
 I have to go! 
 You must tell me what I've done wrong, why you're doing this. 
 Honoria, talk to me! 
 I can't leave him there! 
 ( Dog barks nearby ) 
 You aim to find a suitor. 
 Someone of wealth and standing to help you. 
 So, you're leaving me to become a whore. 
 ( She gasps ) 
 ( She sobs ) 
 Honoria, I'm sorry! 
 Thank you, sir. 
 Put it in. 
 ( 'Sobbing' ) 
 ( Sobbing ) 
 ( Tim giggles ) 
 ( All giggle ) 
 ( He shivers ) 
 Looks tasty. 
 Honoria, you must come down. 
 Later. 
 No, now. 
 Sir Leicester? 
 Forgive me, Miss Honoria. 
 Your sister told me of your plight. 
 I took the liberty of looking into the matter. 
 I do hope they won't think badly of me. 
 Papa! 
 Oh! 
 ( She sobs ) 
 ( Ship horn blows ) 
 To be honest, Sir Leicester, without your intervention, I fear I may never have got out of that awful place. 
 Nonsense, I'm sure it was just a temporary setback. 
 I may simply have hastened the resolution, no more. 
 We have much to be grateful for, Sister. 
 Sir Leicester has settled all of Papa's debts. 
 We are very grateful. 
 That's enough, I won't hear another word about it. 
 It's done. 
 And tomorrow, we must talk about how to get this business of yours back on its feet. 
 Although there is one matter we might discuss briefly, Edward, if you're agreeable? 
 Of course. 
 Miss Honoria was kind enough to receive me today. 
 We went for a short walk and took tea together. 
 I see. 
 Chaperoned by Miss Frances, of course. 
 Of course. 
 I spoke as plainly as I could of my... fondness for her. 
 With your permission, I should like to call on her again. 
 Honoria? 
 Don't be shy, Sister. 
 Good. Then it's settled. 
 You have my permission and, indeed, my blessing. 
 Excellent. 
 Now, where's that port? 
 Ah, Frances, there's a bottle in the study, would you be so kind? 
 Yes, Father. 
 A toast. 
 Yes. 
 To the future. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 