Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x18 - Episode 18 - Dickensian 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x18 - Episode 18 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=530&t=25260 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/18/16 16:45 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x18 - Episode 18 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 It wasn't Bob, it was me. I killed Marley, it was me. 
 ( Cheerful whistling nearby ) 
 ( Door opens, laughter from outside ) 
 ( Whistling stops ) 
 Inspector Bucket, to what do we owe this pleasure? 
 Hoping that it is a pleasure, of course, and you ain't come to arrest me again! Ha-ha! 
 Well, Bob... 
 Inspector Bucket's come to collect a pie. 
 I promised I'd hold one back for him and Mrs Bucket's tea. 
 Speaking of which, um, Silas picked me up some meat scraps. 
 You couldn't be a darlin' and go and fetch them for me, could ya? 
 Oh, well, almost got me coat off, didn't I? 
 Enjoy your pie, Inspector. 
 ( Bob whistles, door opens ) 
 ( Door closes ) 
 ( She sighs ) 
 It might have been better if he was here with you. 
 No! 
 Could I ask you to repeat what you said to me, Mrs Cratchit? 
 I killed him. 
 On Christmas Eve, I killed Mr Marley. 
 And your husband knows this? 
 Is party to it? 
 No! 
 How could he? 
 Then I'm at something of a loss to understand how this happened, the circumstances. 
 ( She sniffles ) 
 ( Chatter ) 
 Afternoon, Daisy. Silas in? 
 He's not, I'm afraid. 
 Oh? Only Emily asked me to pick up some meat scraps? 
 I'll go have a look. See if he's left a box? 
 Thanks. 
 You must be truthful, it's the only way. 
 Christmas, it's... It's a struggle at the best of times, Inspector. 
 I'm not making an excuse, it's just the way it is. 
 But we had Martha's wedding coming up. 
 When we got the Christmas pay-packet, Jacob Marley had docked Bob's wages. 
 And not for the first time neither. 
 It's what he does, you see? 
 It's what they both do. 
 Scrooge and Marley. 
 They prey upon the likes of my Bob. 
 And they get away with it... cos no-one ever stands up to 'em. 
 Bob tried to put a brave face on it like he always does, but... it was such a worry. 
 I told him to speak to Mr Marley, to tell him that it wasn't right, it wasn't fair. 
 Did you talk to him? 
 I've got a job, many haven't. We must be grateful. 
 Back to work, Cratchit. 
 I'd better get back. 
 Thanks for the pie! 
 Mr Marley? Can I have a word with you, sir? 
 'I tried to make him understand that we had children he couldn't keep doing this to us. But he wouldn't listen. He said he wouldn't argue in the street. And when I told him that I insisted on being heard...' 
 I have business at the dockside this evening around 9pm - perhaps I can help you then. 
 You agreed to meet him? 
 No, not really. 
 He just... He just told me where he'd be. 
 I suppose he thought I'd... 
 I'd never walk down the docks on me own at that time of night. 
 It was just his way of trying to get rid of me. 
 But you went? 
 Christmas Eve? 
 ( She takes deep breath ) 
 'I knew that Bob would be going out around that time like he always does.' 
 Time for my Christmas Eve stroll. 
 The traders will be long gone. 
 See if they've left any mistletoe. 
 'So, I went. And I... I knew that it wasn't a place that I should be on me own, not at that time, so I, er...' 
 You didn't see the folly of going to meet a man like Mr Jacob Marley, alone, at night, in a place even police constables avoid after dark? 
 No. 
 See, I've not had much of an education, Inspector... nor much of anything else in me life... up until the day that I met Bob Cratchit. 
 Neither had he. 
 But, together, we built something here. 
 Somethin' more than bricks and pots and pans. 
 Somethin' that, try as you might, you couldn't put a price on. 
 Somethin' worth fighting for. 
 So, yes, Inspector, I was scared, going out on my own, but I was more frightened of losing what we have. 
 Nothings laid out and the larder's all locked up. 
 Hm, strange... 
 I looked everywhere. Sorry. 
 Never mind, it's not your fault. I'll try again later. 
 Whilst Bob was out collecting things left behind at the market, you walked down to the docks? 
 Yes. 
 Go on. 
 I'd been there a little while and I started to worry about Bob coming home and finding me gone. 
 So, I was about to go. 
 'I heard footsteps.' 
 ( Buoy bells ring, footsteps ) 
 He came out from the shadows. 
 'I think he was shocked to see me there. I think it amused him. I talked to him. Tried to explain about Martha. Stupid as I am, I even thought he was listening.' 
 But he... He wasn't. 
 He tur... He turned nasty...  (Voice breaking)  ..saying what he'd do to my children. 
 ( She sobs ) 
 Saying how he'd... How he'd buy 'em off us and sell 'em to the highest bidder! 
 I wasn't going to put up with him talking to me like that! 
 Hm. 
 And then he... 
 He turned on me. 
 Are you a goose? 
 Please, Mr Marley, don't... 
 ( She struggles, he grunts ) 
 'He said if we needed money so bad, how... How I could earn some. 
 ( She cries ) 
 I didn't know what to do. He was... He was so close, he was breathing on me, his hands were everywhere. I... I managed to... I managed to push him off. But he was coming back. 
 Come on, hold still! 
 ( She gasps ) 
 I suddenly realised how stupid I was even being there. I just wanted to go home. I hit him as hard as I could. 
 ( She grunts, slumping ) 
 I just wanted to make him stop! 
 ( She gasps ) 
 I didn't know he was dead, Inspector. I swear. And I... I... I heard voices, so I ran. I ran all the way home. 
 'Picked up the coal bucket in the yard and...' 
 ( She exhales ) 
 'It was like nothing had happened. It was like a bad dream. The house was so warm, the little ones were in bed.' 
 And Bob back from the market with a sprig of mistletoe. 
 ( They chuckle ) 
 How could I have just killed a man? 
 Yet, that's exactly what you had done. 
 I didn't mean to, Inspector - you have to believe that. 
 If the account you have given me is accurate, then, yes, I do believe that is the case. 
 But it's still murder. 
 Whispering : Will I hang? 
 ( She sobs ) 
 ( Horses clop, street bustle ) 
 Bob! 
 Er, young Tim? 
 How is he managing with the crutch? 
 Very well indeed! Thank you for asking, Mr Venus. 
 I have trouble keeping up with him once he gets up a head of steam! 
 You know, er, I can make adjustments, you know, I extend it a little as he grows? 
 That's very kind of you. 
 No problem. Just... give me the word. 
 Ah! Ah, you know what? 
 I think I might have something else for him. Do you have time now? 
 Er, a little. 
 Good! Come! 
 I'm sorry. 
 Please, don't apologise. 
 ( He sighs ) 
 Quite a burden you've been carrying. 
 When will you have to take me? 
 Can I at least say goodbye to my family? 
 ( He sighs ) 
 I have to confess, Mrs Cratchit, that I am more than a little taken aback by this sudden turn of events. 
 Part satisfied to finally learn the truth about how Jacob Marley was despatched. 
 Part at a loss as to how to proceed with that information. 
 I don't understand. 
 I must ask you to wait here while I collect my thoughts... assimilate them, shape them into a course of action. 
 Can I trust you to remain in the house? 
 Yes. 
 If you are not here when I return, I will notify every police officer in London. 
 You will be apprehended and it will be the worse for you. 
 Where would I go? 
 ( Door opens ) 
 ( Hum of conversation ) 
 Havisham! Well, you don't look any more pleased to see me than you did earlier. 
 Though she begged me not to, I left the warmth of your sister's bed to find you. 
 So, you care for her dignity no more than you do mine. 
 I care for myself, Arthur, as always. 
 Which is why I was a little shocked to discover a clerk from the offices of Jaggers and Tulkinghorn has been making enquiries about me. 
 And you think that has something to do with me? 
 Has it? 
 No. 
 Though I expected Jaggers would do as much, the moment the marriage was announced. 
 And are you secretly hoping he'll find something to expose me for the liar and charlatan I am? 
 Because, if he digs deep enough, he'll find you too, won't he? 
 ( Knocks on door ) 
 Barbary : 'Honoria? 
 'May I come in?' 
 How was your trip? 
 It went well enough. 
 I'm pleased. 
 Frances told me... 
 Do you mind if we don't discuss it? 
 No, of course. 
 As you wish. 
 Though you must feel a weight has lifted. 
 I feel... nothing. 
 You've been given a fresh start, a wonderful future... 
 It was a girl. 
 You have to put it out of your mind, Honoria. 
 What's done is done. 
 Her name was Esther Frances. 
 You have a family. 
 Frances and I will care for you. 
 Perhaps we should consult the doctor. 
 And tell him what exactly? 
 Was your trip successful? 
 In part. 
 Our Sir Leicester holds much influence. 
 But there were those who sought assurance of his continued involvement. An assurance I couldn't give. 
 We should, perhaps, tell him Honoria is back, that she wishes to see him. 
 It may lift her spirits. 
 She may need a little more time. 
 Time in which our creditors may lose their new-found confidence in me. 
 She should put this behind her, Frances, move forward. 
 You'll send word... to Sir Leicester. 
 ( She sighs ) 
 
 
 
 ( Keys jangle ) 
 ( Door clunks and squeaks ) 
 Mr Manning? 
 Who are you? 
 My name is Bucket. 
 Inspector Bucket. 
 And what business 'ave you got with me? 
 I understand you have confessed to the murder of Mr Jacob Marley. 
 No. 
 They wrote down the names. 
 I made my mark. 
 I killed that prostitute... and that sailor... because he took my turn... and she let him. 
 Jacob Marley was a gentleman who was murdered at the docks on Christmas Eve. 
 What about him? 
 You told Inspector Thompson that it was you who beat him to death with a cosh. 
 Well, I must 'ave done. 
 You don't recall? 
 ( He sniffs ) 
 I've beaten to death a lot of men... with a cosh. 
 And some I was paid for. 
 And some was personal. 
 And Mr Marley? 
 ( He sighs ) 
 They're saying I've killed... three of them, what you would call gentlemen. 
 And I took their wallets and I took their lives. 
 And I would take yours too, if that big lump wasn't behind you. 
 But as for their names... I didn't ask. 
 ( He cackles ) 
 I never asked them! 
 ( He laughs ) 
 ( Whistling nearby ) 
 ( Door opens ) 
 Silas wasn't there. I'll have to call back later. 
 Oh! 
 Sorry I took so long. I got waylaid by Mr Venus. 
 He gave me some seeds for Tim. 
 We grow 'em indoors and mix the leaves with vinegar. 
 Right... I'll go and get some soil for when they get back from Martha's. Oh! Something smells nice. 
 ( He inhales ) 
 I thought I'd put a stew on. 
 Oh, lovely! 
 ( He whistles merrily ) 
 ( Low conversation ) 
 .. right, gentlemen, cheerio. 
 Everything I could find, sir, on Mr Compeyson. 
 Is this it? 
 Yes, sir. 
 You did understand your task? 
 Yes, sir, but I could find nothing untoward. 
 ( Laughter and chatter ) 
 Well? 
 I did as you said, Mr Havisham. 
 Exactly as I said? 
 Anything that wasn't favourable regarding Mr Compeyson has been lost. 
 You will not discuss this with anyone. Do you understand? 
 You have my word. 
 And the position we discussed, in your new company? 
 All in good time, Mr Lowten. 
 Now back to your desk before you're seen here. 
 So, I had to remind him whose damn pheasants they were! 
 Nerve of the man! He won't make that mistake again! 
 Well done, Sir Leicester! 
 Well, you would have done no different yourself if you had been there, Barbary. 
 Well, that remains to be seen. 
 Though we must accept your kind invitation to visit you at Chesney Wold. 
 Yes, indeed, as soon as you're able, I'll have Mrs Rouncewell prepare the Green Room - it looks out over the gardens. 
 We look forward to it. 
 Frances, go and see what's become of Honoria. 
 Of course. 
 I don't think I know that part of the world very well. 
 It's very lovely... 
 Sir Leicester's here. 
 I could tell him that you feel unwell? 
 Here she is! 
 Good evening, Sir Leicester. 
 You look sparkling as ever. 
 ( Honoria chuckles ) 
 And tell me, Inspector, were we correct? 
 Is the killer a simple man with a family pushed to breaking point. 
 Suffice to say... that discovering their identity has brought me no pleasure. 
 None at all. 
 The killer pleads self-defence? 
 They do. 
 You believe him? 
 Without question. Which brings me to my quandary. 
 ( Drink pours ) 
 I think I would be correct in saying that the identity of the killer was uncovered as a direct result of my investigation. 
 From an examination of the smallest detail of the murder, the physical evidence and the questioning of witnesses. 
 I can, therefore, boast that the new Detective has been an unqualified success. 
 Which is what you had hoped for? 
 Yes, it was. 
 Yet, in making that boast, in declaring it with some relish to Inspector Thompson, I fear that justice may well not be best served. 
 But what of the man arrested by Thompson? 
 He confessed to the murder of Jacob Marley, did he not? 
 The confession was a false one. 
 So he is innocent? 
 Of the murder of Jacob Marley? Yes. 
 But he is FAR from innocent in every other conceivable way. 
 He has the blood of at least five others on his hands. 
 So, he deserves to hang? 
 I believe so, yes. 
 So, were you to choose justice, over the future of the Detective... no harm would be done. 
 A very great harm will be done, Mr Venus! 
 The person who took the life of Jacob Marley, his murderer, will walk free. 
 And you can't allow that to happen? 
 We have laws, Mr Venus! 
 Laws, so that a person's guilt or innocence, incarceration or liberty, is not at the whim of an individual. 
 It is not for the likes of me to make such judgments. 
 It is for me to present the case to the courts. 
 I am neither judge nor jury. 
 I'm simply an instrument of the law. 
 It sounds like you have found the answer to your quandary, Mr Bucket. 
 I'm afraid I have, Mr Venus. 
 Though it will give me no satisfaction... I must do what the law demands of me. 
 Right, hold on, let's make a little hole. 
 So, is the plant inside the seed? 
 Yeah, it is. 
 How does it fit in there? 
 Well, it's like when you were a baby, and me and your mum, we fed you, gave you milk to drink and then you grew from this...  ( He whistles )  ...to this! 
 It's the same with these seeds - we'll water them, keep them warm, then they'll grow. Just like you did. 
 So, I was a seed? 
 Yeah, yeah, you were. 
 But you didn't put me in mud. 
 No, no, no, you had a bed, but it's the same thing. 
 It's just a place to keep you warm. 
 And then, when it grows up, we mix it up with vinegar, make a magic potion that makes you grow eight feet tall, till you bump your 'ead on the ceiling. 
 Will it, Mum? 
 Maybe ten feet. 
 ( Tim chuckles ) 
 We'll have to fold you in half just to get you through the doorway! 
 ( All laugh ) 
 I'm just popping out, see if Silas is back yet. 
 I'll go, sweetheart. 
 No, it's all right, you stay and plant your seeds. I won't be long. 
 Can I put the water on now? 
 All right, but you've got to do it really gently. 
 We don't want 'em drowning, do we? 
 No. 
 Bye. 
 Yeah, bye, love. 
 ( Knocks on door ) 
 Leave me in peace. 
 ( Knocking continues ) 
 I've done what you asked! Now leave me alone! 
 ( Knocking continues ) 
 Matthew. You're back. 
 Arthur. 
 How often I've wished you were here and not in America. 
 Now I am. 
 But what brings you back so soon? 
 I have business here to attend to. 
 What kind of business? 
 Meriwether Compeyson. 
 ( Clamour ) 
 ( All shout ) 
 ( Crashing, shouting ) 
 Yes, Inspector? 
 I have a prisoner. 
 Sergeant! 
 I'm coming! Just a moment, Inspector. 
 ( Clamour intensifies ) 
 ( Shouting, thumping ) 
 ( Clamour ) 
 Go home, Mrs Cratchit. 
 You're letting me go? 
 I don't understand... 
 A man will hang for the murder of Jacob Marley... and having looked into his eyes today and seen the evil that dwells there... I am at peace with that. 
 Though I know I would never have peace again... were I to send you to stand beside him at the gallows. 
 ( She gasps ) 
 Go home to your family, Emily. 
 Quickly, before my reason returns. 
 ( He sighs ) 
 ( She sighs ) 
 Inspector. 
 I shall call on you tomorrow, Barbary. 
 As discussed. 
 I look forward to it, Sir Leicester. 
 ( He knocks on carriage ) 
 ( Horse whinnies ) 
 ( Giggling ) 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 