Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x04 - Woody - Cardinal 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x04 - Woody https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=817&t=31061 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/16/17 00:12 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x04 - Woody 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on Cardinal... 
 Delorme :  He buys black market chips, cashes them in. 
 It shows how Cardinal launders his rat money. 
 Commanda :  What's the story here, Francis? 
 None of your business. 
 I shouldn't have told your mom that we're trying to have a baby. 
 I'm sorry. 
 Speaking of which, shouldn't we know something? 
 Delorme :  No. I found out a couple days ago. 
 Cardinal :  My wife has bipolar disorder. 
 Delorme :  Our thief is staking out these stores. 
 He follows his targets home with their new stuff, Hannam :  Melissa and Douglas London. Their son, Keith, was supposed to arrive home last night Cardinal :  He has his next victim. Eric :  This is Edie's show now. I know she doesn't look like much, but she's ready. [Bang] [Lens Shutter Click] I made him bleed. For you. ["Familiar" -Agnes Obel] ♪ 
♪  Took a walk to the summit at night,  ♪ 
♪  you and I  ♪ 
♪  To burn a hole in the old grip of the familiar,  ♪ 
♪  you and I  ♪ 
♪  And the dark was opening wide,  ♪ 
♪  do or die  ♪ 
♪ Woody :  That is something you, you learn very early on,  not to ah, judge by volume. That... that could be a laptop,  or maybe it's just a blender. [Chuckling] Yeah, oh it's funny, you know, people, they ask me that all the time. They do. Everybody wants to know how you stayed in the game for so long? Well, I don't mind answering. It's a good question. People think it's a lot of ducking around and diving and all that stuff but it's not. It's-it's waiting. And now, Man, that is like a sieve. I could get in and out of there so fast. [Chuckling] Nobody is watching this. [Humming] [Solemn Instrumental] ♪ [Heavy Breathing] [Echoing] Where's Keith? [Heavy Breathing] [Echoing] Where's Keith? [Dreamlike Music] [Echoing]  Where's Keith? [Ominous Music] [Inhales Deeply] [Eerie Music] ♪ Hey. Hey. I can't stay. I'm on my way in. John. You didn't say that you found Katie Pine. Who told you about that? You shouldn't be thinking about that. Hey. All right, come here. [Dramatic Music] ♪ 
♪ [Sizzling] ♪ Well that looks fun. Fox :  Yeah, all hands on deck. Yeah, word got out the killer's got another victim. Phones have been ringing off the hook. Now we've got press coming from all over. Delorme :  Commanda? Hold up. Hey. Question for you. Do you have any reason to believe there is money being laundered through Thunderbird Casino? Well nothing organized, just small stuff. Delorme :  You know who's doing it? Point you in a direction. Is this a factor in the killings? A loose end from when I was at Financial. My old Sergeant's leaning on me,  which is why I was hoping I could ask a favour. My suspect cashed in chips four nights ago. Knowing that do you think you could get your hands on some of the money he used to buy them? Get my hands on it. Just some serial numbers. A sample. If I can trace the money back to its source, it could help me. I don't suppose you're gonna tell me who your suspect is. I don't want to implicate anyone if this doesn't prove out. If it does you'll hear all about it. Cardinal :  Delorme? Keith London came by bus. His parents confirmed it. Does he know you're working two jobs? He'd kill me. Keep it to yourself? I'll see what I can do. [Pulsing Music] ♪ Cardinal :  So what was that all about? You and Commanda? I worked with him on the Latraverse case. He was our point man on the reserve. [Phone Vibrating] Just catching up. I'm sorry, I gotta take this. Yeah? Okay. Yeah, I will. No, Josh, I will. Sorry. It's fine. Hasn't been easy for him, my transfer from Financial. The different pace. Yeah, well it's... it's not always this way. But this is what I always wanted, to be homicide. I mean no one grows up hoping to investigate real estate fraud. So how'd you end up there? I was good at it. Doors kept opening. I was there. It was easy. Do you know anything about audiovisual equipment? I can't get it to play. I know it works. I've played it before. Edie, uh, she still has this manual. It's sort of classic Edie when you think about it, keeping this filed away. I think it has like some sort of sentimental value to it, 'cause her mom bought it in some sort of rare spasm of sobriety. Some friend bought them a VHS tape about a skin thing, some sort of  new abrasion laser thing for the eczema and it just sat there for months unwatched like some sort of beacon. That's how Edie puts it, like a beacon of hope. But also if you think about it, it was like a beacon of neglect, right? Like by her mom, to just let it sit there? And anyways through the right combination of Edie's begging and ah, some sort of uptick in maternal hormones, she stepped up  and bought this very VCR so they could watch it together and, uh,  that's what they did. And what happened? What do you mean? That's the end of the story. Cardinal :  6:30 from Sudbury two nights ago. Employee :  Yeah, to be honest, so many people come through. Cardinal :  Does that camera work? Imagine so. Cardinal :  Call your boss, tell him we need tapes from every camera in the station, all right? Tell him if the system erases on a loop that it needs to be stopped instantly. Do I need to say any of that again? I'll call my boss. And we need to know if there is any unclaimed luggage from that bus. They're checking surrounding businesses for CCTV. Yeah, well, there's nothing in here to indicate he was meeting anyone. Guitar supplies but  no guitar. Delorme :  No, he'd take it with him. If he has a guitar, he wouldn't check it. Have you never dated a musician? No. You? One or two. So he, um, takes his guitar into the night, planning to be back for the ten o'clock to Toronto. Yeah. Where do you go in Algonquin Bay to kill three hours? Let's do Willow Street, work our way downtown. Delorme :  Yeah. The killer had Katie Pine for over a week, finished off Curry in just four days. Cardinal :  Might be nothing. Might be situational. Delorme :  Or he's accelerating. Isn't that how these guys work? It takes more and more to get them excited so they speed up through their routines. He might be tired of Keith already. Edie :  Drink. Okay Keith, this is gonna be very hard to watch but I need you to watch it. So if you can't keep your eyes open, I can help you. [Eerie Music] ♪ Let me know what you think. [Crescendoing Music] ♪ [Whispering] Eric:  Hey, hey, hey, wake up. Wake up, come on. Hey, it's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. [Crescendoing Music] [Rapid Breathing] [Eerie Music] ♪ [Tinkly Music] ♪ Woody :  Here we are, we are, the people of Babel. We're just, you know, around, going about our business. Oh, no. [Deep Voice] It's God  and God is not happy. Na-ha. Nah-ha. I'm not happy. Kristin : Hello, boys. Woody :  Not happy at all. Hi. Hi. Nooo! Woody :  You have smitten us down. Kristin :  Whatcha doin'? I'm just, uh, teaching Aiden the fine art of smiting the people. [Chuckling] Kristin :  So I, uh, I ran into Don today. He said that you should come by. Hey. [Chuckling] Okay. Right. Yeah, today at four. He said that he's had some turnover lately and he could probably get you some shifts. Hi! Jesus Christ. Oh, just go by. See what he has to say. Ahh! Did you run into him or did you call him? Did you call him? The police were at our door, Woody. Listen, it is a real job  with a real wage and a regular shift. Yeah, and all I have to do is kiss your brother's ass. He's trying to help. Woody :  He doesn't have to help. Why does he think he needs to help us? Perhaps because you undermine me in front of him. Is that what I'm doing? I'm undermining you? Baby, I just need you to have faith in me, okay? This is who I am. You knew that when you met me. Yeah, well, things change. Oh. Today at four. I'll know if you don't turn up. [Background Music] Yeah, the kid with a guitar. He was here? Are you sure? He got sick. I remember people who get sick. Delorme :  What? He threw up? Bartender :  Two beers in. So either he got started before he got here or I don't know, maybe he had some sort of stomach thing. Did he come alone? It was a busy night. Did he talk with anyone? Leave with anyone? Look, I'm sorry. Cardinal :  Your staff that night. Names and numbers. Write 'em down, please. And any customers you recall, any regulars. Are you serious? Yeah, write those down too. And then we'll be out of your hair. Toxicology says Todd Curry had a,  a cocktail of drugs in his system, prescription stuff, stuff a doctor wouldn't mix. Delorme :  No 'cause it will make you sick. You see Keith at the bar. At the bus station, either way. You follow him. You see he's alone. You spike his drink. He gets sick, he gets weak. You scoop him up. Let's put together a canvass. Yeah. Clinics, pharmacies, veterinarians. Anyone who might stock this stuff. Find out if there's been any uh, thefts or any break-ins. [Dramatic Music] Someone you know? No. [Knocking] Ah, come on. Commanda :  Can I come in? I got nothing to say to you. Commanda :  That's okay, I'll do the talking. I wanted to talk about a client of yours. I don't have clients, A, and, B, it's not against the law to have poker chips. We went through that just last visit. Commanda :  Is there coffee I smell? It's old. Hours or days? This morning. May I? Knock yourself out. Commanda :  So, uh, a few nights ago a client of yours cashed out, which means that you probably sold him some chips recently. Would you happen to have any of that Is this a shakedown? No. Because look around, there's not a lot you can pull out of me here. This is not a shakedown, Francis. If you'd open your eyes, you'd see that something positive was happening here. Francis :  How's that? Well I'm coming for your help, which means I'm not coming for you. If I had a client and if I sold him chips, which I didn't, you'll never get him. Hm. So what tells you that? All of history. Some types you just don't catch, let's put it that way. Well maybe we need to change that. I scheduled a press conference this evening. I want you there. To say what? That we're nowhere? It comes from above. People need to know that action is being taken. People do? Or management does? Dyson :  Mister and Mrs. London, I'm Detective Sergeant Noelle Dyson. The police in Toronto have shared with us that Keith was in constant contact with his girlfriend, Claire,  but that you haven't spoken to him in over a week? That's right. Cardinal :  Well the last message sent from Keith's phone  was this picture. Does that seem out of character for your son? Well, yes. Why would he send that? Cardinal :  It's possible he didn't. That's what we're trying to find out. We know when the message was sent. What we're trying to work out is from where. This man has been in your town for months  hunting. Is that true? Yes. How do you let that happen? Keith never should have been here. It's my fault. What do you mean? We told him after high school he could travel. We thought he'd go overseas. He wanted to go out west and see his friends and write music. I fought him. Told him it was a waste of time, insisted he come home. He refused so I cut off his credit card  to force him back. He was on that bus because of me. Cardinal :  Hey. You were right. We need to have a press conference. Well, thank you. It's not up for debate. Why the change of heart? We need to get the word out, what we know. [Eerie Music] ♪ 
 
 Stop. What's with you? Don't talk about my mother. This is the VCR thing? It's not his business. Yeah, well, it's not like he's gonna tell anybody. Well, I don't like it, Eric, so don't do it. Hey. Hey. Your mother is nothing, Edie. She's a hole in the air. I want you to think about how you're gonna finish Keith off, okay? Picture it. 'Cause once you do it, no one's gonna hurt you again. Hey. Tonight you say goodbye to the little girl who your mom sh1t on and say hello to whoever you want to be. I can't wait. [Eerie Music] ♪ 
♪ [Ethereal Music] ♪ Don :  I got a truck with a busted transmission and I'm down a driver to the flu so, clients calling left and right. Heavy is the head that wears the crown, eh? Have a seat. So, I ran into my sister. That's okay, Don. I know she called you,  you don't have to pretend. Well look, I do have some hours if this is something you're interested in. You comfortable with a plow rig? You know, got a steering wheel, I can drive it. And you're okay with the early mornings? [Chuckles] If I haven't smoked too much meth the night before. Woody, look, I know you got it in your head that... I don't know... I may not think highly of you,  but I'm telling you this, I just want to help my sister. Now do you want this or not? I do. Okay. You start tomorrow, five a.m. Great. Don :  There is the issue of the other stuff, the way of life. That's gonna have to end, Woody, one hundred percent. I'm sorry. I-I don't know what you're talking about. I have a reputation in this community and I can't have one of my guys caught up in that. It has to stop. That's why I'm here. Good. I'm relieved. I know Kristen's relieved and hey, we all have to grow up eventually, right? [Footsteps] Good evening. This will be a brief statement and we aren't taking any questions at this time. Seven days ago, the body of Katie Pine, 13,  of the Nipissing First Nations, was found on Windigo Island. Two days later, on March 8th, we discovered the body of Todd Curry, 17, of Sudbury. We have reason to suspect foul play in both instances and we have reason to believe that they are connected. We also believe that a third person  may be in jeopardy. Detective John Cardinal is the Chief Investigator. [Lens Shutter Clicking] We are appealing to the public for information about Keith Russell London. He's 19, from Toronto. He's six foot tall, brown hair, hazel eyes and he may be in possession of a guitar. [Clicking] He travelled to Algonquin Bay by bus. He arrived the night before last. How do they know about him? Shhh. Cardinal :  Anyone who might have spoken to,  might have seen Keith Russell London is urged to come forward  and contact us. [Clicking] Keith's mother, Melissa London, would now like to say a few words. [Clicking] I am Keith's mom and I uh... Tell them about your son,  Mrs. London. He's a good young man. He's a bright,  loving young man and we, we- Tell them how you wanted him to come home. He wanted to travel more. But I just wanted my boy to come home. [Weeping] Thank you, Mrs. London. We have no further comment. [Clicking] Dyson :  What the hell is wrong with you? You don't think this woman is going through enough? The killer gets off on his victim's pain. Now he gets to toy with the family too. Dyson :  Well how good of you  to provide him with that opportunity. Did you know about this? No. It was my call. This is new ground for him. He'll savour it. It buys us time and if I'd asked you wouldn't have let me bring her on stage. Dyson :  You're damn right I wouldn't have. Because you just might have given this guy the climax that he was after  and now he's gonna finish the kid off. We can share this. You don't have to carry the whole thing. Your parents are in town. How do you know that? I saw your mom on TV just now. Uh, she's not holding up very well. What did she say? Kind of hard to make out the words. Just please tell me why you're doing this. Tell him, Edie. We don't ask why. Eric :  Is there anything you want to tell your parents? What do you mean? Like if you, like if you could talk to them. What would you say? Would you say you love them? WHAT ELSE? We're gonna give them something! We're gonna give them a message. Give it some thought. I'm not gonna let you torture them. It's too late for that. Well I'm not gonna help you make them suffer. Eric :  We're either gonna send them a message  or we're gonna send them a piece. What would be better, huh? A chunk of Keith? [Groaning] Eric :  Keith? [Groaning] So just come up with those thoughtful little words of yours. Edie :  You should be happy. You were gonna die tonight. [Ethereal Music] ♪ Edie :  What about the police? You saw them. They're nowhere. If Detective John Cardinal had the first clue about us, he would have knocked down our door already. Do you think he liked being on TV? What, the detective? Yeah, most of them like it, even when they pretend they don't. I couldn't tell with him. [Exhales Deeply] What are you doing? Eric :  Come on. Take up some space with me. Edie :  You're ridiculous. Eric :  Oh yeah? You ever tried it? Come on. Come out here. Spread your legs. Put your arms out. Take a deep breath. [Inhales Deeply] [Eerie Music] ♪ Commanda :  Yeah. Serial numbers from six different bills, all fifties. I'll get you back. Be careful. What does that mean? You're young and hungry and you're good. Sometimes the reward for that can be cases you can't win. If this is nothing, no one will be more relieved than me. [Clink] Who's there? Josh? Josh :  Ha, John Cardinal. Can we talk? We need to talk. We had a thing tonight. I cooked. And she promised she'd be there and then she didn't turn up. Cardinal :  She has a lot going on. Josh :  Oh, I know. No one's work is as important as yours,  God knows. Which is sort of the point. Why did she promise to come? To your dinner? Josh :  To my dinner. Knowing how busy she is. It's like she set it up to fail. We're trying to have a kid. She tell you that? That's none of my business. Josh :  Yeah, well,  here's something detective-y for ya. I was searching for her cigarette stash, I know she's smoking again,  which I'm thinking it's not cool, right, for the baby but,  the joke's on me because I didn't find any cigarettes, I found these. You're drunk. You want to think about what you're doing. Are you two having an affair? No. Right. To be honest, I half hoped you were because if this isn't about another guy, I don't know what to make of it. She says things will return to normal when she's back in Financial, but I don't know how you come back from this. What do you mean when she's back in Financial? Josh :  The transfer to CIS, it's temporary. It's some assignment. You didn't know that? Where is she anyway? If her case is so full on, why aren't you with her? Ugh. I don't feel very good. Hannam? Yeah. Can you run some bills for me? On Katie Pine? Nah, it's a different thing. I need to know if this money is associated with any criminal activity. Nope. These are new bills. But they can't be. Look at the issue dates. That's fresh money, straight from the bank. Someone laundered this money. Why would you launder new bills? Cardinal :  Hey. Hey. I ran into Josh. He's had a bit to drink. Managed to get him in the door before the  barfing started. But he's fine now. You cleaned up. It's done. It was nothing. It was fluids mostly. Where did you run into him? In a bar. You could have called me. I would have- I didn't want to interrupt whatever you were doing. I-I was just catching up on paperwork. Thank you. Yeah. I know a lot of people, they don't approve of what I do. [Chuckles] You can't listen to that though, I mean, you can't do this job without a thick skin, right? And you know what? Those people are just... you know, they're envious of me. They um... [Sighs] [Background Television Chatter] [Snoring] [Creaking] Woody :  Hello? Hel-lo! [Pulsing Music] ♪ 
♪ Woody :  Bingo. [Humming & Pulsing Music] ♪ [Crescendoing Music] [Muffled Screams] Woody :  Okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Shh-shh-shh. Woody :  Please be quiet. Let's be quiet now. Shh-shh-shh. Untie me! Untie me! Okay. Oh my God. Before they come. There's a woman upstairs sleeping upstairs. Unite me. Untie me. Be quiet. Please! Please! Please! You gotta be quiet now. [Fast Breathing] [Door Closing] Keith :  Please hurry! Please hurry. Hurry. [Suspenseful Music] ♪ Keith :  Oh! Ah! Shut up. Or I'm out. [Pulsing Music] ♪ Shh-shh. [Footsteps] [Whispering] Woody :  Okay, so, let's, uh,  let's just be calm. ERIC! Woody :  No need-no need for anybody to freak out here. [Running Footsteps] Stop. Woody :  Okay. Okay. Who are you? How'd you find us? I didn't, uh, I didn't find you, uh... Let's just take a breath here, okay? Shoot him. No, no. No, no. I-I... I picked the wrong house. Okay? That's what's happening here. I-I came for the guitar. Eric, you have to shoot him! You're a burglar? Well done, burglar. Jackpot. Shoot him! I got a lookout waiting outside in the car. He's waiting for me. If you fire the gun, he hears it. You're lying. What's his name? Aiden. It's Aiden. You know how I know you're not telling the truth? Ah! [Grunting] [Grunting] [Laughing] I swear I will kill her. There's no one outside, Keith. You know how I know? "I picked the wrong house" and then he switched. Then he switched to 'we'. But there is no 'we' Keith, so I can shoot Keith :  I swear. Move back or I'll kill her. Eric :  I wonder if you've got the strength to do that, Keith. In your state? To push that screwdriver through her neck? It's tougher than you think,  flesh is. [Clicks] [Bang] [Heavy Breathing] [Eerie Music] ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 