Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x16 - My Heavy Meddle - Scrubs 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x16 - My Heavy Meddle https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=1027&t=42839 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/19/21 15:49 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x16 - My Heavy Meddle 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Open -- Hospital 
 J.D.'s Thoughts: When you're a doctor you need to be prepared for anything. 
Heart attacks, drug overdoses, gunshot wounds, but one thing you can't 
prepare for is what happens after you break up with a co-worker. 
 J.D. bumps into Elliot 
 J.D.: Watch where you're walking! 
 Elliot: You watch where you're walking. 
 J.D.'s Thoughts: Don't let her get the last word. 
 J.D.: [shouting down the hall] Just... You watch where you're walking. 
 Elliot: [from down the hall] You watch where you're walking! 
 J.D.: Damn! 
 Another time, J.D.'s wearing different colored scrubs denoting a passage of 
time 
 J.D.'s Thoughts: Try as hard as you can to avoid them, you're bound to run 
into them one day. 
 J.D. and Elliot see and then avoid each other in the hospital hallway 
 J.D. and Elliot see each other at the nurse's station 
 J.D.'s Thoughts: And the next day... 
 J.D. and Elliot are at adjacent batting cages. Elliot sees J.D. 
 J.D.'s Thoughts: And the next day. 
 J.D.: You don't even play sports. 
 Elliot: It so happens, this helps me to relieve stress. 
 She takes a swing and misses. J.D. laughs. 
 J.D.: Feel better? 
 A ball hits him in the head and he falls. Elliot laughs 
 Elliot: I do now. 
 A ball hits her in the head and knocks her down 
 ~*~ 
 At the Hospital 
The Janitor approaches J.D., who is looking at a chart 
 Janitor: Girl problems? 
 J.D.: How'd you know? 
 Janitor: You look like you got problems. You're a girl. Hence, girl 
problems. Watch your nails. 
 He slams the door of the nurse's station, which hits where J.D.'s hand was 
before he moved it 
 J.D.'s Thoughts: I guess the only positive is that our hospital is like one 
big family. So if one relationship ends, there are always plenty of others 
around that you can rely on. 
 Cox walks in 
 J.D.: Dr. Cox, I was wondering- 
 Dr. Cox: I'd say you're about a B-cup. [looking at J.D.'s chest] Yeah. 
 Cox walks away, and the camera lands on the Janitor 
 Janitor: At least they're real. 
 J.D.'s Thoughts: Yep, it's a good place to heal. 
 ~*~ 
OPENING THEME 
COMMERCIAL 
~*~ 
 J.D. and Turk's apartment 
 J.D.: [on the phone] Look Mom, I gotta go. [pause] He did. [pause] Wow. 
[pause] Yeah, alright, I love you too, bye. 
 He hangs up the phone 
 J.D.: My high school teacher Mr. Peters died. He was a great guy. 
 Turk: You okay? 
 J.D.'s Thoughts: Even though I see death all the time now, I still react the 
exact same way I did when I was a kid. 
 J.D.: Doin' a lot better than Mr. Peters. [smiles] 
 Turk: Dude! 
 ~*~ 
 The Hospital 
Cox walks through a door 
 Dr. Cox: 'Sup, Newbie? 
 J.D.: My mom called and said my favorite high school teacher just died. 
 Dr. Cox: Yeah, the correct answer to that question is 'Nothing, Sir.' 
 Looks into a room 
 Dr. Cox: Oh. My. God. Would you look at this hellhole? If I have to see 
one more broken down piece of equipment, one more gomer who is shuffled back 
and forth between some godforsaken home, one more patient who is denied 
treatment because they got the wrong insurance, I... There are times when 
I'm all by myself, and I concentrate as hard as I can to see if I can't make 
myself catch on fire like the human torch. And mark my words, Newbie, if I 
ever pull it off, I will be back here to destroy this place. 
 He stops in the doorway of a room 
 J.D.: I used to like the Silver Surfer. 
 Makes a surfing motion 
 J.D.: Hang ten! Hang... 
 Dr. Cox: Get in here. 
 They walk into the room 
 J.D.'s Thoughts: I guess after a while you get used to Dr. Cox's rants. 
 Dr. Cox: And of course the lab tech is nowhere to be found, so I can't get 
that tox-screen I was looking for. [picking up a pad] What do you say we 
write him a friendly note, shall we? 'Dear Incompetent Dumbass...' 
 Cox stops writing 
 J.D.'s Thoughts: The truth is that Dr. Cox isn't really angry. He's just 
amusing himself. 
 Cox shoves the computer off the lab tech's desk 
 J.D.'s Thoughts: Okay, maybe he's a little angry. 
 Cox pushes a counter-full of supplies onto the ground 
 J.D.: [mumbling] We didn't need those... so... all done? 
 Cox picks up a stool and throws it through a window to another lab. The lab 
techs inside run for cover and poke their heads up after the glass settles. 
 J.D.: [through the window] He broke his pencil... 
 More crashes are heard off-screen and things fly behind J.D. 
 ~*~ 
 J.D. and Turk's apartment 
Elliot is sitting on the couch with books in her hand, and Turk is in the 
kitchen area 
 Elliot: Turk, you are going to be so happy you picked me to co-write this 
study. 
 She is piling books up on the table 
 Turk: Hell yeah. I thought we'd start off by having a couple of beers. 
 Elliot: [she scoffs] Uh, yeah. I got all the info I could find on 
peripheral vascular disease, and then I highlighted the important passages 
and color-coded them to correspond with the outline on the back of your 
packet. 
 Turk: But I don't have a packet. 
 Elliot whips out a packet 
 Turk: Look at that, Turk's packet. So you did this last night. 
 Elliot: Yeah. Why? What'd you do? 
 Turk: Well, Carla had to work, so I scarfed down a bunch of fast food, 
right, and I got back home at around 7 o'clock. I went to the bathroom at 
about 8. I got out of there at 11:15. It was a good night. 
 Elliot: I'm a nervous poo-er. 
 J.D.: Yo, you are not going to believe what Dr. Cox... 
 He sees Elliot 
 J.D.: It's you. 
 Elliot: Yeah. It's me. 
 J.D.'s Thoughts: Ugh. Could Turk have picked anyone worse to be doing this 
project with? 
 ***Fantasy sequence: The Janitor is sitting in Elliot's place, wearing 
glasses 
 Janitor: If this is a peripheral vascular disease study, they might find it 
essential to exclude all clottication patients not currently on 
pentoxyphylline. What are you looking at?! 
 *** 
 J.D.: Uh, I'm going to go to bed. 
 Turk: Elliot, are you going to go with him? 
 Turk: It's too early for jokes, huh? That's good to know. It's good to 
know. 
 ~*~ 
 Hospital 
 Dr. Kelso: Interesting. It isn't often I'm paged by a nurse. As a matter 
of fact, the last time was when... oh, what was her name? She hasn't 
worked here since then. Oh never mind, what can I do for you and your coma 
patient here? 
 Carla: Well, I came across Mr. Rice's advanced directive, and he has a few 
requests he would like us to honor. 
 Dr. Kelso: Let's see. Blinds open. That's done. Incense burning. Close 
enough. Glad you called. 
 Carla: Dr. Kelso? He also wants to hear Poison's 'Talk Dirty to Me' once a 
day. 
 Dr. Kelso: He wants to hear whose what? 
 Carla: Poison. It's a heavy metal band. 
 Dr. Kelso: Oh, like Motley Crue, and Winger. My son was a bit of a 
headbanger. 
 Carla: I'll get a tape-deck in here and we'll just... 
 Dr. Kelso: Miss Espinoza, that's not necessary. 
 Carla: It's just one song. 
 Dr. Kelso: It's starts out as just one song, but then before you know it, 
half of the hospital staff is running around piercing their genitalia, and 
fornicating in the back of vans. Unless a family member shows up to enforce 
the directive, we really don't have to do anything. Now, will you do me a 
favor, and just forget about it, sweetheart? 
 Carla: Of course. 
 Another part of the Hospital 
Carla is talking to Ted 
 Carla: So do you think you can help me locate one of his family members? 
 Ted: I guess I could try to locate one through some legal channels, but I'm 
really swamped. 
 Carla: You know, I love your worry lines. They're so adorable, they're like 
sexy little forehead smiles. 
 Ted: Careful, I've been hurt before. 
 Ted walks away and J.D. walks up to the nurse's station 
 J.D.: You are not going to believe what happened yesterday. Dr. Cox just 
went ballistic and destroyed an entire lab room. 
 Laverne and Carla look at each other 
 J.D.: Oh yeah. Broken computers, chairs through windows, shattered beakers. 
Beakers, people, beakers. How is this not good gossip? 
 Carla: J.D., he does this year. And whatever you do, don't get caught in 
his wake, because if you do, he's taking you down. 
 Laverne: Downtown. 
 J.D.: [nervously] All the way? 
 J.D. and Turk's Apartment 
J.D., in his pajamas, is brushing his teeth when he hears knocking 
 J.D.: [to Rowdy] Okay boy. [louder] Who is it? 
 The knocking continues. J.D. looks out the peephole and gasps loudly 
 Dr. Cox: [through the peephole] Listen up, little piggy. You open up this 
door in the next three seconds or I will start huffing and puffing. 
 Cox starts blowing 
 J.D.: But Dr. Cox, I... 
 Cox starts counting with his fingers 
 J.D.: Okay! Okay! 
 Dr. Cox: Oh dear lord, please tell me that's not a onesie. 
 J.D.: Look, Dr. Cox, I'd invite you in, but I... 
 Dr. Cox: Marcia, I have no interest in coming in. 
 J.D.: Oh thank God. 
 Cox grabs J.D. and yanks him out the doorway 
 Dr. Cox: We're going out. 
 ~*~ 
 The Hospital On-Call Room 
Elliot and Turk are working on their project 
 Elliot: Okay, we can finish the synopsis for chapter four and process the 
Stegman data if we pull an all-nighter. 
 Turk: Elliot, this isn't due for another month. 
 Elliot: Yeah, but if we finish one week early we can just sit back and play 
with the fonts and margins. 
 Turk: [scared] Oh, whoo... Tonight's date night with Carla, and I got on 
special underwear. 
 Elliot: Go. Do you mind if I keep working? 
 Turk: Yeah, that works for me. 
 The Todd sits up from the couch where he was lying unseen 
 Todd: I'm wearing special underwear too. [whispering] They're invisible. 
 Elliot: Yeah, I get it Todd, I'm just kind of busy here. 
 Todd: Oh, no time for the Todd. All the project geeks are busy working 
tonight. 
 He lies back down on the couch 
 Elliot: Excuse me? 
 Todd gets back up 
 Todd: All the surgical interns pick a project geek from medical to write our 
reports for us. 
 Elliot: [pointing at herself with a pen] I'm not a geek. 
 Todd: What's that on your finger? 
 Elliot: [putting down her pen and looking at her index finger] It's a 
rubber thingie that I wear to help me turn the pages... [realization 
arrives] quicker... 
 Todd lies back down, laughing 
 Todd: She said rubber thingie. 
 ~*~ 
 Nurse's Station 
Turk jumps up onto the counter in front of Carla 
 Carla: [on the phone] Thank you. 
 Turk: Excuse me, nurse. I'm ready for my sponge bath. 
 Carla: Oh, sweetie, I'm so sorry, I can't. I gotta go pick up a CD for this 
coma patient of mine. 
 Turk: But I'm wearing silk boxers. 
 Carla: Turk... 
 Turk: They're the ones with the little dogs holding the big money bags. 
 Carla: Sweetie, I love your money pants, I do. It's just that I really feel 
somebody needs to take care of this guy. 
 Turk: How is it that you can blow me off, and it just makes you seem sexier? 
 Carla: [smiling] Cause you're whipped. 
 Turk: I thought so. 
 They kiss 
 Carla: Thank you. 
 A Bar 
J.D. just finished rinsing his toothbrush in a shot glass; he takes a sip 
 J.D.: Ah, minty. 
 He puts the toothbrush in his mouth, which gets a look from Cox 
 J.D.: Okay, so we're here. What do you want to talk about? 
 Cox: Laura, if you don't toss that shot back, I'm going to throw you up on 
the bar and make you sing the theme song from 'Endless Love'. 
 J.D. drinks 
 J.D.: Ah, yucky. 
 Cox: Yucky? 
 J.D.: Yucky. 
 Cox: My god, I'm drinking with a mouseketeer. [to bartender] Two more. 
 J.D.: So if you're not going to talk to me, what's the point of sitting here 
alone at the bar? 
 Cox: You know, it's a good point. It is [he turns behind them to a table 
with two women] Excuse me, ladies? Do you know anybody who might like to 
have a couple of free drinks? 
 The girls approach them, while J.D. turns back and furiously brushes his 
teeth; he turns back when they get to the bar 
 J.D.: Hello, ladies. [he gets off his barstool and leans his arm against a 
pole] Oh yes, it's a onesie. 
 On-Call Room 
Turk rushes in 
 Turk: Great news, Elliot. I'm back for the night. 
 Elliot: [putting on her backpack] You know what? To hell with you, Chris 
Turk. [she bumps into him roughly on her way out] 
 Turk: What the hell got into her? 
 Todd rises from the couch 
 Todd: Wazzaaaaaap? Ha ha ha! 
 Mr. Rice's room 
A boombox is playing Poison's 'Talk Dirty to Me'; Kelso walks in 
 Kelso: Could you turn that up please? 
 Carla: What? 
 Kelso: [turning off the music] I thought I told you not to play that in the 
house-uh, hospital. 
 Carla: Well, I'm just trying to do right by my patient. 
 Kelso: Well, as of this moment, he is no longer your patient. 
 Carla: Dr. Kelso, you- 
 Kelso: Young lady, when I asked you to leave it alone, I wasn't really 
asking you. It's like when I ask the paper boy to avoid hitting my 
rosebushes. I'm not leaving it up him. I'm saying, 'You damn well better 
do it, or I'm going to forget to put the chain on Baxter.' Now get on out 
of here, and take that boomblaster with you. 
 ~*~ 
 Bar 
 Girl: My relationship with Jeremy was emotionally over long before he ended 
it. 
 ***Fantasy Sequence: Close up on the girl's mouth as her voice gets more 
echoed. 
 Girl: Then I graduated from college and right away I met Ethan. 
 J.D. is pulling on a noose 
 J.D.: You don't say. Huh! 
 Girl: We had two good years, and two bad years. But not all at once. 
 J.D. now has his neck in the loop and is tightening 
 J.D.: Oh, yeah, of course. 
 ***End Sequence: The girls are leaving the bar, and J.D. approaches Cox 
 J.D.: Look, Dr. Cox. Don't get me wrong, I love getting drunk in my jammies 
just as much as the next guy, but it's late, so... 
 Cox: Thanks for coming out, there, Newbie. Hope this whole thing wasn't too 
yucky for you. [he drinks] 
 J.D.: Well. You seem fine, so... 
 Cox turns around 
 Cox: I'm not fine. I mean, why do you think we're out here at this bar at 2 
o'clock in the morning? So we can go in the urinal and piss on the ice? 
 J.D.: I love to melt the middle. 
 Cox: We're out here because if I go home and go to sleep, the only thing I'm 
going to be able to think about is that I gotta get up tomorrow morning and 
go back to that place. You wanna know something, pal? I got nothing. 
Honest to God, I got nothing. I'm cooked. 
 He takes one last drink and leaves 
 Bartender: And you owe me $53. 
 J.D.: I, uh, think I left my wallet in my other onesie. 
 ~*~ 
COMMERCIAL 
~*~ 
 Hospital 
 Carla: So the bartender just let you skip out on the tab? 
 J.D.: He said I could pay him back by giving him a complete physical, which 
is actually scary because I never mentioned I was a doctor. 
 Carla: Bambi, I warned you about getting caught up in Dr. Cox's wake. [to 
Laverne] But does he listen? 
 Laverne: You'd think so, with those ears. 
 J.D.: Uncalled for, okay? Listen, it's different this time. He showed up 
at my place. 
 Carla: He's showed up at my house before. 
 Laverne: Showed up at my momma's on Mother's Day. 
 Ted: [as he's walking by] Ruined my wedding. 
 J.D.: You know, what? I know that you guys think he's just going to shake 
all this off and be fine, but I'm telling you, I connected with the guy. 
And there's no way in hell he's just going to walk through this door and 
have a big smile on his face. 
 
 
 
 Cox walks in with a big smile on his face 
 Cox: Woohoo! What do you say, sports fans? [with a Scottish accent] It's 
a great day! 
 ~*~ 
 Cafeteria 
 Turk: Elliot, Todd has something to say to you. Todd? 
 Todd: Turk never told me you were his project geek. 
 Turk: And? 
 Todd: You look really hot eating that egg. 
 Turk pushes Todd 
 Todd: Oh, um. I'm sorry. Okay? Are we? [he raises his hand for a high 
five] 
 Turk: No. [he sits down across from Elliot and Todd leaves] 
 Elliot: Look me in the eyes and tell me I'm not a geek. 
 Turk: Come on! You still got that rubber thingie on your finger! 
 Elliot: [defensively] Eggs can be extremely slippery! 
 ~*~ 
 Outside Mr. Rice's Room 
Ted taps Carla on the shoulder, startling her 
 Carla: You scared the hell out of me. 
 Ted: I'm sorry, that always happens. No one ever expects me to be anywhere. 
 Carla: Aw, Ted. [she leaves] 
 Ted: She knows your name. [he follows her] So I found your coma patient's 
relative you were looking for. 
 Carla: Thank you! [she hugs him] Oh, thank you so much! 
 Ted: [softly] Don't let go. 
 Carla: [she lets go] What? 
 Ted: Nothing. 
 ~*~ 
 Elsewhere 
 Cox: I'm willing to acknowledge that there have been occasions during my 
tenure here when my enthusiasm... 
 J.D.: What the hell do you think you're doing? 
 Cox: Now, I'm apologizing to Franklin here for breaking his favorite 
microscope. 
 J.D.: No, see, you can't just drag me out of the house in the middle of the 
night, cry on my shoulder, and then pretend like nothing happened. 
 Cox: Alllllright, first of all, Franklin, there was no crying. [whistles at 
Franklin] Say it. 
 Franklin: No crying. 
 Cox: Good boy. [to J.D.] And you, my little precious, should give some 
thought to purchasing some non-bunching panties. They give you the extra 
support you love so much, while protecting against those offensive lines 
underneath your scrubs. 
 J.D.: Mm, I get it, I'm a girl. 
 Cox: Franklin, you heard it. Say it. 
 Franklin: He's a girl. 
 Cox: Good boy. 
 J.D.: You can't go around playing with people's emotions cause you feel like 
it. 
 Cox: Okay Newbie. I'm now going to give you an opportunity to get the hell 
out of here before I grab you by your ankles and redecorate Franklin's lab! 
 Franklin: Please go. 
 ~*~ 
 J.D. and Turk's Apartment 
 Turk: We're back! The clique is back together! 
 Elliot: Mmhmm, that is what I'm talking about. Shall we? 
 Turk: Let's do this. 
 Elaborate handshake and dance 
 Elliot: Okay, let's get back to work. Okay, but it's going to be different 
this time, okay? We take a systematic approach, we can maximize our 
efficiency. 
 Turk: I rented 'Red Dawn'. 
 Elliot: Wolverines! 
 ~*~ 
 Hospital 
 Carla: Dr. Kelso? This is Matthew Rice. 
 Ted: He's the proxy for his uncle's living will. 
 Kelso: What a happy coincidence, you showing up out of the clear blue sky. 
 Ted: Oh God. 
 Carla: You're okay. 
 Matthew: So exactly how much is my uncle leaving me? Can I ask that? 
 Carla: Oh, no, Mr. Rice. This isn't about his assets. This is about 
executing his last living requests. 
 Matthew: So... No money at all? 
 Kelso: Not a dime, kiddo. I can't tell you how glad we are to finally put 
all this tomfoolery to rest. [glaring at Carla and Ted] Once and for all! 
[to Matthew] Cup of coffee, sport? 
 Ted: What happened? I blacked out. 
 ~*~ 
 Lab 
 Cox: When you rolled out of bed this morning, did you actually say to 
yourself, 'Hey. I think today would be a terrific day to commit hara-kiri.' 
Because you realize, that's what you're doing. 
 J.D.: I just don't think you deal with your problems the way emotionally 
healthy people do. 
 Cox: Well, hold on a second there Rainbow! This just off the newswire! 
You're not licensed to comment on how people deal with their emotions! 
 J.D.: I beg to differ. 
 Cox: Well, at least I let mine go. You, if you ever were able to actually 
release all the tensions that are bottled up inside you, what would that 
look like? How would that go? 
 ***Fantasy Sequence: J.D. grabs Cox by the shoulders and headbutts him-hard. 
Cox falls to the ground. 
 J.D.: How you like me now, bitch? 
 ***End Sequence 
 J.D.: Maybe I just don't have anything bottled up. 
 Cox: Uh huh. And what happened to that schoolteacher you were prattling on 
about? 
 J.D.: Passed away. 
 Cox: Croaksville. That's what I thought. And what was the first thing you 
did when you found out that he'd died? 
 J.D.: I made a joke. 
 Cox: And jeepers, I sure hope it was a good one. I do, because here's the 
inside scoop. Life's hard enough. And there's no way in hell you can 
survive in a dump like this unless you find a way to get your emotions out. 
Fact. 
 J.D.: Well, I let my emotions out! I'll show you some of this! [he pushes 
a beaker onto the floor; Franklin walks in hugging a microscope] Oh 
Franklin, I am so sorry. [takes his stethescope off his neck] Wanna wear 
my stethescope? 
 ~*~ 
 Apartment 
 Turk: You know what's the cool thing about this movie? That this could 
really happen. 
 Elliot: Which part? The Russians invading Michigan or C. Thomas Howell 
being a tough guy? 
 Turk: Both. 
 J.D. walks in, sees the movie playing 
 J.D.: [sighs] Wolverines. [to Turk] Why is she always here? 
 Turk: We're working on my study. 
 Elliot: You know, I'm so sick of this. I mean, every time I come here, I'm 
going to see him, so just get someone else to do this stupid project with 
you. 
 Turk: No, look. Okay, maybe the reason why I asked you to work with me on 
this is because I knew it would force you and J.D. to see each other. 
 Elliot: I don't want to get back together with him. 
 Turk: I'm not saying get back together, okay? You guys made a terrible 
couple. It's just that I like you, you know? I think you're a cool person. 
 Elliot: It doesn't matter what happens between me and J.D. I mean, you and 
I can still hang out. 
 Turk: No. It can't be that way and you know it. That's my best friend. So 
either you can try and fix it or... 
 Elliot: This sucks. 
 Turk: Yeah. 
 ~*~ 
 Hospital 
 Carla: [singing] And baby we'll be at the drive-in 
 Ted: [singing] In the old man's Ford. 
 Together: [singing] Behind the bushes, til I'm screaming for more, down the 
basement, lock the cellar door. And baby, talk dirty to me. 
 Ted: I love you. 
 Carla: What? 
 Ted: [singing] Know that we'll be 
 Together: [singing] At the drive-in 
 ~*~ 
 On-Call Room 
 Elliot: Hey. What are you doing? 
 J.D.: This is an old recommendation letter from a high school teacher of 
mine. He's actually the, uh, reason I got into medicine. And he died last 
week. 
 Elliot: Well, I'm so sorry, J.D. I really am. You wanna be alone? 
 J.D.: No. 
 Elliot: Wanna cry a little? 
 J.D.: No. 
 Elliot: Wanna go throw stuff off the roof like Letterman used to do? 
 ~*~ 
 On the Roof 
 Glove full of pudding 
 Turk: [as Bill Cosby] You see, it's the pudding that splatters the best, 
because it's the pudding, and therefore I feel that the pudding pop more... 
 Carla: Who is that, Arsenio? 
 Turk: No. 
 J.D.'s Thoughts: I think everybody has their own way of releasing all the 
stuff that gets bottled up inside them. I guess it just took me a good 
friend to help me find mine. 
 Elliot: Dr. Dorian, we're ready for the finale. 
 J.D.: Thank you, Dr. Reid. Okay guys. One, two, three! 
 J.D.'s Thoughts: It felt really good. 
 The Janitor is seen shoveling the splattered watermelon and pudding into a 
garbage can 
 Janitor: [shaking his head] The horror. 
 END 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 