Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x06 - Lockdown - The Last Ship 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x06 - Lockdown https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=327&t=18951 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 07/28/14 07:56 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x06 - Lockdown 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Man over radio : If anyone can hear me, I'm just outside Trujillo. 
 I'm not sick, but I'm running out of water. 
 Woman over radio : Please. My children need help. 
 Please! If you can hear me, please call back. 
 We're out... 
 People are starting to ask about what goes on in here. 
 And what do you tell them? 
 That there's still survivors out there, that most of the news isn't good. 
 The crew knows that we cross-check every message against their files, that we'd tell them if we heard anything about their families. 
 People have no idea what's going on outside the ship, other than what the officers tell them, and that's not much. 
 Well, Dr. Scott says she's close to testing a vaccine on the monkeys. 
 We should set a course for home. No sense in idling here. 
 Agreed. 
 I know I'm not your mother... 
 [Inhales deeply] But you gotta eat, Mike. 
 I think I'm becoming a vegetarian. 
 Did you inform the galley? 
 I'm hoping to get over it. 
 [Chuckles] 
 So what's on your minds? 
 We were wondering if you'd given any thought as to what we're gonna tell the crew. 
 About Nicaragua. 
 It's our opinion, sir, that they be spared the details. 
 D.C.A. crew saw blood all over our uniforms. 
 We encountered some hostiles, like at Gitmo. 
 They don't need to know about the village, El Toro... 
 Our lovely dinner. 
 The sick people... 
 Or how close we were to them, the fact that we couldn't help. 
 You don't think they can handle it? 
 It's our job to carry the weight of this, not those kids out there. 
 And we talked to Tex and the lieutenants. 
 Everyone's on the same page. 
 And as soon as Mason's well enough, we'll give him the drill. 
 It's need to know. It's how we've always functioned. 
 Well, some things have changed. 
 We were all in the dark for four months up in the Arctic. 
 People didn't like that much. 
 They took our word for it that we were in the dark with them. 
 We start keeping information from them now... 
 I understand, sir, but... 
 The crew needs hope. 
 ♪ 
 [Monkeys chittering] 
 [Click] 
 So that's the vaccine? 
 These are vaccine prototypes. 
 There are dozens of small gene mutations between the primordial Arctic, the Egyptian, and the super virus strains. 
 The key will be targeting the right one with the right combinations. 
 Well, when you inject one of those prototypes, how long before we know it if works? 
 [Click] 
 Anywhere from a few hours to a few days. 
 [Chittering] 
 [Click] 
 But one of these  could be  the vaccine. 
 It's just a matter of finding the right gene? 
 It's not really that simple, but... 
 [Latch closes] 
 But essentially, yes. 
 [Radio chatter] 
 Captain's on the bridge! 
 [High-pitched whistle blows] 
 [P.A. beeps] 
 Good evening,  Nathan James.  This is the captain. 
 Woman : Shh. Heads up. 
 Man : Hang on. 
 I wanted to inform you all of our progress in the mission. 
 As you know, a small team entered Nicaragua to find primates for Dr. Scott's test,  which she hopes will be a vaccine against the virus. 
 While there, we encountered a drug lord who enslaved 150 people. 
 We eliminated his men We also encountered several dozen infected people, including children. Yesterday, we couldn't help them. But perhaps tomorrow, we will be able to, because we came back to the Nathan James with 34 monkeys. Dr. Scott will now conduct her trials on those monkeys. But we... We are not waiting. We're setting a course for home. By the time we get there, we believe Dr. Scott will have a vaccine, and our mission will be completed. Today's a good day. Carry on. [Beep] Them Kardashian girls always getting into trouble. You think they're still fighting for press? No doubt. No doubt. Oh, man. I just hate reading about people breaking up. [Water running] I may not look it, but I'm a softie. I like seeing people getting together. Yeah, man, I bet ya do. I got a theory about you. You keep going on about this no fraternization business, and I think maybe you just want me to keep my grubby hands off the girl you're sweet on. You better tell me, amigo. Don't want our swords crossin' by accident. [Hanger clatters] [Laughs] I'm just messin' with ya 'cause I already know who she is. Yeah, keep talking, Tex. All right, I will. [Inhales deeply] I'll bet you 10 to 1 that... She's a lieutenant, and her initials are... K.F.C. Without the "C." [Coughs] Kara. [Punches bunk] [Grunts] I swear to God, if you say anything... [Chuckles] Buddy, your secret's safe with me. Doesn't matter anyways. It's over. Didn't look over to me. Well, it is. It has to be. Did you see Mason? His leg's pretty messed up. He really didn't want to talk about what they saw out there. Master chief looked right through me on the bridge, and nobody's seen the X.O. all day. You really think Dr. Scott's close to having a vaccine? I'm not counting my chickens. So...[Scoffs] The captain's just trying to buck everyone up? So we're going home then? Seem like. How long will that take? From here, seven to ten days, probably. Not sure if we're gonna have to refuel. And where will that be? It's above my pay grade, man. Have any idea what they'll do with me? Wherever we end up, I'm sure we'll find a little place to make a cell for you. It's the end of days. You really think the captain will bother with that? He ain't gonna let you roam free. Why should he? [Sighs] This is madness. The fate of the world hangs in the balance. I can be of help to Dr. Scott. It was me who found the altered gene when they let me back in the lab. You tried to kill everyone on the ship. And I didn't go through with it. I was scared, desperate to save my family from Ruskov. Look, man, I can't help you. And if I could, I wouldn't. So let's just stick to chess, okay? Save your whining for someone else or take it up with the captain. Check. [Chittering and whimpering] [Whispers] I'm sorry. I increased the concentration of her vaccine and gave her some epinephrine, though I can't say that I am altogether hopeful. But you expected this could happen. I expected that there might be some setbacks. The virus seems to be a little bit more complicated to target than I anticipated. And the added gene might not be one that I've identified as of yet. So you don't really have an answer for what's going wrong? I'm still trying to figure out what the right questions are. You've gotta be kidding me. This is all part of the scientific process. You heard what I told the crew earlier. I did, and I kinda wish you hadn't been so optimistic. Really? I said that I was ready to test. I did not say that I had the vaccine. You brought tea. You said you would've brought champagne. I am making progress. It doesn't seem like it. The biggest breakthroughs almost always come after the most enormous setbacks. You just need to be patient. [Sighs deeply] And how you gonna dispose of them? They're going to need to be tossed overboard. I can't leave them there rotting. [Exhales deeply] Do it at night. Flight deck. If anyone asks, just tell them that's hazardous waste... Which is what it is. Slattery : There's no way they all died. Chandler : Six for six. [Sighs deeply] She has no idea why. Jesus. I thought you said she had it. Apparently it's a little more complicated than that. She's got 28 more, right? And if she keeps testing six at a time, it might not leave her much wiggle room. I don't wanna burn any more fuel or time moving towards home when we may be turning around and heading back to Nicaragua. So we're stopping the ship. Well, the closer we get to home, the harder it's gonna be on everyone if we reverse course. We just told everyone she's on the verge of having the vaccine. Now what are we saying? She's gonna be discreet with how she disposes of the monkeys. Well, I'm good with that. If we go dead in the water without a plan, people are gonna start scratching their heads and chattering. We just have to stall for a couple days, just until we know what we're dealing with. Yes, sir. Sir. Quincy : Any idea why the captain stopped the ship? The officers are just trying to figure out where to go to make the vaccine. Really? Well, they don't wanna waste fuel going in the wrong direction now. That's odd, because the only possible places which could accommodate the manufacturing are in North America. Well, maybe they're thinking about going to Brazil or Venezuela. I'm sure they got labs there. Brazil and Venezuela were the hottest zones in this hemisphere. What does heat have to do with it? Hot zones,  Bacon. 98% death rates. There is no way anchoring south of here could even be contemplated, and Dr. Scott knows it. I'm sure there's somewhere else. Puerto Rico has a lab. But would the captain wanna go anywhere near there when Ruskov may still be somewhere off the Cuban coast? Something's wrong, Bacon. Let me assure you. Wrong how? Dr. Scott's experiments must be failing. Well, you said yourself that they should be using you. If they were really failing, don't you think they would be? Your captain's a stubborn man. He hates to admit he's wrong, and as a result, the wrong people get punished. He just about tore a hole in the hull evading the Russians because he didn't wanna share the ingredients for the vaccine. Then he almost got everyone killed when the water filtration broke. That crazy stunt with the parachutes... Nobody's knows what's happening until it's over. I speak the truth, Bacon. Whether or not you want to hear it is another matter, but your captain is hiding something from you. [Chess piece thuds] [Water splashes] You're relieved, my man. Anything? Not a peep. Think we're really the only ones left? Russians are still out there somewhere. [Water splashes] [Water splashes] What the hell is she doin'? [Water splashes] [Water splashes] Chandler : She killed six more. This time, it only took four hours. How did that happen? She tried something different. [Sighs deeply] She's obviously going in the wrong direction. Do we need to bring in Quincy? Maybe she needs another set of hands. Well, she said "no." [Exhales deeply] He's not gonna be able to help much at this point. Well, does she have a game plan? She's modifying and experimenting. That's all she can tell me. Keep me posted. I heard blood comes out of, like, every orifice. Dude, come on. What? We saw sh1t at Gitmo, and it wasn't pretty. You saw a live one? No, man, they were dead, but... Rats were chowing down on their bodies. It was disgusting. I hope those C.B.R. suits really work. Man : Of course they work. Yeah, but when we were at Gitmo, we never even put our masks on. It was just the protocol, man, to save the oxygen. And when you got near those sick people in Nicaragua, how long did it take to get your masks on? Jesus! Will you fellas just relax? Nobody got exposed, and the lady doc gave us a test when we got back on board. Now are we gonna play cards or what? [Poker chips clink] Seven-card stud. Deuces and one-eyed jacks are wild. Wild cards? Where you from, man? [Laughs] Would've thought you were more of a purist, Tex. Ain't nothing about me that's pure. I thought you'd figure that out by now. Hey! Look what the cat dragged in. [Speaks indistinctly] You all right, sir? Yeah, I just... Oh! Whoa! Sir! Man, he looks bad. Sir! Tex : You all right? No! Hey, hey, hey! Stay away from him. Hey, buddy? Buddy? You all right? I thought you said he got tested. [Door opens] We got a game going on. Get outta here now! Talk to me. All right, look at me. Look at me. [Exhales sharply] Woman over P.A. : Medical emergency. Medical emergency. Medical emergency in department 12545L. Crew lounge. Medical response team provide. How is he? Sir, you shouldn't be in here. You need a suit on. He's not infected. What happened? He came in looking for water. He passed out. He is burning up. Danny? Danny, can you hear me? [Whispering] Yeah. Danny, how long have you been feeling like this? Just a few... just... That's all right. I'm gonna take care of you. [Coughs] You're gonna be just fine. It's just a fever. [Coughs] [Grunts] Do I have it? No, you do not have the virus. Let's get him up. Little help here. You have to understand, if this is airborne or blood-borne, we will all be infected. The most likely scenario is that he was bitten by an insect. In which case, he will not be contagious. Holy sh1t, doc. Is it Halloween? Did you actually walk down the P-way wearing that? [Filtered voice] It's for everyone's safety. We should all be wearing them. Don't you get it? If Lieutenant Green has it, we're all dead anyway. Everyone just needs to stop panicking. How long will it take to run a blood panel? Four to six hours for the first set. If nothing pops up, it could take longer. Do it. Something's not right here. What do you mean? Me and Cossetti saw her dumping biohazard bags off the flight deck. And where the hell is she heading with the captain in such a rush? I don't know. Yeah. That's what I'm saying. Nobody knows anything. This will keep him sedated. It'll lower his fever and rehydrate him. I'll be back to replace the bag in a couple of hours. Rachel : I will do it. You just find out what is actually wrong with him. [Door closes] 
 
 Sir, you need to lockdown the ship. No, he does not. I tested everyone before we boarded. That was two days ago. I mean, maybe the virus hadn't taken hold yet. It doesn't work like that. If he'd been exposed, it would present itself in his blood within a few hours, if not a few minutes. All right, everybody. Let's put our panties back on and see how we can help our friend. You said the virus mutates. How do you know the strain in Nicaragua isn't different from the other ones you've seen? Even if it was, its essential core would be the same, and that is what I test for. But what if you're wrong? The mistakes that I made with the vaccine are an entirely different matter. That was an experiment. This test I am certain of 100%. Sir, every minute we wait is a minute people are walking around the ship, spreading their germs. [Sighs deeply] [Ring] This is the X.O. We're gonna have to take precautions. Assume the worst until we learn more. Circle William, set boundaries. Full C.B.R. gear. Until Doc Rios gets us more answers, I don't wanna take any chances. I can't leave the crew lounge. You're gonna have to make the call. [Beep] Attention,  Nathan James.  This is the X.O. All personnel stand fast. Do not break boundaries. Set Circle William throughout the ship. [Beeping] Close all hatches and secure all ventilation. D.C.A. and department and damage control personnel, pass out C.B.R. gear and filter canisters. This is the X.O. I say again, close all hatches and secure all ventilation. D.C.A. and department and damage control personnel, pass out C.B.R. gear and filter canisters. [Beeping continues] What the hell are you doing in here?! If he has it, I have it. We had lunch together, sir. Put this on. Now. She was throwing biohazard bags overboard. At night! If she dumps at night, it's because she's working at night. Then why is the lab under armed guard? How come nobody can know what's going on in there? It is a biohazard area. We know she's testing the vaccine on the monkeys. Is it working or not? Is it working? Look, for all we know, it's infected monkeys she's been throwing overboard, and that's what spreading the disease everywhere. Everyone calm down. The disease is not spreading anywhere! [Click] [Respirators hissing] [Radio chatter] [Taps key] [Beep] You said you made some mistakes with the vaccine. Excuse me? Before, when you were arguing with the captain, you said you made some mistakes with the vaccine. We thought it was going in the right direction. [Com buzzes] [Ring] [Picks up receiver] This is the captain. Will you alert the X.O., please? Thank you, doctor. [Hangs up receiver] It's dengue fever, and it's not contagious. What does that mean? Is he gonna be all right? The only treatment is fluid replacement and acetaminophen for the fever. The next 24 hours is crucial. You gentlemen are dismissed. Now get some rest. Dr. Scott, would you give us a moment, please? [High-pitched whistle blows] Slattery : Attention on deck. All hands, this is the X.O. The biological threat has been disproved. There is no biological threat. Secure from Circle William. Restart ventilation. Secure all gear. I say again, secure from Circle William. Restart all ventilation. Secure from MOPP level 4 and restow all gear. [Engines whirring] Well... Now I know why he insisted on being on that vessel with you. Yes, sir. And you were late that night. Sir? The timing was off to impact with the  Vyreni. What happened, lieutenant? He slowed down, sir. He wanted me to jump too early. Because he was more concerned about you than the mission. We almost ran into the coral waiting on you. And now here you are, possibly infected by the disease. Running around the ship, exposing everyone else to get to him. You took an oath, and you have a duty to your shipmates. I'll have the doc come back and relieve you. I'm pretty sure you're anxious to get back to the lab. Captain. I know that I kept things from you in the Arctic, but I thought that we understood that we were in this together now. And I will always be straight with you. When I don't know, I will say it. And when I say that I am absolutely 100% about something... I don't know you. But I've risked  everything  for you, killed for you, lost men for you, asked these people to turn their backs on their families,  for you. Not for me, captain. For the human race. I just happen to be who you're stuck with. You might wanna figure out a way how to trust me, or I have a pretty strong feeling that this whole thing is gonna fail. Cossetti saw Dr. Scott dumping biohazard off the deck. No, I'm quite sure that was the monkeys. Her vaccine is failing, and the captain is covering it up. So... those monkeys were infected? Of course. She's injecting them with the virus to see if her vaccine is working. And when it doesn't, they die. Do you think that's why captain called for the lockdown? It sounds to me the captain feared an outbreak on the ship. Because of the monkeys? Or because he doesn't trust her test. Don't forget a bunch of them were directly exposed to the disease in Nicaragua. But they wore the suits. So did Frankie Benz, and he didn't make it back. Accidents happen. I imagine you're not the only one feeling out of sorts about all this. No. There's a lot of grumbling. A lot of grumbling. At the beginning of this epidemic, your captain told you all that this ship was the safest place on earth. I'm afraid nothing could be further from the truth. Your ventilation systems, everyone living on top of each other... You think the crud spreads fast? We're talking about the most powerful, most contagious virus ever to strike the planet. And now you've got teams going out into infected areas for supplies  every week? A makeshift lab that was never meant to support production of a vaccine, Dr. Scott playing God down there with no real idea of what she's doing. This vessel is a deathtrap. His temperature's spiking. [Ragged breathing] When's his next dose? Not till 7:00. Can't you up his dosage? [Inhales sharply] I'm sorry. Any more, it'll damage his liver. Just tell her it's prince charming. She'll know who you're talking about. Ask her, or I'm gonna start signing. Hmm? Country? Western? Oh, just let him in, for Pete's sake. Aha! [Chuckles] All right! So... This is your fortress of solitude. Except for I have no superpowers. Well, I don't know about that. I got a feeling about you. Sounds like the captain did, too, but... [Inhales sharply] [Monkeys chitter] Well, he got a little spooked. Well, he did what he had to do. Oh, come on. Don't tell me that didn't smart. That lockdown? [Sighs deeply] Who believes in me and who doesn't... [Taps button] Seems like a fairly trite matter compared to what I have on my plate right now. So...[Inhales deeply] [Monkeys chittering] You're gonna figure it out. Yeah. Dr. Scott let it slip in the crew lounge that she was having problems with her experiments. Now Burk, Miller, and Cruz are onto it. People are asking about the monkeys and why the ship stopped. They're even questioning the ham frequency monitoring. They're isolated. They have no idea when it's gonna end. Or  how  it's gonna end. [Knock on door] Come in. I apologize, gentlemen... But we've got a problem. A couple of the enlisted men came to me. They were speaking for a larger group... 16 to be exact. They want off the ship. Who are they? You should know that they were very respectful. [Paper rustles] Their enlistments are up... All 16 of them. And since we didn't uphold them, technically, they're not even in the Navy anymore. I didn't know what to tell them. Are you suggesting we let them go? How do you think they'll feel if we try to stop-loss them? It'll mean holding them against their will. I mean, we're not El Toro. And what kind of message will that send the rest of the crew? They can just leave when things get uncomfortable? Well, we all knew this moment might come, didn't we? So what did the master chief say? He said he'd bring a request to the captain. You didn't mention me? Not yet, no. You save that for the last possible moment. I don't see why he would ever let you go. Because you can't survive on land without me. You make that painfully clear, and at that point, the captain will have no choice. It will all blow up in our faces if he keeps us here. [Whispers] I can't see how he could possibly do that. [Lamp clicks] [Papers rustle] Man : We know she's dumping monkeys look, you're the one that told us she was nowhere close to finding a vaccine. We took an oath. To a country that doesn't even exist anymore. To each other. Look, nobody needs us here. Hey, we leave, that's 16 less mouths to feed. That's it. I can't believe you're doing this. I saw you after lockdown. You were white as a ghost. Even Burk was freaked out. That doesn't mean we're jumping ship. Your enlistment was up three weeks ago. Come with us, man. You don't owe anybody here anything. Woman over P.A. : Attention, Nathan James. All hands report to the flight deck immediately. All hands report to the flight deck. Is this about us? I don't know, man. I've made some mistakes the past few days in the ways I've handled information. I kept you in the dark about our mission because I'm trying to protect you from the truth, which... Is painful. That was a poor decision on my part. I am your captain, I'm your leader, and you have every right to be disappointed in me. But that doesn't mean that you should give up hope, because this mission's not about me, and it's not about you. It's about them. Play it. Roger that, sir. [Clicks switches] Man : My name's Henry. I'm up in Portland, Maine. We're not sick, but we're running out of food. If anyone knows any good hunting grounds in the area, we sure could use a tip. Woman : I'm calling out to anyone in Georgia. If you're healthy, there's a safe haven up in Dalton. There's only 19 of us, and we're making it day-by-day. Man : Hello. I am Juan from Oaxaca. We are very sick here. Does anyone have the cure? [Static crackles] That is our problem. In there... Is the solution. [Loud clank, buzzer sounds] [Whirring] [Whirring stops] [Clank] Come with me. [Monkeys chittering] [Click] We've all seen Dr. Rachel Scott, but most of you have no idea what it is she's doing here or even who she is. She's dedicated her life to research on treatments and vaccines for malaria, ebola, and half a dozen other viruses. But she wasn't chosen for this. She fought to be here, fought the politicians and the bureaucracy, and convinced them to take a chance on her. And she was right. When all the scientists were failing, she knew what had to be done. Just so we understand who we're working with here, Dr. Scott, can you explain what's happening? Thank you, captain. I, um, understand... [Filtered voice] This must all seem incredibly foreign to you, so I'll do my best to explain without completely boring your socks off. You see, the monkeys have been dying because... right now, my vaccine is failing. I'm sure you've all heard of the disease yellow fever. It killed millions of people all over the world. In 1937, there was a young doctor named Max Theiler who was testing a vaccine on mice. Theiler and his coworkers attempted the use of 99 different substrains of the virus in their vaccine. But each and every time, the mice died, until finally, on the 100th attempt, they found it. I don't have the answers today, and I may not have them tomorrow. But I can promise you this... There's absolutely nothing that will stop me until I do. It's easy to believe in people when they're succeeding. But that's not what we're about. We have to believe in each other when we fail. And if we have to go back to Nicaragua for more monkeys, we will. If we have to go to Puerto Rico, we will. If we have to go Bangladesh to find a Bengal tiger, that is what we will do. Now what I can promise you  is that whatever we do from here on in, we will do together. And the chiefs and officers on this ship will share with you what we know... good or bad. Now... It has come to my attention that there's a group of you who may no longer wanna continue on with this mission. Your enlistments are up. I will not hold you here. As a matter of fact, you are owed our gratitude for your services. And we have calculated what you are collectively entitled to in back pay... $148,678. Enough to buy you one used R.H.I.B. with a full tank, plus food, water, and medical supplies. We have determined to set a course towards home... again. But for those of you who still wish to leave us, report to the fo'c'sle tomorrow at 0700. Your boat will be waiting. Hey, Commodore. Cubano? Our girl was impressive. Hard thing to come back from...[Sighs] When you lose somebody's trust. Well, I'd follow you into the gates of hell. [Chuckles] That's only 'cause you think it'd be exciting. [Chuckles] Well, there is that. It's just 16 guys, you know. We can do without 'em. Until the next group wants to leave. We'll deal with that then. [Sighs] This is the test. If they go, hope goes with 'em. [Woman speaking indistinctly over P.A.] They're here. Sir... We all respectfully request to reenlist. Men : I swear to support and defend the constitution of the United States of America against all enemies, foreign or domestic, that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same. And that I will obey the orders of the president of the United States and the orders of the officers appointed over me, according to the regulations and the uniform code of military justice, so help me God. [Clears throat] [Monitor beeping steadily] His fever's down. He's on the mend. Can I have the room? Aye, sir. He's one of the best I've served with. A true leader. He is. Doesn't mean I'm not gonna hand him his hat as soon as he's well enough. Yes, sir. What do you think your punishment should be? Four weeks, port and starboard. Six and six. I think two weeks oughta do it. But I'd also like you to devise and run a new training program for the J.O's in the engineering department. I want them all qualified on all stations in C.I.C. Of... of course. I think it would also be a... Good idea for you to explain to people why your behavior was so dangerous. As a lesson. I understand, sir. Good. Captain? Thank you. [Door closes] I hear you and Bacon have been doing quite a bit of talking. No more talking. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 