Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x01 - First Things First - Queen Sugar 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x01 - First Things First https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=707&t=28517 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 09/07/16 09:55 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x01 - First Things First 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 ♪ My daddy made no excuse ♪ 
♪ I believe my lies are truth ♪ 
♪ Why won't you eat what you're fed? ♪ 
♪ 'Cause when I touch myself ♪ 
♪ I think of only you ♪ 
♪ And when I touch someone else ♪ 
♪ No one is faithful ♪ 
♪ I am weak, I'll go astray ♪ 
♪ Forgive me for my ways ♪ 
♪ No one is faithful ♪ 
♪ No one is faithful ♪ 
♪ I am weak ♪ 
♪ I hear voices and I ♪ 
♪ Can't stand to be alone ♪ 
♪ 'Cause emptiness ♪ 
♪ Is all I've ever known ♪ 
♪ Soiled by my lust ♪ 
♪ I feel no shame ♪ 
♪ No longer forsaken ♪ 
♪ When they call my name ♪ 
♪ Beautiful angels come to my bed ♪ 
♪ I'm satisfied ♪ 
♪ On the flesh I fed ♪ 
♪ No one is faithful ♪ 
♪ I am weak, I'll go astray ♪ 
♪ Forgive me for my ways ♪ 
♪ No one is faithful ♪ 
♪ No one is faithful... ♪ 
 Be good. 
 I won't tell you the same. 
 Hm. You know better. 
 (children's voices overlapping) 
 Pop, we want another churro. 
 Four for a dollar, buddy. You got two more. 
 Those are yours though. 
 Nah, you have them. Just take it easy, okay? 
 Okay. 
 Okay, listen to me. 
 Listen. Now, every time these men finish five plays, you and Kenya have a churro. 
 Five plays, Blue. See if you can be disciplined. 
 Didn't we talk about discipline, remember? 
 Come here. 
 Sit down. 
 How many plays? 
 Five plays. 
 Five plays, then churros. 
 That's my boy. 
 Mm. 
 Don't move. 
 There's your churros. 
 Radio DJ :  Comin' at ya, hot, on this cool red mornin', They got us here at KCEW, New Orleans with the best and newest music. 
 The next song is by a local man in Plaquemines Parish reppin' the 985 with a fresh track. 
 Peace and love, New Orleans. Check it. (music playing) Pop : All right, man. Man : A'ight. What's up, man? Man #2 :  What's up, Ralph? (doorbell chimes) (doorbell jingles) (sighs) (cash register beeps) Give it to me. (scoffs) Bitch, I said right now. (cash register clicks) I saw your face! Boy, what did you do? Hi, buddy. Hi, Pop. You did good. You did so good. I was disciplined. Yeah? Me and Kenya are ready to go. Yeah, let's go. Come on. Ready to go, boy? ♪ They can't catch me, 'cause I'm too strong... ♪ Davis? Micah, it's time to go. Let's go! Micah, you heard your mother, now. Don't make her call you twice. Sorry, Mom, I was on the phone. And when are you not on the phone? (scoffs) It's like a member of the family now, you know. Micah : You have  two  phones! I  need  two phones. You should get his friends to pay the bill. You multitask. All right. Bye. Have a good game, Mr. West. Thanks, Rocky. Uh, good game, Dad. See you tonight, honey. You gave him money. How does that help prove my point? What is the point again? That we can't spoon-feed him every opportunity. He needs to work for money. He's 15, he's gotta learn. Okay. Well, he takes after his mother. He's the top of his class. He's the smartest kid in the room. Baby, I think he's learning just fine. I mean learning real life, Davis. Charley, this is our real life. (sighs) Ain't it good? Hm? Just let it be good. Come here. Hit 'em where it hurts, baby. Always. ♪ Dreams never die, take flight, as the world turns ♪ 
♪ Dreams never die, take flight, as the world turns ♪ 
♪ Dreams never die, take flight, as the world turns ♪ 
♪ Keep the colors in the lines... take flight ♪ 
♪ Dreams never die ♪ 
♪ Keep the colors in the lines ♪ 
♪ Keep the colors in the lines... take flight. ♪ (saxophone solo playing) ♪ Yeah! Every day... ♪ 
♪ I got sunshine... ♪ Yeah, somethin' tell me you workin' on a pot of greens down there. Somethin' tell me you workin' on some ribs in there. Yeah, I am. You are. What else you want? Cornbread. Want some cornbread? Cornbread. Collard greens. Mm-hmm. You want some sweet tea? Sweet tea? All right, all right. You got the sweet tea, girl. I think you gettin' a treat. Mm-hmm. I want me a treat. You want a treat? (laughing) Oh... oh, look at that baby. Hey, what up, Ralph Angel? What up, what up? Knocked out around Route 13. Missed most of the ride. Here. Yeah. Anything? Said maybe they'll bring on new men in fall. But not now. I... went and picked up some money a friend owed me, though. Take that. Oh, no, chére. Uh-uh. For keepin' Blue and stuff. No, chére. Uh-uh. Give it to your daddy. He needs it more than I do. Hollywood take good care of me. Put it up. Don't fret that. I mean, that boy at home here. Man, I appreciate that. When are you at the rig next? Time's up on Tuesday, man. I'm tryin' to find me a weekend, but man, your aunt, she got me workin' day  and  night. I ain't tryin' to hear all that, man. I'm tryin' to tell you, man. She got my back all jacked up and everything. You need to find you one, though. Makes life sweeter. Yeah, well everybody not like y'all. Oh, I know that! I know that. Singer :  ♪ I think I'm in a maze ♪ 
♪ I'm feeling conflicted within my brain ♪ 
♪ All these contradictions got me feeling strange ♪ 
♪ Is this a phase? ♪ 
♪ Or is this the way? ♪ Rapper :  ♪ I wanna make nonstop profit ♪ 
♪ I wanna make it non-profit ♪ 
♪ Close down a store when I go shoppin' ♪ 
♪ Open up the floor for a closed topic ♪ 
♪ And relax on the beach in remote tropics ♪ 
♪ But grind like I'm broke and I'm so jobless ♪ 
♪ Feelin' like it's me against the world ♪ 
♪ It's the other way around ♪ 
♪ We polluting and we won't stop it ♪ 
♪ I wanna stay home and play Xbox ♪ 
♪ But my homies keep on hittin' up my inbox... ♪ I mean, there'd be a camera here right now filming. I don't want my life on TV. I love it how it is. Well, that's because your man treats you like a frickin' queen. I mean, the pedestal, crown, the whole nine. You guys are fancy and you know it. And that's exactly the type of positivity that people need to see, Charley. I mean, we'll bring the hair-pullin' and the name-callin'. And you bring the class and the romance. You know, like that story that you told us, what was it, about how you and Davis met? At that fraternity thing, right? Phi Beta Kappa isn't a fraternity, girl, it's an academic cl... Whatever it is, okay? It's not the club and it's not outside the arena. Right. The bottom line is, everyone doesn't have a Davis West on their arm with a perfect kid. Some of us... real talk...  some of us have to work just as hard at  this  game as they do on the court. (sighs) We need you on this, Charley. They want  you.  You know that. (phones buzzing, chirping) Oh, my God. They say Eddie is on tape. And Will, and... they say Rashid. Davis isn't here. Davis isn't here, but Felix. Unbelievable. The whole starting line, almost. What does this mean? Okay, come on. Let's go. We gotta get outta here. (woman gasps) (sighing) Just two dabs, no more. Oh, it real bad, Miss Nova. You don't expect I need more? Two dabs only, sister. Faith fills in the rest. Hmm. Merci,  Jesus. Mais non. I won't take it. Okay, Miss Blanche, two dabs. And a few puffs on this... when you have pain. (chuckles) Oh, it really helped the last time. (laughing) I know, I know. Okay, Miss Blanche. Radio reporter :  Parish alderman Haskins has said she wants to explore other options. The contract with ?? expires June 30th. This is New Orleans radio news. Reporter #2 :  The New Orleans city council today put forth a motion that would provide... (radio fades) ♪ Cold people... ♪ What up, Nova? Wassup, Rid? Need a half of capers. No halves. You know better. Runnin' low and I got the hypes ready. How much you markin' up these days? 20% at the college. 50% in the business district. 50%? I mean, why not? They got it. Escalation for risk. You'd make a killing on Wall Street, brother. - (chuckles) Third flower pot. ♪ Cold, cold people... ♪ ♪ Shock me... ♪ Take it. Come on, Nova. They need you at the rally. Be in solidarity with your brothers and sisters. You sound like you tryin' to lead a march or somethin', Nova. I went on the last one. Well, there's another one. And that's why, Rid, if I don't see you and your crew there, I'm cutting y'all off. And you know I got the best. You'd want someone marching for you. I can't believe I even have to ask you, brother. You right. It just be messin' with my head sometimes, you know? Yeah. Yeah, I know. What your fine-ass sister have to say about that Gladiator shakedown? What you mean? sh1t, her man's team and them been having them 5-on-1 parties on the road. You know, five woes, one ho? You ain't hear about it? It's all over the news. Nah, we ain't close like that. Sh-hh, you ain't gotta be. It's all over. ♪ Cold, cold people...♪ See you. ♪ Backstabbers ♪ 
♪ Cold, cold people...♪ (whirring) Yeah, all right. The ring's gleaming now, but it's a wrap for number five. Here it is, right here. "In the wake of allegations of a 23-year-old woman, the members of the Gladiators basketball team engaged in group s*x with her..." You lying! "on several occasions against her wishes..." Hold up, hold up. Pause, pause. How it's gonna be against her wishes "on several occasions," yo? I'm just telling you... I'm just telling you, if it's against your wishes, ain't gonna be another occasion. Come on, man, these "thots" be thirsty, I'm saying. You right, you right. You know I'm right. That's what I'm talkin' 'bout. Okay, good night, gentlemen. Both : Night, Mr. Ernest. ♪ I know they're fightin' about your sugar, mama ♪ 
♪ They're fightin' all over town ♪ 
♪ I know they're fightin' about your sugar ♪ 
♪ Fightin' all over town ♪ 
♪ You got that granulated sugary butter ♪ 
♪ The butter ain't nobody got but you... ♪ 
♪ Now, sugar mama, you must have got your sugar ♪ 
♪ Way down south somewhere ♪ 
♪ You must have got your sugar, sugar mama ♪ 
♪ Way down south somewhere ♪ ♪ Down Lou'siana, Lou'siana, New Orleans... ♪  -  (line ringing) (ringing) West residence. This is Ernest Bordelon. My daughter there? Mr. Bordelon, I'll check and see if she's here. Hi, Daddy. How's my girl? I'm here. I'm okay. (sighs) What's this all about? Oh, I feel so bad for him, Daddy. Yeah, well, it's bad business. The players who got caught with the girl are just kids  comin' straight outta high school. No home training, no life skills. You hand them millions of dollars and then say, "Good luck." They marry riffraff, they live wild,  now they're messin' up our livelihood, you know? Hmm. Where's Micah? He's right here, he's fine. Hi, Grandpa. Hi, there, son. Davis is on a flight back. It's just a disaster for the team. There goes another championship. Hey. Uh-uh. Well... What's the next move, hm? I know you got a plan. You always have a plan. Well, the talking points are that private lives of players should remain just that... private. And that they are innocent until this woman proves otherwise. Apparently she didn't go to the police right away. The guys are all sayin' they never laid eyes on her. Idiots. If she has even a shred of physical evidence, it's a wrap. And then Davis will just have to start again. Build and break in a whole new team. I just, I can't... Anyway, there's a press conference for the owners, coach, and Davis tomorrow to properly position the whole thing. We still have a few cards to play. Well, it seems like, uh... sounds like you're really involved. I'm helping a little with strategy. Just a little, you know. They asked. I can understand them asking. (phone beeps) I know, Daddy. I have plans to come home soon. I am going to help you deal with the farm, I am. But things are so up in the air right now. You understand. Oh, sure. I just called to make sure y'all okay, that's all this call's about. I'm gonna come soon and I'll fix everything when I get down there, okay? I promise. Can I send you anything in the meantime? Oh, no, no, no. I'm making do just fine. You don't have to make do, Daddy, I can send you what you need. No, no, I just need a little advice, that's all, and time. I could use a little time. I'll come soon and I will give you all my time, okay? Let me just... let me just deal with this. Okay? Of course, of course. Yes! Okay, Daddy. I'll talk to you in a bit, okay? Bye, Charley. Bye, Daddy. (handset clicks) (beeps) (children's voices overlapping) Everything okay, Mr. Bordelon? Chris and Nick. Chris and Nick said they might not come to my birthday. Well, why not? I don't have a trampoline. Okay, okay. It's okay. Okay. Okay, guys, I need everybody back in their seats, please. Come on. And Mr. Bordelon? Yes, ma'am? Thank you so much for your invitation to your soiree this weekend. I'd be more than happy to attend. (scattered cheering) (school bell rings) Papa! (chuckling) Guess what? What, sir? Tell me everything. I just did a test. You did? Ah, that doesn't surprise me. ♪ ...Strong in my mind today... ♪ Ernest : All right. What you got there? I got over two feet over here. Okay. Well, I got here... ♪ Stands in my way ♪ 
♪ It keeps me from tryin'... ♪ Wassup, boy? Pop! ♪ Who am I to say? ♪ What's up, big guy? Huh? Oh, man, you heavy. Ralph Angel : What's up, Pop? Pop, guess what? Miss Velez is coming to our house. Who's Miss Velez? My teacher! These guys were being mean about comin' to the birthday party but then Miss Velez said  she's  coming so now everybody wants to come now! Well, I told you if we did this, we gotta keep everything under control. Pops can't spend a lot of money. And who was mean to you? The balloons I saw at the store with Auntie Nova, not the fancy ones. I was meaning the kind we blow up ourselves. Well, sir, what color balloons do you want? Red and purple. Maybe Mom can come and help. What'd I say, Blue? Now look at me. What did I say? Okay. I'ma get on. Ernest :  Yeah. Yeah. Okay, then. Thanks for the measurement. Ain't nothin'. You need that. It's a good tractor. Ernest : Yeah, well, we'll see about it. Yeah, big as hell, but it'll fit. All right, Mr. Denton. Blue, take this on inside. Get washed up, hear? Hurry up. 
 
 Anything? They said next month, maybe. Thanks for picking him up so I could check on it. Yeah. Ahem. Gettin' that tractor, Pop? Well, I'm thinkin' about it. Gotta keep up appearances. Some money owed me came in. Came in from where? Craps a few months back. I been on my dude over in the Ninth to pay up. Finally did. Six months out of prison and you're playing craps in the Ninth? Yup. I know it ain't enough to nothin'... just a couple hundred help out around here a little maybe. Maybe get that new tractor part to fix the old one up. Fix up the old one. I don't know why he still asks for her. He knows how she is. Every child wants their mother. You talk to Charley? No, you? Yeah. Yeah, she fine. Know she ain't gonna let it be nothin' but fine. Mm. You got that right. (keys jingling) News anchor :  The unidentified woman says the incident occurred three weeks ago, after a game against the Oaks. The assault is reported to involve several L.A. Gladiators in a hotel room registered to celebrated rookie point guard Felix Evans. Co-anchor : The Gladiators' front office has launched  an internal investigation with local authorities in both Houston and Los Angeles. While all players in question remain active at the moment, three-time MVP and team captain Davis West faces an uphill battle in his quest for a fifth title with a team that's now in shambles. All the work, baby. I know. But it's not over. It is. And I got, what, maybe three more good years? I need a great team behind me, sweetheart. I don't wanna have to build this thing from scratch. Not again. They'll gut their contracts and bring in new guys. Good guys. You'll be back next season. Oh, I don't know. You're not ready to retire, Davis. No... no. No, it's... (sighs) I may be ready to move, though. I don't know, Oakland or Portland. I mean, we're close enough to strong teams, baby. And that's what I need to get five. That's what it's gonna take to get five. I gotta have five. You know the plan. I know. Maybe... Maybe Atlanta, or Charlotte. It would be nice to spend some time with your family. Get a place in the South for two or three years, right? (sighs) Whatever we need to do, baby. Hey. ♪ I'm so lost traveling down an old dirt road ♪ 
♪ I'm lost flying through a blood-orange sky ♪ 
♪ I'm lost swimmin' amongst the coral so far down ♪ 
♪ I'm lost in an empty room ♪ 
♪ Without even a sound ♪ 
♪ I'ma dig myself to an open grave... ♪ (wind rustling) (music playing) Hi. Miss Velez :  Hey, everyone! Kids : Hi! Hi, Miss Velez! How you doin'? Hollywood :  We ain't doin' it at the same level. They into somethin' else, now. Seems like they havin' a good time. Mm-hmm. Hey, baby. You the queen of partying. Can't you help me get this turned up a little? Baby, they five. Ain't not turning up I know appropriate for five. Just feed 'em. Kids play, they'll loosen up. Got some hot dogs in there, I'm makin' some ribs, and while you're at it, get me another brew. Let me see. Is that your card? Uh-huh. How did you do that? Miss Velez! Hi! Oh...! I don't believe we've met. Oh, I'm sorry. Ralph Angel Bordelon. Hi. My Aunt Violet usually picks Blue up. Blue's my boy. I'm his dad. No apology needed. Is it Ralph or Angel? It's Ralph Angel. All together. Well, can I help with anything, Ralph Angel? I brought a few things. Wow. See, I'm not good at this. We're gonna be just fine. (lighter clicks) Kid :  Do you know what flavor it is? (chuckles) All : ♪ Happy birthday to you ♪ 
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪ 
♪ Happy birthday, dear Blue... ♪ (whispers) ♪ Happy birthday to you. ♪ (whispers) Make a wish and blow out the candle. Kid :  Make a wish. Kid :  Yay! Kid #2 :  Yay, Blue! Yay, Blue! You crazy, man! (cheering, clapping) Happy birthday. Adult :  Happy birthday, Blue. Kid :  Happy birthday, Blue. I have something that my dad's worker brought. You're supposed to hit it and candy calls out, he said. It's a piñata. A piñata? Okay. Bye. Are you awake? Can you hear me? All right, we're gonna be just fine. Girl :  Somebody, help! Help! Ralph Angel :  Pop...? She was the nationally recognized scholar who bypassed the trappings of fame to continue to pursue her education. Their marriage at a young age was a fairy tale. America fell in love with the West family. We all remember when Davis supported Charley through business school, bringing their adorable son, Micah. And now Charley supports Davis as his manager, putting her MBA to savvy use for "The Gentleman." Together they built a family and a fortune. Although Davis West has not been accused of anything, as team captain, he's standing by his teammates who've been accused of rape. I wanna say... I stand by my teammates. I stand by these men. Private lives should be just that... private. And then, Charley Bordelon-West handled herself with class after being confronted by a reporter. Charley! Charley Bordelon-West! Are you okay with supporting alleged rapists? Every family represented here believes in this team, and in each other, and we will stand by together while this investigation is underway. News anchor :  Tonight's press conference,  defending the integrity of his teammates, was a reminder that class and grace still exist in this game, my friends, and that if you work hard enough,  the good guys can finish first. (cheering within) Oh, shoot! They ain't ready. Man, you know they ain't ever ready. So, what do you want tonight? I'm gonna need a minimum 40 points. Come on, Micah. You know that's a given, man. Okay! Confident tonight, are we? You know it! Hey, baby. Hey. Any requests? Well, I'd like an overage of assists, so we can drive home the whole "supporting your teammates" narrative. Mm. Done. ♪ Fighting over rings, wanna be the king ♪ 
♪ Long live the chief ♪ 
♪ Yeah, watch, pretty mama, while I slang my cane ♪ ♪ Long live the chief... ♪ (cheering) ♪ Cockroaches and the rat... ♪ One. Gino, one. ♪ Hand-me-downs with the patches ♪ 
♪ Mama put a little money in the mattress ♪ 
♪ Taught me how to make a silver spoon outta plastic ♪ Come on! Come on, come on! Go, Davis! ♪ Now they say, "Jidenna, why you dressin' so classic?" ♪ 
♪ I don't want my best-dressed day in a casket ♪ 
♪ You can either lead, follow, or get out the way... ♪ Yeah! Go, Davis! ♪ Got a hundred-year plan, you just think about today ♪ 
♪ Always been about time more than been about pay ♪ 
♪ Can't rump with me, Usain couldn't run with me... ♪ Pop? Pop, can you hear me? Pop, it's gonna be all right, I promise. Violet :  I don't know what happened. I want to go! You hear me? You hear me? We comin'. Baby, we comin.' Ralph Angel : Be gentle with him. Easy. Violet : I'm comin'. He's gonna be fine. Come on, Vi. Blue :  I wanna go with Papa, Daddy! (crowd cheering) Watch your man. Movement. (scattered ringtones buzzing, chirping) (buzzing, chirping continues) Woman :  Davis, you're a rapist! Woman #2 :  Davis the rapist! Man :  Boo! (booing rises) Man :  Naw, pictures can lie, man. Man #2 :  It's not a lie, man. Look! Woman :  He  is  a rapist! (booing continues) Man :  Rapist! Rapist! (whines) No! I want to go... You can't, Blue. You can't Blue, you can't! It's gonna be okay. Stay here with Miss Velez. I'll be back. Daddy, I want to go! (EMT radio chatter) (sobbing) (siren wails) (cheering, booing) (whistle tweets) (whistle tweets) (whistle tweets) What the hell are you doin'? What did you do? Wha...? What are you talkin' about? What... did you... do? Davis : What are you talking about? (screams) What did you do?! (booing) Charley : Tell me! You're a liar, Davis! Baby, what is going...? Hold on... What did you do?! You liar! You're a liar! What did you do? You're a liar, Davis! (monitor beeping) (silent) (chanting faintly) Where did Nova learn her ways? Her mother knew all about it. It's real. I don't doubt it. (phone beeps) (coin clatters, keys clicking) (cell phone rings) Ugh! Hello? (voices laughing) Ralph Angel? Darla, where are you? Nasty! You right! Darla, where are you? Ralph Angel! Woman :  Hello? Miss Velez, hi. Is, uh, is Blue okay? He's sound asleep. How's your father? He's got surgery in a few hours after some tests. It's a stroke. Oh, my God. I'm sorry. I'm just so sorry that this is happening. I'm sure he's going to pull through. He's got a strong way about him. Yeah. Yeah, he does. Listen, um... I don't have anyone to watch Blue right now. We all here... Don't worry, I'll take him to school with me this morning. (sighs) I really appreciate it. I'll be there right after school. Right when the bell rings. Okay, but if you aren't there, I'll take him home with me. I'll text you the address. Thank you. I... I don't even know what to say. This... this is real good of you. Come here. (faint music playing) (laptop trilling) (harp tone plays) Hey, Auntie Vi. Hi, baby. Why aren't you all answerin' your phone? Uh, some... things happened here today. It's real bad. I know. I heard. I'm sorry. It's unthinkable. I don't even know what to say. We're gonna talk it all through. I wanna hear everything, but I need you to listen to me right now, okay? Okay. I need you to take charge and get your mama here by tomorrow. Hey, Mom? Hey, Mom...? Ma? Leave me alone. The doctor will be in soon, okay? Violet : Thank you. All right. (monitor beeping) (whimpers) (whimpers) (groans) (paper rustling) (Ernest groans) He fine, Pop. He good. I think he wants to know where Blue is. (grunts) His teacher took him home from school to her house. Well, she real nice. Look, I'ma... I'ma see y'all later. (sighs) Ralph. Ralph. Bring him here. I'll watch him. No, I don't want him here. But Daddy wants to see him. Yeah, but I don't want Blue to see him like this. Tubes and stuff will scare him. He'll be okay. I just think it'll help. Thanks, but... I'll see you later. TV news anchor :  And now, we have this breaking news. The Gladiators' troubles continue with a new surveillance video That has gone viral. If you haven't seen the footage yet, here it is. Superstar Davis West, who was not initially named in the Gladiators' s*x scandal, and immediately claimed he wasn't involved, is seen here with the rest of his teammates throwing the young woman over his shoulder, groping her, and carrying her into their Houston hotel room. And then we have this incredible scene from last night's game at the Sherik Center in Los Angeles. Take a look. After Davis's well-known wife, Charley Bordelon-West saw the footage, she stormed onto the court and confronted Davis in the middle of the game. You can clearly hear her yelling, "What did you do, Davis?" multiple times. And he was shocked. (Charley screaming) Woman :  Ralph Angel? I need to talk to you. You out your mind? You won't call me back. Have you actually lost it? I need to talk to you and you won't call me back. What am I supposed to do? You have the right to be that way to me. You do. But, please? My father's in there. He can't talk, can't move right. You wanna talk about you? No. I wanna talk about Blue. There ain't no talkin' about Blue. I took a test for a job... a better job. The city is hiring. Oh, the city's hiring addicts now? There's a program, and... if you finish it, you can apply for some city jobs. Why do I care, huh? I did good. I applied for this good job at City Hall. It's in the new parking structure, taking money and giving tickets. The booth is before you drive in, so... I'd get to work outside. It's $15.75 an hour. Full time, with city benefits. I don't care what you do. You called me today. I thought... You thought wrong. Whatever the hell you thought, you thought wrong, okay? I can start giving you money for him. Maybe I can start seeing him? Supervised... You could be there. Or somebody else. Oh, I could be there? I could be there, huh? I just meant... You think I'm weak right now and you can take advantage. (sneers) I don't think that. I wanna see him. I have a right! You're forgetting things. All I can do is make amends and move forward. Now, I'm not gonna let you come back in and leave him again. You see, I didn't have a choice back then. But I do now. You know what I see when I look at you? Stop. You know the image in my head, right? I think my life is bad... then I think about yours. (mutters) Get your ass on. (truck door slams) I gotta go get this money, man. I just gotta keep everything afloat. Or else I'd be right here with you. You know that, right? I'll be right back, okay? I'm sorry, Vi. It's okay. This is gonna be okay. I left a week's worth of tips in the ice box for you. Hollywood... Listen, I don't want you thinkin' about no work, no shifts. None of that stuff, all right? Just concentrate on him. You heard me? Oh, Violet, Hollywood. How's he doing? He's, uh... It's touch and go. Good moments and bad. Doctor got him on medication right now. Understood. I just wanted to make show my face and tell ya that if you need anything at all, you holler, you hear? Uh... it actually would be a big help if y'all could look after the farm... Yeah. While the family's here for the next little while. If you could. Uh, Vi, you know he don't have no crop this season, right? What do you mean? Well, he hasn't planted proper in the last two years. Why not? Well, crops have been paltry for the last few cycles and prices are dropping across the board. I mean, he started last season but he couldn't bring it in, and this season, the finances just didn't add up right, so he couldn't plant. Well, what's he been doing out there every day, then? He... Come on. He took a job somewhere. Now, he... he wouldn't say where. I know it's not on a farm. I checked around, so, I don't know. But I do know it wasn't easy and he didn't do any of it lightly. Listen, you know, he's always workin' on a plan  to get this place up and runnin' again. And he will. (knocking on door) To what do I owe this visit... Detective? Brew tea tonight? Why didn't you call, Nova? It's your father. You coulda called. I can't. And I don't want to. That's my choice. Please respect it. How many years have I been respectin' it? He's gonna be sleepin'. We don't wanna wake him up. He has a machine next to him helps him breathe good. Puts the air right in his nose with a special tube. We have to be very quiet, okay? Or the doctors will kick us out. You don't want that, right? (whispering) Okay, Pop. Okay. (monitor beeping) ♪ Somebody wishing on a shooting star ♪ 
♪ A shooting star streaming across the sky ♪ 
♪ You know it's just a meteorite ♪ 
♪ People throwing pennies in a wishing well ♪ 
♪ Wishing well's gonna run dry... ♪ (whispers) Papa, it's Blue. ♪ Everybody talking 'bout changing the world ♪ 
♪ World ain't ever gonna change ♪ 
♪ But you can always change it for me ♪ 
♪ I'll shuck all the oysters and you keep the pearls ♪ 
♪ I do my shucking and my jiving for free ♪ 
♪ Free ♪ 
♪ Like walking down the beach at night ♪ 
♪ Throw a bunch of lines out to the one you want ♪ 
♪ Till you get it right ♪ 
♪ Sometimes you don't ♪ 
♪ Get it right ♪ 
♪ Sometimes you won't ♪ 
♪ Get it right ♪ 
♪ When you do ♪ 
♪ It's out of sight... ♪ (Ernest sighs, gasps) ♪ Sometimes you do ♪ 
♪ Get it right. ♪ (murmuring) Photographers :  Charley! Charley! (man thumping) Charley! You still havin' s*x with Davis? ♪ Take my hand... ♪ Woman :  How about your dad now, Micah? (yelling increases) Man : Did you do a pre-nup? Man :  Charley, did you ever go to any of those s*x parties? Did you get some of that too? (motorcycle buzzes) ♪ All to be with you tonight ♪ 
♪ And for the time that will come ♪ No, no, no! No, no, no, no, no, no! (sobbing) (wails, sobs) (gasping sobs) ♪ Take my hand ♪ 
♪ You know I'll be there if you can ♪ 
♪ I'll cross the sky for your love ♪ 
♪ And I understand ♪ 
♪ These winds and tides ♪ 
♪ This change of times ♪ 
♪ Won't drag you away ♪ 
♪ Hold on ♪ 
♪ And hold on tightly ♪ 
♪ Hold on ♪ 
♪ And don't let go of my love ♪ 
♪ The storms will pass... ♪ 
♪ The storm will pass ♪ 
♪ It won't be long... ♪ 
♪ It won't be long now ♪ 
♪ His love will last ♪ 
♪ His love will last forever ♪ 
♪ Take my hand ♪ 
♪ You know I'll be there if you can ♪ 
♪ I'll cross the sky for your love ♪ 
♪ Give you what I hold dear ♪ 
♪ Hold on ♪ 
♪ And hold on tightly ♪ 
♪ Hold on ♪ 
♪ Hold on tightly to this love ♪ 
♪ This love will last forever... ♪ I'm sorry, Daddy. I'll fix it. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 