Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 04x06 - By The Spit - Queen Sugar 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 04x06 - By The Spit https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=707&t=34455 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/01/19 17:17 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 04x06 - By The Spit 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Queen Sugar" My mother taught me to believe in what's good. 
  You're good. 
  - What's wrong, babe? 
  - It's Nova's doing. 
  She spit in my face. 
  I'm never gonna forgive her. 
  If you decide to run, you'll discover the Landrys ar tip of the spear. 
  This isn't allowed. 
  You made more enemies in a day than I made in a lifetime. 
  My pops is my Daddy. 
  But she says he ain't your real one. 
  Is that why I look different than you? 
  As long as my heart is beating, Blue, I'll be your Daddy 'cause I chose you. 
  Yeah, you know that I am on it, baby Oh, yeah Ooh, beautiful as usual. 
  It's not too buttoned-up? 
  It is a serious suit for a serious woman. 
  [SIGHS] 
  Have the press day tomorrow. 
  Hopefully my feet can take it. 
  [CHUCKLES] 
  Ah, comfort is overrated when you look as amazing as you do right now. 
  Oh, I connected with some colleagues here in Atlanta to help drum up some more highbrows in the press, and there's a shindig this week at that new social club, lots of notables should be there. 
  You stay plugged in. 
  I can give my publicist a call to get us on this list. 
  Oh, but we are already vip, my queen. 
  Oh, sins are dark, but still, I'm cooking Yeah, I am on it, baby Dreams never die Take flight as the world turns Keep the colors in the lines Take flight as the world turns Keep the colors in the lines Take flight Dreams never die keep the colors in the lines Keep the colors in the lines Take flight [LAUGHS] 
  I loved it. 
  [LAUGHS] 
  Hey, Debra. 
  Yeah, sure. 
  I can always use good news. 
  What? 
  What do you mean I can't believe this. 
  Wow. 
  Thank you. 
  Okay. 
  Talk soon. 
  I've been shortlisted for the national book award. 
  I can't. 
  I can't even believe this. 
  Congratulations, Nova. 
  This could get my book in front of so many more people who need help, and I think it could really help my family see the value and reach of our story. 
  I mean, can't believe this. 
  This is incredible. 
  Yes. 
  Yes, it is. 
  But remember, Nova, you don't need an award to help people. 
  You don't need an award for validation. 
  Yes, I-I-I know that. 
  Oh, I don't mean to rain on your parade. 
  I'm just being real with you, reminding you of who you are and to keep it all in the proper perspective. 
  Baby, you are worthy right now, period, point-blank, the end. 
  Maybe I should take him to school so he doesn't Miss the whole day. 
  I don't know. 
  You should let him take a break today. 
  Did you make the appointment? 
  I didn't get around to it yet. 
  I'm working on it. 
  Ralph Angel, he just found out about you, about us. 
  He's a kid. 
  We need to make sure that he's gonna be okay. 
  They even said they'd come to us. 
  There it is. 
  It's official. 
  [SIGHS] 
  Is it the right decision? 
  If you believe in it, it's the right decision. 
  Candidate Bordelon, I'm with you all the way. 
  You got this. 
  Alright, so, we're all gonna pair up and each take a neighborhood. 
  Yeah, we actually don't have much time to get this in the ballot, so we got to talk to every registered voter in St. 
  Jo and get them to back our anti-habit proposal. 
  We can get it done. 
  We hit the pavement every day until we do. 
  That's right. 
  I'm from across the way in St. 
  Thomas. 
  We have skin in the game, too. 
  I heard you're announcing soon. 
  I don't waste much time. 
  I like that. 
  I like that a whole lot. 
  So, I'm here to lend you a hand, young lady. 
  Wow. 
  Thank you. 
  I love your enthusiasm, and I'm so happy that St. 
  Thomas is joining the fight. 
  Your name, ma'am? 
  This is lady Genevieve, Leon durand's baby sister. 
  Baby sister? 
  I'm a grown woman, Mr. 
  Prosper. 
  But it's good to see you again. 
  It's good to see you, too, lady Genevieve. 
  Okay. 
  Uh, let's, uh Let's let's do it. 
  Let's get to work. 
  Yeah. 
  So, how have you been? 
  Very well, thank you for asking. 
  Thank you for showing your respects to Leon. 
  Yeah, well, the least I could do for him and so many others, unfortunately. 
  How many has it been for you this year? 
  Funerals? 
  Uh I stopped counting after the fifth one. 
  Time does slip one by, whether we're ready for it or not. 
  Yes, it does. 
  Yes, it does. 
  Come over here. 
  I'm happy to canvass a lot of mixed neighborhoods, but they're gonna want to hear from you directly. 
  Of course. 
  I'm planning to make some inroads later this week. 
  Councilman Barrera will be campaigning a lot there for us, as well, so You might want to be there yourself more often than not. 
  I mean, no disrespect, but they already know her. 
  They want to know you. 
  Does "they" have a name? 
  It sounds like you're talking about someone specific. 
  Well, yeah. 
  Yeah, I would start with angel Martinez. 
  He's a Pastor at Saint Joseph episcopal church across town. 
  You know it? 
  Not yet, but I'm just getting started. 
  Hey, um A-are you sure you want to do this? 
  I-I know you've thought this through. 
  The Landry-Boudreaux family I mean, they're a lot. 
  I'm a lot. 
  Whatever I have to do, whomever I need to talk to, I'll do it, for St. 
  Jo, and for my Daddy. 
  I can't lose his land. 
  I know. 
  Baby, I'm not blaming you, I just want to make sure you straight. 
  I'm fine. 
  Don't make a big deal about it. 
  It just doesn't happen every time. 
  Not for us. 
  Usually, I'm the one that got to catch up, and you ready to go. 
  I'm tired, that's all. 
  You sure? 
  I'm sure, baby. 
  [CLEARS THROAT] 
  Sorry. 
  Just a bit keyed-up. 
  Still getting used to being the one who's being interviewed. 
  Thank you. 
  You're a natural star. 
  You always were. 
  I'll be right outside. 
  I-I'm sorry, Dr. 
  Laurent, right? 
  I didn't catch how you two were associated. 
  Oh, I'm Nova's former professor, just tagging along for the day, doing a faculty write-up for the alumni magazine. 
  You know, I've had the pleasure over the years of watching Nova grow as a writer and an activist, so it's gratifying to see her recent success up-close. 
  Probably have some great stories. 
  Those would probably have to be off the record. 
  [LAUGHTER] 
  Let's get started. 
  - Why a story about your family? 
  - [RECORDER BEEPS] 
  What were you trying to uncover? 
  First and foremost, I was trying to uncover the truth, and then use that truth to make connections to a broader American narrative. 
  How has sharing the truth with the world impacted you and your family? 
  The truth can be difficult to face sometimes. 
  But on the other side of that confrontation is healing, and healing takes time. 
  Uh, let's switch topics for a bit. 
  I want to make sure we cover this. 
  Your sister, Charley, is preparing to announce her run for city council in your hometown. 
  Would you say your activism has rubbed off on her? 
  Mm. 
  Um, black women's influence on one another is such an overlooked tradition. 
  Of course Nova's activism has influenced her sister's budding interest, just as my work has influenced Nova's intellectual curiosity. 
  Black girl magic is more of a continuum. 
  Blue, can you tell me what happened at school? 
  Friend told him that please, Mr. 
  Bordelon, I'd like to hear from Blue. 
  What's your doll's name? 
  Kenya. 
  Does Kenya know what happened? 
  Maybe she could tell us. 
  Kenya says that Marcus said that my pops isn't my real pops. 
  Thank you for sharing that. 
  The first thing I want you to know is that none of this is your fault. 
  You didn't do anything wrong. 
  Everyone's family looks different. 
  What's most important about family is that it's made up of people who love you. 
  Let's take a break. 
  Blue, you want to go play for a bit? 
  Alright, come on. 
  [CHUCKLES] 
  Okay. 
  I think this is gonna be really good for Blue. 
  Yeah, I hope so. 
  [SIGHS] 
  Blue's a great kid. 
  It may not seem like it now, but Blue's processing this in a fairly normal way. 
  That may also be because he's yet to grasp what it all means. 
  What can we do to help? 
  Be patient. 
  Acceptance takes time. 
  This can be a lot for co-parents to handle. 
  Let's try an exercise. 
  I want each of you to write a list of the dreams, big or small, that you have for you and Blue. 
  It's important for you to visualize the future, and Blue needs to understand that his future is more important than his past. 
  That starts with both of you. 
  Everything's in range, Violet. 
  Normal. 
  I sure don't feel normal. 
  Whatever symptoms you're experiencing, they're not related to your Lupus medication. 
  Well, if it ain't got nothing to do with my medication, I don't know what's going on. 
  Quite honestly, for the last few weeks, you know, I've been having trouble in the bedroom. 
  I just haven't been in the mood, and that ain't me. 
  I mean That ain't me. 
  You said this started a few weeks ago? 
  Any major life events recently? 
  Something unexpected or traumatic? 
  Unexpected or traumatic. 
  Try both. 
  Jimmy Dale, my ex-husband, is definitely both. 
  Still looking at that? 
  It wasn't fair of him to spring that on you. 
  It's a big deal that Charley's running. 
  If she wins, she can bring real change to St. 
  Jo. 
  And I'm here, giving fluff interviews. 
  One you're a star now. 
  It goes with the territory. 
  And two so what? 
  So what? 
  I'm talking about my family. 
  They're important to me. 
  You know how I feel about family. 
  They're just biological accidents. 
  I hate it when you say that. 
  It's not true. 
  At least not for me. 
  Would you and your sister be friends if you weren't related? 
  I'm not sure we're friends now. 
  Exactly. 
  Sometimes, we have to put family in the rearview to get to where we want to go. 
  - Hey. 
  - Hey. 
  Thanks for dropping this off. 
  You're welcome. 
  You want to come in? 
  I would have picked it up myself. 
  I just, um no, it's no big deal. 
  I mean, I was headed out anyway. 
  - Well, I'll see you later. 
  - Keke. 
  I'm going to see ant again later. 
  I was hoping that you would come with me. 
  Only immediate family can see him in juvie. 
  The warden checked me out and thought I could be a good influence on him. 
  Of course you are. 
  I'm happy that you're gonna see him. 
  It's good for ant to see a friendly face. 
  Keke, I was hoping we could talk. 
  I don't feel like it right now, Micah. 
  Maybe later. 
  Okay. 
  See ya. 
  Give ant my love. 
  That was quick. 
  What? 
  No lines? 
  Couple of workers was talking about that highway. 
  One of them thought they were gonna be able to stop it. 
  Yeah, me, too. 
  [SIGHS] 
  Say, brother, you alright? 
  Just tired, man. 
  Ain't been sleeping. 
  I mean, highway and Nova's book, hella stressed. 
  Should have burned that damn book all the way up. 
  Me and Darla are getting Blue therapy over it. 
  - Say what? 
  - Yeah. 
  But did it help? 
  I don't know yet. 
  I just doing, like, dream list or something. 
  What's a dream list? 
  Me and Darla supposed to think about Blue's future, what we want it to look like. 
  I'm just thinking about today. 
  I think about tomorrow tomorrow. 
  You feel me? 
  You ever ask yourself if tomorrow's for other folk? 
  Me and Vi, man, we supposed to be living it up. 
  We got love, a bit of money, doing it. 
  But stuff that happened before we was even a "we," man, it's just hanging onto us like a bad cold. 
  Bedtime's even chilly. 
  But sh1t, man, that ain't no way to live, sitting around scared that your past gonna snatch up your future. 
  Y'all meant to be, though. 
  Everybody know that. 
  So, don't give up. 
  MICAH: How often do you all get together like this? 
  ROMERO: The church does this every so often. 
  They call it a condesa. 
  It's like our version of a barbecue. 
  It's always great people, great music, great food. 
  Let me get you another one. 
  - Yes, please. 
  - Okay. 
  [INDISTINCT CHATTER] 
  Thank you for coming. 
  You know it means a lot to me that you, uh, are getting to know Romero a little. 
  You really like him, huh? 
  - I do. 
  - [BOTH LAUGH] 
  I mean, I don't I don't know where it's going. 
  All I know is I feel happy when I'm with him. 
  That's all that matters. 
  You deserve to be happy. 
  Okay. 
  Thank you. 
  Nice and hot. 
  So, tell me about Pastor Martinez. 
  I-I thought it'd be a good idea to meet him and his members on his own turf. 
  He respects that. 
  Thank you. 
  Of course. 
  Okay. 
  Um, I'm gonna head to Malik's house, but I'll see you tomorrow, yeah? 
  - Okay. 
  - Okay. 
  Peace. 
  Time to make friends. 
  [INDISTINCT CHATTER] 
  Hi. 
  Pastor Martinez? 
  Ms. 
  Bordelon. 
  Uh, you know me? 
  Everyone knows you. 
  Charley Bordelon. 
  And I hear the same is true of you, Pastor. 
  So, what brings you to our side of the tracks? 
  [CHUCKLES] 
  Just, uh, enjoying the neighborhood party in our community. 
  Our? 
  [SCOFFS] 
  I see. 
  Well, while you're here, try the flautas. 
  - My mother made them. 
  - I already did. 
  They were delicious. 
  Thanks so much for, uh, allowing me to be here. 
  Love to visit more. 
  I hope to, uh, see more of your parishioners very soon. 
  Good. 
  But you should know I'm not one of those so amazed that you can dance a little merengue that you automatically get a permanent invite to la fieta. 
  You don't trust me. 
  Before today, I'd never seen you in our neighborhoods. 
  Why should I trust you? 
  Understood. 
  I hope that you'll give me the chance to prove myself worthy of your vote, of the parishioners' votes. 
  I want you to vote for me, not because I'm the lesser of two evils, but because you believe in me and my desire for all of us to rise together. 
  Thank you for your time, Pastor. 
  - MAN: Yeah. 
  - WOMAN: Yeah. 
  WOMAN #2: So, did your father really do as I wrote in my book, I don't know for sure. 
  I simply ask the question. 
  I care more about all of us living with so many secrets more than anything else. 
  I got to tell you, though, I was rooting for you and that white guy. 
  - What's his name again? 
  - Calvin. 
  Yes, Calvin. 
  Now, come on, girl. 
  Real talk. 
  You knew that wasn't gonna work with a married man. 
  But who hasn't dated a white married man? 
  Am I right, ladies? 
  Excuse me. 
  Aw, don't worry about them. 
  They don't mean anything. 
  I don't know how you do this scene so often. 
  Feels so superficial. 
  You get used to it. 
  Think of it as a game where the goal is to stay in it as long as you can. 
  There's only one problem with that I was never one for playing games. 
  Well, we all have to play at some point if we want any real success. 
  There's Lisette. 
  I should go say hi. 
  Hey! 
  LISETTE: Would you like a glass of champagne? 
  Yes. 
  - I'll take one. 
  - Perfect timing. 
  LISETTE: I thought the book was brilliant. 
  I'm thinking of asking Nova to edit a collection of essays on race. 
  Yeah, that's not really Nova's forte, but I have been looking for my next project, and it sounds absolutely perfect. 
  Your past work is still important, but the series I'm launching is called "fresh voices. 
  " It's specifically for emerging writers. 
  Maybe you could write the forward? 
  The forward? 
  Mm-hmm. 
  Oh. 
  Excuse me. 
  I have to get this. 
  Take care. 
  What was that all about? 
  I was just singing your praises, and I set us up a lunch date for tomorrow. 
  The new Dean of faculty at Princeton is in town, and he wants to meet us. 
  Be right back. 
  [GASPS] 
  Hey. 
  Ah, ah, ah Querido ah, ah, ah Querido ah, ah, ah Querido So, things good with Pastor Martinez? 
  Eh, not really. 
  Not yet. 
  But I'm happy. 
  Why is that? 
  Because you brought me into your world No strings attached And tried to be something for me. 
  [SIGHS] 
 
 
 
  I can't remember the last time a man added to my life without taking from it Or tried to change me. 
  Thank you. 
  You deserve good things, Charley. 
  So do you. 
  And I think you've waited long enough. 
  We both have. 
  Go light, don't let it go Baby don't let it go 'Cause we're all right here Alright now Alright now A-alright Can you feel my love Undernea-a-a-Th you I pray it creeps into your body Let it console, let it run through Every part of you Are we really gonna waste our life Playing games with each other? 
  You know the slumber will stop That's fine. 
  Thank you. 
  You look like you're seriously over it. 
  Some of it or all of it? 
  What can I start you with? 
  Something strong. 
  Anything, really. 
  - You coming or going? 
  - I came, I saw, and now I'm blowing this joint tomorrow morning. 
  Oh, uh, doesn't sound like the best trip. 
  Sometimes the bar is higher than your reach. 
  This one's on me. 
  Thank you. 
  This is fantastic. 
  I call that one "drop it like it's hot. 
  " [BOTH LAUGH] 
  Okay. 
  I'm Terrence. 
  Nova. 
  Now, Nova Why are you, as beautiful as organic brown sugar, the whole package, alone here in this hotel bar? 
  Currently, I'm being accompanied by an old friend for my book tour An old friend who I should've left where I found her. 
  So now I'm here all alone, um, trying not to make the same mistake I made last time. 
  I mean, if you're up to it later, there's a lounge nearby with a deejay. 
  We could sweat out all your problems. 
  That all sounds lovely. 
  But you've done enough. 
  Thank you for the conversation. 
  I appreciate it. 
  - Hi. 
  - Hey. 
  - May I have some water? 
  - Absolutely. 
  Did you know that beaks are also called bills? 
  I didn't know that. 
  And a black skimmer uses a l-longer, lower bill to skim food out of the water. 
  Interesting. 
  Are there other animals besides birds that can talk? 
  Hmm. 
  I don't know. 
  That's a very good question. 
  Guess you could say a lot of animals talk, just in their own way, like how dogs bark. 
  And cats meow? 
  Yeah. 
  [LAUGHS] 
  [GASPS] 
  Have you seen a flamingo? 
  They're really tall. 
  Taller than me? 
  They're not that tall. 
  Not not that tall. 
  "After the mother penguin lays the egg, it's the job of the father penguin to stay with the egg and keep it warm and safe until the baby penguin is ready to be born. 
  " Like how you keep me safe, pops. 
  Yeah. 
  Just like that. 
  The rainbow on her head? 
  Pastor? 
  MAN: Thank you. 
  Your words last night really touched me. 
  I want you to know I'm serious about building bridges between our communities. 
  We should all be serious about that all the time. 
  My commitment to all of St. 
  Jo is real. 
  Black and Latin ex-residents should work together and pool you say that as if it's easy to do. 
  There are forces that prey on our fears and use it against us. 
  Sometimes, we do it to ourselves. 
  You know, I think, um I think some black people feel like we're still fighting for basic equality, even though we're the ones who built this country. 
  And we're often the ones who maintain it by doing jobs others won't. 
  I-I see that. 
  Keep us fighting each other while the powers that be are at the bank cashing checks. 
  I need you to know That I am in this for the long haul. 
  Well, nothing's going to be fixed overnight and certainly not in time for the city council election. 
  But I welcome a continued conversation between us. 
  [MOTORCYCLE ENGINE HUMS] 
  I am blown away What in the world? 
  [INDISTINCT LYRICS] 
  I know you did not just buy that deathtrap. 
  Well, hello to you, too, and I most certainly did. 
  You know it's always been a dream of mine. 
  Well, I am not riding on that thing. 
  I got this idea of you jujust leaning on, holding on to me while the wind blow in our face. 
  [LAUGHS] 
  Aw, baby. 
  I know I ain't been myself with you lately, but it ain't got nothing to do with you, baby nothing. 
  But I know something is wrong. 
  Could you please just tell me? 
  Oh, oh, oh So, I talked to Dr. 
  Badami. 
  And today I realized that Jimmy Dale coming back stirred up a lot of stuff in me that I didn't know was still there. 
  It has taken everything I got to just get through each day. 
  It's messing with my mind, and I'm mad as hell about that. 
  So I'm asking for your patience, please And for a little bit of space. 
  From me? 
  Just for a little while. 
  I know it ain't fair. 
  What is it they say? 
  "In sickness and in health, for better or for worse. 
  " What I did to ever deserve you I will never know. 
  [DOOR SLAMS] 
  [KEYS JINGLE] 
  [ZIPPER ZIPS] 
  Blew off our lunch. 
  Your lunch. 
  [SCOFFS] 
  All I've done for you on this tour You invited yourself on this tour. 
  Being with you, consoling you, keeping your spirits up? 
  Emotional labor is still work, baby. 
  I refuse to be treated like an afterthought. 
  You want to talk about respect? 
  You tried to take that book opportunity from me. 
  How could you? 
  You're not qualified to do that kind of work, and you know it. 
  They only want you 'cause you're hot, which, believe me, cools quickly. 
  When you've sustained a 20-year career, then you come question me. 
  You can keep your 20-year career if it means lies and deceit. 
  Says the woman who threw her family under the bus for her book. 
  I'm not your student anymore. 
  You do know I made you, right? 
  You were so green. 
  I found you, saw you, spit-shined you until I got the backwoods' stink off your thinking. 
  Wow. 
  This is a sad day. 
  I suspected it, but now I know. 
  I've outgrown you. 
  The doors I kicked down to make it possible for you You don't even know the half of it all I had to choke down just to be seen! 
  [SIGHS] 
  I have tremendous respect for you and all that you've done for women like me. 
  I'm beyond grateful. 
  But I've always charted my own path, and I will continue to do so. 
  Nova. 
  You were always the one. 
  Others tried to get close, but I never crossed that line again. 
  You were my first in so many meaningful ways. 
  I'll always remember that. 
  [DOOR OPENS, CLOSES] 
  [INDISTINCT CHATTER] 
  [TELEPHONE RINGS] 
  Have we Got a good little slipstream going here? 
  That's because we make a good team. 
  [LAUGHS] 
  Yes, we do. 
  Yes, we do. 
  Well, um I know it's getting on to about lunch time, but, uh, for dinner, I'm grilling some steaks, and, uh, I have extra if you want one. 
  Free steak? 
  I'll bring the wine. 
  [BOTH LAUGHS] 
  Okay. 
  Let me show you something. 
  Hmm? 
  Does this say fighter? 
  It says winner, relatable But still muy hermosa. 
  Gracias, mi amor. 
  [LAUGHS] 
  I just I don't know. 
  I feel like the campaign is it's coming together. 
  I know I still have a lot of work to do, but I just I feel good about tomorrow's announcement. 
  I-I do. 
  - Aah! 
  - Oh! 
  WOMAN: You see him? 
  MAN: Where'd that come from? 
  - Anybody see him? 
  - Is everyone okay here? 
  Okay. 
  A-a little shaken. 
  Charlie, let me let me help you. 
  - You're bleeding. 
  - What? 
  Sit down. 
  What if the brick had hit prosper or Genevieve or or or anyone? 
  I didn't think this campaign would be putting people's lives in danger. 
  You're not putting anyone's life in danger. 
  The Landrys are. 
  This is on them. 
  - I know, but - this is exactly why you're running, to protect St. 
  Jo from people that would do this. 
  People think they can just push us around. 
  Exactly. 
  You're in the midst of a proud tradition. 
  Fight. 
  Out of the ripe old Now I'm stronger today I'll take a deep breath, there's no holding back Headfirst, yeah, I'll dive right in I am who I am, I'll give you all I have If you take what I got to give You get the best You get the best You get the best Out of me You get the best You get the best You get the best Out of me [DIAL TONE RINGS, BEEPS] 
  You've reached Charley Bordelon. 
  I can't get to the phone right now so please leave a message. 
  - [BEEPS] 
  - Hi, Charley. 
  It's Nova. 
  I was hoping to catch you. 
  I just wanted to congratulate you on running. 
  It's just Charley, it's fantastic. 
  It's really incredible to see you looking out for St. 
  Jo in all of the ways that you have since you've been home. 
  I've always admired how you know what you want and you go after it, no matter what. 
  I'm really proud of you. 
  I Miss you. 
  I love you. 
  Give my love to Micah. 
  'Night. 
  [CELLPHONE BEEPS] 
  [CHEERS AND APPLAUSE] 
  Today, in the place that I am proud to call home, I am officially announcing my candidacy for city council and letting everyone know that it will take more than a brick through my window to stop me from doing what's right for our parish! 
  [CHEERS AND APPLAUSE] 
  - Whoo! 
  - Right! 
  But before I continue, I must thank councilwoman Isabel Barrera for her service to St. 
  Jo and for her gracious support. 
  [CHEERS AND APPLAUSE] 
  To our victory! 
  [CHEERS AND APPLAUSE INTENSIFY] 
  We are not expendable. 
  We still stop the highway. 
  We will flourish on our farms. 
  We will protect our community together. 
  We will reclaim our parish! 
  We are St. 
  Josephine's parish in the grand state of Louisiana, and we ain't going anywhere! 
  [THUNDEROUS CHEERS AND APPLAUSE] 
  [CHEERS AND APPLAUSE CONTINUE] 
  WOMAN: Oh, re-re. 
  [TONES PLAY] 
  [WHOOSH 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 