Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 03x10 - Here Beside the River - Queen Sugar 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 03x10 - Here Beside the River https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=707&t=42687 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/19/21 05:57 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 03x10 - Here Beside the River 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously, on "Queen Sugar"... 
 I can't take Blue away from the only family he's ever known. 
 - We're his family too. 
 - I'm asking  - for 70/30 split for custody. 
 - You're out your mind. 
 The New Yorker, they want to publish  the chapter on your dad's depression. 
 Sam has run this family's legacy into the ground. 
 I need him out. 
 You can help me do that. 
 Please don't hate me. 
 Remy and I, we kissed. 
 Oh, no, no, we need to put that out right now. 
 Go, go, go! 
 My mama was my north star. 
 Free. 
 Fierce. 
 A warrior. 
 My mama was... 
 the ground beneath my feet. 
 But the day the sickness came,  the trees shook and the ground swayed. 
 And at 19, I let out a cry in this earthquake of sorrow. 
 She was my everything. 
 Grief and confusion wedged into every corner of my universe. 
 Where her bright light once charted my way,  everything went dark. 
 But an hour from New Orleans  on the other side of Lake Pontchartrain,  deep in the stalks of the cane fields,  my sweet daddy's tears quenched the earth. 
 I never knew that that the land,  and my mama's grave beneath it,  were more than he could bear. 
 My daddy was the land. 
 And we were generations of earth. 
 From the nooses withered in the trees  to the blood-drenched ground. 
 Daddy would spend a lifetime  fertilizing the earth to grow a new. 
 He fought hard. 
 Every farming grant denied. 
 Every deed contested. 
 Every plantation owner come a-knockin',  trying to take what was ours. 
 He always stood tall  and strong in those mud-caked boots. 
 But the day her sickness came,  he slowly started bleeding out. 
 The stars, her star that once lit his sky,  went dark. 
 So he walked the furrows with a gun  in the worn corduroy jacket  he used to warmed me with on chilly nights. 
 He walked for hours  in a forest of cane,  and buried in a casket of sorrow. 
 Unable to see her star. 
 Holding that gun, fingers curled... 
 among generations that walked before,  grieving, bleeding... 
 I never knew the depth of his pain. 
 But as the whispers of our ancestors lifted from the ground  and carried him in the breeze,  his fingers uncurled and he loosened his grip,  guiding him to the break in the field. 
 And at the edge of the land he found... us. 
 Waiting. 
 Arms opened. 
 Thank you. 
 ♪ Dreams never die ♪  ♪ Take flight As the world turns ♪  ♪ Dreams never die ♪  ♪ Take flight As the world turns ♪  ♪ Keep the colors In the lines ♪  ♪ Take flight ♪  ♪ Dreams never die ♪  ♪ Keep the colors In the lines ♪ *QUEEN SUGAR* Season 03 Episode 10  ♪ Keep the colors In the lines, take flight ♪ Episode Title: "Here Beside the River"  Investigations are still underway. 
 As of yet there are no suspects,  and the owner of the plantation says  there have been no direct threats. 
 I can't believe this. 
 So disrespectful. 
 What do you mean? 
 I mean, I get it. 
 I've seen lots of people disrespecting over there, but... 
 but that's still history, you know? 
 If they wanted to make a statement,  they should have just burned down the big house. 
 Oh, we're still studying for my physics test  - after school. 
 - Yes. 
 Yes, we are. 
 - You keep ditching our study sessions. 
 - I know, I'm sorry. 
 I see my girls. 
 Okay. 
 - Have a good day. 
 - You too. 
 I'm not stupid. 
 I didn't tell them nothing. 
 Gave them the exact alibi everybody else gave. 
 - Are you sure? 
 - Yes. 
 Cops were at his house last night. 
 - Whose house? 
 - Ant's. 
 - Are you serious, bro? 
 - Yeah. 
 But they don't got nothing. 
 It's just because of the game. 
 People are talking. 
 It's all over the news, the Internet. 
 It's going to be okay. 
 You find it or not? 
 It's my pop's. 
 Oh, it was just probably in someone's bag. 
 - We'll find it. 
 - Man, I hope so. 
 Going to need it. 
 I know Jarrett's being all thorough and everything. 
 But, Lord, some of these. 
 Ain't nobody going to put a pie shop in the middle of nowhere. 
 Look... 
 Baby, are you all right? 
 I think I just slept on my neck wrong last night. 
 - Oh. 
 I got me some aspirin. 
 - No, I'm good. 
 I'm good. 
 I'm about to just take this out to the truck and move on out. 
 All right now. 
 Love you. 
 I love you too. 
 Whatever you've got,  I can assure you my wife already knows. 
 That's not why I asked you here, Colton. 
 You might have my cousin wrapped around your finger,  but let me be clear: there's a big difference  between a Boudreaux and a Landry. 
 You got five minutes. 
 What do you want? 
 Your shares in Landry Enterprises. 
 All 10%. 
 I'll double what you've paid her. 
 Keep your mistress. 
 No, I'm here because of a company called Pillary Reach. 
 Now, you've been rolling around in the mud  with your frat brothers. 
 Washing everyone's dirty money  through your little shell company. 
 It's a "good ole boy" cliché. 
 But Daddy will not be happy when he finds out. 
 I'll give you half. 
 Now, 5% is a lot. 
 Money laundering is a federal crime, Colton. 
 And not only will you go to prison,  but the painstaking FBI searches  and all the investigations  into your daddy's companies and finances,  everything you've ever been a part of... 
 he'll regret ever giving you a dime. 
 I want it all. 
 All 10%. 
 I'm not here to barter. 
 You can take your daddy down, or I can take you down. 
 Your choice. 
 Finish your homework. 
 Are you Ralph Angel Bordelon? 
 What's this about? 
 My name is Lorena Campos,  This is Nina Williams and Officer Charbonneau. 
 We're from the Department of Child and Family Services. 
 Can we talk inside? 
 Y'all can't just be rolling up on people like that. 
 Sir, if we could please just step inside. 
 It won't take long. 
 Come on. 
 I am educated. 
 I'm bringing a career to the table  Why am I wrong if I require a brother to  match my effort as prerequisite to marriage? 
 I'm glad you came out  I have to see him again to know it's real. 
 I know you don't take this Nuri. 
 But this is what love looks like  And what did you have for breakfast this morning? 
 Eggs, toast and milk. 
 We was in a rush this morning. 
 Kitchen usually would be clean. 
 I want to make sure you finish reading through. 
 - Who made breakfast? 
 - Pop made it. 
 Did Pop take you to school too? 
 Yes. 
 Do you wake your pop up, or does he wake you up? 
 For school, he wakes me up. 
 On the weekend, I wake him up. 
 I see. 
 Have you ever not been able to wake your pop up? 
 No. 
 Okay. 
 I just got to say,  watching you living this dream,  standing up for yourself,  all you Bordelons are just so strong. 
 I read that essay about your brother this morning. 
 That niece of yours is a damn good writer. 
 That she is,  but what you mean you read about Ernest? 
 I printed it out after my sister found it online,  and she asked me if these Bordelons  was related to Miss Violet. 
 You know, and I was just glad to read some good in the world  instead of that awful fire. 
 - You hear about that? 
 - I did. 
 New Yorker. 
 That's big, ain't it? 
 It sure is. 
 Let's talk about your record. 
 My record got nothing to do with my ability to be a dad. 
 My interest is in your record as it pertains  to the welfare of your child. 
 Nothing wrong with the welfare of my child. 
 He fine. 
 
 
 
 Scraped his arm at school. 
 And that's it. 
 I need you to pay attention here, please. 
 It's kind of hard when she in there interrogating my kid. 
 This is standard procedure. 
 - Who called you, huh? 
 - I want to know. 
 We can't disclose that information. 
 Look, I'm a good dad, okay? 
 I work my ass off taking care of that boy. 
 I provide for my son, make sure he eat. 
 Always safe, happy. 
 I ain't do nothing wrong, all right? 
 I ain't do nothing wrong, you understand? 
 And, yeah, I want to know,  who the hell said I ain't a good dad, huh? 
 Why don't you sit down. 
 Let us do our jobs and we'll be on our way. 
 Prosper? 
 I'm in here. 
 Here. 
 Take my hand. 
 Are you okay? 
 - I just need a little help. 
 - Okay. 
 Okay. 
 Here, let's... 
 let's get you up. 
 Let's get you sitting. 
 Okay. 
 Gently. 
 Didn't mean for you to leave work. 
 That's fine. 
 What happened? 
 I was just getting ready to take a shower,  and... 
 something slipped. 
 You're lucky you had your phone on you. 
 You think you can stand? 
 Okay. 
 Okay. 
 Okay. 
 Okay, no. 
 Let's sit down. 
 Let's sit down. 
 Okay. 
 I think we got to get you checked out. 
 Just sit here for me, okay? 
 Okay. 
 - Good morning. 
 - Good morning. 
 So you have to just put your name there,  and the company, and the date and floor. 
 - Thank you. 
 - Have a good day. 
 Hello? 
 So you think I'm an unfit daddy, huh? 
 What are you talking about? 
 You tell me. 
 I just had a cop  and two ladies from Child Services up here. 
 They say somebody filed a complaint. 
 - What? 
 - Wanna tell me what's going on? 
 I thought we was going to work it out. 
 All that talk about mediation. 
 - And this is what you're going to do? 
 - I don't know anything about this,  I swear. 
 I would never make a phone call like that. 
 Yeah, well, someone did. 
 Who you been talking to, huh? 
 No, I haven't talked to anybody. 
 I got to go. 
 You lie. 
 Simons don't know a damn thing about creative writing. 
 All he said was not to swear. 
 Freedom of expression, okay? 
 Not gonna censor my thoughts. 
 What is this, 1984? 
 - It's school. 
 - Just rewrite it. 
 I got eyes on him. 
 He's in the east hallway. 
 - You Anthony Coleman? 
 - Yeah. 
 - Coach... 
 - Oh, hey. 
 get off! 
 - Hey. 
 Stop! 
 - What did I do? 
 He has a right to know what this about. 
 Back up, young lady. 
 Anthony Coleman, you're under arrest for arson, trespassing  and destruction of property. 
 Man, these hurt. 
 KJ, call my mom. 
 I'm calling her now, man. 
 You got a right to remain silent. 
 Anything you say can and will be used against you... 
 You've got a right to an Attorey. 
 If you can't afford one... 
 Ads --->  I want to change the world  One Flyer, one Rally at a time. 
 Got me questioning whether I can do this  Am I ood that boy? 
 I'm not about to let plain get in the way of my future  I've got wings. 
 I ain't gonaa break. 
 I feel like I belong. 
 I need this. 
 Sam Landry just made a big mistake. 
 You need to wake up. 
 It's all a lie. 
 They can't see me coming. 
 I know what I'm doing. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 