Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x13 - Guess Who’s Coming to Donate - Chasing Life 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x13 - Guess Who’s Coming to Donate https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=134&t=16296 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/27/15 07:40 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x13 - Guess Who’s Coming to Donate 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Chasing Life"... 
 Oh, right, you have cancer. 
 It's terrible. Great writer, though. 
 There's a good chance that April's gonna need to have a bone marrow transplant. 
 Since Brenna's not a match, we'll go with what's available. 
 Natalie has agreed to get tested to see if she's a half-match for me. 
 She's like evil. She drugged Greer. 
 You don't know that for sure. 
 Brenna was just caught breaking into Greer's house. 
 (Laughing) Oh, my God, classic. 
 Sara : I don't like sneaking around and keeping this from them. 
 Please have the surgery. 
 He turned his head when he heard his mother's voice. 
 Dr. Hamburg : Not bad after a two-month coma. 
 Leo. 
 So... 
 We're alive. 
 Now what? 
 How is it? 
 It's fine. 
 It's oatmeal. 
 Hey there. 
 Mrs. Hendrie : April. Good morning. We were just having a little breakfast. Actually, I'm... I'm done. You hardly ate anything. I know, I just... I'm not very hungry. Thanks. How you doin' this morning? Same as yesterday. Still enjoying the pleasures of having a nurse bathe me. Lucky nurse. Oh, yeah. There's nothing hotter than a guy who hasn't moved a muscle or gotten any sun in four months. Well, I mean, it's kinda true. How else does Rob Pattinson have a career? Honey, you are gonna get out of here,  and you're gonna feel like your old self again. Yeah, myself with no motor skills. You're gonna get them back. And, hey, you start physical therapy tomorrow, right? Let's just take it one step at a time, okay? And be happy that you are alive. (Sarcastically) Oh, I sure am. Why did I change my mind? I'd never change my mind. He's having a little trouble remembering the days before his procedure. Short-term memory loss is a common side effect. I had a plan. I was gonna keep living on my terms, not like this. Now you have your whole life to... Until a tumor comes back. Which is exactly what happened the last time we thought we got rid of it. Leo, you can't think that way. I'm sorry, Mom. I really don't have... Much control over how I think these days. You may have noticed I don't have the best brain in the world.  (Theme music playing) ♪ You bet your soul, honey ♪ 
♪ you bet your soul ♪ 
♪ just right ♪ 
♪ You could stay all night and never wanna go home ♪ 
♪ 'cause we can't stop ♪ It's just hard to watch Leo lying there, barely able to move, and not tell him that I know the reason he decided to have surgery. And you can't even play the cancer card if he gets upset with you now 'cause you're in remission. Hey, I'm still a member of the "C" club. In fact, this afternoon I have an appointment with my oncologist to find out if the love child of my late father's 25-year-old secret affair is a bone marrow match for me. Our conversations just get weirder and weirder. (Morgan giggling) Stop. I'm on to you too. Oh, hey, guys. Sorry, I didn't know you guys were out here. Really? We were talking at full volume. Uh, let's just say we were a little distracted. (Morgan chuckles) April, this is Orin, Morgan's... Boyfriend. He's my boyfriend. Oh, wow. When did that happen? Like an hour ago. Okay, mister, I'm gonna make you  the best homemade French toast you have ever had. Uh, French toast? Are we carbo-loading for a marathon or do we just love  the look of, uh, cellulite in the morning? Did I say French toast? I don't even know, like, why I said that. I... I meant,  like, smoothies. Dairy-free? Yes. Yeah. Obviously, duh. Hey, Beth, where's my smoothie stuff? Your smoothie stuff? All the... my smoothie stuff that I always have? I think she ate all of my smoothie stuff. Ah, let's just go back to bed. Okay. (Orin chuckles softly) Good idea. That's a good idea. And it's totally fine. Like, it's not a big deal. At least she's not still single and desperate. Now she's just subservient and anti-feminist. And they're always here. Plus, I hear, like, everything. Everything? Luckily, if they start to do that, Morgan turns on this awful dubstep music that he really likes, and it kind of... (Dubstep music playing) Hey, have you seen Aaron? He's not responding to any of my e-mails about the judicial corruption piece I was gonna cover. He hasn't? Huh. That's strange. I cannot mess this up like I did my last assignment. Hey, you sound pretty stressed. You know, if you want, I could just take this one. Mmm, no. But nice try. Okay, I have to tell you something. Aaron reassigned the judicial corruption piece. To me. He said you were on research duty. Is Aaron, like, demoting me? (Exhales) You know what? I'll ask him myself. Sorry, April, Aaron's super busy today. Oh, that's okay. I just wanted to let you know that I walked by his parking spot a few minutes ago and someone was towing his car. Becca, can you take care of Aaron's phones for a second, please? (Mouths) Madeline, did you seriously book me lunch  at Bay Say Bistro again? I think there was a toenail in my chicken salad sandwich. How'd you get in here? I've been e-mailing you about the judicial corruption piece that we discussed, and now I hear it's been reassigned? Yeah, I gave that to Danny. Does this have anything to do with my cancer? You botched a high-profile interview last week. Did that have anything to do with your cancer? That was... That... no, that was an accident. So, it was just you screwing up? I mean, it... it was maybe related a little bit,  but it wasn't all because of... Look. You couldn't recall a single detail from the interview. You forgot to record. I don't care why it happened. I just can't give you another important piece like that until I know it won't happen again. Make sense? Good. Good talk. I was wondering if I'd see you while we were in town. My mom's, uh, she's parking the car. Mine too. You here for moral support? Sort of. I'm grounded. My mom doesn't want me out of her sight. Because of your run-in with the law? How is that lesbian lover of yours? We're not... Together anymore. You are full of surprises. Well, you don't really know me. So... You don't really know me either. Didn't you say that I was too selfish to do something like this? Guess we're both full of surprises. So, how long are you grounded? I'm only allowed to go to work until school starts. Where do you work? Wait. Let me guess. Hot topic? (Exhales) Actually, I work at a tattoo parlor called Alchemy. In the south end. Ah. There you are. You must be Brenna. It's nice to meet you. Yeah. You too. (Footsteps approaching) (Sara exhales) I'm sorry, everyone. The parking structure was insane. I was waiting for a car to pull out, and this little red compact just swooped in and stole my spot. Uh, Mom? Our rental's a little red compact car. I'm so sorry, Sara. I... I didn't see anyone waiting. Well. Everyone's here that needs to be here, except the person we're all here for. Brenna, have you heard anything from... I'm here! Sorry. I missed the train. Um, hi, Olivia. Natalie. Um, again, thank you so much for doing this. Well, shall we? Dr. Hamburg : Well, we have some good news. Natalie is a half-match. I feel like the Maury Povich of bone marrow. (Laughs) Nobody ever gets that joke. So now what do we do? Well, we have to run a few more tests on Natalie to make sure she's strong enough for the donation. And then when April is ready for the transplant,  we'll bring you back to Boston for the surgery. Surgery? Well, it's a surgical procedure where we withdraw  liquid marrow from both sides of her pelvic bone. With what? Like needles? That you stick into my bones? We read online that it was more just like taking blood. If Natalie was a full match that's how it would be, but since she's a half-match, the procedure's a little more complicated. But you will have anesthesia and you won't feel any pain during the donation. April herself has had a few bone marrow biopsies. I know it sounds awful. And, um, it's... it's intense, but it's a lot scarier to hear about  than to actually go through. Really. And you'd basically be saving April's life. Hey. Hey. Um, I haven't heard back from Susan. So how'd it go with Natalie and Olivia? Natalie is a half-match. Oh, that's good news. It's great news. And such a relief. You have no idea. And I'm almost done with Olivia. Oh. All I have to do is get through one more interaction with her when they come back for April's transplant, and then she's out of my life for good. Then we can go back to normal, huh? (Chuckles) This is normal? (Chuckles) George : Like cucumber? Sara : I do. (Laughs) (Clears throat) Do I need to wear a bell around my neck? Sorry, Emma. (Laughs uncomfortably) We were being careful, Mom. Really? Well, I'm not exactly a ninja, and I've caught you both twice. (Cellphone rings) This is Sara. So, when do you two plan to tell the girls about this new development? Because the next time, one of them might catch you. We're gonna wait until... things with April's health are resolved. Emma : Resolved? You yourself said that she wouldn't be in the clear until she was in remission for three years. When's dinner? We're starving. George, did you hear the news about Natalie? Yeah, it's great. Mom, what's wrong? Well, that was Olivia. She wants to meet with me tomorrow. About what? (Sighs) I think Natalie's backing out. Come on. (Sighs deeply) (Exhales) Okay. Now, lift your right leg for me. Come on. (Groans) Come on, let's show that leg who's boss. (Exhales) Apparently my leg is. (Exhales) Uh, hey, uh, can we... Can we wrap it up for the day? I'm really not feeling so well. Fine. But we're doing a longer session tomorrow. I'm gonna go get the nurse to bring you back upstairs. Feeling sick? Um, maybe, it's just the general nausea associated with accepting my vast personal limitations. Believe me, I get it. It's frustrating to have no control. I just found out that the bone marrow donor I had lined up is probably gonna bail on me. Somehow, you just have to keep believing it's all gonna work out. Look, I know you said you don't remember why you changed your mind to have the surgery, but I still do. Um, before your surgery, you told me that I needed to fight for my life. And then you left me a voice-mail saying that you realized after our little pep talk you weren't ready to give up either. You actually wanted to fight too. (Door opens) Nurse : Leo? It's time to go. Can we just have another minute? Ma'am, you're not even supposed to be in here during physical therapy. We have him on a strict schedule. Okay. No need to call me "ma'am." (Groans) Oh, God. (Sighs) Feel better, Leo. Honestly, she's terrified. They're not just putting some needle in her arm, they're drilling into her back. Isn't there something else you can do? Yes, there are other options, but none of them are as promising. And I understand being afraid, but this could save April's life. Well, you have to understand. It's not my decision. But you're her mother... And as mothers, we've all made our kids do things that they don't wanna do. Natalie's a grown woman. And yet, she's not here. I'm not going to force her into any painful situation she doesn't want to be a part of. We've all been forced into painful situations that we had to endure, and yet, somehow we manage. Why don't you just say it, Sara? Say what? Whatever you're holding back. Go ahead. I have no idea what you're talking about. I should go. Wait wait wait wait. Olivia! Just wait, wait. Please. (Sighs) I know the situation is uncomfortable. How can I even think about helping her when she has such obvious contempt for me? Because this isn't about you and Sara. And Thomas would have wanted his daughters to look out for each other. Look, if I can arrange a dinner at the house with everyone, could you please just... make sure that Natalie comes? Let's see if we just can't ease her mind. I'll do what I can. (Both grunt) Sorry. (Laughs) Make the changes I gave you and send it to layout. Keep up the good work. What? Uh, Aaron? It was the cancer. Excuse me? That's why I forgot to record the interview. My memory still sucks from the chemo. 'Kay. That doesn't mean it'll happen again. I promise if you give me another chance I will deliver. I wrote that piece about Bruce Hendrie dropping out of the governor's race, so maybe if you have anything political you need a writer for... Oh, yeah, that Hendrie piece. That was a big hit with our female demographic, and our publishers are after me for losing that audience. Cool. Write me another one of those. Wait, um... I'm sorry. Another what? Another cancer piece. Something for the Oprah fans, something that will make my wife cry. You... you want a sad cancer story? We need chicks. Chicks like to cry. It's a slow day. You want a tattoo? I won't card you. (Chuckles) That's okay. I'll take one. Hey, Bren. Rebounding after Greer so quickly? Nice. No, Kieran. This is Natalie. Oh. Hey. So you're willing to get stuck with a needle for a tramp stamp, but you won't do it to save someone's life? Would you let someone drill a needle into your back and suck out your bone marrow for me? I didn't think so. Look, I know I'm not your favorite person right now, but I thought that maybe we should hang out or something while I'm in town. I mean, since we, like, share blood. Blood, but apparently not marrow. Whatever. I got invited to a tailgate party at B.C. tomorrow by some frat guys on the team. They were idiots, but it'll probably be fun times. Here's my number. Text me if you wanna come with. Bye. Kieran, could you cover my shift tomorrow? You're really gonna meet up with her? Thinking about it. Maybe I could get her to change her mind. Hey. April Carver to see Leo Hendrie. (Typing) Oh. Something wrong? Um, Leo updated his visitors list. You're no longer on it. That's... he wouldn't. Sorry. If he has a problem with you, then maybe he really is messed up in the head. Maybe you're right. Maybe I was just projecting onto a guy in a coma. (Laughs) And you're right about our conversations getting weirder. I mean, guys in a coma blowing me off? Secret sisters giving me bone marrow? Or not. God, what would we be talking about right now if I never got leukemia? You'd be tweeting pictures of what you ate for lunch. Totally. (Dubstep music playing) (Exhales) See, this is my day. Every day. Why can't you just go hang out at Graham's whenever they're like... "Dubstepping?" I mean, I could, but Dominic is there. And wouldn't that make you feel kinda weird? Oh, no. Don't worry about me. I just feel like I'm breaking girl code or something. Especially since it sounds like Dominic's still being kind of a jerk to you. I mean, he kind of is, but I... I don't want you trapped in here with... Yeah, I'm gonna see what Graham's up to. Sara's not home. She's at the market shopping for tonight's dinner. Oh, okay. Will you just let her know that I dropped by? All right, I just have to ask. Do you disapprove of me and Sara not telling the girls? Or you just disapprove of me and Sara? Not sure why you need my approval. Oh, come on, Emma. You've never been one to hide your feelings. And Sara's never been one to hide anything either. Look, all I can say is people keep secrets when they're afraid of the truth. Uh-huh. And what's the truth? There's an obstacle to your relationship that's not going away anytime soon. Her dead husband and your brother. Thomas has been gone for two years. Oh, listen to Sara go off about Olivia. It's apparent he's still very much around. If you disagree, you can always ask Sara to go public. See what she says. Aaron : If he takes the story somewhere else, I'll sue the little snot for breach of contract. I don't care if he's eight years old! What's this? Um, my article. Yeah. It's not what I asked for. I'm sorry, but I just think that the inflated cost for premium cancer treatment is outrageous. Didn't I say I wanted you to make my wife cry? Yeah. You know what did not make my wife cry? An article about how health insurance sucks. You know what my wife did after she read the first paragraph? She turned on "Dancing With The Stars." I need something personal. You gave me a bunch of statistics. So you want me to write more about my own experience? Sure. If it's sadder. Um, hold... sorry. Now I'm just feeling kind of exploited. Huh? I'm a journalist. My major was in poli-sci. My background is in... Poli-sci? That is so interesting. Wait, what did you write your thesis about? Oh, um, it was about how protests in Tahrir Square have shaped a generation... I'm kidding! I don't care. Look, I'm running a business here. You're a writer-for-hire. Either you deliver the story I ask for or you go back to research duty. Your choice. We are B.C.! We are B.C.! Three, four, five... We are b.C.! We are b.C.! (Guys cheer) Whoo-hoo! You came! Yeah, my mom thinks I'm at work. Sweet. Let me grab you a beer. So are these the guys that you met on the "T"? Honestly, I don't remember. Not that it matters. The best thing about being young and hot is that you know everyone. What? Um, nothing. I... Do you think I roofied it? (Laughs) Brenna, I swear to God. I may be twisted, but I've never drugged anyone in my life. Trust me. Yeah! Go Leo! I am your private cheering squad. Yeah! Come on! Did I tell you I was captain of the drill team in college? No, but I'm not surprised. You know, your buddy is not gonna get stronger  if he keeps taking breaks. I just need to talk to him for a sec. Luc : It's your recovery. Five minutes. Sorry to just show up like this. I would have gone to your room, but I can't get up there now. Oh, yeah. That. Look, Leo... I know you regret your choice to have surgery. But even if I had something to do with you changing your mind, it was still your decision. (Scoffs) April, I get that you feel like we've spent the last four months together, but we haven't. I wasn't there for any of it. And even though I'm awake now, I'm not the guy you knew. I don't have any balance. I can barely walk on my own. And I do appreciate you being here, but  everything's changed. I guess I just thought that... Since we were friends before, even if things are a little different now, we're still... That was then. And this new version of me doesn't feel like being friends. With anyone. (Exhales) 
 
 George : Hey, kiddo. How you doing? Stressed. Yeah, I bet. Ah, don't worry. Dinner's gonna be great. Natalie's just, you know... Scared. We'll talk her through it. I hope so. I could use some good news. Leo just informed me that he doesn't want me around anymore. Well, did he say why? I guess he just doesn't think we... Are as connected as I thought we were. He made me feel crazy, though. Like... like I invented the whole relationship, or something. Maybe some relationships just can't be... Sustained. And no matter how much time you give 'em, because... Because what? Because of all the, uh, obstacles that sometimes... Stand in the way. You know, I loved this band before they were even signed. I saw them perform at a high school carnival when I was 18. Now they're like platinum, and no one even believes me that I called it. I'm sure people believe you. They probably just don't care. God, you are... just... you're mean. (Chuckles softly) You love it. I do. You're a meanie. (Door opens) (Laughter) (Graham clears throat) Oh. Sorry. Yeah. You wanna head to my room? (Chuckles) We were on our way to the movies, and Veronica lost her contact. Did she check your mouth? (Laughs) You told me you weren't seeing anybody else. I'm not. Then whose is it? And don't tell me it's your mom's, because I've heard that one before. And it's creepy. Actually, you know, his mom is pretty hot. Graham, shut up. Beth, can you please stop leaving your stuff around our house? Excuse me? It's Beth's bra. I let her change in my room sometimes when she stays over. Yeah, I, uh... Love animal print. Reminds me of my home in the outback. Thank you. (Door slams) (Crowd cheering) Natalie : All right, bye, guys. Frat guy : Yeah, baby. Oh, you looking good! (Guy whistles) Nice legs. Looks like we got some fans of our own. (Guys hooting) Hi, what's your name? Uh... Sorry, not interested. Hi, sorry not interested. I'm Kyle. And I think you're hot. How about giving me your number or something? Natalie : Hey. What? Is that your sister? Yeah. I'm her sister. You want her number? Come here. Closer. Ah! (Guys hollering) Dude, not cool! (Both laughing) Amazing! You're insane. What'd I tell you? Fun times, right? (Both chuckle) I needed a day off like this. I've been really bummed about the Greer stuff. When I was in high school, I fell in love with this guy. He was a football player and a lifeguard. Can you get any hotter? Anyway, I basically wanted to marry him. We had all these plans. And then... His family moved to Pensacola and... You guys had to break up? Yep. And thank God, he's in prison now. I'm grateful every day that one didn't work out. Otherwise, I'd probably be cleaning baby puke off some second-hand couch somewhere in central Florida. (Chuckles) The way I see it, there are a ton of great loves out there for everyone. It's like... Life. You just gotta keep moving forward, one foot in front of the other... Until the next big thing sweeps you off your feet. (Cellphone chimes) And we've gotta go. We were supposed to be at your house 30 minutes ago for dinner. What? No, I can't go home. I'm... I'm way too drunk. Chill. We'll sober up on the way there. I've got gum. Uh, you said Natalie is where? Oh, she always runs a little behind. Time's different in the keys than it is up here. George : So, Olivia, have you been able to Oh, I live on an island. The last thing I wanna see are more fishermen. Brenna should be here too. She got off work...  (Door closes) 30 minutes ago. Brenna : We're here! Guess who I found walking up the street. Uh, great. So we're all here, Mom. Do you wanna move into the dining room? No need to rush things. Natalie, may I take your coat? Yeah. Hey. Have you been drinking? We were tailgating at the B.C. game. That's what you do when you tailgate... You were supposed to be at work. Did you give her alcohol? Brenna's underage. Way underage. I didn't give it to her. No. We pretty much took what we wanted. Natalie. Mom... It's my fault. Sara, she was totally responsible. It's not like we drove or anything. Brenna, what were you thinking? That I might get Natalie to change her mind. Sara, she didn't make your daughter do anything  that she didn't wanna do. Wow! That's a convenient excuse. Sounds like you've used it before. April : Mom. Olivia : Is that a nervous tick for you? Every time you get a chance, you instantly attack me with some passive-aggressive comment. I'm not gonna do this with you. You know... When Thomas first came to me, he said he was suffering. He told me you were rigid and uptight,  that he felt trapped in your marriage. How dare you! All right, let's just calm down here. Okay, maybe I added the "rigid and uptight" part. But I could read between the lines. Get out of my house. Mom. Come on, Natalie. You were... Really just hanging out with me to get me to change my mind? Olivia : Natalie. (Door opens) (Door closes) (Door closes) So what happened with that girl? Sorry, I forgot her name. It didn't work out. But it's fine. She always kinda annoyed me anyway. So then why were you dating her? I mean, it's not like we were gonna get engaged anytime soon. You know, April used to always talk about what a great guy you were. And even before you dated,  she said that you were sweet and considerate. And... I'm just wondering if that guy's gone for good. 'Cause if so, then that's really too bad. (Door closes) Hey, you okay? (Exhales) Yeah. Mm. Not my finest hour back there. You've had finer. (Both chuckle) I don't know what happened to me. I guess I have more residual anger than I realized. Hmm, clearly. I'm sorry. You're not the right person to talk to about this. Uh, obviously you need somebody to talk to, and I really wanna be that person, but... In this case, it's just too hard. I mean, if it was just, you know, your ex-husband or something, and you had all this baggage. You make it sound like I'm still in love with Thomas, like I haven't let go. And I promise you, that's not... No, I don't think that you're in love with him. I just think that he's still in the picture for both of us. Maybe that's why we've been setting all these rules and not telling people for four months. I just think that maybe... We know that we can't sustain it, that we can never be totally real. It is real. Well, if it's real, then why don't we tell the girls? It's not the right time. See, I'm wondering... If on some level, we both know that there will not be a right time. So what are you saying? That you wanna end it? I think we're approaching a crossroads. I think... You are reading too much into this. Need help? No, I better do this myself  if I wanna get back on Mom's good side. (Dishes clatter) Not that that's even possible after today. I'm sorry. I know you were just trying to help me. (Sighs) Maybe you shouldn't have gotten wasted while doing it, but I appreciate where you were coming from. I just thought it was worth a try since I can't be the one to donate for you. You have to stop beating yourself up about that, Bren. You are there for me in plenty of other ways. Like today. I'm sure it wasn't easy hanging out with our secret sister. (Chuckles) You know, "secret sister" isn't so bad. I think she just wants to feel like a real part of our family. And the way that we went about including her in our lives, I think she just felt kind of... Exploited. (Cars honking) Hey, can we talk? (Exhales) What? I can't imagine what it was like to grow up the way you did. If you're here to feel sorry for the fatherless love-child, I've had enough of that in my life. No, I'm... I'm here because I wanted to tell you that due to recent circumstances that I won't bore you with now, I know what it's like to feel exploited. And I don't blame you and your mom for reacting the way you did to me and my family. I just hope we can move past the last few days, and somehow eventually treat each other like... Well, like what we are. Sisters. If you want me to hug you and tell you that I'm donating my bone marrow now, I'm sorry, but it's not happening. It's not why I'm here. You can do whatever you want. I needed to do this. Here. My new cancer piece. Let me know what your wife thinks. Hey, hold up. What's this one about? It's not exactly what you asked for. It might make your wife cry, might make her laugh. (Softly chuckles) All I know is that recently I have been questioning what my life would have been like if I never got cancer... And I am realizing all I would have missed out on. What's that? Just gonna have to read it and find out. George. Hey. So glad I was able to convince you to sit down for a drink. Yeah yeah. Truth is I've been feeling restless professionally for a while. I think maybe it's time for me to move on to the next thing. Well, lucky for you, my flight back to San Francisco doesn't leave for another couple of hours. How about we talk numbers? Okay. Thanks. How'd you get in? I told the nurse someone was towing her car. People are really nervous about that sort of thing. And before you get mad at me for breaking visitor rules, I just wanna say that I'm not stalking you, and I'm not crazy and I'm not projecting. I didn't say a word. Look, I respect that you don't want people you don't know watching you recover. But I know you. Maybe you don't remember, but we were cancer friends. And when I was the one that was suffering, you were there for me I... I have to be the girl who hopes and prays that she'll find a bone marrow donor. Yeah, the future is totally uncertain... maybe your tumor will come back, maybe my cancer will too. All I know is... The thought of losing you to the tumor... (Sighs) Was tragic. But the thought of losing you like this is just stupid. Okay, that's all. Speech over. You just really hate not being on lists, don't you? I was born to be a V.I.P. Does this mean you're done being melodramatic about letting me visit? I'm not melodramatic. Your voicemails beg to differ. You're the one who calls crying from chapels, all right? And whatever. You loved my voice-mail. It's probably on your workout mix right now. Speaking of working out, you're just gonna sit there or are you gonna throw me the damn ball? (Exhales) Good catch. Your vitals are good and your cell count is great. No drugs in your system, no diseases, genetic disorders or antibodies to worry about. You are in perfect health. Guess beer does the body good. Does that mean I'm good to donate? That's right. When the time comes, you're the man. In the meantime, you two have a safe trip back to Florida. Oh, I'm the only one going back home. Natalie decided to stay for a few more days. Really? Well, Boston is a great city, and you already have family here, so that's fantastic. Yeah. We'll see. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 