Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x02 - Help Wanted - Chasing Life 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x02 - Help Wanted https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=134&t=16070 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 06/17/14 19:07 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x02 - Help Wanted 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Chasing Life"... 
 Happy birthday, Dad. I've got some pretty big news. 
 I got promoted. 
 I'm giving you an assignment. So you up for it? 
 April : I meant my other news. 
 (Exhales) 
 George : After you fainted today, 
 I ran some tests on your blood. 
 You have cancer. 
 So it looks like I might be... 
 Seeing you sometime soon. 
 Dominic : If you feel like getting away later, I'm covering a show at The Hangover at 9:00. 
 April : If you're still seeing Sean, I'm telling you it's a waste of time. It's not worth screwing this family up again. Take care of my man Ty, all right? Wait, Sean. Bren, where are you? Are you okay? (Crying) No. Don't take this the wrong way... You're gonna have to wait a while. I'm not ready yet. Those are really pretty. Thanks. They're for my dad. I dropped my earring. Sorry. So you said that... that's your dad? Yeah. Today would have been his birthday. Thomas Carver. Like the... the novelist? He's like my favorite author.  Mine too. It's such a tragedy what happened. So it must have been, like, really cool growing up with him. Who are you visiting? Um, my grandma. I mean, we... I... we called her grandma,  but she was really my great... great great... Yeah, my great great great grandma. Nice meeting you. (Soft pop music playing) ♪ I see you want me to stay... ♪ Found my earring. ♪ I see you want me to stay... ♪ Wait! I just wanna ask you something! (Panting) (Car engine starts) (Camera shutter clicks) (Breathing heavily) ♪ Ooh ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh ooh. ♪ ♪ You bet your soul, honey ♪ ♪ you bet your soul ♪ 
♪ just right ♪ 
♪ you could stay all night and never wanna go home ♪ 
♪ 'cause we can't stop ♪ 
♪ won't stop ♪ I have huge news for you. Wait, Beth, I have to... I slept with Mike last night. What?  I know. I know. I never even liked him when I was dating him, and then he cheated on me with that chick he met at the car show. But just listen... Please tell me you're not getting back together. No! No. See, this is the genius part. He thought I wanted to get back together, but I just wanted to take the power back. So I used him this time. It was awesome. Because, let's be honest, there's no s*x like ex s*x. I wouldn't know. Well, I didn't before this. Usually I just move to a different country after a breakup. Okay, your turn. I have leukemia. Hilarious. Seriously, what's up? No, seriously, I have leukemia. I found out two days ago. You're the only person who knows. And as if getting cancer isn't bad enough, now I'm back in contact with the guy who basically killed my dad. Because it's George, I'm not sure how to tell my family, or even if I should. I mean, you know my mom. She's finally dating again and if I throw this at her now she'll just fall apart. Oh, I can't tell anyone at work. Lawrence finally gave me a huge assignment. And he'll just... he'll replace me with someone who doesn't have leukemia. Dominic and I just started dating. What am I gonna say? "Happy second date... I have cancer"? I mean, Beth, literally the only person in my life who can handle this is you. Oh, don't cry. No. (Crying) Dude, this is really sad. You have cancer? Oh my God. Oh my God. You can't die. Please, you can't... Shh. Hey, are you guys okay? Yeah. She just, um... misses Australia. Okay. Hey, sweetie. Where have you been all morning? With Beth. And before that I went to say happy birthday to dad. You know your dad would be so proud to see both of you, making your mark as a reporter and Brenna's really starting to flourish. Are you guys talking to me? I was just saying I admire you, honey. What's wrong, Bren? Didn't sleep well? My head is exploding. (Dishes clatter loudly) Mom, could you not, like, slam that? (Cellphone vibrates) Who's that? Ben... (Chuckles) texted me. That's really sweet. What's really sweet? Ben sent me a message. Why doesn't he use capital letters? That's how people text. No, that's how people write ransom notes. All right, mom. Let's get you to your bridge game. All set with my cinnamon rolls, fresh out of the oven. Mm. Bye. Bye, girls. Bye. (Door closes) I have an emergency. I can't find my phone. I have to go back to the house where the party was and find it. Can you drive me? I can't. I have to go to work. Well, drive me on the way. I'll take the "T" home from downtown. I have an appointment on the way. Come on, April, I know I owe you for saving my ass last night, but please just do this one thing for me. What happened last night anyway? Nothing. Brenna, come on, you can tell me. Tell me why you can't take me to get my phone. Seriously, that phone has like my whole life on it. Can you please just take half an hour? No! I have to be somewhere. I don't get to just sit around on Saturdays and be hung-over. (Piano music playing) (Exhales deeply) ♪ All the sights ♪ 
♪ were there to see ♪ 
♪ a house on fire ♪ 
♪ we tried to keep it clean ♪ 
♪ held you tight ♪ 
♪ just like a child ♪ 
♪ you fell from my arms ♪ 
♪ born to be wise... ♪ George : So, leukemia occurs when the bone marrow starts producing abnormal white blood cells. And... and... well, here. These jelly beans represent three types of blood cells that your bone marrow produces every day. As you can see, the vast majority of them are red. The others are platelets and white blood cells. You with me, April? Sorry. Yes, blood cells. Okay, great. The function of the platelets, for example, have to help the blood to clot. And the white blood cells fight infection. But with leukemia, um... Your bone marrow starts overproducing immature white blood cells. And it's these defective cells which can't fight the infection because they're being produced by the cancer. So... We should do a bone-marrow biopsy as soon as possible. We'll be able to formulate your treatment plan for chemotherapy. Can I come in after work? Well, actually, you're gonna have to be admitted to the hospital, where you'll receive chemo for several days. And after which there'll be transfusions. As well as you'll be under some observation, just in case of side effects. Do I really need to start this entire process right now? I mean, I feel fine. I didn't even know I was sick three days ago. What if I hadn't gone to the blood drive? I may not have found out about this for months. Thank God you did, right? This is just really bad timing. I know, I know. It's never a good time to get that kind of news. Or to be the one giving it. I mean, I don't have to tell you that. I can't imagine how difficult it must have been to tell Sara and Brenna. All right, well, we need to schedule a bone-marrow biopsy as soon as possible. And I know it's the weekend, but if I were you I'd speak to my boss sooner rather than later, 'kay? I'm going to the office today. (Phones ringing) (Elevator dings) Lawrence, is there a good time today that we can talk? You're talking to me right now. Um, it's kinda private. Then tell me later. (Mouths) I have good news for you. Bruce Hendrie's announcing his candidacy for governor on Monday. Gonna need your profile sooner than we thought. Okay. This is Raquel. She's our new senior political writer. She'll be helping you on the Hendrie piece. Raquel, this is April. She's young, ambitious and incredibly annoying. Just like you were when you interned for me at ABC News. So you're an intern? We call 'em floaters here. That's just cruel, Lawrence. April's actually a newly-minted staffer. Oh, congrats. So someone else will have to get Lawrence's scrambled egg whites every morning? Extra-dry. Great. You've bonded. Now get to work. Brenna, come here. I have homework. Oh, come on. I'm trying out my new Moroccan cookbook. Let me know if this is too greasy. Lamb can be such a fatty meat. I can't. (Sighs) Oh. Yes. Hey, would you please text April and see if she's coming home for dinner? My phone's upstairs. That's it! I knew there was something different. You're making eye contact. I'm so used to looking at the top of your head. You're always looking down at that screen. To what do I owe this honor? Maybe I just wanna spend time with you. Well, I won't argue with that. (Cellphone ringing) How are you calling me? What do you mean? Hello? Who is this? Kieran who? Did you leave your phone at the soup kitchen last night? At a party in Charlestown? (Sighs) Um, yeah no, uh... Where do you work? Okay, no, she's coming right now to get it. Thank you. I don't know anyone... Please, don't lie to me, Brenna. I'm done with the lies. Were you at a party last night? Yeah. (Sharply sighs) You know what? I don't have time for this. I've got a patient in half an hour. Here, take the orange line to Back Bay. Get your phone. Come straight home. I can't believe you won all these. I feel like such a nerd. Journalism's all I ever wanted to do. Me too. All the more reason I'm excited to work together. And when I say together, I mean that. I may technically be your superior, but we work for the same paper. We're on the same team. Don't worry. I'm not one of those girls that gets all competitive with other girls. Ugh, I hate those girls. Yeah, me too. We're so much better than them. (Laughs) So can I give you my two cents on this Hendrie profile? Yeah, please. Shoot. Lawrence was telling me how you scored an exclusive with Richie Miranda the other day. And I'm guessing it involved some super-daring, possibly illegal activity? No comment. Good girl. Patience has never been one of my virtues either. But on the campaign trail, it's not about one story. It's about getting the candidate to trust you all the way till election day. So you really wanna learn everything you can about this guy. Take a little time and become an expert on all things Bruce Hendrie. You're gonna nail this. And speaking of nails... They didn't give me enough for these. Excuse me for a second. I heard she speaks five languages. (Sighs) (Exhales) She is amazing. I have a total professional crush on her. I have a totally unprofessional crush on her. (Chuckles) Get this... Bruce Hendrie donated an entire building to the new children's museum, yet sent his only son to boarding school in Switzerland. Hmm, I thought only North Korean dictators did that. Yeah. Check out the son. People always ask what it's like to be Bruce Hendrie's son, but he's just dad to me. I mean, he's like straight out of a J.Crew catalogue. I think there are actually whales on his belt. They're turtles. Danny, do you have that belt? I have work to do. (Mouths) (Elevator dings) Oh, hey. You going to lunch? No, I gotta keep working on my profile. Wait, sorry. What'd you say? My profile on Bruce Hendrie. I'm researching... No, I still can't hear you. You may have to come in here and tell me. The acoustics are better. (Indie rock music playing) ♪ Wild, high, late night shift... ♪ You really should stop distracting me at work. Please, I'm inspiring you. How's the profile going? Still doing my research. Apparently this guy just loves tearing down historical landmarks to build malls. (Valley girl accent) Oh my God, like, I love the mall! (Normal voice) Hey, do you like lasagna? Oh, you don't have to get me anything. I'm just gonna get like five bags of chips from the vending machine. I meant for dinner tonight. Come over, I'll cook for you. I... I have, like, so much research to do tonight. I really don't wanna keep... Can't hear you again. See you tonight. (Electronic music playing) (Door closes) ♪ When I heard your voice... ♪ Are you Kieran? Yeah. Can I have my phone? Nice to meet you too. Uh, phone's over here. Hey, thanks for telling my mom I was at a party last night. (Laughs) That was your mom? It's not funny. Oh, come on. How am I supposed to know you live with your mom? I don't know anything about you, except for that your home screen's a picture of Biggie and you love taking selfies. Well, what's on your phone? Pictures of people mutilating themselves? These? Yeah, I consider this art, not torture. Personally, I think torture is hanging out with douchebags like Sean Kavanagh. I don't hang out with Sean. Girl, your photos don't lie. How do you know Sean anyway? He's friends with my brother, who unfortunately hangs out with idiots. But maybe you're into it. Or, I mean, you were into it last night. Whatever you heard probably isn't true. Oh, I just meant 'cause Sean was there. Oh, now I have to know what happened at that party. Uh, we're having an art show tomorrow, if you feel like hitting that up. Should be pretty chill. Local artists, half-priced tattoos. Why are you inviting me? Peace offering. I got you in trouble. There's a heart in here, you know? It may be covered in a Nietzsche quote, but it's in there. You just want me to know that you have a Nietzsche tattoo. Tell your mom "what up?" Hey, do you think I need to wear a tank top under this? 'Cause if I don't, it's kinda like... "Hi, this is my bra." But, I mean, maybe that's okay. He's gonna see my bra eventually, right? Look, if you're gonna hook up with Dominic, just make sure he doesn't have a cold or anything, okay? 'Cause your immune system is really compromised right now. He's not sick. Hey, can I wear these boots with the dress or is that too 1998? (Breathes deeply) Are you okay? Yeah. I just stood up too fast. It's not a... not a cancer thing. No, it might be. Just hold on, hold on. Okay, here we go. "Lightheadedness and loss of balance can be a result of anemia. A lot of people with leukemia become anemic." That was fast. Yeah, I got this app called "cancer answers." So what happened with Mike? Did you talk to him after you guys hooked up? Do you know what Dominic's cooking tonight? Have you heard of this neutropenic diet? (Clicks tongue) I'm gonna go do my makeup. I'll explain it when you get back. Brenna : Hey, mom, I got my phone. Hey, you remember my friend Julie? Um... Wow. Look at you, Brenna. Oh, it's been too long. I've been thinking about what happened. I keep setting limits, you keep pushing back. And you know what? I'm the parent. If I wanna stop that cycle, it starts with me. Mom. So, you're not grounded. Really? But I want you to get a job. What? I think it would be so good for you. And Julie is looking for part-time help at her store. You remember that little gift shop in Copley Place where I used to take you to buy those little glass animals? Tender memories? Tender moments. Like when I was 12? Brenna had the most adorable charm bracelet from your store... Mom, why are we talking about this? We've just all gotten a little off-track since... You know, the loss. It just... My mom loves to blame everything I do on my dad, but really it has nothing to do with him. She's the one who doesn't even know who I am anymore. How's that for a tender moment? April Carver's a 24-year-old woman with leukemia. C.B.C. shows white blood cell count of 16, hemoglobin of 8.5, platelets of 20. Bone-marrow biopsy is scheduled for next week to determine leukemia subtype. Prognosis is uncertain. (Beeps) I love your place. You've been here for five seconds. Well, maybe I just like being alone with you. Mmm. Yo. I thought you had a date tonight. Yeah, I did too. Until Tanya texted me when I was already at the restaurant that she didn't wanna see me anymore. So I tried to make the best of it and got some curry to go, you know. But of course, since it's me and my life sucks, they put cashews in it, which is not in the description I might add. And oh, guess what I'm allergic to? They're gonna be real sorry when they read this review though. One star outta five. April, this is my roommate, Graham. Hi. I'm sorry about... It's just amazing timing, you know? The day after I get her flowers. And now I'm getting text messages every hour from some flower-delivery app I'm never gonna use again. Even though I specifically clicked that box that said "no, do not send me information about special promotions." I'm gonna write a review on the flower place after this. You want a drink? Help yourself to anything in the fridge. Eh eh eh eh! Don't touch that. Oh, yeah, sorry. Don't drink the beer in the blue bottle. It's not just a beer, all right? It's a homemade microbrew with notes of barley and coconut that took me a week to make. And counting, actually. I'm sorry. It's fine. Just thank God you didn't open it. Otherwise I'd really be on suicide watch. Wanna go upstairs? Yeah. "How best to describe the panang curry? Chockfull of allergens, for one." (Rock music playing) That was amazing. Seriously, just tell me where you bought it. It's fine. I'm glad you like it. (Chuckles) It's my mom's recipe. Why am I talking about my mom on a date? It's cool. You talked about my uncle on our last date. I have a unique way of flirting. (Chuckles) Are you ever gonna tell me why you hate him, by the way? I don't hate George. It's just... it's complicated. I know I work for the arts section, but I can probably follow a complex story. Okay. So, you know about my dad and the car accident? George was driving. Whoa. Yeah. They were in Florida. My dad had a house there he used as a writing retreat. But it was an accident, right? Yeah no, I know. And I know he felt terrible about it, but he just sorta... Checked out after it happened. He didn't even come to the funeral. He went to Moldova for some Doctors Without Borders thing, and was gone for like six months. I just... I don't get how he could do that when we needed him here. Anyway, that's why I moved home after college to be here for my mom and sister. I'm kinda like the man of the house now. I can see that. Cool, so you think I'm manly. No. You're stable, you're solid. None of these are sexy adjectives. (Laughs) Please. I just mean that I like that there's no drama with you. I mean, I have some drama. Not compared to a few girls I've dated. I know some guys love that whole damsel-in-distress thing, but I don't. Can we open that? 
 
 (Birds chirping) Hey. You feeling okay? Uh... Yeah. Yeah? You just stay in here, you sleep as long as you need to, okay? I'm sure you need all the rest you can get in your condition. (Pats bed twice) My condition? Yeah. Do you remember anything about last night? I know we were drinking a lot, but... Did I say anything weird? Nah, not weird, but yeah, it was pretty intense. Just take it easy, all right? I'll be in the other room when you're ready to go. (Groans) Beth: Hello? Beth, I'm freaking out. Are you bleeding? No. Bruising? No. Shortness of breath. Uh, no. I got... I got wasted last night and I think I told Dominic I have cancer. No, wait, did you guys have s*x? I don't think so. (Exhales) What if we had s*x and I told him I had cancer? Oh my... Don't freak yourself out, okay? 'Cause you'll just elevate your heart rate and then you'll feel more fatigued when you... You know what? Forget it. I gotta go. He's gonna hear me. (Exhales) Emma : I heard what happened last night. Did you hear mom's making me get a job? I'd rather be grounded. That would be so great. If I were grounded? Yeah. I could use a buddy around here. There's always so much work to do around the house. And as you know, I'm not exactly the homemaker type. But, uh, we could have fun too. You know I caught Pearl cheating at our last bridge game. I'd love to replace her. We meet every afternoon 3:00 to 5:00. Are you messing with me? Yes. Do you know why? Because my mom asked you to. No, actually your mom asked me not to. But I do what I want because I'm the mom. And she's your mom. And even though I know her approach can be annoying sometimes, she trying to do the right thing. So just... Try to cut her some slack. Ahem. Hey. I made coffee. But I don't know... can you have that? What do you mean? It might just make you more sick. You think? You tell me. Okay, what are you talking about? I know that when I'm hung-over it's the first thing I want. But technically coffee dehydrates you, so... You're talking about my hangover. Uh, yeah. What'd you think? Who says alcohol doesn't kill brain cells? Shut up. Thank you, thank you, thank you. Dominic : Mmm. Ohh. It is a good thing that I got dumped last night. Otherwise there'd be a whole lot of people in this apartment right now. And no more coffee. Of course. Hey, how you holding up? Yeah, I'm hung-over. It's a weekend. I'm allowed. Actually I didn't even notice. But now that you mention it, you do look a little rough today. So what did you mean, how am I holding up? After getting pulled off the Bruce Hendrie assignment? I didn't get pulled off anything. Oh, I... I just assumed. I overheard Tasha confirming Raquel's interview with Bruce Hendrie at his office this morning. Wait. Did you not know? She's trying to sabotage me. Whoa. She's ruthless. God, that... that makes her even hotter. Raquel. Oh. Hey, April. Really? You're really gonna pretend like you're not trying to steal my interview right now? I'm not stealing anything. I'm your supervisor on this story and I decided that you're not ready for this level of responsibility. You just met me. How would you know if I'm ready? If you were ready, you would have made this appointment yourself. Yesterday. Before I got to it. You're the one that told me... Look, April, this isn't personal. It's a tough business. No one's gonna watch your back. (Coughing) (Panting) Might wanna consider a gym membership. (Breathing heavily) (Motorcycle approaching) Watch it! Oh! Oh my God! Are you okay? (Groans) In spite of you? You're seriously blaming me? You're the one doing extreme sports in a parking lot. You're Leo Hendrie. (Scoffs) One of my dad's new interns? You guys hooking up? Can I call you "mom"? Do you know that you're bleeding? Oh, I do now. Thanks. Um, you can't just leave. You damaged that car. Aww, you're such a good person. (Radio playing softly) I'll be done in a second. Okay. Not literally a second. Can you just come back? Wait. What's wrong? (Deeply sighs) I had a crappy day at work. This new girl Raquel is, like, out to get me. Can you tell on her? I don't think my boss would even care. Reporters steal stories all the time. It's like part of the job. But it's still embarrassing. It's not as embarrassing as thinking that you're going to a party with a guy that you like, and then realize that he's trying to set you up with his gross friend. That's what happened? Yeah. And I didn't want them to think that I was some stuck-up private-school girl, so I started hooking up with him... Did you have s*x? I'm not judging you. I just... I'm sorry. No. Probably would have if I didn't... Puke on him first. No. (Laughs) It's not funny. It's a little funny. Well, luckily they don't go to my school so I never have to see them again. Where are you going anyway? Mom's making me get a job, so I'm gonna go pick up some applications. I'll let you get ready. 'Kay. Wait, Ape. You're not really gonna let Raquel win, are you? Who do you think you're talking to? (Hip-hop music playing) Girl : You have to work at that doll store. Seriously, how creepy would it be if you worked at a doll store? I will fill out that application for you. That's how much I want you to work there. Thanks for job-hunting with me. Please. It was fun. Besides, you already made it up to me by bringing me here. These guys are totally my type. Especially that one over there. He looks like he had a bad childhood. I don't think that guy remembers it. He's like 40. Oh, Kieran. This is my friend Ford. Ford. That's a cool name. Thanks. It was my mom's. She goes by her mom's maiden name. It's the least I could do after she gave it up for a man. So then you gave up your name for your mom's? Hey, Sean. Look who it is. This girl has an amazing party trick, dude. As soon as you take off your pants, she projectile vomits all over you. Brenna, Brenna, Brenn... Whatever. Don't talk to me. Yeah, she doesn't need to be slut-shamed by you. Not that you're a slut. Honestly, I did not know that they were coming. Like I said, Sean is friends with my brother. I wouldn't have invited you if I knew that he was bringing them. Here here, I need your help with something. They both want this design on their backs. Chinese characters, really? Original. I know. I thought they can do better, so I figured I'd take some artistic license and give them this instead. (Brenna chuckling) "I am slow." Are you really gonna do that? Why not? I don't know. Can't you get fired? Yeah, maybe I'd worry about that if I thought they were smart enough to figure it out, but I think the secret's safe with us. (Laughs) Hey. ♪ Oh, oh-oh ♪ Hey, grandma. Hey, mom. Hey. Have a seat, kiddo, and help me make a word out of these crappy letters. That's okay, grandma. I'm not really in a board-game mood. I, um... I got a job. It's just three times a week from 4:00 to 8:00 answering phones, but that counts, right? Where? It's basically an art gallery. "Basically"? Yeah, they do, like, different types of art. Like visual art. Here, met me show you their website. Just don't get freaked out... A tattoo parlor?! Mom, no, it's not. "Best of Boston: Tattoos and body art." (Huffs) Brenna, this is not the kind of job I had in mind, and you know it. Yeah, I know you'd say that. Then why did you do it? You know what? Never mind. I'll just quit before my first day. Cool. (Sighs) She did do what you asked. She's purposely testing me. Maybe that's just who she is. (Sighs) Okay, mom, time's up. Really, do you have a word? I have a few words. Oh. I'm keeping them to myself. Lawrence: Yeah. (Phones ringing) Oh, yeah. That was actually  that last time I was in New York. Lawrence, do you have a second? You'd save so much time if you just started talking. Sorry. Okay, as you know, I was supposed to do that profile on Bruce Hendrie. And I'm so glad Raquel took over that initial interview to warm him up. Now I can dig into the more personal sides of the campaign. I have a pitch for my first piece. Bruce's son Leo. I met him outside of Bruce's office yesterday, and he was not what I thought based on all the official photos. So I did a little research. And I guess he's been living in Paris for the last five years. And he was arrested at an airport in Switzerland last fall for trying to smuggle pot through security, but they let him go, which I'm assuming isn't unrelated to the donation Bruce recently made to the Zurich airport, but I'll find out for sure. I feel like if keep digging there's a really great story here. You've done your homework. Yeah. Raquel really stressed the value of research. But unfortunately Bruce's son is off-limits. Why? We print plenty of stories about candidates' families. It's not that he's family. It's Leo Hendrie specifically. Trust me, we can't go there. It crosses a line. I should run. I have to meet with my copy editor about the Hendrie interview. I'll make sure that I don't say anything about his son, since that crosses a line. Thanks. Don't let the fact that I've nixed your last two story pitches make you stop taking risks around here. I know you're anxious to get your name in the paper, but you're only, what, 12 years old? 24. Exactly. And you're ahead of the game. You'll get that byline soon. - Question. Uh, this is just, um... Dominic and I... I don't care what's going on with you guys. If you wanna hook up with someone whose biggest scoop is the impact of skrillex on society, go for it. What I wanna know is... Who's Natalie Ortiz? I don't know. Who is she? Some girl whose car you took a picture of. Why? That was in my desk. Yep, and now it's not. Natalie Ortiz rented this car two days ago at Logan and returned it today. And in case you're wondering, she did not choose to upgrade her liability insurance. Now tell me what story you're trying to break about her. That's not for work. Don't lie. Seriously, who is she? (Rock music playing) ♪ Pentecostal preacher ♪ 
♪ in a backyard barn ♪ 
♪ daddy's drinking whiskey from a Mason jar ♪ Hey. Can we talk? Do I have a choice? First of all, you don't have to quit your new job. Really? But if you come home with even one little tattoo... No, I won't. I'm only the receptionist. (Sighs) So, I thought a lot about what happened the other day, what you said about me not being there for you. I was just mad. No, it's okay. I mean, I want you to feel like you can be honest with me. If I expect you to tell me the truth, I need to be able to hear it. You don't feel like I've been as present for you since your dad died. Fair. I'll work on that. What else? Why do we always have to talk about everything? Because that's my thing. Okay, well... Sometimes I feel like I'm not turning out how you want me to be. Like, you keep talking about all these things that we used to do when I was younger, like you want me to go back to that, but I'm older now. I know that. I know. And I don't want you to be someone you're not. I guess... I bring up the past because I miss... How much you used to wanna be around me. Like when I'd take you to buy those little glass animals and we'd go out for a hot pretzel afterwards. I miss... Having that time with my little girl. I know you're older now and you've got your own life now. Look at you, you're working in a tattoo parlor. (Both chuckle) Can you stop calling it a tattoo parlor? Honey, I'm letting you work there. I'm gonna call it whatever I want. I've been the worst friend ever. What are you talking about? You know what I'm talking about. Ever since you told me, I've been acting really weird. I mean, I feel really weird, so I must be acting really weird. I am, right? Kinda, yeah. I'm sorry. I just... I've never had to deal with anything like this before. And I... I have no idea how to make this easier for you. I don't know. I mean, just because I have cancer doesn't mean I'm some cancer expert now. I don't know what I need. Oh, who cares what he thinks? Hey, dude, I ordered us coffee like 10 minutes ago, so can we speed it up here? My friend has cancer. Oh my God. (Laughs) I can't believe I just said that. I'm so... I'm sorry. Oh my God. No, this is good! This is what I need. Keep me laughing. Make cancer jokes. If I can't laugh about this with someone, I'm not gonna make it. Okay. So keep being inappropriate and insensitive. Check. And keep talking about your life. So keep telling you about my stupid drama and bad decisions... check. I just don't want everything to be all about me having cancer now, you know? Well, uh... You know, since your life depends on it... You slept with Mike again, didn't you? I know. Why do I keep doing that? I hate him. Because you have no self-control. Well, you have no white blood cells. (Laughing) (Both laughing) You see? See? I can handle this. Okay? I can handle anything. Wait till I tell you about the random girl I met at my dad's grave who says she's my sister. (P.A. announcement) Well, blood counts are still stable. Good. It's great. So what'd your boss say about it? I couldn't tell him. You know, you can't get fired for being sick. No, I know. But I'll get replaced. I just got a promotion and I'll lose it if I have to leave. This isn't just a job to me and I don't wanna give it up until I absolutely have to. You of all people should understand putting work first. So the biopsy might have to wait a few days. April, you have cancer. Stop thinking about things in the short-term. Because, believe me, if you don't, there may not be a long-term. I'm not gonna die, George. And I don't want to compromise the life I have while I fight this. How's your mother okay with this mindset? I haven't told her yet. She couldn't handle this right now. Okay, so you're putting your life in danger to protect your family and your job? I'm not gonna let you do that. I'm calling Sara. You can't do that. Doctor-patient confidentiality. You can't just tell someone I'm sick without my consent. Hey, I'm not your doctor. What if you were? You're the best oncologist in the state, and I know you see patients outside this hospital sometimes. I... (sighs) I don't know. I don't know. Please, George. I need you. I'm gonna give you some time to think about it. No, wait. I'll help you. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 