Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x16 - The Big Leagues - Chasing Life 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x16 - The Big Leagues https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=134&t=16566 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/17/15 08:01 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x16 - The Big Leagues 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Chasing Life... " 
 (Reporters clamor) 
 I'm dying and the only cure is an interview with you. 
 (Chuckles) 
 You reporters are crazy, you know that? 
 I don't think she's drunk. Did you put something in her drink? 
 You think I drugged her? 
 This is exactly what we were concerned about  when we decided the girls should stop seeing each other. 
 Don't you have class? 
 I don't feel like going. 
 Now that I'm not dead, I have no idea what I'm gonna do with the rest of my life. 
 You want a sad cancer story? 
 Either you deliver the story I ask for or you go back to research duty. 
 (Phones ring) 
 (Chattering) Hey, I'm Julian. Hi, Julian. I'm Ap... April Carver. I've seen you at the North End support group a couple times. You, obviously, haven't noticed me. I won't take offense. And, uh, I've read some of your articles for the Post. That's an interesting perspective. Wow, thank you. That means a lot. So, uh... can I take you out sometime? Uh... sorry. That's really sweet, but I'm sort of dating someone. Okay, I got it. I can't say I'm surprised. (Chuckles) So you're in for leukemia, right? Yeah. You? Uh, nut cancer. Yeah, kids can get it too. Oh my God, I'm so sorry. That's... Humiliating? Yeah, I... I know. Nurse :  April Carver? Sara :  Oh, I'm sorry I'm late. I lost my keys. That's okay, they just called me. Your mom comes to your checkups? Yeah, doesn't yours? (Scoffs) No. (Sighs) Still cancer free. (Both laugh) Whew! Two whole months since chemo and it hasn't come back. It's got to mean something, right? It means we're still in remission. (Sighs) Okay, let's get out of here. Yeah, you're boring me with these stable blood counts. Give me some real work to do. Oh, actually, Dr. Hamburg, can I ask you a question? Um, privately? Oh, uh, I'll be outside. Well, I just didn't want to ask you this in front of my mom. Because it's about s*x. How did you know that? I've been doing this a while. What's up? Um, well... Leo and I haven't really done it since before treatment. So... Well, studies show that chemo and comas can do that to a couple. (Chuckles) Well, now we want to, so I guess I was just wondering if there's anything I need to know about. Like I know I had fertility treatments, because chemo makes people infertile, but does that meant that... Just some people. I would still use protection. Of course, but other than that, any medical risks I need to know about? Well, this far out of chemo the only risk would be a loss of s*x drive. But if you're telling me you got your groove back, then I say, "go for it." Great, thank you. What was that about? Oh, I was just asking how it's going with the new guy she's dating. Isn't Dr. Hamburg married? Yeah. (Gasps) Is she cheating on her husband? Yeah. (Exhales) She's like the heartbreaker of Mass Medical. This place is totally "Grey's Anatomy." (Sighs, clicks tongue)  (Theme music playing)  ♪ You bet your soul, honey ♪ 
♪ you bet your soul ♪ 
♪ just right ♪ 
♪ you could stay all night and never wanna go home ♪ 
♪ 'cause we can't stop ♪ It's like the second she said I was still in remission, she flipped a switch. I have so much energy. I want to kick ass at work. And did I tell you she said I can have s*x? Yes, it's the first thing you told me last night... And today. Sorry. It's just ever since Leo and I got out of the hospital, we haven't had any privacy. He's got that live-in nurse and my family's always around. It's just now that I know it's okay, I am like, "bring it on!" Okay, well, good, 'cause I brought you these condoms. Morgan left them at the apartment when she moved. Dude. Yeah, she loves Costco. Why can't you use them? Hmm, Graham's allergic to latex. Oh, how delicate. What do you guys use, flower petals? Silk scarves? Uh, I hate you. (Chuckles) Here. You're welcome, by the way. That's not gonna fit. (Snickers, laughing) Sorry. Insert s*x joke here. (Laughing) Insert! Wow, yeah, you're out of control. All right. All right. (Laughing harder) It's really hard to get these in here. "Hard!" Ford : Okay, new game. Let's start with... Sneaker-wedge girl. I'd rather look like me. Yeah, me. What about hippie girl? Me. Her. You want to look like you don't bathe? She's still really pretty. Ooh, purple hair, she must be new. I'd rather look like her. You can't even see her face. Yeah, but I can already tell that she's a badass. (Chuckles) Oh. Okay, wait. So is this for, like, a tennis match? 'Cause, like, purple's like our school color? Our school colors are maroon and grey. Oh. I just felt like a change. Are your parents freaking out? They've been out of town. I figure if they're gonna be out of my life this much, then they don't really get a say. (Bell rings) (Panicked) Morning. (Phone ringing) Cool ring tone. Now answer it. There's no service in here. But it's ringing. You know what I mean. If I pick it up, we're just gonna get cut off. If you're not answering 'cause it's Leo, this only makes it weirder. I don't know who's calling. (Ringing continues) What if it's an emergency? What if your identity was stolen? What if your whole family was abducted by kidnappers who gave them one phone call before they were all buried alive and they picked you, but you didn't even answer your phone? (Elevator dings) Your whole family's dead. My tacos! How long was the line at the truck, Joshy? Oh, like, two hours. That's crazy. Where's my change? I didn't get any change. Okay, okay. Um, he you go. Here you go. I'll forgive your debt if you do 20 pushups without stopping. And not girl pushups. Go. This isn't a fitness center. Uh... uh... I know, but he... No, your knee touched the ground. Start over. This isn't how we use our interns. Hey, go make some copies or something. Okay. By the way, I'm getting scoop on Richie Miranda. Yeah, his contract's up soon. I'm hearing trade rumors. What's your in? Richie's best friend owns the Newbury House. It's a new-members club. It's having a grand opening tomorrow night. And I know Richie's gonna be there to help his buddy out. So... I know... sorry. I know Richie Miranda. He's given me scoop before. I was actually his first interview out of rehab, so I'm sure he'd remember me. I could talk to him. But he's sports, and you're cancer. Aaron, I'm not like "cancer girl." Well, you're not "sports girl." No, but I am a good journalist. And I'd be a real asset to the story. Okay, okay. Doesn't matter. It's up to Carey if he wants your help. Carey, do you want April to help? Nope. Can you make a fresh pot? So, um, my mom is taking Brenna to the movies tonight. I'm sorry, is that code for something? Yeah, it means they won't be home and grandma's at her high school reunion, so we'll be alone. We should take advantage. Ooh, yeah, we should. Just to be clear, we're talking about prank phone calls and raiding the fridge, stuff like that, right? Hm-mmm. Hey, that's the kid from the hospital, the one who asked me out. April :  Hey, Julian. Hi. You didn't tell me he was your boyfriend. Oh, don't worry. He's still in P.T. Way too weak to kick your ass. Oh, honey, you say the sweetest things. It's okay. See, I've moved on. She's just one of the many girls I've asked out lately. When I got diagnosed, I didn't want to have any regrets, so I made a rule. Every time I see a girl that I think is cute, I'll ask her out. Seven girls so far. Have any said "yes"? No. But, uh, you know what might help? If I was featured in your cancer column. April :  Uh... You want me to write a story about you? Well, could you? I mean, girls would definitely start saying yes. I'll run it by my boss. Okay, uh, oh, if you think it'll help, I'll text you a picture of me during chemo. The bald head goes a long way. Hm. I know you guys already ate, but this curry is so good. Yeah! Yeah, we are gonna try it. I can't stop eating it. It's good. You should... You guys should probably go to your movie. The movie doesn't start till 8:10. Yeah, but the showcase has been so crowded lately. I want to make sure you guys get to sit together, so I will get the dishwasher. Really? You go. Yeah. Okay. My phone... Oh, you don't need it. You can't talk in the movies, anyways. That's true, okay. Bye. Bye. Are you on steroids? Yeah, actually I am. Okay, well, I was trying to make a joke about you being hyper. We don't have time for this. Come on. All right. Whoa! Oh, oh, oh. Okay. Oh, we playing doctor now? Actually, we both had cancer. That's not really funny. We shouldn't joke about that. Let's do it. How many times? You tell me. Okay. Oh. (Whispering) This is ridiculous. I feel like I'm back in high school. Doesn't your mom assume that we're sleeping together? You're 24. (Whispering) Well, she does. That's actually the problem. She's a therapist. She's way too comfortable talking about s*x. (Creaking) It's just really awkward to talk about that with your mom, you know? Come on, come on, come on. (Stairs creak) Sara : Honey, is that you? (Approaching footsteps) Oh, Leo, hi. Yeah, uh... We just fell asleep last night. We were listening to music in my room and it got really late. And we woke up this morning, and we're like, "wow, it's morning." (Nervous chuckle) That doesn't have to be what happened. You two want some breakfast? My morning patient rescheduled. Um, I have to get to work. So... Leo, you want some coffee at least? (Exhales) I got nowhere to be. So sure, yeah. Just let me get this stuff in the dishwasher. Someone told me she was gonna take care of it... Yeah, sorry. I forgot. We were just, um... Listening to music, I know. (Dishes clinking) (Door opens, closes) Leo : I shouldn't have taken that job, anyway. You know, it's not like I have some great talent for baking. (Sighs) Or anything else that I know of. So you're still feeling impotent? I mean... In a helpless sense of the word. Right, yeah. Well, it sounds to me like you're allowing this whole job thing to define your self-worth. You survived a life-threatening illness. And April told me about what you did helping those kids live out their last wishes. I mean, do you realize how remarkable that is? Yeah, but I couldn't have done any of that without my dad's money. That's the thing. Everyone sees me as Bruce Hendrie's son or Bruce Hendrie's son with a brain tumor. Well then, that's your challenge, showing people who you are. When we exercise, our bodies release... endorphins that can have a significant impact on our emotional well-being. (Students mutter, laugh) Take my wife Carol... Greer, is there a reason you missed half the class? Yeah. You want to share that reason with me? Not really. Teacher : Then I'll see you after school  for detention. (Chair scrapes loudly) Where're you going? Getting some exercise. (Whispers, laughs) No tacos today? Aaron banned me from the interns. Bummer. Yeah. So, hey, I know you're totally fine getting this Richie piece on your own... Yup. But my offer still stands if you want to join forces. Or maybe we could even make a little challenge out of it. Whoever gets the scoop on whether he's getting traded to another team, wins. Wins what? Oh, I don't know. Vietnamese tacos hand-delivered by the loser every day for a week. Mmm. See you and Richie at the club? If you can get yourself in. It's members only. Don't underestimate me. I already am. Game on. Woman : I'm a long-time customer of that dry cleaner  and that was a Gucci blouse. I would know if there was a stain on it before I brought it in. Well, sometimes we focus on material things when we're actually responding to a bigger  problematic situation in our lives. Let's try to go a little deeper. (Knocking) Uh, sorry. Oh, just one minute. I'm in the middle of a session. I get one parking space for my clients... That was on the lease I signed when I moved in to this office building two weeks ago... And right now, there is a range rover parked in my spot. Sara : Blair, did you park in a spot marked "immigration law client"? I can't remember. It won't happen again. Please don't interrupt my sessions. Then don't give me a reason to. Okay? If we're gonna share this office, I need some respect, too. Okay, if we're talking about respect, would you please ask your clients not to stand outside my door and talk. It's very distracting. Well, they stand there because there's only two chairs in our waiting room. And there are more than two people trying to gain citizenship to this country, but, yeah, sure, I'll tell them to keep it down. I mean, you need to focus while you're advising your clients on whether to serve red or green grapes at their next yacht party. Sorry. (Sighs) Where were we? My shirt. Right. (Cellphone rings, beeps) Hello? Julian : Amy Snow said yes to Homecoming. I'm sorry? Amy Snow. She said yes to me. This is Julian, by the way. I'm assuming Amy Snow is a girl at your school. Yeah, a junior girl. It's basically unheard of for a junior girl to go out with a freshman. I mean, let alone Amy Snow. She's like the hottest girl I asked out. Uh, hello. Do you think she just said yes because I mentioned my press? By "press," do you mean me? Uh, yeah. Uh... Do you think there's any chance you can interview me tonight while I'm with Amy Snow? You want me to come to the dance?  Please, woman. I mean, I have to impress Amy Snow. Uh... Fine, I'll swing by. And, hey, Julian,  first rule of impressing Amy Snow, stop calling her Amy Snow. Uh, uh, okay. (Sighs) 
 
 (Tattoo gun buzzing) I cannot believe that you just gave a grown man a unicorn tattoo. I have his contact information if you're interested. (Laughs)  (Rock music playing) This place is not what I pictured. Hey. Don't you have detention? What are they gonna do, give me more detention? Okay, now you're just becoming my idol. I'm going out of town, anyway. My parents decided to stay in New York for a couple more days, so I think I'm gonna go hang out at our house on Nantucket for the night. You guys want to come? Um... Aren't we banned from seeing each other? So tell your mom you're staying at Ford's house. Come on, Nantucket's awesome. We can go bike riding, hang out at the wharf. Greer :  Whatever. I love wharfs. Wh... wharves? I've never been to Nantucket. I mean, like, obviously. Look at me. Well, we're pretty dead. Can't we just close up for the day? Yeah, I just have to do some inventory. There's a ferry at 7:00. I can wait. I can't. I'm gonna start looking at pictures of lobsters online. (Jackhammer rumbles) (Men chatter) Dad. Leo. You check out the site? Yeah. Like I always say, got to put your footprint down on your little corner of the globe. I don't really know if "global footprint" is considered a flattering phrase these days, but... Um, listen, I, uh... I got a lot of bills to pay and I noticed that, um, you haven't transferred the money for this month into my account yet. Hmm. So I was just... Let me call my business manager. He's probably on vacation. Stay here. (Dialing) Hey, Leo. Eli Shapiro. We went to Junior High together. Hey, Eli, yeah. Um, well, what are you interning for my dad? Eli is actually my head architect on this project. Snatched him right out of Princeton Architecture. And when he's done here, he's going to South Korea to help design the dome for the 2018 Winter Olympics. Yeah, I figure it's the closest I'm ever gonna get to being an athlete. (Bruce laughs, snorts) (Forced laughs) Well, anyway, the money will be in your account by tomorrow. Oh, okay, yeah, thanks. Yeah, it's a tough one. I mean, you can't really wear the same dress to a high school dance and then a hot club. Hmm, I know. If I dress too sexy for the dance, I'll just look like the chaperone who's trying to relive her youth. Yeah, but at the club, you kind of have to slut it up to fit in. Not really, I mean, I'm still a reporter. A reporter who's ready to talk some baseball with Richie Miranda. (Sighs) I still feel really bad, though. I mean, I had to practically beg Leo to get me in. I just... I knew his dad had a membership. Don't worry about it. I'm sure you'll make it up to him after the prom, if you know what I mean. It's homecoming. By the way, do you have any more of those condoms? Wait, you ran out?! No! I'm kidding. Who do you think I am? Natalie's sister. Good point. ♪ Make your intentions clear... ♪ Hey, before we go... What's up? Give me a tattoo. We really don't have ti... She's kidding, Kieran. No, I'm not. I want a tattoo. Actually, if you're under 18, I'm not allowed to... Okay, you don't have to talk to me like that. I didn't mean to talk to you like anything. Whatever, never mind. It's fine. Greer, he wasn't trying to offend you. It's just the law. And you should really think about it. Tattoos are forever. God, I am so over everyone telling me what to do all the time. I'm so over it!  ♪ You remember what to do... ♪ Do it. Okay, I'll do it. Brenna, will you help me grab the books in the back? Here.  ♪ you terrible thing ♪ 
♪ you terrible thing ♪ 
♪ you beautiful thing... ♪ You're not really gonna give her a tattoo, are you? No, are you crazy?! Is she crazy? What's wrong with her? I don't know. She's been acting off at school lately too... Talking back to teachers, cutting class. It's so not like her. I'm starting to think that something might be wrong. I kind of don't want to go to Nantucket anymore. Me neither, so let's just tell her that we're out. Wait, she's gonna be mad.  Great. So then maybe she'll leave and stop acting like a psycho. ♪ You beautiful thing ♪ Greer, we didn't mean it like that. ♪ You beautiful thing ♪  ♪ you terrible thing. ♪ (Sighs) Oh, hi. Can I help you? I'm sorry, I didn't make an appointment. It's just my visa's about to expire and I... Oh, no no no. I don't work with Mr. Gordon. I'm a therapist. We just share a waiting room. I'm sorry. I'm mortified. I'll come back another time. Actually, I don't have another time. That's the whole problem. But it's not your problem. Sorry. Wait, do you need to talk? I don't want to bother you. I already barged into your office. No, really, it's okay. What's going on? (Sighs) Well, my daughter moved here about six months ago. She loves it. She's never moving back to India. And I've been staying with her in her apartment. And last month, I met a man here. He's taken me out a few times and he just proposed. He says when you get to be our age, you can be sure right away. And you're not? (Sighs) But I want to live near my daughter. And this would be so... easy. (Exhales deeply) I have... I have an hour before my next patient. (Chuckles) (Knocks) Greer. Come on, we're not ganging up on you, I swear. (Emotionally) You called me a psycho! Just leave me alone. Sounds like she wants to be left alone. Let's get the hell out of here. Kieran : Ford. (Sighs) All right, fine. Stay. Just if we're not going to Nantucket, I'm out. Just good luck with... that. I'm gonna leave you guys alone. Okay. Greer, it's just us. Kieran went up front. I'm really sorry that we were talking about you behind your back. We're just really worried. You haven't been acting like yourself lately. Or maybe I am finally acting like myself. What do you mean? I never told you this, but I usually take... I take drugs. No, like prescription drugs  for anxiety and depression. My parents have had me on them since I was like seven. And I kept telling them I wanted to see what were to happen if I were to go off of them. (Sniffles) And you know how they are. They just threaten to stop paying for stuff if I don't do what they want... Big stuff, like college. I'm sorry I didn't tell you when we were together. (Sharp inhale) I feel like I lied to you. That's not lying. You just didn't tell me. Yeah, like how I didn't tell you I'm not supposed to drink on my meds, which is what happened in Florida. Wait, so... Natalie didn't drug you? No. Only my parents do that. (Knocks) Hey. Everything okay? Yeah. I should probably head home. Wait, but there's no one there. Are u sure you want to stay there alone? Not really. Want to just sleep here? And I'm opening tomorrow. No one would know. My mom already thinks I'm staying at Ford's. Yeah, sure. ♪ Ain't gotta say no words ♪ 
♪ you know what we about to do ♪  ♪ I see you boys... ♪ (Crowd chatters) Sorry, I know this is kind of douchey. Just give me an hour to get a quote from Richie, and then we can go to the dance. I think Julian's gonna be there till 10:00. Oh, no, take your time. This is basically a high school dance for grownups, anyway. That's Carey. I'll be right back. Have fun. Hey, hey, look, it's Bruce Hendrie's kid, the prodigal son. So how is the whole medical situation? Well, the doctors gave me one night to live and I decided to spend it here. Bartender. (Mutters) Richie's hiding in the V.I.P. area. Is that his agent there? Yeah, he's not talking. I can't believe I missed my fantasy hockey draft for this. I'm gonna take a leak. Maybe I'll see Richie in there. Hi, you're Adam Platt, the sports agent, right? That's me. I'm basically the taller Tom Cruise. Let's get you a drink. I'll tell you all about... I'm looking for Richie Miranda. Of course. So you're either a fan or a reporter looking for the inside scoop on his contract. Well, either way, that velvet rope is to keep people like you out so that my client can actually enjoy himself tonight. Actually, I'm... I'm neither. But if you're not gonna get Richie for me, do you mind giving him a message? Hm-hmm. Can you tell him the girl that he met last month in New York after playing the Mets just had a visit to the gynecologist. And turns out he shared a little more with me that night than a bottle of Dom and a view of the Brooklyn bridge. (Clicks tongue) Wait here. (Harsh exhale) You, seriously? Wow, you really did have some fun in New York after the Mets game. That was just a lucky guess. Nice haircut, by the way. What is that? Your lame attempt to go undercover and stalk me more? We have a lot to catch up on. I don't know what to say. It's okay. No one does. I'm so sorry. Don't be, 'cause in a weird way, I kind of owe my life to you. If I hadn't tracked you down at that blood drive, I never would have fainted. And then I wouldn't have been diagnosed so early... And who knows what would have happened. (Sighs) I bet we are the only two people at this club reflecting on life and death right now. I don't know. I'm sure that girl passed out in that corner over there  is having some pretty deep dreams. (Both chuckle) Um, so I have heard a few rumors about what might happen when your contract is up for renegotiation. Babe, let's dance. Come on. I... Mmm. (Phone dings) Like, if people at school knew about this... I don't know. Kieran : I'm not gonna say anything, not that I know anyone at your school, anyway. Me neither. Cone of silence. (Girls chuckling) I just feel like a freak. Like I have this weird, dark secret. You're not a freak. We all feel like that sometimes. And everyone has secrets. Yeah, but not like this. How do you know? Come on, Brenna, I know you. You don't know everything. (Sighs) So... Right when I started to go to Charton, there was this senior who had a crush on me. Do you remember a Jake Cohen? Yeah, he was, like... Really popular. Yeah. Well, I was still really depressed about my dad and he had lost his dad. We became really close. He was the first guy that I ever slept with. The only guy, actually. Anyway, um... One day I realized that my period was, like, two weeks late. Yeah, I told Jake, and he freaked out. I mean, he was just about to graduate, so he couldn't deal with that. So he wrote me a check so I could take care of it as long as I didn't tell anyone. Oh my God. I only told one other person... My lab partner. She went with me to Connecticut because you can't have it done here  without a parent's consent. And we've been really close ever since. Ford? She's the only other person who knows. (Sighs) I couldn't even tell my family. They were still so messed up about my dad. So... Well, you know your secret's safe with me. Wow. Yeah, thanks for trusting us. Well, I don't trust you. Not until you confess something. Yeah, Kieran, spill. (Chuckles) Dude, we just bared our souls. Give us your deepest, darkest secret. Now. Fine. (Chuckles) So you know how I... Always make fun of tramp stamps? (Both laughing) How did I never see that? Because I was very good at hiding it from you. (Laughs) Who is Rosie? Is that your ex? (Sighs) No, she's my... English teacher in high school. (Laughs) Not just any teacher. The smartest, hottest teacher ever. Some people write love notes or poems. I thought I'd put my ink somewhere more memorable. (All laugh) That is such a cute dark secret. Do you think we can find Rosie online? (Laughing) I hate this game! I officially hate this game. (Laughing) Carey : No no no! Someone should kick him out for homophobia! Carey, what is going on? Nothing, I just tried to have a little chat with Miranda's agent in the bathroom about sports! And they're kicking me out. If you win by default, I'm not counting it. Doesn't look like I'm going to. I had Richie, and then I lost him. All right, so we'll call it a draw then, Carver. For now. There will be a re-match. Looking forward to it. (Ringing) It's Leo, leave a message. Hey, Leo, where are you? Um, I'm done with the Richie thing for tonight. And I really... We should get going if we want to make Julian's dance. Give me a call. (Exhales) (Men cheering, laughing) (Sniffing) (Deep exhale) Hey, do you have anymore of that stuff? Leo :  Thanks. I don't even know what to say. Well, how about we don't say anything? Just let it go, roll with it? Of course you're not gonna roll with it. It's you.  Don't turn this around. Don't act like I'm uptight if I'm not cool with my boyfriend, who just survived brain cancer, snorting drugs into his brain with someone that I... I didn't know Richie was gonna be there. It's not like I'm trying to screw up your story or anything. Forget that story. I just walked into a way bigger one. And you know who else I can put in that story? The son of a very public figure. Oh, thank you. Yeah, I forgot I was Bruce Hendrie's son. I'm glad to know that's how my girlfriend defines me too. Whatever, I am not gonna feel sorry for you right now. You clearly don't care  how your actions affect me at all. Oh, I'm sorry. I forgot. Everything's about you and your career. You know what? Just do it. Write your stupid expose. Put me in it. It's not like it's gonna surprise anyone. I spent my whole life screwing up before I got sick. I failed out of Exeter. I got arrested for smuggling pot! Of course I was gonna graduate to the harder stuff. That was always gonna be my story. Everyone thinks that I'm this idiot rich kid. And you know what? Maybe they're right. Maybe that's just who I am. I don't get it. Why aren't you appreciating the fact that you are alive instead of dwelling on what've got to do with the rest of your life? Of course you don't get it. You've always known, which is great for you. You're blessed. But that's not... I'm blessed?! I had cancer! So what?! So did I! Well, I'm starting to think that that's maybe the only thing we have in common! Which makes me wonder if we weren't both sick, would we still even want to be together?! Maybe you're right. Maybe that's all this is. Fine, keep sabotaging yourself and pushing people away because you're romanticizing some downward spiral. Wow, impressive analysis. What, is your mom a shrink or something? I can't believe you. And I just missed that kid's dance because of you. So congratulations, Leo, you accomplished something! (Sighs) ♪ I could be wrong ♪ 
♪ you could be right ♪ 
♪ you could be the heartbeat ♪ 
♪ the one thing keeping me alive ♪ 
♪ you could be right ♪ 
♪ where there's smoke there's fire ♪ 
♪ where there's smoke there's fire ♪ ♪ to the wire ♪ 
♪ where there's smoke there's fire ♪ 
♪ it could be true ♪ 
♪ where there's smoke there's fire ♪ 
♪ where there's smoke there's fire. ♪ I thought the weather report said, "70 and sunny." (Chuckles) There's Boston for you. So how's it going? It's okay. So I went to this club last night to interview Richie Miranda about his contract. I found out he's doing drugs again. Seriously? If I break a story about him being back on drugs... That'd be huge, for you and the paper. Okay, this might sound stupid, but I feel like I kind of bonded with him when I did that last piece on him. This could really screw up his life. I mean, this is the job you signed up for. You know, these hard moral choices come with the territory. You just never had to deal with it before because you were still too junior. If anything, this is a sign that you're entering the big leagues. Sorry, I didn't mean to use a baseball metaphor there. It's okay. You're probably right. I mean, that's like rule nr. 1 of journalism. "Never let feelings cloud your judgment or the public's right to know." (Chuckles) Man, all I have to do at work is listen to music and decide if it's pretty. I could never do what you do. So how'd you find out Richie was doing drugs again? (Sighs) It's a long story. Yeah. Guess we've already gone over our 500-word limit. (Chairs bang) Ah! Ow! Oh. Hi. I was planning on having this set up before you got here. Hmm. Well, you should've showed up earlier then, because I work pretty long hours. Let me help you with that. Thank you. Thanks for the chairs. Oh, uh, Aditi is not marrying that guy. She wanted me to tell you. Oh. I'm glad to hear it. Yeah. Yeah. She said you really calmed her down, helped put things in perspective. You could really help people like her, if you wanted. You know, people who actually need help. So because my clients have money they don't have real problems? Is that... really? Are you one of those people  who believes money buys happiness? Ha. "One of those people." I thought that psychologists tried not to generalize. We're not in session. (Chortles) Miranda's last drug test had come in clean, but given this new allegation by the "Boston Post," he will be tested again. This development comes on the heels  of public speculation about whether Miranda was about to extend his contract with the Sox  or negotiate with another team. If this test comes back positive, any contract negotiations in the works will be impacted. (Applause) Nice work. Thank you. Yeah, see that? All you. How's it feel to make news? It feels... I can't even... Uh... uh... uh... Frickin' great, that's how. (Laughs) What can I say, April? You're blessed. Really? You break a huge story and get free taco delivery, and that's your face? Sorry, I was just, um... Thank you. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 