Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x12 - Next April - Chasing Life 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x12 - Next April https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=134&t=16135 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/20/15 06:47 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x12 - Next April 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Chasing Life"... 
 Who is this? That girl is our half-sister, Natalie Ortiz. We've got nothing in common except the fact that we share a dad. I have leukemia, Mom. Please have the surgery. I made this decision long before you. Honestly, I don't need you in my life if you're on a mission to make me rethink that. I am the wrong horse for you to bet on. But that other guy, that's the one who actually might win it for you. You've got a lot of really great people taking care of you, but right now I need to take care of myself. Man : We just think it's in our daughter's best interest to date someone with similar ambitions. They're sending her off to this summer program in Oxford. I'm just hoping that they'll forget about it by the time she gets back. All these feelings are coming back, and I can't help but wonder if you're feeling them too. Sara : You know I feel what you do. It's just... it's not that simple. What happened? Leo's getting the surgery. Clearly you've made an impression on him. I mean, I guess there's like a 50% chance that something could go wrong with the surgery. My hair started falling out. God, I'm so sorry. April : I know you don't like to make a big deal of goodbyes, so I won't. (Doctors chattering) (Machine beeping) Woman :  Change the airway. Man :  He's flat-lining. ♪ Laughter is the only thing ♪ 
♪ that'll keep you sane ♪ 
♪ in this world that's dyin' ♪ 
♪ more and more every day ♪ 
♪ don't let evil ♪ 
♪ get you down ♪ 
♪ in this madness ♪ 
♪ spinnin' round and round ♪ The results of your blood-marrow biopsy are exactly what we wanted. You're still in remission. You just need to come in for blood work every two weeks. That's great. Um, but what are the odds it's going to come back? Hey, we just won this one. Let's not get paranoid, okay? According to the patients' bill of rights, I'm allowed to get paranoid. I haven't heard that one, but okay. What are my odds? 60%. You're an intermediate risk, right down the middle. I'm guess this is the first time in your life you've been told you're average. What happens if it does come back? Then you'll need a bone-marrow transplant. But we haven't found a full match yet. Well, we will continue to search the registry for a potential donor, but since we haven't found one yet, our chances aren't good. But it's great that we have your mother as a half match. If your cancer returns, we have to act quickly, and she is readily available. But you said before that she isn't ideal? And I read that transplants are sort of a one-shot thing, right? We use half-match donors all the time. But yes, a younger donor or someone who has never been pregnant is better, which is why we test siblings first. Since Brenna's not a match, we'll go with what's available. How are you feeling? (Sighs) Exhausted. And my memory still kind of sucks. Those symptoms will fade. I bet they'll be gone by the time you go back to work. I go back to work tomorrow. Of course, because tomorrow's the absolute first day that I said it would be safe for you start. Are you sure you don't need any more time to rest? After four months, the last thing I want to do is keep lying around. I think I'm caught up on every TV show ever made. I just want to get back out there and pick up my life where I left off. Oh, and I found a great wig. It looks just like my old hair. I don't really want to know how they made it, but... I'm sure horses were involved. Thank you so much, for everything. Are you going to go see him? Why isn't the music playing? It's good for the brain. (Soft music playing) Hey, there, cancer friend. Maybe you could talk to me today? I heard he was awake for an hour again yesterday and that he turned his head when he heard his mother's voice. Not bad after a two-month coma. Stay positive. (Theme music playing) ♪ You bet your soul, honey ♪ 
♪ you bet your soul ♪ 
♪ just right ♪ 
♪ You could stay all night and never wanna go home ♪ 
♪ 'cause we can't stop ♪ 
♪ Kick the dust off your back and don't look back ♪ 
♪ give all the doubters you know a fake heart attack ♪ 
♪ 'cause you were made for this ♪ 
♪ you could feel it inside your bones ♪ 
♪ you were made for this ♪ 
♪ and it's time you let the world know ♪ 
♪ who you are ♪ 
♪ what you know ♪ 
♪ it's happening right now so ♪ 
♪ run, run, it's a new day ♪ 
♪ Whoa oh oh oh... ♪ Oh my God, you look amazing. And I can't believe you didn't lose your hair. Oh, yep. Thanks, Mallory. And your skin is so porcelain. It reminds me of the dolls my mother used to collect. And not just casually. She went to doll conventions all over the world once a year. One time she spent a significant amount  of my college fund on a life-sized ceramic geisha. Probably more than you needed to know about my childhood. Mm-hmm. Let us know if you need anything. Thanks, guys. Man, Mallory's had a rough summer. (Whispering) She got herpes. Didn't she already have it? No. You know, everyone assumed she did, but apparently not. It's like when everyone found out that I wasn't first choice to be president of the Harvard Crimson just 'cause I was a sophomore. But then that idiot was caught dealing coke, I was anointed king and I killed it. Luckily, Lawrence never knew that and promoted me to staff writer before he retired. I can't believe he's gone. So... so what's it like with the new guy? Um... oh, sorry. Name, please? I emailed you his bio, like, two days ago. Chemo brain. Aaron Phillips. He's never worked at a paper before, but he's savvy, he's young, and most importantly, he seems to really like me. I need to meet him. Better make an appointment. He's always booked, impossible to get face time with. Well, I will find a way. Nice wig. Get a haircut. Oh my God, I forgot to tell you. Raquel and I finally slept together. What? (Sighs) Man, I wish. (Soft music playing) (Laughs) Let me see her picture. Someone's jealous. Uh, yeah, right. (Laughs) Oh, I've totally met her. Are you sure she's straight? I swear she flirted with me last time she was at the gallery. You're actually going there after everything you put me through? Oh, come on. You moved on pretty fast. I'm so glad we can talk about this stuff now and it's not weird. I know. It's very mature of us. Mmm. What's up with your girl? Greer's coming back soon, right? Oh, yeah. Tomorrow, thank God. Feels like it's been a year. Whatever. All I care about is that she's coming back. Her parents can kiss my ass. Oh, I'm sure they don't kiss asses. They hire people for that. (Laughs) Madeline : Okay, are you trying to get me fired? I told you, he only eats his sushi with soy paper. And make sure that the mayo is reduced fat. Not fat-free, not full-fat. Trust me, he'll be able to tell. Are you Aaron's assistant? I'm April Carver, one of his staff writers. I just got back from medical leave,  and I was wondering... (Phone beeping) Aaron Phillips' office. He's in a meeting. He'll call back. Aaron Phillips' office. He's in a meeting. He'll call back. I'd like to make an appointment with Aaron. Does he have anything in the next, like, hour or two? In the next hour? More like in the next eight days. I'm sorry. I work here... Aaron Phillips' office. What do you mean it doesn't fit? The cabinet was custom-made for the television. I'm sorry, that's not going to work. All right, so you're not totally convinced that your new boss actually exists. I don't really see how that's a problem. What I need to know is how is the boyfriend in a coma? Uh, technically not in a coma anymore, but still not responding, and not my boyfriend. I mean, who knows if he'll even remember who I am when he finally talks. You know, maybe he's a completely different person, like those people that you read about when they wake up after a head trauma and they can suddenly, like, speak fluent German or, I don't know, suddenly musical geniuses. Maybe he could write a symphony in your honor. Thank you. Thank you. What does that say about me? The most romantic situation in my life involves a guy who is unresponsive to stimuli. That you need to have s*x with someone who's conscious. (Giggles) I love this. I love that we're now two working girls who lunch. I don't know if personal assistant really counts as a real job. You've got to start somewhere. Yeah, I know. I mean, you want to work in fashion and your boss is a great designer. It's only a matter of time before she starts complimenting your cute style and you offer to show her... How I spend hours of my free time advising my roommate on what to wear on her stupid dates. Mm-hmm. Morgan is still crazy? It's just... it's so hard being around someone who is so desperate and insecure. She says to the girl angsting over a guy in a coma. So... (Laughs) Oh my God. Sara : Well, what a big day. How was it? A little overwhelming, but really good to be back. Yeah, I can imagine. You've always found work so energizing. Yeah, you're still the same huge nerd you were before chemo. And thank God for that. Yes. (Laughs) Is the wig bothering you? It's just itchy. I'll get used to it. Why don't you take it off? You're in the house, just us. Oh, that's okay. I'm way too vain. You take after me. So, guys, I... Dr. Hamburg said something yesterday and I keep thinking about it. Well, that bodes well for your memory. I wrote it down. What did she say? She said that Mom isn't the most ideal half match for my transplant. She said that it would be better if we could find someone younger. And since the chances are pretty high of my cancer coming back, we just want to find the best match possible. Should we ask Natalie to get tested? (Sighs) Maybe that's stupid. Never mind. No, no, wait a second. Maybe we should consider it if it's really a better option. George, is that true? If she's a half match, yes. But we don't even know if she is. She'd never do it. She's, like, evil. Did you ever actually ask Natalie to get tested? I mean, not really. So what's the harm? She drugged Greer. You don't know that for sure. Still, she's selfish. Just trust me. Is it really worth it? Yes, it is. We should get you the best donor possible. Maybe I should approach Olivia. Sara... Mom, seriously, it's fine. If anything, I could get in touch with Natalie. No, I don't want to go around her mother on this. I managed to avoid meeting Olivia when we had to deal with Thomas's estate. But now maybe it's time. Are you sure? I mean, you've gone this long without ever having to meet her. Well, now we need to meet her. Aaron, I'll be in the copy room. Okay. Yeah, you got it. Mr. Phillips? I'm April Carver, one of your staff writers. How did you get in here? Did you have an appointment? I tried to make one. Your first availability wasn't for eight days. I just wanted to introduce myself. Yesterday was my first day back. Oh, right. You have cancer. It's terrible. Great writer, though. Nice piece on Bruce Hendrie dropping out of the race. Uh, thank you. That's actually what I wanted to talk to you about. I just wanted to say that you do not have to treat me any differently just because I'm dealing with some... Cancer? Got it, I respect that. One sec.  (Beeps) Hailey, hey, it's Dad. Can you tell Mom I need the blue suit for tonight? Thanks. You're my angel. Okay. Anything else? I don't want to stop getting important stories. I will pull my weight, just like I always have. Ask anyone on the staff... I'm... Yeah, okay. I'll see what I got. Oh. Okay. Great. Thank you. Sara : What, do I call her? Send her a letter? What is this, 1985? I can give you her email address. Okay. So what's Olivia like? (Sighs) Well, I didn't spend that much time with her, but, um, nice. Great. She's a florist and she owned a little shop in Key Largo. And she's very close to Natalie. And they were taking surfing lessons last time I saw them. Okay, that's enough. I guess I really don't want to hear anymore about this. Okay. Let's talk about something else. 'Kay, good. You looking forward to tomorrow night? Oh. Why? Oh, God. It's exciting, the hospital honoring you. I don't know why they chose me. I hate being the center of attention. Well, sometimes you deserve to be. Well... (Giggling) (Chattering) Somebody's outside the office. The girls are not here. I know they're not. They're not here. I've gotten so paranoid. I'm paranoid. I really am. I don't like sneaking around and keeping this from them. Right. With all the secrets our family's kept... I... I understand, but we decided that since April is going through chemo, it wouldn't be... What about now that she's out? I don't know. But we... we can talk about it, but let's wait for 30 more minutes. Just please. (Laughing) Hey. (Sighs) Glad you're okay. (Beeps) I'm really excited for our meeting later. Me too. I'll make sure to come prepared. You better. Emma : She really overuses the white carnations, huh? I know. These arrangements are really tacky, don't you think? Yeah. We're horrible. No, we're just women of taste. All right, let's get this over with. Um... How do I start? "Dear Evil Seductress... " Mom. What? You have to write the bad version first, then rewrite. Um, I'll... I'll dictate, you type. Okay? Um... "Dear Husband Stealing Whore... Remember me, the woman who was married to the man you seduced  and who 'accidentally' knocked you up?  Well, now it's payback time." You don't need my help at all. Oh, God. Okay, this is fun. But seriously, what am I going to say to this woman? (Both sigh) You know what, I've got to think about this. You want some tea? Sure. Oops. I just wanted to read what you wrote  and I hit one of the keys by mistake and I think I... No, no, no, don't tell me you sent it. No. But the look on your face was priceless. Oh. (Laughs) Oh, my gosh. I'm taking this away from you. (Laughing)  (Music playing) April :  You're being selfish. There, I said it. You're just lying there peacefully while I have to deal with the real world. Seriously, if you don't start talking to me soon,  I'm going to stop talking to you. You know, the silent treatment can go both ways, buddy. I'll give you another couple of days, though. Right now you just have to keep listening to my boring stories. I got my first assignment from the new boss. Um, I'm profiling a friend of his. She's this... this multimillionaire C.E.O., like Internet Martha Stewart, and she just had a baby. So it's about how women can have it all. (Laughs) Obviously, just look at me. I have cancer and a crush on a guy in a coma  and an ex-boyfriend who hates my guts. God, why couldn't Dominic have just stayed out of the country? Leo? Leo, can you hear me? It's April. Then he opened his eyes and said nothing. Nothing? Nothing. Oh, God, this is the slowest-moving soap opera I've ever watched. I know, but, Beth, he opened his eyes as soon as I said Dominic's name. Do you think that means he remembers what happened between us, like, at the funeral home? Or anything before his surgery? You have to stop romanticizing this. You can't keep analyzing your relationship with a guy in a coma. You're just not going to know anything until he wakes up. I'm not romanticizing it. Yeah, you are. And you know what? I get it. I get it. You've been visiting him almost every day for four months. But, I just... I hate to see you projecting, you know, all this stuff on him and thinking that you're in love. Uh, what... when did I say I was in love? You didn't, but I can tell that you're attached. And until you know that he's aware of what's going on, that attachment only goes one way. 
 
 You're back. Oh, I can't believe you're actually here. You look great. Thanks. You too. Okay, I want to hear everything, especially about that week at Cambridge. Yeah, it was really pretty there. Just please don't tell me if you made out with any cute English girls because I cannot compete with those accents. I didn't. Oh, this is really last-minute, but there's this fundraiser tonight. It's kind of in my uncle's honor, and it's black tie. Do you want to be my date? It's gonna be all fancy, and you love fundraisers. Um, I... What? Brenna, I know before I left, we were thinking my parents would forget about what happened and they wouldn't care if we saw each other. But they still do. And it's even worse than it was before. Now that we're juniors, they're just, like, so obsessed about me doing well this year so I can get into college. And they don't think that's going to happen if we're seeing each other. Are you really going to do what they say? I wish I could stand up to them, but I am not like you. But they're, like, barely around. I know, but they also pay for everything. And they like to remind me that includes college. I just can't risk them cutting me off after all the hard work I put into school. I know you probably think this is pathetic, but I just don't see another option. ♪ Go on without you ♪ 
♪ just go on without you... ♪ I'm really sorry. ♪ Go on without you... ♪ (Song continues) ♪ Up all night. ♪ And a couple years later, everything exploded when I started my website. That's how I met Aaron. I hired him because he specializes in start-ups, and it worked. Now my business is exclusively online. And you sold it for, um... Sorry, hold on. $40 million. That's really amazing. Thank you, but honestly, it's nothing compared to what it feels like being a parent. Having Amelia really changed me. When you become a mother, your entire perspective shifts. You'll see. A successful businesswoman and a mother. They say women can't have it all. Well, they're wrong. (Phone ringing) See, I literally have it all in this black hole of a bag. Well, thank you again for your time. I know you're really busy. Not at all. Say hi to Aaron for me. Oh, no. (Sighs) So what do you think? Uh, it's really good. It is, like, so good. Why are you talking like that? (Clears throat) Uh, like what? Did you have any notes? I don't have anything specific. Unless you want to take a look at... You know what? I wouldn't change a thing. You can say it. I can't. Why? You know, you have... Danny, truth, right now. Okay, it sucks. There are hardly any details from your meeting, no quotes. I have no idea who this woman is. It's... it's like you weren't even there. I basically wasn't. I forgot to record the interview. Oh, my God. Can't you just call the woman back now for quotes? Even if I did, I still don't remember enough to make it halfway competent. What am I going to do at the staff meeting tomorrow? I'm going to get fired. No, he can't fire you. It's illegal. Thank you, that's comforting. I'm sorry about Greer. That's the great thing about being bisexual. You have double the chance of meeting someone else. Thanks, but it doesn't work that way. Hey, Miss Mopey, come on. Let's sit down. Come on. I'll be there in a minute, Grandma. Um, I'd stay with you, but I should really practice this speech. Do you need anything? No, thanks. To the most dedicated pediatric oncologist I have ever met. New England is lucky to have him. If I had my way, you'd come work with me at the World Health Organization. To George. All : To George. I'll say it again. You are not getting me out to San Francisco. Earthquakes terrify me more than any illness ever could. (All laughing) You haven't seen him around spiders. Come on, Sara. These people respect me. (All laughing) Wow, you're right. That wig is perfect. I'd never know unless I was your oncologist. Thank you. It's just so itchy. It's all worth it, though, to keep looking normal, or normal-ish. One of my colleagues compared my face to a porcelain geisha doll. (Laughs) Okay. I have never heard that one before. I hope you're writing these stories down somewhere. I have to. Otherwise I'll forget everything. My chemo brain isn't going away. Yet. Yet. There's only one thing that you can do when you're trying to remember something and you can't. What's that? Try and forget it. Ooh. Drink up. Doctor's orders. What was that? Chug it. More. (Laughs) Great. Now take the wig off. (Chokes) Are you kidding? I barely show my family what my head looks like right now. Well, you should. It's a badge of honor, especially here. I mean, look around you. If there is one place to pull a full monty, it's at a party full of oncologists. Trust me. Like any 24-year-old, I thought I was invincible. I thought that I could will the cancer away. Good thing George wouldn't let me get away with that. Every time I pushed him away, he came back. Because I needed help. I didn't want it, but I needed it. He wouldn't let me live in denial. Um, I'm a writer by profession, but when I was asked to give this speech tonight, I had a really hard time finding the right words to describe my feelings for George,  my... my gratitude. I owe him my life. And I am so proud that he is being recognized tonight. I am proud to have been his patient and even prouder to be his niece. Thank you. Thanks. I'm digging your new look. Thank you, April. That was... that was really beautiful. I have to admit, I'm overwhelmed by all this attention. As most of you know, I'm not an extrovert by nature. (Chuckles) Congratulations. Ah, thanks. Thanks for coming, Susan. You think I'd miss seeing George Carver address a crowd of people? I was so nervous. Yeah, it showed. I mean, it's hard to believe that you're related to April. Her speech was so eloquent. Yeah. She's pretty hard to compete with. I don't know how you do it... working with sick kids all the time. Oh. It's... April is my youngest patient, and I have to say, it's hard to talk to her sometimes. She's dealing with fears that somebody her age shouldn't have to deal with. And then looking to me for reassurance that everything's going to be okay, when... when you don't know if she's going to be okay. Yeah. I tell her that she is. And I believe that she will be okay. But I can't control what happens. I mean, you know... I do. Yeah. I don't know why, but it seems to be getting harder lately. You think it's too late for us to quit our jobs and start a band? (Laughs) (Both chuckling) I'll see you at the bar. Okay. I just got an email from Olivia Ortiz. She's coming to Boston  with Natalie tonight. Sports, arts and leisure, food and dining, and our new and much-improved auto section are good to go. Sweet idea on the news graphics, D-dog. Why don't we add a pet section while we're at it? April, when will the Helena piece be ready? Oh, um... (Sighs) Speak. I ran into a little problem with my voice recorder. And that affects me how? I didn't get the interview on tape. Uh... Raquel : In my personal opinion,  this is a blessing. That piece should never have been assigned in the first place. The "women having it all" article has been done to death. In fact, "Cosmo," "Women's Day," "Redbook" and "Glamour" are running similar stories this month, just to name a few. Guess I haven't been keeping up with my "Cosmo" and "Glamour." Well, I make it a point to know what's going on in the world of journalism, but it's always been my industry. Fine, we'll run another story. Let's move on. Andre, bring me up to speed on that piece with the patriots' quarterback. Raquel, thank you so much for saving my ass in there. I wasn't trying to save your ass. Oh. I'm trying to save this newspaper. And I resent that I have to answer to some alpha start-up guy who's never even worked in this business before. You realize he's going to turn this paper into a tabloid, don't you? I should thank you for screwing up that interview. At least that buys us some time. So you're just giving up? Her parents don't like you? Big deal. It is a big deal. What am I supposed to do? She doesn't even want to see me. You sure about that? Sorry. (Laughs) I can't help it. Beneath this cynical veneer, I'm a romantic. It worked for me. I had to work for what I wanted. With Grandpa? He took some convincing. When we first met in the Navy, I was his superior. He was reporting to me. So everything he said to me was "yes, ma'am. No, ma'am." Then I'd see him around with his friends, making jokes and laughing, and I could tell we had the same sense of humor. I knew he was for me. So I just started making jokes around him even though he kept responding, "yes, ma'am. No ma'am." Until finally after a year, he made a joke back and we never stopped joking after that. And he continued reporting to me for the next 40 years. So there. Hey. Hey. Why are you taking the stairs? Why are  you taking the stairs? I need to build my strength back. So it's not to avoid me? Okay, maybe a little. I just want this to stop being awkward. We should be able to be in the same space. Can we just make a deal and call a truce? Be friends? Look, April, I couldn't say this to you before because you were in the hospital. You don't get to be the one that calls a truce. You cheated on me. You kept secrets and you lied to me. And yet I'm still the bad guy because I dumped the girl with cancer, even though she broke my heart. So no, I don't want to be friends. You okay, Mom? I'm fine, honey. This is about getting you the best match possible. That's it. (Doorbell rings) Here we go. Hello. Uh, come in, please. Hi. Um, nice to see you again. Uh, come sit, please. You have a beautiful home. It must have been nice growing up here. Sara :  Thank you. And thank you both for coming all this way. Would either of you care for some tea? Sure. No. Thanks. April, how are you feeling? I'm sorry to hear about your illness. Thank you. Um, I'm in remission, at least for now. That's great news. It is, but as I mentioned in my email, there's a good chance that April's going to need to have a bone-marrow transplant. And my other daughter is not a match. So you thought of Natalie. Well, actually, that was April's idea,  but I suggested we contact you. Because now you need something. Well, yes, it's true that I've tried to give you your space before now. And yes, it's true we do need something. But that doesn't mean we don't appreciate you being here to talk about it with us. (Sara sighs) If this were happening to you, I imagine you'd want the same from us. What does the test involve? (Phone ringing) Um, I'm sorry. Excuse me. It's nothing, really. It's just a cheek swab. Sara :  Hello? Yes, this is she. Wait a minute, what? No. I... I... Okay, yes, I'm leaving right now. Yes. Mom, what is it? Brenna was just caught breaking into Greer's house. The police are there. Oh, my God. Classic. I'm very sorry, but I've got to go. Sweet. I'm out of here too. Natalie, wait. I'm sorry. Officer : Would you like to press charges? Wait, press charges? She's a kid who made a bad decision. She's not a criminal. Last I checked, breaking and entering is a crime. Okay, she climbed your trellis. She didn't actually break into your house. Ma'am, please, keep your voice down. She would have if security hadn't shown up. This is exactly what we were concerned about when we decided the girls should stop seeing each other. Officer, I think we would like to... We're not going to press charges, Officer, but thank you. Have a good evening, folks. Consider this a warning. If Brenna pulls another stunt like this, next time we won't be so generous. Don't worry, she won't. I don't want her anywhere near your family. Mom. We're leaving. Brenna, now. Sara : Brenna is so mad at me right now. What was... what was I supposed to do? Those people are crazy. How can I possibly condone her seeing Greer again? You just have to let Brenna cool off. That's all. There's nothing you can do tonight. Just try not to think about it. What should I think about? Natalie and Olivia, who I'm already dreading having to see again tomorrow? Well, it's... things will work themselves out. Now just try to relax, okay? (Both chuckle) Thank you. Oh, no. No no no. Mom, I thought you were at a movie. I left early,  apparently for a much more interesting show. (Knocking) I'm sorry I didn't use the front door. I know it sounds silly, but I believe if you want to do things over, you need to change everything about your approach. They're peonies. They're supposed to represent healing. Can I come in? Yes, please. I'm sorry about Natalie's behavior last night. But coming here... it wasn't easy for her,  for either one of us. April :  We get that. And it wasn't easy to ask. I know things are... Things are what they are. But you'll be glad to know that Natalie agreed to do the test. (Both sigh) I had to do a little convincing, but like you said, if... if this was happening to her, I'd be asking the same of you. I understand the position you're in. I appreciate that. Me too. I'll give you a call later to work out the details. Thank you. (Door opens, closes) (Sighs) Thank God. Thank you. I know how hard this was for you. Harder than I thought. I would do anything for you. You know that. (Exhaling) It's, like, really hard walking in slow-mo. Shut up. I'm glad you ditched the wig, by the way. You looked like Stepford April. You tell me this after I wore it to work for a week? Like I was going to tell you that your first week back. Please, I'm not that insensitive. Yes, you are. Yes, I am. (Phone ringing) It's my doctor. She said I was in remission. Something must be wrong. Don't jump to conclusions. (Sighs) Hello? April : I thought you said he was... He was lucid yesterday for an hour. And he tried to speak about 40 minutes ago. It's a good sign. Talk to him. (Classical music playing) Hey. It's me. Word on the street is you are waking up. You have no idea how happy I was to get that call. I can't run yet, but I... I walked really fast... For me, which means only the 50-year-olds passed me. Um, let's see. Oh, remember I told you about Natalie and Olivia? Well, Natalie has agreed to get tested to see if she's a half match for me. Oh, this girl is a real piece of work. She's a... seems kind of nuts, honestly. (Softly) That runs in your family. Did you really just say that? Yeah. Oh, my God. Leo. Who is Leo? Kidding. So... We're alive. Now what? 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 