Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x01 - A View From the Ledge - Chasing Life 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x01 - A View From the Ledge https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=134&t=19418 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 07/07/15 03:45 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x01 - A View From the Ledge 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on Chasing Life... 
 Who is this? 
 That girl is our half-sister. Natalie Ortiz. 
 We've got nothing in common except the fact that we share a dad. 
 Since your cancer has returned this aggressively and this quickly, It's much more serious. 
 They can't lay you off because you're sick. 
 It's down to you and Danny, but you could have grounds for a lawsuit. 
 So then Danny will be out. 
 I quit. 
 The donation process is anonymous And you're probably their only hope. 
 So I could save their life? 
 We have a match. 
 Finally. 
 As you go through all of this To find your own closure about your dad, I can be here for you. 
 You think Dominic couldn't possibly wanna date me for real? 
 Will you marry me? 
 Yes. 
 Where's my research, Abbi? 
 (coughs) I'm working on it. 
 Work faster and if you're sick, don't come in tomorrow. 
 Nobody has time for that. 
 I asked for the re-write on the D.A. Candidate front-runners over an hour ago. 
 No, you didn't, Raquel, but I just sent it to you. 
 You're welcome. 
 Bitch. 
 I heard that. 
 Hey. 
 Hey. 
 I'm heading out. You up for a last-minute dinner? 
 Oh, I can't. I have to do a follow-up on that interview regarding the D.A. Race. 
 Probably about a few more hours. 
 I'll meet you at home? 
 You bet you will. 
 Mmm. I can't wait. 
 (chattering) 
 (machines beeping) 
 Morning, sunshine. How you feeling? 
 I'm enjoying this chemo way more than the last batch. 
 We should be sure to remember The vintage for future reference. 
 A blend of toxic tannins with a less nauseating finish. 
 Maybe we'll serve it at our wedding. 
 Ooh, yeah. About that... 
 No take-backs, sorry. Who should we tell first? 
 Well, assuming you haven't already texted Beth like a million times. 
 I haven't. 
 (knock on door) 
 I'm not hungry. You want my breakfast? 
 Neutropenic pre-packaged banana loaf? Yes, please. 
 Come in. 
 Hey! 
 Oh. 
 Dominic. 
 I knocked. 
 Dimples. 
 Hey, Leo. 
 You didn't have to get me a teddy bear, thank you. 
 I heard about what happened at The Post. 
 I wanted to see how you were doing. 
 You know me, down but never out. 
 I have at least another month here, though. 
 How's Graham? I miss him. 
 He's good. Really good. 
 Want me to leave you two alone for a bit? I can step out. 
 No, no, no, I should go. I gotta get to work. What's with the tape, though? 
 Hmm? Uh, this is a ring. 
 We're engaged. 
 That. Yes. 
 That's... Congratulations! 
 (theme music playing) 
 ♪ You bet your soul, honey ♪ 
♪ You bet your soul ♪ 
♪ Just right ♪ 
♪ You could stay all night and never wanna go home ♪ 
♪ 'cause we can't stop ♪ 
♪ We won't stop. ♪ 
 All done. 
 (sighs) Great, okay, mom. 
 Now can you give the downstairs bathroom a once-over? 
 I'll give you a once-over. 
 What was that? 
 I said I'll give you a once-over. 
 For the past three days we have scrubbed every surface in this house. 
 It needs to be completely disinfected for April. 
 No germ could possibly live here and I don't blame them. 
 I'm home. 
 (laughs) Run, April, the house could kill you! 
 What is she talking about? 
 Ignore her. 
 April! 
 Emma : Welcome home, kiddo. 
 Why are you guys home so early? 
 She barely waited for them to discharge her. 
 I wanted to make it home before Brenna left for school. 
 How are you feeling? 
 Lucky. 
 This round wasn't as bad as the last one. 
 It's gotta feel good to be done with the hospital for a while. 
 Yes, but I have to go back tomorrow for some blood work And to get the results of my biopsy to make sure the chemo did what it was supposed to. 
 And then before my transplant... 
 We get hitched. 
 I can't believe you guys are really getting married. 
 We really are. 
 Really? 
 Did you think we weren't? 
 I assumed it was the chemo. 
 Like when I have a couple glasses of wine at bridge And I agree to see more of Pearl and then I don't. 
 I know it sounds crazy, but it is definitely happening. 
 Do you wanna help me unpack Upstairs? 
 Yes, sure. 
 (mutters) 
 Am I the only one who thinks this is a bad idea? 
 I mean, I can't blame April. 
 Leo's rich and strapping, with those broad shoulders And blue eyes that just... 
 Mom, can we please not objectify the girls' boyfriends? 
 What about their fiances? Whom April has known for only six months. 
 Four of which were spent in a coma. 
 Look, since she told me, I've been talking to George And right now this is bringing her happiness and hope through her treatment, Which is good for her recovery. 
 And the rest of her life? 
 She's wearing bio-hazard tape for an engagement ring. 
 She's not gonna go through with it. 
 No matter how great Leo is, April is still April. 
 I think she's gonna make the right decision. 
 Okay. 
 (sighing) 
 (laughs) 
 I've never been so happy not to be in a bed. 
 At least we know the floor's clean. 
 Yeah, well, it was. 
 Ew. 
 So your grandma seemed pretty surprised That we were really getting married. 
 I honestly can't believe my mom's so cool with it. 
 If it helps, my parents have been plenty weird. 
 Not really. 
 I think it was when I asked them for the generations-old Hendrie family ring my great-grandmother left me for when the time was right. 
 Hey, I've never been a big flashy ring girl. 
 I'm perfectly happy with my tape. 
 Oh, good. So I can just Give this back then. 
 (gasps) 
 No, I mean, it would be rude for you to give it back now. 
 Of course. 
 Wow, oh, my god, it's stunning. 
 Let's see. Let's give it a try. 
 Oh, it fits. 
 My parents want to talk to your mom about wedding plans. 
 They want to throw us an engagement party this week. 
 For the first time in a long time, I feel like the luckiest girl in the world. 
 Damn, granny Hendrie. Lady had some taste. 
 I know. You're the first one I'm showing it to. 
 I can't stop looking at it. 
 Well, you'd better like it 'cause it's your engagement ring. 
 Oh, by the way, I started looking at dress options. 
 Found a few you might like. 
 Between that and work, I'm sorry I didn't make it to the hospital last week. 
 And Denver the lumber-sexual had nothing to do with that? 
 He's definitely way more like the guys I used to date. 
 That's probably a good thing post-Graham. 
 And how are you, post The Post? 
 It's tough. Last time I was in the hospital, I knew I would see everyone eventually. 
 Now who knows who I'll keep in touch with since I won't see them every day. 
 Does that apply to everyone there? 
 You mean Dominic? 
 I haven't talked to him since the teddy bear incident. 
 I hate how he found out about the engagement. I feel so bad. 
 He seems fine. I see him all the time with Natalie. You should call him. 
 It's probably better if I didn't. 
 Don't you do it. I'm getting this one and the next million after this. 
 You don't have to do that. 
 You took the bullet for me during layoffs. 
 You saved my ass. I never could've done that. 
 It was the right thing to do. 
 I still never would've done it. 
 If the shoe were on the other foot... nope, I promise you, I really wouldn't. So thank you. 
 So does this mean you're giving up on journalism? 
 No way. I'm gonna have my transplant in a few weeks. 
 And then, in about four months, hopefully I'll have my old life back. 
 In the meantime, I need your help. 
 What can I do? 
 Can you just get the word out that I will be looking? 
 I want to set up some informational interviews And start a foundation for my big return. 
 I knew you couldn't stay away for long. 
 I'm sorry I'm late. Did I miss anything? 
 Just blood. Lots and lots of blood. 
 Well, I was waiting at home for you at home. 
 Oh, sorry. We came straight from my place. Which is very clean. I promise. 
 Sorry. 
 Hey, Sara, have you talked to my parents? 
 No, why? 
 They just want to talk to you about some wedding plans And an engagement party they wanna host this week. 
 This week? 
 Isn't that so nice of them, mom? 
 Oh, I forgot. Look at this. 
 (gasps) 
 I know. 
 Wow! 
 Dr. Hamburg, I was just showing my mom this. 
 Wow, it's beautiful. Congratulations. 
 Thank you. Are you doing that thing where you pretend to have bad news? 
 Your oncologist does that? Wow, she's way more playful than mine. 
 Wait, is this really bad news? 
 The chemo didn't do what we needed it to do. 
 April, you're not in remission. 
 Fortunately, you're not neutropenic, so you won't have to stay in the hospital. 
 We can closely monitor you as an outpatient While we figure out what you want to do next. 
 Okay, so more chemo then? What do we... 
 Mom, stop. I just... Gimme a minute. 
 I need a minute. 
 April, it's going to be okay. 
 Dr. Hamburg said that there are clinical trials. 
 This is just... it's a setback. That's all. 
 April, hey, hey, look at me. 
 I need a sledgehammer. 
 You can't destroy mass medical again. 
 How did it not work? 
 What if the clinical trial doesn't work? You heard Hamburg. 
 I'm can't get a bone marrow transplant until I'm in remission. 
 Okay, okay, come with me. 
 You know, being up here always helped Put things into perspective. 
 What are you scared of? 
 What do you think? 
 Say it. 
 Why? 
 Because you can't keep fighting it. 
 We're all gonna die, April. 
 I'm not ready. 
 But you have this time now to get ready. 
 Most people, healthy people, they spend their entire lives Being scared and inert. 
 When I was sick, once I accepted the fact that the tumor was going to kill me, That's when I started to live. 
 How did you feel when I asked you to marry me? 
 Amazing. 
 And alive. 
 Focus on living like that. 
 Come on, trust me. 
 (gasps) 
 It's okay. 
 If you were to fall off this roof right now, What regrets would you have? 
 At the end of the day, that's the most important thing to focus on. 
 Live your life like you know you're gonna die. 
 Hi. 
 Everyone, say hi to April. 
 We wish you were here, kiddo. 
 Hi, honey, we're gonna save you a piece of cake. 
 Who wants some champers? 
 Brenna : You see how I cut to Natalie in the scene? 
 This is so cool. And I'm glad she was there. 
 And that she didn't get you drunk. 
 Yeah, I know things have been weird between you guys lately Because of the whole Dominic thing, but she was awesome. 
 It wasn't the same without you, though. 
 Stop that face. 
 No, this is just a little setback. I wanna hear more about you. 
 How's Greer? 
 Well, we talk pretty much every day. 
 I thought that Charton would suck without her, but it's kinda great. 
 Oh, I'll show you. 
 Me and ford joined Charton's film club. 
 I've learned to do some editing with my fancy camera. 
 Hey, Brenna. Do you need someone to film? 
 Who's that? 
 Oh, that's just Erika. 
 Everyone thinks that we should be dating Because she's basically the last out lesbian at Charton. 
 But she's not even in film club. 
 She's just always popping by. 
 Sounds like she likes you. She's pretty. 
 Eh, she's no Greer. 
 Hopefully, in like 10 or 15 years, I'll find my Leo. 
 Or your Leah. 
 At least I have the heroin to keep me company. 
 Um... 
 Just kidding. It's not heroin. 
 It's just the shots I have to take a few days Before my big stem cell donation. 
 Are you scared? 
 Kind of. 
 Dr. Hamburg asked me If I wanted updates on how it goes with the recipient. 
 I mean, I want to know if things go well. 
 But... 
 If it doesn't? 
 Aren't most kids your age worrying about prom dresses And acne medication? 
 Right. 
 I mean, I don't know. Maybe I don't want to know. 
 Maybe it'll be worse not knowing. 
 I don't know. I just... I don't want to have any regrets. 
 (knock on door) 
 April. Hey. 
 Hey. 
 When'd you get out of the hospital? Is everything okay? 
 Yesterday. And yes and no. 
 Come in. 
 (sighs) the reason I'm here is that I don't want to lose you from my life. 
 We're not gonna see each other at the Post every day. 
 And I miss you. I miss our friendship. 
 I know things haven't been great between us and I take full responsibility for that. 
 I'm sure you regret asking me out in the first place. 
 Hey, hey. I have absolutely no regrets about you being in my life. 
 I want you in my life If you'll have me. 
 Deal. 
 Hey, Dom. April. 
 How are you? 
 Great... ish. 
 Fortunately for you, you're off the hook for now. 
 Looks like my cancer kicked chemo's ass this time. 
 So I won't be getting a transplant anytime soon. 
 Oh, god. I'm sorry. 
 Yeah, well... I'm gonna get going. 
 You probably need to get to work. 
 Hey, I don't have to work until this afternoon. 
 We're the only two people I know that have nowhere to be before 10:00 a.m. 
 Wanna hang out? 
 I've sent out like 20 resumes and nothing so far. 
 Didn't you just get out of the hospital? 
 Yeah, but since I'm not going back anytime soon, I may as well keep my career on track. 
 And journalism is a tough business. 
 The longer you're off the radar, the harder it is to get back on. 
 Honestly, I'm just not that great with idle time. 
 What? No. 
 When I was in school, I could barely take a sick day without a shame spiral. 
 And my mom could barely keep me in school. 
 Way too much to see and do. And that was just first grade. 
 You sound like Brenna. 
 Thanks for looking out for her, by the way. 
 I'm a girl of my word. 
 How do you guys do it? 
 Not give a damn? 
 Yes. 
 People are way more self-involved than you think. 
 Look around. Everyone's on their phones, in their heads. 
 Distracted from all the fun they could be having. 
 Look at these guys. They're having a blast. 
 Yeah, but they're... 
 (laughs) 
 Come on. 
 Yeah! 
 ♪ I saw you fall ♪ 
♪ from the highest love ♪ 
♪ hey, man ♪ 
♪ where you been? ♪ 
 You look ridiculous. 
 I don't care. 
 ♪ Words too close by ♪ 
 I woke up today, fasted and I have a job interview this afternoon, so I think a transfusion will help. 
 Have a seat here and I'll be right back to get you started. 
 Thank you. 
 (gasps) Sorry. 
 I didn't know if you... I thought that... I just wasn't sure you were okay. 
 I was meditating. 
 Cool. 
 I'm done with this if you want it. 
 The obits? I'm good. 
 Can't believe there's nothing better to read in here, right? 
 I like reading the obits. 
 Cool. 
 
 
 
 We have a couple hours. I'm Vanessa. Tell me about yourself. 
 I'm April. I'm a journalist. I used to work at the Boston Post, but I had to quit. Fortunately my friend Danny set me up with an interview at this place called Site-Geist. It's like an internet news media company... 
 I asked about you not your job. Who are you? 
 Um... Well, I'm April Carver. And (stammering) I'm... I have this interview, so I should probably get ready for it. 
 (chuckling) So all of this is a bit of a whirlwind, right? 
 I mean, they've only known each other a little while. 
 Kids can be impetuous. 
 Yeah, they can be. 
 Except April isn't. 
 She just... She just never has been. 
 This is a good idea, right? 
 Well, they both seem very intent on it. 
 Has Leo given you any insight as to what prompted this? 
 He loves your daughter. 
 And we know from experience, when Leo was terminal, he did all kinds of crazy things. 
 April is not terminal. 
 She just had a minor setback is all. 
 It's not like it's her dying wish or anything. 
 No, no, no, we're not saying that. 
 Leo explained that this idea came about just after April relapsed. 
 And well, she was talking about maybe never seeing her own wedding. 
 And... 
 I think you're wrong. 
 So Danny speaks very highly of you. 
 How do you know Danny again? 
 We both went to Harvard. He was crazy competitive. 
 Sounds like Danny. 
 And he always tried to sleep with me. 
 Also sounds like Danny. 
 I'm impressed he survived Black Tuesday at The Post. 
 I was at The Sentinel for a few years, but they scaled back, too. 
 So I'm sympathetic to the situation you're in, professionally and medically. 
 I appreciate that. And I just want you to know that With what I have ahead of me medically, I can still cover a lot of ground from home. 
 Which is great with us. 
 Our office is really come and go as you please. 
 So here at Site-Geist, we're putting out content daily, Covering some world and national news, But the bulk of our work is producing info-taining quizzes and lists. 
 It's the way of the future. 
 I read your samples and I'm already a huge fan. 
 So the job is yours if that's a line of journalism you're comfortable with. 
 I am a journalist and I can do whatever I'm hired to do. 
 Great. 
 (rock music playing) 
 Whoo! I got a job. 
 (cheering) 
 And special thanks to Danny for hooking up the introduction. 
 I'm just glad Jasmine doesn't hold a grudge. 
 She was all over me in college. 
 Uh-huh. 
 So where are we going, by the way? 
 For the next two hours, nowhere. 
 I've always wanted to ride in one of these, so I figured, why not tonight? 
 Of all things you could do to celebrate. 
 That's my girl. 
 And then Dom got us into a show at the Sinclair. 
 Yeah, what can I say? I know people. 
 So, Denver. Tell me, how did you two meet? 
 Denver : At Bukowski's Tavern a few weeks ago. 
 You wanna hear something really funny? 
 Always. 
 Well, like, the night we met. 
 I wasn't even going out to hook up or anything. 
 I'm usually chilling at like, Backbar, Deep Ellum. 
 And then just like, boom. 
 That's crazy, right? 
 (mouths) what? 
 Come on, let's go dance. Come on. 
 Denver : Dance! 
 God, I hate this song. 
 (Rock music playing) Hey, hey, listen. Does that voice sound familiar? I don't think so. Oh, come on. Come on. ♪ fickle, fickle, little heart ♪ That's her? This is who? Who is this? It's this horrible singer Dom and I heard perform. She's on the radio? Apparently she's arrived. She sucks. When'd you guys hear her? It was our first date, right? Sort of. He invited me to the show because he said he was reviewing her. But he wasn't. Oh, pretty sneaky, Dom. We actually had a little sneaky first date too, right? Remember we stole that car? You guys really stole a car? That's fly! You can say we're like the Bonnie and Clyde of cancer. Yeah, nice. Leo loves stealing things. Hey, I think it's time we all pole dance. So boys first. Gupta, shake your ass. ♪ Twerk it, twerk, twerk, twerk ♪ 
♪ just like Miley, you can work it ♪ 
♪ twerk it, twerk it, do it, yes ♪ 
♪ yes, do it, twerk it, twerk it... ♪ Did you get up early today? Yeah, I had some Site-Geist homework and then I have a meeting there this afternoon, But I need to hit the hospital first. Are you still mad about last night? I'm not mad. I'm just surprised. What was he doing there in the first place? You guys are obviously not dating anymore. You're not co-workers. Well, he's dating my half-sister. And I want to be friends with Dominic. Is that a problem? Morning, you two. Am I interrupting something? No, grandma. I don't have a problem If I don't have anything to worry about. Do I? Morning. Everything okay? They're not fighting. (sighs) No. April, got a second? I'm actually on my way out. Can we talk later? Well... Wait a minute. Here. Did you make my lunch? Have a good day, babe. Thank you. Hey, Leo. Yeah. Since we're gonna be family soon, I'm gonna give you a little tip. Keep the toilet seat down, okay? You're in a house full of women. So this morning I'm getting coffee and the guy asks for my name. And I'm like, "Erika. With a 'K.'" And he's like, "got it, with a 'K.'" As he's writing it with a "C-K." That's so frustrating. Anyway, I was thinking about hitting the south end. Wanna come? I have film club. Oh, right. What about this weekend? I have my sister's engagement party and just all of this family stuff. Is this film club? It will be. I'm the only one here so far. Oh, no worries. I'm Margo. I'm mentoring for the next couple of weeks. I actually used to go here, but I just graduated from Emerson film school last semester. Awesome. You know, I could really use your help. I'm gonna go. Have a great weekend. Yeah. You too. So how can I help you besides ditching your friend? Was it that obvious? I'm sorry. I don't want to bother you. I'm just new to all this filmmaking stuff. I can still help you. Okay, well, my sister has cancer And she just got some more bad news this week, And I want to make her something special For her engagement party, which is tomorrow. Ummm Yeah, welcome to my life. (wry chuckle) You know, I actually made a short documentary about cancer in West Africa. You've been to West Africa? For a semester. There's a total lack of awareness and resources there for treatment and research. Are you sure you went to Charton? I guess I wasn't your typical Charton student. Yeah, neither am I. Well, I think I could help you with some ideas for your sister. Hi, Vanessa. How'd your interview go? I got the job. Congratulations. Thank you. (sighs) And about what you said before when you asked me who I was. What I should've said is I'm someone who puts great value on her career And doesn't apologize for it. I thought of that later. And wished I'd said it then. I was an EMT for seven years. Probably saved a dozen lives. And then I got cervical cancer and had to lose all my reproductive organs. Cervix, ovaries, fallopian tubes. All gone. So I decided to be a little selfish. Stopped saving other people's lives and started saving my own. Since then I've been to every state in the US. Even Oklahoma. And I've visited 19 countries so far. I'm enjoying my life. Because I read these obits and you know what I realized? For most of us, what we do for a living is gonna be like one line in it. That's it. Hmm. Hmm? These are good. Good. But not great. Really? I did a lot of research for the "10 ways to resolve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict." It's substantiated. But it's not fun. Substantiated's great, but at Site-Geist, facts don't have to come first. Or at all. I thought this was still a news organization. What is these days? Our job is to give people what they crave. Which is fun things that are tweetable. Oh, and GIFs. I can help you with that. You know? Let me sent you some of our more successful ones. "26 reasons why Katy Perry thinks she's Katniss Everdeen." that looks fun. "Thirteen reasons why Lena Dunham is not the voice of our generation." Getting that one down to 13 was not easy. "Seventeen ways people look like their poodles." It's really funny... (continues indistinct) Beth : "Thirty-seven regrets April Carver would have If she died tomorrow." I can't believe you published this. Read number seven. "she would regret working at Site-Geist and making up lists just to keep her title of journalist." That couldn't have gone over too well. I can scratch off number fifteen off my list. "She would regret never getting"... April Carver got fired from a job? I'm trying something new. I love it. Wow, babe, you look stunning. We both do. And you know you're not dying tomorrow, right? I don't. But neither do you. And I was thinking if I did, What would my obit say? "April Carver graduated from Vassar. Published reporter at the Boston Post. Engaged." That's it. Best friend to Beth Kingston. Hello. You know what else it could say. "she never traveled. She didn't have any hobbies. No interests." That would be one of my biggest regrets and I want to do something about that Before it's too late. Something that matters. I know you will. God. I can't believe my best friend is getting married. I would never have imagined in a million years that this would be your life. Like I said. I'm trying something new. And it feels really scary. But that makes it feel right. Well, you're marrying into the Hendrie dynasty. By the way, would you and Leo consider adopting me? They're not that rich. Are you sure? I feel like they are. I'm just glad she found the one and that they're going to have a happy life together. I'm sorry, what is the bachelor? ♪ I know grace is hard ♪ 
♪ and our patience slow ♪ 
♪ when our hearts grow dark ♪ 
♪ when we lose our hope ♪ Hey. Why don't we go explore? Here? Nah. Come on. That's not a good idea. Why not? Because this is April’s party. I don't want to be disrespectful. Barkeep! Hey, how you doing? There they are. April, this is Leo’s... no, no. No. Sorry. I'll go. April, I'm Leo’s cousin Tripp. This is my father Malcolm. So nice to meet you both. You as well. And to be honest, we know absolutely nothing about you. Oh, well, April is a very successful journalist. In fact, she just got the most wonderful job at a place called... Zeitgeist is it? It's a pun. Site-Geist. I got fired. Fired? How's Aunt Kathy doing? She's good. Well, there are other jobs. I'm actually thinking about putting journalism on hold for now. I'm just wanna focus on the wedding and the present. Would you excuse us for a second? I know what you're doing and you can just stop. You mean the wedding? I mean everything. I mean, the wedding. Your career. What's next? Your will and bucket list? You're giving up. I am not giving up, mom. You think you're going to die, Because you had a setback. This isn't about the setback. I can't keep living in fear. I need to accept the fact that I'm dying, and it's time I started acting like it. You're wrong. Before, I couldn't even consider the thought without feeling pissed off or depressed, But my perspective has changed. You can still get the transplant. You can have your normal life back. I don't want it back. I could be so fearless when it came to my job. But in my personal life, I always played it safe. I was the good girl. And if I continue to make my life all about that and my career, I'm gonna miss out on so much. I can't live like that. And I don't wanna die like that. I know this is probably the hardest thing that I could ever ask you, mom. I need you to accept that, too. Mom, look at me. Look at me. I'm okay. I'm not sad about it. This is my life, And I don't want to die, And I don't want to stop living my life. I just need to start living it differently. Hi, April and Leo. I wanted to get you something awesome to celebrate your engagement, But I'm young and poor so this is the best I could do. So here you go. Congratulations! Advice for a happy marriage? Hmm... (laughing) Never go to bed angry. How the hell would I know? (laughing) Pool long-term assets, diversify. I've heard something about communication being important. Congratulations, you crazy kids. Uncle George! - April, I always knew that you'd get married before me. I'll see you all at the wedding. You hurt my friend, Hendrie, I'm coming for you. Always take marriage seriously. I wish you both a long lifetime of happiness. Man : Stay within your means. Seriously. Good luck, you two. ♪ From the love in your eyes ♪ 
♪ are forever ♪ 
♪ changed... ♪ (clinking) When April was born... My entire outlook on life changed. And I'd been warned about this from friends who had children, But I never believed it possible. To have your worldview shift so drastically, so quickly. But ultimately And in every way, For the better. I learned to embrace and savor Every moment with my daughters, Because you only get that opportunity With each one of them once. And before you know it, they're their own people. Congratulations, April and Leo. (cheering) (clamoring) Good night, you guys. Good night, Beth. Nah. It's not a good idea. I don't want to be disrespectful. You know, I think you're a little drunk. And I think you're still in love with April. What? Ever since you found out that she was engaged, you've been weird. And now that she's out of the hospital and back in your life, you've been even weirder. I really have no idea what you're talking about. For once I need to feel like someone's first choice. She's getting married. You should have said, "no, I'm not in love with her." Not "she's getting married." That's not what I meant. Look, I was getting kinda bored in this relationship anyway. Why don't you leave? I'm done. Get some sleep. We'll talk tomorrow. Whatever. If this can get me through months in the hospital, it can definitely keep you entertained for five to seven hours of your donation. Fingers crossed. Have you thought any more about the recipient? Do you want to know? I do. I'm choosing to believe that whoever it is, they will survive this. And if they don't, I can handle it. I get one daughter out of the hospital, only to have to take another one in. Okay. Okay. We're late. Let's go. Bye, mom. Bye, Ape. Bye. Bye. Good luck, Bren. Thanks. What'd you forget? You okay? Do you wanna talk about last night? I'm fine. For the hundredth time. Well, what are you doing today? I'm staying in and getting organized. See? You're not fine. Stop. I have these boxes that Sara gave me from my dad's storage unit Just sitting here collecting dust. I'm gonna go through them. Well, call me if you need anything. Bye. "My name is Timothy Carson. I have two families, who know nothing about each other. This is the story of how I lived my life and planned my death." 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 