Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x20 - No News is Bad News - Chasing Life 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x20 - No News is Bad News https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=134&t=17184 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/17/15 07:45 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x20 - No News is Bad News 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Chasing Life"...  
 I've never been in love before. Or I hadn't, until now. 
 I love you too. 
 Sara :   It got me thinking about your father,  how I've been repressing a lot of anger. 
 Really toxic stuff. 
 I think we have to break up. 
 Could I stay here tonight? 
 Yeah. 
 Sara :  Do your parents even know you're here? 
 Not exactly. 
 I've been getting along really well with April lately. I don't want to mess it up. 
 Are you really gonna let girl code keep you from something? 
 What are you thinking about? And don't worry, there's no such thing as flattering me too much. 
 (Chuckles) I'm just nervous about my staff meeting this morning. 
 You could've at least lied. 
 We're finding out who our new editor-in-chief is. 
 What if they're a total nightmare? 
 Well, then I'm sure you'll charm the pants off of him. 
 I hear you're quite good at that. 
 (Laughs) 
 So hey, um, my parents do this thing every fall where they invite a bunch of friends over to drink cider and carve pumpkins in the backyard. 
 Really? That's so charming. 
 I know. It's, like, the one genuine family tradition the Hendries actually have. Anyway, my mom was wondering if you were coming, because she wants to get to know you better outside of you doing a story on our family and those all-night vigils you guys had over my comatose body. 
 I'm in. When is it? 
 That's the thing. It's tomorrow. 
 If you can't make it, we can just go to dinner with them some other time. 
 No, stop it. I would love to come. 
 I love carving pumpkins. 
 You'd love to come? Hm? 
 You love carving pumpkins? You're really throwing that word around. 
 Mm! No! 
 I gotta go! 
 (Clears throat) 
 Woman :  Listen up, everyone. I'll be brief. 
 As you all know, I had to make a quick decision on a new editor-in-chief. 
 Luckily, there was a clear frontrunner, a woman more than qualified to lead the charge. 
 Raquel, let's shatter that glass ceiling together. 
 Thank you, Karen. 
 Now, some of you may have picked up on this. 
 But the "Post" is in trouble, because everybody gets their news online now, so we have to improve our online presence in order to stay viable. 
 The reason the "Boston Sentinel"'s readership went up last quarter and ours didn't  is because they post their news on Twitter twice as fast. 
 We need to break news first. 
 Now some of you who have gotten bigger stories lately,  maybe you feel like I'm not talking to you. 
 Just because you get one home run doesn't mean you sit on the bench now. 
 Let's get to work. 
 ♪ You bet your soul, honey ♪ 
♪ you bet your soul ♪ 
♪ just right ♪ 
♪ you can stay all night and never want to go home ♪ 
♪ 'cause we can't stop ♪ Well done, Raquel. You were a real dark horse candidate. Uh. That's not a reference to your exotic looks. That was just a coincidence. So many things about the sentence you're starting are illegal. Hm. Hey, congrats. And I'm probably being paranoid, but I kind of felt like you were addressing me with that speech. No, I was. My new position means that I have to depend on my staff. I only succeed if they deliver, so I have to pinpoint the most valuable players on this team, like you. Thank you. Don't thank me. I'm not doing this for you. I'm doing this for the "Post," and you should feel flattered that I'm being hard on you. When I first started out, Barbara Walters used to make my life hell. But she never criticized the other girl at my level, Laura. You know where Laura is now? Where? Who the hell knows? My point is, you do not want to be someone I have nothing to say to. Raquel, congrats again on the... Gin. Pbbt! You might just have to accept that I'm better at gin than you are. Then I might just have to dump you. Oh-oh! Come on, really? Oh, sorry. (Laughs) I know we're a little too adorable over here. No, I just got a notice they're raising the rent again on the storage unit where we keep Thomas' stuff. Thomas was Sara's late husband. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, thank you. Is there any good reason to keep it? What's even in there? I don't actually know. I've never been in it. By the time we moved all of his stuff in from the Florida house, I knew what he was actually using that place for. And I knew going through all that stuff would just upset me. Thomas had a secret family down in Florida. The contents of that double life are in this locker. Got it. Maybe it's time, huh? Yeah, just stop pissing money away. That's... that's just letting the terrorists win. Was Thomas also a terrorist? No. (Laughs) Not that we know of. I guess she'll find out when she goes down to the locker. Why don't I go with you? Whatever we find, it'll be fine. Thank you, Mom. Yeah, I'm a little nervous. Don't be. What's the worst that can happen? We find out he has another illegitimate child? (Laughs) (Sighs) Know what? I'm sorry, but I was not the immature one. Okay? I was raised by a single mother. I've lived all over the world. I'm way more cultured. What, he thinks he's mature because he brews his own beer with tools from his dad's chemistry lab? Please. You thought he was lame when you met him, right, Leo? Don't worry, it's not gonna be one of those things where you trash him and we end up getting back together. You know, like that time when you guys had your fight, I said all that stuff about how you sucked. And now you guys are back together and all over each other and it's just so awkward! Sorry. We're just... Happy. Yeah, you've mentioned. Oh, when did this get empty? Natalie, can we get four more beers... for Beth? No microbrews, okay? I don't want anything made by a dude with a beard in Vermont. She wants a watery, mass-produced beer that advertises during the Super Bowl. Got it. Oh, and I remembered my keys this time, so I don't lock myself out. Sorry I left you a million messages last night. Where were you? Uh, I just had to run some errands. You know, if you're hooking up with someone, you can just say it. I'm not that fragile. Just cause I don't know when I'm ever gonna hook up with anyone ever again. I'm gonna go get you those beers. It's been a rough week. Mm-hmm. I bet you could use a break right now, huh? Yeah.  Like a tropical vacation  where we lie on beach all day? Except for when we're snorkeling or eating fried food. I mean, yeah. Great, let's just do that then. I found a ridiculous deal online, and I'm taking you to Bermuda for the weekend, two weeks from Friday. Oh my God! Are you serious? Oh my God! (Laughs) Okay. Okay, so I know you're really into her and you "love her," and all that stuff, but I might need to make this woman my wife. I am cool with that. Okay, good. (Laughs) Uh... (Clears throat) Sorry. I'm just trying to get an early start. Raquel has been laying on the pressure for us to break more stories, and I want to be done by a reasonable hour, because Leo invited me to this thing with his family tonight. I want to get to know them better, now that Leo and I are... In love? (Sighs) Where's Brenna? Upstairs. She just texted me she'll be right down. She texted her from upstairs? Are they back together? Hi. Hi. Missed you. She missed her? They were a whole floor apart. So, Greer, have you spoken to your parents lately? Oh, no, did they call you or something? No no no. I just wondered if they'd been in contact with you separately. Mom, that's... Not really our business. Actually, it is our business. I mean, even though they know that you're staying here  and they seem to be okay with it, I'd like to know that there's some resolution in sight. Greer :   I know. I'm sorry. I've only spoken to them once since the benefit. But my dad did ask me to meet with him for coffee after school. I don't know what about, but... Well, it sounds like he's trying to open up the lines of communication. Please tell him he can call me any time. I don't really feel comfortable with this big divide between the families. That sounds so shakespearean. Right? "Juliet and Juliet." (Laughs) You guys are lame. (Laughter) Good work. Keep it up. You got it, Ra... Quel. Morning. Raquel just touched me. And? And sleeping here finally paid off. Remember that boring assignment about the prison guard shortage at the state pen? Mm-hm. Not so boring anymore. An inmate escaped briefly in the middle of the night, and guess who broke the story? Look who's Laura now. Huh? The girl from Raquel's Barbara Walters story. I used to be her, but now I'm not. But I could be again if I don't keep this up. Well, I'm happy for you. You've been working super hard lately. Thank you. Thanks. You too! I mean, you were right there with me, working all through the night on... (Gasps) No, you weren't. (Chuckles softly) I just wanted to say that I know it looks bad that Danny broke a story... It's not about how it looks. It's about what it means. What are you talking about? When I met you, you were all about your work, and then you took that leave. And when you came back, you seemed a little different. I thought it might just be the haircut, but it's you. I'm getting the sense that you've changed. No, I haven't. How late were you here last night? Last night was an exception. My best friend's going through this breakup... See? You got soft. Old April would have been here. Did old April even have a best friend? Yeah, I've known Beth for... Whatever. You would have blown her off before and worked late to impress your new boss. Look... You have control over your own success. What is it worth to you? What's it worth giving up? Trust me, I had to make all of those tough calls. In another life, I'd be married with a picket fence. But I walked away from that fence, proudly. Now, look at me. I want that kind of success, too. I can be old April again. I promise. I don't need promises. I need headlines. You're gonna get them. You're typing a lot. So are you. I know. It's like the minute I broke the seal with the state pen story, I've been a machine. I guess it really is about having the right mentor. I'm really glad Raquel and I are at a place where she can see me as someone she can trust... oh my God, Danny, it was one story. Calm down. (Scoffs) This chair is actually pretty comfortable. You gotta give her credit for that. You think Olivia bought it for him? Look at this material. Women like us don't buy prints like this. Thank you for being a little catty about my husband's mistress. Oh God! What's in here? A steel box filled with guns. Hundred dollar bills. Pure heroin. (Laughs) Or books. Oh, this family. Even when we have secret lives, we're boring. "The Lord of the Rings" boxed set. You know what this means? Thomas had a hobbit fetish. Mom, these were George's. Oh. You gonna tell him you have them? I'm sure he doesn't need them anymore. I don't want him to get the wrong impression. Have you two not spoken since he moved? We haven't. We made a clean break. I've moved on. I'd like to think he has too. I just don't want to risk things getting messy again. "Good night moon" and "where the wild things are." Oh. These are inscribed, "from Thomas, to Natalie." I should call her, shouldn't I? Yes, you should. Well, there's someone I can call without any surprises. If I call Natalie, I know exactly what I'm going to get: Hostility. Of course, I'd prefer the exclusive, so I'll have to get back to you on whether or not we can run the story if... Oh, you   can   give us the exclusive? Wow! Great! Thank you. Can you keep it down? Just wrapping up here. Sorry, where were we? That would be perfect. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Sounds perfect. Uh-huh. Awesome. (Rock music playing) ♪ Tell me, girl ♪ 
♪ your name ♪ 
♪ tell me you're... ♪ (Sighs) We're getting really good at that. Mm. We need to work on your definition of mood music. (Laughs) This music is not about mood. It's about having a roommate and not wanting to make him part of this experience... I mean, unless you're into that. Mm. Not gonna say I never like an audience, but I'm kinda enjoying this whole one-on-one thing right now. Oh. (Chuckles) Bad decisions are always the most fun, huh? What do you mean, bad decisions? Don't worry. I'm not saying I'm gonna stop doing this. I'm just saying it's a little shady. Whatever. Shady? Why is it shady? Because of April? We talked about this. We're not doing anything wrong. We were just waiting to tell her until we knew that this was gonna be a thing. Well, now that we know it is, maybe we should just tell her. The longer we keep it a secret, the weirder it's gonna be. Okay. So, which one of us is gonna tell her? How about whoever sees her first? Sure. Great. Then let's rehearse what you're gonna say if it's you. I'm April. Go. Okay. "Hey, April. I just want to start by saying that what I am about to tell you is not a big deal, so don't freak out." That's the worst possible way to start. You need to be more casual about it. Try again. "Hey, April. You know how sometimes you can't help who you're attracted to? It's just kind of like this physical thing you can't stop... " You suck at this! I'm kidding! I'm not. Seriously, I don't want you to put your foot in your mouth and make this a bigger deal than it has to be. I'll handle this. (Mouths)  (Laughs) Brenna :  They're getting divorced? My dad used the word "separating," but yeah. It seems pretty final. He's moving to our Nantucket house. So now you have to live with your mom? But she's the one who starts all the fights. Are you sure that's what you... Actually, my dad asked me if I wanted to move in with him. Oh, so now he cares about having quality time with you? How could you even live on Nantucket? How would you get to school? Um, I'd go to a school there. Well, do you really think that moving away right now is the best idea, with everything that you're going through? I can't live with my mom, and I can't say no to both of them. What if you could stay here? Like, move in? Yeah. I mean, until graduation. You just shouldn't have to uproot your whole life for the last year and a half of high school because of this. I'm asking my mom if you can move in. Thank you... For caring so much. Oh, I don't. I just need you to stay nearby, so we can keep hooking up. Oh, that's what I meant by "caring." (Both laugh) What? Your exclusive? I heard. No, I just wanted to say I think that Lou Bianco story's a dead end. What are you talking about? Your new story about the mafia boss who's going to prison for bribing the congressman. I just started working on that. How did you... (Gasps) Did you seriously just hack into my wordpress while I was getting coffee for both of us? (Sighs) Yeah, sorry, I didn't realize you were getting some for me too. Yeah, because I felt bad about what a bitchy thing I said earlier about your story. Whatever. Really? You just did that? Yup. Mm-hmm. Wow, dude. (Sighs)  (Typing) Heading home? No, I've got a date tonight. And you can't judge me for leaving before you because you have your bag, too. How's your piece on the construction at the train station? Fine. You know, it's... trains. How's your mafia dude? I'm trying to get an in to get a quote or something before they lock him up, but he's been hiding out. I don't know.  (Cellphone chimes) Oh! There is my Lou Bianco alert now. I guess there's some new... - (Cellphone chimes) Why did your alert just go off? It's the train station. Are you... ? Seriously? Are you trying to steal my story? Look... What happened to our pact? No hijacking each other's stories! Those were the rules! The rules changed. You heard Raquel. It's every man for himself now! Especially now that you don't have... Cancer? I was going to say "the upper hand." But yeah, that too. Go ahead. You don't want to miss your date. That's okay. You go ahead. Actually, I think I'm gonna go upstairs and keep working. Hm. Good. So am I. (Mutters) Crap. I'm sorry. I really wanted to spend time with your family tonight. (Sighs) Thank you for understanding. Thanks, that's so nice. Oh, come on, you know I do, too. You're really gonna make me say it? I love you too. Okay, bye. (Beeps) It's funny. When you said you were coming back up here to keep working, I didn't realize that was code for you calling your boyfriend to play kissy face. You have headphones. (Sighs) Hey, Mom! How was your day? What's all this? Don't worry. I didn't help at all, so this will be edible. I thought that we could have a nice dinner together. That's so sweet. Are we waiting for Greer? No, she has a tennis match. She won't be home until late. Actually, um... I thought this might be a good time to ask you something about her. Sure. Is everything okay? No. Is she cheating on you? Already? I'll cut her. No, everything is fine between us. Just her parents are getting divorced. Oh. Is she taking it hard? Well, yeah, she basically doesn't have a home anymore. I mean, her only options are living with her mom, who she can't stand, or moving to Nantucket with her dad. But she's really happy here. So if she could just stay here until graduation... Graduation is in a year and a half. I know. It's not even that long, right? Brenna... I... I feel like I'm already coming between Greer and her parents as it is, and we have a lot going on around here. Do we? April's health is fine now. It's a lot to think about, even if her parents agreed to it. But you'll think about it? (Sighs) Yes. I'll think about it. (Sighs) Taking off? Yeah. I am so tired, I can't even focus. (Clears throat) Okay, well, I'll let you know how it goes with the Bianco story, since you need to sleep. That'd be great. Thank you. I guess it was just... Too hard for me. (Computer chimes) Guess it's for the best. Looks like someone beat both of us to the story. Some delivery guy from a liquor store leaked a new photo of Bianco at his home tonight. Guess that's where he's been hiding. Hm. Yeah? Who... uh, who got the story? (Hesitantly) The "Post." That's us. I was just wondering. Because if a delivery guy leaked the photo, that must mean that somebody sent Mr. Bianco a delivery. Maybe the reporter who did that piece on the Dorchester Wine Mart's liquor license last year, and remembered them saying that they delivered to a ton of guys in the mob. Wow. Thanks for making me stay late. Sometimes my best ideas come at night. Great. Oh, come on. You beat me yesterday. I was cool with it. Congratulations. You had to be the bigger person for once, because that was that the only time you didn't get to be the star. Even though this is, like, all I want... In life. So do I. Just because I don't, like, sleep here and try and steal your stories doesn't mean I don't want... Never mind. I'm... I'm just tired. Congratulations. (Bell chiming)  (Knock on door) Yeah? Mind if I brush my teeth? Go for it. April, was I dreaming or were you still awake when it was dark out? Yeah, sorry if I woke you up. Work has been getting crazy. I feel like I always need to be awake to check every device I own for news. So how was your match? We got destroyed. Nothing like getting your ass kicked by a girl named Trevor. Ouch. But my dad came to watch. That's so sweet. Oh my God, really? It was nice of him to try. I mean, at least he's putting in an effort. Yeah, it's about time. He is really pushing the school in Nantucket. Does he realize that you'd have to live on a deserted island? (Chuckles)  (Cellphone chimes) I told my mom about you maybe moving in, and she's thinking about it. Great. It sucks that she has to choose like that. Whatever. It's not even a question. I'm not letting her live with her parents, not that she ever would. She didn't seem totally closed off to living with her dad. (Sarcastically) Wow. Really subtle. So you don't want Greer to live here. I don't have an agenda. I like Greer. I'm just saying she seemed open to the idea. I know you don't want to lose her, but if this is what she wants, I hope you would make that sacrifice for her. It's not what she wants. I got him that for his birthday. Hey! I'm glad you came. Yeah, I just figured there might be something in here I could sell. I don't know about that, but I think there might be some things of sentimental value. I was kidding. Oh. You can just come back in, like, an hour if you want. I don't think I need more time than that. I don't mind staying. What, are you worried I'm gonna steal something? No. (Sighs) No, not at all. (Sighs) I just... I thought you might want some company. This has got to be intense for you, and memories are bound to come up. And so for whatever it's worth, as you go through all of this and work to find your own closure about your dad, I could be here for you. Well, now I know what Brenna means when she says having a therapist for a mom is different. Sorry, I just tend to... Not "bad" different. I just mean y'all are highly functional. (Scoffs) I'm not always so functional. I guess it's just gonna take some time for all of this to feel normal. Or maybe if we just start acting like it's normal now, it will be. Usually works. Does it? Only one way to find out. Hey, Bren, can I talk to you for a minute? Yeah, did you make up your mind yet about Greer? No no, not yet. Mom. No, honey, this is about something else. Dr. Hamburg called me today and asked if I thought you'd be willing to go in and talk to her. About what? It's nothing to be concerned about. She just has a question for you. I'm having a panic attack here. The only place that sells the buttons Jaclyn wants is on the north shore, and you know the only way to get to the north shore without a car is a three-hour bus ride. Guess who gets carsick on the bus? Like, to the point of vomit. (Deep sigh) Okay, just take a deep breath.  I'm trying. I just walked into this nail place that had a sign out the front saying "relaxing." And guess what? It's not. I really wish I could meet you, but now that Raquel is my boss it's like... Oh yeah. No no no, it's fine, I get it. Think about Bermuda. Imagine those weird little foot baths are warm ocean waters. And visualize the coconuts we're gonna be sipping from and the strange men you'll be making out with. I love you. I love you, too. I really don't want you to be alone right now. Is there anyone else you can call? I don't know why I'm having such an emotional reaction to this, but whatever. I feel calmer just being here. Thanks for meeting me. Happy to help. You know, I've never felt this sad about a breakup before. Is that a sign that it was a mistake? No. No. He bailed on you because he was scared that you were gonna bail on him eventually, right? Yeah, pretty much. Well, then he was coming from a place of fear... in life. You know what? Can I actually get some of that organic sugar scrub? It looks good. Graham is kind of a paranoid guy. Right. He's a wuss. (Laughs) And you... you're the kind of person that has lived in, what, like three continents? Four. Four. So... (Snorts) This dude's not for you. Ah! Oh! Excuse me, is it too late to change my mind about the shoulder rub? (Sighs) You okay, Brenna? Yeah. Yeah, I just wasn't expecting this. We still need to run some more tests to make sure you're the best possible match for this specific patient, but we only do that if you agree to go through the whole process. Who's the patient? I actually don't know. The donation process is anonymous. But if they're reaching out to you, somebody who's under eighteen,  it sounds like they need a bone marrow transplant  and you're probably their only hope. So I could... Save their life? Quite possibly. Then I'm in. Why don't you take the night to think about it? Do you need to know right now? Not at all. I'm seeing April tomorrow for some routine blood work, so you can give her your final decision and she can pass the message on to me. In the meantime, just do some more reading about the process. It's still a very big decision. All the time that you'll have to devote to the process, the tests leading up to it... it's a big sacrifice for somebody your age. Enduring some pain to help somebody get what they need is not an easy decision. Um... (Sighs) Okay, hilarious, Danny. Where... Danny? (Laughs) Hey! Oh my God. What are you doing here? I thought you might be working late, so I brought you some crumbs and chowder. Thank you. You didn't have to do that. Um, are you wearing nail polish? Oh, well, yeah. Anything to make Beth not cry. (Laughs) Thank you so much for taking care of her for me. I feel terrible I couldn't do it myself, especially 'cause today has been a bust and I'm supposed to go meet Natalie for drinks tonight, but I'm gonna have to bail. I can't leave until I break a story. Why? Because Danny has been stalking every fire and police station in town. I'm sure he has something by now. Okay, so he gets more stories today. Tomorrow's a new day with new stories, right? Yeah, but today we're even, so tomorrow he'll be ahead. Oh... man. That sounds intense. Having to win every single day. It's exhausting. Well, I'll let you get back to it. Mwah! Thank you. I've been staring at these for far way too long. All the ugly stuff is starting to look cute. Agreed. I just put a necklace with angel wings in my shopping cart. Take it out immediately. And then we're gonna check out, okay? On the count of three. One, two... Wait. Should I put your place as my mailing address? Yeah. Sure. It's so weird that we don't have that much time at home before we graduate. Like, next year may be the last year you're living here. Yeah. And I guess it would have been my last year at my place. But, uh, I'm not gonna live with my parents anymore. Ever. But it's okay. It's gonna be fun. We're already having fun. Hey, can I tell you something? I... I didn't know how to bring this up before, but my mom actually said no... About you moving in for real. Why didn't you tell me sooner? I don't know. I just didn't want to upset you. Are you mad? No, not at all. It was a lot to ask. I'll be fine with my dad. Yeah, totally. Where are you off to? Home. It's only 7:30. Yep, I'm gonna meet up with my half-sister. But did you see I broke a big story today? Mm-hmm. And Danny broke three. That's good for him, and good for the "Post." You have a great night. I'll see you tomorrow. Oh. There you are. I've got to show you this funny video that Sam sent me. It's this turtle who pokes his head out of his shell every time Jay-Z says the b-word. Oh, you don't even know who Jay-Z is, do you? God, give me some credit, Mom. Here. Show me. Why are you looking at flights to Cleveland? Oh, well, there's a conference on the psychology of illness. George is giving a talk. So you got in touch with him about the books? I just decided to act like things were normal and hope they would be. Did it work? I think so. We had a really nice conversation. It just all felt like it did before things got so complicated. And then he mentioned in passing about giving this talk and... I don't know... I thought it would be kind of fun to surprise him. Not in a romantic way. It just feels like a good first step back towards where we used to be. That's great. Viva Cleveland! Really? I didn't know what you would think. I know you had issues before about George, and George and me. My problem before was that you didn't know what you wanted. I mean, you were stuck in the past. I never thought you'd clean out that locker, but you did. And then you had that affair at the office. How did you know about that? April and I have no secrets. But my point is, you just seem so much lighter now, and that makes me happy. Well, that's very sweet. (Chuckles) Okay, admit it. Falling in love has definitely made you a nicer person. Yeah. Well, there's a downside to everything. (Laughs) Show me the video. Thank you. I'm glad you wanted to check out this bar with me. Thanks for inviting me. I was kind of surprised. I'm not really the go-to girl for checking out cool bars. Yeah, well, I just figured we hadn't hung out in a while, so... So yeah, first, just to, like, get this out of the way, um... This thing came up recently and I didn't want to make a big deal out of it, but it always feels weird to bring up anything serious over text. Anything serious? It's not even that serious. It's just that... Dominic and I are seeing each other. Um... Yeah. At first I thought it was just a friends thing... At first? How long has this been going on? We haven't been hooking up that long... Okay, you guys are just hooking up. That makes way more sense. Why does that make more sense? You think Dominic couldn't possibly want to date me for real? I shouldn't even have to ask you for permission. You're not with him. And you have a boyfriend! What, were you trying to save Dominic for later? No, I'm didn't say that. I'm over Dominic. Then why are you even making... Because it's weird! And we're family! So family members are supposed to deprive each other of happiness just to protect their own egos? Sorry. I already spent 22 years of my life feeling like I'm losing a man to you. I'm not doing it again. That was different. That was neither of our faults. This isn't either! This is two people who want to be together. I'm sorry if you don't think I don't deserve to be with somebody like him, but that's not for you to say. I'm gonna leave now. Because if I have a drink, I'm just gonna get mean. (Scoffs) Hi. Hi. Didn't think you'd still be here, since it's after lunch. Probably have a gal pal to meet for happy hour. Okay, I know that you don't think I should have left when I did last night, but I don't want you to think that I'm slacking or anything. This job is a huge priority for me. But is it your first priority? Old April would have answered "yes" 30 seconds ago. Can we just agree that there are different models of success? I respect how you got where you are and your decision not to have a romantic partner, but... I'm not single. I thought you said you walked away from the picket fence. I meant I don't have a traditional relationship. Samir and I don't even live in the same country. He's a correspondent in Afghanistan. Wow. That must be really hard. It's actually ideal. No one is ever disappointed. No guilt trips if we can't talk every day. And the eight-hour time difference is perfect. When I'm going to bed, he's getting up. That's when we talk on the phone. You must worry about him, though. I mean, it's still pretty dangerous over there. I'd rather he take risks and do a job he loves than be stuck in a boring nine-to-five job he hates. Maybe some of us just aren't meant to put our work first like that. I love this job just as much as I did before I got sick. The only difference now is that I love the rest of my life that much too. Maybe this sounds dramatic, but when I was in the hospital, I had a lot of time to think about how I want to be remembered. And I definitely want to be remembered as a great reporter. But I also want to be a great daughter, friend and girlfriend, too... If that's even humanly possible. I guess we'll see if it is. (Rock music playing) ♪ The wind is at your back... ♪ Hey! Hi. I thought your dad was picking you up earlier to pack. Isn't that why you left before me? Uh, no. I lied. I was meeting the delivery guy. Are you taking this to Nantucket? (Laughs) No, it's for you... And your family. I thought it was a poetic way to say goodbye, since it's sort of how we first bonded. On the tennis courts. I love it. Thank you. ♪ That everything you are ♪ 
♪ Hey! ♪ - ♪ Is beautiful... ♪ You have to keep in touch. We'll see if I get service on my private island. (Laughs) So if we're doing this like the first time, I'm about to kick your ass, huh? I'm not that sentimental. ♪ Is beautiful ♪ 
♪ Hey! ♪ 
♪ Beautiful ♪ - ♪ Hey! ♪ 
♪ Hey! ♪ 
♪ Beautiful ♪ - ♪ Hey! ♪ (Piano music playing) Hi there, ma'am. Checking in for the convention? No, I'm actually checking in to the hotel, but I am here to support one of the speakers. Husband? Nope. Just my brother-in-law. Okay, well, once you've checked into your room, if you want to find him, I know there's welcome drinks for panelists at the bar right now. Oh. Thanks. Well, cheers again to your big week. You killed it. Thanks. Mm! And my condolences to you. I know you wanted some of that scoop. You forget, I'm not like you. I don't see your success as my failure. Well, that's just weird. (Laughs) I'm gonna take off. Where you headed next? Uh... back to the office. Really? Is 10 bucks enough? No, it's on me. Oh. Thanks. Have a nice night. I will. ♪ You miss everything ♪ 
♪ oh, in my sight ♪ 
♪ all this revelry ♪ 
♪ waiting for you ♪ 
♪ tell me everything ♪ 
♪ is all right ♪ 
♪ we'll be... ♪ Dr. Hamburg :  Hey, Bubs. Yeah, no, I'm coming home early. I know. (Laughs) I might actually get six hours of sleep tonight. (Laughing) Well, that all depends. What'd you make for dinner? You know, honey, let me call you when I get outside. Okay. Glad I caught you on your way out. Yeah, you always do. The patient file you wanted. Thank you. Hey, did those numbers stop dropping? Can you ask the on-call nurse if we have a bed? Of course. (Door closes) (Folk music playing) (Sighing) ♪ When you're weary ♪ 
♪ and haunted ♪  ♪ when your life is... ♪ (Beeping)  ♪ Not what you wanted... ♪ (Clicks) April's voice :  Hey, this is April Carver. Leave a message. - (Beeps) Hi, April. It's Dr. Hamburg. Um, I would love to see you tomorrow morning for a follow-up, so give me a call when you get this. I hope you have a great night. ♪ I... ♪ 
♪ Hurt too ♪ 
♪ I... ♪ 
♪ Hurt too. ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 