Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x12 - Infamy - Revenge 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x12 - Infamy https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=7&t=10669 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/13/12 05:24 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x12 - Infamy 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Revenge"... 
 Daddy! 
 (Emily) When I was a child, my father was framed for a crime he didn't commit. 
 Daddy! Amanda! 
 Amanda Clarke no longer exists. 
 Before he died, he left a road map for revenge that led me to the people who destroyed our lives. 
 I'd like to introduce you to Amanda Clarke. 
 What brings you to town? 
 I just came for a visit, but I'm thinking of making it more permanent. 
 (Charlotte) Jack's a real keeper. 
 You should try to hold on to that one. 
 That's the plan. 
 You've had a target on my head since the day we met. 
 (Grunts) 
 (Grunt) 
 (Crying) 
 (Emily) For the average person leading an ordinary life, fame holds an hypnotic attraction. 
 (Continues crying) 
 Many would sooner perish than exist in anonymity. 
 But for the unlucky few who've had notoriety forced upon them, infamy can be a sentence more damning than any prison term. 
 (Daniel) Hey. 
 Good book? 
 Riveting. 
 Another late night at the empire? 
 I share a last name with the C.E.O. 
 You'd think I'd have less to prove, not more. 
 I'm sure your dad's happy to see you taking it so seriously. 
 Well, he'd better be. 
 I've decided to put business school on hold and stay with the company. Wow. That's big news. 
 Yeah. 
 Good news? 
 Uh... 
 Been pretty rattled about what happened with Tyler. 
 And she's all alone up at the house and was hoping maybe I'd move back in for the summer. 
 (Inhales deeply) 
 Well, it's... 
 Not like we wouldn't still see each other. 
 You think I should do it? 
 I... 
 Think she's your mother. 
 (Sighs) 
 When the season's over, I was thinking, maybe you and I could get a place in the city. 
 I mean, we've already been kind of living together. 
 Which has been wonderful. 
 But I never really imagined that I would get a place with somebody until I was married. 
 My parents were actually... 
 Pretty traditional. 
 And keeping those traditions alive, I... 
 I feel like I'm honoring them in a small way. 
 Yeah. I get it. 
 But don't get me wrong. I love you, and I want to be with you, just in the right way. 
 Of course, one doesn't often consider the role of inspiration in the work of nonfiction writing. 
 In my admittedly biased opinion, that is an oversight. 
 It is very much a factor of my work. 
 Only it comes from without, not from within... from the deceits perpetrated by the worst among us. 
 My subjects are always my inspiration. 
 What a tool. (Applause) 
 Mm. Exactly. 
 (Indistinct conversations) 
 Oh... Mason. 
 Thank you. (Kisses) 
 So well done. 
 Thank you so much, and thank you for coming. 
 Victoria. 
 I didn't know you knew Mason Treadwell. 
 Oh, we're thick as thieves. And who might you be? 
 Mason, this is my neighbor... Emily Thorne. 
 I own the house that David Clarke was arrested in. 
 You don't say? 
 It's an incredible story. 
 Really amazing book. I-impeccably researched. 
 (Chuckles) Would you mind? 
 Sure. Thank you. 
 You know, if you aren't already on the list, Victoria kindly offered her home for a reading of my unpublished memoirs this weekend. 
 You should drop in. 
 I would love to. 
 May I introduce you to my friend... Nolan Ross? 
 (Indistinct conversations continue) 
 A friend that needs no introduction... 
 "wired" magazine's man of the decade, number seven on "Forbes'" youngest billionaires. 
 Well, six, actually, but who's counting? 
(Chuckles) 
 (Emily and Jason laugh) 
Nolan, what brings you here? 
 As a result of recent events, it occurred to me that I could die at any time. 
 Yes, I heard that little deviant Tyler left you bound and gagged. 
 (Nolan) Oh, it'd be a shame if I left this mortal coil without anyone knowing the real me. 
(Chuckles) 
 Sounds like you're in the market for a biographer. 
 Not just any biographer. (Chuckles) 
 Why don't you stop by the cottage, and we'll discuss the possibilities? 
 Oh, charming. 
 Quite a turnout. 
 (Laughs) 
 Thank you. 
 Ta ta. Okay. They're lovely. 
 Mason, could you come to the house for lunch? 
 There's something I'd like to discuss with you. 
 How could I refuse? 
 ♪ 
 (Telephone rings) 
 Thank you. 
 Stowaway. 
 Jack, it's Emily. 
 Emily. 
 How are you? 
 I'm good, thanks to you and Daniel. 
 I just wanted to call and say thanks again for intervening. 
 What you guys did was really brave. 
 Well, at the end of the day, there were no bullets in the gun, so... 
 No big deal. 
 How's Amanda? 
 She's, uh, she's okay. 
 Yeah. She, uh... 
 It was a little weird, all that stuff Tyler said about her dad, but she'll be... she'll be fine. 
 (Laughs) I gotta go. 
 I'll, uh, I'll talk to you later. 
 Bye, Jack. 
 Bye. 
 ♪ 
 Where's little brother? 
 I let him go. 
 (Laughs) 
 Field trip with his girlfriend. 
 Prep school registration. 
 We need a field trip. 
 What about Atlantic City? 
 (Chuckles) 
 A little gambling, a little clubbing, a little trouble. 
 Mm. Sounds great. 
 Unfortunately, I've got a bar to run. 
 (Clicks tongue) Snoozefest. 
 (Laughs) 
 Don't you get tired of doing the same thing every night, seeing the same people, listening to the same music? 
 Comes with the territory. 
 Come on. Be impulsive. 
 Unplan your life. 
 Amanda... 
 I'm sorry. 
 I can't. 
 ♪ 
 I wonder if you'd say no to Emily Thorne. 
 ♪ 
 (Indistinct conversations) 
 (Door opens and closes) 
 I've always been amazed at how you can make 20,000 square feet feel warm and inviting. 
 (Laughs) 
 Still, without Conrad, it feels somehow empty. 
 Now rumor has it, he's moved in to the southfork. 
 And good riddance. 
 This is one village that won't miss its idiot. 
 (Chuckles) 
 Besides, I didn't bring you here for Conrad. 
 I brought you here for Amanda Clarke. 
 Amanda Clarke? 
 Yes. 
 She's returned to town, and I want you to find out why. 
 How am I supposed to do that? 
 You interviewed her after the trial. 
 Tell her you'd like to talk to her about your memoirs as a way of reflecting on the past. 
 I'm not sure I'm comfortable with that. 
 Then get comfortable with it. 
 You'd still be covering earnings reports in the back pages of the "journal" if it weren't for me. 
 Don't forget it. 
 Trust me, one doesn't easily forget a deal he's made with the devil. 
 (Chuckles) 
 (Chuckles) 
 Fine. I'll talk to her. 
 I'm sure the girl is just here to get some closure. 
 The question is how far she will go to get it. 
 (David's voice) "By the time the trial ended, "every person I once trusted "had turned their back on me. 
 "The only remaining option was to find an impartial observer "to tell my story. 
 I thought Mason Treadwell would be that person." 
 You have to understand the scope of the cover-up. 
 We're talking about people on every level... prosecutors, defense attorneys, friends, coworkers. 
 Well, setting aside the logistics of your theory, why do you think all these people from your everyday life would turn on you so rampantly? 
 Just promises of power, money, political favors. 
 (David) I mean, you name it. 
 And then when I think those didn't work, they used threats. 
 Think about it. 
 If they could put me in here, imagine what else they're capable of. 
 Fascinating footage. 
 Clark seems to be utterly convinced he's telling the truth. 
 In his twisted mind, he is. 
 The general consensus within the psychiatric community is advanced pathological narcissism. 
 Then no element of his story has been borne out by facts? 
 Not a shred. 
 (Pen lid clicks) 
 ♪♪♪ 
 the stowaway tavern. How fitting. 
 ♪ 
 Could I trouble you for a light? 
 Sorry. 
 There's no smoking inside. 
 Come now. 
 There are no patrons inside. Who would possibly object? 
 ♪ 
♪ 
 Oh. It's after 11:00. Why not? 
 I'll have a Gibson. 
 A Gibson? 
 (Chuckles) Are you for real? 
 Oh, yes. 
 (Chuckles) 
 ♪ 
 You don't remember me, do you... Amanda? 
 Should I? 
 (Chuckles) I wouldn't have recognized you either. 
 It's been a long time. 
 Mason Treadwell. 
 I interviewed you when you were a little girl. 
 A couple of times, actually. 
 It was for my book about your father... 
 "the society connection." 
 Right. Mason. 
 I'm sorry. Uh... 
 There's a lot I don't remember about that time in my life. 
 Oh, of course. 
 Ahh. 
 So, um... 
 What brings you here? 
 I could ask you the same question. 
 Actually, I was hoping that you and I could sit down and talk about that. 
 I'm, uh, finishing up my memoirs, and I would love to include a... 
 Reprise chapter of sorts about you. 
 ♪ 
 Tomorrow? 
 At my house? 
 ♪ 
 Well, you'll be happy to hear that your prenup is well on its way to being nullified due to duress. 
 Thank you, Ryan, for going above and beyond on that one. 
 Where do we stand with Charlotte? 
 Well, at this time, there's no compelling legal argument to force her back home with you, but believe me, I'll continue to dig. 
 Right now my main concern is your interest in Grayson Global. 
 It seems Conrad is seeking to divest you of your stock in the company. 
 Is he insane? 
 Someone needs to remind that man that I earned every single one of those shares, and without me, he wouldn't have... he's not insane. 
 He's strong-arming. 
 But before we go into the ring with them on this, I think it'd be wise if we set up a little insurance policy. 
 We need Conrad to restore Daniel's access to his grandfather's trust. 
 You're asking me to involve my son in this? 
 Well, by his own declaration, he's already involved. 
 And he's on your side. 
 Combine Daniel's shares with yours... 
 And we control the company. 
 Right. 
 Unfortunately, we can't simply ask Conrad to release Daniel's stake in the firm to him. 
 He'd put together the pieces immediately. 
 But we're not going to ask. Daniel is. 
 Then it becomes a simple question of loyalty... 
 Conrad's to Daniel, and Daniel's to you. 
 (Clock ticks) 
 What'd you think of the campus? 
 Big. Expensive. 
 It seems more like a college than a prep school. 
 Kind of is. 
 (Sighs) My schedule is gonna be brutal... calculus, A.P. Physics, A.P. French... 
 I thought I tested out of French... debate, tennis, and I have to read "Paradise Lost" before literary society in two weeks. 
 Yeah, well, you weren't kidding, were you? 
 About what? 
 Well, you know, after the summer, I'm never gonna see you again. 
 I was exaggerating. 
 I'll have time off for Thanksgiving... 
 Unless I go to Geneva with the model U.N. Team. 
 Great. 
 I'll see you at Christmas. 
 Don't be like this, Declan. 
 Believe it or not, I can be quite the multitasker. 
 I believe you. 
 I'm just not sure how I feel about being one of your tasks. 
 (Indistinct conversations) 
 Expecting someone, a date? 
 (Laughs) No. Lawyer. She's late. 
 All right. Well, I'll make this quick. 
 Now that I'm leaving business school and committing myself to the company, I think it's only fair that you release my trust. 
 Mom's agreed to sign off on it, but obviously, I need you to as well. 
 Renegotiating the terms of your employ already? 
 That's, uh... that's the Grayson way. 
 Well, consider it a show of faith. 
 I'm ready to take my seat at the table. 
 Well, all right, then. 
 I'll have the lawyers get into it. 
 Am I interrupting? 
 Oh, no. No, I was just leaving. 
 Thanks, dad. 
 (Indistinct conversations) 
 Yes, sir. 
 So Daniel says that he wants to follow in his old man's footsteps on the condition that I reactivate his trust. 
 His mother has already agreed to it. 
 (Chuckles) Curious timing, since our request to reclaim her shares just went out this morning. 
 You did say she has a powerful influence over him. 
 Yeah, and if I refuse him outright, she has everything she needs to turn my son against me entirely. 
 So let's give him access to the trust's savings account, but as far as the shares in Grayson Global, let's stipulate they not be valid until he marries or turns 30. 
 Are you sure about the marriage clause? 
 From what you told me, he's getting pretty serious with your young neighbor. 
 My son is easily distracted. 
 It's a family trait. 
 I'd be surprised if that relationship lasts the summer. 
 (Indistinct conversations continue) 
 This cottage belonged to Hemingway for a time. 
 He wrote "The Dangerous Summer" here. 
 It seems that celebrity haunts both our homes. 
 Mm. Very different ghosts, though. 
 And this is, as they say, where the magic happens. 
 All my tomes begin here, on a 1920s Underwood 5, once owned by John Cheever, I'm told. 
 And on those rare occasions that I can't come up with a word, I simply just get out of my chair, and I go and look it up. 
 (Emily chuckles) (Laughs) 
Like the cavemen. 
 Quite the collection. 
 All first editions? 
 I pride myself on rare items. 
 To wit, my sole... 
 Working print of my memoirs. 
 No copies? 
 No, not until the work is complete. 
 I find that duplication somehow compromises the soul of the prose. 
 Yeah. 
 Oh... 
 My subject recordings. 
 You noted the research that went into "Society," well, there it all is... hundreds of hours of one-on-one interviews with the key players. 
 As a fan, you might be interested to know that I'll be reinterviewing David Clarke's daughter for my memoirs. 
 Amanda Clarke? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 How fascinating. 
 (Foreigner's "Hot Blooded" playing) 
 ♪ Well, I'm hot blooded ♪ 
♪ check it and see ♪ 
♪ I got a fever of 103 ♪ 
♪ come on, baby, do you do more than dance? ♪ 
 What do you call that? 
 Being awesome. 
 ♪ ...Blooded, I'm hot blooded ♪ 
 I totally want to kiss you right now. 
 Not while my boyfriend's watching. 
 ♪ Now it's up to you ♪ 
 Hey, uh, maybe tone it down a little bit. 
 Just keeping the customers happy. 
 I know, but there's a line. 
 This isn't like other places you've worked. 
 Whatever you say, boss. 
 ♪ Like you never knew ♪ 
♪ that's why I'm ♪ 
 (Crowd cheers) 
 ♪ Hot blooded, check it and see ♪ 
 All right, bargain shoppers. 
 It's time for the blue light special. 
 $1 shots. Put your cash on the bar and open your pretty little mouths. 
 (Crowd cheering) 
 (Chuckles) 
 ♪ 
♪ if it feels all right ♪ 
 (Man) Where's my beer? 
 (Customers) Whoo! 
 Amanda's fun, isn't she? 
 Mm-hmm. Crowd seems happy. 
 Yeah. 
 Any happier, the city might have to shut us down. 
 ♪ Give me a sign ♪ 
 We just killed the pilsner. 
 Okay, just give me a second. 
 I'm sorry. Um... 
 Can I get you two a table or... 
 Maybe a room? 
 Actually, I came to talk to you, Amanda. 
 Do you have a second? 
 I'll go switch out that keg. 
 Level with me... is there something going on between you and Jack? 
 What? No. Jack and I are just friends. 
 You know that. 
 I'm not sure he believes that. 
 Are you kidding me? He's head over heels for you. 
 All he talks about is how happy you make him. 
 So what did you want to talk about? 
 Outside? 
 I could use some fresh air and another drink. 
 (Laughs) 
 No, I'm good, but you go ahead. 
 Come on. What happened to the girl who used to stockpile pudding cups so she could bribe sergeant cankles for a bottle of Tequila? 
 She's still here, believe me. 
 Really? 
 ♪ 
 To the girls of cell block "d." 
 (Clinks) 
 ♪ 
 (People speaking indistinctly) 
 (Exhales deeply) 
 (Exhales) How come you didn't tell me that Mason Treadwell tracked you down and tried to sweet talk you into an interview? 
 That's not exactly how it happened, but so what? 
 You trusted me to be you for ten years. 
 What's so different about this guy? 
 (Clicks) 
 Treadwell's a bottom-feeder who made millions off of lies that he wrote about my father. 
 What are you talking about? 
 I thought your father was a cold-blooded killer. 
 So did I, because of what was written in that book. 
 Are you telling me, your father wasn't guilty? 
 I'm telling you, there's more to the story. 
 But I can't prove it unless you help me. 
 (Lighter clatters) 
 What do you want me to do? 
 (Doug Paisley's "No One But You" Playing) 
 (Jack) Hey. 
 Hey. 
 So how was your visit to the land of entitled teenagers? 
 Oh, awesome, and maybe the last time I'll see my girlfriend, but speaking of girlfriends, looks like Amanda was in rare form last night. 
 Oh, God. You heard about that? 
 Oh, I did more than hear about it. 
 My phone's been blowing up all day, and this is my personal favorite shot... 
 ♪ 
 
 
 
 (Sighs) Right here. 
 I am in way over my head with this girl. 
 No. No, no, no. 
 You need someone who's gonna force you to loosen up. 
 She's a forcer. 
 She's definitely a forcer. 
 Listen to me for once, okay? 
 You're too tightly wound for a guy your age. 
 You keep going like this, you're gonna end up like dad. 
 (Slaps back) All right? 
 ♪ Picked yourself up for the ones that you call ♪ 
 (Grunts) 
 (Shell casings clattering) 
 Did I mention that I've never done this before? 
 It helps if you keep at least one eye open. 
(Buzzer sounds) 
 Why'd you bring him here again? 
 He's dangerous. 
 He was pretty traumatized after the whole Tyler thing... being held hostage in his own home. 
 (Clicks) 
 I thought this would make him feel safe again. 
 (Paper rustles) 
 (Shell casings clatter) 
 Oh, somebody loves their second amendment. 
 Dad and I spent a lot of time here when I was younger. 
 Good times. 
 Beat that. 
 (Shell casings clattering) 
 Best of three? 
 Ah, I can't, baby. 
 My dad set up a meeting with a prospective investor. 
 Wanna come by after? 
 Uh, actually, I have something I need to take care of. 
 All right. Uh, well, I'll see you when I see you. 
 Okay. 
 Bye, Dan. 
 Nolan. 
 (Door opens) 
 Wow. (Door closes) 
 First you're evicting the guy, and now you're blowing him off? 
 Well, you know what they say... absence makes the heart grow fonder. 
 (Chuckles) 
 And I wasn't lying. 
 I do have plans. So do you. 
 Really? 
 Mason's interviewing Amanda. 
 I want to make sure we control the story. 
 Control plus Amanda equals a recipe for disaster. 
 Why do you want to involve her? 
 I thought this retribution had to do with what Treadwell wrote about your father. 
 Clearly there's more to the story. 
 Inquiring minds want to know. 
 Treadwell started out as a reporter covering the downing of flight 197, only back then, he didn't go by Mason. 
 His real name was... 
 Leo Treadwell. 
 I'm a journalist. 
 How do you like it here, Amanda? 
 I'm told that your prior foster home was destroyed by a fire. 
 How terrible. 
 Sometimes bad things happen to good people. 
 Indeed. 
 I'm here because your father says he's innocent, that he didn't do what they're saying. 
 But they proved it in court. 
 Courts have been known to make mistakes. 
 Do you think they made a mistake, Amanda? 
 (Lowered voice) I have to say he's guilty... 
 Or they'll put me away, just like him. 
 I am not gonna let that happen. 
 I keep this here where they can't find it. 
 I don't think he did it. 
 (Lowered voice) I don't either. 
 How'd you like to help me rescue your father? 
 (Emily) But the book he published might as well have been written by the graysons... all the same lies. 
 What's worse is he made me believe them. 
 So how do you make the punishment fit this particular crime? 
 (Clicks) 
 (Shell casings clattering) 
 (Indistinct conversations) 
 The C.E.O. is a client. 
 Daniel, welcome. 
 Sofie Arnault, meet my secret weapon... Daniel. 
 Nice to meet you. Hi. 
 Sofie's grandfather is Farris Arnault... of Arnault Offshore. 
 The one and only. 
 And I'm afraid... 
 I have another meeting to get to, so I'll leave you in the very capable hands of my son. 
 (Front desk bell dings) 
 (Indistinct conversations) 
 I think I know why you're here. 
 You're heavily invested in your family business, which is admirable, but when the euro's in a tailspin, loyalty doesn't pay dividends. 
 You want to diversify. I'm thinking China. 
 Oh, everybody's thinking China. 
 We need to get you ahead of the curve. 
 I like the sound of that. 
(Front desk bell dings) 
 But I must be very careful about who I choose to get into bed with. 
 Well, like my father said, you'll be in good hands. 
 (Indistinct conversations continue) 
 I like the sound of that even more. 
 (Indistinct conversations continue) 
 (Girls) ♪ she just keeps on ♪ 
♪ rolling along ♪ 
 (Knock on door) 
 (Charlotte) Hey, you in there? 
 ♪ No man ever can ♪ 
♪ keep that girl ♪ 
♪ from moving on ♪ 
♪ easy as she comes by ♪ 
♪ easy as she's gone ♪ 
♪ get down, real down ♪ 
♪ crying how ♪ 
♪ I love that girl ♪ 
♪ she's as free as heaven ♪ 
♪ on a breeze ♪ 
 (Mason) You don't mind if I record this, do you? 
 (Clicking) 
 (Amanda) No. 
 So I see you're still a Clarke. 
 Why keep your father's last name? 
 I didn't see much point in hiding who I was. 
 You didn't mind being the daughter of a-a man who financed terrorism? 
 In some ways, it helped me. 
 It showed me who my true friends were. 
 Mm. 
 And now here you are, back at the scene of the crime, nearly two decades later. 
 I would think that the memories are quite painful. 
 Some. 
 On my terms. 
 I won't let the past have power over me... 
 Not anymore. 
 Well, still... (Sighs) 
 Some people perceive you as a victim of the scandal, one who might be carrying a grudge. 
 I'm just trying to be... 
 A good person and live a good life. 
 Lately, I even started thinking about putting down roots. 
 I may even start a family. 
 Look out, Captain Jack. 
 This little birdie's in search of nest. 
 Amanda, stay focused. 
 It's our turn to ask the questions. 
 When you came to see me after my father's trial, you told me to trust you, and I did. 
 I told you the truth... 
 That I had seen my father and Victoria Grayson together, romantically, that there was another man there that night on the porch. 
 Whew. She's good. 
 You were a child. 
 Your mental state was in question. 
 I-I couldn't possibly take your word for it. 
 No. 
 You chose to take hers. 
 And what about your word, Leo? 
 (Lowered voice) I don't think he did it. 
 (Lowered voice) I don't either. 
 How'd you like to help me rescue your father? 
 You didn't print a word of what I said to you. 
 All stories have competing truths. 
 I simply... 
 Settled on the most logical. 
 And you were paid handsomely for that endorsement, I'm sure. 
 Amanda, you're confused. 
 You don't have all the facts. 
 Here are the facts... you and I both know you're a fraud. 
 One way or another, the truth will come out. 
 Stand up, Amanda. Get in his face. 
 Your reading at Victoria's is your last chance to redeem yourself. 
 I suggest you take it. 
 Go, Amanda. 
 Check you out, Cyrano. 
 You've just teed Leo up to blow the lid off the whole conspiracy. 
 (Exhales) 
 I would seem that way, wouldn't it? 
 The Rose Couture or the Herve Leger? 
 Mm. No more bandage dresses. 
 Right. I'll have it burned immediately. 
 Everybody decent? (Knocks on door) 
 Daniel, come in. 
 Hey. 
 Darling. 
 Hey. 
 Ash, can you give us a minute? 
 Of course. 
 Listen, dad threw us a curveball. 
 Now what? 
 He had me meet with this woman, supposedly a prospective investor, but I think he promised her a lot more than financial advice. 
 He set you up on date? 
 Yeah. Sofie Arnault. 
 Oh, well, I'll give him points for taste. 
 Well, it made me suspicious, so I checked the fine print on my trust. 
 It turns out, he had the conditions amended. 
 I get access to the cash, but won't be fully vested in the company until I turn 30 or get married, whichever comes first. 
 Well, it was worth a try. Thanks, darling. 
 The fight's not over, mom. 
 All I need is Emily to say yes, and I collect those shares. 
 No, Daniel. 
 Mom, I love her... so why wait? 
 What do people wait for exactly, a sign? 
 Maybe this is it. People wait for certainty. 
 Did you have that with dad? 
 No, and that's why I want it for you. 
 (Inhales and sighs) 
 Let's discuss this later. 
 I have guests coming and I have to get dressed. 
 I want to be with her, mom, and if it gives you the upper hand against dad, then what's the argument against it? 
 Ashley, are you out there? 
 Yes. 
 Is Emily coming to the reading? 
 Yeah, I think she just arrived. 
 Good. 
 I need you to do something for me. 
 (Doorbell rings) 
 I don't see the guest of honor. Do you? 
 Mm. Maybe he accidentally strangled himself with an ascot. 
 (Chuckles) 
 Emily, walk with me? 
 Sure. 
 Is everything okay? 
 Mason didn't cancel on you, did he? 
 No, he's just running late. This is about Daniel. 
 Did he tell you how Conrad altered the terms of his trust? 
 No. Why would he discuss that with me? 
(Doorbell rings) 
 More importantly, why would he discuss that with you? 
 Well, he didn't. 
 My ears just happened to be in the right place at the right time. 
 The amendment makes it so the only way Daniel can fully access his trust before he turns 30 is to get married. 
 Why are you telling me this? 
 Because you're my friend. 
 If I were you, I would want to know whether or not my boyfriend's motives were pure before he became my fiance. 
 (Indistinct conversations) 
 (Doorbell rings) 
 (Instrumental jazz music playing) 
 (People speaking indistinctly) 
 Where have you been? 
 I've been writing some new material for the reading. 
 Well, you were supposed to call me after you spoke with Amanda Clarke. 
 What did you find out? 
 That she's a very angry girl with a sharp memory. 
 What exactly does she remember? 
 The truth about your relationship with her father. 
 She wants to pull on that thread until it unravels everything, and if that were to happen... 
 I'll go down as one of the biggest frauds in literary history. 
 (Music continues) 
 There are far worse fates. 
 (People speak indistinctly) 
 I'm here to get your side of the story, Mrs. Grayson. 
 Do you have a response to David Clarke's allegations that you two were lovers? 
 Here's my response to you, Mr. Treadwell... if you print a word of that garbage, I will sue you for slander. 
 He says you wrote him a note on the eve of his conviction promising to go to prosecutor kingsly with information that would exonerate him. 
 Clearly no such thing came to pass. 
 So you're denying the existence of that note? 
 And that's the end of the interview. 
 (Button clicks) 
 But it's only just begun. 
 David Clarke's obviously using you to try and sell his preposterous story in a desperate attempt to launch some sort of appeal. 
 And that's something any reporter worth his salt would recognize immediately. 
 We'll have no part of it. 
 As you wish. 
 But I'm going to write this story with or without your input. 
 Feel free to sue me. 
 My only asset is an answering machine brimming over with livid messages from my creditors. 
 You see, I have nothing to lose, Mr. And Mrs. Grayson. 
 While you, it would appear, have plenty. 
 Just a moment, Mr. Treadwell. 
 Perhaps there is an arrangement that can be made after all. 
 The people I bring into my inner circle will always be protected. 
 You will remain in that circle as long as you hold up your agreement. 
 If you choose not to, I guarantee that those memoirs you're so proud of will end in a very dark chapter. 
 "It was nearly 15 years to the day "since the publication of my first book, "the definitive work on David Clarke's role "in the downing of flight 197, "that I found myself sitting across from the daughter "of that now infamous man. 
 "I sat both rapt with wonder "and besieged by guilt "as Amanda recounted for me "the crushing disappointments of a life "spent running from the awesome shadow "of her father's misdeeds. 
 "At the time of her father's incarceration, "she was just 9, "barely able to comprehend much less question "the charges leveled against her father. 
 "But the Amanda Clarke that appeared before me now "was all grown-up "and determined to question everything. 
 "Her misgivings were contagious "and forced me to take a long look back, "to sift through every word I had written "in search of any mistakes that demanded correction. 
 "Could it be true? 
 Could I have been wrong about David Clarke?" 
 The answer, I'm afraid to say... 
 Was a resounding... 
 No. 
 (People murmuring indistinctly) 
 Spineless, seersucking dilettante. 
 You know, I haven't been this disappointed since "Phantom Menace"? 
 You didn't actually think he'd come clean, did you? 
 Well, didn't you? 
 No. Victoria has too much power over him. 
 Then... 
 Why go to the trouble of having Amanda threaten him? 
 I have my reasons. 
 Oh. 
 Spill. 
 You just need to take him to dinner. 
 Tell him you want to hire him to write your biography and take him somewhere out of the way. 
 I'm gonna need time. 
 Time for what? 
 You'll know it when you see it. 
 (Car horn honks) 
 (Honk) 
 (Footsteps approach) 
 (Grunts) 
 So... you have anywhere special in mind? 
 Oh, someplace cozy. 
 I prefer, uh, getting to know my subjects in intimate environments. 
 This should be fun. 
 Mm. 
 (Engine turns over) 
 (Fasten seat belt alert beeps) 
 We should've seen a countermove like this coming. 
 Conrad is many things, paranoid first among them. 
 The new conditions on Daniel's trust don't mean we have to change our strategy. 
 You said Daniel broached the subject of marrying Emily. 
 Give him your blessing, take control of the company. 
 The company is far less important to me than my son. 
 You said this was going to be an insurance policy. 
 I'm trying to protect your future. 
 And I'm protecting my son's. 
 I will not have him rushing into a marriage with a woman I don't even trust. 
 Sounds like he's already made up his mind. 
 You stand in his way, you risk losing the alliance you've built. 
 Conrad only stipulated marriage, not a successful one. 
 Your son wants to rush into this, let him. 
 ♪♪♪ 
 (Man) ♪ my darlin' ♪ 
 Hey. 
 Whoa. 
 Somebody die? 
 (Chuckles) 
 Yeah. 
 Yeah, old, uptight Jack. 
 ♪♪♪ 
 Look... 
 I'm sorry about the other night. 
 You were just, uh... 
 You were just trying to show everyone a good time, and I should've rolled with it. 
 You're not repulsed by my behavior? 
 No. 
 No, actually, I envy you. 
 ♪♪♪ 
 You're... you're spontaneous and fun. 
 And you got that gene that allows you to leap without looking. 
 ♪♪♪ 
 I wish I was more like that. 
 (Chuckles) 
 You forgive me? 
 Depends. 
 What's with the bowl of cash? 
 It's our tips from this week. 
 (Clanks) 
 Over 500 bucks thanks to the hottest bartender in Montauk. 
 Yeah. 
 Bull really packs the house. 
 (Laughs) 
 Darlin'... 
 Find something sexy to wear, 'cause I'm gonna take you to Atlantic city, and you're gonna watch me turn $500 into $5,000. 
 Serious? As a heart attack. 
 (Laughing) 
 ♪ Arms ♪ 
♪ around me ♪ 
 (Glass clatters) 
 People are fond of saying that you can't unring a bell. 
 (Crying) 
 And while that may be true... 
 You can certainly smother its ring under the dull roar of conjecture and lies. 
 (Continues crying) 
 (Crackling) 
 (Clanks) 
 But some words ring out like church bells, rising above the din, calling us to the truth. 
 (Flames roar) 
 (Fire crackling) 
 I know it's getting late, but you must come in for a nightcap. 
 Oh, yes, I must. 
 I have 80-year-old bottle of madeira that we can use to toast our new endeavor. 
 (Glass shatters) 
 What in God's name... 
 (Gasps) No. 
 (Voice breaks) No. 
 No! 
 No. (Crying) 
 No! No! 
 (Flames boom) 
 No. No! 
 Oh, my God. 
 Oh, no. 
 No. No. 
 Bad girl. 
 (Mason crying) My manuscript. My work. 
 (Sirens wailing) 
 Oh, my God. No. 
 (Gem Club's "Red Arrow (John)" playing) 
 (Continues crying) 
 ♪ I watched you as you slept ♪ 
 Hi. 
 ♪ Red arrows fell ♪ 
 Hi. 
 ♪ All around us ♪ 
 Suddenly my bed feels awfully empty and cold. 
 ♪ She came in ♪ 
 I was just thinking the same thing. 
 ♪ I knew you were the one ♪ 
 Just so we're clear... 
 I'm still firm on the whole "no living together" thing. 
 So you're just coming to hook up and leave? 
 That's the idea. 
 I'm good with that. 
 ♪♪♪ 
 (Clatters) 
 Some words are immortal. 
 Long-buried or even burned, they're destined to be reborn, like a Phoenix rising from the ashes. 
 (Clicking) 
 (David) I'm telling you, she was gonna leave Conrad, and we were gonna become a family. 
 Victoria's denying all of it. 
 Gotten to her somehow. 
 It doesn't mean anything without proof. 
 What about the letter she wrote me? 
 It was unsigned. 
 It could've been sent by anybody. 
 (Emily) And when they do... 
 It can literally take your breath away. 
 Six months ago, Victoria gave birth to a baby girl. 
 Her name is Charlotte you want proof that I'm telling the truth? 
 Ask her who the father is? 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 