Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x06 - Intrigue - Revenge 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x06 - Intrigue https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=7&t=10663 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/27/11 20:25 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x06 - Intrigue 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [Jack] Previously on  Revenge: 
 [screaming] Daddy! 
 [Emily] When I was a child, my father was framed for a crime he didn't commit. 
 Amanda! 
 Amanda Clarke no longer exists. 
 Before he died, he left a roadmap for revenge, that led me to the people who destroyed our lives. 
 [Nolan] Lydia Davis is onto you. 
 How could you know all of this? 
 I might've bugged your house. 
 I came to apologize. 
 For sleeping with my husband or for blackmailing us? 
 Just hoping to find a really good reason to stick around. 
 Why would you lie to me about Emily canceling our date? 
 I was just trying to help. 
 Don't. 
 [gasping] 
 [screaming] 
 [Lydia screaming] 
 Emily, where the hell are you? I think Frank just killed Lydia. 
 [Emily] They say vengeance taken will tear the heart and torment the conscience. 
 If there's any truth to it, then I now know with certainty that the path I'm on is the right one. Hi. How is it possible for you to wake up looking this good? It isn't. You're just half asleep. Then come here, I like this dream. [knocking at door] Don't answer. They'll go away. Hold that thought. What the hell are you doing? What the hell are you doing? Don't you check your voicemail? Why, what happened? Lydia's in a coma. The Graysons' security guy threw her off her balcony last night. Oh, my God. Will you let me in? I've got the whole thing on video. Daniel's upstairs. Hm. Bravo. Get rid of him. Hey, look who finally closed the girl next door. How was she? [chuckles] Fine, be that way. What are you getting all suited up for? It's 4th of July weekend. Your dad's working from the home office today and I offered my services over breakfast. Regular employee of the month. Well, since you decided to bail on the internship, I'm dealing with twice the pressure. Something tells me you'll do just fine. Thanks. But don't worry, it's not all work and no play. I've got an epic weekend planned for us. AXE Lounge tomorrow, after party at South Pointe. Surf Lodge tonight... I can't tonight. Got plans with Emily. Dude, you've already got her on the hook. You need to let the line out a little bit. I mean, if you hang out with her two nights in a row, she's gonna start to think it's serious. Good. That's the idea. [chuckles] [Frank] It was all you. Destroying Senator Kingsly, Dr. Banks, Bill Harmon. You really take that "woman scorned" thing seriously. [Lydia] What are you talking about? Get out! [grunting] - [Lydia screaming] [Lydia] Help! Somebody help! [Lydia screaming] - [crashing] That thud you hear... is the sound of Lydia hitting the roof of the taxi five stories down. I can't believe she survived. I can't believe I survived. Victoria, it's Frank. I have some bad news to report. Lydia Davis just jumped off her balcony. Call me when you get this. You know, if I'd shown up one minute earlier, that psychopath would've caught me. Yeah, but he didn't. And you made it out with the list and the video camera. And this. We got lucky. You might want to revisit your definition of "lucky" in the dictionary. Lydia might die because of us. If Lydia dies, it's because she sold her soul to the Graysons. This wasn't supposed to happen. I didn't set any of this in motion, they did. Fine. Let's say she survives. Wakes up tomorrow remembering only one thing: this picture. Eventually, someone's going to find you out. Not if they believe it's all been Frank. As far as the Graysons know... Lydia attempted suicide. When they see this video, they'll know that Frank lied to them. Let's send a copy to the police. No police. Frank dug his own grave. All we need is for Victoria and Conrad to bury him in it. You still have 15 invitees listed as "maybes." I'll e-mail reminders today. Well, this 4th of July party is a Hampton tradition for 20 years. Anyone who needs reminding shouldn't come. OK. I thought we might set the dessert buffet here in the conservatory rather than out on the lawn. It can get quite buggy. Fine. How would you like to acknowledge Lydia's absence? Maybe an open seat at your table in a show of support? Hm. Let's send her a supportive bouquet of flowers to the hospital. That should suffice. I have some errands to run. Carry on. OK. Morning, beautiful. How's the dragon lady today? She's not quite herself today, I'm afraid. Hm. Well, that should be a good thing, right? Hm. Theoretically, under the right set of circumstances, but these are definitely not them. How's dinner at East Hampton Point sound? Like today can't be over soon enough. Then it's a date. Damn it. What? I promised Daniel that we'd hang out tonight. He wants to talk about the troubles with his dad. I... I hate to see him fall off the wagon again. Far be it for me to stand in the way of that. Emily should be free. I'll just give her a call. Wait, why don't we just make it a double date? What do you think? It's a brilliant idea. Great, you work it out with the princess, I'll talk to Daniel and make a reservation for four. [soft rock song plays] What's up, Dec? Skipper? We're not open yet. You'd think he'd have our hours of operation down by now, right? Can't a guy hang with his broheim? No. And don't ever call me that. [clearing throat] So... what's the haps with you and Ems? Sounds like Danny boy's starting to pull ahead. There's no "haps." 
I'm just not her type. [scoffs] You're everyone's type. You can't wait for this girl to come to you. Trust me, I know her. Look, you are now competing for an elite piece of Hamptons tail. And with a Grayson, no less. Yeah, a Grayson who we just hired to work here. Don't ask about that. I'm not sure how it happened myself. It happened because your inner gladiator is finally waking up. Poor little rich boy, rebelling against the pressures of having it all. And, deep down, you know that you can turn this fortuitous power shift to your advantage, and Emily will be yours. You're a mental case, you know that? He also happens to be right. When guys like us want girls like that, we gotta fight a little bit harder. Unless... you don't really think she's worth it. [phone ringing] Now, that's plain witchy. Hello. Did you send it? [Nolan] Not yet. File's being encrypted with a CAST-128 algorithm, which takes time. This is brave new territory we're venturing into here. Absolutely sure this is how you want to handle it? I'm sure. Pull the trigger. All right. It was all you. Destroying Senator Kingsly, Dr. Banks. [Lydia] Get out! [grunting] - [Lydia] Help! Somebody help! Dear God... That needs to go in the pool house, please. We just need to put the lanterns over the patio door. That needs to go straight, straight... Yeah. Ashley, this looks fantastic. Very festive. Thanks, although I have to admit it is slightly humiliating having to plan a party celebrating the defeat of England. I don't do well with rejection. Obviously. That was over 200 years ago. Is Daniel in the back? No, he and Tyler went to grab lunch. Hey, I don't know if you have plans tonight, but Tyler thought it might be fun if we all went on a double date. Isn't that sweet? Yeah, so sweet, um... But you know, things are very new with Daniel. We're still kinda getting to know each other. It's kind of hard to do with Tyler around. Oh, my God, you hate him. No, I don't hate him. I just... I don't know him very well. Well, why not get to know him? This is really important to you, isn't it? Yes, it is. I wouldn't be asking if it wasn't. I really like him, Emily, and he is Daniel's best friend. Give him a chance. You're right. Count us in. Super. [light chatter] Hey. What are you, uh... What are you doing here? Your text said you wanted to talk? Yeah, but I... I was gonna come to you. So, did you or didn't you wanna talk? OK, yeah, here is fine. All right, um... So far, I've tried taking you sailing without a boat, got my face bashed in by your ex, and been arrested. So you don't wanna continue this crime spree with me? No, what I want is to take you out on a real date. OK. Great. Did you say "great"? You wanted a different answer? No. How about this weekend? Sure. But my parents throw this big party every year for the 4th and I kind of have to be there. You should come. To your parents' party? I don't think so. But I'm gonna hold you to our date. OK. [soft music plays] [indistinct chatter] Hey, Frank, have a seat. Water. We've been through a lot together. We certainly have. Too much, I think. I think the time has come for us to go our separate ways. Are you firing me? No, firing's not a word I'd use. After 20 years of service, what word would you use? OK. All right. You want to hear the truth? [clearing throat] For whatever reason, you've chosen to show a deeper loyalty to my wife than to me. What are you talking about? Come on. There's only one way Victoria could have found out about the check I wrote to Lydia from the Cayman account and that was from you. Now exactly why you chose to breach my trust, I can only speculate, but the net result is the same no matter how you do the math, Frank. I can't trust you anymore. You can't trust me? You wouldn't be sitting here if it wasn't for me. You'd be in a federal prison, rotting, and David Clarke would still be alive. Which is why I wrote a second check in your name. Now, I think you'll see that it reflects my deepest loyalty and appreciation for what you've done. My jet's all fueled up, ready to take you anywhere you want to go. I suggest you go someplace very far away from here. [knocking at door] Jack, hi. What are you doing here? I can't let this go on any longer. That porch swing's been neglected for long enough. [chuckling] That's really sweet of you. Well, I feel obligated, 'cause I was one of the first people to swing on it. When I was a kid, I knew the family that lived here. It was a little girl and her dad. He always wanted to move it over to that corner, so it would face the sunrise. That would make a lot of sense. Well, he never got around to it, so... Evening, all. Hey, boss. Grayson. Um... Jack came by to fix the porch swing. Nice. Who knew you were a triple threat? Bartender, captain, and handyman. Uh... Daniel and I are going for dinner. I'm gonna grab my purse. OK. So... Looking forward to starting work. Yeah, I wasn't sure you were serious about the job. I was. I am. Good. You know, if I realized that you were free, I would've started you tonight. But that'll have to be tomorrow. Tomorrow's the 4th. Is that a problem? No. I'll be there. Ready. Jack, thank you so much. This has always been one of my favorite sights. You, the sunset... This beautiful piece of the world that we share. That's funny... I was just thinking how it's one of the loneliest places on Earth. Well... Yeah, tonight... tonight, maybe. But tomorrow's a new day. Do you love her, Conrad? I love you. I always have. Well, that's not exactly how Frank tells it. He says that you were obsessed with Lydia. That's because Frank is obsessed with you. Well, that's absurd. Are you going to deny that you had this affair now? No. No, I'm not. I'm saying that everything Frank's been feeding you has been designed to drive a wedge between us. That's exactly what he said you'd tell me. Lydia didn't jump off the balcony, Victoria. She was screaming for help when she went over the edge. What are you saying? [Lydia] Help! Somebody help! [Lydia screaming] - [crashing] Our man Frank was trying to kill her, Victoria. Victoria, it's Frank. I have some bad news to report. Lydia Davis just jumped off her balcony. Call me when you get this. There's no reason to believe that he won't do the same... ...to either of us. In case he does. [soft rock music plays] Really nice wine, Tyler. I can't remember. Is it pronounced Montra-shay or Montra-shet? No idea. I just point to the highest number on the right column and assume it doesn't suck. Well, I don't care how you pronounce it, just keep it coming. Pace yourself, Ash. Sorry, I'm nervous about that party tomorrow night. If it's not up to scratch I'm scared I'm gonna get the ax. You say that every day. No, this is different. Daniel's parents are in a firing mood. They sacked that security guy, Frank Stevens, today. I can't say I'm sad to see him go. Guy was pretty tightly wound. Well, he's their longest standing employee. No one's safe. Listen, I'm sure your party will be a big success. I'm sorry I can't be there to see it. Do you want me to come keep you company tomorrow? I tip my bartenders very well. Smart, Emily, offer him cash. Daddy froze his trust. I think he's ready for a new leash. Ignore him. I'd love your company, but I'd much rather you go to the party. And it might be a good opportunity for you to spend some time with my mother. A necessary evil. Hm. To necessary evils. Cheers. [slow music plays] [light chatter] It's a slow night tonight. Everyone must be saving themselves for the 4th. Must be. Your buddy Rick is still the maitre d' over at Mirko's, right? I want to take Charlotte someplace nice this weekend. You can't afford Mirko's. You can't even afford the jacket you need to walk into that place. Now you're skipping ahead of me here, so can I borrow a couple hundred bucks to take Charlotte to Mirko's? Let me spare you some heartbreak. No. No, that girl's probably got a dozen Ivy League jerks draining their trust funds trying to impress her. Don't waste your time or my money. We still talking about Charlotte or did we move on to your girl issues? Fine, I'll figure it out myself. And so, we're headed to the Berry Islands on a G5, because they're looking for a tax haven and they want me to show them around. I mean, you can get an entire island down there for cheap, like five or six million. Oh, pocket change, really. So why did they ask you to take them around the islands? His parents own one. Oh, so you've been? Me? No. I mean, we were meant to go a couple years ago, around Christmas. I forget why we didn't. Yeah, I think there was a hurricane. Doesn't hurricane season end in November? Weird weather that year. Where do you guys fly into down there? Most of the airstrips are so short. Half are unpaved. I don't know. We just landed. You just landed... on a dirt runway in a 60 million dollar plane? What are you saying, that I'm making this up? I'm saying the last time anyone went down there looking for tax shelters, they had to take a turboprop. And why would anybody want to hide their money in the Bahamas? Their privacy laws were stripped in '06. What's your point? Either you're confused, or you're giving spectacularly bad advice. Forget it. I'm just trying to tell a story. Oh, I believe that. You know what...? Tyler, come on, don't be like that. Me? Why don't you tell your girlfriend to take a step back. Who does she think she's talking to, anyways? That's a very good question. I'm outta here. Sorry, Ashley. 
 
 [Daniel] Tyler, wait up. I don't know what's going on with you lately, but you're becoming a real, grade-A bitch. [gasping] What are you doing here? I just wanted to make sure you were OK. You have to leave, Frank. Conrad would go crazy if he knows you're down here. Conrad doesn't concern me. You're all I care about. Please, he's got a gun. What did he tell you? He didn't tell me anything. He showed me. I saw the surveillance video. And I know what you did to Lydia. What surveillance video? I saw it, Frank. Don't even try to deny it. I'm not denying it. I did it for you. [Conrad] Victoria? Is everything all right? I'm just getting some water. I'll be right upstairs. Morning, Mr. and Mrs. Grayson. Happy 4th. Yeah. God bless America. Is Daniel still sleeping? He must be. Already on a bartender's schedule, and he hasn't even started the job yet. What are you talking about? Oh, I thought you knew. He got a job at a bar in Montauk. The Stowaway? Good God. What possessed him? Well, from what I gathered, Emily thought it would be a good character-building initiative. She's got him wrapped around her finger tighter than a wedding ring. Morning. When were you planning on telling us about your new job, Daniel? Can we discuss this after I have my coffee? Do I really have to explain to you how this might not be the smartest career choice for you? You don't need to explain anything to me anymore. I'm an adult. Since dad cut me off, I need to make my own money. You're just gonna have to trust that I can make my own decisions. Fine, as long as they are your own. If this is just about money... It's not about money. I was gonna mention it to you today. Turns out my work schedule conflicts with your party. Are you telling me that you can't ask them to change your schedule? I'm telling you I don't want to. Do you want me to try talking to him, Mrs. Grayson? Please do. Obviously, anything I have to say carries very little weight with him. Got some interesting news from Ashley last night. The Graysons fired Frank. - Just as you predicted. With Frank out of the way, it'll give me a chance to deal with Tyler. Godspeed. Morning. Hey. I was just about to come see you. Well, Tyler, actually. To apologize. That's not necessary. I mean, let's face it. Sometimes the guy just doesn't know when to shut up. So you're not mad at me? At you? Impossible. What are you doing this morning? I'm on my way to work. Jack's asked me to pull a double shift on my first day. I'm weirdly nervous about it. Hm... Well, I've got just the thing for that. [Daniel] You're gonna make me late for work. [Emily] It'll be worth it. Teddy, right? You manage the building? I do. I heard you guys had quite a scene here the other night. A tragedy's what we had. I just hope Ms. Davis pulls through. She's a real nice lady. Well, I know what she is. I work for Conrad Grayson. Listen, Mr. Grayson left a personal item in the apartment. If it were to turn up, it could be embarrassing. Much appreciate it if you'd let me up to retrieve it. Sorry, the police have it sealed. Ongoing investigation. How many cameras you got working here? One at each entrance, two on each floor. And how far back do they record? Be careful with these little guys, yeah? There you go. Thanks. OK. Thank you, sir. OK... open that up for me. Thank you. Beautiful. There you go. Great. Thanks. [rock music playing] You're late. I know, I'm sorry. I mean, it is technically a holiday. Look, there are a lot of people who actually need a job. If you're not gonna take it... It won't happen again. I promise. I just got caught up in some personal business. What? Nothing. Daniel... ...meet Bull. Bull's gonna take over your training from here. Follow me. Heard you were selling quality market hard-shells. I'm sorry, guys, I just sold the last one, you know? That's funny, 'cause we had a trap that should've been full this morning, but somebody pulled it last night and cleaned us out. You wouldn't know anything about that, would ya? No, I'm sorry. All right! Know what we do to poachers out here? Hey! We got a problem? Dec, come here. Problem is little Tom Thumb pulled our bugs and sold 'em off. That's our money in his pocket. What are they talking about? I don't know. Give him his money. You sold low. This isn't half of what we could've gotten. It's enough. Hey! Hey! Come on now, guys, let's work this out like gentlemen. Now how much would you have gotten for the lobsters? Three hundred. Let's make it four. Next time, you bleed. How could you be so stupid? You don't mess with guys like that. Look, Jack, I need the money. You said it yourself. Charlotte's used to a certain type of lifestyle. I just said that so you'd think twice about getting serious with her, not so you'd roll a lobster boat. You know what? At least I'm trying to do something about it, OK? Not like you. What's that supposed to mean? I mean Emily. You're crazy about her, and you do nothing about it. How you gonna live with yourself knowing you barely even tried? Come on, Jack. You're twice the man he is. Hey, Bull, think you and the new guy can handle the bar tonight? No problem. Call your girlfriend. You're going to that party tonight. And so am I. Freeze it. Thought we were looking for Mr. Grayson. So did I. [up-tempo music plays] [overlapping chatter] Emily. Victoria. Happy Independence Day. You really go all out for this holiday, don't you? Well, there's nothing so precious as freedom, is there? No, there isn't. And you seem particularly untethered tonight. No Daniel? Unfortunately. Well, Tyler said that you encouraged him to take that bar job. I just somehow can't imagine it'll last, but a boy just has to get certain things out of his system until he sees clearly. Hm. Try to enjoy yourself. Ashley. What are you doing here? Daniel's working tonight, remember? I came to support you. And to say that I'm sorry. I don't know what got into me. I behaved so terribly last night. Yes, you did. I'm sorry. Is Tyler around? I owe him an apology, as well. I think Mrs. Grayson dispatched him to the Stowaway in the hopes that he might be able to drag Daniel back to his senses. Isn't that the guy who brought that old dog to your housewarming party? It's Jack Porter. He owns the Stowaway. [Ashley] What on earth is he doing here? [sighs] Nolan. I should have guessed. Excuse me. Hey, what does a guy have to do to get a drink around here, huh? Ty, what are you doing here? Shouldn't you be at the party with Ashley? Well, she's working, so I came to see you. I'm working, too. Look, I didn't mean to belittle the whole bartending thing last night. I feel bad. The truth is... I'm kind of envious. Right. You're forging your own path. Making your own destiny. That's romantic stuff, man. Well, thank you. And if I'm gonna keep you company on your first night, the least you could do is join me for a shot. Absolutely not. Oh, come on! We're christening the  SS Daniel,  navigating the waters of uncertainty in search of his own future. All right, all right, all right. One shot. OK. How about a bourbon, huh? 
[chuckles] Something from the top shelf? This good enough for you? Perfect. Cheers. To the working class. Yeah, I think some of my friends are having a thing later, so... But you guys are having fun, right? [man] Wonderful time. It sure is. Asian markets are in a tailspin, and I can't get my broker on the phone. Any advice before I drown myself in the ocean? Well, too late. Only thing that can save me now is a pretty girl. You'll do. Asian markets? You know, I read the  Journal  on the way over. Well, I'm glad you decided to come. You wanna hit the bar? I gotta tell you something first. You know I can't compete with all this, right? All what? This. Your life. I have no money. I mean, at one point, Jack was gonna sell the bar, and then I would've gotten a piece, but that didn't happen. And, uh, I was glad at the time. You know? Because the bar is an excuse to stay around here, and that means I'll be close to you. But it's also not, because, like I said before, I can't compete. You know what I'm saying? I'm rich, you're not. Who cares? Ah. Your brother moves quick. You, not so much. Thank you. I was hoping I'd find you. What are you doing here? Let me guess, Nolan dragged you along as his plus one. No, no, it was my idea to come. Maybe not a good one. We'll see. Hey, is, uh... Is there somewhere we can go? [overlapping chatter] Oh... Shoot. I'm sorry. Hang on. Hang on... I'm sorry about that. That's OK. I'll take another one. Hey, hey, hey... You all right, Danny? [slurring] Yeah, I don't... [exhaling] I'm kind of out of it all of a sudden. Come here, why don't you sit down. Here... Something's wrong. OK. Yeah, well, I know. You're under a lot of pressure, and you're starting to feel it. You're jumping into this new thing with Emily, your dad cutting you off, and now, starting this new job... He OK? Yeah, yeah. He'll be fine. Is there somewhere he can lie down? [Bull] Yeah. Come on. There you go. There you go. Come on, let's go. [fireworks crackling] [chuckles] I'm sorry to drag you away from the party. I just didn't feel right telling you this over there. Telling me what? Ever since I first saw you... ...I knew there was something about you, and I couldn't put my finger on it... ...until now. [sighing] Look, sometimes... ...you get a boat out on the open water, and you catch a wind, and the sails fill, and she comes to life under you, and it feels like more than just wind and water and vessel. It feels like there's something else going on, something pulling you forward, and surrounding you at the same time. Am I making any sense? You're making perfect sense. It's just... you're saying it to the wrong girl, Jack. I'm seeing Daniel, I thought you knew that. I know. I know, and normally I wouldn't do anything like this. But I feel like this feeling... ...comes along once or twice in a lifetime if we're lucky. Tell me I'm alone in this. Tell me I'm alone in this and I won't bother you again. I'm so sorry, Jack. No, it's, uh... It's OK, I... [sniffling] I just... I just thought... Let me walk you back to the party. No, you don't have to do that. Jack... Don't, don't... Don't feel like you have to say anything. Daniel is... He seems like a nice guy, and I shouldn't have put you on the spot like that. I'm really sorry. Come on, Danny. There. Now that's better, isn't it? OK, now back to this whole Emily thing. You can't be objective, but I can. Hey, hey. She's all wrong for you, man. You don't know her. No, I know. But I know you, Danny. I know you. All right? Now, come on, lay down. There you go. I don't want to lay down. Get off of me! Fine. Have it your way. [grunts] [overlapping chatter] Ooh, ooh... mini beef Wellingtons, do not mind if I do... Thanks. You know what this is? [cocking pistol] We need to talk. Mrs. Grayson. Tyler, what happened to you? [sighs] I was just trying to offer him some guidance. I guess he didn't like what I had to say. Daniel did this to you? Yes, but it wasn't his fault. He'd been drinking, and... I should have known better than to confront him. I don't know what to say. This is not the son I raised. And that's not the friend that I love like a brother. But don't worry, this has just got me more intent on seeing he gets on the right track. I'm gonna get you some bandages. No, I'm sure there's a first aid kit in the pool house. I'll be fine, OK? [indistinct chatter] Whose idea was it to make the video? What? You mean the double rainbow thing? Hell if I know, the guy's a genius. [grunts, coughs] How much is Conrad offering you? Conrad? No, no, wait, wait, wait. You're making a mistake. It's not Conrad you want. It's... [indistinct chatter outside] [Emily] Daniel did that to you, huh? Yeah. Your boyfriend's got a violent streak. You might want to be careful with who you're dealing with. I'm always careful. And I always know who I'm dealing with. Hm. What the hell are you doing in here? Just leaving. Join me, won't you? Frank is here. What? He knows it was me that made the tape. How? Because he's better at this than we are. The guy was about to blow my kneecaps off. You're on your own. [slow rock song plays] Hello? Declan? ♪ You say you stayed at home  ♪ Alone with the flu  [Daniel snoring] [Emily] Like life, revenge can be a messy business. And both would be much simpler, if only our heads could figure out which way our hearts will go. [fireworks crackling] ♪ And walk through the Manhattan valleys ♪ 
♪ Of the dead  ♪ Didn't want to be your ghost ♪ 
♪ Didn't want to be anyone's ghost ♪ 
♪ Didn't want to be your ghost ♪ 
♪ Didn't want to be anyone's ghost ♪ 
♪ But I don't want anybody else ♪ [Emily] But the heart has its reasons, of which reason cannot know. [Frank] Victoria, I know you're there. Look, I know you're frightened, but you shouldn't be. At least not of me. - I'm not frightened of you, Frank. I just can't talk to you anymore. Wait, wait, wait. Don't hang up. Just answer one question. How did Conrad get the surveillance equipment inside Lydia's apartment? I assume he had it installed. On his own? Without me knowing? What difference does it make? It doesn't change what you did. Yes, of course it does. Look, I think I'm being set up. In fact, I think we're all being set up. Victoria? Victoria? Don't call my wife again or I will find you and I will put an end to you. Are we clear? What the hell are you doing? The man is a killer. Is he? You saw for yourself what he's capable of. I don't know what I saw. Who made that recording, Conrad? Was it you? No. Then who? [fireworks crackling] 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 