Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x22 - Reckoning - Revenge 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x22 - Reckoning https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=7&t=10679 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/25/12 18:06 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x22 - Reckoning 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on Revenge... 
 Jack, I'm so sorry. 
 Why isn't my ex-husband in prison? 
 We haven't found enough physical evidence of a conspiracy to frame David Clarke. 
 She said you were hiding evidence that could destroy us all. 
 You go through with destroying Dad, and you're dead to me. 
 Can I stay with you tonight? 
 Are all your t-shirts deep v's? 
 Wow, you work fast. 
 Charlotte, it's not what you think. 
 I'm going to track the white-haired man to wherever he's hiding. 
 We have got eyes inside his house. 
 Ohh! 
 (Grunts) 
 This is the evidence I was planning on turning over. 
 (Emily) In every life, there comes a day of reckoning... 
 A time when unsettled scores demand their retribution... 
 And our own lies and transgressions are finally laid bare. Daniel! Emily! You okay? There was a man in the kitchen! He... He rushed right by me. I was just going for a run. It's all right. It's all right. It's all right. You're safe. You're safe. It looks like he got in through here. (Emily) He was holding something when he left, but I couldn't see what it was. (Pants) Oh, God. What can you tell me about him? He was older. He-- 
He was all dressed in black. Shock-white hair. I'm calling the police. No! No. No more police. It was probably just one of my trial protesters trying to intimidate me. Yeah, well, it worked. What did he take? Just some client files. Nothing important. (Exhales) 
Look, my dad has a security team. I want to handle this privately. In the meantime, we should pack up the house, head back to Manhattan. Okay. All right. I'll start packing boxes. (Exhales) And it's not his first time in Emily's house. What are you talking about? He sent me this video of the two of you as a threat. He's been watching us? I handled it with a counterthreat of my own. That's exactly what he wanted, to ferret out the evidence I had been keeping. You don't think Mom could've told him? She didn't have to. (Keypad beeps) 
 (Man) Security. Robert, I need a security sweep of Grayson Manor, ASAP. At least tell me this is better than the feds finding it. Better than the feds? Daniel, that evidence was the only leverage I had against these vampires. Without that... I'm a dead man. (Whirs) (Beeps) Damn it. (Keypad beeps) Nolan. Leave a message. Nolan, turn on your phone. I need your help. (Cell phone beeps) (Sighs) Nolan. (Cell phone rings) (Ring) Jack. (Ring) (Beeps) This is Emily. Leave a message. (Voice mail beeps) 
Hey, it's Jack. Um, about last night... I guess we should talk, huh? Call me when you can. Bye. 
(Beep) (Creaks) Nolan? (Keypad beeps) (Cell phone rings) (Grunts) (Rings and beeps) Yes. He's not the one you want. I am. And who are you? Amanda Clarke. You murdered my father. You and I have unfinished business. Then by all means, let's finish it. How would you like to do this? Face-to-face. You have carte blanche to excavate every nook and cranny. The hell you do. Get out of my house immediately. Do I need to call the police to have you forcibly removed? No, what you need to do is shut up and sit down. Oh. Thanks to a lethal combination of your vitriol and your incompetence, the evidence you stole from me is now in the hands of our most powerful adversary. Well, if that monster has indeed resurfaced, you have your son to blame, not me. Our son is lucky to be alive this morning, no thanks to you. We found three microphones in the study, sir. I'm guessing it's only the beginning. You let them in, Victoria. And they've been listening to every single word we've said for God knows how long. The thing is, now we are all targets. And I certainly hope it was worth whatever petty little  frisson  you derived from your dalliance with the S.E.C. You stupid, stupid, woman. (Cell phone rings) (Beeps) Hey, is everything okay? Listen, I think we should head back to Manhattan tonight. You okay saying a quick good-bye to the Hamptons? You read my mind. I'm actually meeting with the winterizers for the cottage right now. Good, good. Ems, be careful. I will. (Beep) (Clicks) No wire, no phone, no weapon. This is a very dangerous game you're playing. And for what? Payback for your father? I have in my possession evidence compiled by Conrad Grayson implicating you and all of your friends at the initiative in a conspiracy to fund and carry out acts of terrorism on American soil. Now... Take me to Nolan Ross. As you wish. It's chloroform. Surely you appreciate the need for secrecy. And if I don't? Your friend dies. Amanda, what's the matter? I forgot to pack Mommy's picture. (Object clatters) What was that? (Chirping) (Gasps) 
Daddy. (Chains rattle) Good morning, sunshine. If you came here to rescue me... (Door buzzes open) You might want a do-over. I trust you had a pleasant nap, Ms. Clarke. Rather than waste my time on a wild goose chase, I thought I'd give you the opportunity to tell me where you've hidden Grayson's evidence. In return, I may even let your friend here live. Actually... He doesn't concern me. Gee, don't sugarcoat it, Ems. Well, if that's the case, I take back my offer. 
(Grunting) The evidence that you want is in locker 428 at the Port Authority Bus Terminal. The orange key from my keychain will open it. If that's true, what's to stop me from killing you right now? I could be lying. She's really quite good at it. Or I could've programmed an e-mail to alert the authorities. I would tell you how much time you have left, but you stole my watch. (Grunts) A Submariner with a lock pick hidden inside. It's 2:30. Then you have exactly one hour. "David, 'Until Forever,' 
Victoria." Your father didn't know what hit him, did he? Tick-tock. (Watch clinks) (Clatters) (Buzzer sounds) (Door opens) (Door closes) So what's the plan, Batgirl? (Exhales) (Grunts) (Inhales sharply) (Grunts) (Laughs) I'm not worthy. Get up, Nolan. You have to deliver Grayson's box of evidence to the feds. Everything you need is in the bottom drawer of your desk, including instructions on how to get it to Agent McGowen. (Buzzer sounds) 
Got it? (Grunts) 
Then get going. No. I'm not leaving you here. You are way outmatched by that crazy albino. Nolan, I'm staying. If you don't go now, then all of this will have been for nothing. You owe me that. Kick his ass. Nolan. If I don't make it out of this... Tell Jack that I love him. (Buzzer sounds) (Door closes) Okay, what's our game plan for econ, sick grandma, computer crash? I don't have a game plan, aside from repeating senior year. At least if we fail, we fail together, right? That's-- Yeah. Yeah. If you want Mr. Hibbard to give you an extension, all you need is a sympathetic excuse. Like telling him how you verbally accosted us last night? You know that weird rose-colored lamp on Mr. Hibbard's desk? It's actually therapy for seasonal affective disorder. Tell him you have it, too. S.A.D.? Like sad? That's a real thing? It is to him. The classes might be hard here, but the teachers are pushovers. Probably a lot different than public school in Yonkers. I went to St. James Academy. It was private. (Bell rings) You guys better get in there. Thank you. Jaime seems nice. I'm really happy for you. (Daniel) Yeah, be sure to change all the pass codes. We're in full lockdown. (Cell phone beeps) Grayson. What are you doing here? I've decided I prefer to live debt-free. Just wanted to make sure there was no confusion about that. Good. Have a nice day. That boy is an awfully long way from Montauk. You'd think a million dollars would trump anyone's sense of self-righteousness. I wouldn't be so quick to dub Jack Porter a Saint. Why? What do you know? Nothing. It's none of my business. Ash, if there's something I should know, you gotta tell me. Look, it's not just about him. It's also about Emily, so you really need to be asking her. Well, I'm asking you. I thought I could trust you. Hello, Miss Charlotte. Mom? (Keypad beeping) (Phone rings) (Line clicks) (Man) Jenkins Investigations. Hello, is this Dan Jenkins? Uh, yes, it is. And who is this? It's Victoria Grayson. 
 - What can I do for you? I need everything you can find on a senior at Collins Prep whom I believe is bullying my daughter. (Conrad) We have to disappear for a while. (Latches click) Disappear, where? Caymans, somewhere safe, somewhere where I can plan my next move. Victoria sold us out, didn't she? Yeah, that harpy's toxic crusade has roused the interest of a far more dangerous adversary than our government. Conrad, I-- I know, it's a lot to ask, so please... Accept this as a token of my appreciation for your continued loyalty. This is a promise to always keep you out of harm's way as long as we stick together. Now... All I ask in return is your assurance that the door swings both ways. What do you say? (Chuckles) Mm. Yes, Conrad. (Cell phone rings) (Clatters) (Clock chiming) (Buzzer sounds) (Door opens) You've made a grave miscalculation, Ms. Clarke. (Bells tolling) (Door closes) I don't think so. You and I may have more in common thank you realize. My employers and I planned to make Grayson take the fall for flight 197, not your father. I'm not here because of how my father was framed. I'm here because of how he died. (Both grunting) (Hissing) (Both grunting) (Grunts) 
You're a hell of a fighter. You must have gotten that from your mother. (Grunts) 
Ohh! Ohh! (Emily grunting and panting) (Groans and grunts) (Grunts and groans) Ohh! Look at me. 
(Panting) I want to be the last thing you see before you die. (Grunting) (Amanda) You sure he's ready, Daddy? There's only one way to find out. (Gasps) 
(Laughs) Oh, we did it, Daddy! We saved his life. You know what I love about you most? It's the way you love absolutely everything and absolutely everyone. You promise me that you're never gonna lose that. (Panting) (Groaning) (Coughing) (Wheezes) (Coughs) I thought you came here to honor your father. (Panting) 
I just did. (Coughs) You are a woman of your word. The evidence that your husband squirreled away is encyclopedic, and we're only halfway through it. I wish I could take credit for delivering it to you, Mr. McGowen, but it was my son who ultimately placed it safely into your hands. Well, if anything could turn your boy's image around, this ought to do it. On the downside, Lydia Davis has recanted her testimony and won't be joining us on our trip to Washington. You don't seem surprised. Conrad is a cunning man, and Lydia's the very definition of malleable. I'll work on her. Well, even without Ms. Davis' corroborating testimony, we already have enough evidence to bring charges of murder-for-hire. Murder? Yeah. It appears your husband didn't just frame David Clarke. He also contracted to have him killed. Where have you been? (Jangles keys) Sorry. It's been a crazy day. It looks like it. You all right? Yeah, I just fell on the ice when I was running. I didn't want to worry you with everything that's happened. Sure. What's one more secret? It's hardly the biggest one you're keeping, right? What do you want to know, Daniel? I'm an open book tonight. Jack came by here yesterday, didn't he? Yeah. His dog died. Did you kiss him? Just give me a straight answer, please. (Sighs) Yes. We kissed. So all these months-- 
The engagement, standing by me during the trial-- 
What-- What was the point of all that if you just really wanted to be with him? Or was my mother right? Were you just... pretending to love me because you wanted the Grayson name? No. I wanted to be with you despite the Grayson name. Then what changed? The truth is... I'm not... really the person that you fell in love with. And you're changing, too. I mean... I'm watching you become everything you said you never wanted to be. And what's that? A Grayson. I'm sorry. (Voice breaks) Good-bye, Emily. (Door closes) 
 
 So you're denying that you're the one who broke into my soon-to-be daughter-in-law's house and stole the evidence? I deny everything, Grayson. Doesn't mean I'm not guilty. And where is it now? Last I heard, it was with Federal Agent McGowen, who's leaving for Washington, D.C. tomorrow to present everything he's found to a federal judge. Victoria. The government's star witness. They've also offered your mistress immunity in exchange for her testimony. Well, you're certainly not here to gloat. There's enough evidence in there to bring us all down. I definitely did not come here to gloat. Then what, to kill me? If I wanted to kill you, we would not be having this conversation, trust me. (Chuckles) 
Trust you? That's rich. You expect me to believe that my son's fiancee would just imagine seeing a white-haired man  in the kitchen this morning? Believe what you want to believe. If I wanted to keep an eye on you, there are plenty of ways to do it undetected. If I were you, I would make good on your promise to leave town. This time next week, being Conrad Grayson might prove to be a very tricky proposition. What about you? Don't worry about me. I'm already on my way to the airport. (Door opens) (Door closes) (Victoria) Where are you going? I broke things off with Emily. I don't believe it. Sure you do. You've been angling for this since the day Emily and I met. So take your victory lap. You got what you wanted. Contrary to what you think, I can't bear to see you hurt. I knew I could trust you to do the right thing and turn over the evidence. I didn't turn over anything. I was gonna give it to Dad, but someone with a bigger ax to grind than yourself intercepted it. Now I am begging you as your son, please drop this whole thing. Tell McGowen you won't testify. I can't do that. It's time for the truth to finally come out. And what, to hell with the cost to the rest of us? Your father had David Clarke murdered! Well, he must have had a damn good reason. (Grunts) I'm not denying he's done terrible things, but so have you. At least he can always say it was in the interest of protecting his family. Oh, believe what you must, Daniel. What about Charlotte, Mom? You might push her even further over the edge. We might never get her back. I will take care of Charlotte. Oh, yeah, you've done a great job so far. I have done some heinous things in my life, but now I have the chance to right a terrible wrong. And nothing and nobody, not even you, my darling son, will stand in my way. Do you understand? Lydia, it's Victoria. I have nothing to say to you. Lydia, be sensible. They're not just charging Conrad with framing David Clarke. They're charging him for his murder, too. You have a very small window of opportunity to protect yourself. Advice from the self-preservation society? I think I'll pass. What exactly is your plan, hmm,  to live your life on the lam with an international fugitive? Conrad's not the enemy, Victoria. You are. Who do you think will be the first person he sells out when the money runs dry? And believe me, that day is coming faster than either one of you realizes. Because when I am done with him, it will make your taxi-cab bounce look like a trip to Saint-Tropez. Good. You're packed. The plane boards at 8:00 P.M. I'll have our bags taken down to the car. Oh, who was that on the phone? Uh, my mother. I have to get right back to Philly. My father had a heart attack. I'm so sorry. Well, you can take my plane. No, um... You're gonna need it for wherever you're going. I could meet you. No, I'm gonna wait right here until you're ready. My driver will take you anywhere you wish, all the way to Philly, if you like. I don't know when I'll be back, Conrad. I'm sorry. There's no need to explain. I understand perfectly. Good-bye, Lydia. (Pops) Champagne does not seem appropriate, especially at 9:00 A.M. Oh, champagne is always appropriate. I mean, you got your pound of flesh, Ems. The Grayson family is more or less decimated, your father's name's about to be cleared, and... You got to kick the Shinola out of lurch. I didn't do it alone, Nolan. Thank you. Mm. So... Now that you've finished storming the castle... What about Prince Daniel, hmm? We ended things. Oh... wow. So... That just leaves... Jack? What are you gonna tell him? (Inhales deeply) Everything. (Chuckles) (Chuckles) (Cell phone beeps) (Cell phone rings) (Ring) (Beeps) - (Emily) Jack. Hey. I was starting to wonder if I was ever gonna hear from you again. (Sighs deeply) Yeah, sorry. Things have been a little crazy. Yeah. Yeah, they have for me, too. Listen... I found Sammy's collar. I thought maybe I could bring it by later tonight. I can't think of anything I'd like more. I'm here, so... come by whenever you're ready. (Chuckles) (Cell phone beeps) I'm proud of you, Ems. Here's to your dad. To Dad. (Clinks) I can't believe Professor Hibbard gave me his happy lamp. 
(Laughs) Yeah, but we're still gonna fail this project if you don't start helping me, so help me. (Chirps) (Boy) Look at these. Look at this. (Laughter) Looks like the joke's on us. (Laughter continues) (Clicks mouse) What-- What is this? (Clicks, beeps) Oh, my God. (Click, beep) The judge was supposed to bury this. I was a minor. What are you talking about? Who is that guy? My history teacher. (Laughter continues) Slut. 
(Coughs) (Laughter continues) (Laughter continues) And we thought you lowered yourself to date me, right? Clearly, I'm the one that lowered myself to date you. It's not my fault your new crush is a tramp. I did you a favor. You really are your mother's daughter. You don't ever talk to me again, you got it? (Students) Ooh. Oops. 
(Laughs) (Knock on door) Victoria. Come in. I heard you took a nasty spill. I'm fine. Daniel told me about your breakup. I wanted to offer you my condolences in person. Mm. I can feel your devastation. Maybe now the two of you can move on and find someone more appropriate. I suppose you'll be wanting this back. The engagement gift? No. Don't be absurd. Why don't you open it? You see, even long before the day of your engagement party, I knew that your future with Daniel was as empty as that box. Well, best of luck with your next endeavor. (Door opens) (Door closes) (Sighs) Hey. (Sighs) Hi. Slow night, huh? I closed up early. Mm. Are you okay? I'm fine. Uh... You should see the other guy. 
(Chuckles) (Both chuckle) (Collar clinks) I think this belongs to you. Actually, it belongs to Amanda. Sammy was my dog, after all. Amanda. I've missed you so much. Oh, my God. (Chuckles) 
I know, right? Jack and I are gonna have a baby. Wow. Congratulations. (Chuckles) I'm sure you both have a lot of catching up to do. Just... wanted to return the collar. Jack told me what you did for Sammy. If it couldn't be me, I'm glad it was you. I'll walk you to your car. No. Don't. Good-bye, Jack. (Door closes) (Sniffles) (Exhales) (Door opens) (Ashley) Knock-knock. Hope I'm not interrupting. Nothing to interrupt. I heard about you and Emily. I'm so sorry, Daniel. What can I do? You can have a drink with me. Are you sure that's a good idea? You got a better one? 
(Pours liquid) I made a mistake telling you, didn't I? Well, it's better to find out that my fiancee is cheating on me before she's my wife. Good to know you've got my back. Always have. Cheers. (Clinks) Cheers. (Knock on door) (Victoria) Charlotte. I'm headed off to the airport now. Why? Well, I told you, I'm going to Washington. Are you all right? Has getting retribution ever made you feel better about yourself? Yes... When the other party deserved it. And if they didn't? Then you forgive yourself, and you move on, the quicker, the better. You know that if you need anything at all, I'm just a phone call away? (Knock on door) Good. They're a little early. (Gasps) Victoria! I'm fully aware that I have squandered any good will that you have ever felt for me. But I implore you, think of our children, of their future. If you refuse to testify, they may still have one. Come on. You have a moral obligation as a parent-- You come in my house and you preach morality? I know that you ordered David Clarke's murder. Do not deny it. David Clarke's death was decided by people far above me. The very same people who will stop at nothing to destroy the both of us if you decide to testify! Well, then so be it! I cannot live these lies anymore, and neither will our children! Victoria-- What?! If you board that plane... It's gonna be the last thing that you do. Then I guess I'll see you in hell. Mrs. Grayson, Agent McGowen sent me to pick you up. Let's not keep them waiting. (Panting) (Door closes) (Cell phone rings) (Ring) (Rings and beeps) Yeah. You and Jack halfway to the Little White Chapel in Atlantic City yet? I didn't tell him. What? Ems... Why, what are you waiting for? Amanda's back. She's pregnant. O.M.G. (Sniffles) All right. Um... Look, just stay right where you are and... Do not do anything revenge-y until I get there, got it? Emily? Yeah. I'm on my way. (Florence + The Machine's "Seven Devils" playing) Check out that sunset. Only thing missing is you. (Man) We have late-breaking news of a plane crash coming out of East Hampton this evening. Sarah Juarez is live at the scene. (Sarah) The government chartered twin-engine jet exploded shortly after takeoff... At approximately 8:15 this evening. On board were two witnesses bound for an unspecified hearing in Washington, D.C. We now have confirmation from the passenger manifest that one of the witnesses on that flight was Victoria Grayson, matriarch of the embattled the billionaire Grayson family. (Cell phone rings) (Beeps) Declan, oh my God, something terrible has happened. I think my mom is... is dead. Declan, please pick up. Please. (Cell phone beeps) (Cell phone rings) (Beeps) (Charlotte) Declan-- Don't you ever, ever call me again. We are done. Do you understand me? (Crying) The cause of the explosion is not yet known. But there appear to be no survivors. Tragedy, of course, is no stranger to the Grayson family. (Voice distorts) 
It was nearly two decades ago that terrorist David Clarke, a top executive... Charlotte. Oh, God. Charlotte. Charlotte! Charlotte! Emily... 
(Sniffles) You okay? This can't be real. All of Conrad's evidence, everything... that could have exonerated my father was on that plane. Not exactly. I, uh... unencrypted and backed up that mysterious hard drive before I gave it to McGowen. After the Graysons framed your father, Americon Initiative handled the cover-up. This goes so far past the Graysons and so far past what they did to your father. Hold on to your hat. It'll work because he trusts me. How can you be so sure? Because I know David's deepest secret. The wife he had before we met-- The one who died in 1990? Yes. If you look a little deeper, you'll find there's much more to the story. (Emily) What is she saying... That they killed my mother, too? No. What she's saying is that, uh... Your mother's alive. Let it play. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 