Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x21 - Grief - Revenge 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x21 - Grief https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=7&t=10678 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/18/12 14:14 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x21 - Grief 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on Revenge... 
 The Graysons murdered my father. 
 Aunt Carole, tell her about the white-haired man. 
 There was a man who visited Grayson the morning your father died. 
 This feeling comes along once or twice in a lifetime, if we're lucky. 
 I want full immunity in exchange for the information I'm about to give you. 
 This is Agent McGowen of the S.E.C. 
 Come down to the Federal Building and answer some questions. 
 Would you like to comment on the allegations of corruption? 
 My father is the victim of a witch hunt. 
 (Emily) Conrad confessed everything to Daniel. 
 He could've come clean. He could've ended the whole thing. 
 What are you gonna do now? 
 I'm gonna track down the man who killed my father. 
 (Shovel scraping) 
 (Emily) They say grief occurs in five stages. 
 First, there's denial... 
 Followed by anger. 
 Then comes bargaining... 
 And depression. 
 (David) Hey, did you know that Amanda turned ten this summer? 
 Whatever happens with your investigation, can you make sure that a copy of this interview gets to her? 
 I guess I just want Amanda to know that... 
 Not every day is a terrible one. 
(Chuckles) 
 Your dad had a good day today, sweetheart. 
 I hope you did, too. 
 I love you. 
(Sighs) (Clicks keyboard key) (Emily) For most, the final stage of grief is acceptance. But for me, grief is a life sentence without clemency. I will never accept and I will never forgive, not even after the man who killed my father lies dead at my feet. (Daniel) Agent McGowen canceled his one-on-one interview. What do you think that means? (Conrad) It means their fishing expedition came up empty. Well, that's good news. Chances are, McGowen is just gonna head for deeper waters. So what do we do in the meantime? Ashley's plans to tie your wedding into rehabilitating our corporate image is a very good one. Just make sure Emily's on board with that. And... we need to ensure that the outstanding loose ends from your trial remain tied up, mainly... that Jack Porter keeps his version of the events of that night to himself. I've got a plan for that. Good. Get on it, son. (Telephone ringing in distance) Daniel... (Sighs) I can't tell you how much your loyalty through this challenging time means to me. Family first, like you said. But when we're through this,  I wanna hold you to the promise you made me. 100% transparency from here on out. (Cell phone rings) (Ring) (Beep) Hey. - (Nolan) Are you watching? Yeah. What do you think Daniel meant about his plan for Jack? I don't know what he's capable of anymore. (Man) Business as usual, I see. What the hell are you doing here? The feds are all over me. Precisely the reason for my visit. Emily... Shh. You've become, as they say in your profession, a bad asset. (Conrad) Look, I understand your employers are nervous, I have all of this handled. I'm afraid your word isn't going to satisfy the initiative. Well, what else can I possibly offer? That question is being addressed as we speak. Handsome family. You must be very proud. My God, Ems... It's him. Emily, are you there? I'm here. (Sighs) 
What are you gonna do? I'm gonna create a reason for them to meet again. And then I'm gonna track the white-haired man to wherever he's hiding. And then? You already know the answer to that. (Beep) You feeling any better? Your headache last night-- I can't remember you being sick the whole time I've known you. Well, we haven't known each other all that long, have we? Emily, what's going on? Talk to me. What ever happened to Paris... Eloping, just the two of us? That was before everything. All right, Grayson Global has a massive image problem, and since I'm the one who's largely responsible, I feel like it's my job to fix it. By making our wedding a big, public spectacle? Look, Ashley and I are cutting out early today so she can pitch us her ideas. A big, splashy wedding, one of your parents' events-- It's not exactly me, or you, the last time I checked. Last time I checked, you were practically pushing me to claim my father's mantle at the company. Look, Ashley's put a lot of work into this, and it may not be you or even me, but given what my family's been through, can we just sit down with her for five minutes? Please? (Sighs) 
Of course I can. I love you. Have a good run. (Door closes) (Shower running) (Charlotte) 
Dr. Clemons is here. Should we find somewhere else to do this? Not if you're comfortable in here. I'd hate to disrupt the progress you're making. It's ironic, right? Daniel goes free, and now I'm the one basically under house arrest. (Beeps and unlocks) No school, no father, no friends, no Declan. (Closes door) Well... In terms of school, I've already spoken to the Dean, and you will be starting again next week. And as for Declan, do not forget that his lies are what put you here in the first place. His and yours. Speaking of which, Dr. Clemons wants to do a family therapy session tonight. (Scoffs) 
That is never going to happen. Why, because you and Dad despise each other? Dr. Clemons says the only way I can overcome my anger issues is to learn to forgive, which will be a whole lot easier to do if you and Dad do the same. Ready to get started? Yes, why don't you, Charlotte? We'll talk about this later, hmm? Mrs. Grayson. Agent McGowen, why isn't my ex-husband in prison? Because we haven't found any physical evidence of a conspiracy to frame David Clarke. Well, then you haven't looked hard enough. Before Conrad's head of security was murdered, he told me that he had personally amassed enough evidence to put everyone involved in jail for good. Now have you searched his Manhattan apartment? Our warrant is restricted to the corporate offices. And the prosecutor can't build a federal case on your word alone. Well, he won't have to. You and your team are obviously incapable of finding the proof that you need, but I assure you that I'm more than capable. I'm determined. 
(Chuckles) (Jack) Do you think I don't see right through this? See through what, Porter? It's a check, not a shoe bomb. It's blood money to keep me quiet about your parents framing their personal thug for Tyler's murder. You're wrong. The guy was a drifter. He had no ties to my parents other than the fact that he was blackmailing them. They were victims of his, too. (Sighs) 
Really? Come on, buddy. Drink some water. Okay, look, I get you don't trust me. I'm trying to fix that... Still not feeling well, Sammy? For Emily's sake. She told me how invested in Haiti you are, and I know my trial threw off your plans to get down there and help. I also know you have this bar and your brother and a girl somewhere out there that you care about. And I just thought this money might help you do some good in the world... Any way you choose to use it. (Elevator bell dings) I see you've been redecorating. I find your choice of fine art in the foyer to be very inspired. Yeah, well, the de Kooning has a sentimental value. Ah. You look good, Conrad. And  you  look like a demonic succubus. You think I didn't know that you were the one who sicced the S.E.C. on me? I've done no such thing. If you go down, you'll only bring me down with you. You've already told me that a thousand times. You can trust me, I'm not gonna go down without a fight. Well, as strained as things have been between us, you know I wouldn't want that, Conrad. Well, then I assume you're here to return the key to the apartment. No, Charlotte's the reason I'm here. Her addiction counselor has called for a family therapy session this evening. Now how shall I report back? Oh, you can tell her I wouldn't miss that for the world. That's not for you. Hello, Victoria. Lydia. 
(Chuckles) Ever the opportunist, I see. Hmm. What's she doing here? What she does best-- Using her children as a wedge issue for... What is it exactly that you came here for, dear? Oh, well, then, please allow me to invite you to leave. Oh, no way! 
(Laughs) So this is where you live. Yep, it's home sweet home. Cool. My uncle owns a cop bar. I spent nearly every night there growing up before my mom won the slimy rich husband lottery. Yeah? You, uh, you want to go a round of shuffleboard? I-I think we should just plow through this econ project. It'll take me two seconds to kick your ass. Look, kind of something I used to do with my ex. Oh, right, the, uh, pill head. Charlotte's not a pill head. She's been through a lot. Yeah, well, who hasn't been through a lot? I just moved here from Yonkers, which, for the record, is ten times harder to get out of your system than oxy. It's a joke, Declan. Sorry for trying to make you laugh. Yeah, I'm not in much of a laughing mood these days. Getting that. Clearly, you don't want to be here, and neither do I, so, uh, let's just get this over with. (Grunts) (Nolan) What on God's green earth am I encrypting? Home video. Of you and Daniel... Sleeping. I need you to e-mail an anonymous copy to Conrad. (Sighs) 
Okay. This is getting kinkier and creepier by the moment. May I ask what you hope to gain by this? Conrad will see it as a threat. He'll think the white-haired man is spying on his son, and he'll be forced to reach out to him. You may be a lot of things-- Black belt in karate, impeccable dresser, and a certified sociopath-- But you're not a killer. You don't know what I am or what I'm capable of. And you don't know what he's capable of, Ems. Who's to say he won't kill you first? That's a risk I'm willing to take. Send it. (Elevator bell dings) (Conrad) I see my credit cards got some exercise this morning. (Laughs) Oh, nothing's better than the second floor of Bendel's. Sounds like you've had a pleasant day. Monique Lhuillier offered to design a wedding dress for me. Seems someone gave her the impression we're headed for the altar. Victoria playing one of her little games, no doubt. Not that it's the worst idea. They do say third time's the charm. (Laughs) (E-mail alert beeps) You really know how to sweep a girl off her feet. (Taps key) I'm gonna have to call you back. 
 - Okay. (Line clicks) 
(Man) Yes? Yeah, I got your message, you son of a bitch. There's a restaurant at the corner of 7th Avenue  and 10th in Brooklyn. You be there at 5:00,  or I unleash a contingency plan of my own. (Beep) (Clatters) (Exhales deeply) (Paper rips) (Beep) Emily. Where are you headed off to in such a rush? I have to go get ready. I've got my monthly meeting with the landmark committee. Not today you don't. We got a wedding to plan. I'm so sorry. I'm gonna have to reschedule. Emily, I cleared my afternoon for this. You knew that. I'm sure the landmark committee can survive a month without you. But unfortunately, my epic plans for your wedding may not. I promise, I'll make my presentation as painless as possible. $1 million? Jack... You must really have them worried. The Graysons are the last people I want to be indebted to, but if Emily's already planning on joining 'em... (Sighs) Look, I-I was thinking I could start a charity with the money. Maybe it's something she and I could do together. You still care about her, don't you? We both do, don't we? I care about you. That's why you have to cash this, 'cause if you don't, they may find a more... permanent way of keeping you quiet. (Cell phone rings) (Ring) Oh. Gotta take this. Nolcorp Japan. 
(Chuckles) Konnichiwa. (Emily) If you meant what you said when you promised to help avenge my father, then I'm asking you to prove it to me right now. Ems... Calm down. Breathe. I can't. I'm stuck here with Daniel, and I'm not gonna make it to the city on time. In-- In time for what? 
 - The video worked. Conrad's meeting the white-haired man at a restaurant at 5:00. This might be my last chance to track him down before he disappears again. I need you to go there and follow him home, find out where he lives. Ems, what's going on? I'm just, uh, letting the committee know that I won't make it on time. Yes, absolutely. The meeting should go on without me. That's right. It's the corner of 7th Ave. and 10th Street in Brooklyn. I'll call you later. 
(Beep) (Sighs) (Elevator bell dings) Oh, well, we're getting a little ahead of ourselves, aren't we? I'm calling Conrad. We used to be such good friends, Lydia. What happened? You held me hostage at Grayson Manor after your attack dog threw me off the roof of my own apartment. Well, you certainly have a knack for landing on your feet, now don't you? What are you doing here, Victoria? Conrad's finished with you, and so am I. I am giving you a lifeline. The question is, are you wise enough to accept it? I learned that lesson already. Fool me twice, shame on me, right? Well, in this case, the shame is on all of us. After all these years, the government is quietly building a case against Conrad and his role in the downing of that plane, not to mention what happened to David Clarke. And given that you perjured yourself all those years ago in federal court, they're going to be coming after you, too. You did this, didn't you? Well, let's just say, I got the ball rolling. And I had the good fortune to secure myself immunity in exchange for my cooperation. And as your friend, I've asked them to grant you the same courtesy. I couldn't help but notice the de Kooning the last time I was here. Conrad had it relocated from his office. He said it was the most important piece in his collection. It isn't worth the canvas it's painted on, and he knows it. I don't understand. It's a forgery. I know because I had it commissioned, and I passed it off on him. That's how we met. The question is... Why would Conrad hold on to something that he knows has little value whatsoever? Other than you, of course. (Ripping) 
(Gasps) Obviously, we're not talking William and Kate territory, but you are considered American royalty. Well, Daniel is. Your heritage is still a little bit of a mystery, Emily. (Cell phone alert chimes) But in this case, that's a good thing. We can spin the fairy tale any way we want. Emily. You know where I stand. I'm a very private person. Always have been. You can have an intimate wedding and still generate plenty of public interest, not to mention press opportunities. Front page of the Sunday style sections... (Cell phone alert chimes) Like I said, I got your threat, loud and clear. You're the only one issuing threats here. Contingency plan? That's right. Names, dates, video recordings, bank transactions, the original hard drive from David Clarke's computer-- Every piece of evidence from the first day you darkened my door twenty years ago straight through to the prison murder of Lee Moran last month. It's quite a dossier. Mutually assured destruction. Damn right. If you ever threaten to harm my son, his fiancee, or anyone in my family ever again, I detonate. I never threatened your son. I'm not gonna play this game with you. Whatever the hell's going on, you stay away from my family, or I'm gonna expose you and your employers to everyone. Do you understand? (Camera phone shutter clicking) (Cell phone alert chimes) (Beeping) That's it. Daniel, what are you doing? Who's so important that you can't be present with me on this for five minutes without exchanging texts? It's none of your business. And none of this is me. Have you forgotten who I am, who you're marrying? Have you? I'm a Grayson, Emily. There are certain pressures and expectations placed upon me, upon us. Maybe you've forgotten the family you're marrying into. Trust me, Daniel. I couldn't forget your family if I tried. I'm done. (Sighs) Ashley-- Please don't say you're sorry. You so clearly are not. Hey, Dec, you seen Sammy? No, I thought he was with you. Did you check upstairs? I checked everywhere. Who's Sammy? My brother's dog. It's freezing out there. You didn't let him out and then forget, did you? No, no, in fact, I've had a hard time getting him to go out at all these past couple days. I'm gonna go look for him. Give me a call if he shows up, okay? Yeah. (Sighs) Screw the presentation. If you want to go look for him, let's do it. (Cell phone auto dials) I finally got rid of Ashley and Daniel. Tell me you didn't lose him. I've got an address. He's there now. Thank you, Nolan. (Clicking) 
 
 Once you turn this corner, Emily, everything changes. Are you certain you want to do this? It's the only thing I'm certain of anymore. Text me the address. (Cell phone alert chimes) (Man) I'm working on a solution. First I have to identify who's threatening Grayson's family. (Electricity crackles) This isn't some nosy fed we're dealing with. (Clicking) Someone's on to us. (Doorbell rings) (Ticking) Be right there! Can I help you? Uh, yeah, I'm here about the, uh, cable outages in the neighborhood. I didn't know there was a problem with my cable. Oh, yeah. The brownouts fried all the boxes on your block. You didn't notice the lights flickering? (Crackles) Come on in. (Doorbell rings) He couldn't let you do it. Where is he? He wouldn't say. Clearly, whatever it is you're planning tonight, it's not the answer. Hey, I wonder what your father would think of this? He'd probably wonder how his little girl got to such a point. Alone. That's how I got here. But you're not alone. Nolan intervened so that you wouldn't make a life-altering mistake. It's not his job to protect me. No, that was your mother and father's. What I remember about my mother is that she was sick my entire childhood until she died, and as for my father, well, we both know what happened there. You are so strong-willed, just like David was. Death comes on its own. There's no need in hastening it. Tell that to the people who were on the plane when it exploded. There might be a time and a place for kindness and fairness, but this is definitely not one of them. Good-bye, Carole. (Electronic whirring) (Woman speaking indistinctly on TV) Oh. 
(Chuckles) This, uh, clock shows official U.S. time, which, uh, I can see might be of interest to you. Or not. (Exhales) Sorry for the inconvenience. One more thing before you go. Do you have a card? (Ticking continues) So I can talk to your supervisor... To tell him how... happy I am with the service. Uhh. Coming to fix a problem I didn't even know I had. Um, you know, uh... I don't. 
(Chuckles) We're practically, uh, a paperless company. You know, trying to offset our carbon footprint. Uh, we do have a web site where you can submit a form. I'll do that, Burt. What's your last name? Uh, Simmons. (Chuckles) 
Have a good evening. You, too, Burt. (Elevator bell dings) Lydia... What's happened? Victoria... I came home, and she was here, tearing your painting into pieces. She said you were hiding evidence that could destroy us all. I-I tried to stop her, but I couldn't. That woman is a monster, Conrad. You knew what this meant to me. I can't believe you would betray me  with the one thing-- I didn't betray you, Ems. I'm giving you options. Now at least you can gather intel on the guy, find out who he is. You listen to me, Nolan-- How about you listen to me for once? Hello? (Sighs) Sammy? Sammy, hey, buddy. (Whimpers) Ohh. (Keypad beeps) (Auto dials) (Whistles) Sammy! (Cell phone rings) (Beep) Jack. 
 - Emily, hey. Sammy's here. Thank God. 
(Exhales) I can't believe I didn't think to look there. Is he okay? Jack, I think you better hurry. (Sighs) (Beep) It's okay, buddy. (Clemons) Mrs. Grayson, why don't you go first? Dear Charlotte, I like that you're taking your counseling seriously, but I need you to stop demonizing me and lionizing your father. Both of you. (Clemons) Good. Who'd like to go next? I'll go. Glad you could join us, Mr. Grayson. So what game are we playing? We're playing "I like but I need." It's fun. You'll see. Just sit-- That's all right, doc. I've got this from here. Daniel... I like very much that you've made the family business your own, and all I really need from you is your continued loyalty through the rough days ahead. Charlotte, I like that you've taken control of this problem, and I need you to promise me that you'll stay on this track. Victoria, you know, believe it or not, I actually like your spirit of self-preservation. Always have, in fact. And I thoroughly appreciate how much you have challenged me at every turn throughout the course of our spectacular failure of a marriage... Oh, Mr. Grayson, that's not-- because it has taught me how to see right through you. And as for what I need from you, well, by gosh, all I really need is for you to come to your anemic senses and return everything you just stole from me. And, Conrad, I like that you suspect me, predictable as you are, but I need you to know that others have been betraying you as well, even while warming your bed. (Charlotte) Mom, what have you done now? Nothing I wouldn't do again. (Sighs) (Sighs) 
This is hopeless. Nothing in this house is ever gonna change. The only way out of it is to leave. Bravo, Conrad. That display of yours should go miles towards helping Charlotte's recovery. Here, buddy. (Sniffles) I can get him into the truck, take him back to the Stowaway. He used up all his energy getting here. (Sniffles) I think this is where he wants to be. Even after all these years... (Sniffles) He's home. You know, every day... Every day's been a gift. I was starting to think he was gonna live forever. (Sniffles) Oh. (Sighs) I can't do it. (Crying) I don't know if I have it in me to say good-bye to him. 
(Sniffles) (Exhales deeply) (Sniffles) Ohh. (Sniffles) Sammy... 
(Sniffles) (Sniffles) Sammy, thank you. Thank you for being such a good friend... (Sniffles) Such a good listener. (Laughs) And thank you for making me smile... (Sniffles) Every day, even on the worst of 'em. Thank you for teaching me about loyalty... And friendship. Thank you for teaching me how to love. (Sniffles) Oh, Sammy, thank you, thank you, thank you. Thank you, thank you. Thank you. (Children laugh) (Laughs) Sammy. Are you licking Daddy? Oh, yeah, that's great. (Laughs) 
Oh, Sammy. (Squeals and laughs) It's okay. It's okay. You go on now, okay? (Exhales) (Sniffles) 
You go play. (Sniffles) You go play. We're right here. 
(Sniffles) Come on. Who splashes someone with ice-cold slush and just drives off? A trucker from yonkers. Oh. Well, look, let's get you dry. Um, I got towels in the bathroom, but hold on. Here. Oh. Um, do you have any pictures of your dog? We can take the poster boards from that presentation we're gonna fail and put them to good use. Good idea. (Door squeaks) (Door closes) (Crying) 
Declan. Charlotte? Oh, what are you doing here? Are you okay? They're awful, Declan... My entire family. Look, I'm... I'm so sorry for pulling your tuition. I'll cash in one of my savings bonds-- Actually, I got it covered. Or Nolan does. I mean, the guy's got, uh... A heart as big as his checkbook. See? Someone else appreciates how good you are. Can I stay with you tonight? Are all your t-shirts deep v's? You'd do great with the girls back home in Yonkers. Wow. You work fast. No, Charlotte, it's not what you think it is. Yonkers, huh? Didn't even need the trashy tee to figure that one out. (Exhales) 
What did you just say? Because I'm pretty sure you don't know the first thing about my life. You, on the other hand, are a walking tabloid. Everyone has things in their past they don't want people to know about. Right, Declan? (Daniel) Are you really so blinded by your hatred for Dad that you've lost sight of me and Charlotte? I have always had both of your best interests at heart. Your father is guilty of heinous crimes, Daniel. And what about you? I know the whole story, so you can quit playing innocent. Dad told me everything. I don't know what lies he told you, but you would do well to remember that there are three sides to every story. Oh, and which one did you sell to the feds? You go through with destroying Dad, and you're dead to me. (Exhales deeply) (Sniffles) He was a really good friend. (Sniffles) So were you. (Sobbing) Oh, Jack, I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. (Sniffles) (Sobbing) I'm so sorry. (Sniffling) (Panting) I think that should be it. I'll go get him. Are you okay? (Sniffles) It's just nice, having somebody with me. I always thought it would be Amanda. Now it feels like the only part of me left hanging on to her is gonna be buried with him. (Sniffles) (Sighs) Maybe Sammy knew it was time for you to let go. Maybe that's why he jumped up on you in the park that day... Why he kept running over to your house. He was leading me to you. (Exhales) 
Emily... What are we gonna do now? I don't know. (Shovel thuds) (Brakes squeal) (Shifts gears) You're late. Relax. (Footsteps approach) I'm going to agree to your ultimatum. My devotion to you trumps everything, Daniel. I only hope that I can repair the damage I've caused. This is the evidence I was planning on turning over. Now your father had it stashed away for years as insurance because he's not the only one it incriminates. What you choose to do with it is entirely up to you. (Clattering) (Clicks briefcase latches) (Exhales) (Keypad beeps) (Auto dials) (Phone rings) (Conrad) Yes, Daniel? Mom buckled. She gave me the evidence. It's right here in my briefcase. Good work, son. Bring it to me in the morning. (Beep) (Sniffles) Dec... I got some bad news. Sammy? He's gone. (Crying) (Cell phone rings) (Ring) (Rings and beeps) (Sighs) I was just gonna call you. Oh, to yell at me again for saving your life? No. To thank you. I'm starting to see the light at the end of the tunnel. (Sighs deeply) If I had gone through with it today... There'd be no light... Ever. But now... (Clicks keyboard keys) We have got eyes inside his house. You shoulda seen me, Ems. I hacked into an electrical grid, jammed a satellite, and... Paid off a cable guy. You'd have been proud. I am proud. You're a good friend. (Car door closes) I gotta go. 
(Beep) (Sighs) (Beep) 
(Chuckles) They say grief occurs in five stages. First, there's denial. (Door opens) Emily? Hey. Followed by anger. Daniel, I'm so sorry. Oh, babe, I, uh... Then comes bargaining, depression, and acceptance. Come on. Let's go to bed. Yeah. But grief is a merciless master. Just when you think you're free... You realize, you never stood a chance. 8:20? Wait. That's not right. Ohh! 
(Grunts) Shh. 
(Grunts) (Groaning) 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 