Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x07 - Regeneration - Ransom 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x07 - Regeneration https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=806&t=31118 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/19/17 06:19 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x07 - Regeneration 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 ♪ 
 Eric : How many people do you think are kidnapped in your average year? 
 It's around 300,000, and in 95% of those cases, it's never reported to the police. 
 This is where Crisis Resolution comes into play. 
 We operate in the shadows... a dark place where dialing 911 could get your nearest and dearest killed. 
 Our mandate is to save lives without the use of violence. 
 Now, since the people we deal with often don't subscribe to that particular mandate, it is no walk in the park. 
 So how do we do it? 
 Well, it boils down to objective versus stakes. 
 Now, this is really just a fancy way of saying “want versus need.” 
 Now, you guys are scientists, you're epidemiologists, so your want might be to cure some unpronounceable, incurable disease. 
 [ Laughter ] 
 But your need is to feel like you are making a difference. 
 [ Cellphone buzzes ] 
 Now, a kidnapper may say that they want $6 million, but what they need is to provide for some critically ill loved one. 
 Now, if I can identify and satisfy that need, a hostage comes home safely. 
 Thank you. 
 Thank you very much. 
 [ Light music plays ] 
 Mr. Beaumont. 
 Quite inspirational. 
 A welcome change from discussing the vectors for Zika and Ebola. 
 Thank you, Dr. Wallace. 
 Happy to provide a diversion from the serious stuff. 
 Well, managing scientists is like herding cats. 
 You gave me some good points. 
 Can I get you a drink? 
 Beer would be perfect. 
 So, you hand over money to kidnappers? 
 Sometimes. 
 So, because of you, kidnappers keep kidnapping? 
 I mean, you help them make money, right? 
 Well, not all kidnapping is about money. 
 Sometimes people just want to make a point. 
 Well, if there was no money in it, you know, basically, it would just stop, right? 
 Cameron. 
 No, you may have a point. 
 I mean, if no one paid, if we stopped negotiating altogether, then kidnapping might subside... for a while. 
 Problem is, it would take time for the kidnappers to get the message, so you'd have to accept the deaths of thousands just to test your hypothesis. 
 Would you be willing to do that? 
 Sacrifice for the greater good. 
 Sometimes you have to. 
 Anyway, it's all irrelevant. 
 [ Sighs ] 
 I am so sorry, Mr. Beaumont. 
 Oh, don't be. I have a teenager of my own. 
 [ Chuckles ] 
 Alexis Tremblay, research director at the NEC. 
 A pleasure. Excuse me. 
 I can't seem to get through to my son at all these days. 
 My daughter has her moments, too. 
 [ Chuckles ] 
 To be honest, it surprised me when Cameron asked to come. 
 He's never shown any interest in my research. 
 I don't know. I think I can see why he came. 
 He found a friend. 
 That must be a grad student. 
 I noticed a few of them here. 
 Right. 
 Your beer. 
 Thank you, sir. 
 I hate to break up the party, but we've a plane to catch. 
 CEO kidnapped in Tunisia. 
 Okay, well, duty calls. 
 Another time, perhaps. 
 Sure. 
 Thank you. 
 Sorry I had to drag you away from your adoring fans back there. 
 I don't know what you're talking about. 
 [ Laughs ] 
 You know they loved your talk. 
 Aren't they pretty. 
 Time to change the world. 
 Have you ever, uh... used your technique to, um... 
 “influence” a lady? 
 Before you were married, of course. 
 That'd be unethical. 
 That doesn't answer my question. 
 [ Gunshots ] 
 Was that... 
 Sounds like. 
 Automatic weapons, multiple shooters. 
 All right, return to the mainland. 
 Alert the police. Call Oliver and Zara. 
 Eric, you have no idea what's going on in there. 
 So I'm gonna go find out. 
 I need you to get back and run point. 
 Me? I'm not leaving you. 
 Get to the boat. Wait there. 
 I'll get a situation report. 
 [ Gunfire ] 
 Man : Everybody on the ground! 
 On the ground... now! 
 Woman : On the ground now! 
 Man #2 : Get down! 
 [ Indistinct shouting ] 
 Go on, by the window! 
 Woman : Down on the ground, right now! 
 Get back down! 
 Stay down! 
 Bad news, people. 
 Bar's closed. 
 Come on. 
 Man : Heads down! 
 [ Cellphone chimes ] 
 Get down! 
 How fast can this thing go? 
 [ Engine starts ] 
 Inside. 
 ♪ 
♪ 
 [ Police radio chatter ] 
 Am I pleased to see you. 
 What happened? 
 I didn't split on Eric. 
 He made me leave him on the island. 
 We know that, Max. Are you okay? 
 Yeah. 
 Do the hostage takers know you got off the island? 
 They took the building just as we were leaving. 
 It was an unchartered boat, so I'm pretty sure they don't. 
 So as far as they're concerned, no one outside the island even knows there's a hostage-taking. 
 Yeah. I... I spoke to the OPP commander. 
 He's a fan of Eric's, knows what he does. 
 He's agreed to keep it quiet... for now. 
 Good. 
 Any indication as to motive? 
 All Eric said was that there was 8 to 10 of them Mm. and they're all young. 
 Zara : So, there it is... an island. 
 Impossible to approach without being detected. 
 [ Dialing ] 
 Who are you calling? 
 Saunders. We need a negotiator. 
 He can be here in 45 minutes. 
 Eric said  I  should take the lead on this. 
 He did? 
 She  is  his second. 
 When do I stop being a newbie? 
 Lead the way. 
 [ Seagulls crying ] 
 We're gonna be passing around some bags. 
 Place your belongings and cellphones inside. 
 Don't be shy. 
 And don't worry. 
 It's not like you'll be needing them. 
 [ People gasping ] 
 I want to be with my son. 
 Excuse me. 
 Shut up! 
 We need to stay calm. Your son's okay where he is. 
 The less we antagonize them, the better. 
 Mom. I'm okay. 
 These aren't rich people you're stealing from. 
 This is a conference for scientists and researchers. 
 He's boring me. 
 [ People gasp ] 
 Here. Take mine. 
 Everybody do as he asks. 
 You see? His speech wasn't just talk. 
 The art of negotiation actually works. 
 You give me what I want, I'll let you live a short while longer. 
 We have a deal? 
 My drops... I need them. 
 This is what you do, right? Handle situations like this? 
 Normally, from the outside. 
 But yeah, it's not my first rodeo. 
 Does that mean you know how to get us out of here? 
 Please tell me you do. 
 I'll find out what they want and give them what they need. 
 Is it money that they want? 
 They've gone to an awful lot of trouble for a robbery. 
 I need to contact my team. 
 But you just gave up your phone. 
 Yeah, that's right. 
 What do they want? 
 Commander Corman? 
 This is Zara Hallam, investigator, and Oliver Yates, psychological profiler. 
 Beaumont's team. Glad you're here. 
 Have you had any contact with the hostage takers? 
 None. 
 And we've kept out of sight while we go over assault scenarios. 
 There's no angle we can approach the island without sending a five-minute warning we're coming. 
 And even if we manage to hit land, the building itself is a rabbit warren. 
 Clearing it room by room, all potentially rigged with traps, it's gonna take some time. 
 Well, all the more reason to attempt negotiations first. 
 I'll have to clear that with the commissioner. 
 Having Eric on the inside could be useful, but no contact from the assailants suggests they're not exactly the negotiating type. 
 What would your first move be? 
 We need to identify and profile the hostage takers. 
 It's essential to understanding who we're negotiating with. 
 We gather the hostage takers were in the audience with Eric. 
 Which means they would've needed conference IDs to get past security. 
 Can you access the conference database? 
 We're looking for 8 to 10 people, all in their early 20s. 
 Okay. We'll share our I.T. 
 I'll check with HQ for anything more. 
 Thank you. 
 Oliver : I'll get started on the VEB. 
 I'll be right there. 
 [ Sighs ] 
 You're doing fine, Max. 
 Just don't forget to breathe. 
 Where the hell are you going? 
 I want to help your boss. 
 Sit down. 
 Whoa! 
 Let the negotiator through. 
 I want to see him work his magic on me. 
 [ Sniffs ] 
 My cellphone is in that bag over there. 
 And in four minutes, my team is going to call. 
 Oh, I see. 
 This is the part where you identify some common ground to build rapport between us. 
 If I don't answer when it rings, my team will assume something's wrong and take action. 
 What kind of action? 
 Police action. 
 I'm presuming a bunch of cops coming across the water isn't gonna help you achieve whatever it is you're trying to do here. 
 Well, if I let you answer the phone, you might say something stupid. 
 In which case, you'd shoot me, like those guards back there. 
 Your only way of keeping the police away is by letting me answer. 
 [ Scoffs ] 
 You're good. 
 He is very good. 
 [ Sighs ] 
 All right, bring me the damn phones. 
 You know what, old man? 
 I kind of hope you do say something stupid. 
 Okay, so, we got eight registered attendees between the ages of 19 and 23. 
 All submitted false names, none with any ties to the NEC. 
 So eight hostage takers who got credentialed somehow. 
 Criminal records? 
 Doesn't look like it, but these four all have a history of activism... environmental, anti-animal testing, some pretty extreme left politics. 
 The National Epidemic Center is renowned for discovering cures for some of the most dangerous diseases out there. 
 What kind of activist would have a problem with that? 
 Okay, commissioner's patient to a point. 
 She's willing to see if Beaumont can set up a negotiation, but it's got to be fast. 
 Okay, good. Thank you, Commander. 
 We've ID'd some of the hostage takers. 
 Seems they're activists, suggesting an environmental motive. 
 Send everything you've got to my people, and we'll run it through our CPIC database. 
 How long ago did Eric send you that text? 
 1 hour, 58 minutes ago. 
 T-minus two minutes. 
 Protocol. 
 For when a team member is taken hostage. 
 We make a prearranged call. 
 I'll inform the commander. 
 Saunders is a good first, and he also knows protocol. 
 You really think she's got this? 
 She'd better. 
 Eric's bet his life on it. 
 Lucas : Maybe they're not gonna call. 
 Ring, for God's sakes. 
 Oh, this is fun. 
 [ Laughs ] 
 [ Cellphone rings ] 
 [ Laughs ] 
 Speaker. 
 And if I hear any word that I don't like... 
 [ Gun cocks ] 
 Eric speaking. 
 Eric, this is Maxine Carlson  from the Crisis Resolution head office. 
 Hey, Maxine. 
 I think I was late with my last check-in, wasn't I? 
 That's right... you were. 
 We were just about to activate our rescue protocols. Well, the good news is, I'm fine. You don't need to come get me. I know I'm expected on a plane to Tunis,  but, uh, the damn traffic en route to the airport is impossible, so I'm gonna need time to find another way. That's enough. [ Cellphone beeps ] [ Dial tone ] Did he just hang up on us? Someone hung up  for  him. Eric :  ...damn traffic en route to the airport is impossible. What does that mean? “Traffic en route is impossible.” Okay, first port of call is establish decision maker. He's saying negotiating with the leader is gonna be impossible. I'm gonna need time to find another way. “Find another way”" Someone else. He needs time to find someone else he  can  negotiate with. Well, the good news is, I'm fine. You don't need to come get me. He wants us to keep the police from storming in there. Then let's hope he gets someone talking to us pronto. The OPP won't hold off for long. Let's go. You see? He is smart. He proved that he's worthy of my trust. Did you listen to the part of my talk where I said I would do anything, say, help anyone if it would save lives? I already knew that. I read about you when I knew you were gonna be here. Pretty impressive. [ Inhales sharply ] Honestly, not that impressive. What I'm saying is, I can help you. It's too late for that, old man. [ Scoffs ] Look at the world around you. Terrorism, poverty, water rising, wildlife dying. Where were you then? Huh? Where have you been? All of you! Finally. All right. Take him. Donald : Take me? Take... Where?! Don't worry. It'll be quick and painless. Let me... Let me go in his place. Don't worry! Donald : Where are you taking me?! You want to be brave, but what you need to do is shut up. ♪ 
♪ They're going to kill Dr. Wallace. I don't think so. Why not? The guy in charge wouldn't hesitate to kill in front of us. He's looking for something. Max. Oliver thinks he's identified the leader. Lucas Hansen... not your typical hostage taker. Impressive GPA. Graduate degree in poli sci at 22. Donated half his scholarship to a cancer charity. Spent two months de-oiling birds after a tanker broke up in Puget Sound. And if that didn't qualify him for sainthood, he also volunteered at a shelter for runaway youth. De-oiling birds? What a monster. What makes you think he's calling the shots? 12 years ago, a pipeline burst in his hometown. Water supply was contaminated. Both his father and younger brother died of lymphoma within five years. No charges were ever laid. Government deemed the accident “unpreventable.” Personal trauma mixed with an ideological disposition... The profile associated with stochastic terrorism. Lone wolves not engaged in organized extremism. The Tsarnaev brothers, the San Bernardino killers. So Eric is right. He's an ideologue who will not negotiate. That's it. We got to go in. No, not... not yet, Commander. Then what? [ Cellphone rings ] Excuse me. It's the commissioner. Saved by the bell. What are you gonna do? Eric is counterintuitive. Mm-hmm. He succeeds because he doesn't do the obvious. Maybe I was wrong all along. I just assumed the hostage takers should remain in the dark, but maybe they need to know we're onto them. [ Sighs ] You were right. He's okay. You're next. Get up! Alexis : What are they doing? Eric : Yeah, I'm gonna see what I can find out. Here you go. I'm not thirsty. Yes, you are. What happened in there? They searched me, emptied my pockets. Took a photograph. Photograph? Close-up of my face... some kind of special camera. Special how? Get back to your seats. Hostage-taking 101. Keep your hostages hydrated. I need to know everything your organization does. Leave nothing out. You said remaining out of sight gave us a significant advantage, and now you want to do the complete opposite? Yes... sirens, boats, choppers, even. The more visible the police presence, the more pressure it puts on the hostage takers. Eric will use that pressure to force a negotiation. You also said this was an ideologue who won't negotiate. I got to be honest here... Your back-and-forthing isn't exactly flooding me with confidence in your ability. Look, we need to buy Eric time so he can negotiate, Commander. Negotiate with whom? That's exactly what he'll be working on as we speak. This show of force will give him leverage. Okay. I'll give you your show of force. But I hope you know what you're doing. The National Epidemic Center is about curing infectious diseases. Anything off-book? High-stakes? We handle a lot of Level 4 material. Level 4? What is that? Reserved for the most dangerous... aerosol-transmitted, fatal to humans. Any Level 4 samples ever gone missing? A sample was stolen during a break-in at our archive four months ago. A sample of what? No one knows for sure. RCMP, Homeland Security both investigated. Whoever took it covered their tracks. You think it's connected. 
 
 [ Helicopter blades whirring ] Man : What is that? The police. They're rescuing us. No, that's not what this is. Get them to the basement... now. Everybody, downstairs! Let's go! Let's go! [ Indistinct talking, whimpering ] They found us. Check the scanners. Find out what they're planning. [ Indistinct shouting ] Gutsy move. Gutsy or crazy? You bet on Eric. I like those odds. Then where is he? Keri : Let's go! Move, move! Let me talk to your boss. Not happening. Move. The police launch an assault, a lot of people get hurt... mainly you and your friends. I can stop this. Let's move! Let's move! Keri : Lucas. [ Scoffs ] Clever man. That phone call... you ratted us out. You can't expect to lock down 100 people without someone getting the word out. What's important now is that the police know, and you have to deal with that. I can tell you what to say. What are you gonna do if the police storm the island? Start executing old people. Old people. Right. Now, you know that I will do anything to avert loss of life. If that means convincing the cops to back the hell off, then that's what I'll do. He's calling! [ Telephone rings ] [ Ringing ] [ Telephone rings ] Contact. Maxine Carlson speaking. Maxine again. Lucas. The police have you surrounded. Yeah, well, call them off or I'm gonna start putting bullets in vital organs. If you want me to persuade the police to abort, I'm gonna need to offer them an incentive, Lucas. Let me guess... You want me to release some hostages? You don't need all those people. You're asking me to reduce my leverage. How stupid do you think I am, Ms. Carlson? I strongly advise you to comply, Ms. Carlson. If you come breaking in here, you'll spread terror and wind up killing who knows how many. That's enough. [ Dial tone ] Zara : Eric's sending us another message. Okay, intonation rise and fall was clear enough. Keywords... “breaking in, spread terror.” “Wind up killing”" “Spread.” This conference is about infectious diseases. Infections spread. He's saying they're gonna use a disease as a weapon. Okay, what about “breaking in”? Uh, something stolen from the NEC? From the lab? Commander? Are you certain about this? Bryce, what is it we should know about? You need to tell us everything. I need some clearance before I can say anything further. [ Cellphone beeps ] Man :  Commander has requested you return to base. Over. River : He did it. They've called off the police. What happened? What about the police? They're gone. River : You... you're next. They still haven't found Let's go. What they're looking for. When you said you couldn't get through to Cameron, why do you think that is? Not sure. Until a couple years ago, he was my sweet boy... engaged, tuned in to the world. He takes it out on you. He still blames me for kicking his dad out. I think he feels like he doesn't fit in anywhere. Come with me. If you reveal any of the following classified information, you'll be subject to criminal prosecution. Understood. The NEC's HQ in Ottawa has been under lockdown since last month, when a trace amount of a viral sample went missing. Tell me more about this archive at the NEC. What are the samples stored in? Titanium containers... specially designed. They can only be opened with a retinal scan. Who's authorized? Define “viral sample.” A genetically modified strain of the flu virus known as H1N1. The NEC was working on a cure, but when they modified it, wound up with something more lethal. The transmission vector is aggressive and unpredictable. Best case, it could kill a few hundred. Worst case, a few hundred thousand. Maybe more. Only the highest-level employees have clearance to the most hazardous materials. Alexis... are  you  one of those high level employees? If Lucas broke into the NEC... It's stochastic terrorism. Release a deadly virus, cause massive loss of life, unleash chaos. Dr. Wallace said that they took his picture on a special camera. What if it has the capacity to bypass or trick a retinal scanner? They could open the container without anyone knowing. Oh, my God. I'm the only one at the conference with clearance. It's me. They're looking for me. ♪ 
♪ Maxine : If Lucas gets hold of that virus, who knows what he could do. As soon as I report this, I will be ordered to launch an assault. You do that, and a lot of those hostages are gonna die. Well, not as many as if they release that virus. Give Eric one more hour. If he tries to leave the island with it, you have the means to stop it. No. This is above my pay grade and non-negotiable. Soon as my team's prepped, we're... we're going in. We have to stop him. We have no jurisdiction here. We have to get Eric more time. Something's still missing. River : Who's next? Ma'am? You asked to keep your drops earlier. That's right. Do you wear contact lenses? Yes. I was hoping you were gonna say that. Can I borrow them? Pardon me? Your contacts. Crazy as it sounds, if you don't give them to me, we're all gonna die. Here. Put these in. Don't let them see. I don't wear contact lenses. I'm hoping it'll distort your retinas enough to fool the camera. Don't let them see. Hey. Got it. The hostage takers used the account of a senior researcher, Alexis Tremblay, to get credentialed for the conference. She's the woman that was flirting with Eric. That's not unusual. She has a son in there, about 19. He was giving Eric a hard time. Can you find anything on him? Already did. Cameron Tremblay. Yeah, that's him. Oh, these things hurt. You. Your turn. Now! Oliver : Seems Cameron has been hanging out for the past two months in a chat room with one Keri Morel. One of our hostage takers. Their conversations are a mix of misguided idealism and racing hormones. I think she targeted him. That could be it. Cameron used his mother's access to get them credentialed into the conference. So they could have a mole on the inside. Eric will figure this out. More than likely. He'll use it. I'm gonna tell Commander Corman. Oliver. Thank you. Sit. No blinking. [ Beeping ] It's not her. Well, what do you know. River : You. Let's go. The lenses worked. They're still looking. These things are killing me. Don't take them out just yet. There's no one looking. Hey, Mom? You should go back. We don't want to antagonize the hostage takers. I want to talk to my mom. Just a second, honey. [ Sniffs ] Mom, are you crying? What's wrong with your eyes? I'm okay. You don't wear contacts. It's you they want. You don't have to do this, Cameron. I know they asked you to pretend to be a hostage so you could spy on us. What are you talking about? Don't. Lucas! Lucas? Cameron. What is going on? Whatever he told you this is about, it's not. It's all about  him. Lucas : What's up? It's my mom. She used contact lenses to screw with the camera. She's the one who can open it. Isn't this typical? You asked for our trust, and then you betray us. Trust needs to be earned. And then it's rewarded. [ People gasping, murmuring ] Let's try her again, shall we? All right, let's go. I said let's go! No! Baby! Why are you doing this?! [ Crying ] Cameron, please! Why are you doing this?! ♪ 
♪ [ Police radio chatter ] What is it? What's going on? Our explosives detector just picked up a trace signal and located it to this spot. Oliver : What the hell? Bryce : That's ammonium nitrate. This much could destroy the whole building and everyone inside. This is his backup plan in case the police surrounded him. He knew we'd have to base ourselves here. Hey, this thing could go any second. He won't trigger it until he's unlocked that virus. Can you defuse it? We're gonna try. All right people, listen up. We're going in hot. You, get BDU here right now. You two, come with me. Yes, sir. Roger that. Man : All right, guys, let's get things in motion. You two with me. Let's go. Commander. Eric has a way to negotiate this. What are you talking about? Cameron. He's the son of one of the scientists. He's working with Lucas, but he's not really one of them. And his mother's present. I know somehow Eric will use that against Lucas. You just have to give him time. And I'll somehow win the Powerball. There's a madman in there with a deadly virus and a detonator. The end. Eric Beaumont hasn't lost a hostage in 17 years. I know he'll come through. I admire your faith in him, I really do. [ Exhales sharply ] You have an hour of daylight left. Give me half that. If we hear nothing, then... go in. We have a chance here, however small, for zero casualties. There are two guards down already. All right. I'll give you half an hour. Whatever he's paying you, it's not enough. Thank you. Zara : Well? Okay. He's giving us half an hour. I have an idea that will help Eric. [ Beep ] [ Door opens ] Thank you. We have a problem. Chatter on the police radio. They found the explosives. Mr. Beaumont. Can you negotiate with these people? Not with their leader. He's too far gone. Then who? Lucas wants you. Careful. Safety's off. So, you got the virus. Congratulations. But I sense something has gone wrong. You're gonna negotiate our way out of here. They discovered your escape plan. So, what was it? Some kind of distraction to divert their attention while you got away? Enough explosive to blow your team sky-high unless you make the phone call. Which is exactly why you're gonna negotiate our way out of here. Well, you could do that even if I agree. Yeah, well, you'll just have to trust me. I thought you were listening. You need to build a rapport in order to earn trust. If they've found your explosives, the police have covered every route out of here. There is no negotiator in the world that can get you off this island. You are stuck, my friend. Yeah, well, what's stopping me from releasing this here and now then? Lucas, that's not what... The plan? Let me guess. He told you he's gonna use it as leverage to bring about the change you all so desperately want. 'Course, he'd never actually release it, right? They would die for me. Will you let  your  team die because of you? [ Breathing shakily ] As much as I love my guys, it's hardly a tough choice if it means saving the lives of hundreds of thousands. Is this what you signed up for? Killing every person you know and love so he can go down in history as the man who changed the world? Hmm? I'm not bluffing. I'll do it. Oh, I know you will. [ Beeping ] Two more minutes. He'll come through. [ Beeping continues ] [ Beep ] [ Seagulls crying ] Make the call. Where were you? I just... Do it! You know, truth is, I agree with you. My generation  has  screwed up. We wasted natural resources, we polluted the oceans, we tanked the economy, but releasing that virus is not going to bring down the system, if that's what your goal is. [ Ringing ] It's just gonna make it worse. [ Sighs ] Damn. Straight to voicemail. I don't know. Do I... Do I leave a message? [ Scoffs ] Let's shoot this smug b*st*rd. You're kidding me, right? Give her a moment. Committing murder can be a life-changing decision. Lucas, you... you never said anything about releasing the virus. [ Scoffs ] Sacrifice for the greater good. That is what you meant, isn't it? Well, you know what they say. Want something done right... you got to do it yourself. Better he lives. Trust me. [ Gasping ] Thank you. [ Gun uncocks ] [ Sirens wailing ] ♪ I turn to you whenever I'm hurt ♪ 
♪ And I hang on you and your every word ♪ 
♪ You're rarely wrong ♪ 
♪ I hate to put up a fight ♪ 
♪ You're rarely wrong ♪ 
♪ But this time, you might ♪ 
♪ Every boy in this town ♪ 
♪ Would jump at the chance ♪ 
♪ But no one can love you ♪ 
♪ Like I can ♪ 
♪ And it's you ♪ So, how'd it go over here? You miss me? Yeah. I did. You know I did. You just want me to feel needed. I knew you could handle it. Thank you. Thank  you. ♪ You think it's all just a big risk ♪ Not wishing to overstep boundaries, but are you out of your mind? Well, that depends on the context, Oliver. Maxine's only been with the team for a few months. You had no way of knowing whether she'd succeed. And what's worse, it's unfair to Maxine. People could've died today, and she would have to deal with that the rest of her life. You, of all people, should understand that. Whose idea was it to broadcast to the hostage takers that the police had found a bomb? Maxine's. She knew that it would force Lucas to come to me. Yeah. Yeah, pretty smart. Then I guess she was ready. And I guess... You... ...I was right. Right, yeah. You love to hear that, don't you? It is music to my ears, Oliver. Music to my ears. ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 