Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x05 - Episode 5 - A Discovery of Witches 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x05 - Episode 5 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=1008&t=42768 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/19/21 13:33 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x05 - Episode 5 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Matthew: Once the world was full of wonders, but it belongs to humans now. We creatures have all but disappeared - demons, vampires and witches... Hiding in plain sight, fearful of discovery, ill at ease, even with each other. But, as my father used to say... In every ending there is a new beginning. 
 Marthe: Witch water. Power like that is rarely seen nowadays. What you did I've not seen for many centuries. 
 Diana: I didn't mean for it to happen. Witch water, witch wind... It's just more magic that my body can't control. 
 Marthe: Give it time. 
 Diana: I should go to Madison. See if my aunts can help me. 
 Ysabeau: You're not going anywhere for now. And I made my son a promise… Get dressed, we're going hunting. 
 Miriam: The lab's secured. We've accounted for everything. 
 Marcus: It was witches. Their scent was everywhere. They tried hacking into the computers. 
 Miriam: They failed, of course. Our servers are impenetrable. 
 Matthew: I need to see it for myself. 
 Matthew: This is Peter Knox's doing. 
 Miriam: It's because of you, Matthew. We've run this lab for years without being noticed. Flown under the radar of humans and creatures. Then suddenly, it's all jeopardized because you decide to mate with a witch. 
 Matthew: That is enough, Miriam. 
 Miriam: Don't even begin to deny it. I'm the only one of us who's mated before. I know the signs. 
 Marcus: Dominico knows, too. Ysabeau phoned me. 
 Matthew: Dominico can go to hell… You're absolutely positive nothing was stolen? Diana's DNA samples, her bloods? 
 Miriam: They're secure. 
 Marcus: You think this was about Diana? 
 Matthew: Of course this is about Diana… I know that scent. 
 Miriam: Where are you going? Matthew, don't go there! Call Baldwin. It's time we told him the truth. 
 Baldwin: What do you mean, they're mating? 
 Marcus: He's fighting it. He's gone back to Oxford and she's at Sept-Tours. Ysabeau says he will respect the Covenant. He just needs to get his head straight. 
 Baldwin: I thought this was about The Book of Life. 
 Marcus: It was. It still is. But there's more to it than that. Someone broke into the lab, witches. Matthew thinks they were looking for information about Diana. I was just thinking, with you being a member of the Congregation and the head of our family that... 
 Baldwin: That I could save him? Matthew never destroys only himself, Marcus. He always drags the rest of us down with him. Well, I can't help him this time. If he breaks the rules... He pays the price. 
 Ysabeau: I thought I'd take you hunting. Have you ever seen a vampire hunt? It's not as romantic as humans believe. It's relentless and it's brutal. 
 Ysabeau: Do not come anywhere near me when I'm hunting, do you understand? 
 Diana: Yes. 
 Ysabeau: If the animal scent gets confused with yours, I can't promise I won't attack you instead. 
 Gillian: What do you want? 
 Matthew: Still marking undergraduate essays. Is that why you're jealous of Diana? 
 Gillian: I'm not jealous of her. 
 Matthew: Or is this about preferment? Has Knox told you you're going to rise in the ranks? Why did you break into my lab? I smelt your scent… What were you looking for, I wonder? Tell me. 
 Gillian: Makes me sick that she'd debase herself with a vampire… He was right. The sooner your kind are wiped from the face of the Earth the better. 
 Ysabeau: This is the nature of vampires. Could you be with my son knowing that he kills? That hunting like this is the only way for him to survive? 
 Diana: If you're trying to frighten me away from your son... You've failed. 
 Ysabeau: Marthe said this wouldn't be enough to make you reconsider. 
 Diana: Well, she was right. Can we go home now? 
 Sylvia: Gillian. Gillian. 
 Sigismund: Sylvia reports that Miss Chamberlain took photos when she was inside the laboratory, but De Clermont took her phone. 
 Peter: Can Sylvia tell us anything that Gillian saw? 
 Sigismund: It appears the vampires are studying witches' DNA. 
 Peter: What's Clermont up to? Testing witches? 
 Sigismund: It's good Miss Chamberlain discovered it. 
 Peter: But why did she break into a vampire laboratory in the first place? 
 Sigismund: She could have been killed. 
 Peter: Matthew de Clermont abducted her friend. She must have been acting out of concern for Diana. 
 Sigismund: Will one of us need to go to Oxford? 
 Peter: Sylvia will handle Oxford and Gillian Chamberlain. We'll be needed here. 
 Diana: Hey, Sarah. I'm sorry I haven't called. 
 Sarah: Oh, no matter. Just talk to us now. 
 Emily: Honey, is everything okay? 
 Diana: This Venetian vampire came. He's on the Congregation. He told me about the Covenant. How come I didn't know about this? 
 Sarah: Well... You... You turned your back on being a witch. You... You refused to talk about magic. We didn't tell you because... It wasn't relevant to your life. 
 Diana: Well, it is now. I love Matthew… I can't help myself. 
 Sarah: That's impossible. Witches and vampires can't be together. 
 Diana: Yeah, everyone keeps telling me that. But for me there... There is no choice. 
 Sarah: You cannot put yourself in that danger. 
 Diana: I thought you two might understand. 
 Emily: Honey, it's just the Congregation is going to do everything in their power to stop a mixed species relationship. 
 Diana: They don't get to choose who I love, no matter the consequences. 
 Emily: Honey, what does Matthew have to say about all this? 
 Diana: He... He hasn't told me how he feels yet. 
 Hamish: You've left her with Ysabeau? A twisted idea of culture. 
 Matthew: She loves me. Or she says she does. 
 Hamish: And you love her? Oh, Christ, Matthew. 
 Matthew: I know. I've been fooling myself that the Congregation would no longer care. And somehow she didn't even know about the Covenant. 
 Hamish: Why should they tell us who to love? They haven't stopped me. 
 Matthew: A relationship between a demon and a human doesn't threaten them, but a vampire and a witch. This vampire, a De Clermont no less, and this witch. Honestly, Hamish, she... She is astonishingly powerful. And she's clever and funny. She's full of courage. 
 Hamish: Then don't fall in the trap of thinking for her. This isn't just about the Congregation, is it? 
 Matthew: She's an historian. I am her latest research subject. 
 Hamish: Ah! And you fear she'll come to know your past? I know about it and I love you… There are many things in this life one can control… Love is not one of them. If you love her, then don't let anything get in your way. 
 Ysabeau: Matthew has been living for 1,500 years. You've been with him a few days. You know nothing about him. It's time you began to understand. Matthew was born in the village. He'd drive his father mad, following him around, picking up his work tools. He became a craftsman, just like his father… This is what I wanted you to see. Matthew built it. 
 Diana: "Peace. Perfect peace. Blanca and Lucas." Who were Blanca and Lucas? 
 Ysabeau: When Matthew was human, he had a wife and son. 
 Diana: What happened to them? 
 Ysabeau: Fever spread through the village. Lucas was just a small boy. He'd not long turned five. He and Blanca were both struck with the sickness and died. He laid this stone in their memory… Matthew's true love will always be Blanca. She gave him a son. You'll never be able to bear a child by him. In 1,500 years, Matthew has never mated. And I don't think he ever will. It's forever. 
 Diana: I will never leave him. 
 Ysabeau: Of course you will. Your life is fleeting compared with a vampire's. When you are long gone... Matthew will have to carry on living without you, just as he did with Blanca. 
 Villager: Madame De Clermont. 
 Ysabeau: Ah! Bon jour, madame. Comment allez-vous? 
 Ysabeau: I sired Matthew in the church… No one knew whether he slipped or if he jumped. His body lay here on the ground. His legs and back broken. Dying man. I told him I could take his suffering away and make him live forever. He was so out of his mind with pain, I don't think he completely understood what he'd agreed to. 
 Diana: If I could use my blood to save him, I would. 
 Ysabeau: I felt the gods were giving me an opportunity to make a child. 
 Diana: And afterwards? How did he adapt? 
 Ysabeau: Matthew was in a rage at being sired. His need to feed was... Endless. 
 Diana: I can't imagine him like that. He's always... So controlled. 
 Ysabeau: He would go away for periods of time. Philippe forbade me asking where he'd been. Matthew was in a dark place, doing things Philippe didn't want my eyes to see. 
 Peter: I demand that Diana be removed from the clutches of the De Clermont family and be brought back to the witches. Last night, the equilibrium between the species was further threatened when Matthew de Clermont brutally attacked a witch. 
 Baldwin: Gillian Chamberlain was attacked because she was trespassing on vampire territory. Rules are rules. 
 Agatha: We won't survive if the vampires continue to abuse their power in the Congregation. 
 Baldwin: Careful, Agatha. 
 Peter: We must question Diana Bishop. And bring Matthew de Clermont to account. 
 Gerbert: I offer my services to retrieve the witch. Be assured, I can be a little more persuasive than Dominico. 
 Agatha: We can't leave the responsibility of her retrieval in the hands of just one creature. A representative from each species should go to Sept-Tours. 
 Baldwin: Sept-Tours is my property. I will not have a swarm of creatures invading my home. I will go and get Diana Bishop myself. 
 Satu: We must find a way to look inside Diana, see how she's hiding her power. 
 Peter: An opening spell. You can't put a living witch through that. They rarely survive the trauma. That sort of dark magic's unreliable and highly dangerous. It's almost impossible to master, anyway. It affects the spell-caster greatly. 
 Satu: What if Baldwin wants her for himself? 
 Peter: She's on his land. We have no choice but to let him go. 
 Satu: Have you ever considered working with other vampires against him? 
 Peter: Have you been talking with them? 
 Satu: No, of course not. 
 Peter: Dominico's a sneak. And Gerbert... Gerbert is unspeakable. It's long been rumoured that he's kept a witch captive for centuries in his drawer. You keep away from them both. 
 Nathaniel: Humans, they should be given the choice to either accept us or not. 
 Reese: A couple of witches at uni know what I am. 
 Demon woman: There's a big difference between a couple of witches knowing what you are and all humans knowing. 
 Nathaniel: The Congregation are running scared. The vampires and witches want to shut us up, keep us on the outside. They're afraid of us. They're afraid of what we might do if we come together, which is only natural, it's how we're supposed to be. 
 Reese: And the thing is, not all humans are ignorant when it comes to us. 
 Demon woman: Really?! What humans are we talking about? 
 Reese: I have mates at uni who are fine... 
 Nathaniel: Hold on a sec. 
 Reese: All right. Cool, nice one. 
 
 
 
 Nathaniel: Hey. Where have you  been? 
 Sophie: Sorry, I, erm... I... I fell asleep and I had this really weird dream. Agatha and the witch were in it and my dad saying over and over I have to tell the truth. 
 Nathaniel: Can we talk about this later? People are actually here, Soph. They came. Look, the forum actually worked. 
 Sophie: I know, Nat, but I figured it out. The dream. I, erm... I need to speak to your mum. I have to tell her about my family and what I am. 
 Nathaniel: Soph, you can't. 
 Sophie: I know, but... 
 Nathaniel: She's a Congregation member, okay? Think of the baby. It's not safe. 
 Sophie: But she'll understand. And I can't pass the statue on without her. The witch needs it. 
 Nathaniel: Okay. Let's do it. Yeah. 
 Diana: The Knights... Of Lazarus... Of Bethany. M, D, Cl. Matthew de Clermont. 
 Matthew: How are you? 
 Diana: Ysabeau has been keeping me entertained. Telling me stories about you. 
 Matthew: Yes, I was afraid of that. 
 Diana: According to her you're a mix between Superman and Lancelot. 
 Matthew: Well, I try. 
 Diana: Is everything okay? 
 Matthew: Yes. Yes, it doesn't look like anything's been taken. 
 Diana: Was it witches? Peter Knox? 
 Matthew: I don't want you to worry about that. 
 Diana: Okay. It's late. I'm going to go to bed. Goodnight, Matthew. 
 Matthew: Goodnight, Diana. 
 Miriam: Matthew? What are you doing? 
 Matthew: Comparing Diana's DNA to pre-11th-century witches. 
 Miriam: I already did that. The program didn't recognize her markers. 
 Matthew: Genetic mutations over the centuries made an exact match impossible, but... I compared the actual physical data. The similarities were unmistakable. Take a look. Go on. 
 Miriam: How is this possible? Everything before pointed to species decline. 
 Matthew: This changes everything, everything… Help me run them again. I need to get back and tell Diana what we've discovered. 
 Marthe: Good morning, Diana. Matthew called for you. He's on his way. 
 Diana: Tell me. 
 Matthew: If I do... There's no turning back. You have to understand what that means. 
 Diana: Ysabeau made me understand. Tell me. 
 Matthew: From this moment... We will always be one. Diana... I love you. 
 Ysabeau: Do you know what you have just done? 
 Matthew: If we're not welcome here, Diana and I will leave. 
 Ysabeau: Have I ever deserted you? 
 Matthew: No, Maman. 
 Ysabeau: Then why would I now? You are my beloved son. And you are now my daughter. Your fight is now my fight… If you have the courage to love my son, you have no need to fear your power. The women of the De Clermont family defend themselves. And you will be no different. 
 Gerbert: In nomine Patris et Filii et Spiritus Sancti. In nomine Patris et Filii et Spiritus Sancti… What is it? What can you see? Is Diana Bishop the witch from the prophesy? 
 Meridiana: Beware of the witch with the blood of the lion and the wolf, for with it she shall destroy the children of the night. 
 Gerbert: I know that. I know. Speak to me or you'll get no more of this. 
 Meridiana: Two. Light, dark. 
 Gerbert: There are two witches? 
 Meridiana: One... Close. 
 Gerbert: Who is she? Where can I find her? 
 Meridiana: Beware the witch with the blood... Of the lion and the wolf, for with it she shall destroy the children of the night. Beware the witch with the blood of the lion and the wolf, for with it she... 
 Groom: Buonasera, signorina. Prego. 
 Ysabeau: You think that lighting a fire and pouring some wine will help them? 
 Marthe: He loves her, Ysabeau. 
 Ysabeau: They'll need more than love. The witches will think that Diana has turned her back on her own kind and they will come. And when they come, her weakness will put us all at risk. 
 Marthe: She will find a way to use her magic to protect herself. 
 Ysabeau: Then she'd better stop behaving like some human and find a way fast. 
 Matthew: I need to show you something. 
 Diana: What is this? 
 Matthew: When I was in Oxford I worked on your DNA samples. These are the results. You ready? We don't understand everything yet, but so far we've discovered that you have every genetic marker we've ever seen in a witch. You have the elemental markers of air and water. 
 Diana: Witch wind and witch water. 
 Matthew: Mm. You also have earth, which means you're likely, more than likely, to be able to cast spells. 
 Diana: It's bizarre. I've never felt connected to magic, like Sarah or Em… Or... Even Gillian. 
 Matthew: Mm. 
 Diana: Does this test tell us why this is happening now? 
 Matthew: Well, your magic's behaving as though it's waking up from a long sleep. It's restless. It wants to get out. 
 Diana: My parents were persecuted because of their powers. 
 Matthew: Hey. We will face this together. Otherwise, you'll always be running… I need to talk to you about Oxford, Diana. 
 Diana: I don't want to hear about Oxford, Matthew. 
 Matthew: So... What does the distinguished historian know about... Bundling? 
 Diana: Bundling? 
 Matthew: Mm. 
 Diana: Well, I'm familiar with the custom, but it is 2018. 
 Matthew: Diana… You may not like what you see. 
 Diana: Oh, Matthew. 
 Matthew: That one was made by the tip of a broadsword during the 100 Years War. Think of them as, er... A map of my life. 
 Diana: I want to hunt down everyone who hurt you. 
 Matthew: With you my life has a beginning, a middle and an end. When you're gone my life will be over. 
 Diana: I don't think that's bundling. 
 Matthew: Well... It is in France. 
 Dominico: I wouldn't bother going home. Gerbert's very disappointed in you. 
 Juliette: Matthew wasn't even in Oxford. It wasn't my fault. 
 Dominico: I know where he is. You see, unlike you, he's been able to move on. He has a new woman. A witch. Diana Bishop. 
 Juliette: He only wants her for her powers. That's all. Matthew hates witches. 
 Dominico: Not this one. He's in love with her. 
 Juliette: He's in love with me! Matthew's mine. He belongs to me. 
 Dominico: What are you waiting for? She's at Sept-Tours. 
 Juliette: I can't go without Gerbert's permission. 
 Dominico: Really? 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 