Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x03 - Backwards - Heartbeat 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x03 - Backwards https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=582&t=26325 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/31/16 02:55 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x03 - Backwards 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [pulse monitor beeping] 
 [rock music plays] 
 Come on. Let's get this party started. 
 ♪ ♪ 
♪ Don't stop, baby, keep on moving ♪ 
 Do you know how rare it is to watch a surgeon do a hemi-portocaval transposition for an occluded portal vein? 
 Hmm? 
 That was rhetorical, Tats. 
 Isolate the portal vein. 
 Traction. 
 Great doctors like Dr. Harrison have a surgical rhythm in their head. 
 An unconscious synchronization that creates an intimacy between your thoughts and your hands. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Doctor, we're losing pressure. 
 [groans] 
 [thud] 
 You see, his patient is bleeding out before our eyes. 
 Do you notice how deftly Dr. Harrison closes his eyes and takes complete control over the bleed? 
 As he applies just the right amount of pressure... 
 Clamp. 
 And he moves in to slowly make a definitive repair of the vessel, forcing it to succumb to his will. 
 His hands manipulate the cava... until his portal vein is in position to receive his lance. 
 Got it. 
 [exhales deeply] 
 I'm really not afraid of blood, except if it spurts. 
 Someone pick him up. 
 Yeah. Tats? 
 Need to listen! Crazy not I'm! 
 I know, I know! I don't know what you're saying. 
 Insane is this see... 
 Come on! 
 Settle down! 
 Me up let. 
 Oh, oh, all right, all right! 
 I think we're gonna need four-point restraints! 
 I got this, okay. You think it's everything... 
 Wrong, wrong, wrong, so is this. 
 We're gonna figure out what's going on with you. 
 You're staying with me, yes? 
 Me to listen! 
 Yes, I don't know what you're saying. 
 Me to listen! 
 [upbeat music] 
 You were on fire. 
 Oh, so I guess you're not mad at me anymore. 
 You have any idea how hot you were covered in bile and blood? 
 That's what it takes to get you off. 
 Oh! 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Ah, I got to go. 
 Whole department is waiting for me. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 What's another five minutes? 
 15. 
 Mm. 
 Thank you so much. 
 [clears throat] 
 Yeah, this, uh... 
 I think, yeah, looks sound. 
 So this is our new psychiatry wing. 
 [speaking Chinese] 
 I would like to point out that our psychiatric research lab is one of only three cruelty-free facilities in the entire country. 
 We have a humane animal policy thanks to our Chief Innovations Officer, Dr. Panttiere. 
 Mm! 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [stifled moans] 
 [both panting heavily] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Oh! Ah! [laughs] 
 [speaking Chinese] 
 She's going through every department in St. Matthew's. 
 Oh, she's been pretty incredible, actually. 
 Finding ways to use them we never even imagined possible. 
 [speaking Chinese] 
 [sighs] 
 [speaking Chinese] 
 Doctors Harrison and Panttiere, I'll see you both in my office when you have finished. 
 Did I tell you my family lived in the Chaoyang District? 
 My father was working in Beijing. 
 Um, let's grab a cup of tea. 
 [humming] 
 [whistles] 
 Dr. Shane, we haven't finished the new status reports yet, but I can show you what we have so far... 
 At ease, Doctor. This isn't an official visit. 
 It's a patient visit. I'm the patient. 
 PGY-4 resident nicked me with a 15 blade. 
 Hello! 
 Can somebody please just tell Dr. Panttiere  that Max Elliot is here? 
 You're Max Elliot. [laughs] 
 We've, uh... we've actually met before. 
 Well, ages ago when Alex Panttiere was an intern. 
 You wouldn't remember, but, um, man, I'm such a fan of yours. 
 Hi, Jesse. 
 You remember my name? 
 Hook me up with some pain meds, I will sing absolutely anything you want me to. 
 Ah! 
 We're gonna have to elevate this ankle. 
 5ccs of tramadol, thanks. 
 Right away, Dr. Shane. 
 Here we go. 
 [high-pitched squeal] 
 What'd you do to yourself? 
 Just trying to keep up with my kids on a skateboard. 
 Didn't work out so well. 
 Me cheat to trying was counter behind guy the! 
 Back change correct wanted I! 
 Frontal scalp... 
 Nothing for me arrested! 
 Frontal scalp laceration, possible traumatic brain injury. 
 Okay, I got... 
 Sit down and relax. 
 [overlapping shouting] 
 I cannot believe what I had to witness in there! 
 He performed a hemi-portocaval transposition for an occluded portal vein in the middle of a liver transplant! 
 Well, then by all means, you should be having s*x in the psych ward. 
 Okay, time-out, look. We had a fight last night... 
 That wasn't a fight. 
 And we just have made... 
 What you did was so unprofessional! 
 That wasn't a fight, Alex? 
 Okay, just tell me you're not gonna fine me again. 
 Actually, no, Alex. 
 I'm not gonna fine you this time. 
 I've thought of something much worse for you. 
 Bring it on. 
 An hour-long session for you both, together, with Dr. Hackett. 
 [quirky music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 I would rather donate my entire salary. 
 For the year. 
 And he'll give a testicle. 
 I think we need a minute. 
 Yeah, Dr. Shane's looking for me? 
 Man, I listened to "Back and Forth," like, religiously. 
 It was... 
 That album sucked so bad. 
 I loved every song on it. 
 You must have been on Adderall. 
 I was in medical school, yeah. 
 Oh, this is my mate, Evelyn Callahan. 
 He did his first year at Kerlan-Jobe Sports Clinic. 
 Wow, I know you. 
 You're Alex's gay husband. 
 Me hurting was he! Me hurting was he! 
 What's going on? 
 Stop! 
 Yes, we need somebody up here. 
 No! Stop! 
 Calm down, okay? He could be dangerous. 
 You're dangerous. 
 Hey! Don't do this! 
 Someone's got to protect him. 
 [rock music plays on TV] 
 Hey! 
 Go, go that way! 
 [shouts] 
 [suspenseful music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Hey. Where's Ji-Sung? 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Well, actually, where is everybody? 
 [gasps] 
 [screams] 
 Hey, hey, hey! 
 Put it down! 
 Come on, come on, come on! 
 Wait, wait, wait. 
 Sca... scared be don't. 
 Put it down! Put it down! 
 You hurt won't I. 
 Okay it's. 
 He's talking backwards. 
 My sons used to do it all the time when they... they didn't want me to know what they were saying. 
 It's okay. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 I need a gurney and transporters! 
 Suspect is unconscious. 
 We're all done, Sam, come on in. 
 You're gonna bring him in here? 
 Do you want me to call security? 
 No. 
 You trust him? 
 I do. 
 He was terrified. 
 Can you imagine how hard it must be for him? 
 Park it. 
 You type backwards too? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Okay, you type. I'll read it forwards. 
 Any dizziness? 
 [keys clacking] 
 "No, just hungry. And you have pretty eyes." 
 Okay, thank you. 
 Stay on point. [laughs] 
 Blurry vision? Headaches? 
 Do you see flashing lights in your peripheral vision? 
 Ma'am, you cannot come in here. 
 How long have you talked like this? 
 Nonsense. That's my grandson. 
 Ma'am! 
 Are you all right, Lovie? 
 Dokey-okey I'm! 
 Excuse me, ma'am, hi. 
 Gwendolyn Prestwick. 
 Lady, I'll arrest you. 
 I have never known a man so eager to get me into handcuffs. 
 I got your text, Sam. 
 I think we're fine here, thank you. 
 Frustrated got I but situation my officer the to explain to tried I. 
 Sweet dear, I have absolutely no bloody idea what the hell you just said. 
 If he speaks slowly, I get most of it. 
 We've got to dash, Birdy. 
 I parked the car in the emergency entrance, and apparently the hospital's in a bit of an uproar. 
 Fools! Don't forget your things. 
 Excuse me. 
 I'm Dr. Panttiere. 
 I'm sure you are. 
 Sam knows he's not supposed to speak in public. 
 When you talk to people, darling, they think you're off your trolley. 
 Yep. 
 I was running a few tests on Sam. 
 I would like to ask a couple questions. 
 I'm sure you would. 
 When Sam was three years old, he was in a terrible car accident. 
 His mother was killed. 
 I'm so sorry. 
 He was in a coma for a week. 
 When he woke up, he could only speak backwards. 
 There was neurological damage? 
 Brilliant. 
 Your grandson passed out earlier. 
 I'd like to admit him. 
 [tablet chimes] 
 I'm sure you would. 
 His images are coming through. 
 There's nothing you can do about his speech. 
 I think you should look at this. 
 There's a spot. 
 I'm very familiar with Sam's MRls. 
 He's had enough of them. 
 That's where he sustained permanent damage as a result of the automobile accident... I've seen it many times. 
 Okay, that would explain why his speech was affected, but that's not the area I'm referring to. 
 This is. 
 You see that bright spot? 
 [somber music] 
 Have you ever seen that on any of his MRis before? 
 No, that's new. What is it? 
 Serious is it? 
 Let's find out. 
 Die could I? 
 Not on my watch. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [keys clacking] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 "Too bad. 
 I don't want to live like this anymore." 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [dog barking in distance] 
 Hey, guys, I've got Louisa's meatballs, salad, garlic bread... 
 [guitar and tambourine playing] 
 ♪ The only present I want is you ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ The only present that I want is you ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ If the skies, they fall... ♪ 
 [instruments stop] 
 Hi, baby. 
 Federale's here. 
 Are you all drunk? 
 [men laughing] 
 Mine's root beer. 
 I'm on call. 
 Mine is Percocet. 
 I drank for all of them. 
 Oh, my God, Max. 
 You went skateboarding with the boys again, really? 
 Sweetheart, sweetheart... 
 Come on! 
 I love these guys... so much. 
 That's great. 
 How bad is it? 
 Just lateral ligament reconstruction. 
 He'll be fine. I got to go. 
 I better drive you home then, mate. 
 Okay, well, I need you in on a consult with a new patient in the morning. 
 The boy who speaks backwards? Yeah, sure. 
 Let's reschedule, make it Friday. 
 Yeah, Friday. 
 What's Friday? 
 Great. 
 What's Friday? 
 We're, uh, we're going running. 
 What? Okay, that's my robe. 
 That's my robe. It's my robe. 
 It's not your... robe. 
 Okay, it's your robe. 
 All right, I never wanted it. 
 Mwah! 
 [chuckles] 
 Whew. Later, dude. 
 [whimsical music] 
 "Dude"? 
 [sniffs, gags] 
 [sirens wail distantly] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Panttiere. 
 Shane. 
 Looked at your patient's file. 
 Seen a lot of bizarre effects from a TBI... 
 But nothing like Sam. 
 Check the database? 
 I am. 
 You need to find someone like that kid. 
 Yeah, I will. 
 Find at least one other patient, I can authorize a real study, but for an isolated case, the hospital will never release the funds... 
 I know. 
 Why are you jogging with, uh, Pierce? 
 I told him about a fire trail that I run on. 
 He wanted me to show him. Why? 
 You got some sort of arrangement where he can't hang out with his buddies? 
 Yeah, well, until last night you weren't his buddy. 
 Ahh... 
 So that's the problem. 
 Well, I guess I am now. 
 So just in case he needs approval, I also invited him to a poker game on Tuesday. 
 He doesn't need approval. 
 And that's Taco Tuesday! 
 Ah, just look at her. Pretty, right? 
 Huh? Just came in this morning. 
 I'm gonna use you at The Masters. 
 Fore! 
 Are you kidding, Dr. David? 
 Hospital protocol! 
 Uh, okay. 
 Thank you, everyone, for coming. 
 This is Dr. Okonjo. We met in Kenya last month. 
 Welcome. 
 Thank you. 
 Nice to meet you. 
 Good to see you again. 
 Good to see you. 
 So this is my patient Sam. He's 24. 
 He had a car accident when he was three and sustained permanent damage to his Broca's center, which, of course, affected his speech, which is what causes him to speak backwards. 
 But the damage to Sam's speech is a separate issue from what was discovered on his MRI yesterday. 
 A cerebral aneurysm. 
 It's most likely an incidental finding. 
 Yeah, I'm gonna ligate the aneurysm by placing a clip at the base since it's not amenable to endovascular coiling. 
 Well, that's standard protocol, but I suspect that's not why we're here. 
 No, it isn't. 
 Dr. Okonjo and his team have been injecting stem cells into every possible organ, including the brain. 
 Yeah that's not gonna affect your patient's aneurysm. 
 No, but it could affect his speech. 
 What are you proposing, Alex? 
 I'm proposing we help a young man who doesn't want to live like this anymore. 
 We have to operate on him anyway because of the aneurysm. 
 So while we're in there, why not take the opportunity to infuse stem cells directly into the tissue that was damaged when Sam had the accident? 
 Because it's never been done before. 
 Am I correct about that? 
 Sort of. 
 I have been injecting bone marrow-derived stem cells into a few dozen patients who have had brain trauma due to stroke. 
 In the majority of cases, the patients have completely recovered their motor skills and speech. 
 Need I ask the next question, Dr. Panttiere? 
 Since this has never been done before, the long-term repercussions are unknown. 
 Brain tumors? Incapacitation? 
 So if you perform this procedure, there's a good chance the patient could end up in a vegetative state? 
 This is your jurisdiction. It's up to you. 
 I have considered finding ways for this hospital to become more involved in stem cell therapy, and yes, the prospects are exciting. 
 Just make sure that sweet boy doesn't end up brain-dead. 
 Is that a compliment? 
 It was a warning. 
 Got to dot your "I"s and cross your "T"s on this one. 
 No, I've seen the work Dr. Okonjo's doing, and they're on the cusp of being able to repair entire organs. 
 Lungs, livers, kidneys... 
 I'm all up for tissue regeneration. 
 I mean, Dr. Frankenstein was definitely onto something. 
 We can harvest a patient's own stem cells and infuse them back into whatever organ is damaged, and they'll adapt and grow new tissue. 
 If the cells take. 
 You'll let me do this? 
 Alex, have your patient sign a waiver acknowledging he understands exactly what can happen to him. 
 It's your rodeo, dude. 
 "Dude"? 
 Is someone encouraging this? 
 There has to be someone out there like Sam. 
 And what if they figured out how to treat this? 
 Are you afraid to try infusion therapy? 
 No. 
 Would you be? 
 No. 
 I don't think Jesse would let you move forward if he didn't think... 
 Jesse. 
 [mocking gasp] Your new BFF. 
 Does that bother you? 
 No. 
 Because I don't want things to build up, then we have another fight like we did the other night. 
 That wasn't a fight, babe. That was a loud discussion. 
 Fight... what are you... 
 That was a loud discussion. 
 Doctors, doctors, while I don't traditionally take sessions in the cafeteria, this was apparently, uh, your idea, so... do, uh, you feel safer with more people around you, Dr. Panttiere? 
 No. 
 I know how you feel about therapy. 
 It's the rich man's voodoo. 
 Well, perhaps we can open your minds a little because we have a full 50 minutes together, whether we do it in one session or more. 
 I've actually never had therapy before, so... 
 Then we can look at this as an opportunity. 
 Maybe the two of you would like to discuss your relationship and any other issues you'd like to work... 
 We don't have any issues. 
 We're gonna need more than an hour. 
 Well, everything you say to me is, of course, confidential. 
 Oh, that's great, but I have nothing to say. 
 But you do seem to have a lot of anger. 
 I'm not angry. 
 [chuckles] 
 But if you want to talk, you talk, babe. 
 I'll listen. 
 [whimsical music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 I, uh, got you a refill. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Thanks. 
 You're reading. 
 Yeah. 
 May I? 
 Ooh, all right. Yeah. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Ah, it's just all so hard! 
 You give everything to your patients and then you come home, and everybody wants something from you, and yes, sometimes I do go into... 
 Alex. 
 My own world, but I really... 
 Alex. 
 I really try to listen... 
 Alex. 
 Especially when my children tell me something and all I want to do is space out in front of some ridiculous reality show. 
 Have you seen that... 
 Shh, shh. 
 I don't know much, but I think couples therapy works a little better if we both speak. 
 I'm sorry. 
 Thank you. 
 I know this isn't just for me, and that you and I need to make time for us... 
 [cell phone rings] 
 Despite how hard it is with the balancing act... you know, mother, girlfriend, cardiothoracic surgeon. 
 And sometimes I even... 
 Excuse me, I got to, uh... 
 I got to... I got to go. It's Mrs. Tanner. 
 She had a complication. Excuse me. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 
 
 
 Whew! [sighs] 
 Well, that was cathartic. Boy, do I feel better. 
 Got that all off my chest. Thank you. 
 Uh, Dr. Panttiere, that was two minutes. 
 You owe me 48 more. 
 I'll, uh... I'll see you both later. 
 [sighs] 
 Oh, and Dr. Panttiere, you did good. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Two minutes. 
 So the chances are you've always had this aneurysm. 
 The procedure is fairly standard. 
 We put a brain clip at the base to stop it from growing. 
 And then you will inject him with these stem cells? 
 Yes, it's one of the most promising, new... 
 Please, have you any idea how many doctors have wanted to try out their newest toys and procedures on my Sam? 
 I understand your concerns, but... 
 My grandson is not a guinea pig! 
 Grandma. 
 This want I. 
 No. This you do not want. 
 Yes. 
 Decide I. 
 You're right, Sam. You can decide. 
 But if you go through with this, you'll do it without me. 
 I can't watch you go through another procedure that will break your heart. 
 I would never recommend to do this procedure if I hadn't seen the results... that's the second time someone's done that to me today. 
 Perhaps a little self-reflection might illuminate why. 
 Duckie, I have been taking my grandson to doctors ever since the accident and all of them have promised a cure. 
 Yet here we still are. 
 Just fix the aneurysm and be done with it. 
 That boy has lived his whole life with only me to talk to. 
 And look what it's done to him. 
 Sam goes through these periods of frustration. 
 It's only natural. 
 But he has to learn to be strong and accept who he is. 
 I wish you could cure him, but you can't. 
 And if you fill his head with 1 ounce of false hope that he will speak properly, I will rip your balls off, which I am confident you are hiding under that lab coat, darling. 
 [sighs] 
 [somber music] 
 Bitch a what. 
 Hey. 
 You okay? 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [keys clacking] 
 Sam, your grandmother feels confident that we shouldn't go through with this procedure. 
 I think we should wait. 
 Look, if we had one other case like yours, I could conduct a real study. 
 Just one other person could unlock so many questions. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 "I watch people talk to each other my whole life. 
 I keep silent. 
 I sit in a crowded room. I am alone. 
 To talk is a gift. 
 To tell someone how you feel is a miracle. 
 I don't want to be alone anymore." 
 ♪ ♪ 
 "I want what you have." 
 Together this do we. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 I've found head trauma cases where the patient could only speak in numbers or they couldn't speak, they could sing, but no one like Sam. 
 Well, you want me to check the international database? 
 Doctors, where did we leave off... 
 Oh, you know what, I'm sorry. I don't have time for this. 
 I'm... 
 Perhaps you'd like to start this time, Dr. Harrison. 
 And, uh, we'll all listen. 
 I listen. 
 Great. 
 So I know I'm on the clock, but let me just say this. 
 I want us to move forward. 
 We're not moving forward? 
 I'm totally open to moving forward. 
 How do you want to move forward? 
 How... how... how do you want to move forward? 
 Let's give him a chance to respond. 
 Yeah, right. 
 I feel like there is something different between us... 
 Oh, you said that the other night. 
 What's different? 
 Listening. 
 Okay, ever since I said I wanted to move in, I feel like our relationship is going backwards... 
 Are you serious? Listening. 
 Half my stuff is in a drawer at your place. 
 The other half is at my place or in my car. 
 Like, I don't even know where... 
 Okay, Pierce, sometimes... 
 I live anymore, Alex. 
 We both get caught up in our own worlds, but... 
 It's so frustrating. 
 I mean, come on, it's not like you're unhappy. 
 Are you unhappy? 
 [somber music] 
 Sometimes. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Huh. 
 [phone vibrating] 
 Oh, damn it. Sorry, I got to go. 
 Go. 
 It's one of those weeks. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 I guess we could continue... talking. 
 Since I have to. 
 You and I go back a long way. 
 I know you trust me. 
 Yeah. 
 Just don't tell anyone. 
 You're the intern that wants to be a cardiothoracic surgeon? 
 Yeah. 
 I noticed that you and Dr. Shane seem close. 
 [long exhale] 
 He whispered something in my ear. 
 ["Let's Get It Started" by The Black Eyed Peas plays] 
 It was loud, so I couldn't hear. 
 But I know it was important. 
 Then why didn't you just ask him what he said? 
 He walks up. He looks at me. 
 He practically screws me with his eyes... and whispers something that I know was amazing in my ear, and I'm supposed to say... [shouts] "What?" [sighs] Thank you. Maybe you didn't want to know what he said. Are you kidding me? I'm gonna have to live the rest of my life never knowing what he said tonight. I mean, what if he said he loved me? What if he did? He still left. Yeah. So I'll never know what he said. But I'll live the rest of my life wondering what it would be like if I did. ♪ ♪ I'm sorry, who are you? Oh, good. You're here. Sam was worried you wouldn't come. He's being prepped for surgery, but I was hoping to check in with you before we started. He really wanted this, and he's with the best doctors. I was driving the car. What? ♪ ♪ On the day of the accident, I was driving the car when my daughter was killed and Sam was hurt. Now you're driving, Doctor. [sighs] ["The Woods" by Hollow Coves] ♪ We're all falling and we need a place to hide ♪ Patient has a large, complex cerebral aneurysm. The neck of the aneurysm is too wide and short to clip safely, so we need to decompress it. ♪ Break of dawn ♪ The procedure needs to be done using a deep hypothermic circulatory arrest in a bloodless field. So we take all of Sam's blood and put it in my perfusionist's venous reservoir. The patient is cooled to a state that meets the legal and clinical definition of death. The heart and the brain are both flatlined. ♪ Cold night takes us to a place to escape the chill ♪ Looks good. Once the patient is legally dead, we have around 42 minutes. ♪ Top top somewhere in the woods on a hill ♪ Suction, please. ♪ Wake up feeling the cold ♪ You have access to the occipital lymph. Okay. Here we are. Drill? Yup. Keep the field dry. ♪ Is there a way back? ♪ 
♪ Nobody knows ♪ [deep rumbling] Oh, my God. Feel that? Is that an earthquake? It was barely two seconds. Got to get used to it, Callahan, this is LA. Just a little shake, rattle, and roll. I have to reevaluate my earthquake kit. I only have tequila in it. [monitor beeping] It was big enough to rattle my tank. How much time do we have left? We've got 33 minutes. [monitor beeping rapidly] We got problems. My levels are going haywire. Losing blood here. What the hell? It cracked my tank. [alarms blaring] This is serious. Let's keep going. [groans] Okay, people, we're in Code Blue. [alarms blaring] [alarms blaring] Would someone please shut off that alarm? [alarms stop] Thank you. Call the blood bank, please. Get me all the "O" neg and "A" pos blood they have, thank you. She's saying "please" and "thank you," this is serious. [tense music] Set up a blood drive if we need more. We keep going, people. Clamp the lines on your end, and switch out the reservoir, thank you. We got 27 minutes, folks. We're on the clock. We need to get this blood to the OR stat! I've got four donors over here, but I need a phlebotomist. Make sure it's "O" neg and "A" pos only. Okay, people, make way. Here, I'm "A" positive. And I can... no, I can take my own blood. I will be very gentle. Ugh, everyone knows doctors are the worst person to take your blood. We're getting it to the OR now. Nice stick. I do have a nice stick. [dramatic techno music] Six minutes on the clock. Stem cells, please. Stem cells. ♪ ♪ 
♪ If this turns out to be ♪ 
♪ What you say ♪ 
♪ Oh how you are ♪ Stem cells injected. Stitch him up. Okay, people, we've got to move. Get that blood. It's coming in now. ♪ ♪ Here you go, Doctor. Here's a bag, "O" neg. [machinery beeping] We've got four minutes. We're on the clock, four minutes. We have blood? All here. Roger that, all here. Okay, Forester, let's bring him back to life. Roger that. Coming back on. Tell me when to start rewarming. Okay, rewarm. Rewarming. Let's get him off the ice. Off ice. One minute on the clock. [pulse monitor beeping] ♪ ♪ Hey. You okay? Just, uh, psyching myself up to go check on Sam. You want some company? No, I do not want company. You know what else I don't want? You to run with Pierce... or play poker with him. Is that weird? A little, yeah. I don't want to screw this up. No, I imagine you wouldn't. No, I'm with Pierce. I got that. I'm really with Pierce. And that actually feels so good to say. I know when it comes to relationships, I-I do everything wrong. I mean, I flip out, I create problems that aren't... real. I just... Shouldn't you be saying this to Pierce? No, I will. But I needed to say it to you. I guess since you came back, I-I've wanted some sort of closure to... yeah, so we can move forward. 'Cause, you know, let's be honest. When you left the hospital, you knew how I felt about you. And you knew how I felt about you. Remember what I told you the night I left? I meant it. [door opens, closes] Ah, damn it! [somber music] ♪ ♪ When he was little, I used to take him traveling. He couldn't go to a normal school. He had special tutors. So I could take him away whenever we both felt we just needed a break. He loved to travel to places where they didn't speak English... as long as he couldn't understand what they were saying... because then it wouldn't matter that they couldn't understand what he was saying. He'd be like any other tourist. ♪ ♪ He'd feel normal. It wasn't your fault, Grandma. It wasn't your fault, Grandma. ♪ ♪ [crying] [birds chirping] [bells chime in distance] So then, James Franco is gonna go to heaven, so he's getting picked up... Just keep still for a minute. To heaven in this ray of light and then he starts flipping off Danny McBride. His heart rate is 80. He's much better than last week. So he's flipping off Danny McBride and he gets slammed back down to earth. Okay, stop wiggling. [laughs] Danny McBride eats his face. It's the best ending. I'll give you the best ending. You're going home tomorrow. I want to see you back here in a couple of days, okay? If you're coming home, Birdy, I'm going to the market. I'll be back later. Later see you! [somber music] [laughs] ♪ ♪ [slowly] Mm... la... Later see... Something... happening something is? Stem cells aren't taking. Me help! Me help! Why? The treatment is wearing off. They don't always take on the first time. What are you saying? The treatment isn't working. Stop it make! Stop it make! Why? It's okay, it's okay. Why? Why? Sam, Sammy, they don't always take on the first... Normal talk to want I! I understand, I understand. Normal talk to want... no! I need help here! Lied you! Ji-Sung! Lied you! Lied you! You like talk to want I! [voice echoes and fades away] You like talk to want I! ♪ ♪ 
♪ Like a scene from a movie ♪ 
♪ That every broken heart knows ♪ 
♪ We were walking on moonlight ♪ Can I get a Black Velvet, please? So you escaped the hospital too? Ah, yeah. ♪ I was all alone ♪ 
♪ I woke up in tears ♪ You okay? [sighs] Is this professional? Personal. No, I'm not all right. To failing. Well, we all do that sometime. Oh, well, I excelled at it this time. I failed him. He feels alone. He just wanted me to know how he felt and I-I didn't listen. I was too busy trying to make everything okay. I think you did the best you could for your patient. I'm not talking about my patient. I'm talking about Pierce. I'm happy to talk as a professional, Doctor. ♪ ♪ I don't mind talking as friends. ♪ Like I'm gonna lose you ♪ 
♪ In the blink of an eye ♪ 
♪ Just a whisper of smoke ♪ Hey. Hey. Something terrible is happening to me. You might want to sit for this. Or not, okay. Um... I think I like Callahan. Are you okay? Are you breathing? God. Oh! Why is this happening to me? I-I don't feel desperate or lonely... or desperate. I have good self-esteem. I do. So, why Callahan? Right? Can you just promise me you'll do everything in your power to prevent me from doing anything stupid, like going out with him? I'll kill him first. I can live with that. Do want to grab a burger? Yeah? Okay. It's a good talk. Every time. [siren wails in distance] Sam. I think we're finished here now. I want you to meet someone before you leave. This is Mala. Mala's checking into a new study that was approved this morning. Interested not. Sam, I know that your t reatment wore off, but it did work, which means it will work again. You like am I. Common in unique very something have I and you that me told Panttiere Doctor. Sam, you meet to happy so am I! Backwards talk you have long how? Five was I when head the on hit got I. "Park Jurassic" new the see you did? Ones other the all like of sort was it but it like really I, yeah. "End The Is This" seen you have? Funny so was it Franco James ate McBride Danny when! [both laughing] So I wanted you to meet Mala just in case you decide you want to join her for the study. School regular? Are you leaving? No. Just moving the car. I parked it in the emergency entrance. You'd think by now they'd know it was my spot. Up you help me let. You thank. He's not alone anymore. Thank you. Not such a "bitch a what," am I? ["Let's Be Still" by The Head and the Heart] Sam : You met I that now better is life my. ♪ ♪ 
♪ You can get lost in the music for hours honey ♪ 
♪ You can get lost in a room ♪ 
♪ We can play music for hours and hours ♪ 
♪ But the sun will still be coming up soon ♪ All right, why don't you... why don't you go home? Why don't you be with the boys? Hackett will be here soon. I'll deal with him. ♪ ♪ You're right. You don't even have to tell me why. Just let me enjoy this. [chuckles] ♪ So just for a moment let's be still ♪ When you told me you wanted to move in, I pulled away. Do you know why? ♪ ♪ No, I-I meant it. I don't have a clue. I don't want to go backwards with you anymore. ♪ Honey you can get lost in a room ♪ I want to move forward. I'm just not sure how to do that. We can figure that out together. ♪ The world's not forgiving ♪ 
♪ Of everyone's fears ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 