Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x05 - The Land of Normal - Heartbeat 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x05 - The Land of Normal https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=582&t=26740 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/21/16 08:43 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x05 - The Land of Normal 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Go, go! 
 Knock him on his ass, Gabriel! 
 All right, there you go, Gabe! 
 Go! Run, run, Gabe! 
 Go, go, go, go! 
 Kick it! 
 ♪ Take it easy on the clutch ♪ 
 Kill him! 
 Go! 
 Come on, Gabe, go! 
 Gabe, knock him over! 
 ♪ I can give you dirty looks ♪ 
 [whimpers] 
 Go... oh. 
 Gabriel, honey. 
 His teacher called. 
 Said he's having trouble verbalizing things. 
 Got to have him tested. 
 The way she's put it, it's like he's got a problem or something. 
 ♪ Come get it, bae ♪ 
 Oh, grass angels. 
 Well, maybe tennis could be more Gabriel's thing. 
 Hey, coach! 
 My kid did not join the team to ride the bench! 
 Hey, you want to go away this weekend? 
 Tomorrow's the anniversary of your sister's death. 
 It's a tough week, so... 
 You know, I'll deal with Lou's death in my own way. 
 Okay. 
 Hey, I'm sorry. 
 I'm sorry, you're right. 
 This week sucks. 
 I hate that she's gone. 
 [sighs] I don't want to go away. 
 I just want to be here with you and the boys. 
 Ugh, and for the earth to open up and swallow these power bitches. 
 Alex. 
 Alex, it's been so long we thought you'd gone into witness protection. 
 [forced laugh] 
 And who is this tall drink of water? 
 Uh, I'm Pierce Harrison. 
 How are you? 
 My roommate. 
 Oh, your roommate? 
 Where's Max? 
 He's out of town. 
 Mayday. 
 I can run to the store. 
 Oh, hey, I know it's my snack day. 
 Check it out. 
 Ensure, Pedialyte, peaches. 
 ♪ Come get it, bae ♪ 
 Well, that's, um, different. 
 Thank you, Alex. 
 Thank you so much. [laughter] 
 If it's good enough for critical care patients, it's good enough for the kids. 
 ♪ My motorcycle ♪ 
♪ You've got a license ♪ 
♪ Have you got the right to ♪ 
♪ Gonna pop a wheelie ♪ 
 Mmm. 
 Mmm. 
 Who has two thumbs and just spent the last ten hours repairing a fractured tibia and fibula from a multi-car pileup? 
 This guy. 
 Would you like to have breakfast with a surgical god? 
 I didn't hear anything in the news about hell freezing over, so no. 
 Oh, my God, you can still not be mad. 
 That is where you're wrong. 
 What... I didn't touch your boob on purpose. 
 Oh, God. 
 I grazed. 
 I went to open the car door. 
 You tripped. 
 I went to break your fall... graze. 
 Next time I'd prefer the face-plant. 
 [robot beeping, trilling] 
 The 25 medical robots I'm bringing to St. Matthews will enhance our reputation as the most innovative hospital in town, as well as revolutionize patient care. 
 Plus, they're incredibly cool. 
 They use digital maps to navigate and ultrasonic sensors to move freely through the hallways without colliding into humans. 
 Come here, baby. 
 Excuse me. Oh, no problem, Channing Tatum. [giggling] That's really his name? Everyone deserves a name, High Tops. He's polite, dependable, hard-bodied. What else would I call him? He can also dispense drugs, meals, clean linens. Mm. And lattes. Hmm? [robot beeps] It's a skinny latte. Florence Nightingale, you're the best. Thank you, Dr. Callahan. Looks like you've been working out. It does! [clears throat] What? They all have speech modules built in, so I figured I'd give them a few new things to say. As long as these buckets of bolts don't put me out of a job, I'm happy to let them do grunt work. Open. Girl, you so fine it's criminal. [giggling] Millicent said she'd be at rounds to observe the robots. Anybody seen her? That's it. So you live and work here? Yeah. I wanted to simplify things. After I left Wall Street it became very clear that my wife was more interested in money than in me. Hmm. Maybe I always knew that. Anyway, I gave her everything she wanted in the divorce, which was the best decision I ever made. You ever been married? No... [chuckles] No, up until last year I was in a relationship with somebody who was 20 years older than me. Mm, wow. Why are you donating your work to St. Matthews? You've never been a patient there, as far as I know. A few years ago I came out here to meet with an investor. Took me to a fundraiser at the hospital. Typical evening, speeches, glad-handing, till I saw something so beautiful I couldn't stop staring. What was it? You. [laughs] You were on the arm of an older man. Must've been, uh... Yeah, probably was. I don't know, you looked really sad. I couldn't believe he was oblivious to it, and I stood up to go talk to you, but... you had left, so when the board approached me about commissioning a sculpture, I said yes, because I knew you were here, and I wanted you to see something every day that might make you smile. [chuckles] You're so making that up. Millicent... I don't have to lie about things anymore. Mm. [lighter flicking] Sal. [exasperated sigh] Sal. You know that's not allowed. I thought you told me you quit. Sweetheart, I just said that to get you off my ass. Let's get on with this already. Present my case. This is Sal Merrick. Diagnosed with lymphoma as a teenager. Has undergone mediastinal radiation therapy ever since. He's currently a guest at St. Matthews due to late cardiovascular complications from radiotherapy. Who can name a few complications? Oh, I know that one. Uh, congestive heart failure, pericardial disease, conduction abnormalities. You got beat up a lot as a kid, didn't you? So I've operated on Mr. Merrick several times for various issues pursuant to the radiation. Eight times in the last six years. Here's a list of operations. And you think Dr. Pain-in-My-Ass here would've gotten it right by now. He's developed mitral regurgitation from radiation damage to one of the leaflets. As you can imagine, the repeated courses of radiation have left him with extensive scar tissue and a frozen chest. Hey, pal, you want to learn something? Show up for rounds on time. Sorry I'm late. I certainly meant no disrespect. I'd hate to think I upset a fellow Dodgers fan. I'll never see the inside of a ballpark again. I got scar tissue pushing my heart up against the back of my sternum, and even if Dr. P. here could crack me open, my heart would probably tear as soon as she cut through to the bone. That right, Doc? Unfortunately, yes, Sal. Which is why you can't do open-heart surgery, so... I don't understand how you're gonna fix me. I have a secret weapon. [Strauss's "The Blue Danube" plays] ♪ ♪ Any movement a surgeon makes using the Raven IV's console controls are translated into the manipulator's wrist-like robotic arms that roll and bend far greater than human wrists. Yeah, the system is designed to... to give the surgeon tactile feedback which mimics the density of real human tissue. [chuckles] And the, uh, the Raven IV uses 3D imaging which shows you the internal organs in real time using the same type of processors found in high-quality video game images. This is a lot more futuristic than the da Vinci I trained on. Uh, yeah, yeah. We're testing the Raven at Harvard, Johns Hopkins, Westside Medical Center. We can network the systems together using the Internet. Some doctors find difficulty transitioning to the, uh, to the robotic procedures, but Dr. Shane, I'm sure you'll get the hang of it. Actually, I'm not the surgeon who will be using it. Yeah, that'd be me. Edgar's my baby. Edgar? Yeah, after Edgar Allan Poe. "Quoth the Raven, 'Nevermore'"? Yeah, I recognize the, uh, reference. Um, what procedure will you be performing? [sighs] [device beeping] Well, my plan is to approach the mitral valve through the lateral aspect of the chest and then use the robotic arm to delicately tease away all of my patient's scar tissue. That gives me a better chance of avoiding a myocardial tear. Hmm. Um, robotic mitral valve repair is not the standard of care. Cutting through the chest is. And I've never met a woman with the ability to develop the proper finesse with the robot. I suspect those are the reasons Dr. Panttiere wants to do it. You see, I'll be operating with my hands and not my ovaries, and this approach is the only way I can give my patient the lifesaving procedure he needs. Now, step aside, Duane, it's my turn. ["The Blue Danube" resumes] Glove me, Channing Tatum. You don't need gloves. LOL, you're funny, Dr. P. Oh, oh. She was... [waltz crescendos] ♪ ♪ [alarm beeping] [gasps] Oh, huh. I don't remember the part of the... the video where you kill the patient. That's... that's innovative. Time to go. You look like you could use a hot oil massage. ♪ It feels good to feel good ♪ ♪ ♪ Mmm, mmm. Mmm. Mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm. Wouldn't recommend that particular diet to your cardiac patients. That's just your roommate talking. ♪ ♪ I'm sorry. I didn't mean anything by it. I panicked. I just don't like those bitches in my business. I'm just pissed I have to have Gabriel tested. So he's a little different from the other kids. I know a great speech therapist over at Westside. I think Gabriel will love her. I'll make an appointment. Thank you. ♪ ♪ Now what can you do about how bad I suck with Edgar? A scalpel didn't feel like an extension of your hand the first time you picked it up. You put in the practice, and robots will be second nature to you. It's not the mechanics. It's when I open up a patient's chest, I run my finger across the heart every single time. Didn't know you were superstitious. It's not that. It's... I don't know, touching the beating heart, it's a privilege. It makes me feel connected to the patient. I was hoping you'd come in this week. For you. [gasps] You made macarons? The Hippocratic Oath requires me to bust my sister out of the hospital from time to time. Besides, you couldn't miss the grand opening of the Waiting Room. ♪ ♪ Thanks for the macarons. I'm gonna smuggle them back into my hospital room if Alex doesn't inhale them all. Well, if she does, I will make you more. So listen, St. Matthews is running a new lymphoma protocol. The last one didn't work. But this one might. A cure could be right around the corner. Can we not talk about my health for once? Tell me about your date last night. Oh, I knew in 30 seconds it wasn't gonna work out. Well, at least you gave him a fighting chance. He was a mouth breather. Oh, stop it. Probably a bed wetter. Just admit he didn't have a chance because he's not Jesse. ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ ♪ Where the hell did that come from? I haven't seen Jesse in five years. He's the one that got away, and I'm pretty sure he's the star of the "what if" scenarios in your head. It's so unfair. You know me so well. Well, it was either specialize in you or become addicted to soap operas. I made a choice. I do think about him sometimes, but, you know, he's moved on, so why can't I let anybody else in, settle down, be normal? Because you're not normal. If you go to the land of normal, no one will be there. ♪ ♪ I know this is a hard week, but nothing could ever replace her. Ever. [beeping] Where is Nurse Ji-Sung? Why? I have a delivery. There you are. Have a good day. [Florence beeps, crashes] Ouch. That tickles. You talking to me? Yes, Nurse Ji-Sung, you have a lovely touch. Okay, easy there, R2-D2. Hello, gorgeous. Any flowers or chocolate delivered today? What are you doing? What? You know what? Don't touch my stuff, okay? My stuff or my boobs. Both are off limits. Get out. I need the latest blood work for Mr. Merrick, and can you book the O.R. for tomorrow? I'm going to be working with Edgar for the rest of the day. Thank you. Hello, everyone. Ooh, hello. That tickles. It is a glorious day outside. Have you seen it? I've got to tell you, I love living in Southern California. I think... yeah, I think I might take up rollerblading. No, surfing. Did you just eat a pot cookie? Hi. She's getting laid. What? You go, girl. No, I'm not. I'll call you back. How could you, um... how could you tell something like that anyway? Figuring out who's having s*x is one of my superpowers. Not as cool as being invisible. [scoffs] Lip gloss, last night. Split ends, two weeks ago, if you don't count the vibrator. My boyfriend is out of town. What? I have... I have a boyfriend. Okay, and Marty? [Channing whirring, beeping] Dr. P! Back to work, everyone. Come here! I got to ask you something! Has anyone seen Dr. P? Come here. Do you have to bellow? Can't you use a call button like a normal person? Yeah, yeah, yeah. What's the matter with you? Listen, I've been researching this whole robot deal, and, uh, give me your stats, huh? Ballpark number's fine. My stats? Yeah, I mean, I assumed you work with it. What would you say you're batting, .500? Is that good? All right, maybe... maybe we just wait and find another way. Truth is, Doc, I'm scared. It's the only way we can operate. Look, Sal, I've got this. Just try and relax tonight. Take a spin around the hall, get some exercise, piss off a nurse. I'll check in with you later. [Raven whirring] Don't look at the patient. Look at the monitor. Don't look at the patient! Look at the monitor! [mechanical whirring] [alarm beeping] And you just nicked the aorta. Your patient is dead again. Focus, Panttiere. Damn it. Where are my antacids? The cafeteria is a reflux factory. Just that last move that I'm tripping up on. You know what, I need a break. Is that what you plan to do during surgery, just... just take a break whenever it gets tough? Huh, well, hope your patient has their affairs in order. What's the matter with your arm? Oh, just a... a mild strain of the effort of not wringing your neck. Monitor. [sighs] All right, hey, look, look, look, look. Okay, okay, okay. Brute force is not what's called for. The Raven responds to the slightest movement of the fingers when handled properly. All right, just relax your thumb when you roll it. Just... I want a different trainer. And I want to be 6'2" and 30 pounds lighter, but I guess we're both gonna have to learn to live with disappointment. Start again, and this time don't get so emotional. I'm not emotional. I'm frustrated. Oh, yeah, you're frustrated. You know, I learned the basics on the da Vinci years ago, and you're not teaching me what I need to know now, so I can't do my job tomorrow. [labored breathing] [groans] Duane, you better sit down. No, no, no, go... go... go back to work. Duane, you're... you're having a... heart attack. Crap! Ji-Sung, I have a patient in cardiac arrest! Get me the paddles. Get the crash cart in here! I need a response team now! Let's go! Come on! I'm in code blue here! Hold on a second. So you killed him? [chuckles] It wasn't my fault. I tried to resuscitate him for an hour, a full hour. Ugh, we were fighting, and he was so condescending and arrogant and... but you know what? He was right. I can't expect my old skills to carry me through this... this surgery. I don't know if I... if I can operate without my hands on the patient, you know? Well, you got to find a new trainer. Just don't kill him. Nobody's available for weeks. Well, then you wait. You don't have to do it tomorrow. Yeah, I do. Why? Because I couldn't save her. Lou. I tried my best, but she still died. I wasn't good enough. And tomorrow I'll wake up and feel the same way I have every year since. I have to be a better doctor than I was back then. I have to save a life. [murmuring] [heavy footsteps] Homework done? And checked, mm-hmm. Boom. Good job. Oh. I love you, Mom. What do you want? Can I watch TV, just for half an hour? Okay, okay, okay. Mwah. [video game effects clanging] Oh, cool. All right, pajamas and teeth first. I'll race you! Five minutes of snuggle time first. Okay. So you know we have, uh, an appointment at the speech therapist tomorrow, right? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. But don't worry about it, you know? Your teacher, she gets paid to be neurotic. Mm-hmm. You speak up in class, right? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm? Yeah? Yes. 
 
 What are you playing? "Wizards of War." Aliens have destroyed the planet. I'm a wizard trying to find their control center in the underground caves. Ooh. It's way better than TV. See, it's a 3D gaming system. 3D on that little screen? Yeah, Mom, welcome to the 21st century. [game trilling] [gasps] What happened? I'm dead. Don't worry, I just hit reset and start over. Want to try? Okay. Okay, like this? You can't force it. Try holding it this way. Okay. Keep your thumbs loose. Mm-hmm. The tunnels get skinny on this level. You got to twist through those tiny cracks. Okay, I got it, I got it, I got it. [dog barking] Don't let that dog bite you. He's pretty mean. Why does there have to be a mean dog? [video game trilling, beeping] You ever play one of these things? No I'm not an eight-year-old boy. It's really kind of fascinating. You have to adjust your sense of touch to build new muscle memory. Finesse is the only way to manipulate the virtual world. I can't wait to try with Edgar. Millicent wants you to do the autopsy on that guy you killed last night. The pathologist can do it, and I didn't kill him. Whatever. Millicent told the family you'd be honored to take care of it first thing since apparently, he liked you. He did? Mm-hmm. Told his wife you had "promise," so, you know, chop-chop. Okay. Get up. Uh, I'm gonna hold that at the desk for you. Give it. Yeah, hand it over. [whimpers] [sirens wailing] Hey! Oh, hey. Is that for me? That is for you. I was, uh, just gonna come and check on your progress. Well, I was thinking about the sketches I did last night. Oh, yeah? Yeah. I think I want to incorporate them into the sculpture. [sputters] The sketches of my ass? Well, it's a work of art. [laughing] Yeah, but... No one will know but us. Yeah, that's true. Hey, look at this. You're getting better. [laughs] Well, actually, that's, um... that's my son's. Your son's? Yeah. He's amazing. What's his name? Beni. Beni. His father is the older guy I told you about. Oh. Beni never sees him. It's a bit complicated 'cause Terence is married. Oh, you were his mistress. Well, he and his wife had an understanding. They both saw other people. He was with other women while he was with you? No, we were in love. You know, I-I... I don't have to explain myself to you. No, you don't. Listen... Um, I think that came across... Excuse me. Sorry, I thought we had a scheduling meeting. Yeah, yeah, we do. Mr. Penn was just leaving. Have a good meeting. I love your work. Thanks. This is all your fault. [Australian accent] "Ah, yeah, go on, mate. Go play dirty doctor with the jackeroo." I never told you to marry the guy. Why you got to take it so seriously? Have a bit of fun. By the way, everyone likes you a whole lot better like this. Just saying. I'm a nice person. People like me. [Channing beeping] You like me, right? You are a surgical god. So my son had me play this video game last night, and I think I finally understand the move you were trying to teach me. I probably, you know, could've gotten it from you, but I was too cocky. [inhales deeply] [sighs] Oh... I'm sorry for the way it ended for you. You know, a man on the cutting edge of science deserved better than that. [Strauss's "The Blue Danube" plays] ♪ ♪ You were right, Duane. I do have promise. In fact, I kick ass. Hey. Hey. Hey. Checking to see if you're okay, and I know I'm not supposed to ask today, but... is that Duane? Uh-huh. Alex, you... [sighs] You can't steal a body and practice procedures on it. I spoke to his wife. He died trying to teach me to use this robot, so I figured he'd want to help finish the job. She agreed. He turned out to be the best teacher. I owe him. Well, how's it going? Stand still. I'll show you. [mechanism clicking] [chuckles] Whoa. Hey, buy me dinner first. What, you don't like chocolate? You allergic to roses? What? Look, I apologized for what happened, okay? If you want to hold a grudge, fine, but I thought you were different. Turns out you're stuck up and emotionally withholding like a lot of beautiful, smart, and sexual, and... you have no idea what I'm talking about. No, crazy man. Flo, wait up. I'm on break. If you're looking for cigarettes, Dr. Panttiere had the nurses clean you out. That's a real bossy broad, that one, huh? Oh, yeah, tell me about it. Hey, hey, Doc, Doc. Let me ask you, what do you think about this whole robot deal, huh? Honestly, I'm just not so sure. I trained on a da Vinci years ago at the Clayton Clinic. The Raven didn't exist back then, but it's an amazing machine and I think it's great Dr. Panttiere thought to use it for your surgery. It's gonna provide the best access to your heart. I've been keeping track of every single treatment and procedure I've had since I was a teenager. Hard to believe I'm still kicking, hmm? Hmm. And I was looking back at all the things that me and Dr. P. have been through. Yeah. And then I realize it. I was here five years ago, you know, when her sister died. Right. I mean, she was really broken up about that. You know, how could she not? Lou was a sweet kid. Doc, she really lost it when she was working with that trainer. I mean, she wasn't herself, and... and I got to think that her sister's death had something to do with that. Straight up, you think she's ready? Sal, my Sal, you're so good to go. I've got an O.R. booked. No, you're not operating on me. Why don't you talk through some of your concerns... You're always nervous before a surgery, Sal. Look, I'm sorry, all right? I can't. Your head's just not in the game. What are you talking about? Lou. Sal, you know me. My personal life will not affect my professional abilities. Now, you need this surgery. It's the only way to repair the valve. I know, I know... but I want Dr. Shane to do it. Alex, wait. You think being Chief of Surgery gives you the right to poach my patients? That's not what happened. That was Sal's choice, and I'm sorry, but I think he's right. He's not, and you could've helped me. You could've told him I'm a brilliant surgeon. Not with the Raven, you're not. You're not doing this surgery. I had a breakthrough with the robot this morning, and today's the day Sal's life could change. Doesn't have to be today. That's only important to you. You have to accept what the patient wants even when it's not what you want. [guitar melody] ♪ ♪ I wanted pink. It has to be red. Red's a fighter's color. You're the fighter in the family. And tomorrow we'll get you a pedicure, hmm? Maybe a toe ring? I'm so sorry for leaving you. You're not going anywhere. I found a new treatment protocol. It starts up at Cedars this week. Promise me... Promise me... you'll let other people in. I don't need anyone else. I have you. I'm done, Alex. You have to let me go. Not yet. [crying] You can't give up. Just hold on a little longer, please, Lou. [sighs] What are you doing here? I heard Lou was dying. Oh, well, you heard wrong. I don't know who'd tell you something like that. Lou called me. You can't fix this, Alex. You don't know that. It's part of being a doctor. You got to accept there are times you can't win. What if this isn't that time? You're pushing this for yourself, not for her. It's time, Alex. It's time. [crying] Let her go. Let her go. All right, we're looking for suite 219, G-Money, 219. I'll find it. This speech therapist better not use the word "problem" or "deficit" or "disability" around my kid. No, she's not like that. I mean, look at him. He's perfect. He doesn't need to be here. He should be playing with his friends. Oh, but he doesn't have many friends. Oh, damn it, maybe there is a problem. Or it could just be that he's eight. Some kids aren't really verbal at eight. When I was eight, I was fat. I was uncoordinated. Nobody picked me for their teams. It sucked... but you know what, I read a lot. I grew a lot, got some great hair, and it all worked out. [laughing] Oh, I'm so glad you came with us. Of course I came, all right? I'm more than just your roommate. I love you. I love the kids, so do whatever you have to do to wrap that around your head, because I'm in. Mm. Come on, that's gross. Ew, yeah. That was gross. That's not where your keys are. Are you kidding me? [phone ringing] Alex? Yeah? Sal's posterior mitral valve leaflet ruptured. He's developed pulmonary edema. I'm not his doctor anymore, remember? I've been practicing with the Raven,  but I'm too rusty. I need you. Okay. Okay, give me 30 minutes. He doesn't have that long. His sats are dropping. We're taking him straight to the O.R. Just stick a balloon pump in. I'm doing this surgery. Got it. Even with lights and sirens you're not gonna make it. I know, that's why we're going with plan B. Plan B? Yes, Dr. Johnson has been cleared. Thank you. Is she a doctor? Worse, the O.R. supervisor. She controls who gets into every surgical suite. You don't get that job unless you can make grown men weep. Hey, let me talk to her. No, it's okay. I got this. Wait... Can I help you? Yes, I'm Dr. Alex Panttiere. I need access to your Raven suite to perform a remote mitral valve repair on my patient at St. Matthews. It's an emergency. He's developed pulmonary edema. You don't remember me, do you? Well, yeah, yeah, sure. I used to work at St. Matthews. You once told me that a pot-smoking kangaroo could do my job. Ooh... [exhales sharply] You don't have privileges here. Look, sorry I was rude to you. Sometimes I think I'm funny, and I'm not. My patient could die if I don't have access to that O.R. Of course, Dr. Panttiere. I'd be delighted to stick my neck out for you. In fact, I'll call our insurance company right... Carol! How are you? Oh, my gosh, you look exactly the same. Look at you. You always were a very smooth liar, Dr. Harrison. Look, I got a half an hour. You want to... you want to go get some coffee? I'm glad you're doing this surgery. Well, I'll be making the small incision in your side to give the surgical arms access, but Dr. Panttiere will be the lead surgeon. She's the only one I'd trust with my heart. Here, put this on. Just try to look like a short surgeon. It's gonna be really cool, Gabriel. I'll operate here, but the patient is at St. Matthews. Wow! She's too emotional. Well, that's actually what you want, Sal. One of the first times Lou came to this hospital, she needed a staging laparotomy. Dr. Panttiere had the balls to tell one of the most prestigious surgeons here a needle core biopsy would be the best approach. If she'd said that to anyone but me, she could have lost her surgeon privileges. Whoa. Are we gonna get in trouble? Oh, we're gonna save a life. Whoa. It's just you and me, kid. ♪ Just let them know it's in our blood ♪ You want Dr. Panttiere's emotion. It's gonna save your life. [sighs] ♪ It's in our blood ♪ 
♪ We burn like a fire ♪ 
♪ We black out the sun ♪ 
♪ Got every eye looking at us ♪ 
♪ Living like we're legends ♪ 
♪ Living like we're legends ♪ Are the robots connected? Perfectly. We've opened a secure link. Brilliant idea to do the surgery remotely. How'd you get Westside to agree? I just made it clear that my patient wouldn't survive without it, and they gave me permission. [whispering] You never, ever lie like Mom just did. Mm-hmm. How did you get Sal to agree? I told him you were the best, so don't screw up. Cameras are in. You got a picture? I'm good. Your move, Dr. Panttiere. It's gonna get kind of gross, Gabriel. You don't have to watch. This is so cool. ♪ Paint our statues with gold skin ♪ 
♪ We're living like we're legends ♪ Almost there. I just need to skirt these last two tar pits, then twist through the tunnel to avoid the mean dog. Are we still talking about the surgery? You should play more video games. Okay, here we go. Wow. Oh, wow. This is amazing. That sight never gets old. I want to be a surgeon. Okay, Jesse, I need you to take the grasper  and retract the tissue. Got it. ♪ Living like we're legends ♪ Okay, check this out, Gabriel. You see that valve right there, right in front? The thing that looks sort of like a mouth? Yeah, it doesn't close properly, so I snip away the damaged part... and then I remove it from the field. [banging on door] Open up! Police! Mom, what's happening? [banging and beeping] What's going on? I just tore the right ventricle. Open this door! Stop this surgery right now! Stay out of my way or this man dies. Jesse, I'm holding pressure on the right ventricle, but I need suction to see the tear. [alarm beeping] He's not gonna make it. I've got to open him up. There's no time. You'll need a couple of minutes to undock the robot, and getting his chest open will be a disaster. We're aborting this procedure. Scalpel. No! No, he'll be dead before you start. I'm already in. I'll hold pressure while you load up the sutures. I can fix this, but you have to help me. Now, do it. [alarm beeping] Loading sutures. She's operating remotely. Keep them coming. Do it, do it, do it, do it. Oh, keep them coming, two more. [suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ You did it. [exhales] Good, now get out. Bite me. [chuckling] Your job is scary. You don't have a reset button. I didn't need one today. You brought me luck. We missed my appointment with the speech therapist. It's okay. You don't need her. The kids in my class say I'm weird. Well, then weird can be your superpower. Besides, who needs normal? If you go to the land of normal, no one will be there. So is this normal? Just another day at the office. Okay, watch your head. All right, will you do me a favor and just keep her as long as you can, please? We'll come bail you out. Bye, Mom. Good luck. [siren whoops] You ever see the inside of a prison? No. Good. [Florence beeping, whirring] Special delivery. Are you an angel? It's me, Sal, Dr. Pain-in-Your-Ass. You did great. Yeah? Yeah. You owe me a baseball game, and maybe you can explain to me that whole batting .500 thing. Okay. Whoa, whoa, whoa, not now. Not now. I have something else I have to do first. Go back to sleep. Thanks. You're welcome. When will you be finished? I'm done. Good. I've told the board there's been a mistake and we need to pay you. Thank you for your time. What... wait a minute. Hey, hey, hey, hey, listen, wait a minute. What do you mean, that's it? That's all you want to say? Well, what else do you expect from someone who was just a mistress? I am not judging you. Millicent, you're doing that all on your own. I make no apologies for my relationship with Beni's father to you or to anybody. Whatever you and I... whatever this was between you and I, I just think... we're too different. Maybe, or maybe this was just our first fight. I care about you. If that doesn't work for you or... or if you're looking for some way to shut me out, that's your loss. I'll see you around. [The Donnies The Amys' "Drive You Home" playing] ♪ All of my strength ♪ 
♪ Is gone ♪ 
♪ I don't know ♪ 
♪ What you want ♪ 
♪ In a little while ♪ 
♪ The sun comes low ♪ I'm starting to forget the sound of Lou's voice. ♪ ♪ 
♪ Right up the road ♪ 
 ♪ ♪ 
♪ If I told you now ♪ 
 ♪ ♪ 
♪ I could almost not remember ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 