Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x04 - 100,000 Heartbeats - Heartbeat 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x04 - 100,000 Heartbeats https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=582&t=26457 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/07/16 09:48 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x04 - 100,000 Heartbeats 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 ♪ So I came back home ♪ 
 Hello? 
 I'm either home or having the best hallucination ever. 
 [yawns] Anybody? 
 ♪ ♪ 
♪ Oh, I can't change what already happened ♪ 
 [groans] 
 ♪ I can only control how I react ♪ 
♪ I don't know ♪ 
♪ For all I know, maybe, maybe I've been... ♪ 
 [groans] 
 Mm. 
 Ahh. 
 I smell coriander. 
 Laypeople call it curry. 
 How was Mumbai? 
 Curing cancer? 
 Mm, not yet. 
 But with laparoscopic radioembolization therapy, maybe. 
 Still not a doctor. 
 [chuckles] 
 It was good? 
 It was great. 
 But this bed... oh, my God. 
 [grunts] 
 Oh, hey, Al. 
 Is that nutmeg? 
 Curry. 
 Mm. 
 Hi, Bryan. 
 Mommy! You're home from India! 
 [grunts] 
 Hey. 
 Oh, my babies, come here. 
 I thought Pierce was gonna move in when you were gone. 
 He has a razor and a toothbrush in the bathroom. 
 He's moved in. 
 Hey. You're back. 
 Come here. 
 Is that curry? 
 Are you kidding me? I practically showered in... 
 No, I'm sorry. I called this morning. 
 Max put me up to it. I'm sorry. 
 Alex, you remember Evan Atwood. Evan, Dr. Panttiere. 
 Of course. And Mojo. 
 Yeah. 
 How are you? 
 Still terminal, but I should be over it in a few weeks. 
 I'm... I'm sorry. That was a reflex. 
 Actually, I'm glad you're here. 
 I've got a committee presentation, but could you stick around a little longer, please? 
 I sure hope so. 
 Good. I'll come find you. 
 I'll see you in the meeting. 
 All right. 
 This is not a cure, but it can prolong people's lives. 
 When I was in Mumbai, we performed the procedure on ten stage IV patients whose pancreatic cancers metastasized to their livers. 
 But before the trial, they'd all had lung shunting... 
 [tools whirring loudly] 
 Is that another earthquake? 
 No, they're installing some sort of art project down there. 
 It's part of Dr. Crawford's beautification grant. 
 Alex, Jesse, please continue. 
 No, what's really exciting about this is the way in we can now perform the procedure laparoscopically... 
 [tools whirring loudly] 
 [shouting] Which makes it a great option... 
 [normal voice] for stage IV patients who aren't good candidates for intrahepatic microspheres. 
 Yeah, well, it also ensures precision in targeting the yurit... yur... yur... 
 Yttrium. 
 Yttrium. 
 Yeah. 
 Into the tumors. 
 Wait a minute. 
 Hey, hey, hey. That's radioactive. 
 What are you doing? 
 Chill, Silkwood. 
 It's just a demo. 
 So the syringes are preloaded with 30-micron glass microspheres, which are suspended in saline solution, which are then injected by use of the probe. 
 Oh. Now I know how they're injected. 
 Of the ten trial patients in Mumbai, nine, nine showed measurable improvement. 
 What about the tenth? 
 She succumbed to SIRS with a fever of 106. 
 Side effects? 
 The usual suspects... nausea, vomiting, fever, diarrhea. 
 Sounds like Sunday morning at my house, so... 
 [tools whirring, drilling] 
 So all we need now is five patients who meet the criteria. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Five patients is gonna be tough. 
 Is that why you want to talk to Evan? 
 He's a perfect candidate. 
 [loud drilling] 
 And we are done. 
 I suggest you start screening patients. 
 Uh... one second, please. 
 [drilling continues] 
 Can I... can I... 
 Can I talk to you? Hello? 
 Uh, Milly? A word? 
 Yeah, but it will damn well be your last if you ever call me that again. 
 Look, my favorite character on "The Love Boat" was Julie, okay? 
 [loud drilling] 
 The hot but attainable cruise director, okay? 
 She was like the CXO of the ship. 
 And I want to bring those same fun times to St. Matt's that she brought to the "Pacific Princess." 
 So, since you have not found a qualified candidate... 
 Wait. Are you saying you want to be considered for Chief Experience Officer? 
 Yes. 
 Does this have anything to do with impressing a certain nurse? 
 [loud drilling] 
 Yes! Of course it does! 
 Plus, for whatever reason, people love to bitch to me, so I already know who's unhappy with what. 
 It might surprise you to know I actually agree with you. 
 There's just one problem. 
 Nobody likes you. 
 Pants, Ping-Pang-Pong... they love me. 
 Plus, I'm best bros with Harrison and Shane. 
 And Forester... that guy hears my name, he gets a chubby. 
 I'll tell you what... if you can improve one person's experience, I will consider you for the job. 
 [drilling, whirring] 
 Excuse me? 
 Hello? Could you stop... 
 Hi. Sorry. Yeah. 
 Excuse me? Hello? Excuse me? 
 Hi. Hi. 
 Sorry. 
 I couldn't hear over the noise. 
 Yeah, that's what I was trying to... 
 Do you think you could find a better time to do this? 
 [chuckles] Is there a better time in a hospital? 
 I'm Wyatt, by the way. 
 Hi. 
 I'm Milly... I mean, Millicent. 
 I'm COO, and this, whatever it is, it's disruptive. 
 Oh, since you asked... 
 It's a collection of moments for anyone who bothers to stop and really look at it. 
 It gives them something else to think about. 
 I think we all need that, don't you? 
 It's my way of affecting people who pass by. 
 Otherwise, what's the point? 
 Reminds me of Kim Byoungho, the Korean sculptor who works with metal. 
 One of your influences? 
 Yeah, Kim's work blends art with engineering to express the pursuit of new desires. 
 Mine's meant to be experienced in the here and now. 
 But if the now is disruptive, I am happy to take a break. 
 Thank you. 
 [chuckles] 
 [chuckles, scoffs] 
 Arty-boy wants to butter your scone. 
 It's "scahn." 
 Whatever. 
 He wants to put something on your biscuit. 
 In the first trial, the surgery extended the longevity and quality of life by weeks, sometimes months. 
 But the side effects are consistent with chemo and radiation. 
 Only four small incisions are required, so it's minimally invasive. 
 There could be... uh, unpredictable complications as well. 
 To be clear, this treatment is experimental, and we're still in the clinical-trial phase. 
 In one case, a patient developed something called Systemic Inflammatory Response Syndrome... which can cause a dangerously high fever. 
 So please understand... we're not offering a cure, but we can offer hope. 
 So feel free to think it over... 
 I want you to weigh the risks and the benefits. 
 And let us know. 
 So I'm gambling on living a few weeks longer or dying even sooner? 
 The first trial had a 90% success rate, Evan. 
 [sighs] 
 Look, Doc, you've been... straight with me on this whole ride. 
 If you were me, would you do it? 
 [sighs] 
 Look, uh, it's up to you, Evan, but after what you went through in your last run of chemo, I would probably take my dog on a road trip. 
 [sentimental music] 
 [dog whimpers] 
 Then that's my answer. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Okay, A, you don't have a dog, and, two, this trial may give us a chance to extend the lives of our patients and find innovative treatments. 
 What... You should be excited about this. 
 I am excited about this. 
 It's just... Evan's made his peace. 
 He asked me for the truth, and I gave it to him. 
 And all those others... they made their own decisions. 
 No, no, after you talked them out of it. 
 What's the first thing we learn about terminal patients? 
 They all want the same thing... more time. 
 This procedure can give them that. 
 And... and it's your specialty. 
 You could climb up the ranks, become head of your department. 
 Hold on a second. 
 Is this about advancing our careers? 
 [scoffs] 
 You... you think I became CIO to advance my career? 
 I took this job to have access to funding for research and breakthroughs and hopefully better treatments and cures. 
 So what this is really about, Pierce, is the same thing we both want... better lives for our patients. 
 I get that, but what about "do no harm"? 
 We're supposed to give them a good life while we can. 
 Shouldn't that include a good death too? 
 I don't know who I'm talking to. 
 Right now your peer, Alex. 
 Then you'll understand why I'm doing this trial... with or without you. 
 Hey, we should... 
 Everything okay? 
 [scoffs] It's jet lag. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Yeah, I-I-I mean, I'm not trying to talk anybody into anything. 
 I was making a solid medical case. 
 It sounds like Pierce was doing exactly the same as you, just from a different point of view. 
 It doesn't make him wrong. It just pisses you off. 
 You know how important this trial is to me? 
 Only now I have zero participants. 
 Mm. 
 Why are you taking his side? 
 I'm not taking his side. 
 Now that I've had a chance to get to know your boyfriend a little bit better, I can tell he's a damn good doctor. 
 Did I just hear quotes around "boyfriend," the way you said it just now? 
 Oh, my God, only if you put them there. 
 I mean, you and Pierce are good together. 
 Mm. 
 He's a good balance for you. 
 "Balance"? What are you... 
 You'd be the first to admit that you can be impossible. 
 Pierce is good for you. 
 You should cut him a bit of slack and realize there's nothing wrong with his way of looking at things. 
 So you are taking his side. 
 It's good doctoring to know when enough's enough. 
 Alex, sometimes prolonging a patient's life at the expense of their well-being isn't the right way to go. 
 You of all people should know that. 
 So, yeah, philosophically, I agree with Pierce. 
 Intellectually, I'm with you. 
 When it comes to the bigger picture and the benefits of a trial like this, we're both playing the long game. 
 I'm not playing any game. 
 And you're way out of line, commenting on my relationship with Pierce. 
 So if you and I are gonna work together, keep it professional. 
 There's only one way you and I can work together. 
 You need to get over me. 
 And then we can keep it professional. 
 [chuckles] 
 "Balance"? 
 Of all the arrogant and condescending and... and "balance"? 
 [mocking Australian accent] "Oh, yeah, you and Pierce are so great together." 
 [normal voice] And I need to get over him? 
 Why don't you get over yourself... 
 [mocking Australian accent] Dr. Balance? 
 [playful music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 I was never here. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [normal voice] Oh, God. 
 What if he's right? [sighs] 
 She's great. What is she, around 7? 
 No, she's 13. 
 Wow. 
 She still loves the park. 
 That's great. Have a good day. 
 Hey, Evan. 
 Just the person I was looking for. 
 Can we... You mind if we sit down? 
 Of course. 
 Come on, let's go, girl. 
 [sighs] Let's go, girl. 
 [chuckles] 
 What's on your mind? 
 So... [grunts] 
 I got my car all packed. 
 Good. 
 And I was throwing the ball for Mojo for old time's sake in the backyard, but when it was time to go, she just sat there with that ratty old ball in her mouth, waiting for me to throw it again. 
 So I did... but when she went to get it, she tripped and fell. 
 She's, uh, 13, and she's... starting to have some issues. 
 It's hard. 
 I know. 
 It didn't stop her, though. 
 She wanted me to throw it again. 
 And... all of a sudden, I had this image of being in a... in a motel near the G-Grand Canyon or whatever, and... and she's sitting beside my bed... with that ball in her mouth, waiting for me to wake up. 
 [inspiring music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 I can't let her outlive me... 
 And spend the last of her days wondering why I won't throw the ball. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 I understand. 
 I read an article that the heart beats 100,000 times a day. 
 So that's how I've been measuring the time that I've got left, not in days or weeks... 
 But beats. 
 [sniffles] 
 And if you think that this new-procedure thing can give me more than I currently have... then I'm all-in. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 I need four more patients for the trial. 
 From what Doc Harrison has said about you, I've got faith you'll find the other four. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Let's look at what? 
 Look at that! 
 Yeah, but how is everybody gonna get there? 
 I didn't even look at... Hey. 
 Oh, I love that book. 
 What are you doing with my laptop? 
 Hey, Mom. 
 Hi. 
 Hey, Mom. 
 Hi, Mom. 
 Hi. 
 I made some killer enchiladas. You hungry? 
 Oh, I'm starved. 
 [grunts] 
 You know you suck at hiding things from me, right? 
 Except for being gay. 
 Well... 
 You know what? Maybe now's a good time for us to, uh, go someplace else. 
 Like where? 
 I'm working on it. 
 So? 
 I'm meeting Callahan at my old gym, and, uh, since I'm out that way, I'm just gonna stay at my place. 
 Oh, okay. 
 All right, bye. 
 [door closes] 
 [sighs] 
 That a work fight or a fight fight? 
 No, work fight. 
 So you still haven't told me what's going on. 
 Mmm. 
 Oh, "mouthgasm." 
 Mmm. [chuckles] 
 Bryan asked me to marry him. 
 Get out. 
 Max! That's fantastic! 
 You said yes? 
 I did. 
 So why the Eeyore face? 
 There's one little glitch. 
 I can't marry him... because of... us. 
 Oh... 
 Kind of time to get a divorce. 
 [soft guitar thrumming] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [dog barking in the distance] 
 Do you mind if I crash here a couple days? 
 You don't have to ask or explain. 
 You can move in if you want to. 
 I might have to. 
 Michael and I broke up. 
 Oh, Max, I'm sorry. 
 No, I'm sorry... for everything I've put you through. 
 Oh, I survived. [chuckles] 
 It was worth it to see you happy. 
 You got a hit song out of it. That wasn't nothing. 
 A song about a total narcissist. 
 But the second I started talking about surrogacy or adoption, he just freaked out. 
 [scoffs] 
 And you know how bad I want kids. 
 Yeah, as much as I do. 
 [breathes deeply] 
 We still could. 
 What? 
 Who says best friends can't be great parents? 
 Unless you think you can't, you know... 
 I told you, you're the only woman who ever did anything for me. 
 Yeah, but you also said you had to fantasize about Lenny Kravitz... which is fine, because Lenny had a good time too. 
 It's something to think about. 
 I've decided I'm gonna pay for everything. 
 Alex. 
 I just want it really elegant and easy. 
 Alex, this is kind of why we were putting off telling you. 
 Hmm? 
 Bryan really doesn't want to hurt your feelings, but he's a little bit afraid of you "Alexing" the whole thing. 
 Hmm. 
 We really want to make it ours. 
 He really gets me, doesn't he? 
 [fork clatters lightly] 
 You think I'd marry him if he didn't? 
 And do not sweat it. 
 Bryan is all over this. 
 He's been on Craigslist looking at wedding venues. 
 It is amazing what you can find on there. 
 Hey. 
 Hey. 
 How was your workout? 
 Uh, Callahan ditched me, so I just, uh, went home. 
 [elevator bell dings, doors open] 
 Dr. Panttiere, I need you. 
 Well, that's a face. 
 It's very clever of you to use Craigslist to solicit trial patients. 
 Oh, just thinking outside the box. 
 Consequences be damned? 
 Take a look. 
 [indistinct chatter] 
 I thought I'd get six, tops. 
 Yeah. 
 And the kicker is, you get to tell all these terminal patients that only five of them have a shot. 
 Good luck with that, Doctor. 
 [somber music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 
 
 
 [indistinct chatter] 
 Yes. Uh-huh. 
 Este es el milagro que he estado esperando. 
 This is the miracle she's prayed for. 
 Ah, well, I just need to see if your mother meets the criteria for the study. 
 Please just tell her to be patient. 
 Ella dice que tiene que... 
 Hey. 
 Please tell me you have my back. 
 Of course I have your back. I don't want to fight. 
 Okay, good. Thank you. 
 Okay, I need every available nurse and doctor, please, to help me take vitals! 
 Okay, this is Mrs. Carranza. Can you start with her? 
 Yeah, sure. Uh, buenos días, señora Carranza. 
 Well, this is classic Panttiere. 
 Yeah, bite my ass. 
 It was a compliment. 
 Yeah, bite it. 
 Dr. Panttiere... 
 I-is it true you're still only gonna treat five of us? 
 That's part of the protocol. They only have funding for five. 
 But what are we supposed to do... 
 I mean, draw straws, rock, paper, scissors, what? 
 The ad said zip about a limit. 
 I understand that. 
 What is this, some kind of lame-ass cancer-patient Bake-Off? 
 I just need a little more time. 
 Time? 
 Look who you're talking to. 
 Excuse me one second. Alex... we need to triage these patients in the cafeteria. 
 You mean get them out of sight. 
 Pick your battles, Alex. 
 Come on, I'll make an announcement. 
 No, this is on me. 
 Okay, everybody! 
 Can I have your attention, please? 
 [whistle] 
 [overlapping shouting] 
 We don't have time! 
 Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey! 
 Calm down! 
 Please, I need your attention. 
 I'm Dr. Alex Panttiere, and I am the one responsible for the Craigslist ad. 
 [crowd murmurs] 
 Needless to say, I-I didn't expect this many of you. 
 So I'm just asking for your patience while I figure this out, okay? 
 Uh, but in the meantime, there is free food and beverages in the cafeteria. 
 Okay? 
 Do you expect me to authorize that? 
 Just take it out of my salary. 
 Do you believe this? 
 At least she's owning it. 
 Typical. 
 I know the law, and hospitals can't turn patients away. 
 Yeah, that's emergency rooms. 
 This is a cafeteria. 
 And your BP's 150 over 80, so chill. 
 Doctor's orders. 
 Penny, there you are. 
 You're helping with vitals? 
 Yep. 
 As acting CXO, I want to get a feel for everybody's job... so I can understand how to make improvements. 
 How can I upgrade your work experience? 
 Remove yourself from it. 
 You're funny. I like funny. 
 So did you have anything to do with the Wyatt Penn thing going up outside the lobby as part of your CX thing? 
 You know him? 
 No, I don't know him. 
 But I know his work. 
 Paintings are more my thing. 
 I collect Warhol. 
 Andy Warhol? 
 No, Bob Warhol. 
 And a little Ed Ruscha, some Jae Mal Chin. 
 He one of your people. You know him? 
 No, but I love his time series. 
 Wait. Why should I believe the guy who claimed he invented Google just to get women into bed? 
 I bet you found out I minored in art history, so you took a crash course in Wikipedia, right? 
 [pen clatters] 
 You want to see my Pollock? 
 Not if that's a euphemism. 
 Whoa. All right. 
 Okay, we're talking arty stuff. 
 You wouldn't understand. 
 Let me know if you ever want to see my Pollock... free admission. 
 God help me. 
 You might have to stop doing that, all right? 
 I'm sorry. 
 Well, I just had to tell 18 people they wouldn't survive the procedure. 
 That was fun. 
 Well, that brings us down to 41 legit candidates. 
 I ran a cross analysis of your patients' most recent labs and imaging results. 
 Now, the computer took over. 
 Clinically, these are your best five candidates. 
 And compassionately, these are your best five. 
 And so, what, I'm just supposed to choose? 
 Yeah. 
 [knock at door] 
 Dr. Panttiere requested a consultation... in private. 
 That's some serious jet lag there. 
 You're telling me. 
 Thanks for coming, Dr. Hack. 
 It's just a pretty big step to admit you need help. 
 This is not about me. 
 I have to go out there and tell five people they have a shot at a few more weeks of life. 
 And the rest? Thanks for playing. 
 And it doesn't help that Pierce, Jesse, and I can't seem to get on the same page... 
 That's a lot to shoulder, especially when you don't have a strong foundation in your personal life. 
 What do you know about... 
 Don't make me hit you. 
 Look, I get it. I do. 
 You're being pulled in two different directions by two of your colleagues with whom you have shared some personal meshuggaas. 
 But you know you can't let that infect your resolve as a doctor. 
 Man up, woman. 
 Put your full metal jacket on and go out there and tell those people this is the hardest thing you've ever had to do. 
 You need to come with me... right now. 
 All : [chanting] We sit, we wait, and hope it's not too late. 
 We sit, we wait, and hope it's not too late. 
 We sit, we wait, and hope it's not too late. 
 We sit, we wait, and hope it's not too late. 
 We sit, we wait, and hope it's not too late. 
 We sit, we wait, and hope it's not too late. 
 Evan... 
 [chanting continues] 
 We're not competing for the five spots. 
 We're staying right here until the hospital treats every single one of us. 
 Evan, I'm sorry. We can't do that. 
 [chanting continues] 
 Then call the cops on us. 
 You guys'll look really great. 
 I mean, we got nothing to lose! 
 Dr. Panttiere... 
 [chanting continues] 
 Handle this. 
 All : We sit, we wait, and hope it's not too late. 
 Okay, I will. 
 What are you doing? 
 All : [chanting] We sit, we wait, and hope it's not too late. We sit, we wait, and hope it's not too late. We sit, we wait, and hope it's not too late. We sit, we wait, and hope it's not too late. We sit, we wait, and hope it's not too late. We sit, we wait, and hope it's not too late. We sit, we wait, and hope it's not too late. 
 [indistinct murmurs] 
 You can't do that. 
 All : And hope it's not too late. 
 You can. 
 What... 
 All : And hope it's not too late. 
 We sit, we wait, and hope it's not too late. 
 You... you did not just do that. 
 I wanted to have you Tasered. You are CIO of this hospital. 
 But I'm a doctor first, and so are you. 
 Hey, you're exploding on Instagram. 
 [gasps] 
 #CancerBake-Off is trending. 
 Whoa. I went viral. 
 You think this is cute? 
 You're pissed at me. I understand... 
 [door opens, overlapping chatter] 
 Oh, you're about to be really pissed at me. 
 "Pissed" doesn't even come close. 
 Is it true St. Matthew's is turning away dying people? 
 [sighs] It... 
 [sighs] It's not that simple. 
 But by denying treatment to the dying by spending over a million dollars on something so frivolous... 
 Okay, art is never frivolous, and if you'd done your homework, you'd know that these funds were specifically donated, because art has a proven healing and restorative property. 
 Yes, but what about the patients that... 
 And you would know that I'm donating my work for personal reasons. 
 Okay, excuse me. Sorry. 
 Hi. I'm Dr. Silvano. 
 I'm COO of St. Matthew's, and you can direct your questions to me. 
 [reporters shouting] 
 I have no comment at this time. 
 Come with me, please. 
 [reporter shouting question] 
 [chuckles] You know what? 
 I think it's great that you've made this gesture of donating your work, and thank you, but you shouldn't be talking to the press on our behalf. 
 Apologies. They shoved a mic in my face. 
 You know, if you were a work of art... and I'm not saying you aren't... you would be a study in... 
 Oh, please, don't try to define me, okay? 
 You have no idea. 
 No, but I do. 
 I know that look. 
 Let me guess. 
 You get about three hours sleep a night, maybe four if you're lucky. 
 You can't remember the last time you ate a meal sitting down. 
 [scoffs] 
 And you've gotten so behind on calling back your friends that they've stopped calling. 
 I used to work on Wall Street... a million years ago. 
 I get you, Millicent. 
 I want to show you something. 
 My work is meant to be tactile. 
 I design all of my pieces to be experienced not just with the eyes... but with your hands. 
 I don't really have time right now. 
 I'll be here when you do. 
 [knocks on glass] 
 Did I just catch you flirting, Dr. Silvano? 
 [scoffs] Don't be daft. He's not my type. 
 And, anyway, I've got a bit of a crisis on my hands. 
 That's all the more reason to grab a bit of fun. 
 Why don't you step out of your comfort zone once in a while? 
 Let the man service you, baby girl. 
 Are you medicated? 
 [group continues chanting] 
 And in my defense, I might not have anticipated the volume of patients, but I found enough for the trial. 
 You're a real maverick, aren't you, Dr. P? 
 I hate mavericks. 
 Do you really expect us to spend, oh, just shy of half a million dollars for a risky treatment for 41 patients? 
 Dr. Crawford... what was the best day of your life? 
 When my grandchild was born. Why? 
 And you looked forward to it? 
 Of course I did. 
 What kind of a question is that? 
 Imagine if you knew you were gonna die before that day came, because that's the fear that these patients... these... these people live with every day of their lives. 
 They know there's no cure, but they just aren't ready to go. 
 They just want a little more time. 
 Even 100,000 more heartbeats is a start, and we have a chance to give them that. 
 I'm inclined to pull the plug. 
 Well, before you do... 
 [pensive music] 
 [exhales deeply] 
 Alex, give me an hour. 
 Let me try to convince the board. 
 [Lenny Kravitz's "Calling All Angels"] 
 ♪ And I'm ♪ 
♪ Calling all angels ♪ 
♪ And I'm ♪ 
♪ Calling all angels... ♪ 
 How can I help? 
 I kept my license current. 
 It's time I stepped out of my comfort zone. 
 Walk me through it. 
 I'm happy to. 
 You'll be on the closing team. 
 We're doing 41 procedures sequentially in 3 ORs. 
 And the ORs are only available until 8:00 tomorrow morning. 
 As a precaution, we'll all wear ring dosimeters on our index fingers under our gloves. 
 If yours turns red, you've maxed out your radiation exposure. 
 Don't jeopardize your own health. 
 Leave the OR immediately. 
 ♪ I need a sign ♪ 
♪ To let me know you're here ♪ 
♪ 'Cause my TV set... ♪ 
 Pressure's 130 over 97. 
 Once each patient is under, the opening team, led by Pierce and Callahan, will prep... 
 Okay, fill her up. 
 Drape, insufflate, and insert the camera and ports. 
 Insufflating now. 
 ♪ And I'm ♪ 
♪ Callin'... ♪ 
 All right, we've got eyes. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Ready for you, Dr. Panttiere. 
 I'm sorry about, you know... 
 Me too. 
 Now get back to work. 
 When they're done, they'll leapfrog to the next OR. 
 Okay, let's do this, Mrs. Carranza. 
 Uh, Cheeks, pass me the yurr... 
 Ugh. 
 Yttrium. 
 Yeah, that. 
 I'll be on the implant team, along with Jesse, and we'll inject the microspheres. 
 [indistinct chatter] 
 Millicent and Marty, you're up. 
 You did great, Mrs. C. 
 One down, 40 more to go, team. 
 When we're finished, the closing team, Millicent and Marty, will remove the ports and close. 
 Then it's same song... second verse, third verse, and so forth until all 41 patients are done or we collapse, whichever comes first. 
 Right here, Doctor. 
 ♪ Callin' ♪ 
♪ All angels ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ I won't give up if you don't give you ♪ 
 Lucky number 21. 
 [chuckles] 
 If, uh, anything happens, will you make sure Mojo's okay? 
 You can make sure yourself in the morning. 
 [chuckles] 
 21! 
 ♪ I won't give up if you don't give up ♪ 
♪ And I'm ♪ 
♪ Callin' all angels ♪ 
♪ And I'm ♪ 
♪ Callin' all you angels ♪ 
 [knocks on glass] 
 You go. I got this. 
 Patient number 32 is almost there. 
 Sorry, Alex, but... as Chief of Surgery, I got to shut this down. 
 What? 
 They're all spiking fevers of 104 and higher. 
 Three people have died, Alex. Mrs. Carranza is one of them. 
 The fevers are all spiking. 
 I've never seen anything like this. 
 [monitors beeping rapidly] 
 [background chatter] 
 All their fevers are spiking. 
 These patients have to be cooled down immediately. 
 I need cooling blankets on 31 now. 
 You are not gonna die on me. 
 I need more ice packs and Solu-Medrol! 
 Got it. 
 Bed 15 is spiking. 
 I don't understand. 
 We did everything exactly according to protocol. 
 We overestimated their immune systems. 
 We put them all at risk for SIRS. 
 22 is burning up. 
 We're out of cooling blankets. 
 Okay, empty out the ice machines if you have to. 
 Nobody stops moving! Nobody takes a break! 
 You understand? 
 Look. 
 [monitors beeping] Look. 
 Number three and number four are breaking. 
 Mr. Roth's fever broke. 
 Come on. Come on. 
 I've got number six breaking over here. 
 Five and eight breaking here. 
 He's not alone. Their temps are dropping. 
 Look, all the monitors are going blue. 
 They all coming down. 
 [monitors beeping] 
 [uplifting music] 
 [gasps] It's like a miracle. 
 Or it's just a temporary fever. 
 I'm gonna go with miracle. 
 That way, Mrs. Carranza's prayers didn't go unanswered. 
 All right, everyone, let's scrub back in. 
 Let's finish this. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Patient number 41, Mrs. Overton, is done! 
 [applause] And so am I. 
 Marty, close her up. 
 [sighs] 
 Hey, guys, I just got word. 
 The fever's following the same pattern in all the patients, and there's no more fatalities. 
 Great news. 
 Yeah. 
 And by the way, you still got hands. 
 I have, haven't I? 
 Oh, and thank you for... whatever you did to convince the board. 
 Oh, no, I wish I could take credit for that, but that was all Jesse. 
 It turns out, he and Crawford go way back. 
 He was on fire. 
 Good night. 
 Hey. 
 Hey. 
 You, uh, you coming home? 
 Uh, in a minute. I got a promise I got to keep first. 
 Okay. 
 Good work. 
 You too. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 What? 
 Nothing. 
 I just wanted to say, uh... 
 [breathes deeply] 
 Yttrium. 
 That's all. 
 [chuckles] You're welcome. 
 It's a Jae Mal Chin. 
 Yeah, I know. 
 Is it real? 
 Yep. 
 And if it brightens your work experience, maybe you'll put in a good word with Millicent for me. 
 [sighs] 
 It's a crazy night. Want a ride home? 
 That would make it crazier. 
 It's just a ride. Don't think it's a date. 
 Yeah, okay. 
 [murmuring] 
 No worries, yeah. 
 Get some sleep. 
 You get some sleep. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [chuckles] What do you think? 
 [chuckles, inhales deeply] 
 Yeah, I... 
 I think I get it. 
 I just... I feel silly. 
 Don't feel silly. 
 So, um... so what did you do on Wall Street? 
 Kind of a long story... better told over a cup of coffee. 
 Okay, but... 
 I need to get out of this place for a while. 
 I suspect you do. 
 Good on you, Silvano. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [Mojo whimpering] 
 [barks] 
 Mojo! 
 Hey, girl. How you doing? 
 Hi. 
 How are you feeling? 
 Good girl. 
 No jokes... 
 I'm actually hopeful. 
 Thank you for that, Doc. 
 Thank you. 
 You might've just made someone hopeful in the future. 
 It's a decent legacy. 
 Now, when can I get out of here? 
 We got stuff to do. 
 How about tomorrow? 
 Tomorrow? 
 That sounds really good to me. 
 [door opens] 
 Hey. 
 [fork scraping on plate] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 So let's get a divorce. 
 I can't help feeling like I'm losing you all over again. 
 We have always defied convention. 
 Now we're just gonna riff on that. 
 I know. 
 But if you even so much as look at another woman... 
 Get upstairs. 
 Your man is waiting for you. 
 [light indie music] 
 ♪ A little too much ♪ 
♪ How will I ever... ♪ 
 [sighs] Can we talk? 
 Okay. About what? 
 I'm ready to... 
 You think we can keep work at work? 
 Why don't you move in for real... and we find out? 
 For real? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 ♪ The snow always melts from the sun ♪ 
♪ Brings the heat ♪ 
 [snores] 
 ♪ So as long as you're ♪ 
♪ Walkin' with me at your side ♪ 
♪ Together we're stronger ♪ 
♪ Than just you or I ♪ 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 