Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x06 - Of Monsters and Men - Dracula 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x06 - Of Monsters and Men https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=155&t=9191 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/07/13 01:51 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x06 - Of Monsters and Men 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on Dracula... 
 Marry me... 
 Things will never be the same. You are to be married, and that is that. 
 How long must I spend skulking in the shadows? 
 I want to walk in the sun like any other man. 
 [Screaming] 
 Not until I've done further tests on the blood I took from you. 
 These cells are alive. 
 I want you to find out everything about this General Shaw. 
 He's a powerful ally of my competitors. 
 These are General Shaw's personal accounts. 
 General Shaw is taking bribes. 
 My intention was to embarrass the man. 
 You're not suggesting I just let this go, are you? 
 Mr. Grayson. 
 The privilege of the first dance. 
 You wish to employ my services in order to get Mr. Renfield to answer one question. 
 [Grunting] 
 Who does Grayson love? 
 [Laughs] 
 [Screams] 
 [Panting] 
 [Chuckles] 
 [Shuffles cards] 
 Vampires don't promenade about, attending balls and running businesses. 
 They are creatures of night and shadow. 
 My point precisely. 
 In all the months Grayson's lived in London, he has yet to attend a single event in daylight. 
 Well, if that were the proof, I'd have to hunt half the titled cads in London. 
 Then consider those who oppose his interests. 
 Sir Clive, killed by a wolf. 
 Lord Laurent, persuaded to forfeit his company at the cost of his life. 
 Meanwhile, the man develops a technology which, if successful, will render our investments in the Ottoman oil fields worthless. 
 I understand your concerns, Mr. Browning, I do, but I've spent a great deal of time with Mr. Grayson, and I can assure you as your head huntsman, I would have noticed if the man were Nosferatu. 
 Thomas, you've been looking into the man. What do you make of him? 
 Well, I must say, I do share your concerns, Mr. Browning. 
 Based on what evidence? 
 Oh, nothing specific, purely instinct. 
 Shall I probe further? 
 No, that won't be necessary. 
 I know a way to flush out the beast, once and for all. 
 Thank you. 
 Oh, Winston, a little bird tells me you have a case of 1811 Chateau Margaux. 
 I do, Madame. 
 [Laughs] 
 Oh, Alexander, you must try this, it's exquisite. 
 Of course. 
 If you'll excuse me for a moment. 
 [Laughs] 
 A single playing card, folded elegantly down the center and torn into two pieces, shown on the front and the back. 
 Now, watch very carefully, 'cause your eyes will deceive you. [Laughs] 
 That's extraordinary. 
 Yes, the soup Julienne is extraordinary. 
 So I should have that, and so should you, Mina. 
 I'm sorry, darling, but I don't know how someone so bright can enjoy something as simpleminded as parlor magic. 
 So how's it done, then? 
 It's simple, really. 
 Why, Mr. Grayson. 
 You have a gift for making London seem small. 
 Miss Murray, you're looking lovely tonight, as ever. 
 Permit me to explain. 
 The card is folded down the middle and is torn, but not the whole way. 
 It is folded back in itself, and you mime... 
 Tearing the card in half... 
 Good heavens. 
 So it appears to be torn. 
 [Laughs] But really, it's still in one place. 
 The rest is purely theater. 
 That's very good, isn't it, Jonathan? 
 Yes, quite. 
 Yes. 
 If business should ever prove fruitless, you might very well enjoy a future on the stage. 
 Now, if you'll excuse me. 
 Well, I appear to have been abandoned by Alexander. 
 I'm sure he'll be back when he's done showing off. 
 Oh, I have no doubt. 
 Darling, would you pop in for tea at mine tomorrow? 
 It's just I feel we have so much in common, it would be a sin not to get to know each other better. 
 Yes, of course. I'd love to. 
 See, I-I also know what it's like to be denied one's heart's desire. 
 I have no interest whatsoever in Alexander Grayson. 
 I'm not talking about him. 
 I'd like to apologize for leaving your engagement party so abruptly. 
 I'd hate to think either of you inferred a personal slight or a diminution of my fondness towards you as a couple. 
 For you, Harker, are the King of Hearts, and you, Mina, the Queen. 
 And even if an evil, little Jester tries to come between you... 
 He cannot sever your bond. 
 Winston, please see to it that my friends get the very best, on my account. 
 Now, shall we see just how much of Mr. Grayson's fortune we can drink in a single night? 
 Let's. [Both laughing] 
 Winston! 
 [Both laughing] 
 May I take your shawl, my Queen? 
 You may, my King. 
 [Both laughing] 
 How was your promenade? 
 Oh, spoilt by too much rain, thus requiring your assistance. 
 Thank you. 
 You're welcome. 
 [Laughs] 
 Are you sure? 
 [Tense music] 
 ♪ 
 Season 1, Episode 6 
 "Of Monsters and Men" 
 I've been thinking. 
 Mm... About? 
 We should elope. 
 Elope? 
 Mm. 
 Makes sense. 
 Why go through the trouble of a formal wedding when we could just be together? 
 Just you and me as we are? 
 Do you honestly feel that what we did last night makes our vows any less sacred? 
 No. No, of course not. 
 Then we should get married in a church, before God and our family and all of our friends. 
 Of course. We'll set a date. 
 What are you doing tonight? 
 I'm due at University. 
 I see, so I'm playing second fiddle to your work with Dr. van Helsing. 
 [Both laughing] 
 You're late. 
 Nickel-steel alloy. 
 60% lighter than regular steel with amazing heat-transference properties. 
 Nonmagnetic, as well. The answer to our resonated casing problem. 
 Very good, Harker. 
 I don't suppose you can tell me the foundries in England with expertise in nickel-steel alloy. 
 Trick question. 
 There's only one, and Renfield found it. 
 Empire and colonial metallurgy. 
 Now, it's owned by one Ewan Telford III. 
 He's American. Old money, Boston blueblood. 
 His family is in shipping. 
 Besides dabbling in business, it seems Ewan has a fanatical interest in all things wild west. Cowboys and Indians? Outlaws, six-guns, fallen women. And most interestingly, poker, five-card draw, all comers welcome with unlimited stakes. And it just so happens he has a game this evening. Does he, now? Mm-hmm. Excellent work, Mr. Harker. Renfield. Good to see you on the mend. Have the police made any headway on your attackers? I'm sorry to say no. I'm told this type of gang attack is all too common on your East Side. It's hard to believe that they'd attack a man your size. A measure of their desperation. Clearly. I suppose I should be grateful they didn't take my life as well. Time, after all, heals all wounds. Not all. True, sir. But there are still things we can do to lessen their sting. Harker, can you excuse us for a moment? Now. Of course. You found it. Yes, sir, the Dresden Triptych. Ah, the Dresden Triptych, eh? 15th century, Romanian baroque. We intercepted a telegram from his man, Renfield, to the auction house. Seems that for 12 years, Grayson has employed agents all over the globe in search of this triptych. The auction is next week. Mm. Good work, Mr. Cameron. Hackett, get me this Dresden Triptych. If Mr. Grayson wants it, then so do I. Your bet, Mr. Grayson. Huh? I fold. Fold. Three 10s. Mr. Grayson, you have played this game before, correct? I have, Mr. Telford, many times. Well, I certainly wouldn't know it by your timidity, sir. You've folded nine straight hands. The cards weren't to my liking. And yet you bet recklessly on them right up until the very last round. I've just about cleaned you out without seeing a single one of your cards. Just about. How was your evening, sir? I suspect Mr. Ewan Telford III is busy trying to explain to his mummy and daddy how he lost his business in a card game. The annual stockholder meeting for British Imperial Coolant has been rescheduled. Instead of Friday evening, it'll be held at noon. In the solarium, in the middle of the day. Send my regrets. Sir, as chairman, you must attend or risk a proxy vote, which will remove you as head of the company. Lose control, and you lose the coolant. Damn van Helsing! I told him to delay our plan to avenge the order until he perfected the serum. Now I lose my company or burn. Damn! [Gasps] What is this? Why is it hidden away? What in the world was I thinking? Thank you for agreeing to meet with me, Miss Westenra. I didn't mean to embarrass you at the Savoy. It's just, when I saw the manner in which you were gazing at Miss Murray, I... I felt like I was peering into a looking glass. Oh. Oh. Dear girl. [Both laughing] Oh, don't be frightened. I mean, surely Minerva... surely your mother told you how commonplace these urges are. No. Why, yes, of course. They're a perfectly natural part of a woman's maturation. I myself had several female lovers before I ever conjugated with a man. Really? Mm. These... these longings are not unusual. In fact, Mina likely feels the same way about you. She's never uttered a word. Neither have you. See, women have many secret ways of expressing desire. It's a touch of the hand, gentle hug... Stolen glance. The hints abound. Mina, no doubt, is too afraid to unveil her heart to you, but the next time she gives you a hint, assume the burden. Tell her how you feel. What is this? We owe the failure of the last serum experiments to the viscosity of vampiric blood. The heart alone cannot generate the pressure necessary to force the serum into the capillaries. This can. We'll be ready to test on a new subject in a few days. 
 
 [Chuckles] No. You will test it tomorrow, on me. I must let you get back to your lab and ensure your calculations are correct. Tomorrow, van Helsing. Tomorrow. I thought I told you specifically to keep this to yourself! I had no choice. General Shaw is a traitor. You know, I admire your patriotism, Harker. If anyone should even suspect that I had anything to do with this... They won't. I was very discreet. It was a friend of a friend of an old contact at  The Times. The story will never come back to me, let alone you. You see that it doesn't. [Children laughing] You're certain it was Mr. Renfield? I got a good look at him. It was him, all right. Did he identify himself? No, sir, I saw him before. It was Grayson's man, the large, black gentleman. I saw him handing money to a woman called Vera Markham, heard him say Mr. Grayson would spare no expense to keep her identity secret. The Order thanks you for your service, Mr. Dewhurst. "Spare no expense." Find out about this Vera Markham and why Grayson might have reason to be paying her off. By legal means, sir? By any means necessary. [Whip snaps and horses whinny] What are you doing? Professor. Um... That will be all, Miss Murray. I no longer require your assistance. You're discharging me. That will be all. I conducted an experiment by adding this substance to human cheek cells, and the dead cells reanimated. That's not possible. No, I repeated the experiment, and the results were identical. Have a seat. Your mind is impossible to contain, Miss Murray. Unfortunately, enthusiasm does not always lend itself to accurate results. This substance you found is actually an inert medium containing a microscopic parasite I obtained in Sumatra. I would have observed living organisms. Normally, yes, but these creatures are too small to be observed, even with a microscope. No, I-I don't see how... So you see, my dear, what you call "reanimation" is nothing more than the effect of cells being attacked by thousands of voracious parasites. [Chuckles] I apologize. The truth is, my mother died when I was very young. I'm sorry. Cancer of the stomach. You wish to cure cancer? No. I wish to cure death. [Chuckles] So you've read Dr. Freud's latest papers and his theory on a phenomena he calls "projection." By which objective observation is distorted... By subjective desire, yes. I am sorry I wasted your time. [Door opens] The allegations still need to be proven in court. The gutter press have already handed down their verdict. Shaw is useless to us now. Davenport already has a lead on the source of the story. No doubt the American is behind this slander. He had the most to gain. Well, speaking of whom, it appears he will be attending your shareholders' meeting. So much for flushing out the beast. Perhaps you should leave the vampire hunting to me. There is ample time for him to send his regrets. Huntsman... Much as I have long tolerated your extracurricular activities, if you are involved with Grayson and he proves to be a vampire, you will not only face the full wrath of the Brotherhood, but mine as well. Drive. Walk on. [Horse whinnies] [Laughing] I'm winning. Oh, are you, now? Yes. Shall we wager? It is a race, then. [Laughs] I think we might tie. [Both laughing] Lord Davenport. Ah, the soon-to-be Mr. and Mrs. Harker. [Merry-Go-Round music playing] ♪ [Music stops] What on earth are you doing here? Radiant as ever, Miss Murray, the portrait of the blushing bride. Uh, Mr. Harker, could I have a word? Of course. I'll be right back. You know, I've always found it queer that Alexander Grayson hired you. I mean, what need does an American entrepreneur have for a rapacious journalist? Given the recent libel of General Shaw, I appear to have the answer. Look, Grayson isn't involved, and even if he was, it isn't libel if the charges are true. I didn't know you had such a remarkable penchant for ruining the lives of innocent men. What makes you so sure that you are immune from the same fate? Only one ticket, I'm afraid. Enjoy the show. A lady to see you, ma'am, a stranger. Well, ask her to come in. The doctor came at the same time, sir. Did he go straight into my room? Yes, sir. How do you do, Nora? How do you do? You don't recognize me, I suppose. No, I don't know. Yes. To be sure, I seem to. Christine, is it really you? Yes, it is I. These are General Shaw's personal accounts. It's all there, sole shareholder, Empire Munitions. She's not a bookkeeper. She's an actress. - I've altered. You have altered. Yes, indeed. Nine, ten long years... ___ Well, isn't this handsome? It's an ivory satin-draped bodice Wita Broad yoke and a gored skirt, trimmed with the lilies of the valley. I prefer a train. They're so regal. A seamstress could make the additions. Mm. Truly, Mina, one should at least pretend to derive pleasure from the planning of one's own wedding, if only for appearances' sake. I do. It's just... I think I'm being deceived. By whom? Professor van Helsing. What would he gain from lying to you? I don't know. I suppose I haven't been a beacon of honesty myself. This substance that I've been working with has some astounding properties, characteristics that could revolutionize medicine. Why would anybody want to conceal such an incredible discovery? Perhaps he doesn't want to, but that he feels that he should. Speaking of such notions is taboo. I'm sorry. All this talk of science and research and cures... You must find it all intolerably dull. Not when you're speaking of it. [Laughs] You're kind to humor me. It's not kindness, Mina, but love. [Laughing] Lucy. I love you, Mina. I love you. We're dear friends. We're sisters, even. We could be so much more. It's a natural part of our maturation. I broke things off with Alastair, did I tell you? Mother begged to know the reason. She would have flogged it out of me if she could, but I couldn't tell her... wouldn't tell her. The reason I did it was you. [Sighs] I've always loved you, mina. Lucy. I didn't realize it till now, but I now know that I always have. So every time that we've danced and dressed and cried and slept together... Is that why you wanted my Jonathan? Not to protect me, but for your own gain? No, Mina, it's not like that. Has our whole friendship been a pretense? Of course not. Um, you need to leave. But, Mina... Please, Lucy. The electrical current will start the heart, and the heart... your heart will beat. Your natural blood pressure will not be sufficient to fully distribute the solar serum through the small capillaries and infuse the tissue, as you might recall from our last efforts. I don't think I'll ever forget our last effort. This apparatus will augment your blood pressure and infuse the tissues. You will experience some... Discomfort. The pressure must be immense to ensure complete saturation of the tissues. Are you sure you still want to do this, sir? If I don't do this, Renfield, all our efforts will have been in vain. We can't win if we don't go all in. We are ready. Ready. Now. [Groaning] Power off! Again. Again! Now! [Groaning] Enough. Quickly. [Grunts] [Yelling] [Shouting] Grayson's late. Grayson's finished. No sign of Mr. Grayson. How unfortunate for you. Might I recommend keeping it short, for once? We have no idea how long the serum will last. I've never been quite so motivated to be concise in all my life. Good afternoon, gentlemen. I intend on being brief, because nothing quite ruins a beautiful, sunny day like talks of profits and earning. Let us begin by looking at the financial condition of British Imperial. All very well talking this way, Mr. Grayson, but we've yet to see any profits. Lord Rothcroft, I understand your concerns. All I can say is that with absolute confidence that you can expect handsome profits at the end of this quarter and many more to come. Excuse me, gentlemen. Before I go, allow me to say this. Nothing speaks louder than success. British Imperial is and will continue to be a key partner in the development of energy technology that will drive the next century. [Applause] Mr. Grayson, you haven't quite answered all our questions. Given that Grayson energy is the sole customer of British Imperial coolant, its health is of tremendous import to us all. We're on track and budget to power all of London by the end of the fiscal year. We must go. Hold on, sir, we're nearly there. Hold on. [Yelling] [Shouting in Hungarian] [Screaming] [Shouting in Hungarian] [Indistinct chatter] Good night, Vera. Good night, Albert. [Door closes] [Wood creaking] [Breathing shakily] I did everything you asked. [Hissing] [Gasps] I won't tell anyone. [Gasps] [Groaning] 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 