Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x10 - Wicca Envy - Charmed 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x10 - Wicca Envy https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=21&t=4970 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/27/99 21:35 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x10 - Wicca Envy 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Written by: Brad Kern and Sheryl J. Anderson 
 Transcribed by: Shay Fitzpatrick 
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 [Scene: Manor. Foyer. Prue and Phoebe are carrying lots of shopping bags.] 
 Prue: I don't know Phoebe, the Betsey Johnson dress may be a bit too much for work. 
 Phoebe: That's what a new wardrobe's all about. Pushing the limit. 
 Prue: Yeah, and stretching the budget. Maybe I should just check with Piper. 
 (They hear Piper laughing and then Piper and Leo run in the foyer. Piper sees them.) 
 Piper: Oh my God, Prue. 
 (She freezes Leo, trips over his leg and slides across the floor and stops at Prue and Phoebe's feet. They help her up.) 
 Piper: I'm so embarrassed. 
 Phoebe: Of course, she may have other things on her mind like having her way with the handyman. 
 Piper: I thought you guys were supposed to be shopping. 
 Prue: Obviously. 
 (Phoebe notices Piper's shirt unbuttoned.) 
 Phoebe: Oh, look, front clasp bra. She means business. 
 Prue: Serious business. 
 Piper: Do you mind? 
 Phoebe: No, are you kidding? I think it's great. As long as he's not still on the clock. 
 Piper: That's what I mean. You guys have to get out of here before he unfreezes. I never know how long this things lasts. (Piper sees all the shopping bags.) How much did you guys spend? 
 Phoebe: Lots. Prue's new look is perfect for an SHW. 
 Prue: SHW? 
 Phoebe: Single Hot Witch. 
 Prue: Hmm. 
 Piper: Prue, are you sure this isn't depression buying, you know, post-breakup? 
 (Phoebe gets some red, sexy lingerie out of a bag.) 
 Phoebe: Does this look like something a depressed woman would wear? 
 Prue: (to Piper) Hmm, maybe you should borrow it. 
 Piper: Okay, time's up. You two gotta go. (She pushes them in the living room.) Go, go in there and be quiet. 
 Phoebe: We will if you will. 
 (Piper walks over to Leo and stands where she was standing. He unfreezes and they run up the stairs.) 
 [Scene: Manor. Prue's room. Kit's there. Prue walks in and unzips her sweater. Rex astral projects next to Prue. Kit growls and hisses at him.] 
 Prue: Kit, what is it? 
 Rex: You forgot to unpack your briefcase when you got home from work. You want to do it right now. (Prue walks over to her briefcase and unzips it. You see a tiara in there.) What you're about to pick up is a tiara but you really believe it's your date book. (The tiara is now a date book. She gets it out.) Now put it in your desk, just like you always do. (She puts it in the drawer.) Excellent. Now you want to continue getting ready for bed. (Prue takes off her shoes. Kit jumps up on the desk and hisses at Rex. Rex astral projects back in his body.) 
 [Cut to Rex's office.] 
 Hannah: Well? 
 Rex: Prue, did exactly what I told her. You know, I rather like this new power. 
 Hannah: Are you sure she didn't see you? 
 Rex: No, no, she didn't see me. I was invisible. 
 Hannah: But how did you get there? 
 Rex: I explained this to you, Hannah. It's called astral projection. With it I can transport myself psychically and implant a subliminal thought into Prue's brain. Just like I did when I tricked her into leaving the vault today with the tiara. See, I planted the thought and made her think she came out empty handed. 
 Hannah: I still don't understand how it works. 
 Rex: Watch. (He walks across the room and astral projects over to Hannah.) You want to disrobe for him... desperately. (He astral projects back in his body. Hannah stands up and unbuttons her jacket.) Understand now, Hannah? 
 Opening Credits 
 [Scene: Next morning. Manor. Prue's room. You see her try on all her clothes she bought the day before. She picks out an outfit and goes downstairs. Phoebe's at the bottom of the stairs wearing a suit.] 
 Phoebe: If you ran an Employment Agency, wouldn't you want me? 
 Prue: Maybe, but I'd definitely want my suit back. 
 Phoebe: No, this is part of your old wardrobe. I'm just recycling. 
 Prue: Well, the environment thanks you. 
 Phoebe: But, take it off, I know, I know. 
 (Piper comes down the stairs.) 
 Piper: Hi. Bye. 
 Prue: Piper, didn't you have to go in early this morning? 
 Piper: Right, that was the plan. I'm running a little late. Um, just took a little longer to get out of bed this morning than I planned. Okay, bye. 
 (She turns and heads for the door.) 
 Phoebe, Prue: Wait. 
 (They stand in Piper's way.) 
 Phoebe: Whoa, whoa, whoa. You, Leo, last night, dish. 
 Piper: Um, well, it was nice. It was... well, it was wonderful. We just had a few problems 
 Phoebe: Problems? 
 Prue: What problems? 
 Piper: Well, it's been a while since, you know, I-I was a little nervous, and I kinda kept freezing him. 
 Prue: Piper, you didn't? 
 Piper: I didn't mean to... the first time. 
 Phoebe: (making little noises) Ohh! 
 Prue: Okay, so, um, at what point exactly in the process exactly did you freeze him? 
 (Piper doesn't say a word.) 
 Phoebe: Hello? 
 Piper: I gotta go. (She walks around them and heads for the door.) 
 Prue: No, no Piper, we're only teasing you. 
 Phoebe: Yeah, the truth is we're just jealous. 
 Prue: Yeah, seriously, we're just happy to see you with a great guy finally. 
 Phoebe: I mean, between you and Leo, and Prue, the new Hot Wicca Woman, and me, soon to be employed, things are looking up. 
 Piper: Don't say that! The moment someone says that, everything always goes south. 
 Phoebe: Unless you freeze him. (Piper grabs her coat.) Oh, I couldn't help it. It was so good. 
 Prue: Okay, okay, come on, we're going, you're going to borrow the car. 
 (Leo comes down the stairs.) 
 Leo: Good morning. 
 Phoebe: Yeah, we heard. 
 (Piper laughs nervously. Prue and Phoebe grabs their coats.) 
 Prue: Ah, bye. 
 Phoebe: Yeah, have a magical day. 
 (They leave.) 
 Leo: Um, what does she mean by that? 
 Piper: Who knows. I'm late for work, bye. (She kisses him on the cheek. She goes to leave but Leo grabs her around the waist, pulls her back in and kisses her.) Bye. 
 Leo: Bye. 
 Commercial Break 
 [Scene: Bucklands. Prue and Phoebe walk in. There are cops everywhere.] 
 Prue: Hymie, hey. What's going on? What happened? 
 Hymie: We got robbed last night, Prue. 
 Prue: You're kidding? What was stolen? 
 Hymie: The Romanov Tiara. 
 Prue: Oh my God. Not the tiara. 
 (Rex comes up to them.) 
 Rex: Prue. 
 Prue: Rex, hi. Hymie just told me. 
 Rex: Yeah. Hello, Phoebe. Nice to see you again. 
 Phoebe: Hi, Rex. I'm sorry about what happened. 
 Rex: Yeah, me too. A loss of this magnitude could severely damage our reputation and who is gonna consign anything with us if... 
 Prue: No, no, no. We just have to get the tiara back before word gets out. 
 Rex: I agree. Will you take point on this then, you know, help the police? You're really the only one that I can trust. 
 Prue: Sure, but, what about you? 
 Rex: Unfortunately, I've got another commitment tonight, that I really can't get out of. It's, uh, some good friends who are giving a concert and, uh, well I promised I wouldn't miss it. 
 Phoebe: Oh, yeah, who? 
 Rex: The Verve. 
 Phoebe: Get out. Are you serious? 
 Rex: Why, you know them? 
 Phoebe: Know them? I worship them. Bittersweet Symphony is like the best song ever. 
 Rex: Really? I have an idea. Why not join me tonight? I'm sure I can rustle up another ticket. (Prue pulls a face to show she doesn't like the idea. Rex notices.) Well, you wouldn't mind, would you, Prue? 
 Prue: Of course not. Why would I mind? 
 Rex: Then it's a date. Well, figuratively speaking, of course. 
 Prue: Of course. 
 Rex: Yeah, um, pick you up at 7:00, all right? 
 Phoebe: Yeah, that sounds great, thanks... uh, oh, look at the time. I gotta get going. Hey, I promise I'll have the car back by noon. 
 Prue: Uh, huh. 
 Rex: Thanks for pitching in, Prue. 
 (Rex leaves. Andy walks around the corner.) 
 Andy: Prue. 
 Prue: Andy, uh, are you on this case? 
 Andy: Yep, guess fate keeps throwing us together. 
 (Hannah comes up to them.) 
 Hannah: You two know each other? Forgot. 
 Prue: No, you didn't. 
 Hannah: Well, I suggested that the Inspector speak with you since you were the last one to actually see the tiara. Um, if you need anything else, please don't hesitate to call. 
 (Morris arrives.) 
 Morris: We'd like to see the security tapes from the last night, as soon as possible. 
 Hannah: Oh, yeah. I'm sure Prue can arrange that. Excuse me. 
 (Hannah and Morris walks away.) 
 Prue: How are you? 
 Andy: Okay. It'd be better if you stopped by the station later on so we could talk about all this. 1:00? 
 Prue: Sure. 
 [Cut to Rex's office. Rex and Hannah are there.] 
 Hannah: I can't believe you're taking that little witch to the concert. That was my ticket. 
 Rex: Hannah, kitten. (He purrs.) You know I'm only doing it to upset Prue. All the better to frame her and force her sisters to relinquish their powers. 
 Hannah: How do you even know they even can? 
 Rex: They have a special spell in the Book Of Shadows. When the time comes they'll use it. Trust me. 
 [Scene: Police station. Prue's there. Andy's interviewing her.] 
 Andy: You said you put the tiara back in the vault before you left was anybody else there? 
 Prue: The security guard Hymie. 
 Andy: Did he lock up the vault? 
 Prue: No I did. 
 Andy: Ok, did you happen to taken anything out of the vault when you left? 
 Prue: No. Is this an interview or an interrogation? 
 Andy: I'm sorry. I'm just trying to get all the facts, that's all. 
 Morris: The problem is there were no signs of forced entry into the auction house or the vault. 
 Prue: So, do you think the one of the employees might have stolen it? 
 Morris: A strong possibility. 
 Prue: Someone like me? 
 Andy: No, don't be ridiculous. 
 Morris: Still, we have to check out everyone's story. Grand Larceny's big time could a person fifteen, twenty years easily. 
 Andy: I think we got enough for now, Prue. If we have any others questions. We'll give you a call. 
 Prue: Well, you know where reach me. 
 Andy: I think I still remember. (Prue leaves.) What was all that about? 
 Morris: You tell me. Last time you were ready to bust her for stealing a feather. Now you think she's Miss Innocent? 
 Andy: That was a whole different situation, completely unrelated. 
 Morris: Look, I'm not saying she did it alright. But you have to admit, a lot of the arrows are pointing in her direction. There's also this. Security tapes that Prue got hold of. One's missing. The one from the vault. 
 [Scene: Quake. At the bar. Piper's counting money from the cash register.] 
 Prue: You're glowing. 
 Piper: Hmm? 
 Prue: Your face, total afterglow. 
 Piper: It is not. It's just warm in here. 
 Prue: Mmm hmm. 
 Piper: So, How much was that tiara worth, anyway? 
 Prue: Well, I didn't get a chance to have it appraised we just got it in yesterday. But I would say well over a million dollars. 
 Piper: Wow. Do they have any idea who stole it? 
 Prue: Yeah, me. 
 Piper: Huh? 
 (Phoebe and Rex arrive.) 
 Phoebe: So, what's on the desert menu? 
 Piper: Hey, how was the concert? 
 Phoebe: The best. It was amazing. 
 Prue: Still recycling. I see. 
 Rex: Thanks for taking care of things tonight, Prue. I really appreciate it. 
 Phoebe: Mmm. Don't you just love that accent? 
 Rex: By the way, how'd it go with the police? 
 Prue: Uh, well, they think it's an inside job, actually. 
 Rex: Do they? How disturbing. 
 Phoebe: Okay, shop talk later. We're gonna grab a table, okay? 
 Piper: Take that one by the window. I'll send, uh, Cindy over. 
 Rex: Uh, you're welcome to join us, Prue. 
 Prue: No, thanks. I think I'll pass. 
 (Phoebe and Rex walk over to the table.) 
 Piper: She's a big girl, Prue. 
 Prue: Meaning? 
 Piper: He's rich, he's stable, he's handsome. You should be happy for her. 
 Prue: I'm thrilled. 
 Piper: Are you jealous? 
 Prue: No, no! More like territorial. Okay, I would just like to keep my work world separate from my home world, is that okay? 
 Piper: Good Luck. 
 [Scene: Manor. Living room. Prue and Piper are sitting on the couch. Piper's on the phone and Prue's reading the paper. Phoebe comes down the stairs.] 
 Phoebe: Good morning. Wow, roses. Who are they for? 
 Prue: Guess. 
 Piper: Leo, I need to call you back. Something's about to come up. I'll see you later, okay? Bye. 
 (Phoebe reads the card.) 
 Phoebe: “Phoebe, thank you for a lovely evening, the job is on its way. Rex.” 
 Phoebe: Oh, what a sweetheart. Wait, who opened the box? 
 Piper: I can't get over how beautiful these are, can you Prue? 
 Prue: So, it must have been quite a night, you know, after the concert. 
 Phoebe: Hmm. 
 Piper: I'll put these in some water. 
 (Piper goes to the kitchen.) 
 Phoebe: All I did was tell Rex that I was going to the employment agency. He said he'd make a few calls and help me out. So, what's the big problem? 
 Prue: Phoebe, really, it's none of my business. (The doorbell rings.) It's just, watch what you say to him, okay? Because there are certain things I don't want my boss to know about me? (Prue walks in the foyer and opens the door. Andy and Morris are standing there.) Andy, uh, what are you doing here? 
 Andy: We're here to search your house for the tiara, Prue. We've got a search warrant. 
 (He holds up the search warrant and walks inside.) 
 Commercial Break 
 [Scene: Prue's room. Everyone walks in.] 
 Phoebe: Wait, how can you guys even think that Prue stole the tiara? 
 Andy: We don't, Phoebe. Not necessarily. 
 (Andy and Morris start looking in drawers.) 
 Phoebe: Yeah, well, then what are you doing here? Spring cleaning? 
 Morris: Any idea where the vault security cam tape is? 
 Prue: I gave you the tapes. 
 Morris: Uh uh, not that one. 
 Andy: It wasn't there, Prue. 
 (Andy opens a drawer and Piper notices the tiara in there.) 
 Piper: Whoo! 
 (Piper freezes Morris and Andy.) 
 Prue: Why did you do that? 
 (Piper gets the tiara out of the drawer.) 
 Prue: That's why. 
 Prue: Uh, no no no. Wait. That is not possible. How did it get there? 
 Piper: I don't know but you better come up with an answer quick before they unfreeze. 
 Phoebe: Someone must have planted it there 
 Piper: Who? Somebody's been in our house? 
 (Rex astral projects in Prue's room.) 
 Prue: It doesn't matter. Just let them find it. I've nothing to hide. I'm innocent. 
 Phoebe: That doesn't look very innocent. Piper, hide it. 
 (Piper hides it under a pillow on the bed. Andy and Morris unfreeze.) 
 Rex: (to Andy)I think you should check under the pillows. 
 Andy: Morris, check under the pillows. 
 (Piper freezes them and gets the tiara.) 
 Piper: How did he know to look there? 
 Phoebe: Uh, put it in the dresser. He's already looked there. 
 (Piper puts it in the dresser. Morris and Andy unfreeze.) 
 Rex: (to Andy) You want to look in the dresser again. 
 (Andy walks over to the dresser. Piper freezes them again. Rex walks behind Piper.) 
 Rex: This is getting ridiculous! 
 Piper: This is getting ridiculous. 
 Prue: No, eerie is more like it. 
 (Phoebe gets the tiara out of the dresser.) 
 Phoebe: I will be right back. 
 (She walks out of the room.) 
 Piper: Don't worry. I'll just keep freezing them until they give up. 
 Rex: (to Piper) You're a miserable witch. 
 (Piper gets a funny look on her face.) 
 Prue: What's the matter? 
 Piper: I don't know. I feel like calling a shrink for some reason. 
 (Phoebe returns.) 
 Phoebe: Okay, I put it in the, uh... (Andy and Morris unfreeze.) (whispers to Prue) Attic. 
 (Rex disappears.) 
 Andy: Nothing. I think that's good enough for now, Morris. I'm sorry about all this, Prue. I really am. 
 Prue: Yeah, I know. 
 Morris: Come on, Trudeau. Let's go. 
 [Cut to Rex's office. He astral projects back in his body.] 
 Rex: Witches. 
 (He knocks something of his desk.) 
 Hannah: Well, did the police find the tiara? 
 Rex: No. Piper kept freezing them and then moving it. 
 Hannah: Well, how can we frame her if they can't even find the evidence. 
 Rex: Shh. We're gonna have to up the stakes. 
 [Scene: Manor. Living room. 
 Prue: Somebody is obviously trying to set me up, and they're using magic to do it. 
 Piper: But who? And how? 
 Phoebe: Pick a warlock. Any warlock. 
 (Leo walks in.) 
 Leo: Hey, uh, what were the police doing here? 
 Piper: Oh, nothing much, really. 
 Leo: Is it all right if I go upstairs and fix the bathroom sink? 
 Phoebe: Oh, knock yourself out, Leo. 
 (Leo leaves.) 
 Phoebe: Did anyone ever think that maybe he's a warlock? 
 Piper: Why is it always someone I'm dating that gets accused of being that? Don't answer that. (The phone rings.) Answer that. It's safer. 
 (Prue answers the phone.) 
 Prue: Hello? Uh, yeah, hi Rex. Look, I'm on my away in. Of course. Hold on. 
 Prue (to Phoebe) It's for you. 
 (Phoebe takes the phone off of Prue.) 
 Phoebe: Hello? Yes, I got the flowers. And they're beautiful. That was so sweet of you. They made quite an impression over here, too. A dinner party? Yes, I would love to. Hold on, let me get a pen. 
 (Phoebe walks out of the living room.) 
 Piper: So, what are you gonna do? 
 Prue: What can I do? My sister's dating my boss. I don't really have a... 
 Piper: I meant about who's setting you up. Do you have any idea who it could be? 
 Prue: It's got to be someone at the auction house. And if I had to guess, I would start with the person who said that they were out to destroy me. 
 Piper: Hannah? 
 Prue: Smart girl. 
 [Cut to the attic. Leo walks in. He puts his toolbox down and shuts the door. He holds out his hand and all the chests open. He walks over and looks in them. He uses his powers and they close. He then opens a drawer with his powers. He hears footsteps and quickly closes the drawer. Piper walks in.] 
 Piper: Leo, what are you doing? I thought you were going to fix the sink. 
 Leo: Yeah, I was, I-I mean, I am. I just, uh, I need to fix a light downstairs and I was hoping there'd be some old fixtures up here that I could cannibalize. Listen, uh, there's something I need to tell you. Something I don't think you're gonna like. Uh, I might have to leave here soon. I might have to go back home. 
 Piper: Is home far away? 
 Leo: Yeah, it's pretty far. I mean, I don't know for sure yet, but, uh, you know, I wanted you know, just in case. 
 Piper: Thanks. 
 Leo: Well, I, uh, better get to work. 
 (Leo kisses Piper on the cheek and he leaves. Piper notices a drawer open slightly, she walks over and sees that it's the one with the tiara hidden in it.) 
 [Scene: Rex's apartment. Phoebe rings the doorbell. Rex astral projects beside her.] 
 Rex: You will see a spectacular apartment. (He disappears. Rex opens the door.) Phoebe, I am so glad that you could make it. Please. 
 (Phoebe walks inside.) 
 Phoebe: Wow, this is... 
 Rex: Spectacular? 
 Phoebe: That is exactly the word I was going to use. 
 Rex: We must be on the same wavelength. Champagne? 
 Phoebe: Uh, no thank you. 
 Rex: No, I insist. 
 (Rex pours some champagne in two glasses.) 
 Phoebe: Um, Am I early? 
 Rex: No, you're right on time. 
 Phoebe: But I thought you said you were having a dinner party. 
 Rex: Yes, I am. With a very exclusive guest list. Just you and me. (Phoebe sits down on the couch.) A toast. To your interview. (He hands her the glass of champagne.) 
 Phoebe: Interview? 
 Rex: Yeah, at Zeitgeist magazine. They want to meet with you, you know, perhaps, um, hire you for the fashion section. Interested? 
 Phoebe: Very. But what's the catch? 
 Rex: You have to sleep with me. (Phoebe gets mad and she puts down her glass.) Phoebe, what sort of man do you think I am? (They laugh). Um, I hope you like sushi. Imported fresh from Kyoto. Please, 
 just make yourself comfortable. 
 (Rex walks into another room and astral projects next to Phoebe. Phoebe's holding a little mirror and is checking her make-up.) 
 Rex: You're having a premonition. Of Prue at work. (Phoebe has a premonition.) She's in danger. You fear the warlock's after her. You must save her. 
 (Rex astral projects back in his body.) 
 Phoebe: Prue. (Rex comes back in the room.) Uh, I, uh, I gotta go. I-I I'm really sorry and I 
 can't explain, but, uh, uh, I'll call you, okay? Sorry. Really sorry. 
 (She leaves. Rex clicks his fingers and the nice apartment turns into an empty and dark place. He gets out his cell phone and dials a number.) 
 Rex: 911? I'm calling from Bucklands Auction House. I think something's trying to kill me. Please hurry. 
 [Scene: Bucklands. Prue's walking down the hallway. Hymie comes up behind her.] 
 Hymie: Working late? (Prue gets a fright.) Sorry, didn't mean scare you. 
 Prue: It's okay, uh, I guess I'm just a little jumpy lately. 
 Hymie: Can't blame you with everything that's been going on. 
 Prue: Yeah, um, listen, Hymie, I was wondering. When the tiara was stolen, was anyone else still here? Like Hannah or-or-or Rex, maybe? 
 Hymie: No, you were the last one out. Just like tonight. Hardest working woman I've ever met. For what it's worth, Prue, I know you didn't take it. I mean, of all people, there's no way. 
 Prue: Thanks. (Hymie walks away.) Hannah's computer. (She walks in Hannah's office and sits at the desk. She types in Hannah's name and searches for it. It says 'no listing'. She types in Rex's name and 'no listing' comes up. Rex astral projects behind her.) 
 Rex: Someone's after you. Behind you. (Prue looks behind her.) You fear it's a warlock. With power greater than yours. 
 (Prue runs out of the office.) 
 [Cut to Hymie. He's in the warehouse.] 
 [Cut back to Prue. She presses the elevator button. Rex astral projects next to her.] 
 Rex: You hear a scream. An innocent to protect in the warehouse. 
 Prue: Hymie. 
 Rex: You're to grab the artifact just inside the door. 
 (She runs to the warehouse.) 
 [Cut to the warehouse. Hannah hits Hymie over the head with an artifact. He falls to the ground. She throws the security tape and the artifact that she's holding on the ground and walks away. Prue comes in and picks up the artifact. She sees Hymie.] 
 Prue: Hymie. Hymie. 
 (Phoebe runs in.) 
 Phoebe: Prue? 
 Prue: Phoebe. 
 Phoebe: Thank God you're all right. 
 Prue: He's dead. 
 Commercial Break 
 
 
 
 [Scene: Bucklands. Warehouse. Police are there.] 
 Morris: Tape found by the body. Security. Showing Prue exiting the vault, putting the missing tiara in her briefcase. 
 Prue: What? That can't be. 
 Morris: I just saw it for myself. 
 Prue (to Phoebe) Somebody must have manipulated me into taking it. 
 Phoebe: The same away someone manipulated me into being a witness against my own sister. 
 Morris (to Andy) Any idea what they're talking about? 
 Andy: Not a clue. 
 Prue: You were with Rex tonight, weren't you? 
 Phoebe: Yeah, Prue, but I don't think this is the time or place to get into that. 
 Prue: No, I just meant that don't you find it a little coincidental that right when you guys start dating, all this is going on? 
 Phoebe: No, I do not. And, besides, I thought you thought that Hannah was behind all this. 
 Prue: I do. 
 Morris: Excuse me. Ladies, do you mind if we ask a few questions? 
 Prue: I already told you what happened, okay? I-I-I was working late, I heard a noise, I came down and I found Hymie. 
 Andy: You didn't know he had the tape? 
 Prue: No, of course not. 
 Andy: And why exactly did you pick up the murder weapon again? 
 Phoebe: You think she killed him. Is that it, Andy? 
 Prue: Phoebe! 
 Phoebe: No, I want to know how far he's gonna go with this and none of this has anything to do with the fact that she dumped you, does it? 
 Prue: Stop that 
 Andy: Look, we got Prue standing over the dead body of the very security guard who last saw her with the tiara. 
 Morris: With the missing security tape showing her taking it. 
 Andy: And holding the murder weapon which you were there to witness. What are we supposed to think? 
 Prue: That I'm guilty as hell. 
 Phoebe: You know she didn't do this. 
 Morris: Then who did? Did you see anybody run past you on the way here? 
 Phoebe: No. 
 Andy: I'm sorry, Prue. Brian. 
 Brian: Yeah? 
 Andy: You're under arrest for suspicion of murder. 
 (Brian puts handcuffs on Prue.) 
 [Scene: Rex's apartment. Piper and Phoebe walk up to the door.] 
 Piper: We should hire a lawyer. 
 Phoebe: With what money? 
 Piper: I don't know but we can't let her sit in jail all night. 
 Phoebe: That's why we're here. To get Rex's help. 
 (Phoebe rings the bell and knocks on the door.) 
 Piper: What are you doing? 
 (Phoebe opens the door and sees the empty, dark apartment.) 
 Phoebe: This is so weird. 
 Piper: Are you sure this is the right place? 
 (Phoebe picks her lipstick off the floor.) 
 Phoebe: This is my lipstick, I'm positive. He couldn't have moved out that fast. It must have been an illusion, all of it. Even my premonition. 
 Piper: How is that possible? 
 Phoebe: Mind control, astral projection, throwing charms, who knows? Prue is right about Rex, which means, I'm dating a warlock. 
 Piper: Been there, done that. 
 [Scene: Police station. Prue's pacing in her jail cell and a guy in the cell next to her is making kissing noises. Prue uses her power and throws him up against the wall.] 
 [Cut to in the station.] 
 Morris: Hey. 
 Andy: Hey. 
 Morris: You wanna talk? 
 Andy: I'm just running background checks on all the other employees at the auction house. 
 Morris: That's not what I meant, Andy. 
 Andy: Andy? Did you just call me by my first name? I wasn't even sure you knew it. 
 Morris: I heard Prue say it. 
 Andy: She didn't do it, Morris. 
 Morris: You keep saying that. 
 Andy: It's too pat, too easy. The evidence just keeps falling in our laps. 
 Morris: Maybe her sister was right. Maybe your personal feelings are getting in the way. 
 Andy: We've had that conversation okay. 
 Morris: Okay. But you have to admit. You stopped seeing Prue for a reason, you thought she was hiding something from you. How do you know she wasn't hiding something like this? 
 Andy: A secret life of crime, I don't think so. 
 Morris: You got a better explanation? You wanna book her into county jail? 
 Andy: No, let's just keep her here for as long as we can. At least until the arraignment. 
 [Scene: Manor. Piper comes down the stairs holding the tiara.] 
 Phoebe: Piper, what are you doing? 
 Piper: Getting rid of the evidence. They can't bust Prue for murder if they don't have a motive. 
 Phoebe: Mouth, Leo's in the kitchen. 
 Piper: Oh, he is? Really? 
 Phoebe: Focus and think. The last thing we have to worry about is the legal system. We're up against a warlock now. 
 Piper: Two, if Prue's right about Hannah. 
 Phoebe: Exactly, which means we have to figure out what they want. It can't just be to frame Prue. 
 Piper: Unless is doing so, somehow they think they can't get her powers, which is what warlocks want. 
 Phoebe: Which means they're trying to divide us so that we don't have the power of three to stop them. 
 Piper: What are we gonna do? 
 Phoebe: We have no choice. (Phoebe hides the tiara in a closet. As she walks past the couch, you see Rex has astral projected into their house and is sitting on the couch.) Let's go. 
 Piper: Go? Go where? Phoebe? 
 Phoebe: Piper, it's gonna be all right. 
 [Cut to the police station. Piper and Phoebe are around the back.] 
 Piper: This is crazy. 
 Phoebe: We have to get Prue out before Rex makes his move on us. 
 Piper: But we can't break her out. 
 Phoebe: Yes, we can. We're witches. All you have to do is freeze the guards and then unlock Prue's cell. 
 Piper: Me? What about you? 
 Phoebe: Somebody's gotta to stay out here in case something goes wrong. Ready? On three. 
 Piper: No Phoebe. 
 Phoebe: Three. 
 (Phoebe opens the door and you see a guard standing there. Piper freezes him. 
 Piper: Aaah. 
 (Piper walks inside and Phoebe closes the door.) 
 Phoebe: Totally cool power. I hate you. 
 [Cut to inside. Piper gets the keys from a frozen guard.] 
 Prue: What are you doing? (Piper unlocks the gate and walks over to Prue's cell.) Are you out of your mind? 
 Piper: Just so we're clear. This was Phoebe's idea. 
 (Piper unlocks Prue's cell.) 
 Prue: What? 
 Piper: We think Rex is a warlock and he's after our powers. Phoebe's waiting outside for you to rub her nose in it. (Prue stands there.) Well, come on, Prue. Before they unfreeze. 
 Prue: Piper this isn't right. 
 Piper: Well, neither is the gas chamber. Look if we're lucky we'll vanquish them and still get you back here by morning rounds. (Prue puts pillows under the blankets on the bed to make it look like she's still there.) That's pretty lame. 
 Prue: Well, you got a better idea? 
 Piper: No. 
 Prue: Let's go. 
 (Prue walks out of the cell and closes the cell door. They walk past a guard holding a donut. Prue takes it.) 
 Piper: Don't touch him. Don't touch him. Don't. 
 Prue: Come on. (They run outside.) Come on. 
 (They start running and you see a camera flash. Rex has taken a picture.) 
 Rex: Quite photogenic. Now I should think the police will find this very interesting, to say the least. 
 Prue: Rex. 
 Phoebe: Wait, how did you know that we... 
 Rex: What, that you'd be here? Well, let's just say that I've been watching your every move. Without you knowing it, of course. 
 Prue: You b*st*rd. 
 Rex: Don't get too angry, Prue. You wouldn't want to injure me with your power. I'm the only chance you have. While you were here, conducting your little prison break, Hannah was retrieving the tiara from your home. You should have gotten to rid it while you had the chance. Personally, I actually thought that was an excellent idea. 
 Phoebe: Astral projection. 
 Prue: What do you want? 
 Rex: Your powers, of course. That's why I hired you in the first place, you know, to see if you really were the charmed ones. Then I waited to test your strength, see how best to make my move, and here we are. 
 Phoebe: But why all the drama? Why didn't you just kill us and take our powers? 
 Piper: Don't give him any ideas. 
 Rex: No no no. I have seen exactly what you can do when you're been confronted directly. That's why I opted for blackmail. See, there is a special spell in the book of shadows that strips you of your powers forever. (He shows them the device that looks like a lantern.) And this device will capture those powers. Then you'll bring them to me. 
 Prue: Go to hell. 
 Rex: Yeah, I'd love to, darling. I miss it terribly. And this will help me return with honors. In return, I'll give you the photo and tell the police I simply misplaced the tiara. No theft, no motive for murder, no prison. You really don't have much time. Just until the prisons guards realize you've escaped. Well? 
 Commercial Break 
 [Scene: Manor. Living room. They have the Book Of Shadows opened up to the spell.] 
 Piper: It's a Relinquishment spell. If we read it aloud, it takes away all of our powers. 
 Phoebe: Is there any way to reverse it? 
 Piper: I don't know. It doesn't say. 
 Phoebe: Well, then I say we flip to another page and find a spell that kicks Rex's warlock ass. 
 Prue: We can't. 
 Phoebe: Why can't we? 
 Prue: Because for all we know he's here, right now, watching us. And if we don't do exactly as he says, he'll tell to police I've escaped. 
 Phoebe: But we can't give up our powers without a fight. It's like giving up who we are, who we've become. 
 Piper: Who we've come from. 
 Phoebe: Exactly. These powers are gifts. Gifts that were given to us to protect and ultimately to pass on to the next generation. 
 Prue: Don't you think that I know that? I mean, how do you think I feel, Phoebe? I'm the one who got us into this situation. 
 Piper: Prue, it's not your fault. 
 Phoebe: It's not. 
 Prue: Yeah, but I'm the one that the Rex tricked. I'm the reason why we're having this conversation. 
 Phoebe: There has gotta to be a way out of this. 
 Piper: Like what? Become fugitives? Something tells me that's not the best way to go about protecting the innocent. 
 Phoebe: Yeah, well, we can't protect the innocent without our powers. And, even worse, if we give them up, we'd be giving them up to evil. 
 Prue: No, we can't let that happen. 
 Piper: Well, we can't let you die in jail, either. Besides, with you behind bars, we'll be divided. Rex wins either way. 
 Phoebe: I don't wanna have to do this. 
 Piper: Neither do I, but we don't have a choice. All we can do is take the leap of faith and hope that somehow it all works out. 
 (You see Leo listening from the other room.) 
 [Cut to the attic. Prue, Piper and Phoebe are sitting around a table with the book in the middle.] 
 Prue: “From whence they came, return them now, vanish the words, vanish our powers.” 
 Piper: “From whence they came, return them now, vanish the words, vanish our powers.” (Phoebe hesitates.) Come on, Phoebe. 
 Phoebe: Okay. “From whence they came, return them now, vanish the words, vanish our powers.” 
 (You hear a chime and it gets really windy. All the words out of the Book disappear into the device.) 
 Phoebe: (Phoebe flips through the Book. The pages are blank.) Look. It was fun while it lasted. 
 Piper: Yep. 
 Prue: Let's get this over with. 
 [Scene: Bucklands. Rex's office. Rex and Hannah are there.] 
 Rex: They're coming. 
 Hannah: Good. 
 (Hannah gets on the floor and she turns into a panther.) 
 Rex: Love you too, darling. 
 [Scene: Police station. Andy's on the computer. He types in Hannah's name and the photo that shows up is an African-American woman.] 
 Andy: Why Hannah, you've changed. Dead 8/20/98. (He types in Rex's name. An elderly man shows up.) Died 8/20/98. (He picks up the phone and calls Morris.) Mr. Morris, Trudeau. Get your butt over here, I think I figured out who framed Prue. 
 [Cut to Bucklands. Prue, Piper and Phoebe walk out of the elevator.] 
 Phoebe: Ok, I say as soon as we get the photo and the tiara back, we knock the lantern out of Rex's hands and stomp on it. 
 Prue: What will that do? 
 Phoebe: I don't know. Free our powers? It's better than doing anything. 
 Piper: How do we know this isn't just a trap? 
 (Rex comes out of his office.) 
 Rex: You don't, actually. Nevertheless, here you are. Powerless, I presume. 
 Prue: Where's Hannah? 
 Rex: Lurking. That's what she does best. The lantern, if you please. (Prue hands him the lantern.) It all feels a little anticlimactic, don't you think? Too easy, almost. It feels as if we need a more satisfying ending. 
 (Hannah comes out of the office as a panther.) 
 Phoebe: Oh, oh. 
 [Cut to the attic. Leo walks in and goes over to the Book Of Shadows. He holds his hands above it, light comes out of them and all the writing appears back on the pages.] 
 [Cut back to Bucklands. Their power starts floating out of the lantern.] 
 Rex: No. Hannah, now. Quickly. 
 (The panther jumps up in the air towards Prue, Piper and Phoebe and Piper freezes it.) 
 Phoebe: Wait. We have our powers back? 
 Piper: How? 
 Prue: Doesn't matter. Get outta here. Fast. 
 (They get out of the way and Prue moves Rex underneath Hannah. Hannah unfreezes and lands on Rex and starts attacking him. Hannah turns back into a human.) 
 Hannah: Rex, no. (to Prue, Piper and Phoebe.) What have you done? (Rex and Hannah start disappearing.) Wait, it wasn't my fault. I didn't fail. He did. No, please, no. (They burn and disappear.) 
 Piper: What the hell was that? 
 Phoebe: I think you just answered your own question. 
 Prue: Okay, we gotta get me back to jail now. Let's go. 
 Commercial Break 
 [Scene: Police station. Andy and Morris are at the jail cells.] 
 Andy: (to the guard) Prue Halliwell. (The guard opens the cell.) Thanks. (They walk over to Prue.) Prue? 
 (Prue's asleep in the bed. She wakes up.) 
 Prue: Andy? What is it? What's going on? 
 Andy: Just thought you'd like to know you're off the hook. 
 Morris: Turns out you were right. Rex and Hannah were setting you up, or whoever they were. 
 Prue: I don't understand. 
 Andy: Well, we think they killed two people, assumed their identities, and took over the auction house. Then they bilked it dry and tried to cap it off with stealing the tiara. 
 Morris: Which we found hidden in his office. 
 Prue: Wow, did you catch them? 
 Andy: Not yet. I don't suppose you have any idea what this was doing in his office, do you? 
 (Andy shows her the photo that Rex took.) 
 Prue: Quite photogenic. 
 Andy: Isn't it? 
 [Scene: Manor. Attic. Prue, Piper and Phoebe are looking through the Book Of Shadows.] 
 Piper: Spells, incantations, demons stuff. It's all here. Everything just like before. 
 Phoebe: Thank God. 
 Prue: But how? I mean, we certainly didn't reverse the spell. 
 Phoebe: Maybe we screwed it up. Prue and Piper look at her.) What? It's not like it would be the first time. 
 Prue: No, we didn't screw it up. Something or someone must have done it. It couldn't happened on its own. 
 Piper: Why not? It's magic. 
 (Leo enters the attic.) 
 Leo: Knock knock. 
 Piper: Leo. 
 Leo: The front door was open. I hope it's all right. I left my tool box. 
 Piper: That's funny. I don't remember that being there last night. 
 Leo: Yeah, well, you know what Freud always said about leaving things. 
 Piper: That you secretly wanted to come back for it. 
 Leo: Guilty. 
 Prue: Oh, don't use that word. 
 Phoebe: Uh, it's a long story. Never mind. 
 (Phoebe and Prue walks away.) 
 Piper: Leo, you're leaving, aren't you? 
 Leo: Yeah, afraid so. 
 Piper: Do you really have to go? 
 Leo: Well, I've fixed everything I came here to fix. But I'll be back. Promise. (Leo kisses Piper and Prue and Phoebe watch.) Nothing can keep me away from you too long. 
 (Leo grabs his toolbox and leaves.) 
 Piper: Well, at least he wasn't a warlock. 
 Phoebe: Hey, you don't suppose Leo was the, uh... (Prue rips the relinquishment spell out of the Book.) What are you doing? 
 Prue: Just getting rid the Relinquishment spell. Now we've got our powers back I certainly I don't want to risk losing them again. 
 Piper: I second that. 
 Phoebe: Third. 
 Prue: So, witches forever? 
 Phoebe: And Damn proud of it. 
 (Piper lights a match and burns the page.) 
 End 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 