Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x18 - When Bad Warlocks Go Good - Charmed 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x18 - When Bad Warlocks Go Good https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=21&t=4962 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/12/99 21:02 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x18 - When Bad Warlocks Go Good 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Written By: Edith Swensen 
 Transcribed By: Shay Fitzpatrick 
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 [Scene: Church. Brendan and a priest are there.] 
 Brendan: I wake up at night, my heart pounding, a voice whispering in my head your a fraud, you can't fool God. 
 Priest: These are not new fears, Brendan. I've watched you grow, wept for you, rejoiced in you, you are not a fraud. I know your heart. 
 Brendan: You don't know my family, father. Generations of evil. Evil that's in my blood. 
 Priest: The blood of the sacrament washes it clean. 
 Greg: Hello, Brendan. 
 Paul: Long time no see. 
 Brendan: How'd you find me? 
 Greg: Yeah, good to see you too. Didn't mean to interrupt your conversation. We'll wait outside for you so we can have a family reunion. 
 [Scene: Outside the church. Prue, Phoebe and Piper are getting stuff out of the van.] 
 Prue: Hey, you know what? The next time the Quake does a food pantry why don't you call some guys. 
 Piper: Yeah, I'll just go through my handy guy rolodex. 
 Phoebe: Which I believe now stops a 'J' for Josh or is it 'B' for boyfriend. 
 Piper: I don't wanna talk about it. 
 Phoebe: Why not Piper? You know you like him and he calls you all the time. Why don't you just go out with him? 
 Piper: I told you because I'm too busy with work and my instincts are telling me to lay low. 
 Prue: Always trust your instincts. 
 Phoebe: Who's side are you on? 
 (They see some nuns.) 
 Piper: Now they have the right idea. 
 Phoebe: Who, the nuns? 
 Piper: Yep, nice safe environment. 
 Phoebe: Yeah, if you like monks. 
 Piper: Stress free, no need to worry about guys, no wardrobe. 
 Phoebe: No wardrobe? Okay, now you're scaring me. 
 Piper: Um, whose pen is this? 
 Prue: Oh, it's uh, Brendan's I think, you know the cute guy that signed for the food, remember? 
 Phoebe: I remember him, yes. 
 Piper: Good, then you can take it to him. I think he's in the church office. 
 Phoebe: Okay, just don't go taking any vows while I'm gone, alright? (Piper hands Phoebe the pen and Phoebe has a premonition.) Oh, oh, cute guy, I just saw him being attacked by a warlock. I think it was here somewhere. 
 Prue: Alright, let's split up. 
 [Cut to inside the church. Brendan and his brothers are there.] 
 Greg: Give it up little brother. You're praying to the wrong deity. Aren't you Brendan. I mean after all, we can't deny who we are. 
 Brendan: You don't scare me Greg. 
 Greg: Sure I do. (He turns into a warlock.) We've come a long way to find you. We're not leaving until you join us. 
 Paul: Please Brendan, we don't want to hurt you. 
 (Greg hits Brendan and he falls to the floor.) 
 Greg: Did you really think the church could save you? 
 (Greg picks up Brendan up off the floor. He goes to hit him again but Prue enters the church.) 
 Prue: Hey! (She uses her powers and Greg flies across the room.) Piper! Phoebe! 
 Greg: We'll come back for you. (They run off.) 
 Phoebe: Prue? 
 Prue: You guys over here! (to Brendan) Are you alright? 
 Brendan: Yeah, thanks. (He runs off.) 
 Prue: Wait, where ...? 
 Piper: Hey! 
 Phoebe: What happened? 
 Prue: I don't know, but uh, I'm gonna go find out. 
 Opening Credits 
 [Scene: In a room. Brendan's brothers are there. One brother is staring at a lizard.] 
 Paul: Amazing reflex's. Check it out. 
 Greg: Should've kept a closer watch on Brendan all these years. Shouldn't of left him alone. 
 Paul: Seriously, you gotta see this, watch. 
 Greg: I'm sick and tired of you and this freakin' lizard. 
 Paul: Yeah? Too bad. (Greg goes to hit him.) No! I'm sorry, okay. Just stay away from my pet, that's all I ask. Maybe we should let Brendan go. I mean we don't really need him. It's not like we don't already have our powers. 
 Greg: Without his powers we can't complete our triangle, the whole prophecy of the royal coven. He must accept his heritage. He must be initiated as a warlock. 
 Paul: Initiated how? We can't force him to kill an innocent.  
 Greg: Well, maybe not, but we can store his inner nature. The part he thinks is suppressed. Make him wanna kill. 
 Paul: By tomorrow? Not a chance. Once he's been ordained, he's safe. He can never become a warlock. 
 Greg: In which case, we will have to kill him. 
 [Scene: Halliwell house. The phone rings.] 
 Phoebe: Hello? Oh, hello Josh, how are you? 
 Piper: I won't call him back. 
 Phoebe: Yeah, she's right here, hold on a second. Oops. 
 Piper: You're doomed. (She takes the phone.) Hello. No, it's alright I'm always up this early. What's that? My horoscope said that? Oh well, that's a shame 'cause I have to work Friday night. Yep, Saturday too. 
 Phoebe: (to Prue) Okay, I have to go change the cat litter. 
 Prue: Phoebe. 
 Phoebe: What? What is the problem? She likes him, he likes her. 
 Prue: The problem is it's none of our business. 
 Piper: I, I've got to go now, but thanks for calling though. Yeah, well, I gotta go to work. I'll be there all day and all night. Yep, gotta go, bye. 
 Phoebe: Okay, you know what? It's your life, if you wanna be a nun, God speed. 
 Piper: Thank you. Now back to our warlock crisis. Why do we think they're after, what's his name again? 
 Prue: Brendan, and I don't know, I couldn't find him. But I've seen him at the church before and I'm hoping that the parish priest can help. 
 Piper: Yeah, well, you better hope Brendan doesn't tell anybody about your powers or else we got bigger problems than just warlocks. 
 Prue: Yeah, but I don't think he will. There's something in his eyes, I don't know, it seemed like he wasn't surprised by it. Alright, um, I've gotta go. I'll call you guys if I find out anything. 
 Piper: Do you want us to go with you? 
 Prue: You have to work remember. (She leaves. The phone rings and Phoebe gets up to answer it.) 
 Piper: Don't you dare answer that. Sit down. 
 [Scene: Church.] 
 Prue: Excuse me. 
 Priest: Yes. 
 Prue: Father Austin? 
 Priest: Yes. 
 Prue: Hi. I'm Prue Halliwell. My sister helped co-ordinate the food for last night. 
 Priest: Piper. Of course. I'm very grateful to her, it was a wonderful evening. Except for what happened in here. 
 Prue: Actually, that's why I'm here. Do you know someone named Brendan, i think he was one of the volunteers? 
 Priest: I know Brendan very well. You don't think he had anything to do with this? 
 Prue: No. No, no, no, no. Um, but I did see two other men trying to hurt him. I mean he's fine, he got away alright but I don't think they're gonna stop trying. 
 Priest: He always said they'd come. 
 Prue: Excuse me? 
 Priest: It's just something I know Brendan's been wrestling his whole life. 
 Prue: Do you know where I might be able to help him? 
 Priest: You? How? 
 Prue: I can't really tell you that father, I'm sorry. It's kind of personal, I just have to ask you to trust me. 
 [Scene: Quake.] 
 Phoebe: So the lunch rush is almost over and you're closed till dinner right? 
 Piper: Yeah, why? 
 Phoebe: Just curious. Have you heard from Prue yet? 
 Piper: No, not yet. (Phoebe stares at her.) What? Why are you staring at me? 
 Phoebe: Because I'm worried about you that's why. 
 Piper: Oh, Phoebe don't start. 
 Phoebe: No, Piper something's up. You're turning down dates with a guy that you like, extolling the virtues of convent living, you've been working double shifts three times a week, this is not the Piper I know and I'm worried. 
 Piper: Don't be. Everything is fine. 
 (Josh walks up behind them.) 
 Josh: I would like a glass of Clara Jenson please. Ninety three if you got it. 
 Piper: Josh. 
 Josh: Good start. You recognized me. 
 Piper: What are you doing here? (quietly to Phoebe) Phoebe! 
 Phoebe: (quietly) What? 
 Piper: This is such a surprise. 
 Josh: Well, I tell ya, I'm gonna cut right to the chase here. You wanna get all hot and sweaty with me? I'm kidding, kidding. I'm on my way to the gym and thought since I can't buy you dinner, we could um, work out together. 
 Piper: I'll be right back. 
 Phoebe: Uh, so will I. 
 Piper: I'm gonna kill you. 
 Phoebe: Why? A little exercise, a nice steam, a trip to the juice bar, what could it hurt? 
 Piper: My job. I'm at work. I can't just up and leave. 
 Phoebe: Okay, well, I could baby-sit for you while you're gone. 
 Piper: The restaurant? I don't think so. 
 Phoebe: What, it's not like anything's gonna happen. You said it yourself, you're closed until dinner. Come on, it is just a work out. The worst case scenario, you're in better shape by the time you check into the nunnery. 
 Piper: Okay, fine. But only if it will get you to shut up. 
 Phoebe: It will. 
 Piper: Good. 
 Phoebe: Fine. (She gives Josh the thumbs up sign.) 
 Josh: Thank you. 
 Phoebe: You're welcome. 
 Commercial Break 
 [Scene: Stables. Brendan is there with a little girl.] 
 Brendan: Are you sure you've never ridden a horse before? 
 Little girl: I've never even seen a horse before. Except on television. 
 Brendan: Well, you're a natural at it. Keep your grades up and maybe you could come riding 
 again. 
 Little girl: Promise? (He nods.) Ah, a spider! Kill it. 
 Brendan: Oh, no. He's just trying to find his way home that's all. Besides, all life's precious to God you know. (Prue walks up behind them.) Here, don't be afraid. Trust me. (He puts the spider in her hands.) There you go. (He sees Prue.) Ah, why don't you take him in the stables and set him free. (She leaves.) 
 Prue: You're braver than me. 
 Brendan: How'd you find me? 
 Prue: Father Austin told me you would be here. We need to talk. 
 Brendan: Look, uh ... 
 Prue: Prue. 
 Brendan: Prue. If you're worried about me telling anyone about your secret, you don't have to. It's safe with me. 
 Prue: Yeah, well, that's good to know but why? I mean most people would be pretty freaked out if they saw what you saw. 
 Brendan: I'm not like most people. 
 Prue: Yes, I know. Most people aren't attacked by warlocks. 
 Brendan: I don't wanna talk about that. (He gets on his horse.) 
 Prue: Okay. Ah, hi, just can I borrow this for a minute. (She gets on a horse.) 
 Man: Sure, go ahead. 
 (They gallop off. Prue gallops past Brendan.) 
 Brendan: Hey, wait up. (They slow down.) If you keep your grades up maybe you can come riding again too. 
 Prue: Oh, you promise? 
 Brendan: Who are you anyway? 
 Prue: Oh, well, that's not fair, I asked you first. 
 Brendan: I'm not quite sure I know the answer to that I'm afraid. 
 Prue: Well, as far as I can see you're too good to be true, I mean church volunteer, great with kids, loves horses, spiders. 
 Brendan: Not all spiders. Hate black widows. 
 Prue: That's a good thing. 
 Brendan: What? 
 Prue: Brendan, you're in danger, serious danger. 
 Brendan: I know. 
 Prue: What, how do you know? I can help you. 
 Brendan: No you can't. You're lucky they didn't hurt you, they could of killed you last night. 
 Prue: Who could of? Who are they? 
 Brendan: It doesn't matter. After tomorrow I'll be safe from them forever. 
 Prue: What happens tomorrow? 
 Brendan: I become a priest. 
 [Scene: Rock climbing place. Piper is half way up the wall.] 
 Piper: (Angrily to herself) A little sweat, a nice steam, trip to the juice bar. I will kill you Phoebe. (Josh comes down the wall and stops where Piper is.) 
 Josh: How ya doin'? 
 Piper: (Does a fake laugh) Great. Never better. 
 Josh: You're lookin' great. Come on, I can't believe you've never done this before. 
 Piper: Yeah, well, believe it. 
 Josh: You want me to keep you company on the way up? 
 Piper: Oh no, I'll meet you, I'll meet you down there. 
 Josh: Alright, I'll see you in a few. 
 (He goes down the wall. Piper starts to climb the wall again but slips and falls but Josh catches her before she hits the ground.) 
 Piper: Wow, talk about falling for a guy. (He puts her down and she freezes him. She gets out her phone and calls Phoebe.) I can't believe I said that. 
 Phoebe: Hello, Quake. 
 (You see the sink overflowing and water is everywhere.) 
 Piper: Phoebe. 
 Pheobe: Hey, Piper, how's is going? 
 Piper: Bad, real bad. 
 Phoebe: Uh, really? Why? 
 Piper: You wanna know why? I'll tell you why. Because we shared the look. 
 (You see Phoebe trying to stop the water from squirting out of the tap.) 
 Phoebe: The look? 
 Piper: You know, the look that proceeds the kiss. You look at each other the same time, you smile at each other the same time. 
 Phoebe: Well, that's great. I knew you'd have a good time. 
 Piper: No, Phoebe, this is exactly what I did not want to happen. Is that water I hear running? 
 Phoebe: Uh, water? I don't know, maybe just a little. Hey, you know, just out of curiosity, if you were the water shut off valve, where would you be? 
 (Piper hangs up and Josh unfreezes.) 
 Josh: Hey, uh, where'd you get the phone? 
 Piper: Uh, Phoebe just called, there's an emergency at the restaurant. I gotta go. (She kisses him on the cheek.) Um, I had a really great time, thanks. 
 Josh: You're welcome. 
 [Scene: Church. Father Austin is on the floor and is badly hurt. A warlock is next to him. Prue enters the church and sees what has happened. The warlock sees Prue and turns back into a human. It's Brendan.] 
 Brendan: Prue. (He runs off. Two nuns see what's happened.) 
 Nun: Dear God. 
 Prue: Call 911. Hurry. (She runs after Brendan.) 
 [Cut to outside. Prue trips Brendan by using her powers.] 
 Brendan: Prue, wait. You don't understand. 
 Prue: Don't I? 
 Brendan: I didn't hurt father Austin. I found him like that, I swear. 
 Prue: Before of after you turned into a warlock? 
 Brendan: After. When I saw what they did to him I was crazed. The rage turned me into a warlock. Look, don't believe me I don't care. Just at least let me call the paramedics, please. Don't let him die. I'm begging you. 
 Prue: They've already been called. 
 Brendan: Thank you. 
 Prue: Do you actually expect me to believe that you're a good warlock? 
 Brendan: No. There's no such thing. I can explain it to you if you let me. I can make you understand. I won't hurt you. I need your help. 
 Prue: For what? 
 Brendan: To stop the other warlocks. To stop my brothers. 
 Commercial Break 
 [Scene: Outside church. The paramedics are putting Father Austin in the ambulance. Andy and Morris are there.] 
 Morris: I got an eye witness. A nun. Saw someone she ID'd as Brendan Rowe. Apparently Mr. Rowe lives in the rectory. You alright? 
 Andy: No, I'm not. Father Austin's my priest. He gave me my first communion. What kind of animal would do this? 
 Morris: You wanna follow him to the hospital? 
 Andy: No. I wanna catch the scum that did this to him. 
 [Scene: Quake. Piper gives the man that fixed the water a cheque.] 
 Piper: (to a man) Thank you. 
 Man: Thank you. 
 Piper: (to Phoebe) You should of called me. 
 Phoebe: I know, I know. But you had a good time, right? 
 Piper: Unfortunately. 
 Phoebe: Do you confuse yourself when you do that? 
 Piper: I just, I don't know Phoebe, it seems like every guy I've liked lately has been a warlock, a ghost, or otherwise unavailable like Leo. I was just trying to save myself some grief with Josh. 
 Phoebe: But Josh is available, and human too ... I think. 
 Piper: I just don't want to be disappointed again. I'm tired of falling for the wrong guy, human or supernatural. 
 Phoebe: Well, I am sorry. If I had of known that you wanted to take a dating hiatus, I wouldn't of pushed so hard. Are you mad at me? 
 Piper: No, I'm grateful. 
 Phoebe: Yeah? 
 Piper: You followed my instincts. I don't know what I'd do without you. 
 [Scene: Prue and Brendan are taking a walk.] 
 Brendan: A warlock naturally comes from two warlock parents like Greg and Paul do. But they're just my half brothers, I had a different mother. 
 Prue: A human mother? 
 Brendan: Yes. A wonderfully, human mother. 
 Prue: So then we have something in common. My father was human. 
 Brendan: The only difference is he came from good. Mine came from pure evil. Descended from an ancient warlock line intent on furthering the Rowe coven. Three brothers destined to become the most powerful force of evil the world has ever known. 
 Prue: The evil charmed ones. 
 Brendan: Only I went into hiding. I wanted to break the chain. Make amends for all that my family's done. 
 Prue: By becoming a priest? 
 Brendan: Embracing God in that way is the only way to lose my power and my warlock nature forever. And with it keep the Rowe coven from ever being. I've been at war with myself all my life, Prue. Running from the evil inside me. I guess it finally caught up. 
 Prue: You can fight it. Fight them. 
 Brendan: No I can't. My brothers are too powerful, they're relentless. They'll keep hurting the people I care about until I give in. They'll even hurt you. 
 Prue: I can take care of myself. It's you I'm worried about. 
 Brendan: Ahh, don't worry about me. I know what I have to do. I have to kill my brothers before they trick me into killing somebody else. You'll have to follow me to their place, and then and your sisters will have to kill me. 
 [Scene: Greg and Paul's place.] 
 Paul: Everything's ready. 
 Greg: Good. He's coming. This is amazing. Just as his approach my power quickens. It's as if I'm reaching out for him. For completion, do you feel it too? (Brendan enters the room.) Brother. 
 Brendan: I'm here to kill you Greg. 
 Greg: Well, I'm glad. Anything less, I'd be disappointed. But first you're gonna need this. (He gets a knife.) 
 Paul: It's okay, Brendan, take it. (He does so.) 
 Brendan: I know this wasn't your doing Paul. But I'm gonna have to kill you too. 
 Greg: But me first. (Brendan and Greg start fighting.) Yes, come on, you're feeling it now. Come on, I dare ya, you're almost there. In your blood, this is us, this is your birth right. 
 (Brendan sees a woman tied to a table with candles around her.) 
 Brendan: What the hell? 
 Greg: Isn't the heat intoxicating? But you need to kill. Oh, yes, that's it. 
 [Cut to Prue, Piper and Phoebe.] 
 Phoebe: Got here as soon as we could, we just didn't have time to go to the house and get the Book of Shadows. 
 Prue: Yeah, I don't wanna have to kill Brendan too. 
 Piper: But you said on the phone he's a warlock. 
 Prue: Yeah, I know he is but if we can vanquish his brothers before he turns, we might be able to save him okay. 
 [Cut back to the warlocks. Brendan is holding the knife just above the woman's throat.] 
 Greg: One clean thrust and you're both a piece. 
 (Prue, Piper and Phoebe barge through the door.) 
 Prue: Brendan, no! 
 (Prue uses her powers to untie the woman. Paul flings his hand out and lightning flies out if his fingertips landing near them. They run into the other room.) 
 Paul: Three witches. We can't defeat them without Brendan and we haven't got him yet. (They run away. Prue, Phoebe and Piper run back into the room.) 
 Piper: (to woman) It's okay, you're safe. 
 Prue: No, don't take the blind fold off she'll see us. We'll call for help. 
 Phoebe: Prue, he's a warlock. 
 Prue: I know. 
 Commercial Break 
 
 
 
 [Scene: Same place. There is now police and lots of people there.] 
 Officer: (to Morris) I'll take that. 
 (A man walks past Morris.) 
 Morris: Minimal traffic. 
 Man: See if he needs the photos. 
 Morris: I'll give it to him. Victim's a little shaken up so give her some air okay. 
 [Cut to Andy and the victim.] 
 (He gives her some tea.) 
 Andy: Here you go. 
 Woman: Thank you. 
 Andy: You okay to talk a little more? 
 Woman: Yeah, um, I just gotten to my car and I'm loading the groceries in the back and then they just came out of nowhere. 
 Andy: Was this guy, Brendan Rowe, one of them? (He shows her a picture.) 
 Woman: No. But I remember them calling one of the other ones that. I was blind folded and I think they drugged me or something 'cause the next thing I remember I was here. I felt the tip of the knife. He was gonna kill me. But she made him stop. 
 Andy: She? 
 Woman: One of the women that came. Um, Prue, I think her name was Prue. 
 Andy: Thanks. Stay with her. (He points to a woman officer. He walks up to Morris.) The bastards painted a cult symbol on her chest as a target. She's lucky to still be alive. 
 Morris: Did she I.D. Brendan Rowe. 
 Andy: Yeah, said two others blind folded her. Brought her here for him to kill her. (He starts to leave but Morris stops him.) 
 Morris: Where you going? 
 Andy: I'm gonna get to the bottom of this once and for all. 
 [Scene: Halliwell house. Prue's room.] 
 Prue: Hey, um, you can sleep in my room and I'll sleep with Piper. 
 Brendan: Why? 
 Prue: Because Phoebe kicks. 
 Brendan: No, I mean why are you doing this, why are you so kind to me after what I almost did? 
 Prue: Yeah, but you didn't and that's what's important. You didn't come to your brothers will. 
 Brendan: Only thanks to you. They had me Prue. Right where they wanted. I could feel the evil inside taking me over. It was so strong, so powerful. If you and your sisters didn't come in when you did. 
 Prue: You would of stopped yourself. You wouldn't of hurt her. 
 Brendan: How can you be so sure when I'm not even sure myself? 
 Prue: Because you're a good person Brendan, I've seen it at church, Father Austin's words, at the stables with that little girl. Your good side is much stronger than your evil side, you just have to keep fighting it until your ordination in the morning. And then you're home free. And we are gonna make sure you get there on time. 
 (There's some silence and they stare into each other's eyes.) 
 Brendan: How many temptations do I have to endure? 
 (They move into a kiss.) 
 Prue: Uh, okay, I'm gonna go. Night. 
 Brendan: Night. 
 [Cut to downstairs.] 
 Piper: He was about to drive a knife in that woman's heart. 
 Phoebe: Yeah, you couldn't of missed that right? 
 Prue: I didn't. I saw Brendan NOT punch the knife in her. 
 Phoebe: Yeah, that's because we stopped him. 
 Prue: Then why isn't she dead? 
 Piper: Because we showed up. 
 Prue: No, because we followed him. Because last night Phoebe had a premonition of Brendan being attacked. That makes him the innocent that we're suppose to protect. 
 Phoebe: Not necessarily. I mean maybe we were directed to him so that we could save the real innocent. The woman. 
 Piper: Which we did and now you've brought her would be killer, a warlock no less in our house. How do you know he won't try to kill us? That's what warlocks do. 
 Prue: He's not just a warlock, he's human too. Okay, look, Piper, remember when the wendigo turned you into a monster. The struggle that you went through and, and, and Phoebe, what about the shadow that turned you evil, what you went through to fight him off just to stay good. If anybody could relate to what Brendan is going through I would think that it would be you two. He has worked so hard for so many years to overcome his dark side and his brothers and he is so close. 
 Piper: What if, what if, you're wrong. What if he crosses over and joins his brothers? 
 Phoebe: Well, then they become the evil charmed ones and it's too late to stop them. 
 Prue: I know. Look, I can't explain it. I'm just following my instincts and they've never let me wrong before, at least not when I've really listened to them. Guys, if you can't believe in him, can you please at least believe in me? 
 Phoebe: Okay. Well, if we're gonna help Brendan get to this ordination, we have to figure out a way to stop his brothers, they're definitely gonna be there waiting. 
 (The doorbell rings.) 
 Piper: Who could that be? 
 Phoebe: Brendan's brothers? 
 Prue: Something tells me they're not exactly the ringing the bell types. 
 (Prue answers the door.) 
 Prue: Andy. 
 Andy: Hey, Prue. You feeling lucky? 'Cause I'm about to do ya a BIG favour. I'm gonna forget that I can place you at the scene of the crime if you can tell me where I can find Brendan Rowe. 
 Prue: I'm not sure I know what you're talking about. 
 Andy: I'm talking about justice for Father Austin. Ever hear of him? (Prue doesn't know what to say.) What's the matter? Need a little more time to work on your story? 
 Phoebe: Andy! 
 Andy: Sorry, but all bests are off on this one. A priest, my priest, was viciously attacked at his own church who dedicated his life at doing only good. Then a young mother was kidnapped almost sacrificed in an altar. Now I can place Brendan Rowe at both scenes of the crime and the female victim hearing your name at the last one. And believe it or not I don't care why you were there, all I care about is who tried to kill Father Austin. 
 Prue: I wish that I could help you. 
 Andy: Piper, what about you? You wanna tell me where he is? 
 Piper: We're not hiding any criminals here Andy if that's what you're asking. 
 Andy: Fine. Father Austin's in intensive care. If he dies it's first degree murder and if I find out you're someway involved, I won't be able to look the other way, Prue. (He leaves.) 
 Phoebe: I've never seen him like that before. 
 Prue: Can you blame him? 
 Piper: I hope you're right about Brendan, Prue. 
 [Scene: Greg and Paul's place. They are saying a spell.] 
 [Cut to Prue's room. Brendan is lying in bed and he's very restless. He gets out of bed and sees a spider and squashes it.] 
 [Back at Greg and Paul's place.] 
 Paul: He should of been here by now. I told you the spell wouldn't work. 
 Greg: We still got time. 
 Paul: I'm telling you he can't be taken. His mother's blood is too strong in him. 
 Greg: Then we will have to kill him. 
 Paul: I won't let that happen. 
 Greg: And he won't have a choice. 
 (Brendan enters the room.) 
 Paul: Brendan. 
 Greg: The spell brought you here. But the rest you have to do on your own, brother. 
 Brendan: I understand. 
 Greg: Do you really? 
 Brendan: I feel only your power reaching out to yours and yours. To complete our triangle. 
 Paul: All it takes is the life of a mortal and then your initiation is complete. 
 Greg: I'm afraid it's gonna take more. We need proof that you have truly turned. To complete the Rowe coven you must sacrifice a witch. Prue. 
 Commercial Break 
 [Scene: Prue's room.] 
 Piper: Where'd he go? 
 Prue: Um, probably to the rectory to get ready. 
 Piper: But you're not sure. 
 Prue: No, I'm not. 
 Piper: What are you gonna do? 
 Prue: I'm gonna find him. Wake up Pheebs okay. 
 (Phoebe stands at the doorway.) 
 Phoebe: I'm up. Do you want to know what the Book of Shadows says about the Rowe coven? 
 Prue: Go. 
 Phoebe: It's not good. Ever since the tenth century each generation has grown stronger. Nobody can find a spell or a weapon that can stop them. 
 Piper: Some days you just shouldn't get out of bed. 
 Prue: Let's just hope the power of three can beat them. 
 Phoebe: Unless it's already three against three. 
 [Scene: Church. Prue, Piper and Phoebe are standing outside Brendan's room.] 
 Phoebe: Are you sure you don't want us to go in with you? 
 Piper: If he's turned he'll kill you. 
 Prue: No, he won't I can talk to him. Look, I will call for help if I need it, I just need a minute alone with him. 
 (She walks in the room.) 
 Brendan: Hello, Prue. 
 Prue: Hi. Is everything alright? 
 Brendan: Yeah, sure. Why? You worry about me? 
 Prue: A little. Especially since you left this morning without a word. 
 Brendan: Yeah, well, big day. Wanted to get a jump on it. 
 Prue: Yeah, shouldn't you be getting ready? 
 Brendan: I am ready, Prue. 
 Prue: They got you didn't they? 
 Brendan: Look at this place. Hardly furnished, dresser, crucifix, bed, will this be my life? To meditate? To shut out the world. 
 Prue: Have your brothers been here? 
 Brendan: Mortify the flesh. They put a spell on me. To make me see your mortal body only. Something to kill and I see it. 
 (Prue uses her powers and he flies across the room.) 
 Prue: You can fight it Brendan. (Phoebe and Piper run in the room. Piper goes to freeze him.) No! It's okay, don't. (He turns into a warlock.) So this is it? You kill me or I kill you. 
 Phoebe: Prue. 
 Prue: Everything that you worked for, all the good that you've done still couldn't do. All for nothing, all lost. I don't believe it. I don't believe that this is the real you. (He raises his arm while holding the knife.) No, Brendan, wait! You're good. You can't kill me. It's not who you are. Isn't that why Father Austin believes in you? 
 (Brendan turns back into a human.) 
 Brendan: Did I hurt you? 
 Prue: No, I'm okay. 
 Brendan: Forgive me. 
 Phoebe: (to Piper) I wasn't worried. Were you worried? 
 Piper: Nah-uh. 
 (They walk down the hallway.) 
 Piper: It's clear. 
 (Greg and Paul appear.) 
 Greg: You betrayed us little brother. I'm very disappointed. 
 Brendan: Leave them out of this, Greg. 
 Greg: You're protecting witches now? You make me sick. 
 Piper: Prue? 
 Prue: Now! 
 (Piper tries to freeze them but they have some sort of protective shield around them and Phoebe throws the knife at them but the shield blocks it. Same happens with Prue's powers.) 
 Greg: No, not this time. I'm ready for you but family first. 
 Brendan: Yeah? Come and get me. 
 (Greg picks up the knife and gets ready to throw it. Paul stops him.) 
 Paul: Greg, wait! 
 Prue: Brendan, don't let them turn you, don't use your powers. 
 Paul: Give him a chance. It's not too late Brendan, you can still join us. You are either with us or against us. 
 Brendan: Then I'm against you. 
 Greg: Then you will die. (He throws the knife gets Paul.) Damn you, Brendan. 
 Paul: Greg. (He pulls the knife out of his chest.) Damn you! 
 (He throws the knife and hits Greg in the chest. They both turn into dust.) 
 Prue: I'm sorry. 
 Brendan: I'm not. 
 (A clock chimes.) 
 Prue: It's time. 
 Brendan: Yeah. After all these years, after everything I've given up to get here, a sacrifice never seemed greater than it does right now. 
 (Prue kisses him.) 
 Prue: Tell me about it. 
 [Scene: Inside the church. Brendan is getting ordained and Phoebe, Prue and Piper are watching.] 
 Phoebe: (to Prue) You know if you're ever gonna lose a guy it might as well be to the big guy. 
 Commercial Break 
 [Scene: Quake.] 
 Bartender: What can I get you Prue? 
 Prue: Um, the usual, thanks. 
 (Andy walks up to Prue.) 
 Andy: Hey. 
 Prue: Hi. Still mad at me? 
 Andy: Listen Prue, I'm sorry about how I acted earlier. 
 Prue: Andy, please, you don't have to apologize. I know how close you are to Father Austin. I've known you a long time, remember? 
 Andy: I remember. Actually, I just came from the hospital, the doctor says he's gonna be okay. 
 Prue: I'm glad to hear that. 
 Andy: And he said it wasn't Brendan Rowe that attacked him, it was his brothers. I suppose you don't know where I might be able to find them either? 
 Prue: No. (The bartender gives her the drink.) Thanks. But I have a feeling you're not going to find them anywhere. 
 Andy: Really? I wonder how you might know that? Nevermind, I think I already know. Well, better get back to work I just wanted to stop by. 
 Prue: I'm glad you did. 
 (He leaves. Prue walks over to a table where Piper and Phoebe are sitting.) 
 Piper: Well, you're not handcuffed, that's a good sign. 
 Phoebe: Depends on who's cuffing you. I'm joking. 
 Prue: I wonder how he knew that I would be here? 
 Phoebe: Are you kidding? We're always at Quake after we vanquish warlocks. Either here or at home. 
 (Piper sees Josh.) 
 Piper: Oh, there's Josh. 
 Phoebe: Oh man, that guy cannot take a hint. Piper, this is my fault, I'm the one that pushed you on him. So I will handle this okay. 
 Piper: It's okay. I called him. I decided it's time to try and work through my fears and trust my instincts. 
 Prue: Always a good thing to do. 
 Phoebe: Especially when they're that cute. 
 Josh: Piper. I'm a little surprised you called, I thought you were mad at me or something. 
 Piper: No, I just had to go to church. Table for two. Yes, you. (They sit at a table.) 
 Phoebe: You know, maybe I didn't do such a bad thing after all. 
 Prue: I'd say helping her get over falling for the wrong guy is a good thing. Now maybe you can help me with it. 
 Phoebe: Yeah, that's not fair, losing such a catch like Brendan to the priesthood. God's got all the studs. 
 Prue: Well, at least he's not a warlock anymore. 
 Phoebe: And at least Piper's not a nun. 
 Prue: Oh. 
 Phoebe: Right? 
 Prue: Right. 
 End 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 