Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x21 - Love Hurts - Charmed 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x21 - Love Hurts https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=21&t=4959 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 06/02/99 09:41 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x21 - Love Hurts 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Written by: Chris Levinson, Zack Estrin, and Javier Grillo-Marxuach 
 Transcribed by: Shay Fitzpatrick 
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 [Scene: A woman is walking really fast to a car and keeps looking over her shoulder. A car horn beeps and she drops her groceries. She picks the stuff up but cuts herself.] 
 Daisy: Ow, damn it! 
 Leo: It's alright, Daisy. 
 Daisy: Oh, Leo, thank God it's you. I have been so scared. 
 Leo: Look, you just have to stay strong a little longer and then you'll be safe. 
 Daisy: He's out there, Leo. He's going to find me. I've seen what he can do, his powers. (Leo holds her hand and heals it.) How did you do that? Who are you people? 
 Leo: You just have to trust me, Daisy. 
 Daisy: Why me, Leo? I still don't understand. 
 Leo: You have a very special future ahead of you. That's why I wanted you to come to San Francisco. I have powerful friends who can help you. 
 Daisy: What if Alec finds me first? 
 Leo: He won't be able to. I made you invisible to him. 
 (Alec appears.) 
 Alec: Hello, Leo. I've been looking all over for you. Figured you could only be here for one reason. Where are you Daisy? I know you're close by. 
 Leo: (to Daisy) Don't worry, Daisy. He can't see you. Don't say a word, just leave quickly. 
 Alec: Don't listen to him sweetie, don't do it. 
 (She runs off.) 
 Leo: She's already gone. 
 Alec: I love her, Leo. Much like you love your little witch. What's her name? Piper? 
 Leo: Dark lighters aren't capable of love, Alec. 
 Alec: This one is. I love Daisy and you are keeping me from her. It's only a couple of days ago all I had to do was think about her and bang! I'd be there with her. Then suddenly she vanishes from my radar. Cloaked by a white lighter. By you. 
 Leo: Then if you know I cloaked her, then you also know that you won't find her as long as I live. 
 Alec: Yes, well, I have a solution for that. 
 (He gets out his crossbow and shoots Leo.) 
 [Scene: Halliwell house.] 
 Phoebe: I can not believe you're wearing you bikini on the plane. 
 Prue: Time saver. We have all of forty-eight hours in Cabo. The minute we land I'm on the beach getting all golden-brown. 
 Phoebe: I know, but you're making me look frumpy, it's like the sign of the apocalypse. 
 Prue: I practically had to beg the guy in accounting to lend us his condo. There are no warlocks in sight, Andy finally found out our big secret, I'm going to get crazy. 
 Phoebe: It's about time. How long have I been after you to find some new male blood? Preferably tan and buff. 
 Prue: And limited verbal skills. 
 Phoebe: And ... 
 Phoebe/Prue: No strings attached. 
 Phoebe: Stella, we are getting our grove back. (They high five but miss.) Okay, so, speaking of which, where is Piper? 
 Prue: I think Piper's gonna be in a grove free kina mood for a while. 
 Phoebe: She's not seriously ... 
 Prue: Taking a vacation from men, yep. Afraid of falling in love again I think. 
 Phoebe: So, while we're partying all weekend, what is she gonna be doing? 
 Prue: I don't know. The last time I checked she was in the attic looking for a suitcase she put her books in. 
 Phoebe: Books, what kind of books? 
 Prue: Kind they make into Kevin Costner movies. 
 Phoebe: Oh, we've got to stop the insanity. 
 Prue: Maybe we should let her be, I mean we're not the ones who fell in love with a warlock, a ghost, a geographically undesirable handyman, and a very dorky grad student. 
 Phoebe: Maybe she's done a slump. (Prue looks at her.) Alright, it happens to Piper a lot, but celibacy is not the answer. 
 Prue: A couple of dates not picking up the cheque, that's a slump, this is more of a sucking void. 
 (They here a thump and a little scream coming from the attic.) 
 Piper: (from the attic) Prue! Prue, Phoebe! 
 (They go up into the attic and see Leo lying on the floor in pain with the arrow stuck in his shoulder.) 
 Prue: Leo? 
 Opening Credits 
 [Scene: Halliwell house. Prue is getting bandages and stuff out of the bathroom. Cut to the attic. Phoebe and Piper are carrying Leo to a chair.] 
 Piper: Be careful. 
 Phoebe: I am being careful. 
 Piper: I can't believe you knew and the fact that our handyman, the man I was dating was supernatural just happened to slip your mind? 
 Phoebe: There was no slipping, okay, I told you but you didn't want to believe me. 
 Leo: Piper, I wanted to. 
 Piper: But you didn't. 
 Phoebe: Okay, we gotta, we gotta get your legs up. 
 Leo: Don't worry about me. There's someone, ahh ...! 
 Phoebe: We have to get the arrow out. 
 Leo: No, don't touch it, it's tipped with poison. 
 Phoebe: How are we suppose to get it out if we can't touch it? 
 (Prue enters the attic.) 
 Prue: You came to the right girl. You ready? (Prue uses her powers to push the arrow out.) Okay, I brought everything that I could find, I just didn't know what to use on a ... what is he again? 
 Piper: A White Lighter. 
 Phoebe: Yeah, they're sorta like, you know how Peter Pan has Tinkerbell? They're sorta like that minus the tutu and the wings. He guides witches. 
 Leo: Future White Lighters. That's why I came to you. 
 Piper: (to Phoebe) You should of told me. 
 Leo: I should of told you. (Piper gets a bandage and pushes down on his wound.) Ahh! 
 Piper: Oh, did that hurt? Good. 
 Leo: There's a woman, Daisy. You have to protect her from the Dark Lighter. 
 Prue: The Dark Lighter. Is that what shot you? 
 Leo: Yeah, they seduce innocent women. Their goal is to create evil through reproduction. 
 Phoebe: Great. Generation 666. 
 Leo: He broke the rules, he fell in love with one of his victims, a human. And she loved him back. 
 Piper: Until she found out who he really was, right? 
 Leo: Piper, you have every right to be mad at me. 
 Piper: Thanks for the permission. I'll get some more gauze. 
 Leo: Please, you have to find Daisy before he does otherwise she won't be able to do the good that she's destined to. She won't be able to become a white lighter. 
 Prue: Okay, where is she? 
 Leo: I don't know. The last time I saw her she was at a mini-mart and the castrol headed for a rental car. If he finds her first he'll never let her go ever. 
 Phoebe: Any tips on how to vanquish a Dark Lighter in case we run into him? 
 Leo: Just don't let him touch you. His power is in his hands and when he chooses you he has the touch of death. 
 Prue: And we have the power of three. Alright, call the airline, cancel our tickets, I'll call Andy see if he can help me locate her, and Piper should ... 
 Phoebe: I'll talk to her, somebody's gotta stay with Leo. 
 [Scene: Police station.] 
 Morris: You enjoying this as much as I am? 
 Andy: What's that? 
 Morris: The silent treatment and the cold shoulder. 
 Andy: I know, it's been a week since Internal Affairs has made a move. What are they waiting for? 
 Morris: I'm not talking about I.A., I'm talking about you and me. 
 Andy: I got no problems. 
 Morris: That makes one of us. I.A. is on our ass and I still don't know why but I'm pretty sure you do. You feel like sharing? 
 (The phone rings.) 
 Andy: Homicide, Trudeau. 
 Prue: Hey, Franklin. How are things in Forensics? 
 Prue: You can't talk. 
 Andy: No actually. Why don't you have it checked out by the F.B.I. lab? 
 Prue: Andy, I really need your help, it's important. Quake? 
 Andy: Okay, I'll be there. 
 Morris: Franklin's wife had a baby girl yesterday. Took a week off. Did he call you from the maternity ward? You don't wanna tell me what's going on, fine. Just don't lie to me partner. 
 [Scene: Quake. Prue and Andy are sitting at a table.] 
 Prue: Andy, what's going on? 
 Andy: Internal Affairs are looking into all my unsolved cases. All the cases that involve the supernatural. 
 Prue: All the ones that involve me. Do you think that they followed you here? 
 Andy: I wouldn't put it past them. 
 Prue: Andy, if we ... if I, put you in this situation. 
 Andy: I put me here, Prue. 
 Prue: Yeah, but you had help. Can they force you to tell them? 
 Andy: About you? I won't. But we have to be careful about being seen together. It has to look like we're still friends. 
 Prue: Andy, we are still friends. We always will be. 
 Andy: Are you sure I'm not just someone that's keeping your secret, Prue. 
 Prue: You know me better than that. I'm glad I told you, I am. 
 Andy: So am I. Now when you need me all you have to do is ask. 
 Prue: Well, I'm asking. I need to find someone, she's in danger and we have to get to her before he does. 
 Andy: He? You know what, I don't need to know. Specifics always get me in trouble. Where was the last time she was seen? 
 Prue: Headed for a rental car outside a mini-mart. 
 Andy: Well, we can get the security camera from the mini-mart and surrounding businesses. See if we can get the car's license plates and see if it leads us to where she's staying. 
 Prue: Thanks. 
 Commercial Break 
 [Scene: Attic.] 
 Phoebe: Leo, I brought you some food in case you're ... you do eat right? 
 Leo: Yes, Phoebe, I eat. How's Piper? 
 Phoebe: Oh, you know, she's dealing. I mean, it's not everyday that you find out that the guy you're seeing isn't human. Although, in Piper's case. 
 Leo: I wish she didn't have to find out about me like this. Being with her broke the rules but not being with her breaks my heart. 
 Phoebe: You know, Leo, it's not like we rushed to tell you we were witches. I think Piper understands about those little secrets that we have to keep. 
 Leo: Any word on Daisy? 
 Phoebe: Yes and no. Prue called. Andy thinks he found out where Daisy's staying. They're on their way now. (She pulls off his bandage.) Oh, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. 
 Leo: It's okay, I know it's bad. 
 Phoebe: I guess I need to work on my poke-a-face a little bit, huh. You know Leo, didn't you tell me that White Lighters have the ability to heal? Why can't you just ... 
 Leo: No, my powers are for others, I can't use it on myself. 
 (He coughs.) 
 Phoebe: Ah, you know, we just gotta get you better. Then you and Piper will have lots of time to talk about stuff when you're well. 
 Leo: Phoebe, I'm not going to get better. 
 Phoebe: That's ridiculous, Leo, of course you will, we're just gonna have to find something in the Book of Shadows. 
 Leo: No, the Dark Lighter's poison can't be reversed. It's about to kill White Lighters. That's what it's doing, it's working it's way through my system. It's just a matter of time. 
 Phoebe: How much time? 
 Leo: Not much. I'm gonna die and there's nothing you can do about it. My powers ebbing. With it, my ability to cloak Daisy. 
 Phoebe: We're gonna save you both, Leo. 
 [Cut to downstairs. Piper is looking through the Book of Shadows. Phoebe comes downstairs.] 
 Piper: I have looked everywhere in this damn book for something, anything to help Leo and I can't. What's that face? What's the matter? 
 Phoebe: Leo's in pretty bad shape, Piper. And he's getting worse. 
 Piper: I know, that's why I need to find an ointment or a cure or something. 
 Phoebe: You need to listen. This is really hard to say but you really need to hear it. I think that you need to learn the possibility, maybe we're not suppose to save Leo. Maybe he's not our innocent. Maybe we're only meant to save Daisy. 
 Piper: We have to save him whether we're meant to or not. 
 [Scene: Hotel. Daisy's room. She sees some flowers. Alec appears.] 
 Alec: I got you your favourite. I thought you'd be happy to see me. I miss this. Us. 
 Daisy: There is no us, Alec. Please stop. 
 Alec: You're the one Daisy. You're mine. Indian summer, do you remember that Daisy? When it got so hot in the city you could barely breathe. And we sat in the fire escape drinking turns, running ice cubes down each others necks. 
 Daisy: Stop! 
 Alec: That's when you first said you loved me. "Forever, Alec. I love you forever." (She throws the vase of flowers at him but missed.) Now, is that anyway to treat the man who loves you? 
 Daisy: You're not a man. You're not even human. 
 Alec: Don't make me regret telling you who I really am. Don't you get it Daisy? I love you and now no one can stop us from being together. Think about it. I found you. What do you think that means? Yeah, that's right, I've clipped Leo's wings and soon he'll be gone so I can find you whenever I want. 
 (The manager knocks on the door.) 
 Manager: Hello, Manager, is everything okay in there? 
 Alec: I win. 
 Daisy: No, you only win if I come willingly and I never will. 
 Alec: Then I'll never go away. 
 Manager: Hey, I'm coming in. 
 Daisy: No, don't! (The manager goes in the room and Alec grabs him.) 
 Alec: Nobody can keep us apart now, Daisy. 
 Daisy: Please, stop! 
 (Alec's touch of death kills the manager. She climbs out the window. Prue and Andy come running in. 
 Alec: You can't run from me. 
 Prue: Daisy?! 
 (Prue uses her powers on Alec and flies across the room. Alec turns into some sort of dust and flies out the window.) 
 Andy: What the hell was that? 
 Prue: Welcome to my world. 
 [Scene: Halliwell house. Phoebe enters the attic.] 
 Phoebe: Hey, Prue's home, she just ... (Piper is reading a spell out of the Book of Shadows) I hear rhyming, what are you doing? 
 Piper: Everything I can. Look, we know Leo can't heal himself but maybe with his powers I can. 
 Phoebe: What are you talking about? 
 Piper: It's a power switching spell. If Leo and I exchange powers then I'll have the healing touch and maybe I can fix him. 
 (Prue comes in.) 
 Prue: Hey, what's going on? 
 Phoebe: Ah, you know, the usual, made some coffee, read the newspaper, walked in on Piper switching powers with Leo. You know. 
 Piper: I have to save him, Prue. 
 Prue: Okay, is it safe? 
 Piper: To tell you the truth I don't really care. He's slipping away and if either one of you have a better idea then I'm all ears, if not then I'm casting the spell and I would like to do it with the support of my sisters. 
 Prue: Cast away. 
 Piper: What's mine is yours, what's yours is mine, let our powers cross the line, I offer up this gift to share, switch our powers through the air. 
 Phoebe: Did it work? 
 Piper: I don't know. (Kit runs in and Piper tries to freeze him.) I can't freeze. 
 Prue: This is a good sign. The spell must of worked. That means Phoebe and ... (She touches Phoebe and has a premonition.) Oh, I think I just had one of Phoebe's premonition thingies. 
 Phoebe: Really? What did you see? 
 Prue: (She points to a lamp.) That shattering. (Kit jumps on the table where the lamp is.) 
 Phoebe: Kit, no! (Phoebe puts her hand up and she makes the lamp fly against the wall and smash.) Did I just do that? 
 Prue: Uh huh, and I saw it. So, okay, you're moving things, I'm having premonitions and Piper can't freeze which means ... 
 Piper: Am I gonna get yelled at? 
 Prue: It switched all of our powers? 
 Phoebe: It's a supernatural freaky Friday. (The phone rings.) Oh, you know what? I'm going to get that and I'm sure you guys will have all this worked out by the time I get back. 
 Piper: Okay, I can do this. Now, heal. Come on, heal. Why aren't these working? 
 Prue: Okay, okay, okay. Piper, relax. Remember when we first got our own powers, it took us a while to learn how to trigger them. 
 Piper: Well, I'm doing what I always do. 
 Prue: Yes, but maybe you have to find his trigger not yours. 
 (Phoebe comes back in the attic.) 
 Phoebe: Hey, that was Andy. A new charge came up on Daisy's credit card report. She bought a bus ticket twenty minutes ago. She's running again. 
 Prue: If she leaves town we'll never be able to find her. Let's go. 
 Phoebe: Wait, we have to switch our powers back. 
 Piper: Not until I heal Leo. 
 Phoebe: Piper, we have to get Daisy. 
 Piper: And I have to heal him, I'm not losing him again. 
 Prue: Okay, you know what, you stay here. We have to find Daisy before the Dark Lighter does. We'll just have to do it using each other's powers. Come on. 
 [Scene: Police station.] 
 Andy: You wanted to see me? 
 Inspector Anderson: Sit down. 
 Inspector Rodriguez: You make a habit out of showing up at the scene before the crime is reported, Inspector. 
 Andy: I don't know what you're talking about. 
 Inspector Anderson: Motel capree, no one called the manager's murder in, Trudeau. Not until you did. 
 Andy: I got a tip. 
 Inspector Rodriguez: You're lying. Witnesses placed you at the scene with a woman. 5"3' or 4', brunette, attractive. Ring any bells? 
 Andy: Last time I checked I didn't have to reveal my informers to you, Rodriguez. 
 Inspector Rodriguez: Maybe not in a court of law but the last time I checked we weren't in one. This is an I.A. investigation, you don't have the same rights. You have no idea how much I can hurt you. 
 Inspector Anderson: Just tell us who you're covering for, Inspector.  
 (Andy stands up and puts his gun and badge on the table.)  
 Andy: Screw you. (He walks out the room.) 
 [Scene: Bus depot.] 
 Daisy: Excuse me. Where can I find bus 24? 
 (The guy turns around and it's Alec.) 
 Alec: I told you I'd always be there for you, Daisy. 
 (She walks off quickly and bumps into a man.) 
 Daisy: I'm sorry. (The man turns around and it's Alec again.) 
 Alec: It's quite alright. I'm in no hurry. You care to join me? 
 [Cut to Phoebe and Prue entering the depot. Prue keeps poking Phoebe.] 
 Phoebe: Okay, are you trying to piss me off? 
 Prue: That's exactly what I'm trying to do only it's not working. 
 Phoebe: How do you know? 
 Prue: Because I don't see anything flying across the room. Look, you're gonna need to know how to use my power in case the Dark Lighter shows up, remember. When I first got my power it was anger that triggered it, so I need to push your buttons. 
 Phoebe: Okay, it's not that easy to break me. 
 Prue: What was it in high school that the guys started calling you after they caught you making out with someone under the bleachers. 
 Phoebe: It's not gonna work. 
 Prue: What was that? Oh yeah, Freebie! (The magazines on a rack spin around and fall off.) Well, class over. 
 Phoebe: You know that was just a rumour, right? Okay, now it's your turn. We need a premonition, where's Daisy? 
 Prue: Oh, do I have to? The last time I got all woozy and, and ... 
 (She touches a chair and nothing happens.) 
 Phoebe: Okay, you know, you guys take for granted that I'm your innocent yellow pages. Okay, this takes work. 
 Prue: It is useless, okay, I'm never going to get ... (she has a premonition) Do your ears ring when you do that? 
 (She nods.) 
 Phoebe: What did you see? 
 Prue: I can't be sure 'cause it went by so fast but if I was playing odds I would say it was Daisy. 
 Phoebe: Where is she? 
 Prue: Bathroom. 
 [Cut to bathroom.] 
 Daisy: (to herself) I'm gonna be okay, I can handle this. 
 Alec appears.) 
 Alec: You can't run from me, Daisy. 
 Daisy: Why won't you leave me alone? 
 Alec: Because we can be happy together. We were once, remember? All you have to do is come with me willingly. 
 Daisy: And what? Watch while you kill more innocent people? 
 Alec: He made me do that. That man would still be alive if he had just come with me. That's all I ask and the killing'll stop. We can have eternity together. (Daisy knees him in the stomach. Prue and Phoebe enter the bathroom.) 
 Prue: I believe this is the ladies room. 
 Alec: And this is a private conversation. (His crossbow appears.) 
 Prue: Oh, oh, Phoebe. (Phoebe puts her hand up and all the soap squirts out of the soap dispensers and the water comes out of the taps. Alec laughs.) Okay, now would be a very good time to get angry. 
 Alec: I've never used this on a witch before. 
 Prue: Oh, grandma's car, fender dented, you got blamed for it, I did it. (Alec flies into a cubicle.) 
 Phoebe: I got grounded for that, Prue. 
 (Prue picks up the crossbow.) 
 Prue: I've never used this on a Dark Lighter before. 
 (She shoots the arrow at him but he turns into dust and floats away.) 
 Daisy: Oh God, is he ...? 
 Phoebe: Daisy, Leo sent us, we have to take you to him. Come on. 
 
 
 
 [Scene: Halliwell house. Piper is still trying to heal Leo.] 
 Piper: Oh God, please work. Come on. Work. 
 Leo: When I die ... 
 Piper: You're not going to die. 
 Leo: And when it happens this where I wanna be. I love you. 
 [Cut to downstairs. Prue, Phoebe, and Daisy enter the house. There are flowers sitting on a table.] 
 Daisy: Oh God, he found me again. 
 Phoebe: How do you know? 
 Daisy: That's what he does, he sends me flowers so I know he's watching. 
 (Phoebe reads the note.) 
 Phoebe: No, honey, these are for Prue. 
 Prue: They're from Andy, he needs to see me right away. 
 Phoebe: Something wrong with his phone? 
 Prue: It's a long story but I can't leave you guys. 
 Phoebe: No, Prue, we'll go up and check on Leo and remember I'm the one with the active power now. Go. 
 Prue: Are you sure? 
 Phoebe: Yes, absolutely, we'll be fine. Let's go check on Leo. 
 [Cut to the attic. Piper is sitting on the floor.] 
 Phoebe: Piper, we found Daisy ... 
 Piper: I tried. He's gone. 
 Commercial Break 
 [Scene: Halliwell house. Daisy and Phoebe are running down the stairs.] 
 Phoebe: I don't think this is the best time for you to be alone. 
 Daisy: Without Leo it's just a matter of time before Alec finds me again. I have to get away. 
 Phoebe: No. My sister's and I can take care of Alec. 
 Daisy: I don't want you to try. Too many people are dead now because of me and now Leo. 
 Phoebe: Honey, that's not your fault. 
 Daisy: I doesn't matter. When Alec finds me again he's not gonna let you get in the way either. It's better off that I leave. Trust me. I have to go. 
 Piper: Don't you dare. Leo gave up his life to bring you here. If you leave, Alec will find you for sure. And Leo's death will mean nothing. You're not going anywhere. 
 [Scene: A park. Andy is sitting on a seat swing. Prue walks up to him and sits down.] 
 Prue: So I take it we're not here for the same reason we used in high school. 
 Andy: Unfortunately, no. 
 Prue: Makes me kinda wish for the good old days. 
 Andy: We tried that already. Prue, I did everything that I could to keep Internal Affairs from finding out about you. There's not much more I can do after today. 
 Prue: Why? What happened? 
 Andy: I wouldn't tell them what they wanted to know. I turned in my shield. Automatic suspension. I gotta hand it to Rodriguez he's a pit bull. But when he connects you to all those unsolved cases he can put the heat on you to get to me. Unless you're careful. He's gonna figure out that it's you and your sister's that he really wants. 
 Prue: Wait, you just got suspended and you're telling me to watch my back? 
 Andy: Until I.A.'s off my case, it's better if we're not even seen together. You don't want them to connect the dots believe me. 
 Prue: I can't believe you're worried about me when you're about to lose everything that you've worked for. 
 Andy: Well, everyone of those unsolved cases that Rodriguez is tracking down, there's an innocent life that you and your sister's helped to save. What you're doing is the reason I became a cop. I guess that's how I do it. 
 Prue: I'm sorry. 
 Andy: No, don't be. Everything happens for a reason. Remember, you taught me that. 
 (Prue kisses him on the cheek.) 
 Prue: Thanks. 
 (She gets up and starts to walk away.) 
 Andy: Take care, Prue. 
 [Scene: Attic. Piper is watching Leo from the doorway. Phoebe walks up to Piper.] 
 Phoebe: I thought you might like to talk. 
 Piper: He could of stayed with us, he could of fought harder. 
 Phoebe: He was in pain, he had to let go. 
 Piper: He didn't have to, our magic's never failed before. I cast the spell, I took his power, all he had to do was show me how to do it and he never did. 
 Phoebe: How can you be mad at him? 
 Piper: Because it should of worked. Prue's having premonitions, and you figured out how to use her power, why couldn't I find a trigger? Why couldn't he just help me, give me his power? 
 Phoebe: He wanted to live, he didn't want to leave you. It's hard to lose someone you love. 
 [Scene: Later on. Piper's in the attic with Leo.] 
 Piper: I love you, Leo. (She's crying and a tear drop lands on her hand and her hand started glowing.) I found it. Leo, I love you. (She holds her glowing hand over Leo and she heals him.) Can you hear me? I love you, Leo, please hear me. (Leo wakes up.) 
 Leo: Piper. (They hug.) 
 Piper: Oh, thank God. I tried so hard and I couldn't make it work before. Why didn't you tell me? 
 Leo: That love was the trigger? You had to find that out on your own. Why couldn't you tell me? 
 Piper: I don't know. I was afraid, I was afraid if I admitted how I really felt it would hurt more if I lost you. I'm so sorry, I should of said it before. 
 Leo: It's better late then never. 
 [Cut to the stairs. Piper is helping Leo down them.] 
 Phoebe: Leo. Oh my God, how did you ...? 
 Piper: There's no time to explain. 
 Leo: You've been out of the cloak too long. Alec can find her. 
 Piper: Where's Prue? We need to get her back here and we need to find a spell to vanquish the Dark Lighter. 
 Leo: A power of three spell. 
 Phoebe: Okay, I think she has her cell phone on. (Alec appears. Phoebe tries to use Prue's power.) No! (The light bulbs smash above him. He grabs Piper.) 
 Alec: Alright, no more tricks, ladies. 
 Leo: Let her go, Alec. 
 Alec: I don't think so. I have what you love, you've got what I love. Care to trade? (Phoebe puts her hand up.) Don't do that. (His hand starts glowing.) I will kill her if I have too. You still think I'm incapable of love, Leo? You wanna see far I'm willing to go? 
 Daisy: Alec, no! 
 Piper: Daisy, stay back. 
 Alec: You shut up! 
 (Prue opens the door and Alec pushes Piper into Phoebe and grabs Daisy.) 
 Leo: No! 
 Prue: Phoebe, stop him! 
 (Alec disappears with Daisy.) 
 Commercial Break 
 [Scene: Piper is using Leo's power to try and find Daisy.] 
 Piper: I can't do it. 
 Leo: Yes you can. You have everyone of my powers including the power to find Daisy. 
 Prue: Leo, wouldn't it be faster for you guys just to switch you powers back? 
 Leo: No, I'm still too weak. It's up to Piper. Trust me, Piper. Okay, look deep inside yourself, peace, place where you find love. 
 Piper: Right, I can hear her. 
 Leo: Listen to her, let her tell you where she is. 
 Piper: She's screaming, she's afraid, he's pushing her past some trees. 
 Leo: Can you recognize the place, can you tell where they're at? 
 Piper: Hero's Grove, Golden Gate park. 
 Prue: Let's go. 
 Piper: What about Leo? 
 Leo: I'm fine. Save Daisy. 
 Prue: Piper, we really need the power of three to do this. 
 Phoebe: Actually, I don't think we do. I think there's a better way. Piper, you stay with Leo. Prue, you drive, I'll talk. 
 [Scene: Golden Gate Park.] 
 Daisy: Why are taking me here? 
 Alec: You could of been my mate, Daisy, my equal. 
 Daisy: I don't understand. 
 Alec: And now you've made this place your death bed. It's your won fault you won't live. 
 Daisy: Please don't kill me. If you ever loved me. 
 Alec: If I ever loved you what? You think I could just get over you? Move on, find somebody else? You're the only woman I've ever loved, Daisy and now I'm the last man you'll ever leave. 
 (His hand glows red hot. Prue and Phoebe run over to them.) 
 Prue: Let her go! 
 Alec: She's mine. 
 Phoebe: Son of a ... (She uses Prue's powers and he flies through the air.) Do it Prue, now! 
 Prue: What's mine is yours, what yours is mine, let our powers cross the line. 
 Alec: You really should of stayed out of this. 
 Prue: I offer up this gift to share, switch our powers through the air. 
 (Alec's hand stops glowing and Prue's hand starts glowing.) 
 Alec: What? Where's my power? 
 Prue: It's hate. Hate is his trigger. 
 Phoebe: Then hate him. 
 Prue: No problem. Bring him to me, Phoebe. (Prue puts her glowing hand on his chest and burns him to death.) What's mine is yours, what yours is mine, let our powers cross the line. 
 Daisy: His gone. You did it. 
 Phoebe: You okay? 
 Prue: I can't believe how much hate that took. I never wanna feel like that again. 
 Daisy: You just gave me my life back. 
 Phoebe: Now, when we get home, you're gonna give me my power back, right? 
 [Scene: Attic. Leo and Piper are laying on the couch together.] 
 Piper: I almost wish I didn't give you your powers back. Then you wouldn't be able to leave. 
 Leo: Me too. 
 Piper: So if Daisy's a White Lighter to be, doesn't that mean you used to be ... 
 Leo: Human? Yes it does. I was actually born right here in San Francisco. I had lived here all the way up till I went after the war. 
 Piper: You mean like Vietnam? 
 Leo: No. World War II. I had left med school and enlisted as a medic. I wanted to help save people not shoot them. The last thing I remember I was bandaging a soldiers head wound and I felt a sharp pain and the next thing I know I was floating surrounded by White Lighters. They offered me immortality and the chance to help special people like you. I never once doubted that I didn't make the right choice. Till I met you. Ever since all I can think is how I'd give it up and have a mortal life again to have a family, grow old with you. 
 Piper: Is that possible? 
 Leo: Yea, I can become human again, Piper, if you want me to. 
 Piper: Are you kidding? I want that more than anything I don't want to lose you again. 
 Leo: But ... 
 Piper: But then you wouldn't be able to help other witches or other future White Lighters would you? You couldn't save the next Daisy. 
 (There's silence.) 
 Leo: I better go. (They kiss.) I love you. 
 (He disappears.) 
 Piper: I love you too. 
 [Scene: Construction site. Andy is meeting Morris there. The two I.A. guys are there in their car trying to hear what they're saying.] 
 Morris: How ya doing? 
 Andy: Been better. How about you? 
 Morris: Those I.A.'s son of a bitch made me work more. 
 Andy: Yeah. So you wearing one? 
 Morris: What do you think? 
 Andy: You in any kind of trouble? 
 Morris: Less than you. 
 Andy: I just want you to know I'm doing it for a good cause. 
 Morris: Andy, I'm your partner. More importantly I'm your friend. I wanna believe you're on our side. It would really help me if I knew why you were doing this. I'm not asking you for I.A. I'm asking you for me. I think you owe me one. 
 Inspector Rodriguez: I told you they would didn't I? 
 Inspector Anderson: Doesn't do us any good if we can't hear them over the noise. I sure wish I could read lips. 
 Morris: Who you covering for? 
 Andy: It's Prue. And all I can tell you is she's connected to all our unsolved cases. 
 Morris: Prue huh? I was so hoping you weren't gonna say that. 
 Inspector Anderson: I can't hear a thing. 
 Inspector Rodriguez: He's covering up for Prue Halliwell. 
 Inspector Anderson: What? How the hell did you know ... Oh my God. 
 (Inspector Rodriguez's eyes turn red and made the earphones that Anderson was wearing make a deafening sound.) 
 [Scene: Halliwell house. Piper is in the attic. She finds Leo's dog tags and puts them around her neck.] 
 Piper: Leo. 
 [Cut to downstairs.] 
 Phoebe: Is it just me or can you draw a chalk outline around this place? 
 Prue: Well, I don't know what you could possibly mean, Phoebe, I mean the weekend's almost over, we never made it to Cabo, I'm never gonna see Andy again, and Piper just lost the love of her life. 
 Phoebe: The glass is way more than half way full here, Prue, Piper saved the love of her life, Alec is long gone and Daisy's on her way back to her family. And we even managed to straighten out our powers thank God. 
 (She gets two pineapples out of the fridge.) 
 Prue: Thank God? I thought that you always wanted an active power. 
 Phoebe: Maybe, but I never thought I'd actually miss my premonitions. Your power was like wearing a dress that was too tight. Not that would ever happen. 
 Prue: Remember when I said you had no vision. 
 Phoebe: Which time? 
 Prue: Well, you would never hear it again. It takes a lot of strength to see what you see. 
 Phoebe: I'll drink to that. We can't go to Cabo, we might as well bring Cabo to us. 
 Prue: I don't know, Pheebs, we still have some serious problems. 
 (She plays some reggae music on the CD player.) 
 Phoebe: Problems are for Monday mornings. What do you say? 
 Prue: It's gonna be hell of a Monday morning but until then ... 
 (They toast their drinks.) 
 End 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 