Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x20 - The Power of Two - Charmed 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x20 - The Power of Two https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=21&t=4960 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/26/99 11:05 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x20 - The Power of Two 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Written by: Brad Kern 
 Transcribed by: Shay Fitzpatrick 
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 [Scene: Halliwell house. Phoebe is sitting on the furniture meditating trying to call a premonition. Prue and Piper are running around looking for stuff.] 
 Piper: Prue, have you seen my purse? 
 Prue: In the kitchen. Have you seen my keys? 
 Piper: They're by the T.V. I can't find my plane ticket. Did I give it to you? 
 Prue: Maybe you packed it. 
 Piper: I didn't just pack it, I just saw it. 
 (Phoebe holds Piper's plane ticket and tries to have a premonition. It works.) 
 Phoebe: I can't believe it. 
 Prue: Found it. (She snatches Piper's plane ticket off Phoebe.) 
 Piper: Thank God. Didn't you hear me looking for this? What are you doing on the furniture? 
 Phoebe: No, you don't understand. I've been practicing how to call a premonition and I did it. I saw a future event. Oh, and that's the good news, the bad news is I saw you missing your flight. 
 Piper: Oh, great. If I don't get to Honolulu for the convention, my boss will fire me. 
 Prue: Well, we can't let that happen especially since my job is hanging by a thread as it is. 
 Phoebe: Since when? 
 Prue: Oh, since all the demon hunting time off I've been taking lately. 
 Piper: I am so behind. I didn't go shopping, or pay the bills, or call the cable guy, or cancel my hair appointment. 
 Phoebe: Don't worry, sweetie, I'll do it. 
 Piper: You sure? 
 Prue: Yeah, I mean, you've got time right? Okay, so listen, we have stopped Phoebe's premonitions from coming true before, hopefully we can do it again. Let's go. 
 Piper: Okay, but wait, whoa, whoa! I just realised the two of you haven't really ever been alone together. 
 Phoebe: Piper, we're big girls now. I don't think we need you as a buffer anymore. 
 Piper: Alright, what about demon stuff, what if something happens and you need the power of three. 
 Prue: Well, then the power of two will just have to do. 
 Phoebe: Good one. 
 Prue: Alright, let's go. Um, hey Phoebe, will you pick up my dry cleaning on the way back from the market please. 
 Piper: And talk to the gardeners about the weeds. 
 Prue: Oh, and light bulbs, we need light bulbs. 
 Phoebe: Sure, I'll just add it to my list.  
 Piper: Great, thanks, bye. 
 Prue: Go, go, go. 
 (They leave.) 
 Phoebe: I'm not even married and already I'm a house wife. (The phone rings.) Hello. Hey, Mary-Anne. Oh, geez, I completely forgot about Alcatraz. I can't go, I have a million errands to run. You know, I, I'll be right over. 
 (She scrunches up the list and throws it away.) 
 [Scene: Alcatraz.] 
 Soul collector: You don't seriously plan on spending the rest of eternity around here do you? 
 Jackson: I'll find a way off this rock on my own, don't worry. 
 Soul collector: Who are you kidding, Jackson? You've been stuck here ever since they executed you. Thirty-six years trapped between life and death. 
 Jackson: Big deal. I've learned how to do things in that time. Break the physical plane. Prepare for my revenge. 
 Soul collector: Revenge. How mortal. 
 Jackson: Go to hell. 
 Soul collector: That's what I do. Only never alone. I ferry souls there. Everyone I can get my little hands on so to speak. 
 Jackson: Yeah, well, you're not going to get your little hands on this one lady so just forget it. 
 Soul collector: Don't worry Jackson, I don't want your soul. I want a witch's. They're prize catches. Trophies. 
 Jackson: So what's that got to do with me? 
 Soul collector: If you let me get you off the island, get your revenge, witches will try to stop you. And the only way to do that is to become vulnerable to me. Then I'll have them right where I want them. Speaking of witches ... 
 (A group of people including Phoebe are coming.) 
 Tour Guide: Twenty-eight inmates died here, nine by attempting to escape, four by execution. Legend has it, that one of them still haunts this prison to this very day. The ghost of Alcatraz. Believed to reside in this very cell. 
 Man: The ghost ... oh, geez. (He laughs.) 
 Tour Guide: Let's see if his in shall we? (He opens the cell and goes inside and closes the door.) Now if you listen closely, you can actually hear the ghost cries. Shh. There. Here him? 
 Jackson: What an idiot. 
 Ghost: Look at him as you get off jail free card. (She does something and the tour guide drops dead.) 
 Mary-Anne: Oh my God. 
 Pheobe: Mary-Anne call 911, quick! What did you do? Who are you? 
 Jackson: You can see me? 
 Soul collector: Forget her now. There's your ride off the island. Hop in. 
 Phoebe: Oh, no. No! 
 (Jackson goes in the tour guide.) 
 Soul collector: Hope you enjoy the tour. See ya. 
 Opening Credits 
 [Scene: Bucklands.] 
 Claire: In all honesty, Prue, if it weren't for you, I'm not sure the auction house would of been able to stay above bankruptcy. 
 Prue: Thank you. 
 Claire: No, don't thank me yet. I've tolerated your unexplained absences and the endless family emergencies but no more. Buyers interested in purchasing Bucklands will be visiting in the next two days and it's important that we make a big impression. It's important that you make a big impression if you expect to keep your job. Do I make myself clear? 
 Prue: Perfectly. 
 (Monique opens the door.) 
 Monique: I'm sorry, Prue, but your sister's on the phone. 
 Prue: Ah, I'll call her back. 
 Monique: She says it's an emergency. 
 (Prue gets the phone.) 
 Phoebe: Hey, have you ever heard of the ghost of Alcatraz? 
 Prue: Are you kidding? This is why you pulled me out of a meeting? 
 Phoebe: No, Prue, you don't understand. I think the ghost really exists. 
 Prue: Did you see it? 
 Phoebe: Ah, of course not, I mean how could I? I wasn't at Alcatraz. I had way too much work around here to do. 
 Prue: So, then what makes you think there was a ghost? 
 Phoebe: Uh, my friend saw it. Mary-Anne. You know Mary-Anne. Actually, she thinks she saw two ghosts or the other one may be something else. She's not really sure. 
 Prue: Phoebe. 
 Phoebe: What? Witches aren't the only people that can see ghosts. Normal people can too. Anyway, I did some research and found out that some evil spirits need a dead body to transport them across water. 
 (Claire impatiently stands at the doorway.) 
 Prue: Okay, look, I am really sorry that the furnace exploded but you are just gonna have to handle it on your own. Okay? 
 Phoebe: Okay, Prue, if this ghost is on the mainland ... 
 Prue: (Quietly and quickly) Don't forget to buy tampons at the market. (She hangs up.) 
 Phoebe: Hello? 
 Prue: (to Claire) Just, uh, ... (she makes an exploding noise) Singed eyebrows. 
 [Scene: Police station.] 
 Morris: Did you take some of the old case files home by any chance, Andy? 
 Andy: No, why? 
 Morris: We're missing a couple. Hope the captain's already been in them. You wanna talk about it? 
 Andy: Talk about what? 
 Morris: About why you've been walking around here like a zombie lately. Like, ever since you ran into Prue again. Come on, what's up? 
 Andy: I wish I could tell you, I really do. I just have to work things out on my own first. 
 Inspector Blakely: Okay, you guys are the experts on the freaky cases, figure this one out. A victim was stabbed thirteen times in the chest. Circular pattern. CSI combed the scene and other than the knife, found no evidence. Check this out. 
 (She shows the a photo of the knife.) 
 Andy: Solid thumbprint. 
 Inspector Blakely: Yeah, but we didn't get it from dusting. We got it from florascoping. 
 Morris: Ultra violet fingerprint. Never heard of that. 
 Inspector Blakely: We ran the print. This is where it gets freaky. It matches up to Jackson Ward, the serial killer that was executed in Alcatraz thirty-six years ago. 
 Andy: Are you sure about this? 
 Inspector Blakely: Checked it twice. 
 Morris: Dead guy's print on a murder weapon. It's gotta be a mistake. 
 Andy: Can I borrow this? 
 Inspector Blakely: Whoa, where you going? 
 [Scene: Halliwell house.] 
 Prue: Phoebe, I'm home. (She sees all the dirty dishes still in the sink and looks in the fridge. It's empty.) Phoebe, you didn't go to the market yet? 
 Phoebe: Uh, no, I sort of got side tracked with this ghost research. Besides, there isn't enough money in the house hold account. 
 Prue: Well, you should of told me and I would of got some transferred in. What about the dry cleaning? 
 Phoebe: I will do it tomorrow, I swear. 
 Prue: I wanted to wear that suit to work tomorrow. 
 Phoebe: Look, I know that I promised but this just seemed more important. We're not gonna get into a fight already are we? I mean, I wouldn't want to prove Piper right. 
 (The doorbell rings. Prue answers it.) 
 Prue: Andy, hi. 
 Andy: Hi. 
 Prue: I was wondering whether I'd see you again. I thought you might be mad at me. 
 Andy: No, I just needed some space. It's one thing suspect what your secret was, it's another thing to actually see it with my own eyes. 
 Prue: So does that mean that you're okay with it? 
 Andy: Actually, I'm here on a case, a kind of case where frankly before, I probably would've been looking for a more logical explanation. 
 Prue: Well, come on in. (They go inside.) What's the case? 
 Andy: The son of a former D.A. was brutally murdered. The only quote on quote evidence points to the last man executed on Alcatraz before it was closed down. 
 Phoebe: Jackson Ward. 
 Andy: How did you know that? 
 Prue: Yeah, how did you know that? 
 Phoebe: I told you, I was trying to figure out who the ghost of Alcatraz was, remember? Jackson Ward was at the top of the list. 
 Andy: Ghost? 
 Phoebe: Yeah. Hey, what's that? (She points to the picture of the knife.) 
 Andy: Ultra violet finger print. Although technically there's no such thing. 
 Phoebe: Could be the ghosts ectoplasm. It's outside the visual spectrum. Book of Shadows. 
 Andy: Ectoplasm. 
 Phoebe: Yeah. It's the ghosts skin. Hey, do you have a picture of this Ward guy? (He shows her the picture.) Yep, that's him. Exactly how Mary-Anne described him to be. Amazing. 
 Prue: (a little suspicious) Very. 
 Phoebe: And what about this former D.A. son. Did Ward know him? 
 Andy: Ward knew his father. He's the prosecutor that convicted him. 
 Phoebe: Coincidence? I think not. It's got to be the ghost that got off Alcatraz. 
 Prue: You know, speaking of coincidence's. Don't you think it's an awfully big one that your friend saw this ghost? 
 Phoebe: Prue, if we've learned anything by now, it's that there aren't any coincidences, right? 
 Prue: Right. (Andy's staring out the window.) Andy, are you alright? 
 Andy: I don't know. Just getting used to the idea of demons and witches. I don't know if I'm ready for ghosts too. 
 Phoebe: You ain't seen nothing yet. 
 Prue: Pheebs. 
 Andy: But if you're right, if it is the ghost of Jackson Ward that is the killer, how do I stop him from killing again? 
 [Scene: Court house. Judge Renault's office. Jackson walks through the door. He turns off the light and Judge Renault turns on his desk lamp.] 
 Jackson: Judge Renault. Long time, no see. You could of shown me some mercy giving me life in prison. You wanted me put to death. (Jackson picks up the name plate.) 
 Judge: What's going on? Who's there? (Jackson pulls his tie so it chokes him.) 
 Jackson: Do you have any idea how long it takes, how much you suffer, what a cruel life of immoral damage? 
 (He gets a letter opener and stabs the judge. The woman ghost appears.) 
 Soul collector: I helped you get your revenge. Now it's your turn to help me get a witch. 
 Jackson: Are you kidding lady? I'm just getting started. 
 Commercial Break 
 [Scene: Judge Renault's office. All the police are there.] 
 Morris: Thirteen stabs in a circular pattern just like the other victim. 
 Andy: Matches Jackson's M.O. too. 
 Morris: Must be a complicated killer. 
 Andy: I wouldn't know, the M.O. was never released to the public. Can I see that? (the letter opener) 
 CSI detective: I've already dusted for prints and nothing. 
 Andy: Did you florascope it? 
 CSI detective: What? (Andy gets a florascoper, holds it above the letter opener and the ultra violet finger print shows up.) What the hell is that? 
 Andy: Don't ask. (to Morris) Ten bucks says it matches Ward's. 
 Morris: Don't go jumping off the deep end on me okay. Jackson Ward is dead. Been like that a long way now. 
 Andy: Well, someone's going around killing people or the descendants people that put him away. 
 Morris: Where you going? 
 Andy: Look, have someone put together a list of potential victims or anyone that had to do with his conviction. 
 Morris: Andy, wait! 
 [Scene: Bucklands. The clients are there waiting. They look at their watches.] 
 Claire: I'm sure Prue will be here shortly. She has a lot of family emergencies. 
 (Prue enters the room.) 
 Prue: Oh, Claire, I am so sorry. 
 Claire: Prue, let me introduce you. This is Mr. Yakihama, head of requisitions, Mr Yakihama this is Prue Halliwell, one of our top specialists. 
 Prue: Hi. Nice to meet you sir. 
 Mr Yakihama: Nice to meet you too. I trust that everything is alright with your family. 
 (Monique enters with Andy behind her.) 
 Monique: Excuse me, Prue. 
 Prue: Not now, Monique. 
 Claire: May I help you? 
 Andy: Yeah, I need to see Miss Halliwell. Police business. 
 Prue: Excuse me. (They walk outside the room.) Are you trying to get me fired? 
 Andy: I think Jackson Ward is killing again, Prue. 
 Prue: Great. Just great. You wait here a second. I'll take care of everything. (She walks back in the room.) Hi. 
 [Scene: Halliwell house. Phoebe's in the attic looking through the Book of Shadows.] 
 Prue: (from downstairs) Phoebe? 
 Phoebe: Yeah, I'm in the attic. 
 (Prue enters with Andy behind her.) 
 Andy: I always wondered what was up here. 
 Phoebe: Prue, the Book of Shad-a-ba-bows. (She tries to hide it.)  
 Prue: No, no, no. It's okay, I already told him about it. Look, Jackson Ward has killed again, we have to figure out a way to stop them. Have you found anything? 
 Phoebe: Not really, I mean, there is so many references in here. There's ghosts, poltergeists, evil spirits, phantasms. We are not dealing with a typical demon. 
 Prue: Yeah, well, there has to be something in here about vanquishing an evil spirit. 
 Phoebe: Well, actually there is one spell but I don't think we're gonna want to use it. 
 Prue: Why not? I mean, if it needs the power of three we an always call Piper, right? 
 Phoebe: No, that's not the problem. The problem is an evil spirit can't be vanquished on the physical plane. Only the astral plane . His plane. 
 Prue: Okay, so then how do we say the spell? 
 Phoebe: Our spirits would have to say it. Meaning one of us would have to die for it to work. 
 Prue: Keep looking. 
 Phoebe: Right. 
 Andy: I always believed there was a world behind or beyond this one, you can sort of believe in demons. But I would never in my wildest dreams, I would of never imagined that this existed. 
 Prue: Yeah, neither did we. But we've come to believe that there's a reason why that world opened up to us. Which means there's probably a good reason why it opened up to you. 
 Phoebe: Welcome, to our little shop of horrors. 
 (The Book of Shadows starts flipping pages.) 
 Andy: Are you doing that? 
 Prue: No, it just sometimes does it on its own. (It opens up to the truth spell. Andy looks at it.) 
 Andy: The truth spell? 
 Phoebe: That's weird that it would opened up to that page with Andy standing right here. 
 Prue: There has to be a mistake. (She turns the pages.) 
 Phoebe: Or maybe there's a reason, Prue. (She turns the pages back to the truth spell.) 
 [They are now going down the stairs.] 
 Andy: You did what last year? 
 Prue: Look, I just wanted to see how you would react to finding out I was a witch. 
 Andy: So you cast a truth spell on me. Why didn't you just ask? 
 Prue: Oh, because I was afraid you'd freak out on me. Which is exactly what you did by the way you just don't remember. 
 Andy: Wait a minute. My reaction to you being a witch isn't the reason why we stopped seeing each other is it? 
 Prue: You're the one who wanted to stop seeing me first. 
 Andy: Because you wouldn't tell me what your secret was. 
 Prue: Yeah, which turned out to be a good thing considering how you reacted. 
 Andy: Freaked out. 
 Prue: Exactly. Kinda like what you're doing right now. 
 Andy: You haven't answered my question. Did that have anything to do with why we stopped seeing each other? 
 Prue: Sorta. Okay, yeah it did. 
 Andy: And just out of curiosity. How much time did you give me to react anyway? 
 Prue: A minute ... or two. 
 Andy: A minute?! 
 Prue: Or two, it, it was a twenty-four hour spell alright, I was against the clock. 
 Andy: And that's what you based your entire decision about us on? Prue, I've had a week to react to you this time. Is still don't know how I feel. You should of given me more time, I think I deserve that, I think we deserve that. 
 (Phoebe comes down the stairs.) 
 Phoebe: Hey, you guys, since we don't know how to vanquish the ghost we have to stop him from killing his next ... am I interrupting something? 
 Andy: No, we're done. What do you mean stop him killing his next victim? How do we do that? 
 Phoebe: I have a power too, you know. 
 [Scene: Police station.] 
 Andy: Excuse me. Inspector Andrew Trudeau. I need the murder weapon for case R13658. 
 Officer: Sign that. I'll got get it. 
 (He gets it.) 
 Andy: Thanks. (He leaves. The officer calls someone on the phone.) 
 Officer: Yeah, you told me to call if Trudeau showed. Yeah, he just left. 
 [Cut to office.] 
 Andy: Get the list of potential victims yet? 
 Morris: Still working on it. It's a lot of names. Especially when you add in the descendants. Where you been? 
 Andy: You don't wanna know. 
 Morris: Really? Try me. 
 Andy: Maybe later okay. I'll take what you got so far, I'll check back later. 
 Morris: We're partners, Andy. That means we work together. 
 Andy: I know. This is an exception. 
 (He leaves.) 
 Inspector Rodriguez: Inspector Morris. Inspector Rodriguez and Anderson, internal affairs. We need to talk to you about your partner. 
 [Cut to the car. Andy gets in.] 
 Andy: Okay, I got it. That's what Ward used to kill the judge. (He hands Phoebe the letter opener.) How exactly is this goind to work again? 
 Phoebe: Well, I've been practicing calling my power and if the psychic energy is strong enough on this. I should be able to see a future event. 
 Prue: Hopefully Jackson Ward's next victim. 
 Phoebe: Hopefully. It doesn't always work. (She holds the letter opener and has a premonition.) Oh my God. 
 Prue: Are you alright? 
 Phoebe: I uh, I didn't just see it Prue, I felt it, her pain, her terror. 
 Andy: Anyone of these look familiar? (He hands her some pictures. She looks through them and picks one out.) Iris Beiderman. The fourth person on the jury that convicted him. 
 [Scene: Iris Beiderman's place. Jackson is just about to stab her when Andy kicks open the door. Phoebe kicks the knife out of Jackson's hand.] 
 Jackson: You again. 
 Prue: You again? What you two have met? 
 Andy: Where is he? Is he still here? 
 Prue: Yeah, he's right there. Point him out Prue. 
 Jackson: You can't keep saving her forever. 
 Andy: Prue, what's going on? 
 Jackson: Or the others. Or yourselves. 
 Andy: Prue. (Jackson leaves.) 
 Commercial Break 
 
 
 
 [Scene: Halliwell house.] 
 Prue: I can not believe you lied to me and I can not believe I had to hear about it from a ghost. 
 Phoebe: I already apologised for that okay. 
 Prue: I just don't understand why you couldn't tell me the truth, especially about something as stupid as going to Alcatraz. 
 Phoebe: I didn't tell you the truth because I knew you'd go ballistic and I thought I'd save myself the drama. 
 Prue: Why would I go ballistic over that? 
 Phoebe: Come on, Prue, give me a break. Just admit it. Why are you really mad at me? 
 Prue: Because you lied to me. 
 Phoebe: No. You're really mad at me because as far as your concerned I was slacking off yesterday. Which is pretty much what I do everyday, right? 
 Prue: Where is this coming from? 
 Phoebe: It's coming from the fact that I know you're really pissed because I didn't do the grocery shopping or pick up your dry cleaning, or whatever else that you put on that stupid list. 
 Prue: I am sorry that I asked you to do things around the house because I have to work. 
 Phoebe: See? Time it ladies and gentlemen it took a whole sixty seconds before the 'W' word reared its ugly head. 
 Prue: What are you talking about? 
 Phoebe: I'm talking about how you and Piper just automatically assume that I'll take care of the house because I don't have a real job. 
 Prue: Now that's not true. 
 Phoebe: Oh no? Prue, when was the last time you went grocery shopping, or vacuumed the house, or waited for the cable guy to show up, which by the way if I were paid by the hour I'd be a millionaire by now. 
 Prue: I can not believe how you're turning this around. 
 Phoebe: I can not believe you're pretending that you don't have a problem. 
 Prue: I don't. 
 Phoebe: Okay, well, you know what? You just proved my point ... my other point which is I get absolutely no credit for all that I do around here. It's just assumed that I'll do it. Like that crack that you made to Piper yesterday morning. "Don't worry Piper, Phoebe'll do it she's got time." 
 Prue: You do. 
 Phoebe: Yes, and that's exactly my point my main point. You are mad at me because I don't work. 
 Prue: Okay, maybe you're right. 
 Phoebe: And that's why I lied. (The phone rings.) Hello. 
 Piper: Hey, Phoebe, how's it going? 
 Phoebe: Hey, Piper, how's Hawaii? 
 Piper: I don't know, I haven't stopped working since I got off the plane. 
 Phoebe: Sure, rub it in. 
 Piper: Excuse me? 
 Phoebe: Nothing. Hey, can I call you back? I'm sort of in the middle of something right now. 
 Piper: Sure, I just wanted to make sure you guys were alright. Do you miss me? 
 Phoebe: More than you know, sweetie. 
 Piper: Good. I love you. 
 Phoebe: I love you too. 
 Piper: Bye. 
 Phoebe: Bye. (She hangs up.) 
 Prue: Why didn't you tell her about Jackson Ward? 
 Phoebe: Why worry her? The power of three can't vanquish him. It's up to us. 
 Prue: Look, Phoebe, obviously we have some issues to deal with and they're not gonna be resolved over night. So, in the mean time we need to figure out a way to stop Jackson Ward before he hurts anymore innocent people, okay? 
 Phoebe: I agree. 
 Prue: So, did we actually just reach a compromise? (Phoebe rolls her eyes.) 
 [Scene: Police station.] 
 Andy: We're gonna put you up in a hotel for a while Mrs. Beiderman on a police protection. At least until we catch who was trying to hurt you. 
 Mrs. Beiderman: I'm not crazy am I? You saw it too didn't you? 
 Andy: Yeah, I did. Let's just keep it our little secret for now, okay? 
 Morris: Who was that? 
 Andy: Someone who got attacked. 
 Morris: Attacked? By who? Why? (He sees the sheet of paper with Iris Beiderman's information on it.) Iris Beiderman. Jury four person who helped convict Ward. Now how about that. 
 Andy: Look, Morris. 
 Morris: Don't 'look Morris' me man. You go flying out of here with that file and you just happened to come back with somebody in that file that just happened to be attacked. Tell me what's going on. 
 Andy: I told you I can't. I'm sorry. 
 Morris: Well, fine, whatever, it's your funeral. 
 Andy: What's that suppose to mean? 
 Morris: He told me not to say anything to you. 
 Andy: Who did? 
 Morris: Internal Affairs. They got you in their crosshairs. Interviewed me for over two hours. Wouldn't tell me what it's about. Asked a lot of questions about you. Watch your back, bro. 
 [Scene: Halliwell house. Phoebe and Prue are looking through the Book of Shadows.] 
 Phoebe: It's the same story. One of us would have to literally die on order to vanquish the evil spirit. Any volunteers? 
 Prue: Actually maybe. But before that we need to figure out a way to find Ward first. I mean, we can't count on you saying it's his next victim even though Andy left us the letter opener to try. 
 Phoebe: Wait a minute. I think that there's something in here about luring evil spirits. A potion. (She finds the page.) To lure an evil spirit. Mix equal parts of mercury and acid with the blood of one of the spirit's victims, pour it over his grave. Okay, that's disgusting. 
 Prue: Yeah, alright, we can get the blood from the letter opener but how are we gonna find Ward's grave? 
 Phoebe: You know what? I read on the web, his ashes were interred at his family mausoleum in Palo Alto. 
 Prue: Right, just might work. 
 Phoebe: Yeah, if it does work, he'll be coming after us. 
 [Scene: Cemetery.] 
 Prue: Oh, I hate cemetery's at night. 
 Phoebe: I hate cemetery's at day. (They hear a noise.) What was that? 
 Prue: Ah, probably a zombie or vampire. 
 Phoebe: Great, where's Buffy when you need her? 
 Prue: Okay, perfect, there it is, Jackson Ward. Do you have the picture? (Prue looks at the picture and Phoebe's written on it.) Hey, Jackson, let's party? 
 Phoebe: Okay, well, I couldn't think of anything else to write. Can we just do this and hurry? 
 Prue: Okay. (Prue throws the potion on and the plaque starts to melt.) Okay, okay, alright, let's go. 
 [Cut to Jackson. He's in pain. He looks at his chest and it looks as if his skin is melting. The soul collector appears.] 
 Jackson: What's happening? 
 Soul collector: Witchcraft. Sucks doesn't it? You should've helped me get to them before when I asked. 
 Jackson: How do I get to them now? 
 Soul collector: Visit your grave. 
 [Scene: Police station. Andy is at his desk. He's getting Prue's file and puts it in his bag. He goes outside and rings their house. The answering machine is on.] 
 Andy: Prue, it's Andy. I gotta give you something and you gotta get it outta there. I'll explain when I get there. (The two I.A. guys show up.) 
 Inspector Rodriguez: Inspector Trudeau. Internal Affairs. Let's talk. 
 Commercial Break 
 [Scene: Internal Affairs and Andy are in the office.] 
 Inspector Rodriguez: Series of women murdered with an occult knife, prime suspect missing. Series of victims with curious holes burned in their foreheads, prime suspect missing. Victims found in a locked room with every bone in their body broken. Victims literally scared to death. The list goes on and on. You know what they all have in common? 
 Andy: We've been through this already. 
 Inspector Rodriguez: They're all unsolved cases, Trudeau. They're all yours and Morris'. 
 Andy: We've solved plenty of other cases. 
 Inspector Anderson: But you haven't solved these. 
 Inspector Rodriguez: So the question is why? What are you hiding? 
 Andy: I'm not hiding anything. (They show him a picture of him getting the letter opener.) You guys spy on your wives too. 
 Inspector Rodriguez: Why'd you check the murder weapon out, Inspector? 
 Andy: I was following a hunch. 
 Inspector Rodriguez: Really? Or were you following a ghost? Word's out Trudeau. You specialise in the ... what did Inspector Blakely call it? 
 Inspector Anderson: The freaky cases. 
 Inspector Rodriguez: The freaky cases. You're a good cop. I've seen your jacket. Up until last year you were headed for captain. Now you got all these weird unsolved cases. What happened to you, man? What changed? Are covering for someone, is that it? Morris maybe? 
 Andy: Don't hang this on Morris. 
 Inspector Rodriguez: Then who do we hang it on? 
 Andy: Look, I told you my story, you don't believe me you take my hard wear right now and you charge me. Otherwise, drop dead. (He storms out the room.) 
 [Scene: Halliwell house. Prue's making a potion.] 
 Phoebe: Maybe it didn't work, maybe he's not coming. 
 Prue: Well, at least if he is coming, we are definitely ready for him. 
 Phoebe: What exactly is that? 
 Prue: One killer cocktail. Literally. Little bit of oleander, St Jensen weed, bloodwort, among with other things. Stops the heart immediately. 
 Phoebe: Okay, now you're scaring me. Where did you learn to do that? 
 Prue: Book of Shadows. 
 Phoebe: Where? Under Dr. Kavorkian? 
 Prue: Whoever takes it can be revived by C.P.R. The only catch is it has to be done within four minutes to avoid brain damage. 
 Phoebe: Okay, Prue, that's a pretty big catch. 
 Prue: Yeah, well, it's the only way to say the spell. It's the only chance we have of setting Ward where he belongs. 
 Phoebe: But who does it? How do we decide that? 
 Prue: I'll do it. 
 Phoebe: No. (She gets a coin.) Call it heads or tails and no fair using your power. 
 Prue: Tails. (The coin lands on tails.) I win. 
 Phoebe: You mean you lose. 
 Prue: Oh, well, only if you don't revive me. 
 Phoebe: No pressure. 
 Prue: Phoebe, I have total confidence in you. 
 Phoebe: I'm scared Prue. I mean, I'm really scared. I think we've gone too far this time. 
 Prue: We're doing what we have to do. 
 Phoebe: I wish Piper were here. The swing vote, the voice of reason. 
 Prue: Phoebe, I never realised how much I probably do take you for granted and not just for what you do around the house either. 
 Phoebe: You're just saying that 'cause you're about to die. 
 Prue: No, you were right about last night, I was upset because I thought you were slacking off but the truth is you weren't. You were trying to find out who the ghost was and thank God you did. 
 Phoebe: Yeah, but I totally over reacted. I mean, I'm the one that's upset with myself for not working for a living. 
 Prue: You do work. 
 Phoebe: I know Prue, I work around the house, but I want a job, a real job. 
 Prue: And you will find one. When you're ready. 
 Phoebe: I can't remember the last time we talked liked this. (They hug. The phone rings.) 
 Claire: Prue, it's Claire, you're late, you're fired. (Jackson walks through the wall and smashes something. He throws it.) 
 Prue: Phoebe, duck! 
 Phoebe: Okay, Prue, I got him, you just hurry. 
 (Prue drinks the cocktail while Phoebe fights Jackson. Jackson hits Phoebe over the head and is knocked unconscious. Prue collapses to the floor.) 
 Jackson: You're making this too easy, lady. (He gets a metal cake server. Prue's spirit floats out of her body.) What the hell's going on? 
 Prue: Ashes to ashes, spirit to spirit, take his soul, banish this evil. 
 Jackson: No! 
 [Cut to the door.] 
 Andy: Prue, you home? (He sees Phoebe lying on the floor.) 
 Prue: Ashes to ashes, spirit to spirit, take his soul, banish this evil. 
 (Jackson starts fading away.) 
 Jackson: No! No! 
 (Andy goes in the kitchen.) 
 Andy: Prue! (He starts giving her C.P.R.) 
 Prue: Andy, don't. Not yet. 
 Jackson: It's even better, I get to kill a cop too. 
 Prue: Andy, behind you. (Andy looks behind him and grabs the cake server.) Ashes to ashes, spirit to spirit, take his soul, banish this evil. (Jackson yells and disappears. The soul collector appears.) Who are you? 
 Soul collector: I was hoping to take you or your sister. But it looks like you soul is safe. For now. (She disappears. Andy is still doing C.P.R. Prue's spirit enters back in her body. She wakes up.) 
 Andy: Slow breaths. 
 Prue: Am I alive? 
 Andy: Yeah, you are. Thank God. (Phoebe wakes up.) 
 Phoebe: What happened? Is the ghost toast? 
 [Scene: Bucklands.] 
 Claire: I'm sorry, Prue, but I've made up my mind. 
 Prue: Claire, you can not fire me. I love this job, I need this job. 
 Claire: I told you I wouldn't tolerate anymore unexplained absences. 
 (Andy barges in.) 
 Andy: Excuse me Miss Price, I'm sorry to interrupt but I just wanted to stop by and say thank you. 
 Claire: Thank you, Inspector? 
 Andy: For letting me borrow Miss Halliwell. See, an Asian gang went smuggling exotic jewellery and antiques. She helped us set up a sting plus the operation. 
 Claire: Really? Prue never mentioned any of this before. 
 Andy: Well, she couldn't compromise her cover. You welcome to call my superior Inspector Morris and file for a reimbursement claim if you like. 
 Claire: No, that won't be necessary. 
 Andy: (to Prue) As soon as you're done here we need to talk. 
 Prue: I think I'm more than done here. (They walk towards the door.) 
 Claire: Oh, ah, Prue. Don't forget our lunch with the investor's. Wouldn't want you to be late. 
 Prue: I won't be. Thanks. (They go into Prue's office.) I can not believe you did that. 
 Andy: It's the least I can do. After all, you did help us bust someone. Sure, he was already dead, but still. 
 Prue: Well, thank you. 
 Andy: You're welcome. Listen, Prue, I've done some thinking about the truth spell and well, I'm still trying to work my feelings out but I've kinda come to the conclusion that no matter whether I had a minute, a month, or a year to think about it, it wouldn't change the truth. It may sound boring but I know someday I want a normal life to come home to. With a white picket fence, a two car garage, a screaming kid, but no demons. Maybe it's because of all the evil I deal with everyday on the job. 
 Prue: You don't have to explain, I understand. Believe me I wouldn't want to come home to it either if I could avoid it but I can't. You can. (They hug.) 
 [Scene: Halliwell house. Phoebe and Prue are bringing the groceries in the kitchen.] 
 Phoebe: So did you burn Andy's file like he suggested? 
 Prue: Yeah, you should of seen it. It turns out he knew a lot more about us then he's letting on. 
 Phoebe: Still doesn't explain how he could hear a ghost. 
 Prue: What do you mean? 
 Phoebe: Well, when you were a spirit you said you yelled out to him and that's what made him turn around in time. How could he hear you? 
 Prue: I don't know. 
 (Piper enters the room.) 
 Piper: Hi. 
 Phoebe: Piper, yay, I thought you weren't coming back until tomorrow. 
 Piper: I took an earlier flight. I had this terrible feeling you guys were um ... 
 Prue: What? 
 Piper: Oh, I don't know, at each other's throats maybe. 
 Prue: Us? 
 Phoebe: Are you kidding? 
 Piper: So nothing happened while I was gone? 
 Phoebe: No, just the same old boring stuff. Hey, you need a hand? 
 Prue: Uh, yeah, that would be great, thanks Pheebs. (They start putting the groceries away.) 
 End 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 