Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x13 - From Fear to Eternity - Charmed 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x13 - From Fear to Eternity https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=21&t=4967 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/24/99 06:35 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x13 - From Fear to Eternity 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Written by: Tony Blake and Paul Jackson 
 Transcribed by: Shay Fitzpatrick 
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 [Scene: Occult shop. Prue and Phoebe are there.] 
 Tanjella: Excuse me, but I'm getting ready to close now. 
 Prue: Oh, I'm sorry. I thought that you were open until 1:00. 
 Tanjella: Normally I am, but not on the evil Friday the 13th. In fact, I kinda wanna be closed by midnight. 
 Prue: Alright, well, we won't be much longer will we, Pheebs? 
 Phoebe: Okay, okay. So, input?  
 (She holds up a necklace.) 
 Prue: Nice. Let's go.  
 Phoebe: It's nice? That's it? Maybe I should look for another one.  
 Prue: Phoebe, the woman wants to close.  
 Phoebe: I know, I know, but choosing the right good luck charm is a very big decision.  
 Prue: If they all bring good luck, what's the worse that can happen if you pick the wrong one?  
 Pheobe: Alright, you know, this is why I like shopping with Piper. 
 (They walk up to the counter and hands the necklace to Tanjella.) 
 Tanjella: Okay, you want me to put this on Piper's order? 
 Phoebe: Uh, no, I'll pay separately. 
 Tanjella: Cash or charge? 
 Phoebe: (to Prue) Uh, will you put it on a credit card for me? I will pay you back. And tomorrow I have a job interview and... 
 Prue: And the good luck charm is going to help you get the job. How much? 
 Tanjella: $25.50 plus tax. 
 Prue: Okay. 
 Tanjella: Oh, but you get 10% off if you sign the mailing list. 
 Phoebe: See? Good luck already. 
 (Phoebe writes down their names.) 
 Tanjella: If you're interested, we're having a Wicca gathering for the spring equinox. 
 Prue: What makes you think that we would be interested? 
 Tanjella: Most witches are. 
 Prue: We never said that we were witches. 
 Phoebe: (to Prue under her breath) Do you think she knows? 
 Prue: (under her breath) How could she? 
 (The clock strikes twelve.) 
 Tanjella: Could you please hurry? 
 Phoebe: Is there a problem? 
 Tanjella: I told you I just, I want to be closed by midnight. 
 Prue: Wow, you really take this Friday the 13th stuff seriously. 
 Tanjella: Yeah, you should too. Especially this one. 
 Phoebe: And why is that? 
 Tanjella: Because once every thirteen hundred years, there's a universal convergence of negative energy on Friday the 13th and this is the year. 
 Prue: Of course it is. 
 Tanjella: Did you hear that? The clock struck thirteen. It's starting already. 
 Phoebe: Good night, Tanjella. 
 (They grab the necklace and leave.) 
 [Cut to outside. Prue and Phoebe get in the car and drive off. Smoke rises out of the sewer and Barbas appears.] 
 [Cut back inside. Tanjella is blowing out the candles. She turns off the light. Barbas knocks on the door.] 
 Tanjella: Sorry, we're closed. (Barbas knocks on the door again.) I said we're closed. 
 (Barbas walks through the door like a ghost.) 
 Barbas: Not to me, witch. 
 Tanjella: Oh my God. 
 (Tanjella picks up an amulet.) 
 Barbas: Amulet's don't work with this demon. (He passes his hand in front of her face.) Your greatest fear is being buried alive in an earthquake. (The room starts shaking and things fall off the shelves. Tanjella screams. Shelves fall down around her.) Yes. You can't run, you're frozen in fear. 
 (Tanjella stops screaming and she falls on the floor. She is dead and her hair has turned white. Barbas walks over to the mailing list. He passes his hand above it and half of the names disappear.) 
 Opening Credits 
 [Scene: Manor. Piper walks in the solarium holding a small box. She pulls out some necklaces and looks at them. She chooses one.] 
 [Time lapse. Piper and Phoebe walk out of the kitchen into the solarium.] 
 Phoebe: Think about it. When has she ever said it to you? 
 Piper: I don't remember exactly but I'm sure she must of. 
 Phoebe: Yeah, okay, try to think of a time, just one. Whenever I say it to her, she says something like, 'oh me too' or 'same here'. 
 Piper: You know, you're right.  
 Phoebe: Yeah. The girl cannot say the words 'I love you'. It's like some weird...  
 (Prue walks in.) 
 Prue: Morning. 
 Phoebe: Oh, good morning.  
 (Prue and Phoebe sit down.) 
 Prue: Oh, that outfit looks great on you.  
 Phoebe: Thank you for giving it to me.  
 Piper: Wait, you gave her that outfit?  
 Prue: Yeah, it was an early birthday present.  
 Phoebe: For the next three years.  
 Piper: Are you feeling okay?  
 (She touches Prue's forehead.) 
 Prue: I am fine. In fact, I had a wonderful dream about mum. 
 Piper: Oh, how great. What about? 
 Prue: Um, I was a little kid like four or five and I was reaching up holding her hand and she was taking me some place. I don't know where but it felt so safe. 
 Phoebe: I wish I had dreams like that.  
 Piper: Mum would have to knock before she came into your dreams.  
 Phoebe: Ooh! 
 (Prue yawns and Piper covers her mouth.) 
 Prue: What are you doing?  
 Piper: You have to cover your mouth when you yawn or you might let the Devil in. (Phoebe and Prue laugh.) Especially on Friday the 13th.  
 Prue: Is that amulet one of the things we picked up for you last night? 
 Piper: Yes. And this (she holds up a stone) and these. (She holds up the other necklaces.) We're having a superstition theme fundraiser at the restaurant today. I'm going to need all the help I can get. 
 Prue: Don't you think that you're over doing it just a little bit? 
 Piper: With all the warlocks and demons we've seen. I don't think so. 
 Prue: Piper, those things are real. Okay, superstitions are like old wives tales invented to explain somebody's misfortune.  
 Piper: Statistics show more bad things happen on Friday the 13th than any other day. I met Jeremy on Friday the 13th.  
 Phoebe: Really?  
 Piper: Yeah, and he tried to kill me. Afterwards I find out there's a superstition. That any relationship started on Friday the 13th is doomed. 
 Prue: More bad things happen on Friday the 13th because people put energy in believing bad things will happen. 
 Piper: Pheebs. 
 Phoebe: Actually, I prefer the upside of superstition. Good fortune, which is what I hope this (she holds up a coin) little honey brings me in my job interview with the real estate agency. Will you give me a lift? I'm running late. 
 Piper: Okay. (They start heading towards the doorway.) 
 Phoebe: Okay, well, have a great day, Prue. I love you. 
 Prue: Yeah, me too. 
 (Phoebe and Piper stop and look back at her. They look at each other and continue walking.) 
 [Cut to the other room.] 
 Piper: I wonder if she knows she does that? (They walk in the foyer and opens the door. Andy's there who was just about to knock.) Hey, Andy. 
 Andy: Hey. Is Prue in? 
 Phoebe: (calling out) Prue, there's a policeman here to see you. 
 Piper: See you later, Andy, we're running late. 
 (They leave. Andy walks in the living room. So does Prue.) 
 Prue: This must be bad news. 
 Andy: Why would you say that? 
 Prue: A little early for a social call. 
 Andy: You're right. We've had three suspicious deaths since midnight. All single females, all under thirty, one was a book store owner. Credit card company records show you were her last customer. 
 Prue: Oh my God. 
 Andy: You remember anything out of the ordinary? Suspicious characters hanging around? 
 Prue: No, Phoebe and I were the only ones in there. In fact, she was locking up when we left. 
 Andy: Was the place in order? 
 Prue: Yeah, why? 
 Andy: When we found her, her body was half buried in debris. But the coroner said it wasn't her injuries that killed her, it was a heart attack. 
 Prue: A heart attack? 
 Andy: Yeah, her hair had turned chalk white, her face was contorted in terror just like all the others. If I didn't know any better, I'd say literally scared to death. Do you visit occult book stores at midnight often? 
 Prue: No, of course not. Phoebe needed a good luck charm for her job interview today. It was very last minute. 
 Andy: His killings look like some weird ritualistic thing. The victims all had ties with the occult. You might consider shopping somewhere else. 
 Prue: Meaning? 
 Andy: Just be careful. 
 [Scene: Later on in the attic. Prue opens the Book Of Shadows.] 
 Prue: Friday the 13th. Friday the 13th. (She finds a page.) "The Demon of Fear appears once every thirteen hundred years on Friday the 13th. He feeds on the fears of young witches for his survival." Mum's handwriting. 
 Commercial Break 
 [Scene: Quake. Piper's standing there staring at Lucas. Prue stands behind her.] 
 Prue: Who's the guy? 
 (Piper turns to face Prue.) 
 Piper: Lucas Devane. He's chairing the fundraiser for the children's hospital. 
 Prue: Oh, right, I saw his picture in the magazine. Wasn't he named the Bay Area's most eligible bachelor? 
 Piper: Don't rub it in. 
 Prue: Hey, you're the one who's letting a silly superstition run her life. 
 Piper: Is he still looking over here? 
 Prue: Yeah. He's undressing you with his mind. (They start walking.) And he's down to white cotton. 
 Piper: I haven't worn white cotton since high school. (They approach a ladder.) Whoa! (They walk around it.) You, ---- me. Sorry, I had to rush off the phone. What's with the demon of fear? 
 Prue: Well, I found a page about him in the Book Of Shadows in mum's handwriting. 
 Piper: Mum's, are you sure? 
 Prue: Yeah, I'm sure. I checked it against the handwriting on the back of the spirit board. 
 (They sit down at the bar.) 
 Piper: Wow, this is the first time we've found anything mum's written in the book. 
 Prue: Well, she must have known that this demon would appear in our lifetime and she wanted to warn us against him.  
 Piper: I don't like the sound of that.  
 Prue: Well, if he can kill thirteen unmarried witches by midnight, he'll be free from the underworld to wreck his terror every single day.  
 Piper: Unmarried. Like being single doesn't have enough problems. So how can we stop him? 
 Prue: I don't know but he does kill by turning a witch's greatest fear against her. 
 Piper: Meaning? 
 Prue: The book doesn't say. But mum wrote that in the face of our greatest fear, our powers are paralised. 
 Piper: Wait a minute, we're on the most wanted list and we're defenseless? Didn't mum say anything about how to get rid of him? 
 Prue: Just to release our fear. 
 Piper: How do we do that? 
 Prue: I don't know. That's all she wrote. Look, I know that you're afraid of flying. 
 Piper: That's not really a fear, I just prefer buses. 
 Prue: Well, as long as you stay in a crowded restaurant you'll be fine. And since Phoebe's afraid of being trapped in an elevator, I'll tell her to take the stairs. 
 Piper: And you'll stay away from pools. Ever since mum died you've been terrified of the water. That's why you never took swimming lessons. We've always known that was the reason, it's okay. 
 Prue: Yeah, well, don't worry about me, I'll be fine. I've gotta go. 
 Piper: Call me when you get to Bucklands. 
 Prue: I'm not going to Bucklands. Mum warned us but there are others. 
 Piper: We don't know any other witches. 
 Prue: No, see, Tanjella gave me this flier for a wicca gathering and there's a woman named Zoe listed as a contact, I'm hoping that she can help. So just call Pheebs and let her know what's up, okay. 
 Piper: Okay. (Prue starts to walk away.) I love you. 
 Prue: Yep. 
 (Prue walks under the ladder.) 
 [Scene: SWA Properties. Phoebe's in her interview.] 
 Susan: As you can see we're a small firm but we've built a very successful business. 
 Phoebe: Oh, well, size doesn't matter to me. What does excite me though, is the chance to work with successful women. I mean, if I want to be a success who better to learn from right? 
 Susan: Oh, I like that. I've heard all I need to hear. When can you start? 
 Phoebe: Are you serious? I got the job? 
 Susan: I can spot talent when I see it. Um, can you start today? 
 Phoebe: Uh, yeah, yes of course. 
 (A guy walks in.) 
 Susan: Hi, honey. Give me a second. (He walks back out.) Here are the keys. Louise is out of town, I've got I'll be ----- So, all you have to do is answer the phone. 
 Phoebe: Making a romantic mid-week break? 
 Susan: Well, yeah. Um, which reminds me, there is one special task I'll need you to handle from time to time. If my husband calls, I'll need you to cover for me. 
 (Phoebe's eyes widen and she laughs nervously.) 
 Phoebe: Oh, uh, sure. 
 Susan: Our little secret? 
 Phoebe: Oh, of course. 
 Susan: Well, you have my pager number. Have fun. 
 Phoebe: Okay. (The employer leaves.) You too. 
 [Scene: Zoe's apartment. Barbas appears.] 
 Zoe: I thought you might come. But I have nothing for you here. 
 Barbas: Oh, you couldn't be more wrong, witch. You're all alone, that's all I need. 
 Zoe: You have no power over me. I have evolved powers to release all mortal fears. My inner strength will destroy you. (Barbas passes his hand across her face. Barbas makes the flame from a candle fall on the carpet. She tries to stamp it out with her foot.) 
 Barbas: You didn't release your fear of fire, you only repressed it. 
 (The fire spreads and flames surround her.) 
 Zoe: No, please. 
 Barbas: Save it for another life time. You're frozen in fear. 
 [Cut to outside. Prue knocks on the door.] 
 Prue: Hello? (Zoe screams and Prue uses her power to open the door. She walks inside and sees Zoe dead on the floor with white hair.) 
 Commercial Break 
 [Scene: Zoe's apartment. Police and photographer's are there. Andy walks up to Morris.] 
 Andy: Sorry I'm late. So what do we have? 
 Morris: The coroner said there are no burn marks on the body. She didn't die of smoke inhalation, her heart gave up just like the others. (He looks at Andy's shoes.) And I can't believe you're wearing the serial shoe again. 
 Andy: They're my good luck charm. 
 Morris: They're embarrassing. 
 Andy: This is the fifth woman with ties of the occult that's been found dead since midnight. Now tell me it's not the work of some serial nutcase. 
 Morris: I can't but it still doesn't mean those shoes aren't embarrassing. 
 Cop: (to Morris) Inspector, would you have a look at this? 
 (Morris goes to talk to the cop. Andy looks under the sheet that's covering the body. Morris comes back.) 
 Morris: Doorman, he says there was a signing log. Wanna guess who the last person was to see the victim? 
 Andy: I'm gonna guess the killer. 
 Morris: Prue. 
 [Scene: Quake. Prue, Phoebe and Piper are sitting at a table.] 
 Piper: What did you tell Andy? 
 Prue: I didn't talk to Andy. I didn't want him to know I was anywhere near there so I called 911 and I left. 
 Phoebe: Are you sure you're okay? 
 Prue: Yeah, it's just, uh, I can't get her face out of my mind, you know. There was so much fear and her hair was pure white, the terror that she must of felt. It's just... 
 Phoebe: Okay, I'm scared enough, thank you. So now what? 
 Piper: We avoid any place he can use to terrorise us. 
 Phoebe: And what about all the other witches? 
 Prue: Well, I took Zoe's day runner. Some of the names in there have got to be witches. I'll start making phone calls. 
 (Prue reaches for the salt and knocks the jar over spilling some salt.) 
 Piper: Oh, oh, quick. Throw some over your shoulder. 
 Prue: Don't be ridiculous. 
 Piper: It's bad luck. You could be attacked by evil spirits. 
 Prue: Piper, we have been attacked by plenty of evil spirits and they had nothing to do with salt. And considering our powers, I can't believe that you want to rely on this for our protection. 
 Piper: My feeling is, you can never be too rich or too safe. 
 (Phoebe sees a ladybug on the plant on the table.) 
 Phoebe: Oh, look, a ladybug. 
 Prue: Is that bad luck? 
 (Piper pulls a face.) 
 Phoebe: No, actually Grams once told me that whatever direction it flies in, you can find your ideal mate. We've gotta try it. 
 (Phoebe flicks the ladybug and it flies across the room and lands on Lucas.) 
 Piper: Oh. 
 Prue: So does a positive superstition cancel out a negative one? 
 Piper: I don't know. 
 Phoebe: Wait, what's going on? 
 Prue: That guy has been trying to talk to Piper all day and she has been avoiding him because she... 
 (A waiter trips and spills drinks all over Prue. Phoebe and Piper wipe her with napkins.) 
 Piper: You should've thrown the... 
 Prue: You know what? Piper, don't even say it. I'm going home to change. 
 Phoebe: Be careful, I love you. 
 Prue: Yeah. 
 (She leaves.) 
 Piper: Okay, she can't say it. Maybe she's afraid it'll make her look too vulnerable. Ever since mum dies, you know, she has to be the strong one to take care of us and everything. It's probably just all part of that. 
 Phoebe: Maybe. Hey, I gotta get back to work. 
 Piper: How's the new job? 
 Phoebe: Great, except my new boss wants me to lie to her husband about an affair that she's been having. 
 Piper: Oh, how nice. What are you gonna do? 
 Phoebe: I don't know. I'm just hoping it never comes up. Hey good luck. 
 (Phoebe leaves and Lucas walks up to Piper.) 
 Lucas: How's it going? 
 Piper: Oh, good. 
 Lucas: Listen, um, we've been working so well together on the fundraiser, I was, uh, wondering if you want to get dinner after it's over. 
 Piper: Uh, I should probably... I should probably check my schedule. 
 Lucas: You, uh, don't know if you're free tonight? 
 Piper: Well, um... (she notices the ladybug on his shoulder) dinner would be great. 
 Lucas: Great. 
 [Scene: SWA Properties. Phoebe's sitting at a desk holding a coin.] 
 Phoebe: Okay, heads - I tell him the truth, tails - I lie. (She flicks the coin in the air and it lands on its edge.) Oh, that helped a lot. (She picks the coin up. The phone rings. She reaches for it and knocks over a bottle of water.) Oh! Hold on please. (She picks up the bottle and has a premonition that water has filled up in the shower and Prue's stuck inside.) Prue. (in the phone) Uh, no one's in, call back later. (She hangs up and then dials another number.) 
 [Cut to the bathroom in the manor. Prue gets in and turns on the water. The phone rings and the answering machine picks it up.] 
 Phoebe's voice: Prue, it's Phoebe. Are you there? Pick up. Hello? Prue, I just had a premonition, you could be in trouble. Are you there? Prue, are you there? 
 [Cut to where the answering machine is. Barbas appears and passes his hand in front of it and the message disappears.] 
 [Cut back in the bathroom. Barbas appears. He passes his hand in front of the shower. Prue notices Barbas standing there.] 
 Barbas: Your greatest fear is drowning. Thank you for making it so easy. (The shower starts filling up quickly.) That's right. (Prue starts panicking and hitting on the glass. The water rises up near her neck. She turns off the water. She tries to use her power but it doesn't work.) You powers are frozen by your fear. (The water continues to rise over her head.) 
 [Cut to outside the manor. Andy and Morris are walking up to the door.] 
 Andy: I wish I could think of a logical reason to explain why Prue's involved in this. 
 Morris: You mean this time or every other time? 
 (They ring the door bell. They hear Prue scream. Morris gets out his gun and Andy kicks open the door. They run inside.) 
 Andy: Prue? 
 [Cut to the bathroom. Barbas disappears. The door flies open and Morris and Andy run in pointing their guns. The water has disappeared.] 
 Andy: Prue? You okay? 
 Prue: I don't know. 
 (Morris walks outside.) 
 Andy: I'll wait for you downstairs. 
 (Prue grabs a towel and wraps it around her. She opens the door and water that was sitting in the bottom of the shower runs out onto the floor.) 
 Commercial Break 
 [Scene: Manor. Living room. Andy, Prue and Morris are there. Prue's wearing a dressing gown and has a towel wrapped around her head.] 
 Prue: I told you I had soap in my eyes. 
 Andy: You had soap in your eyes? That's why you were screaming? 
 Prue: Yes. 
 Morris: You wanna tell us what you were doing at that woman's apartment? 
 Prue: I was, um, Zoe was a collector of occult items and she wanted to know if the auction house was interested in selling them for her. 
 Morris: When you got there was she alive or already dead? 
 Prue: Dead. 
 Andy: So you called 911? Why didn't you leave your name? Why did you just duck out? 
 Prue: Because I wanted to avoid this. I knew that you'd suspect me of being involved and I'm not. 
 Andy: Prue, don't you think it's a little coincidental you being one step ahead of death twice in one day? 
 Prue: What exactly are you implying? 
 Andy: Prue, if you were in my shoes, what would you think? 
 (She looks at his sneakers.) 
 Prue: First of all, nobody should be in those shoes. 
 Morris: Told you. 
 Prue: But if I were, I would never think that you had anything to do with these deaths. 
 Andy: Prue, five women your age have been scared to death since midnight and we show up, we hear you screaming, we break in, find you terrified in the shower. 
 Prue: I told you, I had soap in my eyes. 
 Andy: That wasn't pain on your face, that was fear. 
 (You hear the front door open.) 
 Phoebe: Prue? (She runs in the living room.) Hi. 
 Andy, Morris: Hi. 
 Phoebe: Is everything okay? 
 Prue: Yeah, everything's fine. So, are we done? 
 Morris: Yeah, we're done. 
 (Andy and Morris leave.) 
 Prue: You will not believe what happened to me. 
 Phoebe: Yes, I would, I saw it. (Prue takes the towel off her head and she has a streak of white hair.) Prue, he came really close didn't he? You've got some white in you hair. 
 (Prue looks in the mirror.) 
 [Time lapse. Prue and Phoebe walk in the attic.] 
 Phoebe: There's gotta be something in the Book about releasing fears. Maybe it's just not obvious. 
 (She walks over to the Book Of Shadows.) 
 Prue: Phoebe, do you smell that? 
 Phoebe: What? 
 Prue: It's like Sandalwood. 
 Phoebe: No, I don't smell anything. 
 Prue: Mum used to wear a fragrance like that. 
 Phoebe: I was too young to remember. (Phoebe looks in the Book.) Wait, I thought you said there was nothing in here about releasing your fear. (Prue looks at the page,) "To let go of your fear, trust in the greatest of all powers." 
 Prue: That wasn't there this morning. 
 Phoebe: Well, maybe because of all the stress... 
 Prue: No, Phoebe, it wasn't there alright. It's in mum's handwriting, I would of remembered. 
 Phoebe: Okay, uh, what do you think the greatest of all powers is? Do you think that's the power of three? 
 Prue: I don't know. 
 Phoebe: What is it? 
 Prue: It's like I can feel her presence. 
 Phoebe: Okay, maybe you should get dressed and go to Bucklands. 
 Prue: No, um, I don't really think I'm up for that. 
 Phoebe: Look, Prue, you said he disappeared once Andy got there. So maybe he only attacks when you're alone. When your fear is greatest. 
 Prue: Yeah, you're right. 
 Phoebe: Of course I am. Whatever you do, stay away from water, any water, don't even drink it. 
 Prue: Don't worry. 
 Phoebe: I love you. 
 Prue: You too. 
 Phoebe: Why do you do that? 
 Prue: What? 
 Phoebe: You never say 'I love you' to me. 
 Prue: I just did. 
 Phoebe: No, you just said 'me too' and you never say it to Piper either. Have you ever said 'I love you' to anybody? 
 Prue: Yeah, I said it to mum and it was the last thing I said to her right before she died. 
 (Phoebe hugs Prue.) 
 [Scene: Quake. Piper's walking to somewhere but sees Lucas and walks back the other way. She stops a woman dressed up as a black cat who's about to walk past her.) 
 Piper: Oh, uh, do me a favour, uh, walk behind me so you don't cross my path. 
 Woman: Okay. 
 Piper: Oh, wait... (she bends down to pick up the woman's tail off the floor and her dress rips.) Oh! You dropped your tail. 
 (Piper walks into the kitchen and gets a cigar out of a shoe box. A guy walks up to her.) 
 Guy: Are you okay? 
 Piper: Me? 
 Guy: You seem kind of, I don't know... tense. 
 Piper: Well, it just seems ever since I agreed to have dinner with Lucas, I've had a run of bad luck. I broke a nail, the shipment of clams is late, I had to fire a hostess and I just ripped my dress. 
 Guy: Well, it is Friday the 13th. 
 (He walks away. Piper lights the cigar with the flames on the stove and starts waving it in the air. She then chants a spell.) 
 Piper: "Sage so fair, from far and wide, take my troubles and brush them aside." 
 (The smoke detector goes off from the cigar smoke.) 
 Chef #1: Is there a fire? Where's the smoke coming from? 
 (Piper quickly puts out the cigar by putting it in a saucepan of boiling water. She burns her fingers.) 
 Piper: Ow! 
 Chef #2: Is it malfunctioning? 
 Piper: (to herself) It's just not my day. 
 [Scene: SWA Properties. Phoebe's sitting at a desk. A man walks in.] 
 Phoebe: Hi, may I help you? 
 Man: Hi, I was looking for Susan. 
 Phoebe: Oh, she's not here but I can tell her you came by. What's your name? 
 Richard: Richard Warner. 
 Phoebe: Oh, you're Susan's husband. 
 Richard: Unless she's got one I don't know about. 
 (Phoebe laughs.) 
 Phoebe: No, no. She doesn't have another husband. 
 Richard: I thought I'd surprise her and take her to dinner. Do you know where she is? 
 Phoebe: Uh, she went out. 
 Richard: Okay, well, I think we established that. Do you know where? 
 Phoebe: Uh, well, she... that's actually interesting, she, uh... I can't do this. 
 Richard: I don't understand. 
 Phoebe: I'm sorry, Mr. Warner, but I can't be the assistant your wife wants without compromising my beliefs and I just won't do that. 
 Richard: Wait a minute, slow down. 
 Phoebe: Don't worry about the office, I will lock up. 
 (She writes a note.) 
 Richard: Thank you. 
 Phoebe: For what? 
 Richard: For not lying to me about Susan's affair. 
 Phoebe: You knew? 
 Richard: I've tried denying it for some time now but I guess there comes a time when you have to face the truth. 
 Phoebe: I'm so sorry. 
 Richard: Don't be, you mustn't. Don't quit on my behalf. 
 Phoebe: I'm not. (He leaves. The phone rings.) SWA Property. 
 Woman on phone: Hello, may I speak to Susan? 
 Phoebe: Uh, no, she's not in right now. Can I take a message? 
 Woman on phone: I'm outside a house she was supposed to show me and she's not here. 
 Phoebe: Uh, well, I'm sorry but she must of forgotten. She's out for the rest of the day. 
 Woman on phone: Can anybody help me? I flew in from L.A. just to see this house. I'm under a terrible deadline to move from my other house. 
 Phoebe: Uh, no one's here. But you know, since you flew in and all, I guess I can show you the property. What's the address? 
 [Scene: At the property. Phoebe walks in the yard.] 
 Phoebe: Mrs. Juffy? Hello? Mrs. Juffy? SWA Properties. 
 (She hears a voice behind her.) 
 Woman: Hello, dear. (Phoebe turns around and it's Barbas imitating a woman's voice. Thanks so (his voice changes back) much for coming out. 
 (He grabs her.) 
 Phoebe: Let go or I'll scream. 
 Barbas: I could use the fix. 
 (He passes his hand in front of her face.) 
 Phoebe: I know how you kill. There are no elevators around here. 
 Barbas: Elevators? That's what you think your greatest fear is? You mortals need to look deeper. Down where the real truth lies. Your greatest fear is losing a sister and I get two for one. 
 [Scene: Bucklands. Prue's office. She's on the phone.] 
 Prue: He's only a threat till midnight, okay. Alright, well, take care and don't look in any closets till then. (The other line rings.) Alright, look, I gotta go, someone's calling me. Bye. (She picks up the other line.) Hello? 
 Phoebe: Prue, it's Phoebe. I got stuck at a house I was showing. Can you come and get me? 
 Prue: Yeah, sure. Where are you? 
 [Cut to the property. Barbas is on the phone imitating Phoebe's voice.] 
 Barbas/Phoebe: I'm at 3112 Napper Street. 
 Prue: Alright, I'm on my way. 
 (You see Phoebe is tied up and with tape over her mouth.) 
 Commercial Break 
 
 
 
 [Scene: Quake. Piper's having dinner with Lucas.] 
 Piper: I can't remember when I enjoyed a dinner more. I'm so glad you suggested this. 
 Lucas: You know, I almost didn't. 
 Piper: Really? 
 Lucas: I'm pretty sensitive to people's feelings and I got the sense this morning that you were totally turned off to me. 
 Piper: How odd. So what's it like being one of the city's most eligible bachelor? 
 (He laughs.) 
 Lucas: That magazine article was so lame. I'm, uh, really a very simple guy. I value home and heart, I'd like to settle down, have kids. I've got two nieces I'm crazy about, I even carry pictures of them. 
 (Piper freezes him.) 
 Piper: You sound too good to be true. (She reaches in his jacket and pulls out his wallet. She opens it up and sees a photo of them.) You are too good to be true. (He unfreezes just as she's putting his wallet back in his jacket. He wonders what she's doing.) Lint. A little lint. (She brushes his jacket.) 
 Lucas: Oh, thanks. 
 Piper: So, your instinct about me this morning was right. I was sort of sending out negative vibes. 
 Lucas: Why? 
 Piper: Well, there's this superstition that any relationship started on Friday the 13th is doomed. So I was determined to avoid you but ten there's another superstition about finding your ideal mate... 
 Lucas: Wait a minute. You were gonna reject me because of a superstition but then decided I was worth going out with only because of another superstition? 
 Piper: Yeah. 
 Lucas: Well, it doesn't say much for me then does it? 
 Piper: Oh, um, it's that... 
 Lucas: Piper, someone who let's things like superstitions or omens to determine their lives, well, I just had an experience like that with my last girlfriend and it was a disaster. I'm looking for someone who's just not into that stuff. I'm sorry. 
 [Scene: At the property. Prue walks to the gate.] 
 Prue: Phoebe? 
 (She opens the gate.) 
 Phoebe: I'm in the backyard. You won't believe the view from here. 
 (Prue walks in the yard.) 
 Prue: Pheebs, where are you? (She walks near the swimming pool.) Phoebe? 
 (Prue turns around and sees Phoebe tied up and Barbas standing there.) 
 Barbas: (imitating Phoebe's voice) Isn't that a great view? (Barbas pushes Prue in the pool.) That's right. (Prue sinks to the bottom. She tries to swim back up to the top but can't.) Give me your fear. 
 (A bright light appears in the pool.) 
 A voice: Prue, Prue. You must face your fears, Prue. You must trust in the greatest of all powers. Love. 
 Prue: Mum? 
 A voice: Save yourself. Save your sister. (Prue's mum holds out her hand.) Don't be afraid. (Prue reaches out and holds her mum's hand. Her mum pulls her up to the top.) 
 Prue: (to Barbas) It's over. (She uses her power and Barbas flies across the yard. She gets out of the pool.) 
 Barbas: Your fear. 
 Prue: I'm not afraid anymore. 
 Barbas: Nooo! (Barbas burns and explodes. The rope disappears off Phoebe. Prue and Phoebe hug.) 
 Phoebe: Oh my God, I was so scared. 
 Prue: I know. I'm just glad you're safe. 
 Phoebe: I don't know what would happen if I ever lost you. I love you. 
 Prue: I love you. 
 Commercial Break 
 [Scene: Manor. Living room. Piper's sitting on the floor in front of the fire place. Phoebe and Prue walk in.] 
 Phoebe: Hey, what are you doing? 
 Piper: Kicking myself. I just lost probably the greatest catch in San Francisco. 
 Prue: What happened? 
 Piper: He doesn't like women who rely on superstitions to make decisions. And I'm not so sure he's wrong. 
 Phoebe: So, Prue vanquished the demon of fear. 
 Prue: Well, at least put him back in the bottle for another thirteen hundred years. 
 Piper: Wait, whoa, what? What happened? 
 Phoebe: Well, he pushed her into a pool and then... 
 Prue: And mum helped me out. 
 Piper: Mum? 
 Prue: Okay, I know it sounds crazy but I saw her. It was just like my dream. She was this incredible vision, so peaceful and she took my hand and brought me to the surface. 
 Piper: That doesn't sound crazy. I wish I could've seen her. 
 Phoebe: Me too. 
 Piper: I'm just glad you're alright. 
 (They hug.) 
 Prue: I love you. 
 (Piper breaks the hug.) 
 Piper: What did you just say? 
 Prue: I love you. 
 (Piper and Phoebe smile.) 
 Piper: I think that's the first time you've said that to me. 
 Prue: Yeah, I know, I wish I had of said it a long time ago. Ever since mum died I've been afraid to say it. I didn't want to lose anybody else. 
 Piper: Well, we're not going anywhere. 
 Prue: Okay. I'm exhausted. I'll se you two in the morning. 
 (Prue leaves the room.) 
 Piper: Uh, what happened to her in that pool? 
 Phoebe: I don't know. But whatever is was, it must of been incredible. 
 [Cut to the attic. Prue's sitting in a chair holding the Book Of Shadows. You see words magically appear on a page and their mother's voice saying: "Thanks for letting them in your heart."] 
 Prue: I miss you, mum. 
 End 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 