Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x08 - The Truth is Out There and It Hurts - Charmed 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x08 - The Truth is Out There and It Hurts https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=21&t=4972 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/09/98 13:12 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x08 - The Truth is Out There and It Hurts 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Written by: Zach Estrin & Chris Levinson 
 Transcribed by: Shay Fitzpatrick 
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 [Scene: Car park. Dr Mitchell is walking to his car. Gavin (the warlock) is there.] 
 Gavin: Excuse me, are you Dr Mitchell? Dr Oliver Mitchell? 
 Dr Mitchell: Yes. 
 Gavin: What a pleasure. I can't tell you how long I've waited for this. 
 Dr Mitchell: Excuse me but have we ... 
 Gavin: Met? I'm sorry, only in print. I've read your work. Your studies, specifically on cell degeneration are ahead of their time. 
 Dr Mitchell: You're very kind. 
 Gavin: No really. It's fascinating. You've become kind of a hobby of mine. I found your article on the mutant retina gene to be particularly intriguing. 
 Dr Mitchell: But I haven't even -- 
 Gavin: Published it yet? Don't worry, you will. And you'll help to find the vaccine. 
 Dr Mitchell: The vaccine? Against what? 
 Gavin: Against this. (A laser beam comes out of Gavin's forehead and burns a hole in Dr Mitchell's forehead.) 
 [Scene: Movie theatre. Prue, Piper and Phoebe are waiting in line. Phoebe's holding a magic 8 ball.] 
 Phoebe: (Reading the 8 ball) "Ask again later." Hello, vague. How am I suppose to plan my future without a little direction? 
 Prue: You, who can see the future is now looking for a magic 8 ball. 
 Phoebe: My visions don't help me remember. 
 Piper: I've got an idea. Why don't we ask if Prue and Andy will get back together. 
 Prue: Oh, Phoebe, please don't. 
 (Phoebe shakes up the 8 ball.) 
 Phoebe: Ooh... interesting. 
 Piper: Very. 
 (Piper's pager beeps. Prue tries to look at what the ball says but Phoebe shakes it up before she can see it.) 
 Prue: You are cruel. 
 Piper: I forget what a day off feels like. That was my boss, Martin. I have to get back to the restaurant. 
 Prue: You're kidding? 
 Piper: There's a convention in town and business is just crazy. 
 Phoebe: But you worked a double shift yesterday and the day before that. He's working you to death, Piper. 
 Prue: I thought that you were gonna talk to Martin about this weeks ago. 
 Piper: I never got around to it. 
 (She gets out her cell phone and dials the number.) 
 Phoebe: Well, tell him to stuff it. Tell him you're taking the night off and that's that. 
 Piper: I know, you're right. I will. (On the phone.) Hello, Martin. No, I know what you want but ... okay, no that's not a problem. I'll be right there. (She hangs up.) 
 Prue: Wow, you told him. 
 Phoebe: Beware of the wrath of Piper. 
 Piper: I will talk to him... eventually. I gotta go. 
 (She walks off.) 
 Phoebe: Wait, Piper, I'll walk you to the car, it's safer. 
 (Phoebe follows Piper.) 
 Prue: (to herself) I'll wait here. 
 Phoebe: (Walking past the people) Excuse me, pardon me. (She bumps into Gavin and has a premonition of him burning a hole in a woman's forehead.) Oh my God, Piper. 
 Piper: What is it? 
 Phoebe: I just had a premonition. A woman's about to get murdered. 
 (A police car with its sirens on drives into the car park. Phoebe, Piper and Prue run into the car park. They see Dr Mitchell lying on the ground with the hole burnt in his head.) 
 Prue: Oh my God. 
 Piper: Phoebe saw this murder before it even happened. 
 Phoebe: No, not this one. I think I saw the next one. 
 Opening Credits 
 [Scene: Halliwell manor. Kitchen. Piper's making coffee, Phoebe's pouring cereal in a bowl and Prue sits down to read the paper and drink her coffee.] 
 Prue: Uh, is this leaded? 
 Piper: Oh, yes. 
 (Piper knocks the cereal off the table but freezes it before it hits the ground. She places the bin underneath it. The cereal unfreezes and falls in the bin. Leo walks in the kitchen.) 
 Leo: Morning, ladies. Took a look at the staircase. Shouldn't be more than two days work. You mind if I get started? 
 Piper: Nope, not at all. I'll get you some coffee. 
 (Piper's pager beeps.) 
 Phoebe: But you're busy. I'll get it. Be right there, Leo. (Leo leaves the kitchen.) 
 Prue: When are you two gonna stop fighting over him and grow up? 
 (You see Phoebe and Piper fighting over the coffee cup.) 
 Piper: When Phoebe realizes that she doesn't have a chance with him. 
 Phoebe: Well, that doesn't matter now because I have to go protect the innocent. 
 Piper: So, we'll call it truce... temporarily. I'll just take this to Leo. (She does so.) 
 Prue: You know you're only into him because Piper is. 
 Phoebe: That is so not true. I'm wounded. Now, is there anything in there (the paper) about last nights murder? 
 Prue: Nothing of any use. 
 Phoebe: How am I suppose to figure out who the girl in my vision is? 
 Prue: Well, what did she look like? 
 Phoebe: Well, she was about 5' 3", hair was lightish. 
 Prue: That's it? 
 Phoebe: It's not on video tape. I can't just rewind it. Hey, you've got to talk to Andy. 
 Prue: What? 
 Phoebe: Well, if I can't find her, then I have to find the killer before he gets to her. 
 Prue: Well, have you checked the Book of Shadows? From the way you described your vision that sounds like it could be demonic. 
 Phoebe: Yeah, but for all we know, Andy's already hot on his trail. You have to go see him to find out. 
 Prue: I can't. 
 Phoebe: Won't. 
 Prue: Phoebe, give me a break. We just stopped seeing each other. Don't you think it might be a bit awkward? 
 Phoebe: Okay, then how about I go see him and you look in the Book Of Shadows. 
 Prue: Phoebe... 
 Phoebe: Prue, I had this vision for a reason. I'm supposed to save her, I know it and I have to find her. 
 [Cut to the attic. Prue is there looking through the Book Of Shadows.] 
 Prue: (to herself) I don't even know what I'm looking for. (She closes the book and heads towards the door. The book opens up the a truth spell by itself. Prue stops and walks back over to the book.) The Truth Spell. (She turns to a different page. The page turns back to the truth spell.) What the ... ? (She shuts the book and leaves the attic. The book opens back up to the spell.) 
 [Scene: Quake. The place is full of people. Piper's sitting at the bar talking on the phone.] 
 Piper: The truth is I need extra table cloths because ... 
 (Some guy sitting next next to her spills his drink over her paperwork. Martin comes up to Piper.) 
 Martin: I need this space. Can't you do this in the manager's office? 
 Piper: You took my desk remember, Martin? 
 Martin: Then go somewhere else. I've got a restaurant full of conventioners, I just ran out of white corn chowder and I need you to get hold of Protos pronto. 
 Piper: What about the books? 
 Martin: You can take them home with you. I come back after three weeks and the place is chaos. 
 Piper: Martin, you know what I think? 
 Martin: What? What do you think? 
 Piper: I think I'm gonna need that number for Protos. 
 [Scene: Bucklands. Prue's office. She's sitting at her desk staring at a photo of her and Andy together. Phoebe comes in.] 
 Phoebe: Hey. 
 Prue: Hey. 
 Phoebe: Can I borrow your laptop? I need to do some surfing on the web, see if I can find anything about the burns on the victims forehead. What? 
 Prue: Nothing. I just never thought of you being computer friendly. 
 Phoebe: Are you kidding? Chat rooms saved my life. 
 Prue: Um, so, did you talk to Andy? 
 (She hands Phoebe her laptop.) 
 Phoebe: Actually, I spoke to his partner instead. 
 Prue: You told Morris? 
 Phoebe: About the case? I didn't have to. Every inspector at the station was talking about it. The only problem is they're stumped. Did you find anything in the Book Of Shadows? 
 Prue: Uh, I'm not sure. So, you didn't see Andy? 
 Phoebe: No, I said I didn't talk to Andy. I saw him in the parking lot when I left. But, he had that look, Prue. You know the one I'm talking about. You might recognize it from the mirror. He really cares about you. 
 Prue: Yeah, don't you think I know that? 
 Phoebe: So what are you waiting for? Tell him the truth. It's the only thing that's standing between you guys. 
 Prue: Tell him I'm a witch? I can't do that. What if he can't handle it? It's not like I can put the genie back in the bottle. 
 Phoebe: He's not going to turn you into the warlock police. At least you'd know how he feels once and for all. Otherwise, you'll never know if it could of worked out or not. If I were you, I'd figure out how to tell him. Thank you for the laptop. 
 (She leaves. The sandwich lady stands at the door.) 
 Girl: Sandwich? 
 Prue: Hey, Tanya. Sure. 
 Tanya: I saved you your favourite. Turkey, no mayo. 
 Prue: You're a good woman. 
 Tanya: Bye. 
 [Scene: Halliwell manor. Attic. Prue is looking at the truth spell in the Book Of Shadows.] 
 Prue: Okay, you win. 
 [Cut to outside. Piper opens the door. She's holding all the paper work. Phoebe comes up to her. 
 Phoebe: Hey, stranger. Back from the war? 
 Piper: More like I brought the battle home with me. Inventory. 
 Phoebe: I'll help you with yours if you help me with mine. 
 (They walk inside.) 
 [Cut to the attic. Prue's saying the spell.] 
 Prue: "For those who want the truth revealed, open hearts and secrets unsealed, from now until it's now again, after which the memories end." 
 [Cut back to downstairs. Piper and Phoebe walk in the parlour.] 
 Phoebe: I guess you didn't talk to your boss. 
 Piper: Of course I did, just like I said I would. (They sit down on the couch.) Am I getting a zit on my chin? (Phoebe looks.) 
 Phoebe: Can't even see it. 
 [Cut back to the attic.] 
 Prue: "Those who now are in this house, will hear the truth from others mouths." 
 [Cut back to downstairs.] 
 Piper: You really can't see it? 
 Phoebe: Are you kidding? It looks like that thing has a life of its own. So you really told off Martin, huh? 
 Piper: No, I lied. I chickened out. (They look at each other.) 
 [Cut back to the attic. Prue's dialing on the phone. Andy's answering machine picks up.] 
 Andy's voice: "Hi, you've reached Andy Trudeau. Leave your name and number and I'll get back to you. Thanks." 
 Prue: Hi, Andy, it's-it's um, Prue. I was wondering if - could you just call me please, soon ... within the next twenty-four hours. I need to talk to you about something so, um, just call okay, alright, um, tonight would be fine too. Okay, bye. 
 [Scene: Science lab. A lab technician is working on something. Gavin enters the room.] 
 Gavin: Excuse me. Are you Mr. Pearson? Alex Pearson? 
 Alex: Yeah, yeah, can I help you? 
 Gavin: In so many ways. Working late tonight aren't you? 
 Alex: Uh, yeah. I work better at night and the soil samples are just right for the bindora planteau. 
 Gavin: Ahh, Zimbabwe. Their crops have been over run by disease for decades. Well, your work will put an end to that. Let's hope that's the reality. 
 Alex: Are you from the foundation? They usually don't check up on us this late. 
 Gavin: Oh, no, no. But I have studied your work and I know what it will lead to. 
 Alex: My work, you mean the lab's. I'm really just the technician. 
 Gavin: For now. But someday, someday you will help me find the vaccine. 
 Alex: The vaccine? For what? Who are you? What do you want? 
 Gavin: Your future. 
 (A hole opens up in Gavin's forehead.) 
 Alex: God, what is it? 
 (Gavin puts a hole in Alex's forehead with a laser beam-like coming out of the hole.) 
 Commercial Break 
 [Scene: Halliwell manor. Kitchen. Piper hands Prue a cup of coffee.] 
 Prue: Thanks. Is this leaded? 
 Piper: Nope. 
 Prue: It's not? 
 Piper: Never has been. I just say it because it's ridiculous to make two pots of coffee when you're the only one who drinks diesel. 
 (Phoebe enters the kitchen.) 
 Phoebe: Prue, don't give me grief when you get the phone bill. I was up all night on the internet and I didn't find anything. That poor girl. Oh, Piper, I'm sorry about the crack I made last night about your zit. 
 Piper: That's okay. So you really can't see it? 
 (Phoebe looks at it.) 
 Phoebe: Like I said, it's huge. 
 Piper: Something weird is going on. 
 (Leo enters the kitchen.) 
 Leo: Morning, ladies. I should be able to finish the stairs today. 
 Piper: Okay, um, I'll make some more coffee. 
 Phoebe: And I'll bring it to you. 
 (Leo leaves.) 
 Piper: Oh, here we go again, right? 
 Phoebe: Piper, we both know the only reason I like Leo is because you do. Okay, I have no idea why I just said that. (to Prue) What's going on? 
 Prue: Uh ... okay, I'm late for work, busy, gotta go. (She stands up and heads out the kitchen.) 
 Piper: Prue! 
 Prue: Yeah? 
 Phoebe: Spill. What's up? 
 Prue: I cast a truth spell. 
 Phoebe/Piper: What!? 
 Piper: You cast a truth spell? 
 Prue: Yes, so please no more questions. 
 Piper: Why? 
 Prue: Because I wanted to know what Andy would think of me if he knew I was a witch. 
 Piper: Oh. 
 Phoebe: I can't believe it. 
 Prue: Look who's talking Little Miss Spell of the week. 
 Phoebe: No, no. I mean it can't believe you actually took my advice. The biggest pooper at the Wicca party has finally used her power for personal gain. About time. 
 Piper: Personal is affecting us. Prue, what have you done? 
 Prue: The spell was only suppose to work on me. Okay, it said those in this house. I thought I was alone. 
 Phoebe: Well, obviously you weren't. 
 Piper: Wait, we just have to, we have to undo it right now. 
 Prue: Can't. Twenty-four hour time limit. Which means until eight o'clock tonight, everybody that comes in contact with us, will have no choice but to tell the truth. 
 Piper: What do you mean no choice? 
 Prue: Exactly that. Ask me a question. 
 Phoebe: I'm gain. Prue, what do you think of me? 
 Prue: Well, I admire your confidence and your fearlessness, your utter lack of responsibility frustrates me to no end. Oh God, that is so enough. 
 Piper: Oh my God, this could be very dangerous. 
 Phoebe: I'm kinda diggin' it. Piper, what do you really think of your boss? 
 Piper: I think he's a self serving jerk who must have a very small pen1s. Oh my God, I'm gonna be so fired. 
 Prue: No, no, no. It's okay because once the spell ends, no one will remember what they've heard. You guys, I just wanted to see how Andy would react. 
 Phoebe: What a way to come out of the broom closet. 
 Piper: Are you nuts? We just need to, we need to lock the doors, call in sick, and stay in our own bedrooms until it just goes away. 
 Phoebe: Hello, there's a demon on the loose and I still have to find that woman. Whoa, whoa. Wait a minute. 
 Piper: A premonition? 
 Phoebe: No. An epiphany. So you're telling me that everyone I ask a question to has to answer with the truth. 
 Prue: I think so, yes. But that also means if we get asked a question, we have to answer the truth. 
 Phoebe: I can work around that. This is cool. Very cool. 
 (Phoebe grabs her coat in the foyer.) 
 Piper: Phoebe, no, where are you going? (Phoebe leaves.) Don't even think about asking me what I think of you right now. 
 [Scene: Police station. Phoebe walks up to Andy's desk.] 
 Andy: Phoebe. 
 Phoebe: Hi, Andy. Have you talked to Prue? 
 Andy: She left a message on my machine last night. Wasn't sure if I wanted to call her back or not. 
 Phoebe: Believe me, trust me, definitely wanna call her back. 
 (Phoebe rummages around her purse looking for a pen and paper.) 
 Andy: Is that why you came here? 
 Phoebe: Hardly. What do you know about the guy they found murdered in the movie theatre parking lot the other night. 
 Andy: The detective says he's not the only victim last night. They found a lab technician down in Oakland. Each of them had the same cauterized mark on their forehead and their eyes were drained with colour. They were completely white. Wait... 
 Phoebe: Cause of death? 
 Andy: Unknown. Looks like he took a bullet to the head only there's no exit wound and no bullet. Phoebe, this is highly... 
 Phoebe: Any suspects? 
 Andy: Not yet. 
 Phoebe: Any evidence that could lead to a suspect? 
 Andy: They found a button at the crime scene, possibly from the suspects jacket made of an alloy forensics have never seen before. What's with all these ... 
 Phoebe: Ah-ah! Do not ask that question. I gotta go. Thanks. Don't forget to call Prue by eight o'clock tonight. 
 Commercial Break 
 [Scene: Bucklands. Prue's office. Prue's sitting there clicking her pen. The phone rings.] 
 Prue: Hello? Uh, I mean, Prue Halliwell. 
 Andy: Hey, it's me. 
 Prue: Andy, hi. 
 Andy: Phoebe stopped by. Suggested I give you a call. 
 Prue: Phoebe ... yeah, but can we meet? I really don't want to talk over the phone. 
 Andy: Should I be looking forward to this or dreading it? 
 Prue: Honestly, I don't know. But what are you doing for dinner? An early dinner. Let's say now? 
 Andy: It's lunchtime. (She looks at the clock and it says 12.35.) But I'm gonna be interviewing a witness in your area around five. I could swing round after. 
 (Someone knocks on Prue's door.) 
 Prue: Yeah. Um, here? Uh, I guess that's fine, all right. I'll see you then. (She hangs up. Tanya the sandwich girl walks in with Hannah behind her.) Hey Tanya. 
 Hannah: Personal call, Prue? 
 Prue: Personal business, Hannah, and I swear that that's my name on the door. 
 Hannah: (She picks up a sandwich.) Oh, look. Less turkey, no mayo. My favourite. 
 Tanya: Actually I was saving that for Prue. 
 Hannah: Yeah, you were. 
 Prue: Don't you hate turkey? 
 Hannah: Of course I do. I just don't want you to have it. 
 Prue: Is there any particular reason why you're such a bitch to me? 
 (Rex walks up behind her.) 
 Hannah: Yes, because it's my mission in life to destroy you. 
 Rex: Well, nothing like a bit of inter-office rivalry to get those competitive juices flowing. Um, Hannah, a word. (They leave.) 
 [Cut to Rex's office.] 
 Rex: What the bloody hell do you think you're doing? 
 Hannah: I don't know. It-it-it came out. 
 Rex: No, no, no, it didn't just come out. You almost came out. Am I supposed to believe that all of a sudden you lost complete control of your faculties? 
 Hannah. No. God, she's just so… Prue. Forgive me. 
 Rex: Always. Hey… (He gets a cigar. She blows on it and it lights up.) Go on. Get back to work. 
 [Scene: Halliwell manor. Living room. Piper is talking on the phone.] 
 Piper: Martin, I can't work tonight, I have to do the books. (She listens.) Do the books and run the floor? That's impossible. (She listens.) But you don't unders-- Right now? I'm, on my way. (She hangs up.) Nice talking to you too, jerk. (Leo enters.) 
 Leo: Hey, I had a little bit of an accident. You mind if I borrow your washer? (You see he has spilt coffee on his shirt.) 
 Piper: No, not at all. Go right ahead. Can I get you some coffee? 
 Leo: Ah, you better not. I'll just wind up knocking it all over again. (He starts walking towards the kitchen.) 
 Piper: Leo, wait. 
 Leo: Yeah? 
 Piper: Can I ask you a question? 
 Leo: Sure. 
 Piper: Do you need another shirt? 
 Leo: No, I got one in the truck. Thanks. 
 Piper: Leo, wait that wasn't my question. 
 Leo: It wasn't. 
 Piper: No. I was just wondering…do you ever think of me? 
 Leo: Yeah. 
 Piper: In what way? As a friend sort of way or… 
 Leo: You have beautiful eyes. 
 Piper: That's a good way. 
 Leo: I'm sorry. (They laugh.) That was totally inappropriate wasn't it? 
 Piper: No, not at all. Ah, what the hell…Leo, what do you think about women who make the first move? 
 Leo: I'm still waiting for it to happen. (Piper kisses him.) Ahh…how do you feel about guys who make the second move? 
 Piper: Love them. 
 (They kiss again.) 
 [Scene: Bucklands. Prue's waiting outside an elevator. Rex walks around the corner.] 
 Prue: Hi Rex. 
 Rex: Hello Prue. How are you? (Phoebe walks up behind Prue.) 
 Prue: I'm a nervous wreck because I am about to tell my boyfriend that I am a wi-- 
 Phoebe: Ner. A winner. She is a real catch, this one is. (She laughs.) I'm Phoebe, her sister, we've met, remember? 
 Rex: Yeah, how could I forget. 
 (Prue and Phoebe walk away.) 
 Phoebe: Okay, the spell is really working. 
 Prue: Yeah, I know. So, you talked to Andy? 
 Phoebe: I sure did. He gave me a list of all the victims. They all died the same way. The only problem is they don't have a suspect, and I have no way of finding… her. (Tanya walks past.) 
 Prue: Who, her? 
 Phoebe: That's the girl from my premonition. 
 Prue: Tanya? 
 (Tanya gets in an elevator.) 
 Phoebe: Wait, hold the elevator. 
 (The elevator closes.) 
 [Cut to inside the elevator. Gavin's there.] 
 Gavin: (to Tanya) Excuse me. Are you Mrs. Parker? Tanya Parker? 
 Tanya: Yes. 
 Gavin You have been most difficult to find. Never in the same place, never alone. 
 Tanya: Excuse me? 
 [Cut back to Prue and Phoebe.] 
 Prue: Are you sure? 
 Phoebe: Yes. And that's the truth. 
 Prue: Alright, um, take the stairs. I'll call security. 
 [Cut to the car park. Gavin has a hold of Tanya and she's screaming. Phoebe runs out and on her way she grabs a glass bottle. Gavin starts putting a hole in Tanya's head with the laser. Phoebe hits Gavin over the head with the bottle.] 
 Phoebe: Run Tanya, run. (Gavin turns around to face Phoebe. She hits him with the bottle again. Tanya runs to her car and Phoebe follows. They get in and drive off. Prue runs out with security.) 
 Prue: Phoebe! 
 Commercial Break 
 
 
 
 [Scene Halliwell manor. Living room. Tanya's on the phone.] 
 Tanya: Honey, I'm fine. (Phoebe walks in.) There's no reason to fly back early. I'm, um, staying with friends. I'll explain it all when you get home. 
 Phoebe: Kids. Do you have any kids? 
 Tanya: Not yet. 
 Phoebe: Pets? 
 Tanya: No. (on phone.) I love you too. (She hangs up.) Um, before I can explain any of this to my husband, you're gonna have to explain it to me. What is going on? 
 Phoebe: Short story, you're in danger. And to keep you out of it, we're gonna have to keep you out of the obvious places, which is why you have to stay here. 
 Tanya: But what was that thing? 
 Phoebe: Truth spell. That thing was a demon. 
 Tanya: I'm outta here. 
 Phoebe: No, Tanya, he's killed before. Trust me. Call the cops. Check it out. That burn on your forehead, that's how he does it. I've seen it. Okay, I have visions, visions of people that I am supposed to help. I've seen his next victim. It's you. There are no coincidences. I was supposed to see you, to find you. And now I'm supposed to save you. 
 [Scene: Quake. Piper's on the phone.] 
 Piper: Romane, entrance three. (to Pheobe) Pheobe, you have her in there? At the house? No, I understand you have to protect the innocent, but couldn't you find one that makes a decent bernaise sauce. My kitchen is collapsing. I gotta go. I'll be there as soon as I can. (She hangs up) Martin, hi. Just the man I wanted to… 
 Martin: I made a list. You better check it twice. I'll be back after the dinner rush. 
 Piper: Um, but I've got a family situation. 
 Martin: So, you'd like to take off, go home, take care of business? 
 Piper: Thank you Martin. Thank you for understanding. 
 Martin: Oh, don't thank me. Because the answer's no. 
 Piper: Alright Martin, what part of family situation do you not understand? Are you insane? No one person can do all of this. How do you expect me to do it all alone? 
 Martin: Because I know you will. 
 Piper: What? 
 Martin: Why spend money on more employees when I know you'll do it. And you won't complain. I got a bargain. All the work for half the price. Piper, I don't know why I said that. 
 Piper: Too late. Truths out, and so am I. You don't deserve me. I quit. 
 [Scene: Bucklands. Prue walks in her office. Andy's there.] 
 Prue: Andy, hi. 
 Andy: Hello, Prue. 
 Prue: I'm so sorry I'm late, my meeting ran over. 
 Andy: Your assistant said I could wait here. I hope that's okay. 
 Prue: Yeah, of course. Can I get you anything? Something to drink? 
 Andy: I'm fine. How are you? 
 Prue: A nervous wreck. You? 
 Andy: Heart's pounding like a sledge hammer. 
 Prue: Uh, so, Andy, how well do you think you really know me? 
 Andy: Well, I know about your fondness for twizzers, how you can't stand it when people talk at the previews, how you like to argue to win, and how you pick your cuticles when you're nervous. And also know I'd love to see you again. I wish you can trust me enough to tell me whatever it is you're afraid of. 
 Prue: Well, actually that's what I wanted to see you about except that instead of telling you I think I'll just show you, so here goes. See this? (He nods.) Watch. (She moves a pyramid thing with her powers. He jumps up out of his chair. He laughs.) 
 Andy: What the hell was that? 
 Prue: My secret. I did that with my mind. 
 Andy: You're telekinetic? 
 Prue: Yes. Well actually it's so much more than that. I'm a witch. 
 (Andy laughs.) 
 Andy: A what? 
 Prue: A good witch. I have powers. I never wanted them. I didn't find out about them until recently. Right around the time that I ran into you again. Okay, you know all those times that I disappeared or would show up at a crime scene with no logical explanation? This is why. And believe me, I wanted to tell you but I couldn't. I couldn't tell anyone. (Andy is speechless.) Are – are you okay. 
 Andy: I don't know. I mean of all the things I thought you were hiding, this was actually no where on the list. Does this mean Piper and Phoebe are…. 
 Prue: Yeah. We inherited our powers from Mum and Grams. 
 Andy: So, when you have kids… 
 Prue: If they're girls….yes. 
 Andy: Wow. That's quite a secret you've hiding. 
 Prue: Tell me about it. 
 Andy: Can you change? I mean, is it something you can get rid of? 
 Prue: No, Andy, I can't change who I am. And that's something I've recently come to accept. The question is can you? 
 Andy: To tell you the truth…I don't know, Prue. I honestly don't know. 
 [Scene: Halliwell Manor. Living room. Tanya is looking through the Book of Shadows for the demon.] 
 Phoebe: Did Prue talk to Andy? 
 Piper: She didn't say. (to Tanya) Could you find anything in the Book of Shadows? 
 Tanya: Nothing I recognize. 
 Piper: So, Andy said the third victim was a professor at Stanford? What's the link? 
 Phoebe: He may think it has something to do with what they're working on. Biogenetics. 
 Piper: A professor, geneticist, a lab technician… 
 Tanya: And a sandwich girl? Do you really think he's after me? 
 Phoebe: Uh-oh, truth spell. (She touches Tanya and has a premonition of her holding a baby.) Piper, we need more milk. Kitchen. (She goes to the kitchen.) She's carrying. 
 Piper: Carrying what? 
 Phoebe: A baby. She's pregnant. 
 Piper: Ohh... 
 Phoebe: No, no. She doesn't know yet. 
 Piper: What do we do? Do we tell her? I mean, we protect. We don't do prenatal. 
 Phoebe: No, this is not the kind of information Tanya needs right now. Especially from people she just met, who are telling her that some three-eyed demon wants to suck the life out of her. Suck the life out of her …Wait a minute, is it possible that it's not Tanya he wants? That it's her baby. 
 Piper: How would he know she's pregnant? 
 Phoebe: I don't know, maybe he sees the future too. Or else he's from it. 
 Piper: Excuse me? 
 Phoebe: The button. The police found a button by one of the last victims made out of some kind of funky metal they've never seen before. 
 Piper: Rewind. 
 Phoebe: Okay, there's a button that's not supposed to exist, a demon that the Book of Shadows says doesn't exist, and a baby no one knows exists. You got a better explanation? 
 Piper: Even if you're right, how do we find him? 
 Phoebe: Well, he wants Tanya, he'll find us. 
 Piper: He doesn't know where we are. 
 Phoebe: Well, he found Tanya at Bucklands, he saw me with Prue. 
 [Scene: Bucklands. Prue's office. Hannah's at the doorway.] 
 Hannah: Hey, last one out gets the lights. I'm, uh, going home. So, lock up when you leave. Um, Prue, about what I said earlier ... 
 Prue: Now's not a good time. 
 Hannah: I just wanted to say I'm sorry. 
 Prue: But you really wouldn't mean that would you? 
 Hannah: No! (She leaves.) 
 [Cut to outside Prue's office. Gavin walks around the corner heading for Prue's office.] 
 Commercial Break 
 [Scene: Buckland's. Prue's office. Gavin enters.] 
 Gavin: Excuse me. Are you Miss Halliwell? Prue Halliwell? 
 Prue: Yes. Did we have an appointment? 
 Gavin: No, actually I'm looking for someone and I believe you can help me. 
 Prue: I find objects, not people. 
 Gavin: Well, I think you might know her, I saw you talking to her earlier. Um, petite, brown hair, the two of you were over by the elevators. 
 Prue: I don't remember. 
 Gavin: Are you sure? 
 Prue: What do you want with her? 
 Gavin: She is hiding the woman I sent back to kill. 
 Prue: Sent back from where? 
 Gavin: The future. What are you doing? 
 Prue: Why kill Tanya? 
 Gavin: I don't want Tanya. I want what's inside her. 
 Prue: And the others, why kill them? 
 Gavin: Pieces of the puzzle. Pieces of the vaccine. Stop this! 
 (He goes for her but she uses her power to push the desk up against him. She runs outside.) 
 [Scene: Halliwell manor. Piper is ringing Prue.] 
 Piper: Answer. Come on, Prue, pick up. (The answering machine picks up. Piper hangs up.) There's no answer, it's after five, it's going straight to voice mail. 
 Phoebe: You have to go to Bucklands. 
 Piper: Okay, I'll grab my keys, you grab Tanya. 
 Phoebe: No, you have to go alone. If you bring Tanya with us and he's there, it's like bringing the feast to the lion and she can't stay here by herself. 
 Piper: But I need you, Phoebe, we need you. 
 Phoebe: I can't always be the power of three. 
 Piper: But what if we come here and you're all alone? 
 Phoebe: We'll be in the attic with the book. 
 Piper: Okay, be careful. (They hug.) 
 Phoebe: You too. 
 [Scene: Bucklands. Prue's running down the stairs and Gavin's following. She runs in a store room and hides.] 
 Gavin: I've got eight and a half months to find Tanya, Miss Halliwell. Plenty of time. Yours however, has run out. 
 [Cut to Prue's office. Piper runs in.] 
 Piper: Prue? (She sees the mess and Prue's purse on the floor.) Oh, no. (She runs back out of the office.) 
 [Cut back to the store room.] 
 Gavin: You can't hide from me forever. 
 Prue: What's the vaccine for? What does it protect against? 
 (He laughs.) 
 Gavin: Against me of course. And all other warlocks like me in the future. The parker child will be the one to bring together all the elements to create the vaccine which will destroy us. (He finds Prue.) Unless I stop him. (He picks her up by her neck and his third eye thing opens up. Piper runs in and freezes him.) 
 Piper: Hey, need a hand? 
 Prue: Yeah! (Piper grabs a crowbar and loosens Gavin's grip.) 
 Piper: He's not after Tanya, he's after her baby, she's pregnant. 
 Prue: I know. 
 Piper: Huh? 
 Prue: Truth spell, later. Where's Phoebe? 
 Piper: Home, protecting Tanya. 
 Prue: Well, what are you waiting for, Piper? Whack him. 
 Piper: No! Can't you move him? 
 Prue: Where? He's from the future. 
 Piper: Prue, he's gonna unfreeze soon. 
 Prue: Piper, just do it. 
 Piper: No, you do it. 
 Prue: No, do it! Piper! 
 (He unfreezes. Piper and Prue stick the crowbar in Gavin's third eye. Some big tornado thing comes and sucks him up.) 
 Prue: I love it when they clean up after themselves. 
 [Scene: Outside Andy's apartment.] 
 Andy: Prue. 
 Prue: Andy, I need to know how you feel about what I told you. 
 Andy: I'm gonna need a little more time. 
 Prue: I don't have time, Andy. I need to know before eight. 
 Andy: Alright, won't you come inside and we'll talk about it. 
 Prue: I can't. 
 Andy: Prue ... 
 Prue: Andy, no. Look, if I come inside and we'll have drinks, there'll be small talk and precious minutes will past. I need to know now. Can you or can you not accept that I am a witch? 
 Andy: If I had to answer right now ... I don't think so, Prue. I mean, there's nothing wrong with it I guess. It's just in my future, I have a vision of having ... (A clock chimes. It's 8:00.) What were we just talking about? 
 Prue: You don't remember? 
 Andy: Honestly, no. 
 Prue: You don't remember anything you've said to me in the last twenty-four hours? 
 Andy: No. It's really weird. You wanna come inside? 
 Prue: No, I have to go. (She kisses him.) Goodbye, Andy. 
 (She walks around the corner and starts crying.) 
 Commercial Break 
 [Scene: Quake. Piper and Phoebe are sitting at a table.] 
 Phoebe: (to a waiter) Excuse me, hello. What good is saving the future when I can't get a glass of water in the present? 
 Piper: Speaking of the future ... Where did Tanya go? 
 Phoebe: Oh, she went to the bathroom. Morning sickness. Only she thinks it's the Halibut. 
 Piper: Great, she'll probably sue the restaurant for food poisoning. Will this day ever end? 
 Phoebe: Actually it did. It's 8:20, the spell is over, the world is a safer place. 
 (Martin walks up to the table.) 
 Martin: Piper, I see you sitting. What is wrong with this picture? 
 Piper: You don't remember? 
 Martin: Remember what? Piper, I need you in the kitchen pronto. We're down to sue chef. 
 (He leaves.) 
 Piper: I don't believe it. I finally stand up for myself and quit and he doesn't remember. Wait a minute, everybody else's forgotten the truth, why do we still remember it? 
 Phoebe: Truth are consequences. Wiccan rule, right? Prue cast a spell for her own personal gain, now we have to deal with the fall out. 
 Piper: I'll be right back. I need to remind Martin of something. 
 Phoebe: Ooh, you go girl. 
 (Piper walks in the kitchen.) 
 Piper: Martin, we need to talk. (He throws her an apron.) 
 Martin: Excuse you. 
 Piper: I can not, no, I will not do everything by myself anymore. I need help. You restaurant needs help. You need another manager, sure chef, hostess and an extra bus boy on the weekends. If you will not agree to hire these people, than tell me now and I'll quit. 
 Martin: What took you so long? All you had to do was ask. 
 Piper: Really? I mean, okay. I'll see you tomorrow. 
 Martin: But I-I-I just ... 
 Piper: It's my night off. (She walks towards the door and pushes it open, hitting Leo in the face on the other side.) Oh, Leo! I'm so sorry. Are you okay? 
 Leo: Yeah, fine, just, uh, surprised. 
 Piper: Yeah, me too. What are you doing here? 
 Leo: Well, I wanted to see you, I just um ... I have this really strange feeling that I did something that I should apologize for. Did I? 
 Piper: No, no. Definitely not. Can I buy you a drink? 
 [Cut to Phoebe. Prue walks up to the table.] 
 Prue: Hey. 
 Phoebe: Hey. How'd it go? 
 Prue: Not well. 
 Phoebe: Oh, Prue, I'm so sorry. 
 Prue: Yeah, me too, but I cast the spell for an answer and I got it. Even if it wasn't the one I wanted. 
 (They hug.) 
 End 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 