Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 04x10 - Carnage of Krell - Star Wars: The Clone Wars 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 04x10 - Carnage of Krell https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=990&t=41924 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/30/21 09:03 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 04x10 - Carnage of Krell 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 NARRATOR: While fighting to control the darkened world of Umbara, Anakin Skywalker's battalion is temporarily placed under the command of Jedi General Pong Krell. 
 As Krell's disastrous strategies result in increasing casualties, his men begin to turn against him. 
 Captain Rex struggles to balance loyalty between his commander and his fellow men. 
 Under his watch, Fives and Jesse disobey Krell's orders, resulting in their court-martial. 
 (THUNDER RUMBLING) 
 General Krell, I respectfully request you reconsider court-martialing Fives and Jesse. 
 The actions of ARC trooper 5555 and CT-5597 were a clear act of treachery and disregard for my command. 
 If punishment isn't swift, their defiance may inspire others to follow suit. 
 Sir, the men are with you. 
 It's just that some of them feel you're putting their lives in danger needlessly. 
 All the more reason to send a clear message that I am in charge and insubordination will not be tolerated. 
 The truth is, these clones have had a difficult time respecting my command since the beginning. 
 I've seen it before. 
 Some clones are just defective. They aren't able to succumb to authority. 
 You're right, Captain. 
 I don't think I can court-martial them. 
 It will only be a waste of time and that's something we don't have. 
 I'm afraid they'll need to be disposed of. 
 Prepare a squad for execution. 
 (STAMMERING) What? But, sir... 
 KRELL: You heard me, Captain. 
 Have it done immediately, or I'll do it myself. 
 Fives, Jesse, I'm sorry. 
 General Krell has ordered your execution immediately. 
 What? But how? He can't do this! 
 He has authority to render punishment during combat. 
 I can understand a court-martial and locking us up in the brig, but executing us? 
 I tried to convince him that it's my fault, but he wouldn't let me. 
 Rex, you have to face it, he's been using you. 
 He needs your loyalty to control the others. 
 (REX SIGHING) 
 I won't let him get away with this. 
 Don't beat yourself up about it. 
 We made our choice. We knew what the price was. 
 Speak for yourself. 
 (CHUCKLES) Still got your sense of humor, I see. 
 -Yeah, who said I was joking? -Well... 
 (SIGHING) 
 I guess this is it. 
 Line up the prisoners. 
 Well, I've officially lost my sense of humor. 
 Will the prisoners request to be blindfolded? 
 I'll take that as a no. 
 I hope you can live with yourself, Dogma. 
 Ready weapons. 
 Never thought we'd go out this way. 
 Aim. 
 Wait! 
 This is wrong and we all know it! 
 The general is making a mistake, and he needs to be called on it. 
 No clone should have to go out this way! 
 We're loyal soldiers! 
 We follow orders, but we are not a bunch of unthinking droids! 
 We are men! We must be trusted to make the right decisions! 
 Especially when the orders we are given are wrong! 
 Fire! 
 What... What happened? 
 They're doing the right thing, Dogma. 
 Because if this is how soldiers are rewarded for heroic actions, then one day, every man in this battalion may face a similar fate. 
 -Take off their binders. -No! 
 We have orders! We have to go through with this! 
 Good luck finding anyone to do it. 
 You wanted us, sir? 
 I ordered those clones to be destroyed. 
 You are making a mistake by crossing me, clone. 
 It's Captain, sir. 
 (GROWLING) 
 -General, there's an incoming transmission. -Put it through. 
 General, the Umbarans have stepped up their offensive. 
 We're holding them off, but their squadrons have ambushed one of our platoons, seizing weapons and uniforms. 
 We believe they may be planning to launch a massive attack. 
 Looks like you have your stay of execution for now. 
 Look the traitors in the brig, and prepare your platoons to move out immediately. 
 We need to pre-empt the enemy by hitting them now with everything we've got. 
 We're finally going to take the capital. 
 And, Captain, make sure the troops are aware that the enemy may disguise themselves as clones to try to trick us. 
 I will, Sir. 
 REX: Stay alert. 
 The enemy has our weapons and our armor, they may try to trick us with an ambush. 
 Watch out, Dogma! 
 I saw that thing attack Hardcase. 
 It'll chew you up and spit you out. 
 Here, watch. 
 (GROWLING) 
 Ew! 
 -Gross. -We're under attack! 
 -Where's the enemy? -I don't know! I can't see anything. 
 Get those mortars up here! 
 Anyone have a visual? 
 KIX: Negative. It's too dark. 
 Wait! I see them! 
 They're disguised as clones, all right. 
 (GRUNTS) 
 -Captain, where are you? -We're sustaining heavy casualties! 
 What? 
 Everyone, stop firing! We're shooting at our own men! 
 They're not Umbarans! They're clones! 
 Take off your helmets! Show them you're not the enemy. 
 -They're clones! -Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! 
 Everyone, stop firing. 
 Cease fire! They're not Umbarans. They're clones! 
 What the... 
 Look! We're clones! We're all clones! 
 What? 
 This can't be happening. What have we done? 
 I don't understand. Why did these troopers attack us? 
 Captain, I've found their platoon leader. It's Waxer, he's still alive. 
 Waxen. 
 Tell me who gave you the orders to attack us. 
 (GASPING) 
 It... It was General Krell. 
 (COUGHING) 
 He sent us to these coordinates to stop the enemy. 
 We thought they were wearing our armor, but it was... 
 You. 
 We all know who's responsible for what happened out there. 
 What we don't know, is why. 
 Something has to be done. 
 What I'm proposing is highly treasonous. 
 If any man chooses to opt out, do it now. 
 From this point forward, we are entering uncharted territory. 
 My orders are, we arrest General Krell for treason against the Republic. 
 General Krell, you are being relieved of duty. 
 It's treason then. 
 Surrender, General. 
 -You're committing mutiny, Captain. -Explain your actions! 
 My actions? 
 For ordering your troops against one another. 
 Oh, that. 
 I'm surprised you were able to figure it out, for a clone. 
 Surrender, General. You're outnumbered! 
 You dare to attack a Jedi? 
 (CLONES GRUNTING) 
 I will not be undermined by creatures bred in some laboratory! 
 CLONE: Get him! 
 Hold it right there! 
 -Lower your weapon, Dogma! -I can't do that, sir. 
 -That's an order! -It's my duty! 
 You're all traitors! 
 I used to believe that being a good soldier meant doing everything they told you. 
 That's how they engineered us. 
 But we're not droids. We're not programmed. 
 You have to learn to make your own decisions. 
 Dogma, don't do it. 
 Take him to the brig. Troopers, don't let General Krell escape! 
 Anybody got anything? 
 CLONE: Negative, Captain. We lost him. 
 -Wait! -(LIGHTSABER WHOOSHING) 
 -(BLASTER FIRES) -(CLONE GRUNTS) 
 
 
 
 He's too powerful! 
 Hurry! 
 FIVES: He's coming! 
 KRELL: You should have listened to the ARC trooper from the beginning, Captain. 
 (KRELL LAUGHING) 
 (ECHOING) He was right. I was using you. 
 (CONTINUES LAUGHING) 
 -You've all been my pawns. -Get him! 
 (LAUGHING) 
 (CLONE SCREAMS) 
 (GROWLING) 
 Captain Rex, this is Tup. If you can, force the General towards me! 
 -What? Why? -Trust me, sir! 
 Troopers, listen up! Circle around, lure him towards Tup. 
 (KRELL LAUGHING) 
 TUP: Hey, ugly, come and get me! 
 -(GRUNTS) -(GROWLING) 
 (STRAINING) 
 (SCREAMING) 
 (GROANING) 
 TUP: I stunned him, sir. 
 Nice work, Tup. 
 (GROWLING) 
 Why, General? Why kill your own men? 
 (CHUCKLING) 
 Because I can. 
 Because you fell for it. 
 Because you're inferior. 
 But you're a Jedi! How could you? 
 A Jedi? (LAUGHING) 
 I'm no longer naive enough to be a Jedi. 
 A new power is rising, I've foreseen it. 
 The Jedi are going to lose this war, and the Republic will be ripped apart from the inside. 
 In its place is going to rise a new order, and I will rule as part of it. 
 You're a Separatist! 
 I serve no one's side, only my own. 
 And soon, my new master. 
 You're an agent of Dooku. 
 Not yet, but when I get out of here, I will be. 
 After I've succeeded in driving the Republic from Umbara, the Count will reward my actions and make me his new apprentice. 
 How could you do this? You had my trust! 
 My loyalty! I followed all of your orders, and you made me kill my brothers. 
 (LAUGHING) 
 That's because you were the biggest fool of them all, Dogma. 
 I counted on blind loyalty like yours to make my plan succeed. 
 That will never happen. 
 You're a traitor, General, and you'll be dealt with as one. 
 You never learn, Captain. 
 The Umbarans are going to retake this base. 
 And when they do, I will be free. 
 Captain, we've repaired the transmitter. It looks like it was sabotaged. 
 We received a message from General Kenobi. 
 His forces have captured the capital, but the remaining Umbarans are heading here! 
 Get everyone on the perimeter! We need to prepare for a full-scale attack. 
 Yes, sir! 
 Krell sabotaged the transmitter. He's been against us from the beginning. 
 If the Umbarans get to him, he'll turn over all our intel. 
 The defense codes, everything. 
 He'll strike a crippling blow to the Republic. 
 Something has to be done. 
 We can't risk the possibility that he might escape. 
 As long as Krell's alive, he's a threat to every one of us. 
 I agree. 
 Turn around and step toward the wall. 
 On your knees. 
 (CHUCKLING) 
 You're in a position of power now. How does it feel? 
 I said, on your knees. 
 It feels good, doesn't it? 
 But I can sense your fear. 
 You're shaking, aren't you? 
 What are you waiting for? The Umbarans are getting closer. 
 I have to do this. 
 You can't do it, can you? 
 Eventually, you'll have to do 
 -the right thing... -(WEAPON FIRING) 
 (GROANING) 
 I... I had to. 
 He betrayed us. 
 General Kenobi's battalions have routed the last hold-outs of Umbarans, and we've secured all sectors. We did it. We took Umbara. 
 What's the point of all this? 
 I mean, why? 
 I don't know, sir. I don't think anybody knows. 
 But I do know that someday this war is gonna end. 
 Then what? We're soldiers. What happens to us then? 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 