Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x01 - Episode 1 - Vixen 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x01 - Episode 1 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=411&t=20137 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/27/15 01:01 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x01 - Episode 1 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 McCabe. 
 Let's go. 
 Go where? 
 Your bail's been posted. 
 By who? 
 1 jacket, leather. 1 napsack, left strap torn. 
 Contents: 26 dollars in ones and fives. 
 1 sketchbook, fashion designs Not bad. 
 You looked through my sketchbook? 
 I get bored. 
 1 technical pen and 1 necklace. 
 That's pretty. Where did you get it? 
 Family heirloom. 
 Give you 20 bucks for it. 
 It's the wife's birthday. I... forgot to get her something. 
 Tell you what - 50 bucks. 
 Hey, sweetie. 
 You posted my bail? 
 Not the father-daughter reunion I dreamt of, but... 
 Good thing for both of us you're not my father then. 
 I told you no matter mow many fosters you throw in front of it, I'm always gonna be your pop. 
 Gotta say, though, it hurt a little - you being back in Motor City and not looking me up. 
 Sorry, was busy getting thrown in jail. 
 Wanna bite to eat? 
 So, what brings you back to Detroit? 
 Job interview. 
 Fashion design? 
 The guy was a jerk. 
 He said my work lacks identity. 
 Which kind of makes sense, since I am kinda black in identity myself. 
 So you stabbed him in the hand with a pencil. 
 No. I stabbed him in the hand with a pen. 
 And that was only after he suggested I could have the job if I gave him one. 
 Betty would be proud of you for that. 
 She always secretly liked that you stood up for yourself. 
 It doesn't feel the same without her chewing me out right now. 
 She always get so pissed off. 
 Wish she was here right now. 
 Me too. 
 So... 
 You find whatever it is you were looking for outside of Michigan? 
 You can say it. 
 But here I am. (?) 
 So you find them? 
 No, I found nothing. 
 I... 
 Give up the necklace, bitch. 
 Here, here! 15 dollars inside. It's yours! Just... 
 I'm not gonna say it again. Give me that necklace or you're gonna get a bullet through your eye! 
 Transcribed by basiadora 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 