Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x03 - Episode 3 - Vixen 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x03 - Episode 3 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=411&t=22459 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 09/10/15 14:19 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x03 - Episode 3 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Okay, explain that to me again. 
 I think... 
 You think your necklace is magic? 
 .. Ish. 
 You didn't see it, what I did to those guys. 
 What I could do. 
 You think I'm crazy? 
 I don't think your crazy, I think the idea that your necklace is magic might a little-bit crazy. 
 I know, but it what if it is not? 
 Before coming back to Detroit, I spend some time in Central City. 
 I know where you going with this... 
 And believe me when I tell you, that "crazy" just might be the new normal. 
 Sweetie, what are you doing? 
 Think that guy hit me in the head a little harder than I thought. 
 Four years you've been gone Please tell me you didn't come home just to jump off the roof of my house. 
 You saw what I did to the table. 
 I really need to start drinking right now. 
 Chuck, are you seeing this? 
 Yeah, and I'm here to tell you that seeing is definitely not believing. 
 Jesus! 
 Mari, whatever you thinking about doing, how about you don't do it? 
 You are so no going to believe this. 
 You know the facial recognition algorithm Felicity helped us out with? 
 I modified it to fight any activity that could be meta-human. 
 Are you listening to me? 
 Sorry, I have a USB drive containing crime scenes setups, but I can't find it at the station. 
 So I'm praying it might be here... which is not. 
 Barry. Focus. 
 Meta-human. 
 
 
 
 I'm am so dead. Captain Singh is going to kill me. 
 Just look at this. 
 Our very first extra-meta-human sighting. 
 I'm calling her... Vixen Because what? She moves like a fox? 
 Because it's a fox. 
 Check out that hotness. 
 Wait, where in Central City is it? 
 That would be the last cool part. 
 Detroit. 
 I know, I know... 
 Coast City or Bahamas that would be better, but... 
 You still gonna check this out, right? 
 Not alone. 
 A Meta-human outside Central City could be something... more. 
 I should bring backup. 
 Finally. 
 I've been dying to get back on the field. 
 Not you, Cisco. 
 Could you at least bring me back to... 
 And he is gone. 
 You know what this could mean for me? 
 A mask and a cape? 
 My whole life there's been... 
 Something missing. 
 This necklace could change all that. 
 I don't know how... 
 And I know it sounds crazy, but... 
 What if the most amazing thing it can do is lead me to some answers... 
 To find out... 
 Finally find out... 
 Who I am. 
 I'll get it. 
 Probably the Magical Necklace Collection Agency. 
 Who's at the door? 
 People to see you I'm pretty sure. 
 Mari McCabe? 
 She's moves fast. 
 Compared to who? 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 