Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x06 - Season 2, Episode 6 - Vixen 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x06 - Season 2, Episode 6 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=411&t=29931 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 11/23/16 22:26 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x06 - Season 2, Episode 6 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 You can't stop me. 
 You're weak, pathetic. Not worthy of the totem around your neck. 
 You know it in your bones that you're not fit to wield the totem. 
 You can fight... and fight... and fight... but you know there is no hope. 
 You're right. But I don't need hope. 
 I don't need faith. I don't need magic. 
 I just need to beat you. 
 Not so tough in water, are you? 
 Please tell me you've got it. 
 You should be the one giving me the jewelry. 
 See? That's what you get for being funny. 
 Please tell me you've figured out how to sever his bond with the totem. 
 You have to smash it. 
 It took you reading that really old book to tell you that? 
 Every totem has a soul. 
 And the soul will go back to the gods when broken by someone of great  akbarrah . 
 You're sure? 
 No exhibit for you then. 
 Smash the thing! 
 You need more. 
 More of what? 
 More help. 
 By the way... What does  "akbarrah"  mean? 
 Is that a phrase from (Aladdin|Latin)? 
 It means "strength." 
 This had to be done by someone with great strength. 
 We weren't sure you'd come. 
 He wasn't sure. 
 You owe me 20 bucks, BTW. 
 When did everyone start saying that? That was my thing! 
 Well, maybe it's catching up. 
 I thought you didn't like leaving Detroit. 
 Whether it's in my village or someone else's... it's my calling to help people in need. 
 Look out! 
 You ready to prove that, Mari? 
 Actually... call me Vixen. 
 (transcribed by basiadora) 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 