Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x06 - Episode 6 - Vixen 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x06 - Episode 6 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=411&t=22658 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 09/29/15 08:34 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x06 - Episode 6 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Mari. Awaken, my child. 
 It is not yet time for you, She-Spirit. 
 You must stop the pretender. 
 The darkness has infected her. 
 That is why your mother left this land. 
 She knew she had to put as much distance between your sister and the totem, and you. 
 Embrace your true calling. 
 We will stand with you as long as you stand with us. 
 Do not fear the power in you. 
 Embrace your true calling. 
 We will stand with you as long as you stand with us. 
 Mari! 
 I will stand with you! 
 Hey! 
 I know we just met, but I'm pretty sure you're the history of mental illness in the family. 
 The planes did not claim you. Impressive. 
 I've heard about sisters always stealing the younger ones' stuff. 
 I've stolen nothing. 
 I've merely reclaimed what was always mine by right. 
 The totem told me different. 
 According to the animal spirits, mum wanted to get as far away from you as possible. 
 I must say... I'm disappointed. 
 What form should I use to kill you? 
 You think this changes anything? 
 I am the She-Spirit now! 
 Me! 
 I will not be afraid. 
 I will embrace my destiny. I will cling fast to my ancestors. 
 You think a mere stick can harm ME? 
 Looks like it worked just fine. 
 No. 
 What've you done? 
 Whatever's in that poison works a lot faster when exposed directly to the bloodstream. 
 But that's just a guess! 
 This cannot be happening. The totem is mine! 
 It's MINE! 
 No! 
 The totem is ours. 
 Our family's. 
 This... isn't... over... 
 I gotta be honest. It looks pretty over. 
 My whole life... I thought if I knew where I came from, I'd learn where I was going, what my purpose in life is. 
 Turns out... I was right. 
 
 
 
 So now, you're giving up fashion design to become... what? A hero? 
 I'm not giving up my art. 
 The truth is... that jerk I stabbed in the hand... He was right. 
 My work lacked identity, because I didn't have it. 
 And now I do. 
 So, fashion design by day and takin' on muggers at night? 
 The totem is supposed to help me protect my village. 
 Detroit is my village. 
 It's my home. 
 You never said that before. 
 I haven't said a lot of things before. 
 Things I should have said a long time ago. 
 I love you, dad. 
 I love you too. 
 Dad... Can you... 
 give me a minute? 
 I thought I told you if you came back here, I'd disembowel you. 
 We took that to mean you'd try. 
 I know he seems cold and off-putting, but once you get to know him... 
 Well, then he is definitely cold and off-putting. 
 My point is... 
 It was foolish of you to think we'd stay away just because you told us to. 
 Almost as foolish as you taking on Detroit's criminal element 
 ...in a brown leotard. 
 And what's wrong with brown? 
 I mean... 
 you don't have any training. 
 Look, give me a chance to figure things on my own for a while. 
 All right? 
 Sounds fair. 
 Good luck, Mari. 
 If you're ever ***, you know who to call. 
 Hey, I thought I was supposed to have a cool name, or something. 
 You think the "Arrow" is cool? 
 Keep talking, Flash. 
 If it helps, Cisco's been calling you "Vixen". 
 Not that "Cisco" is a name of anyone affiliated with me. 
 He's not. I mean, if there was a Cisco affiliated with me. 
 Which there isn't. 
 Were you and Felicity separated at birth? 
 I hope not. 'Cause if we had been, that kiss would be weird. 
 You kissed her? 
 You know what? I gotta run. 
 This life isn't easy. 
 I figure, but I can handle it. 
 You sound pretty sure. 
 I know who I am. 
 I'm Vixen. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 