Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x03 - Season 2, Episode 3 - Vixen 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x03 - Season 2, Episode 3 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=411&t=29362 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/29/16 09:58 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x03 - Season 2, Episode 3 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 What did you say? 
 You look just like your mother. 
 My mother? 
 How do you know my... 
 (grunts) 
 (both grunting) 
 (grunts) 
 I've scoured all of Africa for the lost totems of Zambesi. 
 And in one evening, I am presented with not just one, but two of them. 
 Who the hell are you? And how do you know my mother? 
 Man : Look out! 
 (people gasping) 
 Get away! 
 (people gasping) 
 (clamoring) 
 I think we can still part on good terms. 
 Hand over your totem and I'll let you go peacefully. 
 Really? You promise? 
 (both grunting) 
 (Eshu grunts) 
 (grunts) 
 (gasps) 
 So you actually witnessed him use the totem to control fire? 
 No, I just burned myself on a curling iron. 
 Incredible. 
 Each totem harnesses a different, but equal force for a reason. 
 To maintain a balance. 
 How am I supposed to balance that kind of power? 
 You didn't see what he was capable of. 
 Tell me something useful. 
 Something that will help me stop this monster before he burns up half of Detroit. 
 I can only approach this as a historian. 
 What you need is someone who understands the magic. 
 Do you know someone like that? 
 I believe I do. 
 And you know her too. 
 What are you doing here? 
 Come to see what you did to me? 
 I don't think either of us has the kind of time it would take to explain just how screwed up that statement is. 
 Instead, maybe let's stop pretending you're not the villain here. 
 You're the one who abandoned her ancestors. 
 No. I left a sister who tried to kill me. 
 Oh, is that how you justify what you did to me? 
 The poison you subjected me to did its work. 
 The magic I held at my disposal for so many years turned on me. 
 (coughs) 
 Now I'm just a hollow thing. 
 And you come here now to taunt me. 
 No, to ask about this man. 
 A Zambesian Ambassador who arrived at Detroit last week. 
 He said I looked like our mother. 
 Did she know him? 
 Do you? 
 I know this man. 
 Not as some government official, as a murderer. 
 (gunshots) 
 He led the raid that destroyed our village. 
 Killed our father. 
 Killed everyone. 
 
 
 
 Kuasa! 
 Kuasa! Where are you? 
 Ah, just what I was looking for. 
 There's nothing here for you, Eshu. 
 General Eshu. 
 And what I seek lies around your neck. 
 Kuasa : Our mother tried to defend our village with the spirit totem. 
 (wailing) 
 In doing so, she nearly lost her life. 
 She had a choice. 
 To die fighting... 
 Or to save you. 
 It seems she only thought one daughter was worth living for. 
 This man calls himself Eshu. 
 And now he's come to Detroit. 
 For you. For the totem. 
 I think this totem's just an unexpected bonus. 
 He has the Zambesi Fire Totem. 
 Then Detroit will burn until both totems are in his hands. 
 He craves dominance over all beings. 
 He already has one totem. (coughs) 
 And if gets ours... 
 You mean mine. 
 You tried a spell to sever my link with this totem. 
 Is there something similar we could try with his? 
 Our ancestors relied on spoken word and song to pass on such vital information. 
 And much has been lost. 
 There is a collection of stories and poems from this region in the University archives. 
 There may be a more direct option. (gasps) 
 There are five totems. 
 Earth, Air, Fire, Water and Spirit. 
 Which one to best combat fire? 
 Water. 
 I spent six months in Zambesi, the water totem wasn't here. I have no idea where to find it. 
 I do. 
 And if you want it, you'll let me join you in this fight. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 