Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x05 - Episode 5 - Vixen 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x05 - Episode 5 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=411&t=22562 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 09/22/15 06:00 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x05 - Episode 5 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Hand me the totem, or I will have one of these men kill you. 
 Fine! You think I want some crazy magic totem thing? 
 It's not my style even. 
 I just held on to it for sentimental reasons. 
 All I wanna know is where it came from. 
 You tell me that and I'll give it to you right now. 
 I... I can't get it off. 
 You're lying! 
 Oh, no. 
 What? 
 It's bound itself to you. 
 Fine. 
 I'll remove it from her corpse. 
 There! 
 Welcome. 
 Hey, crazy lunatic lady. 
 Try to get this: first, you committed kidnapping; second, I was being serious about giving you the necklace before you decided to go all psycho on my ass. 
 So, we'll figure out the way to get this thing off my neck, without me losing my neck. 
 There's absolutely zero need for all... for all this. 
 All right? 
 So you were telling the truth? 
 When you said you just wanted to know where the totem came from? 
 Specifically, where <b>I</b> came from, who my family is. 
 My real family. 
 In that case, you're in quite a bit of luck. 
 I'm your family. 
 You're my sister. 
 Welcome home. 
 This is Zambesi. 
 It's in M-Changa Province, which is in- 
 ...Africa? You took me to Africa? 
 You kidnapped me all the way to Africa?! 
 I'm giving you everything you asked for, Mari. 
 I brought you here, because this... is where the totem belongs, where you were born. 
 
 
 
 Our people asked the god Anansi to protect them. 
 He's known as "The Trickster," 
 able to take any shape he wishes to combat his enemies. 
 In exchange for our worship, he gave us a totem to channel his power. 
 A gift to be passed from generation to generation. 
 I was but four when I was chosen. 
 One day, the local warlord sent his men to raid the village of what little we had to offer. 
 Our father tried to protect our home... and was executed. 
 Without a second's thought. 
 Followed shortly after by the burning of our village. 
 Our mother left, with two things the most precious... 
 the totem... and you. 
 I'm sorry. I had no idea. 
 I was the totem's guardian. 
 It was my responsibility to see that our village did not come down. 
 That's so horrible. 
 Zambesi may be nothing but ash and cinder, but it is still my home, still my secret obligation... 
 to protect it. 
 From who? 
 There's... There's nothing left. 
 There is responsibility... even to the dead. 
 Especially, to the dead. 
 Okay. 
 Obviously, there's a whole lot I don't understand here. 
 Without the totem, I had to strike bargains... with others, who also craved its power. 
 So, when I found out that you had the totem, I had to come after it. 
 The totem's sensed to me. 
 That's why it came alive for you. 
 Unfortunately, it also bonded with you, and there's only one way to sever that connection. 
 What are you... 
 I'm very sorry. 
 We've only just been reunited, but my first obligation is to Zambesi. 
 You understand? 
 No, not at all. Bye! 
 The spider is the true form of Anansi. 
 With its bite, the bond between you and the totem will be broken. 
 Patience. She will not get far. 
 Finally! 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 