Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x04 - Episode 4 - Vixen 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x04 - Episode 4 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=411&t=22502 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 09/15/15 11:41 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x04 - Episode 4 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Miss McCabe! Stop! 
 I'm not letting you put me away! 
 Stop! 
 I know, I know, I've failed my city. 
 Hold her! 
 Does it look like I'm not trying? 
 She can teleport. That is so cool. 
 It's not teleportation. 
 You never believe in superpowers. 
 Camouflage! 
 Still, equally cool. 
 Move fast! 
 What I do. 
 Oh, crap! 
 Okay. That is actually cooler than teleportation. 
 Enough! We're not putting you in jail. 
 We just wanna talk. 
 <i>Just talk.</i> 
 Let me handle this. I kinda have a rapport with meta-humans. 
 You throw them in your Pipeline prison. 
 Not helping. 
 Meta-humans? 
 People who got powers as a result of exposure to fallout from the S.T.A.R. Labs particle accelerator explosion. 
 Yeah, sorry to burst your bubble, but I wasn't even in Central City when that went down. 
 
 
 
 Felicity, you there? 
 Just me and my fern, or your fern, though, let's be honest - I'm the one who waters it. 
 Tell her I said hi. 
 Hi, Barry! 
 Mari McCabe. I need to know whether she was in Central City the night of December 11th, 2013. 
 Miss McCabe was in Detroit the night of the particle accelerator explosion. 
 At least her credit card was at the Big Belly Burger. 
 She has a thing for their iceberg shake. 
 She wasn't in Central City. 
 That's not possible! What we've seen her do is not possible. 
 A lot of people would say what you do is impossible. 
 I mean without reaction to a dark matter explosion. 
 What I can do - I think it's magic. 
 But it's not against the law, so I really don't see what business I am of yours. 
 My colleague has friends who can help people like yourself. 
 Look, the only thing I give a damn about is nothing you two can help me with. 
 Why not give us a try? 
 We're actually pretty resourceful. 
 Show up at my father's house, and you're gonna get a really good idea of what it's like to be disemboweled by a lion. 
 I think that went pretty well. 
 How do you figure? 
 Usually, when I meet a meta for the first time, I get beat up a little. 
 I need to talk to you. 
 Is everything all right? 
 Yes... 
 No. 
 I'm not sure. I'm... 
 It's okay. It's okay. What's going on? 
 It's hard to explain, but, well... 
 There are two men after me. 
 Did you call the police? 
 It's not that kind of situation. 
 I need you to help me find out where this came from, how I got it, who gave it to me. 
 What makes you think I could help you with any of those things? 
 I know you said this was all just myth. 
 I'm really hoping that's the last thing you're wrong about. 
 I'm sorry, Mari. I'm very sorry about this. 
 About what? 
 I tried to do this in other way, Mari. A more subtle way. But your surprising capacity has given me no choice. 
 Hand me the totem, or I will have one of these men kill you. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 