Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 03x06 - Supply and Demand - X Company 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 03x06 - Supply and Demand https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=215&t=31068 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/16/17 03:20 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 03x06 - Supply and Demand 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on  X Company... 
 Sometimes, your friend is a mole. You might have to kill someone you know. 
 The rendezvous is set. Your contacts are expecting you. 
 We'll do you proud, sir. 
 Sending them into the field? 
 I made my decision. 
 Race and Resettlement, that's us. 
 Frau Bauer,  it means a great deal to me that you're here. 
 Heidi says that the whole town is understaffed. 
 The train station? 
 I might be able to track oil shipments. 
 You're gonna need some Polish papers. I'll see what I can find 
 at the office. 
 Alec, this is my daughter... 
 Irena. 
 Pleased to meet you. Show Alec around, will you? When can you start? Uh, now. Perfect. There are Allied spies  among the Polish Resistance. Two men in the forest  and someone working among us. This is now your top priority. I need to know if they're targeting Marigold. We have a mole. (theme music) S03E06 Supply and Demand Sir? Peter and David made their check-in. They're on track to rendezvous with Aurora's team later today. Good. Krystina, let's just clear the air here... And this needs your signature. A transfer request. I am a proficient radio operator. I speak fluent Polish. David is a promising agent, but he failed his final field test. Krystina... Which is why, in my professional opinion, he was not ready to be deployed. I choose agents for missions based on a variety of factors, Sergeant. It's not always about performance at the Camp. Which means you didn't trust my judgment. And if you don't trust my judgment, what am I doing here? So, if you'll sign... Sergeant. I'm sorry, it's urgent. Our contact at the Reichsmuseum, he was questioned by German officials this morning about Helene Bauer. The Nazis are digging into Aurora's cover. Good morning. Marlene, Lotte. I need to speak to you, Helene. Is everything all right? Actually, no. Something troubling has come to my attention and, to be honest, I feel betrayed. We've discovered the Polish Resistance have a source in our office. Do they know who? We've been digging into every worker with a fine-tooth comb. I wanted to be certain. I spoke to your old boss at the Reichsmuseum just this morning. Oh, really? I don't know how you put up with that man. (Aurora chuckling) He bored me to death in one phone call. He didn't bring up his philosophy of aesthetics, did he? Your background check was clear. I knew it would be. Of course. And the others? All clear. The Germans anyway. No, I knew all along who the leak was. I should have. I was trying to be efficient, use the available labour source. It was only ever meant to be a temporary solution, but... The Jewish workers? Duplicity is in their nature. They cannot be trusted. (sinister music) They'll be contained in their basement cells for questioning. Come on! Let's go! No! What's going on? You, come with me! Move! They just transmitted. They're gonna be at the rendezvous in a few hours. Green agents on a mission like this? Makes you wonder what he's thinking. We were all new once. Yeah, we weren't sabotaging oil refineries our first time out the nest. No, you blew up a bridge. Doesn't matter much if we don't find the refineries, does it? Our asset hasn't been much help. Faber's job is handling Resistance. He can't ask too many questions without Schmidt getting suspicious. Can't or won't? It's gonna take time. Schmidt doesn't trust him yet. Neither do I. Doesn't stop us putting our lives in his hands, does it? What about the train station? Have you traced oil shipments? They're covering their tracks, using code words for all the cargo. How'd you know that? They're shipping "grain" when the harvest isn't in. Two trains were listed as carrying "iron," but there's no way those engines could pull the load. If they're using codes, there has to be a key. I've searched the office. The safe? Picked it last night. Nothing. Who uses the codes? Karl, the manager. He carries a notebook, never lets it out of his sight, but he takes it home at night. That sounds like you need to go home with him too. Karl the manager's got a daughter, right? Yeah. What would Tom do? You startled me. Ha! I didn't hear you there, Alec. I was hoping you could remind me how to process this. It's confusing, all these numbers and codes. You take the warehouse inventory and cross-check the box codes against the manifest. But you already knew that. My father is very impressed at how quickly you've picked it up. He's never met someone who can remember more about a particular engine than he can. I've always liked trains. Oh, him too. He's like a little boy. He has a model in his study at home. So... I have to wonder, why would you pretend to need my help now? You look very pretty in that dress. Matches your eyes. Thank you. But my eyes are blue. They're teal, like the buttons. I'm sorry, I'm not very good at this. Would you like to join my family for lunch after church tomorrow, Alec? Franz Faber : What are your plans for the day? I should unpack, but I just can't. I've dragged the same set of dishes across three countries. Shopping then for a new set? (Sabine chuckling) I've joined the Women's League. I want to do something I can feel good about. My wedding ring. How do you have this? When I escaped, I couldn't leave it behind. I thought you would want it back. Unless there are too many bad memories from when it was taken? Do you want a new one? You know what I want. Your plan back in Paris, Franz. We were going to run away to Spain, to get away from everything. We don't have a choice. You know this. Why are you risking so much? I don't understand it. Who was responsible for taking the minutes at the staff meeting this morning? Speak up. It's bad enough having to pick up your slack. These are practically unreadable. How am I supposed to type this? You, come here. Do you read shorthand? No? Please. (Aurora sighs.) Here's some food. There's enough to share, but we need to talk. I know why you are here. Jana, please. There's a train Monday morning. I filed the transport memorandum myself. I didn't realize at the time; it's going to the camps. We will be on it, whether I say something or not. Don't worry. (small sigh of relief) I'll come back for you. I'll get you out, all of you. I promise. Ahem! Thank you. Obergruppenfuhrer.  Was I expecting you this morning? I'm waiting for my car's refuel. I was hoping for an update on your progress finding the Allied spies in Pruszko. Intelligence is precision work. It takes time. My operation is in a delicate phase. I need to know if the spies are just here to rabble-rouse with the ruffians in the woods or if they know about Marigold. I've secured the office against an internal leak, but we're still gathering intelligence on the Resistance. If they're working with spies, I'll find them. I imagine you are highly motivated. It's healing well. Sabine will be pleased. I could protect Marigold better if I knew what it was,  Obergruppenfuhrer. I have the RSD for protection. The Fuhrer's Guard doesn't normally take assignments outside of his protection. They do for an operation this important. All I need from you is to find out what the Allies know about Marigold, if anything. How is Sabine? She's well. Keeping busy? She's become involved with the Women's League down the hall. It will be good for her to make some friends. Her happiness is my first concern. A woman is most content with a family to care for, Franz. (crowd chatter) man :  Attention all passengers. This is the final call for the train departing from Warsaw, from track 2. Can I help you, madam? I hope so. I need to transport several packages from the Town Hall. I know it's last minute, but it has to be tomorrow. It's quite urgent. There's a 1:30 train west, out of town. Very few passengers; the Germans haven't commandeered any space for soldiers. I'm sure there's room for some extra cargo. Wonderful! Can someone come and pick them up? I'm afraid I'm not here tomorrow. Hm. I don't think I can lift them myself. Irena, do you have any cargo packing slips? I've run out. I'll get some from the back. I'll leave the door to Car 20 unlocked, but I need you to take this to Faber. Getting any closer to the Marigold refinery? Not yet. But I am going to the station manager's house tomorrow to see if I can. How? I have a date. Aurora : Oh. Um... Here you go. I'm sure I can take care of the packages myself. It's fine. He's so kind to help. Yes, he's very thoughtful. woman : Be right there. (indistinct chatter) 3 o'clock bus is always late. The 4 o'clock never comes at all. Whitby sends her regards. I thought you had another one with you. He's holed up with supplies. Let's collect him and get on with it then. Gladly. Wasn't exactly a first-class ticket getting here. Buckle up, mate. You've been briefed on the mission, yeah? Some. So, what's it like? You know, you were the first agents the Camp sent into France. Is it true you blew up a tank at Dieppe? No, no, no. It was two. And they almost stole Enigma machine. And Alfred's got ESP. Like he's a human lie detector or something? Sorry, fellas; that's classified. Yeah, it wouldn't be classified if it wasn't true. Never trust any intel that you can't verify yourself. Unless your gut's screaming at you. Always trust your gut. My gut says the rumours are true. Yeah. So, we brought supplies for the mission. Explosives, fuses... And this. It's lighter with improved range. To replace your old one. There's nothing wrong with the old one. Better you brought something useful like Scotch. Uh, well, the colonel did send something. Oh yeah. Here you go. It's in bloody Polish. No. Open it. They're from your niece. She sent them to your old unit in England, and they forwarded them to Camp X. That would have been nice with Scotch. (chuckling) Germans are arriving every day to enjoy the Lebensraum. And with our help, they have everything they need to start fresh. So finely sewn. All of these were donated? There is much wealth to be had in Poland. Maybe you'll find something for yourself. A nice dress to wear out on the town with the  Brigadefuhrer? Out on the town in Pruszko? There's a lot of us expatriates here. My calendar was never this full in Munich. You shouldn't be on your feet, Derica. Sure, I should. I have to set a good example for this little sweetheart. Do you have any children,  Frau Faber? No. Is this ready to go downstairs? Yes. Sabine. I heard you were working here with the ladies. I thought you might be thirsty. Or more likely you need something. I need you to leave a laundry cart by the basement door when you leave. No. I don't need to know what you're up to to know it's dangerous. I promise, there's no risk... Unless I get caught. Your plans never work out for Franz and me, do they? Remember when we took the train together, just the two of us? You wanted to know the truth, right? But we'll never know, will we? Because you never tell the truth. If you'll excuse me, I prefer to help in a way that won't endanger myself or my husband. I can't remember the last time I ate such a good meal. Between my wife and my daughter, even the German rations are no match for this. Papa! (Karl chuckling) (soft piano music playing) You're right, my dear. We are very lucky. Even if it means letting the Germans run my trains. The game, Irena! You promised! And let me guess. Which game would Milek like? The memory game! Aaah, memory game! It is tradition on Sundays. But don't worry, you'll catch on quick. Good. So, I will go and get the magic tray. Hahaha! Here it is. So... you get to see the tray. Here. It has lots of different things on it. Right. And then, I add one new thing. Don't look! (Irena laughing) And whoever identifies what it is wins. Ready? Ready. Voilà! Was it the playing card? (all laughing) No! After we finally catch the guy in the church, Peter has to pretend to be a German sympathizer and spring the b*st*rd. (men laughing) I love a German on his heels. new agent : Well, he wasn't for long. woman : Are all new agents so confident? new agent : Yeah, he got what he deserved. No. On our first mission, our youngest, Harry... he was so nervous he dropped his bloody gear off a bridge. The damn thing almost didn't get blown. (indistinct chatter) woman : From an admirer? It's from my niece, Maggie. Mags. It's from northern England. She's there with the rest of the orphans for safety during the bombings. She likes to press them in letters. She's an orphan? Yeah. I'm all she has now. And how is life at home? Umm, the usual. School, complaining about chores, wondering when I'm coming home. Her life's still so normal. Is it? She lost her family, her home. But she's safe. She knows what tomorrow looks like. Over here, everything's upside-down. I'm grateful for Mags, but it doesn't seem fair. My family used to own a candy shop in Nadzieja. The building's been empty ever since the night the Nazis took my parents away. But I'm going to open that candy store again. One day, my children will only have school and chores to complain about too. Would you read to me? "Dear Uncle Neil, today, we started learning maths. I don't like it much, but afterwards, we got to catch tadpoles so we can watch them grow." I'm glad you don't mind the needlework. Makes me cross-eyed. I forgot how much I liked it. I have to get home to get Sunday dinner started. Derica is going to give us a lift to the market. Do you want to come? I only have, uh, these two dresses left. See you tomorrow then. 
 
 (faint clinking noises) (eerie music) (Irena laughing) Am I losing again? No. Alec is losing. But this is his chance to redeem himself. Ready? I'm ready. Let's see. Don't look. Don't look. (clinking) And voilà! (eerie music) (screaming) Alec? I think I'll leave it to the champions. Uh, where is your...? Down the hall. Alec? What are you doing in my father's study? You mentioned his model train. He doesn't use it much anymore. I think it reminds him too much of what life was like before. My family and I, we must seem ordinary to you. I get the impression you are used to a more exciting life. You and your family are very lucky, Irena. You lost someone, didn't you? I can see it sometimes in your eyes. And I am glad I could give you a moment of ordinary. Maybe, sometime, we could share another? I'd like that. (happy sigh) Hmm... So clumsy. (Irena laughing) Thank you. I got your message. We need to keep this quick. You brought the map? The code word for oil is "wood by-products." I know which trains are carrying it. Based on their routes, there are two possible locations that could be refineries. Here, in Czarna, and one here... In Ryba? Ryba hasn't shipped oil recently. Odds are Operation Marigold must be Czarna. I don't think so. You got something from Schmidt? No, he's paranoid. But he's not as good at covering his tracks as he thinks he is. His personal security detail takes him in a different car each day, but he forgets about the vehicle logs. Based on mileage and gasoline, he's going about 50km round trip. So it has to be Ryba. That must be Marigold. For Sinclair? It needs to be today. (suspenseful music) Frau Bauer? Herr Obergruppenfuhrer. You startled me. What are you doing here on a Sunday? You probably heard, our secretarial pool is... indisposed. So much work to be done. And since I don't know a soul in Pruszko yet, I didn't have any plans. And I thought I was the only one working. What a pleasant surprise to have company. We have the go-ahead to scout Ryba this afternoon. I'll tell the rookies. David and Peter are going to Czarna. Why? To sabotage it. By themselves? The lads haven't been in Poland a day. It's what we train for. I'll go with them to make sure they don't get confused, blow up a sewage plant. Sinclair wants you and me on Marigold. It's the priority. You'll be in and out under the radar. Janowski can cover you. These are Sinclair's orders. They're at more risk than doing a "reckie." Sinclair isn't in the field; he doesn't see what we see. I'm going with them. Ladies, come on. Time to move. Chop, chop. Not bad. It's not our first dance. It is on this stage. The place is pretty jumping for a Sunday. Yeah, the Boche need oil badly. Let's go. This is a refinery? Not anymore. You sure this is the place? Schmidt's been coming every day. (indistinct conversation nearby) They don't look like regular guards. Schmidt's men are RSD, Hitler's private security. (indistinct conversation between guards) This is the place. It's not enough to destroy the reserve. We need to stop them making more. These blow, the oil ignites. Got it? The timers give us three minutes, more or less. "More or less"? Go ahead, I'll do it. (dramatic music) Go on! Go! (tick tock) I've explained this before! The quality of the coal is immaterial for this test. Do you know how far behind we are? Get Gruber's help. Out. Gruber was freed. Keppler! Yes, yes. Keppler, yes. He knows what he's doing. (tick tock) (men shouting) Something to soften the blow of working on our day off. Mmm. I must admit that I, uh, was a bit distracted before you arrived. Nothing to be concerned about, I hope? There is always something. Spending time with my daughter, worrying as fathers do. It's been a difficult year for her. I must stop myself from trying to fix everything at once. It's hard not being able to keep someone you love in your pocket. Sometimes, maybe you have to push them away... let them stand on their own to make them stronger. If only it were as simple as tinkering with octane levels. Or as enjoyable. Helene... Yes? I'm hosting a party at my country home. Sabine will be there, of course. And I would be very pleased if you could come as well. I wouldn't miss it. (door closing) Herr Obergruppenfuhrer! There's been an explosion at the Czarna refinery. I'm sorry, I must handle this matter personally. Of course. (door closing) (alarm blaring) Let's go! Move! Move! Get them out! Evacuation protocol! Dismantle the whole thing! It's crucial we finish! We must follow protocol! Quickly, please! He's behind as it is. It's ridiculous. (soldiers shouting) Operation Marigold isn't about a refinery. It's about him. In and out, Petey. Stop! Halt! You, on your feet! Get up! Let's go! Take them alive for questioning. Go! Go! Move it! (David groaning in pain) Drop your weapon! Ugh! Go! Now! distant German : We've got to go now! Frau Bauer? You're working today? Yes. A few unforgiving deadlines. I had a question for one of them. Uh, they are gone. Is that for me? There's a fresh pot upstairs. You can help yourself. (beeping) Faber had the shot. He could have taken me in just as easy. (beeping in Morse code) This isn't your fault. Can't leave Peter and David. (beeping) Sir! David and Peter have been captured at the Czarna refinery. Alfred and Neil are proposing we contact Faber... Stand down. Sir? Order them to stand down. They'll be interrogated. They've been trained for it. Sir, we have a man on the inside now. If there's a chance, we have... Stand down, Sergeant. (men shouting) (screaming) I intercepted their radio transmissions. When I discovered their sabotage plans, I followed them to the refinery and caught them mid-act. And how is this progressing? Nothing yet,  Herr Obergruppenfuhrer. Your job is only half done, Franz. I need to know what they know, and what they were here for. Get them up. It's time for a more direct approach. (grunting and moaning) Get out! (Peter and David gasping) You've proven you can take a beating; there's no need to waste any more time. This man, your friend; talk or he dies. Pain is easy, getting wounded is easy, but pulling the trigger on someone close to you, one of your own? Huh? Sometimes, you have to kill someone you know. Have to. We had two orders... No! First was destroy as many refineries in Poland. Look at me! And then head north to set up support networks and posts. Where? Along the Baltic Sea. Why there? Preparations for an Allied landing in Norway. They haven't moved them. That means there's still a chance. I can get you at least 10 men. We'll go at dusk. They won't be expecting us to come back so soon. Alfred : Stand down. What? Orders from Camp X. Stand down. That can't be right. We're supposed to just let them die?! It's Sinclair's orders. Impressive. Watching you work. It's a load off my mind. The Allies have no idea. No, no, no, no, no! Please don't! Thank you, Franz. Sir, I did my duty as a soldier, but as a person, as a human, I can't believe you refused to even try to save those agents. You know exactly what will happen to those boys. And I won't risk more men dying trying to save them. That would have been me if you hadn't held me back! You knew. You refused to send me to Poland because you knew they were going to die. Your orders to separate Peter and David from the others? You knew they would be captured. Yes. The Germans found out there were two Allied spies. Faber had to show due diligence and I had to protect Aurora's team. You sent them to die. Faber and I had to sacrifice two discard agents... "Discard"?! They were people, sir! Do you think that I don't know that? I thought that if I didn't send you into the field, you wouldn't die. If I kept you close, I could keep you safe. But that is not my decision to make. You signed the transfer request. Transfer if you need to, Krystina, I understand. Or you can stay, take the next flight into the field. I won't... I won't hold you back. The intelligence has been sent to Berlin. It lines up with the whispering they've been hearing from Oslo, Bergen. When the Allies make their move, our U-boats will be waiting. What about the damage to your refinery? A month's worth of repair. The important thing was protecting Operation Marigold. How am I to do that without knowing what Marigold is,  Herr Obergruppenfuhrer? Yesterday, I had to follow the spies to their plan. Professor Harald Voigt. An engineer. He is working on a formula to increase the production of synthetic oil. I thought it wasn't viable. Too expensive. Not with Voigt's process. All he needs is coal, which Germany has in abundance. We won't have to waste resources fighting for oil on foreign lands. It will be cheap and plentiful, right here in the Reich. That's outstanding news,  Herr Obergruppenfuhrer. I now understand the level of your precautions. Voigt is very close. He works almost in complete solitude. The few colleagues he entrusts only know a fragment of the full picture, and no copies exist on paper of his work. That sounds foolproof. Our tanks, our planes, they're dying of thirst. Full conversion to synthetic oil by winter changes everything. It is our most certain step towards victory. woman : Here we are. I have them here. So this is... What's all the excitement? We are moving forward with our Germanization campaign. I wanted to wait until our security issue was dealt with. You found the leak, then? I questioned the Jews. They were uncommunicative. But I'm confident the problem has been dealt with. I had them executed yesterday afternoon. (somber music) Don't worry. We won't be short-staffed for long. Plenty of good German workers arrive soon. And just in time. I had to wait ages to get approval from Goetschl for my campaign. Ego the size of a barn, sense of a mule. But protocol is protocol. That must have been so frustrating. To feel so powerless. You have no idea. But finally, we can begin tomorrow. There are several towns to be resettled. Which ones? Only Goetschl and myself can know. I find t's best to keep these operations quick and quiet. First, we pre-categorize the current occupants of the town. Anyone with Nordic or Phalian traits can be Germanized and may remain. The soldiers then come in to clean out the rest. "Clean"? Like I said, it's best to resolve these things quickly. (door closing) I need to talk to you. (whispering): Not now. These were hidden in a dress I was repairing. There were bullet holes. This is what you were talking about the other day, wasn't it? I joined the Women's League to help. I thought I was helping, but it's everywhere, isn't it? Even in the needlework. You wanted the truth? This is the truth. I want to help. With your plan, whatever it was, with the laundry cart. It's too late. They're dead. I wasn't sure you'd come. Schmidt knew of two Allied spies here working with Resistance. How? Stroik. I had to convince him the spies had been dealt with. For your safety and mine. How could that be the only way?! Ask your colonel. He fed them false information, knowing they would be captured, to reassure Schmidt there was no threat. The coded messages I sent for you? This is what you two were planning? Who is Professor Voigt? I saw him in the lab at Ryba. He's a chemical engineer. Operation Marigold is his initiative. He's going to flood Germany with synthetic oil and win the war by springtime, thanks to a formula in his head that is shared with no one. So, if something happened to Voigt... It's not that easy. After yesterday, Schmidt moved him to a secure location. He trusts me now, but not with that information. He's the only one who knows where the man is. (footsteps) Will you sit with me? I was wrong. I see now why you do this, even if it's not safe. I want to help too. (indistinct chatter) So Voigt's the target. And the only way to find him is through Schmidt. He invited me to a party tomorrow. A date? Whatever it takes. "Whatever it takes." Sinclair just sent two men to their death, and still, "whatever it takes"? He sacrificed them to save us. It wasn't about us; it was about the mission! This time, David and Peter had to die. What's to say next time it won't be one of us? This is the job. This is what we signed up for... No, not like that! Not to go out without even a fighting chance! How did Faber even reach Sinclair to set it up without us knowing? By radio. They have their own code. Sinclair asked me before he left to pass messages. Jesus! And you didn't tell us? I had no idea what they were planning. Because of a code? You couldn't use your giant brain to crack it?! It wasn't for me to know! Because we don't need to know when other people are deciding whether we live or die?! Let him go. Something's come up. We need a battle plan. The Nazis are cleaning out a village tomorrow. (dramatic music) 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 