Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 03x03 - One for the Moon - X Company 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 03x03 - One for the Moon https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=215&t=30733 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/26/17 03:39 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 03x03 - One for the Moon 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on  X Company... 
 Jacques Rigaud, we will execute these prisoners one by one until you step forward. 
 (singing soulfully) 
 (screams) 
 We have friends. We can keep you safe. Do you understand? 
 Your son Klaus. I can have him transferred to a Canadian POW camp. 
 Be kind to him. 
 I will. 
 I meant what I said before, son. 
 So did I. 
 Krystina. 
 Aurora, his feelings for you make you all vulnerable. 
 End it. 
 Did I tell my father about the spies who pretend to be my friends? Not yet. 
 We did get the recording. She knows her husband is working with the Allies, but she's keeping the secret. 
 Let's hope we don't need to use it. 
 They're projecting a surge in oil production in March? 
 It's part of a highly classified project. 
 Operation Marigold. 
 I'm here to help. 
 Thank you. 
 Thank his friend. 
 Let's get to work then. 
 S03E03 One for the Moon 
 The days ahead won't be easy,  but our unified Resistance network will become a symbol of strength! 
 Together we can get a message out, rally all Frenchmen to ensure the next Allied invasion is a success. 
 We can't wait for the Allies. 
 If we hit the bastards now, others will follow! 
 That's suicide! 
 Think of your boy. 
 There's no future for him unless we mount an attack right now! 
 Leave my boy out of this! 
 Lives were lost to get this man here. Put aside your differences and listen to what he has to say. 
 And who are you? 
 Do you know what happened at Dieppe? 
 The Russians bring real men, real weapons. 
 Were you there? 
 Thousands of men cut down on French soil. For you. 
 Stalingrad is a long ways away. 
 You want to wait for the Reds, you might be waiting a while. 
 Alex, the Allies lost at Dieppe because none of us told them about the guns in the cliffs, the stones that would stick their tanks to the beach. 
 There are different ways to fight. 
 Tell them what's coming. 
 The Vichy government's begun the transfer of power to the Nazis. 
 All of France is going to be occupied. 
 Has this been confirmed? 
 Hitler's expected to announce it tonight on the radio. 
 As soon as that happens, we'll be crushed. 
 Unless we can look past our differences, our philosophies. We need to talk to the people! 
 So we fight with words? 
 Yes! 
 To unite us. 
 We build networks, fill them with eyes. 
 We see where the Germans are strong, where they're weak. 
 We work together: Allied and Resistance networks, a free flow of information so we know where to land our blows and when to pick up our guns and fight. 
 You understand my fellow Comrades won't be easily convinced. 
 Then convince them, Alex. 
 You didn't run when they did at the Battle of France. 
 Remind them of that. Go. Talk to them. 
 We need you. 
 I need you. 
 (sigh) All right, Jacques. 
 Now, gentlemen and mademoiselle. 
 Let's talk about how we're going to do this. 
 Just don't leave your coat on the plane. 
 Don't worry. That microfilm's worth more than I am. 
 Nazis running out of oil. It'll change the course of the war. Unless they pull off Operation Marigold. 
 We can't let that happen. 
 Has Mayhew mentioned plans for another landing in France? 
 Uh... it's a ways off, but... 
 Right. Need-to-know. 
 You do remember I am torture-proof. 
 I'm gonna need to stay in contact with Faber when I return home. 
 Our protocol's secure. 
 That's not what I mean. 
 We've developed a very... delicate relationship that requires discretion. 
 I'm gonna need you to be the middle man. 
 You want me to pass messages between you and Faber? 
 Off the record. 
 I don't understand. 
 Aurora's his handler. 
 Which is why I don't want her to feel undermined that Faber and I are communicating. 
 I'm sorry to put you in this position again, where you know more than the others but I trust you, Alfred. 
 Of course. 
 Our printing operations  are nearly all shut down. Paper and ink are heavily controlled. 
 If you list your specific needs, we may be able to drop supplies. We have... Neil. 
 Reception committees in the countryside here, here... 
 See that man? In the suit? 
 He keeps touching his hat. 
 They're signalling each other. We've got a problem! 
 What is it? 
 Gestapo. 
 They're watching the building. 
 Matthieu! 
 Come on. Let's go. 
 Go to your hiding place. 
 Water, biscuits, flashlight, okay? 
 Go! 
 They're waiting for us to come out the building. 
 Yeah, charging the apartment is way more risky than arresting us when we leave. 
 We're outnumbered. 
 Is there another way out? 
 There's a fire escape, but there is a man watching the alley. 
 They may have arrested Alex. Burn them in the bathtub. 
 If these are Faber's men, he can call them off. 
 I have papers, and they're going to be targeting men. 
 I'll have a better chance of getting by them. 
 You can't just walk into the Gestapo office! 
 I'll find a way. 
 Stop! 
 Your papers. 
 Yes, of course. 
 You don't live here. 
 No. I was just checking on my mother. 
 She's alone and she's very sick. She's not breathing well so... 
 I was hoping to get the doctor. 
 We have orders to detain anyone leaving this building. 
 I'm sorry, Mademoiselle, but you'll have to come with me. 
 One more for the holding area! 
 Yes, sir. 
 (coughing) 
 I'm sorry. 
 I haven't... I haven't been feeling well myself. 
 Go. 
 I will speak with you after you return with the doctor. 
 Thank you. (exaggerated coughing) 
 Franz. 
 Heil Hitler! 
 Heil Hitler! 
 Give us the room. 
 Herr Obergruppenfuhrer. 
 I thought you'd left for Poland. 
 I've spoken with Sabine about her actions the other night. 
 You shouldn't be concerned. 
 You are highly spoken of back home. 
 Your work here in France has not gone unnoticed. 
 That's kind of you to say. 
 I've also heard how you ensured the Enigma's security, the day of the misadventure at Dieppe. 
 Clever. 
 I work with some very insightful people. 
 I'm overseeing a special project in the East. 
 We're having trouble with the local Resistance and uh... 
 I need a man with exceptional skill to pacify the area. 
 In the East. 
 In Poland, yes. 
 I have an office in Pruszko. 
 Herr Obergruppenfuhrer, with all due respect,  this might not be an ideal time for me to step away from my responsibilities here in France. 
 Your transfer has already been approved. 
 As Minister of Natural Resources, how...? 
 I pulled strings. 
 I know it's unorthodox. 
 But this project is of special importance to me. 
 As is keeping my family close. 
 I'm so sorry, Sabine, but you have  to call Franz right away. 
 You cannot just come here like this. 
 I have to meet with him in the park across from his office as soon as possible. 
 I have company. 
 Oh. 
 Yes, an actual friend. Imagine that. 
 Helene! 
 I thought that was your voice. 
 Please. 
 Tell him it's an emergency. 
 Come in. 
 Please excuse me for a moment. 
 I'll be right back. 
 Of course. 
 Fraulein Adler. Good to see you again. 
 Oh, please! We've been bonded by vodka. 
 Call me Heidi. 
 Is everything all right? 
 It's a little awkward. 
 It's my superior at work. 
 Not only is he being over attentive, but... I have a feeling he's... hiding something. 
 We're cataloguing for the Reich and... well, I shouldn't say this, but some paintings have gone missing. 
 It's quite stressful. So I've asked Sabine if she could get Franz to check up on him. 
 Well, times like this, Sabine must be a very valuable friend. 
 Ah, yes, very. 
 I don't want to get into trouble. 
 The East is untamed territory and I need someone with your experience. 
 I do worry how Sabine will feel about moving. 
 Sabine will benefit by being closer to her father. 
 There is a level of emotional support she seems to be missing at home. 
 Paris holds too many painful memories. 
 Think of Poland as a new beginning. 
 Herr Brigadefuhrer. 
 Sorry for interrupting. Frau Faber is on the line. 
 I will let you give her the good news. 
 Help me move the table. 
 More SS! 
 Looks like they're working on an entry plan. 
 I've been saving these for an emergency. 
 I'd say this qualifies. 
 I finally went to bed about... midnight? 
 But that's early for me... but I thought I was taking the train back to Poland in the morning. 
 You decided to stay longer? 
 One day. 
 As a favour to her father. 
 He asked me to drop in on her, see how she was feeling, cheer her up a little. Yes, it's been a difficult time for her. 
 Exactly. 
 And the  Obergruppenfuhrer   seems to think  all she needs is a family to keep her busy. 
 I see. 
 It's funny how men always think they know what's best for a woman. 
 Sounds like you've met the men I work with. 
 In Poland, things are more progressive. 
 We are free to make our own rules about working, children, romance. 
 Hmm! 
 If you want something, all you have to do is take it. 
 Paradise. 
 Mm. 
 He'll do what you want. 
 Wonderful! I'm sorry. 
 I have to get back to... get back to work before my boss notices. 
 Have a safe trip back to Poland. 
 We should stay in touch. 
 Conserve your ammo. Pick your shots. 
 It's too bad Alex isn't here. 
 He was itching for a fight. Now we have all the fun. 
 Walking into my home and using my wife was not the protocol we agreed to. 
 I know, and I'm sorry but Neil and Harry are trapped by the Gestapo at a meeting on Rue du Four. 
 You need to call them off. 
 Excuse me. 
 Those operations are overseen by my staff. There are repercussions to every action I take. 
 And actions you don't take. 
 Harry and Neil are trapped there. 
 What if your staff interrogates them? 
 What if your name comes up? 
 There's a black market not far from there. 
 The back of a pharmacy on Saint-Germain. 
 You could redirect your men there. 
 There are 100 black markets in Paris; it's not plausible. 
 I know it's a lot to ask. 
 I'll think of something. 
 This will be the last thing that I do for you. 
 We have an agreement. 
 My father-in-law requires my services. 
 I'm relocating to Poland. 
 Poland? 
 As for your friends, I'll see what I can do. 
 Harry? 
 They're on the move. 
 (muttered shouting) 
 Wait! 
 They're pulling back! 
 Looks like he came through. 
 Looks like the fun'll have to wait. 
 It's not a setback,  it's an opportunity. Operation Marigold is based in Poland. 
 If Faber's posted alongside his father-in-law, it puts him in a better position to learn where the refineries are. 
 Do we have any networks there? 
 Zero. We have no contact with local Resistance. 
 That's why you're going there too. 
 I'm not sure we can just follow him there. 
 I mean, he was ready to cut ties. 
 He doesn't call the shots. 
 All of us? To Poland? 
 How do we explain French citizens travelling through Germany into Poland? 
 I'll reach out to my friend at the Ministry of Transport. 
 What about Rigaud? 
 What about France? Are we gonna just turn our back on them? 
 Rigaud is going to need time to rally and organize. 
 Yeah, it'll be even harder when France is fully occupied. 
 That is time we do not have. I cannot leave an asset to slip away. 
 What if... 
 No. 
 Harry, what? 
 I was just thinking... what would Tom say? 
 He'd say we're thinking too small. 
 He'd say what if we could help spread Rigaud's message and still get ourselves into Poland? 
 Today, Hitler's speech will be on national radio. 
 Compulsory listening. 
 So what if we could hijack the signal long enough for Rigaud to talk instead? 
 It's faster than church meetings, faster than leaflets. 
 Can you really do that? 
 I would need access to the Radio lie-de-France transmitter, I'd have to wire up a relay. 
 We'd also need to get our hands on some broadcast equipment. 
 It's not impossible. 
 Neil. 
 Get Rigaud to write a speech. 
 Okay. 
 We don't know anyone. We don't know anything about the place. 
 There's a growing German community. 
 A lot of women your age. 
 It could help take your mind off things. 
 I need to think about it first. 
 He's already arranged the transfer. 
 He didn't even ask me as... as if I didn't even matter. 
 Sabine. 
 Maybe it's for the best. 
 This city, this apartment, there are so many painful memories. 
 Maybe Poland can be a new beginning. 
 And we get away from them. 
 (phone ringing) 
 Yes? 
 Herr Brigadefuhrer. 
 I'm sorry for troubling you but I know you would want to hear this. Jacques Rigaud is in Paris. 
 He attended a Resistance meeting just this morning. 
 Rigaud? Good. Arrest him now. 
 That's the problem. 
 Agents had staked out the meeting and were prepared to raid it when they were relocated... by your order. 
 Do you know why those agents were relocated? 
 No. 
 You realize Bader arrived at the airfield from Berlin this morning? 
 Yes. 
 Where was his security detail? 
 I don't know, I presumed... 
 You presumed what? 
 You left him to arrive at an empty airfield. How do you think this would have looked? Now let me ask you this. 
 Where is Rigaud now? 
 I don't know. 
 Hold your report to Berlin. I'll see to it that he's captured. We'll discuss this later. 
 You were there. 
 In Dieppe. 
 On the beach? 
 That's right. 
 A terrible day. 
 You lost friends? 
 I've stopped counting. I had to. 
 How do you keep going? 
 Knowing that I don't matter. 
 No matter what happens to me, the fight will continue. 
 Like your friend. 
 I keep thinking of her voice, how she sang. 
 So proud. 
 So free, even in the face of death. 
 I didn't know her name, but she reminded me that the reason we fight, the reason our friends fought... is bigger than all of us. 
 I'll let you work. 
 
 
 
 Neil. 
 Less than three hours to go. We gotta get this into place. 
 I'll be right there. 
 Her name was Miri. 
 I got your telegram. 
 I didn't expect to hear from you until this was all over. 
 Do you have news? 
 Is my son all right? 
 They take good care of him but he doesn't like special treatment. 
 No. No, he never did. 
 Why are we here, Duncan? 
 Ernst, I... 
 I'm sorry to have to meet like this but... 
 I'm afraid I need your help one more time. 
 I appreciate your retrieving my son from Siberia, but I hadn't foreseen you taking that as license to keep coming to me for favours. 
 It's not like that at all. 
 Oh yeah. 
 What is it you want? 
 So the Paris receiver picks up the Berlin signal and transmits it to everybody within range. 
 You sure you know what you're doing? 
 Once we start broadcasting, this repeater I'm splicing in will take over Hitler's airwaves. 
 This station transmitter is so powerful, they will probably hear the message in England! 
 (electric crackling) 
 Jesus! 
 That's fine. 
 Oh, wait. 
 No, it's fine. 
 So how do we send out Rigaud's voice and not just a bunch of dots and dashes? 
 That van on the way in? 
 It's basically a rolling radio station, so what we have to do is break in, steal the microphone and transmitter inside. 
 Or we just steal the van? 
 Direction-finding teams will have a much harder time tracking us if we're moving. 
 Steal a radio station van, drive around the city broadcasting a Resistance call to arms with Nazis on our tail? 
 Yeah, I know. 
 Sinclair's going to hate it, isn't he? 
 It's bloody brilliant is what it is. 
 Jacques Rigaud. 
 Come with me. 
 It's short notice. 
 But there is a supply train leaving tomorrow that goes to Poland. Rations for the troops in the East I... 
 I can ensure that... one car is empty and won't be checked. 
 When you get the details, send a telegram to the return address. We'll take it from there. 
 Ernst, thank you. 
 Take care. 
 Duncan. 
 I need something to tell Greta. 
 She's been worried about Klaus. 
 We've written to him via the Royal Care Society but he hasn't written back. 
 He's at an officer's camp. 
 He's treated fairly. 
 Have you actually seen him? 
 I did, Ernst. I got a chance to visit him, yes. 
 How was he? 
 He was well. 
 You remember that summer we taught the boys to play chess? 
 Yeah. 
 Can I ask you a favour? 
 If you could get him a set, I'm sure it would help keep his mind off things until this is all over. 
 Leave it to me. 
 I know the shame he must be feeling as a prisoner. 
 So, please, Duncan, when you see him, let him know that I'm very proud of him and that his mother loves him very much. 
 I admire your courage, Duncan. 
 The war has taken your elder son; William is still missing. 
 It seems unfair that... my son is given all this luxury. 
 I can't thank you enough for what you have done. 
 What is it? What's wrong? 
 It's Klaus. 
 Duncan, what is it you're not telling me? 
 Ernst, your son... died in the line of duty. 
 What are you saying? 
 He tried to destroy our communications and assassinate me. 
 But he was stopped. 
 Stopped? 
 He was killed, Ernst. 
 You killed him? 
 He had the bomb in his hands. 
 It was a suicide mission. 
 You gave me your word! You promised he'd be safe! 
 He made his own decision. I... there was nothing I could do. 
 And you come here asking me for favours? 
 What kind of man does that? 
 Where is he? 
 Ernst. 
 Where is his body? What did you do with his body? 
 There was nothing I could do. 
 I'm sorry, Ernst. 
 What is all this? 
 I understand you're relocating to Poland. 
 Obergruppenfuhrer Schmidt has asked me to start packing for you. I hope that's fine. 
 Jacques Rigaud has been arrested. No one is to interrogate him before he's sent to Berlin. 
 How did you secure him so quickly? 
 Some informants are best kept quiet. 
 I am honoured to have worked with you. 
 And I wish you good luck in Poland and I hope that your replacement,  Herr Oberfuhrer  Fischer, will treat me as patiently. 
 We should never have trusted Faber! 
 He came to our home. I say we go to his, get his wife to call him with a gun to her head. 
 Neil, that will only burn what we've built. 
 He's valuable to us in Poland. 
 We need to keep our eyes on the bigger picture. 
 Well, we can't stay here. This safe house is blown. 
 If Faber wanted to arrest all of us, he would have. 
 He left a note, which means he's willing to talk. Maybe he's open to negotiating. 
 Or maybe that's an invitation to an ambush. 
 He's trying to tie up loose ends before heading to Poland. 
 I don't like it either, but if there's a chance to bargain for Rigaud, we take it. 
 What about transport to Poland? How did things go with your contact? 
 We need to find another way. 
 Let's just focus on getting Rigaud back, please. 
 We need Rigaud back, unharmed. 
 You come to my home. 
 Involve my wife. Pull me from my work. 
 You fail to mention that the most wanted man in France was present at a meeting I protected. 
 We didn't owe you that information. 
 You made a commitment not to compromise my credibility. 
 You failed. I will not risk getting shot for treason because your word cannot be trusted. 
 You called this meeting. You want something. 
 My colleagues in Berlin want to interrogate Rigaud themselves. This is in neither of our interests. 
 I will allow him to escape. 
 Good. 
 In exchange, I will no longer work as a double agent. We will sever all ties. 
 Understood. 
 Thanks. 
 Less than an hour until the speech. 
 We'll make it. 
 I'm sorry about Miri. 
 She's... she was... 
 Yeah, she was. 
 Make sure everything's ready to go. 
 I'll check we've got enough gas. 
 If you don't mind my saying, you don't look well. 
 You look like I did when your soldiers invaded my village. 
 I swore I would die protecting what I love. 
 But they took that from me too, huh? 
 I rotted in a cell for weeks before I worked up the courage. 
 Then I woke up in a hospital. 
 Apparently it was a miracle I survived. 
 The nurse that helped me escape said she wanted to do something good. 
 That's when I realized this has nothing to do with me. 
 I should be dead, so the time I have now... it's a bonus. 
 And it's not mine to keep. 
 I was thinking about how you arrested me. 
 How you knew exactly where I'd be. 
 How you came alone. 
 Like you were protecting something. 
 You're a perceptive man. 
 I think you also want to do something good. 
 Stop the truck! 
 I was right. 
 You're working with them! 
 Why do you believe that? 
 Because I'm not on a plane to Berlin. 
 Go. 
 Thank you. 
 (gunshot) 
 Herr Brigadefuhrer! 
 The death of this terrorist will do more to destabilize the Resistance than any intelligence he could offer to Berlin. 
 But our orders... 
 Our superiors do not understand the situation in France. 
 They are not here on the ground. 
 I did not rise to my rank by playing by the rules. 
 This is something you will come to understand as you advance your career. 
 You are a very promising young officer, Edsel, and I would like to continue to see you rise. 
 For that to happen, our relationship needs to be one built on trust. 
 Of course. 
 You will be held responsible for this. 
 The prisoner fled under your watch. However, you will receive full credit for the prevention of his escape, and I will protect you from any punishment. Are you with me? 
 In return, I will bring you to Poland. You will continue to learn from me. You will rise faster than you ever thought. 
 Is that satisfactory? 
 Yes. 
 Yes,  Herr Brigadefuhrer. 
 The van's all set. 
 I think this is actually gonna to work. 
 What? 
 What's happened? 
 Rigaud's body was found. 
 Was it Faber? 
 We don't know what happened. 
 Was it Faber? 
 He was shot trying to escape, Neil. That's all we know. 
 I'm so sorry. 
 That's that, then? 
 He was a good man and a great leader. 
 Now, we still have his plans and his contacts. 
 The BSO will work with the Resistance. 
 Your next move is Operation Marigold. 
 Of course, yeah. 
 Run away, eh? Move along. 
 Rene. We left him behind. 
 Tom too. And Miri. 
 'Cause that's what we do! We use them up, and then we're on to the next move. Huh? Well, who's next? 
 Jacques Rigaud was the point of the radio operation, Neil. He's gone. It's over. 
 I'll update the Brits and the Americans about Marigold. 
 You need to get to Poland. 
 What about Faber? 
 It's time to play our card. 
 (indistinct exchange) 
 Rigaud's not the point. 
 He doesn't matter. He said so himself. 
 This isn't about him. 
 It's about the message. 
 It's about carrying on the fight. Harry's all set to go. 
 Hitler's speech is about to start. 
 We can still do this. 
 (classical music) 
 Herr Brigadefuhrer,  it's almost time. 
 Right. 
 Do you mind? 
 That is, I don't have a radio. 
 Of course, Matthias. 
 Thank you. 
 Ladies and gentlemen, this is a live broadcast from Berlin. The Fuhrer will be speaking in a few moments. 
 (radio interference) 
 (static buzzing) 
 ...a great man was shot in the streets. 
 His name was Jacques Rigaud. 
 He was a hero at the Battle of France and a friend of Charles de Gaulle. 
 I'll dispatch the radio teams. 
 If they're broadcasting locally, we'll find them right away. 
 Go! 
 ...he had prepared these words for you. 
 Friends, brothers, sisters, citizens of France, I'm speaking to you now because it's time you knew the truth. 
 France will soon be entirely under German occupation. 
 The enemy is locking arms. 
 Their eyes on the same horizon, their boots marching in unison across your land casting a great shadow. 
 But this is their secret their victory depends entirely on you. 
 They depend on you feeling weak, powerless and small. 
 We are closing in. 
 Wait! The signal is moving. 
 They know if divided... 
 Northeast! 
 We can be broken and taught to hate. 
 But together, when we lock arms, we are a force they cannot imagine. 
 We are... 
 We are... a light that will push back the darkness. 
 We have 100,000 eyes watching their every move. 
 100,000 ears listening to their plans. 
 100,000 fists, raised to the sky, ready to strike. And everyone they've taken, all our loves, are looking down, lighting the way. One for each star. 
 One for the moon. 
 They will see that we are unstoppable. 
 Our song is hope, and rage, and pride. 
 We will prepare in the shadows, in the alleys, under the bridges, in the woods. 
 They've stopped. Up ahead! 
 We are a fire that cannot be put out. 
 We are the light that will destroy this nightmare. 
 We will gather our strength. 
 We will sharpen our blades and when Judgment Day comes, from the air, from the sea, we will rise together and strike all at once. 
 (detonation) 
 You asked me to release him. That's what I did. 
 And you shot him in the back. 
 Rigaud knew I was working with you. He was about to be interrogated. I did what I had to do in order to protect us both. 
 And you want me to take that on faith? 
 Take it how you like. Our obligations to each other are now over. 
 Not necessarily. 
 Your father-in-law is working on a top secret project called Operation Marigold. 
 How do you know this? 
 We broke into his briefcase at your party. 
 We think that Operation Marigold is a new, bigger oil refinery in Poland capable of pushing oil production through the roof and guaranteeing a Nazi victory. 
 Franz, I need you to help me find it. 
 Why would I do that? 
 You spoke to me once about ending the cruelty and the death camps. 
 I'm offering you a chance to help end this war. 
 No more secrets. No hidden agendas. 
 We stay in contact after I leave. 
 It's tempting but I can't take that risk. 
 Good luck to your team. 
 In the spirit of complete honesty, Franz... 
 Sabine :  Did I tell my father about the spies who pretend to be my friends, come to my home and follow me in the streets? 
 Not yet. You will help us in Poland. The minute one of my agents fails to report in, this recording goes public. There's an update. You're going to Poland. We've got a forger who can get papers for the boys, and Faber's back on board. How'd he take it? How would you take it? It was better when we had him on principle. We still do. The blackmail's just a guarantee. If he's working against his will, how can we trust him? We have to trust that he loves his wife more than he hates us. Aurora, the minute you're on that train, you become Helene Bauer full time and it is not going to be easy. Helene and I get along. You will feel alone. You will do things and say things that you don't want to but you've got to keep your eye on the bigger picture. Marigold. I've got a plane to catch. Raise a glass for me. I will. And did you speak to Alfred? Get it done. Good luck. Well done, you b*st*rd. (clears throat) Hey, you all right? Um, yeah. Just something I should have said before. That time, that, um... that kiss. Yeah? It was a mistake. I... It was a mistake. Is this Sinclair talking? No. Alfred, look at me. I am. Believe me. I do. I don't feel for you the way I felt for Rene. Here's a bit of good news. I've found the perfect way to unburden us from some of Sinclair's freshly delivered francs. Oh, hang on. How old are you? (laughter) Really, Grandpa? Like I haven't heard that one before. How about a toast? To absent friends. Jacques Rigaud, Rene, Tom, Miri. To the love they left behind. Cheers. Oooh! "Oooh" is right. Hairs on your chest. Or your shoulder. I have a task. I need you to search the camp rolls for POWs in the Pacific. The Pacific, Herr Brigadefuhrer? I'm searching for a Canadian. William Sinclair. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 