Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 03x05 - Frontiers - X Company 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 03x05 - Frontiers https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=215&t=30940 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/08/17 00:01 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 03x05 - Frontiers 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on  X Company... 
 You must be Sabine's father. 
 Helene Bauer.I 'm looking forward to meeting you. 
 He's a German agent. Where is he? 
 Ah! 
 This is me, asking you the nice way. 
 We have a promise to keep to your boss. 
 So how can we get to Poland? 
 There's one way to cross those borders without papers. 
 Sir, they're on a train to Poland. 
 Headed for a concentration camp. 
 We have to escape. 
 It's my fault that they're on that train. 
 I put that team at risk because I was... 
 Selfish. 
 (gunshot) 
 Harry! 
 Krystina, I rely on you. I trust your judgment. 
 The next operational team that goes out, you're in. 
 I won't let you down. 
 We're going to take you all back to our camp. We have to go. 
 We know this train is carrying a shipment of weapons and we'd very much like to take them with us. Is that your wife? 
 NO!! 
 The guns arrived in Pruszko on yesterday's train. 
 These are the names of six of our fighters in German custody. 
 I will trade Fritz for them. 
 Unless all six prisoners are there, we'll execute him. 
 I'm offering you a job. 
 I'd like you as my associate. 
 You can start at the office at 9 am sharp. 
 We did land a prize. 
 A Brigadefuhrer. 
 S03E05 - Frontiers 
 (lock rattling) 
 Pete? Ah!! 
 (footsteps approaching) 
 Your instructions were clear. 
 The man who enters this room is a mole. 
 You were to shoot him. 
 But it was Peter. 
 Sometimes your friend is a mole. You might have to kill someone you know. 
 I didn't know it was a drill, okay? Next time... 
 There's no "next time" when you're dead. 
 I'll send my report to Sergeant Breeland. 
 Get back to the Camp. 
 You already did this test? 
 Yeah. 
 How'd you do? 
 I shot Janine. 
 Good morning, Helene. 
 Did you get any sleep? 
 Me neither. 
 Has he heard anything? 
 Nothing yet. 
 He's been in Brigadefuhrer Faber's office since dawn. But not much he can do until Polizeifuhrer Goestchl gets here. 
 My boss. 
 He'll be here soon. In the meantime... 
 Ladies, this is our new associate, Helene. Marlene, Lotte... 
 Nice to meet you. 
 So, Race and Resettlement, that's us, in this area. 
 Police are on the other side of the building, the Gestapo we are finding room for. 
 Oh, the Women's League are here too. 
 We're all piled on top of each other. 
 It's a temporary arrangement. 
 We're just at the beginning now. 
 The beginning? 
 Poland is the frontier of our Lebensraum. 
 But soon all of this land will be reclaimed as our own. 
 Where do we start? 
 You will be assigning homes to the German officers arriving in Poland. 
 Oh. 
 The homes are empty? The owners are gone. 
 I'd like to process these portfolios today. 
 These are important men. 
 Everyone in this folder gets a high-grade property. 
 Whew! (both chuckling) 
 Oh, that's nothing. You should see where Obergruppenfuhrer Schmidt lives. 
 Everything in the green area is ready for reassignment. 
 His parents... his brothers... they think he's a kid working at a desk in Ottawa. 
 They'll get a telegram. 
 A story. 
 While some other b*st*rd gets to keep breathing. You can't blame him for not rescuing us at Pomoc. 
 He didn't plan on getting captured. 
 He had blood on his hands before we ever got on that train. 
 He's our only inside connection to the oil refineries. 
 We're lucky he's here. 
 Lucky? 
 At least this way we can protect him. 
 Shall I go thank him for a train ride to Poland, while we're at it? 
 Or for shooting Rigaud? 
 What about the hospitality he showed you in a Gestapo prison in Paris? 
 Or have you forgotten about that? 
 Think of the bigger picture. 
 We have to get him back to work in one piece. 
 If this lot catch us helping a Nazi, we'll be shot. 
 This prisoner exchange needs to happen. 
 Until then I say let the Poles have at it. 
 Where is Polizeifuhrer Goetschl?I  need those prisoners released immediately. 
 We've been trying to alert him to the situation, Herr Obergruppenfuhrer. He's been investigating the other incident from last night. 
 What incident? 
 The cargo train that was sabotaged. Set on fire. 
 Herr Obergruppenfuhrer. 
 Take Fraulein Adler, find Goetschl, and bring him here immediately. 
 Frau Bauer, excuse my brusque manner. 
 No apologies necessary, Herr Obergruppenfuhrer. 
 I was pleased when Sabine told me you were joining us. I didn't realize... 
 Fraulein Adler has offered me a position, and I was delighted to accept. 
 Ah. Welcome. 
 What extraordinary good luck. 
 Yes. 
 I thought so too. 
 Where are you going? 
 We need to find Aurora. 
 Gentlemen. 
 It's been a busy morning. 
 We haven't been formally introduced. 
 Thank you for sheltering us. 
 They are the Allied agents who organized the escape, set fire to the train. 
 They lost one of their own. 
 Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. 
 Were you leaving already? 
 We need to go to Pruszko. 
 To find the Nazi base of operations. 
 The Town Hall? 
 It was ours not so long ago. 
 Can you tell us how to get there? 
 I would advise against it. 
 You kicked the hornet's nest by setting fire to one of the Germans' trains yesterday. 
 If you go, you can't come back. 
 The Germans are looking for our prisoner. 
 We know what we're doing. 
 You'll forgive me if I don't risk our camp on your good word. 
 We have a fellow agent working on infiltrating the Nazi office. 
 It's important we make contact. 
 Our colleague doesn't know if we're alive and has no way to reach us. 
 That seems strange considering you are traveling with a radio. 
 That's none of your business. (sighing) 
 I'll give you directions to Pruszko. 
 But I want the use of your radio. 
 Zosia needs to relay a message to our government-in-exile. 
 I'm the only one who touches this radio. 
 Then you are welcome to stay here and keep it company. 
 You can go. 
 But you should know, our perimeter is patrolled, our sentries are camouflaged. Any hint that you bring the enemy back with you... 
 I'll show you the way. 
 Tell Camp X about yesterday. 
 And remember what we talked about. 
 What took you so long? You know how important this is. 
 I'm overstretched. It's too much for one man. 
 I can't deal with twelve matters at once. 
 Then delegate. 
 Perhaps we can discuss this in my office? 
 We'll discuss it here and now. 
 I will not allow Faber to be murdered by these bandits. 
 Giving them what they want will only encourage them more. 
 We wouldn't be in this position if you had control of your district, Polizeifuhrer. 
 You want me to go up in those woods? 
 Give me a schwadron and a panzer, at least. 
 I need more men, more support! 
 You need Brigadefuhrer Faber! 
 His skill is worth more than a train of new men under your supervision. 
 Not only have you put Germany's race and resettlement plans at severe risk, you also put my own operation in jeopardy. 
 I can't protect an operation I know nothing about. 
 It's a classified project. 
 I chose Poland because it was secure. Apparently it's not. 
 You will bring Faber back and he will fix your problem. If you fail to do so, the Fuhrer will want to speak to you about it... 
 Personally. 
 (heels clicking) 
 Talk to Gestapo. Find the six prisoners! 
 They will be exchanged for Brigadefuhrer Faber. 
 Jawohl. 
 You! Come with me. We will arrange the convoy. The exchange is to take place at 1600 hours. I'll tell my daughter. What are you working on? I have to send a message. May I? Before our radio was damaged, I was the operator. My brother Eli taught me. He was in the Army. If you show me the key, I can work on the encryption. If it's a one-time code, you're not giving any secrets away. I understand. I'll let him know. Polizeifuhrer? All the prisoners requested by the Resistance have been deported to the camps. Then I'll take a truck from the convoy, and go to the camps myself... It's not that simple. (knocking on door) We need to talk. What happened? They've been executed. All six of them. There's no one to exchange for Brigadefuhrer Faber. That should do it. Your brother taught you well. He's dead. I'm sorry. We were hiding at Janowski's farm. He and Eli were friends since they were kids. A German patrol came one night. We ran as soon as we heard them, but one of the soldiers saw us. Eli was shot in the shoulder. The... the wound never healed properly. He died of an infection a week later. And you came here? We created here. You think Janowski could go back home after harbouring Jews? (Morse code beeping) Bloody hell! I keep making mistakes. May I? (beeping rapidly) Thanks. Would you mind if I used the radio? Go on. (beeping) I thought you might be hungry. Thank you. I'm not hungry. You haven't eaten all day. She's tired. It's been a difficult day. The situation is in good hands. The prisoner exchange will proceed as planned. That's wonderful. If you're not going to eat, you should go home and unpack. Get some rest. I want to stay. I should be here. He's strong, Sabine. He'll find a way to come home. Maybe you should make sure everything is ready for him. Don't you have any friends out there that could help Franz? They were supposed to arrive by train yesterday, but they didn't. Of course. You were everywhere in Paris, but now, when we need you? Nowhere to be found. Untersturmfuhrer Edsel has arranged for someone to take you home, Sabine. Thank you, Frau Bauer. It means a great deal to me that you are here. For Sabine. A friend like you. At a time like this. It means a lot to me too. To be here for both of you. He's for Janowski. They're going to have a talk. Alone. A friend of mine died yesterday. He was locked in a transport to a death camp. He died trying to save innocent people from that train. Mowed down by Nazi gunfire. I'm sorry for your loss. But I didn't kill him. It wasn't my fault. It wasn't your fault?! Huh? Wasn't your fault?! The Nazis raided my village when I was in a POW camp. They took my wife. Without shame, in front of my whole family. My mother was too ill to even get up, so they shot her in her bed. That wasn't my fault, either! (Morse code beeping) Clearly he's smart, motivated. He's also impulsive and lacks discipline. He failed the mole test, but performed well in the bartender sting. He can play a role. So what do you think? He needs more time. Janine, Peter, and Imre are all progressing well. And how about Sergeant Breeland? I told my parents my boss might send me out of town for... Sir. What is it? We lost Harry. I can't seem to find something adequate for Reichmann and Dahl. There are only cottages left. I'm sure something appropriate will come up after the next block of evacuations. Ah. More Jews. No, no. Most of them are already gone. The locals are being resettled. Resettled? There will be ample choices for Dahl and Reichmann when they arrive. Jana? Take this to the mail room. Please don't be put off. We keep some of them around because they have some education. We're very understaffed. Not just us, either. The post office, library, train station... Fraulein Adler! I'll be right back. I'm going to step out for a moment. 
 
 Good day. (man whistling) I... I heard about the fire. What happened? It was us. To get them to stop the train. We managed to break out, but... we were under fire from the Germans. And Harry... (sobbing) The Gestapo's going to show up for the rendezvous at 4:00 PM. Without the prisoners? I couldn't get any more details. My guess is that they'll try to free Faber by force. And when... Morning. When the Resistance sees that they've been lied to, they'll try to kill him. I'll do what I can to keep him out of harm's way. Alfred, the mission can't lose both you and Faber. Heidi says that the whole town is understaffed. The Reich is desperate for... Good morning. Educated people with some German. The train station? I might be able to track oil shipments. The Germans won't make it that easy. No. But it might get us closer to the refineries. You're going to need some Polish papers. I'll see what I can find at the office. I'll meet you back here later. Yeah. I've been gone too long. We never got to finish our conversation from the train. If you're going to ask about the guns, I've already told... I'm more interested in what brings you here, Fritz. Someone of your rank, it must be business. So what is it? More evacuations? I deal in counterintelligence. Pacification. I can see why my superiors required my presence here. Your camp is impressive. It's well hidden. And very well fortified. Even if you were to get out of here alive, you'll never find it again. If you stay away from German villages and trains, I won't have to. Cross your heart and hope to die? A gentleman's agreement. If you let me go and stop illegal actions in this area, I won't send anyone to harm you. Call it a cease fire. These are not German villages. You are on Polish soil. On our land. We're both soldiers. This is war. It's not a personal choice. No. You could have been a better man. But you put on a uniform, and let it make choices for you. When the war is over, win or lose, you'll find a way to justify your actions: "I am a soldier. "It was my duty. It wasn't personal." But we both know that isn't true. I want to make sure that you never, ever forget the choice you made. To put on that uniform and play your part. Either way, Fritz, things are going to be different when you look in the mirror now. Did you find your friend? Yes. The prisoner exchange will happen as planned. Good. But we need to be prepared. Don't worry, we'll have full control, clear visibility and snipers concealed in the trees. We'll be ready. Let's get back to the guns. Where are they? Where are they? Please just stop. STOP! STOP! The man needs to be presentable. He needs to be able to walk. I know what she looks like. That's right. Your wife. I don't think it would be very hard to find out where she lives, where she sleeps. Tell me where the guns are. Or I will find her and do to her what your people did to mine. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. (whispering) (urinating) Here. They don't have the prisoners to trade for you. They've been killed. No one here knows. They think the Germans are going ahead with the exchange. We'll find a way to set you free. Could you watch them a moment while I load these welcome gifts into the car? Of course. Come along, ladies. Could you take these into the mail room? All three of you. Immediately. It's the personal touches, when you arrive in a new place. They make all the difference. You'll need this at the exchange. He has to escape alive. Everyone we've lost. Everything. It'll be for nothing if our operation is compromised now. Rigaud, Harry. They have one thing in common. Franz Faber. You think that's a coincidence? We need him freed. Her direct orders. (unsettling music) Ten more minutes, then we kill him. (vehicle approaching) Take your positions. How were you going to get us off the train? You were wanted fugitives. Political dissidents I urgently needed to question. You think I came to you to put more blood on my hands? This doesn't mean we're square. Release the prisoner! The prisoner stays where he is until I see our men. Out! Move! Come! Remove the hoods! I said, take them off! This isn't right. (whistling) (gunfire) What happened? Where are the prisoners? Probably dead already. I thought your source said they had them, that we'd get them back. That's what we were told. Zosia, they're not to be blamed. We were prepared for the ambush. We'd have lost more, if we hadn't had eyes in the trees. Where is the German? We lost him. Stroik is looking for him in the woods. Jiri, Antonin, Teodor. They're gone. Now what? We're low on guns. We might have more. I got through to London, thanks to their radio. Franz! Don't. What happened to you? I need a clean shirt. Why? Where are they? Where did you put them? Where are they? I need a shirt! Here. I'll bring you a fresh uniform. The bathroom is through there. You know where the station is? Yeah. The operator came through. They're going to drop in more guns and explosives. Glad it could help. Then we'll have two guns for every man. What do you mean? Stroik got Fritz to tell him where the weapons are. The ones from the train. He and Jerzy went to... Why didn't you tell me this? I thought you knew. Which way did they go? The edge of Pruszko, the old warehouse. Franz! Herr Brigadefuhrer! You're injured. Is this my office? Yes. I need you to get a team together. Yes, Herr Bridgadefuhrer. We're going to eradicate those Resistance guerrillas. Where do we start? The forest spans for miles. No, not the forest. I know exactly where they will be.I  sent them there. There are to be no survivors. Understood, Herr Brigadefuhrer. Now, Edsel! (heels clicking) I hope you will consider the position. It has been so difficult to find a literate German speaker. But these are the things we must do. My mother insisted I learn as a child. It was either that or the violin. Personally speaking, I would prefer to see more violinists among us than German speakers. Alec, this is my daughter, Irena. Without her, this place would be in shambles. Pleased to meet you. Show Alec around, will you? When can you start? Now? Perfect. So, Alec. We handle passenger tickets, but most of our work involves cargo. (man): Don't move! Take their weapons! They're already here. Let's get closer. (man): Up against the wall! Move! Move! Follow me. Stay low. (gunshots) No. Wait. There's too many of them. We'll get the bastards and we'll make them pay. We were supposed to have the element of surprise  for the exchange. We were supposed to ambush the bandits, not the other way around. Instead, not a single soldier comes back alive. Now you see what I've been dealing with here. They're savages. Stop making excuses. What are their numbers? It wasn't numbers that made the difference. They set the terms for the rendezvous. They had time to plan. It happened on their territory. It's a miracle I made it out. Where is their camp? How well defended? I saw nothing.I  was blindfolded the whole time. They led me in circles to the meeting point, so I can't locate the camp. They're motivated. Ruthless. But they're desperate for weapons. (knock at door) Yes. Herr Brigadefuhrer, a word? Please excuse us. Untersturmfuhrer Edsel can speak freely. All the Resistance guerrillas at the target location were shot. I also took the liberty of keeping one of them alive for interrogation.I  believe he was their leader. I extracted some very valuable intelligence from him. There are Allied spies among the Polish Resistance. Two men in the forest. And someone working among us. Thank you, Edsel. I need to speak to the Brigadefuhrer alone. This is now your top priority. You need to capture those spies. I'll dispose of them. No. I want them questioned. I need to know if they're here to support Resistance or if they're targeting Marigold. Marigold? Find the spies and we'll discuss it. I know you requested they all be killed. But the man who struck Frau Faber is still alive. He's downstairs in a cell. I thought maybe you'd want to speak with him... personally? Good work, Matthias. Release him. Out. Get up. Empty your pockets onto the table. Sit down. If you think you're going to find out the location of our camp, you are sadly mis... (ominous music) The rendezvous is set. Your contacts are expecting you. We'll do you proud, sir. Flight leaves at 0300. Gentlemen. Sir. Flight? You're sending them into the field? We need replacement agents for Harry and Tom. Peter and David? That's right. Sir, you said that I could... I've made my decision, Krystina. David just failed his field test. There'll be other opportunities. I am a fully qualified radio operator and fluent in Polish. Prepare their papers, please. (whispering): We have a mole. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 