Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x22 - Risk Management - Elementary 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x22 - Risk Management https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=12&t=10043 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/11/13 11:33 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x22 - Risk Management 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 ANNOUNCER:  Previously on  Elementary: Several weeks ago,  he learned of the existence of a woman named Irene Adler. 
 WATSON:  He's only loved one person in his life,  as far as I can tell, and she was murdered. 
 Your girl, that was him. 
 That was Moriarty. 
 And whom do I have the pleasure of speaking to? 
 MAN (British accent): My name is Moriarty. 
 I believe we're overdue for a chat. 
 Well, if this is Moriarty, then, yeah, long overdue. 
 If? 
 You're just a voice on the end of a telephone. 
 I don't even know if you have a first name. 
 Mind telling me your first name? 
 I appreciate your passing my message along to Sebastian Moran. 
 I hear his prognosis is quite grave. 
 So what? 
 I expect you to feel angry because I manipulated you. 
 Rather easily, I might add. 
 Chin up, Holmes. 
 Manipulation is my business. 
 Seems more like murder is your business. 
 A part of it. 
 Explain. 
 Consider me a spider. 
 I sit motionless at the center of my web. 
 That web has a thousand radiations, and I know well every quiver of each of them. 
 I do little myself, I only plan. 
 But my agents are numerous and splendidly organized. 
 If there is a crime to be done, a paper to be abstracted, a house to be rifled, a man to be removed, the word is passed to me, the matter is planned and carried out. 
 So, you're a pimp, and assassins are your girls. 
 (laughs) 
 Yes, I suppose that's one way of putting it. 
 Irene Adler. 
 Did you have her killed? 
 That is the question, is it not? 
 The one that's haunted you these many months? 
 Why'd you do it? 
 And what is your interest in me? 
 You want answers. 
 I don't blame you. 
 But first, I require something of you. 
 I'd like to hire you. 
 Not as an assassin, though I do believe you'd excel in that position. 
 I'd like to secure your services as an investigator. 
 A man named Wallace Rourke was murdered in Brooklyn several months ago. 
 The New York Police Department investigated, but failed to find any leads. 
 Bring his killer to justice, and I promise I'll give you all the answers you can handle. 
 (hangs up) 
 ♪ Elementary 1x21 ♪ 
Risk Management Original Air Date on May 9, 2013 
 ♪ 
 HOLMES:  Here we are. 
 New York Ledger from December. 
 Wallace Rourke, mechanic, age 43, found stabbed to death in an alley in Brooklyn. 
 Can we just take a moment to talk about what just happened? Mr. Rourke's missing wallet and watch led the police to suspect he was the victim of a mugger. 
 Moriarty, or someone claiming to be Moriarty, called and asked you to take a case, and you're doing it. 
 And why wouldn't I? For one thing, he's dangerous. 
 For another, you think he's behind Irene's death. 
 Yes, and in the course of one brief exchange, I've already gleaned that Moriarty is between 40 and 45 years of age, he hails from Sussex, and he has some interest or connection to Mr. Wallace Rourke. 
 As the case continues, there will be more interactions. 
 And with each interaction, more of the man will be revealed to me. 
 Assuming the man on the phone is actually is Moriarty. 
 Even if it is a mere minion, just identifying the minion will get me one step closer to identifying the man himself. 
 How do you know it's not a trap? 
 How do you know he doesn't want to kill you? 
 He doesn't. How can you be so sure? 
 Because three years ago, he ordered Daniel Gottlieb not to kill me. 
 Last night, I was in the sights of another assassin's rifle. 
 Yet, here I sit. 
 It couldn't be clearer-- he doesn't want me dead. 
 Then what does he want? 
 That's precisely what I intend to find out. 
 HOLMES:  So...  as we already know, Wallace Rourke was attacked by an unknown assailant. 
 His watch, wallet and cell phone were taken. 
 He bled to death in an alleyway... 
 He was married. 
 Perhaps a condolence call to his widow is in order. 
 (knocking) 
 Captain Gregson wants a word with you. 
 Can it wait? 
 Not you. Miss Watson. 
 Hi. You wanted to see me? 
 Oh, yeah. Oh, come in. 
 Sit down. Close the door. 
 You ever have trouble trying to remember your online passwords? 
 Sure. Sometimes. Why? 
 I got this friend named Eddie. 
 We grew up together. 
 He invented a widget for storing all your passwords for your computer into one place. 
 You know the one? Yeah. 
 He made a fortune, sold his company, and he moves his family down to Boca Raton. Good for Eddie. 
 Yeah, but not so good for his daughter, Kelly. 
 She ended up with a pretty serious drug problem. 
 I'm sorry to hear that. 
 So Eddie and I were talking on the phone the other day. 
 And he happened to mention that he and his wife were looking to hook Kelly up with a sober companion after she gets out. I'm thinking, I know a great one. 
 You know that I don't do kind of work anymore. 
 Probably only take you a couple of months. 
 It's not like you're formally (phone chimes) committed to Holmes anymore. 
 Right? Hmm. Speaking of. Oh. 
 He's already downstairs. I should go meet him. 
 But you know what? I will give you some other names. 
 WOMAN: I'm sorry, I've never heard the name "Moriarty" before in my life. 
 Does your husband do any business with any British people? 
 Wallace worked in a garage. 
 I mean, he knew a couple of Dominican guys. 
 When the police questioned you, you mentioned something about Wallace thinking that he was being followed. 
 Yeah. 
 A few weeks, um, before he died, he kept seeing the same car in his rearview mirror, but it just... it happened the one time, so the cops said it didn't have anything to do with the mugging. 
 Are those some of your husband's things? 
 Uh, yeah. 
 Wallace was kind of a packrat. 
 Do you mind if we take a look? 
 Yeah. 
 So, you said you're consulting detectives, right? 
 Not the real kind? 
 Oh, I assure you, the work that we do is quite real. 
 So, does that mean there's a new lead? 
 Not exactly, but sometimes, new eyes on a case can be just as useful as new information. 
 As a matter of fact, it might be quite useful to spend a bit more time with his belongings. 
 Perhaps we could borrow them for a few days. 
 Sure. 
 Uh, fine, yeah. Take whatever. 
 Thanks. 
 Um, I thought I read in the police report that the mugger also stole your husband's phone. 
 Yeah, well, like I said-- 
 Wallace is a packrat. 
 He never threw anything out. 
 That's his old phone. 
 A few weeks before he died, someone bumped into him on the street and spilled coffee all over it. 
 He had his new one on him when he died. 
 Please... please... find whoever did this. 
 HOLMES: According to Wallace's financial records, him and his wife were living quite close to the bone. 
 Is that significant? 
 Moriarty paid Sebastian Moran and Daniel Gottlieb quite handsomely. 
 Oh, so, you think Rourke was working for him, too? 
 Moran and Gottlieb were assassins. 
 Perhaps he did something less dangerous. 
 Perhaps he was just good at hiding his money. 
 Maybe, but why would Moriarty want to expose another one of his employees? 
 It seems a little risky, doesn't it? 
 It's one of the advantages of being a shadowy criminal mastermind, I imagine. 
 You get to take the occasional risk. 
 But I see your point. 
 According to the M.E.'s report, Rourke's initial wounds were these two stabs to the chest. 
 The wounds are smooth, not jagged, which would seem to suggest that he was 
 not moving or struggling  when he was stabbed. 
 You're saying he didn't resist? 
 I'm saying he was motionless or maybe he was frozen in fear. 
 Wallace was a former Army Ranger. 
 Given his combat experience, that doesn't seem likely. 
 See this bruise below his left ear? 
 That's from a blow to the mastoid process. 
 That's designed to stun. 
 He wasn't frozen in fear; he was immobilized. 
 Then the killer stabbed him in each lung, Whoever attacked Wallace wanted him dead, and knew how to do it. This is not the work of your average street thug looking for a wallet, no. Moriarty's right. Obviously, there's more to this than meets the eye. And now... I require sustenance. Out with it, Watson, or you're gonna spend all night almost asking me something. (sighs) What was she like? Irene, you-you talk about what happened to her, but you never talk about who she was. She was difficult to explain. And I mean that as a compliment. She was American. WATSON: Really? I held it against her only briefly. She was an exquisite painter. She made her living restoring Renaissance paintings for art museums. She traveled extensively because of her work. She was highly intelligent, optimistic about the human condition. You mean that as a compliment, too? I do, oddly enough. I usually consider it a sign of stupidity, but with Irene, it seemed... almost convincing. She was, to me,  the  woman. To me, she eclipsed and predominated the whole of her gender. She's the one I ever, um... And the s*x... You-you don't have to... I learned things, Watson-- me. And that hasn't happened before. What is it? I think Wallace Rourke might have been right about being followed. Have a look at that. It's an old shipping label. For the cell phone he had on him when he died. Look at the return address. Uh, "Postal Unlimited. 2249 Lexington Avenue"" All the major cellular companies ship from distribution warehouses upstate. And how does that equal him being followed? Because the simplest way to follow someone in this day and age is to track them via their cell phone. It's a relatively simple undertaking if you have the device's electronic identification number. Which you would have if you'd supplied the replacement cell. So who sent Rourke his new phone? You learning anything? Apparently, if my gut tells me I'm in danger, I probably am. Profound stuff here. Guy runs one of the biggest private security firms in the country; he's got to know something. MAN: Mr. Holmes, Miss Watson. Hi. I'm Daren Sutter. This is my wife Kate. We were told you consult for the NYPD. We have a few questions. If it's all the same with you, we'd like to ask them in private. Hmm, so you're a third-degree black belt in Kyokushinkai. That's impressive. Yeah, only took me 20 years of study to pull it off. Do you practice the, uh, martial arts? A bit of single-stick now and again. How can we help you? This is Wallace Rourke. Your firm was tracking him. We'd like to know why. Oh. No? No, I'm afraid we don't recognize him. Several months ago, you or one of your employees ran into Mr. Rourke and made sure that his cell phone met its end via a cup of French Roast. He ordered another cell phone from his provider but, according to them, never switched it on, most probably because it was intercepted en route by you or another one of your employees. Instead, unbeknownst to Mr. Rourke, he received and began to use an identical cell phone supplied by your company. We found the shipping label for that in Rourke's things. The return address is for a shipping store right around the corner from here. A helpful gentleman identified your company as the one who paid to have it sent. Once Rourke activated your phone, you were able to monitor his every move, and we believe that you did, right up until the moment he was stabbed to death three months ago in Brooklyn. Actually we only surveilled Rourke for a couple of days. Daren... Well, investigative work like this merits at least some kind of an answer; it's not as if we can keep denying any knowledge of Rourke. Right? You understand we're not admitting to tracking his phone. No, no, that would be illegal. We looked into Mr. Rourke based on threats he allegedly made against a client. After a brief period of legal surveillance, we realized the claims were unfounded; we stopped the surveillance. Who was this client? I'm afraid that's confidential. Let me guess: the client who hired Sutter Risk Management to investigate Wallace Rourke is our new suspect in his murder. Now all we have to do is figure out his name. Already have. First name "Made"" second name "Up"" I don't believe he exists. Why not? Because I believe we've already met Wallace Rourke's murderer, and he's the spitting image of this man. Daren Sutter's book amounts to a virtual confession to the murder of Wallace Rourke. He published that book five years ago. How'd he confess to something he hadn't done yet? The book is more than a mass market précis of his insights into security and risk management. It is a window into what drew him to the field in the first place. Look at page 13. February, 1991, Westport, Connecticut-- Sutter was 23. His older sister Leah was brutally murdered during what the police believe was a home invasion robbery. Sutter was staying with her at the time. Oh, he got home just as the perpetrator fled the house. More than that. He came face-to-face with the man. He gave the police a full description. Enough for them to generate... a detailed sketch. So you think Wallace Rourke is the one who killed Sutter's sister 22 years ago. The police never caught the culprit. Sutter was tormented by his failure to protect her and law enforcement's failure to catch killer-- it became his raison d'étre. He dropped out of business school. He began to study law enforcement, security... and Kyokushinkai karate, which utilizes mastoid strikes. Just like the blow used to stun Wallace Rourke before he was stabbed to death. Now all you really know is that Wallace Rourke has a passing resemblance to an old police sketch. Did he have a criminal history? According to his Army record, he enlisted under a waiver, which means a judge gave him the choice between prison or the Army. His conviction was for breaking and entering. Can we place Rourke anywhere near the murder? Following his discharge from the Army in November 1990, Rourke moved back to his mother's house in Stamford, Connecticut, which I believe is half an hour's drive from where Leah was killed. So it is possible that, over 20 years ago, Wallace Rourke killed Sutter's sister. And that Rourke's recent death was the result of Sutter tracking him down and killing him in retribution. But why does Moriarty care about any of this? I would venture he wants us to bring down Sutter. Sutter's security firm, as you yourself pointed out, is one of the best in the country. With Sutter removed, it would in theory, make his clients more vulnerable. Moriarty may have one of them in his crosshairs. Which means our work on this case could cost someone their life. Not if our work leads to Moriarty's undoing first. Which will mean we save that person and anyone else Moriarty intends to victimize in the future. Okay, let's say you're right-- Moriarty planned this. That would mean he already knew that Sutter killed Wallace Rourke. Which is why I've arranged to speak with Sutter first thing in the morning in private. "In private"? It's gonna be a very delicate conversation. For what it's worth, he's not bringing his wife either. (phone chimes) Mr. Sutter, thank you for meeting me. Stand up, please. Okay... Can you tell me what you're doing there? It's a bug-sweeper. I'm checking for listening devices. (electronic clicking, tone oscillating) Okay. Right. (electronic clicking, tone oscillating) Okay. Thank you. Your turn. When you've heard what I have to say, you'll want to be quite sure we're not being recorded. (electronic clicking, tone oscillating) Excellent, good. Now then, I'm curious. How do you feel since you killed Wallace Rourke? Okay, we're done. No, no, listen to me. Consider it an inquiry from one scarred man to another. Or rather from one man to one whose wounds have finally begun to heal. I can tell the change from the pictures in your office. Since December you've lost 15 pounds, you got rid of the bags under your eyes. Both signs of a lifting depression. Avenging your sister's death has... has freed you. I told you-- we surveilled Rourke for a couple of days; that's it. You're a terrible liar. Actually, I'm an excellent liar. No, no, no-- better than most and excellent are two different things. I know that you killed Rourke. If you had proof, you'd be talking to the police, right? I don't have any proof yet. It's just a matter of time. Unless we can find some way to divert my attention. Moriarty. Does the name mean anything to you? Should it? Yes, it should. He pointed me in your direction. I think he wishes to profit from your incarceration. I'm just not sure how. I've never heard that name before in my life. Now you're telling the truth. Okay, I'm gonna need access to your client files. See if I can discern if there's a link between him and one of them. You want me to trust you with my business based on some crazy story about a mystery man plotting my demise? No. Some proof then. Judging by the precision with which you killed Rourke, not to mention Moriarty's resources, I wouldn't be surprised if he learned of your transgression via listening device in your office and/or home. Impossible-- we sweep both regularly. "Regularly"-- so if one knew the schedule, then one could remove and replace bugs as needed. So, sweep them today, see what you find, then contact me and we'll talk about your clients. Are you trying to get rid of me? What're...? What are you talking about? Well, your friend in Boca, the one whose daughter needs a companion, I-I just feel like you're pushing me to take that offer. Are you unhappy with my work? No, of course not. I appreciate the work you've done with Holmes. And, uh, you're turning into a... pretty damn good investigator in your own right. But...? Have a seat. There's something you got to try to understand. Guys like him, they walk between the raindrops. They don't get wet. People like you do. People like his ex-girlfriend do. So you're concerned about my safety. In case you haven't noticed, a lot of bodies been dropping around our boy of late. You're in the danger zone, also. I've been a cop for 30 years. I carry a gun. And a pen1s. You think this is about you being a woman? I'm just don't understand why you are concerned about my safety specifically. No one, and I mean no one, is closer to this guy than you are-- you live in his house, for crying out loud. He needs me right now. That guy is always gonna need someone. He may be the smartest guy I've ever met in my life. But he is also the most self-absorbed. He probably doesn't even recognize the danger you're in. I do. (knocking on door) Captain...sorry to interrupt, but there's a Daren Sutter here from Sutter Risk Management. Says he wants to confess to the murder of Wallace Rourke. Uh, I came across Wallace Rourke after a routine background check. He was a mechanic. He applied for a position at a high-end dealership. My company was responsible for reviewing the three finalists. And how did you know he was the man who killed your sister? I recognized him immediately. It's been 22 years since Leah was murdered, and I still remember everything about that night. Especially him. GREGSON: Okay... why don't we start at the beginning? He found them. Moriarty's bugs. You think that's how Moriarty knew he killed Rourke? He knows that someone can prove that he killed Rourke, and he's confessing to get out ahead of it, and get the best deal that he can. If only he'd followed instruction. Come to me instead. Probably thought you were part of the conspiracy. I suppose, in a sense, I am. So, what now? We've done as Moriarty asked. I found Wallace Rourke's killer and brought him to justice. Now we await his call. And my answers. Personal security expert Daren Sutter, who was best known for his book  Friend or Foe,  has confessed to the murder of Wallace Rourke, whom he alleges was responsible for the murder of his sister 22 years ago. Leah Sutter, who is Daren's older sister... Okay, that is not distracting  at all. Moriarty must know about Sutter's arrest by now. Why hasn't he called? Moriarty, as you so eloquently put it, is an assassin pimp. Did you really think if you solved this case, he'd keep up to his side of the bargain? I'm well aware that Moriarty is playing with me. Just because I can't predict his next move, doesn't mean I can't expect him to make one. Why were you at the police station the other day when Sutter came in to confess? I needed to talk to Gregson. Was this a continuation of your earlier mysterious conversation with him or is it an entirely new one? 
 
 (phone chiming) BRITISH MAN: I see Daren Sutter is under arrest. Congratulations. I held up my half of the bargain, I expect you to do the same. To the contrary, you've only revealed part of the truth. I owe you nothing. You want the whole truth? I know a great deal more than you think. I know that Sutter was your target all along. I know that you had him under surveillance. I know that you didn't want to reveal that surveillance to the authorities, so you utilized me to expose him. You're slipping, Holmes. I'm referring to the truth about Leah Sutter's murder. Wallace Rourke killed her. No, in fact, he did not. He had an alibi. Let me guess: his mother swears that she dealt him into her bridge hand that evening. After Rourke left the Army, his mail went to his mother's house in Connecticut, but Rourke did not. He was in Saudi Arabia doing off-the-books work for an American oil company. He didn't return until March 1991. Sutter swears that he saw him. Sutter is wrong. He killed the wrong man. And your work is far from done. Finish it. (hangs up) (light switch clicking) Oh, good, you're awake. Oh... how long was I out? 107 minutes. Precisely enough time to cycle through all five stages of REM and non-REM sleep, leaving your mind clear for the day's labor. (sighs) Oh... have you made any progress? If by "progress"" you mean have I proven that Moriarty was wrong and Wallace Rourke killed Daren Sutter's sister, as Daren and myself had come to believe, then, no, I have made the opposite of progress. Ugh. So Rourke  was  in Saudi Arabia at the time of the murder. I can't prove that. Nor, unfortunately, can I prove he was anywhere else. After Rourke left the Army in 1990, his mail and his personal effects went to his mother's place in Connecticut. There is nothing to suggest that Rourke accompanied them. There's no credit card purchases, no... no bank withdrawals... no financial activity at all. Monetarily... a ghost. Maybe his mother paid for everything. An arrangement which is not unheard of. However, Rourke's medical records show that shortly before he left the Army, he refilled his malaria pill prescription. He also received a typhoid booster. So it's possible that he was planning to stay in Kuwait. He also received a vaccination for... meningococcal disease. Inoculation for that disease is only required for travel to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia! Again, not proof. But it is a suggestive detail which I should have noticed before. I also should have noticed the $30,000 deposit made to Rourke from a shell corporation in April 1991, mostly likely a payment for his services to the oil company. Still not conclusive. And our assignment was to find the killer for Wallace Rourke, not Leah Sutter. A case which-- I have just bothered to find out-- unidentified fingerprints were found on Leah's door after her death. Now they could have been left behind by someone unrelated to the case. They could have been left by a deliveryman, pizza boy. But the police have long suspected they were left by Leah's killer. I'm guessing that the fingerprints were not a match for Wallace Rourke? Correct. All of which would suggest that Moriarty may be right. Daren Sutter killed an innocent man. Maybe Moriarty's right because he set Sutter up. An excellent theory, hindered only by the fact that it is nigh on impossible. It's completely possible. Moriarty said he did things like this for a living. Daren Sutter saw his sister's killer running away from her body. His face is etched onto his brain. How does anyone, including Moriarty, trick a man into killing someone other than the person he saw? It's been over 20 years. Memories get distorted, influenced... No, no, not the memory of the person who took your sister, who took someone you loved from you. It is a conundrum. But once solved... we will have the complete truth which Moriarty has requested. This taste in my mouth is horrid. (running upstairs) If you want to use the toilet, I'll just turn away. You didn't have asparagus last night, did you? Why do you think Moriarty's putting you through all this? Well, he obviously views me as an enemy. Yes, but why? I must have interrupted some criminal enterprise of his in London. Well, then why didn't he just kill you? Why do what he did to Irene, and why is he making you jump through hoops, now that you're in New York? Uh, he's a more complex opponent than I have faced in some time. Are you even afraid of him? I find fear to be an unproductive filter with which to view the world. It dampens my powers of... Can't you just answer a question like a normal human being? As I mentioned earlier, he clearly doesn't want to kill me, so, no, I'm not afraid. Well, there are ways to hurt you that do not involve hurting... you. Watson, you know that there are risks entailed in the work that I-- that  we--  perform. You cannot do the work without undertaking those risks. But know this: as far as Moriarty is concerned, I will never allow any harm to come to you. Not ever. You can't promise that. And yet, I have. Now... given the amount of questions which need answering, I propose that we split up. I will go and see Mr. Sutter again, see if he can't shed some more light on the situation. You pay a visit to Mrs. Sutter. See if you can't convince her that access to the firm's client list might help us find the man who put them in this predicament. Okay? Wallace Rourke killed my sister. The evidence suggests... What evidence? It's an assortment of facts arranged to support what you want to believe. I don't  want  to believe anything. I  want  to make sense of this. I acknowledge that the evidence that Rourke was out of the country is-is far from iron-clad. And yet it seems unwise to ignore the possibility that you were misled. If you were, who stands to benefit from that? You're being played. Manipulated by whoever sent you down this path. Well aware of that possibility. And yet, as unlikely as it seems, it is at least possible that you were tricked into killing the wrong man. Okay. You said the other day I'm a terrible liar? You tell me if I'm lying right now. Wallace Rourke murdered my sister. BRITISH MAN: If there is a crime to be done, a paper to be abstracted, a house to be rifled, a man to be removed... the word is passed to me, the matter is planned... No, I'm sorry. I've never heard this man's voice before. Like I said, Mr. Holmes and I believe that he may be targeting one of your clients. Now, if you would allow me to look at your list, we might be able to figure out... I'm sorry. Our clients need to be able to trust our discretion as much as our ability to keep them safe. And as far as your theory that this man is behind some conspiracy to bring Daren down... You found bugs in here, didn't you? Let's say that we did. There's a lot of people who'd like to know what's going on inside these walls. And even if the man you're referring to is surveilling us, he couldn't possibly have set Daren up to kill the wrong man. Daren saw Wallace Rourke's face that night. Isn't it possible that he got it wrong? That after so many years of wanting to find the killer, he was ready to believe he had? There's no way he would make a mistake like that. You have to understand-- for Daren... his life is divided into two halves: before Leah's murder, and after. Did you know Daren before she died? I wish I had. I actually met Daren at a candlelight vigil the town was holding for Leah. That is a very complicated time to get involved. It was a complicated time to meet. We didn't get involved until a few months after. Daren found closure when he killed Wallace Rourke. Am I sad that he's in jail? Yes. But I'm also grateful that he finally... found some peace. Sherlock? You here? Oh. Well, my meeting with Kate Sutter was a bust. She's not giving up their client list. Her husband refused to discuss his enemies, as that would entertain the notion that he was being set up. So I began to catalogue them myself, using some files I got from Detective Bell. As the head of a successful risk management firm, Sutter's put away a long list of stalkers, abusive husbands, and dangerous obsessives. Well, it looks like a pretty competitive field. On top of that, he shared his obsession with his sister's killer with the world, so there's no shortage of people who know about his Achilles' heel. (groans quietly) Are you all right? Yeah, I'm just a bit stiff. Been sitting for too long. (exhales) I'm just... Forgive me. The last few days have just-just, uh, taken their toll. (breathes deeply) To be so... (inhales, exhales) so close some answers which I've sought for... so long. I cannot come up empty-handed. Why don't you go get something to eat? I will clean up. (exhales) (sighs) (horn honks outside) I was just thinking how difficult this case is for you. I know how badly Moriarty hurt you, and I was just thinking, I wish that I could fix it for you. I appreciate the sentiment, Watson, but I fear that your goal may be unobtainable. What about Daren Sutter? I mean, he's a lot like you. Except he got what he wanted. He's at peace now. We've been trying to identify people who wanted to tear Sutter down, but what if he was tricked into killing Wallace Rourke by someone who wanted to lift him up? If this is about Daren, I don't feel comfortable answering questions without his attorney. Well, actually, Mrs. Sutter, this is about you. We were hoping that you might be able to confirm exactly when you met your husband. Well, as I told Ms. Watson, it was in 1991, at a vigil for his sister Leah. So that would be after her death? Obviously. Well, being with Daren as long as you have, I'd assume you know as much about her case as anyone. So surely you know that partial fingerprints were found on her front door that night. They were never identified, but police thought there was a chance they belonged to the killer. They belonged to you. 'Cause you were the one who came through the door that night; not your husband. BELL: You handled Ms. Watson's phone yesterday. We were able to pull your prints and compare them to the ones from Leah's house. They matched. That means you lied to me. You did know Daren before Leah died. GREGSON: We checked public records. You were married to another man at this time. You and Mr. Sutter were having an affair. Okay. So Daren and I were together before Leah died-- so what? HOLMES: So... now we know why he was so certain he killed the right man all those months ago. 'Cause you told him it was the right man. He never saw the killer's face; you did. But you couldn't admit that without revealing your affair. BELL: And, so, Daren became the official witness, relaying all the details you saw, as if you were the one who that came in the door that night. Problem solved. Till the police couldn't find the man you described to Daren. That was hard on Daren. And you. HOLMES: 22 years later, you came across a man who you thought would pass for an older version of the man in this sketch. And that was Wallace Rourke. And the only way you could give your husband the peace that he'd never had was to insist that Wallace Rourke was the man that you saw that night. He was the man I saw that night. Rourke killed Leah. As a matter of fact, he didn't. We were just able to confirm, a little while ago, he wasn't even in the country at the time of the murder. You saw someone else that night. Now listen, your husband is gonna find out about this sooner or later. Why don't you do yourself a favor, and tell us the whole story. I loved Leah, too. But she wasn't my sister. She was Daren's. What happened that night, it... it changed him. I didn't love him any less. If anything, I loved him more. Doing what we do here and doing it well, that helped him. He started to get better. But then... when we came up on the 20th anniversary of Leah's death... he started to slip away again. We tried everything: all kinds of therapy, antidepressants... none of it helped. And a few months ago, I came home... and I found him with a gun. He had already written me a note saying good-bye. I talked him down, but I knew it was just going to be a matter of time before he tried again. I had to do something. He looked enough like the sketch to fool Daren. That combined with your insistence that it was the same man was all it took. This was the only way to save Daren. BELL: No, that's what 72-hour psych holds are for. Rourke was an innocent man. I didn't relish Mr. Rourke's death, but between him and Daren, it wasn't a hard choice. Neither is this: You're under arrest. So now that we have the whole truth, why do I feel so lousy? That's Moriarty's intention. I think this is supposed to be a stupid lesson. Show me a man who craves vengeance and can destroy the lives of others. You think this is his way of getting you to back off? I think I'm gonna go and visit Daren Sutter again. I feel an obligation to break the news of his wife's deceit personally. I'll meet you back at the brownstone. DAREN:  Uh, I'm just curious  why you're the one telling me all this. I thought you deserved to know. You said you understood me. You experienced loss, too, but what, you couldn't wait for... one more night? After I suffered through 22 years? I'll delve into Leah's case. I'll do everything possible to bring her killer to justice. Wow, you still don't get it, do you? Unless you plan on finding the man who murdered my sister and bringing him back here to me so I can strangle him with my own hands, there's never gonna be any justice. BRITISH MAN (on phone):  I've just been informed of Mrs. Sutter's arrest. Finally, you've earned your answers. I don't suppose I could convince you to deliver them in person? The truth, Holmes, is that I hope we never meet. My sense is that would be a great shame. Mm, for once of us. My point. We can end this now. I can promise you our paths will never cross again. Or, you may have your answers. I'm curious to see which you choose. (phone chimes) (phone rings) Watson. Just checking in. How did Daren take the news? As well as can be expected. Have you heard anything from Moriarty yet? No, afraid not. I'm returning home. I'll be there shortly. What do you think's inside? In this day and age, the simplest way to track someone is via their cell phone. You cloned the phone that Moriarty's been using to contact us. I did. Right after you told me that you'd never let Moriarty hurt me. I thought you'd try and pull something like this. You asked  me  to be  your  partner. You are my partner. You lied to me about hearing from Moriarty so you could come here on your own. Watson... ...most puzzles I see from the outside and it gives me a certain clarity. I am right in the center of this one. It has blurred my vision... to say the least. I just... I just lied to protect you. I didn't ask you to protect me. And I did not sign on to work with you to be put on the sidelines every time you or-or Gregson or anyone decides it's too dangerous. You want the danger. No, I want to know that I'm not kidding myself by staying with you. The reasons I'm here are personal. I could say the same thing. I have been with you every step of the way these past couple of weeks. We have worked hard on this case. Whatever answers he's got in there for you, I deserve them, too. (gate creaks) (door creaks) ♪ (dramatic orchestral music playing faintly in distance) (music plays slightly louder) (music plays much louder) ♪ What is it? Sherlock. (whispers): Irene... Irene... Irene...? (whispers): Irene. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 