Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 03x04 - Chapter XX: Blind Cannibal Assassins - Into the Badlands 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 03x04 - Chapter XX: Blind Cannibal Assassins https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=495&t=38358 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 09/30/20 18:46 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 03x04 - Chapter XX: Blind Cannibal Assassins 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 A warrior with no enemy to fight. 
 Must be a bitter frustration. 
 Is Mother dead? 
 Not yet. 
 So, you're not here to kill me? 
 And break her poor, fragile heart? 
 That can wait. 
 Besides, being locked up in here, sleeping in your own sh1t, that's a far more fitting punishment. 
 Tell me, what's it been now? 
 Almost 18 months? 
 What if I told you, you could have your life back? 
 An interloper with delusions of power wiped out one of my border check-points. 
 Does he have an army? Of sorts. 
 But he'd be no match for you and your friends, as gifted as you are at stealth and deception. 
 What friends are you talking about? 
 That band of traitorous Clippers who helped you smuggled out my Cogs, of course. 
 I didn't need any help. 
 Sneaking them through your lines was all too easy. 
 I'm offering you a chance to taste freedom again. 
 Hmm. 
 And I'm gonna pass, sis. 
 I thought you might need some extra motivation. 
 These are the ones who helped you free my Cogs. 
 Well, aren't they? 
 They must be very loyal if they're willing to die for you. 
 Should I shoot another? 
 Who's the target you want me to kill? 
 He calls himself Pilgrim. 
 You know, it's not too late to turn back. 
 You can, but I'm going to Vultures Peak. 
 Typical. Hey, hold on, you smell that? 
 Visitors. 
 I'd say you're a sight for sore eyes, but, as you can see... 
 My name's Sunny. This is Bajie. 
 And... 
 I sense you have another traveling companion. 
 My son, Henry. 
 Old ears, but accustomed to detecting small sounds. 
 Rest your rumps. 
 Thank you. You must be famished. 
 So, you're looking for the witch, eh? 
 Well, you got a long day's journey ahead of you. 
 We're not waiting till morning. 
 Oh, you don't want to go traipsing through the wasteland at night. 
 The moon's got his back to us. 
 You'll be his blind as I am. 
 Ah, smart thinking. Hey. 
 Is my food ready yet? 
 Nothing like sharing a meal with new friends. 
 Bless you. Thank you. 
 I want snipers every 30 yards on top of that building. 
 I'm guessing you're in charge? 
 Who are you? 
 Nathaniel Moon, your new Regent. 
 But the Regent was just through here. 
 Did he look like this? 
 He had another Clipper with him, and a baby. 
 Said the Widow wanted to get it to a healer across the lines. 
 You didn't find that odd? Well, at first, but, you have to understand, we've lost half our force. 
 And then he shows up with all these skills. 
 He's the reason we took the pass. 
 Is that so? 
 Which direction did he go? North-west. 
 Into the wasteland. 
 That's it. You're just gonna leave? 
 What about our reinforcements? Our supplies? 
 The Widow just throws us on the line, then hangs us out to dry. How does she expect us to win this war, huh? 
 Or does she even care? 
 Patch him up, then send word back that you need a new commander. 
 Henry. 
 Hey, wake up. 
 Henry! Henry! What, what happened? 
 Henry! 
 He took Henry. 
 You need to go to the medical tent. 
 I'll survive. 
 Sunny's probably already in the wasteland. 
 I need to go. 
 Damn, we're really gonna miss you. 
 The wasteland's no place to be traveling alone. 
 He killed my mother. 
 And you almost killed mine. 
 I thought I was doing you a favor. 
 Hey, asshole. 
 Not that I give a sh1t what happens to you, but she does. 
 In fact, she's the only one that does. 
 So, shut up, and listen to her. 
 I've got plenty of reasons to hate the Widow, her hypocrisy, her lies... 
 But I can't say I'm any better. 
 We're trapped in a cycle. 
 Blood for blood. 
 And we're the ones who want to change this world, but we can't if we keep fighting each other. 
 Where does it end? 
 For me, after I kill Sunny. 
 He, he's lost his wife, M.K., he has a baby. 
 I can't let you do this. 
 You can and you will. 
 Tilda? 
 The boy you knew is dead. 
 No. 
 Let this one go. 
 You better tell the Widow. 
 My scouts have tracked Pilgrim to this island fortress. 
 It's a day's hike. 
 How many fighters does he have? 
 The only ones you need to worry about are the two demons who massacred my garrisons single-handed. 
 Dark ones. 
 Don't come back without Pilgrim's head. 
 Or I'll make sure 50 Cogs lose theirs. 
 These are the blind man's. 
 He must have used a walking stick to find his way. 
 But to find his way where? 
 Where the hell in all this nothing, was he going? 
 Oh. 
 Scared of the dark? Yeah, well... 
 I mean, now you come to mention it, I never... 
 I never really got over being trunked by the Abbots as a child. 
 You go first. It's your baby. 
 Well... 
 What was this place? 
 I think it's where healers treated the sick. 
 Must have been a lot of sick people. 
 Poor little buggers. 
 I wonder what happened? 
 Let's keep moving. 
 We need to go. Now. 
 What about Henry? 
 We'll come back with weapons and torches. 
 Let's go. 
 _ 
 A hundred workers just walked away because of this? 
 Closer to 200. 
 We've got acres of poppy going to waste. 
 Who is this Pilgrim? 
 According to the workers who stayed, he claims to be a prophet. 
 His acolytes handed out these flyers, promising paradise, in a resurrected Azra. 
 Azra! 
 Must be some kind of huckster if he's peddling that moth-eaten dream. 
 Maybe. 
 But word is spreading. 
 And people are listening. 
 It's time this Pilgrim understood who he's dealing with. 
 I'm not sure that a show of force is the right move. 
 We don't need another enemy. Agreed. 
 Which is why my Viceroy and I are going to go pay him a visit. 
 Luckily, he drew us a map. 
 Are they what I think they are? 
 Yeah. 
 Bugger. 
 You know, you have got me into some seriously f'ed up shite in the short time I've known you, but this shite? 
 It makes all the other shite look like a lazy day in bed. 
 That's my son. 
 He belongs to us, now. 
 Normally, we would kill you, in which case you would help nourish our tribe, and by extension, the boy. 
 You know what he means by "nourish" right? 
 Are you offended by our diet? 
 It wouldn't be my first choice, no. 
 The little there is to eat here is contaminated by the poison that infects the wasteland. 
 Whereas the flesh of a fully grown man can sustain us for months. 
 You said "normally" you'd kill us. 
 We don't wish to deprive the boy of a father. 
 So we'll offer you a choice we don't offer most. 
 Join us. 
 If we agree? 
 Then you also agree to sacrifice your sight and walk with us in the darkness. 
 Is there a third choice? 
 You have one day to decide. 
 No longer. Take them away. 
 So I'm guessing that you don't want to end up on that butchering table? 
 I knew who these people are, Bajie. 
 'Cause I helped put them here. 
 It was revenge for Quinn's son. 
 A band of renegade Clippers kidnapped and mutilated him, then demanded ransom. 
 Instead, Quinn sent Waldo to track them down. 
 I was his Colt. 
 It was my first hunting party. 
 You're probably wondering why you're not dead. 
 That would be my preference. 
 But, I have my orders. 
 So I'm gonna let you go. 
 Don't start celebrating just yet. 
 Cause you ain't gonna be seeing much of the world. 
 Or anything else. 
 Your loyalty to your Baron should have been blind. 
 Okay, sunshine, you want to be a Clipper? 
 She's next. 
 Please. 
 Have mercy. 
 Bastards, making you do that. 
 It's the way of the Badlands. 
 Violence equals power. 
 And now, it's come back to haunt me. 
 Hmm. 
 Come closer, dear one. 
 What is it? 
 The pellet from an owl, containing the remnants of its last meal. 
 A field mouse. 
 Isn't it beautiful? 
 I'm worried about Castor. 
 He's getting worse. 
 This isn't Castor's challenge. 
 It is yours. 
 It's a harsh lesson. 
 Some must die, so that others can live. 
 Castor's final journey may come sooner than any of us hoped. 
 But God will not allow that void to go unfilled. 
 A new dark one has emerged. 
 You must go and find them. 
 And bring them back to join our fold. 
 I can't leave Castor alone. 
 His faith will keep him strong. 
 For now. 
 When it finally fades, you will have a new brother or sister standing by your side. 
 A visitor. 
 I'd say you were aight for sore eyes, but as you can see... 
 I'm looking for two men. 
 Sorry, not many folks come by here. 
 But why don't you grab a squat and a plate and we'll see if I can't help you out? 
 Thanks, but like I said... I won't take no for an answer. 
 Food and company are scare in these parts. 
 Rest your rump. 
 You must be famished. 
 Why not? 
 Leave us, brothers. 
 So, you're the Widow. 
 My enemies call me that. 
 And your friends? 
 Let's see which one you turn out to be first. 
 Well, then, you can call me Pilgrim. 
 Our High Priestess, Cressida. 
 My Viceroy, Lydia. 
 Why don't you show the Viceroy the archive? 
 I'm sure she'll be intrigued by the many artifacts we've gathered on our journey. 
 As you wish, Pilgrim. 
 This way. 
 I call myself Pilgrim, because that's what I am. 
 A traveler, a seeker of truth. 
 Wisdom, and above all, Azra. 
 A dusty fable. 
 To those who lack faith. 
 Guys, get over here. 
 We found relics of many ancient creeds on our way here. 
 Each offered wisdom, despite their flaws. 
 People are so thirsty to believe, they grasp at false idols instead of reaching for something greater. 
 Is that what you told my people to get them to join your cult? 
 Your people? 
 This one word betrays so much. 
 Pride, entitlement. 
 Blindness. 
 You can't create lasting change, unless you change people themselves. 
 And how would you do that? With faith. 
 With Azra. 
 I was raised by a man of true faith. 
 And he taught me to spot a hustler when I see one. 
 So much anger. 
 You talk of faith, and you have none. 
 You accept this brutal world as all there is. 
 I have no doubt that your father was a believer. 
 But so often, faith is used by the powerful to keep their people docile. 
 Accepting the misery of their lives for the promise of a better one in the hereafter. 
 And how is that any different from what you're promising? 
 Azra is not a paradise in heaven. 
 Azra is a paradise here on Earth. 
 And you are welcome to join us here. 
 Maybe you will find the faith you could not find with your father. 
 
 
 
 I have learned that these mighty creatures ruled the Earth for many millions of years, only to be extinguished in an instant. 
 Human empires are even more fragile. 
 But the Badlands has lasted 100 years. 
 And it will last for hundreds more. 
 With better leaders. Starting with you, of course. 
 But what happens once you're gone? 
 Will the changes you've made take root, or wither and die? 
 _ 
 You turned off his gift. How did you do that? 
 God has blessed me with a unique ability. 
 The better to do his work. 
 And he has blessed you with guile. 
 Using this visit to murder us. 
 I saved his life. 
 Unless, perhaps, you're playing a deeper game. 
 Saving me, to secure my friendship. 
 Wait. 
 Chau is the only Baron who brands her Clippers and Cogs. 
 Looks like you've already made an enemy of one Baron. 
 Maybe you shouldn't be so quick to alienate the other. 
 My apologies. 
 And my thanks for your timely assistance. 
 And you are right. There is no reason for us to be enemies, and good reason for us to be friends. 
 Why don't you join our crusade? 
 I lost my religion a long time ago. 
 I'm sure many more will find theirs with us. 
 As long as you don't do your recruiting on my land, we won't have a problem. 
 Now if you don't mind, I have a baronee to run. 
 And a war to win. 
 I can feel the boy's fever. What's wrong with him? 
 It's from the poison in my blood. 
 He's going to die if I don't get him to a woman named Ankara. 
 The witch? 
 She helps no one. 
 And besides, this child isn't dying. I would know. 
 I've given birth to many who did. 
 We saw. 
 In those jars. 
 I couldn't part with them. 
 It was like parting with hope. 
 That's the only thing we have left, in this cursed place. 
 We're from the Badlands. 
 Jarl and I were Clippers for rival Barons trained to kill each other, but instead, we fell in love. 
 We fled. 
 But Jarl's Baron tracked us down. 
 He blinded us for trying to have a life. 
 Why do I sense that you understand? 
 I was also a Clipper who tried to leave my Baron for love. 
 His revenge was to kill my wife. 
 All the more reason for you to join us. 
 That's not all. 
 I was the boy who took your sight. 
 It was my test to become a Clipper. 
 And you tell me this knowing that you will be damned? 
 I'm telling you this, because I feel I owe you the truth. 
 Because without my son, I'm damned anyway. 
 Unbelievable. 
 You had to tell her, didn't you? 
 I hate to interrupt. 
 This one came with quite the bag full of tricks. 
 Or, a handful, I should say. 
 At least, you will be able to catch up with old friends. 
 Goodnight, gentlemen. 
 And don't worry, I'll wake you up for breakfast. 
 Oh, he means us. 
 Well, this, uh... 
 A bit awkward, isn't it? 
 Are you gonna say anything? 
 Or are you just gonna glare at us all night? 
 Shut up, Bajie. Well, I am constitutionally unable to do that. Just ask him. Enough. 
 If we're going to survive this, we're going to have to work together. 
 What can you do with that thing? 
 It has two extendable swords. 
 Two spring-loaded darts. 
 And a knife. Nothing for the ladies? 
 I'm gonna need your boots. 
 My boots? Just get them off. 
 Kick them over. That hurt just watching it. Hang on. 
 Are you gonna tell me how to use that hand? 
 So you can kill me with it? 
 No. I don't help you, at least both of you die. 
 So will you. Being eaten. 
 Not such an honorable death, is it? 
 Oh, sweet. 
 You've had your day. What's your decision? 
 Joining you would mean letting my son die. 
 I can't do that. 
 Very well. 
 Kill 'em all! 
 Hey! 
 Ha! You see. 
 It ain't over till the fat lady sings. 
 Not that I've got a problem with fat ladies. 
 Ouch. 
 So, what happens when I let you out of those chains? 
 What should have happened the last time we crossed swords. 
 We fight with honor until one of us is dead, Sunny. 
 Huh, wrong answer. 
 You see, that's the problem with honorable men. 
 They don't know how to lie. 
 Oh. 
 They have my son, and there's a lot more of them than there are of us, so we need to fight our way out of this together. 
 You have my answer. 
 Sorry, Nathaniel. 
 Hey. Shh. 
 Quick, lock it. 
 You killed them all, didn't you? 
 Give me my son. 
 I'm sorry. 
 You're going to die down here. 
 Come with us. 
 Seriously? 
 I've lived in the darkness too long to face the light. 
 I'm sorry, too. 
 Let's go. 
 Found your honor after all, huh? 
 Hey, that's enough. Let's take it outside, before someone else turns up, and tries to turn us into a sausage. 
 Yeah? 
 Pick up my sword, Sunny. 
 I told you, there was going to be a reckoning. 
 Now, pick it up. 
 Do you know why those people were in there? 
 Because of me. 
 I blinded them when I was a Colt, following my Regent's orders, who was following our Baron's orders. 
 Blood for blood. 
 But I will not continue that cycle with you, Nathaniel. 
 I'm not going to fight you. 
 And neither will Bajie. 
 This is yours. 
 How you use it is up to you, but if you kill me, my son is your responsibility. 
 Maybe you can find your honor in that. 
 I can't, Sunny. 
 I can't deny your son the chance that was denied mine. 
 To grow up with his father. 
 So we're good? 
 Yeah. 
 My honor's been satisfied. 
 But the Widow still wants your head. 
 Don't come back to the Badlands. 
 Understood. 
 First, we survive blind cannibals, then Moon decides not to kill us. 
 Maybe miracles do happen. 
 Yeah. 
 Maybe. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 