Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x02 - Shall We Gather at the River - Falling Skies 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x02 - Shall We Gather at the River https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=199&t=12264 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 06/20/12 20:15 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x02 - Shall We Gather at the River 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [ Thunder crashing ] 
 [ Gasps ] 
 [ Screams ] 
 [ Grunts ] 
 ♪ Falling Skies 2x02 ♪ 
Shall We Gather at the River 
Original Air Date on June 17, 2012 
 Checked you out from head to toe. 
 You seem perfectly normal. 
 Well, what if it wasn't something physical but psychological? 
 Could they have given me some kind of posthypnotic suggestion? 
 And turned you into what - sleeper agent? 
 I don't think anyone, even a supposedly advanced race of aliens, could get Tom Mason to turn against his boys. 
 You've got a lot of faith in a man who walked onto a spaceship of his own free will. 
 They threatened to take Ben away. 
 It was a lie. And I fell for it. 
 I left my boys to fend for themselves for the last three months. 
 Tom, you have to believe, I-I tried to be there for them. 
 Oh, I know. 
 Truth is, your boys are amazingly resilient. 
 If anything, they've grown stronger. 
 And you? 
 I'm alive. 
 Can't say that for most of us. 
 Lost a lot of really good people right here, right on this table. 
 The worst part of it is, I have trouble remembering what they looked like, what they sounded like. 
 They're just fading away. 
 So I started pinning up their pictures, trying to hang on to them. 
 Tom: Uncle Scott. Rick didn't make it? 
 [ Sighs ] I don't know. 
 One day he was there. Next day, he was gone. 
 If you're worried about Ben, do not be. 
 Ben hates the Skitters. 
 Weaver says he's one of our best fighters. 
 If we had an X-ray, I could find out what's going on inside of him, but until I get my hands on a working machine, there's no way to know. 
 Just like there's no way to know what's going on inside of me, despite what you or Weaver or I would like to believe. 
 [ Wood creaks ] 
 Bridge looks good! 
 I mean, considering. 
 We may have a real shot at crossing here, guys. 
 That's good. 
 Aliens have blown up every other bridge within a hundred miles of here. 
 Got us pinned on this side of the river. 
 [ Clears throat, breathes deeply ] 
 Better get back with the intel. 
 The longer we stand around, the closer the Skitters are to finding us and turning 2nd Mass into roadkill. 
 Practicing operational silence? 
 Because you've hardly said a word all day. 
 You know, it's not your fault. 
 That's what everyone keeps telling me. 
 Hey, Ben, Jimmy! Let's go! 
 Who would have expected your dad to have been there after three months? 
 It was dark, Skitters on our heels, something moved. 
 Anyone would have shot. 
 Well, it wasn't anyone. It was me. 
 [ Aircraft approaches ] 
 Incoming! 
 [ Gun cocks ] 
 [ Indistinct shouting ] 
 [ Machine-gun fire ] 
 Get down, Ben! 
 Get it, Dai! Damn it! 
 [ Gasping ] 
 Nice shot, Dai. 
 20 Mike-Mike, armor-piercing discarding sabot. 
 Accept no substitutes. 
 [ Laughs ] Nice! 
 Well, I guess we can't cross here. 
 After we attacked that structure in Boston the aliens want us like hounds on a fox. 
 Tried every trick I could think of to shake them, but, uh, they surrounded us... in Fitchburg. 
 It was a disaster. 
 They poured fire on us from all sides, till Ben found a soft spot in their lines and we managed to punch through. 
 But we lost a lot of people. 
 We lost more than a hundred. 
 My God. 
 And now the bastards are trying to do it again. 
 We got the Housatonic River right here. 
 It runs to the west, to the south. 
 We are here. 
 And their units have cut us off from the north and the east. 
 And they're moving in. 
 And if I don't find a way to get across that river, they're gonna pin the 2nd Mass in, and they're gonna destroy us. 
 And that is why I need you. 
 Yeah. 
 How have my boys done? 
 Thank God for Hal and Ben. 
 They really stepped up while you were gone -- both of them. 
 But they're young, and they're not ready to be my X.O., which is why I need somebody who can ask me the hard questions, who can give me a swift kick in the butt if I need it, you know? 
 We can't afford another Fitchburg, Tom. 
 Now, the scouts should be back to camp pretty soon, and I... 
 I'm hoping that they found a way across this damn river, and I want you at the debrief. 
 Dan, I can't. 
 I know that you're not completely healed. 
 I'm not asking you to do anything. No, no. No. 
 The wound's not the problem. I just nicked a rib. 
 Anne will have the stitches out next week. 
 Then what is it? 
 I don't trust myself. 
 And you shouldn't, either. 
 You giving me orders now? 
 I'll decide who I can trust. 
 And I'll put my money on the man who pulled my ass out of the fire in Boston. 
 Crazy Lee: No, it's true. Dylan's alive. 
 He's holed up in a mine shaft in Minnesota, rewriting his protest songs into war ballads. 
 Delvalle heard one of his broadcasts over that crystal set he built. 
 Oh, man, that thing doesn't even work. 
 It couldn't pick up a conversation in the next tent. 
 Never mind a broadcast from Minnesota, if there even was one. 
 Crazy Lee: Man, shut up. What the hell do you know? 
 What is -- how did you do this? Wrench slipped. 
 Thought you might come out here and kiss it, make it better. 
 Aah! 
 So, what's the deal with the Professor? 
 What do you mean? 
 Just kind of figured he'd give us all an oral history in alien-interrogation techniques, but all we got is brooding silence. 
 Well... What's up with that, now? 
 [ Sighs ] 
 I'm a medic, not a shrink. 
 Scouts are back! 
 Let's hope they find a way across that damn river. 
 [ Engines shut off ] 
 Good luck. 
 Yeah, this should be fun. 
 [ Indistinct conversations ] 
 Is the Captain in there? 
 Thanks. 
 [ Sniffs ] 
 You can't even walk across this thing. 
 [ Spits, chuckles ] 
 Dollars to doughnuts, the Beamers will bomb the hell out of your work crews 10 minutes after they started trying to rebuild it. 
 Yeah, well, I didn't say I had everything worked out. 
 I said this is our best chance. 
 We may be better off probing for a weak point and then fighting our way out. 
 Yeah, well, the Mech and Skitter columns I saw weren't carrying any weak points with them. 
 Hal: So far, we've managed to stay hidden. 
 But they're looking hard, and they're closing in fast. 
 They're gonna be on us in two days. Tops. 
 [ Sighs ] Why don't they just nuke the whole damn city and be done with us? 
 We might not be worth it. 
 We haven't seen them drop neutron bombs in months, not since Boston. 
 Weaver: They won't need a nuke if they trap us on this side of the river. 
 What about that boat that you liberated from a sporting goods store, Jamil? 
 It was rubber, seats five, no motor. 
 Best guess, it'd take us 40 minutes, round trip, across the river. 
 No, that would take way too long to get everybody across. 
 Plus, we'd have to leave all the vehicles, all the heavy weapons -ounded, supplies. 
 Yeah. Not acceptable. 
 Captain, it seems our best and only option is to rebuild the bridge. 
 We don't have to rebuild it, Captain. 
 We could just patch it up. 
 You know, the supports look like hell, but I think they'll hold. 
 We can build decking, bridge them over these gaps and drive across. 
 Doesn't have to last forever, right? Just one night. 
 We have no choice. 
 Start building the decking, Jamil. 
 Hey, man, what about the Beamers? 
 It's too bad they learned how to beat our jamming so quickly. 
 We'll figure out a way to deal with the air threat. 
 Once we get across, we have no idea what's in that forest. 
 Could run smack into an ambush. 
 That's why somebody's got to go across for a look-see. 
 Anybody up for a cold swim? 
 I'll do it. Maggie and I will take the boat. 
 We'll go across. We'll check it out. 
 It'll take you too long to paddle across. 
 I can swim it faster and not be seen. 
 Really? 
 You've been away, Dad. This is what I do. 
 Weaver: He's right, Tom. 
 He's the best... man for the job, yeah. 
 You take Jimmy with you to cover your route to the riverbank. 
 Tonight. 
 Swimming across that river's nothing for Ben. 
 It's those spikes. 
 He can run for miles without breaking a sweat. 
 He has ears like a jack rabbit. He can see like a hawk. 
 [ Grunts ] 
 Comes at quite a price. 
 It's the world we live in, not the world we want. 
 I think we've all changed a little bit. 
 Ooh, I know. 
 [ Sighs ] 
 Weaver told me how you stepped up. 
 Saw it for myself in that meeting. 
 Proud of you, Hal. 
 You know, I'm sorry. 
 We haven't had a chance to catch up since you've been gone, but maybe when we get across this river, we can have a... family dinner. 
 Yeah, maybe. Hey. 
 I got to ask a favor of you, and it's important. 
 Sure. Anything. 
 While the aliens had me, I -- there's big chunks of time that I can't remember. 
 I think they may have done something to my mind. 
 Like what? 
 I don't know. 
 But I need you to promise me something. 
 A-anything. 
 Just keep your eye on me. 
 Tom: If I do anything strange, if I do anything that would endanger the lives of our people -- 
 Okay, but, Dad. You're not -- 
 Yeah, but if I do, I want you to stop me. 
 Stop you? How? 
 By any means necessary. 
 You know, you've been through a lot of crazy stuff, Dad. 
 Let's go talk to Anne, all right? 
 We'll go see Weaver. 
 No, no. I already talked to them. Now I'm talking to you. 
 And I'm not asking! You got to do this! 
 I don't want to hurt anybody, Hal, least of all you or Ben or Matt. 
 I'm afraid, Hal. I'm sc-- 
 Dad? 
 [ Screams ] 
 Dad, are you okay? Dad! 
 Dr. Glass, come quick! Something's happened to my Dad! 
 Dad, I'm right here! Dad, can you hear me?! 
 [ Indistinct conversations ] 
 Is he gonna be okay? 
 Of course he's gonna be okay. 
 Well, we just got him back. 
 I know, buddy. 
 [ Sighs ] 
 You think it's true... what he was saying... 
 That he might hurt us? 
 There's no way. 
 Look, it's Dad. 
 Those old fish-heads couldn't change him if they tried. 
 He escaped from their ship, didn't he? 
 Found his way back to us, despite everything they did to stop him, right? 
 He's gonna beat this, too. 
 All right? 
 [ Sighs ] 
 This is gonna sting. 
 Just do it. 
 [ Grunting ] 
 You see that? 
 It's lodged in his sclera. 
 What is it? Lourdes: Could be a cyst. 
 You mean like some kind of growth? 
 No. It wasn't there when I examined him this morning. 
 Oh. 
 Tom: What?! What's wrong? 
 It's moving. 
 Yank it out! 
 Hold on, okay. You don't know what this involves. 
 If I get this wrong, you could lose sight in your eye. 
 Then I'll do it. 
 Weaver: Easy. Oh, God. 
 Tom, easy. Like hell! 
 Lourdes, get a specimen jar. 
 Dan, hold his head steady! I got you. Easy. Easy. 
 Tom, easy. Hey, it's all right. Come on. 
 Okay. 
 Ready? 
 Tom: [ Grunting ] 
 [ Screaming ] 
 [ Grunts ] 
 [ Sighs ] 
 It looks like a... parasite. 
 One long, two short means it's me. 
 All clear is two short, one long. 
 And if you got Skitters following you? 
 You get the first shot. 
 Awesome. 
 Wait, uh, y-you might need this. 
 Weaver's compass. 
 Yeah, just don't make me come after it. 
 That water's freezing. 
 [ Chuckles ] 
 It's invigorating! 
 Invigorating! 
 Uh, you say it just snapped shut? 
 Like a pill bug. 
 I don't see any seams. 
 You should destroy it. 
 I agree. Yeah? 
 What if it's a tracking device? It could give away our position. 
 Tom's been with us for days. 
 If it was tracking our position, the alien would have attacked us by now. 
 Or it could be, like Tom said, a mind-control device. 
 Yeah. Well, it's out now. 
 That doesn't mean it's the end of it. 
 There could be others in me. 
 What do you recommend, Tom? 
 I don't think that you've got any choice... except to put me in restraints, at least until we get across the river and we learn more. 
 Tom, we removed it. You're probably fine. 
 You said I was fine before. Come on. 
 Put all personal feelings aside. 
 Now's not the time to take any chances. 
 Give me your hands. 
 
 
 
 [ Insects chirping ] 
 [ Whirring ] 
 Ohh! 
 Aah! 
 [ Grunts ] 
 [ Whirring continues ] 
 [ Camera shutter clicks ] 
 [ Grunting ] 
 [ Whirring stops ] 
 [ Whirring ] 
 [ Whirring continues ] 
 [ Camera shutter clicking ] 
 You can go see your old man now. 
 I don't want to. 
 What do you mean you don't want to? Hey, Matt -- 
 I don't want to! 
 Hey, Captain. 
 I heard they pulled a circuit board out of Tom's head. 
 Is that true? 
 We don't know what it is. Dr. Glass has removed it. 
 The scouts should be back any minute, Pope. 
 Report to the C.P. in 10. 
 You're not taking him across that river with us. 
 That's not gonna happen. 
 He's unarmed and in restraints. The situation is under control. 
 The hell it is. 
 He could still be wired direct to Skitter Central. 
 Now, I'm sorry, but you should have put a bullet in the back of his head the second he took a step towards that ship. 
 I want to see -- 
 Hey! 
 Two guns against one. That's hardly fair. 
 Actually, it's three against one, Pope. [ Gun cocks ] 
 [ Sighs ] 
 Walk softly. 
 Anthony, you're a disappointment. 
 I thought I was having a positive influence on you. 
 There is nothing that I would like better than to truss you up and leave you here. 
 Be thankful that we need you and your band of degenerates... for now. 
 Get out of my sight. 
 Don't kid your yourself, Cap. 
 Sooner or later, you're gonna have to deal with that human LoJack you got in there. 
 Ben: Dad. 
 [ Gasps ] 
 Nightmares? 
 [ Clears throat ] 
 Yeah. 
 Yeah, I had a lot of those after Anne took my harness off. 
 [ Sighs ] 
 How'd you shake them? 
 I stopped sleeping. 
 Hmm. 
 Just came back from across the river. 
 Heard what happened. 
 Oh, it's for the best. 
 Until we know more, until I can figure out what it is that did to -- 
 Want to know my secret? 
 To make sure they can't control me? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Hate. 
 I hate what they did to me with all my heart and soul. 
 I hate that they turned me into a freak. 
 You're not a freak. 
 You got to hold on to your hate, Dad. 
 If you can do that... if you can do that, it doesn't matter what they've done to you... they won't be able to change you inside. 
 You're right. Hate is a very powerful emotion. 
 And I hate them, too. 
 [ Sighs ] 
 [ Sighs ] But if all you've got left is hate, then they've already changed you. 
 It wasn't my hate that kept me going the last couple of months. 
 It was my love... for you and for Hal and for Matt. 
 Got to go. 
 Jamil: Wow. 
 How did you find this wreck? 
 Saw the Beamer get hit and fly off, figured it was trying to regroup with its forces, so I followed the course it took. 
 When I found the ship, I just kept going the way it was headed and found that. 
 Good thinking, Ben. 
 They're not using any kind of engine I've ever seen. 
 It's some kind of organic biotechnology. 
 Captain, we really should try and grab as much of this wreck as we can. 
 I mean, we could learn a lot. It's a bad time for a science project. 
 It's a bad time for everything, but we need to know all we can about our enemies. 
 Once we get over there, you can take the truck, grab what you want. 
 And we'll hightail it into the forest, get away from that base. 
 We're not going anywhere if we don't figure out how to shut down the air power. 
 Now, we see anything in these pictures that can help us do that? 
 No pilot. No. 
 No, uh, seats, no controls -othing for any kind of pilot. 
 Ben, did you see anything that looked like a radio? 
 Did you hear anything? 
 No. 
 Well, if they're drones, they got to get their commands from somewhere, right? 
 Yeah. 
 I mean, it's most likely this base. 
 Yeah, this big flyswatter-looking thing is probably their communications antenna. 
 The best way to take down the air power -- blow that up. 
 Which is exactly what you'll do. 
 Yes, sir. 
 You take your unit in the boat, infiltrate that base, smash that antenna. 
 That'll keep those Beamers off of us long enough to get across the bridge. 
 Those Mechs aren't just gonna step aside while we walk in with a suitcase full of C-4. 
 That's why you're gonna have to find a way to get close enough to take a shot. 
 We'll rendezvous with you on the other side of the bridge. 
 Anthony? 
 You, Pope, and the Berserkers will stay here and cover our asses. 
 Now, you see those Skitter and Mech columns moving in, you kick them in the teeth, and you run like hell, 'cause once we get across, we're gonna blow that bridge. 
 Roger that. 
 Tector: It's a scientific fact -irt mixed with sweat makes you waterproof. 
 Tector, I don't give a rat's ass if it makes you fireproof, you stink so bad you could gag a dog off a gut wagon. 
 When we get to the other side of that river, either you take a scrub and a hot bath or me and the boys will give you one. 
 You'll pay hell getting it done. 
 Maggie: Think of all the Skitters we've blown away. 
 They got to reproduce to keep their numbers up. 
 Yeah, I wonder how they do it. 
 [ Sighs ] 
 Maybe they're hermaphrodites. 
 What, like earthworms? No way. 
 You've become quite the mechanic. 
 Yeah. A little different from working on my mom's hybrid. 
 Uh, be careful tonight. 
 Things could get pretty hot out there. 
 Ah. I'm looking forward to it. 
 You know, when I was a -- a kid, my dad got me the biggest Lego collection, outside of Legoland. 
 I used to build cities in my basement -- 
 Ferris wheels and cable cars. 
 [ Chuckles ] 
 Wish I could have seen that. 
 You think they mate for life? 
 No. They got to have multiple s*x partners. 
 [ Laughs ] 
 So you think Skitters sleep around, huh? 
 How do you know for certain? 
 Well, think of all the critters in our world. 
 Very few mate for life. 
 The best hope for survival is to hook up anyone healthy enough to enrich the gene pool. 
 We still talking about Skitters? 
 [ Laughs ] 
 Wag it and shag it, people. Let's move. 
 Oh. You get that law rocket? 
 Yeah, I'm on it. 
 Nice. Hey, Matt. 
 Come on, buddy. You're riding on the med bus. 
 Dad's there. 
 Exactly. I need you to look after him for me, all right? 
 Go mount up. Thanks, Matt. 
 So, uh, I guess I'll see you on the other -- 
 Bye. 
 Hold on, Tom. This old girl isn't exactly a luxury ride. 
 [ Engine groans ] 
 Hey, Matt. Glad you're riding with us. 
 Yeah. 
 Man: Let's go! Let's move! 
 Here we go! 
 Time to move. Come on. 
 [ Indistinct conversations ] 
 All right. 
 Captain! We're in business! 
 Let's fire them up! Let's go! Let's roll! [ Engines turn over ] 
 Let's roll! 
 [ Grunting ] 
 Let's roll! 
 Let's roll! 
 Easy, easy, easy! 
 I wish we had a bigger rocket. 
 I hear that. 
 Let's go. We don't have all night. 
 You haven't said a word since you got on the bus. 
 What's going on, Matt? 
 Nothing. 
 I'm still your Dad, you know? 
 If you say so. 
 You've got to believe I'd never do anything to hurt you. 
 That thing that came out of you... 
 ...how do you know it didn't do something to you? 
 Honestly, I don't know. 
 That's why I've got this -ust to be safe, just to be sure. 
 But what I do know in my heart is that you're my son. 
 You're my Matt... a brave, strong boy. 
 I'd never, ever let anything happen to you, even if that means me having to be tied up like this. 
 You understand? 
 [ Gunfire ] 
 Sounds like Pope made contact. 
 Means those Skitter and Mech columns will hit the bridge soon. 
 That's bad news for Weaver, but good news for us. 
 Look at this. 
 [ Gunfire continues ] 
 Those Mechs are headed straight towards the firefight. 
 The approach to the antenna's wide open. 
 You know what they say about gift horses. 
 [ Whirring ] 
 [ Grunts ] 
 Ben, what's wrong? 
 They're coming off the side. 
 Get down! 
 Damn. They'll be on the guys in half a tick. 
 Dai, how's it look? 
 It's too far away. 
 The probability's no better than 50%. 
 That's not good enough. 
 Looks good. 
 Oh! 
 Everybody, take cover! 
 What if he misses? 
 We've only got one of those things. 
 He isn't gonna miss. 
 Are you, brother? 
 Tick, tick... 
 Boom! Boom! 
 Signal's gone. 
 Nice shot, brother. Nice shot. 
 All right, let's get back to the bridge. Come on. Let's go. 
 You gonna lie there all night? 
 You picked a great place to take cover. 
 You want to see a pretty sight? 
 I think Hal's team knocked out that antenna. 
 Jamil: When their signal goes out, they're probably programmed to fly home. 
 Keep it up. 
 [ Brakes hissing ] 
 Almost done. 
 Better step it up, Cap! 
 We got beaucoup Skitters and Mechs right behind us. 
 Non-essential personnel, dismount! 
 Go! Over the bridge on foot now! 
 Go! 
 Move it! 
 Go, go, go! 
 [ Brakes hissing ] 
 [ Creaking, splintering ] 
 Whoa! 
 It's okay. You're okay. 
 Hang on to something. 
 [ Tires screeching ] 
 Matt, you got your pocketknife on you? I need you to cut me loose. 
 But you said you might -- 
 Forget what I said. Come on. You can do it. 
 Lourdes, get to the other side now. 
 Come on. On foot. Go! Lourdes. 
 Dr. Glass, is there any way you can get out and hoof it. 
 Anne: I can't leave the wounded. 
 Come on, man. Please. 
 That's it. Just cut me loose. 
 On the double! 
 Get this bus out of here. 
 Ready? One, two, three. 
 Go! 
 Good boy. 
 Anne: Tom! 
 Get across the bridge! Wait for Hal and Ben! 
 [ Grunting ] 
 [ Screeches ] 
 Let's move! 
 [ Grunts ] Go! Go! Go! Get across! Come on! 
 Go! 
 [ Sighs ] 
 Go now! Come on! 
 Come on, what are you doing out there? 
 Run! Run, Ben! 
 [ Whirring ] 
 My dad's back there! What?! 
 And the Skitters and Mechs are still coming! 
 [ Gunfire ] 
 Tom, get the hell out of there! We're gonna blow the bridge! 
 Dad! 
 Man: Tom, run! 
 Run, man! 
 [ Indistinct shouting ] 
 Blow the bridge! 
 Man #2: Tom, come on! Come on! 
 Blow the bridge! 
 Weaver: Get the hell out of there! 
 Yo, we got Skitters and Mechs! A lot of them! 
 Hold it. 
 Huh? Jamil. 
 Dad, come on! 
 Do it now! 
 [ Whirring ] 
 Do it now! Dad! 
 Jamil! Matt: Dad! 
 [ Screeches ] 
 Blow the bridge! 
 Jamil! 
 Ja-- 
 [ screams ] 
 Matt: No! 
 [ Grunts ] 
 Dad! 
 Hey, Hal, Hal! Hal, come on! We're out of time! 
 No! We got no time, Hal. We got no time. 
 Just come on. Mount up! 
 [ Indistinct shouting ] 
 Move out! 
 Anthony: Go! 
 Hey. 
 Thanks. 
 Woman: Come on. Come on. We can do it. 
 [ Indistinct conversations ] 
 As soon as we get to the next camp, you and I are going back with a search party. 
 How did we do? 
 We lost three vehicles, a food truck... and six of the finest fighters I've ever had the honor to serve beside. 
 But we did it. Well done, people. 
 Captain, we spotted an airport about 5 miles west of here, and no sign of alien activity. 
 Sounds like a good place to hole up, lick our wounds. 
 [ Inhales deeply ] 
 You okay? 
 [ Sighs ] 
 [ Sniffles ] 
 [ Sighs ] 
 You okay, pal? 
 In the bus, I stayed away from him. 
 I was afraid. 
 He understood, I'm sure. 
 [ Clears throat ] 
 Uh... listen, about your old man, I just wanted to -ou know, what he did on the bridge back there. 
 I got to admit he had some pretty hard bark on him. 
 Aah! Whoa, pal! 
 You saw a chance to frag him, and you took it. 
 You son of a bitch! 
 [ Indistinct shouting in distance ] 
 [ Gun cocks ] 
 Ben: Who's there? 
 Don't shoot, Ben. 
 Dad! 
 Once is enough, I think. 
 What took you so long? 
 Dad. The river sucked off one of my boots. 
 [ Laughs ] 
 Slowed down my stride. 
 Tom Mason, I'm getting damn tired of losing you. 
 I'm gonna tie a cowbell around your neck. 
 All right. 
 Let's get it in gear! 
 I want to get to that airport before daylight. 
 [ Insects chirping ] 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 