Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x08 - Father's Day - Doctor Who 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x08 - Father's Day https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=53&t=7629 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/16/05 19:15 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x08 - Father's Day 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 INT. PHOTO 
 A photograph of Pete Tyler. 
 ROSE   (voice-over):  Peter Alan Tyler, my dad. The most wonderful man in the world. Born 15th of September 1954. 
 INT. TYLER'S FLAT, JACKIE'S BEDROOM 
 Rose, aged about 6, pokes her head around her mother's bedroom door. Jackie is sitting on the bed with a photo album on her lap. 
 JACKIE : Come here, Rose. Come here... 
 She pats the bed beside her. Rose clambers up on the bed to sit next to her. Jackie points at a photo of Pete Tyler. 
 JACKIE (CONT'D) : Who's that? It's your Daddy. You weren't old enough to remember when he died. 1987. 7th of November. Do you remember what I told you? The day that Stuart Hoskins and Sarah Clarke got married? 
 She turns the page onto a photograph of Jackie and Peter together. 
 JACKIE (CONT'D) : He was always having adventures. Oh, he would have loved to have seen you now. 
 INT. TARDIS 
 19 year old Rose is leaning against the console, and the Doctor is sitting comfortably back in one of the chairs. 
 ROSE : That's what mum always says. So, I was thinking... could we? Could we go and see my dad when he was still alive? 
 THE DOCTOR : Where's this come from, all of a sudden? 
 ROSE : All right then, if we can't, if it goes against the laws of times or something, then never mind, we'll just leave it. 
 THE DOCTOR : No, I can do anything. I'm just more worried about you. 
 ROSE : I wanna see him. 
 THE DOCTOR : Your wish is my command. But be careful what you wish for. 
 He stands up and starts up the TARDIS engines. 
 OPENING CREDITS 
 INT. REGISTRY OFFICE 
 The Doctor and Rose are sitting at the back of a small crowd of people witnessing the marriage of Jackie and Pete. 
 REGISTRAR : I, Peter Alan Tyler, take you, Jacqueline, Angela, Suzette Prentiss... 
 PETE : I, Peter Alan Tyler, take you, Jacqueline Suzanne... Suzette... Anita... 
 Jackie narrows her eyes slightly. Pete looks at the Registrar for help. 
 JACKIE : Oh, just carry on. It's good enough for Lady Di. 
 The Doctor grins and looks down at Rose. 
 ROSE : I thought he'd be taller. 
 REGISTRAR : ... to be my lawful wedded wife, to love and behold 'til death us do part. 
 INT. TYLER'S FLAT, JACKIE'S BEDROOM 
 Cut back to the bedroom with Jackie and Rose as a little girl. 
 JACKIE   (quietly, sadly) : He died so close to home. I wasn't there. Nobody was. It was a hit and run driver. Never found out who. He was dead when the ambulance got there. 
 Rose looks up at her solemnly. 
 JACKIE (CONT'D) : I only wish there'd been someone there for him. 
 Rose looks down sadly, then back up at her mother. 
 INT. TARDIS 
 ROSE : I wanna be that someone. So he doesn't die alone. 
 THE DOCTOR : November the 7th? 
 ROSE : 1987. 
 The Doctor starts the engines. Rose watches them apprehensively. When they stop, she looks at the door. 
 EXT. SUBURBAN STREET 
 On November the 7th, 1987, they step out of the TARDIS. It is a still, quiet sort of day. Someone is playing music. 
 ROSE : That's so weird. The day my father died... I thought it'd be all sort of grim and stormy, it's just an ordinary day. 
 THE DOCTOR : The past is another country. 1987's just the Isle of Wight.  (Looks down at Rose).  Are you sure about this? 
 ROSE : Yeah. 
 EXT. POWELL ESTATE 
 Rose and the Doctor stand on the curb of the pavement, waiting, side by side. 
 ROSE : This is it. Jordan Road. He was late. He'd been to get a wedding present, a vase. Mum always said, that stupid vase. 
 She sounds as though she is trying to fight off tears. A car rounds the corner. 
 ROSE (CONT'D) : He got out of his car... 
 The car pulls over. 
 ROSE (CONT'D) : ... and crossed the road. 
 The car stops. 
 ROSE (CONT'D) : Oh, God. This is it. 
 Pete, oblivious to what is in store for him, picks up the vase from the passenger's seat. The Doctor gently takes Rose's hand in his, intertwining their fingers. Pete gets out of his car, unaware that a car has just rounded the corner and is headed straight towards him. His eyes widen in shock. The driver throws a hand over his eyes. Rose quickly hides her head behind the Doctor's shoulder. We see the vase fall to the floor and smash. Rose lifts her head to look at her father, who is lying on the road, twitching. 
 THE DOCTOR : Go to him. Quick. 
 But Rose can't. 
 EXT. POWELL ESTATE 
 Rose and the Doctor lean against a wall. Rose has tears in her eyes. The ambulance sirens sound. 
 ROSE : It's too late now. 
 The Doctor looks at her. 
 ROSE (CONT'D) : By the time the ambulance got there, he was dead. 
 Her voice falters, choked up with tears. The Doctor looks away in silence. Rose turns to him. 
 ROSE (CONT'D) : He can't die on his own. 
 The Doctor looks back at her. 
 ROSE (CONT'D) : Can I try again? 
 Close-up on the Doctor's eyes. He knows it would be a bad idea, but he cannot deny her. 
 EXT. POWELL ESTATE 
 Rose and the Doctor stand out of sight around the corner, watching the first set of themselves standing on the curb. 
 THE DOCTOR : Right. That's the first you and me. It's a very bad idea, two sets of us being here at the same time. Just be careful they don't see us. Wait 'til she runs off and he follows, then go to your dad. 
 For the second time, Rose's father's car draws up. 
 FIRST ROSE : Oh, God. This is it. 
 Pete picks up the vase from the passenger seat. 
 ROSE : I can't do this. 
 THE DOCTOR : You don't have to do anything you don't want to, but this is the last time we can be here. 
 Rose stares at her father getting out of the car, breathing heavily. Then, she runs out. 
 THE DOCTOR : Rose! No! 
 The car rounds the corner. Rose runs past the first set of the Doctor and Rose, and knocks her father out of the way of the oncoming car. They tumble onto the floor. The first set of the Doctor and Rose look bewildered for a few seconds, then disappear. The Doctor looks on in horror. Rose stares at her father as he gets to his feet. 
 ROSE : I did it! I saved your life! 
 PETE : Blimey, did you see the speed of it? Did you get his number? 
 ROSE   (staring at him):  I really did it. Oh, my God, look at you! You're alive! That car was gonna kill ya! 
 PETE : Well, give me some credit, I did see it coming. I wasn't gonna walk under it, was I? 
 ROSE : I'm Rose. 
 She looks at him expectantly. 
 PETE : That's a coincidence. That's my daughter's name. 
 ROSE   (smiling in delight):  That's a great name. Good choice, well done. 
 There is a few seconds silence as Rose smiles at him, unable to take her eyes off him, and he looks as though he doesn't quite know what to say next. 
 PETE : Right, I'd better shift. I've got a wedding to go to. 
 ROSE : Is that Sarah Clarke's wedding? 
 PETE : Yeah, are you going? 
 ROSE :  ... Yeah. 
 PETE : You and your boyfriend need a lift? 
 He gestures to the Doctor who is standing watching them darkly by the corner. 
 EXT. ABOVE STREET 
 A red, distorted view of the streets from above, an alien point of view. 
 INT. TYLER'S FLAT, LIVING ROOM 
 Pete enters the flat, followed by Rose and the Doctor. He puts the vase down next to the door. 
 PETE : There we go. Sorry about the mess. If you want a cup of tea, the kitchen's just down there, milk's in the fridge... well, it would be, wouldn't it? Where else would you put the milk? Mind you, there's always the window sill outside. I always thought if someone invented a window sill with special compartments, you know, one for milk, one for yogurt... make a lot of money out of that. 
 Rose still cannot tear her eyes way from him. She smiles at him in delight as he speaks. The Doctor nods politely behind her. 
 PETE (CONT'D) : Sell it to students and things...  (Ponders).  I should write that down. Anyway, never mind that, excuse me... 
 He pushes past them and disappears through a door. Rose looks around. 
 ROSE : All the stuff mum kept. His stuff. She kept it all packed away in boxes in the cupboard, she used to show me when she'd had a bit to drink. 
 The Doctor leans against the doorframe, saying nothing. 
 ROSE (CONT'D) : Here it is. On display. Where it should be. 
 The Doctor still says nothing. He just watches her with his arms folded. He looks angry. Rose picks up a trophy and shows it to him. 
 ROSE (CONT'D) : Third prize at the bowling... first two got to go to Didcot. 
 She examines it for a few more seconds, then replaces it. Her eye is drawn by a large bottles in the corner of the room. She bends down the look at it. 
 ROSE (CONT'D) : Health drinks. Tonics, mum used to call them. He made his money selling this Vitex stuff. He had all sorts of jobs. He's so clever. 
 Still, the Doctor says nothing. Rose looks around and spots some plans on the table. 
 ROSE (CONT'D) : Solar power. Mum said he was gonna do this. Now he can. 
 Rose looks at the Doctor, smiling. He does not smile back. 
 ROSE (CONT'D) : Okay, look... I'll tell him you're not my boyfriend. 
 THE DOCTOR   (suspicious):  When we met, I said "travel with me in space". You said no. Then I said "time machine". 
 ROSE : It wasn't some big plan. I just saw it happening and I thought... I can stop it. 
 THE DOCTOR : I did it again. I picked another stupid ape. I should've known. It's not about showing you the universe - it never is. It's about the universe doing something for you. 
 ROSE : So it's okay when you go to other times, and you save people's lives, but not when it's me saving my dad. 
 THE DOCTOR : I know what I'm doing, you don't. Two sets of us being there made that a vulnerable point. 
 ROSE : But he's alive! 
 THE DOCTOR : My entire planet died. My whole family. Do you think it never occurred to me to go back and save them? 
 ROSE : But it's not like I've changed history .  Not much, I mean... he's never gonna be a world leader, he's not gonna start World War Three or anything... 
 The Doctor takes a few steps towards her. 
 THE DOCTOR : Rose, there's a man alive in the world who wasn't alive before. An ordinary man, that's the most important thing in creation. The whole world's different because he's alive. 
 ROSE : What, would you rather him dead? 
 THE DOCTOR   (exasperated):  I'm not saying that... 
 ROSE : No, I get it! For once, you're not the most important man in my life. 
 THE DOCTOR : Let's see how you get on without me, then, give me the key. 
 He holds his hand out. Rose stares at him. 
 THE DOCTOR : The TARDIS key. If I'm so insignificant, give it me back. 
 ROSE   (gets it out of her pocket):  All right then, I will. 
 She slaps it down into his hand, hard. 
 THE DOCTOR : Well, you've got what you wanted so that's goodbye then. 
 He turns on her and walks down the hallway to the door. Rose pursues him. 
 ROSE   (unconvincingly) : You don't scare me. 
 She stands in front of him, between him and the door. 
 ROSE (CONT'D) : I know how sad you are. You'll be back in a minute. Or you'll hang around outside the TARDIS waiting for me. 
 The Doctor looks at her for a few moments, then pushes past her, opening the door. Rose's voice rises. 
 ROSE (CONT'D) : And I'll make you wait a long time! 
 She slams the door shut after him, and then leans against the wall breathing heavily. Pete pokes his head around the bedroom door. 
 PETE : Boyfriend trouble? 
 Rose doesn't answer. 
 EXT. STREET 
 Still fuming, the Doctor walks back down the road. The distorted, red, aerial view watches him. 
 EXT. BACK GARDEN 
 The alien point of view focuses on a woman pegging out her washing. 
 EXT. ROAD 
 Alien point of view - an old tramp sitting propped up against a wall, drinking. 
 EXT. FRONT GARDEN 
 Alien point of view, a man pruning his hedges. It closes in on the man. He shouts and his sheers fall the the ground. 
 EXT. BACK GARDEN 
 The woman pegging out her washing screams, dropping the clothes. 
 EXT. ROAD 
 The tramp's drink falls to the floor. 
 INT. TYLER'S FLAT, LIVING ROOM 
 At the flat, Rose is picking up peanuts that are strewn over the coffee table, and putting them back ion a plate. Pete enters, dressed in a suit. 
 PETE : Excuse me, do you mind? What're you tidying up for? 
 Rose stops. 
 ROSE : Sorry... force of habit. 
 PETE : Listen, don't worry about him. Couples have rows all the time. 
 ROSE   (sitting down):  We're not a couple. Why does everyone think we're a couple?  (Sighs).  I think he left me. 
 PETE : What, a pretty girl like you? If I was going out with you... 
 ROSE : Stop! Right there! 
 PETE : I was just saying... 
 ROSE : I know what you're saying, and we're not going there. At no point are we going anywhere near there. You aren't even aware that there exists. 
 Pete looks as though he is finding this hard to follow. 
 ROSE (CONT'D) : I don't even want to think about there ,  and believe me, neither do you. there ...  for you... is like... pfft, it's like the Bermuda Triangle. 
 PETE : Blimey, you know how to flatter a bloke. 
 ROSE   (jumps to her feet, grabs her jacket, offers her arm to Pete) : Right, are we off? 
 PETE   (gesturing her proffered arm):  So, that wouldn't be a mixed signal at all. 
 ROSE : Absolutely not. 
 Pete sighs and takes her arm resignedly. They walk to the door. 
 PETE : I'll take you back to the loony bin where you belong. Still, I'm sure I've met you somewhere before... 
 They leave the flat. 
 INT. CHURCH 
 The groom, Stuart, and his father Sonny, stand at the altar waiting for the bride. Stuart looks behind him nervously. 
 STUART : It's weird. 
 SONNY : What? 
 STUART   (worried) : There's so many people missing. Uncle Steven, Auntie Lyn... all the Baxter's. Where are they?  (Checks his watch).  You don't think something's gone wrong? 
 SONNY : Maybe it's a Godsend. Gives you time to think. You don't have to go through with it, not these days. Live in sin for a bit. 
 STUART : Dad... 
 SONNY : In ten years time you'll turn round and say, "if only I could turn the clock back".  (Looks at the stain-glass window, then back at Stuart).  Is it me or did it just get cold? 
 Stuart looks at him. 
 EXT. SUBURBAN STREET 
 The Doctor rounds a corner to the road where the TARDIS is parked. A bird caws. He still looks angry. The red, distorted vision looks down on the area from overhead, watching the Doctor approach the TARDIS. The Doctor takes the key out of his pocket and then looks up at the sky through the bare branches of a tree, as if he can sense something is wrong. He opens the doors of the TARDIS only to find the inside of his ship has disappeared. It is just an ordinary police-box. He steps inside and feels around the walls frantically, ,then stops. 
 THE DOCTOR : Rose! 
 He runs back in the direction from which he came. 
 INT. CAR 
 Pete is driving his car with Rose in the passenger seat. 
 PETE : I met this bloke at the Horse's, and he's cutting me in on copyright. 
 ROSE : But I thought you were a proper businessman and that... 
 PETE : I wish! Ah, I do a bit of this, a bit of that, a straight bloke. 
 ROSE : Right... so I must've heard wrong. So really you're a bit of a... a Del Boy? 
 PETE : Oh, shoot me down in flames. You're not related to my wife by any chance, are you? 
 Rose puts her hand over her mouth. 
 ROSE : Oh, my God... she's gonna be at the wedding. 
 PETE : What, Jackie? Do you know her? 
 ROSE   (after a pause):  Sort of. 
 PETE : What's she told you about me, then? 
 ROSE   (smling) : She said she'd picked the most fantastic man in the world. 
 PETE : Must be a different Jackie, then. She'd never say that. 
 After a few seconds silence, the radio springs into life, playing rap. Pete sounds irritated. 
 PETE : This stuff goes right over my head. 
 ROSE   (confused):  That's not out yet. 
 PETE   (grimacing) : It's a good job and all. 
 ROSE   (reaching for her mobile):  I'm just gonna check my messages. 
 PETE : How d'ya mean, messages?  (Looks at mobile).  Is that a phone? 
 ROSE : Yeah... 
 She holds the mobile to her ear. 
 VOICE : Watson, come here, we need you. Watson, come here, we need you. 
 Rose furrows her brow in confusion and glances at her father, who also looks puzzled. 
 VOICE (CONT'D) : Watson, come here, we need you. 
 Pete looks in the mirror at the car behind. It is the car that should have killed him earlier. It gets closer, then rounds a corner and vanishes. The driver throws a hand over his eyes before it does so. 
 EXT. CHURCH 
 The wedding guests are milling around outside the church. Sonny comes out of the church talking on his massive mobile phone. 
 SONNY : Half the guests haven't turned up. You're better off not being here, it's a disaster in the making. 
 Some guests enter the church. 
 SONNY (CONT'D) : No, in this case, 'knocked her up' IS a phrase I'd use. 
 VOICE   (on phone) : Watson, come here, we need you. 
 SONNY : Hello? Who is this? 
 He looks at the phone. 
 VOICE : Watson, come here, we ne... 
 He hangs up. A car with ribbons covering the bonnet draws up outside the church. Stuart comes out of the church and addresses his father. 
 STUART : Dad, get inside! We can't see the bride before the wedding, it's bad luck! 
 SONNY : Bad luck when you met her. I tell you - this day is cursed. 
 Stuart goes back inside, holding a hand to his dad's face to block him out. Sonny pursues him. The car stops, and out steps Sarah Clarke in a wedding dress. 
 BEV   (delighted):  Now, that's what I call a meringue. 
 SUZIE : Listen, do what Stan said and go round the block, 'cos there's people missing. 
 SARAH   (adjusts train):  How do you mean, missing? 
 BEV : There's no Dave, no Sunita, no B... 
 SUZIE : There's no one from the Lamb and Flag... 
 SARAH : Oh, my train's detached again, I knew I should've used velcro... 
 Jackie steps out of the car. 
 JACKIE : I'm here, stop your belly-aching. Take Rose a sec, will ya? 
 She hands the woman a carry-tot, with Rose aged about 6 months inside. 
 BEV : Oh, in't she pretty? 
 JACKIE : She's a little madam, that's what she is. 
 She makes her way to the church gate with Bev, who is carrying Rose. 
 JACKIE (CONT'D) : Oh, I need more hands. Where's her useless article of a dad got to? 
 Pete and 19 year old Rose round the corner in Pete's car. Suddenly, the car that should have killed Pete comes out of thin air and heads straight towards them. 
 INT. CAR 
 ROSE : Dad! 
 Pete swerves to avoid the car, beeping the horn. The car speeds off down the road. Pete turns around in his seat to look at it, whilst Rose sits looking straight ahead of her, shaken. 
 PETE : It's that car! The same one as before! 
 EXT. CHURCH 
 They both get out of the car, Pete looking around. 
 PETE : It was right in front of us, where's it gone?  (Catches Rose's eye).  You called me "dad", what did you say that for? 
 JACKIE   (appearing with the carry-tot) : Oh, wonderful. Here he is, the accident waiting to happen. 
 Rose stares at her. 
 JACKIE (CONT'D) : You'd be late for your own funeral and it nearly was! 
 PETE : No damage done. 
 JACKIE   (glancing disdainfully at Rose):  And who's this? 
 Rose simply stares at her. 
 JACKIE (CONT'D) : What're you looking at with your mouth open? 
 ROSE : Your hair. 
 JACKIE : What?! 
 ROSE : I've never seen it like... 
 Jackie stares at her, looking both confused and insulted. 
 ROSE (CONT'D) : I mean... it's lovely, your hair's lovely. 
 Rose spots the baby, herself, in the carry-tot and takes a few small steps towards it, eyes wide. 
 ROSE (CONT'D) : And that baby you're holding... 
 Jackie, glancing at Pete, holds the baby to her protectively, completely nonplussed. 
 ROSE : That would be... your baby... 
 JACKIE (CONT'D)   (to Pete):  Another one of yours, is she? 
 PETE : She saved my life! 
 JACKIE : Oh, that's a new one! What was it last time? 
 PETE : I didn't even know her. She was a cloakroom attendant. I was helping her look for my ticket. There were three duffel coats all the same, somehow the rack collapsed. We were under all this stuff. 
 ROSE : Were you playing around?! 
 JACKIE : What's it got to do with you what he gets up to? 
 ROSE   (voice rising) : What does he get up to? 
 JACKIE : You'd know. 
 PETE : Oh, 'cos I'm that stupid. I play around and then bring her home to meet the missus. You silly cow... 
 JACKIE : But you are that stupid. 
 PETE : Can we keep this stuff back home? Just for now? 
 JACKIE : What, with the rest of the rubbish? 
 Rose looks upset. 
 JACKIE (CONT'D) : You bring home cut-priced detergents, tonic water, Betamax tape and none of it works, I'm drowning in your rubbish.  (To Rose):  What did he tell you? Did he say he's this big businessman, 'cos he's not. He's a failure. Born failure, that one. Rose needs a proper father... 
 PETE   (talking over her) : Jackie, I'm making a living, it keeps us fed, don't it? 
 ROSE : Stop it! 
 They both stop talking. Rose is distressed. 
 ROSE (CONT'D) : You're not like this.. you love each other. 
 JACKIE : Oh, Pete. You never used to like them mental. Or I dunno, maybe you did. 
 PETE   (talking over her):  Jackie, wait, just listen... 
 JACKIE   (talking over him) : If you're not careful, there'll be a wedding and a divorce on the same day. 
 She walks away, carrying baby Rose, who has started crying. 
 PETE   (to Rose):  Right, wait here. Give us a couple of minutes with the missus. 
 He begins to walk away, then turns back again, taking the vase out of her hands and giving her the car keys. 
 PETE (CONT'D) : Tell you what, straighten the car up. Stick her round the corner or something. Don't cause anymore trouble... 
 He walks off, leaving Rose standing by the car with tears in her eyes. 
 INT. PLAYGROUND 
 Children play in a small playground with their parents. The red vision passes over them, zooming in on each of them in turn. A little boy on a swing, Mickey, as a child, watches them disappear one by one. 
 MICKEY : Jeff...! 
 The other children and their parents disappear, until finally the person pushing him on the swing also disappears. Scared, he hops off the swing and runs out of the gates of the now deserted playground. 
 EXT. CHURCH 
 Rose watches her mum and dad talk to each other from a distance. 
 JACKIE   (calmer than before, but sad) : I'm not listening. It's just the duffel coats all over again. 
 PETE : Jackie, sometimes a duffel coat is just a duffel coat. Things will get better soon, I promise. 
 He puts his hand on her shoulder. 
 JACKIE : I've had enough of all your daft schemes. I never know where the next meal's coming from. 
 PETE   (pleading) : I'll get it right, love. I promise, one day soon I'll get it right. Come on... 
 Rose smiles softly as she watches them. At that moment, Mickey as a littlie boy runs around the corner. 
 MICKEY : Monsters! Coming to eat us! 
 SUZIE : What sort of monsters, sweetheart? Is it aliens? 
 She and her friends laugh. Mickey runs into the church. Rose watches him, taking him more seriously. Behind her, the Doctor runs around the corner. 
 THE DOCTOR : Rose! 
 Upon hearing his voice, Rose smiles in a satisfied sort of way, and turns around. 
 THE DOCTOR (CONT'D) : Get in the church! 
 Hearing the urgency in his voice, Rose's smile fades. The Doctor looks to her left, Rose follows his gaze and before her eyes, a reaper appears, bearing down on her. She screams. The Doctor knocks her out of the way just in time, and they both fall to the ground. They scramble quickly to their feet. 
 THE DOCTOR (CONT'D) : Get in the church! 
 The crowd outside the church try to run for the door, but they stop when another reaper appears before them. 
 SUZIE : Oh, my God. What are they? 
 The guests in the church come out to see what the commotion is. Some of them scream. 
 THE DOCTOR : Inside! 
 The reaper bears down on them. The people who have just come out of the church try to come out of the door. 
 THE DOCTOR (CONT'D) : Stay in there! 
 Stuart stops trying to get away. However, his father does not listen and tries to run for it. The reaper swoops down on him, covering his body with its wings. Sarah, horrified, tries to run into the church. The reaper positions itself before her, and she screams. The reaper, however, decides to go for the priest instead. The Doctor ushers the guests before him. 
 THE DOCTOR : In! 
 The Reaper swoops towards the church doors, but the Doctor manages to shut them just in time. The Reaper screams. 
 INT. CHURCH 
 Once inside, the guests babble in panic. The Doctor looks around at the shadows of the Reapers outside the windows. 
 THE DOCTOR : They can't get in. Old windows and doors, okay. The older something is, the stronger it is. What else? 
 The Reapers screech. 
 THE DOCTOR (CONT'D) : Go and check the other doors! Move! 
 He runs and pushes against a wooden door in the side of the church. Jackie runs after him. 
 JACKIE : What's happening? What are they?  (Grabs his arm) .  What are they? 
 THE DOCTOR : There's been an accident in time, a wound in time. They're like bacteria, taking advantage. 
 JACKIE : What do you mean, time? What're you jabbering on about, time? 
 THE DOCTOR   (irritated):  Oh, I might've known you'd argue. Jackie, I'm sick of you complaining... 
 JACKIE   (cuts across him):  How d'you know my name? 
 THE DOCTOR   (talking over her):  I haven't got time for this... 
 JACKIE   (talking over him):  I've never met you in my life! 
 THE DOCTOR : No, and you never will unless I sort this out. Now, if you don't mind, I've waited a long time to say this, Jackie Tyler, do as I say. Go, and, check, the, doors. 
 He points in the direction of the doors, his voice loud and commanding. Jackie stares at him. 
 JACKIE : Yes, sir. 
 The Doctor grins, pleased with himself, as Jackie walks away and Stuart approaches him. 
 THE DOCTOR   (to Stuart) : I should've done that ages ago. 
 STUART : My dad was out there. 
 THE DOCTOR   (not unkindly) : You can mourn him later, right now we've got to concentrate on keeping ourselves alive. 
 STUART : My dad had... 
 THE DOCTOR : There's nothing I can do for him. 
 STUART : No. But he had this phone thing. I can't get it to work. I keep getting this voice... 
 The Doctor dials a number and holds the phone to his ear. 
 VOICE : Watson, come here, we need you. Watson, come here, we need you. 
 The Doctor raises his eyebrows in surprise. 
 THE DOCTOR : That's the very first phone-call, Alexander Graham Bell.  (Gives the phone back).  I don't think the telephone's gonna be much use. 
 He makes to run off again to check another door. 
 STUART   (calls after him) : But someone must call the police! 
 THE DOCTOR : Police can't help you now. No-one can. 
 Rose watches him, along with the other guests. 
 THE DOCTOR (CONT'D) : Nothing in this Universe can harm those things. Time's been damaged and they've come to sterilise the wound.  (To Rose, looking her in the eyes):  By consuming everything in sight. 
 ROSE   (shakily):  Is this because... 
 The Doctor looks down at her. He does not look angry. 
 ROSE (CONT'D) : Is this my fault? 
 No answer, only a look. Yes. He walks past her. Pete looks from one to the other, brow furrowed, then back down at baby Rose in her carry-tot. 
 EXT. STREET 
 Outside, the street is deserted apart from a couple of people running for their lives down the road. The Reapers swoop down upon them. A bicycle, a pram and a child's shoe lie discarded on the ground. The wheel of the bicycle is still spinning. 
 
 
 
 INT. CHURCH ANTEROOM 
 The Doctor enters. Pete is checking a door is secure. The Doctor looks out of the window. Pete joins him. 
 PETE   (urgently) : There's smoke coming up from the city but no sirens. I, I don't think it's just us, I think these things are all over the place. Maybe the whole world. 
 The Doctor does not seem to be listening. He is staring in dismay out of the window. The car that should have killed Pete appears out of thin air, tyres screeching. It rounds the corner and the terrified driver throws a hand over his face as it disappears again. It happens repeatedly. Pete glances out of the window. 
 PETE : Was that a car? 
 THE DOCTOR   (after a pause):  It's not important. Don't worry about it. 
 He leaves. Pete stares out of the window. 
 INT. CHURCH 
 The Reapers clamber against the large stained-glass window, trying to get into the church. Rose sits alone near the altar, looking as though she has been crying, when Pete comes in through a side door with his hands in his pockets to talk to her. 
 PETE : This mate of yours... what do you mean, this is your fault? 
 ROSE   (teary):  Dunno... just... everything. 
 PETE : I gave you my car keys. 
 Rose gazes at him, eyes red. 
 PETE (CONT'D) : You don't give your keys to a complete stranger. 
 Still, Rose watches him as he works it out. 
 PETE (CONT'D) : It's... it's like I trusted you. Moment I met you, I just did. A wound in time... 
 Rose chews her lip. 
 PETE (CONT'D) : You called me Dad. I can see it... my eyes... Jackie's attitude... you sound like her when you shout... 
 He reaches out and touches her face tentatively. Rose closes her eyes. He drops his hand, but Rose takes it in hers and hold it back to her face. 
 PETE (CONT'D) : You are. You are.... you're my Rose. You're my Rose grown up. 
 He throws his arms around her. Losing all remaining control, Rose's tears start to flow again. 
 ROSE : Dad... my Dad. My Daddy... 
 They embrace. 
 EXT. CHURCH 
 A Reaper head-butts a door, trying to get in. 
 INT. CHURCH 
 The Doctor crashes around in the main church, checking all possible exits. He is approached by Stuart and Sarah. 
 STUART : Excuse me! Mr... 
 THE DOCTOR   (not looking at him) : Doctor. 
 STUART : You seem to know what's going on. 
 THE DOCTOR   (checking the lock) : I give that impression, yeah. 
 STUART : I just wanted to ask... 
 SARAH   (cuts across him):  Can you save us? 
 These words seem to finally grab the Doctor's attention. He turns to look at her, and turns his sonic screwdriver off. He walks towards them, observing them both. 
 THE DOCTOR : Who are you two, then? 
 STUART : Stuart Hoskins. 
 SARAH : Sarah Clarke. 
 THE DOCTOR   (nodding towards Sarah's bump):  And one extra. Boy or girl? 
 SARAH   (running her hands over her bump):  I don't know. I don't want to know, really. 
 THE DOCTOR : How did all this get started? 
 Sarah glances at Stuart. 
 STUART : Outside the Big Box Club. Two in the morning. 
 SARAH : Street corner. I'd lost my purse. Didn't have money for a taxi. 
 STUART : I took her home. 
 THE DOCTOR : Then what? Asked her for a date? 
 SARAH : Wrote his number on the back of my hand. 
 STUART   (smiling):  Never got rid of her since. My dad said... 
 He falters. Sarah's lip trembles. The Reapers screech outside. 
 SARAH   (tearful):  I don't know what this is all about. And I know we're not important... 
 THE DOCTOR   (genuinely shocked) : Who said you're not important? 
 Sarah looks back at him, tears in her eyes. 
 THE DOCTOR (CONT'D) : I've travelled to all sorts of places. Done things you couldn't even imagine, but... you two... street corner. Two in the morning. Getting a taxi home. I've never had a life like that. Yes.  (Smiles).  I'll try and save you. 
 Sarah smiles back at him through her tears. 
 INT. CHURCH ANTEROOM 
 Rose sits in a side room with her dad. She sniffs, still a little tearful. 
 PETE   (still trying to get his head around all this) : I'm a dad. I mean, I'm already a dad, but... Rose grows up, and she's you. That's wonderful. I suppose I thought that you'd be a bit, useless, what, with my useless genes and all, but... 
 Rose laughs slightly. Pete is fascinated by her. 
 PETE (CONT'D) : How did you get here? 
 ROSE : Do you really wanna know? 
 PETE : Yeah! 
 ROSE : A time machine. 
 PETE   (after a stunned pause):  Time machine. 
 ROSE   (smiling) : Cross my heart. 
 PETE   (also smiling):  What, do they all have time machines where you come from? 
 ROSE : Nah, just the Doctor. 
 PETE : Did you know these things were coming? 
 ROSE : No. 
 PETE   (incredulous) : God, I dunno, my head's spinning. 
 Rose looks down. 
 PETE (CONT'D) : What's the future like? 
 ROSE : It's not so different. 
 PETE : What am I like? Have I gone grey? 
 He laughs. Rose does not answer, she just watches him. Pete's smile fades slightly. 
 PETE (CONT'D) : Have I gone bald? Don't tell me I've gone bald. 
 Rose still does not answer. Pete clears his throat, clearly wrong-footed. 
 PETE (CONT'D) : So, if this mate of yours isn't your boyfriend, and I have to say, I'm glad because being your dad and all, I think he's a bit old for you... 
 Rose laughs. 
 PETE (CONT'D) : Have you got a bloke? 
 ROSE : No, I did have... 
 There are running footsteps and Jackie's voice rings out in the background. 
 JACKIE : Mickey! 
 Mickey runs up to Rose and throws his arms around her legs, eyes tight shut. 
 PETE : Do you know him? 
 ROSE : I just didn't recognise him in a suit... you'll have to let go of me, sweetheart... 
 Mickey returns to Jackie, who has now joined them. 
 ROSE (CONT'D)   (under her breath, to herself):  I'm always saying that... 
 JACKIE   (putting her arms around his shoulders) : He just grabs hold of what's passing and holds on for dear life. God help his poor girlfriend if he ever gets one. 
 PETE : Me and Rose were just talking... 
 JACKIE : Oh, yeah? Talking? While the world comes to an end, what do you do? Cling to the youngest blonde. 
 Rose looks upset but does not speak. 
 JACKIE (CONT'D) : Come on, Mick. 
 She takes his hand and leads him away. Pete makes to follow, but Rose grabs his arm to stop him. 
 ROSE : You can't tell her. 
 PETE : Why? 
 ROSE : I mean... I really don't want you to tell her. 
 PETE : What, do you don't want people to know? 
 ROSE : Where I come from, Jackie doesn't know how to work the timer on the video recorder. 
 PETE   (grinning):  I showed her that last week. 
 Rose nods. He stops grinning. 
 PETE (CONT'D) : Point taken. 
 EXT. CHURCH 
 The Reapers slam themselves against the walls and windows of the church, screeching. 
 INT. CHURCH 
 The Doctor is talking to baby Rose in her carry-tot. 
 THE DOCTOR : Now, Rose... you're not gonna bring about the end of the world, are you?  (Sternly).  Are you? 
 Baby Rose stares innocently up at him. 19 year old Rose joins them. The Doctor glances at her. 
 THE DOCTOR : Jackie gave her to me to look after. How times change. 
 ROSE   (tearful, but trying to make light-hearted conversation) : I'd better be careful. I think I just imprinted myself on Mickey like a mother chicken. 
 She reaches out to the baby. The Doctor grabs her hand quickly and pushes it back. 
 THE DOCTOR : No. Don't touch the baby. 
 The Reapers outside distract Rose for a moment, as they screech particularly loudly. 
 THE DOCTOR (CONT'D) : You're both the same person and that's a paradox, and we don't want a paradox happening. Not with these things outside. Anything new, any disturbance in time makes them stronger. The paradox might let them in. 
 ROSE : Can't do anything right, can I? 
 THE DOCTOR   (as though speaking to a dimwit) : Since you ask, no. So, don't... touch... the... baby. 
 ROSE   (eyes narrowed):  I'm... not... stupid. 
 THE DOCTOR : You could've fooled me. 
 Rose looks away, stung. The Doctor repents slightly. 
 THE DOCTOR (CONT'D) : All right. I'm sorry. 
 Rose looks back at him. 
 THE DOCTOR (CONT'D)   (softer now) : I wasn't really gonna leave you on your own. 
 ROSE : I know. 
 THE DOCTOR : But between you and me, I haven't got a plan. No idea. 
 Rose looks at him intently. 
 THE DOCTOR : No way out. 
 ROSE   (quietly) : You'll think of something. 
 THE DOCTOR : The entire Earth is being sterilised. This, and other place like it, are all that's left of the human race. We might hold out for a while, but nothing can stop those creatures.  (Looks at the shadows circling the church).  They'll get through in the end. The walls aren't that old. And there's nothing I can do to stop them. There used to be laws stopping this kind of thing from happening, my people would have stopped this. But they're all gone. And now I'm going the same way. 
 ROSE : If I'd realised... 
 He looks at her. She meets his eyes. 
 THE DOCTOR : Just... tell me you're sorry. 
 Rose's gaze does not falter. 
 ROSE   (sincerely):  I am. I'm sorry . 
 The Doctor reaches out to her, cupping a hand around her face. Then, he grins and pulls her in for a hug. She returns the embrace with equal vigour. After a few moments, Rose pulls away, feeling inside the Doctor's jacket pocket. 
 ROSE (CONT'D) : Have you got something hot? 
 There is a sizzling sound as she takes the TARDIS key out of the Doctor's pocket. She gasps and drops it. They both look at it - it is glowing brightly. 
 THE DOCTOR : It's the TARDIS key!  (Takes off his jacket, uses it to pick up the hot key).  It's telling me it's still connected to the TARDIS! 
 INT. CHURCH 
 The Doctor is addressing the remaining guests who are gathered on the chairs, listening to him. 
 THE DOCTOR   (showing them the key):  The inside of my ship was thrown out of a wound but we can use this to bring it back. And once I've got my ship back, then I can mend everything. Now, I just need a bit of power. Has anybody got a battery? 
 Stuart notices his father's phone on the chair in front of him. He jumps up and shows the Doctor. 
 STUART : This one big enough? 
 THE DOCTOR   (hurrying to him):  Fantastic. 
 STUART : Good old dad.  (Gives the phone to the Doctor).  There you go. 
 THE DOCTOR : Just need to do a bit of charging up...  (Presses his sonic screwdriver to the battery).  And then we can bring everyone back. 
 He glances around the church as he charges the battery up. Jackie looks warily round at the doors, which are shaking as the Reaper throws its weight against it. 
 EXT. CHURCH 
 There are now three Reapers circling the church and screeching. 
 INT. CHURCH 
 Rose and Pete sit down near the back of the church. 
 PETE : You, um... you never said why you came here in the first place. If I had a time machine, I wouldn't have thought 1987 was anything special. Not round here, anyway. 
 ROSE : We just ended up here. 
 PETE : Lucky for me, eh? If you hadn't been there to save me... 
 ROSE   (quickly):  That was just a co-incidence. That was just... Really good luck. It's amazing... 
 Pete looks as though he does not quite believe this. There is a slight pause. 
 PETE : So, in the future, are me and her indoors still together? 
 Rose looks at him. 
 ROSE : Yeah. 
 PETE : Are you still living with us? 
 ROSE : Yep! 
 Pete nods and smiles. He looks at her intensely for a few moments and then asks her a question, sounding like he has been wanting to ask this for quite a while. 
 PETE : Am I a good dad? 
 Rose cannot find it in her heart to tell him the truth. 
 ROSE : You... you told me a bedtime story every night when I was small. You were always there... you never missed one. 
 She smiles at him, giving every appearance of reminiscing on happier times. 
 ROSE (CONT'D) : And um... you took us for picnics in the country every Saturday. You never let us down. You were there for us all the time. 
 Pete listens intently. 
 ROSE (CONT'D) 
 Someone I could really rely on. 
 They are both silent for a few moments. 
 PETE : That's not me. 
 Rose stops smiling. She looks to the front of the church, where they TARDIS finally starts to materialise, the key in her lock. The Doctor puts his jacket back on, grinning. He runs back up the steps to the pulpit to address the guests. 
 THE DOCTOR : Right, no-one touches that key. Have you got that? Don't touch it. Anyone touches that key, it'll be, well, zap .  Just leave it be and everything will be fine. We'll get out of here. All of us. Stuart, Sarah, you're gonna get married, just like I said. 
 He grins encouragingly at them. 
 EXT. CHURCH 
 Outside, the car screeches around the corner and disappears yet again. 
 INT. CHURCH 
 The TARDIS is materialising slowly but surely. Everyone is sitting waiting for it to appear fully. The Doctor and Rose sit side by side at the back of the church, Pete on a seat behind them. Jackie casts them a contemptuous glance over her shoulder. 
 ROSE   (to the Doctor):  When time gets sorted out... 
 THE DOCTOR : Everybody here forgets what happened. And don't worry, the thing that you changed will stay changed. 
 PETE : You mean I'll still be alive. 
 Rose turns around in her chair to face him. 
 PETE (CONT'D) : Though I'm meant to be dead. 
 Rose just looks at him without speaking. Pete nods. 
 PETE (CONT'D) : That's why I haven't done anything with my life. Why I didn't mean anything. 
 THE DOCTOR : It doesn't work like that. 
 PETE : Rubbish. I'm so useless I couldn't even die properly. Now it's my fault all of this has happened. 
 ROSE   (reaching over suddenly and putting a hand on his arm):  This is my fault. 
 PETE : No, love. I'm your dad. It's my job for it to be my fault. 
 JACKIE   (appearing next to them):  Her dad? How are you her dad? How old were you, twelve? 
 The Doctor rolls his eyes and distances himself. 
 JACKIE : Oh, that's disgusting 
 PETE   (standing):  Jacks, listen. This is Rose. 
 JACKIE   (angry and upset but keeping her voice low) : Rose? How sick is that? You give my daughter a second hand name? How many are there? Do you call them all Rose? 
 PETE : Oh, for God's sake, look! It's the same Rose! 
 He takes baby Rose from Jackie's arms and places her into Rose's. The Doctor starts, but too late. 
 THE DOCTOR : Rose! No! 
 Too late, he pulls baby Rose from Rose's arms. A Reaper appears in the middle of the church. The guests scream and leap to their feet. 
 THE DOCTOR (CONT'D) : Everyone! Behind me! 
 Everyone gathers behind the Doctor. The Reaper chirps menacingly and spreads its wings. The Doctor addresses the Reaper. 
 THE DOCTOR (CONT'D) : I'm the oldest thing in here. 
 The Reaper bears down upon him. 
 ROSE   (terrified) : Doctor! 
 She watches, horrified, as the Reaper consumes the Doctor. The other guests scream. The Reaper swoops around the church and then collides with the semi-transparent TARDIS, and disappears, TARDIS and all. The key falls to the floor, no longer glowing. There is silence for a few seconds, then Rose runs down the isle and picks up the key. She sounds numb with shock. 
 ROSE (CONT'D) : Cold. He's cold. 
 Pete approaches her cautiously from behind, all the while looking nervously around the church. 
 ROSE (CONT'D) : Oh, my God, he's dead. 
 Pete reaches out to her, but she shakes him off. 
 ROSE (CONT'D) : It's all my fault... all of you... both of you... 
 Her voice begins to crack as the impact of what has happened hits her. Pete takes her into his arms. 
 ROSE (CONT'D) : ... the whole world... 
 The light in the church dims as though a cloud has passed over the sun. Jackie holds baby Rose closer to her, and the guests look around, scared. 
 BEV : This is it. There's nothing we can do. It's the end. 
 EXT. CHURCH 
 A Reaper attaches itself to the side of the church, and starts to scrap the stone away with its wings. 
 INT. CHURCH ANTEROOM 
 Pete looks out of the window in the side room with the view of the car that is stuck in a loop. As he watches this happen twice with his brow furrowed, it seems as though a revelation comes to him. He breathes heavily, shaking slightly. 
 INT. CHURCH 
 Rose is sitting on her own in the dark church. She is silent and grief stricken. Pete approaches her, carrying his jacket. 
 PETE : The Doctor really cared about you... 
 Rose looks up at him. 
 PETE (CONT'D) : He didn't want you to go through it again if there was another way. Now there isn't. 
 ROSE   (standing):  What're you talking about? 
 PETE   (putting his jacket on) : The car that should've killed me, love. It's here. The Doctor worked it out way back, but he, er, he tried to protect me. 
 Rose just looks at him, eyes filling with tears. 
 PETE (CONT'D) : Still, he's not in charge anymore. I am. 
 ROSE   (voice cracking):  But you can't... 
 Pete reaches out and strokes Rose's face. 
 PETE : Who am I, love? 
 ROSE : My Daddy. 
 Jackie approaches them. She looks at Rose, eyes wide. 
 PETE : Jackie... look at her. She's ours. 
 Jackie looks at Rose, the truth dawning upon her. Rose looks back, tearful. 
 JACKIE : Oh, God... 
 Jackie throws her arms around Rose, eyes shut tightly. When she lets go, she looks at Pete. 
 PETE : I'm meant to be dead, Jackie. You're gonna get rid of me at last. 
 JACKIE   (holding back her tears):  Don't say that. 
 PETE   (gently):  For once in your life, trust me. It's got be done. You've got to survive, because you've got to bring up our daughter. 
 He gestures to Rose, then pulls Jackie in for a last kiss. He turns to Rose. 
 PETE (CONT'D) : I never read you those bedtime stories. I never took you on those picnics. I was never there for you. 
 ROSE   (crying):  You would've been. 
 PETE : But I can do this for you. I can be a proper dad to you now. 
 ROSE : But it's not fair. 
 PETE   (smiling) : I've had all these extra hours. No-one else in the world has ever had that. And on top of that... I get to see you.  (He takes her face in his hand).  And you're beautiful. 
 Rose sobs silently. 
 PETE (CONT'D) : How lucky am I, eh? So, come on... do as your dad says. 
 Slowly, tears still flowing, and without looking at him, Rose hands him the vase. 
 PETE (CONT'D) : Are you going to be there for me, love? 
 Rose nods. Pete puts a hand on her shoulder and looks into her eyes. 
 PETE (CONT'D) : Thanks for saving me. 
 He pulls his wife and his daughter into a tight embrace. Rose screws up her eyes. 
 EXT. CHURCH 
 The Reapers are still clamouring outside the church when Pete runs out of the doors, holding the vase. He stops just outside the gate and looks up at one of the Reapers - it begins to bear down upon him. He turns to see the car appear from thin air around the corner and runs straight out in front of it, screwing up his eyes before the impact. 
 PETE : Goodbye, love... 
 The driver throws a hand over his eyes as the car knocks Pete over. The vase crashes to the ground and breaks. The Reapers disappear one by one. Rose stands outside the church doors, her head down and her eyes closed, taking deep breathes in the slight breeze. The Doctor comes up behind her, and looks down at her for a few moments before placing a hand on her shoulder. She turns to look at him. 
 THE DOCTOR : Go to him. Quick. 
 Rose runs out of the church gates, down the road, and kneels down next to her dying father. She holds his hand and lifts his head slightly up off the ground. They look into each others eyes as he takes his last few breaths. Finally, his head eyes close and his head falls back. Rose lowers his head gently to the ground. Sarah Clarke, Stuart Hoskins, his father, Jackie, and the rest of the guests emerge from the church, trying to see what has happened. 
 JACKIE   (voice-over):  The driver was just a kid. 
 INT. TYLER'S FLAT, JACKIE'S BEDROOM 
 Jackie and Rose as a little girl sit on Jackie's bed with the photo-album. 
 JACKIE (CONT'D) :  He stopped. He waited for the police. It wasn't his fault. For some reason, Pete just ran out.  (Pauses, remembering).  People say there was this girl... and she sat with Pete while he was dying. And she held his hand. Then she was gone. Never found out who she was. 
 Rose looks up at her mother. 
 EXT. CHURCH 
 Rose places a kiss onto her father's forehead. She stands up, and after looking down at him for a few moments, raises her eyes to meet the Doctor's, who is standing around the other side of the car that killed Pete. She goes to him. 
 ROSE   (voice-over):  Peter Alan Tyler, my Dad. The most wonderful man in the world. Died the 7th of November, 1987. 
 The Doctor takes Rose's hand, and they walk slowly back to the TARDIS together. 
 END 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 