Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x04 - The Silver Angel - The Strain 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x04 - The Silver Angel https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=190&t=19793 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/03/15 08:03 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x04 - The Silver Angel 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on The Strain... 
 As of 9:00 a.m. this morning, Staten Island is a plague-free zone. I want you to do  what you've done here for the rest of the city. No interference. I call the shots, end of story. You work for the German. I did a job for him once. You transported a box from the airport across the river  into Manhattan. It cost me my mother. Infect the infected. Find a weak link in the vampire biology and cook something up to exploit it. Something that the vampires are vulnerable to, but that non-turned humans can tolerate. When do we test transmission? Tonight. (Crowd clamoring) (Chanting name) (Crowd booing) (Applause) (Crowd cheering) (Growling) (Screaming) (Growling) (Man laughing) (Screaming) (Grunting) (Growling) (Cracking sound) (Screaming in pain) Angel! Break time is over. Okay. (Grunting in pain) (Theme music) ("Fortunate Son" playing) I've seen a lot of strange things since I hooked up with you two, and I've done a lot of strange things, you know? This right here? Hands down, it's the strangest. (Growling) Are we there yet? Almost, Doc. Carroll Street subway tunnel entrance is just up ahead. The best vampire nest in all of Red Hook. (Snarling) ♪ Ooh they point the cannon at you, Lord ♪ 
♪ It ain't me, it ain't me ♪ 
♪ I ain't no senator's son, son ♪ All right, I'm gonna cut him loose. On one. One? Who goes on one? What happened to going on three? Okay, three. ♪ Made to wave the flag ♪ 
♪ Ooh, their red, white and blue ♪ 
♪ And when the band plays ♪ 
♪ Hail to the Chief ♪ 
♪ Ooh, they point the cannon at you, Lord ♪ 
♪ It ain't me, it ain't me ♪ 
♪ I ain't no senator's son, son ♪ 
♪ It ain't me, it ain't me ♪ C'mon. Scram. Find your nest. ♪ I ain't no fortunate one ♪ 
♪ Some folks are born silver spoon in hand ♪ Come on! Come on. ♪ Don't they help themselves ♪ 
♪ But when the taxman comes to the door ♪ 
♪ Lord, the house looks like ♪ 
♪ a rummage sale, yeah ♪ Son of a bitch! Where's he going? The sun will be up soon. It has to nest somewhere. All right. On to plan B. I am so excited for plan B. A psychiatric hospital? Why would he go in here? A little late for therapy. They say one out of every four people are mentally unstable. Luckily there's only three of us. Not unless you include my invisible friend Donny. (Growling) (Growling) (woman screaming in distance) (Siren wailing, helicopter blades whirring) Why here? Evan McGeever. Seroquel oral. Clozaril. These drugs indicate schizophrenia. That's why it came here. Better than bread crumbs, huh? Here. He's down. Now what? Now he infects the others by direct contact. And then we wait for sundown. Just like them. Over here, come on. Come here, right over here. Okay, come on, come on. (Sirens wailing) (Gunshots in distance) What do you want here? I was hoping I could just get something to eat. Angel, is there a problem? Not if he's got cash to spend. Table for one? Thank you. Come on. It's okay. Thank you. Questions about the menu? (Chuckling) Yeah, I, uh, never really had this type of food before. You got something that kinda tastes like spaghetti or something like that? I can bring you something. Thank you. (Knocking) What is it? Thought you might be resting. Was there something you wished to see me about, Miss Velders? I can't stop thinking about that sociopath Eldritch Palmer. You knew him before this? Our paths have crossed, yes. Fet said that he saw a blonde up on the dais with him. Not his usual body man, Reggie Fitzwilliam. You're suggesting Mr. Fitzwilliam had enough and quit? I don't know, it could be a dead end or a wild goose chase. Palmer ordered Fitzwilliam to murder us, and he didn't... and now he's gone. Fitzwilliam has no other legal address than the Stoneheart corporate headquarters. But he does have a brother named Curtis. A firefighter who lives on Staten Island? You probably don't want to waste your time with this. I think you may be onto something. You do? I-I mean, I could be wrong... You're not. Let's go. "Welcome to Staten Island." "Please have your state-issued identification ready." "The current wait time for entry screening" "is approximately three hours." It's bloody medieval. (Knocking) My office hours are clearly posted. Hello, Professor. Eldritch! Why didn't you tell me you were coming? I flew over spontaneously. Got the news that you cabled me... it sounded too promising. Yes, quite promising, indeed. It could be a dangerous venture, however. Would you mind excusing us for a moment, Mr. Fitzwilliam? Not at all, sir. Tell me. After the Lumen was withdrawn from auction in 1923, the trail ran cold. I suspect the Hungarian moved north... to Belarus. I believe he survived by assuming a false identity and passing himself off as a Christian. Yes. After the Warsaw uprising in 1944, Hitler ordered the city be razed. This itemized list from a supply train records a shipment of religious iconography. I believe there is a strong chance that the Lumen mis... mislabeled or... or misidentified altogether was on that train. Mm-hmm. Uh, bound for? This is the exciting part. Everything on that list goes to one place... one obscure, unexamined place... a nunnery in Berndorf, in the lower Austrian Alps. This is the best lead we have ever had. Hello?! This stench. Ammonia. We're too late. As I feared. No. No. (Scratching sound) Good Lord, boy! What are you doing in there? Are you all right, hmm? Boy, what's your name? Rudyard Fonescu, sir. I heard you coming. I thought they were back. What happened to your ear? My father, sir. He held my head against the stove to drive off the devil, he said. Boy, we're on urgent business. We're seeking a book. The Occido Lumen. Do you know of it? Mother Superior said it was cursed. This volume... did it have many strange illustrations and symbols? She said it was evil. She destroyed the book, but her prophecy came true anyway. Destroyed it?! She burned it, sir. She melted the silver binding and the pages in between. She destroyed the Lumen? Where? Show us! (Man screaming): Help! Help! Wait here. Mr. Eldritch Palmer. You are searching for the secrets of eternity. But the answers you have been looking for are not here. Would you like to know more? What do you know? Everything. Rudyard, come out! You don't want to hide down here, boy! It isn't safe! (Growling) Rudyard! They're here! Go to the light! They cannot follow you into it! (Boy): Help! Where are you? (Growling) (Growling) Rudyard, run! Get out of here! (Screaming) Rudyard! Are you all right? I want to return to New York immediately. The Lumen has obviously been destroyed and my quest is at an end. And there's no use throwing good money after bad. But I've shown you proof that these creatures exist! You can't turn your back on that! Help me rid the evil from this world. There will always be evil in this world, Professor. Now get me out of this cursed place. (Siren wailing in distance) (Coughing) (Flies buzzing) Mama? Mama, don't make me do it. I can't do it. Don't make me do it, please. Please, I can't do it, Mama. Please, por favor, no me lo... (Growling) No! I won't do it! No! No! No! I won't do it! I won't do it... Mama... Mama. Come on, look at me. You failed. What?! Augustin Elizalde. You failed. I know who you are. The ancients are the past. I am the future. Guess what. I'm not fighting for the Ancients. I'm not fighting for nobody but myself. Cowardice. Ignorance. I sensed both as you ferried my coffin across the bridge into this city. If that's the case, then what am I to you? Huh? What do you want from me? Your mother's disappointment is still here. The torment you put her through in life. It lives along with her dumb animal love for her criminal son. Taking someone's soul is not enough for you? You gotta put on their skin and dance around in their body? Of course you fight for yourself. You always fight for only yourself. Fet need food. I'm going to take a nice, hot shower. You need to sleep. I can't. Too wired. There is nothing else you can do until the sun goes down. All right, you want to do something, do it with your son. Get him out of here. It will do you both good. Whatcha doing? Where were you all night? I was out babysitting a vampire. Ah! That's the Jeter foul ball. The one you spilled a soda on me trying to catch? When I used the soda to deflect the ball so you could get it from under the seat. You're welcome very much. So, everything in your room, and this is what you choose to bring. Highest resale potential. Mm-hmm. You know, the sun's out. And? And... Let's do something fun. 
 
 (TV news playing) (Humming) It's almost boom-boom time. So if you hear voices, these are uninfected peacekeepers who are there to keep you secure. We are going to give you back your streets, your shops, your restaurants, all of it, but I'm not going to lie to you... it's going to take sacrifice. Hey, Nora! Hey, come check this out. .. Curfew, which begins tonight. Nobody will be... Guess what neighborhood she's tackling next. My peacekeepers will be going door to door to make sure that everyone is safe. Please let them do their jobs. The quicker we can clear these infected areas, the quicker that things can go back to normal here in Red Hook. Yeah, smart. Red Hook's surrounded by water on three sides. It's manageable. She picked a winner. Other than imposing martial law and suspending constitutional rights. You don't see the danger in that? More dangerous than vampires? The more cooperation that we get from our friends here in Red Hook, the more effectively we can do our work and restore order to the neighborhood. You're sure this is okay? Hey, remember every other time we came in here, a half-hour wait? We always wondered what it would be like to have this place to ourselves. Your swing's probably a little rusty. You haven't played since Fall ball, right? I didn't play Fall ball this year. That's right. Uh, medium speed? I don't know. Slow-pitch softball? Dad. Teasing! Medium speed it is! Right. Right. You ready? Set! Just... just work on your timing there. Okay, now you're gonna want to swing just a little bit sooner. Okay? Swing now! Step back in the box a bit. You think maybe you need a lighter bat? All right. Let's see what you've got! Crush it, Mom! Nice. You mean like that? Yeah. All right, here's the deal. You make two more like that, I'm making dinner. Do you want me to miss on purpose? Go again? Get out of here? I commend you gentlemen for working together on an action plan in the face of our current economic crisis. This great city is the financial center of the world, and this building, the Federal Reserve, is its beating heart. The fact that we have assembled the heads of every major bank and investment company, reaching across party lines, sends a strong message to markets around the globe. New York will reopen for business first thing tomorrow morning. No, it's I who applaud you. Now, if you'll excuse me, I'll let you get to the work at hand. Here come New York's top financial players, who have reportedly come to an agreement on an action plan that will resume market trading tomorrow morning and restore liquidity to the city's financial institutions in order to prevent a run on banks. (Screaming) Now, it looks like some protesters are here to engage... (Gunshots) Oh, my God! Oh, my God! Deb, get out of there now! (Growling, screaming) (Screaming) (Growling) Drive on. Slowly. (Screaming) Help me, please help me! (Screaming) Inside. All right, we're alone. What is it? Remember me? What did you do, man? Talk to them, Reg. They know about you. You need to face this. I've got nothing to say to you. You left Palmer. You did the right thing. Her I know. Who are you? My name is Abraham Setrakian. I believe you've heard of me. I couldn't get him to change his mind about what he was doing, so I left. Resigning is not enough. You can help us save this city. I love the lesson in scruples from the hacker who took his money with a wink and a smile. We all make mistakes. You hear about the attack on the Federal Reserve? Vampires outside the financial rescue meeting. Overnight markets are in freefall now, and people are already lining up outside of banks. There's going to be a panic tomorrow, Reg. But who do you think got out of that meeting in plenty of time to be safe? Why would one of the world's richest men want to bring down the financial markets? What's Palmer's endgame? At least answer a simple question. I need to know about a book. A holy book, a religious item. The Occido Lumen. Been a while since I heard about the Lumen. Palmer gave up on the search. Why? He spent a lot of time and a whole lot of money, only to discover that it no longer exists. That it may never have existed at all. He's wrong. You know so much. You and-and the professor together... we could win this. You may have resigned from Stoneheart, but you haven't resigned from Eldritch Palmer. You remind me very much of your father. You can break this chain of misguided loyalty once and for all. I don't think you're afraid of him. I think you think it's too late. That evil has already won. I don't believe that for a second. When you change your mind, we can be reached at this address. I'm not gonna change my mind. Yes, you will. You already have. (sirens wailing, gun firing, people shouting) Hi. Thanks a lot. I guess you liked the food. Yeah, it's pretty good. To tell you the truth, I didn't have anywhere else to go. We're always open. My parents don't know any other way. So, if you need me to order for you, just let me know. Okay. Raya? (Quiet conversation) Fine! My mother will be serving you tonight. You know what? No one's ever gonna love you like your mama. Not ever. And when it's gone, you're gonna miss it more than anything. She was telling me she didn't want me talking to someone like you. (Chuckling) You and your mama were fighting over me? Cholo. (Tapping on table) You're out of her league. You know it. Don't embarrass yourself here. She doesn't need the hassle. Neither do I. Listen, dishwasher, not that it's any of your damn business, but you got it all wrong. I didn't do anything. We don't need your element here. My "element"! Angel, no! You the same element as me, vato. Look, I'm sorry. I was angry at my mother, not you. He's leaving. No, you don't have to leave. Angel's just... he's overprotective. I'm sorry. It's not worth it. (Gasping) Angel. She called you Angel. And your physique. Angel de la Plata. The Silver Angel. You got the stance, the way you move. And your knee. You hurt it in that movie, ended your career. See, me, I like the bad guy. The heavy. I think the same way. But you, man, you were the, you were the baddest good guy there ever was. I don't know what you're talking about. It's you! I know it's you, man. You never took off your mask... but it's you. You're wrong. Now get out of here and don't come back! We should've been here an hour ago. It's the curfew, Doc. They're shutting the neighborhood tight. Quiet! sh1t, they're gone. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Hey. What now? We have to find the vampires that were nesting here. We need to know if the infection spread. So, you're gonna go knocking on doors looking for sick vampires? Hmm? After dark? If the professor suggested that, you'd lock him away in here. We don't have a choice. Yeah. I do. You're not still thinking about blowing up the subway tunnel entrance? Have your fun, and I'll have mine. We need the truck to get back. All right, well, with these patrols out, it's easier for me on foot. I know every shortcut in town. You're actually going through with this? You're gonna blow up a New York City subway station? I thought you liked architecture. I do, Doc. It's just, uh, I like killing vampires more. Good luck. Maybe we slowed down the rate of infection too much. What do you expect? We've only done two trials. It has to work. And if it doesn't? Then we grab more strigoi and try again. (Snarling) He made it this far, and now he's dying. (Camera clicking) For God's sake, release it. This thing works. And it's spreading. I know it. Where are they? (Screeching sound) He's infected. Nora, switch to UV light, then I'll get some more shots, then we'll get out of here. (Screaming) (Growling) Look out! The Master's forcing them to commit suicide. Rather than spread the fatal disease. (Laughing) It works. Train services have now stopped according to curfew timetables. Please vacate the stations at your nearest exit. Wile E. Coyote, eat your heart out. Meep-meep. You sure? I didn't, I didn't see anything. I'm telling you, I saw some guy come in here. I'm positive. Keep your eyes open. Hey, you guys! How you doing tonight? Don't you know there's a curfew? Eh, lost track of time, you know? What's in the box? What, here? Just some dirty laundry. Hey, you guys like movies? You're gonna spend the night in jail, pal. You know what I hate? I hate when the, when the good guy is walking away, and then a huge explosion goes off behind him, and he never looks back! You know, that's not real life! I mean, me, I'd stop, I'd want to admire my handiwork, you know? Whoo! They never cover their ears, either, right? Put your hands on top of your head now. I just helped you, okay? I just cut off the main vampire route into Red Hook. Hands on your head, now! Come on, you heard him. It's okay. All right? I'm just on the job. Get up! Get up! Get up! Now it's time for mass dispersal. You're getting way ahead of yourself. There are too many hurdles... Oh, no, we skip all those steps and we go straight to Washington DC tomorrow morning. I agree that it's all very promising, but... Washington DC? Rob. Rob Bradley. Oh, God. That guy? Okay, fine, you don't like him, but he knows everybody. He's true blue, we go way back. He can get us in front of all the right people. Both on the manufacturing side and the military. The military? It's a weapon, right? We're in a war? The Master knows it works. Those suicides confirmed it. He knows we're on it. We gotta move as fast as possible. This is too fast. Goddamn it, Nora, we have a solution. We've found a way to kill these things and end this plague. Now we just have to find a way to implement it. (Industrial rock music from headphones) (Turning music off) (Growling and sniffing) Zack is near. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 