Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x15 - Return - Sword Art Online 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x15 - Return https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=959&t=37383 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/17/20 03:15 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x15 - Return 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Asuna... 
 Asuna! 
 Oh, Asuna...I've turned into the biggest crybaby...haven't I? 
 Kakushiteta kanjou ga himei wo ageteru    
 Tashikana chikai wo te ni    
 Kiseki dake wo motome kienai yami wo samayou  
 Koko ni ireba nido to mirai miru koto dekinai  
 Koyoi mo tsuki ga sasotte mada kotoba dasenai kedo   
 Kokoro no naka sakebi tsuzuketa    
 Kakushiteta kanjou ga himei wo ageteru   
 Tashikana chikai wo te ni     
 Ato honno sukoshi dake tsuyoku nareta nara    
 Meno mae ni aru kono sora koete yuku kara   
 Kono saki ni aru mirai ni te wo nobasu kara   
 Return   
 Me and him, we look nothing alike. 
 I'm off to practice, I'll see you later, okay? 
 Good Morning, Sugu. 
 Ah, G-Good, Good Morning... 
 God, seriously... 
 Instead of lurking, you should've said something. 
 Yeah well... you were practicing and I didn't want to bother you. 
 I wasn't really practicing. 
 That was just habit is all. 
 Oh, hmm.... 
 At least you've been keeping it up. 
 - It's light. 
 - What? 
 It's not light, it's timber bamboo. 
 Oh... 
 I meant like...it's lighter than I thought. 
 It's not as heavy as what I'm used to. 
 What the heck's he comparing it to? 
 Hey, you think maybe we can give it a go? 
 - You mean a match, like seriously? 
 - Yup. 
 - Real match with pads and stuff? 
 Yeah...on second thought, no contact... 
 I mean, I'd feel like crap if I ended up hurting you. 
 I still gotta dig out Grandpa's old gear. 
 How about we spar in the dojo? 
 You sound pretty darn confident for someone who's been asleep for two years. 
 For your information, I was a quarter finalist in the middle-school nationals. 
 Seriously though, are you sure you're up to this? 
 You might want to take it easy... 
 I've been doing Rehab in the gym everyday. 
 So, I think I'm gonna be good to go. 
 What kind of stance is that supposed to be? 
 Don't you worry about it. 
 This is my own style. 
 - Ready? 
 - Uh-huh. 
 His head's wide open. 
 That'll be my first strike. Huh?   It's an odd stance, but he looks composed.   Okay, then...   Oh my god, a-are you okay? Okay, okay. You win. You sure are strong, Sugu. You'd mop the floor with Heathcliff... Maybe you should sit down or something. I'm good. Thanks for the match. - D-Did I hit you too hard? - N-No, I'm okay. It's just years of habit... The footwork was okay, but the attacks sucked... I guess I can't use the sword skills I acquired unless I got the system to help me... I have to say, I'm really surprised. I mean, how long have you been practicing behind my back? Oh, you know... It is fun after all, but you never know. Maybe I'll take it up again... Really? Oh, Seriously? Ah sure, do you want to be my teacher? Are you kidding? Of course! We'll train together like we used to! After I build up some more muscle, okay? I've been practicing too... want to know what? - Nope, I'll keep it a secret. - That is so not cool. You going anywhere today? I don't know, I guess...the hospital... Oh, you are... That's nice. Her name's Asuna, right? You...visit her alone. As much as I can...it's the only thing I can do for her... Anyway Sugu, it's my turn to make breakfast today. It'll be ready by the time you finish your shower. It's been two months since I defeated Heathcliff. Two months since I beat the death game. When I woke up, I talked to someone from the Ministry of Internal Affairs. I told them everything I knew about S.A.O. and in exchange...   they told me where Asuna was.   I found out she was nearby in Saitama.    Asuna's family admitted her to Tokorozama General Hospital. Asuna Yuuki  I also found out that besides her, there's about other players who haven't woken up yet.   Akihiko Kayaba's still missing,   and people think he's keeping the players in their comas as part of his plan.   S.A.O. isn't over, not by a long shot.   Asuna... Kazuto...sorry, I didn't know you were here. Thank you for coming. Hello Mr. Yuuki. I hope it's okay I'm here. Please, you can visit whenever you like. I know it makes her happy. Sir... Oh, I don't think the two of you have ever met. This is Sugou. He's our company's director of R&D. I'm Nobuyuki Sugou. It's a pleasure. I'm Kazuto Kirigaya. Ah, you're the Kirito? You're a hero! It's an honor! Oh, I'm sorry. I know we're not supposed to talk about what happened in the S.A.O. server. But he's my partner's son, so it's fine. Besides, I've always thought of him as part of my family. Uh, actually sir...speaking of family...if I may... I'd like to make it official as soon as possible. This is sudden...are you sure this is really what you want? but I mean...you're still young. You have your whole life ahead of you. Thank you for your concern, but my heart's set on this. It sounds strange...but even though she's like this, she's still beautiful. I'd like to see her in that wedding dress. You have a point... The sooner we prepare ourselves for the inevitable, the better... Sorry to cut the conversation short, I have a meeting to get to. We can talk more about this later. Kazuto, take care. I heard you and Asuna were lovers in the game. Is that true? Uh-huh... That is unfortunate, it's going to make for one complicated relationship between you and I. In case you're curious, her father and I were discussing her marriage...to me. No way... You can't do that. You have a point. It's true we can't legally marry, but if the Yuuki family adopts me, it will be as if we are, on paper that is. Just like we're married. The truth is, she's always hated me, ever since we were kids. Neither my parents nor hers know that. But if I proposed and she could speak, I'm pretty sure her answer would be no. For me, this situation is very favorable... Stop it. Who do you think you are? You can't take advantage of Asuna like this. Take advantage? Oh please, if anything, I have a right to her. Perhaps I should explain why. Any idea what happened to Argus? They're the company that developed S.A.O. - I heard they closed it down. - Very good. The lawsuits and damages they had to pay took their toll   The company was forced into bankruptcy. But the maintenance of the S.A.O. servers was given to another company. An electronics manufacturer, where Asuna's father, Shozo Yuuki, is the CEO...RECT Progress. And I work for the company's full-dive technology R&D division. In other words, and without getting into specifics, you could say I'm one the keeping Asuna alive. Now I ask you, is wrong for me to expect a little compensation for my trouble? I don't know what kind of promises you made to each other in the game, and I don't really care. But I don't ever want to see you here again, understood? And from now on, stay away from the Yuuki family. We're having the ceremony here on January   th, a week from now. Save the date. Even though you're not welcome here anymore, you should come to the wedding. 
 
 No need to thank me. Now Mr. Hero, you've the room all to yourself now. Say goodbye and get out. Kazuto! The bathroom's all yours! Geez, what's wrong? Why didn't you say something? And turn on the heat. It's freezing in here. Sorry... I just...want to be left alone. Hey, how come you didn't turn the heater on? What's wrong, are you okay? Yeah, it's nothing. Okay, but.. You're freezing... You're gonna catch a cold. I can run you a hot bath if you want. I'm so hopeless...and weak... I didn't want you to see this. I swore no matter what, you'd never see me being such a crybaby. Is it Asuna? Is she okay? Did something happen to her? She''s stranded somewhere far away... And I'll never... I'm never gonna see her again. Hey...hang in there, okay? If you really love someone that much, even when things are hopeless...you can't give up. I know I can't. And I won't lie to myself anymore. Gosh, I remember it like it was yesterday. Kazuto stood there looking at me and told me he wanted to know who his real parents were. I was so shocked, I didn't know what to say. He was only   , but here's the thing.... Somehow, he logged onto the citizen's registration network and found the file. That figures, sounds just like something he'd do. I was so stunned I couldn't think of a way to deny it. So what do I do instead? I tell him how my big sister and her husband are his real parents. Wow. - Mom, I was wondering.... - About what? I guess about the way he's been since middle school. His going to his room and play games all night for hours. Do you think it's because he found out about his real parents? No, Not at all. He was always into computers and technology. By the time he was six, he'd already built his own computer out of spare parts. If anything, he's like that because he's a huge computer nerd like me. Ha, so he thinks. Well, I'm heading home and getting dinner ready. Don't stay too long okay, Suguha? Don't worry, I won't! Happy birthday, kiddo. He's my cousin, not my big brother. I still have a hard time believing it. My big brother... But, in the end, your heart...   In the end, your heart... belongs to her. Come on... wake up Sugu. It's morning. I said you gotta wake up now... Not gonna have time to practice if you don't wake up. Hey, morning... Rise and shine. Hiya, sleepy. Um... I-I...oh my god. As weird as ever. Just hang in there, okay? She's right. Yeah, she's right. You have new mail     What the hell? Asuna! Takaku takaku kono te wo nobashite     Kitto kitto tte mou ichido negau kara    Tomedo nai omoi wa nichijou ni nomarete   Yurameki nagara mata katachi wo kaete itta   Imasara mou osoi kana? Henji no nai jimon jitou     Subete wa sou jibun shidai owari mo hajimari mo   Takaku takaku kono te wo nobashite    Yasashii hikari wo mezashite habataku yo     Kokoro ni tomoshita jounetsu wo daite    Kitto kitto tte mou ichido negau kara    Next Time: Land of the Fairies 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 