Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x03 - Red-Nosed Reindeer - Sword Art Online 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x03 - Red-Nosed Reindeer https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=959&t=37371 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/17/20 03:07 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x03 - Red-Nosed Reindeer 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 April  ,             Floor   : Taft   
 Here's to us, the Moonlit Black Cats!   
 Cheers Everyone!   
 Cheers!   
 I've got another! Here's to the guy who saved our lives! To Kirito!   
 To Kirito!   
 Uh.... Ch-Cheers, guys...   
 - Thanks. 
- Yeah, man.   
 - Thank you! 
- You saved us back there.    
 Thank you.    
 Thank you so much.    
 Oh, it's cool.    
 I can't tell you how scared I was. and it made me so happy when you came to save us, I...    
 Oh, well...    
 Um, Kirito, sir...    
 I hope I'm not out of line asking this, but I was wondering what level you're at?    
 Level   .    
 You're at our level and still a solo player?    
 You're an inspiration, sir!    
 Keita, I'm not your superior.    
 And being solo means I'm always hunting enemies out in the boonies.    
 It's not very efficient.    
 Oh... right.    
 Well...in that case, I hate to spring this on you here, but... if you want, we'd love to have you in our guild.    
 Our mace wielder, Tetsuo, is the only one we can put out front right now.    
 And then we've got Sachi over here.    
 I was thinking of having her switch to sword-and-shield.    
 That way, she could fight on the front lines.    
 The thing is, she says she's not sure she can handle it.    
 If you join us, maybe you could teach her a thing or two.    
 Oh, come on! I'm not that useless.    
 Seriously! You can't just put me out front and expect me to know what to do. I'd be terrified.    
 It's no big deal, just hide behind your shield!    
 Yeah right! Ever since I can remember, you've always been a scaredy-cat.    
 We always joke around like that.    
 See, in real life, we all go to the same high school and are members of the computer club.    
 But if you're worried about fitting in with us, don't.    
 As far as I'm concerned, you're already part of our group.    
 Right?    
 Well....    
 I'm really flattered, and thanks for the offer.    
 I'll do it.    
 - Welcome! - Let's all do our best, okay?    
 Mitometeta okubyou na kako    
 Wakaranai mama ni    
 owagatteta ushiro no jibun ga Genjitsu wo ima ni utsusu    
 Ikutsu mono sora wo egaita    
 Koko wa kitto hakanai kokoro    
 Midashite    
 Yume de takaku tonda karada wa    
 Donna fuan matotte mo furiharatteku    
 Nemuru chiisana omoi hirogari dashite    
 Kizuku yowai watashi kimi ga ireba    
 Kurai sekai tsuyoku ireta    
 Nagai yume miru kokoro wa sou eien de    
 I want to always be with you    
 I'll give you everything I have...    
 Red-Nosed Reindeer    
 May  ,           Floor   : Sunlit Forest    
 Sachi, get back. I got this!    
 Tetsuo, switch out!    
 Got it!    
 Scythe of Killer Mantis    
 All right!    
 - Congrats, man! 
- Awesome!    
 The Assault Team made it through to floor   ...    
 That's amazing!    
 Hey, Kirito...    
 What the heck does the Assault Team have that we don't?    
 Access to information?    
 With that, they can find out the easiest ways to get EXP,and they don't share that info.    
 Yeah, you're probably right...but I think what really sets them apart is willpower.    
 What do you mean?    
 I guess what I mean is they have the will to stick up for their friends, or any player for that matter.    
 The truth is, I'd like to think we have the same kind of drive, even though we still need their protection.    
 That said, our first priority is looking out for each other.    
 But someday, if we get strong enough, we'll join the elites in the Assault Team.    
 I see.    
 That's a good goal.    
 I don't know, I guess...    
 Hey, leader! Give me some luck!    
 Hey, guess what?    
 You really think we can be as strong as the Holy Dragon Alliance or the Knight of the Blood Oath?    
 Yeah, what if I do?    
 Nothing wrong with setting our sights high.    
 But we have to be level    first.    
 That's impossible!    
 I like the way Keita thinks.   
 If the Black Cats can level up fast and get to the front lines,   
 his ideals could change the elitist attitude of the Assault Team.   
 I have an announcement to make.    
 Um... after our latest hunt in the field, we've got    ,    Col!    
 Buying a house of our own doesn't seem like such a pipe dream anymore.    
 I know! We should upgrade Sachi's equipment.    
 Good idea.     
 Uh-uh. I'm fine with what I have.     
 Oh, come on!     
 You know, it's not fair to make Kirito be out in front forever.     
 I'm sorry.     
 Ah...don't worry about me.     
 I'm cool with it.     
 Thanks, Kirito...     
 Sachi, I know switching jobs isn't easy... but seriously, you're almost there.     
 You can do it, I know it!     
 Mm-hmm...     
 May   ,              Floor   : Wolf Plains     
 Klein...     
 What's up, Kirito!     
 The trash mobs' all yours, guys!     
 Sure.     
 Man, it's been a while since I've seen you.     
 What? You doing some late night leveling or something?     
 What's up with that icon?     
 Did you join a guild?     
 Yeah, I guess you could say that.     
 It's all clear! We can move on!     
 See ya!     
 Yeah...     
 Oh, come on. Is it still bugging you?     
 It's Keita.   
 Sachi went off somewhere and hasn't come back yet.   
 We're heading to the dungeon now.   
 Please let me know if you find anything out.   
 Sachi...     
 Sachi!     
 Kirito?     
 Everyone's worried about you.     
 Hey, Kirito...     
 We should...run away.     
 Run away... from what?     
 From this town... from the monsters...     
 From the Moonlit Black Cats...     
 And from Sword Art Online, too.     
 A-Are you talking about suicide?     
 That's not such a bad idea.     
 Sorry, no.     
 If I had the guts to die,     
 I wouldn't be hiding in the town where it's safe, would I?     
 But really, why can't we just leave?     
 Why do we have to die, when it's just a stupid game?     
 What's the point of going through this?     
 What's the point of going through this?     
 I... I'm so afraid of dying in here.     
 It's really that bad for you, huh?     
 I'm so scared. I haven't been able to get any sleep lately.     
 You're not going to die.     
 Really?     
 How can you be so sure about that?     
 The Black Cats are strong enough as a guild.     
 Besides, our margin of safety is well above the norm.     
 Plus, you've got Tetsuo and me up front.     
 So, there is no reason to be on the front lines with us.     
 You honestly don't think I'll die?     
 Will I make it back to the real world?     
 Yeah.     
 You're not gonna die.     
 You'll see. We'll clear this game and go home soon.     
 Come in.     
 I'm sorry.     
 I can't seem to get to sleep.     
 If I stay in this guild, she'll be safe.   
 And we'll all make it back to the real world someday.   
 There must be a lot of players like her, who are afraid of dying in here.   
 But still, they laugh, and cry, and try to live as best they can.   
 I've never thought about it like that before.   
 Kirito?     
 It's okay.     
 I promise you're going to survive.     
 And no matter what, I promise I'll protect all of you.   
 Okay, I'm heading out!     
 Teleport: Town of Beginnings.     
 Can you believe it? I've never thought buying a house would so exciting!     
 Dude, you sound like an old man!     
 Hey, while Keita's off buying the house, what do guys say go and raise some extra cash?     
 Oh, then we can buy furniture.     
 Come on, let's go to a dungeon on a higher floor!     
 We should stick to our usual hunting spots.     
 But up there we can make more and faster.     
 Yeah, but at our levels, we don't have anything to worry about.     
 June   ,             Floor   : Dungeon     
 You see? I told you guys. This is gonna be cake.     
 We might even able to reach the front lines sooner!     
 That's what I'm talking about!     
 No way! A hidden door?   
 A treasure chest!     
 No! W-Wait!     
 It's a trap, guys!     
 Hurry, let's get out of here!     
 Teleport: Taft!     
 Teleport: Taft!     
 We can't use our crystals!     
 They're probably being blocked by the walls.     
 Tetsuo!     
 Damn you!     
 Sachi!     
 Kirito!     
 Sachi!     
 December   ,          Floor   : Mugien     
 I hear someone's been taking risks with their level-raising.     
 You got any new info for me or what?     
 Nothing worth charging you money for.     
 You give info brokers a bad name.     
 Hey, this wasn't in the beta test. 
It's a first-time event.     
 How am I supposed to know what's gonna happen?     
 All I know is that tonight, on Christmas Eve, the event boss is gonna appear.     
 He's called "Nicholas the Renegade."     
 He's going to show up under a fir tree somewhere.     
 The major guilds are searching everywhere for the tree as we speak.     
 You wouldn't happen to know where it is, would you?     
 
 
 
 Maybe.     
 Are you thinking of going solo on this one?     
 In this world, the dead can never return to life.   
 I heard a rumor though.   
 If you beat Nicholas the Renegade, he'll drop an item that can revive a dead player.   
 I'm going alone, and I'll probably die...   
 alone.   
 No one will see me, no one will know.    
 Nothing will be left behind. That's how I'll die.   
 You're a beater...     
 You had no right to be with us!     
 That's right.   
 It's my fault...   
 My arrogance kjlled you...   
 All of you.   
 If only I hadn't kept my true levels as a player secret from everyone...   
 I have to figure out a way to beat Nicholas, then I can revive Sachi.     
 And then, I'll find out what she was trying to tell me.   
 And if it turns out she was cursing me,   
 fine, I accept it!   
 What's up?     
 You followed me?     
 Of course.     
 You're after the revival item, aren't you?     
 Yeah.     
 Don't be risking your life for some rumor that could turn out be bogus.     
 Man, you can't be messing around on this death game.     
 Once your HP hits zero, that's it.     
 In the real world, your brain gets fried...     
 Shut up.     
 I'm trying to get you to stop with your stupid soloing!     
 Come on, join up with us.     
 Whoever gets it to drop the revival item keeps it, no hard feelings.     
 Hey, that's fair, isn't it?     
 But then, there'd be no point.     
 I have to do this. Alone.     
 Think about what you're doing, Kirito! It's suicide, and I can't let you die like that! Come on!     
 I guess you were being followed too, huh, Klein.     
 Uh-huh. It sure looks that way.     
 It's the Holy Dragon Alliance.     
 They'll do anything for a rare item, no matter how shady.     
 What do we do?     
 You bastards...     
 Screw these guys!     
 Get out of here, Kirito!     
 No way.     
 Leave 'em to us! We can hold them off. Get going!     
 Let's do this.     
 Kirito, hey!     
 W-Wha?     
 There. That's the revival item.     
 Let's see... it says it must administer to affected player...     
 (WITHIN    SECONDS)     
 "Within    seconds"?     
 If someone dies in front of you someday, make sure you use it.     
 Kirito...     
 Listen!     
 Stay alive, you hear? 
I don't care how you do it!     
 Just stay alive, to the end!     
 See you.     
 Sachi?     
 Merry Christmas, Kirito.   
 By the time you hear this,   
 I'll probably be dead.   
 How can I explain this..   
 Let's see... To tell you the truth,   
 I never really wanted to leave the Town of Beginnings.   
 And I knew if I fought with an attitude like that,   
 I would end up dying someday.   
 But that's not anyone's fault.   
 That's something I have to deal with.   
 Kirito, ever since that night you found me,   
 you kept telling me I wasn't going to die, no matter what.   
 But what if I got killed anyway? I knew that if I died, you'll blame yourself.   
 That's why I decided to record this for you.   
 By the way, I know how powerful you really are. Sorry.   
 I sort of peeked when you weren't looking.   
 I wondered why you weren't telling the truth about what level player you really were.   
 I wondered why you decided to fight with us. I never figured it out though.   
 You know what? When I found out how strong you were, I don't know, it made me so happy.   
 I felt relieved.   
 So even if I die,   
 promise me you'll go on living, okay, Kirito?   
 Stay alive, so you can see the end of this world,   
 and find out why it was created...   
 Find out why a weakling like me ended up here...   
 Find out the reason you and I met. Please.   
 That's what I wish.   
 Looks like I still have time, so...   
 Seeing how it's Christmas and everything, I'll sing you a song.   
 Anyway, Kirito...   
 I'm so glad that I met you,   
 that I could be with you...   
 even for a little while.   
 Thank you.   
 Goodbye.   
 Tookuni kikoeta kane no ne ga sukoshi samishikute     
 Mou ichido tsuyoku kondo wa takaku kake nuketa     
 Tada kurikaesu genjitsu mo     
 Hoshi no kazu no negai goto mo     
 Mezasu beki asu wo mitsuketa     
 Kono omoi ni wa katenai     
 Me no mae ni hirakareta hate nai sekai     
 Tatoe yume demo ii     
 Mayoi tsuzukete mo mune no oku de tsuyoku     
 Zutto zutto hibiiteku     
 Sotto sotto hikatteru     
 Next Time: 
The Black Swordsman 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 