Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x09 - Blue-Eyed Demon - Sword Art Online 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x09 - Blue-Eyed Demon https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=959&t=37377 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/17/20 03:12 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x09 - Blue-Eyed Demon 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Okay, are you ready?   
 There's nothing in here...   
 Hey, wait!   
 I'll be okay. I'm not going in too far...   
 Besides, we should find out what kind of boss we're dealing with. 
 How else are we going to figure out how to beat it?   
 Yeah, I know, it's just...   
 Mitometeta okubyou na kako   
 Wakaranai mama ni   
 Kowagatteta ushiro no jibun ga Genjitsu wo ima ni utsusu    
 Ikutsu mono sora wo egaita    
 Koko wa kitto hakanai kokoro    
 Midashite    
 Yume de takaku tonda karada wa    
 Donna fuan matotte mo furiharatteku    
 Nemuru chiisana omoi hirogari dashite    
 Kizuku yowai watashi kimi ga ireba    
 Kurai sekai tsuyoku ireta    
 Nagai yume miru kokoro wa sou eien de    
 I want to always be with you    
 I'll give you everything I have...    
 The Blue-Eyed Demon    
 That one's gonna be tough to beat.    
 Uhn...you're right..    
 I saw it only had that one big sword, but I'm pretty sure it has got special attacks too.    
 We're gonna have to put tanks in the front row and keep switching out just to wear it down.    
 Yeah...it wouldn't hurt to have about    shield users.    
 Shield users, huh?    
 Wh-What? What's wrong?    
 You are. You're hiding something, aren't you?    
 What are you talking about?    
 I just realized...    
 The biggest advantage of using a one-handed sword is you can also use a shield.    
 But you know what? I don't I've ever seen you using one.    
 I don't use a shield because it'll slow down my rapier.    
 Others don't because they think it looks dumb...    
 And how come you're not using the sword you commissioned from Liz?    
 Very suspicious....    
 Oh, never mind!    
 It's rude to ask people to justify their skills.    
 Since it's gotten so late, why not just have lunch here?    
 Really?    
 D-Did you make it yourself?    
 Yep.    
 But you better your gloves off before you eat.    
 Uh...sure.    
 Here you go!    
 This is good!    
 But how'd you get it to taste so amazing?    
 Chalk it up to a full year of training and study.    
 Aincrad has everything you need.    
 There's about     different seasonings.    
 I made everything just by calculating all the parameters inside the flavor-recreation engine.    
 This was made with Grogua seed, Shugra leaf and Calim water.    
 It's mayonnaise...    
 And I made this using Abilba seed, Sag leaves, and Ulafish bone.    
 Th-That tastes exactly like...    
 Soy sauce!    
 You're right, I made the sauce for the sandwich out of that.    
 Amazing.    
 It's perfect!    
 Have you thought about selling this? 'Cause you'd make a fortune.    
 Y-You think it's that good?    
 Uh...wait...you can't sell it.    
 But- Why not?    
 'Cause there wouldn't be any left for me.    
 My god, you're so greedy...    
 If you like it that much, I could always make more...    
 Hey, Kirito!    
 How you doing, buddy?    
 Hey, Klein. Still alive, huh?    
 Gee...you're the same as ever...    
 Wait...    
 Whoa...you're a solo player. 
What the heck you doing with a...    
 girl?    
 Uh-um...    
 I could've sworn you guys met before one of the boss fights, I'll introduce you.    
 This is Klein, of the Furin Kazan guild.    
 And this is Asuna, of the Knights of the Blood Oath.    
 Hey, c'mon. Say something...    
 What's wrong? You lagging?    
 H-Hi, I'm K-Klein! I'm   , single, and looking for a girlf-    
 Boss!    
 Whoa! Are you THAT Asuna!?    
 Don't worry, it's cool. 
These guys are okay.    
 Yeah, but, I don't know about Klein.    
 What the hell?    
 That's payback, you weasel!    
 K-Klein!    
 What are you doing with that girl? 
Holding out on me?    
 What's the deal, man? Spill it!    
 Uh, well...    
 Excuse me.    
 Kirito and I are together because we're sort of in a party.    
 Kirito! You son of a-!    
 Wait! It's not what you think...    
 Kirito!    
 What the hell?...    
 It's an Army?     
 That's the big guild that runs floor one. 
What are they doin' up here?     
 They were almost slaughtered on floor   .     
 Instead of clearing levels, they've been trying to build their numbers...     
 I haven't seen them on the front lines in a while.     
 At ease!     
 I'm with the Aincrad Liberation Army - Lieutenant Colonel Corvatz.     
 I'm Kirito. Solo.     
 Sure you are. Have you cleared the area up ahead?     
 Yeah.     
 We also got a map with directions to the boss room.     
 Right. And hand over that map and we'll be on our way.     
 You want us to just give it to you?     
 Do you know how much of a pain in the ass mapping is?     
 We share our information and resources with civilian players all the time!     
 And we don't charge a thing for it!     
 We maintain order in the chaos of battle so that all players can leave this world as quickly as possible!     
 Therefore, it is your duty to cooperate with us! 
So hand over that map!     
 Listen, you...     
 Look b*st*rd...     
 Easy.     
 When we got back to town, I was gonna go public with the map anyway.     
 It's cool.     
 Hold on, now. Wait...     
 C'mon man. You're being way too nice to him.     
 I don't care about making money off map data.     
 Thanks for cooperating.     
 By the way, if you're planning to hit the boss, I wouldn't recommend it.     
 That is my decision to make.     
 Hey, I just took a look inside that room, pal!     
 And you can't beat that boss if your troops are half dead!     
 Look at them! They're exhausted!     
 Nonsense! My men are tougher than that! 
They won't quit 'til I say so!     
 On your feet! C'mon, move!     
 Oh man. Are those guys gonna be okay?     
 I'm sure they know what they're doing. 
They won't rush the boss without checking it first, right?     
 Maybe we should keep an eye on them anyway.     
 I don't know who's nicer, you or me?     
 So, um, anyway, Asuna....     
 I gotta favor to ask....     
 He can be hard to talk to, and he's a loner and addicted to combat...     
 But he's a good guy. Take care of him, will ya?     
 Okay!     
 I promise! He's in good hands!     
 That's the last one. Only thing left is the boss's room.     
 Maybe those guys used some kind of teleportation thingy to go back?     
 Asuna!     
 Mm-hmm     
 Hey!     
 Idiots.     
 HEY, you guys okay?     
 Don't just stand there!     
 Use your teleport crystals!     
 We can't!     
 Look! The crystals aren't working!     
 I've never heard of a trap like this being in a boss room before.     
 The Aincrad Liberation Army doesn't know the word "retreat"!     
 C'mon! Keep fighting!     
 They're insane...     
 Hey...the hell's going on...     
 They can't use teleportation crystals.     
 We could distract the boss, but going in there's too risky...     
 Isn't there something we can do?     
 Ready... Charge!     
 Don't do it!     
 Hey...     
 Hang on, Corvatz!     
 I can't believe this.     
 No...     
 No.     
 I can't...no...     
 No!     
 Asuna!     
 Oh, what the hell!     
 Get out!     
 Gotcha buddy.     
 Thanks.     
 This'll take forever...   
 Get out of there!     
 Kirito!     
 The only way to end this is if I use it.   
 But, then...   
 Damn it, just use it already!   
 Hey Klein! Asuna!...     
 Listen! I need    seconds! 
Keep him off me!     
 Yeah, you got it!     
 Okay, I'm ready!     
 Switch out!     
 
 
 
 Okay, here goes. Starburst Stream!     
 Wh-What the hell kind of skill is that?     
 Faster...   
 Gotta go faster!   
 Is it...     
 over?     
 Kirito!     
 Wake up, Kirito! man...     
 That was too close. How long was I out?     
 Just a few seconds.     
 You reckless...idiot!...     
 Geez, don't hug me so hard.     
 I'll lose the last of my HP.     
 Corvatz and two of his men were the only ones who didn't make it.     
 We haven't lost a player in a boss fight since floor   ...     
 That wasn't a boss fight, that was suicide!     
 Corvatz was a damn fool.     
 There's no point to anything if you die!     
 You're not off the hook either. 
What the hell'd you do just now?     
 I don't think you want to know.     
 Oh come on!     
 I've never seen anything like that before!     
 It's an extra skill I picked up.     
 Dual-wielding.     
 Dude, are there prerequisites?     
 If I knew that, I would've shared it by now.     
 It's not on the info broker's skill list.     
 Guess it's exclusive to you... 
Hey, you've got a unique skill!     
 Way to stay on the down-low, Kirito!     
 How can you keep an awesome secret like this from your buddies?     
 About six months ago, I was scrolling through my skill menu, and it was just there... Dual-wielding.     
 But...if anyone else found out I had a skill like this...     
 They'd get pissed because you had something they didn't...     
 Some gamers are like that, but not me.     
 You're right though...people would definitely be jealous you had that.     
 And that..     
 Well, they say your character is built by life's challenges, so keep soldiering on, young man.     
 Easier said than done.     
 We're gonna go trigger the warp gate, you comin'?     
 No, I'll catch up with you later.     
 I need to rest for a bit...     
 I hear that.     
 Have a safe trip back.     
 Oh, and...     
 By the way...     
 You know how you ran in there... to rescue those Army guys like you did?...     
 Yeah?     
 Well... you know...     
 I'm glad you did.     
 Anyway....I'll see ya.     
 What's wrong, Asuna?     
 I was so scared...     
 If you hadn't killed it, I don't know what I'd do.     
 What are you talking about?     
 You're the one who jumped in first, remember?     
 I'm taking a leave of absence from the guild.     
 Why? And do what, sleep in all day?     
 Did you forget already?     
 I said I was teaming up with you.     
 Okay.     
 October   ,            Floor   : Algade     
 "A blue demon that annihilated a big squad of Army guys..."     
 "And a fifty-hit combo from a dual-wielder who took out the boss by himself."     
 I can't believe what a big deal they're making out of this thing.     
 Yeah, it's blowing up right in my face.     
 A buttload of swordsmen and info brokers showed up at my place this morning.     
 Now I need a new pad 'cause they know where I live.     
 Yeah well...that's sorta kind your own fault.     
 You said it was going to be our little secret, but you went and blabbed it to everyone.     
 What are we going to do, Kirito?     
 We have ourselves a huge problem!     
 October   ,           Floor   : Grandzam     
 Outside of boss fights, I don't believe we've ever actually met,     
 Kirito.     
 Well, there was that conference on floor   . 
We talked a little bit there.     
 Commander Heathcliff     
 Yes, that was a difficult battle, wasn't it?     
 We almost lost a few players there, too.     
 We may be the top guild, but we barely get by with the amount of troops we have.     
 And now here you are, trying to poach one of our best players. I don't know what to say.     
 If she's that important, maybe you should do a better job picking her bodyguard.     
 You have my sincerest apologies for any trouble you might've had with Kuradeel.     
 But you must understand that we simply cannot allow our second-in-command to leave the guild just like that.     
 If you want her, you'll have to use your dual blades to take her from us.     
 If you can defeat me in combat, you'll be free to take Asuna with you.     
 On the other hand, if you lose, you will join the Knights of the Blood Oath.     
 Yeah, okay.     
 If you want to settle this with swords, that's fine by me.     
 We'll have ourselves a duel, then.     
 Tookuni kikoeta kane no ne ga sukoshi samishikute     
 Mou ichido tsuyoku kondo wa takaku kake nuketa     
 Tada kurikaesu genjitsu mo     
 Hoshi no kazu no negai goto mo     
 Mezasu beki asu wo mitsuketa     
 Kono omoi ni wa katenai     
 Me no mae ni hirakareta hate nai sekai     
 Tatoe yume demo ii     
 Mayoi tsuzukete mo mune no oku de tsuyoku     
 Zutto zutto hibiiteku     
 Sotto sotto hikatteru     
 Next Time: 
Crimson Killing Intent 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 