Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x14 - The End of the World - Sword Art Online 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x14 - The End of the World https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=959&t=37382 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/17/20 03:15 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x14 - The End of the World 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Everyone, attack!   
 Mitometeta okubyou na kako   
 Wakaranai mama ni   
 Kowagatteta ushiro no jibun ga Genjitsu wo ima ni utsusu   
 Ikutsu mono sora wo egaita   
 Koko wa kitto hakanai kokoro   
 Midashite   
 Yume de takaku tonda karada wa   
 Donna fuan matotte mo furiharatteku    
 Nemuru chiisana omoi hirogari dashite    
 Kizuku yowai watashi kimi ga ireba    
 Kurai sekai tsuyoku ireta    
 Nagai yume miru kokoro wa sou eien de    
 I want to always be with you    
 I'll give you everything I have...    
 The End of the World    
 How many did we lose?    
 Fourteen of us died.    
 Oh my god.    
 And we've still got    floors to go.    
    more floors...how the hell are we even going to make it that far?    
 What's wrong?    
 Kirito, what are you...    
 An "Immortal Object"?    
 Commander Heathcliff, wh-what's going on?    
 I think I got the answer to that. The reason why the commander's HP never hits yellow is 'cause he's protected by the system.    
 You know, ever since day one, something's always bugged me about this whole thing.    
 I was always wondering "Where is he hiding while he watches us and controls everything in this world?"    
 Well, the answer's pretty simple. 
It's basic psychology.    
 In fact, it's so simple, every kid knows it.    
 There's nothing more boring than watching someone else play an RPG.    
 Is there, Akihiko Kayaba?   
 Just for my curiosity's sake, would you mind telling me how you figured it out?    
 The first time I knew something was up was during our duel.    
 Remember when you turned the tables on me? 
That move was way too fast.    
 Yes, I thought so. It was a mistake to think that would go unnoticed by you. but you were so strong and so fast, the only choice I had was to engage the system's assist mode.    
 Yes, I am Akihiko Kayaba.    
 And now that my identity's been revealed, it should come as no surprise that I am the final boss on the top floor.    
 So the strongest player in the whole game.... ends up being the final boss. 
Kinda cliché, isn't it?    
 Actually, I kind of like that angle.    
 One thing's for sure, I always thought that you'd be the one to stand before me at the end.    
 You know, Dual-wielding is a rare skill, the kind that is only given to the player with the fastest reaction time.    
 He is the hero of this story, the one that rises up to challenge the demon king.    
 But you, the power you displayed exceeded my expectations.    
 I guess these unexpected twists and turns what make MMORPGs so thrilling to play...    
 Our loyalty... Our hope...    
 How dare you... How Dare You!?    
 HOW DARE YOU!    
 Paralysis?    
 Kirito...    
 What's the plan now, huh?    
 You gonna kill everyone here and cover it up or something?    
 Oh, god no. That wouldn't be sporting of me, now would it?    
 No, I have a better idea...    
 I'm going to head for the top floor and wait for all of you there. I'll be inside the Ruby Palace.    
 It's a shame I have to leave you so soon. I've spent lots of time developing the Knights of the Blood Oath and other elite players. Oh well.    
 So I'm sure you'll reach me, eventually.    
 But before I go...    
 Kirito, I feel you deserve some kind of reward for discovering my identity, so...    
 - I'll give you a chance. 
- Chance for what?    
 To fight me one-on-one.    
 Oh and...my immortality will be deactivated.    
 Defeat me and you clear the game. And all the players will be able to log out from this world. No strings attached.    
 What do you say?    
 Don't do it, Kirito!    
 I don't like it. 
We should fall back.    
 I have to.    
 Okay then. Let's finish it.    
 Kirito!    
 I'm sorry. I can't run away  if it means ending this.    
 You better not die, you hear me?    
 No, I'm gonna win.    
 I promise I'm gonna end this world.    
 Okay.    
 I believe in you, Kirito.    
 Kirito!    
 Agil...   
 Thanks for supporting all of the players in the game, since day one.    
 Yeah, I knew. You act like you're all about the money... but I know you spent every penny you had on helping the intermediate players to level up.    
 Klein...    
 I'm sorry I bailed on you that day.    
 I think about it all the time.    
 D-Damn it, Kirito!    
 Don't you apologize! 
Don't you dare apologize now!    
 I won't forgive you...    
 I never accept it in the world on the other side until you buy me a meal, goddamn it!    
 You got it.    
 See you on the other side.    
 If it's okay, I have a final request to make.    
 What is it?    
 I'm not planning on going down easy.    
 So, if I die today...    
 I want your word that you'll fix it so Asuna doesn't kill herself.    
 As you wish.     
 No, Kirito, that's not fair!     
 You can't do that! It's not fair, no!     
 Kirito!     
 This isn't some in-game duel... 
It's a fight to the death.   
 That's fine with me, because I'm gonna kill him!   
 He can block whatever I throw at him, because he designed the Dual-wielding skill.   
 And he knows all of its combos.   
 I have to defeat him with my own power, without using the sword skills!   
 Faster!   
 I have to go faster!   
 I'm sorry, Asuna...   
 please, keep playing.   
 Game over, Kirito!     
 Asuna...     
 You're kidding... This can't be...     
 I'm sorry.     
 Goodbye.     
 Now, that was a surprise.     
 
 
 
 I'm sure I never programmed a way for players to neutralize their own paralysis.     
 I guess sometimes these things just happen.     
 It's over now...   
 I believe in you, Kirito.     
 Not yet...     
 NOT yet!     
 We did it, didn't we?   
 On November  th, as of  :   PM,   
 the game has been cleared. Repeat:    
 The game has been cleared.   
 Where am I?     
 Initiating Final Phase     
 Kirito?     
 Sorry. I guess I ended up dying too.     
 Dummy...     
 Where are we, do you know?     
 Stunning view, isn't it?     
 Akihiko Kayaba...     
 At Argus headquarters, the S.A.O. mainframe is in a room five floors below street level, and right now, it's deleting all of the data from its drives.     
 In about    minutes, everything in this world will disappear forever.     
 And all the players? 
What happens to them?     
 You don't have to worry about them.     
 The  ,    players that survived the game up to now were logged out a few seconds ago.     
 And what about the  ,    people who died?     
 And what about them?     
 They'll never return.     
 In any world, real or virtual, once you're dead...you're gone.     
 Why...     
 What's the point? Why did you do this?     
 That's a good question.     
 It's been so long I've forgotten the reason.     
 It's so strange...     
 Even before I developed the system for the full-dive environment, I dreamed of this.     
 The Castle in a world that wasn't governed by earthly laws or restrictions.     
 I poured my life into making that world a reality.     
 I created this world, and I got to see something that surpassed anything I could've imagined for it..     
 My steel castle...floating in the sky...I don't remember how old I was when I became obsessed with it.     
 I wanted to leave the earth... to fly to that castle.     
 I wanted that more than anything else, for as long as I can remember...     
 You know what, Kirito,     
 I want to believe it's still out there. that somewhere in some other world, my castle is still standing, taller than ever.     
 Yeah... maybe it still is.     
 Before I forget...     
 Congratulations on clearing the game, Kirito, Asuna.     
 Well then, I should probably get going now.     
 I guess this is goodbye...     
 No...     
 This isn't goodbye at all.     
 We're going to be together when we finally disappear.     
 So, we're gonna be together forever.     
 Hey...you never told me your real name.     
 Would you please tell me before we go?     
 Kazuto. Kazuto Kirigaya.     
 And...last month I turned   .     
 Kazuto Kirigaya...     
 So you're younger than me, huh?     
 My name is Asuna Yuuki.     
 I'm    now.     
 Asuna Yuuki...     
 Asuna Yuuki.     
 Sorry. I'm sorry.     
 I swore....I promised to send you... get you back to real world...     
 But I... I...     
 It's okay.     
 It's okay.     
 I'm happy I got to meet you, Kazuto... and to be with you and to live with you.     
 This is the happiest I've ever been in my whole life.     
 Thank you.... and I love you.     
 I love you... so very much.     
 A... su... na...     
 Asuna...     
 Tookuni kikoeta kane no ne ga sukoshi samishikute     
 Mou ichido tsuyoku kondo wa takaku kake nuketa     
 Tada kurikaesu genjitsu mo     
 Hoshi no kazu no negai goto mo     
 Mezasu beki asu wo mitsuketa     
 Kono omoi ni wa katenai     
 Me no mae ni hirakareta hate nai sekai     
 Tatoe yume demo ii     
 Mayoi tsuzukete mo mune no oku de tsuyoku     
 Zutto zutto hibiiteku     
 Sotto sotto hikatteru     
 Next Time: 
Return 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 