Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x05 - Ace Forces Escalante to Swap Jockeys - Luck 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x05 - Ace Forces Escalante to Swap Jockeys https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=639&t=27193 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/28/12 00:59 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x05 - Ace Forces Escalante to Swap Jockeys 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 ♪ The baby was born ♪ 
♪ nettles and ferns ♪ 
♪ the evening, it chokes ♪ 
♪ the candle, it burns ♪ 
♪ this disguise ♪ 
♪ covers bitter lies ♪ 
♪ repeating the joke ♪ 
♪ the meaning, it dies ♪ 
♪ it's easy ♪ 
♪ don't let it go ♪ 
♪ don't lose it ♪ 
♪ the bankers have bailed ♪ 
♪ the mighty retreat ♪ 
♪ the pleasure, it fails ♪ 
♪ at the end of the week ♪ 
♪ you take it or leave ♪ 
♪ or what you receive ♪ 
♪ to what you receive ♪ 
♪ is eternited leave ♪ 
♪ it's easy ♪ 
♪ don't let it go ♪ 
♪ it's easy ♪ 
♪ don't let it go ♪ 
♪ it's easy ♪ 
♪ don't let it go ♪ 
♪ don't lose it ♪ 
♪ don't lose it. ♪ 
 Late, this horse retirement woman. 
 Gus : Maybe caught in traffic. 
 Yeah. What's wrong with a heads up? 
 She might not make calls from behind the wheel. 
 What are you, her lawyer? 
 Here's another mystery for you to solve: Our horse is entered in the seventh race tomorrow. 
 No mention to you from Escalante? 
 Yesterday, our morning call... all he says: The horse is well, words to that effect. 
 Yeah. 
 Mr. Escalante. 
 Who's this?  with that apprentice kid that we met the other day named to ride. 
 The racing office need five horses to make the race kosher, asking me could they use your horse's name. 
 So the horse is not actually gonna run? 
 Yeah, probably he don't gonna run,  which I don't name him a top jock to ride him. 
 Gonna get all upset if we scratch. 
 Whereas when you scratch the apprentice kid, he's not gonna make a big beef. 
 Get off. 
 If we probably scratch him, right, or porky pig that stutters, his agent... ( Laughs ) 
 Well, can I say for a fact that the horse is not running? 
 A waste of f*ckin' time. 
 90% sure, absolutely. 
 90% sure? 
 90%, señor. 
 I gotta go. 
 Okay, señor. 
 m*therf*cker. 
 90% unlikely to run. 
 Yeah, some people, lying's like breathing. 
 Joey :  At this point in your career,  a man like Escalante... we don't get to question his intentions. 
 All's I'm excited about, Joey... if that horse is gonna run, I'm gonna be on him. 
 We're realists, knowing that we're on the outside looking in. 
 We calmly accept our uncertain position. 
 Yeah. 
 Yeah, and... and w-we don't ask w-why did you put us on as opposed to some other, more well-recognized jock. 
 We say, "this is great news, Mr. Escalante. 
 We're gonna do you proud." 
 The Goffs million that horse won in Ireland, Joey. 
 Keep your head on straight. 
 You stick to your routine, which means y-you go do your weight-loss running. 
 Les jeux sont faits,  Joey. 
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. 
 Les bons temps rouler. 
 It's Kagle. 
 What? 
 Aw, don't f*ckin' answer it. 
 Come on, Marcus. 
 Where the hell's he been, anyway? 
 Jerry :  I don't know. We'll find out. ( Knocking ) 
 Hey, Kagle! Where you been? 
 Fired. 
 Oh, I thought you might be applying to that TV show, "pig-looking f*cks lose weight." 
 Busybody dropped a dime on me to the racetrack bosses. 
 Got fired from a guard job for loan sharking? 
 Where in the hell is justice? 
 Which I wonder if I'm in his present company. 
 Hey, I don't drop dimes to bosses, not even on parasite humps. 
 So, if the shoe don't fit, don't wear it. 
 Sorry you lost your gig, Kagle. 
 Can I talk to you a minute? 
 And maybe for more fun after, we go swim in a sewer. 
 Jerry :  Marcus wouldn't give you up, Kagle. 
 I've been halfway flipped out since it happened. 
 I... I wound up in Laughlin, Nevada. 
 Jesus, oof. 
 f*cking right, "oof." 
 Got a stomach bug from cathouse coffee. 
 I sold my car. 
 I got arrested for sh1tting in the street. 
 ( Scoffs ) Jesus Christ. 
 Well, anyways, onward and upward. 
 Look, I'm tapped, Jerry. 
 Loan me anything up to 10, I'll pay you retail vig. 
 Here's a grand. 
 No vig. 
 Pay me back when you're on your feet. 
 Absolutely. 
 I'm deeply grateful. 
 Deeply grateful. 
 How much did that conversation cost you? 
 Walking-around money. 
 Which he'll use to plant his fangs in people's necks. 
 Now come on, Marcus. 
 'Cause usury can't be resumed off walking-around money. 
 ( Sighs ) 
 ( Coughs ) 
 And just 'cause we close our eyes doesn't mean the Nazis aren't out there murdering people. 
 ( Coughing ) 
 Do you know you're out of your mind? 
 I'm out of my mind? 
 You... Gonzo, flipped. 
 I'm being identified as Gonzo and flipped by a guy who keeps a diary like a 12-year-old. 
 "Ooh, I need mental help treatment," and so forth. 
 ( Coughing ) 
 Don't be rummaging through my private documents, Marcus. 
 Oh, sure. Why should I information-gather on an old acquaintance who admits in his own handwriting that he blew 286,000 to the great wink of China? 
 How the f*ck did you let it get that far? 
 How about one hand at a time? 
 ( Coughing ) 
 Where are you going? 
 You can f*ckin' read about it later. 
 You wanna blow the rest of your bankroll? 
 Well, knock elsewheres when you're through  so you can find somebody who gives a rat's ass! 
 ( Knocks ) Jerry, our racing stable t-shirts are ready. Just got the call. Pain-in-the-balls Marcus needs to go see the chest doctor. Is he getting dressed? No, he don't know he's gotta go, but I can't stand f*ckin' talking to him. Gotta go talk to Marcus. Yeah, we'll get the t-shirts later, right? Yeah. Gotta go to the hospital, Marcus. Why? Who's sick? No funny evasions. Jerry said you've been experiencing your chest problems. Renzo :  Yeah, no evasions. Yeah, if he's got so many opinions, where is he? Never mind Jerry. Yeah, Jerry's where he always is... urinating money at the poker parlor. I got it, I got it, I got it. How his legs feel to you? You asking me... that's when I know you think a horse is doing great. Oh, by the way, he wants to know if his neighbor next door starts earning his keep tomorrow. Tell him he'll find out at scratch time like everyone else. Thanks a lot, pal. Like I don't have problems enough trying to keep on his right side. Okay, junior, you can take him. Hola, señores! I introduce you to Dr. Joanna. Been taking care of your horse. Mr. Demitriou and... Bernstein. Gus, doctor. How are you doing? Good. Hey. How do you do? How do you do? Please excuse me while I just go finish my rounds. Sure thing. Thanks for your work. You've got a beautiful horse. Oh, thank you very much. Nice surprise. Walk us through where we're at as far as him running in that race. Like I tell Mr. Demitriou, 90% possible I scratch. How about what the hell you're doing in there to begin with? Like I tell Mr. Demitriou, which is supposed to own the horse... the present time, they never have enough horses to run. So, for a favor to make the race go, I let him put your name in. With no intention to run. With 90% possible to scratch, which, for everyone's happiness, maybe you change your tone of voice? Not because you're looking to win a bet using this kid to make people think it's a warm-up race? No, I told you, 90% possible I scratch. Which leaves 10% he might run, which we hear about that tomorrow morning. You know, if he wake up tomorrow 100% great... wakes up 100% great... that leaves us still with 10%,  and riding an apprentice jock would double the odds  in case someone wanted to bet. Do you wanna bet, señor? Is that what you're trying to find out? If I run him, can you bet? No. Then why you stand here, breaking my balls? To find out whether you're a gambler or a trainer. Who told you if you're one, they throw you out for being the other? If that horse would run tomorrow, I think Mr. Demitriou would like the best jock riding him. If that horse run tomorrow, you could put a monkey on him and he'd win. I'm not interested in some monkey riding the horse. We'll be back in 20 minutes. I want that kid traded for the best jock that doesn't have a mount in that race. That kid I put on can ride plenty good. Yeah. If he ain't off, I'm taking that horse away from you. Don't you be making threats to me. I'll tell you, take that f*cking horse right now. 20 minutes. Hey, don't be a jerk. Don't you give me orders, either. Well, that went good. Good? I got that half-a-crook trying to win a bet, this twisted f*ck Mike, and that prison retirement woman who's so whacked out she won't show up so I can give her a check. Why don't you just hit me in the head with a hammer? I just hope at this particular point you don't take that horse from Escalante. Why? You don't know how to train? Hey. Don't lose this horse, Turo. Who are you, a spy? The whole barn could hear you. I don't like people telling me how to run my business. You don't like people catching you with your pants down. I don't take my pants down in front of nobody. You don't need to tell me. You get smart with me, I'll throw you the f*ck out, too. Lose your best horse, fire your vet? I'll get another best horse and a vet. What's your big finish? Set yourself on fire? Yeah, okay, judge Judy. ( Laughs ) What does judge Judy have to do with it? "See this or that doctor." "Here's how to solve your problems." That's not judge Judy. It's Dr. Phil. Then get out of here anyway! Fine. I have other cases to hear. ( Breathing heavily ) Mr. Beckman, how are you feeling? Hunky-dory. Your chest again. Having difficulty breathing? Not really. I'm sure you saw all the other beds with patients waiting to be seen, huh? Absolutely. Please, go and see them. Mr. Beckman, I'm trying to evaluate what's going on with you. I'd really like your help. Okay? May I? A nice, full breath, please. Not a problem. ( Wheezing ) Again. ( Coughs ) Are you taking your medications? Your prednisone, your furosemide? You gonna call me a frequent flier, too? Who called you a frequent flier? I heard one of the nurses say that about me outside. I apologize for that. Look, I take my medications. My problem isn't compliance. My problem is I'm about to die. Is that what you believe? I don't know. Mr. Beckman, you have a cardiomyopathy, a disease of the heart. Yeah, I know what it is. And its symptoms are being aggravated by stress. Just now, stress, rather than your underlying condition, is the major factor in your symptoms. As for your disease, I certainly wouldn't call it end-stage. In fact, if you're not with us five years from now, I'll be surprised. What about 15 years? In 15 years, I suppose I'd be surprised for the opposite reason. I'm going to prescribe you some valium, which you can take next time you feel an attack coming, huh? Thank you. You're welcome. May I also point out that the gift shop has many good books on meditation? Don't be a wise guy. Mr. Beckman, do you have someone you can talk to? A horse. That's not bad. Feel better, huh? He's okay. He'll call me if he needs to see me, okay? Here's the five top jockeys. Then here's the five top white jockeys. I want the best jockey available. And the kid you're taking off... you give him 5,000. Not from my piggy bank. The best shot... the best possible shot. Comprendo. Appreciate it. Don't need 50 people to know our business. Yeah, which I'm halfway afraid to ask. f*ckin' Joe's new car pushes me halfway through the window. Tony, y-you mind altering your rounds? M-maybe t-take it to the room upstairs? You do your job and I do mine. Here, split this with that bug. Aw, Turo. And don't be "Tony"ing people you're lucky to get an "Anthony" out of. There's five in there from the owner. Split it up with your jock however you think is right. Who are you putting on? Ramirez. Selling pencils at the Hilton. Would you shut the f*ck up, please?! I went right through the window. God damn it, Turo! My bug rides as good as Ramirez, if... if not better. Listen to me. Your jock... I guarantee rides next week on that cheap horse those maniacs bought back. And w-what am I supposed to take your word for being worth? Then don't take it for being worth nothing. Tony : Well, well, well. ( Door closes ) ( Knocking ) ( Echoing ) Marcus? How are you feeling? I took a valium. Feel like I'm drunk. I think I'm queer for you. Well, that's... that's so nuts, because I was thinking the same thing about you. Oh, that's very funny. Um, why would you think you're queer for me, Marcus? Because I worry about you all the time. "Oh, Jerry this and that." This and that? Yeah. If something's gonna happen to Jerry or so forth. You know, that... that three-year-old ran so great the other day, that old man's horse. I'm so happy watching. Then the next thought... "oh, I'm worried with Jerry. He's got his neck under some wink's shoe." Jerry :  And where does the boner come into this story? Marcus :  Who else worries about another male like that except a fag? Jesus Christ. I'm humiliated just talking to you. Marcus, a fag finds occasion for showing up in a bathroom naked or the like. Well, I'm in a f*cking wheelchair. There's fags in wheelchairs. There's even a fag wheelchair Olympics, but you have to do something to qualify. You ever think falling out of a tree when you were 11...? Oh, yeah, that turned me queer... falling out of a tree. Well, I'm saying, you spent so much time learning how to take care of yourself, maybe you're just not familiar with just having a buddy. The three friends I got I can hardly stand most of the time. Jerry :  Just 'cause you're short on people skills don't make you a bone smoker. When I booked before, you know where I went? I went to f*ckin' gamble at the f*ckin' hustler. Oh, stop the presses. Yeah, but I didn't because I wanted to get back here and see how you were doing. Does that make me queer for you? I never gave a dirt shoot a second look my whole life, yours especially. That's 'cause I'm always seated. ( Both laughing ) Wanna grab Renzo and Lonnie, get some dinner? Yeah. 
 
 Jerry :  Hey. Food? ( Exhales ) Just watching TV. Yeah. We're hungry in here. All right. Leon :  Hello? Hey, kid. ( Breathless ) Hey, Joey. 19 ounces i lost. Oh, great, great. What, you out for a second run? Uh-huh. What's up? I got something in my pocket for you. Why don't y-you come and you meet me at the longshot, huh? Sure. What's going on? Sherlock Holmes, you come and meet me and you'll f*cking find out. Everything's okay, though, right? Depends on how you feel about increasing  your... your personal wealth. ( Music playing ) What you drinking at, Joey? "Drinking at" is your department, Ronnie. Oh, so by walking in here to play eightball, I'm confusing myself with meaning to drink. Well, I know you ain't confusing yourself with getting in shape to ride again. How does playing eightball disqualify me from doing anything, including getting in shape to ride? Hey ya, kid. Hey, Joey. Hey, Ronnie. Just racking 'em, bug. You in? Uh, sure, I'll shoot a rack with you. L-listen, kid, kid. Th-the news I wanted to tell you. That... that horse we ride those pick six guys bought back? What's going on? Well, we... we just got guaranteed the mount on him going forward. That's awesome. Yeah, a-and plus there... there's some other stuff that we gotta discuss... matters for a race-riding jock. I'm betting that news ain't good news, or why wouldn't he wanna rub my nose in it? Oh, yeah? Oh, yeah? That look like bad news, huh? Huh? ( Scoffs ) Happens to be our ongoing retainer involving that claiming horse that I avoided brandishing in your face, Ronnie, because I... I didn't wanna hurt your feelings. An ongoing retainer on a claiming horse... that makes tremendous sense. My money, kid... that's a kiss-off for getting bumped. Yeah, mind your own business. Are we off that stakes horse I'm supposed to ride tomorrow, Joey? Look, kid... Jesus Joey, didn't you go and bat for me? It was the owner's call. ( Sighs ) I'll be goddamned if I can understand why you gotta be so goddamned hateful, Ronnie. ( Balls clack ) And by the way, Joey, yesterday I gave my book to my new agent, Palmieri. There's a big deal. Big deal... gave his book to Palmieri. That's 25% of nothing. I can't believe I'm off that horse. Yeah, well, that's the f*ckin' goddamn game we're in, kid. I don't wanna hear it, Joey. What a joke. What, Joey? Nothing. Nothing. Just feeling sorry for myself. Some people are so used to hearing "no," "yes," throws them for a loop. This horse retirement woman's no-show. I could've gave her the check for her program, maybe asked her to the race tomorrow. Disappointing. If you can't advance the conversation, you're not required to talk. 100% truthful, Ace? Yeah. I'm so distracted by this horse running so imminent that I can barely think. From you back in the joint... "I got this horse picked out in Ireland. This and that and the such and such and so forth millions sale." The Goffs million. Yeah, the millions sale at Goffs. "I got this horse picked..." No, no. The Goffs million sale, for Christ's sake. Yeah, yeah, I got the horse all picked out to buy the...  we actually reached this turn in the road. Every step of the way, my candid consistent reaction: What the f*ck is this guy thinking? And lo and behold, we get through all of it...  the jackpot, the horse, this headcase Escalante, and here's this horse, ready to run. That if she doesn't show, shame on this prison broad for missing herself out on a good time. Emotional problems I attribute it. Or maybe she had a flat tire. No, a flat tire don't keep you off a phone. Well, maybe she got the flat tire  from running over her phone with a toothache and the dentist's anesthetic knocked her out. How about that? ( Chuckling ) Tomorrow's gonna be a good day, Ace, big day. We step to the plate with a shot. You know who don't? Who? Babe Ruth. The babe don't step to the plate. Or George patton, either. You know, because they're both dead. Tremendous ballplayer, tremendous general, out of the picture completely. Whereas you and I get a good night's sleep and we step to the plate. You make good points. Let's go to sleep. ( Music playing ) ( Woman vocalizing ) ( Clucking ) ( Both speak Spanish ) Vet : Bueno. Gracias. Okay, Turo. Good luck today. ( Faucet running ) Gus :  Ace. Ace! Yeah? Yeah? Claire Lechea is on her way up. ( Faucet stops ) Wow. ( Sighs ) What do you think of that? ( Knocks ) ( Clears throat ) Miss Lechea. Good morning. I apologize about yesterday. You make things possible, Mr. Bernstein, and I've been afraid for things to be possible. Miss Lechea, your check. You look like someone who could use a couple of hours' sleep. ( Laughs ) Yes. Maybe then after you get some rest, you might want to go to the races. We'll see. Thank you. ( Clangs ) ( Man over P.A, indistinct ) Man : Oh, Jesus. Oh, Jesus. Tough break, Joey. f*cking assholes spin you for practice. Sure, Georgie, yeah. No matter how much K.Y they use, never any getting used to it. Hey, it's Lynn. Leave me a message. ( Beeps ) Hey, honey, it's... it's me. It's Joe. I'm just... I'm just checking in. I guess you're already out and about. Hope you're having a good one. I guess you're still getting my checks because I haven't heard your dulcet tones screaming your ass off at me. Um... I've been missing you a lot lately. And... I'm just giving you my love. And my love to the squirt, okay? All right, I'll talk to you when I talk to you. All right, bye-bye. ( Gasps ) ( Music playing ) ♪ Do you remember what you did? ♪ 
♪ do you remember what you did? ♪ 
♪ what you did last night? ♪ 
♪ what you did last night? ♪ 
♪ do you remember what you did? ♪ 
♪ do you remember what you did ♪ 
♪ what you did last night? ♪ 
♪ what you did last night? ♪ You you had your arms around me ♪ 
♪ you hugged and squeezed me tight... ♪ Ready? Yeah. ♪ Do you remember what you said? ♪ 
♪ what you said last night? ♪ Oh! ( Laughing ) Right? Very nice, very nice. Huh? Yeah? Yeah. Hey. Oh! Nice. Put it on. Got you a large. ( All laughing ) ♪ Do you remember what you did? ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ 
♪ do you remember what you did last night? ♪ ( Both speaking Spanish ) Turo : Good afternoon. ( Speaks Spanish ) Señor Demitriou, Rico Ramirez. Nice to meet you. Good to meet you. Chester Bernstein. Claire Lechea. Nice to meet you. How do you do? Hi, ma'am. Turo Escalante. A pleasure. How do you do? Here he comes. Turo : Ready? Okay. Good to meet you. Good luck to you. Keep to your routine. Can we watch it? Sure. Use my box. I'm asking you to watch it with us. Yeah. Come on. ( Man over P.A, indistinct ) Hey. Hey. That's for you. Thank you. That's from all of us. ( Sighs ) The extra money in your check... beyond the budget. There's just so many wonderful things that can be used for. Good. May I ask why you made it $367,000? 367 is my lucky number. Well, good luck, Mr. Bernstein. You could call me Ace or Chester. Good luck, Chester. Thank you. Man over P.A :  The runners are now facing up to the gate for today's seventh. Lonesome picker and watch house will be the first two to come forward. Pint of plain and renegade tune standing back, waiting their turn. ( Horse snorts ) Renegade tune facing u. As easy as practice, renegade tune. Come forward. A little reluctant. Hesitates, but then goes in. Man : Hup. Let's go. Renegade tune's loaded. Watch house is in. Pint of plain is in. Summer child is going to be the last one. ( Metal clanks ) Gates closed. They're all set. ( Horses snorting ) ( Jockeys yelling ) And away they go to a perfect start. Watch house is away quickly. Here's pint of plain fighting against the rider, though. Doesn't seem to be all that happy early on, this pint of plain. So, into the turn they go now, and it's lonesome picker showing the way out on the lead. Lonesome picker in front with watch house under the pressure on the second. ( Announcer continues indistinctly ) Pint of plain just tapped in right behind those heels as they hit the half-mile mark. ( Metal clinking ) ( Metal clinking ) ( Neighs ) Come on, what the f*ck? Something happen? ( Crowd murmuring ) Announcer :  They turn for home  and it's still watch house the leader. But now pint of plain is just  crying out to be let loose. Look at his legs. Oh, God, he's bleeding. Right hind. The jock should pull him up. Turo : Quiet. Announcer :  Watch house desperate to hold on. But just look at pint of plain. He is still running. Announcer :  It's pint of plain.  Now he explodes to the front! Come on! Just look at this. He's pulling to watch house. He's running okay, Ace. Come on! Come on! Whoo! Come on, Irish boy! Come on! Come on. Come on! He's gonna do it. He's gonna do it. Come on! ( Announcer continues indistinctly ) Yes! Yeah! Gus :  He did it. That is some horse. That is some wonderful horse. Congratulations. Now pray he come out in one piece. He didn't win like much did he, Joey? Why... why don't you take a l-long walk off a short pier? 'Cause I'm always afraid I might s-stumble. You'd think Escalante would have told us to bet. I wouldn't make any long-range plans counting on Escalante to give us information. You know, I think that horse's stall is adjacent to our horse's stall. Look, lon, what you did to me with this woman. Hey, it's Lynn, leave me a message. ( Beeps ) Hey, honey. I-it's me, Joey. Um, just checking in because I had a great afternoon here. It's like the gods of luck must be confusing me with somebody else because I made, like, several hundred dollars that I-I thought that I would... I would drop off for-for for you and the squirt if... Because... you know, 'cause things are going well, I thought that if you were of a mind, maybe, uh... you know, maybe the hamburger Hamlet wouldn't be out of the question or, you know, m-might be in the... the drift of your thoughts. So, uh, all right, listen, I'll call you back, okay? I'm just gonna stop at payday advance. I'm joking. I'm joking, honey. I'm joking. I'm joking. Uh, all right, I... I'll call you a little later, okay? ( Beeps ) Okay, e-e-bye. ( Camera shutters clicking ) Pint of plain facing wonderful opposition... Man :  Thank you. ( Turo speaks Spanish ) ( Speaking Spanish ) ( Chuckles ) Miguel... ( Speaking Spanish ) Gus : Thank you. Okay. I tell him get the doc to meet him in the piss barn, you know, to look at his hock. What's his own impression with the injury? Gus : Hey, hey. What's your personal impression? Is he gonna be all right? He cut it pretty bad. You got to see what he hurt underneath. Underneath? Underneath what? His skin. Like a bone or a tendon. Oh, yeah. Sure, sure. The jock say he won with a double handful. This horse is a running m*therf*cker. No, sh1t. Yeah. He say he bring him a relative up from Panama to keep him company. Okay, there you go. There you go. Good job, good job. There you go. Let's let him settle down. Well, we'll X-ray in an hour and do the ultrasound in the morning. The difference between an X-ray and an ultrasound is? X-ray is for a fracture, sir. Ultrasound will show us soft-tissue damage, but we won't be able to do that until the swelling goes down, which should be in about 12 hours. Thank you. Go home. Call and I'll let you know. Well, I'd just as soon drop off miss Lechea, Mr. Bernstein, and then maybe come back. I'd just as soon you drop miss Lechea and yourself off and I'll... what, you're gonna stay here? I'm fine. Well, whoever wants to stay is sitting in a chair or sleeping on the floor. ( Speaks Spanish ) Gus can take you home, if you like. Of course. And, uh... I'm glad you came to the race. I am, too. Well, um... Yes? We'll talk soon. How are we supposed to pretend anymore it's not his horse? He's standing quiet. The horse? The horse. Yeah, good. Hey, it's Lynn, leave me a message. ( Beeps ) ( Music playing, man humming ) ♪ Now that I know the way it goes ♪ 
♪ you gotta pay back every penny that you owe ♪ 
♪ 12 years old ♪ 
♪ in your mama's clothes ♪ 
♪ shut the blinds and lock up every door ♪ 
♪ and if you hear someone's comin' near ♪ 
♪ just close your eyes and make 'em disappear now... ♪ ( Humming ) ♪ Years away finds me here today ♪ 
♪ on my own and always on my way now ♪ 
♪ so I send my friends ♪ 
♪ gifts from where I've been ♪ 
♪ something for the hand that never there to lend ♪ 
♪ better keep those eyes ♪ 
♪ climbing paradise ♪ 
♪And don't pretend you won't reach it ♪ 
♪ in the end now... ♪ ( Humming ) ♪ Never renounce ♪ 
♪ or ever claim to be ♪ 
♪ and never buy that freedom just ain't free, now ♪ 
♪ Ella sang ♪ 
♪ sifting in the sand ♪ 
♪ like a hymn within to help us understand. ♪ ( Humming ) 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 