Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x01 - #WelcomeToMyWorld - Becoming Us 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x01 - #WelcomeToMyWorld https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=329&t=18976 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 06/09/15 06:54 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x01 - #WelcomeToMyWorld 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 I'm Ben, and I'm just your normal average teenage kid. 
 I'm 16-years-old and I'm a junior in high school. 
 And I live in Evanston, Illinois, which is right outside of Chicago. 
 I grew up with loving parents, I have an amazing sister and I have an awesome girlfriend named Danielle. 
 If I fall, you're always there to pick me up. 
 I've got your back. 
 Danielle is beautiful, and she's very fun to be around. 
 I thought I knew exactly where my life was headed until she came along and everything got turned upside down. 
 I know she's gonna be around for awhile, so I've got to just do whatever I can to figure this out so me and her can understand each other. 
 Her name is Carly and Carly was my dad. 
 Yeah. 
 [Music playing] 
 [Music playing] 
 Mom? 
 What? 
 I can't find my camera. Where would it be, where would it... where would it be? 
 I don't know. 
 Hi, I'm Suzy. I am Ben's mother. 
 I'm a fitness instructor. 
 The most important things in my life are my children. 
 Ben has definitely been through some challenges so right now, my goal is to support him. 
 Why are you so freaked? 
 I don't know, because I'm already late to see Danielle and I need the camera. 
 And your phone, okay? 
 Okay. 
 I found it under my bed. 
 Love you. 
 Bye. Phone? 
 No, I don't have my phone because I lost it, I haven't seen it in like, two days. 
 What? 
 Bye. 
 [Music playing] 
 Alright, go ahead. 
 ♪ When we were young ♪ 
♪ we could always dare to dream ♪ 
 Stay like, right there. 
 ♪ Places we had seen ♪ 
♪ were enough to make us who we are ♪ 
 Should I like, do an arabesque? 
 It's okay like that. 
 Go ahead, get that selfie game. 
 Get in the background. 
 Wait, wait, wait, wait. 
 I do photography, I love doing it, I love doing portrait photography, I love to be able to have people engage into the photo and connect to it. 
 Babe, you have like this... you need some like, gel in your hair. 
 It's been so weird, because it's like, you know, it's senior year and I'm just... I just feel like I'm not like, actually enjoying it, you know? 
 High school sucks. 
 You have two more years, that's a long time. 
 Yeah I know. People are just rude and I didn't... 
 I just don't want to deal with it. 
 I wouldn't either. It's not a normal situation for a kid to go through like, oh, my dad likes to... likes to dress up like a woman. 
 Oh, my dad doesn't feel like a man, like... 
 Yeah. Last year, my parents had ended up telling me they were getting divorced and then they told me that my dad wanted to become a woman and I was like, "huh?" 
 At a certain point in time, I noticed my dad had grown boobs. 
 Like, real boobs. 
 It was like bang, bomb drops and everything changed. 
 Should I like, do like a little, like... 
 It's a struggle. 
 I can't do it in these boots, I can't bend my foot. 
 What are you guys doing? You must be crazy, it's freezing cold. 
 Hi, my name's Carly, used to be Charlie, now I'm Carly. 
 I do computer forensics and data loss protection, pretty normal job. 
 When Ben was born, he was like my little shining star, he was beautiful you could tell he was smart, he was just like the perfect little kid. 
 Big mouthful. 
 I really tried to make my life fit into what was expected of me, which was a man, dad, coach. 
 For a long, long time I had a lot of fun being that person but after awhile, it just became more and more impossible to be that person because I really never wanted to be that person to begin with. 
 Is this going to be for public distribution? 
 Or can I speak freely? 
 I was a real heavy drinker. 
 I had a real drinking problem. 
 There was just a lot of shame and that largely because of my inability to feel comfortable in the body that I was born into. 
 Boy, I look really lousy in this, don't I? 
 Look at this, holy moly. 
 Let's see if I can back this away from my face, I don't look too good. 
 It was either I go this route or I end up buried. 
 My transitioning has been the healthiest part of my life. 
 When you become willing to just... just to let go of a lot of garbage and a lot of shame, be able to make a beginning at living an authentic life, that's pretty healthy. 
 When Charlie decided to become Carly, our lives turned upside down. 
 I was not sure what to do. 
 Most importantly, I was really worried about Ben's relationship with his father. 
 You know, I always said, "you're not losing me at all," I'm not going anywhere. 
 Instead, you're gonna get more of me than you ever got before. 
 [Music playing] 
 What's up? 
 Let's unscrew the salt and pepper shakers. 
 So what were you guys doing at the rocks? 
 You had a photo project, didn't you? 
 Yeah, for school? 
 Yep. 
 How are your grades in school? 
 What does that mean? 
 It means... 
 I think the fact that he's not telling you, then they're probably kind of bad. 
 I'm really worried about Ben, I think, you know, he's got some challenges with school. 
 Frankly, I think he's a little lazy, sorry pal, it's what I think. 
 I really wish Ben could just kind of suck it up, just kick some butt and do well. 
 How you guys doing? 
 Who's got the cheese? 
 Thank you. 
 Thanks, what's your name? 
 Michael. 
 Thanks Michael. 
 Thank you. Knifes, forks, here if you need 'em okay? You're welcome. 
 Okay, thanks. 
 So what have you been up to? 
 Yesterday my dad wanted to look at bras. 
 Really? Is that awkward? 
 Because I know, you know, Ben had some difficulties being with me in public like that, so... 
 Yeah, bra shopping with my dad, it's kind of weird. 
 Danielle and I, we've been dating for about a year now and we have one really big thing in common, which is her dad is transgender too. 
 I go by the name Daniel. 
 Danielle was my one and only chance to name a child after me. 
 She's a good kid. 
 My dad started transitioning when I was seven years old and ever since then has kind of been a whirlwind of going shopping with my dad, trying makeup on with my dad, girl things that I should be doing with my mom, now I'm doing with my dad. 
 It's just a small world, people. 
 What pronouns does your dad use? 
 Because I'm calling him "he". 
 My dad goes by "he"... 
 Okay. 
 But like, hormonally I think he's just different than a lot of guys. 
 He has boobs and like, wears makeup sometimes. 
 He still considers himself a guy though, stuck in the middle. 
 #stuckinthemiddle, right. 
 It's a situation. 
 It's a situation. 
 How'd bra shopping go? Did he find anything? 
 I don't think bras are built right for his body, so nothing really fits right. 
 Take him to get fitted. 
 I don't really want to take my dad to go bra shopping, that would be a little bit weird. 
 What if we both took your dad to get fitted? 
 I mean, been there, done that, not a big deal. 
 I kind of want to introduce Carly to my father. 
 My dad's definitely been transitioning longer than Carly has but he's not very confident with like, dressing as a woman. 
 I mean, maybe Carly could help my dad out, maybe she could give him like, some tips. 
 Carly understands what my dad, you know, has to go through when he's getting dressed. 
 I don't know how he would feel about it, I'd have to talk to him about it. 
 He's butch. He's butch. 
 He's butch. 
 He's butch. 
 I'm Sutton and I'm Ben's older sister. 
 Suzy is my mom, Carly came into my life as Charlie when I was six years old. 
 I never called him "dad". 
 He was my stepdad. 
 We get to see the ring. 
 Hey Benny, Ben. 
 Hi, how are you? 
 I'm good, how are you? 
 Good, oh my gosh. 
 Oh my god. 
 Oh my god, I'm here. 
 Oh my god, so happy to see you. 
 Thank you. There it is. 
 Woo hoo, look at it. 
 I am very recently engaged to my fiancé, Kevin. 
 We lived in queens together in New York City. 
 I'm in Evanston because I wanted to be around my mom when I planned my wedding and Ben and I have always been best friends, so it's... it means a lot to me to be with him while he has to process and go through all this stuff that's a lot. 
 I might have a wedding meltdown. 
 Okay. 
 I don't know. 
 Yeah? 
 Wedding meltdown? 
 Yeah, yeah. Hi guys, thanks for coming to get me. 
 Yeah, there's too many plans and too much to do and not enough time to do it in. 
 We'll handle it. 
 Okay. 
 We'll work on it together. 
 We got it. - Thank you. 
 [Music playing] 
 You want to see my engagement pictures? 
 Yes, yes. 
 Yes? 
 Okay, okay. 
 I'm excited about it, clearly. 
 It actually was kind of nerve-wracking. 
 I think I turned around for a second to like, reach for something and when I turned back around, he was down on one knee and then he was like, "Sutton Morgan Crawford," he used my full name and everything, "will you marry me?" 
 And I said, "yes," and I said it so quiet and I was crying so ugly. 
 Is that a tear? 
 Yeah. 
 So it was really silly. 
 Aww. 
 Aw, thank you. 
 I was like, "that tear is not acceptable." 
 Exactly, so then that's when I... I reset to... I reset to this one. 
 I'm excited to get to see him because I haven't been able to... 
 I know. 
 Hug him and you know, I was worried that he wasn't gonna ask me. 
 He asked your permission? 
 Yeah. 
 And he just said, "I just love her so much." 
 I'm really glad that he did that. 
 Kevin called my mom to ask for my hand in marriage and that means the world to me because he really understands my mom and I's dynamic. 
 She really is my mom and my dad all rolled into one. 
 What's Carly's role, like is she gonna be a part of it? 
 She's not gonna walk you down the aisle, that would make me really upset. 
 I definitely feel stuck in the middle when it comes to the wedding. 
 As proud of Carly as I am for her decision and becoming who she truly is, I want this to be about me and my fiancé, first of all, but second of all, I want it to be about my mom and I want it to be about Ben and I don't know what to do. 
 [Music playing] 
 Hello. 
 Hey. What you doing here? 
 Can I... can I... Ben forgot his phone. 
 Come on in. 
 Thanks. 
 Have a seat. 
 You got any coffee? 
 I do. Would you like some? 
 I would love some. 
 Okay. 
 I was married for 16 years and I began this journey while I was married, before I consulted with my wife. 
 You know, I hurt her, that's just the facts. 
 Why do you look so nervous? 
 Nervous? 
 Yeah, you were like, bouncing away at the door like a polar opposite magnet, the closer I got, the further you went away. 
 Not feeling huggy today. 
 That's okay, love you but... 
 Yeah. 
 Charlie and I, we did go to therapy because topics started to come up, he was dabbling in cross dressing and I was willing to go along with that. 
 I mean, I had been on hormones for a few years and I had started to develop breasts and one night she asked me about it and I told her. 
 I wish I could've been a better husband, you know, been a little bit more transparent, or a lot more transparent. 
 I think we need to talk about school stuff. 
 Yeah? 
 Yeah, like grades are coming, doesn't sound like it's too good. 
 Yeah I knew that. 
 I know. So we should get together, maybe the three of us, we could go for dinner or something. 
 Okay, yeah he's struggling. 
 Charlie being transgender is not why I was angry. 
 A lot of it was, oh dammit, here I am again with a man that I can't really rely on, but in the end we both adore and love Benjamin so much and we'll work out whatever we need to work out to make sure it works for him. 
 Do you like my hair? 
 I got my hair done today. 
 Oh yeah? 
 Yeah. 
 Highlights and cut, Martha. 
 Really? 
 Yeah. 
 Huh, she's damn good. 
 She is damn good, 41 foils. 
 41 foils? 
 Yeah, go somewhere else and get 12 and look like crap or go to Martha and get 41 and look great. 
 Oh my god, you stole my hairdresser too, damn you. 
 [Music playing] 
 What's up? 
 I have a great group of friends that I met at a skate park in Evanston. 
 How's it going? 
 I'm good, how are you? 
 Hello. 
 Grab a seat. 
 Ayton is one of my best friends, he's like a weirder, older brother. 
 Brook is just awesome, she's beautiful, she's cool and she's super smart. 
 Why is she dating Ayton? I don't know. 
 The goth-looking guy is Brook's brother Lathan. 
 He just moved to town so I don't know him very well. 
 He's pretty mysterious, he kind of reminds me of a character from Twilight. 
 How was school today? 
 School is still crap and my parents are on my case about it. 
 Who's on your case more? 
 Who do you think? 
 Your mom. 
 Carly is. 
 [Together] Really? 
 Carly? Oh. 
 When I was over there, she was pretty hot, she's looking like a woman right now. 
 Well she is a good-looking woman, like... 
 Duh, you got half those genes. 
 Yeah. 
 Her pronoun is she and she is identified as she. 
 There's so many different kinds of pronouns here. 
 There are. There are too many different pronouns. 
 Can we look up all of them? 
 Alright, he laughed, she laughed, ne aughed, ve laughed, ey laughed, ze laughed, I don't even know how to pronounce that. 
 There's an "xe". 
 I'm just gonna call Carly "Carly". 
 If I was gonna do that, I would just be like, "call me yo." That would be pretty cool. 
 Just "yo". 
 Let's make a sentence of that. 
 What up, yo? 
 Yeah. 
 All in all, it's very confusing because people are very complicated and we need to learn about it more. 
 So she identifies as a female... 
 Yeah. 
 But what is her love interest? 
 Female. 
 Isn't that interesting? 
 I think that's very cool. 
 It's... it's kind of crazy. 
 You were a man and you liked women but you wanted to become a woman, but you still like women? 
 I think it makes sense. 
 I remember when I went over there for the first time and you were like, "I got to warn you about something." 
 I go over there and I'm like, "oh I get it, your moms are lesbians, it's two women here." Like, I have no idea what's going on. 
 I wonder what my girl name would be. 
 Benina? 
 [Music playing] 
 So we... 
 So what's up? 
 We recently got Ben's interim report. 
 Oh good, I was just about to ask that. 
 It ain't too well. 
 No it's not too good. 
 He's doing great in history, which he loves. 
 Yep. 
 Photography. 
 Yep. 
 Lifeguarding. 
 Which... You have an F in English. 
 Wow dude. Why do you have an F in English? 
 It's either me or it's either the teacher. 
 Okay, so it's probably you. 
 Well you don't know that. 
 Well, they're your grades, hello. 
 But the teacher... 
 The teacher doesn't just randomly give you bad grades. 
 Well it depends on how the teacher is teaching. 
 We still have to learn how to navigate even with those teachers. 
 There is an option that you can go off-campus and take classes online. 
 I'd rather you stay in school. 
 I am not the more strict parent, I generally tend to be more laid-back about things, especially about school and things like that. 
 I mean, high school itself is a learning experience on its own, that's where you're gonna be with friends, that's where you're gonna have to deal with the jerks and the bullying and the you know, I mean... 
 I don't want to deal with that. 
 But it's part of real life. 
 Everybody kind of... everybody kind of puts up with it to a certain extent. 
 Could we stay in school and see how things go? 
 My... my answer is no. 
 Are you gonna... are you gonna tell him he doesn't have that option? 
 No, not necessarily. 
 I'm gonna be like you, whatever makes you happy. 
 I just... I honestly... 
 I'm kidding. 
 Whatever, we'll figure it out. 
 Dad, that thing is so sharp, like... 
 It is not. No, no, no, no, no, you're gonna take an hour doing it like that. 
 You see this? Watch this. 
 It shouldn't take that long, you've got a whole bag. 
 By the way, how would you feel about going bra shopping with Carly? 
 You may as well try, Carly knows what she's shopping for, she deals with the same issues as you. 
 Like, she can help you. 
 If she can maybe help me, it would be great. 
 I mean, it's kind of difficult going into the store by yourself and saying, "I'm a transgender individual and my boobs are so far apart and can you fit me for a bra?" 
 But I've bought some sports bras but even those don't... don't really do the trick and by the time I'm done running or even a jog, I can be sore. 
 Really? 
 Oh yeah. 
 Go for a run without a bra on and you will feel it. 
 I can't believe I'm having this conversation with my dad. 
 Well... 
 I wouldn't wish a gender conflict upon anybody. 
 It's a nightmare. 
 Stand in the mirror long enough and try to picture yourself with the opposite body. 
 It's not a hobby being who I am, it's reality. 
 Did you ever feel like, trapped? 
 Like you couldn't be who you wanted to be because like, you had me? 
 I felt very guilty. I still feel that today. 
 If wearing girls' clothing and make-up makes you feel happy, then go for it. 
 Yeah but do you think I could walk out the front door like this right now? 
 Well, why... you should be able to. That's... that's how society should work and it doesn't. 
 And it makes me angry because like, people don't even have to accept it, they just have to tolerate enough to keep their mouths shut. 
 It just makes me angry because I want you to live the life that you want to live. 
 You're gonna make me cry here in about five seconds. 
 There's been times when we were walking down the street where people have actually said things, like "freak" or you know, like, "what are you doing?" 
 Like, it's my dad and he's a person, like you're making him feel bad and like... 
 You know, you're a lot smarter than what I give you credit for, that's for sure. 
 Well I grew up with you being different and that's... 
 I think that's made me a better person. 
 
 
 
 [Music playing] 
 [Beeping] 
 Hello. 
 Why are you so close to me? 
 What you doing man? 
 What up? 
 You're so sassy. 
 I'm full screening you, bam. 
 Do you remember when Carly offered to take my dad bra shopping? 
 Yeah. 
 You should go with me. 
 No. 
 Carly was the one who got me into this, that is your mom/dad. 
 You're a part of this so you have to. 
 Alright fine. 
 Fine, fine, fine. 
 But when are we... when are we going? 
 Tomorrow. 
 Okay so I'm gonna have to mentally prepare myself for this. 
 Yeah, yeah, you've got a day. 
 Instigation situation. 
 Right, Gucci. 
 We Gucci. Alright. 
 Gucci. 
 I'm gonna get back to what I was doing, I'll call you whenever but I'll see you tomorrow. 
 Bye bye. 
 Ben, aren't you excited? 
 No. 
 Oh you're not excited at all? 
 No. 
 Oh this looks like fun. 
 [Music playing] 
 That's cute. 
 Yeah, it is cute. 
 Do you know what size you are? 
 No, I'm gonna have to have myself measured, it's been awhile. 
 I'm definitely not comfortable going bra shopping with my dad. 
 Me and my dad, when I was growing up, he was into sports, I was into sports. 
 Deadly. 
 He coached me in basketball and we always had like, a lot of fun. 
 Dad, let me see. 
 It was just weird going into a bra store with two fathers that are now women. 
 It's just like, meh! 
 Check it out. 
 So you're probably about a 40b. 
 This is like, a low neckline, plunge, you know. 
 Yeah but let's see that. 
 With the space... 
 This almost seems like the cups are way too big. 
 You think so? 
 Oh yeah, yeah I'll be swimming in there. 
 Okay. 
 It's just like my dad's a preteen learning about how to wear a bra for the first time. 
 Oh. 
 Don't look at my fat belly. 
 Okay I won't. 
 It actually gives you a little cleavage right here too. 
 Yeah I've always thought that the... the... the nipple should be right in the center, they're like way over here. 
 You know, you know what, that's just anatomy. 
 I always do this little number here. 
 Yeah right? 
 Oh okay. 
 Carly can just like, teach my dad all the things he needs to know. 
 Make him better at his makeup, sometimes his makeup is a little bit... a little bit too much. 
 Let's see if we can get it hooked. 
 Stop, stop. 
 Wait, I think I got it. 
 Most guys have no idea what women go through to just put their body together sometimes. 
 Most women have no idea what guys go through when they're trying to put their body together at certain times. 
 Carly, can you just hold this? 
 Yeah. 
 Just hold that, just... 
 It actually kind of feels kind of good. 
 Yeah it does. 
 Right, it does. 
 It's kind of hot. 
 Is it? 
 I think so. 
 I'm gonna show you it in the mirror. 
 Oh my goodness. 
 Yep. 
 Woo hoo. 
 Oh I like that. 
 Today, I really feel hot, really hot, it's probably one of the times that I've felt the best about what I saw in the mirror. 
 Look at this, even my jeans look better on me, look at that. 
 Yep. 
 I could turn to side to side and I saw a woman's body. 
 Oh my god. 
 Look I actually got a figure. 
 You'd have to help me put this thing on every time. 
 Oh. 
 No sorry, pal. 
 You're on your own there, you'd have to find the right guy, you can't go to your daughter for that help. 
 That's just not okay. 
 Dad, how do you feel? 
 I feel a lot prettier now than I did when I came in. 
 Nice. 
 Wow. 
 Great. 
 We're gonna have to go out on the town. 
 It's kind of nice just to see my dad happy and you know, if I have to put up with like, my dad, you know, dragging me to stores to go buy like, you know, female clothing and that's the price that I have to pay for him to be happy then that's totally fine with me. 
 Carly, thanks a lot for coming. 
 You're welcome, you're welcome, my pleasure. 
 We'll have to do more of these shopping trips. 
 Are we done? 
 For now. 
 Oh yeah. 
 [Music playing] 
 Oh, I look terrible. 
 Hello. 
 Hey. 
 What's up? 
 What's up? How are you? 
 Good. 
 What are you doing? 
 On my computer. 
 On your computer? 
 Yep. 
 Yeah. 
 Hey, I was talking to your mom and I told her I'd like to have you come over. 
 She said you're available. 
 Why... why do you want me to? 
 I just want to spend some time with you and I have some stuff I want to talk to you about, just kind of personal stuff, one-on-one kind of stuff. 
 So why don't you just tell me now? 
 What are doing to your hair? 
 I don't know, I like brushing my head. 
 Ben playing with his hair is like Fonzie. 
 That's what... that's what it makes me think of. 
 Why can't you tell me now? 
 It's just a... it's just a face-to-face conversation, not a Facetime conversation. 
 It's just, you know, just personal stuff I wanted to talk to you about. 
 Usually Carly likes to tell me things over the phone or over text message, but the fact that she wants to meet face-to-face, it feels like it might be huge. 
 I still don't understand why you just can't tell me now but okay. 
 Mono y mono. Or mono y mana, whatever. 
 Hello beautiful. 
 Hi handsome. 
 How are you? 
 Good, how are you doing? 
 I'm so good. 
 Every single time we go away from each other, it feels like someone took half of my heart and like, removed it. 
 And when this other half of my heart is somewhere, it's in New York City right now, it's like I can always feel him with me, he's just not with me. 
 How is Evanston? Good, you're happy. 
 Yes, I mean, like happier than I thought I'd be. 
 We're gonna look at a venue. 
 Good. 
 And then, you know, DJ, flowers, food and then get married. 
 Yeah. 
 Oh and I found this photo booth I want. 
 Classic, of course you did. 
 [Music playing] 
 Okay, so tell me about your wedding. 
 It's gonna be Romeo and Juliet-themed. 
 Okay. 
 Yeah. 
 Gorgeous. Are you looking like, in a certain color scheme? 
 I think I want to do blush pink for the bridesmaids. 
 Okay and for your dress, you picture having a veil? 
 Definitely a veil. I've always wanted a veil. 
 It's the only time you get to wear one and nobody looks at you like you're crazy. 
 It's true, it's the one thing that really makes you look like a bride. 
 It's true. 
 Yeah. 
 I would love to find something that's kind of in the theme. 
 I have a couple of things that might be good, let's see what you look good in. 
 Okay, yay. 
 Alright. 
 Dress number one. 
 Whoa. 
 Oh my gosh. 
 Holy moly. I mean, this is very like... 
 It's very stunning. It's stunning. 
 It's very... old Hollywood. 
 Holy, that's exactly what I was gonna say. 
 Yeah. 
 Duh duh duh. 
 Wow. 
 You should see the back. 
 Ooh. 
 Gives you a little tata situation, too. 
 A little oomph. This is like, my favorite so far. 
 Oh really? 
 One more. 
 It's perfect. It's like, the exact same shape that I wore in the show, like... we met doing Romeo and Juliet. 
 Like, that's how we met. He was Romeo, I was Juliet, we were in a play in Vermont. 
 Okay, ready? 
 Yeah. 
 I don't know, am I? 
 Oh gosh. 
 It's so pretty. 
 Oh mama, it's perfect. 
 Aw sweetie. 
 Well? 
 I think that's it. 
 This is it. 
 Oh my god. 
 Yeah, high five. 
 That was so fun. 
 Whoo. Yes. 
 [Music playing] 
 What's up with you? 
 I just hate school, it doesn't make me happy. 
 You're just done, just can't today. 
 I'm done with school. 
 Sorry dude, but you know what? 
 The reality is, we all have to do things we don't like doing. 
 I love you though. 
 Yeah whatever. 
 Speaking of doing what you want to do. 
 Do... Oh boy. 
 I've been transitioning for a few years. 
 I have been as thoughtful of others as I can be. 
 I'm tired of having to hide it on a daily basis, my stuff. 
 I would like to be able to use a women's locker room at a health club and feel comfortable being there. 
 So I don't get to do a lot of things that I'd like to be able to do in life, you know, living the way I'm living. 
 I'm gonna be... gonna have surgery, bottom surgery. 
 My boy parts are gonna become my girl parts, basically. 
 How does it make you feel? 
 Even more pissed. 
 But why? 
 Because it's kind of official that my dad is gone. 
 The person that made me will not have the thing that made me. 
 Nope, you're right about that. 
 That is weird. 
 Still me, still love you. 
 I need some air. 
 Oh boy. 
 I know this may sound really dumb, but somewhere in the back of my mind, I just feel like sometimes maybe things'll go back to normal. 
 This is real, like it's actually happening. 
 My dad is becoming a woman and there's no going back. 
 They say that spicy stuff makes your brain think you're kind of dying and then when it realizes you're not dying, it sends all these endorphins out and they're like, "yay." Oh that must be... 
 Why you don't like it? 
 Yeah. 
 What were you guys planning on doing tonight? 
 I mean, I thought I would be hanging out with Ben today but he... 
 He pulled a Ben? 
 He's so bad with his phone, he sucks. 
 Yeah I remember when you guys were texting then he responded at like three in the morning. 
 Ben's still got a little bit of maturing to do. 
 I do like Ben a lot, I mean, he's a really good person and everything and he's got a lot on his plate, so I do cut him some slack but it doesn't mean that I don't get hurt sometimes. 
 DJ or a live band? 
 DJ, I think? 
 Or it has to be like, a 12-piece band. 
 Yes. Ben, are you having food? 
 No. 
 You don't want anything? 
 No. 
 You're gonna waste away. 
 You okay? 
 Yeah, you sure? 
 I'm leaving. 
 What? 
 Bye. 
 Where you going? 
 I'm leaving, I'm going out with Ayton. 
 Do you have school tomorrow? 
 Yep. 
 You have to be back soon. 
 Yep, bye. 
 You know when you're mad and it's just like, you have so many reasons of why you're mad? 
 What was that one straw that broke your camel back? 
 The fact that my dad is just gone. 
 I think I might have a good idea of how you can vent off some... some negative energy. 
 Where are we even going? 
 Remember how I told you you can adopt kids off the Internet? 
 We're not going there. 
 I was like, "what?" 
 We're almost there. 
 Dude, I feel like we're gonna get in trouble. 
 Dude, chill out, don't worry about it. My buddy works here. 
 Alright. 
 Just follow me. Help me out. 
 Where are we going? 
 I got an awesome place for you, Ben. 
 I'm taking to you to a place where nobody can hear us scream. 
 Bro, you get me into the weirdest situations ever. 
 Dude, what the... 
 Check out this view. 
 Pretty tight, right? 
 Can I hold onto your camera for a second? 
 I have a good idea. 
 Don't drop it. 
 I'm not gonna drop it. 
 Told you I'd take you to a place where nobody could hear you scream, so scream at the top of your lungs. 
 Just scream? 
 Yeah, everything that's been upsetting you lately, everything that's been on your mind, let it out, be free. 
 [Screams] 
 That's it, man? 
 Yeah. 
 You're a lion, man, you gotta roar like a lion. 
 Just... just one more, Ben, just give it all you've got, just let it all out. 
 [Screaming] 
 Dude, thank you. 
 No problem. 
 Thanks. 
 Let's go back the same way. 
 [Music playing] 
 I love my mom, dad, dad/mom but it doesn't mean that I understand what she's doing. 
 Just because I'm transitioning my gender doesn't mean that I'm transitioning, you know, as far as being a parent. 
 You know, I've said before, you know, you'll get more of me as I am. 
 That doesn't mean physically, just emotionally available. 
 Carly keeps telling me that everything is going to be fine but lately, it just feels like one situation after another. 
 If anybody really is gonna get it, I think I would be the one to understand what's going on. 
 I think he struggles with it. 
 I'm very thankful for everyone's concern but I'm just gonna have to figure it out on my own. 
 I think that Carly becoming a woman is the right thing for her and I just hope that she can be sensitive to Ben's needs as well as her own. 
 Who knew my dad would become a woman at the same time I was becoming a man? 
 This season on  Becoming Us   ... 
 Oh my god. 
 Even though my world's been turned upside down... 
 What are you doing? 
 I've still got my friends. 
 And we're all trying to figure out these changes together. 
 Have you kissed my daughter? 
 That's my cue. Thank you so much for dinner. 
 That whole concept of building a v*g1n*. 
 Oh my god, I want to look it up. 
 Let me see your eye. 
 Dad, it goes the other way, what are you doing? 
 But when life is this complicated, things aren't always easy. 
 I'm not gonna have a dad, I'm gonna have this stranger in my life. 
 You really don't want her at the wedding? 
 What straight guy is gonna date me? 
 Okay, everyone stop. 
 We won't see eye to eye, we're never gonna agree. 
 So we're breaking up? 
 Oh my god. 
 It's not supposed to be like this. 
 Ben is freaking out. 
 To family. 
 [Together] To family. 
 My family's life has taken some pretty crazy turns. 
 I'm so happy for you. 
 Thank you, mommy. I love you so much. 
 But it's a journey that we're taking together. 
 I love you. 
 I'm a beautiful woman and my insides are beginning to match my outsides for the first time in my life. 
 I love you. 
 I love you. 
 And who knows where we'll end up. 
 [Music playing] 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 