Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x06 - #LoveHurts - Becoming Us 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x06 - #LoveHurts https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=329&t=19487 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 07/14/15 09:41 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x06 - #LoveHurts 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on  Becoming Us...  
 Remember how I was like, "let's make some T-shirts?" 
 It's a silk screening kit. My hands are green. 
 You were always special and I love you very much. 
 I love you too. 
 It's not really my place to fully participate in her wedding, like a mom normally would. 
 You're looking good tonight. 
 Thank you. 
 No, I was talking to the food. 
 You've been distancing yourself from everybody. 
 That's the goal. 
 I don't want to feel like I need a guy in my life. 
 I'm Ben, I'm 16 years old and I'm a junior in high school. 
 I grew up with loving parents, I have an amazing sister and I have an awesome girlfriend named Danielle. 
 If I fall, you're always there to pick me up. 
 I've got your back. 
 I thought I knew exactly where my life was headed until she came along. 
 Her name is Carly and Carly was my dad. 
 What now? 
 [Theme music playing] 
 [Music playing] 
 Is that something you're working on with Ronnie? 
 Huh? 
 Or is that just something you're just doing? 
 Just something I'm doing. 
 So how's life, what's up? Where have you been hiding out? 
 You haven't been over here in too long, why is that? 
 I mean, since, I don't know, just been doing a lot of photography and... 
 You don't come enough. 
 Don't make me feel guilty about it. 
 That's what moms do. 
 I know. 
 No they don't. But I love you and want you to be here. 
 Well they do at times. 
 You know? 
 Yeah I know. 
 Okay. 
 You were a 16 year old guy once, like... 
 You know I was, what's up? 
 I need some help with some relationship stuff. 
 Okay, girls. 
 Did you ever date? 
 There was one girl I dated, god who was that? 
 Because we used to shack up in the cornfields in the car. 
 Doesn't sound too bad. 
 No it wasn't too bad. 
 Oh no, oh that's who it was, it was Cindy, oh my god. 
 I think she may have broke up with me. 
 But we were definitely totally in love. 
 God, I totally forgot. That's like a lot of memories I've forgotten by now, but... 
 Okay, relationships. What's up, you and Danielle? 
 Yeah, we're just, I don't know. 
 I'm at like that "I don't know" phase of like, I don't really know what to do with her anymore. 
 What does that mean? 
 I'm just trying to figure out what I'm gonna do. 
 Like, I love her as a friend, you know? 
 It's just like, it's the same thing every weekend now and it's just really old, I guess. 
 Sounds bad but I don't like, I don't mean it. 
 Not at 16. 
 Yeah I know, not at 16. 
 Sounds pretty normal. 
 Do you like... do you mean how much do you like her? 
 Do you have to keep hanging out with her? 
 I like her, I just, I don't want to kick her out of my life but I just don't know if I want to be in a relationship anymore, you know what I mean? 
 That's okay. 
 Yeah, totally. You're 16 years old. 
 Yeah. What should I do, like... It's scary. 
 No, why's it scary? 
 It's just like, you never know how the other person is gonna react, you know? 
 True. 
 We've been through a lot so I don't want to boot her. 
 Totally. You guys have a lot in common. 
 Yeah. 
 Yeah, you definitely want her on your side. 
 A lot in common. 
 Yeah. Just be honest, I mean you like her, you want to stay friends, it's important to stay friends, you need her in your life, you want her in your life, but just not as a romantic interest. 
 Yeah. 
 So when are you thinking you're gonna talk to her? 
 I don't know. 
 Don't put it off. The longer you wait, the harder it's gonna be. 
 Hmm. 
 I've been working on this final all day, I'm starving. 
 So what's on the menu? It looks like we're having apple slices with what, soup? 
 I'm sorry that all that's for dinner is soup and apples and fruit. 
 I like how you said you went grocery shopping yesterday and we're, we have this whole two-course meal of fruit and... 
 You guys only gave me like an hour to cook. 
 She's doing something nice for you. 
 I mean, cooking for us is kind of cool. 
 I'm not gonna be too mean when she's got the biggest knife in the house. 
 Brook and I fight all the time, normally there's something I can do to kind of cheer her up or make her smile, but lately there's nothing I can do to make her happy. 
 Very frustrating. 
 Do you need help slicing some apples? 
 No, I don't need help. 
 What can I do to help, because I'm hungry and I just want this food on the table as quick as possible. 
 You can cook for once. 
 Cook what? What do you need help with? Tell me. 
 Nothing, I'm doing everything. 
 How do you want me to help out when you don't tell me what to do. 
 Just tell me what to do and I'll help out. 
 How about next time you can buy groceries? 
 I will, I'll be happy to do that. 
 Great. And you need to help with the chores around this house. You take out the trash and do the dishes, cleaning up the bathroom, because I think it's you that's leaving all the hair. 
 We all have hair, come on. 
 Barely have any hair on your face. 
 We all have hair, we all have hair. 
 I'm sorry. 
 Alright. 
 I don't know why Ayton and I fight so much, I guess it's because I grew up with a lot of bad relationships happening around me, so I have a lot to learn. 
 [Music playing] 
 Hi. 
 Hi. Packing. 
 Are you packing? 
 Yes, I'm using Ben's suitcase. 
 So our flight tomorrow is at... to New York is at nine? 
 Yeah, yeah, so we'll have to get up around six. 
 I'm really looking forward to getting out of here for a while. 
 It makes it real. 
 Next step. 
 I mean, this made it pretty real but... 
 No. This is like the next... 
 Yeah. 
 Taking it up a notch. 
 I know. I can't wait to see Kevin. 
 I miss him. 
 Kevin. Do you miss him? 
 Of course I miss him. 
 You guys talk everyday, right? 
 Oh yeah. 
 Yeah. 
 Every single day, multiple times a day. 
 Yeah? 
 It's like, "ring, ring, ring. 
 Hey, I just wanted to hear your voice." 
 I wonder if you'll do that forever. 
 Probably. Wait a second, honestly, you're like the only woman I know who travels to New York City with the smallest, tiniest backpack I've ever seen in my life. 
 I don't need much. 
 Yeah I have two bags that are like, could eat your bag alive. 
 And one of them's just shoes. 
 That's how I roll, baby. 
 No you don't roll. 
 I got it down. 
 No, I'm just kidding. You do roll, actually. 
 Yeah. 
 [Music playing] 
 So at the engagement party, I saw, I'm not gonna say I saw a lot of it, but I did see some tension. Something with Danielle. 
 Yeah, yeah. I noticed it but there was this... 
 You could feel it. 
 Yeah, I could feel it. 
 It was in the air. Just like, some awkwardness. 
 Yeah, basically just awkwardness and weirdness. 
 But we still enjoy each other's company. 
 Yeah. 
 We've been good friends for like, a long time. So... 
 Just letting you know, if there's like, any extra drama in that friendship, that it's okay to take a step back from it. 
 You right, you know that? Okay? 
 I've done that before. 
 You have? Good. 
 I've had to just chill out, take a chill pill. 
 The main thing that I'm worried about is that I just don't want to hurt Danielle, you know what I mean? 
 For sure. 
 And that like, that would just be tragedy for me and her, because I would just feel so bad. 
 Just let her know. 
 I will. 
 [Music] 
 I don't think we have to press a button. 
 Oh wow. 
 Welcome to the sky deck. 
 You're on your way to the top of the tallest building in the Western hemisphere. 
 Oh god, my eyeballs hurt. 
 Your trip to the sky deck will only take about a minute. 
 That means your elevator is traveling at a speed of more than 24 feet per second. 
 I've got ants in my ears. 
 This hurts. 
 Now we're here, 103 stories up. 
 Welcome to the top. 
 You scared? 
 Wow. 
 I'm so scared. 
 Why don't you... why don't you step on out here? 
 Ben, why are you always... 
 Why don't you step on out here, come on. 
 Because I'm scared of heights. 
 Crazy. It's scary but it's okay. 
 I'm not about this. 
 Come on, it's fine. 
 No it's not, it's scary. 
 Everything looks like a whole bunch of like, hot wheels from here. 
 Yes it does. 
 I want to be like Godzilla and eat 'em all. 
 Mmm. 
 So you conquered your fear of heights? 
 Oh god, it's awkward. 
 What the hell? 
 Let me get some pictures of you two. 
 You watch out, you two. 
 Alright, you ready? 
 Just act like brother and sister. 
 Be happy. 
 Back up two feet. There we go, there we go. 
 That's it. 
 What is he doing? 
 Are you taking a picture of their butts? 
 I walk over to him and he's like, "look what I just did." 
 I was trying to see if I got a text message. 
 Jerk. I feel extremely disrespected. 
 He's taking pictures of another girl's butt, how am I supposed to feel? 
 What just happened? 
 [Music playing] 
 Guys, welcome and say congratulations on your very important day. 
 This is the final presentation of each dish. 
 The first dish we're gonna serve is gonna be wild field greens with balsamic. 
 Yay. 
 Oh I'm so excited. 
 Thank you. 
 Enjoy. 
 I'm happy we chose what we did. 
 Our family's kind of meat and potatoes people, so... 
 My mother will be the first one to say that, you know... 
 "Just as long as they have my chicken." 
 Excellent, we'll have the chicken. 
 This is delicious. 
 Okay, excellent. 
 So we want to make sure everybody's happy with the same thing. 
 Mm hmm. 
 Which is always a difficult thing to do. 
 Yeah, right? Make everybody happy. 
 Because we have my mother. 
 Yes. And now, French breast of chicken and then steak with semi-glaze sauce. 
 Thank you. 
 Oh my goodness. 
 So this is the presentation, this is exactly how it's gonna look. 
 It's beautiful. 
 Oh I get my own. 
 Go? 
 Yes. 
 I'm like, "should I do it?" 
 Like looking at this, like, my mother... 
 She's gonna be very excited? 
 She's gonna be very happy? 
 Yeah, but like, she's... 
 Traditional is the way to put it. 
 The food is so good, you can taste that it's really special. 
 I'm gonna move over here. 
 You're not even done chewing the other one. 
 I'm gonna move onto the steak these days. 
 I love the food. 
 It looks great. 
 I'm glad you guys like it. 
 Our guests will love it. 
 So cheers. 
 Thank you. 
 You're gonna have a great time, I promise. 
 Thank you. 
 I'm gonna keep eating. 
 I don't mind. 
 Absolutely. 
 [Music playing] 
 So cute. 
 Look, we have so many selfies together on my wall. 
 Look at that one. 
 These are pretty cute. 
 I like that one, that one's my favorite. 
 Wait, we got the one with Joe over there. 
 Look at your face in that picture. 
 That was not a good hairdo. 
 Oh thanks. 
 Sorry. We both went through... remember Yeah, I know. 
 That one phase where I was like, I was like an emo girl with my hair layered and all this stuff? 
 I always thought you were so cool, to be honest. 
 Alright, cool. Ben just posted this picture with Ayton, Brook and Lathan and like, I guess they were hanging out last night, when we were supposed to be hanging out, and I guess he blew me off. 
 Like, alright, awesome. 
 Again? 
 It makes me feel really awesome, you know? 
 Yeah. 
 Yeah. He's such a jerk, okay. 
 Why does he do that? Because that is honestly, that happens so much. 
 Because I don't know, he said he was busy and I guess he wasn't busy, you know? 
 Like, he like, lied to me but then still hung out with somebody and then posted a picture about it. 
 Like, is that not connecting in his head that that's like, an awful thing to do? 
 Yeah. 
 I don't know. 
 This is like, coming from the weird part of me that's almost like petty like, high school girl, but not exactly. 
 It's so hard for me to care. 
 Dude, just admit it, you're a petty high school girl just like the rest of us. 
 I'm so not. 
 This has happened so many times. 
 Have you... have you talked to him about this or like, what? 
 Honestly, he's really bad with his phone and like, that's his excuse. But honestly I feel like he just doesn't want to talk. 
 I don't know, you deserve a guy that doesn't just, you know, tell you one thing and then does something else, that's not cool at all. 
 I know. 
 Like, you deserve so much better than that. 
 I feel like, like you know before, I didn't really think I deserved any better. 
 If that made... if that makes sense, but like now I feel... 
 Yeah. 
 Like, I want a cute, artsy guy that's tall and does art and paints and draws and is super nice and stuff. 
 Well no, like more than that, it's just like, civil, you know? 
 Yeah no, I want a guy that like, pays attention to like, me, you know? 
 Like that actually wants to talk and discuss things and... 
 Yeah, yeah, you deserve so much better than that. 
 It's like, I don't really see Ben in my future. 
 [Music playing] 
 Brook never came home last night and I don't know, I can't handle her mood swings, she's been getting weird lately and I don't know how much longer this is going on. 
 Hey. 
 How's it going? 
 Okay. Alright. 
 Nice doodle. 
 Thanks. 
 I want this relationship to work but we're just not on the same page. 
 I am just tired of fighting, I've had it. 
 I feel like this relationship isn't going where it needs to go. 
 Where does it need to go? 
 Well, it doesn't seem like you want to date me because you have no respect for me. 
 Clearly you aren't happy with me, so go be with whoever you want to be with that makes you happy. Go hang out with whoever you want to hang out with, go... go wherever you want to be. 
 I don't feel like I'm getting any respect because you took a picture of somebody else's butt, and I didn't get an apology even though I felt hurt. 
 It's a Snapchat it disappears. 
 Girls butts too. Great. 
 But still, it hurt me. 
 You want to be treated better is now treating me like... 
 I'm not gonna be made to look like the bad guy. 
 I know what you want, you want to end this, so let's end this. 
 Alright, let's end it. 
 It was nice. 
 Was it? 
 You want to leave, you want to get out of here, then feel free. 
 Alright. 
 Oh my god. 
 Sutton, I want to show you something. 
 What is that? 
 Back in 1956. 
 Mm hmm. 
 I was engaged to someone else and so Ron saved me. 
 And one of the enticements was, "how would you like to get on a sailboat and crew across the ocean for six months and back?" 
 Kevin is my soul mate and my partner in life. 
 And I felt like I had a really good example of that with my grandparents. 
 This is the boat we were on for six months. 
 And we did everything, we were the crew, we were four hours on, four hours off. 
 Your papa made this out of a big chunk of wood. 
 Wait, he actually made that... he made that while you guys were sailing? 
 Yes, yes. He appeared one day with this chunk of wood and said, "I've got to do something." It was quite an adventure. 
 And we've been married 58 years. It was worth every minute. 
 Yeah. I just have always been trying to find my Ron and Syd relationship. 
 Yeah, yeah. 
 And I found it. 
 I think you did. 
 I did. 
 I really do. 
 I can just tell. 
 Absolutely. 
 And you went ahead and you followed your heart just like I did. And look, it worked out to be so good and so wonderful. 
 Give me some advice and some words of wisdom to last 58 years like you guys. 
 Just keep loving each other, yeah. 
 We will. 
 Yeah. 
 Thank you for being such a good example for us. 
 The best granddaughter ever. 
 I love you so much. I love you too. 
 [Music playing] 
 What up? 
 What up man? 
 How are you? 
 Just another day in break-up ville. 
 It's not going well, man. It's... it's tough. 
 What happened, like? 
 She was just like trying to say it was my fault and try to blame me and trying to say this relationship doesn't work because of you and everything's your fault. 
 And I'm just like, "relationships are two people." 
 Like, I'm trying to outweigh the good versus the bad. 
 It's just not worth, it's not worth it though. 
 And I just feel like it sucks, maybe it's time to go because maybe there is just way more bad than good. 
 It's just time to move on, let it go. 
 Just let it go, for real. 
 Now we have to make some T-shirts. 
 Since we're gonna be dealing with some messy, toxic chemicals, I brought some aprons from home. 
 You have your choice, which... which one do you prefer? 
 Snowman. Snowman. 
 Frosty the snowman? 
 Alright so I'm gonna be... 
 You're the baker. 
 I'm gonna be the baker. 
 Yeah. 
 My love life sucks but at least I'm determined to do well with my clothing line and make a bunch of money. 
 Put this here, that's good. 
 We got the light. Got it? Whoa. 
 I don't really see anything but it's doing something. 
 You ready to slap some ink on this? 
 Just a thin line. Alright, that's perfect. 
 So we got to go... 
 This is the moment of truth, man. 
 Let's lift it up and see it, are you nervous? 
 Yeah. 
 That looks like something. Wooo. 
 That looks like something. 
 That looks pretty cool, I'm not even gonna lie. 
 It's not the clearest image but we made this and I'm proud of this. 
 Like, we're in business man, we have something here. 
 We did it, boom. 
 Yeah baby, we made it. 
 We made it. 
 
 
 
 [Music playing] 
 Here we are. 
 Cute. 
 Here we are. 
 Thanks for coming in. 
 How are you? 
 What can I help you with? 
 I'm getting married. 
 Oh nice. 
 Soon. 
 And I was just curious what kind of flower arrangements you guys did and you know, if you guys could help me out and I could look at some things and... 
 Yeah, of course. Well I have some stuff here. 
 Some hot pink roses to go with your pink theme. 
 Oh my gosh, what is this? 
 This is a nice heart's rose. 
 That's amazing. 
 We also have some pink ranunculus back here. 
 Those are so pretty. 
 So many options. 
 This one is beautiful. 
 These are good for bouquets. 
 Oh I love that. This is awesome. 
 I can grab some other options for you. 
 Thank you so much, Hannah. 
 Thanks. Yeah. 
 Look at how pretty. 
 Can you even believe we're doing this right now? 
 No. What do you think? 
 I love this guy. 
 Yeah? Well, not to stress you out... 
 Yeah. 
 I'm very torn about even saying anything, just because, you know, it's your day and it's supposed to be your time and... 
 It's okay. 
 I'm nervous about Carly. 
 I know. 
 So... I don't know, let's... let's make sure that we don't sit next to each other at the ceremony and... 
 Uh huh. I can do that. 
 Keep space between us at the... at dinner. 
 I can do that. 
 And then I'll have a couple glasses of champagne and everything will be fine. 
 Exactly. It'll be a party. I just, you know, it's so funny because everybody kind of goes through this with divorced families. 
 Right. That delicate... 
 Yeah, like who should be there and who shouldn't be there... 
 Right. Right. 
 And what's appropriate. 
 It's hard, isn't it? 
 And making sure that you don't... Yeah, it is hard. 
 Well I'm sorry, I didn't... I don't want to... 
 I don't want to add anything to your mountain of... 
 It's okay. No. 
 Of flowers and delight and love and happiness? 
 It's okay. 
 Yeah. 
 I can figure it out. 
 That's why I love you, baby. 
 You know I love you, Mom. 
 [Music playing] 
 So you nervous? 
 Yeah man, I'm... I don't remember the guy's name, I think it's Ross, but... 
 How do we agree upon like, even what to charge for them? 
 I don't know. 
 I don't know, I'm kind of nervous. Oh man. 
 Oh man. 
 Hello, how are you guys? 
 Good. Are you Ross? 
 Yeah. 
 How's it going, Ross? 
 I'm Ayton. Ayton, pleased to meet you. 
 This is my buddy, Ben. 
 What up? Nice to meet you. 
 How are you? What's going on, guys? 
 I called yesterday about a T-shirt design that I wanted to bring over. 
 Okay. Yeah, what you guys got? 
 Well, this is our transparency, I'll show you that first. 
 Okay, okay. Well do you have any actual T-shirts, or what you got? 
 Our initial T-shirt. 
 Yeah, that's... it's very amateur-looking. 
 It looks like, like an art class piece or something from high school, you know? 
 Like, just kind of looks like you guys made this at home. 
 We're kind of just starting out, basically. 
 I mean, I wouldn't bring this out and show it to potential retailers until you feel like you actually have a finished product to show, you know what I mean? 
 It's just not giving a good first impression. 
 We'll do a little bit of homework and we'll come back with that. 
 Cool. Take care, guys. 
 Alright. 
 [Music playing] 
 So that just happened. 
 Man, I just expected this to go a little better. 
 Like, I don't know, I feel like I asked a really hot girl out and she said "no" and I'm just like, "oh no." 
 I just got embarrassed. 
 Hey what do you feel about these type of socks? 
 Like, wearing them with like, converse or something? 
 With converse? 
 Yeah, I don't know. 
 Well I always see people wearing them with like, combat boots and stuff. 
 What did you wear to Ben's sister's like, engagement party? 
 Dude. 
 What? 
 Ben just texted me and he was like, "meet me at the Adler Planetarium this weekend." 
 Like, okay. 
 You're just gonna drive all the way out there? 
 I'm just gonna drive all the way out there just for you, Ben, just for you. 
 Does that worry you then? 
 Because it's such a random place to... 
 I don't know, the thing is that like, I'm not worried about it, if that makes sense. 
 Like, like every single time I'm with him, it feels like we're not dating anymore, you know? 
 How do I answer this text message? 
 You can answer it. What should we say? 
 Just be like, "yeah, sure, why?" 
 If he wants to talk to you, why can't he just meet you somewhere closer? 
 He never makes the attempt to like, meet me halfway for like, distance. 
 And it's really annoying because he's like, "oh, you have a car," and I'm like, "yeah but I don't even have money for gas," like... 
 Should I say that? Like, "oh, it's so far." 
 Well no, maybe it'll be fun, I don't know. 
 Maybe it'll just be a good time at the planetarium. 
 I don't know, should I be worried for you? 
 No, it doesn't matter. I can be a strong, independent young lady without a boyfriend and just have like, my good friends. 
 Okay. 
 "We need to talk." 
 "Lol." 
 Ooh. 
 No, you need to talk to me. 
 Should I say that? 
 Yeah. 
 Or should I... 
 Just be like, "yeah, well you need to talk to me because I have stuff to tell you." 
 Because clearly... 
 Or should you just say, "k"? 
 No, just be like... 
 Be like passive-aggressive, "k". 
 Or no, just be like, "no, I have stuff to... " 
 "Whatever, well I need to tell you... " 
 "Whatever, I need to tell you stuff too." 
 Yes or no? 
 Yeah. 
 Yeah? 
 I don't know. 
 How do you want to play this? 
 We just need to be sassy, I need to be like, I'm dominant in this situation. 
 Should I say, "whatever, dude."? 
 Yeah, "whatever, dude." Send it. 
 I have stuff to say too. 
 Send it. 
 Alright, cool. 
 Get that beat going, get that beat going. 
 Alright, you ready for this rap? 
 All of you are in it, except for you guys, you're not in it. 
 ♪ I'm skinny, yeah I'm way thin ♪ 
♪ and to my right it's Lathan and I'm Ayton ♪ 
♪ not Ay-tin and there is bro, to the ok ♪ 
♪ I'm rapping on the train like no way ♪ 
♪ but that ain't Jose, it's Ben ♪ 
♪ he who never belittles men ♪ 
♪ I'm old school like writing with a feather pen ♪ 
♪ or next to candlelight, but I'm too bright ♪ 
♪ I'm done, what you wanna do tonight? ♪ 
 Like really, what do you wanna do tonight? 
 Ayton, I love you but you cannot have every talent, sorry. 
 You're so off-beat. You're so... 
 [Music playing] 
 How are we doing on our guest list and everything like that? 
 We're at like 98 right now. 
 Okay, good. 
 Yeah, it's not bad. 
 That's great. 
 That's good. 
 Yeah. 
 I mean, because we wanted it to be intimate, so then it'll be, you know, not so many people. 
 I agree, good. 
 I'm stressing out a little bit. 
 Yep. 
 I just, you know, I want my mom to feel comfortable and I'm looking at this as defense for my mom. 
 There's a part of me thinking to myself, do I even want Carly to be there? 
 It feels like this... this thing, that instead of worrying about everything I'm supposed to be worrying about like the flowers and the champagne and all of this stuff, I'm worrying about Carly. 
 And then watching my mother worry about Carly. 
 You really don't want her at the wedding? 
 Oh my god, Sutton, she has to be there. 
 But he wasn't my dad. 
 She feels ownership in, like there's, like part of who you are is be... because of Carly. 
 Do you feel like we can invite Carly? 
 Can we... alright, okay, okay. 
 Can we just... can we just think on it tonight and... 
 Yeah, I'll think about it. 
 And, and... 
 It just makes me mad. 
 Before we ax Carly from the wedding list, let us really think about this first. 
 Let's just see how we feel. 
 Okay. 
 Thank you for listening to me. 
 Of course. Thank you for listening to me. 
 Stop. 
 Come on. I'm hungry. Let's go. 
 [Music playing] 
 Hello. 
 Hello. 
 Glad you could make it. 
 I wanted to invite you here to talk to you about what's going on. 
 I... I miss you. 
 I miss you. 
 It's been weird not talking to you for two days. 
 I've been up probably like, 2, 3 o'clock in the morning every night, just freaking out. 
 What's going on? What do I want? 
 What does she want? 
 It's weird. 
 We've came close to breaking up before but two days ago was the most real fight, or the most real "what the hell is going on" because I don't know. After that argument, I didn't know what I wanted to do. 
 Being without you for two days made me definitely want you. 
 But being without you for two days also made me happy. 
 Me too. 
 And it's a bittersweet happiness. 
 It's... it's, "damn, she's gone," but is this temporary, or is this for good? 
 I actually want to know what you want. 
 It's tough to say I just want you as a friend because I'm always gonna want more than that. 
 It's tough to say I want you as a girlfriend because I don't know if I do. 
 I don't feel like you've been happy with me. 
 And I'm not saying you should go date someone else. 
 I'm not happy at all. 
 And I'm not saying I should go date someone else, because I'm not even sure what I want. 
 I have to spend twice my emotional energy to make sure you're happy and then I'm less happy than I was before because I'm just like, "man, I just... I just gave so much energy and so much emotion to somebody else," and now it's like, what am I supposed to feel? 
 I don't mean to be so sad. 
 It's okay to be sad. But if there's no reason, then it's messed up when you're sad. 
 I just want to make sure that you can get help, that you can have someone to talk to, that it... you might need more people that support you. 
 Because if I'm the only person you can cry on my shoulder, then you're gonna rely on me. 
 Yeah. 
 I just want you to be happy, you need to be happy with yourself. 
 I agree. 
 I think we should do what we need to do to make ourselves stronger. 
 I want you to get yourself back to the Brook that I fell in love with. The happy Brook, the funny Brook. 
 I love you. 
 I love you. 
 You're always gonna be in my life, no matter what. 
 I hope so. 
 I really hope so. 
 [Music playing] 
 Hey kiddo. Where you going? 
 I'm going to meet Ben. 
 Where? 
 He like, wants me to go meet him at the planetarium, Downtown Chicago today and I'm just, don't really want to. 
 You don't? Why do you say that? 
 He's being annoying. 
 Is he? 
 Yeah. 
 Why is he being annoying? 
 He's being really wishy-washy and he like, won't tell me what he wants, like I don't know if we're like, dating or if we're not dating, or like, what he wants. 
 And it's really irritating. 
 It is? 
 Yeah. 
 I just wish he would be honest with like, you know, how he feels. 
 You just want to know something. 
 He just... we don't have to be dating. 
 I mean, have you told him this? 
 No. 
 You haven't? 
 Well I mean... 
 Well if you're expecting him to... to come to terms... 
 Well, Dad, it's just... 
 Are you gonna talk about this today with him? 
 I mean, probably. I mean, if, whatever Dad. 
 I need... father dearest, I need some gas money. 
 What happened to the money I gave you yesterday? 
 How much? How much you need? 
 Just like, $10 or something. 
 This is probably the last bit of money I have in my wallet but here. 
 Thanks. 
 Just drive careful, okay? 
 Yeah. I love you. 
 Okay. 
 Oh no. 
 Dad, my sweater. 
 I'm hooked. 
 Dad, my sweater. 
 Oh I'm sorry. 
 Dad. 
 We'll fix it. Come here. 
 Dad, no. 
 Come here. 
 No, Dad, Dad, Dad, you cause too much. 
 Oh boy. 
 [Music] 
 Have you ever been here before? 
 Yeah. 
 I haven't. It's pretty crazy. 
 Dude, that would suck. What if you fell into that? 
 Would you want to fall in there? 
 I sure as hell wouldn't want to fall in there. 
 That's a big, big, big, big, big thing. 
 Clearly we're not the only thing on this earth. 
 It's creepy but pretty cool. 
 Do some pretty cool stuff. 
 Yeah, it's pretty cool. 
 I mean, I don't really know if it was worth driving all the way out here for, but... 
 I mean, it's pretty empty. 
 So, so what's up with you? 
 Why are you all down and out? 
 I mean, you're kind of pissing me off a little bit. 
 Why? 
 Because you're just like, every single time you talk to me, it's because you have an issue going on, and like, I'm only there for like, support. 
 And I just, I don't know, it's kind of... it's kind of annoying. 
 I'm kind of like, sick and tired of just like, everything just being like, Ben world, you know? 
 So is it like I'm emotionally attached onto you? 
 No, it's just... 
 And I always come to you for help. 
 Everything's just like, always seems to be about you. 
 Like, it's just kind of annoying. 
 I mean, I mean, I go to you with my problems, just because that's what you do in a relationship. 
 I know, but like... 
 And then I would always be willing to help you, you know? 
 I don't know. To be honest, like, I don't really like, know if everything's like, okay right now between us. 
 Yeah, just because... 
 I'm just so stressed right now. 
 Mm hmm. 
 And like, I don't know if I really need a relationship. 
 You know, like, I'm going to college. 
 Like, I just feel like I'm just like a little bit... 
 You're busy? 
 No, I just feel like I'm like, more mature than you. 
 No offense, I think that you just have a lot of like, stuff to learn about yourself. 
 I have a lot of problems. 
 And I don't think you have everything figured out and it kind of is like, it's kind of a little bit irritating, I'm not gonna lie. 
 I mean, the only reason why I don't have everything figured out is because things keep happening. 
 Well I mean, I think that you need to realize that you have it a lot nicer than you think you do. 
 It's just like the whole relationship is really stressing me out and... Because it's like, I hardly ever get to see you and stuff like that. 
 I kind of just feel like we're two friends that just complain about stuff like, a lot. 
 And I haven't been open with you about a lot of things. 
 Like, I feel like if I talk to you, then I'm just like, adding more problems to like, the problems you already have. So... 
 So it's like a relationship on top of that is just way too hard. 
 Well I mean, at this... I think we're both spreading ourselves way too thin and that we can't handle a relationship. 
 I think we're both in the same place. 
 Right. 
 So are we breaking up? 
 Yes. 
 Yeah. 
 This is the right thing to do, but at the same time, I think it's gonna be kind of hard. 
 Oh yeah. I mean, we've been together for what, six, seven months? 
 Like a year. Yeah. 
 Where have I been? 
 Yeah. 
 Alright. Yeah. 
 Yeah. 
 Alright, well where do we go from here? 
 I mean, I think that we should take some time to just be like, apart from each other so we can kind of like, get over the whole breakup thing. 
 [Music playing] 
 I'm gonna miss you. 
 I'm gonna miss you too. 
 This is kind of awkward now. 
 Yeah. 
 Should we go? 
 Yeah, I'm tired or looking at these microscope pictures. 
 Yeah. 
 It's totally a bee and I'm scared of bees. 
 [Music playing] 
 Breakups, they just... they just kind of suck. 
 I mean, no matter who's breaking up with who, it's a relationship coming to an end. 
 Endings are hard. 
 I think I'm still always gonna be close to him, no matter what. 
 Even if that means we're dating, if we're not dating. 
 Like, I'm always gonna be there for him, he's always gonna be here for me and I think that's just how it's gonna work. 
 I feel like mixed emotions, I'm sad, I'm happy, I'm not happy, I'm not sad. 
 I don't know. 
 Life is complicated. 
 But hey, not every ending is a failure, I mean, some are but some endings, even the painful ones are just a chance at a new beginning. 
 When a girl smells that you're going to break up with her, she breaks up with you first. 
 Yeah. 
 She moves on. 
 What's done is done. 
 He can't let go. 
 It's not fair to me, you know? 
 And Carly lays bare a secret no one imagined. 
 That changed my life. 
 All-new "becoming us" at its new time. 
 Next Monday, 10/9 central, ABC Family. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 