Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 03x13 - How Conrad Gets His Groove Back - The Resident 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 03x13 - How Conrad Gets His Groove Back https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=1010&t=42238 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/11/21 08:37 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 03x13 - How Conrad Gets His Groove Back 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on The Resident... You're fired. 
 You're afraid of me. 
 And you should be. 
 Security will escort you out. 
 If my sister has a child, then that child becomes my family, too. 
 Are you saying you'll be my baby's godmother? 
 You said yes? All right, so what's your plan if Adaku's baby becomes your responsibility? 
 I don't have one. 
 There was a learning curve, but I mastered it. 
 Why don't you come over to our place later? 
 Uh, not tonight. 
 I'm tired. 
 A little time alone with my thoughts. 
 This incredible woman had the ability to save a life right in front of me. And I knew, in that moment, that I wanted to be a person who could jump out of the car to help people. 
 So that's what I do. 
 Methodist Memorial went with someone else. 
 Apparently they checked in with my last employer. 
 Red Rock has gotten you blacklisted from every hospital in Atlanta. 
 I want to practice medicine, I'll have to find work out of town. 
 Have a long-distance relationship or give up being a doctor. This is what it's come to? 
 No, it hasn't. 
 We're gonna figure this out. 
 You should go, you're gonna be late. 
 Eh... 
 You have any idea why Reggie wanted to see you? 
 No, he just said to meet him at the Georgia FC practice field. 
 Is it bad that I had no idea Atlanta has a soccer team? 
 Yes. 
 But I forgive you. 
 Well, hel-hello, good sir. 
 Some tea and crumpets, perhaps? 
 Ha. Very funny. 
 I need to make a good impression on my new attending. 
 Ah, right, first day in the dual residency program. 
 Internal medicine this week. ER next. 
 And then I go back and forth. 
 A foot in two departments fundamentally at odds. 
 Well, as a dual resident, I can reach across the aisle, help each department see how the other lives. 
 If you say so. 
 But lose the bow tie. 
 You look like a chemistry professor who refuses to hand out As even when they're totally deserved. 
 That was oddly specific. I was really good at chemistry. 
 Fine. You know what? 
 Okay, baby girl. 
 Your bottle is coming right up. 
 ♪ The wheels on the bus go round and round ♪ 
 ♪ Round and round, round and round ♪ 
 ♪ The horn on the bus goes beep, beep, beep ♪ Shh... 
 ♪ The horn on the bus goes beep, beep, beep ♪ 
 ♪ All through the town ♪ 
 ♪ The baby on the bus goes wah, wah, wah ♪ 
 ♪ Wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah ♪ Mm-hmm. ♪ The babies on the bus go wah, wah, wah ♪ 
 ♪ All through the town. ♪ 
 Reggie. Dax. 
 What's good, Conrad? Yeah, good to see you. 
 Good to see you. Good to see you. 
 I want you to meet my mentee, Dax Ramsey. 
 Yeah, rookie out of Memphis. 
 You're supposed to be the next face of the franchise. 
 Yeah. That's the plan. 
 If I can get my injuries under control. 
 Today is Dax's first practice back. 
 He's recovering from a calf injury. Which feels fine, but... what worries me is I get these cramps and injuries from the smallest things. 
 The more conditioning I do, the weaker I seem to get. 
 The team doc, he ran a bunch of tests. 
 Everything came back normal, so he cleared Dax to play. 
 But I keep telling him there's something up with me. 
 But he won't listen, so I asked Reggie if he knew a doctor who could give me a second opinion. 
 And I thought, why not the guy who saved my life in zero G? 
 Yeah, well, I'm happy to take a look at your medical records. 
 That's me. Good looking out. 
 I'll let you know if I find anything. 
 Buckle up. 
 This may just be a practice game, but these boys are about to put on a show. 
 Ball. Box. 
 His footwork's insane. 
 That's why Dax is the best rookie this team's ever had. 
 I need help. 
 All right, I got you, I got you. 
 Oh! Aah! All right. 
 Your ribs are fractured in several places. 
 Your chest wall is unstable. 
 We need to get Dax to a hospital. I'll call 911. 
 Hang in there. 
 Trauma Bay 10. 
 When the paramedics called this in, I wouldn't have guessed you were with them. 
 Yeah, trust me, I didn't expect to be here either. 
 Who's the trauma surgeon on today? Bell. 
 He's already on his way. Correction. He's already here. 
 Hawkins, you care to explain how you ended up here, yet again, with a patient? 
 I was at the practice center when Dax got injured. 
 All right, what do we have? 19-year-old male, blunt trauma to the chest and abdomen. 
 Hypotensive and tachycardic en route. 
 I'm Dr. Feldman, this is Dr. Bell. 
 Do you have any allergies to any medications we should know about? 
 Not that I know of. 
 Nice as it is to see you, Conrad, Logan Kim isn't going to like that you're here. I know. 
 I can't just leave him while he's still in pain. 
 Hey, Conrad? 
 Yeah, I'm here. We're gonna take care of you. 
 I'm a friend of the patient, that's not against hospital policy. 
 Okay, his O2 stats are dropping. We need to intubate him. 
 Chest cavity is full of blood. Get me a chest tube kit. 
 Now, as the friend of the patient, I'm gonna have to ask you to step outside the trauma bay. 
 That is hospital policy. I understand. 
 I'm playing by the rules on this one. 
 Dr. Lee to Infectious Disease. 
 Hey, Dad. I was just on my way out. 
 Where are you? I'll pick you up. 
 You're where? 
 It's fine. I'm fine. 
 You're not fine. You got arrested. 
 You see any handcuffs? I'm okay. 
 Can we just please go? 
 What the hell happened? You got into a fight? 
 It was schoolyard stuff. Between two grown men? 
 Well, he threw the first punch. 
 The police agree that I'm innocent, so they released me. 
 Who were you fighting? This guy, he bought my car. 
 He had buyer's remorse, he thought I'd take it back. 
 And then he made fun of my hat. Wait, you-you sold your car? 
 You've had that car for 20 years. 
 Nic, nothing lasts forever. 
 Dad. 
 I'm worried about you. 
 Yes, look... Okay, I've been a-a little down lately. 
 But who doesn't hit a rough patch every now and then? 
 I'm fine. 
 I promise. 
 Well, the repeat cultures are negative. 
 Plus no fever in two days. 
 Which means your infection is clearing. 
 So I finally get to hold my baby? 
 Yes, indeed. 
 However, the results happen to be so good that... 
 We can discharge you and send you home with oral antibiotics. 
 Yes! Ah... 
 Thank you both so much for everything. 
 You got it. I can't wait to have Michelle in my arms and finally to be able to get out of here. Mm-hmm. 
 Do you think she'll know who I am? 
 I'm sure she'll know by the love you give her. 
 Look at how cute she is. Yeah. 
 As my admitting resident, you are gatekeeper to the medicine floor. 
 And when I say "gatekeeper", I mean you are to be a blocking machine. 
 Mrs. Allen, 68-year-old female with alcoholic pancreatitis. 
 Know what went wrong here? 
 She binged on alcohol and gave herself pancreatitis? 
 Wrong. The ER were too slow giving her a benzo, so now we're stuck chasing her withdrawal symptoms. 
 That's not entirely fair. The ER is always... 
 Mr. Hopper, 80-year-old man. 
 Fell in his home, sprained his hip. 
 Care to guess the mistake? 
 He's an elderly man who lives alone and he needs discharge planning. Which could have been done while he was waiting in the ER. Instead, he's taking up one of our beds, waiting for a placement. 
 I could go on, but the trend is clear. 
 We're accepting patients from the ER that don't belong here. 
 Look, I agree that these patients in particular could have been managed better, but most of the patients on this floor do need to be here. 
 I know you're not a pure medicine resident, that you've been tainted by habits you learned in the ER. 
 I wouldn't say that... But you're on this team now. 
 So, what are you going to be? 
 A blocking machine. 
 A blocking... machine. 
 Dr. Hawkins... this is Bill Landry, owner of Georgia FC. 
 Son, I have a team of top doctors from St. John's who take care of my players. 
 I don't know who you are or why you were on my field. 
 Why exactly did you poach a patient from St. John's and bring him here? That's not what happened. 
 I don't care. 
 I want Dax transferred to St. John's immediately. 
 Well, that would be a bad idea. 
 Dax has sustained significant injuries to his chest and his abdomen, leading to multiple broken ribs, lung contusions, lacerations to his spleen. 
 I trust that, when he stabilizes, you'll make that transfer happen as soon as possible. 
 Y-You have my word. 
 And I apologize for the inconvenience. I-I hope... 
 Bill Landry is the richest man in Georgia, and in one morning you have him pissed off at Chastain. 
 You shouldn't have been anywhere near Dax Ramsey to begin with. 
 He asked for a second opinion, so I helped. 
 He's at Chastain now, so your services are no longer required. 
 Treating a patient without hospital privileges is against the law. 
 I'm not treating him. 
 I'm here as a friend. 
 Which gives Dr. Hawkins every right to stay. 
 If you so much as lay a finger on Dax Ramsey, I'll have you thrown out and sued. 
 Wow. You guys already boarding patients in the hallway? 
 One of those days. 
 You here for my admit? First one of the day. 
 Riley, this is Dr. Pravesh. He's gonna do an assessment. 
 Okay. Hey, can I do the thing? 
 The floor is yours. 
 Riley Jackson, 28-year-old female. 
 Five hours of sudden onset nausea and vomiting. 
 Did I get it right? Nailed it. 
 And that's vomiting with a capital "V". 
 I can't even keep crackers down. 
 It's good to meet you, Riley. 
 Uh, can you tell me when all this started? 
 Uh, this morning. 
 I woke up fine, dropped my daughter off at school. 
 And then on the drive back home... 
 Capital "V"? Yeah. 
 Hmm. All over my steering wheel. 
 It was not pretty. 
 Okay. I'm gonna talk to Dr. Feldman and figure out the best way to take care of you, okay? Thank you so much. 
 All right. We'll be right back. Thanks. 
 Hey, this looks like gastroenteritis. 
 This is a soft admit. Yeah... 
 Got you there, Feldman. 
 Give it a few more hours of continuous fluids and meds. 
 Are you seriously blocking this admission? 
 Wow, you've, uh, already become one of them. 
 Stashing a patient in the ER for a couple hours, hoping they somehow cure themselves? 
 Internal medicine's signature move. Look, I can't give Riley a bed that doesn't exist. 
 Between surgical patients and medical patients, a bed isn't available. That's true. 
 They got a lot of surgical patients today. 
 You know, how about you just pick a side, man? Pick a side. 
 Sorry. I like watching you two argue. 
 My therapist says it's because I envy your guys' relationship. 
 Which I do not. 
 Just because you're busy upstairs doesn't mean you get to saddle us with your work. 
 We don't exactly, uh, have spare time down here either. 
 Fine. I'll put in holding orders. 
 But she will have to board in the ER until a bed is available. 
 As long as she's not on my list, you can do whatever you want. 
 Look who's here. 
 Hi. 
 Hi. 
 I'm your mom. 
 And you're the most beautiful thing in the whole world. 
 Put your finger in her palm. 
 Can you grab this? Grab this. 
 Here. 
 Thank you, Mina. 
 For everything. 
 Hi. Hi. 
 You like my finger? 
 Here. 
 Hi. 
 Hi. 
 Oh. Hey, hey. 
 Hey, hey. You don't got to walk me in. 
 Oh, well, I want to take a look at that cut. 
 It could get infected. I-I got bandages and all sorts of antiseptic stuff. 
 I'll be fine. 
 Okay, well, I thought we were gonna spend the day together. 
 You... still want to do that, or... ? 
 Well, yeah. Sure, sure. Yeah, of course. 
 I just, I'd like to clean up and... 
 My place is a mess and, uh... 
 Tell you what, why don't we grab lunch a little later? 
 Sure, yeah. I'll call you in a bit. 
 Were you at least gonna tell me that you were leaving again? 
 No. 
 I thought you were in trouble. 
 I told you I was fine. 
 Things have been so good between us, and you want to throw it all away? Why? 
 S-Settling down, volunteering at Chastain, being an angel, trying to be a good dad to you, it's exhausting. 
 I can't do it anymore. So you're just gonna take off again? 
 Nicky, I burn down every good thing that's ever happened to me. 
 That's who I am. 
 I'm sorry I led you to believe that, even for a second, that I had changed. 
 I... Here. 
 Here, I want you to have this. 
 It's money from the car. 
 I wanted to leave you something f-for the... sh... 
 I-I don't know, for all the, for all the time that you-you wasted on me. 
 Come on, please. Here. 
 But his history is unremarkable. 
 Nothing is jumping out at me. 
 Whoa. If I knew it was you on the other end of the page, I would've rallied the troops, signaled the alarm, called the band... 
 Can you just say it's good to see him and be done with it? 
 Thanks for coming down, Austin. No problem. 
 I see we're hiding out in the conference room. 
 Avoiding Logan Kim, I take it? 
 And the appearance that I'm treating a patient in Chastain. 
 A loophole. I dig it. What's up? 
 Dax Ramsey. He has a chest tube, a lacerated spleen, and multiple pulmonary contusions with hemorrhage. 
 Do you think he'll need surgery? 
 His chest tube is only draining a hundred mils per hour. 
 So we have to wait and watch and hope that his lungs heal itself. 
 If not, I will come in and save the day, but... 
 Taking off my thoracic hat and putting on my trauma fedora... 
 Bell, are you seeing what I'm seeing? Yeah. 
 The injuries are severe for the trauma he took. 
 Uh, we were just getting to that. 
 Is... Any idea why he wanted a second opinion? 
 Yeah, over the years, Dax has suffered more injuries than normal. 
 He thought maybe his team doctor missed something. 
 Yeah, well, I think Dax was onto something. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Dax is crashing. 
 You might want to hang back, bro. 
 Our patient is critical. I can't worry about the rules. 
 Get a crash cart. He's in V fib. 
 His sats are down to the 80s. 
 Hawkins, I need you to do compressions. 
 Do it. Abdomen's soft. 
 There's no blood in his drainage system either. 
 We need to decompress his chest. 
 He's back in sinus tach, but he's still hypotensive. 
 You ready? Get it. 
 Massive hemothorax. 
 We need to get Dax to surgery now. 
 Give me the bag. 
 Let's go. 
 I told you what would happen if I caught you treating a patient. 
 It was compressions. 
 For a patient who would have died otherwise. 
 It's okay. 
 Take care of Dax. Yeah. 
 Well, the lobectomy should keep Dax's bleeding under control. 
 We solved one issue, and another keeps sprouting up. 
 You notice his legs were swollen? Yeah. 
 I also saw what looked like blood in his urine bag. 
 He's in rhabdo. But why exactly is his muscle tissue breaking down? 
 His pH is normal. At least he's not acidotic. 
 You know, maybe it's a mixed picture. 
 Metabolic acidosis plus respiratory alkalosis. 
 What is going on with this kid? 
 You know, the only thing I know for certain is we'll figure it out. 
 No doubt. No, a theory will come to us in a minute. 
 We got this. 
 So it's not coming to us at-at this m-moment. 
 Well, w-we... you know, Bell, we have nothing to prove. 
 You know, you have a bomb-ass supplement line taking off right now. You're a triple-board-certified surgeon. 
 Right? The reality is, we are out of our wheelhouse. 
 Well, that's fair. This is much less of a surgical case and more of a medical... It, uh, is a mystery. 
 There you go. 
 I never thought I'd say these words. 
 Oh, go ahead, say it. 
 One of us has to, Bell. 
 We might need Conrad Hawkins. Now, did that hurt much? 
 Yeah, a little. Okay. 
 Look, he can't come here, so we got to make a house call. 
 So far, we've only been treating the trauma-related injuries. 
 Injuries exacerbated by an underlying, undiagnosed condition. Right. 
 We've seen his records. What do we know? 
 He typically experiences vomiting after strenuous workouts. 
 And most recently, he's been suffering a string of musculoskeletal injuries and now has rhabdo. 
 I know that look. 
 You know, I dig that look. 
 It's been an acquired taste for me. 
 He's not septic. And while the rhabdo alone can cause some elevation in the lactate, it's more than I'd expect. 
 I think we're seeing... 
 Type B lactic acidosis. 
 In plain English, there's something that's preventing Dax from breaking down glucose in the normal way. 
 How do you treat that? 
 Type B lactic acidosis is a symptom of something else. 
 And it's that something that might explain what's been causing all of Dax's injuries in the first place. 
 Well, you guys seem to know what you're doing. 
 Guess it's good that Dax landed here. 
 We only employ the best at Chastain. 
 Thank you. 
 Mm-hmm. You bet. 
 Surgeons usually don't possess such an in-depth knowledge of medical management. 
 Um, well, I'm sorry, last time I checked, you weren't a doctor. 
 Yeah, so why don't you run along and worry about whatever it is you worry about? 
 And you let us focus on saving our patient. 
 Nurse Ingrid, have you checked on Riley Jackson? 
 I don't see her on the floor. 
 I don't know who that is. Is she a medicine patient? 
 I admitted her two hours ago, and we have open beds now. 
 Do you know why she hasn't been brought up? 
 I can tell you, Pravesh. Canceled her admission. 
 I told you to be a blocking machine, but instead you let your friend from ER run over you. 
 No, that's not what happened. I made a compromise to ease the tension between our departments. 
 Who are you, Oprah? 
 Since we haven't checked on her, hopefully the ER has. 
 Riley? 
 Riley? 
 Open your eyes. 
 Pupils dilated, minimally reactive. 
 She's having a stroke. 
 Let's go. 
 Hey, I have a code stroke here. Three. 
 Code stroke, ER Bay Three. 
 Code stroke, ER Bay Three. 
 I need an intubation kit. 
 Draw up 20 of etomidate and 70 of roc. 
 Okay, once we get better access, let's get the portable monitor and get her to CT. She came in with nausea and vomiting. 
 How did this happen? 
 Hey, how is it going with Kyle? 
 Not good. 
 He's leaving Atlanta. 
 Wasn't even gonna tell me. 
 Nic, I'm so sorry. 
 I let my guard down. 
 I let him back into my life. Well... you thought he changed, so did I. 
 I should have known better. 
 I mean, he always bails. 
 He usually tells me some lie as to why it's best. 
 This time, he didn't even bother to lie. He's just... he's just leaving. 
 Bell and Austin know how to reach me. 
 Why don't I pack up, come home, and we turn this horrible day into something else? 
 It's okay. 
 I think I just need some time. 
 Okay. 
 But you call me the second you need anything. 
 I love you. I love you, too. 
 I can't do it anymore. 
 I'm sorry that I led you to believe that-that-that it was different, even for a second. 
 First day on the job as a volunteer. 
 You're all I got, kid. 
 He did lie. 
 I don't think I'm doing it right. 
 Oh, here, let me show you what she likes. Okay. 
 Hey, hey. 
 You know her better than I do. 
 I've been taking care of Michelle. 
 Of course I learned a few tricks along the way. 
 Rhythmically, tap on her back like this. 
 Yeah. 
 Oh, come to Mommy. Yes. 
 Come to Mommy. 
 Oh. 
 You okay? Fine. 
 Yeah? 
 Mina, is this hard for you? 
 Will you miss her? 
 Are you kidding? She's cute and everything, but, um, I'll have my life back. 
 Are Dax's next set of labs in? Thank you. 
 They're cooking. 
 Oh, damn it. Just stay on the line. 
 I'm being paged to Dax's room. 
 What's going on? I'm not sure. Just listen in. 
 Okay, he is rapidly alternating between fast and slow heart rates. 
 
 
 
 Tachy-brady syndrome, but why? 
 No, he's too young for primary cardiac disease. 
 And his echo from a few months ago was normal. 
 His muscle cells are bursting into his bloodstream. 
 Yeah, making it likely an electrolyte issue. 
 We need a point-of-care chem-8. 
 Sodium 134, bicarb 22, glucose 110, potassium 6.9. 
 He needs calcium and bicarb. 
 Need an amp of calcium gluconate and bicarb now, then an amp of D50 and ten of regular insulin. 
 I'm not sure how this fits into his underlying condition. 
 This is odd. 
 What now? His abdomen is distended. 
 Reggie? Patrick? 
 What are you thinking? I'm just, I'm worried his splenic lac has opened up and he's starting to rebleed. Take him down to CT and find out what's going on. I want to help. 
 I need to know. So keep me posted. 
 Okay. I will. 
 Thank you. 
 That call about your patient? 
 Yeah. Thank you. 
 Getting worse. 
 Listen, you're doing everything you can do. 
 Don't beat yourself up. 
 You're gonna be back in the trenches soon. 
 How's the job hunt going? 
 Rough. 
 Found some hospitals in Tennessee that look promising. 
 Tennessee? 
 Yeah, I got fired. I'm poisoned goods in Atlanta. 
 And after my run-in with my dear friend Logan Kim, the poison's gonna spread statewide. 
 Okay, so you're just gonna give up? 
 I'm persona non grata. I'm out of options. 
 I'm sorry, I'm looking for the table with Conrad Hawkins. 
 Come on, man. 
 Look, you're always telling us to fight, think outside the box. 
 That's what I've been doing. 
 I can't keep fighting the same battle and losing. 
 I have to move on. 
 Listen, you are the guy that pulls Hail Marys out of nowhere. 
 And guys like you, they don't just think outside the box, they create their own box if necessary, and then you think out of that one, too. 
 What's going on with your patient? 
 She had a cerebellar stroke, and then she started to herniate, so they did a posterior craniectomy. 
 Red Rock prioritizes surgical patients over ER patients. 
 It's more lucrative. 
 So ER patients that should be upstairs in a room are being boarded in the hallway. 
 And that's what happened to my patient today. 
 It delayed us realizing she was having a stroke. 
 So do something about it. There's nothing I can do. 
 Oh, yeah, I'm-I'm sorry, I was looking for the table with Devon Pravesh. 
 No, it-it's... that's not the same thing. 
 Patient boarding... that's a national crisis. 
 Okay. 
 So you find the local solution to the national problem. 
 If I have to think outside of the box for my unwinnable situation, so do you. 
 I miss this. 
 Yeah, me, too. 
 Dad, open the door. 
 Dad. 
 I think I know what you're planning, and I'm not gonna let you do it. 
 I'm... 
 I'm worried you might be a danger to yourself. 
 That's a pretty big leap, but I get it. 
 You're upset about what I said earlier. 
 We are rebuilding our lives, together, and things are really good. 
 And I think it caught you by surprise. 
 When you came back to help Jessie, you didn't expect that the man who burns everything down would start building things he was scared to lose. 
 You're-you're just making this a lot harder than it has to be. I really think you need to leave. 
 You and I both know if I walk out that door, I'll never see you again. Nic, if you love me, you will go. 
 No. 
 Because every day for the rest of my life, I will live with the guilt that I walked out on my father when he needed me, so, no. 
 It won't be your fault. 
 I'm the broken wheel in this family, and this, today, I can free you of that. 
 And I don't want you to shed a single tear for me. 
 I don't deserve it. I never have. 
 Do you remember when they took me in for Jessie's transplant surgery? 
 I wanted to tell you something. 
 Yeah. 
 What was it? 
 If I died saving Jessie, it'd be the only good thing that I've ever done with my life. 
 I know that I'm worthless. 
 That's why I-I run, it's why I, I-I, I fail at everything I touch. 
 God... he just keeps choosing the wrong one of us. 
 First your mother. 
 Jessie. 
 I'm at the end of my life. 
 And that is all I got to show for it. 
 The sum total of my life... 
 Stuffed into an envelope. 
 That is not true. 
 Things haven't always been easy with us, but... you have me. 
 I'm sorry I didn't tell you this sooner, but... when I think about my future... I see you in it. 
 At my wedding, walking me down the aisle. 
 Birthdays, holidays, and every moment in between, you are there. 
 It would break my heart if you were gone. 
 So, no. 
 I'm not leaving. 
 Will you be honest with me? 
 Can you tell me what you are planning? 
 Dad. 
 Okay. 
 Sorry. Okay. Okay. 
 Will you give it to me, please? 
 It's okay. 
 Okay. 
 Okay. 
 I'm scared. It's okay. It's okay. 
 Bell, what happened? 
 Well, I noticed his abdomen was distended, and then his hemoglobin took a dive. 
 What, you're thinking it's his splenic lac? 
 Well, yeah, that's what I was worried about. 
 That's what's happened. 
 That spleen's got to come out immediately. 
 Whatever is going on with Dax is causing him to become coagulopathic. 
 Well, clotting issues aside... we got to get him to the OR stat. 
 I hope there's time to save his life. All right, let's go. 
 Hey. Hey. What is this? 
 Patients who have been sitting in the ER hallways for hours, waiting for a bed on the medicine floor. 
 A hallway in the ER versus a hallway here. 
 What's the difference? Proximity. 
 Doctors tend to forget about these patients even though, technically, they're on their lists. 
 Out of sight, out of mind. A patient almost died today because she fell through the cracks. 
 Administration won't allow this. 
 It'll go back to the way it was tomorrow. 
 Maybe. 
 But at least today, these patients, they won't be forgotten. 
 We're slightly off the midline to the fascia, 'cause I see rectus muscle. Agreed. 
 Wait. Hold up. 
 Lac. 
 Peep the color. 
 That doesn't even look like muscle. 
 It's more pale than usual. 
 And look at that. 
 It barely twitched. 
 Well, that's odd, given Dax's athletic background. 
 I think we've hit the part of the story where we find answers. 
 Conrad? You there? 
 I am with you every step of the way. 
 I know what's wrong with Dax. 
 You'll need a muscle biopsy to confirm. 
 Mr. Landry. Hey. 
 So, it turns out that Dax has a genetic mitochondrial disorder. 
 And that occurs when mitochondria fails to produce enough energy for the body to function properly. 
 When Dax went pro, he started doing intermittent fasting. 
 It triggered his disorder and it exacerbated his trauma symptoms. 
 Is it treatable? 
 With a specialized diet and supplements, it's likely he'll be able to continue to play. 
 I can't thank you both enough. Uh, we aren't the only ones you should thank. 
 We didn't make the diagnosis alone. 
 Conrad Hawkins was an integral part. 
 Really? 
 Mr. Landry? 
 I heard what you did for Dax. 
 I owe you a debt of thanks. 
 Oh. Glad I could help. 
 I also heard that Dax brought you in because our team doctor didn't address his concerns. 
 That's unacceptable. 
 My players are like family to me. 
 And this has shown me that my family needs a doctor. 
 I'd like that doctor to be you. 
 Is, is this is a real offer? 
 It is. I don't think I'll have a problem getting you a position at St. John's. 
 So, Dr. Hawkins, what do you say? 
 Hawkins, what are you doing here? 
 I thought you'd like to know I've just been hired as the new team doctor for Georgia FC. 
 Physical therapy, medical tests, referrals, orthopedic surgery. 
 It's the prestige and money of a partnership with a major sports team. 
 Now, all of this will remain at St. John's, unless there's another hospital I decide to call home. 
 Do you want Chastain to be that hospital? 
 Or should I just let Red Rock know you let this golden goose slip through your fingers? 
 You're bluffing. 
 Bill Landry has a contract with St. John's. 
 A contract his lawyers say he can get out of with a few quick phone calls, given what happened to Dax Ramsey. 
 If I were to agree to this, what would be the terms, moving forward? 
 Well, you and I hug it out... 
 ... and then I decide which physicians treat and consult Georgia FC and I monitor every aspect of team care. 
 I'm chief resident. 
 And I'm gonna do whatever I think is best for my patients here at Chastain. 
 I love it. Yes, yes. 
 I can't believe you pulled this off. 
 I wish I could've seen the look on Logan Kim's face. 
 Oh, if you were truly our friend, you would have recorded it so we can play it on a loop. 
 I have to admit, it was pretty great, but this is just the beginning. 
 He's right. We still have a lot of work to do. 
 Like ousting our corporate overlords. 
 Which won't be an easy task. True, but we will get it done, together. 
 Agreed. 
 But first, we need to do something about your wardrobe. 
 Welcome home, Conrad. 
 Yeah! All right. 
 Yeah! 
 Mwah. Thank you. 
 Still looks good. 
 A toast. 
 Here's to another day in the trenches. 
 I'll drink to that. 
 Cheers. Cheers. 
 It's good to have you back. 
 Cheers. Cheers. 
 I'm sorry I wasn't there to celebrate with you. 
 After the day you've had, I'm the last person you should think about. 
 Kyle has a long road ahead, but you don't have to do this alone, Nic. 
 Whatever happens, I'm here. 
 Hey. What did I say? 
 Exactly what I needed to hear. 
 Oh. Oh, hey, sorry. 
 Sorry, I just... 
 Do you...? I-Is it okay if I borrow this? 
 I kind of already stuck my... Oh, yeah, yeah. 
 You can keep it. You got everything you need? 
 Uh, yeah, yeah. You got snacks, you got tunes, you got road map. 
 I think we are good to go. 
 Well, if you need anything... 
 Yeah. 
 Hey, so... you-you think this place in Savannah, you really, you really think they can help me? 
 It's one of the best inpatient centers in the country. 
 It's a psych joint. I get it, but good. 
 Whatever it takes. 
 I really want to be there for all those moments that you talked about. 
 Me, too. 
 Come on. 
 Call me on the way? 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 