Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x03 - Scratches - True Blood 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x03 - Scratches https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=49&t=7396 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/03/13 09:31 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x03 - Scratches 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Scene 1: In the car, on the road - Bill, Sookie, Jessica 
 Bill drives very fast. 
 Sookie:  Bill, slow down, please. Stop this. You're scaring me. 
 Bill stops the car on the side of the road. Jessica is crying.  
 Sookie:  I'm sorry. She promised she was just gonna look in the window. I know I made a mistake, but they're her family. 
 Bill:  She is a vampire. She has no family. 
 Jessica:  I'm a monster, and I'm gonna be alone because of you. I hate you si f****** much. 
 Bill:  Be quiet. 
 Jessica:  Easy s***. 
 Bill:  I said be quiet! (To Sookie) You undermined my authority as her maker. You risked those people's safety and your own. If I had not glamoured them within an inch of their sanity, all of our lives would have been shattered. 
 Sookie:  I know. I'm sorry. 
 Bill:  You keep saying that! And I am expected to what? Forget this ever happened? 
 Sookie:  What else would you like me to say? I knew when she asked me to take her I should say no but all I could think about was Gran and what I'd get to see her again. 
 Bill:  That does not give you license to behave like an irresponsible child. She is a loaded gun, Sookie. Not a doll for you to dress up and play with. (Sookie opens the car's door) What are you doing? 
 Sookie:  Walking! 
 She  goes out of the car. Bill goes out too. 
 Bill:  Don't be ridiculous. Bon Temps is nearly 20 miles away. 
 Sookie:  I'd rather walk all night than spend another second in that car with you. 
 She goes in the woods. Bill gets back in the car. 
 Jessica:  She wants you to go after her. And she wants you to go after her and kiss her and tell her that you love her. 
 Bill:  She will come back. When she calms down, she will come back. 
 Sookie walks in the wood. She hears a noise. 
 Sookie:  Bill? Bill if you're trying to scare me so I get back in that car with you, it isn't gonna work. 
 She looks back and sees a creature coming through her. 
 Sookie:  What the...? 
 Sookie begins to run and the creature runs too. She scratches Sookie's back. Sookie falls on the floor. Bill goes out of the car. 
 Credit 
 Bill sees Sookie, laying on the floor.  
 Bill:  Sookie! Sookie! Sookie! 
 He takes her in his arms. 
 Bill:  What did this to you? 
 Sookie:  Bull... Human... I couldn't see... Bill, I can't move. 
 Sookie drinks Bill's blood but she begins to cough and shake and come white liquid comes out of her mouth. 
 Bill:  Sookie! 
 Jessica arrives.  
 Jessica:  Oh, gross. 
 Bill (to Jessica):  Get the car, now! 
 Scene 2: Fangtasia - Bill, Sookie, Jessica 
 Bill, Sookie and Jessica arrive at Fangtasia. They are in the car; Jessica is driving. 
 Bill (to Jessica):  Drive straight home. 
 Jessica:  But I wanna go with you. 
 Bill:  As your maker, I command you. 
 Jessica leaves. Bill is carrying Sookie.  
 Scene 3: Merlotte's - Sam, Daphne, Tara 
 Sam is in his office. Daphne arrives. 
 Daphne:  Sam? 
 Sam:  Yeah? 
 Daphne:  I'm short. I went over it three times. I don't know what happened... 
 Sam:  How much? 
 Daphne:  64 dollars and, like, 8 cent. 
 Sam:  God dammit, Daphne, you're gonna have to pay for it. I'm sorry, but this is a business. 
 Daphne puts some money on the table.  
 Daphne:  There. That's all the tips that I made tonight, so I'm just gonna have to owe you the rest. 
 She leaves. 
 Sam:  F***. 
 Tara arrives. 
 Tara:  You can't expect her to learn of you don't give her any positive reinforcement. 
 Sam:  Tara, not now. 
 Tara:  I'm serious. Nobody succeeds at anything in life unless somebody leads them. 
 Sam:  Let me guess. Maryann say that? 
 Tara:  What is it with you and Maryann? What's she ever done to you, other than just drop almost 300 dollars in your bar tonight? 
 Sam:  I don't want her in here anymore. And if I were you, I'd stay the hell away from her. 
 Tara:  You don't even know this person. 
 Sam:  Neither do you. 
 He leaves his office.  
 Scene 4: Fangtasia - Sookie, Bill, Eric, Dr Ludwig, Pam, Chow 
 Sookie is on a table. She has scars with blood on her back.  
 Sookie (to Dr Ludwig):  What kind of doctor are you? 
 Dr Ludwig:  The healing kind. I'm doctor Ludwig, what's your... 
 Sookie screams when the doctor touches her back. 
 Sookie:  I'm Sookie Stackhouse. Am I dying? 
 Dr Ludwig:  Yes. 
 Bill:  No. she cannot die. You will save her. 
 Dr Ludwig:  Back off vampire, let me do my job. 
 Eric:  Forgive him. Bill is abnormally attached to this human. 
 Dr Ludwig:  Well, we don't have a lot of choices, she's been poisoned. You ever heard of Komodo dragons? Their mouths are teeming with bacteria. After one has bitten you, it will track you for hours, days, just waiting for the toxins to slowly eat away at your nervous system till you're good and helpless. Then it will devour you alive. 
 Sookie:  I was scratch by a dragon? 
 Dr Ludwig:  No. But this poison is similar but way more efficient. I think I've seen it before but it's hard to tell without testing, and we don't have that kind of time. Give us some privacy. I need to remove her clothing. 
 Bill (to Sookie):  I will be just outside. I am so sorry. 
 Dr Ludwig:  She's running out of time, Mr. Compton. 
 Eric and Bill are in Eric's office 
 Eric:  Head of a bull. 
 Bill:  That's what she said. It was dark. It all happened in seconds. 
 Eric:  So you didn't see this bull man? 
 Bill:  No. 
 Eric:  And you gave her your blood? 
 Bill:  It didn't work. You ever heard of anything like this? 
 Eric:  Surprisingly, no. I though in over a thousand years I'd seen everything there was to see. 
 Pam and Chow come in. 
 Eric:  Search the woods around highway 71. 
 Pam:  He can do it. I'm wearing my favorite pumps. 
 Pam and Chow leave. 
 Eric:  She is extremely lazy. But loyal. How's yours? Jessica? 
 Bill:  Petulant. Dangerous. Afraid. 
 Eric:  I'm glad to see you two are bonding. Being a good maker is very rewarding. 
 Bill:  I have to get back to Sookie. 
 Eric:  Oh, relax. Dr Ludwig treated one of Pam's humans when it was mauled by a werewolf. Lost an eye, but otherwise he's fine. 
 Sookie is screaming when Dr Ludwig puts some liquid on her scars. 
 Bill and Eric come. 
 Bill:  What are you doing to her? 
 Dr Ludwig:  Hold her down! Or let her die, your choice. 
 Bill holds Sookie hands. 
 Sookie:  No! No! 
 Scene 5: At the Fellowship of the Sun - Jason, Luc, Eddie 
 Jason wakes up, screaming. 
 Eddie:  You're so warm. And I'm so cold. 
 Eddie is near him, in his bed. 
 Jason:  Eddie? 
 Eddie:  What are you doing here, Jason? I thought we were friends. 
 Jason:  You're f****** dead. I saw you die. This ain't real. This ain't real. 
 Eddie caresses Jason. 
 Eddie:  Does this feel real? 
 He bites Jason with his fangs. Jason screams. It's just a dream. Jason wakes up screaming. 
 Jason:  Dear God, you gotta help me out, because, I don't know what's right and wrong no more. Maybe I never did. Just, God, please. Please. Give me another sign. Because... I'm lost. I'm so f****** lost. 
 Luc throws a pillow on Jason. 
 Luc:  There's your sign. Now, shut up. Someone's trying to sleep in here. 
 Scene 6: Fangtasia - Sookie, Dr Ludwig, Bill, Eric, Pam, Chow 
 Dr Ludwig (to Bill):  You can give her blood now. Her body should accept it. 
 Eric stops Bill when he begin to bite his arm. 
 Eric:  Mine is much stronger, allow me. 
 Bill:  Never. (To Sookie) Sookie, can you hear me? You must drink. 
 He bites his arm and Sookie drinks his blood. 
 Dr Ludwig (to Eric):  I'll expect my payment by the end of the week. 
 Eric:  It's always a pleasure doing business with you, Dr. Ludwig. 
 She leaves. 
 Bill:  Clearly the pleasure was one-sided. 
 Eric:  Well, she's no fan of the fang. She tolerates us, because our blood is of such great value to healers. Be careful. You'll overcook her. 
 Sookie stops drinking Bill's blood. 
 Bill:  All right. 
 Sookie:  Thank you. 
 Pam and Chow arrive. 
 Pam:  The area has been scanned. 
 Chow:  Tracks were human, but the smell was distinctly animal. 
 Eric:  What kind? 
 Pam:  A filthy one. 
 Chow:  We didn't recognize it. 
 Eric:  How intriguing. Send an alert through the appropriate channels. Find out what the neighbors know. And Pam. Those were great pumps. 
 Pam and Chow leave. 
 Bill (to Eric):  I don't wanna move her. 
 Eric:  Of course not. I'll make sure she's take care of. 
 Bill:  I'm not leaving her. 
 Eric:  Longshadow kept a coffin in back. He liked to feed before resting, so it might be a bit messy, but you're welcome to it. 
 Bill:  I wanna thank you for your hospitality. And for saving Sookie's life. 
 Eric:  I'm sure there's a way she can repay me. 
 Scene 7: Sookie's home - Maryann, Tara, Carl 
 Carl is cooking Daphne's heart. Maryann tastes the sausage.  
 Maryann:  That's delicious Carl. Could use a little more juniper, don't you think? 
 Carl:  Yes, yes, of course. You're right. 
 Tara (coming in the kitchen):  What's all this? 
 Maryann:  I'm having a few people over. 
 Tara:  How many people? 
 Maryann:  You know, I don't remember. Sit, Carl will make you some breakfast. 
 Tara:  That's okay. I'm more of a breakfast-for-lunch kind of girl. But coffee's great. Thanks, Carl. 
 She sits with Maryann and has some coffee. 
 Tara:  I don't think I'll ever get used to people just doing things for me without me even asking. 
 Maryann:  Well, Carl knows that if he wants to find real fulfillment in life, he needs to learn to be of service, so everything he does for us is really a selfish act. 
 Tara:  Maryann, why does Sam hate you? 
 Maryann:  Sam hates me? 
 Tara:  Practically jumped down my throat after you left last night. Kept saying I need to stay away from you, why would he say that? 
 Maryann:  Well... I mean, I barely know the man, but if I had to guess, I'd say jealousy. You two have a history. 
 Tara:  Yeah, but we're better as friends than we ever were at sleeping together. We both know that. 
 Maryann:  Tara, still not valuing yourself. You are a fantastic woman. Sam lost you. He's just looking for someone to blame. 
 Tara:  But why you? 
 Maryann:  Because you've moved on. And hopefully I've been a part of making that happen. Sam seems like a sensitive, wonderful guy, but all my instincts scream, "unevolved." 
 Tara:  You're right. That man has way too many issues. 
 Maryann:  And there are not your problem. Unlike Carl, you've done enough taking care of people to last a lifetime. 
 Tara:  Holy s***, that's beautiful. It's even got a filter? 
 Maryann:  Little technique I picked up in Ibiza. Adorable, isn't it? 
 Tara:  F*** it. I don't have to be at work till 4:00. 
 Scene 8: Sam's trailer - Sam, Terry 
 Sam puts things in his car when Terry arrives. 
 Sam:  Hey Terry. Thanks for coming. 
 Terry:  Taking a trip? 
 Sam:  Something like that. 
 Terry:  Where to? 
 Sam:  Not sure yet. 
 Terry:  Well, I ain't been a lot of places, but better here than all the places I've been. 
 Sam:  Yeah. So listen, I was hoping you'd take care of the bar for me. You know, just till I get back. 
 Terry:  Yeah. I don't know, Sam. I like cooking. It's quiet back there and... I ain't so good with people. If I were you, I wouldn't be my first choice. 
 Sam:  Well, actually, you're not. I can't reach Sookie. And who knows where the hell Lafayette is, Arlene's got enough on her plate, and Tara... Tara's... 
 Terry:  Don't like feeling the pressure. 
 Sam:  She's going through some personal stuff right now. So you're all I got. You do it for me, buddy? 
 Terry:  Well, I guess I ain't got no choice. 
 Sam:  I appreciate it. Appreciate it, I'll get you a set of keys after closing. 
 Terry:  So you're just gonna cut and run? Just like that. 
 Sam:  I'm not running. 
 Terry:  Remind me never to get stuck on a foxhole with you. Coward. 
 Terry leaves. 
 Scene 9: Fellowship of the sun - Jason, Sarah, the members 
 A woman has bites on her body. 
 Woman:  He used me up. Till he got bored. And then he left me to die. I thought he loved me, but I was nothing, but his living,, breathing, snack machine. 
 Sarah:  Thank you for sharing your story, Missy. That was very brave. May his holy light shine on you. 
 The members:  Praise the light. 
 Jason:  Praise... the light. 
 Sarah:  Jason. There's something you'd like to share? 
 Jason:  No, thank you. I ain't much of a sharing kind of guy. 
 Sarah:  Remember, we all signed a vow of honesty. Are you wearing your honesty ring? 
 Jason:  Yeah. All right, but, you ain't gonna like it. Pretty much against everything you all been saying. 
 Sarah:  You're safe here. 
 Jason:  I ain't a vampire victim. The fact is they have never done nothing against me. My sister's dating one, and from everything I can tell, he seems to treat her pretty decent. Well, except for the biting, but I think she likes that.. 
 Man:  Huh. 
 Sarah:  No, please. 
 Jason:  What? 
 Sarah:  Go on. 
 Jason:  My girlfriend, she staked a vampire right in front of me. His name was Eddie, and... he was gay, but he was a real nice person. 
 Sarah:  He wasn't a person, Jason. A person wouldn't do that. Would they? 
 Jason:  Well, my Gran and my girlfriend were killed by my best friend just because he had a problem with vampires. And he was a person. Look, I'm only here because I thought God wanted me to be. Thought maybe he had a purpose for me. Some s*** like that. Beginning to see that was just wishful thinking. 
 He leaves the room. 
 Sarah:  No, Jason, wait. Becky, take over for a second. 
 Becky:  Sure. Let's pray. 
 Sarah joins Jason outside. 
 Sarah:  Hey, Jason. Just talk to me. 
 Jason:  There ain't nothing to talk about. 
 Sarah:  The forst time I laid eyes on you, I knew there was something special about this one. I knew the Lord had sent you to me, but until today that I knew why. 
 Jason:  Why? 
 Sarah:  Because we're so much alike. 
 Jason:  Sarah... 
 Sarah:  No, but... we wanna see the best in others so badly, that sometimes we overlook the worst. 
 Jason:  That kind of does sound like me. 
 Sarah:  When the vampires came out of the coffin, I went with my big sister Amber to march for their equal rights. 
 Jason:  Really? 
 Sarah:  Two months later, Amber disappeared. Got hooked on V. I know they killed her. Got rid of her body in whatever way they do. 
 Jason:  I'm sorry. 
 Sarah:  They stole my sister, Jason. The same way they stole your girlfriend and your grandmother. And I know you believe Eddie was your friend, but think about it. If his kind never existed, the people you love would still be alive. 
 Jason:  You're saying... if I hadn't been too messed up to protect them, that they'd still be here? 
 Sarah:  No, you're just human, but vampires... everything they are, down to their very blood, is seductive. 
 Jason:  I should have done something. Could have saved Gran, Amy... all of them. 
 He cries. 
 Sarah:  I know how much it hurts. Trust me, that's why... if we can protect even one family from this kind of suffering, then all the loved ones we've lost, their deaths won't have been for nothing. 
 Jason:  You know, sometimes... I wish I was dead too. 
 Sarah:  But you're not. God needs you. You don't have to carry this alone anymore. Give yourself to His light. Let him carry this pain for you. Pray with me? 
 Jason:  Okay. 
 Sarah:  Heavenly Father, bless Jason, and protect his sister, and all those who are still out there lost in the darkness. 
 Scene 10: Fangtasia - Sookie, Ginger, Lafayette 
 Sookie is sleeping. She wakes up. She goes to see her back in the mirrors; the scares are gone. 
 Ginger:  You're awake. I made you a two-top sandwich. Peanut butter and chocolate syrup. 
 Sookie:  That's very... thoughtful, Ginger. 
 Ginger:  That's the thing about being with vamps, ain't it? You always forget to eat. I've lost 37 pounds since I got this job. Way better than a fat farm. 
 Sookie:  Did Bill leave? 
 Ginger:  He's resting in back, I think. 
 Sookie:  Do they make you stay here every day? 
 Ginger:  Well, sometimes I just come in for deliveries, but these days I've been coming in for... Never mind all that. You just finish up your sandwich and go back to sleep. 
 Ginger voice off:  I almost told her about her friend Lafayette, in the basement. Eric says I can't tell her. 
 Sookie:  Lafayette? Why would Eric have Lafayette in the basement? 
 Ginger:  I just work here. 
 Ginger voice off:  Please don't make me use that gun under the cash register. 
 Sookie takes the gun. 
 Sookie:  Take me to him! Now! 
 The go down on the basement. Lafayette is there. 
 Sookie:  Oh, my God. Lafayette. Lafayette. 
 Lafayette:  Sookie. Is that really you? 
 Sookie:  What have they done to you? 
 Lafayette:  Do I look like a vampire? 
 Sookie:  You look awful. 
 Lafayette:  I feel f****** worse. I guess that means I ain't a vampire then, wich is good. 
 Sookie (to Ginger):  Uncuff him. 
 Ginger:  I don't have that key. I swear. 
 Ginger voice off:  Eric's gonna be so mad at me. Jesus have mercy. 
 Sookie:  I'm gonna get you outta here. I promise. 
 Scene 11: Maryann's house - Eggs, Tara, people 
 Eggs is playing guitar and other people are listening at him. When he finishes, Tara goes to him. 
 Tara:  That's a new song? 
 Eggs:  Yeah, well, I didn't get serious about this till recently, so I got a lot to learn. 
 Tara:  Sounding pretty good to me. 
 Eggs:  Nice, I just, you know, I love music, I just wasted most of my life trying to avoid doing the sh1t I love the most. 
 Tara:  Why? 
 Eggs:  I guess u just felt like... if I was good at something, it's probably just a waste of time, and if it felt good I probably didn't deserve it. You know, a couple days after Maryann took me in, she put this guitar in my hands, and I cried like a f****** baby. It was the first time in my life anybody's actually ever encouraged me to do anything. So... I'm sorry, I... 
 Tara:  Don't apologize. Only thing my mama ever encouraged me how to learn was how to pour whiskey. Oh, f*** me. 
 Eggs:  What? 
 She looks at the time. 
 Tara:  I was supposed to be at work 45 minutes ago. 
 They laugh. 
 Eggs:  I can give you a ride, now. 
 Tara:  How many of those have you had? Four? I think one DUI between us is enough, don't you? Besides, I am way too f***** up to deal with Sam Merlotte right now. 
 Eggs:  Well, is he gonna fire you? 
 Tara:  Maybe, but it's just a job. And I got through those about as fast as I go through relationships. 
 Eggs:  Maybe you haven't found the right one yet. 
 Tara:  I've had a lot of jobs. 
 Eggs:  I ain't talking about that s***. 
 They kiss. 
 
 
 
 Scene 12: Fangtasia - Bill, Eric, Sookie 
 Bill comes in the bar. He takes Sookie in his arms. 
 Bill:  You still angry about our fight? Sookie, none of that matters anymore. 
 Sookie:  You're right. I'm alive and in one piece, unlike my friend Lafayette who Eric chained up like an animal and left to bleed to death. 
 Bill:  What? 
 Sookie:  You better not have known anything about this Bill Compton, because if you did, I don't think I could ever forgive you. 
 Bill:  I have no idea what you're talking about. 
 Eric:  She's referring to the human in my basement. The human that traded sexual services with a vampire in order to sell his blood. Which, as you know, is a grave offense. 
 Sookie:  His name is Lafayette and you ought to be ashamed for what you've done to him. 
 Sookie slaps Eric. 
 Bill:  Sookie! 
 Eric:  I'm glad you're feeling better. And may I add, that color suits you very well. 
 Sookie:  Go to hell. 
 Bill:  Sookie, enough. 
 Sookie:  It's not nearly enough. They've tortured him and bitten him and shot him and kept him down there in his own filth for weeks. 
 Bill (to Eric):  Is this true? 
 Eric:  There are others who would have done far worse and you know it. 
 Sookie:  You're gonna let him go right now, or I swear I'm going to the police. 
 Eric:  I do not respond well to threats. But perhaps we can come to some sort of arrangement. Please. 
 Scene 13: Merlotte's - Terry, Sam, Arlene 
 Terry is doing the service. 
 Sam on the phone:  Hey, Tara. So I guess you're not coming in tonight. I get it. You're pissed at me for what I said about Maryann. Look. Tara, I know you're smart and tough and you can take care of yourself, and that's all I'm asking you to do. Okay? Just keep your eyes open. And take a good look at the people around you. And be careful, okay? Just be careful. 
 Arlene arrives. 
 Arlene:  I know. I know I'm late, I'm sorry, but Lisa decided to give Coby a nose piercing. Like she saw on America's Next Top Model. Well, now he's got an infection... 
 Sam:  It's okay, Arlene. Just go ahead and get changed 
 Arlene:  Is everything alright with you Sam? 
 Sam:  Yeah. Yeah, everything's fine. I thought, Sookie's supposed to be working tonight. 
 Arlene:  Oh, yeah, she was. She called and asked me to cover for her. Lord knows I owe her one after... You know. Nice and understanding looks good on you, Sam. 
 Scene 14: Bill's home - Jessica 
 Jessica gets out of the place where she sleeps. 
 Jessica:  Hello. Anybody home? Bill? Sookie... 
 Scene 15: Merlotte's - Jessica, Hoyt 
 Jessica comes at Merlotte's. She looks at two clients. 
 Client (to his friend):  Chick, two o'clock. 
 She sees Hoyt. She takes places at a table in front of him and reads the menu. Hoyt goes to her. 
 Hoyt:  Hi. 
 Jessica:  Hi. 
 Hoyt:  You mind if I join you? I mean, if you're alone. 
 Jessica:  I'm alone. 
 Hoyt:  I'm Hoyt. 
 Jessica:  Jessica. 
 Hoyt:  So this might sound kind of funny, but I was just sitting there, thinking, "How come you don't ever meet a nice girl, Hoyt?" and the you just walked right in. 
 Jessica:  How do you know I'm a nice girl? 
 Hoyt:  Because of you smile, I guess. You can tell a lot about someone by the way they smile, and you know, I watch people all the time. You see, like that. That's beautiful. I could just... I could stare at that all day long. 
 Jessica:  Day? Yeah, right. 
 Hoyt:  Did I say something wrong? No, course not. 
 Hoyt:  Okay, good, because I don't wanna scare you away... Would you like a drink or someth... or food? You hungry? You should try the chicken fried steak, because it's... it's like a chicken and a steak got together and made a baby. It's delicious. Crispy, baby, and... 
 Jessica:  I'll just have a bottle of Tru Blood. B positive. 
 Hoyt:  You're a vampire? For real? Waw. That is awesome. A bottle of Tru Blood. Coming right up. 
 He goes to order. Jessica smiles. 
 Scene 16: Fangtasia, Eric's office - Eric, Sookie, Bill, Lafayette, Pam 
 Sookie:  So if I agree to go to Dallas to help look for this missing vampire, you'll let Lafayette go? 
 Bill:  No, you nearly died last night. You are not going to Dallas. 
 Sookie:  Bill, I can make up my own mind. 
 Eric:  I will pay all of your expenses, of course, and yes, I will release your friend. 
 Sookie:  And I want 5000$ (To Bill) I've missed a lot of work and I need a driveway. 
 Eric:  Your human is getting cocky. 
 Bill:  She will take $10000 and I will escort her. 
 Eric:  I don't think so, no. 
 Sookie:  Yes. Ten thousand and Bill comes with me or it's a deal breaker. 
 Eric:  You surprise me. That is a rare quality in a breather. 
 Sookie:  You disgust me. 
 Eric:  Perhaps I'll grow on you. 
 Sookie:  I'd prefer cancer. 
 Eric:  You need to leave immediately. 
 Bill:  I will make the travel arrangements, but I will need your credit card number. 
 Pam opens the door and throws Lafayette on the ground. 
 Pam:  Such a shame. I was hoping I could convince Eric to let me keep you. 
 Eric:  No, you already have enough pets. 
 Lafayette:  No offense, but you ain't exactly my type, b****. 
 Pam:  Can I kick him? 
 Bill:  You can try. 
 Eric:  Enough. Have Chow fetch their car. 
 Pam leaves. 
 Eric (to Lafayette):  I'll see you around, I'm sure. 
 Lafayette:  Don't bet on it, baby. I'm retiring. I'm done with you crazy-ass f******. Done. 
 Bill caries Lafayette and they leave with Sookie. 
 Scene 17:  Maryann's house - Carl, Andy, Tara, Eggs, Maryann 
 Carl serves to eat. 
 Woman:  Best soup I have ever had. 
 Andy sees all the people dancing and half naked. Tara and Eggs are in the pool. 
 Tara:  Right when I thought this party couldn't get any f****** weirder, look who shows up. Thinking Andy Bellefleur got better d*** to do, like, I don't know, solve a murder. 
 Eggs:  You know what they say about all work and no play. Seems like you're pretty familiar with the idea. 
 Tara:  It was your fault I missed work in the first place. You're just too damn distracting. 
 Andy passes near Mike Spencer and Jane Bodehouse. 
 Andy:  Mike Spenser. 
 Mike:  Howdy, Andy. Great party, huh? 
 Jane:  Less talking. More dancing! 
 Mike:  Jane Bokowsi, you are one fiery little hellcat. 
 Andy continues to walk in the garden. He sees a pig. 
 Andy:  What you doing in there, pig? 
 Maryann:  Detective Bellefleur? I'm so glad you made it. 
 Andy:  Actually, I'm here because there have been some complaints about the noise. 
 Maryann:  Oh. And they sent their best detective to deal with it? Well, I am flattered. But sheriff Dearborne should really put your talents to better use. I'll go turn off that music right away. 
 Andy:  Hate to be a party pooper, but you got a livestock permit for that pig? 
 Maryann:  What pig? 
 Andy:  That pig. 
 Maryann:  I don't know what you're talking about. 
 The pig is not where Andy saw it. 
 Andy:  It was there a second ago. 
 Maryann:  Have you been drinking? 
 Andy:  No, dammit. I know what I saw. I know what I saw, I'm a good cop. 
 Maryann:  Of course you are. Everybody knows that. Here. Why don't you stay and relax a little bit? 
 Andy:  Just one. I am on the clock. 
 Maryann:  Come on. Yes, God is love. 
 Scene 18: Newlin's house - Steve, Sarah, Jason 
 Steve and Jason are sitting around a table, having diner. 
 Steve:  He's the force of love, but how do we respond to forces that block, undermine, and destroy love? Well, you cannot love evil. You have to hate it. So hating evil is really... loving good. 
 Jason:  Good. I never really thought about it that way. 
 Steve:  Hate isn't just natural, Jason. We need it in order to survive. My father dedicated his life to God. To protecting the human race. And they murdered him, his wife and my baby sister in cold blood. They're baby-killers. That's what they're capable of. Now, if I didn't hate vampires, and do everything in my power to avenge my family's death, what kind if man would I be? 
 Jason:  A pretty bad one. 
 Steve:  And what's going on out there is a war. Not right now, Jason, but in general. And we all gotta choose sides. Now, you're either on the side of darkness, or the side of life. 
 Jason:  Light. 
 Steve:  There's no in between. 
 Sarah arrives with some more food. 
 Sarah:  Hope you boys saved room for some banana pudding. 
 Steve:  Oh, thanks, honey. Sarah's pudding is a little slice of heaven. 
 Sarah:  Don't go bragging on me in front of the company. 
 Steve:  Well, you stop being such an angel and maybe I will. 
 Sarah:  I'm gonna go get the whipped cream. 
 She leaves. 
 Steve:  You know, my wife must think you're pretty special. 
 Jason:  Really? 
 Steve:  Sarah doesn't whip out her pudding for just anybody. God's got great things in store for you, Jason Stackhouse. Can you feel it? 
 Jason:  Yeah. Yeah, I feel it. 
 Scene 19: Bill's home - Hoyt, Jessica 
 Hoyt and Jessica enter in the house. 
 Hoyt:  I always wanted to see the inside of Vampire Bill's house. You get to live here? It's pretty cool. 
 Jessica:  Not really. I mean, it's full of his creepy old stuff. And he makes me sleep in a hole. 
 Hoyt:  Yeah, my mama keeps her doll collection in my closet. You got a Wii? 
 Jessica:  A what? 
 Hoyt:  You never played a Wii? You'll love it. 
 She sits near him on the couch. 
 Hoyt:  Yeah, so you can race cars, or you can play tennis, or... you can dance. Or you can shoot people. 
 Jessica:  I've never done any of that. 
 Hoyt:  Here, I'll show you. So... may I? Ok, so these are the controllers. You just hold that like that. 
 Jessica kisses Hoyt. They continue to kiss but her fangs go out. 
 Hoyt:  No, no. Don't do that. You don't have to hide that from me, that's natural. 
 Jessica:  How can you say that? I mean, I have fangs, and they just come out and I can't control them. This is so embarrassing. I'd die if I wasn't already dead. 
 Hoyt:  Don't be embarrassed about what you are. Because what you are... is great. 
 Jessica:  You think I'm great? 
 Hoyt:  I like you. I like you a lot. And that's why I think we ought to wait, you know, before we do anything else. 
 Jessica:  I've waited too long already. 
 Scene 20: In Bill's car - Lafayette, Bill, Sookie 
 They arrive in front of Lafayette's home. 
 Sookie:  You sure we can't take you to the hospital? 
 Lafayette:  Three jobs and I still ain't go no health insurance. Besides, the bullet went strait through, I'll get my uncle stitch it up in the morning. 
 Sookie:  You uncle the veterinarian? 
 Lafayette:  He chops off steer nuts for a living, I think he can handle the few stitches. Don't worry Sook, I'm fine. 
 Sookie:  You don't look fine. 
 Lafayette:  Far as I'm concerned, I spent the last two weeks at Club Med. Drinking a margarita and getting my chest waxed. (To Bill) And I appreciate it if you tell your friends that's how I remember it. 
 Bill:  That would be wise. 
 Sookie:  At least let Bill help you inside. 
 Lafayette:  No, Sook, I said I'm fine. 
 Lafayette enters in his home and locks the door. He lays on a couch and cries. 
 Sookie and Bill are in the car. 
 Sookie:  I used to get so mad when people judged vampires just for being different. It's like they were judging me too. I told myself their fear was nothing but small-mindedness, but maybe that's just what I wanted to believe, because the more open my mind gets, the more evil I see. 
 Bill:  Sookie. Most of us, vampire, human, or otherwise, are capable of both good and evil. Often simultaneously. 
 Sookie:  You can't expect me to believe that Eric's capable of anything good. Not after how he tortured Lafayette. 
 Bill:  I have had worse sheriffs. 
 Sookie:  I don't understand how you can defend him. 
 Bill:  He saved your life. 
 Sookie:  I can still hate him. 
 Bill:  I hate that he may be putting you in harm's way once again. For his own selfish reasons. And I hate that he has shown you the barbarousness that we call justice. If I could glamour it away for you, I would. 
 Sookie:  I'm glad you can't. I'm sick of things sneaking up on me. Rene and whatever the hell that was that attacked me last night. If I'm never gonna be safe, I'd rather know what to be afraid of. 
 Bill:  Well, after last night, I hope that that doesn't include me. 
 Sookie:  I know there's darkness in you. I know there is. And it scares the life out of me. But you're right. There's goodness in you too. And when I look in your eyes, that's what I see. 
 Scene 21: Maryann's - Tara, Eggs, a woman 
 Tara:  I feel so unbelievably f****** good right now. 
 Eggs:  That's how you feel to me too, baby. 
 They kiss. A woman comes. 
 Woman:  Got room for one more? 
 She comes in the pool. 
 Woman:  You guys are so beautiful. I'm a licensed massage therapist. Who wants to go first? (She takes Eggs) You got a big knot right there. 
 Tara gets out of the pool angry. 
 Eggs:  Tara. Oh, come on, Tara. 
 He runs after her in the house. 
 Eggs:  Tara. Hey, come on. That girl in the tub was drunk, I don't even know who she was. 
 Tara:  Looked like you wanted to know her a lot better. 
 Eggs:  I just got carried away, that's all. 
 Tara:  Yeah, you and everybody else out there. Is this what Maryann's about? Are you in the lifestyle? 
 Eggs:  Lifestyle? Tara, that's just a bunch of drunk-ass people trying to let loose, have a good time. That's got nothing to do with us. 
 Tara:  I don't give a crap what people do with their own body parts, but there's no us of this is your scene. 
 She goes upstairs. 
 Eggs:  God dammit. 
 Scene 22: Sam's - Sam, Dean 
 Sam is packing when he sees Dean. 
 Sam:  Hell. I wasn't gonna run off without saying goodbye to you. I'm sure gonna miss you, buddy. All right. One last time. Let's go. Come on. You can't keep up with me. 
 They run through the woods. 
 Scene 23: Bill's house - Bill, Sookie, Jessica, Hoyt 
 Bill and Sookie are in front of the house. 
 Sookie:  I knew it. Underneath that tough vampire exterior, you're nothing but a big softie. 
 Bill:  Don't tell anybody. 
 Sookie:  Waw, that's a lot of pink, Bill. I'm sure Jessica will live it. 
 Bill:  Yes, well, I remember when ladies' clothing stores sold petticoats. 
 Sookie:  That's just weird. 
 Bill:  Actually, I kind of miss them at times. They left something to the imagination. Unfastening them required a certain skill. 
 Sookie:  I think there's a Halloween store around here that might still have some. 
 Bill:  You are such a tease. 
 They enter, kissing. They see Jessica on a man on the couch. Bill runs and pushes Jessica away from Hoyt. 
 Jessica:  I wasn't doing anything, I wasn't gonna bite him, I swear. 
 Hoyt:  It's okay. 
 Sookie  Bill, don't. 
 Scene 24: In the woods - Sam, Dean, Daphne 
 Sam (the dog) and Dean run in the woods. Sam jumps in the water and becomes a human. 
 Sam:  What's your problem? Come on in, the water's warm. Fine. Suit yourself. 
 Dean leaves and Daphne comes. 
 Daphne:  Were you just talking to that dog? 
 Sam:  Daphne, what are you doing out here in the middle of the night? 
 Daphne:  Same as you, I guess. Just trying to cool off. And I can't sleep. See, I have this hard-ass boss, who really laid into me this week. 
 Sam:  Sounds like a jerk. 
 Daphne:  He's not all bad. He can be real nice. To dogs. 
 Sam:  Listen, I'm sorry. I've had a lot on my mind. I know how hard you're trying, and I think you're starting to get the hang of it. I really do. 
 Daphne:  You're even worse at lying than you are at being a boss, Sam Merlotte, but I'll take what I can get, so thanks. This water really warm or you lying about that too? 
 Sam:  No, it's great. Nothing like a midnight swim to wash away the troubles. You should try it sometime. 
 Daphne:  Yeah, I think I will. 
 Sam:  You mean now? 
 Daphne:  It's a big lake, Sam, I think there's a room for both of us, ain't there? 
 Sam:  Yeah. Guess so. Come on in. 
 She removes her tee shirt. She has scares on her back. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 