Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x04 - Escape from Dragon House - True Blood 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x04 - Escape from Dragon House https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=49&t=7383 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/02/13 12:31 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x04 - Escape from Dragon House 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Scene 1 : Sookie is in Dawn's bedroom. Dawn's alarm clock is buzzing. 
 Sookie  (screaming): Help! Someone, please! 
 (Sookie moves to Dawn's body, lying in bed.) 
 Sookie : Sweetie. What did you get yourself into? 
 (Sookie pulls the sheet over Dawn's face. Cut to a vase falling to the floor and shattering. Sookie turns around, and Jason enters the room and stares at Dawn's body.) 
 Sookie : Oh my God, Jason. 
 (Sookie moves toward Jason, and hugs him.) 
 Sookie : Oh, my God. 
 Jason : It's OK. 
 Sookie  (screaming, beating on Jason with her open hands): Like hell it is! Look at her! She is definitely not...okay! 
 Jason : Bangin' on me ain't gonna change anything none. 
 Miss Lefebvre  (off-camera): Dawn? I heard yelling. 
 (Dawn's neighbor, Miss Lefebvre, enters the room, looks at Sookie and Jason, and sees Dawn's body in bed.) 
 Miss Lefebvre : Sweet Lord in heaven. No. 
 (Miss Lefebvre makes the Sign of the Cross on herself, walks to Dawn's bed and looks at the body.) 
 Miss Lefebvre  (turning to Jason, angry): What did you do? 
 Jason : Me? 
 Sookie : I found her, Miss Lefebvre. He...just got here. 
 Miss Lefebvre : I saw you last night, Jason Stackhouse. I heard y'all fightin', then she took a shot at you, and you ran off. And now she's dead. 
 Sookie : Jason? 
 Jason : Yeah. We had a fight. But I came here to apologize. 
 (Jason holds up a small bouquet of flowers.) 
 Sookie : She fired a gun at you, and you come back to apologize? 
 Jason : Sook...I didn't do this! You gotta believe me. 
 Miss Lefebvre : Well, I'm calling the police. 
 (Miss Lefebvre leaves the room.) 
 Jason : Well, call 'em! 
 (Jason throws the bouquet across the room.) 
 Jason : I had nothing to do with this. 
 (Jason leaves the bedroom, then violently swings open the front door of Dawn's apartment (# 5044), sits on the porch, and looks over his left shoulder, frightened.) 
 Cut to opening credits to the tune of "Bad Things" by Jace Everett 
 Scene 2 : A crowd has gathered outside of Dawn's apartment. Sookie's car is parked directly in front. 
 Hoyt : I don't get it. She was so pretty. 
 Arlene : Well, maybe...it was just her time. 
 René : Ahhhhhh...she was only twen'y-t'ree years old. Ain't no twen'y-t'ree-year-old in the world whose time has come. 
 (Mrs. Fortenberry, holding a leaf fan, joins them.) 
 Mrs. Fortenberry : Hey, y'all. What'd I miss? 
 Hoyt : Dawn's dead, Mama. 
 Mrs. Fortenberry : I know. What a shame. Who they got in there? 
 Arlene : Jason and Sookie Stackhouse. She found the body, but it sounds like they think he might have done it. 
 Hoyt : Well, he didn't! 
 Mrs. Fortenberry : Then who did? 
 Arlene : I don't know. 
 Hoyt : Probably the same person that killed Maudette. 
 René : I tell you one t'ing, man. We too small a town to be losin' girls one after ta udder like this.Whoever it is, I hope they fry the <snip>. 
 Arlene : René! 
 René  (turns to Mrs. Fortenberry): Uh, pardon my language, Miss Maxine. 
 Mrs. Fortenberry : No need to apologize, René. We're all excited. Mmm, mmm! To be a fly on the wall 
 in that apartment right now! 
 Scene 3 : Close-up of Dawn's face, now uncovered. A fly has landed on her lower lip. Sheriff Bud Dearborne and Detective Andy Bellefleur are speaking with Sookie and Jason in Dawn's living room. 
 Sheriff Bud Dearborne  (to Sookie): Now, I realize you've been through a lot. And you're scared. But I need you to try and remember when you got here. Was the door open? Or just unlocked? 
 Sookie : Uh...o-open, I think. 
 (Bud writes "KILLER HAD KEY?" on a memo pad as Sookie begins hearing the thoughts of others in the apartment.) 
 Andy Bellefleur  (thinking):  It <snip> me off the way she keeps callin' me "Andy." Everyone calls Bud "sheriff." Why can't they call me "detective," <snip> damn it? When am I gonna get some respect around here? I'm a detective - [unintelligible] 
 Unnamed Police Officer in Dawn's bedroom  (thinking):  Would you look at that? A fine pair of perfect, natural breasts. I'd have laid down money that they were fake. Well done, God. Now and then, not so well done, letting her die like You did. 
 Jason  (thinking):  <snip>. <snip>. <snip> am I gonna do? I already got out of this once. No way they gonna let me walk again. And I'm too damned pretty to go to prison. 
 Sheriff Bud Dearborne : Sookie! 
 (Sookie is startled.) 
 Sookie : Sorry... um, what was the question? 
 Sheriff Bud Dearborne : Is that the exact position you found her in? 
 Sookie : Well, I covered her up with a sheet, but I don't think I touched her. 
 Sheriff Bud Dearborne : I wish you hadn't o' done that. 
 Sookie : Next time I find a friend of mine dead, I'll try to remember that. 
 Scene 4 : The crowd outside Dawn's apartment. 
 Mrs. Fortenberry  (fanning herself): Uhh! I keep waiting for this heat to break, but it won't. 
 Arlene : Uhh! It's the stubbornest summer we're having. 
 Mrs. Fortenberry : Oh, I know. I feel like a cat on a hot tin roof. That's from a play. 
 (Hoyt snorts and winces.) 
 René : Well, I sho could use a beer right now in me. Y'all want some? 
 (René walks toward (his/Arlene's/his and Arlene's, maybe?) apartment (# 5048).) 
 Hoyt : Yeah, if you're getting one. 
 Mrs. Fortenberry : Bring me one, wouldja? 
 Arlene : While you're in there, would you mind rustlin' up a bucket of ice? And some of those nice plastic cups we got at the Super Save-A-Bunch last weekend? 
 René : Yeah. 
 Arlene : And maybe some paper doilies? 
 René : Lord, woman, what's wit'choo and them doilies? Doilies are to protect the table. We outside. 
 Arlene : They might wanna put 'em down on the car or something. Just bring the doilies, please. 
 René : Fine. 
 (René goes inside.) 
 Arlene  (to Mrs. Fortenberry): If all our conversations end with them saying "fine," why do they bother putting up a fight? 
 (Arlene and Mrs. Fortenberry chuckle.) 
 Scene 5 : Detective Andy Bellefleur and Miss Lefebvre are seated in Dawn's living room. Andy questions her. 
 Andy Bellefleur : So this fight you heard Dawn and Jason havin': Were you able to make any of it out? 
 Miss Lefebvre : Just the tail end, right before the gunshot. He called her... 
 (An off-camera male voice is heard in the background, ostensibly coming from Dawn's bedroom. The commentary is very difficult to understand clearly, and continues for the duration of this scene.) 
 Miss Lefebvre : ...a very bad word. 
 Andy Bellefleur : Uh, huh. And what was that word? 
 (The male voice is heard saying "I found her underwear".) 
 Miss Lefebvre : Well...it starts with, uh...a "B". 
 Andy Bellefleur : I see. 
 (Andy writes "Bitch --> gunshot" on his memo pad. 
 The male voice is heard saying "shot".) 
 Andy Bellefleur : OK. That'll be all. Thank you, Miss Lefebvre. 
 Miss Lefebvre : Oh...you're welcome, Andy, dear. 
 (Miss Lefebvre smiles, pats Andy on the hand, gets up and leaves the apartment. Andy does a slow burn. 
 The male voice is heard saying "How undignified, dyin' without your underwear on.") 
 Scene 6 : Outside Dawn's apartment. Jason is handcuffed as Andy leads him to the police car, purposely bumping Jason into it. After opening the left rear door, Andy throws Jason into the car as Sookie watches from the front porch. Andy shuts the door, and Jason raises himself up to a seated position. 
 Jason : Ai...ai...it's hot. 
 (Jason tries to roll down the window. There is no handle inside the police car for him to do that.) 
 Jason  (screaming to Andy, who is still outside): Hey. Hey! Hey! You gonna make me wait in the car, can you at least turn on the A.C.? I know you can hear me! 
 (Andy puts on his sunglasses, pretending not to notice Jason.) 
 Jason : <snip>. [heavy sigh] Oh, <snip>. 
 (Jason takes out the vial of V-juice from his jeans pocket, looks around, uncaps the vial, and drinks the V-juice. Jason places the empty vial in the space between the right rear passenger side back and seat cushions just before Andy gets in the car.) 
 Jason : Couldn't hear me yellin'? Car's hotter than hell. 
 Andy Bellefleur : Shut up. 
 (An older-model sport-utility vehicle approaches, driven by Sam Merlotte. He is wearing sunglasses. Sookie is still standing on the front porch as Bud leaves the apartment.) 
 Sheriff Bud Dearborne : Thank you, Sookie. We'll be in touch. 
 Andy Bellefleur  (shouting) Bud! Let's roll before I melt in here! 
 Hoyt : Stop it, Mama! I don't need any sunblock. 
 (Mrs. Fortenberry is applying sunblock to Hoyt's bare arms and face as Arlene watches.) 
 Mrs. Fortenberry : Oh, please Hoyt. If anyone needs sunblock, it's you. Your skin's whiter than Desitin. 
 Hoyt : Mama, I'm gonna move out. I swear it, I will. 
 (Sam has exited his SUV and walks past the Fortenberrys toward Dawn's apartment.) 
 Mrs. Fortenberry : No, you won't! Now get down, so I can get your neck! 
 (Mrs. Fortenberry continues applying sunblock to Hoyt. Sam passes Bud as he enters the front passenger side of the police car. Andy starts the engine, sounds the siren, and the sound of the car leaving can be heard. Sookie is sitting down on the porch now, and looks up to see Sam, not wearing sunglasses.) 
 Sam : Came as soon as I heard. 
 (Sam sits down next to Sookie. He is holding his sunglasses in his left hand.) 
 Sam : I'm sorry you had to be the one to find her. 
 Sookie : It was gonna be somebody, right? 
 Sam : I guess. Oh, I tell you, Sook. Sometimes I don't even recognize this world we're livin' in. I mean, <snip> damn it! 
 Sookie : Be careful, now! God didn't do this. 
 (Sam chuckles quietly and smiles at Sookie.) 
 Sam : You think maybe I should...shut down the bar for the day? 
 Sookie : All that'd do is deny people a good, stiff drink on the day they could use it the most. 
 Sam : Yeah, but... 
 Sookie : I know it's supposed to be my day off and all, but the last thing I need right now is time alone with my thoughts. 
 Sam : All right, then. We'll open. 
 Sookie : I may be late, though. I gotta swing by home and tell Gran what's goin' on. 
 Sam : It's Bon Temps. She already knows. 
 Sookie : Still, with...Jason and everything... 
 Unnamed police officer  (off-camera): Excuse me, are you Mr. Merlotte? 
 (Sam and Sookie turn around to see an Unnamed Police Officer behind them.) 
 Sam : Yes: 
 Unnamed Police Officer : Detective in charge tells me you're the landlord. 
 Sam : That's right. 
 Unnamed Police Officer : We need to get in the victim's storage unit, but we don't have a key. If you could find one, it'd be a big help right about now. 
 (Sam stands up to take some keys on a key ring out of his pocket. He bends over, kisses Sookie on the top of her head. Sookie stares downward.) 
 Neil Jones  (off-camera): Uhh, Miss? 
 (Sookie turns her head to the front door to see Neil Jones, wearing a navy blue work vest with "CORONER" in gray letters across the back shoulders, and a navy blue ball-cap with "CORONER" across the front, trying to exit the front door.) 
 Neil Jones : Could you please let us by? 
 (Sookie moves to allow Neil Jones and the Coroner, Mike Spencer, by. Mike Spencer is wearing the same type of vest and ball-cap Neil Jones is wearing. The two are carrying what is probably Dawn's body in a black plastic bag. They move awkwardly along the narrow porch.) 
 Mike Spencer  (to Sookie): Neil Jones, my new apprentice. 
 (The top half of Neil Jones's face is obscured by the brim of the ball-cap he is wearing. He is Caucasian with brown hair.) 
 Mike Spencer : He's from Kentucky. 
 Neil Jones : Hi. 
 Sookie : Uh...hi. 
 Mike Spencer : Lift, kid. Come on, lift. Ugh! 
 (Sookie watches as Mike Spencer and Neil Jones take Dawn's body to a sport-utility vehicle.) 
 Mike Spencer : You don't have to be too careful. (small chuckle) Ain't gonna hurt her. 
 Neil Jones : OK. 
 (Mike Spencer and Neil Jones load the body into the back of the sport-utility vehicle. Sookie watches them, and we hear the rear doors of the sport-utility vehicle close.) 
 Scene 7 : The police station inside Bon Temps Town Hall. Bud and Andy are sitting on the same side of a desk, and Jason sits on the opposite side. There is a cassette recorder in front of Bud and Andy. There is a microphone on a stand in front of Jason, as is an opened cellophane wrapper. Bud is chewing on an unlit cigar. 
 Andy Bellefleur : So you had a fight. 
 (Jason licks his fingers.) 
 Andy Bellefleur : She took a shot at you with a gun, and you just left? Didn't see her again till you showed up with booze and flowers and found her dead this mornin'? 
 Jason : That's my story, and it ain't gonna change. 
 Andy Bellefleur : Except it just did change. You just admitted you're the one who found her, not Sookie. 
 Jason : Uh, no I didn't. Uh, you're tryin' to trick me! It don't count if I get tricked. Does it? 
 (Bud takes the cigar from his mouth.) 
 Andy Bellefleur : Make you hot, Jason? Killing girls and stickin' it to 'em? 
 (Jason fidgets.) 
 Jason : No. 
 Andy Bellefleur : See, I think it does. I think it turns you on. 
 Jason : Sounds to me like it turns you on. 
 (Bud laughs. Andy looks at him with an angry look on his face.) 
 Andy Bellefleur : Tell me, is that how you do it? Kill 'em then <snip> 'em? Or do you <snip> 'em and then kill 'em? Or I know... 
 (Andy stands up at looks down at Jason.) 
 Andy Bellefleur : You strangle 'em as you're <snip>' 'em, don't you, you sick <snip>? 
 (We see Jason's crotch from underneath the desk, and something is coming up for Jason. Something very hard for him to ignore. Jason looks down at his crotch, and crosses his hands over his lap.) 
 Andy Bellefleur : How many other women you done this to besides Dawn and Maudette? 
 Jason : Maudette? I...I didn't...I gotta use the bathroom. 
 (Jason turns to get up from his chair. He leaves the room, and Andy starts to follow him, but is grabbed by Bud.) 
 Sheriff Bud Dearborne : Man's gotta pee, Andy. 
 (Jason is walking very quickly past some cubicles, trying to find the bathroom.) 
 Jason  (to anyone in the cubicles within earshot): Bathroom? Bathroom? 
 (An Unnamed Cubicle Slave stands up and points to the bathroom.) 
 Unnamed Cubicle Slave : It's over there. 
 (Jason makes his way to the bathroom in the lobby of the police station. He winces in pain as he pushes open the door to the bathroom. He wanders to the sink and bends down over it. He unbuttons the front button of his jeans.) 
 Jason : Ahh. <snip>! 
 Andy Bellefleur  (off-camera): You shouldn't have laughed. 
 (Bud and Andy are sitting at the desk, waiting for Jason to return.) 
 Sheriff Bud Dearborne : What are you talking about? 
 Andy Bellefleur : When he came back at me with that crack about me bein' the one getting' turned on, you shouldn'ta laughed. 
 Sheriff Bud Dearborne : I guess it just struck me as funny, 'cause you were working so hard on him, and I don't think he did it. 
 (Jason is still in the bathroom, looking downward.) 
 Jason  (whispering): What the <snip>? 
 (Jason struggles to undo his jeans. Bud and Andy continue their discussion.) 
 Andy Bellefleur : Bud, we got two dead girls, and this dumb<snip> admits to sleepin' with both of 'em within hours before they were killed. 
 Sheriff Bud Dearborne : Yeah, and both our dead girls got bit by vampires too. Far as I can tell, Stackhouse don't have fangs. 
 (Jason is still at the sink in the bathroom trying to undo his jeans. He screams in agony. Bud and Andy hear Jason's scream at the desk. Jason falls against a wall and to the floor of the men's room, his right hand tucked into the front of his jeans. Bud and Andy get up from the desk to see what the matter is. When they get to the bathroom door, they find it is locked. Andy beats on the door with his open left hand. Jason looks as if he's about to cry, and hears Andy.) 
 Andy Bellefleur : What the hell you doing in there, Stackhouse? 
 Jason : I...I'll be out in a minute! 
 (Jason looks around.) 
 Jason : What the <snip> was that? 
 (Bud and Andy try to unlock the bathroom door, marked with a blue circular sign with pictographs for "man" and "woman" in white directly above the word "RESTROOM" in white letters. Jason uses the sink to raise himself slightly off the floor. Jason tries to get some paper towels from the dispenser next to the sink, but it seems to be empty.) 
 Jason : <snip>, you gotta be <snip> me! 
 (Jason turns to his right and unrolls a length of toilet paper, tears it up, and seems to stuff it in his jeans. 
 Tara has arrived at a building marked "Bon Temps Town Hall" on its exterior, parking her car in front of it. She exits the car, slams the car door, and quickly walks to the glass front door, surrounded by glass on either side and at the top. In the lobby, above the entry doors, see the numbers 4440 are seen in reverse. Tara is opening the front door as Bud and Andy are still trying to open the bathroom door.) 
 Jason  (from inside the men's room): I said, hold on. I'll be there. 
 (Tara enters the lobby and approaches Bud and Andy.) 
 Tara : Sheriff Dearborne. Andy. 
 (Bud and Andy turn toward Tara.) 
 Tara : I hear you guys brought Jason in. 
 (The words "City of Bon Temps" is seen in reverse on the glass entry door as it closes behind Tara.) 
 Andy Bellefleur : So? 
 Tara : You chargin' him with anything? 
 Sheriff Bud Dearborne : Not yet. 
 Andy Bellefleur : Just askin' him some questions. 
 Tara : I assume he's been properly Mirandized, then. 
 (Bud and Andy exercise their right to remain silent.) 
 Tara : Please tell me you informed him he has a right to have an attorney present. 
 Andy Bellefleur : Maybe. Doesn't matter though, 'cause he's got you here now. (Andy snorts) 
 Tara : Is that funny 'cause I'm a woman or 'cause I'm a black woman? 
 Andy Bellefleur : I thought it was funny, you know, just 'cause you can talk like a lawyer, but you ain't one. 
 Sheriff Bud Dearborne : How do you know all this anyway? You been takin' night classes? 
 Tara : School is just for white people looking for other white people to read to 'em. I figure I save my money and read to myself. 
 (Jason opens the bathroom door, somewhat sweaty, nods slightly at Bud and Andy, and looks at Tara.) 
 Jason : Tara... 
 Tara : I'm gettin' you out of here. 
 Andy Bellefleur : Like hell you are. 
 Tara : You chargin' him with anything? 
 (Jason walks between Bud and Andy toward Tara.) 
 Sheriff Bud Dearborne  (to Andy): She's right. We can't hold him. 
 Andy Bellefleur : He can't say where he was last night. The least he coulda done was make some <snip> up. 
 Jason : Listen, I told you where I was. I was... home alone. Sleepin'. 
 Andy Bellefleur : You never sleep alone, Stackhouse, and you know it! 
 Tara : Guys, he was wit' me. 
 Sheriff Bud Dearborne  (off-camera): What's this, now? 
 Andy Bellefleur : If y'all were together last night, how come he don't seem to know it? 
 Tara : Because I asked him not to tell anybody about us. And he's just surprised to hear me bein' the one blabbin' about it. Aren't you, baby? 
 Jason : Umm... 
 (Jason looks at Andy.) 
 Jason : ...yeah. 
 Andy Bellefleur : Wha...? 
 (Andy snickers.) 
 Andy Bellefleur  (to Bud): You buyin' this? 
 (Tara looks directly at Bud and Andy as Jason looks at the floor.) 
 Tara : People think just because we got vampires out in the open now, race isn't the issue no more. But you ever see the way folks look at mixed couples in this town? Race may not be the hot-button issue it once was, but it's still a button you can push on people. 
 Sheriff Bud Dearborne : Would you be willin' to go on record with this? 
 Tara : Yes. 
 Sheriff Bud Dearborne : Understandin' you're lyin', you'd be guilty... 
 Tara : Perjury. (nods) I know. You got a Bible? I'll swear on it right here. Jason and I were together last night and it was a beautiful thing. 
 (Tara looks lovingly at Jason and moves closer to him. Jason looks at Tara, smiles, and nods. Bud and Andy look at one another in disbelief.) 
 Sheriff Bud Dearborne : OK. You're free to go. 
 Andy Bellefleur : Ohh...Jesus! 
 Tara  (to Jason): Come on, baby. Let's take you home. 
 Jason : OK, baby. 
 (Jason nods at Bud and Andy, shoves open the door and leaves the Town Hall with Tara, flashing a "peace" sign as he walks away.) 
 Scene 8 : The kitchen of Gran's and Sookie's house. Gran is walking to the kitchen sink when Sookie walks in from the dining room. 
 Sookie : Hey, Gran. 
 (Gran looks up from the sink at Sookie.) 
 Gran : I heard. 
 Sookie : About Jason too? 
 Gran : Um, hmm. He didn't do it, you know. 
 Sookie : I know. 
 Gran : Jason may be many things, but he's not a murderer. 
 Sookie : I know... 
 (Sookie takes a step toward Gran.) 
 Gran : The thing is though, Sookie...in all the years that I've lived in Bon Temps, I can't recall but...two, maybe three murders, and now there are two in one week. People are not gonna stand for it. And if the police can't find the person who did it, they're gonna find Jason. He needs your help. 
 Sookie : Gran, how am I supposed to... 
 Gran : You use the gift God gave you. Listen in on people, keep your ears open. You're bound to hear somethin'. 
 Sookie : It's got nothing to do with my ears. 
 Gran : Whatever it is you use to listen, use it. He is your brother, Sookie. 
 (Sookie nods.) 
 Sookie : OK. 
 Gran : Good girl! 
 (Gran hugs Sookie. Sookie smiles and nods, then leaves.) 
 Scene 9 : Evening. The parking lot of Merlotte's looks full. Inside, Sookie is taking an order from the kitchen to a table. 
 Lafayette  (off-camera): Come and pick up your <snip> orders out the window... 
 (Sookie looks around, hearing thoughts. She sees a man with a mustache sitting at a booth with a blond woman.) 
 Man With Mustache  (thinking):  Who killed Dawn? I wonder if he had s*x with her or not. Seems like a waste if he didn't. She sure was pretty. Never even looked at me. 
 Older blond woman in blue shirt  (thinking; off-camera):  Can't get that letter in Cosmo out of my head. 
 (Sookie sees an older blond woman in a blue shirt at a different table.) 
 Older blond woman in blue shirt  (thinking):  How much better could an orgasm with a vampire be? I wonder, is it that much better? 
 (Sookie notices a good ol' boy sitting elsewhere in the restaurant.) 
 Good ol' boy  (thinking):  What the hell is this world coming to? Dead <snip> s, <snip> s, and regular folk all livin' together. If God wanted it like this, he'd have made us look the same. It ain't good. Maybe these really are the end times. 
 Large woman  (thinking; off-camera):  I don't know what everybody's so upset about... 
 (Sookie notices a large woman with curly hair sitting at a booth, licking her fingers.) 
 Large woman with curly hair  (thinking):  If you ask me, these whores had it comin', hangin' out in vampire bars. That ain't natural, and it ain't safe. 
 (Sookie takes the order to her customer, an older large woman with short, straight hair, resting her head on her left hand.) 
 Sookie's Customer  (thinking):  You seem sad that girl is dead. I wonder if y'all were friends. And if you were, that means you're probably next. <snip> fang-bangers... 
 (Sookie places the plates of food on the table. The customer smiles slightly at Sookie.) 
 Sookie's Customer : Thank you. 
 Sookie's Customer  (thinking)  ... crazy, every last one of you. Just like those women who write love letters to serial killers... 
 (Sookie leaves her customer's booth when her customer looks at her order.) 
 Sookie's Customer : Hey...hey! I asked for ranch dressing with these fries. 
 (Sookie and Arlene approach the bar simultaneously. Arlene places her tray on the bar, and the bartender places a draft beer in a mug on it.) 
 Arlene  (to the bartender): Two margaritas. 
 Arlene  (to Sookie): That Dawn sure left us high and dry, didn't she? 
 (Arlene adjusts her apron.) 
 Sookie : It's not like she meant not to be here. 
 Arlene : I know, but if she didn't spend her nights off at that vamp bar in Shreveport, she still would be. 
 Sookie : Did I just hear you right, Arlene? You ought to be ashamed of yourself. 
 Arlene : Oh, please. Ain't there even a part of you think she had it comin'? 
 Sookie : No! Not a single part. And I'm takin' your ranch. 
 (Sookie takes a small bowl of ranch dressing off Arlene's tray and walks away as the bartender places two margaritas on the tray.) 
 Arlene : Hey! 
 (Tara walks into Merlotte's. As the camera follows her, Sam is revealed to be tending bar.) 
 Sam : You're late. 
 Tara : Sorry, boss. 
 (Tara ties an apron around her waist.) 
 Sam : Hey, listen. We should probably talk. About last night. 
 Tara : What about last night? 
 Sam : You're gonna make this hard on me, aren't you? 
 Tara : Actually, no, I'm gonna make it very, very easy. Nothing happened between us last night. And if anybody asks, you didn't see me at all, OK? I'm tellin' people I spent the night with Jason. 
 Sam : Jason Stackhouse? 
 Tara : Yes. I was with Jason Stackhouse last night, and if you say different, they're gonna haul both our asses into jail. 
 Sam : You lied to the police for him? <snip>, Tara. I know you carry a torch for the guy, but... I don't get it, I really don't. 
 Tara : There's more to Jason than meets than eye. Deep down he is a very good person. 
 (Tara walks away from Sam.) 
 Scene 10 : Jason's house. He is sitting down, shirtless, a hand towel draped over his shoulders, drinking beer from a bottle and pleasuring himself while watching p0rn on TV. After he finishes the task at hand, he looks downward, seemingly upset. 
 Jason : <snip>! Go <snip> down. 
 (Frustrated, Jason begins pleasuring himself again. He seems to be somewhat impatient.) 
 Jason : Oh, come on. 
 (The video ends, the TV screen goes blue, then displays a news show on TBBN. Part of the caption reads "Violence in the Middle East".) 
 News Announcer  (off-screen): In Iraq today, 10 U.S. Marines were killed when a... 
 (Jason is reclining on his bed, with a painful expression on his face. He looks at his right hand. There is a large blister between his thumb and index finger.) 
 Jason  (whispering): Ahh...<snip>! 
 (Jason looks down toward his crotch, and begins to cry.) 
 Jason  (whispering): Oh, baby. My sweet, sweet baby! 
 Scene 11 : Merlotte's. Sookie walks past some men playing pool. She has two mugs of beer on her tray. She sets one down on a shelf on a wall near the pool table, and as she walks away, she hears thoughts from a large older man sitting at a booth with a large older blond woman. 
 Large Older Man  (thinking):  Sure is too bad about Dawn. I already miss the way her butt used to hang out of the bottom of her shorts. 
 Large Older Blond Woman  (thinking; looking at Sookie):  Sookie Stackhouse, I hope that brother of yours gets what he deserves and he fries for what he's done. They were trash. 
 (Sookie looks around, and sees Hoyt.) 
 Hoyt  (thinking):  Crying shame is what it is. This place ain't gonna be the same without Dawn. She had the prettiest, nicest smile. Why was I so scared to talk to her? I'll never know what her voice sounded like. I bet it sounded like angels and parakeets mixed together. 
 (Sookie turns to Hoyt and approaches him.) 
 Sookie : Hoyt Fortenberry. 
 (Hoyt turns around, looks nervously at Sookie.) 
 Sookie : I just wanted to say thank you. 
 Hoyt : For...uhh...for what? 
 (Sookie gets up on her tiptoes and kisses Hoyt on his left cheek. He beams, and laughs.) 
 Hoyt : OK. Umm...all right then. 
 (Sookie leaves Hoyt and walks over to Jason.) 
 Sookie : Jason, you look me in the eye and you tell me the truth: did you kill Dawn? 
 Jason : What? No. Jesus, Sook. Look, when Maudette died, I thought I might'a done it. And it turned out I didn't. With Dawn, I don't even think I might'a done it, so I know I didn't. 
 Sookie : You swear? 
 Jason : But the way you're actin', it seems like you want it to be me. 
 Sookie : Sorry. Gr..Gran asked me to listen in on folks, see if I can't clear your name. And sometimes it's hard... 
 Jason : Yih-yih-yih...I gotta stop you, because it sounds like you're revvin' up for a long one. And I really need to see Lafayette. Talk to you later. 
 (Jason leaves Sookie and goes to the kitchen of Merlotte's, where Lafayette is chopping green, yellow, and red peppers. Jason opens the door to the kitchen.) 
 Jason : What the <snip>, Lafayette? 
 (Lafayette, wearing a tight green t-shirt, a white apron, and a magenta babushka, doesn't look at Jason.) 
 Lafayette : I'm busy. What's your problem? 
 Jason : My problem is my <snip>! 
 (Lafayette looks over at Jason.) 
 Jason : It's been hard since three o'clock! Now, somethin' went wrong with that vamp... 
 (Lafayette stops chopping.) 
 Lafayette : Will you shut the <snip> up? 
 Jason : Sorry. 
 (Lafayette looks around to see if anyone heard, then looks over at Jason.) 
 Lafayette : It's your loud ass. And ain't nothing wrong with the <snip> I sold you. 
 Jason : What the hell is it? 
 Lafayette : How much you take? 
 Jason : The whole thing. 
 (Lafayette looks down, and laughs.) 
 Lafayette : You took the whole thing? You a dizzy <snip>. I said one drop, two max, and you took the whole thing? 
 Jason : I was in the back seat of a cop car, I had it on me, and I panicked, OK? Now, just give me somethin' to make it go away, I don't care what it costs. 
 Lafayette : Ain't no antidote to V, boyfriend. 
 (Lafayette chuckles.) 
 Jason : When my grandpa was alive, he had gout. And he said just the weight of a sheet on his big toe was too much to bear. So help me God, that's exactly what this feels like. 
 Lafayette : Maybe you should try rubbin' one out. 
 Jason : Were you listenin' to me? (yelling) I got gout of the <snip>! 
 Scene 12 : Bill enters Merlotte's and acknowledges Tara behind the bar, who takes a step back. Bill walks to find a place to sit. 
 Unknown Female Voice : Vampires. 
 (The men who were playing pool stare at Bill. Bill finds an empty booth and sits down. Arlene looks around and sees Sookie waiting on other customers.) 
 Sookie : Any fries for you? 
 (Arlene walks to Bill's booth. Tara has her arms folded, and has a mean look on her face as she looks at Bill. Arlene proceeds to take Bill's order.) 
 Arlene : What you want? 
 Bill : May I have a bottle of O Negative, please? 
 (Sookie looks around to see Arlene waiting on Bill.) 
 Arlene : Um, A Negative's all we got. 
 Bill : A Negative then. 
 (Arlene writes down Bill's order, as Bill attempts some small talk with her.) 
 Bill : Pretty crowded in here tonight. Something going on? 
 (Arlene walks away without answering Bill. Bill looks around and sees Sookie, who's looking at him. Arlene turns in her order to Tara.) 
 Tara : Sam just bought a case. We got O Neg and A Neg, plenty o' each. 
 Arlene  (making a face): <snip> him. I'm giving him A. And don't microwave it neither. He can have it cold. 
 Tara : You are so bad. 
 (Tara gets a bottle of Tru:Blood from the cooler, and places it on Arlene's tray. Sookie approaches Arlene and confronts her.) 
 Sookie : Are we out of O? 
 Arlene : Blood is blood. What difference does it make? 
 Sookie : He prefers O. I'll take it to him if you like. 
 Arlene : Well, good. He gives me the creeps. 
 (Arlene walks away, and Sookie takes the Tru:Blood and a cocktail napkin to Bill. After placing the napkin and bottle on the table, Sookie grabs Bill's right arm.) 
 Sookie : Come on. 
 Bill : Where are we going? 
 (Bill stands up, taking his Tru:Blood with him, and goes to the customer parking lot with Sookie as Sam watches.) 
 Sookie . You know my friend who works here? Dawn? Someone killed her last night. 
 Bill : How? 
 Sookie : Say you're sorry. 
 Bill : Excuse me? 
 Sookie : You wanna learn to fit in with people? You gotta say you're sorry. You don't even have to mean it. Lord knows they don't most of the time. 
 Bill : I am sorry. 
 Sookie : Thank you. Anyway, I'm the one who found her. Strangled. Cops think it was my brother. 
 Bill : Was it? 
 Sookie : No, he's not capable of it. 
 Bill : I've been around long enough to know just about anyone is capable of just about anything. 
 Sookie : He didn't do it. 
 (Bill nods.) 
 Sookie : So I've been listening in on people's thoughts, hopin' I might hear something to clear him. And apparently there's this vampire bar where Maudette and Dawn used to hang out at in Shreveport. You know it? 
 Bill : Fangtasia. 
 Sookie : Fang-tay-sha? 
 Bill : You have to remember that most vampires are very old. Puns used to be the highest form of humor. 
 Sookie : Well, I was thinkin' if I went there, I could do some sniffin' around. You think maybe you could take me? 
 Bill : How about tonight? 
 Sookie : The sooner the better. I just gotta tell Sam I'm leavin', then run home and change. 
 Bill : Meet you there. 
 Sookie  (smiling): Thank you. Bill, I'm askin' you this as a friend, OK? This is not a date. 
 Bill : Fine. 
 Sookie  (grinning): It's not a date. I'm serious. 
 Bill : As am I. 
 (Bill watches Sookie as she returns to Merlotte's.) 
 
 
 
 Scene 13 : Sookie opens a door marked "PRIVATE". It is Sam's office. Sam is sitting in front of his computer, his back to Sookie. 
 Sookie : Hey, Sam? 
 (Sam turns around to look at Sookie.) 
 Sookie : Is it all right if I take the rest of the night off? 
 Sam : Why? 
 Sookie : I need to go to that vampire bar in Shreveport so I can snoop around and see if I can clear my brother's name, and Mr. Compton was kind enough to agree to take me. 
 Sam : Mr. Compton. Oh, Jesus. Sookie, you gonna get yourself killed, you know that? 
 Sookie : I'll be fine. 
 Sam : Hey, the fact that you think you'll be fine only proves just how not fine you're gonna be. Vampires think about one thing, and one thing only: drinking your blood. 
 Sookie : Oh, like humans aren't bloodthirsty? All those people out there want to see my brother hang for a crime he didn't commit. Is that what you want? 
 Sam : No. I'm not saying don't help your brother... 
 Sookie : And frankly, Sam, I'm surprised at you. I thought you were for the Vampire Rights Amendment. 
 Sam : Well, I think they should have their own bars. I just don't think people ought to go there. 
 Sookie : So you wanna return to the days of "separate but equal"? 
 Sam : I don't give a <snip> about equal. We can give 'em more than we got. Just so long as everything's separate. 
 Sookie : Well, I'm sorry you feel that way, but...I'm goin'. 
 Sam : I can't stop you. 
 Sookie : No. You can't. 
 (Sookie turns and leaves Sam's office, not closing the door. Sam rocks back in his chair and strokes his chin.) 
 Scene 14 : A car is driving on a road. Inside, Sookie is seated on the passenger side while Bill drives. Sookie is wearing a red and white dress with shoulder straps, and her hair is not in a ponytail. Music plays on the car stereo. Sookie looks at Bill. 
 Sookie : Penny for your thoughts. 
 Bill : I thought you liked not knowing my thoughts. 
 Sookie : Most of the time I do. 
 Bill : You won't care for it. 
 Sookie : That doesn't mean I don't wanna know. 
 Bill  (looking at Sookie): You look like vampire bait. 
 Sookie  (laughing): What's that supposed to mean? 
 Bill : I promised your grandmother no harm would come to you at Fangtasia tonight. I'm not sure I'm gonna be able to keep that promise with you dressed like this. 
 Sookie : So are you saying you think I look nice? 
 Bill : Doesn't matter what I think. This isn't a date, remember? 
 Scene 15 : The kitchen at Merlotte's. Tara is carrying a crate of tomatoes to the walk-in. She opens the door of the walk-in, and passes through thick, translucent plastic sheeting, the same type a woman asked Tara about at Super Save-A-Bunch in S1E1. 
 Tara : This ain't a part of my job description, <snip> damn it. 
 Jason : Don't turn around! 
 (Tara turns around.) 
 Tara : What? 
 (Jason is sitting on the floor of the walk-in, with his jeans around his ankles and a raw steak on his crotch.) 
 Jason : I said don't look at me. 
 Tara : What the hell are you doin'? 
 Jason : I think I might'a OD'd. 
 Tara : Oh, my God. On what? 
 (Tara moves toward Jason and places the crate of tomatoes on the floor.) 
 Jason : V. 
 Tara  (irritated): You're doin' V now? 
 Jason : It was my first time. 
 Tara : Where on earth did you come across V in this town? 
 Jason : Lafayette. 
 Tara : My cousin is dealin' vampire blood now? <snip> damn idiot. Well, at least that explains why I walked in on you dancin' around in that Laura Bush mask yesterday, 'cause I gotta tell you, without a reason, that was some <snip> up <snip>. 
 (Jason laughs nervously.) 
 Tara : All right, let me see it. 
 Jason  (looking up at Tara): Huh? 
 Tara : How long have you had the erection? 
 Jason : Well, how do you know? 
 Tara : Um, I read. You're not the first vain-ass, body-conscious ex-jock to overdo the V and wind up with an acute case of priapism. 
 Jason : Pie what? 
 Tara : Priapism. Now lift the rib-eye and let me see what we're dealin' wit'. 
 (Jason removes the steak from his crotch.) 
 Tara : Oh, Jason, that's... 
 Jason : Yeah, it's bad, ain't it? 
 Tara : Sweetie, we gotta get you to a hospital now. 
 Jason : No. No. No hospitals. No way. 
 Tara : Do you want to keep your <snip> or not? 
 Scene 16 : The door at Fangtasia. There's a bouncer in a black t-shirt with his arms crossed. Bill, Sookie, and others approach the door. Sookie and Bill are holding hands, and walk into the club, its red walls dimly lit. A disco version of "Don't Fear the Reaper" plays. 
 Pam : Bill. Haven't seen you in a while. 
 (Pam's hair is pulled back. She's wearing a black bustier and a necklace. She does not smile.) 
 Bill : I'm mainstreamin'. 
 Pam : Good for you. Who's the doll? 
 Bill : Pam, this is Sookie. Sookie, this is Pam. 
 Sookie  (smiling): Pleased to meet you. 
 (Sookie extends her hand to Pam, who looks disdainfully at it. Sookie makes a puzzled look with her face, then looks at Bill.) 
 Pam  (to Sookie): Can I see your ID? 
 Sookie (smiling): Oh. Sure. How funny. Who'd have thought? Getting' carded at a vampire bar. 
 Pam : I can no longer tell human ages. We must be careful we serve no minors...in any capacity. Twenty-five, huh? How sweet it is. 
 (Bill and Sookie leave Pam.) 
 Sookie : This feels a little bit like what a vampire bar would look like if it were a...a ride at Disney World. 
 Bill : Well, don't get too comfortable. It tends to get more authentic as the night wears on. 
 (Bill and Sookie approach the bar.) 
 Bill : Can I get you somethin' to drink? 
 Sookie : Uh, please. 
 (Longshadow, a tattooed vampire with long, black hair, shirtless but wearing a black leather vest and a necklace, is tending bar. He does not smile as he greets Bill.) 
 Longshadow : How's it goin', Bill? 
 Bill : Very well. 
 Longshadow : I'll say it is. (Looking at Sookie) This your meal for tonight? 
 Bill : This is my friend Sookie. Sookie, Longshadow. 
 Sookie : Nice to meet you. 
 (Longshadow stares at Sookie.) 
 Sookie : I'll have a gin and tonic, please. 
 Bill : And I'll have a bottle of O Negative. 
 (Bill notices a young male vampire dressed in a black leather vest and shorts, looking at Bill and dancing seductively. Bill seems uneasy.) 
 Bill : Longshadow, Sookie here would like to know if she could ask you a few questions. Would this be acceptable? 
 (Sookie takes a couple of photographs from her purse and hands them to Longshadow.) 
 Sookie : I just have a couple of pictures I'd love you to take a look at. You recognize either of these women? 
 Longshadow : Yeah, I seen 'em both here before. 
 Sookie : Great, thank you. And do you also happen to remember who they hung around with? 
 Longshadow : That's something we don't notice here. You won't either. 
 Sookie : OK, then. Thank you. I appreciate you taking the time. 
 Longshadow  (holding up a vertically oriented picture, presumably of Maudette): This one. She wanted to die. 
 Sookie : How do you know? 
 Longshadow : Everyone who comes here does, in their own way. That's who we are: Death. 
 (Longshadow hands the pictures back to Sookie, and Bill takes the O Negative and the gin and tonic, and he and Sookie leave to find a table. The young male vampire dancer has caught the eye of several other young males. Bill and Sookie sit down at an unoccupied cocktail table near a red and white "Red Wolf" neon sign. Sookie looks around, and hears a stray thought.) 
 Bald man with mustache  (thinking):  Oh, my God. He's so powerful. So beautiful. The closer I step, the more beautiful he gets. 
 (A blond male with pale skin is dressed in black and seated in a large chair on a small stage. His face is visible, but his eyes are hidden in shadow.) 
 Bald man with mustache  (walking and looking at the blond male; thinking):  You can do this. Just walk up there and offer yourself to him... 
 Bill : How's your drink? 
 Sookie : A gin and tonic's pretty much a gin and tonic no matter where you drink it. 
 Bill : I know exactly what you mean. 
 (Sookie looks at the blond male.) 
 Sookie : Who's that? 
 Bill : Oh, you noticed him, did you? 
 Sookie : No, it's not like that. I just.. 
 Bill : Everyone does. That's Eric. He's the oldest thing in this bar. 
 (Eric is still seated in the large chair on the stage, not looking at the bald man with a mustache who is kneeling in front of him. When the bald man touches Eric's knee, Eric kicks him away. The bald man flies halfway across the club, and lands on the floor, bleeding from a cut above his right temple. As the bald man tries to get up, he is approached by a young-looking female vampire with her short hair in a bob, and dressed in a black leather dress and long black leather gloves) 
 Taryn : Hi. 
 (The bald man looks up at her in fear.) 
 Taryn : I'm Taryn. 
 (Taryn helps up the bald man and leads him away.) 
 Bill  (to Sookie): Still think you're in Disney World? 
 Scene 17 : The hospital. A doctor is examining Jason's eyes with a flashlight. The doctor wears round, wire-framed glasses. Tara is in the examination room with them. 
 Doctor : You say that this has never happened to you before? 
 Jason : No, sir. 
 Doctor : Well, no sign of hypertension. Huhn. 
 (The doctor turns off the flashlight.) 
 Doctor : I'm gonna ask a question, son. And I'm gonna need you to be honest with me. 
 (The doctor is sitting at a small desk with cabinets. His glasses are now in his left hand.) 
 Doctor : Have you taken any drugs today? 
 (Jason is shown sitting on the examination table, wearing a brown t-shirt with "Big Jim's Tavern" on the chest. Despite being covered with a blue sheet from the waist down, Jason's predicament is obvious.) 
 Jason : No. No, that's a negative. 
 Doctor : So no marijuana, then? 
 (Jason shakes his head "no"). 
 Doctor : How about cocaine? 
 (Jason shakes his head "no"). 
 Doctor : Meth? 
 Jason : No. 
 Doctor : Vampire blood? 
 Jason : What? Hell, that's sick. I mean, to even suggest that is... 
 Doctor : Yeah, yeah, you'd never do anything like that. All right. 
 (The doctor puts his glasses on.) 
 Doctor : Let's have a look. 
 (The doctor lifts up the blue sheet and gasps.) 
 Doctor : Oh, boy. Sure glad I'm not you. That looks kind of like an eggplant, what with that color and the way it's all swole up at the end... 
 (Jason pulls the blue sheet down to cover himself.) 
 Jason : Can you fix it? 
 Doctor : Ordinarily we like to treat this in stages. First and least radical being an injection of anti-inflammatory drugs into the pen1s. 
 Jason : A needle in my <snip>? That's the least radical thing you can do? 
 Doctor : It is, yes. But you've progressed to the point where I don't think you'd benefit from that treatment at all. In my opinion, we need to aspirate. 
 (Jason looks at the doctor with a puzzled look on his face.) 
 Doctor : I need to drain the blood out of your pen1s. 
 (Jason looks scared. A baby is crying in the background. The doctor takes the cap off the needle of a syringe) 
 Tara : OK, I'll leave you to it. 
 (Tara picks up her purse, and Jason grabs her left arm, still keeping his eyes on the syringe in the doctor's hand.) 
 Jason : Where are you goin'? 
 Tara : Look, I will admit to sometimes having a sick curiosity about medical <snip>, but I ain't that <snip> curious. 
 Jason  (looking at Tara): Tara, stay with me? 
 Tara : I ain't never gonna be the same after this. 
 Jason : Uh, you're not? 
 Doctor : Are you ready, son? 
 (The doctor, seated on a stool with casters, rolls over to Jason.) 
 Jason : Whoa, whoa...ain't you gonna put me out or somethin'? 
 Doctor : Oh, I don't think we can afford the time it would take to sedate you. Besides, without knowing what other substances you've taken, I don't wanna risk a drug interaction. Now, just lean on back there for me. 
 (Jason leans back, looking at Tara.) 
 Doctor : There you go. 
 Jason : Tara...? 
 Tara : It's... it's gonna be OK. You gotta breathe, though. 
 (Jason grabs Tara's left hand and breathes heavily.) 
 Doctor : All right, then. You're gonna feel a stick in three, two... 
 (Jason screams.) 
 Scene 18 : Merlotte's at closing time. Sam is behind the bar. 
 Arlene : Sam? I hate to ask, but would you mind walkin' me to my car tonight? 
 Sam : No problem. Arlene...don't hate to ask. Not with what's been goin' on. 
 Arlene : Well, I ain't never been with no vampire. But still...y'know, you can't be too...safe, you know? 
 Sam : Um, hmm. Get the lights for me, would you? 
 Arlene : OK. 
 (The lights are turned off. Sam puts something in his right front jeans pocket and turns off a small electronic device with a blue display screen. The camera focuses a picture of Dawn with Sam on the wall behind some glasses.) 
 Arlene  (off-screen): I'm used to livin' in a small town and knowin' everybody in it. You knew you were safe. It's a new day now. 
 Sam  (off-screen): Don't I know it. 
 Scene 19 : Fangtasia. The club is in full swing. Dance music plays in the background. 
 Unknown male #1  (thinking):  How come no one <snip> me? I got a dog collar too. 
 Unknown male #2  (thinking):  Hey, Morticia. How'd you like me to rip that tape off your <snip>? 
 Unknown male #3  (thinking):  It ain't gay if a guy's a vampire, is he? 
 Unknown clean-cut youthful male  (thinking):  I'm gonna get in a fight if I don't <snip> a vampire tonight. 
 (Bill and Sookie are still sitting at the cocktail table.) 
 Bill : You able to pick up anything? 
 Sookie : All anyone's thinkin' about here is s*x, s*x, s*x. 
 Bill  (smiling): One needn't be telepathic to pick up on that. 
 (Eric is still seated in his large chair on the stage. Pam whispers in his ear. Eric looks in the direction of Bill and Sookie.) 
 Bill : Uh, oh. 
 Sookie : Don't say "uh-oh." Vampires are not supposed to say "uh-oh." 
 (Eric and Pam are looking directly at Bill.) 
 Bill : It's Eric. He's scanned you twice. He's goin' to summon us. 
 Sookie : He can do that? 
 Bill : Yeah. 
 (Eric raises his right hand and motions to Bill. Bill takes Sookie's hand. They leave their table and join Eric, still seated, and Pam, standing next to him.) 
 Eric : Bill Compton. It has been a while. 
 Bill : Yes, well...I've been... 
 Eric : Mainstreaming. I heard. I see that is... 
 (Eric looks at Sookie.) 
 Eric : ...going well for you. 
 Bill : Yes, of course. Uh, sorry. Eric, this is my friend... 
 Eric : Sookie Stackhouse. 
 Sookie : How do you know my name? 
 Pam : I never forget a pretty face. (Pointing to her forehead) You're in my vault. 
 Sookie  (to Pam): Great. That's just great. 
 Sookie  (to Eric): It's nice to meet you. 
 Eric  (apparently unmoved): Well, aren't you sweet. 
 Sookie : Not really. 
 (Eric turns to Pam, and mutters something to her in an unknown language.) 
 Pam  (also in an unknown language): Yah vee-INN. 
 Eric : Miss Stackhouse, I understand you've been asking questions about some of my customers. 
 Sookie : Yes, I have. 
 Eric : If you have anything to ask, you should ask it of me. 
 Sookie : All rightie. 
 (Sookie hands the photos of Maudette and Dawn to Eric.) 
 Sookie : You recognize either one of these girls? 
 (Eric looks at the pictures. Pam looks at them over his shoulder.) 
 Eric : Hmm...(pointing to the vertically-oriented picture of Maudette) well, this one offered herself to me. But I found her too pathetic for my attentions. Now, this one, however...(pointing to the other photograph, presumably of Dawn) I have tasted. 
 (Sookie looks nervous.) 
 Pam : I remember 'em both. 
 Sookie : On account of the vault? 
 (Bill tightly grasps Sookie's right hand with his left hand. Eric looks hard at Sookie.) 
 Pam : Never had either of them, though. They weren't really my type. 
 Sookie : Well...(grabbing the photos from Eric's hand) thank you very much. That is all your time I need to take. 
 Eric : I'm not finished with you yet! 
 (Eric smiles.) 
 Eric : Please. Sit. 
 (Sookie sits to the right of Eric and Pam. Bill remains standing in front of Eric.) 
 Eric  (looking at Sookie): So, Bill. Are you quite attached to your friend? 
 Bill : She is mine! 
 Sookie : Yes. I am his. 
 Eric : What a pity. For me. 
 (Eric scopes out Sookie.) 
 Eric  (to Bill): Sit with us. We have catching up to do, you and I. It has been too long. 
 Bill  (hesitantly): Yes. 
 (Bill sits at Eric's left. Eric continues to look at Sookie with some interest. Sookie begins hearing the thoughts of an undercover cop wearing a shirt with mesh sleeves and a trucker's cap with "--something--RIDGE LOUNGE" on the front of it. He's with a young-looking woman.) 
 Undercover cop  (thinking):  Where the <snip> are they? My backup was supposed to be here 15 minutes ago. I can't handle a raid on my own. These <snip> vampires... 
 Sookie : We have to get out of here. 
 Bill : Sookie... 
 Sookie : Eric, the cops are coming. There's gonna be a raid... 
 (Eric and Pam look at Sookie.) 
 Eric : You're not an undercover cop, are... 
 Sookie : I'm not, but that man in the hat is. 
 Eric : Even if you're right, we do nothing illegal here. 
 (Sookie catches the image of the bald man with a mustache and Taryn in a bathroom stall. Taryn is cradling his head, and licking the blood from the cut on his head. She raises up her head with her mouth open, lips and chin covered with his blood, her fangs exposed.) 
 Bald man with a mustache  (thinking):  Go ahead and do it. Open me up. I don't care. Make me feel something. 
 (Taryn bites the bald man.) 
 Sookie : There's a vampire named Taryn in the ladies' room with that man you kicked before. She's feeding on him. 
 Pam : How do you know this? 
 (Eric and Bill look at Sookie.) 
 Unnamed Police Officer #2  (off-camera): Freeze! 
 (Eric, Pam, the Undercover Cop and the young-looking woman he's with turn their heads in the direction of the voice.) 
 Unnamed Police Officer #2 : Police! Freeze! Don't move! 
 (The crowd moves anyway as police officers, dressed in combat gear, enter the club.) 
 Eric : Follow me. 
 (Pam, Bill and Sookie follow Eric as the police conduct their raid. Eric shoves open a door at the back of the club leading outside, and all quickly exit the building. Bill picks up Sookie in his arms. Eric and Pam move away, as if they're hovering instead of walking. And as they do, Eric turns his head to Sookie.) 
 Eric : I enjoyed meeting you, Miss Stackhouse. You will come again. 
 (Eric and Pam seem to move away very quickly. Bill runs with Sookie in his arms.) 
 Scene 20 : Jason is sleeping in the front passenger seat as Tara drives, remembering a time when she was a little girl, running down a dirt road. 
 Lettie Mae  (off-camera): Tara? 
 (A younger Lettie Mae stumbles as she chases her daughter to the Stackhouse home.) 
 Lettie Mae : Tara? 
 (Young Tara runs up to the porch, opens the screen door and knocks on the front door.) 
 Young Tara : Sookie! 
 (Lettie Mae stops a short distance away from the house, and seems to have difficulty standing.) 
 Lettie Mae : Get your ugly self down here! 
 (Young Tara pounds the door furiously. A little boy opens the door. It is Jason.) 
 Young Jason : Hey, Tara. Sookie ain't home. 
 Young Tara : No, just please let me in, OK? 
 (Lettie Mae chases Young Tara, who runs into the house.) 
 Lettie Mae : I'm gonna crack you in a way you'll never forget! 
 Young Tara : Don't let her in! 
 (Young Jason remains at the door.) 
 Young Jason  (to Lettie Mae): Is there a problem here? 
 (Lettie Mae runs to the door.) 
 Lettie Mae : You bet your tiny white ass there's a problem. Little bitch hid my Captain Morgan. 
 Young Tara  (angry): I didn't hide it, Mama. I threw it out. 
 (Lettie Mae makes a fist.) 
 Young Jason  (to Lettie Mae): Look, my Gran's at the market and I ain't supposed to let anyone in while she's gone. 
 Lettie Mae : You let  her  in. 
 Young Jason : Well, I know  her . 
 (Lettie Mae grabs Young Jason by the shirt and raises her fist to him.) 
 Young Tara : Mama, let him go! 
 Young Jason  (looking up at Lettie Mae): Maybe I should call Sheriff Dearborne, so he can come out here and throw you in jail where I guarantee ain't no Captain Morgan gonna be waiting for you. 
 (Lettie Mae starts to cry, and lets go of Young Jason. They stare each other down.) 
 Lettie Mae : This ain't over. 
 (Lettie Mae turns to go away, and Young Jason shuts the door. 
 Back in the present time, Tara is still driving, and smiles at the memory of Jason protecting her, and standing up to her mother.) 
 Scene 21 : A different car, one driven by Bill. Sixties-style music is playing on the stereo, but it isn't being sung in English. 
 Sookie : Can we turn this down? 
 (Bill turns down the stereo.) 
 Sookie : What language are they speaking, anyhow? 
 Bill : Cambodian. You don't like it? 
 (Sookie turns off the stereo.) 
 Sookie : You think we can pull over for a minute? I need things to stop. 
 Bill : Sure. 
 (Bill pulls the car off the road and turns off the engine.) 
 Sookie : I just need a couple minutes of quiet and then we can go. 
 Bill : Well, I'm in no hurry. You take your time. 
 Sookie : I'm sorry I've got you into any trouble tonight. 
 Bill : Don't apologize. 
 (Bill looks directly at Sookie.) 
 Bill : We vampires are always in some kind of trouble. I prefer to be in it with you. 
 (Bill and Sookie look into each other's eyes, and are about to kiss when a police siren sounds. Sookie and Bill look through the rear window to see red and blue lights flashing.) 
 Sookie : Oh, this can't be happening. 
 (Bill and Sookie turn to face the windshield and remain still. The police car is directly behind Bill's car. A state trooper knocks on Bill's window and shines a flashlight into Bill's car.) 
 State Trooper : Open up. 
 Sookie : Open the window and let me do the talkin', OK? 
 (Bill rolls down the power window of his car.) 
 Sookie : Hello, officer. 
 State Trooper : Evenin', miss. What are you two doin' out this late? 
 Sookie : Drivin' home from a date. 
 State Trooper : Uh, huh. We were raidin' a bar not too far from here. Y'all comin' from there by any chance? 
 Sookie : No. Not us. 
 State Trooper : Uhn-uhn. It's called Fangtasia. That ring any bells? 
 (The policeman looks at Bill. Bill seems irritated.) 
 State Trooper : How about you, son? You seem awful quiet. Don't you talk? 
 Bill : I'm a man of few words. 
 State Trooper : A man of few words. I like that. (To Sookie) Let me shine this light here on your neck, miss, if you don't mind. 
 (Bill looks at Sookie, opens his mouth and exposes his fangs. Sookie pulls her hair away to expose her neck.) 
 Sookie : N-not at all. 
 (Bill is still looking at Sookie.) 
 Bill  (to the state trooper): Why don't you ask her if you can shine it between her legs? 
 State Trooper : Excuse me! 
 Sookie : Bill! 
 Bill : Vampires sometimes like to feed from the femoral artery. The blood flows more freely down there so one doesn't have to suck as hard... 
 (Bill turns to face the state trooper, who is still shining his flashlight into Bill's car. The flashlight illuminates the lower half of Bill's face. His fangs are still exposed as he looks directly at the state trooper.) 
 Bill : ...or so I've been told. 
 (The state trooper is motionless and silent.) 
 Bill : I like your gun. It's a beautiful weapon. 
 State Trooper : Thank you. 
 Bill : May I have it? 
 Sookie : Bill, I want you to stop this right now. 
 State Trooper : Sure. I guess. 
 (The state trooper holds his gun out to Bill, who removes it from the state trooper's hand. Bill's eyes remain fixed on the policeman's eyes.) 
 Bill : Nice. It's heavier than I imagined. Is it loaded? 
 State Trooper : Well, yes. Yes, it is. Yeah. 
 Sookie : Bill, you are freaking me out. 
 (Bill points the gun at the state trooper's face.) 
 Bill : Now, you listen to me, officer. I do not take kindly to you shining your light in the eyes of my female companion. And as I have more than 100 years on you, I do not take kindly you to calling me "son." So the next time you pull somebody over on suspicion of bein' a vampire, you better pray to God that you're wrong. Because that vampire may not be as kind to you as I'm about to be. I'm not gonna kill you. But I am gonna keep your gun. Does that sound fair? 
 State Trooper : Yes. 
 Bill : Yes, what? 
 State Trooper : Yes, sir. 
 Bill : There you go. 
 (Bill pulls the gun away from the state trooper's face, still staring the state trooper in the eyes.) 
 Bill : Now, you have a nice night. 
 (Bill looks at Sookie, starts the car's engine, and drives away from the state trooper, who wets himself and sobs as soon as they leave.) 
 Scene 22 : Someone wearing latex gloves removes a piece of yellow "POLICE LINE DO NOT CROSS" tape from the door of Dawn's apartment, opens the screen door and unlocks the front door, and goes inside. From Dawn's bedroom, we see a light from another area of the apartment. Sam walks into Dawn's bedroom. He smells the air, then her bedsheets, then her pillow. Still wearing the latex gloves, he caresses the pillow and buries his face in it. He curls up with her pillow and smells the bed-sheet again, taking a deep breath as he rolls onto his back while holding the sheet up to his nose and writhes on the bed. 
 End 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 