Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x01 - Nothing but the Blood - True Blood 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x01 - Nothing but the Blood https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=49&t=7394 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/03/13 09:30 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x01 - Nothing but the Blood 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Sam throws something away outside in containers. He hears people who are afraid. A body is in a car.  
 Andy:  Will you two shut up? I can't think. 
 Sookie:  Andy, what the hell did you do? There's someone inside. 
 Sam:  What happened? 
 Andy : Step back! I got it. 
 Sam:  Andy's got it. 
 Andy:  Don't touch anything. 
 Sookie:  We were out trying to find Andy's car. 
 Andy:  Someone f*cking moved it. 
 Sookie:  Suddenly, there's this... Person in there... 
 :  We need an ambulance. Call the cops. 
 Sam:  What? 
 Andy:  I am the cops. 
 :  Oh, my God. Please tell me it's not Lafayette, please. 
 Sookie:  Check for a pulse. 
 Andy:  Forget it. There ain't no pulse. 
 Sam:  What? Why? 
 Andy:  Because there ain't no heart. Sick f*ck. 
 Sam:  It's not him. It's not Lafayette. Who the heck is that? 
 We are seeing Miss Jeannette who is talking about Demon with Tara; Miss Jeanette : Demon! 
 Credits.  
 The policemen think: World's going to sh1t. No respect. Wonder if she even knows. Poor sorry girl. 
 think: Miss Jeanette. They'll find out I knew her, that I went to her. Find out everything. 
 f*ck, I pushed her. I cussed her out. Now look at her. sh1t. 
 The policewoman:  Is there something else you ain't telling me, Tara? 
 :  No. I have never seen that woman before. 
 A policeman : Careful here, son. Her leg will break off like a chicken wing if you hold her like that. 
 Andy think: What kind of sick f*ck would throw a body in a detective's car. sh1t.I just got it detailed too. 
 Bud:  Andy, Over here. 
 Andy:  Body's in full rigor mortis, Bud. Which is consistent with the vic being killed elsewhere then brought here into the scene sometime in the past four hours, since that's when I... drove over here. 
 Bud:  Andy, why don't you call it a night? Your sister's waiting on you. 
 Andy:  Now? We've got a murder investigation, Bud, you need your best detective on this. 
 Bud:  I know, Andy, but you clocked in at 8 a.m. You're overworked. You're also drunk. 
 Andy:  What? I am not overworked. 
 Sam:  I don't know about you, but... I think I've seen enough dead bodies to last me a lifetime. 
 Sookie:  Except this one, I just don't get... With everyone Rene killed, you could see his rage. But this...Cutting out that poor woman's heart...Someone just wanted to see her suffer. Every time I think I know what's what it turns out I don't know anything. 
 :  Hey, I'm good to close up and go home if you are. 
 Sookie:  Sweetie, how did you know the woman that got killed? 
 Tara:  Sookie, I told you, I nev...That was...That was the woman who gave me and my mamma the exorcism. 
 Sookie:  I'm so sorry. I had no idea. You're gonna have to tell the police about it. You know that. 
 :  sh1t. I'll probably have to spend all night answering questions. My mamma's gonna fall to pieces when she finds out. 
 Sam:  Listen, you go home. Sookie and I will close up. 
 Tara:  Kenya. I remembered something. 
 Bill's house. 
 Bill:  Your bedtime will be at 4 a.m.and not a minute later. 
 Jessica:  Whatever. 
 Bill:  And whilst you are under my roof, hunting is completely forbidden. 
 Jessica:  Like I'd know where to find people in this bumfuck town. Are we even in a town? 
 Bill:  We also recycle in this house. Tru Blood and other glass items go in the blue container. And paper products go in the white container. 
 The phone of Bill is ringing.  
 Jessica:  Can I have one of those? 
 Bill:  No. Hello? 
 Sookie:  It's me. I'm gonna be a little late. Something real awful happened out here. I'll tell you all about it. 
 Bill : Do you need me? I can meet you at the bar. 
 Sookie:  I always need you. But... You just stay there, It'll give me something to look forward to. 
 Bill:  Take your time. Jessica, I'm gonna have a guest coming over shortly, 
 Jessica:  Can we eat her? 
 Bill:  You may not. 
 Jessica:  Well, who is she? Is she your girlfriend? 
 Bill:  Yes. 
 Jessica:  Is she a vampire? 
 Bill:  No. 
 Jessica:  Do I have to be nice to her? 
 Bill:  I need you to go upstairs and get cleaned up. Remove your makeup and make yourself presentable. I will not have you looking like a slattern. 
 Jessica : A what? 
 Bill:  A lady of the evening. 
 Jessica:  Awesome! 
 Jason's room. 
 Jason:  "The Acts of the Apostles, chapter 26, verse 18. "Jesus informed Paul of his purpose, "to open people's eyes, "to turn them from darkness to light, "and from the power of Satan unto God. "If God is light, 
 then Satan is darkness. "If we human beings are the children of God, "then creatures of darkness are undoubtedly... the children of Satan." 
 Jason thinks about Amy again. 
 Tara  is at the police's office. 
 The policewoman:  An exorcism? Last time it was a pig in the middle of the road. Crazy ass motherfucking Paul Bunyan pig, if memory serves. Plus, a naked woman. 
 Andy:  What the f*ck? 
 Tara: That's what I saw. 
 The policewoman:  You've got quite an imagination. 
 Bud:  As far as we know, her name's Nancy Levoir. And she's been a cashier at De Soto's pharmacy in Keachi for almost 20 years. 
 :  The woman's got a voodoo bus out in the middle of the woods. 
 Andy:  Any particular place in the woods? Or just the middle of the woods in general? 
 Bud:  Andy, sit down. 
 Andy:  Help us out, Tara. You're the only one who knows her, and she ended up dead outside your workplace. 
 :  In your car. 
 Andy:  While you were there keeping me inside, pouring me drink after drink after drink. What was it you didn't want me to see? 
 Bud:  Andy, A word with you in private. 
 Andy:  Don't go nowhere. I know you're pulling something. 
 Bud:  You're done for the night. 
 Andy : I know what I'm doing. I got it under control. 
 Bud:  At best, you're a material witness to a homicide. At worst, you could be a suspect. 
 Andy:  That is bullshit. 
 Bud:  You can't be sticking your nose... 
 's mother:  Lord, sheriff. What did they do to Miss Jeannette? Tell me! What did they do to her? 
 :  I told you not to call her up. 
 The policewoman:  It's a murder investigation. 
 Tara's mother:  Tara, baby. Is it true? Is it Miss Jeanette? She saved my life. 
 :  Mama. There was no Miss Jeannette. She was just some woman who worked in a pharmacy. All that stuff on the bus, it wasn't real. 
 's mother:  Don't you lie to me. 
 :  She told me so herself. 
 's mother:  You don't know what you're talking about. She's just saying all this 'cause she's still angry with me. 
 :  No... I mean, yes, but no, it's true. She gave me ipecac and peyote and made me think I was killing my demon. 
 's mother:  It is a sin to speak ill of the dead like that. She was a good woman. 
 :  It was a scam. She stole from you and from me. I'm so sorry. 
 's mother:  But she cured me. She cured me. I'm all right now, ain't I? Ain't I still right? 
 Weird place in the dark at the Fangtasia.  
 A man:  Bucket. Bucket. 
 A man is coming. 
 This man:  Please, I didn't do anything! I don't know anything! I swear! Please, don't kill me. What do you want from me? Tell me! What the f*ck? Hey, where the hell are you going? 
 The man:  You? Holy sh1t. What the hell are you doing here? 
 The man is the one who didn't like "the gay burger with AIDS" of Lafayette (see the 1st season). Then, someone is coming and is taking away one person who is here. 
 :  I wish I knew. 
 The man:  Where the hell are we? Who...? Who are these people? What the f*ck is going on? 
 :  Will you shut your mouth, you f*cking inbreed. 
 The man:  Where... Where are they taking that guy? 
 :  I don't know. But sometimes there are screams. 
 The man:  Jesus f*cking Christ. How long have you been here? 
 :  I ain't got no idea. 
 Bill's house. 
 Sookie:  They tore out that poor woman's heart. I have never seen so much fear on someone's face. 
 Bill:  I'm sorry you had to see that. 
 Sookie:  I couldn't keep the voices out, I was in too much shock to resist. There's just so...So much noise. 
 This is the first quiet I've had all night. 
 Bill:  I need to tell you something. 
 Sookie:  Please, just...Shut up. Kiss me. Just make it go away for just a little while. 
 Jessica:  Well, hi, there. You must be Sookie. Oh Bill I love your shower. 
 Back near the police's office. 
 :  Mama, I'm sorry. I didn't wanna have to tell youall that stuff. 'Cause in spite of everything you've done, there's some sick, sick part of me that can't bear to see you suffer. And I thought if you found out she was a fraud... 
 's mother:  No, girl. There wasn't no fraud. I am living, breathing, thriving proof there wasn't no fraud. I'm still healed. Healed stronger than ever. 
 :  You are? 
 's mother:  The Lord tested our faith by taking Miss Jeannette away from us. I stay true. I wish I could say the same about you, baby. I'll pray for you. 
 :  Don't. I'm actually doing better than I have in a long time. 
 Tara's mother: Well, let's pray for Miss Jeannette, then. There's something evil out there, and it wanted her soul. If you're not careful, it's gonna come for yours too. 
 :  Maryann. 
 Maryann:  I came as soon as I heard. Are you all right, sweetheart? 
 :  Yeah. That's my mother. 
 Maryann:  Miss Thornton. Maryann Forrester. I've heard all about you. What a rare opportunity this is. I've always wondered what it would be like to gaze into the eyes of someone so devoid of human compassion, that you would abandon your own child when she needed you most. 
 's mother:  What? 
 Maryann:  Just as I thought. Emptiness. Nothing inside. It's always something out there that gets all the blame or the credit. Wether it's Jesus or Jeannette. 
 's mother:  Who are you? 
 Maryann:  What I can't believe is that your daughter still manages to feel any love for you. Since you've abused, betrayed and forsaken her love since the moment she could feel. That's extraordinary. She's a hell of a girl. Come on. Let's get you home. 
 Back at Bill's house. 
 Sookie:  You killed her? 
 Bill:  Not entirely, no. 
 Sookie:  Well, you obviously did something to this...This...Now, how old are you? 
 Jessica:  Seventeen. 
 Sookie:  Oh, my God. Where are your parents? 
 Jessica:  Is she always like this? 
 Sookie:  So what then, you...bit her? 
 Bill:  Yes. 
 Sookie:  You drained her? 
 Bill:  Yes. 
 Sookie:  Did you have s*x with her? 
 Bill:  No. 
 Jessica:  Old. 
 Bill:  Jessica was brought to me as a condition of my punishment. I had to create a vampire as reparation for the one I destroyed to save you. 
 Jessica:  So this is all your fault. 
 Bill:  Jessica, I need you to retire for the morning. My sleeping quarters are beneath the stairs. And you may stay there until we make other arrangements. 
 Jessica:  But I'm not tired... 
 Bill:  Go! 
 Jessica:  Compared to Fangtasia, this blows. 
 Bill:  We can't turn her out. Not yet. She's a very young vampire. At her age, with her impulses, she could be dangerous. 
 Sookie:  Where has she been tonight? 
 Bill:  Here with me, and before that, with Eric and Pam. 
 Sookie:  So there's no way she could have anything to do with the woman with her heart missing? 
 Bill:  Probably not. 
 Sookie:  Two weeks and...you never said anything. I've laid in bed for hours, talking about my laugh, 
 your laugh, the weather, rules of football, and not once did you mention that you slept with and killed... 
 Bill:  I did not. 
 Sookie:  a 17-year-old girl. 
 Bill:  For a century and a half, I never turned a human because I couldn't bear to inflict the suffering I felt when I was turned. The pain of that is not an easy thing to share. 
 Sookie:  If I'm with you, and she's with you, then she is with me. And I'm sure as heck sharing in that. 
 Bill:  If I withheld anything, it was only to protect you. 
 Sookie:  If she'd stayed with Eric I still wouldn't know. That's not protecting me, that's lying to me. How am I supposed to ever trust you if you keep something like that from me? What else are you keeping from me? 
 Bill : Nothing. 
 Sookie:  I can't stay. Not tonight. 
 Bill:  Sookie. 
 Sookie:  I've shared every dark, horrible corner of my life with you. What made you think I couldn't 
 handle every bit of yours? I'm a lot stronger than you think. 
 At the TV. 
 Reverend Newlin:  The vampires as a group have cheated death. And when death has no meaning, then life has no meaning. And when life has no meaning, it is very, very easy to kill. 
 Miss Flanagan  ( Vampire at the TV ): Not true, Reverend Newlin, life has great meaning for us. We've all known the joy of human life. And as several of your kind demonstrated in Louisiana three weeks ago, we most certainly can die. Your assertion is little more than a veiled incitement for your supporters to come kill us. 
 Reverend Newlin:  No amount of political grandstanding can hide the fact that you know who killed my family. Their blood is on your hands. 
 Miss Flanagan:  That's an outrageous accusation. 
 The journalist:  Can you back that up, reverend? 
 Reverend Newlin:  My father's death was an assassination, pure and simple. A killing meticulously planned, ruthlessly executed. From there, all we have to ask is who stands the most to gain. 
 The journalist:  We're running out of time. Last word, Miss Flanagan? 
 Miss Flanagan:  Clearly, Rev. Newlin's grief over the loss of his father hasn't hindered him from some political grandstanding himself. 
 Reverend Newlin:  It's a beautiful, sunny morning in America, Miss Flanagan. I wish you were here. 
 Miss Flanagan:  Give me 12 hours, reverend. I'll be right there. 
 The journalist:  All right, thank you, Nan Flanagan and Reverend Steve Newlin. 
 Reverend Newlin:  May His holy light shine upon you, Sharon. 
 Reverend Newlin's wife:  I'll be right back. 
 A boy:  Okay. 
 Reverend Newlin's wife:  You're so handsome. You're getting good at this. 
 Reverend Newlin:  Getting better. I have a long way to go. Any notes? 
 Reverend Newlin's wife : Well, sometimes you can sound a little too much like a preacher. 
 Reverend Newlin:  Well... 
 Reverend Newlin's wife : I'm just thinking ahead, darling. You could be governor of Texas if you play your cards right. You know, you had her cornered. I thought those fangs were gonna come out any second. 
 Reverend Newlin:  I wish they would. That'd be a sight. Let the world see what she really is.  They arrive in a big room with some people inside . Good morning, everybody, how'd I do? Thanks so much. 
 The cooker:  Good. You were good. 
 Reverend Newlin:  Can you get some pineapple out here? Thanks. 
 A men : Hi. How are you doing? Wish my dad was here to see you. 
 A women:  Thank you so much, reverend. 
 Reverend Newlin : Have a good time. 
 Jason is coming. 
 Reverend:  Orry Dawson. You son of a gun. Come here. 
 Orry:  Oh, reverend. Ah. Mrs. Newlin. I have someone I'd like you to meet. This here is Jason Stackhouse from down the road of peace in Bon Temps. 
 Jason:  You're, like, the most famous person I've met. 
 Reverend:  We're all equals here. 
 Miss Newlin:  Wait. Bon Temps. Weren't you the poor soul they were accusing of these murders? 
 Jason:  Yeah. I was. But I was saved. Just like Orry said I would be. And for the first time in my life I feel like God has a purpose for me. 
 Miss Newlin:  Well, he does. He does for us all. This here's God's purpose for me. 
 Jason:  I've been reading your father's book, and it's really making me, think about things. 
 Reverend:  Well, then you realize, his true message is love. Despite of what all those liberal wing nuts say about him. It's like he says. "I'm coming from the darkness into the light." 
 Orry:  Jason's a newcomer to our flock, but he's been most enthusiastic about the message. He's got great potential. 
 Reverend:  That's a praise, coming from Orry. He was one of my father's closest advisors. 
 Orry:  You know, I think Jason would make a fine candidate for the Light of Day Institute. Steven and Sarah run a leadership conference in Texas, where they train the best and brightest to spread our gospel. 
 Reverend:  Think of it as a springboard for fulfilling your destiny. 
 Jason:  A leadership conference? 
 Orry:  It is a terrific program, Jason. Now, if you have the time and money, it is a once in a lifetime opportunity. 
 Jason:  How much does it cost? 
 Reverend:  Well, now, I don't handle the money myself... 
 Sarah  (Miss Newlin): 2 000 dollars. We cover room, board and transportation and you just pay for your class fees. 
 Jason:  I don't know if I can afford that. 
 Reverend:  I know it's a hardship, but there's no price for salvation. 
 Sarah:  Why don't you pray on it? God'll give you a sign. 
 Jason:  I'll pray on it. God'll give me a sign. 
 Reverend:  May his holy light shine upon you. 
 
 
 
 At Maryann's house. 
 The employed:  She was expecting you last night. 
 Sam:  Yeah, there was a bit of a... a murder in my parking lot. 
 The employed:  We heard. I'll see if Maryann is available. 
 Sam takes a something (like an object of art) in the living room and sees the past again. We are seeing him as a dog. He's coming in Maryann's house. He is 17 years old. 
 Maryann:  How did you get in here? If you'd broken it, I'd be really angry 
 Sam:  I'll just Go. 
 Maryann:  In this weather? Where are your clothes? 
 Sam:  I don't know. 
 Maryann:  You are very interesting. How old are you? 
 Sam:  Seventeen. 
 Back to the reality. 
 The employed:  It's a beauty, isn't it? Mycenaean, I'm told. Maryann's still asleep. Is there a message I may pass along? 
 Sam:  Tell her I have something for her. 
 Sookie's house. Sookie is thinking about her grand-mother. That's rings at the door. 
 Sookie:  Have a seat, Mr. Lancaster. 
 Mr Lancaster:  Thank you. 
 Sookie:  Is there a problem with my grandmother's papers? I know you've asked for a copy of the deed to the house. 
 Mr Lancaster:  Oh, no, no, that's all okay. I have some terrible news, I'm afraid. Your great-uncle Bartlett has passed on. I know it's so soon after your grandmother. This must be quite a shock. 
 Sookie:  Tell me what happened. 
 Mr Lancaster:  Well...The Lincoln Parish Fire Department found him a few miles south of Simsboro. He washed up on the shore. 
 Sookie:  How did he get all the way down there? 
 Mr Lancaster:  The Walnut Creek runs behind his house. Sheriff's guessing he got too close and fell in. They're calling it an accident officially. There's no sign of burglary or forced entry at the house, and he was such a sweet old man that there'd be no reason to hurt him, anyway. 
 Sookie:  There were no marks, or anything on his body? 
 Mr Lancaster:  Well, there's gators and fish in the water. And he'd been there for a few weeks, so... There's not much of a body to speak of. 
 Sookie:  Oh, my God. 
 Mr Lancaster:  I can't tell you how sorry I am. He was truly a kind, giving man. I was proud to call him my friend. The one consolation, Sookie, is that your great-uncle Bartlett cared for you deeply. He stated in his will hat he wished for you to inherit all his financial assets. It's not much, $11,000 near abouts. But it's a token of how special you were to him. Go ahead. Take it. It's yours. 
 At Maryann's house. 
 Maryann:  Stunning, isn't it? It's the god Panand his human lover. 
 :  And she doesn't have a name? 
 Maryann:  She could be any of us, couldn't she? The Greeks knew there is the flimsiestveil between us and the divine. They didn't see the gods as being unaccessible as everyone does today. 
 :  Except for my mama. She thinks she's got a direct line to Jesus. 
 Maryann:  You have an uncanny talentv for connecting everything back to your mother. 
 :  Don't get me wrong. She deserved everything you gave her, but still... 
 Maryann:  If you took care of yourself for once instead of protecting her, she'd still be your mother. You'd just be happier. I could use more papaya. 
 Eggs : Doesn't it seem like she's got an endless supply of tropical fruit? 
 :  And pot. 
 Eggs:  Now, that I didn't notice. I've been smoking pot since I was 10. My first kumqwat, three months ago. 
 :  I thought I was bad. Sneaking cigarettes when I was 12. 
 Eggs:  God, if you think that's bad, I don't even wanna tell you the other sh1t I've done. 
 :  Have you ever...With Maryann? 
 Eggs:  You must be high. I mean, she's so far beyond me, it's like she's on another plane. I'm starting to get her more every day, but I think the main idea is, we're all luckier than we can imagine. 
 :  Maybe you are. You didn't just see your first dead body last night. 
 Eggs:  You're lucky you made it this far before seeing one. Trust me, I've seen more than I care to. 
 :  And you're okay with that? 
 Eggs:  Sure. It's lucky I wasn't one of them. And I'm also lucky you haven't moved my hand yet. ( They are going to kiss each other.) 
 The employed:  Fresh towels. They're Egyptian. 
 Tara & Eggs:  Thanks. 
 :  I should... I should really get changed for work. 
 Maryann:  Karl. Nobody needed towels. (She's hitting her employed). 
 At Jason's place of work. 
 Jason:  Yeah, I guess I do miss that son of a bitch. He was my best friend.  (about Rene). 
 Hoyt:  Yeah, mine too. 
 Jason:  But then I think, how could that be the same f*ck you... 
 Hoyt:  We never knew who Rene really was. 
 Jason:  All those innocent people he killed. You know what I can't believe? That God would let him die for no reason. You know what I... When I was in jail, the Fellowship of the Sun, they came to visit me. 
 Hoyt:  The vampire haters? 
 Jason:  No, it turns out they are about a lot more than just vampires. If I'm ever going to find answers, that's where it's gonna be. 
 Hoyt:  Why does it gotta be with them, I mean, we got a church right here. 
 Jason:  And what does that backass church give you? 
 Hoyt:  They teach me to be a Christian, for one. And not hate vampires, or hate anybody else. 
 Jason:  So you're hung up on the hating. The Fellowship, it's bigger than that. When I'm there, I feel like I'm meant to be a part of it, like I got a calling from Jesus. Or from Steve Newlin himself. 
 Sookie is coming. 
 Hoyt:  I heard about the...At Merlotte's. I'm sorry. 
 Sookie:  Thanks, Hoyt, that's sweet of you. Sidney Matt Lancaster came by a bit ago. He had some bad news. Uncle Bartlett passed away. 
 Jason:  What happened? 
 Sookie:  They're saying it was an accident. He fell into the Walnut Creek. Behind his house. There's something else. He left us an inheritance. He left me the inheritance. But I don't want it. Here. 
 Jason:  Wait. Why did he leave it to you? I was the one who used to mow his lawn every Sunday. 
 Sookie:  I don't know. He was old. It's yours now. Come on, now. 
 Jason:  Maybe we should split. 
 Sookie:  I do not want it. I gotta get to work. It's good to see you, Hoyt. 
 Jason:  Thank you. ( At the sky ). 
 Back in the past of Sam. Maryann and Sam having s*x when he's 17. 
 Maryann:  Is this what you imagined it would feel like? All right, you stay with me. And we will do things... that you cannot possibly imagine. 
 Sam:  What's wrong? 
 Maryann:  Don't stop. Don't stop. 
 Sam:  What are you? 
 Maryann:  Baby boy, you're not the only one who's special in this world. 
 At the Merlott's. 
 Arlene:  I ignore when you're hiring another waitress, but me and Sookie are fixing to drop dead from exhaustion. I mean, look here. Nine out of ten broken. 
 Sam:  I'm sorry. I've been meaning to put an ad out. 
 Arlene:  That's why Daphne's here. She came in looking for work. I think you owe it to yourself to at least give her an interview. 
 Daphne:  I used to work at the Cracker Barrel in Alexandria. 
 Sam:  Yeah, sure. Come on in. 
 Arlene:  Thank you. Can I start parking over near your trailer? Instead of, you know, where the... 
 Sam:  You go ahead. 
 Arlene:  I love you. Nine out of ten. 
 Sam:  I'm Sam Merlotte. Daphne, right? I like the name. 
 Daphne:  I think it's French. My mama is half Cajun. 
 Sam:  So, Cracker Barrel, huh? 
 Back to the Fangtasia. 
 The man that used to laugh at Lafayette:  Some people think I'm an asshole. It's true. I pick fights with strangers, I've cussed out old ladies. I even pissed in my boss' coffee once. 
 :  You do not need to be telling me this sh1t. 
 The man:  What else do we have to do down here? I mean, don't you talk to the others? 
 :  Most of the time I just keep to my f*cking self. And think. 
 The man:  Like about how to get out of here? 
 :  No. About why I'm here to begin with. All the sh1t I've done in my life. The drugs, the s*x, the website. I did it so my life wouldn't be a dead end and this is where I end up. What kind of punchline is that? 
 The man:  See, that's why we gotta talk. We have to tell each other all the sh1t we've done. That way, if one of us gets out, he can tell the world about both of us. I just hope it's me. 
 :  Whatever. If it make you feel any better, keep talking. 
 The man:  All right. When I was 20, my cousin Rufus, he was going out with this girl who claimed she could crush a beer can, with her tits. And one night, when we were alone, I asked her to show me. One beer can lead to another, and before you knew it, she was crushing my head with her tits. Rufus came home, and he was so mad he threw me out of the window. My hip shattered into a million pieces, and they replaced it with metal. My ass is magnetic now. 
 :  I pray to God you ain't the last m*therf*cker I meet before I die. 
 The man:  Come on, come on. What about you? You must've done all kinds of sh1t you regret. 
 :  Well, I got in trouble with my boss once for punching out three stupid rednecks at the bar. 
 The man:  You regret that? 
 :  Hell, no, you f*cking deserved it. 
 The man:  I'm sorry I hassled you for being gay. I was an asshole about it. 
 : At least I got through to you. 
 [b]The man: At the Merlott's. Andy:  The name Nancy Levoir ring a ding? How about Miss Jeannette? Sookie:  Pitcher of Abida light. Tara:  Not the usual Dixie draught? Sookie:  No, Jason's not drinking, and Hoyt says his mama wants him to watch his weight. Arlene:  Please, she's one to talk. That woman's got more chins than a Chinese phone book. A girl:  Come on, have a drink with me. Jason:  I don't drink no more. I don't do nothing that can screw me up. Them days are over. The girl:  You don't gotta be drunk to bang my brains out, do ya? Jason:  I appreciate the offer, darling, but I'm happy hanging with my buddy tonight. The girl:  Are you two like, gay together? Jason:  No. Just turning over a new leaf. The girl:  Your loss, baby. How about you? Do you wanna party? Never mind. Time's up. I don't teach. I absorb. Jason:  I'd rather stay pure for that leadership conference, but if you wanna hit that, man, I'm cool. Hoyt:  No, I'm not much of a hitter, you know. I like 'em nicer than that. Andy:  Durastrong, 40-gallon trashliners. Found one at the scene. They sell them at club stores. You know anybody who uses them, call me. The couple:  All right. A woman:  I was just out back, and you can smell the blood out there. The woman in the couple:  What kind of sick animal would keep a poor woman's heart? The other woman:  You know Rene Lenier, or Marshall, whatever his name was? I heard that the American Vampire League, they wanted to teach him a lesson. So they dug him up, and they turned him into one of their own. The woman in the couple:  So he could've killed that woman. The other:  Better be careful. Rene Marshall might still get you. Arlene:  Don't you people have any shame? His name was Drew Marshall. And he's dead, and he's buried, and he ain't never coming back. Terry:  That's for your drinks, now you all need to leave. Up. Shake a leg. Out! Go! The people:  Come on. Let's get out of here. Terry:  Keep walking. Don't eyeball me. The people:  He's such a nutball. rlene:  You didn't have to do that. Sookie:  Leadership conference, huh? What church? Jason:  Marlboro. Baptist. In Baton Rouge. It's only for a week.Just give me a chance to get away from everything. Sookie:  I wish I could take a week off. I finally started cleaning out Gran's room today. I couldn't even bear to pack away a single thing. Jason:  Yeah, I know. I miss her too. And I'm hoping maybe God'll tell me why he had to take good people away. Like Gran and Amy. Sookie:  Jason, Amy was a V addict. Jason:  Yeah, that don't mean she deserved to die. I can't help it, Sook, I loved her. And when you love someone you've got to love it all. Otherwise it ain't love. Andy:  There you are, Stackhouse. Got a couple of questions for ya. Sookie:  Humour him, he's toasted. Have a good time at church camp. Some people are coming : Here we go! We won, we won! There you go, darling. One more time. Sookie:  Tara, you know where Sam is? :  Out back. He's being a little weird tonight. I heard about your uncle Bartlett. I'm sorry. Sookie:  Thanks. I think I'll be fine. I wish people would stop dying around here. At Bill's house. Bill:  Try the A negative. Jessica:  Less like ass than the A positive, but more like ass than the B negative. Bill:  You have to keep your strength. Two thirds of new vampires never survive the first year. Jessica:  I can't help it if I don't like it. You know, Eric let me feed on a guy with tattoos, and nipple piercings. Bill:  I'm not Eric. Jessica:  You are so not Eric. Back to the Merlott's. Sookie:  Hardly seen you all night. Sam:  Well, haven't had the best day. Sookie:  The woman in the parking lot or something else? Sam:  Don't feel much like talking. Sookie:  It's slowing down pretty good in there, so I was... Sam:  You wanna cut out early and go see Bill? Sookie:  I wouldn't ask you if it wasn't important, but we had a fight, and there's... Sam:  I don't need to hear every last detail of your life. Sookie:  I guess I've owed you an apology for a while now. I never meant to hurt you, Sam. You know how much I care about... Sam:  Don't it seem like you're always either apoligizing or yelling at me? Don't you get sick of it? 'Cause I sure do. I can't be whatever you want whenever you want anymore. I'm tired of charring my ass on your back burner. I will need you in early to make up for lost hours. Andy:  In Keachi! You didn't get a prescription filled out there? Don't lie to me. You sure about that? To Bud: What? I'm working. Clearing my name, since I'm a suspect, allegedly. Now, if you don't mind, I'll just do-si-do round here. Bud:  You're embarrassing yourself. I'm taking you off the case. For your own sake. Andy:  I'm a good cop. I can close the case, let me show people that, please. Bud:  Can't you go do something else? Andy:  I don't do anything else. This is it. Bud : I'm sorry, Andy. Sam is dreaming again. He is stealing things to Maryann's House and then he wakes up. Maryann is here. Maryann:  You have something of mine. Karl said you stopped by with a gift. I do love presents. Sam : I don't know how you found me, but... I assume this is what you came for. I'm sorry I was...young and scared at the time. Maryann:  I remember. Money. My, you're a sweet thing. It's not your money I want. Sam : Listen, If you think you can get back at me by luring Tara... Maryann:  Get back at you? How in the world did you get the impression that this was about you? Eggs : What? Maryann said she was coming down and she wanted to see you. Tara : Still? You're either dumber than I thought, or you're way too good for me. Eggs : Cut it out. I just wanted to see where you work. Is that so bad? Tara : You are a lucky man. And since the bartender likes you, drinks are on the house. What'll it be? Eggs : Give me something sweet. Tara : I can ma you a rum and Coke. A margarita, or a white russ...  He kiss her . Eggs : That's more like it. Back at Bill's house. Jessica : All right, I guess that's not so gross. Bill:  Two parts O negative, to one part B positive. Remember that. Sookie : I need to talk to you. Alone. Bill:  Don't know if we can, with... Sookie : Jess, I feel like we got off to a bad start. And it's totally my fault. I never got a chance to hear your side of things, find out what you're like, none of that. Can you forgive me? Jessica:  You really wanna get to know me? Sookie:  Of course I do. You deserve that. And, frankly, I'm curious about you. I've just got one huge favor to ask. Give me tonight with my boyfriend, and we'll have all night tomorrow to ourselves. Just us girls. Jessica : Sure. I guess I have nothing but time now, right? Sookie:  Good night. Bill : I must say I'm impressed. It's almost like you glamoured her... Sookie : Did you have anything to do with Uncle Bartlett's death? Bill : He hurt you. Sookie:  My God. Is it that easy for you to kill? Does human life mean so little you can just kill on command, toss someone in the water? I cannot have people dying every time I confide in you. I never felt more inhuman than when I had to kill Rene. It still haunts me. And now you've made me feel like I killed another person. I feel sick. I always thought, as different as we are, somehow... we could still be together. And now I don't know. I don't know anything. Please. Say something, Bill. Bill:  I cannot, and I will not lose you. For all the ways I have dismayed, aggrieved, or failed you, I swear, I will atone. But I am not sorry. I refuse to appologize for what you have awakened in me. You are my miracle, Sookie. For the first time in 140 years, I felt something, I thought had been lost to me forever. I love you. And for that, I shall never feel sorry. Sookie : Damn you, Bill Compton. I love you. They make love. Back to the Fangtasia. The man:  I got a plan. I'm busting us out. :  Don't be an idiot. The man:  I'll come back for you. Promise. :  Shut up. Eric is coming down. Eric:  Shushing won't do you any good, sweetheart. We hear everything. Since you made me come all the way down here, I'm gonna take out some of the garbage. Royce Allen Williams, we have a few questions for you, with regard to a fire which killed three of our kind. The man : No f*cking way, man. I don't know anything. Eric:  Crimes against vampires are on the rise. We even lost a sheriff just days ago. We seek answers. The man:  Die, you dead fucker! End! See you at the next episode ! 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 