Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x01 - Strange Love - True Blood 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x01 - Strange Love https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=49&t=7380 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/02/13 12:28 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x01 - Strange Love 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Scene 1  opens with a teenage couple in a car -- speeding down a dark country lane. The music is blaring and the driver glances over at her sleeping date. Grinning wickedly she reaches over toward his lap. He quickly wakes up. 
 Brad:  (smiling): Wha' the hell you doing? 
 Kelly:  I'm bored. 
 Brad:  You get bored pretty easily. 
 Kelly:  (grinning): Only with you, darling. 
 They continue to play around when the boy sees a lit sign on the side of the road. 
 Brad:  Holy <snip>! V! Stop! 
 The car screeches to a halt just past a sign reading "WE HAVE TRU BLOOD". They back up and park in the Grabb it Kwik mart parking lot. 
 The scene cuts to inside the store and the television screen. Nan Flanagan, a spokesperson for the American Vampire League is a guest on the Bill Maher show. 
 Nan Flanagan:  We're citizens. We pay taxes.We deserve basic civil rights, just like everyone else. 
 Bill Maher:  Yeah but... come on. Doesn't your race have a rather sordid history of exploiting and feeding off innocent people? ... For centuries? 
 Nan Flanagan:  Three points: Number one, show me documentation. It doesn't exist. Number two, doesn't your race have a history of exploitation? 
 We never owned slaves, Bill, or ... detonated nuclear weapons. 
 And most importantly, point number three, now that the Japanese have perfected synthetic blood which satisfies all of our nutritional needs, there is no reason for anyone to fear us. 
 The clerk behind the counter turns as a stocky man comes in and goes over to the refrigerated case. The clerk looks foreboding -- dressed in black, long black hair, tattoos, wearing a satanic-type necklace and a skeleton ring. 
 Nan Flanagan:  I can assure you that every member of our community is now drinking synthetic blood. That's why we decided to make our existence known. We just want to be part of mainstream society. (applause) 
 The entry doorbell sounds -- Kelly and Brad (laughing) enter the store. The clerk stands up behind the counter and stares at them menacingly. 
 Kelly:  Hi. Y'all have Tru Blood ...for real. 
 Brad:  You get vamps in here? I didn't even think we had any in Louisiana. 
 Clerk (cheesy Dracula accent): You didn't know that New Orleans is a Mecca for the vampire? 
 Brad:  Seriously? I mean, New Orleans? Even after Katrina? Didn't they all drown? 
 Clerk:  Vampires cannot drown ... because we do not breathe. 
 Kelly and Brad draw back in fright. 
 Brad:  Dude, no harm intended. We're just a little drunk. 
 Clerk:  Nice. I could uuuse a cocktail! 
 Kelly starts to whimper and cling to Brad, who's scared speechless. 
 Clerk  (laughing): Score! I totally had you guys! 
 Kelly  (indignant): That wasn't funny. 
 Clerk:  Yeah, it was. 
 Brad  (grinning) : No, Kelly, that was pretty funny. 
 Stocky Man:  I didn't think it was funny. 
 Brad:  What? 
 Brad turns quickly around and faces the stocky man who has come up behind them. 
 Brad:  We don't care what you think. (turning back to the clerk) Dude, you know where we can score any V-juice? 
 Kelly:  Gross! Brad, no! 
 Clerk:  How much you need? 
 Kelly:  I knew a girl who knew this girl, who did vamp blood during Greek Week ... she like ... clawed her own face off! 
 Brad:  Seriously, I can pay good money. 
 Stocky Man:  OK ... You two need to leave. 
 Irritated, Brad tuns around and faces the man behind him. 
 Brad:  All right. <snip> you, Billy Bob! 
 Stocky Man:  <snip> me? I'll <snip> you, boy. I'll <snip> you, and then I'll eat you. 
 Suddenly, the stocky man's fangs snap into view as he stares angrily at Brad and Kelly. Brad quickly grabs Kelly and races out of the store. The vampire turns his attention on the clerk. As he slowly approaches the counter, the clerk backs up in fear. The vampire sets a 4-pack of Tru Blood on the counter and digs out his wallet. 
 Vampire  (stocky man): You ever pretend to be one of us again, and I'll kill you. Got it? 
 Clerk:  Got it. 
 The vampire grabs his 4-pack, grins and starts to leave. 
 Vampire  (stocky man): Have a nice day, now. 
 Cut to opening credits to the tune of "Bad Things" by Jace Everett 
 Scene 2  -- It's night when an old truck drives up to Merlotte's Bar and Grill. Inside Sookie, a waitress, picks up her customer's order and a glass of beer. 
 Lafayette (off-screen): John, check the catfish! 
 As Sookie walks toward a table, we hear what she hears. 
 Man  (off-screen): Thank you, baby.You know daddy loves you. 
 Woman  (off-screen): I'm sittin' down here, OK? I'm by myself. 
 Sookie sets the beer down at a table where a middle-aged balding man sits alone. 
 Balding Man  (thinking) : Just let me have just one beer tonight, Jesus. One beer, that's all I need. And if you just give me the strength to say no to beer number two, then I swear... 
 Sookie moves over to a table where a man and a heavy-set woman are eating and sets down a bottle of ketchup. 
 Heavy-set woman  (thinking): ...without a second thought. No sir! Don't you dare gripe about me eatin' fries ...not after what I did for you last night in the bedroom. Which, by the way, was disgusting! Although I kind of enjoyed it. 
 Sookie walks over to another table where a couple and their teenage son are seated. 
 Teenage boy  (thinking): Who are these people? ... and what the hell is this music? I feel like I'm trapped in some hillbilly's OxyContin nightmare. I cannot wait to get the hell out of this Podunk town. 
 Sookie (after setting a hamburger platter in front of the teen-aged boy --speaking): Make sure you do, and before it's too late, because every year you wait, you just get more and more stuck here. Believe me, I know. 
 Teenage boy  (thinking): How'd she know what I was thinking? That's weird. Did she hear my thoughts? 
 Sookie  I'll get y'all some ketchup. 
 Sookie realizes that the couple and teen are looking at her strangely, so she tells them she'll get them some ketchup and walks away. After a few steps, she stops while the combined voices of everyone's thoughts fight to be heard. Closing her eyes in concentration the voices begin to fade away and then eventually stop. Sam is watching her from behind the bar as she smiles and then continues back to the kitchen. 
 Scene 3  -- Super Save-A-Bunch store -- Tara, an employee, is seated in a chair, one leg sprawled over the chair arm, reading a book. A heavy-set woman wearing a loud purple pantsuit walks up to her. 
 Tara : Welcome to Super Save-A-Bunch. 
 Woman: Hi. I'm looking for that thick,translucent plastic sheeting ... the kind they hang in front of the doors of walk-in refrigerators. 
 Tara : Uh ... we don't sell that here. You could try Home Depot. 
 Woman:  I tried them already. They sent me here. 
 Tara  (sighing): Oh 
 Woman:  Now, I cannot believe you don't have that stuff. Oh, I don't even know what it's called! 
 Tara : Sorry. 
 Woman:  Well, you're supposed to have everything! 
 Tara : Well, we don't have that stuff ... that you don't even know what it's called! 
 Woman:  Your website says that this is the most well-stocked store in five parishes! Now, I just drove over an hour from Marthaville ... 
 Tara closes her book and puts it down. She gets up out of the chair and places her hands on her hips. 
 Tara  (snickering): Does our website have a phone number? 
 Woman:  Well, I suppose it does, but... 
 Tara : So ... it never occurred to you, before you drove an hour, to pick up the phone and call us, to see if we stocked whatever the hell it is that you're looking for? 
 Woman:  Well, I think that if a business chooses to classify itself as ... 
 Tara (raising her voice): Why didn't you just find it on-line and have it delivered to your house? Or were you just looking for an excuse to wear them ugly-ass clothes? 
 Woman  (angry): I would like to speak to your manager. 
 Tara : Fine. 
 Tara (screams): Waylon! 
 Tara : Trust me, you are not gettin' me fired! I am quittin'! You were just the <snip> catalyst! ... and for that, I ought to thank you! 
 Woman:  You are a very rude young woman! 
 Tara : Oh, this ain't rude. This is uppity! 
 Waylon, Tara's boss, has joined them and was listening to the conversation. Tara hauls off and slaps Waylon across the face. 
 Tara : That's for pattin' my ass too much! I'm goin' get my baby daddy, who just got out of prison, to come and kick your teef in! 
 Waylon:  Jesus, Tara. Please don't do any... 
 Tara : Oh, my God! I'm not serious, you pathetic racist! I don't have a baby! Damn! I know y'all have to be stupid, but do you have to be that stupid?! <snip>! <snip> this job! 
 Tara grabs her book and leaves the store. 
 Scene 4  Merlotte's Bar and Grill --Sam is behind the bar and answers the phone. 
 Sam : Evening, Merlotte's. 
 Silence 
 Sam : Hey, Tara. 
 Silence 
 Sam : Yeah, she's right here.(Sam hands the phone to Sookie, who is standing at the end of the bar.) 
 Sookie  (hand covering phone): I'm so sorry, Sam. She knows not to call me at work. 
 Sam : Sookie, it's OK. You don't abuse a privilege like Arlene does. 
 Arlene  (passing by with a tray): Hey! I heard that. 
 Sam (raises voice): Well, I wish you would hear that! 
 Arlene : Please, Sam. I have kids! 
 Sookie  (on phone): This had better be an emergency. 
 Tara  (in Super-Save-A-Bunch parking lot):I just quit my job. 
 Sookie : Again? 
 Tara : I can't work for <snip>. 
 Sookie : I'm glad you can afford to be so picky, Miss Say-Hello-To-The-Rest-Of-Us. 
 Tara : Oh! Shut up! Sam is not an <snip> and he's totally in love with you. 
 Sookie : Tara, he is my boss. 
 Tara : Jesus Sookie! You need to lighten up. 
 Sookie : You know I hate it when you use the J word... now I gotta go. 
 Tara : I'm comin' over. I need a margarita ... a big one! 
 Sookie : Bye. 
 Sookie hands the phone back to Sam as Dawn (another waitress) walks up to the bar. 
 Dawn : Mack and Denise Rattray are just about to sit down in your section. 
 Sookie whirls around and sees the couple near a booth. Denise adjusts the bodice of her top while Mack smacks her on the butt. 
 Denise Rattray : What the <snip>?! 
 Sam  (addressing Sookie): Don't let 'em get to you, chère. They're not worth it. 
 (Sookie turns and walks toward the booth.) 
 Dawn : Two Tecates, Sam. 
 Mack Rattray  (thinking): Hell, there ain't nothing on this menu ain't gonna give me the runs. Damn son of a... 
 Sookie : What can I do for y'all tonight? 
 Mack Rattray  (thinking): You can wrap your sweet lips around my slim reaper, that's what you can do. 
 Mack Rattray  (speaking): Why don't we just start out with a pitcher of Bud? 
 Mack Rattray  (thinking): You can hop aboard the Mack express and ride it all the way to heaven. 
 Sookie : Alrighty. Anything else? 
 Denise Rattray  (thinking): What the hell is wrong with her? 
 Denise Rattray  (speaking): Onion Rings ... with mustard. 
 Denise Rattray  (thinking):God! She's pathetic like a dog that's been kicked too many times,and keeps coming back for more. 
 Sookie :Coming right up. 
 Denise Rattray  (speaking to Mack): I think she's retarded. 
 Arlene  (at the bar on the phone): Honey, if René tells you you're too young to watch a scary movie on HBO, then I'm siding with him. 
 (Sam walks up behind her, Arlene turns and catches his perturbed look.) 
 Arlene :I know he's not your daddy, but your daddy does not want to live with us anymore. Remember? 
 Sookie  (at the kitchen order counter): Onion rings. And if you drop a few of them on the floor ... that's fine with me. 
 Lafayette : Got it. 
 (Lafayette looks over toward Sookie.) 
 Lafayette : Ooh! Sookie! Chicka-chicka-bow-wow! You look like a p0rn star with that tan and pink lipstick. You got a date? 
 Sookie : No! When I wear makeup, I get bigger tips! 
 Lafayette (laughing): Yes, girl, that's it. These damn rednecks are suckers for packaging. 
 Sookie : And I get even bigger tips when I act like I don't have a brain in my head, but ... if I don't ... they're all scared of me. 
 Lafayette : They ain't scared of you, honey child. They scared of what's between your legs. 
 Sookie : Lafayette! That's nasty talk! I won't listen to that! 
 Arlene  (now at the counter with an order -- laughing -- ): Do you even know what's between a woman's legs, Lafayette? 
 Lafayette : I know every man, whether straight, gay, or George <snip> Bush is terrified of the <snip>. 
 Sookie : Lafayette! 
 Dawn  (walking up to the counter): Ooh! What are we talking about? 
 Lafayette : <snip>. 
 Arlene  (laughing): Hey! Listen, not everybody is gay! OK? Not everybody wants to have s*x with you. 
 Lafayette : You would be surprised, Arlene -- people you know. That's all I'm sayin'. 
 Dawn : Well, I don't wanna have s*x with you. 
 Arlene : Uh uh ...me neither. 
 Lafayette : <snip>! Y'all bitches don't know what you're missin'. I got six gears on these hips. 
 Dawn : No, baby. You don't know what you're missing.You can watch her walk away ... make you wanna slap it? You wanna slap it? (Dawn turns and slaps her butt as she walks away.) 
 Lafayette : Everybody knows that. Everybody been there. Ain't that right? John's been there! 
 Arlene (backing away -- hands under her breasts): Take these, baby. Peaches and cream. 
 Lafayette : I'll give you a little cocoa. 
 Arlene : Peaches and cream. 
 Lafayette : Little cocoa. Ain't that right, John? <snip>. 
 Scene 5  Maudette Pickens' living room. Jason Stackhouse and Maudette are present -- both are naked. Maudette is seated on the sofa, facing the television. Jason is kneeling in front of her. 
 (Seen and heard on TV -- Young man and woman in front seat of vehicle) 
 Man : Look, I'm a pretty nice guy, but I have, like, a little bit of an edge to me. 
 Woman (Balloon window on screen showing what she's thinking): Can we have fun now? 
 Man : Got started at a young age ... started getting into fights... 
 Woman : Really? 
 Man : Used to get into a lot of trouble ... got kicked out of a couple schools, type of thing. 
 Woman : Wow! 
 Man : Yeah, started partying in ... um... high school. 
 Jason  (noticing a couple of marks on Maudette's inner thigh): What the <snip> is this?! 
 Maudette : Oh ...it's... just a ... mosquito bite. 
 Jason : You had s*x with a vampire?! 
 Maudette : OK ... once! I went to that vampire bar down in Shreveport. Look. I was broke and he paid me a lot of money. 
 Jason  (drawing away and sitting down): You a hooker, Maudette? 'Cause I don't pay for it! Never have -- never will! 
 Maudette : Well, I don't charge for it, neither! He offered me a thousand dollars to bite me! What was I gonna do? Say no to a thousand bucks?! 
 Jason : What was it like? 
 Maudette : Scary. 
 Jason : You know, I read in Hustler ... everybody should have s*x with a vampire at least once before they die. 
 Maudette : Once was enough for me. He was way too rough! I mean, I like to be rough ... sometimes. But ... 
 Jason : You like it rough? 
 Maudette : Yeah ... why not? You know, it's not like it's gonna kill me ... and if it does? Well, then, I won't care ... will I? 
 Jason  (making a move to get dressed and leave): Right. Well...uh ... 
 Maudette  (quickly leaning forward): I videotaped it. 
 Jason : What? 
 Maudette  (grins): With the vampire. You wanna watch? Hmm? 
 (Jason grins and tosses his pants aside.) 
 Scene 6  Merlotte's Bar and Grill -- Tara is sitting at the bar, staring into her margarita. Sookie walks up and sets down a tray. 
 Tara : My life sucks. 
 Sookie : Tara, don't you be feeling sorry for yourself. That's just lazy. 
 Tara : Why can't I keep a job? 
 Sookie : Maybe because you can't keep your mouth shut. 
 Tara : Bitch, who asked you?! (Then Tara winks at Sookie and smiles.) 
 Sam  (walking over to Tara and Sookie): How you doing, Sookie? 
 Sookie : I've had better nights. 
 Sam : Anything I can do to improve this one for you? 
 Sookie opens her eyes wide and stares at Sam. In the awkward silence that follows, Sookie's attention is drawn away from Sam and Tara. She turns and watches a dark-haired stranger walk toward a booth backing up to the Rattray's booth. He sits down and then raises his eyes toward Sookie. They stare at each other for what seems like a long time and then Sookie quickly turns back around toward Sam and Tara. 
 Sookie (excited): Oh, my God! I think Merlotte's just got its first vampire! 
 Sam : I think you're right. 
 Sookie : Can you believe it?! Right here, in Bon Temps?! I've been waiting for this to happen since they came out of the coffin two years ago! 
 (Sookie hurries over to the stranger's booth.) 
 Sookie (grinning):Hi, and what... what can I get for you tonight? 
 Bill : Do you have any of that synthetic bottled blood? 
 Sookie : No, I'm ... I'm so sorry. Sam got some a year ago, but nobody ever ordered it, so it went bad ... you're our first ... (whispers) vampire. 
 (Mack Rattray, seated directly behind Bill, turns his head at the mention of "vampire" and starts eavesdropping.) 
 Bill : Am I that obvious? 
 Sookie : I knew the minute you came in. (Sookie turns around and then back to Bill) I can't believe nobody else around here seems to. 
 Bill  (nods toward Sam): He does. 
 Sookie  (glances back, sees Sam nod, then she looks back at Bill): Oh! Don't worry about Sam! He's cool. I know for a fact he supports the Vampire Rights Amendment. 
 Bill : How progressive of him. 
 Sookie : Well ... anything else ... you drink? 
 Bill : Actually, no. But you can get me a glass of red wine so I have a reason to be here. 
 Sookie : Well ... whatever the reason ... I'm glad you are. 
 Mack Rattray  (turns and gets up): Don't mind Sookie none, mister. She's crazy as a bedbug. 
 Sookie : I'll just get your wine for you. 
 (Sookie gives Mack Rattray a scathing look, then starts back to the bar.) 
 Mack Rattray : My name's Mack Rattray and this here's my wife, Denise. 
 Denise Rattray : Hello! 
 Bill : Good evening. 
 Scene 7  Maudette Pickens living room -- Both Maudette and Jason are naked. Jason is sitting on the sofa, facing the TV and Maudette is kneeling in front of him. The video of Maudette and a tattooed, bald-headed vampire, having s*x is playing on the TV. Jason rears back against the sofa and looking up at the ceiling, sees the hook chained to a rafter that Maudette's upraised arms were tied to in the video. 
 Scene 8  Merlotte's Bar and Grill -- Denise Rattray is pressed up next to Bill (more or less throwing herself at him) and Mack Rattray is sitting across from them. Sookie is watching them as she stands next to Tara at the bar. Sam is behind the bar, and listening in on Tara and Sookie's conversation. 
 Sookie : What a bitch! You ... really think that ... she's gonna let him bite her? 
 Tara : You know how many people are having s*x with vampires these days? Sometimes those people ... disappear. 
 Sookie : No. He's not like that. 
 Tara : OK, OK, you spoke to him for, like, a minute! You don't know how many people he sucked the blood out over the last however many centuries he's been alive! 
 Sookie : But he's so not scary. 
 Tara : Sweet Jesus in heaven, Sookie! He is a vampire! 
 Sookie : Yeah, but the synthetic blood has everything... 
 Sam : Are you willing to pass up all your favorite foods and spend the rest of your life drinking Slim-Fast? 
 (Sookie rolls her eyes at Tara. Over at Bill's table Denise Rattray is rubbing Bill's shoulder, while he just stares straight ahead with an dark look on his face.) 
 Denise Rattray : I mean, people have always discriminated against me. 
 Mack Rattray  (laughing): Oh, boy, have they ever. 
 Denise Rattray : And just because I never felt like being what society wanted me to be, you know? 
 Mack Rattray : Me neither ... me neither. 
 Denise Rattray : So we know what it's been like for you. 
 Sookie  (arriving back at the booth): Can I get y'all anything else? 
 Denise Rattray  (thinking): He's not that big but he's still probably got 11 or 12 pints in him. Holy<snip>! That's almost 200 ounces! I bet we could get 500 an ounce in Dallas. <snip> me! That's $10,000! Sweet Jesus! 
 Sookie : I'm gonna bring y'all a free round of beer, OK?! 
 Mack Rattray  (thinking): What the hell is your problem, dimwitted... 
 Sookie  (to Bill): Don't you go anywhere! 
 Mack Rattray  (thinking): I guess you are retarded! Just like everybody says you are. 
 (Sookie hurries back to the hallway and grabs Tara's arm.) 
 Sookie : Tara! Tara, we have to stop them! 
 Tara : Stop who? Why? 
 Sookie : The Rattrays! They're gonna drain him and sell his blood! We have to stop them! 
 Tara (pulling her arm away): No, we do not! We don't have to get anywhere near that vampire! 
 Sookie : Tara, I am very disappointed in you and your small-mindedness. 
 Sam : Sookie! Vampire can take care of himself. I promise you. 
 Sookie  (turning around and seeing the empty booth): <snip>! 
 (Sookie drops her apron and runs outside.) 
 Sam :Tara, you know how to tend bar? 
 Tara : No. 
 Sam (hands Tara his bar apron on his way out): Fake it. 
 Tara : <snip>! 
 Sookie runs outside and into the parking lot. She looks around but sees no one. Standing very still, she closes her eyes and concentrates. Soon she begins to hear voices. 
 Denise Rattray : Look at this. This is so thick. Damn, this is gonna bring a pretty penny! We should keep some for ourselves. If Mack freaks out on me again, I am so through with him. 
 Opening her eyes, Sookie looks down the road and begins to move toward the sound of Denise Rattray's "voice". She spies a heavy chain in the back of a truck and quietly picks it up. Then she moves slowly forward. 
 Scene 9  Maudette Pickens house -- Maudette's wrists are bound and tethered to the hook, chained to the rafters. Jason and Maudette engage in s*x which appears to be a re-enactment of Maudette's session with the tattooed and bald vampire. There's a video camera discreetly placed on the bookshelf. 
 Jason : You like this? 
 Jason : Being punished? 
 Jason : You're a sick little vampire <snip>! 
 Jason : You like that, Pickens? 
 Jason : You look at me. 
 Jason : You let a dead man <snip> you? 
 Jason : <snip> disgust me! 
 Jason : It's too bad I don't have fangs, huh? 
 Jason : Rip your <snip> throat out. 
 (Jason's hands close around Maudette's neck. She struggles to breathe as his grip gets tighter.) 
 Scene 10  The Rattrays have Bill down on the side of the road. He's being restrained while Denise, using a needle and blood pouches, drains him of his vampire blood. 
 Mack Rattray : Hurry! 
 Denise Rattray : We should've taken him home! 
 Mack Rattray : Too dangerous. Where are we gonna hide a dead vampire in our trailer? 
 Denise Rattray : Well, at least we wouldn't be out in the <snip> open like this! 
 Mack Rattray : I just need some V-juice and I need it bad! My body is starting to hurt and I just need to get it in me! 
 Denise Rattray : <snip> it, Mack, you're a <snip> drug addict, do you know that? 
 Mack Rattray : Woman, would you just shut the <snip> up?! Sometimes, when you talk, this is what I hear: A-yada-yada-yada... 
 (Sookie has quietly approached behind Mack and hits him hard on the back with the chain. He cries out in pain and falls to the ground. He gets up and draws a knife.) 
 Mack Rattray : You crazy bitch! 
 Sookie dodges as Mack lunges at her with his knife. Seizing an opening, Sookie lashes out with the chain and wraps it around Mack's throat. Gasping for air and clutching at the chain, Mack sinks down to the ground. Sookie quickly picks up the knife as Denise starts for her. Holding the knife out in front of her, Sookie stops Denise in her tracks. 
 Denise Rattray : This ain't your business, you stupid <snip>! 
 Sookie : Now, see, that just proves how low-rent you really are. 
 Denise Rattray : You have any idea who you're messing with? You don't wanna be on my bad side! 
 Sookie : I'm not so sure you even have another side, you no-account, backwoods trash! 
 (Denise backs off, then rushes over to Bill to get the bags of blood.) 
 Sookie (threatening with the knife) : Do not even think about taking that blood! 
 Denise Rattray : I will kill you for this. 
 Sookie : Get out! (Sookie takes a step forward and thrusts the knife toward Denise.) 
 Sookie : Now! 
 Denise Rattray : Come on, Mack. (Denise grabs Mack and pulls him along.) 
 Denise Rattray : This ain't over! 
 Denise Rattray  (to Mack): Come on. Get up, Mack! Why can't you take that <snip> thing off? I ain't got time for a <snip> cripple! ...because I'm getting out of here one way or the other. 
 Mack Rattray  (as he staggers after Denise): Wait! ... You... how else am I gonna... 
 Sookie quickly moves over to Bill and kneels down beside him. She gently removes the silver chain that restrains him. As the silver chain is lifted, it painfully takes Bill's skin with it. Sookie watches in amazement as Bill's wounds heal in front of her eyes. 
 Sookie : Shut ... up! 
 (Suddenly a car barrels down on them, Sookie grabs Bill under the arms and yells, "Quick with your feet!" Bill manages to move his legs as Sookie pulls him from the road!) 
 Denise Rattray  (from the passing car): I'm gonna get you, bitch! 
 (Sookie manages to drag Bill further into the trees and leans him back against a broad sturdy trunk) 
 Sookie : Oh, bless your heart. I am so sorry I didn't get here faster. You'll be OK in a minute, right? 
 (Bill just stares at her.) 
 Sookie : Do you want me to leave? 
 Bill : No. They might come back and I can't fight yet. 
 (A dog begins to bark and runs up to Sookie.) 
 Sookie : Oh! Hey, there, dog. 
 (Sookie giggles as the dog licks her face. Then it barks at Bill several times before running off into the woods.) 
 Bill : He's checkin' on you. 
 Sookie : That's just some old dog that hangs around the bar sometimes. He must live nearby. 
 Bill : Oh, no doubt. 
 (Sookie starts to remove the thin plastic tubing wrapped around Bill's arm, but he quickly pulls his arm away.) 
 Sookie : I reckon you're not too happy about being rescued by a woman. 
 Bill (removing the tourniquet): Thank you. 
 Sookie  (after attempting to hear Bill's thoughts): I can't hear you. 
 Bill (louder): Thank you. 
 (Excited, Sookie kneels down in front of Bill and holds his head between her hands.) 
 Sookie : No, no, no. I can hear you, but I can't... 
 Sookie (softly in wonder): Oh, my stars. 
 Bill : Aren't you afraid to be out here alone with a hungry vampire? 
 Sookie : No. 
 Bill :Vampires often turn on those who trust them, you know. We don't have human values like you. 
 Sookie (getting up and moving a few steps away): A lot of humans turn on those who trust them too. 
 (Sookie removes the long silver chain from her pocket and drapes it around her neck and shoulders.) 
 Sookie : I'm not a total fool. 
 Bill : Oh, but you have other very juicy arteries. There's one in the groin that's a particular favorite of mine. 
 Sookie : Hey! You just shut your nasty mouth, mister! You might be a vampire, but when you talk to me, you will talk to me like the lady that I am! 
 Bill : You wanna drink the blood they collected? 
 Sookie : No! 
 Bill : I understand it makes humans feel more healthy ... improves their s*x life. 
 Sookie : I'm as healthy as a horse. And I have no s*x life to speak of, so... You can just keep it. 
 Bill :You could always sell it. 
 Sookie : I wouldn't touch it. 
 (With lightning speed, Bill gets up, moves over toward Sookie, and kneels down in front of her, face within inches of Sookie's.) 
 Bill : What are you? 
 Sookie : Well ... I'm ... I'm ... I'm Sookie Stackhouse and I'm a waitress. What's your name? 
 Bill : Bill 
 Sookie (laughing): Bill? I thought it might be Antoine or Basil or... or, heh... or, like, Langford, maybe... but ... Bill? ... Vampire Bill! Oh, my! 
 Sookie  (growing more serious): So...silver, huh? I thought that only affected werewolves. I... I... I'm not implying that werewolves exist. I mean, that's just what you always see in the movies. 
 Bill : I'd appreciate it if you didn't share this information with anyone. We don't like for our weaknesses to be made public knowledge. 
 Sookie (nods): Oh! OK. 
 (Sookie stirs and both she and Bill stand up.) 
 Sookie : Well ... see ya, Bill. I gotta get back to work. 
 (Sookie walks back through the parking lot to Merlotte's.) 
 Sam : Sookie! Thank God! You OK? 
 Sookie : I'm fine. And, for your information, not all vampires can take care of themselves. 
 Sookie walks away and enters the restaurant, leaving Sam to stare into the the dark night. 
 Scene 11  Inside Merlotte's Bar and Grill 
 Arlene (sighs): Night, Sam. 
 Sam (back to Arlene): Night. 
 Arlene : Night, Tara. 
 Tara : Night. 
 Sam  (joins Tara at the bar):Thanks for helping me out tonight, Tara. 
 Tara : How much you gonna pay me? 
 Sam : Uh ... 20 bucks? 
 Tara : Sam, ... how do you expect me to work here for 20 bucks a night? 
 Sam : I don't expect you to work here and you only covered tonight for what, an hour at the most? 
 Tara : Yeah, but Sam. If I did work here ... 
 Sam : It'd be a matter of time before you went off on somebody. I don't wanna drive my customers away. 
 Tara : I only go off on stupid people. 
 Sam : Most of my customers are stupid people. 
 Tara : Yeah, but...I could help you keep an eye on Sookie. You see the way she was looking at that vampire? That is just trouble looking for a place to happen. She means too much to both of us to let anything happen to her. 
 Sam : Be here tomorrow at 6. And learn this on your own! I don't have time to train you. (Sam hands Tara a bar-tending book.) 
 Tara : Sam, I was mixing whiskey sours for my mama when I was in first grade. It's just like ridin' a bicycle. 
 Sam : That's <snip> up. 
 Tara : You think? ... my mama crazy. 
 Sam : Damn, girl. 
 (Jason Stackhouse enters the bar.) 
 Jason : Hey, Sam, is my sister here? 
 Sam  (walking away): No, Sookie already went home. 
 Tara  (as Jason sits down in front of her): Hi Jason. 
 Jason : Hey. 
 Tara : Uh ... My name is Tara. I've been your sister's best friend since kindergarten? I used to sleep over 
 at your house for, like, years. 
 Jason : I know who you are. 
 Tara : You better know who I am! 
 (Dawn walks over toward the bar.) 
 Dawn : Hello, stranger 
 (Jason turns around and sees Dawn.) 
 Jason : Hey! Dawn ... come here. 
 (They put their arms around each other as a not-too-happy Tara looks on.) 
 Jason : Look at you. You look great. How you been? 
 Dawn : Fine. Partyin'. 
 Jason : So you ain't mad at me? 
 Dawn : Why would I be mad at you? 
 Jason : Well, for not calling. You know ... the usual. 
 Dawn : Jason! Baby! I ain't got no expectations of you. I'm not an idiot. 
 Jason : Hey, what time do you get off work? 
 Dawn : Well, I don't know. Oh ... right now. 
 Jason : You want to go somewhere? 
 Dawn : Well, yeah, I do. I want to go home. (Dawn starts laughing, turns and walks toward the door.) 
 Dawn : Good night, Tara. 
 Tara : Oh, my God. You are a gigantic parody of yourself and you don't even know it! 
 Jason  (Jason drops money on the bar and takes off after Dawn): Great seeing you, Tara, good luck. 
 Tara : "Good luck"?! Good luck with what?! <snip>! 
 
 
 
 Scene 12  -- The home of Adele (Hale) Stackhouse aka "Gran" -- Sookie and Jason's grandmother. 
 Sookie arrives home and finds her grandmother waiting up for her. Gran is sitting at the kitchen table, reading a book and holding Sookie's pet cat, Tina. 
 Sookie : Hey, Gran. 
 Gran : Hi, honey. 
 Sookie : Guess what happened tonight? 
 Gran : You got a date! 
 Sookie : Um ... no. A vampire came into the bar! 
 Gran  (gasps): Did he have fangs? 
 Sookie : Yeah, but most of the time they stayed put away. 
 Gran : Did he bite anybody? 
 Sookie : No. Uh ... he just had a glass of wine. Well, he ordered it, but didn't drink it. I think he just wanted some company. 
 Gran : Did you like him? 
 Sookie : He was ... real interesting. 
 (Gran gives Sookie a knowing look.) 
 Sookie : I'll let you get to bed. 
 Gran : OK, honey, I just ... stayed up until you got here. 
 Sookie : Come on, Tina. 
 (Gran laughs as the cat meows and follows Sookie.) 
 Later that night, Sookie is sleeping. A dog barks in the distance and wakes Sookie. The continued barking draws her to the open bedroom window. She gazes down at Bill, standing there, staring up at her window. Sookie puts on her robe and hurries out of the house to meet up with Bill. She runs to the side of the house, but doesn't see Bill anywhere. She turns completely around and suddenly, there he is right behind her! She whirls around and faces him. 
 Sookie  (breathlessly): Hello. 
 (Bill doesn't say a word, he just starts unbuttoning his shirt.) 
 Sookie : I never thought I would be having s*x with you. 
 (Bill removes his shirt.) 
 Sookie : At least ... not so fast. 
 (Sookie starts to remove her robe.) 
 Bill : Who said anything about s*x? 
 (Then Bill opens his mouth revealing his fangs!) 
 (Sookie wakes with a start! She sits up in bed, thinks briefly, then flops back down on her pillow.) 
 Scene 13  -- The home of Adele (Hale) Stackhouse aka "Gran" and Sookie, her granddaughter. Sookie is sunbathing when her brother, Jason, pulls up in his pick-up truck. He quickly gets out and strides over to Sookie. 
 Jason : Hey! How come you didn't tell me you beat up the Rattrays last night? 
 Sookie : I haven't even seen you since then. 
 Jason : Where's Gran? 
 Sookie : Hanging the laundry out back -- and you keep your voice down. I don't want her to know about any of this. 
 Jason : Fortenberry couldn't wait till I got to work this morning to tell me all about it! 
 Sookie : Hoyt Fortenberry? How the heck does he know? 
 Jason : He went over to the Rats last night to buy some weed. And Denise drove up like she wanted to kill somebody she was so mad. The only way she would sell him any weed was if he would drive Mack to the hospital in Monroe. 
 Sookie : Uh huh! Well, did Hoyt tell you that Mack came after me with a knife? 
 Jason : <snip>! You want me to kick his ass? 
 Sookie : I already took care of that, thank you. 
 Jason : What are you doing messing with him anyway? 
 Sookie : Well, did you know that in addition to dealing drugs, that the Rats also happen to be vampire drainers?! Yep! One of my customers last night was a vampire, and they were draining him out in the parking lot. I couldn't have that. 
 Jason : Sookie, you do not want to get mixed up with vampires. Trust me! 
 Sookie : Oh, shut up! Even if you hate vampires, you can't let trash like the Rats go and drain them. It's not like siphoning gas out of a car. They would have left him in the woods to die. 
 Jason : Who <snip> cares? He's already dead. 
 Sookie : That's not his fault. 
 Jason : What did he look like? 
 Sookie : Handsome ... in a sort of... sort of old-fashioned, like from a movie on TCM. 
 Jason : Was he bald-headed? 
 Sookie : No. He had really nice hair. 
 Jason : Tattoos? 
 Sookie : None that I could see. 
 Gran  (carrying a laundry basket walks toward Jason and Sookie): Jason! 
 Jason : Gran! 
 Gran : Sakes alive, boy, where have you been keeping yourself? You get on over here and hug my neck. 
 Jason : You get here, Gran. How's my girl? 
 Gran : You're all sweaty. 
 Jason : I know. 
 Gran : You want some ice tea? 
 Jason : I would love some ice tea. 
 Gran laughs 
 Jason  (off-camera): Here, I got it. 
 Scene 14  -- The home of Adele (Hale) Stackhouse aka "Gran" and Sookie, her granddaughter. Jason and Sookie are sitting at the kitchen table, finishing lunch. Gran is in the other room on the telephone. 
 Jason  (as he spears some food on Sookie's plate): Want the rest of that? 
 Sookie : Yes! 
 Jason : Thank you. If you're gonna wear that suit, you might want to start watchin' what you eat. 
 (Sookie laughs at Jason's teasing) 
 Jason : You look nice. 
 Gran : That was Evalee Mason. Guess who was found strangled to death in her apartment. Maudette Pickens! 
 Sookie : Oh, my Lord. 
 Gran : She didn't show up for work ... wasn't answering her phone and so her boss called Bud Dearborne. He rode over, got the manager to let him in, and they found her. 
 Sookie : I went to high school with Maudette. 
 Gran : Can you believe it? A murder in Bon Temps. 
 Jason : Well, why are you surprised? ... now that we got ourselves a vampire. 
 Sookie : Just because he's a vampire doesn't mean he's a murderer! 
 Jason : Ah come on! Fang-bangers go missing all the time in Shreveport ... New Orleans! They never find them but everybody knows the vampires are killing them and disposing of the bodies! 
 Gran : What's a fang-banger? 
 Sookie : A vampire groupie. Men and women who like to get bitten. 
 Gran : My stars! 
 Sookie : Maudette was a fang-banger?! How do you know that? 
 Jason  (upset): I don't know, Sookie! ... the way that you just know things sometimes! (Jason slams his fist on the table and then gets up and crosses over to the sink and places his dishes down.) 
 Jason  (calmer): There's also ... hookers ... who specialize in vampires. They drink Tru Blood to keep their supply up, and they keep a bodyguard there in case the vamp gets a little too frisky. 
 (Gran and Sookie stare at him in stunned silence.) 
 Jason  (shrugging): I read that in a magazine. 
 Gran : Wonder how much one would charge for something like that?! 
 Jason : A thousand bucks. 
 Sookie : See, now that just makes me sick. 
 Gran : I know. What kind of cheap woman could ever do something like that? 
 Sookie : No, it makes me sick that they're gettin' a thousand bucks to lay there and do nothin' while I bust my ass for 10 bucks an hour plus tips. 
 Jason : Oh, I don't think they just ... lay there. I think they're expected to ... you know, participate. 
 Sookie : Ewww! 
 Jason : Well, um ... thanks for lunch, Gran. 
 (Jason leaves the kitchen. Sookie runs after him and grabs his shoulders, turning him around to face her.) 
 Jason : What? 
 (Silence) 
 Jason : What?! 
 (Sookie takes Jason's head between her hands and stares at him intently.) 
 Jason  (thinking): This can't be happening to me! How could I lose control like that?! How come she... 
 Jason  (speaking): Don't try that with me, <snip> it! I'm your brother! 
 Jason  (under his breath as he leaves): Back to work. 
 Scene 15  -- Jason is back at work at a construction site. He's sitting in a lounge chair on the phone while the crew is working on the road. Lafayette, Hoyt and René are among his fellow workers. 
 Jason : Please? 
 (Silence) 
 Jason : Come on, Dawn, I'm having a really bad day. 
 Dawn  (shaving her legs in her bathroom): That is not my responsibility. 
 Jason  (over the phone): Didn't we have a good time? 
 Jason  (at work): And don't you want to have that again? 
 Dawn : I'm sorry to break it to you, baby ... but you are not my only source for a good time. 
 Jason : No, but ... I ... am ... the best one. 
 Dawn : Oh, my God, you're so full of <snip>! 
 Jason  (over the phone - laughing) : But I'm hot. 
 Dawn : So am I. 
 Jason : Yeah, I know, I know. 
 (Jason glances over at a police car pulling up to the site.) 
 Jason : That's why I'm on the phone with you. 
 Dawn : Oh, all right, I give up. You can meet me after work. 
 Jason : I gotta go. I'll call you back. 
 (Jason hangs up the phone as Sheriff Bud Dearborne and Andy Bellefleur approach him.) 
 Jason  (standing up): Hey! Sheriff Dearborne. 
 Jason  (patting Andy Bellefleur on the shoulder): Andy! 
 Sheriff Bud Dearborne : Afternoon, Jason. 
 Jason : There something I can help you with? 
 Sheriff Bud Dearborne : You know Maudette Pickens? 
 Jason : Yeah, sure, I know her. I buy stuff at the Grabbit Kwik. She works there during the day. 
 Andy Bellefleur : How would you characterize your relationship with Maudette? 
 Jason : Relationship? I didn't have a relationship with her. I barely even knew her. 
 Sheriff Bud Dearborne : So you're aware she was murdered last night? 
 Jason : Uh ... no. Wow! ... I mean ... yeah! ... yeah ... I did know that. My grandmother told me at lunch. Somebody called her. 
 (The scene switches over to the men working -- Lafayette watching in the background.) 
 René  (to Hoyt): Hey, what's up with Jason and the law? 
 Hoyt : Maybe they think he knows something about Maudette. 
 (Back to Jason and the law) 
 Andy Bellefleur : You ever visit Maudette at her apartment? 
 Jason : Me? No. 
 Sheriff Bud Dearborne : Ever?! 
 Jason : No! Boys, I could do a lot better than Maudette Pickens, believe me. 
 (All three men laugh.) 
 Andy Bellefleur : You weren't there last night? 
 Jason : Last night ... uh ... 
 (Jason stares off in space as if deep in thought.) 
 Jason : OK, yeah! I was there last night. 
 Andy Bellefleur : Yeah. Then why didn't you say so? 
 Jason : What? 
 Andy Bellefleur : Then why didn't you say so?! 
 Jason : Because I know she got killed, and I thought it would look bad me having been at her place. 
 Sheriff Bud Dearborne : Well, it does look bad, Jason. 
 Andy Bellefleur : It looks real bad. 
 Jason : OK, look. I hooked up with Maudette last night, we had s*x. That's all! 
 Andy Bellefleur : How would you characterize the s*x? 
 Jason : Uh ... it was OK. 
 Andy Bellefleur : Nothing out of the ordinary? 
 Jason : Well ... uh ... 
 Andy Bellefleur : Because we've already seen the videotape! 
 (There's a long silence as Jason closes his eyes.) 
 Andy Bellefleur : You didn't know she was taping it? 
 Jason : No ... but I should have. 
 Sheriff Bud Dearborne : You need to come with us, Jason. 
 Jason : Um ... just let me tell René to take over. I'll be right back. 
 (Jason walks away.) 
 Andy Bellefleur  (under his breath to Sheriff Dearborne): I hate that little <snip>. 
 Jason : Hey René! I gotta go into town for a while. You'll take over? 
 René : Yeah, yeah. Everything all right? 
 Jason : Yeah! No, it's nothing to worry about. Every thing's fine. Don't ... tell my sister. OK? 
 Hoyt  (as Jason walks away): Hey ... what'd you do, Jason? 
 (Jason hesitates as if to turn around and answer Hoyt, but decides against it and continues on over to the Sheriff and Andy) 
 René : What the <snip>, huh? 
 Scene 16  -- Sookie's bedroom at Gran and Sookie's house -- Sookie is sitting in front of her vanity putting make-up on when Gran knocks on the door and comes in. 
 Sookie : What's up, Gran? 
 Gran  (sighs and sits down next to Sookie): Oh ... I was just wonderin' how old you think the vampire is -- the one you met last night. 
 Sookie : I have no idea. Why? 
 Gran : You think he might remember the war? 
 Sookie : The Civil War? 
 (Gran nods) 
 Sookie : Could be. 
 Gran : Oh! If he does, I would love to have him come speak to the Descendants of the Glorious Dead. You think he might want to? 
 Sookie : I think he might have a hard time showing up at the public library at noon on a Thursday. 
 Gran : Oh! We could have a special meeting at night, or he could just come talk to me and I could tape his recollections. I am sure the other members would find it so interesting. 
 Sookie : I'll ask him next time he comes in to Merlotte's. If he comes in. 
 (Gran is thrilled and gives Sookie a kiss.) 
 Scene 17  Merlotte's Bar and Grill -- René and Hoyt are shooting pool, while Arlene (off of work) is cheering them on. René is taking his shot. 
 Hoyt : For all the beans! 
 (René misses and stares solemnly at the table.) 
 Arlene : Oh, baby! 
 Hoyt  (laughing):Oh, baby! 
 Arlene  (laughing):You can do better than that. 
 Hoyt  (as he gets up for his turn): Oh, baby. 
 Tara is sitting at the bar with one leg propped up on it, reading a book. A big old man in a muscle shirt and overalls sits down at the bar and looks expectantly at Tara, who ignores him and continues reading her book. 
 Lafayette  (getting a drink from the bar) : Hey! Koo ... Koo. How you doin'? What you doin' here? 
 Tara : I work here. 
 Lafayette : Oh no the hell you don't! 
 Tara : Oh yes, the hell I do too, you ugly bitch. You need to make peace with that. 
 Lafayette : <snip>! Sam must have lost his damn mind, because you should not be allowed to work in no situation where you actually got to interact with people. 
 Tara : That is so not true. 
 (The good old boy in the muscle shirt and overalls snaps his fingers and gestures for a drink.) 
 Tara  (angry-jumps up): Uh uh! You do not snap at me! I have a name! And that name is Tara. 
 (Tara glances at Lafayette and laughs.) 
 Tara  (to the good old boy): And isn't that funny? Black girl being named after a plantation. 
 (Good old boy laughs.) 
 Tara : No, I don't think it's funny at all. In fact, it really <snip> me off that my mama was either stupid or just plain mean! Which is why you better be nice if you plan on getting a drink tonight. 
 Good old boy : Sorry, ma'am. 
 Tara : OK 
 (Tara gets the good old boy a drink.) 
 Lafayette : Hey! Do you know if Sookie found out anything about her brother getting arrested this afternoon? 
 Tara : Jason got arrested? For what? 
 Lafayette : I ain't sure, but Maudette Pickens did get found murdered. 
 Tara : Are you serious? Jason couldn't kill anybody. And he can do a hell of a lot better than Maudette Pickens. 
 Lafayette : Look at you. You still got a thing for him. 
 Tara : I do not. That boy's too damn stuck-up for me. 
 Lafayette : That boy is s*x on a stick. I don't give a good damn how stuck-up he is. 
 Lafayette  (to the good old boy): How you doin'? 
 Tara : Look at you ... scaring that white boy. 
 Lafayette : Ain't nobody scaring him. He too big to be scared. I likes a big man. Look at that belly. 
 Tara : Don't you have something to fry? 
 Lafayette  (to the good old boy): You can be my Santa Claus. 
 Lafayette  (leaving on his way to the kitchen): I'll see you later. I'm in the phone book. 
 Scene 18  Merlotte's Bar and Grill -- Sookie is in the back room talking to Dawn when Lafayette walks in. 
 Sookie : Arrested?! For what?! 
 Dawn : I don't know. 
 Lafayette : Sook ... sorry about your brother. 
 Sookie : How come everybody knew about this before I did? 
 Lafayette : Well, I was there, baby girl. I saw him get carted away. 
 Dawn : And I was complaining to Arlene about Jason hanging up on me when we were making a date, not calling me back, and that's when she told me. 
 Sookie : Arlene? How does she know? 
 Dawn : Well, I guess René told her. Besides, we figured you'd just... 
 Sookie : I just what? 
 Dawn : Sweetie, didn't you just know already? 
 Sookie : I am not... psychic! 
 (Sookie storms out of the back room on her way over to the pool table.) 
 Hoyt : Damn! You suck, René. 
 René : Quiet you. 
 Arlene  (laughing): I cannot believe I am here on my night off. Just pourin' my hard earned money back into Sam Merlotte's pocket. 
 Sookie  (arriving): What happened to my brother, René?! 
 René : Ahhh ... ah hell! I promised him I wasn't going to tell ya-you. 
 Sookie : What happened? 
 Hoyt : Oh ... uh ... well ... ah ... Bud Dearborne and Andy Bellefleur, uh... they asked him some questions, and then they just threw him in the back of the squad car. 
 Sookie : So you don't even know for a fact that they arrested him? 
 René : Well they ... they didn't cuff him or nothin'. 
 Arlene : Sookie, I am so sorry. 
 Sookie : For what?! Y'all are already actin' like Jason's been convicted of killin' Maudette, and we don't even know what they were talkin' to him about. Bud Dearborne just made a mistake! That's all. 
 Hoyt : Yeah, yeah it has to be, because Jason's a real stand-up guy. 
 Sookie : No, he's not, Hoyt. He is selfish, egotistical, and a complete horn-dog, but he is not a killer! 
 Sookie looks a little puzzled and seems to feel something. She slowly turns her head and looks back. Bill is standing quietly next to a table in the dining section. Bill slowly sits down. Sookie and Bill lock eyes as Sookie begins to slowly walk toward him. As she walks across the room, she hears the babble of other customer's thoughts, some of which rise to the surface. 
 Tara  (thinking): Now, just look at that, like she's walking down the aisle on her <snip> wedding day. Honey, just 'cause a guy... 
 Arlene  (speaking): It's that vampire. 
 Sam  (thinking): He's got her in his sights. I need to protect her. 
 Woman in booth  (thinking): That's that vampire she saved last night. 
 Unknown voice  (thinking): Sookie, please do not... 
 Bill  (speaking): Good evening, Miss Stackhouse. 
 Older man with glasses  (thinking): It ain't right, him being here with normal people. I hope she ... 
 (Sookie sits down at the table with Bill.) 
 Woman customer  (thinking): I always thought she was nice, but I just wonder what kind of a good Christian girl would even look at a vampire... 
 Man in booth  (thinking): I don't think he looks that kind of scary to me. 
 Lafayette  (thinking): Looks like she likes 'em tall, dark, and dead... 
 Dawn  (thinking as she sees Bill and Sookie): Who is that? ... and why isn't he talking to me? 
 Unseen man  (thinking): Stackhouse family ain't nothing but trash. 
 Bill extends his hand. Sookie slowly places her hand in his. As Bill closes his fingers around Sookie's hand, all the voices stop and a soothing silence wraps itself around Sookie. She closes her eyes and silently revels in the silence. She opens her eyes and smiles at Bill. 
 Sookie : Your hand is cool. 
 Bill : Yes... uh ... I'm afraid I'm not as warm as the men that you must be accustomed to. 
 Sookie  (laughing softly): What men? 
 (Sookie slowly withdraws her hand from Bill's. ) 
 Sookie : What can I get for you tonight? 
 Bill  (in wonder): What are you? 
 Sookie : I told you. I'm a waitress. 
 Bill : No ... you're something more'n that. You're something more than human. 
 Sookie : I beg your pardon? 
 Bill : Sookie ... that's an unusual name ... Sookie. Is it short for something else? 
 Sookie : Nope. Just ... just plain Sookie. 
 Bill : May I call on you sometime? 
 Sookie : Call on me? 
 Bill : Um ... may I come and visit with you at your home? 
 Sookie : Sure. My grandmother would love to meet you. Oh! That reminds me. Can I talk to you after work? I have a favor to ask you. 
 Bill  (withdraws a little): Of course. After all, I am in your debt. 
 Sookie : Not a favor for me -- for my grandmother. If, if you'll be up... well, I guess you will be. Would you mind meetin' me around the back of the bar when I get off at... probably around 1:30? 
 Bill : I'd be delighted. Do you realize that every person in this establishment is staring at us right now? 
 (Sookie looks slowly around and sees that everyone is indeed staring silently at them.) 
 Sookie : Oh, they're just starin' at me because... my brother's in some kind of trouble with the police. Uh ...but Bill, did you know Maudette Pickens? 
 Bill : I did not. They are staring at us because I am a vampire. And you... are mortal. 
 Sookie : Who cares what they think? 
 Bill : Well, I want to make this town my home, so... I do. I'll see you at 1:30. 
 (Bill gets up and leaves. As she stares after him, the thoughts of the other customers once again find their way to Sookie.) 
 Arlene  (thinking): Run away as fast as your legs can take you. 
 Man drinking beer  (thinking): I guess... this is wrong. It's wrong. I shouldn't be feeling like this. I just want to watch them do it. Damn! 
 Woman customer  (thinking): He hypnotized her. I heard they can do that just by looking at you. 
 Female voice  (thinking): I wonder if she's gonna let him bite her? I'm telling Reverend... 
 (As Tara watches, Sam rushes over to the table and grabbing Sookie by the arm, leads her into the "employee only" area. Dawn follows them.) 
 Sam : Sookie, You're being a very stupid girl! 
 Sookie : Who asked you?! I, I can take care of myself! 
 Sam : I don't think so! Mack could have cut you up last night! 
 Sookie : How do you know what he'd have done?! 
 (Sam pushes Sookie into his office and closes the door.) 
 Sam : Now, you settin' up a date with a vampire?! What do you have, a death wish?! 
 Sookie : No, I don't have a death wish! I just happen to think judging an entire group of people based on the actions of a few individuals within that group is morally wrong! 
 Sam : Well, I will not let you put yourself or this bar in danger! I won't! 
 Sookie : Am, am I fired? 
 Sam : No! But next time you think somebody's being harmed in the parking lot, pick up the phone and call the police! Do not go out there alone like a <snip> vigilante! 
 Sam  (sighs) : Oh, chère. 
 (Sookie starts to cry and Sam takes her in his arms to comfort her.) 
 Sam : Don't you know I couldn't stand to lose you? 
 Sam  (thinking): Feels so warm, I can't help it. I want you. Damn! You smell so good. I love the way you smell. I love you Sookie and I always have. I want to tell you the truth... 
 (Hearing these thoughts, Sookie slowly draws back from Sam's embrace just as Tara barges into the room.) 
 Tara : Are you out of your ever-loving mind?! That vampire wants you for dinner. 
 Sookie : I just ... 
 Tara : Well, I won't let you just walk into his trap! No ma'am! -- over my dead body! You mean too much to me. 
 Tara (thinking): Don't you look at me like that when I'm only looking out for you. I never noticed how much, you and Jason have the same eyes. Such sweet eyes. He could never kill anybody. 
 Sookie : Oh, for heaven's sakes,Tara! Jason is never going to care about you the way you care about him! 
 Tara : What the <snip> you...? You made a promise! You stay out of my head! 
 (Sam and Tara's thoughts start coming at Sookie at the same time.) 
 Sam  (thinking): Sookie ... I know how hard for her it's got to be... 
 Tara  (thinking): Promise me you never do that again ... maybe Jason will get shook up by this whole Maudette business ... 
 Sookie  (shouting): Oh just shut up, the both of you, and stop bossing me around! I am a grown woman and I am the one who decides what I do, not either one of you. 
 (Sookie pushes past both of them and leaves the room. Tara starts to go after her but Sam pulls her back.) 
 Scene 19  Merlotte's Bar and Grill Parking Lot -- It's closing time as Merlotte's light goes off. Sookie comes out the door and looks around. She doesn't see Bill. Sam leaves the building by another door and walks over to Sookie. 
 Sam : Sookie. 
 Sookie : Sam 
 Sam : You want me to wait with you until... 
 Sookie  (smiling): Go home, Sam. 
 Sam : Good night. 
 Sam walks over to his trailer, turns and watches Sookie walk towards her car. Then he unlocks the door and enters his house. As she unlocks her car, Sookie hears a sound and walks further into the deserted parking lot. She stops and looks, but sees no one. 
 Suddenly, she's pushed from behind and falls face-first to the ground! Before she can recover, two people start viciously kicking her! It's Mack and Denise Rattray! 
 They kick her over and over again! One blow catches her face and she reels back, blood splattering around. A gurgling noise starts in her throat. Sookie trys to raise up but Mack Rattray kicks her in the head. 
 End 
 To Be Continued   ~~> 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 