Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x06 - Cold Ground - True Blood 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x06 - Cold Ground https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=49&t=7385 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/02/13 12:33 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x06 - Cold Ground 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 SCENE 1 : The kitchen of the Stackhouse home. Blood streaks the white walls as Gran's body lies in a pool of blood on the floor. Tina, Sookie's pet cat, licks up some of the drops of blood on the floor. Barefooted, Sookie stands in blood, staring at her grandmother's body. Sookie gasps, pounds the air with her fists, and falls to her knees at Gran's feet. A door creaks as Sookie, still staring at Gran's body, is frightened when someone grabs her from behind. 
 Bill : Sookie! It's me. Sookie. Sookie, it's me! 
 (Bill turns Sookie around to face him. Sookie, in shock, stares blankly at him.) 
 Sookie : Bill. 
 Bill : You all right? 
 (Sookie's eyes widen. She gasps deeply.) 
 Bill : C'mere. 
 (Bill hugs her, and she holds him tightly.) 
 (POV of someone approaching the open front door of the Stackhouse home. Footsteps fall on the leaves in the yard, and the steps leading to the wooden front porch. A board creaks. In the kitchen, Bill is still comforting Sookie, and hears the creak. He looks up and toward where the sound came from. He frowns. A hand is on the front door, and Bill exposes his fangs. With lightning speed, Bill grabs the intruder by the throat with his right hand and pushes him against a wall in the doorway between the parlor and the dining room. Bill looks at the intruder with a hard, mean look. It is Sam.) 
 Sam  (shouting): Get your <snip> hands off of me! 
 (Bill does not loosen his grip on Sam's neck. He glowers at Sam.) 
 Bill  (shouting): What are you doin' here? 
 Sam : I was makin' sure that Sookie got home safe. The door was open. What are you doin' here? 
 (Sookie appears.) 
 Sookie : Bill, it's OK! Let him go! 
 (Bill slowly retracts his fangs, still staring at Sam, and removes his hand from Sam's neck.) 
 Sam : Sookie? 
 (Sam looks over at Sookie and sees blood on her hands and legs. Sam looks wild-eyed at Bill.) 
 Sam : What happened? 
 Cut to opening credits to the tune of "Bad Things" by Jace Everett 
 SCENE 2 : The dining room of the Stackhouse home. Sookie sits alone, still in shock. Sheriff Bud Dearborn, Detective Andy Bellefleur, Coroner Mike Spencer and his apprentice Neil Jones are in the kitchen. 
 Sheriff Dearborn  (off-camera): Did you get any prints off that drawer? 
 Andy Bellefleur  (off-camera): Nothing plain. Think we got a partial one on the sink. 
 (Sam places a blanket over Sookie's shoulders.) 
 Sam : Hey. 
 (Sam sits across from Sookie, leaning forward.) 
 Sam : Why don't you go upstairs and lie down? They're gonna be in there a while. 
 (Sookie looks at Sam, but says nothing.) 
 Sam : As soon as we find anything out, I'll let you know. 
 (Sookie looks down and hears the intermingled thoughts of Neil Jones (whose face is barely visible), Andy Bellefleur, Mike Spencer, and Sheriff Dearborn.) 
 Neil Jones  (thinking):  <snip> I got blood on my boots. So much blood, I'm gonna be sick. 
 Andy Bellefleur  (thinking):  Pull it together, pull the <snip> together <snip>! Do your job. No wonder they don't respect you. 
 Mike Spencer  (thinking):  ...cut her up real good. Must be 30 stabs. The throat's wide open. Holy hell, we got ourselves a serial killer here. 
 Sheriff Dearborn  (thinking):  ...Lynn and the grandkids to the lake for the weekend... 
 Andy Bellefleur  (thinking):  Poor woman, stuck raising these bad-<snip> crazy Stackhouse kids didn't deserve this. 
 Sam : Sookie?! 
 (Sookie looks up at Sam.) 
 Sookie : Maybe I could...use a little air. 
 (Sookie stands up, with the blanket still around her shoulders, walks to the front door, goes outside, and sits on the porch, straight up with her legs together, seemingly staring into space. Her legs still have Gran's blood on them. Sam comes out onto the porch, leaving the door slightly ajar. He slowly walks up to where Sookie sits. The sounds of crickets chirping and a police radio are heard in the background. Sam sits next to Sookie.) 
 Sam : Listen. I should never have left you alone, I lost my temper, and I shouldn't have. 
 (Sookie faces Sam.) 
 Sookie : Do you think you could apologize to me some other time?! 
 Sam : I just... 
 (Sam grasps Sookie's hand in her lap, and looks at her.) 
 Sam : Whatever you need, anything I can do, you know, I'm right here. 
 Sookie  (unemotionally): I know. Thank you. 
 Sam  (thinking):  ... hold you, make it better. I'm the one. I'm so sorry. Sorrowful. Soft skin. 
 (Sookie takes her hand away from Sam.) 
 Sookie : I said another time, Sam. 
 Sam : OK. 
 (Sookie and Sam look away from one another and are silent for a while.) 
 Sookie : What happened to Bill? 
 (Sam makes a sour look with his face, and growls.) 
 Sam : I'll go get him. 
 (Sookie nods, and looks toward Sam as he goes inside the house.) 
 Sookie : Thank you. 
 (Inside the Stackhouse home, Bill is looking out through a window in Sookie's dimly-lit bedroom upstairs as Sam walks into the room. Bill turns slightly toward Sam.) 
 Sam : She's askin' for you. 
 (Bill takes a few steps toward Sam.) 
 Bill : Is there somethin' you wanna say to me? 
 (Sam looks to his left, then his right, and approaches Bill from Bill's left.) 
 Sam : I want you to stay away from her. 
 (Bill and Sam lock stares.) 
 Bill : You know, Sookie doesn't take kindly to people makin' decisions for her. 
 Sam : You don't need to tell me who Sookie is. 
 (Sam resumes pacing the room behind Bill.) 
 Sam : I know who she is. I've known a  long  time. 
 (Bill turns to face Sam.) 
 Bill : Then you also know that this is neither the time nor the place for you to...mark your territory. 
 (From the window, it seems daylight is approaching.) 
 Sam : There's a woman lyin' dead downstairs. She wouldn't be there if it weren't for you. 
 (Sam steps closer to Bill.) 
 Sam : Anything happens to Sookie, I promise...I'll be sharpening a stake with your name on it! 
 (Sam and Bill stare at one another, and Sam leaves Sookie's bedroom. Bill returns to the window, opens it, and places his hand through a hole in the screen window. 
 SCENE 3 : The kitchen of the Stackhouse home. Mike Spencer and Neil Jones are kneeling beside Gran's body. Neil's face is more visible now. He is brunet, with an emo hairstyle. 
 Mike Spencer : Looks like she put up a hell of a fight. See those defensive cuts on her hand? Straight to the bone? 
 Neil Jones : Uhm. Hardcore. 
 (Sheriff Dearborn and Andy Bellefleur are in the doorway of the kitchen.) 
 Andy Bellefleur : Psycho son of a bitch. Goin' after her all the way that way...just about the sickest thing I ever seen. 
 (Sheriff Dearborn chuckles. The sound of a zipper is heard.) 
 Sheriff Dearborn : Nah. I've seen worse. 
 (Sheriff Dearborn turns to face Andy.) 
 Sheriff Dearborn : There was a murder about six years ago. Lady snapped. Blew her husband's head off while he was watching the game. Big chunks of the brain all over the TV. 
 Andy Bellefleur : Why'd she do it? 
 Sheriff Dearborn : I guess she wanted to watch somethin' else. How the hell would I know, Andy?! People don't murder because they're right in the head. 
 (Unintelligible speech is heard from a police radio.) 
 Andy Bellefleur  (frowning): I told you we never should have released Jason Stackhouse. 
 Sheriff Dearborn : Now, come on. This is his grandma we're talkin' about. 
 Andy Bellefleur : Do you think that little pervert ain't capable? 
 Sheriff Dearborn : Well, Adele did bring the fanger into a church. Sure that ruffled more than a few feathers...if he didn't do it himself. 
 Andy Bellefleur : But vampire Bill said that... 
 Sheriff Dearborn : Vampire Bill? You're on a first-name basis with that bloodsucker now? These things are crafty. They've been killin' long enough to know how to cover their tracks. 
 (Bill enters the kitchen.) 
 Bill : Am I interruptin'? 
 Andy Bellefleur : Whoa! Mr. Compton, this is...an official crime scene. You can't be in here! 
 Sheriff Dearborn : It's all right Andy. (looking at Bill) I suspect vampire Bill's been around a dead body or two before. Isn't that right, sir? 
 (Bill stares at Sheriff Dearborn.) 
 Sheriff Dearborn : Friend of yours, wasn't she? 
 (Bill looks toward the floor.) 
 Bill : Yes, I suppose she was. 
 (Sheriff Dearborn removes his hat.) 
 Sheriff Dearborn : Well...we got a couple more questions for you. You mind? 
 Bill : No, not at all. 
 (Sheriff Dearborn, Bill, and Andy Bellefleur walk to the parlor. Bill's arms are folded.) 
 Andy Bellefleur : Sookie tells you were here when she found the body. Is that right? 
 Bill : I arrived a few moments after. 
 Sheriff Dearborn : Kind of late to be making house calls. 
 (Bill stares at Sheriff Dearborn.) 
 Sheriff Dearborn : All right. I guess you don't sleep, huh? 
 Andy Bellefleur : They sleep, just not at night. 
 Sheriff Dearborn  (to Bill, who is off-camera): So you make a habit of visitin' Miss Stackhouse in the middle of the night? 
 Bill  (unfolding his arms): We had certain personal matters to discuss. After you left my home, I was waitin' for her to return from her engagement. When I heard her car in the drive, I came across the cemetery. 
 Andy Bellefleur : You're saying, you heard a car comin' from clean across the cemetery? 
 Bill : Heightened senses are a common side effect of our condition. 
 Andy Bellefleur : But you didn't see or hear any other vehicles comin' from the house? Somethin' like a truck, maybe? 
 Bill : No. 
 Sheriff Dearborn : A lot of folks would not be too keen on a vampire movin' in next door. But Adele Stackhouse, she welcomed you with open arms, didn't she? 
 Bill : She was very gracious, yes. 
 Sheriff Dearborn : So...Maudette Pickens, Dawn Green, Adele Stackhouse, they were all very gracious to your, uh...people. That's just about the one thing they had in common. 
 (Sheriff Dearborn smiles smugly.) 
 Sheriff Dearborn : Now, is that one hell of a plus-size coincidence or what? 
 Bill : I don't believe so, no. 
 Andy Bellefleur : Excuse me? 
 Bill : I suspect whoever did this is targeting women who associate with vampires. 
 Andy Bellefleur : You can't be serious. Adele Stackhouse and a vamp? 
 Bill : Oh, I don't think Sookie's grandmother was the intended victim. 
 (Sookie is still sitting on the porch with the blanket wrapped around her. Sam is sitting next to her. They are not looking at one another. A voice is heard on a police radio. The speech is unintelligible. Sookie turns to Sam.) 
 Sookie : I should probably call Jason. 
 (Sam faces Sookie.) 
 Sam : Aw, I can do it if you like. 
 (Sookie nods.) 
 Sookie : Thank you. 
 (Sam takes his cell phone out, stands up, and walks away. Cut to Jason's bedroom. Empty green Dos Equis bottles are on the carpeted floor, as are a yellow Playtex glove and a blue g-string with white stars, and the spilled contents of a black purse. Jason snores in bed, a woman's arm draped over his back. Jason's cell phone rings and vibrates on the nightstand. Jason slowly turns to grab it, and throws the phone to the bedroom window, breaking a louvered window shutter. In his bed, Jason is shown naked with Randi Sue.) 
 (Sam is a few steps away from the Stackhouse front porch, with his cell phone up to his ear. Sookie is still sitting on the steps with the blanket wrapped around her.) 
 Jason  (via pre-recorded voice mail message): This is Stackhouse. You know what to do. 
 (Bill comes out of the house, and Sookie stands and turns and walks toward him. Sam turns around to see Bill.) 
 Generic pre-recorded female voice-mail voice : To leave a voice message... 
 (Sam closes his cell phone and walks up to the porch.) 
 Sookie : Bill, what's going on? 
 Bill : They're about to move your grandmother. 
 (Bill puts his arm around Sookie and they walk to one side of the porch. Sam walks up the steps to the porch. Andy Bellefleur opens the screen door, followed by Sheriff Dearborn, and Bill and Sookie turn to face them.) 
 Andy Bellefleur : Sookie, you might wanna go sleep...at a friend's. Someplace less isolated. 
 Sookie : I'm not goin' anywhere. 
 Bill : Uh, Sookie, perhaps... 
 (Sookie turns to Bill.) 
 Sookie : No! This is my house. I'm stayin' right here. 
 Mike Spencer  (off-camera): ...turn her there! All right! Comin' through! 
 (Sheriff Dearborn and Andy Bellefleur turn to see Mike Spencer and Neil Jones come through the front door with Gran's body on a wheeled gurney. Sam looks at Sookie from across the porch and she returns the look before returning her attention to Mike Spencer and Neil Jones. Neil Jones looks at Sookie as he passes her, and Sookie hears his thoughts.) 
 Neil Jones  (thinking):  Please, God. Hope she didn't recognize me at the vampire bar. 
 (Sookie catches a glimpse of Neil Jones, wearing makeup, a black half-tank, and a wild hairstyle, as he appeared at Fangtasia in S01E04, scene 16, after Bill says "Well, don't get too comfortable. It tends to get more authentic as the night wears on.") 
 Neil Jones  (thinking):  I look different, it was dark, and she was fang-bangin'.. 
 Sheriff Dearborn  (looking at Sookie; thinking):  ...dumb luck you're not in that bag right now, <snip>' that vampire. 
 (Sookie stares at Sheriff Dearborn.) 
 Sheriff Dearborn  (thinking):  You could be next. 
 Sheriff Dearborn : I'm truly sorry about your grandmother. 
 Sookie : Are y'all done in there, 'cause I'd like to clean up? If that's all right? 
 Sheriff Dearborn : All right, then. You call us at the first sign of anything. 
 (The Sheriff and Andy Bellefleur turn and walk away.) 
 Andy Bellefleur  (to Sam): Keep an eye on her. 
 Sam : I will. 
 Bill  (to Sookie): They are right. You should not stay here. 
 Sam : I agree. You can have my trailer. I'll sleep at the bar. 
 Sookie  (to both): I'm as safe here as anywhere. Besides, I've got both of you to protect me, haven't I? 
 Bill : Sookie...I have to go. 
 (Sookie nods.) 
 Sookie : Of course. It's almost dawn. 
 (Bill nods slightly.) 
 Bill : I will come back later. 
 (Sam approaches Bill.) 
 Sam : I can take it from here. 
 (Sam and Bill stare intently at one another.) 
 Sookie  (to Bill): Don't worry about me. Go. 
 (Sookie watches Bill as he walk away. Sam and Sookie share a bit of silence.) 
 Sookie : Uh, there's an extra mop 'round back. Would y'mind gettin' it for me? 
 Sam : Sookie... 
 Sookie : Gran took a lot of pride in her home. She wouldn't want anyone to see it like this. 
 (Sookie walks inside the house, leaving Sam looking confused.) 
 SCENE 4 : Sookie is on her knees in the kitchen at the spot where Gran's body was found. Blood is on the floor. Sookie is wearing the same dress as earlier, plus blue Playtex gloves. A small wash tub is on the floor near her. She picks up a rag from the wash tub and wrings water from it. She washes the blood from the floor. 
 SCENE 5 : The next day at the Stackhouse home. POV of someone bearing a covered dish as Sam opens the front door. 
 Sam : Aw, hey, that looks great. Why don't you... why don't you put it in the kitchen. 
 (Sam points the way to the kitchen, En route to the kitchen, we see and hear a number of visitors inside, mostly older people, both white and African-American, talking amongst themselves, still from the POV of the Bearer of the Covered Dish.) 
 Unknown Female Visitor #1 : It was so sad. 
 Unknown Male Visitor #1 : That Stackhouse girl hasn't come out of the kitchen. 
 Unknown Female Visitor #2 : I heard she hasn't cried a single tear. 
 Unknown Female Visitor #3 : You know she's been goin' around with that vampire. 
 (Still from the POV of the Bearer of the Covered Dish, we enter the kitchen. Sookie is sitting at the breakfast table, her back toward us. Tara walks into the kitchen from the small back stairwell of the kitchen. Sookie turns to greet the Bearer of the Covered Dish, who is revealed to be Maxine Fortenberry, dressed in bright pink.) 
 Sookie : Oh, uh...Mrs. Fortenberry, you shouldn't have. 
 Mrs. Fortenberry  (somewhat melodramatically): You poor child. I am so sorry for your loss. 
 (Sookie shakes her head.) 
 Sookie : That's very kind of you. Um...Gran often talked about you, so... 
 (Tara takes the covered dish from Mrs. Fortenberry and walks to another part of the house.) 
 Sookie : ...thank you. 
 (Tara is joined by Lafayette, wearing a purple tie-dye pullover shirt and black babushka.) 
 Tara : Yeah, 'cause nothing says "I'm sorry" like a tuna cheese casserole. 
 Lafayette :  Another  one? 
 (Lafayette looks over his shoulder.) 
 Lafayette : I ain't seen Jason. Is he here yet? 
 Tara : How the hell should I know? I ain't his keeper. 
 (Tara turns away from Lafayette.) 
 Lafayette : Bitch. 
 (Mrs. Fortenberry is still talking with Sookie at the breakfast table.) 
 Mrs. Fortenberry : Adele was an angel sent from Heaven, too good for this world. We're all gonna miss her so much. 
 Mrs. Fortenberry  (thinking):  Heard they almost cut off her head. I don't see any blood. I should have gotten here sooner. Maybe I should have brought my red velvet cake instead. 
 (Sookie stands up.) 
 Sookie : Excuse me? 
 (Sookie walks away from Mrs. Fortenberry, and is almost immediately hugged by Arlene, who is crying.) 
 Arlene : Oh, Sookie? I just can't believe it. Are you all right? 
 Sookie : I'm fine, Arlene. Thanks for comin'. 
 Arlene : Of course...It's the least I could do. Oh...you poor thing. I can't imagine what you're goin' through. 
 (Arlene offers a shy chuckle, and becomes serious again.) 
 Arlene : Now, if you need help with moving or anything at all... 
 (Sookie looks surprised.) 
 Sookie : Uh, I'm... am I movin'? I'm not movin'. 
 (Arlene looks disgusted.) 
 Arlene : But honey. With it happenin'... right here. 
 Sookie : I have far more good memories of this kitchen than bad ones. 
 Arlene  (smiling): Oh, what a good way to look at it. You know, you really are smarter than anyone gives you credit for. 
 (Sookie gives Arlene a "no you just didn't" look.) 
 Arlene : Oh, sweetie. I didn't mean it like that! 
 (The refrigerator door is opened and Sookie and Arlene turn toward it to see Mrs. Fortenberry with a pie in her hands, peeling the plastic wrap from it.) 
 Sookie  (shouting): Maxine Fortenberry! You put that pie down right now! 
 Unknown Male Visitor #2  (off-camera): What's goin' on over there? 
 Unknown Female Visitor #4  (off-camera): Come here, she's losin' it. 
 (Sookie storms toward Mrs. Fortenberry and takes the pie from Mrs. Fortenberry. Astonished visitors, including Sam, peer into the kitchen from the dining room.) 
 Sookie  (yelling): This is Gran's pie! 
 Mrs. Fortenberry : Well, I'm sorry. I was just makin' some room... 
 (Sookie has a crazed look on her face, and hears some thoughts.) 
 Mrs. Fortenberry  (off-camera; thinking):  Poor girl is crazy as a bedbug. 
 Unknown Male Visitor #3  (off-camera; thinking):  We all know you killed your grandmother. 
 Mrs. Fortenberry  (thinking):  After I spent all morning making this casserole... 
 Unknown Male Visitor #4  (off-camera; thinking):  ...that she would even show her face in front of everybody... 
 (Tara walks from the sink to where Sookie stands and escorts Sookie from the kitchen.) 
 Tara : If you all'll excuse us...I need Sookie upstairs. 
 (Tara and Sookie pass the onlooking visitors.) 
 Tara  (to Sam): Just give us a little girl-time. 
 (Tara and Sookie approach the front stairwell.) 
 Tara : Come on, Lafayette! 
 (Tara, Sookie, and Lafayette go upstairs. Mrs. Fortenberry watches from the kitchen, and makes a puzzled look at Arlene, who is scratching her head.) 
 Arlene : Ooommph! 
 SCENE 6 : Sookie's bedroom. On Sookie's bed sits the half-finished pecan pie in a glass pie plate, wrapped in plastic. Sookie and Tara are sitting on one side of Sookie's bed; Lafayette reclines on the other. 
 Sookie : I shouldn't have lost it like that. 
 Tara : Don't feel sorry for yelling at that snoopy old bitch. She's been stickin' her nose where it don't belong for years. 
 Lafayette : Say it. I mean, if she talked any more <snip> she'd be shaped like a toilet. 
 (Tara and Lafayette look at one another and laugh. Sookie looks at them with no discernible emotion.) 
 Lafayette : I'm sorry. 
 Sookie : Gran's gone. 
 (Tara and Lafayette quiet down.) 
 Sookie : She's really gone. 
 (Tara and Lafayette look downward.) 
 Tara : Yeah, she is. 
 (Sookie shakes her head. A train sounds in the background.) 
 Sookie : I don't know what I'm supposed to do. Can't even think straight. 
 Tara : Of course you can't! How can you, with all these circling buzzards? 
 Lafayette  (quietly): Um, hmm. 
 Tara : You know, you're not their entertainment. You don't have to dance for 'em. You just gotta feel whatever you're feelin'. 
 Sookie : I'm not sure I'm...feelin' anything. I'm just numb. 
 Tara : Numb is good. 
 Lafayette : Yeah. 
 Tara : "Numb" is probably what you need right now. 
 Lafayette : Umm. 
 Tara : Stop worryin' about being so damn appropriate. This is not an "appropriate" event. 
 (The sounds of birds chirping and insects, as well as muffled voices coming from downstairs, are heard through the silence.) 
 Sookie : Thank you for gettin' me out of there. Haven't had a single minute of silence. Can't seem to...block anything out right now. 
 Tara : You want me to tell 'em all to shut the hell up? 
 Sookie : I wish it were that easy. 
 Lafayette : It is. Your wish... 
 (Lafayette pulls out a plastic bag of pills from his pants pocket.) 
 Lafayette : ...is my command. 
 Sookie : Oh, no. I don't do drugs. 
 Lafayette : Sook. Relax! This is not drugs. This...is just a Valium. 
 (Lafayette holds one of the pills up. Tara chuckles. Sookie says nothing.) 
 Lafayette : Well, I tell you what: Put in on your nightstand... 
 (Sookie takes the pill from Lafayette.) 
 Lafayette : ...just in case you change your mind. I'm gonna go and check on the circlin' buzzards. 
 (Lafayette gets up off the bed. Sookie has the pie in her hand.) 
 Sookie : Lafayette? 
 Lafayette : Yes, ma'am. 
 (Sookie hands the pie to Lafayette.) 
 Sookie : Would you mind... taking this downstairs for me? 
 (Lafayette takes the pie from Sookie.) 
 Lafayette : I will guard it with my life. 
 (Lafayette leaves the bedroom.) 
 SCENE 7 : Jason is driving his pickup truck, traveling at a high rate of speed. Loud music comes from the truck's stereo. A siren is heard in the background. Jason looks at his watch, worn on his right hand. He approaches an intersection where a road crew is working. The tires squeal as he turns the corner. He parks his truck nearby. He cuts off the engine, and the music shuts off. 
 René  (off-camera): Holy <snip>. This ain't no good. 
 (Jason gets out of his truck. The daylight seems to be a bit too bright for him as he walks to the road crew.) 
 Jason : Yeah I know, I know. I'm late. 
 (Daylight seems to flash brightly in Jason's eyes, perhaps an aftereffect of the V-juice he used the previous day, as he approaches René and Hoyt.) 
 Jason : My alarm broke and I couldn't find my phone. 
 René : Jason...Jason. 
 Jason : Yeah. 
 René : What...are you doin' here? 
 Jason : My job. 
 (Jason chuckles.) 
 René : Aww...<snip>! (to Hoyt): He don't know, then? 
 (Hoyt, wide-eyed, turns to Jason. Jason look at Hoyt and René.) 
 Hoyt : Man, I am so sorry. 
 (Hoyt pats Jason on the left shoulder. Jason looks puzzled.) 
 Jason : About what? 
 SCENE 8 : Sookie's bedroom. Tara and Sookie are laying on their fronts across the bed. Tara's arms are folded under her head, and Sookie holds a pillow. Soft music plays in the background. 
 Tara : Do you want me to call anyone? Your cousin Hadley? 
 (Sookie is seated on the edge of her bed.) 
 Sookie : No one has heard from her for in over a year, since she ran away from that rehab Gran paid for. I don't even know how to get hold of her. 
 Tara : What about Bill? You wanna invite him? 
 Sookie : Tara, he can't go. 
 Tara : Oh. Right. 
 Sookie : It's not like you've...known a lot of vampires. It kinda takes gettin' used to. 
 Tara : I'm not sure I'll ever get used to it. 
 (Sookie stares at Tara.) 
 Tara : What? Not everyone is as open-minded as you. Shoot me. You should hear the things people are sayin'. 
 Sookie  (slightly louder than before): I do. 
 (Tara looks at Sookie wide-eyed.) 
 Sookie : Bill did not kill my grandmother! 
 Tara : Don't you get all mad at me. Nobody's blamin' Bill...exactly. But didn't you tell me he had scary-ass friends? 
 Sookie : Not all the vampires are like that. 
 Tara : I'd <snip> lose it if anything happened to you. You know that, right? 
 Sookie : Tara, last night was so horrible. I don't know how I would've gotten through it if it weren't for Bill. I don't know how to explain it exactly, but... 
 (The sound of a truck approaching at a high rate of speed and screeching to a stop is heard.) 
 Sookie : ...it's like I almost feel normal. 
 (The sound of a truck door being slammed shut is heard.) 
 (Downstairs, Jason throws open the front door of the Stackhouse home. The visitors turn to him, shocked at his sudden appearance. Jason looks around, then runs upstairs. He throws open the door to Sookie's bedroom. Sookie stands up.) 
 Sookie : Jason... 
 (Jason slaps Sookie across her face with his right hand, knocking her down to the bed. Tara runs to Jason.) 
 Tara  (screaming): What the <snip>? 
 Jason  (to Sookie, yelling): It's your fault! 
 (Jason points his left index finger at Sookie.) 
 Jason : Gran is dead 'cause o' you. 
 (Sookie sits up on the bed, her left hand to her left cheek. She frowns at Jason.) 
 Jason  (yelling): It should have been  you ! 
 (Jason lunges at Sookie, but Tara grabs him.) 
 Tara  (yelling): Don't you lay your hands on her! 
 (Jason looks at Sookie.) 
 Jason : She's <snip> a vampire, Tara... 
 (Jason walks to Sookie's bed.) 
 Jason  (shouting): A <snip> vampire! 
 (Tara gets between Jason and Sookie and faces Jason.) 
 Tara  (shouting): Yeah, and that vampire was here for her when you weren't! 
 (Jason stares wildly at Sookie.) 
 Tara  (shouting): You oughta be ashamed of yourself! Is that how you grandmother raised you? To beat on your own sister? Look at you! I don't even recognize you anymore! Get the hell out of here! 
 (Tara pushes Jason away.) 
 Tara : Get out! Get out! 
 (Tara pushes Jason out of the bedroom and closes the door. She turns and walks over to Sookie, who begins sobbing.) 
 Tara : You OK? 
 (Tara sits on the bed and takes a look at Sookie's cheek. Sookie reaches to the nightstand for the blue Valium pill she took from Lafayette, and puts it in her mouth.) 
 SCENE 9 : Outside the Stackhouse home. Jason walks out from the house onto the porch, down the steps, and walks to his truck, where Detective Andy Bellefleur stands waiting for him. 
 Andy Bellefleur : Stackhouse? Need to ask you a few questions. 
 Jason : Not now, Andy. 
 (Andy Bellefleur places his hand on Jason's chest and stops him.) 
 Andy Bellefleur : Where were you last night? 
 Jason : I don't know. I was with a girl. 
 Andy Bellefleur : Tara Thornton? 
 (Jason looks up at Andy Bellefleur.) 
 Jason : What? No. 
 Andy Bellefleur : Yeah, I didn't think so. What's this one's name? 
 (A few visitors to the Stackhouse home, including Lafayette, walk onto the porch to witness the confrontation.) 
 Jason : I don't remember her name, OK? Uh, I got a number. I don't know what I did with it, though. 
 Andy Bellefleur : Why, ain't that convenient. 
 (Jason shakes his head.) 
 Jason : What the hell is that supposed to mean, Andy? 
 Andy Bellefleur : It's "Detective Bellefleur." And what the <snip> you think it means? 
 (Jason snarls at Andy Bellefleur.) 
 Jason : Are you sayin' I killed my grandmother? 
 (With great force, Jason pushes Andy Bellefleur up against the passenger side of the truck, setting off the truck's alarm. Andy falls to the ground. Jason turns toward the house and notices the onlookers. Jason walks around to the other side of his truck and silences the alarm. Andy briefly winces in pain.) 
 Lafayette  (to himself): You's a stupid bitch, Jason Stackhouse. 
 (Jason drives away as Andy tries to get up.) 
 SCENE 10 : In the kitchen of the Stackhouse home, Mrs. Fortenberry and Arlene are talking, each holding a glass of iced tea. 
 Mrs. Fortenberry : Jason Stackhouse tossed Andy Bellefleur like he was nothin' but a rag doll. 
 Arlene : René makes me watch that Friday Night Smackdown with him. Those men are built thicker than walls, but I ain't never seen one of them do that. 
 (Lafayette approaches Arlene and Mrs. Fortenberry with a glass pitcher of iced tea and refills their glasses.) 
 Lafayette : Well, you know Jason? He work out a lot. He  real  strong. 
 (Arlene looks at Lafayette and nods.) 
 Arlene  (sarcastically): Um, hmm. 
 (Lafayette walks away, and Tara walks down the stairwell, stops, and turns to address the visitors downstairs.) 
 Tara : All right everybody! Sookie needs her rest. It's time for y'all to go now. 
 (The crowd, including Sam and Arlene, quiet down.) 
 Tara  (shouting): What the hell are you all starring? You heard me! The sideshow's over. Now git! Let's go, let's go! 
 (The crowd begins to leave.) 
 Tara : We appreciate y'all comin' out. We love y'all. Come on, let's go. Let's go. Thank you. 
 (The visitors leave, but Sam stands still. He looks at Tara.) 
 Tara : That means you too, Sam. 
 (Sam hesitates before he walks up to Tara.) 
 Tara : Look, I get it. But right now, she needs to be alone. 
 Sam : Well, if there's anything I can do, you call me. 
 Tara : You're a good friend. Now get the <snip> out of here. Please. 
 Sam  (whispering): All right. 
 (Sam leaves. Tara looks over at Arlene.) 
 Tara : Don't make me throw y'all out myself, 'cause you know I will. 
 (Arlene, an unknown female, and Mrs. Fortenberry leave. Arlene glares at Tara as she passes her.) 
 Arlene : I heard you, Tara. 
 (Mrs. Fortenberry and Tara exchange glares.) 
 
 
 
 SCENE 11 : The dining room of the Stackhouse home. Lafayette and Tara are looking at the dishes of food, brought (and half-eaten) by visitors. 
 Lafayette : What the <snip> is it with white people and Jell-O? I don't understand. 
 Tara  (exhales deeply): What the hell are we gonna do with all of this? 
 Lafayette : Toss it. Sookie don't need no bad juju cookin'. 
 Tara : Bad juju? 
 Lafayette : Way to a man's heart is through his stomach. That <snip> true as gold. You put some love in your food and folk can taste it. Smell this. You can smell the...the fear and nastiness comin' off that kern bread. 
 (Lafayette hands a glass bread pan with corn bread in it to Tara. Tara eats a pinch of it.) 
 Tara : Tastes just fine to me. 
 Lafayette : See, bitch, you gonna wish you ain't did that. Watch. 
 (Sookie is asleep, laying fully-clothed on her back, on top of her bed. A gentle breeze blows through the window. A creaking sound is heard. Two hands appear and grab Sookie around her throat, waking her. She coughs as she is being choked.) 
 Sookie  (in a choked whisper): Bill! 
 (Bill's eyes open in darkness, and we pass away from him through stone and wood and into his house's entry hall. We hear the glass components of his chandelier tinkling and insects chirping. Through the long, narrow glass windows on either side of his front door, we see that it is sunset. We see Bill laying fully-clothed on his back as he turns on a small light and looks at the analog watch on his left wrist. The time reads 5:49.) 
 Bill  (screaming, yet restrained): No! 
 (Bill is laying fully-clothed on his back, underneath his house, trying to move, but he seems unable to. He tries to get up, but cannot, and exhales in exasperation.) 
 SCENE 12 : The Stackhouse front porch at sunset. Birds and insects chirp, then dark clouds hide the sun. It is night. Sookie's car is parked in front of the house. Inside, Lafayette sweeps the living room floor and Tara is looking out through a window. She turns, picks up some plates, and approaches Lafayette. 
 Tara : Maybe I should go check on Sookie. 
 Lafayette : Trust me. That child is dead to the world right now. 
 (The front door bursts open and Bill runs upstairs with lightning speed. Tara puts down the plates she picked up, looks toward the stairwell.) 
 Tara : What the <snip>...? 
 (Tara and Lafayette run upstairs. Bill rushes to Sookie's side. Sookie is laying on her bed, motionless. Her bedroom is unlit, save for a hurricane lamp on a bedside table.) 
 Bill : Sookie. Sookie! 
 (Tara and Lafayette enter Sookie's bedroom.) 
 Tara : What the hell are you doin'? 
 (Bill shakes Sookie.) 
 Bill : Sookie! Sookie! Sookie! Sookie! 
 (Sookie opens her eyes.) 
 Bill : Soo... 
 (Bill and Sookie look at one another silently for a short while.) 
 Sookie : Bill, what's wrong? 
 (Bill exhales deeply.) 
 Bill : I thought...(smiling)...I had a dream. That's all. You go back to sleep. 
 Sookie : But I... 
 Bill : Don't worry. I'm not goin' anywhere. 
 (Bill and Sookie look at one another.) 
 Bill : Go on. 
 (Sookie turns her head and closes her eyes. She turns over onto her right side, facing away from Bill, who has his left arm around her waist. He removes his arm and kneels at the side of her bed, watching her. Downstairs, Lafayette sits in the living room while Tara stands with her arms folded, looking out through a window at Bill, who stands in the front lawn holding a bottle of Tru:Blood in his hand.) 
 Tara : You think they're capable of lovin' a person? 
 (Lafayette stands up and joins Tara by the window.) 
 Lafayette : Who knows what they're capable of. 
 (As Bill takes a sip from the bottle of Tru:Blood, a dog resembling a border collie runs up and sits near Bill, focusing its attention on the Stackhouse home. Bill looks at the dog, then looks up toward where the dog is looking. Bill takes another drink of Tru:Blood and the dog lets out a quiet bark.) 
 SCENE 13 : The iron filigree gate reads "BONTEMPS CEMETERY" across its arch. It is a sunny day for Gran's graveside service. Crows caw in the background. A woman sings the hymn "Softly And Tenderly"  a capella . 
 Female singer  (off-camera):  ...tenderly, Jesus is calling, calling, 'O sinner, come home!' 
 (The service is well-attended. Several mourners fan themselves. Sookie, dressed in black with her hair pulled back into a bun, sits in the front row. Tara, also dressed in black, sits at Sookie's right. To Tara's right sits Lafayette, in a black suit, purple shirt and tie, and no babushka; he is bald. Behind Tara and Lafayette sits Hoyt Fortenberry and his mother, Maxine. At Sookie's left sits Jason, wearing a navy blue suit, with his arms folded. Jason's maroon tie is loosened and his white shirt is unbuttoned at the neck. Part of Jason's shirt collar hangs outside of his suit jacket. Jason's legs bounce up and down nervously. Behind Jason sit René and Arlene. Blue, pink, purple, and white flowers rest on top of Gran's closed casket. A blue bow bears the words "Beloved Grandmother". The singer has her eyes closed as she sings from a podium near the casket.) 
 Female singer :  Softly and tenderly, Jesus is calling, calling for you and for me. See, on the portal... 
 (Sam is sitting behind Jason, next to Arlene, and looks off into the distance.) 
 Female singer :  ...He's waiting and watching... 
 (Terry Bellefleur weeps. His cousin, Detective Andy Bellefleur, scowls as he looks away from Terry. In front of Andy is Sheriff Dearborn). 
 Female singer :  ...calling, 'O sinner, come home!' 
 (The singer closes her hymnal and steps down from the podium. A robed minister takes her place. Jason wipes his face with his tie.) 
 Minister : Lord, we gather here today to remember the life of Adele Stackhouse. To celebrate the time that she enjoyed here on earth. 
 (Sookie notices someone in a wheelchair being pushed along a path.) 
 Minister  (off-camera): And to thank you for each precious moment... 
 (Sookie squeezes Tara's left hand tightly.) 
 Tara  (quietly): Ow! Sookie, my hand. 
 (Sookie looks startled.) 
 Sookie : Sorry... sorry. 
 (An elderly man is in the wheelchair. He is being pushed by Neil Jones, who pushes the wheelchair up to the left of Sam.) 
 Minister  (off-camera): ...the family, the friends, the community. But even as we grieve, we shall be comforted, knowing that she is in peace now in Lord's kingdom. 
 (Sookie stares at the elderly man. Jason greets him with a pat on the knee. Neil leaves.) 
 Minister  (off-camera): And there shall not be more death... 
 (Sookie looks at the elderly man with a stern look on her face.) 
 Sookie : Uncle Bartlett, what are you doing here?! 
 (Uncle Bartlett nods.) 
 Uncle Bartlett : She was my sister. 
 Sookie : You haven't been part of this family in a long time. 
 (Sookie and Uncle Bartlett exchange glares.) 
 Jason : Sook, come on. Give the guy a break. 
 Minister  (off-camera): ...Sookie Stackhouse has prepared a few words. 
 (Sookie stares sternly at Jason.) 
 Minister  (off-camera): Honey? 
 (Sookie realizes the minister is speaking to her.) 
 Minister : You wanted to say a few words? 
 (Sookie grabs her handbag, and stands up.) 
 Tara : Sookie, you OK? 
 (Sookie walks past Jason, Sam, and Uncle Bartlett to the podium. She takes a folded piece of paper from her handbag. She unfolds the piece of paper, and addresses the mourners.) 
 Sookie : Adele Stackhouse was...everything to me. She wasn't just my grandmother. She was...my parent, my teacher, and my best friend. 
 (Sookie picks up some intermingled thoughts from the mourners.) 
 Unknown female mourner #1  (thinking):  Oh, please! If it weren't for you, she would be alive. 
 Unknown male mourner #1  (thinking):  What's this world comin' to? A vampire lover givin' a eulogy... 
 Unknown female mourner #2  (thinking):  I thought she was a good girl. I guess you can never know. 
 Unknown male mourner #2  (thinking):  You oughta be in that grave. And you will be... 
 (Sookie looks at the mourners and continues.) 
 Sookie : To say she'll be missed...just dudn't cut it, 'cause...I can't even imagine a world without her in. She was always there, with a kind word, and a hot meal, and a shoulder to cry on. Not just for me, but... 
 Uncle Bartlett  (off-camera; thinking):  Forgive me, Adele, please forgive me. 
 Sookie : ...for everyone who knew her. 
 Uncle Bartlett  (thinking):  I never meant to hurt no one. I couldn't help myself. I'm sorry... 
 Unknown female mourner #1  (thinking):  Poor pathetic thing. Can't even pretend she's not as nuts as nuts can be... 
 Sheriff Dearborn  (thinking):  You're sleepin' with your grandmother's killer. 
 Unknown female mourner #3  (thinking):  Your grandmother's dead because of you. 
 Sookie  (shouting): Shut up! All of you, just shut the <snip> up! 
 (The crowd mumble among themselves.) 
 Unknown female mourner #4  (thinking): Look at her, cursing...[/i] 
 Unknown male mourner #4  (thinking):  This whole world's just plain crazy... 
 Sam  (thinking):  ...freak accident, oh my God... 
 Andy Bellefleur  (off-camera; thinking):  ...oughta just lock her up and throw away the key. 
 (Sookie grabs her handbag and runs away from the service. Jason runs after her.) 
 Minister : Well... ahem . Is there anyone else who'd care to share a few words? 
 (The mourners mumble, but are otherwise speechless.) 
 Lettie Mae : I got something to say. 
 (The crowd turns to see Lettie Mae Thornton standing up from behind Hoyt and walking up to the front.) 
 Lafayette  (to Tara): What is she doin'? 
 (Tara grabs Lettie Mae's arm as she walks past.) 
 Tara : No, Momma. 
 (Lettie Mae breaks free and continues walking to the podium.) 
 Lafayette : Oh my <snip> God, girl. This is about to get ugly. 
 (The minister steps aside as Lettie Mae approaches the podium. She seems slightly unsteady on her feet as she addresses the crowd.) 
 Lettie Mae : I didn't know Miss Stackhouse like a lot of you did. But the few times I did meet her...she was nuttin' but kind to me. She was a good, God-fearin' woman. And when I was going through some bad things, my daughter'd go stay with her, and I always knew she would be just fine. Adele Stackhouse took care of my baby when I couldn't. An' I'll always be grateful for that. 
 (Lettie Mae steps away from the podium.) 
 SCENE 14 : Sookie continues running through the cemetery. 
 Jason  (off-camera): Sookie! 
 (Jason is still running after Sookie.) 
 Jason : Sookie, just hold on a sec. 
 (Sookie stops running and turns to face Jason, who also stops running, stopping a short distance from her.) 
 Sookie : Why? So you can hit me again? Go ahead, tell me it's all my fault. Tell me how you wish it were me in that coffin. I deserve it. 
 Jason : I'm sorry. 
 (Jason tries to catch his breath. He walks up to Sookie as if to hug her.) 
 Jason : I'm so sorry. 
 Sookie : Don't touch me! 
 Jason : Now, I didn't mean to hurt you. You gotta know that. 
 Sookie : You invited Uncle Bartlett! How could you do that? 
 Jason : He has a right to be here! Look, I know he and Gran had their problems, but whatever they were, it don't matter no more. 'Cause that's what family does. We forgive each other. 
 Sookie : You have no idea of what you're talking about! 
 Jason : Sookie, please? I mean, we're all we've got. 
 Sookie : We've got nothin'. 
 (Sookie turns and runs away from Jason. Jason looks around at the gravestones, seemingly confused, and runs in a different direction.) 
 SCENE 15 : Gran's graveside service has ended Some mourners are leaving, others stand talking amongst themselves, while some others remain seated. Maxine Fortenberry has some sort of hand-held electrical device buzzing in her hand (Norelco razor? Cell phone?), puts it in her purse, then turns and waves her hand to get the attention of Lettie Mae. 
 Mrs. Fortenberry  (whispering): Hey! 
 (Lettie Mae turns around leans toward Mrs. Fortenberry.) 
 Mrs. Fortenberry : I was moved. Very moved. You know, you should come to our next Descendants of the Glorious Dead's meetin'. 
 Lettie Mae : Is that some kind of support group thang? I went to one of those AA meetin's once. They were nothin' but a cult. 
 (Tara grabs Lettie Mae's arm from behind, looking angry at her. Lettie Mae turns to face Tara and smiles.) 
 Lettie Mae : Hi, baby! 
 (Lettie Mae turns to Mrs. Fortenberry.) 
 Lettie Mae : This is my precious daughter, Tara. 
 Tara  (to Lettie Mae): We've met, like, a hundred times too many. (to Mrs. Fortenberry) Excuse us. 
 (Tara grabs Lettie Mae's arm and pulls her up out of her chair and away from Mrs. Fortenberry.) 
 Tara : What the hell are you doing? 
 Lettie Mae : Just talkin' to that nice lady. Let go my arm, you're hurtin' me! 
 Tara : Oh, I'm hurtin' you. That's funny. 'Cause the last time I saw you, you were beatin' my head in with a bottle. 
 Lettie Mae : Oh, sweet Jesus! You poor child. I am so sorry. 
 (Tara rolls her eyes as Lettie Mae hugs her neck. After a few seconds, Tara takes Lettie Mae's arm from around her and confronts her.) 
 Tara : You had no right to speak for that woman! She was more of a mother to me than you ever were. She took care of me. And she fed me. She put clothes on me. She called social services on you twice! You hated her guts! 
 Lettie Mae  (whispering): No. I didn't. 
 Tara : Yes you did. You used to call her a white devil bitch. 
 Lettie Mae : No, Tara. That wasn't me. That wasn't me that said those things. 
 Tara : Just 'cause you were too drunk to remember don't mean it never happened! 
 Lettie Mae : Please, baby. Just listen. All those terrible things I did to you? It wasn't me who did them. I have a demon inside o' me. 
 Tara : Whut? 
 Lettie Mae : A demon. Livin' and breathin' inside me, eatin' me up. 
 (Tara is silent for a second, then laughs out loud.) 
 Lettie Mae : Don't you laugh at the devil, Tara Mae! 'Cause he's as serious as cancer! 
 Tara : I'm sorry. I'm sorry, you have a demon inside you? Aw, <snip> me, that's too good! 
 (Tara resumes laughing.) 
 Lettie Mae : It ain't funny! You have no idea what I go through, wrestlin'...with this demon! 
 (Tara stops laughing.) 
 Lettie Mae : I try and do right. I try so hard... but it breaks me down. 
 (Tara looks away from Lettie Mae.) 
 Lettie Mae : It poisons everything. I want to be the momma you deserve. I can make up for everything. I can! It's not too late! But I can't do this alone. 
 Tara : You do what? 
 Lettie Mae : I gotta get it outta me. And it's very expensive. 
 (Tara stares at Lettie Mae.) 
 Tara : Then that's why you came to this woman's funeral? 'Cause you want money? 
 Lettie Mae : I had nowhere else to go. 
 (Tara starts to leave, but Lettie Mae grabs her.) 
 Lettie Mae : Tara! Tara, please! Don't walk away from me! I am still you momma. 
 (Tara gives Lettie Mae a hateful stare and pulls her arm away from Lettie Mae and walks away.) 
 Lettie Mae : I need you! 
 (Lettie Mae appears unsteady on her feet as Tara walks away.) 
 Lettie Mae : You're all I got! 
 (Lettie Mae begins to sob.) 
 SCENE 16 : Sookie is walking alone through the wooded sun-lit cemetery. Birds sing in the background. She comes upon a small grave marker on the ground. It is partly covered by ivy, and has a lengthwise crack. Sookie kneels in front of it, and brushes away some of the ivy. She rears back upon reading the inscription: WILLIAM THOMAS / COMPTON / BELOVED HUSBAND / ... BRAVE SOLDIER. 
 SCENE 17 : Jacket off, Jason seems sweaty as he leans against the iron filigree gate of the cemetery. Mourners say their good-byes to him. 
 Unknown male mourner #5  (off-camera): Everything OK? 
 Unknown male mourner #6  (patting Jason's hand): I'm so sorry. 
 (As mourners file past Jason, the sunlight seems to flash in Jason's eyes as it did the day before. Their voices intermingle and echo in his ears.) 
 Unknown male mourner #7 : I'm sorry for your loss. 
 (Andy Bellefleur approaches Jason and gets in his face, frowning.) 
 Andy Bellefleur : We're not done, Stackhouse. 
 (As Andy Bellefleur walks away, Jason breathes heavily and clutches his chest.) 
 Jason  (thinking to himself):  Oh, <snip>! 
 (Jason walks to his truck. He tosses the suit jacket into the truck through the open driver's-side window, and opens the door. He sits behind the steering wheel of the truck, closes the door, and grimaces in pain as he loosens his already-loosened tie and unbuttons another button of his shirt. His breathing is still heavy as he opens the glove compartment, takes out a plastic bag, and opens it. He takes out a small paper square stained with a red droplet, a dose of V. He starts to put it on his tongue, but hesitates. He throws the dose of V out of the truck onto the ground. He grabs hold of the steering wheel and pulls on it to sit up, wincing, and bucks in his seat.) 
 Jason : <snip>! <snip>! 
 (As Jason opens the door of the truck, the "key in ignition" buzzer sounds, and after Jason gets out of the truck, it shuts off as he slams the door closed. He begins looking for the dose of V on the ground.) 
 Jason  (thinking to himself, panicking):  <snip> ! 
 Seemingly failing in his mission to find the dose of V, Jason looks wild-eyed as he sits rigidly in his truck. 
 SCENE 18 : Sookie stands rigidly at Gran's grave-site as Gran's casket, with a spray of pink and purple flowers on its lid, is lowered into the ground. Sam walks up behind her to her right. 
 Sam : Hey. 
 (Sookie does not turn her head. Her eyes remain on Gran's casket.) 
 Sookie : Hey. 
 Sam : I was lookin' for ya. 
 Sookie : Well...you found me. 
 Sam : I liked your speech. What I heard of it, anyway. 
 (Sookie turns her head to Sam. He looks at her. She returns her attention to Gran's casket.) 
 Sam : I especially liked the part when you told the whole town to shut the <snip> up. 
 Sookie : Yeah. I'm a real crowd-pleaser. 
 (Gran's casket has been lowered about halfway down into the grave.) 
 Sam : I'll walk you home. 
 (Sookie looks at Sam, and he holds out his left arm for her. She looks at his arm for a moment, then takes it. They continue watching as Gran's casket is lowered for a short while, then turn and walk away. Sookie and Sam walk up to the front door of the Stackhouse home. Sookie's yellow car and another burgundy-colored car are parked to the side of the house. Sookie takes her keys from her handbag.) 
 Sam : Listen, how 'bout you take a bath, and I find us some stupid movie on TV. Somethin' with aliens. 
 (Sookie stares at Sam.) 
 Sam : Romantic comedy, then? 
 Sookie : Sam, not now. I just...I need to be alone. 
 (Sam looks down and nods, then looks at Sookie. Sookie opens the screen door and turns to Sam.) 
 Sookie : Thanks. 
 (Sookie turns from Sam, unlocks the door and enters the house, leaving Sam alone on the porch. Sam exhales deeply as the sound of the front door closing is heard. Sam walks along the dirt driveway away from the house as Tara walks up to him.) 
 Sam : She said she wants to be alone. 
 Tara : Well, I don't. 
 Sam : Me either. 
 (Sam and Tara look at one another silently.) 
 SCENE 19 : Sookie walks slowly into the kitchen of the Stackhouse home. The ticking of a clock is heard. The song "Take Me Home" by Lisbeth Scott plays for the duration of the scene. 
 "In the sweet light of the valley... 
 (Sookie opens the refrigerator door and takes out the pecan pie made by Gran.) 
 "...when the sun falls upon the pine... 
 (Sookie places the pie on the breakfast table and sits down.) 
 "...I shall lay down all of my troubles... 
 (Sookie removes the plastic wrap from the pie.) 
 "...and then lift up this heart of mine. 
 (Sookie picks up a fork.) 
 "Take me home, Lord. Oh, take me home... 
 (Sookie scoops a small bite of pie onto the fork.) 
 "...O'er the hillside and o'er the sea... 
 (Sookie eats the small bite of pie.) 
 "...to the soft grass of the valley/Where Your Grace shall set me free. 
 (Sookie seems to sob as she chews the piece of pie.) 
 "Through the shadows of the darkness/Through the storms that lead me astray... 
 (Sookie scoops a pecan onto the fork. Her sobbing becomes more noticeable.) 
 "...I shall travel forever knowing/In Your Light I will always stay. 
 So take me home, Lord. Oh, take me home... (Sookie scoops a third bite of pie onto the fork.) "...o'er the hillside and o'er the sea... (Sookie begins crying as she eats the third bite of pie.) "...To the soft grass of the valley/where Your Grace shall set me free." (Sookie scoops another bite of pie onto the fork.) SCENE 20 : Tara drives her red 1970s AMC Gremlin up to the office of a motel. Sam sits in the passenger seat. Roger, the manager of the motel, is sitting on a plastic pre-formed chair by a table on the front porch of the motel, eating a meal. A woman sits opposite him, and in the parking area, one child sits on a bike as another sits on a short stone wall next to her bike. Roger : ...won't ever give you enough of this <snip> damn chicken. (Tara gets out of her car and closes the door.) Roger : Hey. Tara : Hey, Roger. Child's voice  (off-camera): Lady, I want the legs. (Sam is now out of the car and has joined Tara as they walk up to the porch of the motel. A couple is heard arguing from one of the motel rooms they pass.) Unknown argumentative woman  (off-camera; shouting): Piece of <snip>! (The sound of glass breaking is heard coming from the couple's room, while strains of death metal seem to come from a different room.) Unknown argumentative woman  (off-camera; shouting): I'll <snip> kill you! Unknown argumentative man  (off-camera): [laughs] (Tara and Sam walk along the porch as Tara fishes the key from her purse.) Tara : Don't worry. She says that all the time. (Sam looks around, seemingly unsure of his surroundings. Tara opens the door to her motel room, and they enter. The arguing couple is still heard in the background, as well as the death metal as Sam closes the door and Tara places her purse next to a paper grocery sack on a small table just to the left of the door. There is a pale yellow floral-print love-seat positioned diagonally in a corner directly opposite from the door. The love-seat's right arm abuts a window with orange drapes, and by its left arm is a bed. Tara kicks off her shoes. Sam takes a look at the sparsely-furnished room, and Tara chuckles and smiles.) Tara : Come on, you gotta admit it has a certain charm! (Sam leans with his left shoulder up against the wall across from the bed.) Sam : You live here? Tara : Uh-huh. (Sam looks out though a window.) Tara : You want a beer? They're warm. (Tara walks to the paper grocery sack on the small table and reaches inside.) Sam : Uhn...sure. (Sam turns to face Tara as she him a bottle of beer. She also has one for herself. They twist off the bottle caps.) Sam : Is this really where you live? (Sam places the bottle up to his lips and drinks. Tara bounces slightly as she sits on the bed. She isn't smiling anymore. ) Tara : Yes, Sam. This is really where I live. You tryin' to make me feel bad? (Tara drinks from her bottle.) Sam : No, no! It's just that... I thought you were stayin' with Lafayette. Tara : I was. Didja know that he has a web-cam in his bathroom? No way I'm lettin' a bunch of perverts watch me pee. (Sam chuckles, then walks over to Tara and sits beside her on the bed.) Sam : You shoulda told me you needed somewhere to stay. Tara : Why? So you can ride up on your white horse and save me? (Sam rolls his eyes and turns his head away from Tara and back to her.) Sam : Why do you do that? Tara : Do what? Sam : Try and turn everything into a fight. And why is it so hard to just let someone be nice to you? Tara : I don't know, Sam. You think maybe I have bad self-esteem? Maybe it's the only way I know to express my real feelin's. (Tara drinks. Sam just looks at her, then stands up.) Sam : Listen. I should go. Tara : Would you relax? I was only teasin'! (Tara gets up to follow Sam, who is headed for the door.) Sam : Maybe I'm sick of bein' teased. Tara : Stay! (Sam opens the door, and Tara shuts it.) Tara : Please. Sam : What for? Tara : "Cause I want you to. (Sam turns to face Tara.) Sam : Well, I don't wanna play games. I don't want no strings. I just...I want somethin' real in my life. (Tara cradles Sam's cheeks with her hands.) Tara : And you think I don't? (Tara loosely hugs Sam's neck. They look into each other's eyes.) Sam : If we do this...we really did this. (Tara nods, and they kiss.) SCENE 21 : The kitchen of the Stackhouse home. The empty glass pie plate sits on the kitchen table with a fork resting in it. Sookie stands up and walks, stops, turns toward the table, and turns and walks away. Upstairs in her bedroom, Sookie looks at herself in her vanity mirror. She takes her hair down and changes into a white nightgown. She walks to her window and watches the sunset. Suddenly, Sookie runs out through the front door of the house and down the driveway. At his house, Bill opens the double front doors and looks from his porch. Sookie is running through the cemetery. Bill closes his eyes. Sookie continues running. Bill opens his eyes and looks up to his left. Sookie runs up Bill's front lawn and Bill runs to greet her. They embrace and kiss one another passionately. Bill picks up Sookie in his arms and walks back to his house. SCENE 22 : Tara's motel room, that same night. Tara, wearing a purple bra, falls back on her bed, and screams. Tara : Holy <snip>! (Tara smiles broadly as Sam, shirtless and smiling broadly, enters into view above her. Both are breathing heavily.) Sam : I'll take that as a compliment! Tara : I guess I really needed that. Sam : Me too. Let's do it again. (As Sam and Tara kiss, they notice the sound of a door opening in another room and the voices of the argumentative couple from earlier in the day.) Unknown argumentative woman  (off-camera): Come back. Unknown argumentative man  (off-camera): I had to, baby. I'm sorry. I love you. Unknown argumentative woman  (off-camera): I love you too. I need you. I need you so <snip> much. You're all I've got. (The sound of the arguing couple's door closing is heard.) Sam : I guess they made up. (Tara stops smiling.) Tara : Yeah. Sam : Yeah. (Sam kisses Tara's cheek, and Tara gets up out of bed.) Tara : Listen... I gotta go. Sam : Whoa. What? (Tara puts her dress on, not facing Sam, who is still in bed.) Sam : It's the middle of the night. Tara, what just happened? Did I do somethin'? Tara : It's not about you. (Tara zips up her dress, and turns to face Sam.) Tara : I'm sorry. (Tara bends down, picks up Sam's jeans, and tosses them to him.) Tara : I'll see you at work, OK? (Tara turns and leaves the motel room as Sam watches, confused.) SCENE 23 : Somewhere else that same evening, Randi Sue is naked, bouncing up and down. She seems to be enjoying herself. Randi Sue : This feels so good! Oh, God! I love you. I love you! (Randi Sue is revealed to be riding Jason, naked on his back, in his bed. Randi Sue is facing away from Jason, who appears to be in some sort of pain.) SCENE 24 : Sookie, still dressed in her white nightgown, is sitting with Bill on his parlor floor in front of his fireplace. She unbuttons his shirt. He places his left arm around her. They kiss. He removes her nightgown. They kiss again. She leans back as he approaches her. He kisses her neck. She touches his lips with her thumb. He kisses her thumb, then stops and grunts. He faces downward. Sookie : Is...is something wrong? (Bill raises his head with a sorrowful look on his face, revealing his fangs. Sookie reaches for him, and pulls him toward her, and they kiss.) SCENE 25 : Lettie Mae's house that same evening. The moon is full as Tara enters the living room. Lettie Mae is asleep on the sofa. Tara  (softly): Hi, Momma. (Lettie Mae opens her eyes.) Lettie Mae : I knew you'd come. (Lettie Mae reaches out to Tara, and Tara bends down to hug her.) SCENE 26 : Bill's house. Bill and Sookie are naked in front of the fire. Bill is kissing Sookie's neck. Sookie : Do it. (Bill's fangs are exposed as he looks in Sookie's eyes.) Sookie : I want you to. (Sookie bends her head back and to the right to expose the left part of her neck even more. She closes her eyes. Bill bites her neck.) Sookie : Ahhh! (Bill licks up the blood from Sookie's neck.) END 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 