Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x09 - I Will Rise Up - True Blood 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x09 - I Will Rise Up https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=49&t=7402 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/03/13 09:38 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x09 - I Will Rise Up 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Scene 1: Godric's Party - Luke, Jason, Sookie, Bill, Eric, Godric, Isabel, humans 
 Luke:  Stay away from me, Stackhouse. Got nothing to say to you. 
 Jason:  Man, what the hell you...? 
 Luke:  Just go. (He speaks loud) Excuse me, everyone. If I could have your attention please. 
 Outside the house: Bill and Lorena 
 Bill:  It doesn't matter if we ever meet again. You may be immortal, Lorena, but you are dead to me. 
 Lorena:  I wish you hadn't said that. 
 She leaves. 
 Back in the house: 
 Luke:  I have a message for you all from Reverend Steve Newlin. 
 He opens his jacket; there's a bomb and chains around him. He presses on the button. 
 Bill runs in the house. 
 Bill:  Sookie? Sookie? 
 Sookie is on the floor, Eric on her. 
 Sookie:  Bill. 
 Eric:  I've covered her, she's only stunned. Get the humans. 
 Two humans try to escape. They run through their car. 
 Man 1:  Get in, get in. Come on. Let's go. Go! Go. Come on. Get in. Come on. Go. Go. Go. 
 Bill appears and pushes the first human. 
 Man 2:  We didn't think he'd really do it. 
 Bill:  Too late. 
 Bill bites him. 
 Credit 
 In the house: 
 Isabel removes something from the leg of a man. 
 Isabel:  Ugh. 
 Sookie (to Eric):  I can't breathe, you weigh a ton. Jason? Jason? 
 Sookie pushes Eric away from her. Jason is alive. 
 Jason:  Yeah, okay. 
 Sookie (looking at Eric):  Uh-oh. 
 Eric:  Had to shield you. 
 Sookie:  Well, hurry and heal yourself, what are you waiting for. 
 Eric:  Can't. Silver. 
 Sookie:  I'll go get Godric. 
 Eric:  No time. Suck it out. 
 Sookie:  Eric, I can't, it's too gross and it's you. 
 Eric:  I... Dying... 
 Sookie:  Oh, son of a mother. (She removes a silver from his neck) Got it. 
 Eric:  The other one. 
 Sookie:  You're kidding me. Ugh. (She removes another one) 
 Man 2:  Oh, God, oh, God. 
 Bill:  You tell the cowards who lead you, the cowards who send children to do their killing, that a vampire showed mercy where they had none. 
 The man leaves. 
 In the house: 
 Jason:  Luke. 
 Godric:  Who's dead? 
 Isabel:  Stan, Paolo, Catherine, two human companions. 
 Someone:  Well, it looks like it wasn't a very good bomb. 
 Bill arrives and sees Sookie drinking from Eric. 
 Bill:  What are you doing? 
 Sookie:  I sucked silver out Eric's chest and saved his life, even though I really didn't want to. 
 Eric:  She was superb. 
 Bill:  Eric was in no danger. 
 Sookie:  He... what? 
 Eric:  A tiny falsehood. 
 Bill:  He was already healing. The bullets would have pushed themselves out. This way, he's forced you to drink his blood. 
 Sookie:  No. No, no. 
 Bill:  You're connected. He'll be able to sense your emotions. 
 Sookie (to Eric):  You big lying A-hole. 
 Eric:  Bill, you're right, I believe I can sense her emotions. Sweet. 
 Sookie:  I'll never do anything for you again. Monster. 
 Bill:  It's not your fault. 
 Eric:  I think I'm gonna cry. 
 Isabel (loud):  Everyone, please. 
 Jason:  Hey. Y'all listen up. 
 Godric:  They may come back. Go to the Hotel Carmilla, they've been alerted, security is in place. 
 Someone:  Help me. 
 They all begin to leave. 
 Someone:  Almost there... 
 Scene 2: Hotel Carmilla - Sookie, Bill 
 Sookie:  I could kick myself. I'm so stupid, I wasn't thinking. 
 Bill:  He did take bullets for you. At least we both came out alive. 
 Sookie:  I know better than to believe one word out of that man's mouth. I sucked his chest. What is wrong with me? 
 Bill:  Eric has had a thousand years practicing deceit. He lied to prove his power to me. He counted on your goodness, there's no shame in that. 
 Sookie:  But his blood, Bill. I tried to spit it all out, really, but some of it must have gone down. 
 Bill:  It only takes a drop or two. 
 Sookie:  He'll always know where I am and how I feel, always. That's the worst of all. 
 Bill:  No, not the worst. 
 Sookie:  What do you mean? 
 Bill:  Don't be surprised if you feel some attraction to him. Sexual. 
 Sookie:  To Eric? That's impossible, I I can't stand him. 
 Bill:  It is possible. It's another consequence of the blood. It would have happened sooner or later. He was determined to form this bond with you. 
 Sookie:  I could kill him. 
 Bill:  I concur. 
 Scene 3: Bill's house - Jessica, Hoyt 
 Jessica:  Maybe I'll get used to it. Or maybe there's an operation. I can't be the only vampire virgin. 
 Hoyt:  You know, intercourse isn't the only way to have s*x. 
 Jessica:  Hmm, but I want to have intercourse. 
 Hoyt:  Well, sure. We could do everything, when we figure out how. 
 Jessica:  You should break up with me. 
 Hoyt:  Hell, no. That thing that grows back, it's just a thing. I ain't perfect either. I'm a guy that people laugh at. Even my friends, but you never have. I don't ever wanna hear you talk about breaking up. 
 Jessica:  I won't, I promise. 
 Hoyt:  In fact, you mean so much to me, I want you to meet my mama. 
 Jessica:  You mean it? Oh, Hoyt. 
 Hoyt:  Yeah. 
 Jessica:  Hoyt, nobody ever wants me to meet anybody. 
 Hoyt:  No, don't get too excited. Look, she hates vampires and she's gonna as you all kind of personal questions or she may not talk to you at all, which then you'd be lucky. 
 Jessica:  Well, I don't care what she does. You're introducing me to your family, I never even hoped for that. 
 Hoyt:  I'm proud that you're my girl. Whoa. 
 Jessica:  Ohh, the sun's coming up. I guess it's time for that damn cubby hole. 
 Hoyt:  I'll go in with you. 
 Jessica:  No, please, its'... it's not very comfortable. 
 Hoyt:  I'll have to build us a tricked-out doublewide. 
 Jessica:  That is so romantic. 
 Hoyt:  But, ah, for now, I'll sit right here till you fall asleep. 
 Jessica:  You are the sweetest boy in the world. And you're too good to me. 
 Hoyt:  There ain't no such thing. 
 Jessica:  Good night. 
 Hoyt:  Good night. I'll sing to you so you know I'm... I'm right here. 
 She leaves in her hole. 
 Hoyt (singing):  My sweet vampire 
 Scene 4: Sookie's house - Tara, Eggs, Maryann 
 Maryann:  Oh, my goodness, how much did you drink this time? 
 Tara:  Nothing, as far as I recall. 
 Eggs:  same for me. 
 Maryann:  You must have dropped a little acid, it was floating around. Hippies. 
 Eggs:  That's not funny. 
 Tara:  It's embarrassing, is what it is. 
 Maryann:  I will never understand that. Why be embarrassed about pleasure and laughter? Why be ashamed of letting go? 
 Tara:  Because I've never been this out of control. 
 Maryann:  Ugh. Control. Control is just a cage this stupid culture uses to lock up who we really are. We need to be out of control. We crave it. 
 Tara:  But there's gotta be some kind of control or things would be chaos. 
 Maryann:  Sounds good. 
 Eggs:  I... I do like a little chaos. 
 Maryann:  Of course you do. Everybody does. They just can't admit it. 
 Tara:  I don't wanna be blacking out. 
 Maryann:  Is that what you think it is? Because I have a little theory about blacking out. Maybe you rose to a higher state of consciousness. 
 Tara:  We're all bashed up. There's nothing higher about that except for we must have been high. My mama blacked out for months at a time, I'm a blackout expert. 
 Maryann:  Are you? 
 Tara:  Certified. 
 Maryann:  What about the saints of India? What about the mystics of every religion? 
 Eggs:  What about them? 
 Maryann:  They would black out. Run and dance through the streets, levitate, act like monkeys, run around naked. Everybody thought they were crazy. 
 Tara:  They were crazy. 
 Maryann:  No, Tara. They were ecstatic. All that fake civilization bullshit just fell away so they could dissolve into the infinite, so they could lose themselves and unite with their god. 
 Tara:  Oh. 
 Maryann:  Look at you. A few bumps and bruises. That's a small price to pay for bliss. Bloody Mary, anyone? 
 Scene 5: The police station (in prison) - Sam, Mike Spencer, Bud, Jane Bodehouse 
 Mike:  Come on now, Bud. Cut us loose. 
 Jane:  All I did was loose my pants, there's no law against that. 
 Bud:  I only got your word for it I was mating with a pine tree. 
 Jane:  None of us did anything. Let us out of here. 
 Sam:  You got no evidence, Bud. You got no right to keep me locked up. 
 Scene 6: Hotel Carmilla - Sookie, Jason, Steve, Sarah, Nan Flanagan 
 Bill is sleeping. Sookie is in her bed. She goes to Jason's room. 
 Jason:  Oh. 
 Sookie:  I can't sleep. 
 Jason:  Join the club. (They are on the bed) Well, they made me think I was worth something. 
 Sookie:  You were a star in Bon Temps. I was the throwaway. Everybody always thought you hung the moon. 
 Jason:  No, that ain't true. Well, they like my athletics and my good looks, my s*x abilities, but they don't like me for me. And Steve and Sarah, well, they acted like they did, before they tried to kill me. They stopped my mind from going around and around thinking about... well, other stuff. 
 Sookie:  What other stuff? But Soldiers of the Sun? My Lord. Didn't you for one second think what Gran would say? Guns and suicide bombers... 
 Jason:  Don't... don't talk about Gran. I won't talk about her. I can't. 
 Sookie:  Why? 
 Jason:  Because I don't... because I don't wanna feel anything. 
 Sookie:  But we have to talk about her. We can't stop remembering her or loving her because it hurts too much. She'd never stop loving us, would she? 
 Jason:  No. 
 Sookie:  We'll keep her alive in our hearts and our prayers and that's the way it's gotta be. 
 Jason:  And Mama and Daddy. 
 Sookie:  That's right. Mama and Daddy and Gran. 
 Jason:  Our hole family's gone, Sook. Everybody who counts. We're all alone. We're all that's left. 
 Sookie:  So you know that we gotta do? We gotta grow up, we gotta stick together and we gotta be good to each other or we're letting them down. 
 Jason:  Yeah. Hey. So, Sook, I'm sorry about, ah, everything I ever done to you. I'm a dumbass fuck-up. 
 Sookie:  Yeah, but you wouldn't be if you used your brain instead if just letting it take up space in your skull. That's not dumb, that's lazy. 
 Jason:  You think so? Well, i... I could try, I guess. 
 Sookie:  I'm sorry too. I always live you, Jason, even when I wanna stick your head in a bucket and kick it around the yard. 
 Jason:  And I love you, even though I wish you'd cook for me more and you were normal with a normal boyfriend. 
 Sookie:  I didn't have any say about being normal. We were born the way we are. Huh. 
 Jason:  Ahh. I'm all wore out now. 
 Sookie:  Me too. 
 Sookie turns on the tv. There's an emission with Steve and Sarah 
 Steve:  May his holy light Shine upon you... 
 Jason:  Can you believe, they're on already. 
 Nan:  You kidnapped a prominent member of our community. 
 Sarah:  He volunteered. 
 Sookie:  Did he? 
 Jason:  I don't even know he was there. 
 Steve:  ... that's no crime. 
 Sarah:  He came to us. 
 Nan:  Because everybody wants to be burned at the stake. You use your texe-exempt religious institution as an anti-vampire terrorist enclave. 
 Steve:  The Constitution gives us the right to defend ourselves. 
 Nan:  You attacked us. 
 Steve:  You murdered my father. 
 Nan:  That's an allegation. This is a fact - you and your church armed a suicide bomber that killed vampires and humans. 
 Sarah:  We are fighting for God's green earth and daytime and Christmas and Easter eggs and all that's sacred and good. We are fighting for... 
 Steve:  Human rights. Human rights. 
 Sarah:  May I finish my thought? 
 Steve:  What, you were done. 
 Sarah:  If he's not the center of attention, he just flips out. 
 Sookie:  They are cuckoo. 
 Nan:  How can you have a dialogue with these people? 
 Steve:  You need to read some Saint Paul, missy. 
 Sarah:  I hate your hair. 
 Jason:  There's a witch and a son of a bitch. f*ck you, Newlins. 
 Sookie:  Yeah. 
 Scene 7: Merlotte's - Arlene, Clients, Lafayette, Terry, Eggs, Tara 
 Client 1:  Now can we see the freezer? 
 Arlene:  Why? 
 Client 1:  Where they found that woman with her heart cut out. 
 Arlene:  It was the walk-in refrigeretor and you are one sick buzzard. Go find some roadkill, because you ain't eating here. 
 Arlene takes the plates of the clients back. 
 Arlene:  Ah. What do you want? 
 Client 2:  A knife, a fork and a spoon, if that's not too much trouble. 
 Arlene:  They're in the back, go get them yourself. I could use some help out here. (She picks up the phone) Merlotte's, hurry up. Lisa, lunch is your job, you got a microwave, that's all you need. Oh, come on, Coby'll eat cat food if you put mayo on it. Mama's gotta work. (She hungs up. Lafayette arrives) Whoo, I'll tell you what, I am sh1t scared. Daphne, oh, my God. She was clumsy, stupid and mean, but I wouldn't wich that kind of death on a possum. Plus that poor soul out in the parking lot? 
 Lafayette:  Yeah. 
 Arlene:  What if there's a curse flying around out there? 
 Lafayette:  I'll look out for you if you look out for me. 
 Arlene:  When's it gonna stop? 
 Terry:  Order up. I think. 
 Arlene goes to take them. 
 Arlene:  Terry. Terry, please quit being so much more peculiar than you usually are. Please talk to me. I mean, if what we did was so terrible... 
 Terry:  No, no, Arlene, don't cry. I didn't mean to be peculiar at you. I just don't know what we did. 
 Arlene:  Well, we had s*x. Didn't we? 
 Terry:  Did we? 
 Arlene:  Y-You can't remember? 
 Terry:  Don't take this the wrong way but nope. 
 Arlene:  Oh. Oh, baby, me neither. I mean, not for sure. 
 Terry:  Is that good? 
 Arlene:  Oh, I don't know and I don't care as long as you're not mad at me. 
 Terry:  Well, to tell you the truth, I can't remember the last time I had s*x with anybody. 
 Arlene:  Oh. Gimme some sugar? 
 Client 3 shouting:  Where's my corn? Come on now, the wait's forever. 
 Arlene (To Terry):  Okay. See you later. 
 Client 3:  I want my damn corn. 
 Eggs and Tara come in the Merlotte's. 
 Eggs:  I got it. 
 Tara:  Oh. (To Lafayette) I know, I'm late. 
 Eggs:  Lafayette. 
 Tara (to Eggs):  Go ahead, order lunch on me. 
 Eggs:  All right, baby. 
 Lafayette comes through them and touches Tara's face. 
 Tara:  Stop. 
 Lafayette:  What the f*ck is this? 
 Tara:  He didn't do it. I don't know what happened. 
 Lafayette:  What you mean you don't know what the f*ck happened? Don't gimme that bullshit. What did you do to her? 
 Eggs:  Don't accuse me. I don't hurt women. 
 Tara:  It was an accident. 
 Lafayette:  You put your f*cking hands on my cousin? I'm gonna show you how it feels to get your ass beat. 
 Eggs:  You might take those eyelashes out first. 
 Tara:  Lafayette stop. 
 Lafayette:  You been kicked and punched your whole life then you go and het this m*therf*cker. He's poison. He ain't never gonna change. And he may wind up killing you. 
 Eggs:  f*ck that, you m*therf*cker... 
 Tara:  Enough. Stop. 
 Lafayette:  I ought to beat your... 
 Eggs:  Please do so. 
 Tara:  Let's go. 
 Eggs:  Do it! 
 Tara:  Eggs, enough! 
 Tara and Eggs leave. 
 Client 4:  Way to go, son. 
 Lafayette:  What the f*ck you all looking at, you ugly0ass necks. Huh? 
 Scene 8: The Fortenberry's house - Maxine, Hoyt 
 Maxine:  My Hoyt would never run off to Dallas without a word with murders all over the place. My Hoyt would never have left me worried sick thinking he was dead. Or worse. 
 Hoyt:  With a vampire. Go ahead, speak your mind. 
 Maxine:  See what I mean? All of a sudden, you're a different person. 
 Hoyt:  Well, I sure do wanna be. 
 Maxine:  What do you think your daddy would say? 
 Hoyt:  I don't have any idea, because the only time that you ever mention him is when you're trying to make me do something that I don't wanna do. So while we're at it, let's talk about that. 
 Maxine:  I want my sweet child back. I haven't done anything to deserve this. What are your doing with vampires anyway? They are wrong, wrong, wrong. They are devils. 
 Hoyt:  Why do you have so much hate in you? 
 Maxine:  I don't. 
 Hoyt:  That's a flat lie. 
 Maxine:  Who do you think you're talking to? 
 Hoyt:  My mama. Who hates Methodists. 
 Maxine:  I got my reasons. 
 Hoyt:  And Catholics. 
 Maxine:  Just priests and nuns. 
 Hoyt:  African-Americans. 
 Maxine:  Hush, that's a secret. 
 Hoyt:  People who don't tale care of their gardens. People who park their trucks up on their lawn. And ladies who wear red shoes. 
 Maxine:  It looks cheap. 
 Hoyt:  Families with lots of kids. And checkered curtains and cats and dogs, and bait, every girl that I ever liked. And the more that I like them, the more that you hate them. 
 Maxine:  I simply object to a girlfriend who will kill you and eat you. I think that's reasonable. 
 Hoyt:  You don't even know her. Full of hate. I see you now. 
 Maxine:  Well, it's not my fault, it's the way I was raised up. 
 Hoyt:  Jessica may be a vampire, but she is the one for me. And you don't have any say over that. 
 Maxine:  You are breaking my heart. 
 Hoyt:  You know, I've let your run me around because I didn't wanna hurt your feelings, but those days are over. Now, I want you to meet her, but if you can't be nice, then I will leave this house and never come back. And don't think that I won't. 
 Maxine:  Hoyt, please, you're my one son. 
 Hoyt:  I'm not yours, Mama, I'm mine. 
 Maxine:  You're my baby boy. 
 Hoyt:  I'm not a baby, I'm a grown-ass man. 
 He leaves the house. 
 Scene 9: Hotel Carmilla - Bill, Sookie, Eric, Lorena 
 Sookie and Bill are sleeping in their bed. Sookie turns. A hand caresses her arm. When she turns back, she sees Eric. 
 Eric:  Finish your sentence. 
 Sookie:  What was I saying? 
 Eric:  You were telling me why you'd be a terrible vampire and I was disagreeing. 
 Sookie:  Well, I don't feel right without a tan. It's true. And I'd rather be alive than undead and then y'all are always killing. 
 Eric:  You've killed a man. 
 Sookie:  But that was for self-defense, not for lunch. 
 Eric:  Oh, you'd adapt, like we all do. Trade the sun for moon and stars. 
 Sookie:  Uh-uh. Not me. I want them all. 
 Eric:  Oh, greedy. 
 Sookie:  Yeah, I am. 
 Eric:  I love it. You have the right temperament for a vampire. 
 Sookie:  What, I'm high-maintenance, bloodthirsty and old as dirt? 
 Eric:  Ah, bloodthirsty, yes. 
 Sookie:  I am not. 
 Eric:  Everybody thinks you're a darling, don't they. 
 Sookie:  I am a darling. 
 Eric:  Yeah, but you're ruthless when it comes to people you love. You'll do anything for them. Your brother, your friends. Me. 
 Lorena:  Bill. 
 Sookie:  Bill? Where is Bill? 
 Lorena is on a chair. 
 Lorena:  What do you care? You've already abandoned him. 
 Sookie:  I have not. I love Bill. 
 Eric:  I used to think you had no sense of humor. 
 Sookie:  I used to think you were made of cold hard stone, and empty inside. 
 Eric:  And now? 
 Sookie:  You're a big faker. You're deep. You feel. There's love in you. 
 Eric:  Only for Sookie. 
 They kiss. 
 Lorena:  You don't want Bill. He means nothing to you. 
 Sookie:  No. 
 Eric:  This is just the beginning. 
 Sookie:  Ahh. 
 Sookie wakes up; it was just a dream. 
 
 
 
 Scene 10: Police station - Maryann, Bud, People, Jane, Mike 
 Maryann is coming to the police station. A woman sees her. 
 Woman:  Hey, there she is. She's come to get us out. 
 Man:  That she is. 
 Maryann:  Hey. We had a good time, didn't we? 
 Woman:  Oh, yeah, we did. 
 Maryann:  Hello. Sheriff Dearborne? 
 In jail: 
 Bud:  None of y'all is going anywhere till you simmer down. Don't make me tell you again. 
 Maryann's voice:  Sherrif Bud Dearborne? 
 Mike:  Is that Maryann? Maryann! Hey, the party's back here. Sure is. 
 Bud:  Sit down and shut up. 
 Mike:  Come on, Bud. It sinks in here. 
 Jane:  Now, Bud, come on. 
 Mike:  Come on, Bud. 
 Bud is in the entrance with Maryann. 
 Bud:  There's coffee if you want. 
 Maryann:  Sheriff, you look exhausted. What's going on around here? 
 Bud:  Hell if I know. Seems every person in Bon Temps is getting arrested, but they don't know what they done. Kenya's out in the wagon collecting some more. We been up all night. 
 Maryann:  A major crime wave. 
 Bud:  Misdemeanors, crazy things I never say in over 40 years. 
 Maryann:  Ah, misdemeanors, that's not so bad. Maybe you could let a few of them go, save yourself the work.. 
 Bud:  I'm about ready to, but they're all riled up, might still do some damage. 
 Maryann:  Hmm. Let me help, I'll talk them down. It's my best thing. 
 Bud:  I'd be grateful, can't hardly keep my eyes open. Oh. Now, what can I do for you? 
 Maryann:  I heard Sam Merlotte is here, I couldn't believe it. A fine upstanding businessman. I have a lot of respect for him and I'd like to help him out. 
 Bud:  Well, I'm not prepared to let him go, he's a suspect in a homicide. 
 Maryann:  That can't be. 
 Bud:  But I'll show you where he's at. 
 Maryann:  I- I know the way. Sit. Have a little rest. There. 
 Maryann makes something on Bud and he has black eyes. 
 Maryann:  Oh, that went fast. Stay. 
 She takes the keys and goes in jail.  
 Jane:  Can we come over to your house and play? 
 Maryann:  I want Sam Merlotte. 
 Mike:  He's right there. 
 Sam's jail is empty. There's only his clothes. 
 Maryann:  Now I am really irritated. 
 She opens the other jail's doors. 
 Someone:  Free. 
 Scene 11: Merlotte's - Maxine, Hoyt, Jessica 
 Jessica:  I never thought you'd be so pretty, Ms. Fortenberry. And I can't tell you how grateful I am that you came. 
 Hoyt:  Even if you were 20 minutes late. 
 Maxine:  I couldn't decide what to wear. 
 Jessica:  Yeah, I know what that's like. Sure. You try this on, or try that on. You know, is it the black shoes or the red shoes or the... 
 Maxine:  Then there were people in the road. They wouldn't budge till I practically ran over them. I could have been killed. 
 Jessica:  Well, them, too, huh. 
 Hoyt:  Let's get you some dinner, Mama. 
 Maxine:  I'm not hungry. 
 Hoyt:  You want some more sweet tea? 
 Maxine:  I'm not thirsty. Hoyt is a very, very, very good boy. Mostly. 
 Jessica:  You don't need to tell me that. 
 Hoyt:  You're as good as I am. Better. 
 Jessica:  No. No, you are. 
 Hoyt:  Uh-uh. 
 Jessica:  You are. 
 Maxine:  I surely wish I could meet your people, see what your family's like. 
 Hoyt:  Mama. 
 Jessica:  Somebody made me a vampire against my will, Ms Fortenberry. I don't have a family anymore, except your wonderful son. 
 Maxine:  I'm sorry for you. That wasn't fair. But Hoyt has a bright future ahead of him. And by bright, I mean in the sun. if you think I'm gonna let him wander around all hours of the night for the rest of his life with an orphan vampire, you got another think coming. 
 Hoyt:  Oh. 
 Jessica:  I believe that's up to Hoyt. 
 Hoyt:  Y'all don't. 
 Maxine:  Well, I will fight for what's best for my boy. 
 Hoyt:  So will i. and I can give him everything that a human could. 
 Maxine:  Not hardly. 
 Jessica:  Like what? 
 Maxine:  Babies. 
 Hoyt:  Oh. 
 Jessica cries. She leaves. 
 Hoyt:  Jessica. (to his mom) Well, now you did it. You happy? 
 Maxine:  You'll thank me one day. 
 Hoyt:  Not today. 
 Maxine:  When are you coming home? 
 Hoyt:  Never. 
 Jessica and Hoyt leave. 
 Maxine:  I gonna need another one of these. 
 Scene 12: Sookie's house - Tara, Eggs, Maryann, Lafayette, Letti Mae 
 Tara : All right, let's do this motherfuck. Ha. You can't do that. 
 Eggs:  That's against the rules. Come on. 
 Maryann:  Hey, we play by my rules, that means no rules. 
 Tara:  Okay, then. 
 Maryann:  Uh-oh. Yes. Come in, it's open. Deal. Deal. 
 Eggs:  Deal what? Whatever. 
 Lafayette and Letti Mae come in. 
 Tara:  Well, lookie here. Aliens. 
 Maryann:  Oh, who's that? 
 Tara/Lafayette:  Lafayette. 
 Maryann:  Ooh, Lafayette. Ms. Thornton, welcome, join us. 
 Lafayette:  No, we good. 
 Letti Mae:  We're taking my daughter away from you. 
 Tara:  Is that right? 
 Lafayette:  Yeah, that's right. 
 Letti Mae:  Tara, listen to me this one time for your own good. 
 Maryann:  Don't be ridiculous, take a load off, we're in the middle of a game. 
 Eggs:  Yeah, strip poker. 
 Tara:  Strip poker. 
 Maryann:  Ms. Thornton, what's your drink? 
 Tara:  Vodka. Whiskey. Hairspray. Antifreeze. 
 Eggs:  Damn, 
 Lafayette:  What the f*ck is wrong with you Tara? Is you even in there? 
 Maryann:  All yours. Look, the bottle's sweating. Icy cold, thick, pours like oil. 
 Lafayette:  I don't know what you is, but I'm feeling you and you is a soulless bitch. 
 Maryann:  Ouch. That almost hurt. 
 Tara:  Oh. 
 Letti Mae:  I am clean and sober, as you well know. I'll never take nothing from you except my girl. 
 Lafayette:  Tara, let's go. 
 Tara:  f*ck off. 
 Eggs:  She's my girlfriend, why don't you talk to me? 
 Letti Mae:  Tara Mae. 
 Lafayette:  Because you ain't a boyfriend, you're a domestically violent sick m*therf*cker. Now, Tara, get up, I't playing. Let's go. 
 Eggs:  She's not going anywhere. 
 Lafayette:  Oh, she's not? 
 Letti Mae:  Please, I'm begging you, don't let them do you this like this. We'll keep you safe. 
 Tara has back eyes. 
 Tara:  Well, it would be the first f*cking time. 
 Letti Mae:  Your eyes. What'd you do to her? 
 Lafayette:  Jesus Christ. 
 Tara:  Throw a bible at me now. 
 Egg's eyes become black. 
 Letti Mae:  Stop, Tara! 
 Tara:  Pull my hair, scratch my face, break my head with a bottle. Hit me back. 
 Letti Mae:  I won't hit you back. Go ahead and kill me, I'll never strike you again. 
 Letti Mae and Tara are fighting and Lafayette and Eggs are too. 
 Tara (to Lafayette):  Leave him alone. 
 Lafayette caries Tara. 
 Eggs:  No. 
 Tara:  No. 
 Lafayette, Letti Mae and Tara are outside. 
 Letti Mae (t0 Lafayette):  Move, move. Hurry up. 
 Eggs:  Tara! 
 Maryann:  Don't bother. Go on, run, you fools. 
 Lafayette (to Letti Mae who's driving):  Go. Go. Go. 
 Maryann:  She'll come back and she'll bring them with her. Come on. 
 Scene 13: Hotel Carmilla - Nan, Godric, Eric, Bill, Sookie, Isabel 
 Nan:  Do you have any f*cking idea of the PR mess you've made? And who f*cking has to clean that sh1t up? Me. Not you, me. I should drain every one of you bastards. 
 Eric:  Stan went after the church on his own. None of us knew anything about it. 
 Nan:  Oh, really. Because everyone who met Stan in the last 300 years knew he had a kink about slaughtering humans. But you, his nest mates, his sheriff, had no clue. 
 Isabel:  And how were we supposed to know that this time he meant it? 
 Nan:  Not my problem. (to Godric) Yours. 
 Eric:  Don't talk to him that way. 
 Nan:  Don't talk to me that way. Let's get to the point. How did they manage to abduct you? 
 Godric:  They would have taken one of us sooner or later. I offered myself. 
 Nan:  Why? 
 Godric:  Why not? 
 Nan:  They wanted you to meet the sun and you were willing? 
 Godric:  What do you think? 
 Nan:  I think you're out of your mind. And then I hear about a traitor. 
 Godric:  Irrelevant. Only a rumor, I'll take full responsibility. 
 Nan:  You bet you will. 
 Eric:  You cold bitch. 
 Nan:  Listen, this is a national vampire disaster and nobody at the top has any sympathy for any of you. Sheriff, you f*cked up. You're fired. 
 Godric:  I agree. Of course, Isabel should take over. She had no part in my disgrace. 
 Isabel:  Godric, fight back. 
 Eric:  What are you saying? She's a bureaucrat, you don't have to take sh1t from her. 
 Nan:  You wanna lose your area, Viking? 
 Eric:  You don't have that kind of power. 
 Nan:  hey, I'm on TV. Try me. 
 Isabel:  I'm to blame. I should have contained Stan the second Godric went missing. 
 Godric:  Isabel. I remove myself from all positions of authority. 
 Nan:  Works for me. 
 Bill:  Sookie, Sookie. 
 Sookie:  I owe him. Ms Flanagan, Godric rescued me from a really large rapist who probably would've killed me too. 
 Nan:  That's nice. 
 Sookie:  No, listen... 
 Nan:  Moving on. 
 Sookie:  And then he rescued humans in that church plus a whole lot of vampires. You think it's a PR mess now, it could have been a hundred, a million times worse. You should thank him. 
 Nan:  For getting kidnapped? For attracting a suicide bomber? For piss-poor judgment? I think not. 
 Eric is up. Isabel stops him. 
 Isabel:  Don't. 
 Godric:  Eric, it doesn't matter. 
 Nan:  Tell me about the bombing, please. Every single detail. 
 Godric:  A boy walked in the lair. I thought he was someone's human companion. 
 Scene 14: Merlotte's - Maxine, Maryann, Arlene, Terry 
 Maxine:  I sacrificed everything for that child without a thought for myself. He doesn't notice. He doesn't care. He isn't grateful. He's running wild now, he's headed straight for hell. 
 Maryann comes in the bar. 
 Maryann:  The God Who Comes demands his sacrifice. Where is Sam Merlotte? 
 Arlene (her eyes are black):  he ain't been here all day. 
 Maryann:  Well, find him and bring him to me. 
 They all have black eyes. 
 Terry:  A while back he was planning to leave. 
 Maryann:  Bring him to me. 
 Scene 15: Andy's hotel room - Andy, Sam 
 TV:  ... watch him, grab him, oh, he almost got you, Mike. He almost got you. 
 I mean, come on. It's the 21st century. There's gotta be a way... crap. That is one nutty ostrich. 
 Hey, come on, Mike, come on, now, grab his hand... 
 Andy goes to open the door. It's Sam; he's naked. 
 Sam:  I heard you were here. 
 Scene 16: Hotel Carmilla - Nan, Godric, Eric, Bill, Sookie, Isabel 
 Nan:  What a f*cking fiasco. You're lucky I don't send you all to the Magister. Godric, come to my suite to fill out the forms. 
 Godric:  Soon. First I have something to say. I'm sorry. I apologize for all the harm I've caused, for all our lost ones, human and vampire. I will make amends, I swear it. 
 Nan:  Take it easy, it's just a few signatures. 
 Nan and two other vampires leave. 
 Eric:  No. 
 Godric:  Look in my heart. 
 Eric:  You have to listen to me. 
 Godric:  There's nothing to say. 
 Eric:  There is. 
 Godric:  On the roof. 
 Godric leaves. 
 Bill:  We have a score to settle. 
 Eric:  Not now. 
 Bill:  Yes, now. 
 Bill punches him. 
 Bill:  have I made my point? 
 Eric:  It's done. I'm part of her now. Get out of the way. 
 Eric leaves. 
 Sookie:  I'm going to find Godric. 
 Bill:  None of this has anything to do with us. Godric is not your concern. 
 Sookie:  If it weren't for him, I wouldn't be standing here. He's in pain, he's suffering. I gotta do something. 
 Bill:  Don't you think we've done enough for Dallas. 
 Sookie:  You of all people should understand how he feels. What if it were you, Bill? What if in 1800 years, you were Godric? 
 Bill:  All right, but I'm coming with you. 
 Sookie:  I wish you could, but it'll be dawn in a little while. 
 Bill:  If we don't stay long, I'll heal. 
 Sookie:  I will not let you take that chance. With Godric there, you don't have to worry about me. 
 Bill:  You are so tender-hearted, you feel obligated, I can see that. But, Sookie, in all honesty, what can you do for him? 
 Sookie:  I don't know. I just gotta be there. It doesn't make sense but you understand? 
 Bill:  I do. 
 On the roof: 
 Godric:  Two thousand years is enough. 
 Eric:  I can't accept this, it's insanity. 
 Godric:  Our existence is insanity. We don't belong here. 
 Eric:  But we are here. 
 Godric:  It's not right. We're not right. 
 Eric:  You thought me there is no right or wrong, only survival or death. 
 Godric:  I told a lie, as it turns out. 
 Eric:  I will keep you alive by force. 
 Godric:  Even if you could, why would you be so cruel? 
 Eric (in a foreign language):  Godric, don't do it. 
 Godric (in the same language):  There are centuries of faith and love between us. 
 Eric (in this language, crying):  Please. Please. Please. Godric. 
 Godric:  Father. Brother. Son. Let me go. 
 Eric:  I won't let you die alone. 
 Godric:  Yes, you will. As your Maker I command you. 
 Sookie (to Eric):  I'll stay with him. As long as it takes. 
 Eric leaves. 
 Godric:  It won't take long. Not at my age. 
 Sookie:  You know, it wasn't very smart. The Fellowship oh the Sun part. 
 Godric:  I know. I thought it might fix everything somehow. But I don't think like a vampire any more. Do you believe in God? 
 Sookie:  Yes. 
 Godric:  If you're right, how will he punish me? 
 Sookie:  God doesn't punish, God forgives. 
 Godric:  I don't deserve it. But I hope for it. 
 Sookie:  We all do. 
 Godric:  You'll care for him? Eric. 
 Sookie:  I'm not sure, you know how he is. 
 Godric:  I can take the blame for that too. 
 Sookie:  Maybe not. Eric's pretty much himself. Are you very afraid? 
 Godric:  No. No, I'm full of joy. 
 Sookie:  But the pain... 
 Godric:  I want to burn. 
 Sookie:  Well, I'm afraid for you. 
 Godric:  A human with me at the end, and human tears. Two thousand years, and I can still be surprised. In this, I see God. 
 Sookie:  Goodbye, Godric. 
 Godric burns. He's gone. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 