Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x08 - Timebomb - True Blood 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x08 - Timebomb https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=49&t=7401 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/03/13 09:38 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x08 - Timebomb 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Scene 1: FoS - Sookie, Gabe, Godric, Eric, Jason, Sarah, Steve, Brent, Kyle 
 Sookie, Gabe, Godric and Hugo are in the basement. Sookie is rebuttoning her dress while Godric is taking care of Gabe.  
 Gabe:  Godric, it's me! 
 Godric kills the man.  
 Godric [To Sookie]:  You should not have come. 
 They both hear screams.  
 Sookie:  Bill! 
 Godric:  No.[Closing his eyes] I'm here my child. Down here. 
 Eric appears.  
 Eric:  Godric. 
 He kneels down.  
 Godric:  You were a fool for sending humans after me. 
 Eric:  I had no other choice. These savages they... they seek to destroy you. 
 Godric:  I'm aware of what they've planned. [Pointing Hugo] This one betrayed you. 
 Sookie : He's with the fellowship. They set a trap for us. 
 Eric:  How long has it been since you've fed? 
 Godric:  I require very little blood anymore. 
 The alarms start.  
 Godric:  Save the human. [To Sookie] Go with him. 
 Eric:  I'm not leaving your side until you are... 
 Godric:  I can take care of myself. 
 Sookie:  Come on! We have to go. 
 Godric:  Spill no blood on the way out. Go! 
 Eric and Sookie leave the room.  
 Credits 
 Jason is lying on the ground and notices the red stain on his chest.  
 Jason:  I'm alive. 
 He stares at Sarah.  
 Jason:  Holy sh1t. God saved me. I'm safe. 
 Sarah Newlin:  Oh for Heaven's sake grow a brain cell! [Showing the gun] Paintballs! 
 Jason:  What... You crazy bitch! 
 Sarah Newlin:  I let you into my house, into my bed and into my heart. All I stood for, all I believed in, I violated to be with you! 
 Jason:  Okay. 
 Sarah Newlin:  I gave you everything for a lie. You're worse than Judas. 
 Jason:  Why, what did he do to you? 
 Sarah Newlin:  Ugh. f*ck you! [shoots him again, in the groin] 
 Jason:  OOHH OHHH SWEET JESUS. OK, I'm sorry OK? Just, tell me what you want me to say, don't shoot me again... 
 Sarah Newlin:  You came to prey on me; to ruin the sacred vow I made to my husband then like a coward you ran! 
 Jason:  No, I didn't... Okay, I ran. But it wasn't from you. It was from your husband and his crazy weapon collection. Why'd you have to go and tell him? 
 Sarah Newlin:  Tell him? I didn't tell him anything. He's the one who told me! 
 Jason:  [standing] Wait, wait, wait, wait. Told you what? 
 Sarah Newlin:  There are wolves in our hen house. We must defend our flock. 
 Jason:  [confused] What's that got to do with- 
 Sarah Newlin:  We have your sister! 
 Jason:  Sookie's in the church? 
 Sarah Newlin:  She came in yesterday, spouting the same lies you told! 
 Jason:  Now you listen to me. She's got nothing to do with this. 
 Sarah Newlin:  You Stackhouses... you're nothing but a bunch of heartless, two-faced vampire fuckers! 
 Jason:  [grabbing the paint gun and pushing her down] Don't you ever talk about my sister like that! If I find out any of you so much has touched her, I'm gonna come back here...and it won't be with no f*ckin' PAINT GUN! 
 Jason takes the car and leaves.  
 Back to the FoS Church, people are running away.  
 Steve one Loudspeaker:  Brothers and sisters, we are on lockdown. Women with children, please take them to our classroom buildings. Men, and able-bodied women, security personnel will provide you with stakes and silver just outside the chapel. Our Soldiers of the Sun are on their way to protect our church, but safely evacuate the building now. Brothers and sisters, the hour is upon us! 
 Eric and Sookie are watching them getting out of the church.  
 Eric:  I could have you out in seconds. 
 Sookie:  There are kids out there. 
 Eric:  All those humans wouldn't think twice about hurting us. 
 Sookie:  Why didn't you bring Bill with you? 
 Eric:  His attachment to you is irrational. It clouds his judgment. He would kill every child in this church to save you. 
 Sookie:  Why aren't you? 
 Eric:  I'm following Godric's orders and getting you out, that's all. 
 Sookie:  He's your maker isn't he? 
 Eric:  Don't use words you don't understand. 
 Sookie:  You have a lot of love for him. 
 Eric:  Don't use word I don't understand... 
 Eric looks furtively at the entrance door. 
 Kyle:  Let's lock it up! Keep quiet! Alright lock it up, nobody comes through here... 
 Eric walks out toward the members of the fellowship.  
 Sookie:  Eric, no! 
 He turns back and leans down to Sookie.  
 Eric:  Trust me. 
 He walks toward out the entrance door.  
 Kyle:  Is it locked? Did you check on... did you... 
 Eric:  [Taking a cheerful happy-go-lucky voice] Oh Hey y'all! How's it going? Steve sent me over there to man the exit here. Think I can take it from here. 
 Kyle:  By yourself? 
 Eric:  Ha... Yeah! 
 Kyle:  You're big and all but there's a vampire on the loose. 
 Eric:  Oooh... 
 Brent:  Where's your stake? 
 Eric:  Oh [laughing] Dang! I forgot! 
 Kyle gives Eric a suspicious look.  
 Eric:  Maybe I could borrow yours if... if that's okay. 
 Another guy looks at him suspiciously.  
 Brent:  I can't do that... Get your own. 
 Eric:[ Back to his usual voice] I'd very much like to borrow your stake. 
 Brent:  Yeah, yeah that'd be okay I guess. 
 Brent hands Eric the stake while Kyle is about to stake Eric.  
 Sookie:  STAKE! 
 Eric turns and punches Kyle and Brent down. As Rich goes to stake him, Eric grabs him by the throat and points the stake to Rich's neck, Sookie rushes over.  
 Sookie:  Eric! You don't have to kill him. 
 He lets go of Rich.  
 Eric:[ Opening the door] Come on! 
 People are rushing over.  
 Rich:  Those arrows are wood. You'll never make it through. 
 Sookie:  Eric, through the sanctuary. 
 They enter the sanctuary.  
 Eric:  Where's the exit? 
 Sookie:  Back that way. 
 Steve:  There are several exits, actually. For you, the easiest one takes you straight to hell. 
 Members of the FotS enter the room.  
 Sookie:  Let us leave. [To the members] Save yourselves. No one has to die. 
 Steven:  The war has begun you evil whore of Satan. You vampires cast the first stone by killing my family. The lines have been drawn. You're either with us, or against us. We are prepared for Armageddon. 
 Sookie:  The vampire you're holding prisoner got away. He's a sheriff. He's bound to send for help. 
 Steve:  I'm not concerned with Godric. Any vampire would do for our grand celebration, and we got one right here. 
 He points to Eric. Sookie looks at Eric, and he looks her back.  
 Eric:  I'll be fine. 
 He walks toward the altar.  
 Steve:  Brothers and sisters, there will be a holy bonfire at dawn [laughing]. 
 Scene 2: Hotel Carmilla - Bill, Barry, Lorena ,  Hoyt, Jessica 
 In Bill's room: 
 Lorena:  [Pushing Barry against the door] Look dear, room service sent a gift for us. 
 Barry:  No. No I don't do any... 
 Lorena takes Barry by his throat.  
 Lorena:  Aaah... Heart's pounding. It's so much tastier. How considered of you. 
 Bill suddenly turns his head.  
 Bill:  Sookie! 
 Lorena:  [Looking annoyed] That bothersome human. Just like an alarm o'clock you can't switch off. Bla bla bla bla... and ten minutes later bla. [Softly touching Barry's throat] I give you first bite. 
 Bill:  I am NOT hungry. 
 Lorena:  Oh! Come now. As I recall, you appetite was always... insatiable. This human attitude for your girlfriend is charming and all but we both know better. [Turning to Barry] Don't we? 
 Barry:  Please... I don't wanna die. 
 Bill:  [Angry] Let him go! 
 Lorena:  [Laughing] I will... soon. 
 Barry:  No! 
 Lorena gets her fangs out and bites Barry, who's screaming.  
 Bill's looking away. She ends the biting part, looking oddly at Barry's throat.  
 Lorena:  This one's different. I've never tasted... [Holding Barry's chin] What are you? [Sound of something being torn] 
 Lorena turns to see Bill throwing a TV in her face. She lands on the floor. Bill smashes her head with the TV and throws it away. He takes Barry with him and they leave the room.  
 In Hoyt and Jessica's room.  
 Hoyt and Jess are still making love.  
 Hoyt:  ...okay? Are you okay? I'm not hurting you? 
 Jessica:  No... Not anymore... Goodness shut up. Keep going. 
 Bill suddenly enters the room.  
 Jessica screams while Bill is embarrassed and looks away.  
 Hoyt:  I... I don't know what you heard but... those were screams of pleasure. [To Jessica] Right? 
 Jessica:  [Hiding her face with her hands] Oh my god... 
 Bill:  If you truly care for her, you will take her to your car this very moment and drive her back to Bon Temps before the sun comes up. 
 Hoyt:  Now? 
 Bill:  Now! 
 Bill leaves.  
 Scene 3: Merlotte's - Lafayette, Tara, Eggs 
 Lafayette:  [Putting down a tarot card] Lovers... Oh sh1t hooker... 
 Tara:  What? Isn't the Lovers good? 
 Lafayette:  Not for you. In this position it calls for a sacrifice in matters of the heart. You're going to have to make a choice. 
 Tara:  But it might turn out well, right? 
 Lafayette:  You wanna see your future? 
 A door is being opened, Lafayette is about to turn the card.  
 Eggs:  Tara, help me. 
 The card is the Justice. Lafayette looks at Tara and then at Eggs.  
 Eggs:  I need to, talk, to you. 
 Tara:  Huh... y-yeah, sure. 
 Lafayette picks up his cards.  
 Lafayette:  I'm gonna go and clean a grill or some... [Leaving the table]. 
 Tara:  [While Eggs is sitting where Lafayette was a moment ago] Say something, you're freaking me out. 
 Eggs:  What time is it? 
 Tara:  What... 
 Eggs:  What TIME is it? 
 Tara:  It's... ten past twelve. We just closed, why? 
 Eggs:  Look...It happened again, I've lost the last couple of hours. 
 Tara:  Are you sure? 
 Eggs:  Yeah. 
 Tara:  You don't remember anything? 
 Eggs:  I mean, after I left you, I got in my car and, baby, next thing I know I'm over... past Parish Road and I'm over by the lake. And I wake up on the ground. It's freezing cold. And I don't even know how I got there. Tara, what the hell is wrong with me? 
 Tara:  It's okay. It's okay. I'm here. Lafayette, you okay to close up? 
 Lafayette:  Yeah... yeah y'all go on ahead. 
 Tara:  Come on, let's get you home. 
 Tara and Eggs leave the Merlotte's.  
 Scene 4: FotS - Jason, a guy 
 Jason is coming back to the camp.  
 Guy:  Hey hey, who are you? 
 Jason:  It's okay. I'm with the fellowship. You gotta let me in. 
 Guy:  Sorry bro, we're in lockdown. There's a vamper inside. 
 Jason:  Yeah. That's why they sent for me. I'm a cadet with the light of day institute. Came strapped. [Pointing his ring] Honesty. 
 Guy:  Dude, Honesty. Come on! 
 Jason:  Let's move. 
 They enter the church.  
 Guy:  Now, we got the vamper surrounded. He's got some having fangbanger chick with him. I'm gonna take you to Steve. 
 Jason:  No. I go it. 
 Guy:  No he needs you to... hey... Is that a paintball gun? 
 Jason:  Uh oh... [Punching the guy with the paintball gun]. Yeah. It is. 
 Scene 5: Merlotte's- Sam, officer, lady on the phone 
 Back to Bon Temps.  
 Sam is sleeping in his car until the ringing of the phone. The phone call comes from the Merlotte's.  
 Sam:  Who is this? [The other person hangs up]. 
 Sam opens the door of the Merlotte's.  
 Sam:  Hello? 
 He notices the light in the storeroom. He takes a look and finds Daphne lying against the wall, a bloody hole at the place where her heart should be.  
 Sam:  Oh! Jesus Christ! 
 He gets out and looks for garbage's bags; he puts it on the bottom of Daphne's body and gets out. He calls for the police.  
 Lady on the phone:  Renard Parish sheriff's department. What's your emergency? 
 Right after hearing a voice he sees the blue lights of the police's cars.  
 Officer:  Sherrif's department. Anyone in there? 
 Lady on the phone:  Is anyone there? This is the sherrif's department. May I help you? [Sam looks around, panicked]. Hello? 
 Scene 6: Sookie's House - Maryann 
 Maryann is singing while cooking. She starts cutting a heart and adds the pieces in the frying pan.  
 Scene 7: FotS - Eric, Steve, Bill, Sookie, Jason, Stan, Godric 
 Eric is groaning in pain, strapped to the altar with silver.  
 Steve:  You see? Justice as our Lord our Savior was betrayed for 30 pieces of silver, a few ounces of silver can betray a child of Satan to the world! 
 Sookie:  That doesn't make any sense. How can you people listen to him? 
 Eric:  I... I offer myself in exchange for Godric's freedom. And the girl's as well. 
 Steve:  That's noble. But she's just as culpable as you are. She's a traitor to her race. The human race. She hardly deserves our mercy. [To Eric] Maybe we should tie her to you so you can meet the sun together. [Walking toward Sookie] Hope this marshmallow will roast up nicely. 
 Everyone turns around when hearing the doors being opened.  
 Bill:  Sookie! 
 She smiles while Bill's rushing over.  
 Steve:  [Pointing a gun against Sookie] One more step, vampire, and the girl dies. 
 Bill:  If you shoot her, everybody here will die! Let her go now. 
 Steve:  [To Sookie, annoyed] Honestly, what do they see in you? [To the FotS members] Soldiers, some silver chains for our friend here. 
 Sookie:  Don't, he's done nothing to you. 
 Bill:  Sookie, I'll be fine. 
 Jason:  NEWLIN! 
 He shots Steve's hand, the gun falls down.  
 Jason:  Let her go, fuckwad. 
 Jason who shots in Steve's head. (Green shot)  
 Steve:  AH... AOUH! 
 Bill rushes and kicks down the guys holding Sookie. Meanwhile Jason is being assaulted by 2 members of the FotS.  
 Steve:  Son of a bitch! [Still groaning in pain] 
 Sookie goes to Eric, to help him.  
 Bill:  Sookie! 
 She takes off the silver chains.  
 Sookie:  Let's go! 
 Eric goes straight away to Steve, takes him by the throat and pushes him down.  
 Sookie:  Do not kill him! 
 Jason:  KILL HIM! Kill the m*therf*cker! 
 Steve:  Go ahead. Murder us. Murder us before God. We are willing to die. 
 All the members look at him, shocked.  
 A bunch of vampires enter the room.  
 Stan:  Steve Newlin! You have pushed us too far. You expect us to sit on our thumbs while you round up your men to come lynch us? We'll kill you first. Same way we did your father. 
 Sookie:  Oh God no... 
 Steve:  [Screaming out of anger] Murderer! 
 Stan:  Destroy them. All of them. 
 Stan gets his fangs out and all the vampires zoom through the room ready to kill.  
 Sookie:  Bill, Eric stop them! 
 Bill:  We have to go now! 
 Godric:  Enough! 
 Everyone stops.  
 Godric:  [Standing in the hall] You came for me I assume. Underling. 
 Stan:  Yes sheriff. 
 Godric:  These people have not harmed me. You see ? We can coexist. Mr. Newlin, I do not wish to create bloodshed when none is called for. Help me set an example. If we leave you in peace, will you do the same? 
 Steve:  I will not negotiate with subhumans! Kill me. 
 Woman:  No! 
 Steve:  Do it. Jesus will protect me. 
 Godric:  I am actually older than your Jesus. I wish I could have known him, but I missed it. [To the FotS Members] Good people, who of you is willing to die for this man's madness? [The room remains silent] That's what I thought. Stand down, everyone. People, go home. It's over now. 
 Sookie:  Oh thank god, Bill. 
 Bill:  It's all right, you're safe now. You're safe. 
 Steve:  Please don't leave me. 
 Godric:  [To Steve] I daresay my faith in humankind is stronger than yours. Come. 
 Stan:  Sir. After what these humans have done to you. Has it. Come. 
 Eric:  [To Sookie] Are you sure you're okay? 
 Bill:  [Angry] She's fine! Go with your maker. 
 Jason:  Sookie... Sook... come here [Holding her]. Ah I'm so sorry. Can you please forgive me? 
 Sookie:  What were you doing with those people? Are you out of your mind? 
 Jason:  Yeah I was. Just [Looking at Steve] that son of a bitch, it's like he sucked out my brain and planted all his own babies in there. 
 Steve:  You know nothing. On the final day of reckoning, we'll see who goes to Heaven, and who goes to Hell. 
 Jason:  [Smiling, almost laughing] I reckon I've already been to Heaven. It was inside your wife. [Punches Steve]. 
 Bill goes to Jason.  
 Sookie:  Jason, come on! 
 Bill pushes Jason away from Steve.  
 Sookie:  Come on! 
 Jason:  Take your ring! Honesty my ass, shityhead. White suit motherfu... Go home preaching ... 
 They leave.  
 Scene 8: Merlotte's - Bud, Sam, Kenya, Andy 
 Bud:  Come on Sam, we can't tell you that. That's why it's called an anonymous tip. We can't tell you who phoned it in. 
 Sam:  They wanted you to find me! Why would I keep a body in my own refrigerator? It... It was a woman's voice? 
 Bud:  Sam! 
 Kenya:  There's a rumor saying you were having a relationship with the deceased, is that true? 
 Sam:  Yeah. 
 Kenya:  And you don't seem too beat up about it. 
 Sam:  I guess we kind of broke up. 
 Kenya:  Were you angry? 
 Bud:  That must leave some hurt feelings. 
 Sam:  Listen, y'all have to trust me. This is bigger and crazier than you can even imagine. 
 Kenya:  I'll say... This is the second time in 2 weeks a woman's been found in your bar with her heart missing. 
 Bud:  And the third time a waitresses of yours has ended up dead. 
 Sam:  Oh Come on! That was Rene Lenier! You can't use that against me! Come on Bud, Kenya, listen to yourselves. You know me. 
 Bud:  I'm not sure we do. You got no birth records, no social security number; we can't even find where you went to High School. 
 Sam:  It's hard to explain. 
 Bud:  Save it son. Nothing about your past ever checks out. Won't you just tell us what happened tonight? 
 Andy:  What the... Oh oh! Hold up, Bud. You don't think it's Sam, do you? 
 Kenya:  Let me get him. 
 Bud:  Hold on Kenya. [To Andy] You're on suspension. How did you hear about this? 
 Andy:  Still got my radio. I'm not here as a cop okay, I'm a witness. You have the wrong guy. 
 Bud:  What? 
 Andy:  Sam's not the one you want, he's the victim. I saw him nearly get killed last night. 
 Bud:  By who? 
 Andy:  The bull! 
 Kenya:  The what? 
 Bud:  Oh, Andy. He thinks he saw some kind of bull. 
 Andy:  With claws. A bull... in a dress... with claws [Mimicking the claws]. 
 Bud:  Ok Andy. You're babbling again... 
 Kenya:  I could shut him up. 
 Andy:  And your vic, the victim down there, she's part of this whole group of crazy people who was trying to get him [Pointing Sam]. I tried to fight them all but... [Showing his arm] War wound. I'm corroborating here, Sam. Tell them, help me. 
 Sam:  If I told you that's what happened, would you believe me? 
 Kenya and Bud looks at Andy.  
 Andy:  Oh, sh1t! 
 
 
 
 Scene 9: Sookie's house - Tara, Eggs, Maryann 
 Tara:  [To Eggs] But you're not the only one. I blacked out last night, Arlene blacked out. Maybe there's some kind of gas leak or something. 
 Eggs:  But what about Andy Bellefleur. He... he said he saw all of us. 
 Tara:  Andy is the only one we know that is out of his mind. 
 Eggs:  Tara, I had this sick feeling I did some real bad. 
 Maryann:  Knock knock. Hope I'm not interrupting. 
 Eggs:  No, just trying to piece together everything we've been doing in the past couple of days. 
 Maryann:  Hum... sounds like somebody's been enjoying himself a bit too much. Tell you what! Why don't ease up on the parties, for a little while? Take it easy. Hey! Snack's ready. 
 They go to the kitchen.  
 Maryann:  Ho ho... Hope you're hungry. 
 Tara:  Oh my god! That looks amazing, what is it? 
 Maryann:  Hunter's soufflé. 
 Eggs:  I didn't know hunters make soufflés. 
 Maryann:  Most don't. Dig in. 
 Tara digs in the soufflé which "red sauce" is flowing over. Eggs gives Tara a bite.  
 Tara:  Wow yeah! What is in that? Is that the rabbit you caught? 
 Maryann:  [Smiling] Among other things. 
 Tara licks her hand.  
 Tara:  [To Eggs] You have got to try this. 
 Eggs:  Hmm. Oh my god. 
 Maryann laughs. Tara and Eggs keep eating.  
 Scene 10: At Godric's Party - Stan, Jason, a woman, Godric, Eric, Bill, Sookie 
 Woman:  [To Godric] Thank you sir. 
 Stan:  Welcome home sheriff. We are all very relieved. [Godric nods] 
 Jason:  I just want to say I'm real sorryfort what the fellowship put you through. 
 Godric:  You helped save many lives today, Mr. Stackhouse. Please know you have friends in this area whenever you visit. 
 Jason:  Thanks man but I don't know if I'll be wanting to come back any time soon. 
 Jason leaves and meets Eric.  
 Eric:  Hail the conquering hero. 
 Jason:  Oh no. I'm no hero. 
 Eric:  Well you are in this town. But in my area, we know you well as a buyer and user of vampire blood. And that's a very grave offense. 
 Jason:  Yeah, listen, I don't do that anymore. 
 Eric:  All things considered however, we'll call it even. But you won't be doing it again. 
 Jason:  Yes... no, no... got it! 
 Eric:  Good boy. Run along. 
 Jason leaves... Eric smiles.  
 Sookie:  [To Isabel] Thanks this is great. [To Bill] You've avoided being alone with me all night. 
 Bill:  Nonsense. With all this commotion there's hardly been time... 
 Sookie:  Bill. I was in that basement for 2 days, you don't even wanna know what almost happened to me down there. Where were you? 
 Bill:  Sookie it's... 
 Sookie:  "It's complicated" is not an answer. Every time I've need you, you've... always come running even in broad daylight. What kept you? 
 Bill:  hum... I was held. 
 Sookie:  Held? Like kidnapped? By who? By Eric? 
 Eric:  Hmmm heard my name... I hope you were speaking well of me. 
 Sookie:  Why should I? You let me walk into a trap. 
 Eric:  I regret that. If I had known it was possible... 
 Sookie:  You did know. But because it was Godric, you'd risk anything. 
 Eric:  The bond between a vampire and his maker is stronger than you can imagine. Perhaps one day you'll find out. 
 Bill glares at Eric. Sookie looks at Bill, then Eric, and the last one looks at Bill while smiling.  
 Scene 11: Compton House - Hoyt, Jessica 
 Jessica and Hoyt enter the house, kissing deeply.  
 Hoyt:  [Laughing] Wow wow wow... 
 Jessica:  [Laughing] What's the matter? What, you don't love me anymore? 
 Hoyt:  I just don't think... Bill might not like us doing this stuff in his house. 
 Jessica:  He'll never know. Come on, you drove so fast, I know you want to again. Besides, we got two hours before dawn. I can't believe I waited so long. We are gonna do it every single night whether you want to or not. You still want to, don't you? 
 Hoyt:  Well, sure, yeah. It's just that Sookie and Bill might come in any minute. 
 Jessica:  We got the house to ourselves. I promise. I've never wanted anything so bad in my life. Make love to me again. Please. Do me. Now. (They begin to make love) Wait, stop, stop. 
 Hoyt:  Sorry. What happened? 
 Jessica:  I don't know. It just... I mean, it's felt like... 
 Hoyt:  Is that blood again? 
 Jessica:  Oh, my God. No, no, no, no, no. 
 Hoyt:  What, Jessica, what? 
 Jessica:  It grew back. 
 Hoyt:  It? What? 
 Jessica:  My... it f*cking grew back. I should have known. I mean, everything heals when you're a goddamn vampire. 
 Hoyt:  Okay, come on. Come on. It's gonna be beautiful. Every time will be like our first time. 
 Jessica:  It'll hurt like hell. I'm a f*cking deformity of nature. I'm gonna be a virgin forever. 
 Scene 12: At Godric's party - Godric, Eric, Sookie, Bill, Isabel, Hugo, Jason, Stan 
 Eric (to Bill):  I don't like being touched. 
 Bill:  Believe me, I do not like touching you. Your contact with Sookie will cease from this moment. 
 Eric:  That's hardly your decision. 
 Bill:  Calling in my maker because you couldn't win Sookie for yourself is feeble and desperate even for you. 
 Eric:  Are you picking a fight? I'd like to see you try. 
 Bill:  She will never be yours. And there is nothing you can do. In this you are powerless. Accept it. 
 Isabel comes in with Hugo. She brings him to Godric. 
 Isabel:  This is the one who betrayed us. 
 Godric:  Hugo. He's your human, is he not? 
 Isabel:  Yes, he is. 
 Godric:  Do you love him? 
 Isabel:  I... I thought I did. 
 Godric:  It appears you love him still. 
 Isabel:  I do. I'm sorry. But you are my sheriff. Do with him as you please. 
 Godric:  You are free to go. 
 Stan:  What? 
 Godric:  The human is free to go. And do not return. I fear it is not safe for you here. 
 Stan:  This is a travesty. 
 Godric:  This is my verdict. Eric, escort them out. Make sure he leaves unharmed. 
 Eric:  Yes Godric. 
 Isabel:  Thank you. Thank you, sheriff. 
 Sookie:  What was that about? 
 Bill:  Godric is sheriff and he has the authority to... 
 Sookie:  I mean, with Eric. Why are you talking to him if he kidnapped you? 
 Bill:  It wasn't Eric. 
 Sookie:  Then who was it? 
 Jason:  Mister Compton. Hey Sook. Is there some place we can talk in private? 
 Sookie:  Jason, this really isn't the time... 
 Jason:  Look, if I don't say this now, I never will. Look, please, it'll only take a minute. 
 Bill:  Let's go out back. 
 Jason:  Thanks. 
 Scene 13: In Jail - Bud, Kenya, Sam, Jane, Mike 
 Sam:  I know everyone says it but I'm really not the guy you want. 
 Bud:  If it's like you said, that there's something out there that's fixing to get you, then jail's just about the safest place to spend the night. Now, come on. 
 Jane:  Hey, Sam. Join the party. 
 Sam:  What the f...? 
 Jane:  I'd come down and give you a hug, but I lost my pants. 
 Kenya:  Yeah, it's been a hell of a night. Must be a full moon. 
 Sam:  Pretty sure it's not. Mike? What'd they arrest you for? 
 Mike:  Sodomy. 
 Sam:  What? 
 Mike:  Yea, they say I... I sodomized a pine tree. 
 Sam:  What'd you do that for? 
 Mike:  I don't know. Must have blacked out, but it's true. My pecker's got all kinds of scratches on. 
 Jane:  Don't worry, Mikey. It'll heal. 
 Mike:  What are you in for? Worse than me? 
 Bud:  Leave him alone, Mike. 
 Mike:  Sam? 
 Scene 14: Godric's party - Bill, Jason, Eric, Godric 
 Bill:  What is it? 
 Jason:  I need you to forgive me. 
 Bill:  What? 
 Jason:  You love my sister, and... there ain't no reason why you shouldn't be able to. All this time, I let my own stupid ignorance stand in the way. 
 Bill:  Thank you. But I am also in your debt for helping rescue Sookie. 
 Jason:  After all I did to f*ck everything up, that's the least I can do. I'm just sorry it took me so long to wake up to it. 
 Bill:  Well, you did. Just in time. 
 Jason hugs Bill. 
 Jason:  Well, was that okay for you? 
 Bill:  It was fine. 
 In the house: 
 Eric:  Hugo's been dispatched. I told him not t stop driving until he reaches the Mexican border. I've arranged for and AB-negative human for you. Extremely rare. 
 Godric:  Thank you. I'm not hungry. 
 Eric:  You have to feed eventually. I doubt the Fellowship had anything to offer. Why wouldn't you leave when I first came for you? 
 Godric:  They didn't treat me badly. You'd be shocked at how ordinary most of them are. 
 Eric:  They do nothing but fan the flames of hatred for us. 
 Godric:  Let's be honest. We are frightening. After thousands of years, we haven't evolved. We've only grown more brutal, more predatory. I don't see the danger in treating humans as equals. The Fellowship of the Sun arose because we never did so. 
 Eric:  Is that why you wouldn't fight when they took you? 
 Godric:  I could have killed every last of them within minutes. And what would that have proven? 
 Scene 15: Sookie's house - Tara, Eggs, Maryann 
 Tara:  Oh, my God. I inhaled that fucker. You know what? I didn't think it was possible, but this is better than her pie. 
 Eggs:  Way better. 
 Maryann listens to them. 
 Tara:  I gotta learn how to cook. 
 Eggs:  You know, I feel like a superhero. I mean... 
 Tara:  You look like one. 
 Eggs:  Yeah? How about now? I mean, I feel invincible, you know? Like nobody could even hurt me. 
 Tara:  Yeah? I hate you. I f*cking hate your guts. 
 Eggs:  You f*cking bitch. I fucjing hate you too. You're not even trying, are you? 
 Tara slaps Eggs. 
 Eggs:  More. 
 She slaps him again. 
 Eggs:  Is that all you got? I mean... 
 She kicks him. 
 Eggs (he has black eyes):  Now, that feels so f*cking good. 
 He slaps her. 
 Tara:  Dams, boy. Do it again. 
 He slaps her again. Her eyes are now black like his. 
 Tara:  f*ck, I want you so bad. 
 They make love on the floor. 
 Scene 16: At the Party - Sookie, Lorena 
 Someone parks outside and goes through the house. Lorena arrives at the party. She goes through Sookie. 
 Sookie:  That's great. Me too. 
 Lorena:  Hello, there. I'm Lorena. 
 Sookie:  Nice to meet you. I'm Sookie. 
 Lorena:  Yes. You are what all the fuss is about. 
 Sookie:  Excuse me? 
 Lorena:  Aren't you a morsel. 
 Sookie:  I'm sorry. Who are you? 
 Lorena:  Well, we have a mutual friend. 
 Sookie:  Bill? 
 Lorena:  That's right. Funny he never mentioned me. I practically made him what he is today. 
 Bill is arriving. 
 Bill:  Lorena. 
 Lorena:  Oh, hello, darling. I was just getting to know your plaything. You always did like to prey on the innocent. 
 Sookie:  Bill, is this your maker? 
 Bill:  She released me years ago. She no longer has any hold over me. 
 Lorena:  I wouldn't say that. We had two marvelous nights in your hotel room. 
 Sookie:  What? 
 Lorena:  Did you know your boyfriend hit me over the head with a 52-inch plasma television earlier tonight? Everyone says they're so thin and light, but let me tell you, when wielded properly, it's quite a weapon. 
 Sookie (to Bill):  You did? 
 Bill (to Lorena):  Lorena, you need to leave. 
 Lorena:  I hope he doesn't pull the same shenanigans with you. There's no excuse for domestic violence. 
 Bill:  What she has failed to mention is that she was holding me prisoner. 
 Lorena:  Pshaw. We were just catching up is all. You must have been worried sick, wondering where he was. I admit it. It got a bit heated. But you know how old lovers can get sometimes. 
 Sookie:  Do not touch him. 
 Lorena:  My, we're feisty too. You're no more than a blood bag. You cannot win this. 
 Sookie:  I've already won. Bill chose me. And yet you still won't give up. Don't you have any shame? 
 Bill:  Sookie, stop. 
 Lorena:  I'd listen to him. Run away, little girl. William and I love each other. 
 Bill:  You've gone mad. Now get out now. 
 Sookie:  Maybe you do love him. Who am I to guess? But he doesn't love you. He never has, and that we both know. 
 Lorena:  Take those words back or they shall be your last. 
 Bill:  We're leaving! 
 Sookie:  Go find someone else, you f*cking bitch! You've lost this one! 
 Lorena is about to bite Sookie when Godric stops her. 
 Godric:  Retract... your... fangs. Now. I neither know nor care who you are. But in this area and certainly in this nest, I am the authority. Do you understand? 
 Lorena:  Yes, sheriff. 
 Godric:  This human has proven herself to be a courageous and loyal friend to our kind. And yet you treat her like a child does a dragonfly, pulling off wings for sport. No wonder they hate us. 
 Lorena:  She provoked me. 
 Godric:  And you provoked me. You disrupted the peace in my own home. I could snap you like a twig. Yet I haven't. Now, why is that? 
 Lorena:  It's... your choice. 
 Godric:  Indeed it is. You're an old vampire. I can tell. You've had hundreds of years to better yourself, yet you haven't. you are still a savage, and I fear for all of us, humans and vampires, if this behavior persists. (To Bill) You. You seem to know her. 
 Bill:  Yes, sheriff. 
 Godric:  Escort her from the nest. 
 Sookie:  Go ahead, I'm fine. I wish you out of my area before dawn. 
 Bill and Lorena are outside. 
 Lorena crying:  I don't know how it got this way. I can't help it that I still love you. You know I do. But now it's become nothing but a constant humiliation. 
 Bill:  The pain that you suffer you've inflicted upon yourself. 
 Lorena:  When will we see each other again? 
 Bill:  Never. 
 Lorena:  We're immortal. Our paths are bound to cross eventually. 
 Back inside: 
 A vampire (to Stan):  I have him by the neck, shaking... 
 Jason (to a girl):  But... and funny you say that because... 
 The man arrives at the party; it's Luke. 
 Jason:  Luke? What the f*ck, man? 
 Jason goes through Luke. 
 Luke:  Stay away from me, Stackhouse. Got nothing to say to you. 
 Jason:  What the hell you doing? 
 Luke:  Just go. (He speaks loud) Excuse me, everyone. If I could have your attention. My name is Luke McDonald. I'm a member of the Fellowship of the Sun. And I have a message for you all from Reverend Steve Newlin. 
 He opens his jacket; there's a bomb and chains around him. He presses on the button. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 