Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 03x02 - Wednesday’s Child (2) - DCI Banks 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 03x02 - Wednesday’s Child (2) https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=42&t=13911 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/12/14 22:24 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 03x02 - Wednesday’s Child (2) 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 They've taken my son. 
 My little boy's gone. 
 Get in the car, Kyle. 
 Maybe Kyle's father is behind this, have you thought of that? 
 Katy's not here. You can talk to me instead, Mr Cain. 
 I think Katy's involved. 
 We're looking at all possibilities. 
 If it's a paedophile ring, who better to identify vulnerable targets than a teacher? 
 Mark Campbell? 
 You're grounded for a month. 
 She's wasting her time. 
 Steven, come back here right now! 
 £25,000 worth of heroin. 
 It's nothing to do with me. 
 Half a kilo of heroin, there's only you and Kyle in the house! 
 We pulled one set of prints from the cellophane. So the heroin's Kyle's? 
 We've found a body. It's not Kyle. 
 Oh, thank God! 
 Right, new day. 
 The boy found yesterday has been formally identified as 11-year-old Andre Petri. 
 First reported missing two weeks ago, it never came to us. 
 Early findings suggest he's been dead and buried for ten days, no cause of death as yet. 
 So, Andre Petri, Kyle Heath. 
 Any links? 
 Ken? Different schools but they lived on the estate, pretty much the same age. 
 Annie, I want you to do the heavy lifting on the Andre Petri inquiry. 
 Kyle Heath. 
 Now, putting aside that his mother Katy might somehow be involved, we're looking at two lines of inquiry. 
 One, sexual abuse. Downstairs, we're already holding Kyle's head teacher, Mark Campbell. 
 Is this a link to a paedophile ring? 
 Two, Kyle Heath stashed half a kilo of heroin under the floorboards of his living room. 
 The only fingerprints on that stash were Kyle Heath's, an 11-year-old boy. 
 Come on, whoever's really running the heroin trade on the Elthorpe estate has gotta be the prime suspect for all of this. So we need to be all over those streets. 
 We step up the house-to-houses. 
 Anyone and everyone with any sort of drug-related form, trace them and question them. 
 Now we know what we're looking for, let's get out and find it. 
 You need me in on the Mark Campbell interview. You wanted a front line assignment. I know. 
 Thanks. 
 But I brought Mark Campbell in and I've gone through his background and if we can nail him... I could take the Andre Petri case. What? 
 Can you both just do what I asked? 
 I haven't got time for anything else! 
 I'm thinking about an 11-year-old pupil, drawing cash for them from an amusement arcade around midnight. 
 I didn't take Kyle. 
 His mother would've recognised me. 
 She never went to the school. 
 Kyle would've recognised me. 
 Maybe he went voluntarily after you groomed him. 
 Sunday night, I took my rubbish out. 
 My neighbour saw me... 
 We're already checking that. 
 We're checking out every bit of your life, Mr Campbell. 
 Do you know these two people? 
 No. Why would I? 
 Well, who better to point out vulnerable, easily-abductable children than a head teacher? Wait. 
 Stop. (SIGHS) 
 Kyle Heath is anything but vulnerable. 
 He's too streetwise for his own good. 
 He's disruptive at school, his class teacher can't handle him. 
 I... I was only trying to help him, all right? 
 He was out after midnight on his own. 
 For God's sake, I was trying to get him to go home! 
 And that was the last I saw him. 
 He won the jackpot, got his money, got a minicab home. 
 That's it. That's... 
 That's all I know. 
 You lied to me yesterday. 
 I asked if there was anything about Kyle to give you cause for alarm. 
 You said, "I don't know him." 
 I don't know him! 
 I wasn't stalking him, I wasn't following him. 
 But there was a reason that you were at the Pleasuredrome on Saturday night, wasn't there? 
 You're often down that way late at night. 
 I've spoken to the girls who work that street in detail about you. 
 Some pretty odd kinks you've got, Mr Campbell. 
 Please. I keep... 
 If my... If my ex-wife finds out, she'll... she'll use it, stop my access to my kids. 
 If I was your ex-wife, knowing what I know, I wouldn't let you near my kids. 
 Right, what I do hurts nobody. 
 It isn't illegal. 
 It doesn't make me a bad parent. 
 (DISTANT VOICES) 
 (SPEAKS SPANISH) 
 DS Cabbot. (SPEAKS SPANISH) 
 Are you Mrs Petri? Petri! English? 
 Do you speak English? Angela! 
 (SPEAKS SPANISH) 
 I'm her sister. You found Andre? No. 
 (SPEAKS SPANISH) 
 I mean... I mean, yes. 
 (SPEAKS SPANISH) 
 What do you mean? 
 What are you saying? 
 You found him? 
 What is it? What's wrong? 
 (WAILS HYSTERICALLY) 
 (WAILS HYSTERICALLY) 
 Most of the damage is decomposition. 
 The usual cuts and scratches you're likely to see on a lad of his age. 
 But otherwise, no obvious signs of physical violence. 
 Any signs of sexual violence? No. 
 So what do you think? 
 At the moment, all I can give you is a cause of death from toxicology. 
 This little boy died from a massive overdose of heroin. 
 Andre Petri was missing for two weeks. Where was the press? 
 Where was the coverage? He doesn't fit the profile, does he? 
 Foreign. Immigrant family. 
 Where were we when... 
 I don't know, Annie. 
 I've said, his case wasn't assigned to us, but it is now, and now we have a dead child and a missing one. 
 Oh, you want more good news? 
 Mark Campbell's alibi checks out. 
 All right, he's not the world's most wholesome head teacher, but it's not illegal. 
 Which leaves us with Andre Petri, died of heroin. 
 Kyle Heath, has a heroin stash. 
 (KNOCK AT DOOR) 
 Ken? Crime mapping. 
 Takes everything on the database, flags it up on a map location. 
 One year ago, the Elthorpe estate is flooded with heroin. 
 But, taking in intelligence evaluations, there's been a heroin drought on the estate for the last two weeks. 
 Two weeks? 
 Around the time Andre Petri overdosed and died. 
 And they buried him. 
 They're decontaminating, they're closing down the operation. 
 Sorry to interrupt. 
 Helen. I've gotta show you this. 
 What? Look. 
 Katy and Paul Cain? 
 But I thought that... Yeah, me, too. 
 She was all over him. Not together? 
 They're kissing! 
 She's dressed up, made up. She's clearly trying to seduce him. Why? 
 I don't know but I'm gonna find out. 
 Gossip. Sorry? 
 The overwhelming probability here is drugs. 
 Someone buried Andre Petri because he died of a heroin overdose. 
 That someone is holding or has killed Kyle. 
 You stay with Katy. Thanks, Helen. 
 Thanks, boss. 
 Gossip? It's a legitimate line of inquiry, and in case you hadn't noticed, we're getting desperate. 
 Did Andre have money? 
 More money than he should have? 
 Yes, he was getting money from somewhere. 
 The missing boy, Kyle Heath, he lives on your estate. 
 Did you ever see Andre with him? 
 No. I'm sorry. 
 Is there anything else you can think of, Angela, anything about Andre's behaviour, his habits? 
 I don't know, he... He changed. 
 The money. Even though he was buying presents for us, he got arrogant. 
 It wasn't right, the way he was behaving, coming home in taxis and... Taxis? 
 Yes, those minicabs. 
 They're all over the estate. 
 Kyle gets a minicab from Pleasuredrome. 
 Andre's been using minicabs. 
 There's another connection... 
 It's a cash-based business. 
 Part of the fabric of the community. 
 You launder the money as you sell the product. 
 11-year-olds with cash for taxis? 
 Pleasuredrome, Elthorpe Cabs. 
 The minicab firm started just over a year ago when the estate was flooded with heroin. 
 Six partners, four ex-cons, three with previous drug convictions. 
 (SIREN WAILS) 
 Let's go. 
 Go. Go! 
 Police! Go upstairs. 
 Nobody move! Police! Police! 
 Police! Don't move! Police! 
 Stay where you are! 
 OK, fellas, stay exactly where you are. 
 We're gonna search the premises. 
 I'll need proof of ID and we'll want to interview all of you. 
 Steven skipped school? 
 But he's about to be excluded. 
 I'm sorry, Michael, there's nothing I can do, I'm in the middle of an investigation. 
 Yeah. No, I understand. 
 Katy, how are you feeling? 
 I don't know what to say, really. 
 I'm just desperate to get Kyle back. 
 I just want to say to the people holding Kyle, please don't hurt him, just bring him home. 
 I'm a mother and there is a special connection between a mother and her son and I... 
 ..I know that Kyle is still alive and I know that he's still out there. 
 I miss my little boy. 
 Please. 
 Please, come home, Kyle. 
 We love you, we both love you. 
 I just want to reiterate what Katy's saying. 
 Katy and I, we are working on our problems, and we may not be together but we are still a family. 
 And I just wanna see my son again. 
 And you know what? 
 I would give it all, every penny I've got, just to get Kyle back. 
 Please bring him back. 
 No price is too high. 
 Please. 
 I would pay anything. 
 (REPORTERS SHOUT) 
 That is all I've got to say, I'm sorry. I just wanna find my son. 
 Well, that was foolish, broadcasting how wealthy you are. 
 You should've cleared that with us. 
 Why? Because it sounded like you were offering a ransom. 
 I'm sorry, I... That is not what I meant. I didn't realise... No. 
 You're not that stupid. 
 It was Katy's idea. 
 She came to see me earlier. 
 How could I say no? 
 Kyle is my child. 
 She's desperate. 
 We are both desperate. 
 So now you trust Katy? 
 (REPORTERS SHOUT) 
 You told me you didn't want anything to do with Paul, you hated him. It's not what you think. So what is it? 
 I love him. More lies, Katy. 
 You love his money and you're using Kyle to get your hands on it. 
 I wouldn't expect you to understand cos I don't think you've ever loved anyone in your life, like, really, properly loved anyone. 
 That's never happened to you, has it? 
 I look at you and I can tell. 
 No passions, no highs, no lows. You're so flat. 
 How can you be like that? 
 (PHONE RINGS) 
 Hello? 
 Speaking. 
 Yeah, he's my son. Look, I'm gonna have to call you back. 
 I'm here if you want to talk, Helen. 
 What's wrong? We're friends, aren't we? I thought we bonded. 
 Where's Kyle? 
 I have done nothing wrong. 
 I know I've done nothing wrong and you know I've done nothing wrong, so piss off! 
 Andre used to come in here, too. 
 Kids on their own late at night, easy to groom for the drugs trade. 
 No drugs up there, but I pulled copies of all the drivers' photographic IDs. 
 This guy's not been in since last week and no-one knows where he is, but our man or what? 
 OK. James Chivers. 
 Minicab driver passing himself off as a social worker. 
 I want to know everything there is to know about this man. 
 Jimmy, this is not right. 
 Did you see him looking? 
 Jimmy, if he's not on side, we can't move around. 
 We can't get out of here. 
 I know. And I'll get him on side. 
 How much would Cain pay? 
 I don't know, Chelsea. 
 But what I do know is we've got to move. 
 James Chivers, prison record as long as your arm. 
 Any crimes against children. 
 No, but past involvement with drug crews down in Bristol. 
 First offence when he was ten. 
 Most of his teens in borstal. 
 13 of the last 25 years behind bars. 
 Single mother, absent father. 
 Just like Kyle and Andre. 
 (DOG BARKS) 
 But five years ago, after Chivers' last stretch, it all stopped. 
 Not one conviction since. 
 Seemed like a reformed character, but the whole time he's setting up a heroin supply network and using kids as runners. 
 Police! Police! 
 Police! Police! 
 Kitchen clear! Armed police! 
 Stairwell clear! Armed police! 
 Armed police! Armed police! 
 Front bedroom clear! 
 Boss. 
 Action surveillance on Paul Cain. 
 Surveillance? 
 There is no evidence that Paul Cain... I think he's the victim of kidnap and ransom and I think Katy Heath's involved. 
 She's nudging Cain to offer money. 
 Why do you think we're here, Helen? 
 Hm? Elthorpe Cabs, James Chivers, that's our man. 
 If Katy was involved, why would she give us such an accurate description of Chivers? 
 If I'm right, Cain leads us straight to Kyle. 
 You can't ignore me on this. 
 Chivers' house is empty. The whole place has been cleaned thoroughly. 
 Action the surveillance. 
 DI Morton. 
 I need you to access... 
 We should be focusing on Chivers. 
 If Katy's hidden Kyle to claim ransom money, he's still alive. 
 If Kyle's just some pawn in a drugs war, there's every chance he's dead. 
 Which would you prefer? 
 You are under enough pressure, Alan. 
 Don't pile more on yourself. 
 I've missed you. 
 (DOG BARKS) 
 (DISTANT SIREN) 
 (ICE CREAM VAN PLAYS TUNE) 
 Boss, you've gotta see this. 
 James Chivers seems to spend a lot of time online on a website called ElthorpeRF.com It stands of Elthorpe Residents' Forum, supposed to be a community resource but most people just go on to rant, complain, even flirt with each other. 
 James Chivers, known as Jimmy99, is on there two, three times a day. 
 Lots of intimate, intense, one-to-one chats. 
 Several online relationships, even arranging to meet some of these people. 
 I've hardly had chance to scratch the surface of all this lot. 
 But I did trace the IP addresses of his online friends and one name stands out. Lots of chats on a regular daily basis. 
 Lots of flirting, too. 
 Little Miss Kitty. Katy Heath. 
 Are you all right, Kyle? 
 My mum, she told me that my dad doesn't care about me. 
 But he does. 
 Your mum, I know her better than she knows herself. You understand? 
 And she's... she's weak and she's confused. 
 And she's greedy. 
 I just want... I know, Kyle! 
 I know what you want. 
 You wanna see your dad. 
 Well, I'll take you to see him. 
 I'll take you to see your dad. 
 (SIGHS) 
 
 
 
 (PHONE RINGS) 
 Helen Morton. 
 Yes. 
 I understand. 
 I'll be there as soon as I can. 
 Oh, you've spoken to my husband, OK. 
 Well, thanks for calling. 
 No, I'll deal with it. Thanks. 
 (SIGHS) 
 (PHONE RINGS) 
 Boss. Helen, as discreet and low-key as you can, it's time to bring Katy Heath in for a formal interview. 
 On what basis? 
 (REPORTERS SHOUT) 
 You've got this all wrong, love. 
 Get in the car. 
 (REPORTERS SHOUT) 
 Helen, I told you quite clearly... 
 She doesn't deserve discreet. 
 Deserve? When do you get to decide? 
 It puts more pressure on her. Katy and Chivers are in this together, they're extorting money from Cain. 
 If Chivers was a drug dealer, tens of thousands going through him, why would he get involved in a stupid scam trying to extort money from a small businessman like Cain? 
 It doesn't make sense. 
 They're criminals, Annie. 
 Of course it doesn't make sense. 
 But Kyle's still missing, the clock's ticking and we've got one live suspect in custody. 
 Where's Kyle? 
 I don't know. 
 This psycho is obsessing on me, victimising me. 
 I want to make a complaint. 
 How do I make a complaint? 
 ElthorpeResidentsForum.com You're a regular, aren't you? 
 Little Miss Kitty. And you've got a friend there, too, haven't you? 
 Jimmy99. 
 That's private. 
 It's nothing to do with you. 
 Little Miss Kitty and Jimmy99. 
 We've got it all down here. 
 Your cosy little late-night chats. 
 No wonder your son's acting up. 
 I bet he hates your guts. 
 Stay on the subject. 
 So you spilled your heart out to Jimmy99. Intimate details. 
 "I need to be cherished. 
 s*x is important to me." Sounds to me like you're coming on to him. 
 I bet your suffocate your boys with all your rules and routines and your happy family, Famous Five sh1t. 
 Then you're complaining about Kyle. 
 Kyle's a burden. 
 Kyle restricts your freedom. 
 And then you're moaning about Kyle's father. 
 He's withholding money from you. 
 You even named him. 
 Paul Cain. 
 Where is my son? 
 You're supposed to find Kyle. 
 This is Jimmy99. 
 James Chivers. God, that's him. 
 That's the guy. He took Kyle. 
 You mean you've never seen this man before he turns up at your door and you let him take Kyle? 
 Where is he? Have you got him? 
 Well, you tell us. 
 You talked with this man, Jimmy Chivers, for two months, you exchanged numbers, you arranged a meeting. What? No, we didn't meet. 
 He was creeping me out. 
 And you hatched a plot to extort money from Paul Cain. 
 I didn't meet him. 
 He was a weirdo banging on about good and evil and morals and saving us all. 
 Saving who? 
 I don't know, the estate, the world, the kids, me, Kyle. 
 I wanted a chat with someone cos I get lonely and all I got from this weirdo was a load of psychobabble. 
 Oh, God, you're right. 
 I did, I told him stuff. 
 I told him about Kyle and he was... 
 He was using me to stalk Kyle. 
 I know how you work, Katy. 
 When you're cornered, you either lie or you change the subject. 
 It's not gonna work. 
 You even talked Paul Cain into making an offer on TV to pay a ransom. It was Paul's idea. 
 Come on, Katy. Where's Chivers? 
 Where's Kyle? 
 It'll be better for you if you tell us now. 
 If you care even just a little bit about your son... 
 I love Kyle, I love my son and I care about him. 
 I know you think I'm a bad mother, but it is hard. 
 I can't control him and I am fed up of fighting with him. 
 I knew... 
 I know I should get him away from Paul Cain, I know I should get Kyle away from him. Why? 
 You love Paul Cain. 
 I know, but I shouldn't. 
 But you can't help it with him, he does that to people. 
 He does what? I don't know, he draws people to him. Kyle? 
 All Kyle talks about is his dad. 
 He's so desperate for a dad and I can't give him that and you can't get away from Paul Cain on that estate, his bloody ice cream van's going everywhere! Stop! 
 We've got this the wrong way round. 
 Right, let's try this. Instead of minicabs, read ice cream vans. 
 Instead of Jimmy Chivers, read Paul Cain. Suppose the heroin Kyle was holding onto wasn't for Jimmy Chivers, it was for his dad, Paul Cain. 
 Yeah, it does fit. Cain's business interest's tax and vat returns. 
 When he takes over the family concern two years ago, it's on its last legs. 
 12 months later, big spike in profits and the cash keeps rolling in. 
 Exactly. The perfect target for extortion. A drug dealer doesn't go to the police and who better to identify him as the perfect target than Katy Heath? 
 She has motive and opportunity. 
 Why Katy Heath? She doesn't know whether it's New Year or New York. 
 (PHONE RINGS) 
 You're not gonna replace me! 
 Cain's pulling out cash! 
 Cain's making withdrawals from different bank accounts, tens of thousands. Annie, Ken, follow Paul Cain, see if he leads us to Chivers and Kyle. 
 We're on our way. Helen, my office. 
 Are you gonna tell me what's been going on? Nothing. 
 I'm fine. Look, it's not Annie's fault or Katy Heath's that your son's been arrested. 
 I saw it on the database. Steven Morton, breaking and entering, boozy party at the old Holton factory. 
 What am I gonna do? 
 (KNOCK AT DOOR) Yes? 
 Sorry. This just came back from the Andre Petri crime scene. 
 Three sets of footprints. 
 Size six trainers, the same size and make as Kyle was wearing, accompanied by a male and female. 
 Thanks, Brian. 
 So Andre Petri was buried there ten days ago, Kyle's been taken there after he was kidnapped but before we discovered the body. 
 Why? You know, if this is kidnap and ransom, why would Chivers break cover and take Kyle to see Andre's grave? 
 I'm on Cain. 
 Eyes on subject, eyes on subject, leaving premises, heading north. 
 Subject one has entered a passage off Miller Street. 
 He is now on foot. 
 I have eyes on him. 
 Has anyone else got eyes on him? 
 (POLICE RADIO CHAT) 
 Unit three, eyes on subject. 
 He's heading towards the tunnel that leads up to Gold Street. Copy that. OK. I'm heading there now. 
 Subject has stopped in passageway. 
 He's on his phone. 
 Repeat, subject is on his phone. 
 "We'll try to trace. Over." 
 Right, suppose we're right. 
 Paul Cain is the drug dealer, the perfect target. Where does that leave us with Jimmy Chivers? 
 That he is what he seems, a reformed character. 
 Hardened criminal turned pillar of the community. A minicab driver. 
 He knows this estate but he's seen its darker side and it's got to him. 
 He wants to save the place. What did Katy say? He was banging on about... 
 Good and evil and saving us all. 
 Yes. What about the footprints? 
 Well, they're Chivers'. He takes Kyle to where Andre is buried. 
 To where Kyle knows that Andre's buried. 
 I'm at the other end of the tunnel. 
 I see him. Eyes on subject. 
 "Unit two, standing by. Over." 
 (WATER DRIPS) 
 I have a car on approach. 
 "Received." 
 Driver and passenger. 
 Passenger looks like a child. 
 This could be it. OK. Do not allow subject one contact with Kyle. 
 I'm standing by. 
 "Unit two, standing by." 
 He's off the phone. 
 We're on. He's dropped the money. 
 Repeat, he has dropped the money. 
 "Understood." 
 Vehicle is approaching. 
 It's not Kyle. 
 Repeat, it's not Kyle. 
 With the proximity of the cab office to the Pleasuredrome, Chivers could've picked up Kyle countless times, got to know the lad, formed a real bond. 
 Sees too many similarities to his own childhood, says enough's enough, I've gotta step in. 
 I think Jimmy's trying to rescue Kyle. 
 He's moving off. He's moving away. 
 I've lost visual with subject one. 
 Repeat, I have lost visual. 
 I can't see him. Pick him up! 
 Pick him up! Pick him up now! 
 "Moving in." 
 He's not here! 
 Repeat, Cain's not here. 
 "No visual contact." 
 There's a way out! 
 There's another way out! 
 Does anyone have eyes on Cain? 
 Does anybody have eyes on Cain? 
 "Negative." 
 It looks like it goes back onto North Street. He's going to the car! 
 "Proceeding to Gold Street in case he comes back. Over." 
 Where is he? Where's his car? 
 sh1t! We've lost him. (SIGHS) 
 They changed plan. Cain's gone and we've lost him, Alan. 
 You've lost him? 
 He's left the money. We wait and pick up whoever comes for it. 
 Alan? Are you there? 
 Yeah. Thanks, Annie, wait there. 
 Chivers isn't coming for that money, is he? 
 No, he doesn't want to extort Paul Cain. He wants to judge him. 
 And if we're right, we know where he is. 
 Thanks. 
 I'm sorry. I was wrong about you. 
 I let them take Kyle that night. 
 I could see it in Kyle's eyes. 
 He wanted to go. He chose to go. 
 And you know what? I thought, "Right, I'll let him go. A few weeks without him. A bit of freedom. 
 "A bit of fun. My old life back. 
 The old Katy." 
 So I just stood back and I let them take my little boy and now he's gone and it's my fault. 
 Hey, look at me, Katy. 
 Look at me. 
 We're gonna find Kyle and we're gonna bring him home. 
 Jimmy, I... I... I don't understand. 
 You will. 
 What happened here to Andre, that could've been you, Kyle. 
 You've gotta remember that. 
 This is the real choice now. 
 Back when I was your age, Kyle, I made some bad choices. 
 I lost a whole life. 
 That's not gonna happen to you, kid. 
 Let's go, Kyle. 
 Stay where you are, please, Kyle. 
 I've dropped the money. 
 Stop pissing me about. 
 I'm just getting you clear of any police surveillance, that's all. 
 (LAUGHS) You're maybe not as smart as you think you are. 
 They're sitting waiting for you to pick the money up. 
 You thought of that? 
 You see this man? For him, everything is a commodity. 
 Everything is about money. 
 But this, this isn't about money. 
 You see this man, your dad? 
 What are you talking about, mate? 
 He walked out on you even before you were born. 
 That was a mistake. 
 And then comes back into your life to drag you into the drugs trade. 
 Evil! 
 The only word is evil! 
 Now, I'm showing you this, Kyle, cos I want you to think. 
 What kind of father would send out his own son to bury poor little Andre like he's a dog? 
 What kind of man would do that to his own flesh and blood, his own son? 
 Kyle, I sent you out with the lads to bury that boy to teach you a lesson. 
 Never, ever mess with that stuff. 
 And you never will, will you? 
 No. No. 
 I'm giving the boy a structure and a routine, things his mother could never give him. But I can. 
 Me and Chelsea, we could take him far away from here. 
 He can't go back to his mum, she's not fit, and you... 
 Come on, Kyle, let's go. 
 He's leading you into a life. 
 It happened to me, Kyle. 
 I chose evil over good. 
 It's what we talked about, right and wrong. 
 All right, mate. I get it. 
 You've been in prison, eh? 
 You've got the scars, the tatts. 
 I spent some time inside myself. 
 I've met 100 guys like you. 
 I work with guys like you. 
 You know nothing about me, mate. 
 You read your Bible from cover to cover? 
 "I am the Way, the truth, the light. 
 Blah, blah, blah." 
 And your missus over there. 
 Some wounded healer you met in rehab, eh? 
 Drawn to your sincerity and your intensity, was she? 
 Like some fly to sh1t. 
 You don't know me. 
 Come on, son. Back to mine. 
 Game of pool. First to 11, eh? 
 I'm sorry, Jimmy. 
 (CHUCKLES) 
 Don't you laugh at me! Jimmy! 
 Don't you f*cking smile at me! 
 Stop it! Stop! 
 Jimmy! 
 Stop! It's over! 
 Come on. It's pointless, Jimmy. 
 You kill him, you go to prison for 20 years. What happens to Kyle then? 
 Think! You meant well. 
 But it was never gonna work. 
 Kyle, look at me. 
 I'm Detective Chief Inspector Alan Banks. I'm a policeman. 
 I know your dad's in the heroin business. But right now, I've got nothing to prove it except you. 
 I need you to tell the truth about what your dad's been doing. 
 (GROANS) 
 Listen, your dad is destroying your estate. 
 He's using kids like you, like Andre, to do it for him. 
 You need to go home, Kyle. 
 Your real home. Back to your mum. 
 Now, I know her. I know she's not perfect, but she loves you and she's ready to protect you and look after you, if you tell us everything about your father. 
 (SIRENS APPROACH) 
 I'll tell you. Good lad. 
 Jimmy? It's all right. 
 Get back! 
 Hiya. 
 Thank you. 
 Come on. 
 Kyle Heath, now that boy's got some excuse for doing what he did, but you, what's your excuse? 
 You don't have one, do you? 
 Cos you've got a good home and two good parents and I'm getting sick of having to deal with middle-class... 
 You know what? I'm supposed to be giving you a bollocking. 
 Early intervention, we call it. 
 But I'm too tired for that. 
 Listen, Steven, you're only gonna be a teenager for another couple of years, and your mother will annoy the crap out of you and then you'll grow up and think the world of her. 
 I'll tell you, that woman, your mother, everything by the manual. 
 Parenting and policing. 
 But you know what? 
 If your mum wasn't there doing it by the book, where would you be? 
 And where would I be? 
 So, please, just... behave! 
 Thanks. Thanks, boss. 
 What are you doing? 
 Just tidying up. 
 The whiteboard or the world? 
 Just the whiteboard for now. 
 I think it's tidy enough. 
 Fancy a pint? 
 I'd love a pint. I really would. 
 Come on. I'm buying. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 