Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 03x04 - Piece of my Heart (2) - DCI Banks 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 03x04 - Piece of my Heart (2) https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=42&t=13913 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/27/14 16:46 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 03x04 - Piece of my Heart (2) 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Right! We need to talk about the tape. 
 The victim's father's outside. 
 Jack Barber. 
 What? The guy who's running for police commissioner? 
 It's Matthew. 
 Matt Barber was murdered in a chalet that he was renting from Liz Forbes. 
 Liz Forbes was the lead singer of The Crystal Kiss. 
 They had one big hit back in the 
 '80s, then it all went sour. 
 The bassist, Martin Harford, did five years for the manslaughter of the guitarist, John Gaunt. 
 Martin? 
 The tape. 
 I told Matt Barber about the tape. 
 I'm sorry. 
 Sam, come round to mine for dinner. 
 You bring the wine, I'll cook. 
 David. 
 You need to take me off this case. 
 Why? 
 David Hornby is the father of my baby. 
 Who's this? Who's this? 
 I think they want to lynch me. 
 Who? 
 The yummy mummies. 
 Alan, I need to talk to you. 
 Her father is a suspect for murder of Matt Barber. 
 So yes, I need to keep you away from David Hornby, but I'm not going to take you off the inquiry. 
 Not unless we arrest him, obviously. 
 Your homework's in my car. 
 I need you to go through the John Gaunt files with a fine-toothed comb. 
 Especially Martin Harford's confession. 
 Alan, tonight, me and you at yours... 
 What's the problem? 
 All right, we've got some things to talk about, but obviously, Hornby wants nothing to do with Isla. 
 He doesn't know about Isla. 
 When we were dating, he always insisted on midweek. I guessed he was in some kind of long-term thing. 
 Of course he was. David Hornby was married, all right. Extremely married, with two kids. 
 Do you think I should have told him? 
 He has a right to know. 
 And Isla, when she's older, she'll want to know about her father. 
 Do you really think Hornby's capable of killing someone? 
 All I know at the moment is he's a liar. 
 Why didn't you tell us you knew Matt Barber? 
 We have a bank transfer from Bertram Ellis to Matt Barber, for £15,000, authorised by you, Mr Hornby. 
 I don't believe I'm under any obligation to explain that. 
 Matt Barber had his skull smashed in. 
 Where's Annie? 
 Her personal connection to you means that she is compromised on this occasion. 
 It was just a fling. 
 Look, my firm are investigating institutional corruption. 
 The CPS up here in Yorkshire and the police. 
 It's been going on for years. 
 Evidence has gone missing. 
 Statements have been altered. 
 We're talking root and branch, embedded corruption. 
 Over 30 years' worth of potentially unsafe convictions. 
 How did Matt fit into all this? 
 We needed someone to do the spade work. He trawled through our case files. 
 Was one of these potentially unsafe convictions Martin Harford, for the killing of John Gaunt in 1988? 
 Maybe. There were hundreds of cases to go through. 
 And you met with Matt Barber? 
 A few times, yes. 
 Once at his chalet, uh...Thursday morning.. 
 He was one of the good guys, unlike er... 
 Unlike his father? 
 Let me put it to you this way. 
 If Jack Barber wins this election, he'll be wielding a lot of power and a lot of influence. 
 A criminal justice system run by criminals. 
 I'd be very careful, making unsubstantiated accusations. 
 You're assuming I can't substantiate them. 
 If you want to question me further, you'll need a warrant, which will take six hours to get. 
 Whichever way you turn it, I'm free to go. 
 Just a moment...please. 
 DI Morton. 
 What do you think? 
 Got a point about Jack Barber. 
 No, I'm talking about - 
 What, can we hold him? Not really. 
 A defence lawyer...if we put one foot wrong, no matter how trivial - 
 Get rid of him, then. Thanks. 
 (MOBILE PHONE RINGS) 
 Annie. 
 There's no confession. 
 What? The John Gaunt files. 
 There's no transcript of Martin Harford confessing to the killing. 
 Are you sure? 100%. And the officer who took Harford's confession - 
 Detective Constable Jack Barber. 
 Thanks, Annie. 
 Jack Barber - you might be right. 
 Let's get him in for a chat. 
 Matt Barber seemed to know a lot about the band, Liz, about John's death. 
 He knew there was something not right. 
 I don't know how, but... 
 Please, Liz. 
 It was stupid. I shouldn't have told him about the tape. 
 You haven't told anyone else? 
 No. It's all buried. 
 We can re-form the band. 
 You really want to? 
 After what's happened? 
 Yes, Martin, I do. 
 Please. 
 We need you. 
 I'll do anything for you. 
 You know that. 
 Thank you for agreeing to come in and see us, sir. I know you have a busy schedule. 
 Yes, well, I hope this won't take long. Election day tomorrow. 
 The conviction of Martin Harford for the unlawful killing of John Gaunt, September 1988. 
 You were part of the inquiry team. 
 Well, yes. It was a long time ago. 
 25 years. 
 Did Matt talk to you about that case? 
 Well, no. Why should he? 
 Well, the killer... 
 Martin Harford. 
 Martin Harford, yes. 
 Well, he confessed. 
 It was some argument that got out of hand. 
 Why would Matthew - 
 The man who found your son dead, the chalet caretaker... that was Martin Harford. 
 You think you killed my son? 
 You took his confession. 
 So what? I don't remember very much. 
 Pull out the old files. 
 We did. The transcript of the confession is missing. 
 You were at the records library the other day. 
 What the hell are you suggesting? 
 That I beat some confession out of Harford? 
 Or that I killed my own son? 
 Are you seriously suggesting... 
 I loved that boy. 
 And I've got a couple of amateurs sitting here accusing me - 
 We're not accusing you of anything. 
 What I am doing, against the advice of my fellow officers, is giving you special treatment. 
 I'm giving you a chance. 
 Is there anything that you can tell us that might help us identify and convict your son's killer? 
 I've got nothing to say. 
 He thinks his police commissioner campaign makes him untouchable. 
 He wants us to let him get away with murder. 
 Helen. Matt was killed after an argument that caught out of control. 
 A killer with a short fuse and the presence of mind and expertise to tamper with the crime scene. 
 I want that tape. 
 I don't know where it is. 
 Do you know what this could do? 
 I destroyed it. 
 You owe it to me. No. 
 It's buried. 
 It died with... 
 (DOORBELL RINGS) 
 Hi. 
 Alan. 
 Liz, we need to speak to Martin. 
 His wife said he was here. 
 I think we'd better come in. 
 Ian Bassett. 
 Yeah. 
 You didn't tell us. 
 No, it was after you left that he er...appeared. 
 And you didn't think to call us? 
 No, I'm...sorry. 
 You've proved a difficult man to trace. 
 We know you arrived back in the UK a few days ago, Mr Bassett. 
 Where were you on Tuesday night? 
 At my hotel suite. 
 And I haven't been hiding. 
 Just been abroad...for too long. 
 Dark-eyed boy. 
 So why have you come back now? 
 I came back to do an interview with Matt Barber, last Sunday morning, at his chalet. 
 I was shocked to hear about his death. 
 Mr Soames, we're actually here to talk to you about your confession. 
 Oh, not again. How many times? 
 Jack Barber, the father of Matt Barber, was the officer who took your confession. 
 Now, did he apply any undue pressure on you, alter your statement or threaten you in any way? 
 No. 
 Mr Bassett, we're going to need fingerprints, a DNA sample and a full statement, OK? 
 No problem. 
 So... 
 Mm-hm. 
 That's right. 
 We're re-forming The Crystal Kiss. 
 (BABY CRIES) 
 I thought you had the right to know. 
 What's her name? 
 Isla Rose. 
 Isla Rose. 
 She's... 
 Look at her. She's watching me. 
 She looks like you. 
 Look... 
 I'm not some serial shagger. 
 You caught me by surprise. 
 That's why my marriage broke up. 
 Wait. I didn't want to break up any marriage. 
 I know. 
 I just couldn't go back to how it was before. 
 I just couldn't. 
 I'd like to be a proper father to Isla. 
 And maybe... for her sake, we could try again. 
 Boss. 
 Guest. 
 Oh, Annie. 
 Right. Listen, everyone. 
 This is no longer a two-strand inquiry. 
 There is a connection between Jack Barber and The Crystal Kiss. 
 We just have to get to the bottom of it. 
 Annie, Helen and I bumped into Ian Bassett at Liz Forbes's house. 
 He turns up after 25 years and she doesn't even bother to tell us. 
 Annie, you get his statement. 
 OK. All right. Thanks. 
 Matt got in touch by e-mail. 
 He was a fan with a laptop. 
 His words, not mine. 
 And he wanted to interview me. 
 Thanks. 
 So you met him at the chalet on Sunday morning? 
 Yeah. 
 Did Matt refer to the death of John Gaunt? 
 No, we spoke about the music, about re-forming the band. 
 Why do you want to re-from the band? 
 It's an idea I've had kicking around in my head for a while. 
 It seems to have worked quite well for other people. 
 And we know there's demand out there. 
 That's how I've been making my money all these years. 
 It's extremely lucrative. 
 But you know, when I first picked up a guitar, I didn't start dreaming about making elevator music. 
 Maybe it's a midlife crisis, but I had to come back and re-form The Crystal Kiss. 
 I don't want my dreams to die before I do. 
 So are you and Liz back together again as a couple? 
 Well, I don't know about that. 
 Liz is a lovely-looking girl and we had a lot of fun, but... she wasn't, you know, into the music like me and John were. 
 Well, those two solo albums of hers did well. She must have had something. 
 Music for dinner parties. 
 (SLOW, SMOOTH MUSIC) 
 OK. 
 David Hornby. 
 I told him about Isla. 
 He wants to be involved with her. 
 That's good. 
 That's good? 
 Is that all you can say? 
 What do you want me to say? 
 I wasn't expecting that, because Alan Banks always says the right thing, does the decent thing. 
 Even if it means pushing me towards - You think I would push you towards that piece of sh1t? 
 His chat-up line's better than, 'Bring the travel cot.' 
 (KEYS RATTLE) 
 What's that? 
 Tracey - what... what are you doing here? 
 Nothing. 
 Hi. 
 Oh, hi. This is Tracey... my daughter. Tracey, this is Annie. 
 Nice to meet you. 
 (BABY CRIES) 
 sh1t. 
 Oh, I'm sorry, I should have phoned, but... 
 I've packed in uni. 
 Chemical engineering is not for me. 
 And I just thought I could... erm...stay here for a while until I'm back on my feet. 
 I should go home. 
 Annie, I'm so sorry. 
 Can't be helped. 
 Night, Alan. 
 Did you say that you'd left uni? 
 Look, I'm sorry to spring on you like this, but... 
 (PHONE RINGS) 
 Yes, Helen? 
 OK. Thanks. 
 Work? 
 Security cameras, opposite the coffee shop. Matt Barber and his father. 
 It starts off friendly enough, but then... 
 The younger man mentions John Gaunt. 
 See? John Gaunt. 
 Can you play it again? Go in closer. 
 The pop musician, yeah? 
 John...John Gaunt. 
 Jack told us Matt didn't ask him about John Gaunt. 
 He told us this argument was about Matt wanting to find his mother. 
 Can you carry on playing it from here? 
 And what he appears to be saying here is, 'Dad, this tape. 
 I am going to get hold of it. 
 Tomorrow. First thing. 
 I'm going to get the truth, Dad. 
 That's how you brought me up.' 
 See, when Matt mentions the tape, it's like Jack's seen a ghost. 
 And then he gets angry. I mean, really angry. Look here. 
 So angry he kills his son. 
 That's a reach, Helen. 
 A reach? He's lied to us every step of the way, makes out he can hardly remember the case. 
 And yet here he is, really arguing with his son about it. 
 Why? And this tape, does it threaten Jack? 
 Does it threatens his campaign? 
 What is this tape? 
 I don't know. 
 But we need to get our hands on it. 
 Liz. What are you doing? 
 I need to talk to you. 
 I need to talk to all three of you... about a tape. 
 The tape that Matt Barber was trying to get his hands on, that was vital to his investigation into the death of John Gaunt. 
 I don't know what you're talking about. 
 Jack, what are you doing here? 
 Social visit. 
 Really? Or looking to get your hands on the tape you and Matt were arguing about the other day? 
 Doesn't matter. 
 I killed him. 
 You killed Matt Barber? No - John. I killed John. But it was an accident. 
 And it got out of hand. 
 That's what you say. 
 That's what Liz said in her statement. 'It was an argument that got out of hand.' 
 That's what Ian's statement said. 'It was an argument that got out of hand. 
 And that's what you said, Jack. 
 It was... 
 When four separate people say exactly the same thing, that's when I get very suspicious. 
 There's nothing to investigate. 
 And whatever it is you're thinking, you don't have any proof. 
 Outside, Jack. 
 I've got a press conference. 
 We should just let you go? 
 Where's the tape? 
 Who's got it and what's on it? 
 I have done my bit. 
 30 years on the force, and now this election. 
 I've made a difference. 
 What have you two ever done, eh? 
 Either of you. 
 Have you found my son's killers? 
 I'm following in your son's footsteps, Jack. 
 Except no-one's going to take me out before I get my hands on the truth. 
 You've let me down... sir. 
 Sarge, take a look at this. 
 Ian Bassett's financial records. 
 I've traced his credit history through most of Europe and beyond. 
 But then there's this. 
 Ian Bassett isn't what he seems. 
 Swanning around the place dropping hints about how rich he is, how reforming The Crystal Kiss isn't about money. 
 Ian B. Spirit of the '80s. 
 I saw a pawnbroker's receipt for a guitar in his hotel room. 
 His credit history. 
 Bassett is broke. 
 Has been for the last 20 years. 
 He needs the money. 
 Mm-hm. Matt Barber was about to derail his gravy train. 
 Annie, erm... What happened last night? Mm...  
 Tracey? 
 No, I meant... you know...what really happened with you and... David Hornby doesn't just want a relationship with Isla. 
 He wants a relationship with me. 
 You're not thinking about it, are you? 
 I don't know. 
 OK? 
 We're screwed. 
 We should leave. 
 Now. 
 For good. I can't just - 
 We don't have the time, Liz, do we? 
 Liz. 
 Where is the tape? 
 Did you give it to that journalist? 
 You swore you'd destroyed it. 
 You'd better pray it never surfaces. 
 Martin, maybe it's time to make a clean break with the past. 
 By running off with your first boyfriend? 
 This is your stupid fault, Martin. 
 You've done this you and your big mouth. 
 For years I've looked after you, put up with you fawning over me. 
 I've had enough. I need to get away. 
 I'm done with you. Following me around, looming. It's disgusting. 
 Martin? Martin? 
 Leave him, Liz. 
 (DOOR SLAMS) 
 We really need to go. 
 
 
 
 (MOUTHS SILENTLY) 
 Well, it's Martin Soames. 
 He's the weak link. 
 Boss. 
 Boss. 
 Martin Soames. Go and to tackle him at his house. Get him alone. 
 He is the key to this. 
 Yes. Sorry, Helen. 
 Is everything OK? 
 Ever feel you've missed your moment? 
 No. 
 DS Cabot. 
 I've never understood what you see in her. 
 I mean, she's a decent enough police officer, I suppose, when she controls her more impulsive outbursts. 
 I think she might be good for you. 
 Thanks, Helen. 
 You're welcome. 
 (NOISES FROM TELEVISION) 
 Martin? 
 Martin? 
 Martin? 
 Any kind of note? Nothing. 
 So why now? 
 What finally pushed him? 
 Because we were closing in on him? 
 Or did he kill Matt Barber? 
 Nine calls to this number in the half hour before he died. 
 I've put trace on it. 
 Hold on. 
 Let's just see who we've got. 
 'Not again, Martin. You're not getting the tape back.' 
 David Hornby? 
 'Who is this, please?' 
 Alan Banks. Are you in your office? 
 'Yes.' Well, stay where you are. 
 I'm on my way. 
 Right. I need Liz Forbes and Ian Bassett picked up. 
 I'll deal with Hornby. 
 DCI banks, I'm in a meeting with another client. I'm not prepared to discuss Martin Soames. 
 Martin Soames just hanged himself. 
 We need to talk. 
 All right. But not here. 
 Give me a minute. 
 Martin - he was here this morning. 
 With the tape that he was supposed to deliver to Matt Barber? 
 Yeah. Yeah, he must've gone home and got drunk - badly drunk. 
 He was phoning me, ranting about how Liz Forbes had left him, how he felt he had wasted most of his life with her, how he felt he couldn't live without her, and then how he wanted the tape back. 
 And you wouldn't give it back? 
 That's unfair. 
 What's on this tape? 
 I'm not prepared to discuss that. 
 Are you refusing to hand it over officially? 
 I've worked long and hard for this. 
 One case, one proven instance of police malpractice, and the floodgates open. 
 Jack Barber is my best chance. 
 I prefer to use the press, not the police, to bring this into the public domain. 
 Forget the conspiracy crap. 
 This is a right-or-wrong call. 
 I don't trust the police. 
 Does Annie know that? 
 Well, I've known Annie Cabot for three years now. 
 And her core attribute is integrity, wouldn't you agree? 
 So if I go back to her and say that you won't cooperate with us, do you really think there's a chance that you'll get to see her, or Isla, ever again? 
 Thank you. 
 ♪ Your silence and... ♪ 
♪..landscape 
♪ Torn within this mess I've made 
♪ And the emptiness ♪ 
 Are you leaving us? 
 I've decided against re-forming the band. 
 This is your car, sir? 
 Yes. 
 You almost got me killed. 
 ♪ And I have come undone within your prison 
♪ All these dreams 
♪ Coming apart 
♪ These are the lessons 
♪ Of a lonely heart ♪ 
 (HIGH-PITCHED NOISE) 
 What's that? 
 What's the latest on Liz and Ian? 
 Downstairs, stewing. 
 Ian Bassett's car has got a broken brake light, so it was him fleeing that night. 
 He claims he was there to do an interview with Matt, saw the place crawling with police, got scared. I'll bet he did. 
 Change of plan. We're not going to interview those two downstairs. 
 We're going to put Liz and Ian back in the recording studio. 
 Give me an hour to get set up and then we hit them with this. 
 ♪ Uninspired and all dead 
♪ The sentiments here in my head 
♪ And all the lovely things you never said 
♪ Never said... ♪ 
 So, we've managed to retrieve the infamous tape. 
 Now, maybe it was just Martin holding onto this for a rainy day, or maybe it was to keep you close to him, Liz. 
 A sort of subtle blackmail. 
 Look after me, or I go public with this. 
 So deeply in love with you, Liz. 
 Well, even back then. 
 Look. 
 Doesn't take his eyes off you. 
 So he was holding onto this tape. 
 It was from the night that John died. 
 You were trying to record a follow-up to Marginal Love. 
 This was your moment. 
 A surprise hit single riding high in the charts. 
 But you had nothing to back it up with and nothing in the can. 
 A Lesson For The Lonely Heart. 
 That was the track you were recording. 
 Take nine is the one that interests me. 
 (MUSIC ON) 
 Turned out to be a recording of the last moments of John Gaunt's life. 
 (TRACK PLAYS) 
 So there's all four of you in the studio. 
 Liz singing, Ian on keyboard, Martin on bass, and John Gaunt on guitar. 
 (BUZZING) Listen. There. 
 (HIGH-PITCHED NOISE) 
 See, that's when John's guitar is thrown down and starts the feedback. 
 And then there's footsteps... 
 (FOOTSTEPS, DOOR OPENS) 
 ..the studio door being opened... then, just a few beats later... 
 ..there. That's when the keyboard cuts out. 
 More footsteps. 
 Except it wasn't Martin following John out. 
 It was you, Ian. 
 So now the only people left in the studio are Liz and Martin. 
 Just vocals and bass. 
 And of course, you kept your headphones on. 
 But this tape picks up everything that was going on outside the studio. 
 (SHOUTING VOICES) Bumps, shouts... 
 There's someone crashing down the stairs. 
 John. 
 (DOOR SLAMS) 
 Proves nothing. 
 I don't see how this involves me. 
 Oh, but it does, Liz. Martin only agreed to cover up for John's death because you asked him. 
 You knew he was hopelessly and unconditionally in love with you. 
 You asked him because you were hopelessly and unconditionally in love with Ian. 
 Martin killed John. Ask him again. 
 He'll tell you. 
 Martin hung himself earlier this morning. 
 He took his own life because you said you were leaving him, Liz. 
 You said you and Ian were leaving because we were closing in on the truth. 
 It's obvious. Martin committed suicide because he killed... 
 Matt Barber. 
 I love you. 
 Come on, Liz. 
 Ian doesn't care about you. 
 That's why he left all those years ago, after you tidied up his mess. 
 Houses in Antibes, yachts on Lake Como, upmarket cruise ships - bollocks. 
 This, Liz, is the real Ian Bassett. 
 '80s revival stuff in cheap bars and hotels. 
 Ian came back to reform the band because he was desperate for money. 
 Ian? 
 Grow up, Liz. 
 The Crystal Kiss's moment has gone. 
 You were one-hit wonders. End of. 
 25 years hoping and waiting. 
 And three people dead. 
 John, Martin, Matt Barber. 
 All to preserve a teenage dream. 
 Ian is a killer. 
 Not true. 
 Listen. 
 What you're going to hear now, and what you've never heard before, is an enhanced digital version. 
 The music has been faded out. 
 (THUMPING) 
 There. You hear John falling. 
 Then other footsteps coming down the stairs towards him. 
 (FOOTSTEPS) 
 And now this. 
 MAN: Ian, no. 
 (SOUNDS OF STRUGGLE) 
 OK? 
 Maybe it was an argument that got out of hand when you knocked John down the stairs. 
 But he didn't die immediately. 
 No, he was still alive. 
 So Ian followed him down and finished him off. 
 You suffocated him, Ian. 
 You were the heart and soul of the band. You wrote all the songs. 
 But what was it that you told me, Liz? 
 Love and hate and testosterone, it's a dangerous cocktail. 
 You saw a chance to get rid of your best friend, your main rival, and make a grab for all the song-writing royalties, and you went for it. 
 He wanted the money then, and you want it now. 
 You can't prove that. 
 You don't have a witness. 
 Oh, my God. 
 It's not true, Liz. You told me it was an accident. You told me and I did everything for you. 
 It was all a lie. 
 I never asked you to do it. 
 I gave £30,000 to that policeman. 
 I made poor Martin confess. And... 
 And you did what, Liz? 
 Did you kill Matt Barber? 
 I didn't want him to destroy you, Ian. 
 I just lashed out... because I loved you. 
 Can you believe it? After 25 years, I'd still do anything for you. 
 God help me. 
 And I hereby declare Jack Barber duly elected to the post Police Commissioner. 
 Sir, Liz Forbes has admitted to killing your son. 
 You took a bribe of £30,000 from Liz Forbes 25 years ago to accept Martin's confession at face value. 
 Liz will testify against you in court, Jack. 
 Look, I'm going to say this to you just once. 
 25 years ago, Matthew's mother tried to take him from me to America. 
 I was going to lose him forever. 
 Well, I needed money. 
 Money for lawyers, money for private investigators. 
 And Liz Forbes offered it to me. 
 And if I could go back in time, I'd do exactly the same thing all over again. 
 I'll...I'll take myself down to the station. 
 No, sir. 
 We won't be doing things your way. 
 We need to make it legal and everything, but... 
 I want you to have regular contact with Isla. 
 A proper relationship with her. 
 For life, David. 
 That's brilliant. 
 And what about... you and me? 
 I don't have a plan. 
 I...I don't know. 
 PR? Event management? 
 (SIGHS) 
 I'm still processing my future. 
 And what does your mother have to say about all this? 
 She's not happy, but she understands. 
 So erm...while you're processing your future, what are you going to do in the meantime? 
 I'll get a job. 
 Bar work or something. 
 (DOORBELL RINGS) 
 We're not finished. 
 I need to speak to you. 
 I was hoping you were free some time to finish our dinner. 
 What about David Hornby? 
 It didn't work out. 
 I'm sorry. 
 Really?  
 No. 
 I'd better get back for the babysitter.  
 Annie. 
 We could be waiting and hoping for the rest of our lives. Unless we create our own... moments. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 