Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x02 - Episode 2 - Doctor Thorne 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x02 - Episode 2 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=587&t=25939 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/13/16 22:43 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x02 - Episode 2 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Morning, Sir Roger! 
 Remember me? Ma Brewer. 
 Give my regards to Lady Scatcherd. 
 Sir Roger, please can you help me? 
 I've got three kids. I'm all on my own. 
 Fresh lavender. 
 What else is there to do? 
 It seems I must give a speech or two. 
 That is what we've come to hear. 
 Why, look. It's Dr Thorne. 
 This is good of you. 
 No, I thought I owed it to Sir Roger to witness his folly. 
 Well, stay and hear Moffatt speak. 
 He's trembling like jelly. 
 Miss Dunstable, may I present Dr Thorne. 
 But I know all about you. 
 Tell me, how is your charming niece? 
 Mary is well. 
 She'd be surprised to find herself the topic of your conversation. 
 I'm an American, Dr Thorne. We know no boundaries. 
 Mr Moffatt, it's time. 
 Is it, really? 
 Oh, my God, is it, really? 
 And where is your opponent? 
 Old Scatcherd? 
 I very much doubt he's been able to leave his bed. 
 I pray he has not. 
 Now, this Moffatt? 
 Mr Moffat. 'Ey, there he is, there, look! 
 And what has he ever done for us, eh? 
 Nothing, right? 
 Now, listen, I know I may not look much like this picture that they've drawn of me. Eh? 
 But next to that fat pimply item of unearned income, who drove down here, by the way, in a carriage... 
 Ooh! 
 .. with a smattering of lords and ladies, I mean, compared to him, I think I look all right, don't I, eh? 
 Ha ha ha! 
 We know you, Sir Roger! You're one of us! 
 I am, indeed! 
 You know why? I came up the hard way. 
 Didn't I? Eh? 
 I may be a rich man now, I may be a baronet, but... but when I started out, I had nowt but a raw potato in my pocket to gnaw on if the hunger got too bad. 
 So don't don't let him tell you that I don't know what it's like to be without! 
 Right? Thank you! 
 This is your moment, Mr Moffat. It's time to deliver your speech. 
 Good luck. 
 I am a thoroughpaced reformer. 
 You what? 
 A thoroughpaced reformer. 
 Go on, Snip! We've got the point! 
 I believe very firmly in reform. 
 Drat your reform, Snippy! 
 For what nation can pride themselves more on the rights granted to their citizens? 
 The right to chuck this! 
 Poor Mr Moffatt. He isn't making much of a mark. 
 He should have spent more time with the voters. 
 He should have spent more money ON the voters. 
 Do you doubt our English democracy? 
 Say something about their daughters. Praise their wives. 
 Praise the town. 
 Barchester's a fine town, but even a fine town can improve with reform. 
 I rest my case. 
 It is time to build on the great achievements and push further along the road to freedom! 
 Tom! Tom! The tailor's son, Stole a pig and away he ran! Eh? 
 Look at the pampered swine! 
 You couldn't fight for a pate sandwich, never mind for a working man's vote! Right? 
 Oh! Ahh! 
 Oh, dear. 
 Up. Up! 
 Mr Gresham. 
 Mr Gresham? 
 How nice to see you. 
 It's nice to see you too, Mary. 
 But I mustn't disturb you at this hour. 
 Is your uncle at home? 
 Not yet. 
 He went to the election and hasn't been back since. 
 Mary, now that I'm here, can I say how sorry I am for all this... difficulty? 
 It can't be helped, sir. 
 I hate to think that we've banished you. 
 Beatrice is hardly speaking to us. 
 I must love her for that. 
 Is it true she is engaged to Mr Oriel? 
 It is. 
 It seems quick to me, but they're very determined. 
 You know Beatrice. 
 I certainly do. 
 There's a servant here from Boxall Hill, Miss Mary. 
 He says Sir Roger's been struck down. 
 The doctor's with him now and he's sent a list of things he needs. 
 I'll come at once. And ask Thomas to saddle my pony. 
 I must go. I'm in the way. 
 Please, do let me know the news of Sir Roger. 
 Why have you come? 
 I couldn't leave Lady Scatcherd to face this with no woman to lean on. 
 She has her servants. 
 Would you like her to leave me to the servants in such a case? 
 Here are the things you've asked for. 
 What can I do? 
 Bring me a kettle of hot water, a glass and a spoon. 
 Is that your niece, Thorne? I don't believe I've ever seen her before. 
 She's come to help Lady Scatcherd. 
 Oh. 
 Has Louis arrived yet? 
 His train must be in. He won't be long. I'm sure of it. 
 Thank you. 
 To be beaten by four votes seems very harsh. 
 There'll be a rematch before too long. 
 Sir Roger did not look as if he would ever make it to Parliament. 
 Would you run again, Moffatt? 
 I think not. 
 How do you do? 
 Hm. 
 Ugh. 
 Miss Dunstable leaves in the morning. It must be tonight. 
 But, aunt -- 
 Frank, do not let me down. 
 I have promised your Mama your family is saved. 
 Isn't that what you want? 
 Of course. 
 Then, into the breach with you. 
 Just as soon as that tiresome young man relinquishes her. 
 These people! They accuse us of toadying, but it seems to me they are the toadies. 
 Oh? Have I been accused of toadying? 
 You know what I mean. Miss Gresham wishes to live well on my fortune. 
 Her brother aims to buy back his estate with yours. 
 That has put me in my place. 
 Why don't you and I join forces? 
 We could make a noise, and no mistake. 
 Oh, you've cheered me up, Mr Moffatt. 
 I have refused Lord Porlock, but one proposal seemed a poor return for a whole week in the country. 
 Now at least I can claim two. 
 Two refusals? 
 I'm afraid so. 
 But be honest, Mr Moffatt. You want their breeding as much as they want your money. 
 And you don't? 
 No. 
 I'd like a man who thinks like a gentleman, but whether he is one or not doesn't matter much to me. 
 There is your moment. 
 You! Where are they? 
 Upstairs, Sir Louis. 
 In Sir Roger's room. 
 You look too fine for this kind of work as this, young lady. 
 Louis! 
 Oh, is it really you? 
 Now, steady on, old girl! 
 Don't squeeze me to death, or else you'll have no-one left to keep you company. 
 It is good of you to come. It's wonderful to see you. 
 I say. 
 That looks pretty scrappy, guvnor. 
 Wouldn't you rather have something stronger? 
 I would, Louis, boy. 
 Fetch him some brandy. I've a bottle with me if there's none here. 
 Sshh! 
 What difference can it make now, eh? 
 True enough, I suppose. 
 Give me some while you're at it. 
 The nursing standard's gone up. 
 Miss Thorne is the doctor's niece. 
 Come to help me. 
 That's good of you. 
 Can you stay? 
 Very well. If I'm not in the way. 
 I doubt you could ever be in the way. 
 What did old Moffatt want? 
 He was curious about my marriage intentions. 
 Do you have any? 
 No immediate ones. 
 You see, Mr Gresham, I would rather be courted as a woman than a bank account. 
 I don't blame you. 
 Although my aunt will be furious. 
 She's set on our union. 
 She thinks I'm proposing now. 
 And will you propose? 
 I like you much better than I thought I would. 
 And I would love to save Greshamsbury. 
 And if I were not too old for you, and if your heart were not already taken, and if, and if, and if... 
 What shall I say? 
 Say you proposed and I refused. 
 She can't argue with that. 
 But do not propose. 
 To me or anyone else but Miss Thorne. 
 I fear I may be avoiding my duty. 
 That is noble, but wrong. 
 Your duty is to your Queen and your God, I hope, but not to keeping your family in luxury. 
 Your back is straight, your arms are strong. 
 Make what you can of your life, for yourself and Miss Thorne. 
 We are the last ones downstairs. 
 How pleased you will be to be rid of us all in the morning. 
 Not at all. We're hoping to see a great deal more of you. 
 If only that could be. 
 Goodnight, Lady De Courcy. And thank you. 
 What did she mean? 
 Only that Greshamsbury will not be saved by the gold from the oil of Lebanon. 
 Thorne. 
 Can I help you, Scatcherd? 
 You know what I told you about the will? 
 I do, and it troubles me that you have not altered it, if you've done something you don't want to do. 
 I have altered it. 
 I've added a letter, what you call a codicil... 
 .. saying you, and only you, know the name of Anne's eldest child. 
 I wish. 
 I wish. 
 Never mind. 
 What? What do you wish? 
 That I could have met her once before I die. That is all. 
 The innocent girl that I made fatherless. 
 Would it mean so very much? 
 I think it would give me the strength to face what is coming, and go on my way without regret. 
 Very well. 
 I will grant your wish. 
 What? 
 She is there. 
 In the firelight. 
 Mary Thorne. 
 That is daughter of Anne Scatcherd. 
 What? Is this the truth? But... 
 Miss Thorne! 
 Can I do something for you? 
 You can cheer me with your lovely face. 
 And so you have done. 
 If only every patient could be mended so easily. 
 Would you accept the thanks of a dying man? 
 I thank you, Thorne. 
 You brought an angel into this house... 
 .. to make it easier for me to face what lies beyond the grave. 
 Go to sleep now, Scatcherd. 
 What a Sleeping Beauty scene is this? 
 How's the guvnor? 
 Come, Lady Scatcherd. 
 You were with him to the last. That is the best a wife can hope for. 
 Mary, take Lady Scatcherd to her room. 
 So, Louis, although you are now the baronet, your father spoke of you to me and... has left you... under my charge. 
 I hope you will remember you can always turn to me for comfort in your sorrow at his end. 
 Oh, don't worry about me, Doctor. 
 I have lived my whole life in the shadow of a great tree and now that tree has fallen. 
 Maybe it's my time in the sun at last. 
 Can you stay here for your mother? 
 Certainly not. 
 I will go to London from the funeral. 
 You may send whatever money is due to me there. 
 Gus? 
 Whatever is the matter? 
 He's gone. He left this for me. 
 The very devil! 
 How dare he say you did not love him? 
 Did you love him? 
 Well, whether I did or not, it isn't very gentlemanly to say so. 
 Gentlemanly? 
 There is nothing gentlemanly about him. 
 Moffat! 
 Where is that devil Moffat? 
 He left straight after breakfast. 
 Take my advice and let him go. She's better off without him. 
 I'm back, Mama. 
 Come in. 
 Did you have a nice time at the Oriels, my dear? 
 Caleb came in and we all had tea. 
 Ah. 
 You may call him Caleb to us, and, of course, when you're alone together, but don't use his name too freely. 
 No, Mama. 
 Who else was there? 
 Mary was with us. 
 Mary Thorne? 
 She'd come in from Boxall Hill. 
 We hadn't seen each other since my engagement, so Patience invited her. 
 Patience Oriel may ask whom she pleases to the Rectory. 
 But you must support your brother. 
 Surely, when I'm Mrs Oriel. 
 When you're married you may do as you wish, but you are not married yet. 
 Did she talk of Frank? 
 Yes. 
 Does he write to her? 
 No, he does not, nor she to him. 
 You wrong Mary, Mama. 
 I'm going up to change. 
 Little minx. 
 Beatrice? 
 Mary Thorne! 
 Oh, good afternoon, Lady Arabella. 
 Is Dr Thorne at home? 
 Yes, he is. 
 I'll show you through. 
 My Lady Arabella Gresham. 
 This is an honour, Lady Arabella. 
 You're aware that Mary was this afternoon having tea with Beatrice and Miss Oriel? 
 I do not believe I've congratulated you on Beatrice's engagement. 
 You see, I must take you into my confidence, Dr Thorne. 
 You know very well how I worry about Frank. 
 You are his mother. 
 And we have all, with your assistance, contrived to separate him from dear Mary. 
 With my assistance? I have given no such assistance! Nor will I! 
 Well, in sending her to stay with Lady Scatcherd, you agreed it were better they were kept apart. 
 I did not agree. 
 All I am saying is that I must do my duty by my own children. 
 Of course you must. 
 And therefore I have called to say I think it imprudent for Beatrice and Mary to spend time together. 
 You expect me now to disapprove of Mary's friendship with Beatrice? 
 I am very fond of Beatrice. I like their friendship. I am glad of it. 
 Suppose it should lead to renewed familiarity between Frank and Mary? 
 I will say only this. 
 If you wish to put a stop to their intimacy, then tell Frank, not me. 
 And cease your persecution of Mary! 
 Persecution?! 
 When I have received her all her life as if she were my own daughter? 
 Until it pleased you not to do so! 
 You forget yourself! 
 Good day, Dr Thorne. 
 Good day, Lady Arabella. 
 I've asked them to bring the horse round. 
 Though I know Louis will want something more handsome for you. 
 Don't listen to him. I love Firebird. 
 Riding him is a gentle thing. 
 But I'm afraid I've put you to a great deal of trouble. 
 Not at all. 
 You've helped me more than I can say over these past weeks. 
 I've grown used to having you with me. 
 It's time you went back to your own life. 
 Lady Scatcherd! 
 Louis's back. 
 I wasn't expecting him. 
 Oh, don't tell me she's putting you up on that damn thing again! 
 And I am very happy that she has. 
 For a person who rides like you, Miss Thorne! 
 For such a horsewoman! 
 Lady Scatcherd, it's ridiculous! 
 Don't talk so, Sir Louis, when I am perfectly content. 
 Well, I call it a crime against nature! 
 Why, properly mounted, I'd back you against anything in Hyde Park! 
 
 
 
 Joe! 
 This is Jonah, my new man. 
 Every gentleman should have a man. 
 Joe! It's empty! 
 Right you are, Sir Louis, sir. 
 I'm sorry. I can't seem to keep this steed still around your sorry excuse for a horse. 
 You mustn't abuse my pet, but, please, give your horse its head. 
 A damn shame! 
 Should you not have gone to your parents first with this news? 
 No. Because I believe it rests with you as to what I tell them. 
 Surely not. 
 Mary is owed a word on the matter, and so are they, but I've no part to play. 
 Would you object to me as a suitor? 
 Frank, you must consider carefully. 
 You are a fine fellow and any young woman would be lucky to have you. 
 Well, then. 
 It is not as simple as that. 
 Greshamsbury has been your family seat for centuries. 
 It would pain your father deeply, were he to be the Gresham to lose it. 
 You would have me follow my aunt's advice and marry Miss Dunstable. 
 Not if you don't care for her. 
 As a matter of fact I like her very much, but as a friend. 
 Not her, then. 
 Believe me, it costs me nothing to disagree with Lady De Courcy on any given topic. 
 Do you object to me personally? 
 I would be proud to call you nephew, but I beg you, consider your parents and what it means to them. 
 I am too far in, Doctor. 
 My mother asked me not to see Mary and I have kept to that, but it has altered nothing. 
 Before you speak out, there is something you should know. 
 It will not change my mind. 
 Possibly not, but you should know it, all the same. 
 You have always heard that Mary is my niece. 
 And so she is my brother's daughter. 
 But not quite according to the laws that normally govern these things. 
 Go on. 
 Forgive me, it is hard to go on. 
 For when I do, I think I must destroy the happiness of one I love more than my life. 
 Well, surely, the truth can't be so very bad, sir. 
 It is bad enough, by heaven. 
 A Mr Mortimer Gazebee. 
 Dawson, would you please send word to Mr Gresham? 
 You must be Miss Gresham and Miss Beatrice. 
 You've done your homework. I think you know my uncle, Lord De Courcy. 
 I am here as a lawyer on his recommendation. 
 He told me Greshamsbury Park was a fine place, but it is even finer than he led me to believe. 
 The question is, can it be saved? 
 Beatrice, please. 
 How can we be helpful, Mr Gazebee? 
 Would it be useful if I show you the gardens while we wait for Papa? 
 Nothing could be more so. 
 Good. 
 Beatrice will tell him what we're up to. 
 I certainly will. 
 Shall we go? 
 Lord De Courcy thinks I may be helpful. 
 Poor Papa will be grateful for any help that he can get. 
 Lady Scatcherd. 
 You've caught me unprepared, Doctor. 
 Let me see what I can offer you. 
 Stay where you are. 
 I had a message from your son. 
 How is he? If he's still drinking too much, you must exert your influence. 
 Oh, Doctor. 
 You have more say with him than I. 
 And Miss Thorne more than either of us. 
 You cut a fine figure, Miss Thorne. 
 I hope that means you'll be kinder about my trusty steed. 
 It's true, I'm a good judge of horseflesh. 
 Nobody knows more about it than I. 
 I believe you. 
 Nobody knows more about women, either. 
 You will make me blush, Sir Louis. 
 Mary is a wonderful influence. 
 But? 
 I think she should go home. 
 It's time. 
 Doctor? 
 No. 
 Sir Louis, I wish I could persuade you to drink a little less. 
 I'll give it thought, Doctor. 
 Now, the Greshamsbury title deeds. 
 You mustn't worry about that. 
 Your lawyers know all there is to know. 
 It's what my lawyers tell me that brings me here. 
 See, I gather I've more £90,000 tied up in the Greshamsbury estate. 
 Something of that kind. 
 The estate is a fine one. There is no risk. 
 What if I need the money? 
 But you don't. 
 Everyone needs money, Doctor. 
 You shall control everything in a short while, Sir Louis, and until then, I shall see that you are amply provided for. 
 And if I've a mind to live there? 
 Perhaps, but I should have thought it rather large for a bachelor. 
 Should you, indeed? 
 Now, Doctor, what would you think of my getting married? 
 I should be delighted. 
 It was your father's dearest wish that you should marry soon and well. 
 As to that, I do not think you will quarrel with my choice. 
 What would you say to Miss Mary Thorne? 
 Well? 
 Wouldn't she be a good wife? 
 Have you spoken to her? 
 Yes and no. 
 I've not exactly popped it to her, but I've been doing the civil and if she's up to snuff, she'll know very well what I'm after. 
 Well, Sir Louis, you do Mary a great honour, of course, but might it not be sensible to wait until you know each other a little better? 
 But you don't disapprove? 
 I disapprove only of hasty choices. 
 Whether we talk of Greshamsbury or my niece, I know my advice is only binding on you for a little while longer, but I urge it just the same. 
 With your permission, I will study the estate in detail. 
 There may be sources of income as yet untapped. 
 They'd need to be very lucrative. 
 Or perhaps a new system of repayment that would keep Sir Louis content for a few years. 
 I doubt it. 
 I believe his man of business is an honourable fellow -- 
 That is a matter of opinion! 
 He is the soul of honour and will do what he can, but when Sir Louis takes possession, that may not be much. 
 They say Sir Louis drinks heavily. 
 Not heavily enough. 
 Sir Louis is a strong man, Mr Gazebee. 
 He may drink too much, but he's not going anywhere. 
 Still, we have room for manoeuvre. 
 Frank? What are you doing here? 
 I didn't expect to see you before the end of term. 
 I have business to discuss with you, but it can wait. 
 No need. 
 With your permission, Lady Arabella, I will re-join you the day after tomorrow. 
 We will be delighted to see you. 
 I should have introduced you. 
 Mr Gazebee has come to advise us -- 
 As to whether there is any way to rescue the estate. 
 Are you leaving, Mr Gazebee? 
 Have they ordered you a carriage? 
 I think I'll walk. 
 It's a nice day and the country air is sweet after the soot of London. 
 You make me quite envious. 
 I would ask you to accompany me if it were not impertinent. 
 I should like to learn more about Greshamsbury. 
 I'll come if it would be useful. 
 Will you wait while I fetch a coat? 
 Of course. 
 Leaving, Mr Gazebee? When will we see you again? 
 I shall be back on Thursday. 
 In the meantime, Miss Gresham will walk me to the station. 
 So that I can learn more of the estate and its dependents. 
 What a tireless worker she is. 
 Shall we go? 
 Perhaps Miss Beatrice would like to accompany us? 
 I don't think so. Nobody knows more about the village than Augusta. 
 Thank you. 
 Good day. 
 You intend to do what? 
 To go to Boxall Hill and ask for Mary's hand in marriage. 
 Oh, Frank. 
 Frank, she has done all she could to catch you! 
 Mother, you wrong her cruelly! 
 You wicked boy! To call me cruel! 
 When you know what we need to survive! 
 I shall hate Greshamsbury if I hear one more word of what I have to do to save it! 
 So instead you'll see us turned out to beg our bread by the roadside. 
 It has not quite come to that. 
 Oh, Frank, do you wish me to die of a broken heart? 
 Mother, I'd love you to be happy. 
 If you wish to see me happy ever again, marry money! 
 No! I'd have made a fool of myself if it had not been for Miss Dunstable's good taste, and I will not do it again! 
 Which makes you an ungrateful and unnatural child! 
 Mother -- 
 Out of my way! 
 This is not sensible, Frank. 
 And there is more. 
 Mary may not know it, but her birth is unsuited to your wife and the mother of your children. 
 So Dr Thorne told me when I went to him this afternoon. 
 But it makes no difference? 
 Should it? 
 I don't recall much talk of Moffatt's birth or Miss Dunstable's. 
 What else did Thorne say? 
 He told me to consider it carefully... 
 .. and talk it over with you and my mother before I gave Mary my word. 
 Did he, indeed? 
 Well, I should have expected no less of him. 
 Very well. 
 But how do you mean to support her? 
 By working. Many men do. 
 Then finish the year at Cambridge, for my sake. 
 Take your degree. 
 I will speak to Mary. 
 I can manage this, my dear. 
 I like to help. 
 It must be hard for you. 
 But these clothes will be a blessing to some poor families. 
 What are you doing in my room? 
 We're sorting your late father's clothes to give to the poor. 
 Burn them, for all I care. 
 You don't mean that. 
 I mean everything I say. 
 Just as I mean for you to let Miss Thorne and I have a moment together. 
 But, Sir Louis -- 
 Go, please, Lady Scatcherd. 
 We shouldn't be alone together, Sir Louis. 
 It is not quite right. 
 But you see, Miss Thorne, I think it is exactly right. 
 I want us to be alone together for... the rest of our lives. 
 If you take my meaning. 
 Sir Louis, of course, I'm flattered. 
 Don't say "flattered". Say... Say "delighted". 
 But I'm afraid things can never be as you wish. 
 Why not? Are you engaged elsewhere? 
 No. 
 But I'm not free. 
 You have led me on, Miss Thorne. 
 You have led me on most wickedly! 
 He has fallen victim to her wiles. 
 What is the point of talking like that, Mama? 
 You think everything is lost, then? 
 Do I think Frank will be true to Mary Thorne? Yes, I do. 
 And I love him for it. 
 Well, I do not love him for it. 
 And I will not quit the field quite yet. 
 Master Frank! 
 Oh, Master Frank! 
 Ohh! 
 Let me kiss your naughty little face! 
 You're a sight for sore eyes, you are! 
 And Lord knows my eyes have been sore since I last saw you! 
 Ohh! Ohh! 
 But, Lady Scatcherd, what will they say? 
 You forget I am a man now. 
 Not to me, Master Frank! 
 You may think what you like, you'll always be my little Master Frank! 
 Lady Scatcherd, you forget yourself. 
 Let Mr Gresham breathe. 
 You know I nursed Master Frank when he was a boy, Louis. 
 I seem to recall something of the sort, but you are Lady Scatcherd now. 
 All that is behind you. 
 It may be, but at the time we were kept alive by the charity of Master Frank's parents. 
 Without the home and wage they offered me, I don't know how we'd have managed, we two. 
 Oh, really? Where was the guvnor? 
 Your father was... away for some years. 
 He would have liked to have come home, but he could not. 
 I'm very grateful to Lady Scatcherd for remembering me. 
 As if I could forget! 
 Oh. Look at your hair. 
 How dark you are. 
 Oh! But it doesn't curl the way it used to. 
 Enough, Lady Scatcherd! 
 Enough! 
 I have come to see Miss Thorne, Sir Louis. 
 Oh, she's out riding. 
 Go straight ahead from the front door and follow that path. 
 You'll see her. 
 What does he want with her? 
 Oh, they're old friends, the Greshams and the Thornes. 
 But we Scatcherds are not old friends of the Greshams, are we? 
 What's got into you, Louis? 
 I'll make them wish they had been more courteous to the Scatcherds. 
 What has Master Frank ever done to harm you? 
 You fool! 
 He is doing it now! 
 Mr Gresham. 
 Ahem. 
 Yes, it is me, Mary. 
 I've come to pay my respects. 
 You must have thought me uncivil to stay away for so long. 
 Not at all. I didn't even know you were back in Greshamsbury. 
 And I came to Boxall to be out of the way. 
 Why should you want to be out of the way? 
 I had my reasons. 
 Have you had news of me? 
 I have. 
 But I've been taken up with Lady Scatcherd's business, dealing with Sir Roger's death. 
 I've had no time to think of myself. 
 When have you ever thought of yourself? 
 I feel so high up, here. Will you help me down? 
 Ahem. Yes. 
 Mary... 
 .. do you remember when we were last together? 
 I remember you were very foolish. 
 Then I've come to repeat my folly. 
 For all the months we've been apart, nothing has altered me. 
 Mr Gresham, there are many reasons why I am not worthy of you. 
 If you knew them all -- 
 I do. 
 Or at least I know what you think I am ignorant of. 
 Your uncle told me all about your birth. 
 That is why you must not think ill of your mother for opposing me. 
 Any mother would have done the same. 
 Mary, if you'll tell me that I'm nothing to you, then I'll go away and I'll leave you in peace and my mother may be easy. 
 Just say the words... 
 "You do not love me." 
 "You cannot love me." And I will be gone. 
 Then, Mary... darling Mary, will you please be my own wife? 
 For the truth of it is simple; I love you with my whole heart. 
 Oh, Frank. 
 We're looking for Lady Scatcherd. 
 She's only stepped out for a moment, Miss Thorne. 
 I'll tell Her Ladyship you're waiting for her. 
 Is this her sitting room? 
 It is. 
 The only place she was ever allowed her own way, poor thing. 
 Now, when you break the news to your father, you must also tell him that you will take your degree, whatever happens. 
 He thought you would say that. 
 Mr Gresham and I are old friends. 
 We always understand each other. 
 Will you honour us with your presence at dinner, Mr Gresham? 
 You're very kind, Sir Louis, but I have to get back. 
 What about you, Miss Thorne? 
 Will you be joining us, my mother and I? 
 Might I be excused? 
 I'm tired, so I'll ask for a tray in my room. 
 I've still some packing left to do. 
 Oh. 
 I don't think I can allow that. 
 Not on... Not on your last night at Boxall Hill. 
 You may have to. 
 Careful, Mr Gresham, we are not at Greshamsbury now. 
 I give the orders at Boxall Hill. 
 No-one gives orders to Miss Thorne, not at Boxall Hill or Greshamsbury. 
 I should like to know Greshamsbury better. 
 I have an interest in the place, you know. 
 Yes... I do know. 
 Oh, I'm sorry to have kept you. 
 Oh, but you're not going? 
 I'm afraid I must, Lady Scatcherd. 
 Goodbye, Mary. I'll see you when you get home. 
 Sir Louis. 
 You've frightened him off, Louis. 
 Now let's go upstairs, Miss Thorne, and I'll help you pack. 
 He'll be a lot less cocky when you boot him out, Sir Louis. 
 When he's left on the roadside outside his own gates, begging for a bit of crust. 
 You're right, Joe. 
 He'll be much less cocky then. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 