Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x01 - Episode 1 - Doctor Thorne 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x01 - Episode 1 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=587&t=25790 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/06/16 23:36 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x01 - Episode 1 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 You! 
 Sir! Thorne! 
 Stop! You stop! 
 Roger, what's in the wind? 
 My sister's honour, that's what. 
 I did not know your sister and 'honour' were acquainted. 
 You blackguard! You... 
 Get up, you coward! 
 Eh? 
 Of course I want you, Alexandrina! 
 I'm going to have all the de Courcy cousins. 
 And Beatrice, naturally. 
 And Mary. You must have Mary. 
 Aunt Arabella thinks it very important that all of Augusta's bridesmaids should be of a calibre far above the common hoard. 
 Because the bridegroom isn't? 
 Really, Beatrice. 
 Mr Moffatt is -- 
 Mr Moffatt is rich. 
 He has no other quality that is visible to the naked eye. 
 His father was a tailor. 
 His father WAS a tailor, many years ago... before he demonstrated his brilliance of mind. 
 And made a lot of money. 
 Sssh. Here is Miss Thorne now. 
 You all make a charming picture. 
 We were discussing Miss Gresham's wedding plans. 
 The date is set for the first of September. 
 Oh, Augusta! 
 How exciting! 
 Who are the bridesmaids to be? 
 Beatrice, of course, and my cousins, the de Courcys. 
 I hope you... I'm sorry if you... 
 Oh, please don't think of me. 
 I never expected it for a minute. 
 Miss Thorne is much too sensible to have imagined any such thing. 
 It's a lovely time of year for a honeymoon. 
 Where will you go? 
 Mr Moffatt talks of Paris. 
 Whoever heard of going to Paris in September? 
 Whoever heard of letting the bridegroom have a say on the matter? 
 Mr Moffatt must go where you choose to take him. 
 I'm not so sure. 
 Among ordinary people, the lady will usually have her way, but rank has its drawbacks as well as its privileges. 
 I shouldn't mind the drawbacks but I mightn't be up to the privileges. 
 I'm going to go in. It must be time to dress. 
 Augusta? 
 Once more, I have made an enemy of the Lady Alexandrina de Courcy. 
 Well, it's sad you won't be a bridesmaid. 
 What did Lady Alexandrina mean? 
 That I was too sensible to have imagined it? 
 Why shouldn't I imagine it? 
 There you are, Mama. You've missed Augusta's talk of wedding plans. 
 Mary, I'm afraid it's time for you to run along. 
 Beatrice must get changed. 
 Of course, Lady Arabella. I only looked in on my way home. 
 Give my regards to the good doctor. 
 I hope you weren't encouraging this bridesmaid nonsense. 
 She knows she won't be asked. 
 Good. 
 But why not? When she's the oldest friend we any of us have? 
 Because it is my decision. 
 Isn't it enough your sister will be Mrs Moffatt for the rest of her life? 
 I never understand you. If you think so little of her, why is Mary allowed to come here? 
 She has been in this house since you were children. 
 Why did you allow it then? 
 These things matter less with children. 
 And your father is fond of Doctor Thorne. 
 Papa always says that the Thornes of Ullathorne Park are quite as good as the Greshams. 
 And if she were a Miss Thorne of Ullathorne, it would be a different matter. 
 But who is Mary Thorne? 
 And how precisely is she related to the family at Ullathorne? 
 She is Doctor Thorne's niece, so she must be their cousin. 
 She is called his niece. 
 That is all. 
 And there's the dressing gong. 
 Come along. 
 Mary? 
 What's the matter? 
 Nothing. 
 I beg to differ. 
 Something's the matter. 
 Why didn't you wait for me? 
 I didn't wait because your mother drove me away so Beatrice could dress. 
 Besides, Lady Alexandrina had had enough of me. 
 Don't mind Alexandrina. You never have. 
 Would you like a ride home? 
 No. 
 You have a dinner to attend and with all the de Courcys to deal with, you'd better not be late. 
 These things are more relaxed in our house. 
 If my aunt gives me one more lecture on whom I should marry, I will not be responsible for my answer. 
 Oh, yes, you will. 
 You'll listen to Lady de Courcy and nod politely, or we'll never hear the end of it. 
 But it seems very hard... when we both know whom I should marry. 
 What do you mean? 
 I should marry you, of course. 
 Much more of that and I'll make you call me Miss Thorne... and if you say one more word, I won't be at your party tomorrow night. 
 Now hurry in, or you will be late and I'll be blamed. 
 You know I'm serious. 
 I know you're young. 
 I'm older than you. 
 But I'm a woman. 
 Uncle? 
 Mm? 
 What do you make of this marriage of Augusta? 
 I hope Miss Gresham shall be very happy as Mrs Moffatt. 
 And I, of course. 
 But I don't at all expect it. 
 No? 
 No. 
 I think she degrades herself by marrying a man who she does not care a jot for, who has no breeding and no charm, but only money. 
 Well... 
 So would I degrade myself by marrying Mr Moffatt? 
 How can I answer that? 
 I mean, I know where to rank Augusta. 
 What I want to know is where I ought to rank myself. 
 What's brought this on? 
 Something Lady Alexandrina de Courcy said this afternoon. 
 Lady Alexandrina is a spiteful cat. 
 Whatever she says, I wouldn't give it one scrap of attention. 
 Be honest with me, Uncle. 
 Tell me first am I a Thorne? 
 Am I, in truth, your niece? 
 You are indeed my niece, the child of my late brother Henry. That I can swear to. 
 But? 
 Mary, I would spare you this, if you'd let me. 
 I've already been spared for many long years. Too many. 
 Very well, if you're determined. 
 So be it. 
 Your mother was a village girl. 
 And, as you've already guessed, she was not my brother's wife. 
 Is she still living? 
 I believe so. In Australia. She married and has a family there. 
 But she did not want me. 
 She wanted you very much. 
 But her husband made it a condition that she leave you behind... and start a new life with him. 
 It was her chance and she took it. 
 My father did not want me, either? 
 We'll never know. 
 He died before your birth. 
 Your mother came to me with her dilemma and I offered you a home. 
 But that's wrong. 
 It is you that have made a home for me, for 20 happy years. 
 So I am not a Thorne of Ullathorne. 
 To me you are my daughter. 
 And any man who has the honour of your love should be the envy of the world. 
 Mama, I suppose you know what flirting is. 
 There was nothing very terrible in it, that I could see. 
 Have you noticed this 'flirting' before now? 
 Frank and Mary have always been close. You know that. 
 Maybe. 
 But being close at 12 is a very different thing from being close at 20. 
 Anyway, I thought you should know. 
 Quite right, my dear. 
 Honesty is the grounding of a healthy life. 
 Now, Mr Moffatt is not yet down. 
 Go back to your room, wait a few minutes and then make an entrance. 
 Frank is coming of age. 
 You can not avoid this. 
 You will not spoil Frank's party. 
 It is your responsibility to ensure the future of the estate. 
 How can I order Frank to do anything, when it is my folly that is the cause of our discomfort? 
 I'll speak to him. 
 And what good will that do? 
 You have already spoken to him many times. 
 Really, Mr Gresham, I hope our difficulties have not consumed your manners as well as your fortune. 
 I just don't see how Lady de Courcy can influence Frank to do something which he must find repugnant. 
 I will explain it is his duty to his parents, to his family and to the line from which he is sprung. 
 To marry money. 
 That's it. To marry money. 
 When I was a child, my father owned everything you could see from this window. 
 King's Hill is gone and Whitehaven. 
 And that ridge to the right forms part of the Boxall Hill estate. 
 Which you sold to the railwayman. 
 Which I sold to Sir Roger Scatcherd, yes. 
 I thought it would fund me for 30 years or more. 
 Ten years later and every penny is gone. 
 I do hope Mr Gresham doesn't imagine we can come to his aid. 
 No, indeed. 
 Mr Moffatt. 
 Ah, Mr Moffatt. 
 I do not think you've met my brother Lord de Courcy. 
 Good afternoon. 
 How do you do? 
 And, Lady de Courcy, may I present Mr Moffatt? 
 'Here comes the lover, Sighing like a furnace, With a woeful ballad Made to his mistress' eyebrow.' 
 I'm sorry? 
 The Lover, from Shakespeare's Seven Ages of Man. 
 Why would he write about her eyebrow? 
 I understand you are to be elected for the seat, including Courcy Castle. 
 Well, I am to stand for election. It is not quite the same. 
 Then you must stay, while you are canvassing. 
 We will invite Augusta and Frank and make up a party to support your efforts. 
 Me? 
 Come to stay at Courcy Castle? 
 Yes. 
 We should be delighted. 
 (I do hope there is a great deal of money involved.) 
 There is, but they're demanding a crippling settlement from us. 
 If he is as rich as you say, pay it. 
 Think of it as an investment. 
 And I will speak to Frank after dinner. 
 This is for me. 
 Not this again! 
 (Beatrice, no.) 
 Can I not comfort my own brother? 
 Leave it to your aunt. 
 Frank, don't be a baby. 
 You know well enough there is nothing else that will save the situation. 
 Except for me to marry money. 
 And how is that to be brought about? 
 Have you heard of Miss Dunstable? 
 Isn't she the American whose father sold Oil of Lebanon? 
 Oh, he sold so very much of it! 
 Her fortune is immense. 
 I suppose it must be. 
 Why is she in England? 
 The very point. 
 Why would she be in England, if not to find a husband? 
 She is coming to stay at Courcy. I want you to be there to meet her. 
 I'm studying for my degree and -- 
 Oh, fiddle-faddle! What do I care for degrees, when we are trying to settle your whole life? 
 How old is she? 
 What difference does that make? 
 30. 
 Perhaps. Or 35. 
 30 or 35?! 
 I will not remind you of the beggar's power of choice. 
 I will come to Courcy, Aunt, but I can promise nothing more than that. 
 Your turn. 
 Well done, Augusta. 
 I do not see how it could be achieved without great awkwardness. 
 We can't allow a little awkwardness to put our only son in peril. 
 But the children are devoted to Mary. I'm very fond of her myself. 
 Frank is too fond of her. 
 Too fond for our own good, if he is to marry a fortune. Do you deny it? 
 Tell Doctor Thorne to keep Mary away from Greshamsbury until Frank finds a wife, that is all. 
 You overlook one thing. 
 Sir Roger Scatcherd has made Doctor Thorne his man of business. 
 Certainly where my debts are concerned. 
 Thorne has negotiated terms for me that I would not get anywhere else in the county. 
 And is that a reason to throw away your son? 
 You are not being reasonable. 
 Oh, of course not. When did you ever think me reasonable? 
 I see I shall have to unravel the damage you have made. 
 But, then again, why not? 
 I'm quite used to it. 
 I want no trouble tomorrow evening. 
 You will not spoil Frank's party. 
 Good day, Doctor Thorne. 
 He's still in bed, Doctor. 
 There's something not right about his legs. 
 And the drinking? 
 He's got that Winterbones with him, writing and writing and doing his business. 
 Oh, please send him away. 
 If I send Winterbones away, will you keep the drink away? 
 That's not all. 
 They came to ask him to run for election. 
 Who came? 
 The local Liberals, I suppose. 
 They think Sir Roger is a big man and might catch the fancy of the town. 
 He is a big man. 
 Too big for such tomfoolery. 
 Well, well, Doctor Thorne, you've smelled me out. 
 Come for your fee, eh? 
 Glad if you're feeling better, Scatcherd. 
 Better than what? 
 I've never felt so well in my life. 
 Indeed, you ain't. That's a lie. 
 And Winterbones has no place here, scribbling away, stinking of gin. 
 Mr Winterbones should go back to London. Lady Scatcherd can be clerk for the time being. 
 Winterbones will do no such thing. So there's an end to that. 
 Doctor, don't let him talk in that way. 
 Don't. 
 You can go downstairs. 
 Go! Now! 
 Go on! 
 Stay there till I call you, you hear me? 
 Aaaaaaah! 
 Wearing my other hat for a moment... Mr Gresham asks for another loan on the Greshamsbury estate. 
 Is there any part of that left that I do not already own? 
 I believe so. 
 Shall we agree to it? 
 We? 
 It's not your decision to make. It's mine. 
 You must do without the stimulus of drink. 
 Who says I drink? 
 Eh? 
 Now, what's this nonsense I hear about you electioneering? 
 They want me to stand against the Greshams' candidate Mr Moffatt. 
 Your system couldn't stand it. 
 Well, I dare say that's true, but what gives you the right to lecture me, eh? 
 I mean, what have you ever done that I should listen? 
 I have not made my mark in public life. 
 I've built no railways. 
 I have neither fortune nor title. 
 But I have some skill in saving lives. 
 Of course, if you've lost confidence... 
 I've got no confidence in you. 
 Get a specialist from London, then. 
 And keep away from the brandy until he comes. 
 Winterbones! 
 You're to come back in! 
 Who asks me to? 
 Sir Roger. 
 Why did you bring me back up here? 
 To tell you I've made a will. 
 You already have a will and I'm an executor. 
 You were one of two executors. 
 Now... you will be alone. 
 
 
 
 Are the provisions the same, for Lady Scatcherd and Louis? 
 Not quite. 
 My wife will be looked after, but this house, the Greshamsbury mortgages, the shares, the money will all go to Louis Philippe. 
 What? All of it? 
 And as it is, Louis Philippe can have Greshamsbury, if he chose to call in the loans. 
 And what would the great Lady Arabella do if he did? 
 She would be sad. 
 And so would I. 
 So are you going to the Greshams' ball tonight? 
 I've been invited, yes. 
 I have not. 
 No, no card for me, though I own the walls that support them and the floor they dance on. 
 Yeah, Louis hasn't been asked either, though young Master Frank will dance soon enough to Louis's tune. 
 He'll certainly have a great responsibility to discharge. 
 Don't worry about Louis. 
 And there are no other major bequests I shall have to deal with? 
 Not unless Louis dies before he's 30, in which case, it all goes to my sister's eldest child. 
 What? 
 My sister Anna. You remember. 
 Of course you do. 
 How could I not? 
 You have been good over the years, Thorne, about not resurrecting that tragedy. 
 I know you're sorry for it. 
 As sorry as a man can be. 
 But, say again, 'her eldest child'? Be more specific. 
 Do you mean her eldest son? 
 Have you no name? 
 I know she has a family, but names, boys or girls, ages, they're all lost to me. 
 If it is a girl, so much the better. 
 And if it is, I would hope that you would be of a concern about her husband, hm? 
 How have you described them? 
 'The eldest child of my sister's body.' 
 Cheer up. 
 You may die before me, in which case I'll have to look after your niece and find her a husband. 
 Ho-ho! 
 Aaaah! 
 The Reverend Mr Oriel and Miss Patience Oriel. 
 How good of you to come, Mr Oriel. Miss Oriel. 
 I'm only sorry we couldn't accommodate you for dinner. 
 We feel very privileged to be invited. 
 Don't we, Patience? 
 Indeed we do. 
 Well, please... 
 It is nice to have a gentleman vicar, again. 
 I never felt poor Trump was quite up to the mark. 
 His sister is a pretty girl. 
 And I gather she has money. 
 But not enough for our purposes. 
 That's a nice-ish nag your father got you this morning. 
 I was taking a look at him before dinner. 
 He's a Monsoon, isn't he? 
 Indeed he is. 
 Do you remember Lady Arabella's nephew, Lord Porlock? 
 My Lord. I haven't seen you since you were a boy. 
 Well, it was a good ten years ago. 
 Where's Mary? 
 She's outside. 
 Excuse me. 
 Mary, why are you so unkind to me? 
 Indeed, I do not mean to be. 
 Then come and dance. 
 It would not be appropriate. 
 Not appropriate to dance with the girl I'm going to marry? 
 Let go of me. 
 Please. 
 I will let you go. 
 I will never ask you to marry me again. 
 If you say here and now you do not love me. 
 Frank? 
 Mama is looking for you. You're to open the ball. 
 Good. 
 You shall open it with him. Unless Mr Moffatt would object. 
 So what if he did? 
 But Frank won't want to dance with me. 
 No, I want to dance with -- 
 Has Miss Oriel arrived? 
 I believe so. 
 Then ask her to dance. 
 You can't object to that. 
 Not when she's so pretty. 
 Come along, Frank. 
 You haven't asked me about my visit. 
 I suppose Sir Roger was very demanding, as usual. 
 Yes, he was. 
 And yet I am fond of him, in some strange way. 
 We have been through a good deal together over the years, what with one thing and another. 
 What things? 
 Things that might have made us enemies and yet they have not. 
 I thought it was vulgar to be mysterious, so you always tell me. 
 May I have the honour of the next dance? 
 Well, my uncle is very tired. 
 Can the next one be my turn? 
 I'm afraid Mr Oriel has just asked me. 
 Do you ever wish we had money? 
 Only so you wouldn't have to tire yourself out, by going to places like Boxall Hill. 
 Ah. 
 Is that all you want? 
 I wouldn't mind a bonnet like the one Patience Oriel wore in church. 
 Do you care about bonnets? 
 Well, why shouldn't I? 
 Back there, why wouldn't you dance with Frank? 
 How could I accept him when Mr Oriel had asked first? 
 Was that the only time he asked you, in the whole evening? 
 Uncle, you have told me yourself I am not worthy of Mr Gresham. 
 I've told you no such thing. 
 You confuse me with the Lady Arabella. 
 I see. 
 And if you were Lady Arabella, would you be pleased for your only son and heir to marry a nameless b Don't say that word. 
 Not to me. 
 Very well. 
 But you will agree it is harsh to criticise her ladyship for what you would feel yourself. 
 But will he authorise the payment? 
 I should think so. He's in a sour mood at the moment, but he never refuses a loan against this house. 
 Good. 
 Mr Gresham, it's not good. 
 You owe Scatcherd more than three-quarters of the value of the estate. 
 And he is changed. 
 I only wish Lady Arabella had seen fit to invite him to the ball. 
 The truth is, he was rather bitter that neither he nor Master Louis had been included. 
 It is a pity that you lost the chance to be good neighbours. 
 The question is... will Louis Scatcherd be merciful to me when his hour comes? 
 I cannot say. 
 But if his father insists on running for election, that hour may come sooner than we think. 
 Hm. 
 I will leave you now, but I'll return again. 
 Good day to you. 
 Doctor Thorne! 
 Lady Arabella, good afternoon. 
 Won't you come in here a moment? 
 I'm so glad you came here today, for there is something... special I want to say to you. 
 Something, erm... rather particular. 
 You know what respect and esteem and real affection we all have for you. 
 And for Mary also. 
 So I very much hope, dear Doctor, that you won't take amiss what I am going to say. 
 I'll endeavour not to. 
 Let us not beat about the bush. 
 You know the squire's position when it comes to the property. 
 Indeed, you probably know the sums rather better than I. 
 There has been reckless spending in years gone by. 
 Racing and gambling, to say nothing of keeping those noisy hounds for no good reason. 
 All of which means that Frank will inherit a hollow crown. 
 His only hope of retrieving the situation is by marrying money. 
 And worth, Lady Arabella, and a pure heart and youth and beauty -- I hope he will marry them all. 
 Indeed. 
 But there must be money, or Frank will be a ruined man. 
 You would not want that. 
 Certainly not. 
 Good. 
 Because I have heard that things... 
 That is, words have passed between Frank and Mary... that should never have been allowed. 
 What things? What words? And who says so? 
 Doctor, there have been lovemakings of a very advanced kind. 
 What took place? 
 Speak out, Lady Arabella. 
 I won't have Mary's conduct impugned by innuendo. 
 What is it that the eavesdroppers have heard? 
 What's this accusation? 
 There has been an offer made. 
 And who made it? 
 Of course Frank has been imprudent. I don't deny it. 
 There has been fault on both sides, no doubt of it. 
 I do doubt it. 
 I deny it totally. 
 I can assure you an offer was made by Frank and such an offer cannot be without its allurements. 
 'Allurements'! 
 All I am saying is that it would be inexpedient for the young people to be thrown together again, just now. 
 Would it? 
 Frank is at Courcy now and he goes from there to Cambridge, but when he next returns home, perhaps it would be better if -- 
 Don't worry. Mary will not set foot among you from this very moment. 
 But it must not change the friendly intercourse between you and this family. 
 The squire would not wish -- 
 Not change it? 
 Do you think I would break bread in a house from which my niece has been banished? 
 You have daughters. 
 Would you sit down with me if I'd accused one of them as you have accused her? 
 Good day to you, madam. 
 Who is that man with Moffatt? 
 His agent Mr Cossett. He manages Mr Moffatt's campaign. 
 I think you might call him Keith. 
 Don't hurry me. 
 Is he going to win? 
 He says so, but he seems unwilling to explain his views to the voters, which can hardly be sensible. 
 What's this? There you are, Frank. 
 Why? Where should I be? 
 Don't be such a quiz. 
 Now, here is Miss Dunstable. She's only just arrived. 
 I shall introduce her. 
 And later, you may take her into dinner. 
 Should I propose tonight (?) 
 Behave. 
 May I present my nephew, Mr Gresham? 
 Frank, Miss Dunstable. 
 Come along, Porlock, and help me with the tea. 
 You, too, Augusta. 
 Augusta! 
 I hope you're not tired by your journey. 
 Tired? 
 Why, in May we came from Rome to Paris without once sleeping in a bed. 
 We were tipped out of the sledge three times coming over the Simplon Pass. 
 I daresay I can manage a train journey from London. 
 I daresay you can. 
 Besides, I'm looking forward to discovering my lovers here. 
 Your lovers? 
 Oh, I always have some lovers in pursuit at a large house party. 
 Before I leave, I shall receive three proposals at least. 
 Unless I'm mistaken, Lord Porlock is boiling up to make one of them. 
 Does it surprise you? 
 Not in the least. 
 Do you think me so very fair? 
 Of course. 
 Come, Mr Gresham. We both know it is not my beauty but my dollars that renders me lovely in their sight. 
 Won't you admit it? 
 You've heard he's agreed to run against that Mr Moffatt at the Barchester election? 
 Mr Gresham told me of the plan. 
 When I was last here, Sir Roger thought it was as mad a plan as I did. 
 He wants to put the Greshams' noses out, though I don't know why. 
 It's insanity and I've said as much. 
 He could not find the energy to stand upright at the hustings. 
 He means to do it, though. 
 You see the family at Greshamsbury, do you not, Doctor? 
 Often. 
 How's Master Frank? 
 Master Frank is 'Master Frank' no longer. 
 He is 21 years old and a fine, strapping fellow. 
 You know I was his nurse? 
 I'd forgotten. 
 Between him and Louis, I could not tell you which I loved the most. 
 You can be proud of Frank Gresham, I assure you. 
 But, for now, help me talk your husband out of his folly and keep him in bed. 
 Oh, Doctor. 
 There's no keeping Sir Roger anywhere he doesn't want to be. 
 I fear it, truly. 
 What's this I hear about your standing for election? 
 I thought we'd agreed it was out of the question. 
 Oh, you mean you don't think I can win. 
 I think you may very well win against Mr Moffatt but, if you do, it may be at the cost of your own life. 
 Well, I've a mind to wipe that smile off the Greshams' faces. 
 They don't smile very much these days, I can assure you. 
 To what do I owe this free visit? 
 It's about your will. 
 Well, go on. 
 Your will specifies that your second heir is your sister's eldest child. 
 Only if Louis dies before he is 30, which he will not. 
 I'm sure, but the point is... I know your sister's eldest child. 
 What? 
 You remember my late brother? 
 I'll remember him to my dying day. 
 Then you must also know that your sister's eldest child was his child, too. 
 But that baby died. 
 No. 
 She did not. 
 Anna came to me in prison before she went to Australia and told me that child was dead. 
 Your sister wished to sever any connection between her daughter and you, or anyone else so that the girl could grow up in peace and no-one know her true identity. 
 But now I would not have you make her your heir unintentionally, so... I thought it right to tell you. 
 Do you see her? 
 I do. 
 And does your other niece Mary know of her cousin? 
 I don't trumpet it abroad, but Mary knows your sister's daughter well. 
 Better than I do. 
 And is my niece a good girl? 
 She's an excellent person in every way. 
 So when can you bring her to meet me? 
 Well... she's very busy. 
 Oh, she's a servant girl, is she? 
 Not exactly, but she does work hard. 
 Well, I must meet her. I must make peace with my past. 
 I cannot promise it. 
 You cannot stop me, Thorne. 
 Now that I know that she's alive, I will find her and I will tell her who I am. 
 That's my right. 
 Scatcherd, I'm not your wretched wife! 
 I say you have no rights over that young woman and I will not be bullied into acquiescence! 
 So, have you taken the temperature of Barchester, Moffatt? 
 Cossett tells me we're on course. 
 Does he, indeed? 
 He's not afraid of old Scatcherd, then? 
 Sir Roger Scatcherd's been ill for some time. 
 Cossett doesn't think he'll make an appearance and if he does, it won't be impressive. 
 You will canvas though, nonetheless? 
 Oh, yes. Cossett is confident he has good canvassers. 
 He should have asked Mr Gresham. 
 He seems to be better than any of us at canvassing. 
 I would not mind Miss Dunstable's vote, you may be sure. 
 Why? Does she have property in Barchester? 
 Mr Moffatt, shall we take the time to talk a little of our plans? 
 I really should work on my speech. 
 Of course. 
 If you need any help... 
 Mr Moffatt! 
 Come this minute and make up a hand at whist! 
 I hope my enthusiasm excuses my lack of skill, Lady Alexandrina. 
 Not a bit. At your first mistake, I shall rap you on the knuckles with my fan. 
 You have been warned. 
 You know how Alexandrina loves to tease. 
 It doesn't mean anything. 
 Would you like a game of whist? I could recruit Frank. 
 (No, don't disturb him. Leave him to his work.) 
 But why should Miss Thorne back off from you now? What has changed? 
 My mother is quite against Mary, that is clear. 
 And my father is no match for her. 
 They would rather you marry me. 
 It's not a compliment. 
 If my bride was possessed of 10,000 a year, they wouldn't care if she had horns and a tail. 
 Well, if you'll take my advice, you'll be true to her. 
 If Greshamsbury is sold and I must take work as a lumberjack... 
 Well said. 
 Mary, I've decided it's time that you knew everything. 
 I've told you that your father seduced your mother. 
 I'm afraid there's no other word. 
 When her condition could no longer be concealed, she confessed to her brother. 
 He was enraged on her behalf. 
 As any decent man would be. 
 He was decent in his way, but he was also... strong and violent... and one night, when he was in drink, he came upon my brother and struck a blow... that killed him. 
 My father dead at my uncle's hand. 
 Is my birth to encompass every sin? 
 It wasn't his intention and the court knew it. 
 He went to prison, not for murder, but for manslaughter and he served ten years. 
 Is the man who committed the crime still alive? 
 It's why I've chosen to tell you. 
 I heard something about him returning to the neighbourhood and I fear it is in search of you. 
 Do not fear it. He is my mother's brother. 
 He has a right to know me. 
 He could be very rough in those days. 
 If he does contact you, please tell me at once. 
 I will. 
 And thank you. 
 What for? 
 For showing me that Lady Arabella was even more right than I knew. 
 I am no match for Frank and never could be. 
 And now, dearest Uncle, good night. 
 Mary? 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 