Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x05 - Caleidoscope - Perception 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x05 - Caleidoscope https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=118&t=15851 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 07/25/13 17:20 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x05 - Caleidoscope 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 What's this? 
 So, I know you like to act like it's just another day, but that would be a cardinal sin in the Lewicki house, so... 
 Happy Birthday, Doc. 
 Thank you, Lewicki. It's... 
 Very thoughtful. 
 Right. Well, um... 
 I'm gonna start getting ready for class. 
 Natalie : You forgot, didn't you? 
 What sadist decided that we should celebrate the inexorable march toward death, anyway? 
 It's not sadism, Daniel. 
 It's an excuse for people in your life to show you they care. 
 Yeah, don't care, Natalie. I haven't since I was a kid. 
 Correction... you don't celebrate. 
 You haven't since you were diagnosed. 
 Thank you for pointing that out. 
 [Blows] 
 There's the birthday boy! 
 Paul, I don't want to make a big thing about it. 
 Oh, too late, buddy. I've already made arrangements for Thursday night, courtesy of none other than Gilbert Didion. 
 I don't know who that is. 
 The Enfant Terrible of Franco-Pacific cuisine. 
 He's opening a new restaurant in Wicker Park. 
 I don't like crowds. You know that. 
 It's a Chef's table, Daniel. 
 A private dinner for a few select gourmands to sample the menu. 
 This is a major hook-up, if I do say so. 
 Well, I'd love to, but I have an exam to prepare for Friday. 
 No, you don't. 
 [Cellphone vibrating] 
 Phone. [Beep] 
 Kate. 
 Save your breath, Daniel. I won't take no for an answer. 
 Paul... 
 Not listening! 
 Thursday at 7:00. I will pick you up. 
 [Mockingly] No, you don't. You didn't have anything. 
 His name's Kurt Simpson. 
 Three weeks ago he was found in a motel room in Three Rivers, Michigan, shot twice in the chest. 
 Did I hear it was your birthday? 
 Vicious rumor. 
 So, what? Local authorities couldn't find a suspect? 
 No, the crime scene was clean. 
 This guy was a loner. He didn't have any friends, no family. 
 Just a job managing the Tip Top Buffet in Portage. 
 Well, there's your motive. The guy ran a community trough. 
 Anybody lose a loved one to E. Coli recently or swine flu? 
 No. 
 But yesterday the cyber unit found a civilian complaint that was filed against Simpson a few weeks before the murder, in "Caleidoscope". 
 Turns out this guy did have a life, just not in the real world. 
 Go back. "Caleidoscope"? 
 I'll let Fleckner explain. 
 Fleckner : Technically, "Caleidoscope" is a massively multiplayer online social game. 
 But you can think of it as Facebook in 3-D. 
 I think of it as a delivery system for attention-deficit disorder. 
 Right, because video games cause A.D.D. 
 That's an old wives' tale, man. 
 Fleckner, don't engage. 
 Oh, really? Really? 
 Are these old wives responsible for the overstimulated Limbic System and the stunted social growth, too? 
 Daniel. 
 What? I can't ask a question? 
 Listen, a "Caleidoscope" user creates an avatar to represent himself as he explores the Virtual Universe. 
 It's just like real life. 
 He can shop, travel, start a business, build a house. 
 Or, as in the case of our murder victim, commit identity theft. 
 Fleckner, that was your cue. 
 Oh, sorry. Yeah, MPresario. 
 Based on information from the game developer, we know that this is Kurt Simpson's avatar. 
 According to our online tipster, our murder victim was using "Caleidoscope" to sell stolen credit-card numbers. 
 Stolen, no doubt, from the unfortunate patrons of the Tip Top Buffet. 
 How do you "virtually report" someone to the FBI? 
 You use a virtual billboard. 
 Of course, it's completely impossible to monitor everything online but, at least people know we're just a click away. 
 Which brings us to Jeremy108. 
 In the real world, he's Jeremy Nordhoff. 
 He's 22. He lives in Chicago. 
 About a month ago, he clicked on one of our billboards in "Caleidoscope" and filed a report against MPresario. 
 A month ago? I thought the Internet was supposed to make everything faster. 
 Do you know how many online tips we get? 
 I got to Nordhoff as soon as I could. 
 And then I ran a check, and I found out that MPresario, A.K.A. Kurt Simpson, had just been killed. 
 So it's game on. 
 Fleckner's looking into Simpson's online accounts. 
 Meanwhile, I called Jeremy Nordhoff to see what he knows. 
 And? 
 That's where I'm gonna need your help. 
 Why? 
 Because according to Jeremy's mother, he hasn't spoken a word to anyone in five years. 
 Jeremy was always shy and nervous around other people, and then one day he just... 
 Decided not to come out of his room. 
 17 years old. 
 I thought it was because he was afraid of his father. 
 But then Gary left, and it just got worse. 
 And that's when he stopped talking? 
 And he hasn't left the house since. 
 Look, I'm not a computer person. I don't know what Jeremy does online. 
 But he's extremely fragile. 
 And unless you've got a magic spell... 
 He's not gonna talk to you either. 
 Sweetie. 
 These are the people from the FBI I told you about. 
 Hi, Jeremy. I'm Daniel. This is Kate. 
 Hello. 
 You, uh, mind if I sit down? 
 You don't have to say a word to us. 
 But Kate does have to ask you some questions about the complaint that you made. 
 So if you want to answer "yes," why don't you hit the... 
 "Y" key and the "N" for "no," okay? 
 Oh! It's okay, Sweetie. Nothing to worry about. 
 Mommy will clean it up. 
 You should see me at home. I'm like a bull in a China shop. 
 Jeremy, the avatar that you reported to the FBI, MPresario, in real life, he was a man named Kurt Simpson. 
 Three weeks ago, he was murdered. We're trying to figure out who did it. 
 Do you know of anyone else who is connected to the credit-card scam? 
 Just "Y" or "N". 
 [Breathing shakily] 
 I think he's having a panic attack. 
 Jeremy? Jeremy, just listen to my voice. 
 Oh, no. No, no, you don't. Go. Please. 
 I... Mrs. Nordhoff... 
 Out! 
 I'm right here, Sweetie. Let's breathe together. 
 In... 
 Take a kid with social anxiety disorder, add an abusive father... 
 Who then abandoned the family. 
 I have to go in there and talk to him. 
 Didn't we just try that? 
 No, I mean I have to go in that... 
 Game where he's apparently able to communicate. 
 The kid needs therapy badly. 
 Yeah, well, he also may have information on a murder. 
 You can't just go online and have a conversation with him. 
 Why not? 
 Because the rules are different. I mean, cyber has to monitor everything. 
 There are approvals, paperwork... 
 How long is that gonna take? 
 A couple hours. 
 Day at the most. Try to be patient. 
 Daniel : Could you hurry up, please? 
 It's a process, okay? I have to create your avatar. 
 All right, so... 
 Who is the virtual Daniel Pierce? 
 Make it whatever you want. And please don't ever ask me that again. 
 Well, Doc, an avatar is a form of self-expression. 
 It's who you are outside the limits of the real world. 
 Lewicki, I don't exist outside the limits of the real world! 
 Well, okay, sometimes I do, but I'd rather avoid that if possible. 
 Well, my avatar looks like M.J. 
 Jordan? 
 Jackson. Old school version. 
 I also have a virtual car like the one in the "thriller" video. 
 When he turns into the Werewolf... 
 How often do you... 
 No, never mind, I don't want to know. 
 Just make the avatar like me. 
 Only without the, uh... 
 Gray hair? 
 Exactly. 
 What about clothes? 
 Definitely. 
 But what kind? 
 I don't care, Lewicki! 
 All right. Okay. Uh... 
 You're getting dark jeans and a leather jacket. 
 Oh, check this out. 
 This place you're going to, the Prism Lounge, they have karaoke. 
 So? 
 So you should sing a song! 
 I'm not gonna sing a song, Lewicki. 
 Come on, Doc. You love to sing. 
 Not in front of people. Or cartoons. 
 If you're not gonna participate, then what's the point? 
 I just want to understand the appeal for Jeremy. 
 [Sighs] 
 All right, well, use this to talk. 
 Unless you'd rather type. 
 Okay. 
 Now what? 
 Now you find someone interesting and start a conversation. 
 I know how to mingle, Lewicki. How do I move? 
 Use the arrow keys. 
 [Beeping] Yeah? 
 Okay. Uh... 
 Just yell if you need me. 
 You know how to do that. 
 [ Mid-tempo music plays] 
 Hm. 
 Jeremy definitely doesn't come here for the music. 
 Hey. That's my girlfriend. 
 Oh, sorry um... 
 She's a little flat. 
 Flat? She's a 36D! 
 I meant tonally. 
 What? 
 Never mind. 
 You think you can do better? 
 Than a 36D? Not without surgery. 
 [ Laughs ] 
 And w-who gets defensive about their girlfriend's virtual boobs? 
 Okay, you are officially hilarious. 
 Can I buy you a drink? 
 You want to buy me a drink? 
 Yes. In case you hadn't noticed, you're in a bar. 
 No, actually I'm in my kitchen. 
 If I want a drink, I can shuffle over to the fridge and pour myself a glass of milk. 
 That doesn't sound like much fun. 
 Maybe not, but it will quench my thirst. 
 Look. "Caleidoscope" is a fantasy. 
 If you're gonna come here, you really should just... 
 Buy in. 
 Just for a moment. 
 Turn off the voice in your head telling you not to trust what you see. 
 Get rid of all your distractions. 
 A beautiful woman is standing in front of you... 
 Offering a few laughs and... 
 Some intelligent conversation. 
 You're handsome. 
 And mysterious, and you look great in that leather jacket. 
 All you have to do to make it real... 
 Is use your imagination. 
 And if you can do that, who knows? 
 We might end up having an amazing time. 
 If you decide you're interested, I'll be at the bar. 
 Okay. 
 Okay, I'll have a Martini, very dry. 
 And none of the cheap stuff. 
 A man with refined taste. I like that. 
 Do they have any of those little virtual hot wings? 
 I'm starving. 
 [Chuckles] I don't know. 
 But you probably shouldn't drink on an empty stomach. 
 Why? Because I might get drunk? 
 And then I might have to take advantage of you. 
 On second thought, less food. More booze. 
 Max : Doc? [Chuckles] 
 Doc? 
 What? 
 What? What? 
 It's Kate. 
 Daniel, where are you? 
 I'm in my kitchen. 
 In my house. 
 Oh, that's funny. 
 Because there's an avatar that looks and sounds exactly like you in the Prism Lounge right now. 
 The Prism Lounge? I don't know what... 
 I told you not to go looking for Jeremy! 
 You could compromise this entire case! 
 I am not compromising anything. I'm just doing research. I'm a scientist. 
 Who is working for the FBI. 
 Okay, now, don't do anything else without me, I'm coming in. 
 What do you mean... 
 Hey? 
 Hello? Are you coming back? 
 Sorry. I uh, had a phone call. 
 No distractions, remember? 
 Actually, my friend is coming here to meet me. 
 Oh. Who's your friend? 
 Well, looks like you have your hands full. 
 She part of your "research"? 
 Oh, no, no, no, you don't get to ask me any questions till you explain this little ensemble of yours. 
 Oh, yeah. Fleckner built my avatar. 
 I feel like I let one of my little brother's friends dress me. 
 Yeah, the really cool one. 
 Oh, our guy just showed up. 
 Ooh. Well, hello, Jeremy. 
 [Indistinct conversations] 
 He not only communicates in here. 
 He's popular. 
 Hmm. 
 Hey. 
 Welcome to the Prism Lounge, guys. 
 What's your pleasure? 
 Jeremy, we're the people who came to see you at your house earlier today. 
 We thought it might be easier to talk this way. 
 Can, uh, we go somewhere more private? 
 I'm sorry about what happened at my house. I wish I could have kept it together. 
 We could see how hard you were trying, Jeremy. 
 The thing is, I don't really know that much about MPresario's credit-card scam. 
 It was just a rumor I overheard in the bar. 
 Do you remember who said it? 
 No. 
 MPresario created the Prism Lounge, so, I mean, there was always chatter about him. 
 Chatter about crimes, or... 
 Not exactly. 
 He liked people to think that he was some kind of gangster. 
 He'd always talk about how he was, you know, "connected" to "certain businessmen," but I don't know if any of it was true. 
 But you reported him anyway. 
 Yeah, I was angry. 
 He kicked me out of the club. I didn't really think about what I was doing. 
 Daniel : What do you mean he kicked you out? 
 He put a block on my avatar. So I literally couldn't enter the club. 
 Why would he do that? 
 He thought I was trying to hit on his girlfriend. 
 This avatar named Krystalline. 
 And were you? Hitting on her? 
 No. I just talked to her. That's all. 
 I can't do that in the real world. 
 I sent MPresario a couple of messages to explain, but by then he had already blocked me. 
 So how did you get back into the club? 
 The block just disappeared after a couple weeks. 
 And thank God for Krystalline. 
 I figure she must have talked some sense into him. 
 Can you give us a minute? 
 Sure. 
 Really? 
 Don't. 
 How would you feel if I came back to your house for a visit? 
 I don't know. I just don't want to freak out again. 
 I could bring someone to help with that. 
 Have you ever talked to a therapist? 
 We can't afford it. 
 My mom gets disability because she has to take care of me, but it doesn't cover insurance. 
 What if I could someone that your mom could afford, someone to help you back to the real world? 
 I'm not sure the real world is such a great place. 
 Jeremy, this is imaginary. 
 I mean, it's amazing but... 
 In reality, the waves crash on the rocks. 
 The wind gives you goose bumps. The ocean smells like salt. 
 It's all the stuff that tells us we're alive, don't you want that? 
 "Caleidoscope" isn't imaginary, Dr. Pierce. 
 It exists. 
 It's just a different kind of reality. 
 I pulled up our victim's virtual girlfriend, Krystalline. 
 Yeah. 
 Not exactly sure what she knows about the murder, but it's pretty obvious she's knowledgeable about certain other... 
 Easy, Fleckner. Where's the I.P. Address lead? 
 Jacksonville, Florida. Real name is Ashley Richards. 
 Hmm. Looks like I'm getting on a plane. 
 Kurt and I fell in love in "Caleidoscope". 
 I think we knew right away that we wanted to be together, but it took us about six months of sitting up all night, chatting. 
 Before we got up the guts to make our plan. 
 What kind of plan? 
 To run away together in the real world. 
 He said he had to do a big business deal to set us up. 
 Then he just disappeared. 
 Who was the deal with? 
 He didn't say. 
 [Voice breaking] He really loved me. 
 Even after we exchanged photos. 
 Ashley, did Kurt ever say he had any enemies? 
 Anybody who wanted to hurt him? 
 Oh, I know someone who wanted to hurt him. 
 My psycho ex-husband. 
 Dave : Well, I guess Ashley didn't tell you about how I found out about them. 
 No, she didn't. 
 I come home from work one night... 
 14 hours breaking my ass on the new job site... 
 And she's sitting in front of her laptop, candles, glass of wine... 
 Watching her cartoon have s*x with his cartoon on a yacht. 
 Is that when you threatened MPresario? 
 "MPresario". [Scoffs] Yeah. 
 I joined "Caleidoscope," found him in his virtual bar, and told him I was coming to his house and putting my fist through his face if he didn't stay away from my wife. 
 So how did you track down his real-world address? 
 I didn't. I was just trying to scare him. 
 Of course, it turns out the prick was connected. 
 What do you mean, "connected"? 
 He knew people. 
 Couple days later, I got jumped by a bunch of Asian guys. 
 Yeah, they got their licks in. 
 And put a gun in my mouth and told me to stay away from their boy. 
 So here I am. 
 Ain't love grand? 
 [Sighs] 
 No. No. 
 No, no, that's just... 
 [Beeping] [Sighs] 
 [Beeping continues] 
 
 
 
 [Doorbell rings] 
 [Groans] 
 Daniel? 
 Keep your distance, Paul. This might be contagious. 
 What is it? What's the matter? 
 Stomach bug. 
 Hit me about half an hour ago like a truck. 
 I think I'm gonna have to miss dinner. 
 [Sighs] 
 Well, do you want me to stay, maybe get you some medicine? 
 No. No medication. No, no, no, no. I think I just need to... 
 Ride this out. 
 Things are gonna get [Grunts] real unpleasant around here for a while. 
 So rain check, okay? I'll call you when I feel better. 
 [Keyboard clacking] 
 [Beep] 
 [Indistinct conversations] 
 You made it. 
 [Chuckles] 
 I hope this hasn't caused any conflict with your tattooed friend. 
 No, wait. Actually, I hope it does. [Chuckles] 
 My tattooed friend is just someone I work with. 
 Aha. 
 Artists? Music critics? [Chuckles] 
 I hate to kill the fantasy, but, uh... 
 I'm a college Professor from Chicago. I know that's not quite as sexy... 
 No, careful, mister. I'm a teacher, too. 
 Second grade. 
 Really? That's great. 
 I love my kids. 
 But after being bombarded by 7 year olds all day, it's nice to escape. 
 Shake things up. [Chuckles] 
 Speaking of which. 
 "Caleidoscope" is our virtual oyster, so... 
 We could go snowboarding or... 
 Mining for precious metals on an asteroid. [Laughs] 
 There must be something that you've always wanted to do. 
 [Intro to "You May Be Right" plays] 
 ♪ Friday night, I crashed your party. 
 ♪ Saturday, I said I'm sorry. 
 ♪ Sunday came and trashed it out again. [Feedback] 
 ♪ I was only having fun. 
 ♪ Wasn't hurting anyone. 
 ♪ And we all enjoyed the weekend for a change. 
 ♪ And I think of all the years, ♪ you tried to find someone to satisfy you. 
 ♪ I might be as crazy as you say. 
 ♪ If I'm crazy, then it's true... 
 ♪ That it's all because of you. 
 ♪ And you wouldn't want me any other way. 
 ♪ And you wouldn't want me any other way. 
 ♪ You may be right! 
 ♪ I may be crazy. 
 ♪ Oh! But it just may be a lunatic you're looking for. 
 ♪ Oh! But it just may be a lunatic you're looking for. 
 ♪ Turn out the light. 
 ♪ Don't try to save me. 
 ♪ You may be wrong for all I know... 
 ♪ But you may be right. [Cheers and applause] Oh! Two words... "Big Tito". Kurt Simpson talked to this guy more than anyone else in "Caleidoscope". And get this... all their messages to each other were encrypted. So they're hiding something. The entire credit card operation. Big Tito was Kurt's buyer. Wait, you decrypted everything? This is what I do, Kate. Big Tito's I.P. Address traces back to a house in Fort Wayne, Indiana. The name on the lease is Quang. Quang? Wait a second. Big Tito is Asian? A couple of the guys in the house are on probation. Probably connected to those thugs who beat up Krystalline's ex-husband. Maybe they eventually went after Kurt Simpson, too. I'm gonna go have a little talk with Big Tito. Daniel : I'd like to the meet the guy that took the time to re-create the entire Moulin Rouge. That was incredible. The last few days have been amazing. I'm sort of terrified at the pile of work that's waiting for me, though. Oh. Right. Reality. Know where I've always wanted to go? Kanazawa-en. In Kyoto. The last Emperor's garden. Built as an altar to his wife. I can't believe you know it. Of course I know it. It's probably one of the most... Both : Beautiful places in the world. Would you take me there sometime? I'd love to. Of all the virtual juke joints in all the world, you wandered into MPresario's. I thought it was the Prism Lounge. It is. But MPresario is the guy who owns it. Friend of yours? No, not really. I haven't seen him in a while. He probably had to go back to the real world, too. I hope that you think this is real. Max : [Clears throat] Lewicki! How long have you been standing there? Not long enough to see anything. Not that there was anything to see. Kate just brought in a suspect. Which one's Big Tito? Those are Big Tito's brothers. [Banging] Mai : Girlfriend is starving in here! At least hook me up with a pastry! This is Big Tito. Kate : So we've got the stolen credit-card numbers that MPresario sent you over the last five months. And we also have the online wire transfers that you made into his bank account. But here's where I'm gonna need your help. About a month ago, MPresario tells you that he wants to double the price and be paid in cash so there's no money trail. So? So he was trying to squeeze you. But instead of trying to negotiate, you just arranged a meeting with him in the parking lot of your high school to give him the cash. Now, why would you just roll over like that? Lady... I'm 15 years old. This whole thing was a goof. An after-school job. We found the credit-card-stamping equipment. You are the point person of a major identity-theft operation. Mai, I have seen your brothers' records. Armed robbery. Assault. You're the smart one in the family. You wanted MPresario to think that everything was cool because the meeting... Was a setup, wasn't it? Watch this. [Door opens, closes] I just decrypted your backup drive. Pretty sweet. This is from your brother, Vinh. "Problem solved. "MPresario won't be jacking up no more prices. L.O.L". It's dated the day that Kurt Simpson was murdered. Your brothers were hiding in the parking lot when MPresario showed up for the cash. But instead of killing him there, you told them to follow him back to Michigan where they could kill him under the radar, didn't you? No, my brothers jumped him right there to teach him a lesson! They left him bloody, but he was alive. Kate : She is lying. I mean, look at these photos from the crime scene. Those were taken the same day that Simpson met up with the Quangs. And there's no bruising on his face. I know. Nobody beat him up. So why is she copping to something that never happened? I have no idea. But I've got her nailed on the identity theft. I'm gonna keep grilling her and her brothers on the murder. By the way, you look exhausted. You should get some rest. I wish I could. I got a class. Okay, well... Don't wear yourself out. Daniel. Hi. Ileana? Oh, no, no, no. You're a hallucination. [Chuckling] What? I'm sorry. You... You look exactly like I'd imagined. Oh, well, I guess I look like my avatar. So do you. How... how did you find me? Well, you said that you were a college Professor in Chicago, and your initials are D.J.P. So that narrowed it down. And I'm just outside Milwaukee, so it was an easy trip. [Chuckles] Oh, God. I'm sorry. I was so excited to meet you, and I... I didn't even think about how you might feel. And I... Yeah, I suddenly I realize how inappropriate this is. I should go. Please don't. I'm really glad you're here. I'm assuming this means you're not contagious. Oh, Paul, I want you to meet... That was some pretty unconvincing theater the other night. I don't know what it is with you, Daniel. I mean, I get that you value your privacy. And you've got your misanthropic tendencies, and that's all fine. But I cannot for the life of me understand what could be so bad about sharing one lousy meal with an old friend. I'm sorry, Paul. I got to go. Daniel! Is that really a good idea? I wouldn't be doing it otherwise. You just hallucinated your virtual girlfriend. Natalie Vincent, are you jealous? I'm concerned. You're not sleeping. You've abandoned your routine. You know where this leads, Daniel. No, I don't. With you unable to tell the difference between the real world and this land of make-believe. It's not gonna happen. It's already happening. You did the same thing when you first met me. You're falling in love with an idealized version of a real person. It's not the same thing! You're... you're a hallucination. I know that. Ileana is a real person sitting at a computer somewhere. We have a real connection and... To me that's worth the risk. [Keyboard clacking] Hi. Hey. How long have you been here? I don't know. An hour maybe? I really wanted to see you. Listen, uh... The other day when you asked me to take you to Kanazawa-en someday, were you talking about real life? I don't know. I just said it. Well, what if I asked you to go with me? Would you? I'm afraid that you would be disappointed. I don't exactly look like my avatar, D.J. No, I don't care about that. I... D.J.? You don't look like your avatar. Wait. What's wrong? I'm sorry. I have to go. Kate. Kate. We were wrong. Mai Quang wasn't lying. There was a beating in that parking lot, but her brothers didn't know what Kurt Simpson looked like. They just knew MPresario, his avatar. So you think they beat up someone else? Yes! Simpson must have sent someone else to pick up the cash for him. I don't know if that person had something to do with the murder or not, but I'm telling you, Mai and her brothers didn't. Daniel, let's just take a breath. [Exhales sharply] Kate? What is it? Oh, no. I'm stuck in the game. [Echoing] Daniel? [Echoing] Lewicki! Lewicki, get... get me out of here! [Distorted voices] Lewicki! Daniel, I told you. The rules are different here. [Woman laughs] Daniel. Daniel, it's me. It's me. Daniel, it's me. It's me. See? We're here. Everything's okay. No. No, no, no. No, I'm stuck. I got to get back to reality. I have to talk to the real Kate. This is all real if we want it to be. No, it isn't, no matter how much we want it to be. Natalie was right. This... This place isn't good for me. You're not good for me. I can't see you anymore. You're not real! I'm sorry. Ileana, I'm sorry. Jeremy, please, you have to help me. Tell me how to get out of here. Sorry. I didn't see that. Lewicki : Doc? Doc? Doc? Is this real or... or "Caleidoscope"? This is the real world. Are you okay? I got to see Kate. Right now? Why? Mai Quang's brothers didn't beat up Kurt Simpson. They beat up Jeremy Nordhoff. Kate : Daniel, it's impossible. Jeremy Nordhoff can't even leave his room, let alone drive to Fort Wayne, Indiana, to get beat up by the Quang brothers. Now, what am I missing here? Imagine somebody literally took your life away. What would you be willing to do to get it back? It was like my life was suddenly just over. Every day, I would wake up. And check to see if MPresario responded to my messages or lifted the block, and then I'd go back to bed. And without the club, without my friends, there wasn't any reason to get up. Why did MPresario let you back in? Like I said, I figured it was Krystalline's doing. No. No. You said he thought of himself as a gangster. So? So gangsters don't just give you what you want, not without getting something they want in return. Simpson was supposed to pick up $20,000 from the Quang brothers, men he knew were violent. So he wanted someone else to pick up his cash for him. But who in their right mind would do something that dangerous? They'd have to be completely desperate... Like the kid he kicked out of the club who was begging to be let back in. I had him lift the block before I left. I knew that it would go back on if I didn't come through, but if I did, I didn't want him screwing me over. Kate : After so many years in your room... What made you think that you could just leave or drive a car? Nothing. I was terrified. In fact, for a while, I was pretty sure I couldn't do it. But I knew that it was my only shot. And then suddenly, I got to the car, and it was easier. I mean, I haven't driven since I was 17, but I remember liking it. Just being alone, enclosed... It's like being in my own world. So I drove to where I was supposed to meet them. But when I got out of the car again, it turned into a nightmare. [Grunting] At some point, you took a hard blow to the back of the head on the right. Yeah. How did you know? The glass you knocked over. Trauma to the back right side of the brain can affect the left visual field. Tito don't like when people get greedy, bro. Keep it in mind. I don't know how long it took me to get up, but eventually I did. And then you drove home? Jeremy? I drove home that night... but I didn't stay. I got my mother's gun, then I got back in the car, and I drove to the motel in Three Rivers. And you shot Kurt Simpson? All I could think was that guy set me up. And since I didn't get his money, he had an excuse to block me again and to keep me from the one place where I can actually have friends. You're damn right I shot him. I didn't have a choice. [Door opens] Stephanie: You might have called. I'd rather not repeat what happened the last time you tried to talk to him. We're here to arrest Jeremy. He has confessed to the murder of Kurt Simpson. He what? Is he in his room? No, wait. Just wait. This is impossible. I mean, Jeremy isn't capable of doing something like this. Why? Because he hasn't left the house in five years? You must have noticed when he came home bruised and bloodied, with your gun, in your car. You didn't mention that the last time we were here. You're an accessory to murder, Mrs. Nordhoff. I don't know what kind of revenge plot he's cooked up for you, but he lives in a fantasy world. I mean, the Prism Lounge, the bartending... Anything that he says in there is just part of his imagination. I thought you said you didn't know anything about what Jeremy did online. I don't. Yes, you do. Jeremy is not the only one living in a fantasy world, is he... Ileana? I joined "Caleidoscope" months ago, when I realized Jeremy was spending all of his time there. I just wanted to keep an eye on him. And he never knew Ileana was really me. Ha! Yeah. That makes two of us. Daniel... You lied to me. When you realized that we found Jeremy in "Caleidoscope". You used Ileana to get close to me. That's not true. Oh come on, you were trying to keep tabs on the investigation. Okay, I was, but I... Which means that you... You were either trying to protect Jeremy or s... Someone else. You said yourself he's not capable of murder. That leaves you. I want you to try to imagine... What you would you do if your boy was afraid of the world, and one morning all of his fears came true. I didn't even know he'd left the house or that he could. Seeing him in that state was the worst moment of my life. I held him till he stopped shaking. I cleaned him up. I dressed his wounds. And then I had him type out the whole story, everything that happened. And when I realized this MPresario person had set him up... Something inside me just snapped. No! [Groans] Did you tell Jeremy what you did? I told him everything was back to normal. Well, he must have figured it out, because he confessed to protect you. What happens to Jeremy if I go to jail? He can't take care of himself. I'll make sure he gets the help he needs. It's time to go, Stephanie. Stand up, please. Hands behind your back. I want you to know... I didn't realize who you were until your partner showed up in "Caleidoscope". No, we don't have to... No, no. You're funny and cynical and sensitive. And I don't expect you to believe me, but... My feelings for you were real. I meant it when I said I couldn't see you. I'm here for professional reasons. There's a patient I'd like you to see. It's someone I can't help. [Knock on window] Daniel. I'm sorry about my birthday, Paul. [Sighs] I know it doesn't make up for the famous Chef guy, but... I was hoping you'd join me for... One lousy meal. Take a good look at the person sitting closest to you. What do you see? A rival? An ex-lover? The guy who thinks you don't know he copies your notes every class? Would it surprise you to learn it's mostly a fantasy? We get to know people by taking a few small clues, that we have about them. And processing it all through a neural filter laden, with our own personal biases. We rely on our mind to fill in the blanks of their identity. But who the people in our lives really are... Their essence... That's in their brains, not ours. The reality is, until the next high-school dropout from Silicon Valley invents a way for us to literally plug in to the brains of another person. We can never really know who they are. All we can do is arm ourselves with what we know to be true... Our feelings. Love, anger, longing, happiness, fear, friendship... These are the brain's guidance system. It's true north. And if we can manage to trust them... They can usually help us find what we're looking for. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 