Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x02 - Faces - Perception 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x02 - Faces https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=118&t=15838 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 07/18/12 01:46 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x02 - Faces 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Daniel : So, I went fishing this weekend. 
 Caught a huge striped bass. 
 This big. 
 [ Laughter ] 
 We're having it mounted in my office. Isn't that right, Mr. Lewicki? 
 Uh, whatever you say, Doc. 
 [ Laughter ] 
 All right. So, even if my soon-to-be form teaching assistant didn't roll over on me like a rat in a bad Mafia flick, you'd know I was lying. 
 Why? 
 Because it's a fish story. 
 But if I was a better liar... 
 I'd have a huge advantage. 
 Studies show the most convincing liars land the best jobs, make the most friends, and get all the hot women. 
 So if I was really good at it, would there still be a way for you to bust me? 
 A polygraph, maybe. 
 [ Beeping ] 
 Kate : Did you discover a male intruder in your home last night? 
 Yes. 
 Do you know the identity of this man? 
 No. 
 Did you see his face? 
 Yes. 
 Can you describe it? 
 No. 
 A polygraph's not a bad tool, but it only measures stress response. 
 In this class, we're interested in what goes on in the brain. 
 And if we were to put someone in an FMRI machine and watch what happens when they make up a lie, …we'd see their Dorsolateral Prefrontal cortex light up like a Christmas Tree... 
 [ Laughter ] 
 Because we use our brains when we lie. 
 We use our brains when we're being lied to. 
 But... 
 Can the brain ever lie to itself? 
 Max : All right. So you've got office hours from 1:00 to 3:00, and don't forget the meeting with Dean Haley and that Hathaway guy at 4:00. 
 Get me out of it. 
 Oh, okay. 
 Okay, so you want me to lie for you now? 
 Think of it as practice. 
 For what? 
 For landing a new job when I fire you for not getting me out of the meeting with Dean Haley. 
 Doc, that doesn't make any sense. 
 It's a paradox, Lewicki. It's not supposed to. 
 Oh, my goodness! Oh, God! I'm so sorry. 
 [ British accent ] In a bit of a hurry, aren't we? 
 I'm gonna pay for your dry cleaning, okay? 
 My fault. I wasn't looking where I was going. 
 In fact, could we please make the lady another? 
 No, it's fine. 
 I insist. 
 [ Sighs ] Chamomile tea. 
 Good choice. 
 I don't think you need any more caffeine. 
 Actually, the tea is for a friend, and I can handle my caffeine just fine. 
 Thank you very much. 
 How about your liquor? 
 Excuse me? 
 Well, seeing as I'm buying the tea, I thought maybe you could buy me a real drink. 
 7:00's good for me. 
 Thank you for the tea, and again, I'm very sorry about the shirt. 
 Daniel. 
 Daniel : Kate. 
 What, am I on some sort of government watch list? 
 Not yet. 
 Herbal tea. No milk, no sugar. 
 Now, I know you didn't come all the way over here just to bring me tea. 
 Meet Frank and Olena Prentice. 
 Looks like he won the lottery. 
 Actually, she cost him a bundle. 
 Mail-order bride from the Ukraine. 
 People actually do that? 
 Yeah. Why? Are you in the market for a wife? 
 No. 
 "Eastern Bloc Introductions". 
 They arranged for Frank to fly to Odessa to meet with prospective brides. 
 Before you know it, wedding bells. 
 But Frank has to come home while they wait for Olena's visa. 
 Immigration problems. 
 Then he gets a call from her broker saying it's gonna be another 100 grand to get Olena into the states. 
 Now, Frank doesn't have that kind of cash. 
 So then the broker offers him alternative financing. 
 Code for "loan shark". 
 Exactly. 
 So Frank gets his new bride, but he can't keep up with the payments. 
 So then the loan shark tells him that they're going to take Olena and make her work off the debt. 
 I'm guessing we're not talking about a nice office job. 
 [ Chuckles ] Alexei Tupelov. 
 Suspected of running the largest prostitution and loan-sharking operations in the Midwest. 
 The Bureau's been trying to nail this guy for years, but no one will testify. 
 He also happens to own Eastern Bloc Introductions. 
 So it's a front company. 
 Yeah. 
 We think that the loan shark's one of Tupelov's boys, and last night he made good on his threat. 
 Frank comes home, sees a blue Camaro parked right outside his house. 
 He goes inside. There's an intruder. 
 They fight. 
 The guy smashes Frank over the head with a lamp. 
 The live-in maid comes home from her night off, finds Frank unconscious, calls the cops, but Olena is already gone. 
 [ Scoffs ] 
 Poor girl. 
 Yeah. 
 How can I help? 
 Here's the thing. 
 Frank can't give us a description of this guy, even though they were face to face. 
 Well, you said the intruder hit him over the head. 
 That could certainly affect his memory. 
 That's why I brought this to you. Frank's memory is fine. 
 He can describe everything that happened last night in perfect detail, so how is it that he can't tell us what this guy looked like? 
 [ Beeping ] 
 What the hell is that thing? 
 Whole-body-imaging scanner. 
 It wasn't here last time. 
 Yeah. New Security protocols. I'll meet you on the other side. 
 [ Beeping continues ] 
 [ Indistinct conversations ] 
 [ Classical music plays ] 
 [ Beeping intensifies ] 
 Daniel! 
 Daniel! 
 Daniel! Where are you going? 
 Do you have any idea the health risks those things pose? 
 Wh... That? That's perfectly safe. 
 According to who? Some government regulatory body? 
 Like I really trust Uncle Sam to look out for my well-being. 
 Okay, listen, what exactly is it that you're afraid of? 
 Skin cancer, thyroid disease, mutated sperm. 
 M... Mutated sperm? 
 Not to mention the violation of privacy. 
 I'm not about to let some $10-an-hour rent-a-cop check out my testicular region. 
 Okay. You know what? 
 We're gonna do this the old-fashioned way. 
 You're really enjoying this, aren't you? 
 Mr. Prentice, you told the police that you struggled with the intruder for more than a minute, that you were face-to-face the whole time. 
 Any distinguishing features or characteristics? 
 Well, I told them I've never been too good with faces. 
 The intruder... Was it the same man you've been paying off? 
 Maybe. Well, they were about the same size. 
 But the guy that shakes me down usually wears one of those orthodox crosses... 
 A gold one on a chain around his neck. 
 What does your wife look like? 
 You got pictures of her. 
 What does she look like to you? 
 Blond... 
 Good-looking. 
 She got a good body. 
 D... Do you really think I'm gonna spend all that money to bring her over here if she's not hot? 
 The husband's a real charmer. 
 We find this girl, and then what? 
 She has to go back to that? 
 Here. Put this on. 
 Kate : Why? 
 Just do it. 
 Okay. 
 And take these. 
 We're in the middle of an interrogation. 
 What's going on? 
 Go with me on this. 
 Now, let's do something about that hair. 
 Frank, this is Miss Jones. She's a sketch artist. 
 She's gonna come up with a composite of the man who attacked you. 
 I sure as hell hope you're more help than that last girl. 
 You don't recognize her? 
 Why? 
 Have we met? 
 It's sensory impairment called prosopagnosia... 
 Also known as "face blindness". 
 Even though Frank's vision is perfectly normal, he can't recognize faces. 
 He probably couldn't pick his own Mother out of a lineup. 
 Because of the blow to the head? 
 It can be caused by damage to the Fusiform Gyrus, but Frank said he'd never been good with faces, which means it's probably congenital. 
 Wait a second. This guy's had this bizarro condition his entire life, and he doesn't know it? 
 How's that even possible? 
 Most Prosopagnosiacs develop unconscious strategies for recognizing the people they know... 
 The way they dress, the context they see them in, their voice. 
 Great. 
 Well, according to Frank's statement, the intruder never spoke, so even if we find the guy, our witness can't I.D. him. 
 Mm, Frank spoke to the loan shark at least half a dozen times. 
 He'd be able to recognize his voice. 
 We find the loan shark, get Daniel to help Frank I.D. him. 
 We grill his sorry ass until he tells us where Olena is. 
 Can I go now? 
 Frank couldn't pick anybody out of the photo array. 
 How do we know which one of Tupelov's guys to haul in? 
 How about we drop off Daniel back at campus and go find you a wife? 
 We know that your company is a front for Alexei Tupelov. 
 [ Slavic accent ] He's an investor. So? 
 So, you two are running quite a scam... 
 Rich American men foot the bill for pretty young girls to emigrate. 
 Then you shake the husbands down. 
 And if they don't pay, you force their immigrant wives into prostitution. 
 That's ridiculous. 
 Olena Prentice... 
 One of Tupelov's boys threatened to take her as collateral, and now she's missing. 
 That sounds like conspiracy to commit kidnapping and extortion to me. 
 Does that sound like extortion to you, Roger? 
 It does, as a matter of fact. 
 I don't know anything about kidnapping or prostitution. 
 And if you ask me, Olena went back to Ukraine. 
 You think she went home? Why? 
 A few weeks after she got here, she called me to say that Frank was very mean to her. 
 He did not let her leave the house. 
 So she wanted out. 
 So you helped her, of course. 
 [ Sighs ] 
 I'm a marriage broker, not a marriage counselor. 
 I told her to stick it out, to stay a few years, then divorce him, take his money. It's the American way, right? 
 There is an innocent young girl missing who came to this country trying to make a better life for herself. 
 You are responsible for bringing her here, and you couldn't be bothered to help her when she asked. 
 What do you want from me? 
 I want the name of the man who was shaking Frank down. 
 What makes you think that I... 
 If you don't give me a name, this place is gonna be swarming with I.C.E. Agents, U.S. attorneys, I.R.S. 
 You will go to federal prison, kicking yourself for not cooperating with that nice girl from the FBI when you had the chance. 
 Kate : Yuri Petrovich? 
 Special Agent Moretti, FBI. 
 Oh, FBI, huh? 
 I must be moving up in the world. 
 We're looking for a missing woman... Olena Prentice. 
 I got all the women I need right here. 
 [ Cellphone rings ] 
 Never heard of no Olena. 
 Yeah, that's funny, because you've been shaking down her husband, Frank, threatening to turn out his wife. 
 [ Chuckles ] 
 Roger : Okay, thanks. 
 A body matching the description of Olena Prentice was just found in a landfill out by Midway. 
 Congratulations, Yuri. You just became the prime suspect in a murder investigation. 
 Paul, you wanted to see... 
 Daniel! Perfect timing. Come in. Say hello to Dr. Michael Hathaway. 
 I've been trying to convince Michael to bring his talents to the South side and become the newest member of our esteemed faculty. 
 It's an honor. 
 Right. 
 Right...You're the uh.. 
 Famous self-help Sage to the stars. 
 Well, my academic specialty's behavioral science, of course. 
 The "Sage" part was my publicists' idea. 
 I fought them on it, but it moved some books, so what do I know? 
 You know, Michael's had a New York Times bestseller three years running. 
 Is that right? 
 I've read all your books. 
 Yeah, in fact, when Paul rang with his offer, I said I'd only consider it if it meant a chance to work with you. 
 Uh, I read your last book, too. 
 It was brilliant... W... Wasn't it, Daniel? 
 No. No. I... I thought it was a muddled mess of shoddy research, junk science, and pedantic platitudes, but I hope you enjoy your time in Chicago. 
 If you'll excuse me, I have some actual scholarship to attend to. 
 Right. 
 [ Classical music plays ] 
 Doc. 
 Doc. 
 Oh, I went to the damn meeting. What the hell else do you want from me? 
 Agent Moretti called, says they want you to help I.D. a suspect. 
 [ Sighs ] 
 All right. Get the car. I'll get my coat. 
 Man : [ Slavic accent ] Hello, Dr. Pierce. 
 May I help you? 
 Maybe I can help you, Professor. 
 Friendly advice… Won't cost you nothing. 
 It's better for everyone... You, especially... 
 If you don't help FBI on this case no more. 
 [ Scoffs ] 
 How do you know I'm... 
 We have many friends, even at FBI. 
 You have a mole. 
 [ Chuckles ] 
 A mole. 
 We're not KGB, but, yes... 
 I suppose you could say this. 
 I hear you are a very smart man, Professor. 
 So I think you know... 
 It is not healthy for you to work with these people. 
 After all, you don't want to also disappear, do you? 
 [ Door opens, closes ] 
 Do any of these men remind you of the man who threatened to hurt your wife? 
 Anything stand out? Hands, hairline, posture? 
 Number 2. 
 Why him? 
 I recognize that widow's peak, those scrawny, bowed legs. 
 I want that b*st*rd to pay for what he did to my wife. 
 Kate : That's good. It's the same guy whose voice you I.D.'d. 
 Daniel, can you testify in court that the visual I.D. is valid despite Mr. Prentice's condition? 
 Daniel. Yes or no? Is the I.D. solid? 
 Yes. I... I'll stand by it. 
 I'm gonna lay it out for you, Yuri. 
 You got priors… Pimping, extortion, assault. 
 Frank Prentice just fingered you as the man who threatened to abduct his wife. 
 She disappeared. Now she's dead. 
 What do you make? 
 $40,000, $45,000 a year? 
 You're a hot little spinner. 
 Come work for me. You could earn some real money. 
 An innocent girl was killed, Yuri. 
 Now, in addition to the fact that it really pisses me off, it's also murder during the commission of a felony. 
 Do you know what that means? 
 Death penalty. 
 And I for one am not gonna be crying at your funeral. 
 But maybe... 
 You didn't mean to kill her. 
 Yeah, the medical examiner says that she died from a blow to the base of the skull. 
 Maybe she was trying to get away. 
 Maybe she fell, hit her head. 
 Now you're only looking at involuntary manslaughter. 
 You might only do 18 months. 
 You're offering me a deal, just because you're sweet on me? 
 You're too small for me, Yuri... 
 In more ways than one, I would bet. 
 [ Scoffs ] 
 No, I want something bigger. 
 I want Alexei Tupelov. 
 Oh. [ Chuckles ] 
 Bitch, what are you smoking? 
 I rat out Tupelov, I might as well get the death penalty. 
 Okay. 
 We've already got you on the extortion. 
 It's up to five years for each count. 
 I hope you enjoy your stay at Marion. 
 Roger : Do you think he's gonna give us Tupelov? 
 It would help if we could connect him to the crime scene. 
 Any luck on the blue Camaro? 
 Yuri drives an Escalade. 
 [ Sighs ] 
 I doubt Yuri and his boys would be stupid enough to commit kidnapping in a registered car. 
 [ Classical music plays ] 
 Everything all right, Dr. Pierce? 
 Yes, I'm fine. 
 That pendant. 
 Yuri Petrovich has one just like it. 
 Well, I grew up with a lot of the guys in Tupelov's crew. 
 That's why I was picked for the task force. 
 So, what do you think? 
 Did Yuri really kill Olena? 
 Who else could have done it? 
 Well, let's just say some friends of mine would be very grateful if you didn't help Moretti pin this murder on Yuri. 
 You're the mole. 
 No. Not me, Professor. 
 But you're right. There is a mole. 
 Who? 
 Daniel. 
 Give you a lift back? 
 Yeah. 
 Great. 
 Sure. 
 Natalie : You're being threatened by a Russian mobster, and you don't bother mentioning it to Kate? 
 Why not? 
 Because he's probably a damned hallucination... 
 The same as the lady Agent turned out to be. I just... 
 I don't want Kate to think I'm bonkers. 
 Well, if you're so convinced that he wasn't real, why do you keep looking out the window?! 
 Because I might be wrong! 
 W.. What if there really is a goon out there waiting to break my kneecaps? 
 Daniel, you and I both know that feeling threatened by a criminal conspiracy straight out of a spy novel is classic schizophrenic delusion. 
 What's more plausible.. That there's a fiendish plot with mobsters and corrupt FBI agents or that you're imagining it? 
 Thank you for being here. 
 That's what friends are for. 
 You said this thug told you that it wasn't healthy for you to keep working for the FBI. 
 It sounds like a manifestation of your anxiety about getting involved with these cases, because you know they get you off your routine and trigger episodes. 
 He also said I might disappear. What's that about? 
 Last time you checked into Rexford, you didn't tell anybody where you were.. 
 Your friends, your students. 
 You just disappeared out of their lives. 
 So, I'm not afraid of Ukrainian gangsters so much as orderlies with butterfly nets? 
 You're not going back to the hospital. 
 You have me, you have Lewicki, and you're managing your condition. 
 [ Sighs ] 
 Some days I manage better than others. 
 Your symptoms are more acute when your subconscious is working on a problem that it can't quite solve. 
 The Ukrainian guy said there was a mole. 
 Now, it's not the Agent, obviously. 
 Well, maybe it's a riddle. What's a mole? 
 A spy, an imposter, someone who hides in plain sight. 
 But there's another kind of mole.. 
 The kind that burrows underground. 
 Moles are blind. 
 
 
 
 [ Knock on door ] 
 Do you know what time it is? 
 Yuri didn't kill Olena Prentice. 
 Wha.. 
 What? You woke me up at.. 
 3:18 A.M. 
 To accuse me of trying to coerce a confession out of an innocent man? 
 That scumbag is anything but innocent, but that does not make him the killer. 
 Okay, Daniel. If the lying, pimping, sadistic felon who threatened to abduct Olena didn't kill her, then who did? 
 Her husband. 
 He passed a polygraph. 
 He's face-blind! For all we know, he... 
 He killed his own wife without realizing it was her. 
 But you just proved that prosopagnosiacs can I.D. people by their voice or their posture or whatever. 
 He would have known his own wife. 
 Maybe she was wearing some kind of disguise. 
 [ Laughing ] 
 What is this? Is this, like, a spy novel? 
 Don't... I'm just... 
 I'm just saying... I'm just saying it's possible. 
 Okay, Daniel. Why would Olena have been wearing a disguise? 
 I don't know. Maybe she was trying to get away from him. 
 You said yourself how awful he is. 
 The marriage broker did say that she wanted out. 
 You see? You see? So she runs away. 
 Frank realizes that... That his prized possession is gone, after all the debt he's run up and threats he's endured from Yuri... All of it for her. 
 So he tracks the ungrateful bitch down, and he kills her. 
 Except there's a flaw in your theory. 
 If Frank killed his wife for the reasons that you just laid out, he would have known that it was her who he was killing, and he wouldn't have passed a poly, face-blind or not. 
 Right. So, uh, Frank thought she was kidnapped, so maybe he didn't realize that she'd run away until after he took the polygraph. 
 Then... Then he figures out the truth, and he tracks her down, and he kills her. 
 Nice. 
 Except the medical examiner puts her time of death before he took the exam. 
 Okay. So… So... The… The... 
 Okay. Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. 
 No, I just.. You know.. Go.. Go back to that. 
 I'm sure you'll sleep the sleep of the just knowing that.. 
 That the puzzle's been solved and that you've nailed the right guy for the murder. 
 Well, I am awake already. 
 Well, then, let's go. 
 I'm gonna put some pants on first. 
 Your apartment's nice. 
 [ Slavic accent ] May I help you? 
 Special Agent Moretti, FBI. This is Dr. Pierce. 
 And you are, uh, Masha, the Prentices' housekeeper, correct? 
 Yes. Come in. 
 So, you're the one who found Mr. Prentice unconscious? 
 Yes. 
 Come home from movies. 
 See him on floor with blood. 
 First I think he is dead. 
 And Olena? 
 I call ambulance. 
 Then I look for her. She's not here. 
 I see you're packing. 
 I send Olena's clothes to her sisters in Ukraine, then I find other job. 
 You won't be staying on with Mr. Prentice? 
 Olena speak little English. They hire me so I translate. 
 Now she's gone. 
 Olena didn't have any family here in the states? 
 She have Cousin.. Paulina. 
 She come here to visit before I work here, but.. 
 Mr. Prentice not like her, tell her to go away. 
 Doesn't sound like Olena was very happy with Mr. Prentice. 
 Mr. Prentice not let her go anywhere. 
 He say it is not safe, but he work always until very late. 
 Until I come, Olena was alone. 
 Did he ever hurt her? 
 Sometimes he hit her. 
 Do you think it's possible she wasn't kidnapped... 
 That maybe she ran away? 
 But... 
 There was Ukrainian man arrested for her murder, no? 
 Daniel. 
 "Thanks for taking care of this, baby. 
 Hugs and kisses. Jolene". 
 Who's Jolene? 
 I never hear this name. 
 Well, whoever she is, Frank's paying her credit-card bills. 
 [ Door opens ] 
 Jolene Grey? 
 I'm Special Agent Moretti. This is Dr. Daniel Pierce. 
 Thank you for agreeing to come talk to us. 
 I'll tell you whatever you want to know, but, please, don't tell my husband. 
 Okay. 
 You cooperate with us, and, uh, we'll do what we can to keep things discreet. 
 Thank you. 
 Now, this is some tab you've run up here. 
 Fancy hotels, jewelry, cash advances. 
 I lost my wallet a few months ago. 
 Someone must have stolen my I.D. and opened this account. 
 Yeah, see, that's not really the way identity theft works, Jolene. 
 Criminals run up tabs under someone else's name, and then they don't pay the bill. 
 I'm telling you, these aren't my charges. 
 My husband took away my credit cards last year. 
 So you got another one.. Paid for every month with checks from Frank Prentice's business account. 
 I don't know any Frank Prentice. 
 I thought you were gonna cooperate, Jolene. 
 Now, according to your cellphone records, you've called Frank several times a day for the past few months. 
 I'm on a family plan. My husband pays the bill. 
 So you got a second phone, reserved for a special caller. 
 After all, you wouldn't want Frank's number showing up on your husband's bill. 
 Or maybe you were jealous of Frank's wife. 
 Maybe used one of those cash advances to pay someone to make Olena Prentice disappear. 
 I don't know what you're talking about. 
 Check out those heels. 
 Must have cost her a fortune. 
 Tell me the truth, Jolene. 
 Where did you get those shoes? 
 Daniel? 
 They're beautiful. 
 Thank you. Marshall Field's. 
 Did you pay cash for them? 
 Yes. How did you... 
 Well, your husband took your credit cards. 
 Jolene, do you sometimes buy things to make yourself feel better... Clothing or jewelry? 
 [ Crying ] I am so sorry. 
 And did you need those shoes so badly that you stole money to buy them? 
 Yes. 
 I thought that's what this was about. 
 I'll pay back every penny. 
 Please. Don't tell my husband. 
 Compulsive buying disorder. 
 Roger : One of our agents showed Jolene's photo to the desk clerk at the hotel where the gold card was used. 
 Said he's never seen her before. 
 But a different woman checked in regularly using Jolene's name, met Frank there. 
 Both women have black hair, but according to the desk clerk, the other one is "way hotter". 
 I was right the first time. "Mole" means "imposter". 
 What are you talking about? 
 Maybe this imposter got herself a wig or a dye job, did something to make herself look enough like Jolene's driver's-license photo to fool anyone who didn't look too closely. 
 She made charges every Tuesday and Thursday last month at a place called the Red Rabble. 
 That's a bar off I-90. 
 And today's Thursday. 
 [ Rock music plays in distance ] 
 That's right, Professor. I'm following you. 
 How do you like my new American car? 
 Kate : Daniel? 
 What's going on? 
 Look. 
 A blue Camaro. 
 The same type of car parked outside of Olena's the night she disappeared. 
 Excuse me! 
 Hi, everybody! 
 Listen, I... 
 Was backing up in the parking lot, and I kind of sort of hit a blue Camaro. 
 So whosever car that is, I will totally pay for the damage, and I am so sorry. 
 Yeah, that's my car. 
 How bad is it? 
 It's pretty bad. [ Chuckles ] 
 FBI. You're under arrest. 
 [ Patrons murmuring ] 
 I didn't... 
 What for? I didn't... 
 Just come with me. Come on. 
 I was there, but I didn't kill Olena. 
 I loved her. 
 I got a side gig installing satellite dishes. 
 It pays for my music. 
 A couple months ago, I put in a dish at Olena's house. 
 She was lonely. 
 We talked and started seeing each other. 
 She would never spend the night. 
 She always had to get home before Frank did. 
 She told me that she was gonna leave him. 
 Well, maybe you realized that was never gonna happen, so you got angry and you killed her. 
 No! No, she was supposed to come over and never showed. 
 She didn't pick up her phone. 
 I got scared that Frank maybe found out about us and maybe he hurt her. 
 I drove over. 
 No one answered the door, so I broke in. 
 But Olena wasn't there. 
 And then Frank came in. 
 And he turned on the lights. 
 He rushed me, so I grabbed a lamp and I hit him. 
 And then I got the hell out of there. 
 That's a very compelling story, Jake, except it doesn't explain one thing. 
 How does Jolene Grey fit in? 
 Who? 
 Super-hottie, black hair. 
 Comes to see you play every Thursday night at the Red Rabble. 
 Lots of people come to hear us. 
 Are you thinking what I'm thinking? 
 Except Jolene was having an affair with Olena's husband, Frank. 
 Now, it cannot just be a coincidence. 
 I bet you know who the mole is now. 
 I don't know any Jolene Grey. 
 Actually, you do. 
 You... You know her intimately. 
 Kate : Mr. Prentice, can you help us I.D. this woman? 
 Frank : No. Who is she? 
 There anything about her that's familiar to you? 
 Her hair, maybe? 
 No. Why.. Why would I.. . 
 You've been having an affair with this woman for months. 
 [ Chuckles ] That's bullshit. 
 Well, maybe her name will ring a bell... Jolene Grey? 
 No. I... I don't know. 
 You've been paying off her credit cards. We have the records. 
 Okay, so I bought Jolene some nice stuff. 
 What? Are you saying somebody killed her? 
 Actually, the real Jolene Grey is very much alive. 
 Yeah, she lives out in the 'burbs with her family. 
 This woman stole her identity. 
 She wore a wig to make sure you wouldn't recognize her... 
 Very much like this one. 
 I'll bet you recognize her now. 
 You put a wig on a corpse? What kind of sick... 
 That's Olena. 
 You were having an affair with your own wife, Frank. 
 That's not possible. 
 Actually, it is. 
 Olena must have figured out over time that you were face-blind, so she stole another woman's identity and seduced you. 
 She was practically a prisoner in your home, so she used your condition against you to bilk you for cash, jewels. 
 I think she was probably trying to save up enough money to get away from you, but, uh, turns out you weren't the only one she was screwing. 
 What? 
 Yeah, turns out while you were away at work, she was banging the guy who installed your satellite dish. 
 He told us all about it. 
 That bitch. 
 You can't really blame her for wanting a boy toy when she was having to sleep with you as herself and as Jolene. 
 Olena was never abducted, Frank. 
 The reason nobody could find her is that when you killed the woman you thought was your mistress, you'd really just murdered your own wife. 
 T... This is ridiculous. 
 Hotel desk clerk puts you in the same room as her on the day of the murder. 
 It was an accident. 
 I never meant to kill her. 
 Tell us what happened. Maybe I can help you. 
 I tried to end it with her. 
 She was bleeding me dry. I couldn't afford her any more. 
 I told her I was gonna need the jewelry back to pay off Yuri, or else he was gonna take Olena. 
 But Jolene wouldn't listen, you know? 
 No. Said she was nothing without me. 
 Then she started to hit me. 
 I lost it. 
 What about the body? 
 I waited until after dark, took her down in the maintenance elevator, and tossed her in the dumpster. 
 It's too bad we can't charge you with two murders. 
 Paul : Daniel. 
 Oh, hey, Paul. 
 Don't "hey, Paul" me. 
 You know, you really blew it with Hathaway. 
 Why would you want a fraud like that on the faculty, anyway? 
 That fraud is an academic superstar. 
 Everybody wants him... Harvard, Northwestern... 
 But I am gonna get him, and you're gonna help me do it. 
 Here. 
 What's this? Cubs tickets. 
 Now, you're gonna apologize to Hathaway, and you're gonna invite him to tonight's game as a peace offering. 
 Like hell I will. 
 Come on, Daniel. 
 I really need you to do this for me. 
 Come on, man. You love the Cubbies. 
 [ Door closes ] 
 Daniel. 
 [ Sighs ] 
 Kate. Hi. 
 [ Chuckles nervously ] 
 Frank Prentice is taking a plea and cooperating against Yuri. 
 That's great. 
 And if we can get Yuri to roll on Tupelov, then we'll have the Ukrainians and Olena's killer in one shot. 
 Do you like baseball? 
 Yeah, sure. I mean, who doesn't like a cold beer and a hot dog at a ballgame, right? 
 Well, I... I, uh, just happen to have two, uh, two tickets to the Cubs game tonight. 
 That sounds great. What time? 
 [ Crowd cheering ] 
 [ Overlapping voices ] 
 Have fun. 
 Wait, you're not going? 
 Uh, no. 
 Crowds drive me crazy. 
 Ah. 
 [ Door closes ] 
 Thanks. 
 Are you stalking me? 
 Oh, my God. 
 [ Both chuckle ] Hi. 
 I could ask you the same question. 
 Last chance to buy me that drink. 
 I leave town tomorrow. 
 Uh, you know, I'm sorry. 
 I don't think I can. I have plans. 
 But travel safe. 
 Actually, um... 
 Do you like baseball? 
 Natalie : Why didn't you take Kate? 
 Because I'd rather watch it on TV... 
 With you. 
 Something's bothering you. 
 It's Olena. 
 I just... I can't figure out how a young girl who barely spoke English pulled off such a complicated scam. 
 I guess she had everyone fooled. 
 Man : Foul ball down the third-base side. 
 Out of play. 
 Whoa. Great catch by that fan. 
 I don't believe it. 
 She took that asshole? 
 And he catches a foul ball. 
 You know how many games I went to as a kid, and I never once caught a foul ball? 
 Daniel, you have no one to blame but yourself. 
 That could have been you. 
 But instead, you let him take your place. 
 She took her place. 
 There's another mole. 
 What are you talking about? 
 Who are you calling? 
 Kate. 
 Are you trying to ruin her date? 
 No. [ Buttons clicking ] 
 I'm gonna tell her Olena isn't dead. 
 You taking everything? 
 Mrs. Prentice is dead, and Mr. Prentice go to jail, so... 
 It's okay. No one's accusing you of stealing. 
 It all belongs to you, anyway, doesn't it.. 
 Olena? 
 Listen, Frank Prentice is a pig. 
 We don't blame you for wanting to make him pay. 
 What we couldn't figure out was how you did it all on your own. 
 I don't know what you're talking.. 
 I remembered you mentioned a Cousin that Frank didn't like... Paulina. 
 Ever since we were little girls in Ukraine, Paulina protect me. 
 And now she protected you from Frank. 
 She married American, too, five years before, but she divorce him, stay in country. 
 I call her, ask her to come. 
 It was so good to see her. 
 She stayed for a few days. 
 But soon we notice something strange. 
 My husband sometimes.. He think Paulina is me. 
 When next time she come to visit, he not recognize her, even though he know her. 
 That's when she realized he was face-blind. 
 And she make plan to get his money. 
 But first she need new name so he doesn't get suspicious. 
 So she steal wallet at mall, and she make herself look like woman on driving license. 
 He's not used to beautiful woman paying attention to him, so he give her money, jewels, anything she want. 
 For me, it get worse. 
 I want to run away. 
 But Paulina say we have to wait until we get all Frank's money and that she have new plan to protect me. 
 I give her haircut, and I give her my clothes and my perfume. 
 Paulina is stronger than me. 
 She make Frank stop hitting her... 
 And she convince Frank to hire Ukrainian maid to keep her company. 
 So Paulina became you and Jolene, and you became the maid. 
 It's an ingenious plan. 
 You are going to arrest me. 
 You're an accessory to fraud. 
 The U.S. attorney's office might want to charge you, but I'll do my best to convince them that being married to an abusive, cheating murderer was probably punishment enough. 
 Thank you. 
 But my husband will find out what we did to him and... 
 When he leave prison, he will find me, and without Paulina... 
 You were threatened by a known associate of the Tupelov organization. 
 I can make a pretty good case that you belong in Witness Protection. 
 You'll get a fresh start, Olena. New name, new life. 
 Paul : Daniel! 
 Paul, look, I know you're upset. 
 Upset? No, no, no. I don't know what you said to Hathaway, but suddenly he is in love with this town. 
 He's taking the job. You did good, buddy. 
 Daniel : Walt Whitman wrote, "I contain multitudes". 
 Turns out he was more right than he knew. 
 The self is really a collection of several distinct neural networks, all running on this glob of jelly between our ears. 
 So, if there are different versions of yourself floating around inside your skull, which one is the real you? 
 Are you the lead guitarist, rocking out once a week? 
 Or is it your 9:00-to-5:00.. 
 That truly defines you? 
 Can one of those selves be a devoted spouse... 
 And the other a lying, thieving, out-of-control addict? 
 Can you long for love.. 
 And yet still be cursed by genetics and the environment and remain the same son of a bitch you've always been? 
 And even if you do change something about yourself... 
 Your face... 
 Your name... 
 Where you live... 
 You might feel different. 
 You might even be able to fool people, for a little while... 
 But can you ever actually change... 
 Who you really are? 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 