Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x14 - The Trouble with the Curve - God Friended Me 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x14 - The Trouble with the Curve https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=862&t=32853 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/18/19 06:57 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x14 - The Trouble with the Curve 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "God Friended Me"...   
 Can I have everybody's attention?   
 IdentitySeal has been sold.   
 - To who? 
- Simon Hayes.   
 What if Simon Hayes is behind the God Account?   
 Simon wants to design the first app that can analyze and identify potential fraud.   
 I want you to lead the team that's going to code it.   
 - Surprise! 
- Hey, what's up with the bags?    
 Is it cool if I crash here for a couple days?    
 Of course, of course. As much time as you need.    
 Dee and I got into a huge fight.    
 I just don't think she's the right one for me.    
 I'm sorry. I'm lucky to have you.    
 You're gonna be happy to have me a little while longer.    
 - [FUNKY MUSIC] 
- ♪ Ooh ♪    
 ♪    
 There are many paths life can take you on, but for most of us, where we end up isn't always where we imagine our lives would turn out, so it is only natural for us to question how we got here.    
 - You... 
- Got to be kidding me!    
 No, no, no, you've been on the schedule since last week.    
 I can't. I have clinicals at noon.    
 I have a thesis meeting at  :  .    
 No... and then I have to TA a lecture. I can't.    
 Yeah, yeah.    
 No, let me call you back. All right.    
 I'm sorry, my barback had an audition, and I didn't know you were recording.    
 Nah, it's okay.    
 Are you sure you're not mad?    
 [SIGHS] Having me here is a lot.    
 I'm not mad. I'm proud.    
 Yeah, I forgot about all the stuff that you're juggling with school, the bar.    
 - Yeah. 
- Sis, you are a badass.    
 Hey, thanks. And don't worry.    
 I will be out of your hair, find my own place, I promise.    
 Al, you know I love having you here, although it would be nice if I could have just a little bit of hot water in the morning. I'd really appreciate it.    
 You are the best big bro a girl can ask for.    
 All right, I gotta get to work.    
 All right.    
 Miles, I got a big problem, dude.    
 It's my team. They hate me.    
 Hey, are you sure you're not overreacting?    
 Okay, what exactly did they say?    
 It's not about words, Miles.    
 I'm really good at reading body language, and their body language tells me that they do not like me.    
 Well, yeah, because you're the boss.    
 Everybody hates the boss.    
 We hate Phil.    
 - True. 
- Right.    
 It's just, I have this need to be liked, all right?    
 It's this curse all Singh men are born with.    
 Look, bro, I think you're imagining it, okay?    
 Be yourself. Everything else will work out.    
 Yeah.    
 [CELL PHONE CHIMES AND BUZZES]    
 - What's up? 
- It's Cara.    
 We're supposed to be getting lunch. You wanna come with?    
 I'd love to, but I gotta go win my team over.    
 You are lucky, Miles.    
 CSR, no responsibilities.    
 I miss those days.    
 All right.    
 - Say hi to Cara. 
- Yup.    
 [PEACEFUL MUSIC]    
 Can I ask you something?    
 Have you ever felt like your life isn't where you expected it to be?    
 - Yeah. 
- Yeah?    
 Yeah, of course. Everyone does.    
 Where is this coming from?    
 It's just, Ali's getting her PhD and running the bar.    
 You're at the top of the leader board every week.    
 Rakesh is running his team.    
 I just don't want to wake up in my   s still trying to get my podcast off the ground, working at IdentitySeal.    
 You know what I think?    
 I think you should submit your podcast again.    
 No, no, it didn't work out last time.    
 You remember, with Frequency?    
 Yes, but there's a new podcast collective called FreeVerse.    
 They're kinda like an upstart NPR, not corporate at all, and they're looking for new shows.    
 Look, last thing I need right now, Cara, is for another station to tell me what my podcast should or shouldn't be.    
 Yeah, but you don't know that's what it's gonna be like.    
 Miles!    
 Cal! Whoa.    
 It's really you, man. It's been, what, seven years?     
 Yeah, what... what are you doing back in town?     
 Oh, I moved back a couple years ago.     
 Oh, I didn't hear.     
 Hi, I'm Cara.     
 Oh, yeah, I'm sorry. This is Cara Bloom.     
 Cal and I went to high school together.     
 - It's nice to meet you. 
- Yeah, you too.     
 Yo, Cal, so how you been?     
 Good, good. Man, things couldn't be better.     
 What about you?     
 Still trying to convince the world God doesn't exist?     
 Uh, yeah, something like that.     
 I got a podcast. It's doing really great.     
 Big following, so no complaints.     
 Oh, that's good to hear.     
 Well, anyway, I gotta run but, man, it was good bumping into you.     
 - Yeah, yeah, you too, man. 
- All right.     
 [TENSE MUSIC]     
 Uh, big following?     
 [SIGHS] It's a long story.     
 It was always a competition between us.     
 So I take it you two weren't best friends in high school?     
 - Actually, we were. 
- Really?     
 - Yup. 
- What happened?     
 [CELL PHONE BUZZES]     
 Oh, we got a new Friend Suggestion.     
 Derrick Gomez,    years old and plays... baseball for my high school?     
 Wait, so you haven't seen Cal in years and then we get a Friend Suggestion for someone from your high school?     
 Yeah, well, maybe the God Account is feeling nostalgic.     
 Or it's no coincidence.     
 Oh, he just posted. "Heading to practice."     
 All right, let's get down there and see what we can find out.     
 Okay.     
 - [KNOCK AT DOOR] 
- Lester, come in.     
 Thanks for seeing me, Arthur.     
 Everything good at the vestry?     
 - The board is fine. 
- Uh-huh.     
 The reason I came to see you is because the diocese has decided to send us a new assistant rector.     
 Really?     
 We haven't had an assistant priest in... years.     
 Which means we're long overdue.     
 - [LAUGHS] 
- His name's Reverend Andrew Carver.     
 - Mm. 
- They're very high on him.     
 I appreciate that, but I really don't need the help.     
 Arthur, I know how important this church is to you, but after    years, do you really want to do every single afternoon service?     
 Yes, but... clearly this is what the diocese wants, and of course I will happily welcome Reverend Carver.     
 Wonderful.     
 I'll set up a time for you two to sit down.     
 Look forward to it.     
 [TENSE MUSIC]     
 ♪     
 Whoo, kid's got a live arm.     
 It explains why the scouts are here.     
 According to Derrick's Facebook page, he's one of the best high school pitching prospects in the country.     
 You okay?     
 Yeah, yeah, it's... just strange, running into Cal and being back out on this field.     
 What do you mean?     
 Cal and I played baseball together in high school.     
 He was the pitcher and I was his catcher.     
 - What? 
- Mm-hmm.     
 I mean, I knew that you liked baseball.     
 I didn't know you played.     
 Second team, all-city.     
 Made it into the semifinals my senior year.     
 The winner got to move on to play in the championship at Yankee Stadium.     
 - Hmm. 
- Yeah.     
 And you lost.     
 We were up two in the bottom of the ninth.     
 Two on, two out.     
 The batter had double off Cal on a curve earlier in the game, so I called for a fastball.     
 Cal shook me off and threw the curve.     
 The batter ripped a home run.     
 Cal and I got into a huge argument.     
 We stopped talking to each other.     
 Cal was a pro prospect.     
 He went off to the minors, got injured, and I have not seen him since.     
 So you lost your best friend over a game?     
 Well, it wasn't just about the game.     
 I said something he didn't want to hear and it ended our friendship.     
 [WHISTLE BLOWS]     
 All right! Let's go! Bring it in!     
 Well, maybe the God Account has plans on fixing that.     
 What, by helping Derrick?     
 I mean, the kid doesn't even know Cal.     
 Actually, he does.     
 Look.     
 He's his coach.     
 Good work, guys. Derrick, come over here.     
 Y'all keep playing the way y'all been playing this season, that championship is ours.     
 All right?     
 Clearly the God Account is trying to pull a two-for-one.     
 Our Friend Suggestion just so happens to be coached by your former best friend?     
 Okay, I get it.     
 Let's just focus on Derrick, okay?     
 - Okay. 
- Cal!     
 See you, man.     
 What are you doing here, Miles?     
 Um, I was just feeling a little nostalgic after we ran into you, so I thought I'd stop by.     
 How long have you been coaching here?     
 This is my second season, but this year's squads are already the favorite to win the state championship.     
 Well, your pitcher seems to be drawing a lot of attention.     
 Yeah, Derrick Gomez, best high school arm I've seen since me.     
 Derrick! Come over here a second.     
 - I want you to meet Miles Finer. 
- Hey.     
 - Hey. 
- How's it going?     
 - And Cara Bloom. 
- Nice to meet you.     
 - One hell of an arm you got there, man. 
- Thank you.     
 That's a high compliment coming from Miles.     
 He was my catcher in high school, never met anyone who called a better game than him.     
 Not that we always agreed.     
 Is Coach as good as he claims?     
 I used to have to ice my hand after every game.     
 That's right.     
 So have you thought about what you're gonna do after high school?     
 Derrick has offers from every college in the country.     
 But he's narrowed it down between Stanford, Arizona State, and Florida.     
 He's gonna announce on Friday.     
 Congratulations, man. That's amazing.     
 Thank you. Couldn't have done it without Coach.     
 All right, I gotta head to work.     
 It was nice to meet you guys.     
 He's a Harlem Parochial on scholarship.     
 Mom runs a bakery in the Bronx. It's just the two of them.     
 Picks up hours after school to help out.     
 Well, he seems like a good kid.     
 He is.     
 It was good seeing you, Miles. We should catch up sometime.     
 - Yeah, yeah, sure. 
- Well, actually, Miles' sister runs a really great bar called the Honeysuckle Rose.     
 We were gonna go down there and have drinks tonight.     
 - You should... you should come. 
- Okay, sounds like fun.     
 I'll see you there.     
 - See ya. 
- See ya.     
 [TENSE MUSIC]     
 What? Look, is catching up with an old friend really the end of the world?     
 Besides, he's Derrick's coach.     
 He probably knows what's going on in his life.     
 True, except Derrick doesn't look like he needs any help with baseball.     
 Yeah, so where does that leave us?     
 Maybe the problem's closer to home.     
 Cal said that his mom runs a bakery.     
 Let's go talk to her.     
 So just take a look and let me know if you have any questions.     
 So, guys, how's the, uh... how's the data analytics coming along?     
 - Oh-ho! 
- That's a kill shot.     
 Okay, you're playing video games, not working at all.     
 Um...     
 Hey, guys, I just... if y'all would listen for one second,     
 I just want to get something off my chest real quick.     
 I, uh... I've been picking up this vibe that you guys hate me and...     
 Oh, we don't hate you.     
 Okay.     
 We're just not gonna work for you.     
 - What? 
- That's right.     
 Instead, we're gonna sit back and watch you fail.     
 - Why? 
- I been in IT for eight years.     
 That promotion should have been mine.     
 - Everyone agrees. 
- Mm-hmm.     
 Look, guys, I'm sorry, but if you're not gonna work for me,     
 I'm just gonna have to let you go.     
 Mm, wrong again. I checked.     
 You don't have the power to fire anyone inside the IT department, which is... all of us.     
 - I don't? 
- No.     
 What you can do is report your team's total lack of progress on your weekly TPR report.     
 And when you do, who do you think they're gonna blame?     
 A team of IT professionals or the headset from customer service?     
 ♪     
 So anything else from your high school experience you want to share?     
 Prom date? Yearbook quote?     
 Oh, uh, Brandy King and...     
 "To protect the sheep, you gotta catch the wolf, and it takes a wolf to catch a wolf."     
 - Hmm, the Bible? 
- Denzel, "Training Day."     
 - What about you? 
- Um...     
 Kenny Woodruff and,     
 "The distance means nothing if one has a motive."     
 Jane Austen.     
 Wait, wait, wait. Is that Derrick?     
 Yeah.     
 Uh, look at the license plate. GCM.     
 That is a sports agency. They rep a few of the Yankees.     
 If Derrick's going to college, why would he need an agent?     
 He wouldn't.     
 [TENSE MUSIC]     
 ♪     
 Hey.     
 - Hey. 
- What are you two doing here?     
 Uh, Cal mentioned that you worked at your mom's bakery, and Cara is always on the lookout for a good dessert.     
 Guilty as charged.     
 Well, you guys came to the right place.     
 Come on in.     
 ♪     
 Where have you been?     
 You took out the trash    minutes ago.     
 I was talking to Candace.     
 You can talk to your girlfriend on your own time.     
 Okay, Ma. These are friends of Coach.     
 Nice to meet you.     
 All right, well, I gotta head out.     
 I gotta study for a test tomorrow.     
 Remember, no staying up late tonight, okay?     
 You need to open the shop in the morning.     
 On it.     
 - It was good to see you guys. 
- Mm-hmm.     
 So you're friends with Cal.     
 Yes, we used to play ball together in high school.     
 Um, so Cal mentioned that Derrick was deciding between three colleges?     
 Yes, but his heart's set on Stanford.     
 He'll be the first in our family to go to college.     
 Well, has he talked about entering the draft?     
 Maybe taking a shot at the minors instead?     
 Of course, but he knows how important college is.     
 Cal's helped him realize that dream.     
 I don't know what I'd do without him.     
 Let me grab you some tres leches.     
 ♪     
 If Derrick is going to college, then why lie to his mom about talking to an agent?     
 I don't know.     
 ♪     
 [FUNKY MUSIC]     
 - He did not. 
- Oh, he did.     
 He almost won the singing talent show too.     
 Wait, what song did you sing?     
 Uh, "Get It On Tonite" by Montell Jordan, but it was Cal's fault, okay?     
 Victoria Grant was swerving me all year and he said it would get her attention.     
 Unfortunately it got Sister Margaret's attention as well.     
 Miles got detention for two weeks.     
 Almost missed the last game of the season.     
 Oh, I'm assuming he told you we lost because I waved off his call and threw my curve.     
 - He might have mentioned it. 
- Oh, yeah?     
 Did he mention that I had been throwing my fastball all game and could barely lift my arm?     
 Not to mention, the batter was waiting for it.     
 Winning that game was my only chance to play at Yankee Stadium, to know what it felt like to be on the same field as Derek Jeter, Mariano Rivera, Alex Rodriguez.     
 Not everyone was heading to the show.     
 Yeah, well...     
 Miles said you got hurt?     
 Yeah, I tore my UCL in the game against the Dayton Dragons.     
 Only been on the Single-A roster for a few months.     
 I'm sorry.     
 Hey, it's the risk of trying to make it to the bigs.     
 Thankfully I found my way back to baseball through coaching.     
 Oh, we wanted to ask you about Derrick.     
 We stopped by his mom's bakery earlier and saw him talking to an agent from GCM.     
 Oh, man, they come around all the time.     
 He just humors them, you know? To maintain the relationship.     
 So you're sure it's nothing more?     
 - He lied to his mom about it. 
- I mean, if he's thinking     
 about declaring for the 
draft, he might not tell you.     
 No, trust me, he would.     
 Look, I appreciate your concern, but Derrick's got his priorities straight.     
 [CELL PHONE CHIMING]     
 I'm sorry, Derrick's... his mom is calling me.     
 Hey. Yeah.     
 No, no, I'm glad you did.     
 I'll take care of it.     
 [SIGHS]     
 I'm sorry, I gotta cut this short.     
 Is everything okay?     
 Well, apparently Derrick snuck out.     
 His mom said he posted from some place called Aqua.     
 Oh, yeah, yeah. I know that place.     
 It's a club in Chelsea.     
 He's not old enough to get into a club.     
 If he gets arrested, he could jeopardize everything.     
 Well, hey, it's not too far from here.     
 - You guys should go. 
- Really?     
 - Yeah. 
- Let's go, man.     
 Club's a few blocks up.     
 Hey, don't get me wrong, Miles,     
 I appreciate you coming with me, but I definitely put this in the... above-and-beyond category.     
 Well, kinda been going for some extra credit.     
 Besides, I see how important Derrick is to you.     
 It's the least I can do.     
 Where was this levelheaded guy in high school?     
 - You sayin' I was opinionated? 
- I mean, just a little.     
 [BOTH LAUGH]     
 But seriously, it seems like everything turned out exactly how you hoped.     
 Yeah, well, about that, I may have overstated how well my podcast is doing.     
 I've actually been struggling to find an audience.     
 Why didn't you tell me?     
 Well, man, because it's always been a competition between us.     
 Yeah, I remember.     
 Look, what I said back then about how you weren't ready for the majors,     
 I have regretted that ever since.     
 I appreciate you saying so, but that's water under the bridge, brother.     
 [DANCE MUSIC]     
 ♪     
 You see him?     
 Yeah, yeah, over there.     
 ♪     
 Derrick.     
 Coach, hey.     
 What the hell are you doing here?     
 I'm just chilling with some friends. It's no big deal.     
 Oh, they must be some really rich friends, 'cause that's a $    bottle of tequila right there.     
 What's he doing here?     
 Look, you don't get to ask the questions.     
 - How'd you pay for that? 
- It's on the house.     
 Let's go. We're getting out of here. Come on.     
 - No. 
- You don't get it.     
 You're jeopardizing everything you've worked for.     
 Look, we've got a plan, right? 
And this isn't part of it.     
 I'm sticking to the plan.     
 I'm doing everything we talked about.     
 I just wanted to have some fun with my friends.     
 And there's nothing wrong with that, okay, but just not here.     
 You get arrested, it will cost you your scholarship.     
 Don't throw your future away on this.     
 ♪     
 Whatever. I'm tired anyways.     
 See you guys.     
 ♪     
 You think he'll be all right?     
 Yeah, he's just blowing off some steam.     
 It'll be fine.     
 I should call his mom, let her know he's okay.     
 - Thanks again for everything. 
- Hey, no problem.     
 - See you, Miles. 
- Mm-hmm.     
 ♪     
 Let me be the first to welcome you to Harlem Episcopal, Andrew.     
 - Thank you. 
- Take a seat.     
 Hey, I have to confess, I'm an admirer.     
 - [CHUCKLES] 
- What you've done here, I should be so blessed.     
 Well, I'm sure one day, you will be.     
 So tell me about yourself.     
 Well, my path to God was a bit unorthodox.     
 I was actually studying at Harvard.     
 - Harvard Divinity? 
- Astrophysics.     
 - [CHUCKLES] 
- Yeah.     
 I was raised in the church but never had any problem reconciling science and faith... and still don't.     
 Okay, I'm intrigued. What happened?     
 Something I'm surprised doesn't happen more often.     
 If you study the universe, I mean, you really look at it, it's hard not to be humbled by the scope and beauty of its design.     
 Science can explain the how, but I started asking the bigger question of why, and... the answer I found was both simple and profound.     
 - God. 
- Yeah.     
 Anyhow, I can't wait to jump in.     
 I feel like I have a lot of ideas of how to address some of Harlem Episcopal's current issues.     
 [LAUGHS] And what issues would those be?     
 Oh, I didn't mean it like that.     
 No, please, it's okay. I want to know.     
 Harlem Episcopal doesn't utilize social media in the way a lot of other parishes are starting to.     
 We have a Facebook page.     
 Yeah, but there are not enough engagements on that page to attract new, young parishioners who might not find us otherwise.     
 Not to mention we could stream your sermons online and collect donations through Venmo.     
 [TENSE MUSIC]     
 Um, sorry, I'm getting ahead of myself, aren't I?     
 Um, it's fine.     
 I tell you what, um,     
 - why don't we start with a tour? 
- [LAUGHS] Yeah.     
 I thought Cal had everything under control with Derek, but after last night, I'm not so sure.     
 Probably just cutting the kid some slack.     
 We all done stupid stuff in high school, right?     
 True, but if Derrick's deciding to skip college and enter the draft, Cal needs to know.     
 What's the big deal? I mean, kid goes pro, he's got chance to pitch at Yankee Stadium next year.     
 That's... that's kind of amazing.     
 Rakesh, it's not like getting drafted by the NFL or the NBA.     
 He's not going to Yankee Stadium.     
 He's going to the minors, competing against  ,    other guys who's trying to make it to the bigs, most of which never make it close.     
 Hmm. Which is why you think the God Account sent us his name,     
 'cause he might be making the wrong choice.     
 Exactly. Look, Derrick's making a huge announcement about his future tomorrow, and if he's decided to enter the draft, we don't have much time.     
 Oh, Rakesh, could you do us a favor?     
 The agent's license plate was GCM   .     
 Could you run it and see if we can get a name?     
 Yeah, yes.     
 ♪     
 Ow.     
 - Uh, bro, you okay? 
- Yeah.     
 I had to pull an all-nighter 'cause my team is plotting a coup against me led by some evil nerd king named Tom who's convinced everybody not to lift a finger, so...     
 Right, but doing your entire team's work is not sustainable.     
 Yeah, well, if I don't do the work, I'm gonna get fired, so what choice do I have?     
 You could change their minds.     
 - How? 
- Well, by showing them firsthand what a brilliant coder you are.     
 I mean, that's really the only way you're ever gonna get them to respect you.     
 Mm.     
 Oh, okay, here we go.     
 License plate is registered to a Pete Garrity.     
 - Huh. 
- What?     
 What was the name of the club you found Derrick at?     
 Aqua, why?     
 'Cause, according to Pete's credit card, there's a charge for $ ,    there last night.     
 Now we know who got him in the club and paid for those drinks.     
 Mm-hmm.     
 You know there's only four of us here tonight.     
 I mean, I think there's enough food for ten.     
 - Actually,   . 
- What?     
 But leftovers are the best part.     
 So, Dad, how did your meeting with the new assistant priest go?     
 Oh, fine.     
 - Fine? Really? 
- Yeah.     
 - I got this. 
- Good.     
 Then I will see you guys for dinner tonight.     
 Thanks.     
 So I take it things did not go fine.     
 He, um...     
 I don't know, he's got a lot of new ideas.     
 I see, and they don't quite align with yours, is that it?     
 No, he said he wants to bring Harlem Episcopal into the modern age, which really means he wants to bring me into the modern age.     
 You have nothing to worry about, Arthur.     
 Your congregation reveres you.     
 I appreciate that, but if the diocese feels that the time is right for me to take on an assistant priest, that might be their way of telling me that life after the pulpit is closer than I think.     
 Is that so bad?     
 I mean, certainly you must have thought about retirement at some point.     
 Well, I have. Of course I have.     
 I just thought... [SIGHS]     
 It was still a few years away.     
 Arthur, you have plenty of good years left to give to your church.     
 And maybe this new priest has come into your life to help make the most of them.     
 Mm.     
 [TOUCHING MUSIC]     
 So you guys wanted to talk about Derrick.     
 - What's up? 
- Look, I get it.     
 You see a million-dollar arm and you're ready to cash in.     
 But you need to back off.     
 - Is that so? 
- He's going to college.     
 That's what his mom wants, and so does his coach.     
 Uh, I hate to break it to you, but that's not what Derrick wants.     
 Trust me, I'm not twisting his arm.     
 I'm just helping him realize his dream.     
 - So he signed with you? 
- Not yet.     
 He turns    in a few weeks.     
 Then he'll cross the Ts and dot the Is.     
 But he's gonna declare for the draft tomorrow.     
 There is no way Cal is gonna let that happen.     
 [LAUGHS] You don't get it.     
 Who do you think introduced me to Derrick?     
 Cal orchestrated the whole thing.     
 They're a package deal.     
 Whatever team drafts the kid is gonna hire him as a pitching coach in their farm system.     
 [TENSE MUSIC]     
 Give us a call if you guys want tickets to one of their games.     
 ♪     
 Cal lied to us. He's using Derrick to get himself a second opportunity at the majors.     
 ♪     
 [DRAMATIC MUSIC]     
 ♪     
 Nice drop on your curveball.     
 [LAUGHING] Oh.     
 Hey, man. What's up?     
 How fast you throwing these days?     
 I don't know. Just need to keep my skills up if I'm gonna be coaching kids like Derrick.     
 You mean if you keep coaching Derrick.     
 I talked to Pete.     
 He told me about the deal you made.     
 That's none of your business, Miles.     
 Does Derrick know you're using him to leverage a job as an assistant coach wherever he signs?     
 It was his idea.     
 He wants me with him. 
I'm not using anyone.     
 So then why lie to his mom about it?     
 She thinks he's going to college.     
 'Cause he knows how much she wanted that.     
 He's talking to her now, letting her know his decision.     
 His decision or yours?     
 [BALL CLATTERS IN BUCKET]     
 You come all the way down here to judge me, Miles?     
 You don't know what I been through, and you sure as hell don't know what's best for Derrick.     
 Then explain it to me.     
 Come on, explain it to me. Explain how a   -year-old kid bypassing a full-ride college education to take his chances in the minors is looking out for him?     
 Man, you haven't changed at all.     
 What is that supposed to mean?     
 You think you know what's best for everyone.     
 - You always have. 
- No, that is not true.     
 Really?     
 You were supposed to be my best friend, the one person who I trusted.     
 But instead of having my back, you told me I wasn't ready.     
 - You said that didn't matter. 
- It didn't matter?     
 I was    years old.     
 I had to carry that around with me as I was trying to take my shot.     
 You have any idea what that did to my confidence?     
 Wait a minute.     
 The way you were just throwing up there, you don't come back after a torn UCL and pitch like that.     
 [SOMBER MUSIC]     
 ♪     
 You didn't get hurt, did you?     
 ♪     
 No.     
 Turns out you were right.     
 I wasn't ready.     
 As soon as batters saw my curve, they pounced.     
 I lost my confidence and washed out.     
 ♪     
 Look, I'm... I'm sorry, man. I never wanted that.     
 This isn't where I was supposed to end up, Miles.     
 ♪     
 A high school coach?     
 Back at my own damn high school, no less, like none of my... dreams even mattered.     
 They did.     
 They still do.     
 I just needed to adjust them a bit.     
 ♪     
 Hey, look, I get that. I do.     
 But what if Derrick winds up paying the price?     
 He won't, because unlike me, he's gonna have someone in his corner letting him know he can make it, helping him do whatever it takes to reach his dreams, reach the majors.     
 Look, just stay away from him, Miles.     
 The last thing he needs is your voice in his head.     
 Believe me.     
 ♪     
 So rules are simple. We pick a closed system.     
 First one to hack into it is the winner.     
 [CHUCKLES] Challenge accepted.     
 But let's raise the stakes.     
 Whoever loses quits.     
 You really don't want to make that bet.     
 Actually, I really do.     
 IdentitySeal recently upgraded their network security.     
 - First one past the firewall? 
- Sure.     
 Just don't say I didn't warn you.     
 Hmm.     
 [TENSE MUSIC]     
 
 
 
 [SODA CAN FIZZES AND POPS]     
 ♪     
 [SCOFFS] What are you doing?     
 Mm, just pacing myself.     
 Ah, so let me guess, you are gonna go for a brute-force attack on the data packets.     
 Psh. Maybe.     
 See, now, I prefer to look for a stack overflow exploit.     
 That way, I can just open a port, find a back door, and maybe even install a man-in-the-middle app.     
 ♪     
 Whoa, how'd you break through so quickly?     
 No way. [SCOFFS]     
 ♪     
 I don't get it.     
 You're just a customer service rep.     
 I tried to tell you.     
 Man, there's a reason I got the job.     
 You just weren't ready to listen.     
 ♪     
 This is really great, Trish. Usually Dad just orders in.     
 Hey!     
 It takes a certain skill to order the perfect takeout.     
 - Mm. 
- Like a phone?     
 [LAUGHTER]     
 So, Miles, how's everything with you?     
 It's fine.     
 Fine? Really?     
 Why do you Finer men insist on us having to drag everything out of you?     
 She has a point. What's going on?     
 It's just about a Friend Suggestion.     
 - Oh, the God Account? 
- Hmm?     
 Your father and I listen to your podcast every week.     
 I love it.     
 I don't know about every week, but continue.     
 Thank you. Uh, do you remember Cal Davis?     
 Of course, fastball like Roger Clemens, drafted by the Diamondbacks, right?     
 Mm-hmm, and now he's coaching for Harlem Parochial.     
 - Uh-huh. 
- Miles played catcher.     
 He and Cal were thick as thieves.     
 And now he's your Friend Suggestion?     
 Oh, no, no, no, one of his players.     
 He's a pitcher.     
 I think Cal is pushing him to enter the draft.     
 And you don't think he's good enough to make it?     
 I don't know. All I know is, the God Account wouldn't have sent me his name if it was the right decision.     
 So what does the God Account know that you don't?     
 I have no idea, and I'm not sure how I can find out.     
 I might.     
 [SOFT JAZZ MUSIC PLAYING]     
 Cryptic.     
 ♪     
 Oh, man, this is my old catcher's mitt.     
 I haven't seen this in years.     
 You always said that to really judge a pitcher, you had to catch him, see him throw from the only seat in the entire park     
 - that really mattered. 
- Behind the plate.     
 Mm.     
 [HOPEFUL MUSIC]     
 Thanks.     
 ♪     
 Looking good. Make sure you ice up tonight.     
 Yup.     
 - What are you doing here? 
- Is Cal around?     
 No, he'll be back soon.     
 Mind if I catch for you?     
 [CHUCKLES] Sure you can handle it?     
 [LAUGHS] I'll try my best.     
 [ENERGETIC HIP-HOP MUSIC]     
 All right, I'll ease you in with my fastball.     
 All right.     
 ♪     
 ♪ Unh, I go dumb ♪     
 Nice. Okay, give me another.     
 All right.     
 ♪ Unh, it's okay if you choose it ♪     
 ♪ Pick a winner, baby, not some playing do or die ♪     
 ♪ When I roll up in the old school ♪     
 Whoo! Even better.     
 All right, show me your changeup.     
 ♪ Baby looking at me and she say that I'm a hooligan ♪     
 ♪ Like her daddy gon' show up and be mad at me ♪     
 ♪ I do it big, get some True Religions ♪     
 ♪ Her daddy see the paychecks ♪     
 ♪ That I been getting, he'll be mad happy ♪     
 ♪     
 [SOMBER MUSIC]     
 ♪     
 - What? 
- What's going on?     
 I'm just showing him some of my stuff.     
 Grab your bag and wait for me outside.     
 I need to talk to Miles.     
 ♪     
 I told you to stay away from him.     
 His changeup isn't there yet.     
 I haven't been behind the plate in seven years, and even I can see that.     
 My guess is, the scouts can too.     
 They did, and they all agreed he could work it out in the minors.     
 - What, like you did? 
- [SCOFFS]     
 Just listen.     
 Imagine if you had went to college, worked on your curve without having the pressure of making it to the show.     
 - This is different. 
- How?     
 Because I'll be there making sure nothing gets in his way, no one gets in his head.     
 [SIGHS]     
 Derrick isn't ready yet, and you know it.     
 He won't listen to anyone else but you.     
 And if you really care about him, you would tell him the truth.     
 ♪     
 [BRIGHT MUSIC]     
 ♪     
 So you think you got through to Cal?     
 About to find out.     
 [CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]     
 [TENSE MUSIC]     
 - Pete's here. 
- Yeah.     
 That can't be a good sign.     
 What are you gonna do?     
 Derrick's our Friend Suggestion.     
 We can't let him make the wrong decision.     
 He needs to know the truth.     
 ♪     
 [SIGHS] Derrick.     
 - Hey. 
- Hey.     
 - Thanks for coming. 
- Yeah.     
 - Miles, now's not a good time. 
- No, I think it is.     
 Derrick, you're not ready.     
 [SCOFFS]     
 - Excuse me? 
- What do you mean?     
 Your changeup is nowhere close, okay?     
 You go to the minors, you're gonna get exposed.     
 You go to college, work things out, you'll get there.     
 Different path, same end goal.     
 What do you know about it?     
 ♪     
 I had a friend once who was in the exact same position you're in, and he thought I didn't have his back, but I did.     
 I wanted to see him go to the majors more than anyone else.     
 And I knew that if I told him the truth, it would cost us our friendship.     
 ♪     
 So what happened?     
 ♪     
 I didn't listen.     
 And it did.     
 ♪     
 Miles is right.     
 You're not ready.     
 - [SCOFFS] 
- I lied to you.     
 I never got hurt.     
 I had a pitch that wasn't ready for the majors.     
 But I didn't want to admit it, and I was willing to throw away a friendship rather than face reality.     
 Maybe if I had, things would have turned out differently.     
 [SOMBER MUSIC]     
 ♪     
 Don't make the same mistake I made.     
 ♪     
 - You wanted to see me? 
- Oh, please, come in.     
 Um,     
 I spent last night thinking about     
 Matthew's Sermon on the Mount, specifically the two roads.     
 I'm not following.     
 When I first came to Harlem Episcopal,     
 I had some big ideas.     
 The reverend at the time, Reverend Baldwin, was old-school.     
 He liked to slip Latin in whenever he could to keep people on their toes.     
 Needless to say that he and I did not see eye to eye on the direction the church was taking.     
 I think I know where this is going.     
 - I didn't mean to overstep. 
- Neither did I back then.     
 But I did, and I think it was the right thing to do for the church, just like your arrival and your ideas are.     
 So either I can stick my head in the proverbial sand and ignore my insecurities and continue to run the church the way I always have, or I can take your arrival as a sign that things need to change around here, that I need to change.     
 [TOUCHING MUSIC]     
 I could use a hand.     
 I'd be honored.     
 ♪     
 - So just to recap. 
- Mm-hmm.     
 You told a friend something they weren't ready to hear, and in the end, they came around?     
 You want me to send my podcast to FreeVerse, don't you?     
 Whatever gave you that idea?     
 [BOTH LAUGH]     
 We all have moments from our past, decisions we've made that even years later, we still wonder about, still question.     
 What would have happened if I had done things different?     
 The big decisions we recognize in the moment, we know the magnitude and weight they carry moving forward...     
 [CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]     
 [LUCIUS' "UNTIL WE GET THERE"]     
 ♪ What do you say ♪     
 ♪ Is this unwise ♪     
 ♪ To think my fears ♪     
 ♪ Will not reprise ♪     
 What we might have lost if we hadn't made the decision to act.     
 ♪ Whoo-hoo-hoo ♪     
 ♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh ♪     
 Hey, Tom?     
 If you're gonna gloat, let me save you the trouble.     
 - You won. 
- No, I didn't.     
 Winning would be creating a great app, and I need the best coders to do that, man.     
 Mr. Singh, I've just been looking over the yearly TCP reports, and they're looking very promising.     
 Everyone upstairs is quite impressed.     
 Thank you, but I can't really take all the credit.     
 It really was a team effort.     
 Have you met Tom? Tom is an integral part of the team.     
 - It's nice to meet you, Tom. 
- Oh, nice to meet you.     
 So I'll see you inside?     
 - Sure thing. 
- Thank you, Tom.     
 Well, thanks to your team effort, you have caught the attention of Mr. Simon Hayes.     
 Oh, I have?     
 Yes, and he's making a visit to IdentitySeal next week, and he has asked to meet with you.     
 - Congratulations. 
- Thank you.     
 ♪     
 ♪ Whoo-hoo-hoo ♪     
 Sometimes people come into our lives at just the right time, preparing us for the future, whatever it may hold.     
 ♪     
 Andrew! How are you?     
 Good. Arthur went home for the evening, but I'll tell him you came by.     
 Actually, I wanted to speak with you.     
 Oh?     
 I wanted to let you know, between the two of us,     
 Arthur's tenure here at Harlem Episcopal might be coming to an end sooner than expected, and we think you would make an excellent replacement.     
 ♪     
 But I think the most difficult decisions we're faced with are not about success or failure...     
 ♪     
 But finding the courage to simply try again.     
 ♪     
 ♪ Another day ♪     
 ♪     
 ♪ Another day ♪     
 - ♪     
 - ♪ Another day ♪     
 ♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh ♪     
 ♪     
 - Cal! 
- What up?     
 So, uh, what are we doing here?     
 I wanted to thank you.     
 If you hadn't stepped in, Derrick would have made the same mistake I did.     
 Look, Cal, I know how hard it was for you to walk away at another shot at the majors.      
 But it was the right thing.      
 Plus, I got a state a championship  to deliver to Harlem Parochial.      
 Your team makes it here, I will be front row.      
 Actually, I can do you one better, man.      
 What?      
 [UPBEAT MUSIC]      
 Wait, so how did you get us in here?      
 A friend of mine has some pull with the team.      
 This is amazing.      
 You know.      
 ♪      
 Wait, wait, wait, that is CC Sabathia.      
 He's, like, one of the greatest Yankee pitchers ever.      
 Yeah, he's not too bad. What's up, boy?      
 - How you doin', man? 
- CC, I want you to meet      
 Miles Finer, one of my oldest friends.      
 'Sup, Miles? How you doin', man?      
 Oh, I'm great, I'm a huge, huge, fan.      
 I mean, you helped bring home the title in '  .      
 Yeah, thanks, man. It was a team effort, though.      
 - Thanks for hooking us up, CC. 
- Of course.      
 - We won't be too long. 
- No worries.      
 Make sure y'all turn off the lights when y'all leave.      
 - All right. 
- Yeah, gotcha.      
 They had the Pinstripe Bowl here.      
 Haven't converted the field back to a diamond, so this will have to do.      
 For what?      
 You said you wanted to catch in Yankee Stadium.      
 - Don't play with me. 
- I'm not playing, man.      
 You ready? Here we go.      
 ♪ Play it again ♪      
 ♪ So play it again ♪      
 All right, show me that curve.      
 ♪ We could ride it all night ♪      
 ♪ Staying past the sun ♪      
 ♪ Play it while we're ♪      
 Whoo! Nice.      
 That's all you got, though? [LAUGHS]      
 Boy, please. You know this is what I do.      
 ♪ Play it while we're young ♪      
 ♪ With a song in our head always on ♪      
 ♪ Yeah, this is real life ♪      
 ♪ Play it while we're young ♪      
 ♪ Play it while we're ♪      
 ♪ Da, da, da-da-da-da ♪      
 ♪ Da, da, da-da-da-da ♪      
 ♪ Da, da, play it while we're young ♪      
 ♪ While we're young, we'll play it ♪      
 ♪ Da, da, play it while we're ♪ 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 