Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x02 - The Lady - God Friended Me 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x02 - The Lady https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=862&t=34557 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/07/19 11:40 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x02 - The Lady 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "God Friended Me"  
  The God Account sent Joy the Friend Suggestion, not you. 
  I have a daughter. 
  I gave her up for adoption. 
  If you're writing a book about Simon Hayes, we have nothing to talk about. 
  He ruined my life. 
  And because of me, she's never worked as a journalist again. 
  So I'm moving to Paris, then. 
  Cara what I'm trying to say Please don't say it. 
  I won't be able to get on that plane. 
  Simon, I don't think I'm here just to write your book. 
  I think the God Account wants me here for something bigger. 
  "Follow the Lady. 
  Find your Path. 
  " I don't think the God Account is done with you just yet. 
  [UPBEAT MUSIC.] Where do I, I belong "Follow the Lady. 
  Find your Path. 
  " That's right, the "Millennial Prophet" is back with a brand-new mystery. 
  New episodes dropping only on FreeVerse. 
  [COMPUTER RINGS.] Right on time. 
  Well, as a girlfriend, I am nothing if not punctual. 
  - What are you up to? 
  - Uh, actually, I am recording new promos for the "Millennial Prophet. 
  " You're never gonna believe this. 
  The God Account finally reached out to me. 
  It left a message on my Facebook wall. 
  Well, that's great. 
  What did it say? 
  "Follow the Lady. 
  Find your Path. 
  " Specific yet cryptic. 
  Classic God Account. 
  But you're actually not the only one with God Account news. 
  What do you mean? 
  So do you remember that Facebook message I got from my friend Annie five years ago? 
  The one that said your mother was in New York. 
  So it turns out, she never sent that. 
  Her Facebook account was hacked. 
  I think it was the God Account. 
  That would mean that the God Account was around five years ago. 
  Cara, are you sure about this? 
  I have Simon looking into the hacked message, see if we can confirm it. 
  Let me know what you find out. 
  - Okay, I'll call you tonight. 
  - Okay. 
  - Here you go. 
  - Thank you. 
  How's the move coming? 
  Very slowly. 
  - Do you need any help? 
  - That would be great. 
  You want to come by after Sunday service? 
  Sure. 
  Oh, speaking of Sunday Service, I've been asked to speak at First Advent of Harlem next week. 
  But First Advent's an LGBTQ church. 
  Yeah, I was hoping to pick your brain on issues important to the LGBTQ community. 
  Dad, when it comes to the church, I mean, you're definitely progressive. 
  But First Advent, it's nondenominational. 
  I mean, they embrace everyone, no questions asked. 
  They're beyond progressive. 
  As far as I'm concerned, a church full of people is a church full of people. 
  I thought you'd be more excited. 
  I mean, that's why I came down here. 
  You came down here to ask me what issues might be important to the people - who might attend First Advent. 
  - And what's wrong with that? 
  Don't you think someone who speaks there should already know what's important to them? 
  Look, Dad, I know you miss being up on that pulpit on Sundays, but I want to make sure that's not what this is. 
  Uh-huh. 
  So I ran a deep web search for "Find the Lady" - and "Follow your Path" - Mm-hmm. 
  As well as the dark web, just in case. 
  Nothing. 
  Man, you know, in the year we've been doing this, it just never seems to want to make things easy. 
  Actually, Cara thinks that the God Account sent her a message five years ago. 
  Saying what? 
  That her mother was in New York. 
  That's why Cara moved here. 
  Wow. 
  If that's true, I don't know what else the God Account's been up to or for how long. 
  Um, is she sure it was the God Account that sent the message? 
  Yeah, well, she has Simon doing some digging, seeing what he can find. 
  But, I mean, she seems pretty excited to have the God Account mystery in Paris. 
  Okay, uh, I am extrapolating from this goofy smile of yours that you guys are doing good. 
  Yeah. 
  You finally tell her you love her? 
  We know how we feel. 
  - I don't need to say anything. 
  - Man, but you want to. 
  I'm in New York, okay. 
  She's in Paris. 
  Can we just concentrate on figuring out who the Lady is, whoever she may be? 
  - Yeah, okay. 
  - [KNOCK AT DOOR.] [EDGY MUSIC.] Hey. 
  What? 
  Wow, that's quite a story. 
  So what do you think the God Account wants you to do? 
  No idea, but finding you probably wasn't by chance. 
  And the fact that you and Simon have the history you do, it's the kind of thing the God Account - would want me to help with. 
  - [KNOCK AT DOOR.] You were right. 
  The God Account hacked Annie's Facebook and sent you that message. 
  - Are you sure? 
  - I'll spare you the technical jargon, but yeah, and there's more. 
  Oh. 
  Oh, wow. 
  This is awkward. 
  [CLEARS THROAT.] Okay, wait. 
  Annie, please. 
  Please wait. 
  Just one second. 
  Okay, you said there was more. 
  Uh, yeah. 
  Yeah. 
  Um, for some reason, it was really easy to trace the hack to Annie's Facebook account, right? 
  Like the God Account wanted us to know. 
  [CLEARS THROAT.] So I ran a traffic log to the ISP server that it used and it pinged three locations all across the city. 
  So it sent us these locations five years ago? 
  No. 
  It pinged them yesterday. 
  What do you think it is? 
  - Could be a map. 
  - Or a path. 
  "Follow the Lady. 
  Find your Path. 
  " I'm sorry, are you speaking code? 
  Sorry, um, the God Account, it sent this message to Miles yesterday - right before we got these locations. 
  - Hmm. 
  I mean, the timing can't be a coincidence. 
  - So you think this is about Miles? 
  - Yeah. 
  Look, I'm gonna need your help, Annie. 
  - [SCOFFS.] - You're the best investigative journalist that I know. 
  Come on, we've never worked a story together. 
  - Please? 
  - [EXHALES.] Where's the first location? 
  [SOFT MUSIC.] Let me get this straight. 
  You think I might be the Lady? 
  I don't know. 
  It's possible. 
  That's what we're gonna find out. 
  I mean, it makes sense. 
  Like, the God Account waited until you two were together before sending Joy her first Friend Suggestion, right? 
  Mm-hmm. 
  And once you set aside your differences and learned how to work together, Miles got a new message. 
  So, what, am I just supposed to let Miles follow me around like a lost puppy or something? 
  I'm guessing we'll get another clue - once we help our next Friend Suggestion. 
  - [CELL PHONE DINGS AND BUZZES.] Which would be now. 
  Teddy Preston. 
  He's some sort of self-help guy. 
  You know, it's sad that people actually buy into this stuff. 
  - Desperate. 
  - Says two people taking orders from an Internet deity. 
  So how are we gonna talk to him? 
  Looks like we're in luck. 
  Teddy's giving a seminar today. 
  "Hack Your Life: Reprogramming Who You Are To Get What You Want. 
  " That's kind of cool. 
  - Shall we? 
  - Oh. 
  [UPBEAT MUSIC.] You ready? 
  I said you ready? 
  Hey, do you really think helping this guy is going to lead us to finding out my path? 
  I don't know, but helping a self-help guy, that's How can you not appreciate the irony, right? 
  Okay, registration packet, life check questionnaire, - seminar badges. 
  - All right. 
  And I enrolled us in their e-raffle. 
  - Ooh. 
  - So fingers crossed. 
  Oh, and you each owe me 75 bucks. 
  Who? 
  Please welcome to the stage Teddy Preston. 
  - [CHEERS AND APPLAUSE.] - Yeah! 
  Whoo! 
  Yes! 
  I can feel the energy. 
  Thank you guys for coming. 
  Thank you. 
  Thank you so much. 
  You can have a seat. 
  Thank you. 
  I like that energy. 
  Now, 15 years ago, I had nothing. 
  I knew what I wanted out of life, but like so many people, I let fear and insecurity control me. 
  Our brains, they're just like any other hard drive. 
  But instead of wires, we have neural pathways. 
  I needed to reprogram my pathways. 
  I needed to hack my life. 
  [CHEERS AND APPLAUSE.] That's why you're here today. 
  You're ready to break through. 
  We're gonna have a great day today. 
  I promise you, if you follow me, at the end of the day, you will find your path! 
  [CHEERS AND APPLAUSE.] This includes the morning session. 
  Ted will return after lunch. 
  Dude, did you hear what he just said? 
  We're gonna figure out your message. 
  Yeah. 
  Yeah, man. 
  I think you're right. 
  Excuse me, we're here to help Teddy Preston, remember? 
  - Yes. 
  - Yeah, yeah. 
  I mean, after. 
  After we help Teddy, we can look into the message. 
  So how do we talk to him? 
  - I don't know. 
  - Wait here. 
  She's gonna steal the VIP badges, isn't she? 
  Yeah. 
  Okay. 
  - Really? 
  - What? 
  The seminar doesn't start until after lunch. 
  We'll talk to Teddy, find out what his problem is, and then return the badges before they're missed. 
  That's not the point, okay? 
  I think we should look into Teddy, figure out what his problem might be before we go charging backstage to talk to him. 
  Why look into Teddy when we can just find him and talk to him? 
  Okay, I have been doing this for a very long time Yes, and now it's my turn. 
  Look, I don't mind your help, Miles. 
  But if I'm gonna do this, I need to do it my way. 
  Okay? 
  - Okay. 
  - Good. 
  Thanks for meeting with me. 
  I wanted to talk with you to make sure that I'm the right person to address your parishioners. 
  You mind if I ask where this hesitation's coming from? 
  Well, from a conversation with my daughter, Ali, actually. 
  - That surprises me. 
  - I'm sorry? 
  I don't know Ali all that well, but she seems like an amazing young woman. 
  Uh, I'm confused. 
  How do you know my daughter? 
  She's been taking our new membership classes for the last few weeks. 
  I thought you knew. 
  - - [EXHALES.] [SOFT MUSIC.] So, uh, how are we supposed to find Teddy? 
  Well, there's got to be a greenroom or a VIP area around here. 
  - Welcome, VIPs. 
  - I'll just ask someone. 
  Kathy McDonald. 
  Are you here for your five-minute coaching session - with Teddy? 
  - Absolutely. 
  Sorry if things seem a little bit chaotic in here. 
  Today's seminar is being filmed. 
  What's the special occasion? 
  Some of the biggest names in media and publishing are here to see Teddy. 
  It is a once-in-a-career opportunity. 
  And how long have you worked for him? 
  I took his seminar three years ago and never looked back. 
  Thank you so much. 
  I really appreciate it. 
  I can't wait for you to get the book. 
  Really appreciate you coming out. 
  - Thank you. 
  - That was great. 
  These guests are here for their five-minute Speed Hacks. 
  Oh, Teddy Preston. 
  Have a seat. 
  Let's talk. 
  All right, this is the first location. 
  So that's all the message said was, "Follow the Lady. 
  Find your Path"? 
  - That's it. 
  - And you think this could be why the God Account wants you in Paris, to help Miles figure it out? 
  It's possible, yeah. 
  Well, I certainly think it's a better use of your time than writing fiction about Simon Hayes wanting to change the world. 
  Technically, it's nonfiction. 
  - More like science fiction. 
  - Okay, guys. 
  Can we just focus, please? 
  We need to figure out why we're here. 
  Well, I certainly hope it's not to buy art. 
  I mean, I got to say, the God Account's taste is a little pedestrian, don't you think? 
  I mean, seashells? 
  Really? 
  Wait. 
  Seashells, sunflowers, and spiral galaxies. 
  These are all forms of the golden ratio. 
  Fibonacci. 
  Let me find out who the photographer is. 
  Okay, so Fibonacci was this mathematician from, like, 700 years ago that the God Account sort of has a thing for. 
  - Last year, it led Miles and I to - Fliss and Beaker. 
  I read a few of your articles last night. 
  They're good. 
  - Thank you. 
  - Can I ask you a question? 
  - Hmm? 
  - Why would you give all that up and move to Paris to write a book about the creation of an algorithm? 
  Look, I know you don't like Simon, but what he's trying to do is an amazing story. 
  Maybe, but it's not your story. 
  Paul Grenelle. 
  That's the name of the photographer. 
  But he passed away a few years ago. 
  Grenelle. 
  At the gallery that I work at, we displayed his photos a few times. 
  - Really? 
  - Yeah, he was sort of a local fixture. 
  He used to photograph one of my favorite parks, Le Champ-de-Mars. 
  Hmm, well, that's interesting, because the Champ-de-Mars is the next location on the map. 
  Kathy told us that this was a pretty important day for you. 
  Are you nervous about anything going wrong? 
  "Nervous" is just another word for fear. 
  So think of our deepest fears like a virus in our software. 
  Hmm, which is why we have to run a full diagnostic of our life patterns to find out where they're hiding? 
  Somebody gets it. 
  It's all about reprogramming ourselves so we stop making the same mistakes over and over. 
  Teddy? 
  Oh. 
  Unfortunately, our time is up. 
  But you guys have a great afternoon, all right? 
  Uh, Mr. 
  Preston. 
  One more question. 
  - It's pretty important. 
  - Yeah, what is it? 
  Onstage, you said, "Find your path. 
  " What did you mean? 
  Uh, that's just an expression. 
  A way to talk about our individual journeys. 
  Young man, you can't be in here. 
  Mr. Preston, um, my name is Jacob Abbott. 
  Do you know who I am? 
  [CHUCKLES] Should I? 
  My mother was Karen Abbott. 
  You dated her 15 years ago. 
  I'm your son. 
  [DRAMATIC MUSIC] I'm sorry, I've never heard of Karen Abbott, and I certainly don't have a son. 
  Wait, Joy! 
  Joy, wait. 
  Jacob, hey. 
  Excuse me. 
  What? 
  You guys are with Teddy? 
  We are. 
  We just want to talk to you. 
  We want to see if you're okay. 
  My father just told me I don't exist. 
  So no, I'm not okay. 
  Is there anything that we can do? 
  - No. 
  - Do you mind if I ask you? 
  How do you know Teddy's your father? 
  My mom told me a few weeks ago. 
  Right before she died. 
  She and Teddy used to date. 
  They broke up before my mom knew she was pregnant. 
  She decided to raise me on her own, not tell him about me. 
  When she finally told me, I thought maybe something good might come from losing her. 
  I guess I was wrong. 
  [SNIFFLES] You can tell him from me, I won't ever contact him again. 
  Yo, where's Teddy? 
  Oh, he cleared backstage and went to the bar. 
  Makes sense. 
  The man just found out that he had a son. 
  I'm guessing he could use a drink right about now. 
  Bar's this way. 
  See what you can find out about Teddy and Karen Abbott. 
  Yeah. 
  Okay, let's just ease into this, okay? 
  Yeah, absolutely. 
  He's your son, isn't he? 
  [LAUGHS] Excuse me, how is this any of your business? 
  Look, we spoke to Jacob after he left, and, believe it or not, we just want to help. 
  I don't need any help. 
  And I don't know who that kid was, but he was obviously lied to. 
  No, he wasn't. 
  And from the looks of your double vodka, you already know that. 
  You knew Jacob's mother, Karen, didn't you? 
  [SCOFFS] Did you know that she passed away? 
  [SOMBER MUSIC] - She's dead? 
  - Yeah. 
  And before she died, she told Jacob about you. 
  She wanted her son your son to know about his father. 
  Now, look, I know this is a lot to take in, but your son needs you right now. 
  It's not that simple. 
  He's your child. 
  He just wants to know you. 
  It is that simple. 
  You don't understand. 
  Then explain it to me. 
  Jacob's grandfather would never allow it. 
  Why not? 
  Look, it doesn't matter. 
  It's better this way. 
  I have to go. 
  We need to talk to the grandfather, figure out what his problem is. 
  Hey, we don't get extra credit for speed, Joy. 
  This is not a race. 
  What's the harm in talking to the grandfather? 
  The harm is, we could end up making things worse. 
  Right now, Teddy has no intention of having a relationship with his son. 
  How can we make that worse? 
  What? 
  You told me about when you gave your daughter up for adoption, about you moving to New York. 
  I just want to make sure that everything that we're doing is about Teddy. 
  It is. 
  I mean, we've walked almost the entire park. 
  What do you think the God Account wants us to see here? 
  I have no idea. 
  This park is one of my favorite places in Paris. 
  I used to come here a lot after you went home. 
  Yeah, you never did tell me why you decided to stay in Paris. 
  Well, after I realized the full extent that Simon inflicted on my reputation, I didn't really want to go home and face the fact that I was never gonna be a journalist again. 
  [SIGHS.] Hey, Annie, um for what it's worth, I am sorry. 
  That's not worth much, unfortunately. 
  After you destroyed my career, I used to come here and sit on these benches and wonder what I would say to you if I ever got the chance. 
  Mm-hmm. 
  It all boiled down to one simple question. 
  Okay. 
  [SOFT MUSIC.] What do you got? 
  Let's have it. 
  - [SIGHS.] - Guys, look. 
  What is it? 
  Uh, "The Little Red Lighthouse. 
  " It was my favorite book growing up. 
  Miles actually got me a first edition last year. 
  [SPEAKING FRENCH.] Oh, uh [SPEAKING FRENCH.] Merci. 
  I don't get it. 
  Why does the God Account want to show me "The Little Red Lighthouse"? 
  Well, you said it was important to you. 
  Yeah, but what does it have to do with helping Miles? 
  Maybe it doesn't. 
  Maybe it's not about Miles. 
  Maybe this is about you. 
  My doorman said that you're friends of Teddy's. 
  Yes, I'm Miles Finer. 
  This is Joy Chen. 
  Jacob told me what happened. 
  I warned him what kind of man Teddy is. 
  He's better off without him. 
  That's not your decision. 
  If Mr. 
  Preston wants to file a petition for custody, that's within his rights. 
  - So you're his lawyer. 
  - That's right. 
  Look, we just want to understand. 
  If Teddy wants to know his son, shouldn't he have that opportunity? 
  He did. 
  Teddy didn't even acknowledge who he was. 
  Karen told him she was pregnant. 
  It's the reason he ran away, and that's the reason he'll never have a relationship with Jacob as long as I'm alive. 
  Whoa, twice in one day. 
  You want some lunch? 
  No, um I wanted to talk to you about First Advent. 
  I was a little thrown that you didn't want me to speak. 
  Um, it's not that I didn't. 
  I just I wanted to make sure you were doing it for the right reasons. 
  For the right reasons? 
  You sure about that? 
  After we spoke, I decided to talk to Pastor Olivia, and she said you're taking membership classes. 
  After you stepped down at Harlem Episcopal, I I wanted to explore my options. 
  What are you talking about? 
  Harlem Episcopal is our home. 
  It's where you were baptized, where you took your first communion, - were confirmed. 
  - I know that. 
  I don't understand you turning your back on a community that helped raise you. 
  That is not my community, Dad! 
  [SOFT MUSIC.] Then that's it, then, hmm? 
  You are becoming a member of First Advent. 
  Yes. 
  You two again? 
  You need to leave right now, or I'm gonna have security escort you out of here. 
  You knew. 
  You knew you were gonna be a father, and you walked away. 
  [DRAMATIC MUSIC.] Look, I don't I don't know who you think you are, but this is none of your business. 
  You have the chance to make this right. 
  How can you walk away from your child a second time? 
  You don't understand. 
  The hell I don't! 
  No matter what happened 15 years ago, all that matters now is that he wants to know you. 
  [EXHALES HEAVILY.] There you are. 
  I just talked to the hotel. 
  We're being shut down. 
  What are you talking about? 
  Something about a fire marshal inspection and needing a capacity waiver. 
  It took us a year to get the big publishing houses - to agree to come today. 
  - Okay, I just I need two minutes. 
  Can you give me two minutes, please? 
  - I'll meet you outside. 
  - Yeah. 
  - Thank you. 
  - Okay. 
  [SIGHS.] How did you find out that I knew about Jacob? 
  Um, we spoke to James Abbott. 
  And said what, exactly? 
  That he couldn't restrict Jacob from seeing you. 
  [EXHALES.] I told you he would never allow that. 
  Wait. 
  Do you think he's the reason why you're being shut down? 
  [SCOFFS.] He warned me that if I ever tried to have a relationship with Jacob, he would do everything in his power to ruin me. 
  Which, thanks to you, is exactly what he's about to do. 
  [UPBEAT MUSIC.] I know we've hit a bit of a setback, but I'm not sure day drinking's the answer. 
  I told you this could happen. 
  This exact scenario? 
  I think I would remember that. 
  Not only are Teddy and Jacob still estranged, but because of us, James Abbott torpedoed his career. 
  That's your problem, Miles. 
  You are so worried about not making things worse that you can't see what it takes to make them better. 
  Whatever is going on between Teddy and James Abbott, it runs deep, which means there isn't going to be an easy fix. 
  - Hey. 
  - Hi. 
  Joy, this is my sister, Ali. 
  Ali, this is Joy. 
  Please don't let the name fool you. 
  Okay, hi. 
  It's nice to meet you. 
  - I've heard a lot about you. 
  - Same. 
  Can I talk to you for a second? 
  Yeah. 
  Can you give us a minute? 
  Something happened between me and Dad, and I don't know how to fix it. 
  I am sure that whatever you guys are going through, you'll be able to work it out. 
  I'm leaving Harlem Episcopal and joining First Advent of Harlem. 
  He thinks it's about First Advent being an LGBTQ church. 
  - It's not? 
  - No. 
  When I came out, there were people at Harlem Episcopal, I mean, people who I thought were my friends who left the church because of me. 
  I know. 
  You do? 
  Dad told me a year ago, but he said that you didn't know. 
  How could I not? 
  And then from that moment on, it just it never felt like home. 
  Then you have to tell him. 
  If you don't, then he's not gonna understand why you're leaving. 
  It won't change anything. 
  All it would do is hurt his feelings. 
  There is a ceremony today at First Advent for new members. 
  Could you come down and be there with me? 
  Of course. 
  Thank you. 
  [CELL PHONE RINGS.] Hey, hey, Rakesh. 
  What's up? 
  - Miles, I've got some news. 
  - Okay, hold on. 
  After you told me about James Abbott shutting down Teddy's seminar, I did some digging, and I found something that might explain what's going on. 
  Okay, we're listening. 
  15 years ago, James Abbott wrote Teddy a check for $50,000. 
  He paid Teddy to walk away from his pregnant daughter. 
  And Teddy took the money. 
  - Yep. 
  - Okay. 
  - Thanks, Rakesh. 
  - You got it. 
  All right, we have to talk to Teddy. 
  - What? 
  - Teddy would rather give up his relationship with his son than have him find out the truth, trust me. 
  I think we can change his mind together. 
  I understand, but is there somebody from the city's permit office that I can speak to, please? 
  Thank you! 
  You've been so unhelpful. 
  [SIGHS.] Well, whatever James did to shut me down, I can't fight it. 
  - He's won. 
  - No, no, no, no. 
  He hasn't. 
  Not yet. 
  But he will unless you tell Jacob the truth. 
  Look, we know about the money that James paid you to walk away. 
  [DRAMATIC MUSIC.] [SCOFFS.] It was actually never about the money. 
  Telling myself I could be bought was just easier to live with than admitting the truth. 
  Which was what? 
  That he was scared. 
  Scared of being a father, scared of giving up his life, his future to raise a child, scared that even if he had stayed, he would end up resenting his life no matter how much he loved his son. 
  Well, it's not too late. 
  You can still make this right. 
  What the hell do you think you're doing here? 
  I'm here to talk to Jacob. 
  No, that's never gonna happen. 
  He has every right to speak to his son. 
  And if Jacob wants a relationship, it's gonna happen at some point. 
 
 
 
  That's right. 
  Can't stop him. 
  I don't need to. 
  You haven't changed, Teddy. 
  A man who is willing to walk away from the woman he loves and his unborn child for money doesn't change. 
  Go ahead, Jacob is in his room right down the hall. 
  Tell him. 
  Look your son straight in the eyes and tell him who you really are, what you did. 
  But just to make sure we're clear moving forward, you leave here right now and promise not to come back, and your little event at the hotel is back on. 
  I shut it down with a phone call. 
  Another call can fix it. 
  Don't listen to him. 
  Walk away, and I'll give you back the life you really want and everyone can go back to believing the lie that's Teddy Preston. 
  You can tell Jacob the truth. 
  You can have a relationship with your son. 
  No, he's right. 
  Jacob's better off without me. 
  Okay, okay, I'm sure Teddy's heading back to his seminar. 
  It is not too late. 
  We just need to figure out a way to convince him to tell Jacob the truth. 
  You don't get it. 
  No one is going to be able to convince him of that, least of all you. 
  Well, we have to do something. 
  Yeah, we do. 
  Hey, wait. 
  Where are you going? 
  Only way to fix this is to take a risk. 
  I need you to trust me, Miles. 
  This is the last location. 
  If we're supposed to find something, it's got to be here. 
  Pardon, we're not open yet. 
  Uh, do you mind if we just look around? 
  - Of course. 
  - Merci. 
  [SOFT MUSIC PLAYING.] - So how's your day? 
  - Ha. 
  I'll be happy when this is over and we can go our separate ways. 
  I still owe you an answer to your question you wanted to ask me if you ever came face-to-face with me again. 
  Yeah, I wanted to know what it feels like not to care about anything or anyone but yourself. 
  I want to know what it's like to go through your life like that. 
  It's lonely. 
  I'd imagine. 
  - Well, there's nothing here. 
  - Well, let's keep looking. 
  Maybe you'll recognize something. 
  Like what? 
  [ROMANTIC MUSIC PLAYING.] When the moon hits your eye Like a big pizza pie, that's amore - This song. 
  - "That's Amore. 
  " What about it? 
  It was the song that was playing when Miles and I had our first kiss. 
  It was the whole reason we had a first kiss in an Italian restaurant. 
  Well, I know you thought this was about helping Miles, but maybe it is about both of you, about your relationship. 
  No, no, I mean, Miles and I are good. 
  I never said you weren't. 
  It's just a song. 
  This is ridiculous. 
  Maybe this is the God Account's way of telling you that you shouldn't have left or that you should go back. 
  - No, no, I can't. 
  - Why? 
  [SCOFFS.] Before I left Miles was gonna tell me that he loved me. 
  But I told him not to, that if he did, I would say it back and I wouldn't leave. 
  [SOMBER MUSIC.] But I lied. 
  Because I couldn't tell him the truth. 
  You don't love Miles? 
  [SNIFFLES.] I've never felt this way about anyone before. 
  Not even close. 
  But for some reason, I I can't tell him that, and I don't know why. 
  So I got on a plane, and I gave myself six months to figure it out. 
  Hey, it's okay not to be ready. 
  You just have to tell Miles how you feel. 
  I don't need to say anything. 
  Maybe that's what the God Account's trying to tell you. 
  Okay, well, if it is, then it's wrong. 
  Because Miles is in New York and I'm here, so I don't need to face anything. 
  All right, look, I'm sorry. 
  Dude, the seminar's gonna start any minute. 
  - Where's Joy? 
  - I have no idea. 
  She said that she was gonna come and fix this, but she didn't say how. 
  Please take your seats. 
  The seminar's about to begin. 
  Where have you been? 
  Teddy doesn't think he deserves a relationship with his son because of what he did. 
  There's only one person that could ever convince him otherwise. 
  Jacob. 
  In order for that to happen, he had to know the truth. 
  That was Teddy's choice, not yours. 
  I'm sorry, you told Jacob that his own father took money to leave before he was born? 
  Yes, he's on his way over here right now to confront him about it. 
  To confront him? 
  What is that gonna do? 
  How is that gonna make things better? 
  What if he never talks to him again? 
  He will, but this needs to come first. 
  It's the only way. 
  I told you, Miles. 
  You just need to trust me. 
  [DRAMATIC MUSIC.] Jacob. 
  Oh Excuse me, can I have everyone's attention, please? 
  No, no, no, Joy, what is he doing? 
  My name is Jacob Abbott, and I'm Teddy Preston's son. 
  What the hell's going on? 
  What is he doing up there? 
  He told me that he wanted to come and talk to you. 
  I assumed it would be in private, but I guess he has other plans. 
  I came here today to share with you the kind of man he really is. 
  He talks about how he started out with nothing, a self-made man who overcame the odds. 
  But the truth is, he started out with $50,000, a check that my grandfather wrote to him to walk away from my mother and me before I was born. 
  This is the man who you've come to listen to today who you think has the answers to life's tough questions. 
  He doesn't! 
  He's a man you should want nothing to do with! 
  I know I sure as hell don't. 
  [CROWD MURMURING.] It's gonna be fine. 
  You can still fix this. 
  You just need to get up there, tell them that you invited Jacob here, that this is all part of your program of helping people face their fears. 
  You can fix this! 
  I hope so. 
  Hey, Jacob. 
  Hey, Jacob. 
  Please, just give me a minute. 
  Jacob, one minute, please, and I promise I'll never bother you again. 
  Jacob, please. 
  You're right, okay? 
  Everything you said onstage, you're right about all of it. 
  Except one thing. 
  Not a day goes by where I don't think about that moment. 
  I shouldn't have taken the money, but I did. 
  You left. 
  I know. 
  I know. 
  Look, if you want nothing to do with me, I don't blame you. 
  We don't know each other. 
  We don't have anything in common. 
  But, Jacob, if you just give me a chance, I will spend the next 15 years of my life proving to you that it was worth it, that this moment right now is the best one of my life. 
  Because this is the day where I finally got to meet my son and tell him how sorry I was for everything and that I was never leaving again. 
  Did you love her? 
  My mom? 
  More than anything. 
  Well, I guess we have that in common. 
  Yeah? 
  I need some time. 
  - Is that okay? 
  - Yeah. 
  I'll wait. 
  However long it takes, Jacob, I will wait. 
  Are you okay? 
  I don't know. 
  I think, for the first time in a long time, I might be. 
  Jacob said that he needs more time. 
  Which, after what just happened, I should have plenty of. 
  - Hmm. 
  - Sorry about that. 
  Well, I guess it's a small price to pay to be able to have a relationship with my son. 
  Thank you. 
  All of you. 
  So how did you know telling Jacob was the thing that would bring them together? 
  When I gave up my daughter, the one stipulation I had was that it was a closed adoption. 
  Why? 
  To make sure she could never find me, never be able to ask why I gave her up, why I didn't love her enough to keep her. 
  I knew I didn't have an answer that was good enough for either of us. 
  Teddy thought that he deserved his guilt, and I knew there was only one person who could tell him that he doesn't. 
  That's good advice. 
  Well, I have to be at work in a few hours, so I will see you guys later? 
  And, Joy, um you were right. 
  Maybe sometimes you have to take a risk. 
  - Still think she's the Lady? 
  - I don't know. 
  Hmm. 
  What's our next move? 
  Honestly, I thought you were right. 
  That after helping Teddy, we would figure out the message. 
  Hmm. 
  [CELL PHONE DINGS AND BUZZES.] God Account? 
  No, it's an alert from Teddy Preston's seminar informing me that I just won two tickets to visit the Statue of Liberty courtesy of Lady Liberty Cruises. 
  - Lady Liberty! 
  - Yeah. 
  Lady. 
  Follow the Lady. 
  Let's go. 
  Wait, I have to make a call to my dad. 
  There's something he needs to know. 
  [INDISTINCT CHATTER.]  
  - Excuse me. 
  - No problem. 
  What are you doing here? 
  Where's Miles? 
  Your brother called me and told me I needed to come down here for your welcoming ceremony for new members. 
  And what else did he tell you? 
  That you know what happened at Harlem Episcopal when you came out. 
  I'm sorry. 
  I told Miles not to tell you. 
  Well, he said telling me was a risk, but that it was one he needed to take to make sure that we were okay. 
  You wanted to leave Harlem Episcopal all this time? 
  Yes. 
  But you stayed because of me. 
  Harlem Episcopal has changed. 
  I made sure of it. 
  Did you come down here to tell me that? 
  No. 
  No, I came down here because I was so wrapped up in what Harlem Episcopal means to me, I never once asked what it means to you. 
  - I know this is tough. 
  - Mm-hmm. 
  But me leaving Harlem Episcopal does not mean that I'm leaving you. 
  [LAUGHS.] I know. 
  Um, you mind if I stay and get to know your new community? 
  I'd love that. 
  [BOTH LAUGH.] Man, I can't believe this. 
  Hey, what do you think we're gonna find? 
  No idea. 
  You don't sound very excited. 
  It's just I wish Cara was here for this. 
  That's why you wish Cara was here? 
  To help us solve the next God Account clue, really? 
  How romantic. 
  Look, man, it's not just that. 
  It's Look, even if I did figure it out, I can't imagine going on this new journey without her by my side. 
  Hey, Cara. 
  You always walk this fast? 
  It's Paris, you know? 
  Take in the sights a little bit. 
  Yeah, sorry I took off. 
  It's all right. 
  Are you okay? 
  Yeah. 
  So what are you doing here, Simon? 
  You know, you said to me the God Account doesn't do anything for no reason, right? 
  Yeah, but the God Account knows that I'm not ready to tell Miles that I love him. 
  Nothing's changed, so why point to all this stuff today? 
  I mean, how does this help Miles find his path? 
  I don't know. 
  But hey, you you do realize we're standing on the Pont de Grenelle, right? 
  And Grenelle was the last name of the photographer at the Fibonacci exhibition this afternoon at the gallery. 
  I don't know, maybe your answers are waiting for you here on the bridge. 
  - What do you think? 
  - It's doubtful. 
  But thanks. 
  - Okay. 
  - I'll see you tomorrow. 
  [SOFT MUSIC.] [LINE RINGS.] Hey. 
  - I was just thinking about you. 
  - You too. 
  It's Cara. 
  Any luck on figuring out who the Lady is? 
  [SIGHS.] I thought that the God Account was pointing me to the Statue of Liberty, but it's a dead end. 
  It's weird. 
  It felt right, you know? 
  Just wish I knew what I was missing. 
  Wait, Miles, I think you were right about the Lady being the Statue of Liberty. 
  You're just at the wrong one. 
  Wait, what are you talking about? 
  There's a Statue of Liberty here. 
  That's what the God Account was trying to tell me. 
  Miles, you need to come to Paris. 
  Cara, that has to be it. 
  I'm coming to Paris 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 