Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x03 - From Paris with Love - God Friended Me 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x03 - From Paris with Love https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=862&t=34619 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/14/19 16:46 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x03 - From Paris with Love 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "God Friended Me" The God Account sent Joy the Friend Suggestion, not you. 
  If I'm gonna do this, I need to do it my way. 
  Why didn't you tell me you were a public defender back in Chicago? 
  Miles was gonna tell me that he loved me. 
  But for some reason, I, uh, I can't tell him that. 
  Did you finally tell her you love her? 
  - I don't need to say anything. 
  - But you want to. 
  You miss the God Account. 
  Why would the God Account be taken away from me? 
  The God Account left a message on your wall. 
  Follow the Lady. 
  Find your path. 
  I think you were right about the "Lady" being the Statue of Liberty. 
  You're just at the wrong one. 
  You need to come to Paris. 
  The God Account has never been easy and almost always requires you to take a risk, which is why I need to follow the Lady. 
  Who [CHUCKLES.] 
  it turns out, happens to be in Paris, along with another very important lady my girlfriend, Cara. 
  So stay tuned, the "Millennial Prophet" is going international. 
  [UPBEAT POP MUSIC.] 
  Hey, Rakesh, can you hand me those headphones? 
  Here you go. 
  So do you really think there's a clue waiting for you in Paris? 
  The fact Cara and I both ended up in front of the Statue of Liberty in two different cities at the exact same time it must mean something. 
  And if you're wrong? 
  The God Account gave me a purpose, and when it was taken away from me, I felt lost. 
  And then it sent me this message, which it has to mean there is something else it wants me to do, and if I don't figure out what that is, then it's over and I don't want it to be. 
  [CELL PHONE CHIMES, BUZZES.] 
  Oh. 
  All right, the Lyft is here. 
  I gotta go. 
  And remember, if you get a Friend Suggestion while I'm gone, give me a call. 
  Any time, okay? 
  I'll be fine. 
  Plus, she has me. 
  - [MOUTHS WORDS.] 
  - [CHUCKLES.] 
  So you're finally gonna be face-to-face with Cara, dude. 
  You gonna tell her you love her or what? 
  Yeah. 
  It's Paris! 
  One of the most romantic cities in the world. 
  What better place is there? 
  Hey, don't forget to send a postcard. 
  [CHUCKLES.] 
  Okay. 
  Wait, so Miles is coming here to Paris? 
  Okay, I know what you're gonna say. 
  Yesterday you admitted that you weren't ready to tell Miles that you loved him, and you didn't have to deal with that fact because he was in New York. 
  You really think you can just stick your head in the sand and hope he doesn't bring it up? 
  Look, if he does, I'll deal with it, okay? 
  But in the meantime, he's coming here to figure out what the God Account wants him to do next, and I'm gonna need yours and Simon's help to make that happen. 
  So what kind of help do you need? 
  Well, yesterday it seemed like all the clues were pointing to Paul Grenelle. 
  You're in the art world. 
  I was thinking you could look into him for me? 
  Yeah, but the bridge is named after the neighborhood, not the family. 
  No, I get that, but I also know the God Account. 
  Something is there. 
  Let me see what I can find out. 
  Thank you. 
  [FRENCH POP MUSIC.] 
  Uh, merci. 
  Merci. 
  De Ville uh Hey, uh, excuse me. 
  Uh, do you know where 14 Rue de Ville is? 
  [SPEAKING FRENCH.] 
  Um, I think the phrase you're looking for is, [SPEAKS FRENCH.] 
  I missed you. 
  I missed you, too. 
  I was thinking tomorrow we could meet up with Annie. 
  She's been looking into this guy, Paul Grenelle, who we think is connected to the God Account. 
  Before we get caught up in the God Account of it all what do you say we just take the night to catch up? 
  I like that plan. 
  [UPBEAT MUSIC.] 
  So, how's the God Account going without Miles around? 
  I haven't gotten a Friend Suggestion yet, but I am going to miss arguing with Miles about everything when I do. 
  [CHUCKLES.] 
  I have been arguing with Miles for 24 years. 
  It's never not fun. 
  [LAUGHTER.] 
  Let me know if you need any help - whenever you do get one. 
  - Thanks. 
  [CELL PHONES CHIMES, BUZZES.] 
  Oh, nice! 
  So this arcade game I bought from Facebook Marketplace is finally arriving tomorrow. 
  I can't tell you how lucky I am. 
  It just it popped up on my feed, right, couple of weeks ago, for sale, and you know me I pounced. 
  It's gonna look great in the office. 
  A video game for your office? 
  Really, Rakesh? 
  Well, you know, some people buy plants. 
  I bought a game. 
  Which by the way, will never die because I didn't water it. 
  Anyway, I'm meeting Jaya uptown at this new dumpling place, so, yeah. 
  I don't want to be late. 
  I'm headed uptown. 
  I'll give you a lift. 
  - Thanks, Ali. 
  - Bye. 
  - Later, guys. 
  - So this girlfriend of your, am I ever going to meet her, or she the imaginary kind? 
  Ha! 
  Hilarious. 
  Not only is she real, she's like, a badass doctor, okay? 
  Actually, you might kind of like her. 
  She's the take-charge type, - just like you. 
  - [CHUCKLES.] 
  Wait, which one's your ride? 
  The red one at the end. 
  The red one getting the ticket? 
  Hey, you, meter maid! 
  Stop! 
  It's Officer Matthews, ma'am. 
  I'm within the posted time limit. 
  Why are you giving me a ticket? 
  Violation of code 45, obstruction of traffic. 
  You're marked more than 18 inches off the curb. 
  Are you kidding me? 
  Have you even measured how many inches off the curb I am? 
  Well-played. 
  I can still sue the city for random enforcement of a statute without cause, so why don't you take your little pad there, rip up that ticket, and we can all go on our separate ways. 
  I'm happy to go our separate ways. 
  You have a nice day. 
  Wow, she is the worst. 
  [CELL PHONE BUZZES.] 
  [SOFT DRAMATIC MUSIC.] 
  You've gotta be kidding me. 
  What is it? 
  Meter maid is my new Friend Suggestion. 
  God, isn't Paris the most beautiful city you've ever seen? 
  Mm-hmm. 
  You're not looking, are you? 
  - Mm-mm. 
  - [LAUGHS.] 
  Come on, who needs Paris when I can be face-to-face with you? 
  Well, it definitely beats face time with FaceTime. 
  Hey, um, Cara since we're finally together, there's something I need to tell you. 
  [PHONE CHIMES, BUZZES.] 
  - Wait, it's from the God Account. 
  - "The Bridge Unlocks Your Future"? 
  What bridge? 
  Bridge? 
  The lock bridge. 
  It's famous for couples hanging locks as a symbol of their love. 
  Interesting. 
  Uh, I think they cut all the locks off 'cause it was weighing the bridge down. 
  It's a public safety risk, so um, anyways, should we go check it out? 
  Well, what about the Statue of Liberty? 
  I mean, maybe the God Account just used the Statue of Liberty to get you here, but it seems like it's pointing us in another direction. 
  What do you say? 
  Yeah. 
  Get my coat. 
  This is why you called me down here? 
  To watch you play a video game. 
  Uh, not just any video game, "Galactic Ninja" 8 bits of beautiful, two-dimensional, low-res gaming enjoyment. 
  Isn't she glorious? 
  You wanted to check on me, didn't you? 
  See how I was doing with my Friend Suggestion? 
  Nuh-uh, absolutely not. 
  But you know, since you mentioned it, how are things going? 
  Sarah's worked for the New York City traffic enforcement office for 20 years. 
  Husband named Dan, he's in sales. 
  No kids, and they live in Brooklyn. 
  Okay, it's a good start. 
  Anything else? 
  From what I can see from her old photos, she's got a happy life. 
  I mean, see for yourself. 
  I mean, I guess the whole point of social media is to make it seem like you're living your best life at all times, right? 
  But the God Account wouldn't send Sarah your way if everything was fine. 
  [PHONE BUZZES.] 
  - - [SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC.] 
  Uh, you got a text. 
  Hmm? 
  Everything okay? 
  Just a text from a friend back in Chicago. 
  So, uh, did you tell Miles you got a new Friend Suggestion? 
  - Nope. 
  - Why? 
  If I'm going to do this, I need to know I can do it on my own. 
  Do it my way without Miles's help. 
  Yeah, I respect that. 
  All right, well [CLEARS THROAT.] 
  only thing left to do is turn her on. 
  [SOFT DRAMATIC MUSIC.] 
  Yeah, she's dead. 
  The ad said it was in good working condition what? 
  Anyway, I'm off to pay Sarah a visit. 
  No, wait, I cleared my entire afternoon to play "Galactic Ninja", but clearly, that plan is ruined, so I'm coming with you. 
  No, Rakesh, I got this, remember? 
  Okay, yeah, I get that. 
  But from my experience, the God Account works best as a two-player game. 
  Fine. 
  If you wanna schlep all the way out to Brooklyn, - be my guest. 
  - Okay. 
  [GROANS.] 
  All right, so, any thoughts on what we're looking for? 
  I think it's safe to say that we are firmly in the "we'll know it when we see it" part of the journey. 
  What? 
  So why did the God Account bring me all the way to Paris to solve a riddle? 
  Why not just give me the answer in New York? 
  Well, maybe it's about something else. 
  What could it be about? 
  Maybe the God Account knew how much I missed you. 
  Right. 
  It has always been so considerate when it comes to our feelings. 
  [CHUCKLES.] 
  Simon? 
  - Hey, Miles. 
  - Hey! 
  How are ya, man? 
  - Good, good to see you. 
  - Yeah, yeah, yeah. 
  What are you doing here? 
  Uh, I texted Simon to come help us. 
  Filled him in the new message, figured we could use all the brain power at our disposal - to crack this thing. 
  - Yeah, yeah, sure. 
  Hey, how's Henry and Pria? 
  They're good, they're good. 
  They send their best. 
  'Bout you guys? 
  Find anything? 
  - Any clues? 
  - Nothing. 
  I don't know what we're missing. 
  You have any ideas? 
  Uh, as a matter of fact, I often find that stepping away from a problem is the best way to solve it. 
  So, uh, why don't you join Annie and I for some lunch? 
  Wait, you and Annie are having lunch together? 
  Well, I assume Cara told you about her friend whose life I destroyed. 
  She may have mentioned it. 
  Anyway, I managed to convince her that breaking bread, in a way, implies forgiveness. 
  And, you know, everyone's gotta eat. 
  So what do you say, you wanna join us? 
  Sounds good. 
  She's looking into the Grenelles. 
  Maybe she's found something. 
  All right. 
  The vendor says I can't return the game, they have an as-is policy. 
  You're a lawyer, maybe you can help me fight this? 
  You know, threaten a lawsuit or something. 
  You want to take legal action over a broken video game? 
  Yeah, I do! 
  I thought you were a tech genius. 
  Just fix the thing. 
  Ugh, okay. 
  Sound legal advice. 
  Can I ask you something? 
  What happened to your career as a public defender in Chicago? 
  [CLEARS THROAT.] 
  You saw the text, didn't you? 
  Yeah, I'm sorry. 
  It popped up before I could look away. 
  What's the hearing about? 
  - It's nothing. 
  - Come on. 
  Hearings aren't usually about nothing, right? 
  Anything I can do to help? 
  Thanks, but that part of my life is in the past. 
  We're here. 
  This is Sarah's house. 
  What's the game plan? 
  Simple. 
  Knock first, figure it out second. 
  Zeke! 
  - I'm in. 
  - [KNOCKS ON DOOR.] 
  Zeke, Zeke? 
  Please tell me you did not track me down to my house to talk about that ticket. 
  Wait! 
  She's trying to apologize for yesterday. 
  Yes, but I can see now is not a good time. 
  Is everything okay? 
  No, my brother Zeke wandered out of the house again. 
  He has early onset dementia. 
  I called some of the neighbors. 
  No one's seen him. 
  You were supposed to keep an eye on him, Dan! 
  I can't keep my eye on him every second of the day. 
  He's getting worse, Sarah. 
  Uh, it looks like you guys need a little help looking for Zeke. 
  And it just so happens that my friend Joy and I, we are in the helping people business, right? 
  - That's us. 
  We're here to help. 
  - Who are they? 
  She's trying to get out of a ticket. 
  No, I'm not, I promise. 
  We really do want to help, and each minute we spend here is another minute that Zeke is out there, lost. 
  [SOFT DRAMATIC MUSIC.] 
  Okay. 
  Great! 
  Let's go find your brother. 
  [FRENCH POP MUSIC.] 
  I can't believe you were able to convince Annie to go to lunch with you. 
  That's a nice gesture. 
  Well, I'm trying to go beyond just a gesture, actually. 
  What do you mean? 
  Well, I reached out to an old friend of mine who publishes "Le Frairie" here in Paris, and I got her an interview. 
  - Wow, Simon, "Le Frairie"? 
  - Um, what is that? 
  It's like the "Vanity Fair" of France, - it's world-renowned. 
  - Oh, that's awesome. 
  Yeah, maybe it'll get her writing again, you know? 
  [PHONE CHIMES.] 
  Oh, it's Annie. 
  Um Change of plans, she wants us to meet her at the University of Paris. 
  She knows a professor there that might have a lead on the Grenelles and why the God Account might be leading us to them. 
  I've called all the places Zeke wandered off to in the past. 
  They're going to call me if he shows up. 
  He's wandered off before? 
  Yeah, it's been happening more often lately. 
  He had his good days and his bad. 
  How long has he been living with you? 
  About a year. 
  The first six months were manageable, but then I had to start working from home to take care of him. 
  Hasn't been easy. 
  Have you thought about getting help, or putting him in assisted living? 
  You mean send him away? 
  He's my brother, I won't do that. 
  The truth is, the kind of places that could really help Zeke, we can't afford they're just too expensive. 
  We can make it work, Sarah, somehow. 
  We already tried everything! 
  My parents are gone Zeke's the only family I have left. 
  So I owe it to him now to take care of him, and that's what I'm gonna do. 
  [CELL PHONE RINGS.] 
  Hello? 
  Yeah, hi, Bruno. 
  Okay. 
  We'll be right there. 
  Thank you so much. 
  Zeke! 
  Oh, there you are! 
  - Hey, buddy. 
  - Hi. 
  You okay, hon? 
  Uh, I'm waiting for Mom to come and pick me up. 
  Oh, um, Mom asked me to come instead. 
  - Bruno, thanks for calling. 
  - You got it. 
  Come on. 
  Come on, Zeke, let's go. 
  Thanks for your help. 
  Thank you so much. 
  What do we do now? 
  Her brother has dementia. 
  How are we supposed to help with something like that? 
  And don't say, "Call Miles. 
  " Look, just 'cause the God Account has never reached out to me, you know, personally, doesn't mean that I haven't worked on every single Friend Suggestion he's ever had, right? 
  Okay, so what do you suggest we do? 
  No idea. 
  But we know someone who might Ali. 
  Right. 
  She's studying to be a therapist, maybe she has some insight on how we can help Sarah and Zeke. 
  Not bad, Rakesh. 
  Thank you, Joy. 
  Well, from what you're telling me, it sounds like you need to figure out a way to get Sarah and her husband some financial help to care for Zeke. 
  Yeah, but I don't know where to start. 
  Hey, Dad! 
  Dad, this is Joy. 
  She's working on a Friend Suggestion. 
  Ah, Arthur Finer. 
  So nice to finally meet you. 
  Same. 
  So, you've taken over the God Account for Miles. 
  Exciting. 
  That's one word for it. 
  [LAUGHS.] 
  Well, if there's anything we can do to help, just ask. 
  Actually, Dad, don't you have a friend who works in the city employee benefits office? 
  I do, why? 
  Because my Friend Suggestion is a traffic enforcement officer and needs help getting her brother into assisted living. 
  Well, the city has incredible programs to help their workers. 
  I would be happy to put you touch with my friend to see if they can help. 
  Thanks! 
  That would be amazing! 
  Annie, this is Miles. 
  - Hi, it's a pleasure to meet you. 
  - Hi. 
  Nice to meet you, I've heard so much about you. 
  - [CHUCKLES.] 
  - Oh. 
  Uh, so, what'd you find out about the Grenelle family? 
  Well, it turns out that the gallery we went to the other day with Paul Grenelle's work is owned by his granddaughter, Audrey Grenelle. 
  I didn't even know she was in the art world. 
  Great, maybe she'll have some answers. 
  So, how do we get a hold of her? 
  That's the thing, she's a jet-setter. 
  She's not even in Paris right now. 
  My friend Yves teaches in the Art History department here and he knows Audrey Grenelle. 
  So he said he had some information for us, and asked us to meet him here. 
  [CELL PHONE CHIMES.] 
  Oh, I'm sorry, it's Rakesh. 
  - I'll be right back. 
  - Yeah. 
  Hey, Rakesh, what's up? 
  Nothing much, typical Monday. 
  Joy got a new Friend Suggestion, but you did not hear that from me. 
  Okay, okay, who's it for? 
  Someone named Sarah Matthews, but that's not why I called. 
  I saw a text on Joy's phone that I wasn't really supposed to see. 
  From who? 
  Illinois Bar Association? 
  Something about a hearing next week, but she won't talk about it, so I'm thinking maybe I should do a little digging. 
  Look, if she's not ready to talk about it, digging will only make it worse. 
  She'll open up when she's ready. 
  Yeah, you're right. 
  So, how are things in Paris with Cara? 
  Good. 
  I was about to tell her I love her, but then the God Account sent us a new clue. 
  Okay, so what's the clue mean? 
  I don't know, but Cara's friend Annie might have a new lead. 
  I appreciate the offer, Simon, really. 
  But "Le Frairie" is not for me. 
  Why not? 
  Because I'm not interested in writing one-column fluff pieces and tacky celebrity worship columns. 
  I get it, you know, I do. 
  But Annie, it's a start. 
  The story that you killed five years ago, Simon, was gonna put me on the map. 
  Those stories, they come along once in a lifetime, if you are lucky. 
  So unless you can magically somehow change the past, thank you, but no thank you. 
  Uh, hey, is everything okay? 
  Yeah, fine. 
  Annie! 
  [SPEAKS FRENCH.] 
  [SPEAKS FRENCH.] 
  So, thank you for meeting us. 
  What did you find out about Audrey Grenelle? 
  It turns out she has a private collection on loan at the Louvre. 
  Who's the artist? 
  That's the thing, there isn't one. 
  The art was created by artificial intelligence. 
  The exhibit is called, "The Future of Art". 
  The lock bridge leads directly to the Louvre. 
  [SOFT DRAMATIC MUSIC.] 
  The bridge unlocks your future. 
  [SOFT DRAMATIC MUSIC.] 
  - [EXHALES DEEPLY.] 
  - Hey. 
  You know we actually have to go inside to see the exhibit, right? 
  I guess it's just hitting me all at once. 
  I mean, we're at one of the greatest museums in the world because there is something inside the God Account wants me to see. 
  Something, if you take the clues literally that's gonna show me my future. 
  Hey whatever we find inside, we'll deal with it together. 
  Now come on, let's find out what your future is. 
  Hey, is Sarah home? 
  Uh, she's at work. 
  What's going on? 
  I found some aid programs that help city workers get their families into assisted living facilities. 
  Sarah's already looked into every possible option for finding Zeke a good place, she never misses anything. 
  Uh, my guess is we didn't qualify. 
  But you do qualify. 
  I spoke with someone in the benefits department and she said that Sarah never applied. 
  [SOFT PIANO MUSIC.] 
  Unbelievable. 
  I'm sure she didn't know. 
  I'm sure she did. 
  [EXHALES DEEPLY.] 
  I can't believe she would keep this from me, knowing that she had a chance to get Zeke the help he needs. 
  Thank you. 
  I'll make sure she gets this. 
  [LINE RINGING.] 
  Rakesh, call me back. 
  I think we may have a problem. 
  [CELL PHONE CHIMES.] 
  Welcome to Zelda's. 
  How can I help you? 
  Um, we were wondering if you knew a woman named Sarah Matthews. 
  Sorry, no. 
  - What about Zeke Ramos? 
  - Never heard of him. 
  [BOTH SIGH.] 
  You wouldn't happen to know how to fix a "Galactic Ninja" arcade game, would you? 
  Uh What? 
  You told me to fix it. 
  I'm not familiar with "Galactic Ninja", but there's someone here who knows it well. 
  Hey, Gary, can you come out here for a sec? 
  [LIGHT DRAMATIC MUSIC.] 
  Hi. 
  These two want to know how to fix a "Galactic Ninja" stand-up. 
  Oh, "Galactic Ninja"! 
  I haven't thought about that game in years! 
  Yeah, it was my favorite as a kid. 
  Oh, yeah, mine too, man. 
  What a game, right? 
  I bought it online but it just doesn't turn on when I plug it in. 
  The fuse burns out on those games a lot. 
  That's probably your issue. 
  Carl, can you grab a two amp slow-blow fuse? 
  Just open up the back of the machine, pop the fuse in right next to the AC input, you'll be right as rain. 
  - Okay. 
  - Yeah, good luck. 
  - Thank you! 
  - Yeah. 
  Looks like you got your problem solved. 
  The God Account doesn't do anything by accident, right? 
  So what am I missing? 
  Maybe this is about me fixing my game. 
  Like, the God Account's doing me a solid for all my hard work. 
  No, it's definitely about Sarah. 
  How can you be so sure? 
  Because she's standing right there. 
  What are you two doing here? 
  Is everything okay, Sarah? 
  No, it's not. 
  That was just Dan on the phone. 
  He told me about your little visit. 
  I was only trying to help. 
  Well, you made it worse. 
  Dan's packing a bag and he said he's gonna go stay with his sister. 
  He says, "Either Zeke goes into assisted living or our marriage is over. 
  " Okay, you know what? 
  Dan is right. 
  Excuse me? 
  You have the opportunity to put Zeke into a great place where he can get the care that he needs, and yet, you are choosing not to at the cost of your marriage - why? 
 
 
 
  - None of your business. 
  You told me you love Zeke. 
  Something deeper's holding you back what is it? 
  I ruined his life! 
  Okay? 
  What do you mean? 
  When when Zeke and I were teenagers I found out that he was gay. 
  And it was a different time back then, our our parents were very conservative. 
  I was always a rule-follower. 
  And I thought it was the right thing to do to tell them. 
  I outed him, I broke up our family, and after that, they sent Zeke off to boarding school, we we never spoke again. 
  And then he got sick. 
  You're taking care of Zeke as penance. 
  It's the least I can do for him. 
  You have to forgive yourself, Sarah. 
  For Zeke, for your marriage, and most importantly, for you. 
  Can't. 
  What's done is done, and there's no changing that. 
  Could you just please just just please leave us alone? 
  The exhibits should be around here somewhere. 
  Okay, it's just that way. 
  [SOFT DRAMATIC MUSIC.] 
  Uh, excuse me, excuse me! 
  Is there any way we could take a look at the art? 
  Sorry, the exhibit's over. 
  I please, please. 
  It is really important. 
  Everything's sealed up. 
  Well, do you know where it's headed next? 
  It's not. 
  This was a one-time showing. 
  [EXHALES DEEPLY.] 
  I don't understand. 
  Those paintings are the only way for us to figure out what the God Account wants me to do next. 
  I mean, how are we supposed to see them now? 
  I don't know. 
  Wait, it doesn't make any sense. 
  Why would the God Account send me all the way here - if the exhibit is closed? 
  - I don't know - maybe we got the clue wrong. 
  - No, no, no, no, no. 
  There's something else we're missing, something we're supposed to do, I I just have no idea what it could be. 
  Um I think I know. 
  You do? 
  Yeah I don't think the God Account sent you here just to solve its riddle. 
  I think it sent you here because I needed to tell you something. 
  What are you talking about? 
  I didn't just come to Paris 'cause it was a great opportunity. 
  I came because it gave me a chance to run. 
  Run from what? 
  The day that I left for Paris you were gonna tell me that you loved me. 
  I told you not to that if you did, I wouldn't leave. 
  Yeah, I remember. 
  Yeah, that wasn't true, Miles. 
  I didn't want you to say it because I wasn't gonna say it back. 
  Well, why not? 
  Because I'm not ready. 
  The last thing that my mom and I said before she left was, "I love you. 
  " I thought after all this time that I put it behind me, but I guess I'm just still that little girl sitting on a bench waiting for her mom to come home. 
  It's - Hey, no, babe - I'm sorry, Miles. 
  There's nothing to be sorry about. 
  Nothing. 
  And if that is the reason the God Account brought me here, then I'm glad. 
  - You are? 
  - Yeah. 
  I always want us to be honest with each other. 
  Because if we are, then I know that we can survive anything. 
  [INQUISITIVE MUSIC.] 
  Miles. 
  Look. 
  The Museum gift shop. 
  They'll have prints from the exhibit. 
  If you're right, the answer's inside. 
  Let's go. 
  [INQUISITIVE MUSIC.] 
  Hi, excuse me. 
  Do you have any more prints - from the "Future of Art" exhibit? 
  - Mm-hmm, - it's in the back. 
  - Thank you. 
  Okay, uh, where do we start? 
  Maybe scan the titles? 
  Could lead us in a direction. 
  I got "Tranquil", "Unanswered", "Forbidden" "Reckoning" and "Erased". 
  - What? 
  - The path. 
  Follow the lady, find your path. 
  That's gotta be it. 
  Wait, this image is made entirely out of binary code. 
  Why did the God Account want me to see this? 
  Maybe there's a message hidden in the code. 
  We need to convince Sarah that she can still help Zeke and save her marriage, but I don't know how. 
  Well, isn't that what lawyers do? 
  Make strong closing arguments? 
  Rakesh. 
  Look, you don't have to talk about the hearings if you don't want to, but as a friend, I just want you to know that I'm always here to listen. 
  After I gave up my daughter for adoption, I couldn't shake the feeling that maybe I made the wrong decision. 
  And I knew I could never move on with my life unless I knew that her life turned out okay. 
  Mm. 
  So, six months ago I forged a subpoena from a family court judge and I unsealed her adoption records. 
  It was the only way. 
  And it was worth it. 
  [CHUCKLES.] 
  Because I found my daughter. 
  I stood across the street from her house, I I I saw her with her family and she looked happy. 
  [CHUCKLES.] 
  And in that moment I knew that I made the right decision no matter the consequences. 
  So you got disbarred? 
  Well, technically I was suspended. 
  But that hearing is about whether or not I should be disbarred. 
  And you're going to the hearing, right? 
  I was an officer of the court and I violated that privilege. 
  I was deceitful in my behavior, I don't deserve to be reinstated. 
  Yes, but Joy, everyone deserves a second chance. 
  You're right, and I got mine with the God Account. 
  That's why I cannot fail at this, too. 
  [SIGHS.] 
  [INQUISITIVE MUSIC.] 
  Bruno's pizza. 
  Yeah, sure, I can eat. 
  No, Rakesh, look, it's a sticker for Bruno's Pizza. 
  This is where this is where Zeke wandered off to. 
  You said the game popped up for sale on your Facebook feed. 
  Maybe that wasn't a coincidence. 
  Put the fuse in maybe this is the answer we're looking for. 
  [8-BIT MUSIC PLAYS.] 
  Ki-ya! 
  Take me to your leader! 
  God, I love this. 
  [INQUISITIVE MUSIC.] 
  Wait, Zeke and Gary? 
  Like, Gary from the game shop? 
  Gary said he used to play this game all the time as a kid. 
  This is why Zeke kept going back to Bruno's. 
  He was looking for Gary. 
  This is what the God Account was trying to tell us! 
  [LAUGHS.] 
  If this is about Zeke, I don't want to talk about it anymore. 
  Okay, but there's someone here you should listen to. 
  [SOFT DRAMATIC MUSIC.] 
  Hi, Sarah. 
  I'm Gary Washburn. 
  I was a friend of Zeke's. 
  I know exactly who you are. 
  Zeke and I used to meet at Bruno's every day after school and play "Galactic Ninja" for hours. 
  [CHUCKLES.] 
  We were best friends. 
  And eventually first loves. 
  But then Zeke got sent away to boarding school and a few years later, we lost touch. 
  I'm so sorry, Gary, but I'm the reason that Zeke was sent to boarding school. 
  I told my parents about you two. 
  No, Sarah. 
  You weren't the reason your parents sent him away. 
  Zeke came out to your parents before you said anything. 
  How do you know that? 
  Because Zeke told me. 
  He also said he didn't regret coming out. 
  He said that telling your parents his truth was the best decision he ever made. 
  All those years we never spoke, I thought Zeke hated me. 
  No. 
  You didn't destroy your family, Sarah. 
  It's time to forgive yourself. 
  [CELL PHONE CHIMES.] 
  Hey, hey, Rakesh. 
  How's the Friend Suggestion? 
  We did it, Miles! 
  Well, technically Joy did, but I'm proud to say I was a huge part. 
  Mission accomplished. 
  All right, that's great, I am proud of you guys. 
  I can't wait for you to fill me in when I get back. 
  Now, in the meantime, I'm going to send you a print that we found at the Louvre. 
  We think it could be a message from the God Account. 
  It's made up of binary code. 
  Okay, say no more. 
  I'm all over it. 
  Okay. 
  Uh, I gotta go. 
  It's my last night in Paris with Cara. 
  I'll see you when I get back. 
  [SOFT DRAMATIC MUSIC.] 
  Well, I just got off the phone with Annie and her friend Eve found out that Audrey Grenelle's opening a new art gallery. 
  Where? 
  New York. 
  [CHUCKLES.] 
  That's great! 
  Okay, Rakesh and I will head down there as soon as I get back. 
  Sounds good. 
  You okay? 
  Yeah, it's just I forgot how much I miss this. 
  Me, too. 
  But hey, we still have tonight, right? 
  Yeah, we do. 
  [CHUCKLES.] 
  [KNOCK AT DOOR.] 
  We're here to see "Galactic Ninja". 
  Come on in! 
  It's right over there. 
  Isn't she beautiful? 
  Look, Zeke. 
  You remember that game? 
  Let's take a look. 
  I got some news. 
  Dan and I found a great care facility for Zeke through the city program that you found, Joy. 
  Yeah, it's 24 hours security and it's just a quick subway ride from the house, so we can visit him every day. 
  I'm really happy to hear that. 
  I don't know why you were so invested in my problem, but I'm grateful. 
  You're welcome! 
  Sarah. 
  [SOFT UPLIFTING MUSIC.] 
  Zeke? 
  I've missed you. 
  I missed you, too. 
  I love this game. 
  Can I play? 
  Of course, yeah! 
  Um actually, that's part of the reason why we asked you guys to come down here, is 'cause Zeke should have the game. 
  Make his new place feel like home. 
  And lift me up Do you hear that, Zeke? 
  You can play as long as you want, now. 
  Thank you, Rakesh. 
  Man, the Eiffel Tower is beautiful at night. 
  Yeah, it really is. 
  [EXHALES DEEPLY.] 
  You know, I see why you fell in love with this place. 
  There's a magic to it. 
  I'm glad you're here with me, Miles. 
  Ever since I got here, I feel like there's been something missing. 
  And now I know what it was. 
  So if you hear me, I need to know What? 
  I love you, Cara. 
  And I know you can't say that yet, and it's okay because I'm not going anywhere. 
  So take all the time you need. 
  Thank you, Miles. 
  Lift me up [VOCALIZING.] 
  Well, I can't think of a better way to say "goodbye" than that. 
  Actually, I don't think this is goodbye. 
  What are you talking about? 
  I belong in New York, Miles. 
  [CHUCKLES.] 
  Are you sure? 
  What about Simon's book? 
  It's never been my story to tell. 
  My story is in New York with you and Rakesh and the God Account. 
  That's where I belong. 
  Just took coming back to Paris to realize. 
  I'm glad you did. 
  Yeah, me too. 
  And you know what? 
  We'll always have Paris. 
  [CHUCKLES.] 
  Yeah, we will. 
  [KHALID'S "FREE SPIRIT".] 
  We were running onto something And we didn't say forever, but it's all we wanted You were so in love with simple things That's it! 
  [CLAPS.] 
  I guess this is goodbye. 
  I'm so proud of you, Cara, for going back to New York and following your story. 
  Thank you. 
  And I think it's time for you to do the same. 
  No way. 
  Look Annie, you said it yourself. 
  This is a once-in-a-lifetime story. 
  Come on, what do you say, Annie? 
  Uh, I'd say that I'm not interested in authoring your story of triumph. 
  Neither am I. 
  I want you to tell my entire story, the good and the bad. 
  How I stole the code from Henry, how I buried your first book. 
  I don't care any more what people think of the person I used to be, because I know who I am now. 
  Tell me when you're falling We'd have to set some ground rules. 
  Of course. 
  Can you hear me calling? 
  Is it everything you're dreaming of? 
  Ah! 
  You two! 
  [LAUGHTER.] 
  Have a great trip! 
  - Thank you. 
  - Thank you. 
  Oh, your heart, your heart Take care, man. 
  All right. 
  Free spirits Hey. 
  You ready to go home? 
  More than ever. 
  Spirit, oh 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 