Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x20 - Que Será, Será - God Friended Me 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x20 - Que Será, Será https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=862&t=33415 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/15/19 07:00 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x20 - Que Será, Será 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "God Friended Me" Please, welcome back to "The Millennial Prophet" my old friend, Rabbi Zoe Schwartz. 
  Someone calling themselves God on Facebook started sending me random Friend Suggestions. 
  - Miles, Cara. 
  - Graham. 
  If you hadn't shown up today, who knows what the next 10 years would've looked like. 
  They're nominating you to become Bishop of New York. 
  Always trust your heart, because it will never steer you wrong. 
  I think I love her. 
  Simon wasn't the recipient of the bone marrow transplant. 
  He was the donor. 
  - Hello, Miles. 
  - Pria? 
  So this is Henry Chase. 
  Simon stole Henry's code. 
  He stole Juliet. 
  You want to destroy Simon's code? 
  Pria's trying to hack into the server farm. 
  - You have to stop her. 
  - It's gone. 
  Because of you, we couldn't stop her, and now it's all gone. 
  - We gotta fix this. 
  - How? 
  The God Account just sent me a new Friend Suggestion. 
  Simon Hayes. 
  [HIP-HOP MUSIC] 
  Okay, wait. 
  Let me get this straight. 
  You're fired, you're fired, and you're probably fired. 
  Yep, that about sums it up. 
  Turns out, Simon Hayes isn't behind the God Account. 
  He actually created a code that could possibly end global warming one day. 
  Okay, so if Simon Hayes isn't behind the God Account, does that mean Henry Chase is? 
  No idea, and right now it doesn't matter. 
  This is our fault. 
  We need to make things right. 
  The God Account thinks we can help Simon and that is exactly what we're going to do. 
  Okay, but how? 
  His code is gone. 
  True, but that doesn't mean it can't be rebuilt. 
  Its foundation is the Juliet code, and the person who created it is Henry Chase. 
  That's who we have to find. 
  Okay, so just so we're clear, we need to track down a reclusive genius that no one has seen in over a decade and reunite him with his sworn enemy so that they can possibly save the world one day? 
  Yeah. 
  I think everything that we have doing has led us to this. 
  We have to get this one right, and we can, but only if we do it together. 
  Y'all up for this? 
  Dad, can you stop pacing? 
  You're making me nervous. 
  [CHUCKLES] 
  I'm sorry, sweetheart. 
  Election results are coming in any minute. 
  I'm just anxious is all. 
  Dad, no matter what happens, we're here for you. 
  Arthur. 
  So? 
  We just got word from the diocese. 
  Unfortunately, they're going with Reverend Thompson. 
  I'm sorry, Dad. 
  I know Reverend Thompson. 
  He's a good man and he'll be an excellent bishop. 
  So thank you, Diana, Lester, for all that you've done. 
  Are you okay, Arthur? 
  Um, fine. 
  Are you sure there's no way to save your job? 
  If you had written that article saying Simon Hayes was behind the God Account, "Catapult" could've been sued. 
  I know, and I told Wilson Hughes that exact same thing right before he fired me. 
  But, you know, it's it's fine, 'cause everything happens for a reason, right? 
  Hold on. 
  Do you already have a gig lined up? 
  I may have gotten an email from a book publisher this morning. 
  She's been reading my articles, and she thinks that the stories I've been writing would make for an amazing nonfiction book. 
  That's amazing. 
  [CELL PHONE BUZZES] 
  Oh. 
  Hey. 
  - Any luck tracking down Henry? 
  - Not yet. 
  We're on our way to talk to Simon. 
  I know we're the last people he wants to see, but he might be the only one to help us find Henry. 
  Yeah. 
  Okay, well good luck and call me after. 
  See ya. 
  So, uh, you want to talk about it? 
  Talk about what? 
  Dude, last night you told me you were in love with Cara. 
  You can't just drop an epic bombshell like that and act like it's no big deal. 
  Okay, it's a big deal. 
  Yeah, it is. 
  I mean, man, I had no idea you felt that way about her. 
  You know, the crazy part about it is I've never been so certain about anything. 
  Well, that's great, man. 
  What's the problem? 
  I don't know. 
  Yo, like, what if it's too fast? 
  Right? 
  What if she doesn't feel the same? 
  But what if she does? 
  If you don't put yourself out there, you'll never know. 
  I thought I made it pretty clear last night that I never wanted to see either one of you again. 
  We came to apologize, Simon. 
  To make things right. 
  But we think there is a way that you can still rebuild your code. 
  Trust me. 
  I can't. 
  Without the original code, there is absolutely no way to rebuild it. 
  You mean the Juliet code? 
  [LAUGHS] 
  Pria. 
  She said you stole the Juliet code from Henry, and she couldn't sit back any longer and watch you profit off of his work. 
  Well, that makes two of us, because I had no intention of profiting off of it. 
  Wait, what do you mean? 
  I've been testing this code for eight months, okay? 
  The results have been revolutionary. 
  Last month, the code predicted a flash flood in the Hudson River basin down to the minute. 
  Once I realized I had something that could save lives, I didn't want to sell it. 
  I wanted to give it away. 
  That's what you wanted to announce at the gala. 
  Yes. 
  When Henry created the code, he wanted to share it with the world in the hopes that people would work together to help each other out. 
  And that's what I was gonna do last night. 
  It was your way of reaching out to Henry to apologize. 
  I've been looking for him for years. 
  After what I did, I knew it was gonna take more than just, uh, an apology. 
  That's why we have to find Henry, so you both can rebuild what you lost together. 
  Even if you could find him which you can't he's not gonna help. 
  Besides, I, uh [SIGHS] 
  I have a more pressing matter that I have to deal with. 
  W what's that? 
  My board has called an emergency meeting in which I will no doubt be defending my job. 
  I gotta get back to Palo Alto. 
  I really wish it had worked out, but it didn't. 
  Simon leaves for Palo Alto tomorrow, which means we have to find Henry quick. 
  And still no word on Pria? 
  She's totally off the grid. 
  There must be something we're missing. 
  A clue that we're not seeing. 
  Yeah, maybe you're right. 
  I mean, Henry's been at the center of the God Account since the beginning. 
  Maybe that clue is one of our Friend Suggestions? 
  Yeah, it's a good thought, but none of our Friend Suggestions even knew Henry. 
  Actually, one did. 
  Graham Hastings. 
  He played chess against Henry's computer program - when he was at Columbia. 
  - That's right. 
  And he was the one who told us Falken was Henry Chase. 
  We thought that was all he knew, but maybe we were wrong. 
  There's only one way to find out. 
  Checkmate. 
  - Graham. 
  - Miles. 
  - Great to see you guys. 
  - So good to see you too. 
  Looks like you rediscovered your love for chess. 
  I never realized how much I missed it until I started playing again. 
  I read, uh, Xander passed a few months ago. 
  I'm sorry. 
  Thank you. 
  I was lucky enough to be there with him in the end. 
  And I've kept my promise. 
  I teach Annabelle every day after school, though, sometimes she feels more like the teacher than the student. 
  [LAUGHTER] 
  So what brings you guys down here? 
  Well, last time we spoke to each other, you mentioned that you knew Henry Chase. 
  - That's right. 
  - We really need to get in touch with him. 
  We're kind of hoping you'd know where he'd be. 
  Sorry, I haven't seen Henry since he disappeared. 
  Wait, if that's the case, then how did you know he became Falken? 
  No one knew his true identity. 
  Look, Henry values his privacy. 
  He doesn't want to be found. 
  Graham, we wouldn't be here if this was not important. 
  When's the last time you heard from him? 
  [SIGHS] 
  Two days ago. 
  Okay, wait, let me get this straight, you heard from Henry Chase two days ago? 
  That's right. 
  We played chess. 
  He's in New York? 
  Honestly, I have no idea. 
  Wait, how do you have no idea? 
  Because you guys play online. 
  How long have you guys been in touch? 
  Ever since I played chess against his computer program. 
  He had a love for the game. 
  We became friends. 
  You know, if we know when Henry's online, I can just try and trace his IP address, find his location. 
  You think you could set up a game? 
  Look, I want to help, but Henry was a friend when I really needed one. 
  I don't want to betray his trust. 
  Henry went underground, because he had a falling-out with his best friend. 
  Now together they were going to change the world. 
  We think they still can. 
  But only if we can bring them back together, like we did for you and Aleksander. 
  I'll send Henry a message. 
  - All right. 
  - I'll text you a time. 
  Thank you. 
  All right, well, I'm gonna go grab my laptop. 
  I'll see you guys at your place, yeah? 
  Cool. 
  So how's your job search going? 
  Um, surprisingly well. 
  A publisher contacted me about turning my articles into a book. 
  - That's amazing! 
  - Yeah, I know. 
  I mean, I've always wanted to write something like this. 
  I I still can't believe it. 
  I can. 
  You're a talented writer. 
  I knew things would work out for you. 
  Do you feel the same about us? 
  I do. 
  Good. 
  'Cause I think we should keep taking it slow, not risk screwing it up again. 
  Is that okay? 
  Yeah. 
  It's okay. 
  [CELL PHONE CHIMES, BUZZES] 
  Uh, Christina from FreeVerse? 
  She says we need to meet. 
  It's urgent. 
  Yeah, yeah, go. 
  Rakesh and I can meet you at your place. 
  Okay. 
  Steak burger, medium rare, crispy fries. 
  Thank you, sweetheart. 
  You want to talk about it? 
  There's Nothing to talk about. 
  And it was an election. 
  Someone had to lose. 
  Then what is it? 
  What does it say about me that the election board doesn't have any faith in my leadership? 
  How will my parishioners view me now? 
  They're gonna view you the way they always have. 
  As the man they turn to for hope, guidance, and leadership. 
  Then why do I feel like I'm not that man any longer? 
  Because you were prepared to move on, and you just need some time to settle back into your old life. 
  And what if my old life turns out to be just that? 
  Then you will find a way to make it new. 
  Thanks for meeting me. 
  I'll get right to the point, Miles. 
  Okay. 
  We received a cease-and-desist letter from Singular Dynamics. 
  They're threatening to sue us for defamation of their CEO, Simon Hayes, if we don't take your podcast down. 
  I don't understand. 
  How can they do that? 
  Well, they're claiming you and your friends hacked their servers and destroyed valuable intellectual property because you thought Simon Hayes was behind the God Account. 
  Okay, first of all, we didn't destroy anything. 
  It was someone named Pria Amar, and secondly, my friends and I are trying to help Simon right now. 
  Look, the Board of Singular Dynamics is clearly doing damage control after last night, and we don't have the resources to take on a billion-dollar company with an army of lawyers. 
  What are you saying? 
  We're pulling your podcast and won't be putting it back on. 
  - Miles? 
  - Yeah, Rakesh, what's up? 
  Just heard from Graham. 
  Uh, Henry's going to be online in half an hour. 
  - You need to get back here. 
  - Okay. 
  - I'm on my way. 
  - Hey, you okay? 
  How'd everything go with FreeVerse? 
  [SIGHS] 
  Not good. 
  Um, Singular Dynamics is suing FreeVerse. 
  They're shutting down my podcast. 
  I'm so sorry, Miles. 
  You know, if the board finds out we're still meddling in Simon's life, they might come after us in a much more serious way than just shutting down your podcast. 
  The God Account has never steered us wrong. 
  Okay, we have to stay the course, no matter the consequences. 
  Yeah, absolutely. 
  Guys, you're not gonna believe this. 
  I just found Pria. 
  She's getting into a car, - about to take off. 
  - Miles, you need to follow her. 
  - She might help us locate Henry. 
  - Yeah, no kidding. 
  Hey! 
  Hey! 
  Oh! 
  Taxi! 
  Taxi! 
  Damn it. 
  [TIRES SCREECH] 
  Miles. 
  [LAUGHS] 
  Hasan? 
  I thought it was you. 
  Hey, uh, Hasan, I need to follow that car. 
  Any chance you can give me a lift? 
  - Hop in. 
  - Thank you. 
  - Uh, Miles. 
  - Uh-huh. 
  The car we are following has something to do with God's Account? 
  Uh, something like that. 
  Ah, that reminds me. 
  Send me your address. 
  The invitations are going out in two weeks for Tarah and David's wedding. 
  - You're inviting me? 
  - Of course. 
  And Cara and Rakesh. 
  If it wasn't because of you, Tarah would have eloped, and I would've missed the chance to give my daughter away. 
  Well, I'm just glad we were able to help you two find the path to get back to each other. 
  Speaking of finding your path to somewhere how's Cara? 
  What do you mean? 
  Miles. 
  [LAUGHS] 
  I may have been blind to Tarah and David's love, but you and Cara? 
  [LAUGHS] 
  We're good, we're good. 
  It's just, um She wants to take things slow. 
  And you don't? 
  No. 
  I guess not. 
  Miles you were the one who showed me how important love is in someone's life. 
  If that's how you feel, you should tell her. 
  Oh, you can pull over out here. 
  Thanks, Hasan. 
  Please tell Tarah and David I said hello. 
  I will. 
  Please don't forget to send me your address, okay? 
  [TENSE MUSIC] 
  I'd say I'm surprised to see you, but I imagine you've been looking for me. 
  I'm sorry, Miles. 
  I know what the God Account meant to you, but it's the only way I could prove myself to Henry. 
  Pria, that was not the God Account you destroyed. 
  What? 
  Simon's project was a code designed to predict natural disasters before they happen, his way of using the Juliet code to help people. 
  Just like what Henry always wanted. 
  I had no idea, but unfortunately, it can't be undone. 
  No, but the God Account sent us Simon's name, which means it can be fixed. 
  We just need to find Henry. 
  He's the only one that can help rebuild it. 
  I'd love to be able to help you, but if Henry hasn't reached out already, he never will. 
  Is that why you're here? 
  Praying for Henry to come back? 
  No. 
  I'm praying for more time. 
  What do you mean? 
  I'm sick. 
  [SOMBER MUSIC] 
  Leukemia. 
  I thought I'd beaten it, but it's come back. 
  I'm afraid there's nothing more the doctors can do. 
  I'm sorry. 
  I've spent the last few months making peace with it. 
  There's a lot of things I can reconcile in life, but not what happened with Henry. 
  That's why I've been so desperate to find him. 
  To make things right. 
  It's not only that. 
  I love him. 
  I always have. 
  I never told him. 
  Looking back that's the biggest regret I have. 
  If I had, then maybe he would've stayed. 
  I think I'm supposed to help you do that. 
  - Me? 
  - Mm-hmm. 
  But the God Account gave you Simon's name. 
  Yeah, but I think it wants us to help the three of you. 
  I think you're supposed to come with me. 
  Henry's not running any sort of encryption program, probably 'cause he assumes nobody is watching him play chess, so I should have his location in a couple minutes, as long as you keep her 10 feet away from my computer at all times. 
  - Happy? 
  - Yeah, that's better. 
  [CELL PHONE CHIMES, BUZZES] 
  Everything okay? 
  Yeah, I just got an email from that book publisher. 
  Wilson Hughes reached out to them and told them that my articles were property of "Catapult," and that any book based on them - is an infringement of copyright. 
  - Are you kidding? 
  No, no they canceled my meeting. 
  Oh, Cara, I'm I'm sorry. 
  Yeah, me too. 
  I mean, I thought I was finally gonna be able to write a book. 
  Uh, guys, I just got a hit on Henry's location. 
  He's here in New York. 
  My God. 
  I might actually be able to see him again. 
  Where is he? 
  That's the thing. 
  He He's at Identity Seal. 
  What the hell is he doing there? 
  No sign of Henry. 
  I don't understand. 
  He should be here. 
  Well, maybe you got it wrong. 
  I got a bad feeling about this. 
  What the hell is going on? 
  Hello, Simon. 
  Pria, right. 
  Should've guessed. 
  What are you all doing here? 
  We were looking for Henry and we traced him here. 
  Look, the last place Henry is gonna be, is at any of my companies. 
  Trust me. 
  He's right about that. 
  Henry. 
  I knew you wouldn't stop looking for me, so I thought we should all talk. 
  You know who we are? 
  I know everything. 
  Are you behind the God Account? 
  No. 
  I had no idea who any of you were, until you broke into my parents' apartment a few months back. 
  Wait, you were there? 
  I saw you through the building security feed. 
  And once I figured out who they were, I hacked into Miles's computer and saw the God Account, and I've been watching you ever since. 
  When Graham reached out today, you realized it was us. 
  That's why you agreed to play, to lead us here. 
  I needed to put an end to all of this before it got started. 
  I will never help you, Simon. 
  Yeah. 
  You made that pretty clear when you tried to destroy my code the first time. 
  Well, did you tell them why? 
  Did you tell them the kind of man you are? 
  Yeah, I stole your code, and I know you're not gonna help me, but I'm not that man anymore. 
  You were trying to profit from my work last night like you always wanted to from the start. 
  No, I was gonna give your work away for free, just like you wanted to from the start. 
  - It's true. 
  - It's not. 
  All he cares about is himself. 
  That's not true, Henry. 
  Five years ago, I was diagnosed with Leukemia. 
  If it wasn't for Simon, I would've died. 
  You're the one he donated his bone marrow to. 
  And even though the cancer has come back, if it wasn't for Simon, I wouldn't be alive today. 
  It came back? 
  The point is, he saved me. 
  Look, the three of you set out to do something special. 
  It's not too late. 
  Nah, it is. 
  I'm sorry, um, just please stay away. 
  That's all I want. 
  Look, Simon and Pria clearly want to reconcile with Henry. 
  Yeah, but Henry's still stuck in the past, still angry over what drove them apart. 
  Yeah, I don't think it's anger. 
  I think it's fear. 
  He lost the two people that meant the most to him. 
  Yeah, that's true. 
  [CELL PHONE CHIMES, BUZZES] 
  Th the God Account just sent a reminder. 
  Please save the date for the Bat Mitzvah of Erica Katz. 
  - Who's Erica Katz? 
  - I have no clue, but she has a Bat Mitzvah tomorrow at Sinai Temple. 
  Wait, how is going to a Bat Mitzvah supposed to help us convince Henry to repair his relationship with Simon? 
  I don't know, but the God Account thinks it can. 
  Simon leaves town tomorrow, so this is our last chance. 
  Whatever is going on down there, I think they all need to see it. 
  You guys reach out to Pria and Simon, I will text Graham. 
  Hopefully, he can get a message to Henry. 
  - Cool. 
  See ya. 
  - Yeah. 
  See ya. 
  Hey, hey. 
  What's up? 
  I know you have a lot going on with the God Account, but Dad is taking his loss pretty hard. 
  I've given him some space, but I think this might be a good time for a father-son talk. 
  Yeah, you're right. 
  He's been there a lot for me lately. 
  It's time that I'm there for him. 
  Mind if I join you? 
  Of course not. 
  Um everything okay with your latest Friend Suggestion? 
  [SIGHS, SPUTTERS] 
  Challenging, but that's not what I came to talk to you about. 
  What's going on, Dad? 
  I am not really sure. 
  I'm struggling, son. 
  It's about the election? 
  It's more than that. 
  When you and I were at that diner upstate yesterday, and I was reminded of the decision that I made all those many years ago not to take that interview in Chicago, I knew in my heart that was the right decision, and it led to Harlem Episcopal. 
  That feeling back then, that kick in my heart, I had that same feeling about the election. 
  I was so certain becoming Bishop was the next step in my path. 
  That choice you made all those years ago, it wasn't about leading you to Harlem Episcopal. 
  It was about leading you back to Mom. 
  Maybe you weren't wrong about the feeling you were having. 
  Maybe you were wrong about what it was trying to tell you. 
  When did you get so smart? 
  Hmm. 
  Well, it's all about knowing what you want. 
  - Right? 
  - Mm-hmm. 
  How did you and Cara do convincing Simon and Pria? 
  Well, uh they were both a little confused by the idea of crashing someone's Bat Mitzvah, but if there's a chance they can get Henry back, they said they're willing to go along. 
  Any word from Graham? 
  No, I texted him earlier, but I haven't heard anything back yet. 
  Not sure what else I can do. 
  Yeah, too bad you can't just text the God Account, ask for a little help. 
  Maybe I can. 
  I'll call you right back. 
  [EXCITING MUSIC] 
  - - [TYPING] 
  [COMPUTER CHIMES] 
  [EXHALES] 
  How'd you find me? 
  A little help from the God Account. 
  What do you want, Miles? 
  I want you to come with me. 
  Where? 
 
 
 
  To Erica Katz's Bat Mitzvah. 
  Hm. 
  You really believe in that God Account, huh? 
  In helping people? 
  I used to be a believer too. 
  I think you still are, or at least you want to be. 
  You just can't let yourself. 
  I was there the day my sister died. 
  I was 10 feet away from her before the flash flood hit. 
  [SNIFFLES] 
  I couldn't save her. 
  That's why I created the Juliet code, to stop something like that from happening, and it never did, and it never will. 
  So what good is the future if you cannot fix the mistakes of the of the past? 
  You need to come with me. 
  I think there's something there you're supposed to see. 
  It sounds like you're asking me to have faith. 
  No, I'm asking you to trust me. 
  I have to be at a board meeting in a few hours that decides my future, and I'm at Erica Katz's Bat Mitzvah. 
  Hey, you're in temple. 
  Have a little faith. 
  Mm. 
  Hey, guys. 
  Henry. 
  I'm glad you came. 
  Yeah, well, Miles was pretty convincing, plus, I'm more than curious what we're gonna find here. 
  Miles? 
  - Zoe? 
  - What are you doing here? 
  Oh, I forgot this is your temple. 
  It is. 
  I'm a little confused. 
  Are you here for the Katz's Bat Mitzvah? 
  Yes, you can say that. 
  It's about the God Account. 
  It led me and my friends here to Erica Katz. 
  I see. 
  Actually I'm not surprised the God Account gave you Erica's name, although you're a little late. 
  - Uh, what do you mean? 
  - Erica nearly drowned last month on a family camping trip. 
  It's a miracle she's even here today. 
  Do you think we could talk to her? 
  Of course. 
  I'll introduce you. 
  She has an amazing story. 
  Erica, Sharon. 
  - This is Miles Finer. 
  - Hi. 
  Nice to meet you. 
  - Hi. 
  - I want you to meet him and his friends. 
  Hi. 
  [LAUGHS] 
  Would it be okay if they asked you about what happened last month? 
  Ugh, we're so blessed. 
  God was really looking out for Erica that day. 
  What do you mean? 
  Uh, we were on a family camping trip, and there was a flash flood. 
  Where were you? 
  Hudson River basin. 
  It's where we always go. 
  You said your code predicted a flash flood there last month. 
  Yeah, we contacted the local authorities, and they got the word out. 
  Erica was down the river, swimming, and luckily, they pulled her out right before the flood hit. 
  Without that warning, she wouldn't be here. 
  Simon and Henry are the ones that came up with the technology that predicted that flood. 
  I do not know what to say. 
  Because of you, I still have my daughter. 
  [SNIFFLES] 
  You really did it, Simon. 
  You did it. 
  No, man, you did it. 
  [UPLIFTING MUSIC] 
  Don't blame yourself for me 'Cause I spaced myself from you 'Cause I got tired of hurting you But now I'm hurting too It's nice to meet you, Erica, and I'm glad that you're okay. 
  Thank you. 
  I need you tonight Call it a waste of time Or call it right But don't call it off Just call it black and white Hey, I got your message. 
  You said you needed to talk. 
  Is everything okay? 
  Uh, yes. 
  Um But I I do have news. 
  After everything that's happened, I've been thinking a lot about my place in the church. 
  What my role should be moving forward, and after careful thought and prayer I've come to a realization. 
  Okay. 
  For the past 25 years, I've led this church to the best of my ability, but it is time for a new journey, so as of this morning, I've decided to step down as head priest of Harlem Episcopal. 
  Wow. 
  Arthur, are you sure? 
  I've never been more certain, and I wouldn't be leaving if it wasn't in the good hands of Reverend Carver. 
  I've worn this collar for a very long time. 
  Being a man of the cloth has been the great calling of my life. 
  But I'm ready to be just a man again. 
  Ready to be just a father. 
  And more than that, ready to be just a husband. 
  Arthur, what what what are you saying? 
  I want to spend the rest of my life with you. 
  Trish, will you marry me? 
  [LAUGHS] 
  Um For the record? 
  Yes. 
  It is about time the three of you ended up here with some good news. 
  Yeah, it's been a rough couple of days, but I'm glad it all worked out. 
  I never had a doubt. 
  Yeah, right. 
  [LAUGHTER] 
  Hey. 
  How'd it go with the board? 
  Not very good. 
  They said I'm out. 
  - Oh, I'm sorry. 
  - That's okay. 
  We're still gonna do everything I said. 
  Simon and Pria are coming back to Paris with me, and we're gonna rebuild Simon's technology. 
  And when we're done, we're gonna share it with the world. 
  Just like we set out to do, and we couldn't have done it without the three of you. 
  That reminds me, I called Christina from FreeVerse. 
  - You did? 
  - Told her that, uh, if she had the, uh, podcast back on her platform by the end of the day, they'd be receiving a, uh, sizable angel investment, so FreeVerse is gonna reach a far bigger audience, - and so are you, man. 
  - Thank you. 
  - Thank you so much. 
  - You're welcome. 
  Uh, Rakesh, one of my last acts as CEO was to create a new division at, uh, Identity Seal. 
  R&D. 
  You're gonna head it up. 
  [BOTH LAUGH] 
  Thanks. 
  What what am I supposed to be working on? 
  Anything you want. 
  Okay. 
  And then you. 
  Um, somebody told me that you had a book offer that your boss killed. 
  Is that right? 
  Yeah, yeah, that's right. 
  - Still dead. 
  - Oh. 
  But you're way too talented to be recycling your articles into a book. 
  You need a new story, and, uh, we want you to come to Paris with us. 
  Wha [LAUGHS NERVOUSLY] 
  - Wait, really? 
  - Yeah. 
  Look, the next six months are gonna lay the foundation for everything we're gonna do, and we want you to write a book about it. 
  [LAUGHS] 
  I don't even know what to say. 
  Thank you. 
  But I I can't just move to Paris on a whim, so I get it. 
  It's a big decision. 
  Um, look, we leave in a couple of days. 
  You let us know, all right? 
  Buy me a beer? 
  Yes, sir, of course. 
  Miles. 
  Thank you so much. 
  Without you, I would never have found Henry. 
  Did you tell him how you feel? 
  Well, seeing as we're all back together, - I'm not sure it matters. 
  - Of course it does. 
  Look, he deserves to know, and you deserve to say it. 
  Hey. 
  There's something I need to tell you. 
  What's up? 
  Something I should have said a long time ago. 
  I love you, Henry. 
  I always have. 
  I just wish I'd told you before you left. 
  Hm. 
  Well, I'm glad you finally did. 
  That was crazy. 
  Yeah. 
  [LAUGHS] 
  - Look, Miles - You have to go to Paris. 
  It's an opportunity of a lifetime. 
  Plus, you're the one that always said it was your dream to live there. 
  What about us? 
  I'll still be here, waiting to read your new book. 
  So I'm moving to Paris, then. 
  Yes, you are. 
  Hey, can I get you guys something to drink? 
  Actually, I think drinks for everyone, and your best champagne, please. 
  Oh, fancy. 
  What's the occasion? 
  Well, Trish and I come bearing news that we want to share with you. 
  [TOGETHER] 
  We are getting married! 
  [CHEERING] 
  - Congratulations! 
  - Thank you. 
  Okay, okay, okay, drinks on the house! 
  [CHEERS AND APPLAUSE] 
  Joyful Joyful Welcome back to "The Millennial Prophet. 
  " Today, I have a very special guest. 
  Someone who I would've never imagined would be sitting across from me when I first started my podcast, but a lot has changed since then. 
  Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome my father, - Lord Vader himself. 
  - [CHUCKLING] 
  Arthur Finer. 
  Well, thank you, Miles, and if I were being honest, I never expected to be sitting across from you, either. 
  - Yeah, what changed your mind? 
  - You did. 
  I don't think you realize how far you've come. 
  What started out as a critique of religion, has evolved into a conversation about hope, about faith. 
  Having faith in God and having faith in people are two very different things. 
  - Are they? 
  - Oh, here we go. 
  Are you sure you left the pulpit, 'cause you still sound like a reverend to me. 
  Well, just because I took off the collar doesn't mean my beliefs have changed. 
  I'm just starting a new journey. 
  Kind of like you and the God Account. 
  - How so? 
  - Well, it seems that you've come back to square one in figuring out who's behind it. 
  Are you okay with that? 
  That you may never know? 
  Actually, I am. 
  What I've learned is that question isn't the most important thing. 
  Helping people, changing lives, making a difference, that's what matters most. 
  Well, look at that. 
  [LAUGHS] 
  We finally agree. 
  [LAUGHTER] 
  You sure you don't want us to come to the airport with you? 
  Uh, yeah, I should probably get my goodbyes out of the way here, so I'm not that sad girl crying in the security line. 
  Mm-mm. 
  Nobody wants that. 
  [LAUGHS] 
  I'm gonna miss you, Bloom. 
  Gonna miss you too. 
  All right, I'll give you guys a minute. 
  Well, I guess this is it. 
  You know, I wouldn't be going to go live out my dream if it wasn't for you. 
  And I wouldn't have been able to do any of this if it wasn't for you. 
  For the past 17 years, I've been lost. 
  And then you come into my life, and you change everything. 
  Cara, what I'm trying to say is Stop. 
  Please, don't say it. 
  Because if you say it, then I'm gonna say it, and I won't be able to get on that plane. 
  I will see you in six months. 
  I'll see you then. 
  Okay. 
  [UPBEAT PERCUSSIVE MUSIC] 
  Tell her a story Tell her the honest truth You treat her better How come you didn't tell her? 
  Because she already knows. 
  - My man. 
  - [LAUGHTER] 
  All right, I gotta go. 
  I'm checking out this new apartment. 
  - You know, Jaya's moving back. 
  - Oh. 
  Yeah. 
  I figured might as well find a place of my own, and get out of your hair a little bit. 
  - I'll see you later, man. 
  - See you, man. 
  Miles Finer? 
  That's right. 
  It's not funny, okay? 
  Okay. 
  Don't act like you don't know who I am. 
  I don't, so Okay, uh, look, this is gonna sound crazy, but yesterday I got a friend request from someone calling themselves God on Facebook, and they sent me your name. 
  - Boom, clap! 
  - The sound of a heart The beat goes on and on and on and on, oh 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 