Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x04 - All Those Yesterdays - God Friended Me 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x04 - All Those Yesterdays https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=862&t=34694 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/21/19 15:36 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x04 - All Those Yesterdays 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "God Friended Me"  
 The gallery we went to the other day was actually owned by Audrey Grenelle. 
  She has a private collection at the Louvre. 
  This image is made entirely out of binary code. 
  My story is in New York with you. 
  I love you, Cara. 
  I know you can't say that yet. 
  So take all the time you need. 
  After I gave up my daughter for adoption, I unsealed her adoption records and it was worth it. 
  I saw her with her family, and she looked happy. 
  It feels good to be back in New York and with a new mystery to solve. 
  The God Account led me to Paris where I found a painting called "The Path," and this painting holds the answer to my future. 
  So, yeah, things are getting interesting. 
  So, I had my coding team digitize the painting, make sure we're not missing anything obvious that we couldn't see before. 
  I don't think the image is what we were supposed to be focused on. 
  This is the code overlay on top of the image. 
  This has to be where the message is hidden. 
  So, I've been running the code through a decryption software for the last 48 hours straight. 
  - And? 
  - Well, it's a process. 
  So, nothing. 
  Without that pattern key used to create it, there's no way to determine which of the digits are important and which aren't. 
  Okay, so how do we get our hands on the key to unlock it? 
  Well, I'd need access to the AI program that created the painting, and the only person  
  - who can give that to us is - Audrey Grenelle. 
  Were you able to find out when her gallery opening is? 
  Yeah, it's tomorrow, but I spoke with Annie, and Audrey Grenelle rarely attends her own gallery openings. 
  There must be a way to get in contact with her. 
  I say we head down there, maybe we can find someone who can get us in touch with her. 
  It's worth a shot. 
  Wha hold up. 
  I'm sorry. 
  So now Cara's back, and suddenly I'm not a part of the team anymore? 
  Don't you need to research and develop or something? 
  It's not like I'm putting hammer to a nail. 
  Okay? 
  I'm thinking about stuff all the time. 
  Plus, hey, the gang's back together. 
  I don't wanna miss out on anything. 
  Do you have any idea what he actually does here? 
  Not even a little. 
  Hi, can I help you? 
  We're hoping to speak with Audrey Grenelle. 
  It's about a painting in one of her collections. 
  I'm sorry, Ms. 
  Grenelle's not here. 
  Is there any way you could get in touch with her for us? 
  Who are you, again? 
  Just fans. 
  We're just hoping to talk to her, ask her a few questions. 
  I'm sure she'd appreciate your interest, but she's an extremely busy woman. 
  I'm sorry I couldn't be of help. 
  The painting is called "The Path. 
  " It was part of "The Future of Art" exhibit. 
  I saw it at the Louvre. 
  Yeah, you're very lucky. 
  That was a one-time exhibit, very limited. 
  Yeah, I know. 
  I traveled all the way to Paris just to find that painting. 
  Look, I know this might sound crazy, but I think there's a hidden message in it. 
  I just wanna ask her a few questions about it. 
  She'll be at the opening tomorrow, but I'd get here early. 
  She rarely stays long. 
  Looks like we're about to meet the elusive Audrey Grenelle. 
  Yes, and when we do, maybe, finally, we'll get some answers So, our Friend Suggestion, Teddy Preston, is about to step out in front of a packed house when his son shows up and took the stage. 
  He did what? 
  Why? 
  I might have told him everything. 
  It worked out in the end. 
  I have to say, I like your style. 
  Thank you. 
  Miles thinks I'm impulsive. 
  What? 
  Hey, no, no, no, I never said "impulsive. 
  " Okay, I did, but now, I see the value of taking a risk. 
  Did you get a Friend Suggestion? 
  What? 
  Um, no, it's work, actually. 
  They need me to fill in for someone. 
  Sorry, this has been great, but I really need the money. 
  - I'll see you guys later? 
  - Mm-hmm. 
  It was really good to meet you, Cara. 
  Yeah, you too. 
  What? 
  - Y'all catch that? 
  - Catch what? 
  Joy on her phone. 
  I think she got a Friend Suggestion. 
  Why would she lie to us? 
  I don't know, but I'm telling you, I know that look. 
  Okay, Miles, if she got a Friend Suggestion, she'd have told us, all right? 
  This is probably about her disbarment hearing back in Chicago. 
  - It's in a couple of days. 
  - Yeah, it's possible. 
  Miles, come on. 
  Why wouldn't she tell us if she got a Friend Suggestion? 
  We're a team. 
  Maybe she doesn't wanna be a part of a team anymore. 
  Okay, she's only been doing this, like, a month. 
  I'm sure she still wants your help. 
  Yeah, no, you don't know Joy. 
  What if she thinks she's ready to move on? 
  What if she has moved on? 
  Which means the time we spend helping Friend Suggestions could be over. 
  Look, I know how much helping these Friend Suggestions means to you, to all of us. 
  So, maybe you should just talk to Joy, see what she's thinking. 
  I'm so glad you were able to reconnect with Annie. 
  Yeah, me too. 
  The fact that she took over writing the book for you and what a small, strange world we live in sometimes. 
  Yeah, you get used to it when you're dealing with the God Account. 
  Well, I'm glad she's writing again, and I'm glad you're back. 
  Oh, before I forget. 
  Liv has a soccer game this afternoon. 
  I know it's last minute, but is there any chance you could make it? 
  I know she'd love to see you. 
  - I'll be there. 
  - Great. 
  So any news on the job hunt? 
  Not yet, no. 
  You just got back. 
  Work will figure itself out. 
  Yeah, hopefully, my living situation will too. 
  What do you mean? 
  The woman who's subletting my apartment can't move out early, so looks like I'm living on Parker's couch for the next few months. 
  You know, we have that spare bedroom at the house. 
  Oh, I wouldn't wanna impose. 
  You wouldn't be. 
  Oh, we would love to have you, Cara. 
  Sorry, I shouldn't push. 
  Just think about it, okay? 
  I will, thanks. 
  Hi, excuse me. 
  I'm a friend of Joy's. 
  Is she here? 
  No, she's not working today. 
  - Thanks. 
  - Mm-hmm. 
  Hey, hey, Rakesh. 
  Miles, hey, did you know that the Grenelles can trace their nobility back to the original court of Louis XI? 
  Hey, Rakesh, I appreciate the dive into the Grenelle family, but I just swung by Joy's job, and she wasn't there. 
  Oh, so she did lie to us. 
  Damn, uh, well, Miles, maybe you were right about her getting a Friend Suggestion. 
  Yeah, something's going on. 
  All right, just give me a couple of minutes. 
  I'll track her phone and text you her location. 
  Okay. 
  What do you want, Miles? 
  Just wanna make sure you're okay. 
  Did you get a new Friend Suggestion? 
  What does it matter? 
  It matters 'cause we're a team. 
  Well, what happened to our Obi-Wan-Loo thing we had going on? 
  I release you from your obligation. 
  It's not an obligation. 
  We're friends. 
  I want to help. 
  You barely know me, Miles. 
  That's not true. 
  We are the only two people in the entire world who understand what it feels like to have this responsibility. 
  If you wanna do this on your own, I get it, but be honest with me. 
  Yes. 
  I got a Friend Suggestion, but that's not why I lied to you. 
  I I don't wanna do this on my own. 
  In fact, right now, I don't even think that I can do this at all. 
  Why? 
  Who's the Friend Suggestion? 
  My daughter. 
  The whole reason I gave her up was so that she could have a better life, so that could be happy. 
  And up until now, I thought I made the right choice, but now that the God Account sent me her name Hey, Joy Joy. 
  We don't even know what her problem is. 
  There is no reason to jump to worst-case scenario. 
  Really? 
  'Cause it sort of feels that way. 
  Joy, come on. 
  Miles is right. 
  We just need to figure out what's going on in her life and fix it, like we always do. 
  We have a pretty good track record. 
  She's gonna be fine. 
  So where do we start? 
  Allow me. 
  Hmm, she's 13, which means she just got a Facebook account, which means it's a shiny new toy, which means she's probably on it all the time. 
  All right, let's see what we got here. 
  Looks like she helps out at her parents' grocery store and a couple of posts about how much homework Mr. 
  Lindenburgh is giving. 
  Wait, Rakesh, pull up that soccer photo. 
  That's my sister, Liv. 
  Normally, I'd say that's a crazy coincidence, but this is the God Account we're dealing with. 
  They have a soccer game this afternoon. 
  I was gonna meet my mom there. 
  There's probably a good chance her parents will be there too. 
  We can go down there, talk to 'em, and see what we can find out. 
  Soccer it is. 
  Now, there is no going back now, because we've already signed you up. 
  Trish, I don't know about this. 
  Signed up for what? 
  Your father mentioned that he always wanted to take tennis lessons. 
  One off-hand comment. 
  One. 
  Dad, that sounds like fun. 
  What's the problem? 
  I don't know. 
  It just feels like something that retired people do. 
  Well, I sold my music in, and you left the church. 
  I think that's the definition of retirement. 
  Oop, she got you there. 
  Thank you. 
  - Arthur. 
  - Oh. 
  Sorry to interrupt. 
  I just wanted to say hello. 
  Bishop Thompson, what a pleasant surprise. 
  I'm sure you remember my fiancÃ©e, Trish, and my daughter, Ali. 
  Of course. 
  Good to see you both again. 
  Do you have a minute? 
  Um absolutely. 
  So, what did you wanna talk about? 
  I came down here hoping for some advice. 
  Oh, about what? 
  It's my counterpart in the Western Diocese. 
  Bishop Roberts, good man. 
  Good, but tough. 
  Well, he has his own opinions about things. 
  I'm trying to take our Social Justice Ministry Program statewide, and I can't get Roberts to sign on. 
  You know, it's been my experience that if you wanna get Roberts to hear you, don't talk to him. 
  Talk to Reverend Mary Pearson. 
  - The Bishop Assistant. 
  - Mm-hmm. 
  Yeah, they go way back. 
  She is the Roberts whisperer. 
  If you can get Mary on board, then you're home free. 
  She and I are old friends. 
  I mean, if you'd like, I'd be happy to give her a call. 
  That would be fantastic. 
  Thank you, thank you. 
  My pleasure. 
  Hmm. 
  All right, guys, let's focus. 
  Focus. 
  Pull out some energy, guys. 
  Come on. 
  Let's have fun! 
  - Are you okay? 
  - Come on. 
  She's right over there. 
  Concentrate. 
  Hey. 
  Number nine. 
  Okay. 
  All right, look, Joy, I know this is a lot. 
  If you want to, you can hang back, and we can talk to her parents. 
  No, I'll be fine. 
  I need to do this. 
  I need to meet them. 
  Keep your head down, head down. 
  Cara, oh, I'm so glad you came. 
  - Yeah, of course. 
  - Miles, great to see you. 
  You too, this is my friend Joy. 
  Hi, I'm Susan, - nice to meet you. 
  - Same. 
  Well, Liv will be happy. 
  She's got her own cheering section. 
  Uh, actually, there's another reason why we're all here. 
  We're kind of working a Friend Suggestion. 
  For Lauren Brooks. 
  I know Lauren's family well. 
  She's a great kid. 
  - Any idea what's wrong? 
  - No, but we were sort of hoping you could introduce us to her parents, you know, minus the God Account part. 
  Of course. 
  They're right over there. 
  Her dad's actually the coach. 
  Erica. 
  Oh, sorry. 
  I'll be right back. 
  - David. 
  - Hey. 
  Hey, Susan. 
  Hey, thanks again for bringing drinks for the girls. 
  Oh, absolutely. 
  I wanted to introduce you to my daughter, Cara, - and her friends Miles and Joy. 
  - Hi. 
  - Oh, nice to meet you guys. 
  - Good to meet you. 
  Nice to meet you. 
  Susan's the best. 
  She's kind of our unofficial team mom. 
  Anyway, I gotta get back, game's almost starting. 
  Oh, it must be pretty cool to have her dad as a coach. 
  Oh, David played soccer in college. 
  Truthfully, it's not Lauren's favorite sport, but she knows how much it means to him. 
  It's something they can share together. 
  - They must be really close. 
  - They are. 
  Well, I wouldn't have missed the pass if you hadn't sucked. 
  It's your fault you missed it. 
  Don't blame me. 
  Okay, everyone, timeout! 
  Lauren, you're on the bench to start the game. 
  - It's her fault. 
  - I said, on the bench. 
  You know what? 
  Forget it. 
  I don't wanna play anyway. 
  I am so sorry. 
  I don't know what's gotten into her lately. 
  Excuse me. 
  Has that happened before? 
  Never. 
  Well, clearly, something's going on. 
  Cara. 
  I'm glad you came. 
  Hey, of course. 
  I wouldn't miss it. 
  - Hi, Miles. 
  - Hey. 
  Uh, is everything okay? 
  I don't know. 
  Lauren just hasn't been herself over the past few weeks. 
  - Do you know why? 
  - No. 
  She wouldn't talk to us about it, but she got detention the other day for arguing with her teacher. 
  She's usually the best student in the class. 
  Teenagers, I guess. 
  I gotta go. 
  I'll see you guys later. 
  Oh, and Cara, Mom said you might stay with us. 
  You totally should. 
  I'm just gonna go check on Erica. 
  It sounds like up until a few weeks ago, everything in Lauren's life was going fine. 
  Yeah, we need to find out what happened that change that. 
  I've been going over Lauren's Facebook posts from the last couple of weeks, and there's really nothing out of the ordinary. 
  Well, keep looking. 
  There must be something that stands out. 
  Hey, you okay? 
  Yeah, it's just seeing her, her family. 
  It's a lot. 
  We'll figure it out. 
  Uh, guys, you might you might wanna see this. 
  Looks like Lauren joined a closed Facebook group - for adopted kids. 
  - Okay, and? 
  And there's a thread on how to secretly order a 23andMe test. 
  And based on comments, it looks like she ordered one about three weeks ago, and she's waiting for the results. 
  That's what this is about, why she's been acting out the last few weeks. 
  She's looking for me. 
  - Joy, are you okay? 
  - Yeah. 
  It's just we've been trying to figure out what Lauren's problem is, and this whole time, I've been the answer. 
  You've never taken a 23andMe test, have you? 
  No, so there's no way she can find me. 
  I need to talk to her. 
  Whoa, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. 
  Joy, Joy, let's slow down for a second, okay? 
  She's 13. 
  You can't just walk up to her and tell her who you are. 
  Why not? 
  This is clearly what the God Account wants. 
  The God Account or you? 
  Contrary to what you think, Miles, I had no intention of ever telling my daughter who I was. 
  I only came out here to make sure she was okay. 
  So, why did you stay? 
  You said it yourself. 
  When you first saw her, she was happy. 
  But instead of going back to Chicago and fighting to get your life back, you stayed and got a job as a waitress. 
  So, you're telling me that's not wanting to have a relationship with your daughter? 
  Miles No, he's right. 
  Deep down, this is what I wanted, but it doesn't mean that I'm wrong. 
  Look, Joy, I wanna help you more than anyone. 
  A year ago, the God Account put me face-to-face with my own past. 
  I know how hard this can be, but I wanna make sure that you're going about it the right way. 
  You go behind her parents' back and tell Lauren who you are, it could rip their family apart. 
  Of course I don't want that, but what else am I supposed to do? 
  We talk to her parents, see if they would be open to Lauren meeting with you, go from there. 
  Yeah, that makes sense, Joy. 
  I mean, you guys said it yourself. 
  Her parents seem pretty nice, right? 
  Well, maybe they'll be open to it. 
  Fine. 
  Tomorrow, we'll go down to her parents' grocery store and talk to them. 
  Okay, we'll see you tomorrow. 
  Hey, hold up. 
  You can give me a lift back home providing that your car hasn't been ticketed again. 
  Nothing can ever be easy with the God Account, can it? 
  Oh, no. 
  No. 
  Well, it's late. 
  I should probably get going too. 
  I don't want Parker to give away my spot on her couch. 
  Oh, so I take it you're not moving in with your mom. 
  I don't see the upside. 
  Well, you know you can stay here. 
  Thanks, but I don't wanna put that kind of pressure on us. 
  I think things are perfect as is. 
  So do I. 
  I mean, besides, I don't have enough closet space for you, anyways. 
  Okay, shoes are important. 
  Hey. 
  I'm glad that you're back. 
  So am I. 
  Spoke with Mary Pearson last night. 
  I sold her on the merits of your program. 
  She agrees. 
  I can't thank you enough. 
  This is great news. 
  Well, my pleasure. 
  I'm happy to help the church any way I can. 
  You know, Arthur, I could use a mind like yours on my staff. 
  - I appreciate that. 
  - No, I'm serious. 
  I've been looking for a chief of staff for some time now, someone to help me navigate the political waters. 
  And I think the answer finally presented itself. 
  What do you say? 
  I don't know. 
  I'm flattered, but I just retired from the church, and Trish and I are planning our wedding. 
  But you're interested? 
  I have to talk to Trish first. 
  Of course. 
  It's a big decision. 
  Take all the time you need. 
  Come here and when you're done, can you do the vegetables, please? 
  - Sure thing, Mr. 
  Brooks. 
  - There's Lauren's dad. 
  - You ready? 
  - Nope. 
  That's why I have you two. 
  Mr. 
  Brooks. 
  It's Cara, Liv's sister. 
  - We met yesterday. 
  - Of course. 
  Good to see you again. 
  Yeah, it's a great store you have here. 
  Thank you, largest selection of vegan and gluten-free items in the city. 
  I'm gluten-free myself. 
  It's a smart business to be in. 
  True, my daughter can't have gluten either. 
  She was adopted, and since we don't know her family's medical history, we err on the side of caution. 
  That's why I started carrying it all here. 
  That's really great that you would do that for her. 
  Thanks. 
  So, um, what brings you guys down here? 
  Well, um, here's the thing. 
  We're not done talking about this, Lauren. 
  Yes, we are, Mom. 
  What's going on? 
  Lauren took a DNA test. 
  - Why didn't you come to us? 
  - And what would you have said? 
  Well, I don't know, but going behind our back, using our credit card, you had to know we'd find out eventually. 
  Look, I think we should talk about this later. 
  Did you know about this, David? 
  I just found out last week. 
  She made me promise not to say anything until she got the results back. 
  She didn't want to upset you. 
  I'm sorry, Mom. 
  I didn't wanna hurt your feelings. 
  I just wanna know where I come from Look, I'm sorry to interrupt, but I think I can help with that. 
  What are you talking about? 
  Uh, well, Joy is a lawyer. 
  So if you do decide that you want to find her birth parents, she can help you. 
  Right, Joy? 
  That would be amazing. 
  Mom, Dad? 
  We'll see. 
  Which means "no. 
  " Joy! 
  Joy! 
  Come on, Joy! 
  You had no right to do that. 
  Joy, look, I understand that you're upset right now, but telling Lauren who you were wasn't a part of the plan. 
  You mean, it wasn't part of your plan. 
  No, Joy, her parents weren't on the same page. 
  If you would have told Lauren who you were, it would have made things worse. 
  For who? 
  Not for Lauren. 
  Because all I heard back there was a girl who was desperate to find out who she was and desperate for answers that only I can give her. 
  And there will be a time for that, just not right now. 
  Then when? 
  Maybe her parents get on the same page eventually, but maybe they don't. 
  I'm not gonna sit back and watch Lauren's life fall apart. 
  - I can't. 
  - Joy No, Miles, this is my Friend Suggestion. 
  It's not yours. 
  You don't get them anymore, remember? 
  Look you have your path, and I have mine. 
  I think it's time we go our separate ways. 
  So, you think Joy's gonna tell her daughter who she is? 
  Yeah. 
  Yeah, I do. 
  Yeah, she seems pretty determined. 
  Joy is at work until tonight, which means we have to figure out how to stop her from telling Lauren before she gets off. 
  Well, are you sure that's what we're supposed to do? 
  Because the God Account did send her Lauren's name. 
  Yeah, and forcing people to face their past is sort of a God Account go to. 
  Yeah, but not at the expense of destroying a family. 
  Look, I get how emotional this must be for Joy, but she needs to think this through. 
  Well, Miles, maybe she has. 
  She gave up her entire life six months ago to come here and make sure her daughter was okay. 
  You don't just do that on a whim. 
  Yeah. 
  Actually, you're right. 
  Thank you about what, exactly? 
  Joy had an amazing life back in Chicago, so why would she all of a sudden decide to give it up six months ago? 
  Well, because she wanted to find her daughter. 
  No, no, no, I get that, but why not six years ago or six days ago? 
  What if something happened in Joy's life that triggered her to come looking for Lauren? 
  Triggered her to unseal the records and implode her entire life. 
  Whatever it was could be a part of this, a part of what's driving her. 
  Yeah, if we can figure out what it is, then maybe we can get through to her. 
  Buy some time to help Lauren without Joy having to tell her who she is. 
  Could you look into Joy and see if anything stands out from six months ago? 
  Yeah, I'm on it. 
 
 
 
  Oh, what about the gallery opening? 
  Oh, right, um, well, we have a few hours. 
  Why don't we all meet at my house and we'll head down together? 
  Perfect, I have to meet up with my mom, - but I'll see you there. 
  - Yeah. 
  So, Lauren's looking for her birth parents. 
  Do Erica and David know? 
  Yeah, and they're not taking it well. 
  Is that what the God Account wants you to do, find Lauren's birth parents? 
  I don't know. 
  I hope not. 
  Her parents have been by her side every day of her life. 
  That is what is important. 
  - I didn't mean anything by that. 
  - I know, and it's okay if you did. 
  I would never pretend I was there for you growing up, Cara. 
  That's why I thought it'd be nice for you to come and stay with us. 
  I just I don't think it's a good idea. 
  Listen, I get you have reservations, but maybe if we spent some more time together, we could just hit some of this stuff head-on. 
  We've just come so far in the last year, I don't wanna risk taking a step back. 
  Families are a lot stronger than we think, Cara. 
  You said you don't see how Lauren's family survives if her birth parents are in the picture. 
  But sometimes facing who we are and risking what change that might bring is what makes us stronger, makes us closer. 
  I bet Erica, David, and Lauren come out of this a stronger family for having faced it together. 
  Anyway, Bishop Thompson was very appreciative. 
  I'm glad. 
  In fact, he was so appreciative, that he offered me a job. 
  I don't understand. 
  What kind of job? 
  Well, basically, doing what I did today, helping him navigate the politics of the church. 
  And what did you tell him? 
  I told him that I needed to talk to you first. 
  So are you considering this? 
  Well, maybe. 
  If I'm being honest, I'm not sure I'm cut out for retirement the way other people are. 
  I mean, I love having the time to play chess and take a stroll Well, I love that we get to spend so much more time together, and I don't wanna change that. 
  Me either. 
  It's just it felt good doing something in the church again, to have a higher purpose. 
  I understand that. 
  And I'm sure I know what you're thinking. 
  This wouldn't be like running Harlem Episcopal. 
  It could be something I just do. 
  Arthur, we both know there has never been anything in your life you "just do. 
  " When you care about something, you give your whole self over to it. 
  I was just hoping that this next chapter of our lives was gonna be about us finding a new purpose together. 
  - Is that okay? 
  - Of course. 
  I'll talk to Bishop Thompson and tell him I'm not gonna take the job. 
  I know what happened six months ago, why Joy felt so compelled to go looking for Lauren. 
  Who's that? 
  That is Joy's grandfather Kai. 
  He died a couple of weeks before Joy unsealed Lauren's adoption records. 
  "To Grandpa Kai, "the only family I've ever known. 
  I will feel your loss always. 
  " It makes sense. 
  After losing the only family she has, she decides there's only one person that can fill that void. 
  - Lauren. 
  - I gotta talk to Joy. 
  Hey, Miles, what about the gallery opening? 
  I mean, we don't know how long Audrey Grenelle's gonna be there. 
  You're right. 
  I'll meet you there. 
  We need to talk. 
  If I said "no," would it matter? 
  I know you lost your grandfather six months ago. 
  Yeah, so what? 
  I read the tribute that you wrote about him. 
  Sounds like an amazing guy. 
  He was. 
  He grew up in Hawaii. 
  Oh, he was an incredible surfer. 
  My parents split when I was young, and he moved to Chicago and raised me on his own. 
  When I got pregnant and decided I wasn't ready to be a mother He was so supportive. 
  He told me that giving her up didn't mean that I didn't love her. 
  It meant that I loved her enough to make sure she could have the best life possible The life that I couldn't give her back then. 
  And he was right. 
  Lauren has a great life with parents who love her. 
  I know that. 
  You think I wanna hurt them, that I don't understand what telling Lauren might do? 
  But she's looking for me. 
  She wants to know who she is; where she comes from. 
  I won't turn my back on her again, Miles. 
  I can't. 
  This is my chance to finally give her what she needs. 
  Hey, Rakesh, now is not a good time. 
  Are you with Joy? 
  Yeah, why? 
  Well, I got a ping on that Facebook group Lauren joined, and she's got the results back from her 23andMe test. 
  There's been match. 
  Some third cousin, he lives in Chicago. 
  Problem is, she's headed there now. 
  What do you mean? 
  To Chicago? 
  Yeah, yeah, she bought a bus ticket with her dad's credit card. 
  We were gonna call them, but they live uptown, and you guys are closer to the station. 
  I'm gonna send you the address, but you gotta hurry, Miles. 
  It leaves in, like, half an hour. 
  Okay, you get Lauren's parents and meet us there. 
  Miles, Audrey Grenelle is supposed to be here any minute. 
  This is our only chance. 
  I know, but this is more important. 
  Come on, let's go get your daughter. 
  Hey. 
  There she is. 
  Wait, Miles, wait. 
  I need to do this alone. 
  Wait, do do what? 
  I thought we were coming down here to make sure she doesn't get on that bus. 
  We are. 
  You need to trust me. 
  Joy! 
  Hey, Lauren. 
  You're the lawyer. 
  Joy. 
  Mind if I sit? 
  What are you doing here, anyway? 
  Wait, did my parents send you? 
  No, but they know you're here, and they know why. 
  No, they don't. 
  They don't understand why I need to do this. 
  Why do you? 
  Why do you have to know? 
  Because I don't know who I am. 
  Well, not really. 
  I mean I really love my parents, but I don't know anything about where I come from or who my relatives were. 
  And you think some distant cousin is going to help fill that in? 
  It's something. 
  I would take anything over not knowing. 
  I think I can help you with that. 
  What do you mean? 
  Who is it? 
  That is your great-grandfather. 
  My great-grandfather? 
  Really? 
  His name was Kai. 
  He passed away last year, but I did some research. 
  Turns out, he was kinda famous at least, in Hawaii. 
  My DNA test said I was part Hawaiian. 
  Well, why was he famous? 
  He was a surfer. 
  So, I guess surfing's in your blood. 
  Yeah, I guess it is. 
  Thank you so much. 
  You're welcome, Lauren. 
  I wish I could have met him. 
  I do too. 
  Can I keep this? 
  Of course. 
  I think he would have wanted you to have it. 
  You know what else I think he would have wanted? 
  Is for you to get off this bus and go see your mom and dad who are worried sick about you. 
  What do you say? 
  Is everything okay? 
  Yeah, everything's fine. 
  Oh, thank God you're okay. 
  We were so worried. 
  What were you thinking? 
  I'm sorry. 
  We understand you wanna know where you come from, sweetheart. 
  But you have to promise to talk to us. 
  You can't ever do this again. 
  I know, and I won't. 
  'Cause I know where I come from now. 
  This is my great-grandfather. 
  His name is Kai. 
  He was a famous surfer in Hawaii. 
  Joy found him. 
  Well, I'm so happy for you, honey. 
  - You are? 
  - Of course we are. 
  I love you. 
  I love you. 
  Thank you for finding this. 
  You don't just have me to thank. 
  Um, they all helped. 
  Hey, Dad. 
  You think we could learn how to surf? 
  I'd love that, honey, but I don't know where we could in New York. 
  Actually, I do. 
  There's a surfing community in Rockaway Beach. 
  Mm-hmm, you should check it out. 
  Uh, we will. 
  Thank you. 
  Come on, let's go home. 
  Bye, Joy. 
  You gonna be okay? 
  Yeah. 
  I am. 
  Don't you have an art gallery to get to? 
  Yeah, let's go talk to Audrey Grenelle. 
  Oh, uh, excuse me. 
  Is Audrey Grenelle still here? 
  I'm sorry, you just missed her. 
  Is there any way to get in touch with her? 
  No, and she has no plans to return. 
  Miles, I'm sorry. 
  I know this was your one chance to get answers. 
  Yeah. 
  You okay? 
  You know what? 
  I am. 
  Knowing what we did for Lauren and her family, knowing she's gonna be okay, that you're gonna be okay that's all I care about. 
  Me too. 
  Yeah, you know what? 
  Me too. 
  You guys are the best. 
  We're all searching for answers. 
  Where do we come from? 
  Who are we? 
  Where do we fit in this world? 
  Sometimes, having even the smallest connection to our past can chart a new future. 
  And pop up. 
  Awesome, Lauren. 
  You're a natural. 
  Yes, crushed it. 
  If it wasn't for you, Lauren never would have even known her great-grandfather was a surfer. 
  Happy to help. 
  How is everything? 
  Great. 
  I mean, having a connection to her roots and where she comes from, it's it's brought us closer. 
  I'm glad. 
  How were you able to find out about her great-grandfather so quickly? 
  And to get a photo of him as well, I mean if I didn't know better, I'd almost think you'd had it with you the whole time. 
  You have an amazing family. 
  You should be so proud of the daughter you've raised. 
  I know I would be. 
  Thank you. 
  And sometimes, we have to risk going back to the beginning in order to take a step forward. 
  Cara, hi. 
  What are you doing here? 
  I just came to tell you that everything with Lauren and her family worked out. 
  I'm so glad. 
  And that you were right. 
  Families are a lot stronger than I realized. 
  I'd like to give this a try. 
  I'd love that. 
  It's not always easy navigating who you were and who you want to be. 
  You don't look like you have good news for me, Arthur. 
  I don't, and I'm sorry I spoke with Trish, and we both agree it would just take up too much of my time. 
  Let me prove you wrong. 
  I'm sorry? 
  What do you say to a trial run? 
  Nothing official, sort of off the books, so to speak. 
  I know we can make this work for you and for Trish. 
  But in the end, it's the people closest to you that help you find your path. 
  Seriously, though, that was a pretty intense Friend Suggestion, not that I ever doubted you for a minute. 
  Hey, you know, look at it this way. 
  Whoever the next Friend Suggestion is, it'll be a cakewalk. 
  Actually, I wanted to talk to you guys about that. 
  I'm not sure I'm gonna be helping Friend Suggestions anymore. 
  Wait, what are you talking about? 
  I've decided to go back to Chicago. 
  You're going for your hearing? 
  Yeah, I am. 
  And I'm gonna win and get my life back. 
  I'm ready now that I've made peace with everything. 
  My bags are already packed. 
  I'm not one for good-byes. 
  So, I thought this was all I could handle. 
  Take good care of them for me. 
  - Absolutely. 
  - We'll do our best. 
  Thanks. 
  Rakesh. 
  Mm-hmm. 
  You are one of the most loyal and kind-spirited souls I've ever met. 
  Don't ever change. 
  I don't think you have to worry about that. 
  Okay, bye. 
  All right, I'll walk you out. 
  Great. 
  Hey, you know, God Account can be pretty stubborn. 
  It may not let you off the hook so easy. 
  Maybe not. 
  But I have a feeling that going back to Chicago and rejoining the PD's office is what it had in mind this whole time. 
  Well, thank you, Joy. 
  Why are you thanking me? 
  Well, I thought losing the Friend Suggestions was the end. 
  But helping you led me to getting a new message from the God Account, finding the Lady, going to Paris, "The Path," my podcast taking off in the second season, all of it. 
  I was your first Friend Suggestion, and you helped me way more than I helped you. 
  That's true. 
  But it's good to know that my Obi-Wan will always be here. 
  Thank you, Miles for everything. 
  Hmm. 
  What do you guys think is gonna happen with the God Account? 
  Think it's gonna pick someone new, someone worthy, someone who's always been on board with helping people? 
  - Oh, you mean me? 
  - No! 
  - No, I meant me. 
  - Yeah, nice try, Rakesh. 
  You do make a good point, though. 
  I mean, now that Joy's gone, maybe that's the last we hear from the God Account when it comes to Friend Suggestions. 
  Maybe not. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 