Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x19 - The Road to Damascus - God Friended Me 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x19 - The Road to Damascus https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=862&t=33354 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/01/19 07:26 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x19 - The Road to Damascus 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously, on "God Friended Me": They're nominating you to become bishop of New York. 
  - I love you. 
  - I love you, too. 
  - Pria? 
  - It's nice to meet you. 
  You said you were looking for Henry? 
  Pria won some award in college. 
  Her name was on the trophy. 
  Pria Amar. 
  Henry Chase. 
  Simon Hayes? 
  Look, Henry can't admit the fact that I'm about to fulfill the dream that he walked away from. 
  Okay, your team from Palo Alto. 
  I want to know what you're working on. 
  That's why I'm here. 
  It won't take me long to find your source. 
  I think FreeVerse can put the "Millennial Prophet" on the map. 
  Only thing we ask for in return: We wouldn't want anyone else talking about the God Account. 
  The God Account isn't just yours. 
  - It's all of ours. 
  - But we had a deal. 
  Well, I'm sorry. 
  Things changed. 
  Yeah, I guess they have. 
  [LIGHT CHORAL MUSIC] 
  ["CASSETTE" BY TEMMPO PLAYING] 
  Bobby pins everywhere And I can still smell your hair - Like a phantom fragrance - What are you doing here? 
  I wanted to talk. 
  There's nothing to talk about. 
  Of course there is. 
  Yeah, that's where you said to me Please. 
  I can still hear you say it Stay just a little bit Little bit, little bit longer Let's move just a little bit Look, Miles I'm sorry. 
  You left me last summer With nothing but your number We had a deal. 
  I don't write about the God Account, just the people that we help, and I should've told you the minute my editor asked me to write about Simon Hayes, so we could've talked about it. 
  Talked about what, exactly? 
  Well, that the deal had to change. 
  That it had to, or that you wanted it to? 
  I mean, my editor asked me to write a story. 
  That's my job. 
  So you could've said no! 
  Okay, but I shouldn't have to. 
  Look, I am sorry that things changed, but the God Account is all of ours. 
  So that makes everything you did okay? 
  No. 
  It makes me human. 
  I made a mistake, and we need to figure out a way to move past this. 
  [DESOLATE MUSIC] 
  I have to go. 
  I have a meeting at FreeVerse that I should be excited about, but like you said, things change. 
  Rakesh. 
  Hey. 
  Hey. 
  This is the new team from Palo Alto? 
  Mm-hmm, yeah. 
  Yeah, I'd love to meet them, get things started. 
  Yeah, actually, there's been a a bit of a development. 
  Okay. 
  What kind of development? 
  Uh, a leak, actually. 
  Someone's been talking to a reporter. 
  Reporter, huh? 
  Yeah, you know her. 
  Uh, actually, I think you're quite good friends with her. 
  Cara Bloom? 
  Okay, Simon, I can explain this. 
  Can you? 
  Because she knew that I was bringing my entire team out here to work for you, although that last part is no longer correct. 
  Wait, you're firing me? 
  I'm protecting my project. 
  Okay, all right, Simon, look. 
  Yes, Cara and I are friends, but you can trust me! 
  Okay? 
  I was the one who saved your project from being destroyed by Henry! 
  I implemented your security! 
  I am your security, - and you need me, Simon. 
  - Rakesh, Rakesh. 
  I appreciate all that you've done, okay, but we're at a critical phase right now. 
  After eight months of testing, I'm finally ready to end the trial phase and show everybody what we've been doing this entire time, so if you'll excuse me, I really need to get back to work. 
  Simon, hear me out. 
  Just r You can drop your badge off at security on the way out. 
  [SLOW STRING MUSIC] 
  Cara, I just checked my inbox. 
  Where's your story? 
  Uh, I just need to give it a quick polish: dot i's, cross t's. 
  Look, I know you've been struggling with this. 
  I understand your relationship with Miles, but that article needs to go online before Simon Hayes announces at the gala tomorrow night. 
  I know. 
  I'm trusting you, Cara. 
  Don't make me regret it. 
  As you know, we put your podcast episodes on our platform last week, and while that's obviously not a lot of time, it's allowed us to get a sense of where things are. 
  And where are they? 
  The "Millennial Prophet" is the number one new show on FreeVerse. 
  What? 
  Miles, it's blowing up! 
  Everyone wants to find out who's behind the God Account. 
  It's everything we could've hoped for. 
  Wow. 
  I don't know what to say. 
  You should be thrilled. 
  I'm thrilled. 
  No, no, I-I-I am, I am. 
  It's it's just, um [SIGHS] 
  My friend, Cara, is a journalist at "Catapult," and she's planning on writing an article about Simon Hayes being behind the God Account. 
  - Are you kidding? 
  - I I wish I was. 
  Miles, we had a deal. 
  I told you that FreeVerse had to have exclusive rights to the God Account. 
  This this is not what I want, believe me. 
  Whatever you tell me to do, I'll do it. 
  There's only one thing you can do. 
  Go home right now and record a new episode. 
  Announce that Simon Hayes is behind the God Account. 
  We'll get it up on FreeVerse before her article drops and Simon announces. 
  If your listeners find out who's behind the God Account from anyone other than you, this has all been for nothing. 
  [SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC] 
  Welcome to a special episode of the "Millennial Prophet. 
  " For the last eight months, a single question has driven this podcast: who's behind the God Account? 
  Well, today, I can finally answer that. 
  [MELANCHOLY MUSIC] 
  You want to know what's really going on? 
  I think all of this is gonna come crashing down my podcast, my relationship with Cara, all of it and the worst part about it is I don't know how to fix it. 
  I don't know what I'm supposed to do. 
  [CELL PHONE VIBRATES] 
  Wait, so the God Account checked in to Camp Mackinaw in upstate New York? 
  Has the God Account ever checked in anywhere before? 
  No, and so this must mean something. 
  You don't think that whoever's behind this might actually be up there, do you? 
  Well, Simon Hayes is behind it, so I think it's pretty safe to say no, especially considering I just saw him meeting with his team from Palo Alto right before he fired me. 
  Rakesh, I'm sorry. 
  Yeah. 
  Well, he also told me he's shutting down the trial phase. 
  Wait, what does that mean? 
  Well, I think you're the trial phase, Miles, which means whatever happens next with the God Account, I'm pretty sure we're not going to be a part of it. 
  - Dad. 
  - Hey. 
  What are you doing here? 
  Um, the election results for the bishop's race is supposed to come out in the next 48 hours, so I needed to get out of the house, find a distraction. 
  So what's going on here? 
  Well, if you're looking for a distraction, I give you exhibit A and B. 
  Want to fill me in? 
  Rakesh thinks Simon Hayes is going to shut down the God Account and take it away from us. 
  No more Friend Suggestions? 
  I mean, we're not sure. 
  I-I got an alert earlier about some camp in upstate New York, and I figured, hey, I might as well go ahead and check it out. 
  [LAUGHS] 
  You're kidding. 
  No. 
  Why? 
  I was planning on getting out of the city tomorrow, clearing my mind, taking a drive, and I thought I would head upstate. 
  Well, that is a hell of a coincidence. 
  Or maybe it's a sign, but what do you say, son? 
  Want to take a road trip? 
  [SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC] 
  You told Trish you loved her? 
  [LAUGHS] 
  I did. 
  Well, that is great, Dad. 
  I'm happy for the both of you. 
  - [LAUGHS] 
  - Look at you! 
  You're in a great relationship, about to become bishop. 
  At least one of the Finer men are headed in the right direction. 
  [CELL PHONE VIBRATES] 
  [TRANQUIL MUSIC] 
  That's the third text, by my count. 
  You want to talk about it? 
  I already told you what happened. 
  Yes, but you left out the part about what you're planning to do about it. 
  Cara's going to publish the article. 
  There is nothing I can do about it. 
  I mean the two of you. 
  I know and I don't know what to do. 
  Sure you do. 
  What do you mean? 
  Well, you're angry right now, and by what you've told me, you have every right to be, but I also know how you are. 
  - And how am I? 
  - [LAUGHS] 
  When it comes to matters of the heart, you are exactly like me react first, think second which isn't always a bad thing. 
  I mean, great love stories are rarely about thinking things through. 
  Dad, what are you trying to say? 
  You're not going to throw away what you have with Cara without talking to her. 
  The question is when, and if it will be too late. 
  [SOMBER MUSIC] 
  Hey. 
  Thanks for meeting me. 
  Didn't really have anything else to be doing right now, so Have you seen Miles today? 
  Yeah, um, the God Account checked into some camp in upstate New York, so he left with Arthur to go check it out. 
  Oh. 
  Is that why you wanted to meet? 
  To talk about Miles? 
  No, um Look, there's something that I need to tell you. 
  Let me guess. 
  During your interview with Simon Hayes, you decided to tell him things you couldn't possibly know unless you knew someone on the inside, someone who told you things in confidence and assumed that they'd never be repeated! 
  - What happened? 
  - What do you think happened? 
  He accused me of being a spy and fired me! 
  I'm so sorry, Rakesh. 
  Look, I screwed up. 
  You know, maybe I can talk to Simon and see if there's some deal to be made to get your job back. 
  It is not about the job, Cara! 
  It's everything. 
  I mean, can't you feel it? 
  Feel what? 
  That it's all coming to an end? 
  [MELANCHOLY MUSIC] 
  I gotta go. 
  I'm meeting Jaya. 
  Hey, uh, excuse me? 
  - Can I help you? 
  - I'm not getting any service, and we're actually on our way up to Camp Mackinaw, and I was wondering if there were any signs posted - to where the turnoff is. 
  - Why would you head up there? 
  What do you mean? 
  Camp Mackinaw closed down 30 years ago. 
  [INVESTIGATORY MUSIC] 
  30 years ago? 
  I don't think anyone's been up there since. 
  I'm sure the access road's shut down. 
  Okay, thank you. 
  I mean, why would the God Account send us to a camp that closed down 30 years ago? 
  I don't know, but wait, aren't you the one who's always saying how it never does anything without a purpose, even if you can't see it at first? 
  [LAUGHS] 
  I'm sorry. 
  Are you taking the God Account's side? 
  All I'm saying is if this is your last suggestion, you need to see it through. 
  See it through to where? 
  We don't know where we're going. 
  All right, remember the story of Saul's conversion to the apostle Paul? 
  On the road to Damascus. 
  Right, so that story's not about the destination. 
  It's about the road getting there, Saul's epiphany. 
  Am I supposed to be Saul in this example? 
  Metaphorically speaking, yes. 
  I mean, with everything that's going on right now, what if this one's about you? 
  Hey, even if you're right, unlike Saul, we don't have a road to Camp Mackinaw. 
  Ah, but there is a diner that I know not too far from here. 
  Best apple pie I've ever eaten. 
  I was gonna stop there anyway. 
  Maybe we can find someone who can point us in the right direction. 
  Wait, Dad, how do you know of a diner in the middle of nowhere? 
  [LAUGHS] 
  That is a good story, but one that must be told over apple pie. 
  What do you say? 
  Okay. 
  [SLOW MUSIC PLAYING] 
  [SIGHS] 
  So, I talked to the owner and his wife, and apparently, neither one of them have any idea - of how to get to Camp Mackinaw. 
  - Mm. 
  So it looks like this road trip is going to be about this pie. 
  [LAUGHS] 
  So go ahead. 
  Talk to me. 
  How do you know about this place? 
  Well, right after your mother and I started dating, I got a an amazing opportunity for an assistant priest position in Chicago. 
  Chicago? 
  Dad, you've never told me about this. 
  I've never told anyone about this before, not even your mother. 
  Oh, all right. 
  Now we're talking. 
  Continue. 
  Well, the moment I met her, I knew that she was the one, but I also knew that the chance of her following me to Chicago after only a few dates - was zero. 
  - But I was young. 
  I wanted my own congregation so badly that I could taste it, so I took the interview. 
  On my way out of town, I stopped into this very diner, and I was sitting here, eating my pie, when I noticed this family husband, wife, two kids. 
  I just started watching them. 
  Couldn't look away. 
  What were they doing? 
  Nothing out of the ordinary. 
  Then it hit me, as powerfully as anything ever has. 
  - What? 
  - What I wanted. 
  I wanted to have a family with your mother, so I got in my car, turned around, and drove home. 
  [LAUGHS] 
  A week later, Harlem Episcopal offered me a job. 
  The point is, when you finally figure out what you want, things have a way of working themselves out. 
  Hey, guys. 
  Can I get you anything else? 
  No, we're, uh we're good. 
  You know, I heard you talking to the owner before about Camp Mackinaw. 
  My parents actually went there when they were kids. 
  - No kidding? 
  - Yeah. 
  It's a shame, what happened. 
  What happened? 
  There was a camper, um a little girl, I think. 
  She fell in the river and drowned. 
  It was a freak accident, but that's why they closed it down. 
  - Hmm. 
  - Do you remember what her name was? 
  No, I'm sorry, but my family still camps at a site near there. 
  I can write directions down for you if you like. 
  That'd be wonderful. 
  Thank you. 
  Yeah, okay. 
  That's why the God Account wanted me to come up here. 
  You think this is about this little girl who drowned? 
  I do. 
  Dad, we have to get to that camp. 
  I can't believe I just came off my first 24-hour rotation. 
  It was brutal. 
  Well, I'm sure you were great. 
  Thank you. 
  So how are things at work with you? 
  Uh [EXHALES HEAVILY] 
  Rakesh? 
  What's wrong? 
  Is it okay if we don't talk about that right now? 
  - Why? 
  - I just I just want to have lunch with my beautiful doctor girlfriend and talk about anything but Simon Hayes and the God Account. 
  Rakesh. 
  [INVESTIGATORY MUSIC] 
  Pria, what what are you doing here? 
  I just got back into town, actually. 
  Wait, so you just got back into town, and now we happen to run into each other? 
  Afraid not. 
  I came back for you, Rakesh. 
  I need your help, and we don't have much time. 
  [SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC] 
  How did you know where to find me today? 
  I hacked into your phone and tracked your location. 
  Okay, here's a thought: maybe next time, try calling the number. 
  Well, I was afraid after our last meeting, you might not want to see me again. 
  After our last meeting, you went looking for Henry, right? 
  Is that why you're back? 
  Did you find him? 
  I'm sorry, no. 
  Where did you think he was? 
  Paris. 
  I spent the last few months looking for him, until I was forced to return. 
  I know about the gala and that Simon's planning to announce whatever this secret project is about. 
  Do you know what it is? 
  No. 
  It's the God Account. 
  Are you sure? 
  Henry already tried to destroy it. 
  Did he? 
  Well, that would make sense. 
  Why? 
  There's some things I didn't tell you last time. 
  Oh, shocking. 
  I know you don't trust me, but we don't have much time. 
  We can't let Simon get away with it. 
  Get away with what? 
  It's best if I show you. 
  [TENDER MUSIC] 
  Thanks for meeting me, Mom. 
  Yeah, of course. 
  Part of me wishes Wilson never asked me to write about this in the first place. 
  I can imagine. 
  I was kind of hoping for a tad more sympathy than that. 
  Sorry. 
  Go on. 
  Sympathetic ears, I promise. 
  I know I screwed up by lying, and Miles has every right to be angry, but I have just as much right to tell this story as he does. 
  If if that's how you feel, then why haven't you posted your article? 
  That's your sympathetic ears? 
  I'm just saying, maybe it's more complicated than that. 
  I mean, if I post this article, I risk my relationship with Miles. 
  It couldn't be more uncomplicated. 
  You sure this is just about Miles? 
  Well, what other reason could there be? 
  I mean, who's behind the God Account would make for an amazing story. 
  Yes, but it's not the story you've been writing about. 
  You didn't give up a promotion in features to chase down who's behind the God Account. 
  You gave it up to write about all these amazing people you and Miles are helping. 
  Your point? 
  Maybe you haven't posted your article about Simon Hayes because deep down, you know it's not the story you want to tell. 
  [TENDER MUSIC] 
  Any idea what we're looking for? 
  No idea, but it's the God Account, so So you'll know it when you see it. 
  [LAUGHS] 
  Oh, you haven't told me how things are going with FreeVerse. 
  Apparently, my podcast is through the roof. 
  Well, that's great, isn't it? 
  Yeah, I mean, except they want me to tell my listeners that Simon Hayes is behind the God Account. 
  They want to make sure they hear it from me first. 
  Why haven't you? 
  I don't know. 
  Could it be about Cara? 
  - No, it - Well, what's it really about? 
  [SIGHS, LAUGHS] 
  I mean, you tell me! 
  I'm at a loss. 
  What do you want, Miles? 
  - I mean - [SIGHS] 
  If you could have one wish, what would it be? 
  That's your advice? 
  Think of a wish? 
  Answer the question. 
  Dad, I don't know. 
  Yes, you do. 
  What do you want? 
  I want things to go back to the way they were. 
  Okay? 
  That's what I want. 
  That's all I want. 
  Before the God Account? 
  Before we found out who was behind the God Account. 
  - Why? 
  - Because I don't want to know anymore. 
  I don't care. 
  [MELANCHOLY MUSIC] 
  Is that crazy? 
  [LAUGHS] 
  No. 
  That is faith. 
  That is not faith. 
  Trust me, I know a thing or two about it. 
  Faith is not just about religion. 
  Faith is about believing in what you're doing. 
  Faith is the people that you're helping. 
  Faith is your friendship with Cara and Rakesh. 
  Faith is your belief that you're making a difference in the world, no matter what people think or how crazy it seems. 
  If you can hold onto that, nothing has to change, and maybe, the God Account needs you to know that before it's all over. 
  [POIGNANT MUSIC] 
  Maybe you're right, but that can't be the only reason why we're here. 
  What, personal epiphany is not impressive enough for you? 
  What would Saul say? 
  Wait a minute. 
  [INVESTIGATORY MUSIC] 
  Cabin 9? 
  Nine is the chapter of the apostles that tells the story of Paul's conversion. 
  Let's check it out. 
  What is this place? 
  This is the office Henry, Simon and I rented over a decade ago. 
  This is where we were supposed to change the world together. 
  That photo was taken the day Henry created the algorithm that proved that predictive analytics was not only real, but possible. 
  - So this is Henry Chase? 
  - Yes. 
  He called it the Juliet code, after his sister. 
  Sister died in an accident, right? 
  Yes. 
  Henry believed his code could prevent such tragedies. 
  Look, I appreciate this little, uh, walk you're having down memory lane, but I have heard all of this already. 
  - Rakesh - No, I don't care. 
  Henry and Simon had a falling out. 
  Now Henry wants to destroy what Simon created. 
  - I get it. 
  - No, you don't. 
  Simon didn't create anything. 
  He stole Henry's code. 
  He stole Juliet, and if what you're telling me is true, he built the God Account off that. 
  Well, that sounds like an issue for a patent lawyer, so I'm not sure how I can help you there. 
  You can help by working with me to take it away from Simon for good. 
  [LIGHT CHIME MUSIC] 
  You want to destroy it. 
  If I do, then maybe Henry will see how truly sorry I am that I sided with Simon all those years ago. 
  That I love him, and maybe he'll come out of hiding. 
  No, you can't destroy it. 
  Even if Simon takes it away from Miles, think of how much good it could do. 
  Simon wouldn't be making some splashy announcement if he wasn't planning to monetize what he created, or somehow sell it. 
  The God Account is just one version of the Juliet code. 
  How can you be sure future iterations will be so altruistic? 
  How can we be sure you're telling the truth this time? 
  You're just going to have to trust me. 
  The gala starts at 8:00. 
  You have until then to make your decision. 
  But make no mistake, I'm going to destroy it, with or without you. 
  Not much here. 
  Yeah, well then, whatever we're looking for should be easy to find. 
  Huh. 
  What is it? 
  Well, it looks like the names of the kids who stayed here. 
  Ha, it's like a timeline, but only till 1989. 
  Yeah, 30 years ago, when the camp closed. 
  [INVESTIGATORY MUSIC] 
  What? 
  Juliet Chase. 
  I think this is Henry Chase's sister. 
  Henry Chase, who you thought was originally behind the God Account? 
  Yeah, Pria told us that Juliet died when they were kids, but never said how, and her death is what drove Henry to start writing the code behind the God Account. 
  And the waitress at the diner said that the camp shut down because a camper drowned. 
  - A little girl. 
  - I mean, it must be her. 
  Hey, Dad, this is what the God Account - wanted me to see. 
  - Any idea why? 
  No. 
  Unless What if we've been wrong about Simon? 
  What if this is Henry's way of telling us that he's been behind the God Account this entire time? 
  Why would he want you to know now? 
  Not sure, but if there's a chance that Simon is not behind the God Account, Cara's about to publish an article that can ruin her career. 
  Dad, I need to warn her. 
  Fade into dust So slowly now You're not around Do you want me now If love was a flame You reached Cara Bloom. 
  Please leave a message. 
  Hey, Cara, it's Miles again. 
  I am at your office, and [SIGHS] 
  Look, I know things are messed up between us right now, but you cannot publish that article. 
  Okay? 
  You have to trust me on this, please. 
  Call me back. 
  Can I help you? 
  Uh, yeah. 
  I'm Miles. 
  I'm a friend of Cara's. 
  Do you know if she'll be back? 
  I don't believe she will. 
  So, you're the Millennial Prophet. 
  [LIGHT MUSIC] 
  Yeah. 
  How do you know that? 
  I've listened to your podcast. 
  I'm a fan. 
  Wilson Hughes, editor-in-chief at "Catapult. 
  " Oh, yeah, I've heard a lot about you. 
  - Likewise. 
  - You know, actually, I need to talk to you about Cara's article. 
  Well, what's there to talk about? 
  Look, I don't think Simon Hayes is behind the God Account. 
  Now, Cara is a brilliant journalist, and her readers trust her, and if she's wrong, she could lose their trust forever. 
  She deserves better than that. 
  Now I'm asking you, please, don't publish that article. 
  Well, she uploaded her story an hour ago. 
  It's already atop the leaderboard. 
  You should check it out. 
  Might surprise you. 
  Sure as hell surprised me. 
  [DELICATE MUSIC] 
  You can't let Pria destroy the God Account. 
  I get that, but even if I could stop her, it's not gonna change what Simon is planning to do. 
  In either version, we lose the God Account. 
  Okay, so maybe there's a version you haven't thought of yet. 
  If there is, I can't see it. 
  Besides, Simon fired me. 
  [CHIMING MUSIC] 
  Rakesh! 
  - Why didn't you tell me? 
  - Because telling you would make it real, and I just didn't want it to be. 
 
 
 
  I'm sorry, Rakesh, but you can't give up. 
  The God Account is at stake, so here's what you're gonna do. 
  You're gonna take that insanely smart brain of yours and figure something out. 
  What if I can't? 
  You're the guy that convinced Simon Hayes to move his entire team to New York and defeated the great Henry Chase from hacking into a top-secret server, so yeah, you can. 
  You're right. 
  I am gonna do something so completely badass. 
  - [LAUGHS] 
  - Oh, yeah. 
  I'm gonna do something so utterly unexpected that no one else would even dare try it. 
  Okay, so you have an idea. 
  Oh, I have an idea, all right. 
  Yeah, a way for everything to go back to how it used to be, how it should be, but it's risky. 
  Okay. 
  So you're gonna tell me what it is? 
  Uh-uh. 
  There's no time to explain. 
  There's someone we need to talk to if this is gonna work. 
  Who? 
  Simon Hayes. 
  [RESONANT MUSIC] 
  Abraham Lincoln once said, "The best way to predict the future is to create it. 
  " For the past 150 years, these words have been a guiding principle to all innovators, but what happens when technology catches up with our dreams, when predicting the future and creating it become one and the same? 
  [CHUCKLES] 
  Rakesh? 
  What part of "fired" and "Turn your badge in to security" was unclear? 
  No, th-that was clear. 
  And yet, here you are. 
  Look, we need to talk, Simon. 
  I haven't been completely honest with you - from the beginning. 
  - About what? 
  I know Pria Amar. 
  [LOW CHIMING MUSIC] 
  - Explain. 
  - Okay, look, it's a long story, but I'll give you the headlines, okay? 
  She wants me to help her destroy your project. 
  Wait, she's here? 
  She's in town? 
  Yes. 
  She thinks it's somehow gonna prove to Henry Chase that she made a mistake siding with you all those years ago, and that it'll bring him back out of hiding. 
  Simon, she's gonna attack tonight, and we really don't have much time. 
  He's telling the truth. 
  I was with him when she approached him. 
  Look, Simon, you believed in me when no one else did. 
  Okay? 
  I'm just asking you to do that one more time. 
  Let me protect what you built. 
  No. 
  I'm sorry, Rakesh. 
  I extend that trust only once, but thank you. 
  Now that I know about Pria, I can take the necessary precautions. 
  Excuse me. 
  Nice to see you again. 
  [DESOLATE MUSIC] 
  I'm so sorry, Rakesh. 
  Are you kidding? 
  That was perfect. 
  Look, I know Simon's not gonna give me access into his servers. 
  So then why tip him off about Pria? 
  Because the precautions he's gonna take are gonna leave him very vulnerable to the attack that's gonna happen here, tonight, by me. 
  [TRANQUIL PERCUSSION MUSIC] 
  All right, listen to this. 
  "Who's behind the God Account is "the least important question we should be asking. 
  "The real question is "'Why did it take something like this "to show us how much good we can all do?' "We meet people every day who need help "and most of us never stop to ask how we can, "but one person did, and because of him, "lives have been changed for the better, "including mine. 
  Imagine if we all followed his lead. 
  " So Cara's article doesn't even mention Simon Hayes. 
  It looks like Cara went on a journey of her own today. 
  Yeah, I've been trying to find her, but she's not returned any of my texts or calls, and I have no idea where she could be. 
  Well Well, I have to get home. 
  Trish is cooking dinner. 
  She thinks that her paella will take my mind off of tomorrow's election, and I wouldn't worry about finding Cara. 
  I'm fairly certain that, um, you'll be speaking with her very soon. 
  And how are you so sure about that? 
  Faith. 
  Let me know how it turns out. 
  [BELL RINGS] 
  Ah. 
  [WARM MUSIC] 
  Uh, that's my exit. 
  - Hey. 
  - Hi. 
  I, um I read your article. 
  It's amazing. 
  And just so you know, I didn't do it for you, or even for us. 
  I did it for me. 
  Well, I met your boss. 
  He didn't seem too thrilled about it. 
  Yeah. 
  He said it was a great story, but not the one that he wanted me to write. 
  So where does that leave you? 
  Well, I don't think I work at "Catapult" anymore. 
  I'm sorry. 
  You okay? 
  About the job, yeah. 
  About us no. 
  [TENDER PIANO MUSIC] 
  Look, you were up front with me, and I wasn't with you. 
  I betrayed your trust, and after all that, you still raced back to tell me that Simon Hayes might not be behind the God Account. 
  Well, that's not the only thing that I wanted to tell you. 
  You were right. 
  Okay? 
  The God Account isn't mine. 
  It's all of ours, and it's been that way since the beginning, and no matter how this ends, that's what's important. 
  I just needed to be reminded of that. 
  - [CLATTERING] 
  - Oh! 
  Hi. 
  You're both here. 
  Uh, everything good? 
  Yeah, yeah, Rakesh. 
  What's up? 
  Okay, quite a lot, actually. 
  Turns out, Pria's back in town, all right, and she's going to try and destroy the God Account before Simon can sell his technology to anyone willing to pay his price, so both options are really bad for us. 
  You guys follow, right? 
  Yeah, but I don't think Simon is behind the God Account anymore. 
  I think maybe it's been Henry this whole time. 
  Miles, that doesn't make any sense. 
  The God Account is in Simon's servers. 
  We know that. 
  Plus, Henry already tried to destroy it. 
  True, but I found out at Camp Mackinaw that's where Henry's sister Juliet died. 
  Okay, that's what the God Account wanted me to see. 
  Now, it must mean something. 
  Okay, I'm I'm sure it does, but it's it's not that. 
  I'm telling you, it's Simon, and if we don't act fast, we're gonna lose the God Account forever. 
  Now, do you really want this to end? 
  No. 
  No, I don't. 
  Me either. 
  Okay, so how do we stop that from happening? 
  How do we save the God Account? 
  We're gonna steal it. 
  [LIGHT ROCK MUSIC] 
  If we were just gonna hide out at the bar, why did we have to get all dressed up? 
  People are coming in and out of the gala. 
  We need to blend in. 
  You just wanted to wear a tux, didn't you? 
  Name's Singh, Rakesh Singh. 
  [LAUGHS] 
  Is Cara here yet? 
  Oh, yeah, she's inside the gala. 
  She's helping me with something. 
  So you guys gonna be okay? 
  I hope so, but to be honest, I don't know. 
  Look, at the bar, it was just awkward between us. 
  Yeah, dude. 
  You guys are in a fight. 
  Of course it's gonna feel awkward. 
  You gotta push past that to the make-up part. 
  Yeah, but what if we can't? 
  You know how hard that was for us to cross that line the first time. 
  Well, if you can't, then just go back to being friends. 
  [SCOFFS] 
  No, no. 
  I don't want to go back. 
  I can't. 
  W-why not? 
  Because I think I love her. 
  [GENTLE MUSIC] 
  Uh Miles. 
  Is everything okay? 
  Yeah. 
  Yeah, we're fine. 
  Were you able to plug in the range extenders? 
  Yeah, I did. 
  It was the least I could do after getting you fired. 
  You know I couldn't stay mad at you forever. 
  [APPLAUSE] 
  All right, looks like Simon's presentation's about to begin. 
  He's finally going to reveal he's behind the God Account. 
  Thank you. 
  Good evening, and thank you for coming. 
  Okay, well, now would be a good time to tell us how we're going to steal the God Account. 
  Pretty simple, actually. 
  So Simon is gonna take the God Account off of his secure servers in Palo Alto and transfer them to his computer, and when he does, I'm gonna intercept it. 
  And why would he ever take the God Account code off of his servers? 
  He wouldn't, unless he felt like his system was under attack and the God Account risked being destroyed. 
  In that case, well, he's got no choice. 
  So that's why you warned him about Pria. 
  - You were setting him up. 
  - Mm-hmm. 
  I needed him to be ready so now, when Pria attacks, Simon's gonna think he's transferring the God Account to his computer, where he can run it manually. 
  Only we're gonna get it before. 
  Exactly. 
  For centuries, humanity has had a deep fascination with trying to predict the future. 
  The Mayans, Nostradamus, of course, the Psychic Friends Network [LAUGHTER] 
  But none of it's been real. 
  It's just someone telling you what you want to hear versus what is truly going to happen, because nobody actually knows that until now. 
  Tonight, I'm excited to share with you something I believe to be truly extraordinary, something I genuinely believe will change the world for the better. 
  Oh, here we go. 
  Pria's trying to hack into the server farm. 
  - Right on time. 
  - For the past decade, I've been pioneering the field of predictive analytics, working on a project that is nothing short of revolutionary. 
  Download's appearing on Simon's computer, but it's coming straight to our hard drive. 
  Wow, I cannot believe we're actually about to steal the God Account. 
  I guess this doesn't have to end after all. 
  Yeah, I guess not. 
  So after eight months of testing, I am finally ready to share my results with you. 
  Hold the champagne. 
  Something's wrong. 
  So without further ado [LIGHT SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC] 
  Okay, maybe maybe a little further ado. 
  [LAUGHTER] 
  Waited hundreds of years. 
  Just one more second. 
  Oh, no, I think they might suspect that the download's being rerouted. 
  What's going on? 
  Our Wi-Fi's been hacked. 
  We're not getting the download. 
  It's a mirror. 
  Someone's trying to steal it. 
  - Yeah, and they're good. 
  - Rakesh. 
  He set me up. 
  If he hacked into the Wi-Fi, he's here somewhere. 
  Have security find him and shut him down. 
  Um Simon definitely knows we're here. 
  I'm trying to lock him out before he can stop the transfer. 
  Oh, no. 
  No, no, no. 
  Looks like we have another problem. 
  Wait, what are we gonna do? 
  I mean, we can't just block them from seeing Rakesh. 
  - It'll look suspicious. 
  - Maybe not. 
  What are you [LIGHTHEARTED MUSIC] 
  Um, they're gone now. 
  Just FYI. 
  Right. 
  - That was good thinking. 
  - Uh, yeah, yeah. 
  It was just just popped into my head. 
  - - [COMPUTER BEEPS] 
  - Oh, no. 
  - What now? 
  Pria's inside the Palo Alto servers. 
  She's launched a virus I've never seen before. 
  It's breaking through Simon's security. 
  Take her offline right now! 
  I can't. 
  Rakesh locked us out. 
  [LIGHT SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC] 
  Rakesh, you have to stop her. 
  I'm trying, I'm trying, but The God Account it's It's gone. 
  [DESOLATE MUSIC] 
  No, i-it can't. 
  It's not possible. 
  I'm sorry, Miles. 
  Wait, after everything that we've been through, this is how it ends. 
  Rakesh! 
  You set me up! 
  You were working with Pria the entire time! 
  Okay, no, he was trying to stop Pria. 
  How? 
  You locked us out! 
  Well, yeah, technically, but only because I was trying to steal your project, not destroy it. 
  Because of you, we couldn't stop her. 
  Do you understand that? 
  And now it's all gone. 
  All of it erased. 
  That's not what any of us wanted, but now that it's over, I need to know. 
  What? 
  Why me? 
  Why did you choose me for the God Account? 
  C I didn't choose you for anything. 
  What the hell is the God Account? 
  [INVESTIGATORY MUSIC] 
  Wait, so your top-secret project wasn't the God Account? 
  You can keep saying that, but I don't know what the hell that means. 
  Wait, so if the God Account wasn't deleted, that means it's still out there. 
  Then what did Pria destroy? 
  A new algorithm, something that could predict seismic environmental shifts, preventing any number of natural disasters fires, floods, famine, maybe someday reversing global warming and now it's gone, along with ten years of my life, 'cause of you three. 
  Good work. 
  [MELANCHOLY MUSIC] 
  Simon, wait I think he was telling the truth. 
  Yeah, me, too, which means he was really trying to change the world for the better, but because of us, that will never happen. 
  Guys, what have we done? 
  We gotta we gotta fix this. 
  How? 
  His project was destroyed. 
  There isn't anything we could possibly do to fix that. 
  [CELL PHONE VIBRATES] 
  Maybe there is. 
  The God Account just sent me a new Friend Suggestion. 
  [SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC] 
  Simon Hayes. 
  [SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC] 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 