Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x10 - Coney Island Cyclone - God Friended Me 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x10 - Coney Island Cyclone https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=862&t=33832 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 06/04/19 05:53 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x10 - Coney Island Cyclone 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "God Friended Me" The Fibonacci ratio. 
  It is the most mysterious mathematical concept in all of nature. 
  Falken is definitely behind the God Account. 
  Wait, you know Falken's real name? 
  - What was it? 
  - Henry Chase. 
  I couldn't help but notice you and Miles talking. 
  He seems to have changed. 
  And it's pretty obvious what's causing it. 
  Not the God Account. 
  I'm actually back together with Eli. 
  Things with him are good. 
  How do you guys know each other? 
  Nia was the DJ that kept covering up my posters. 
  We both ended up in that marketing class. 
  Dad, hey. 
  Is everything all right? 
  I'd like to know a little bit more about this God Account. 
  Dad came by my apartment last night. 
  Wanted to know all about the God Account and how it works. 
  - Are you serious? 
  - Mm-hmm. 
  How'd it go? 
  I explained it to him, and after a long period of silence he said there had to be an explanation and whoever was behind the God Account is clearly not God. 
  Well, at least you both agree on that. 
  After he got over the initial shock, he said he was happy that I was making a difference. 
  But I could tell it was a lot for him to take in. 
  Maybe you should show him firsthand. 
  You know, take him on one of your Friend Suggestions. 
  - Like a "Friend Along. 
  " - Oh Wait. 
  Wait. 
  Let's not get crazy. 
  One step at a time. 
  I just have to make a quick stop, pick up something for Dee. 
  Here we go. 
  Nothing says love like a $40 eyeliner. 
  Obviously. 
  So what about you? 
  How are things going with you and Nia? 
  Good. 
  Look at that smile, Things must be going better than good. 
  I have to admit. 
  She is the first girl in a while that I can see myself being with. 
  I'm happy for you. 
  Hold it right there, little girl. 
  You got something in your bag? 
  Yes. 
  That's what backpacks are used for. 
  - To hold things. 
  - Okay, don't be smart. 
  I just watched you steal that bottle of perfume. 
  Open the bag. 
  Fine. 
  - I'm calling the cops. 
  - Please don't! 
  Whoa wait, wait, wait. 
  Hold on. 
  That's not necessary. 
  - Excuse me? 
  - Well, she's just a kid. 
  Can't we just figure something out? 
  Look, you, uh, work on commission, right? 
  - Yeah? 
  - Okay, so how about I pay for the perfume and we call it a day? 
  - Fine. 
  - Thanks. 
  You're wel That'll be $125 plus tax. 
  I'll ring you up. 
  Seriously? 
  I'm proud of you. 
  Helping people even when the God Account isn't behind it. 
  Yeah, but the God Account has never cost me $125, So how's work going? 
  It's good. 
  Yeah, Natalie loved my chess story. 
  Said she's making a decision about the job in Features next week. 
  Ah, you're gonna get it. 
  Thanks. 
  Yeah, I'm really proud of what I've been doing. 
  I mean, I've met some amazing people. 
  Yeah, and thank God for Miles, right? 
  Your point being? 
  I'm just saying you guys have been spending a lot of time together lately and sometimes I wonder if I should have anything to worry about. 
  There is nothing to worry about. 
  Look, I know I've been busy and we haven't spent a lot of time together, so Why don't we change that? 
  I'm listening. 
  Well, my friend was telling me about this really great bed and breakfast in Vermont. 
  We could drive up tomorrow and spend the weekend. 
  Okay, that sounds perfect. 
  I'll, uh, rent a car and pack my bags. 
  Can't wait. 
  Now that we know Falken's real name is Henry Chase, what did you find? 
  Nothing. 
  You're telling me you weren't able to find anything? 
  Nothing. 
  No birth certificate, driver's license, bank account. 
  And I've seen people scrub the Internet before, but not like this. 
  Are you sure you don't recognize the name Henry Chase? 
  No. 
  Why? 
  Well, because if he is behind the God Account, then there must be some connection. 
  A reason why he chose you. 
  If there is, I wouldn't know what it would be. 
  There's got to be something we're missing. 
  What else do you know about him? 
  Not much. 
  People think he was a Computer Science major at Columbia, but I couldn't find any enrollment for him online. 
  Which is why we need to go offline. 
  Universities always have a paper trail and a guy that smart would've published in school journals. 
  We need to head down there. 
  Search through the Columbia library. 
  What, like card catalogs? 
  No, she's right. 
  It's one thing for Falken to sit behind a computer and press a few buttons. 
  It's another thing for him to go out into the real world and remove every piece of paper from existence. 
  Well, when you put it like that I got a new Friend Suggestion. 
  Aaron Booker. 
  Look, he's a member of my dad's church. 
  I feel like Falken knows we're getting really close and he's just trying to get you distracted. 
  Well, that's why I have you two. 
  You head down to the library. 
  I'll go ask my dad about Aaron Booker, see what I can find out. 
  Dad. 
  - Miles. 
  - Hey. 
  Um, I, uh just stopped by to talk to you. 
  About the God Account. 
  You know, I appreciate you walking me through all of that. 
  Um, I figured I'd have a little bit more time to digest things. 
  Oh, I completely understand, and I wouldn't have brought it up again, but I got a new Friend Suggestion this morning and He's a member of Harlem Episcopal. 
  Yeah, I know Aaron very well. 
  As a matter of fact, um He came to see me earlier today. 
  About what? 
  I'm sorry, Miles. 
  I can't tell you that. 
  There is a confidentiality between pastor and parishioner. 
  I have an ethical obligation to keep those conversations private. 
  Of course. 
  No, of course. 
  I understand. 
  But don't you think the timing for all of this is a bit strange? 
  I mean, the day after we have a conversation about the God Account, they send you a name of one of my parishioners? 
  Dad, I'm way past strange when it comes to the God Account. 
  Hey look, wait. 
  Um I can't tell you why he came to see me, but about six months ago, his wife died. 
  I presided over the funeral. 
  She was an extraordinary woman and her loss hit him hard. 
  Like it would anyone. 
  Do you mind if I talk to him? 
  Miles, I've been counseling my parishioners for 25 years. 
  I I know, but maybe there's something going on in Aaron's life that he's not sharing with you. 
  That's you're not seeing. 
  Dad! 
  I just want to help. 
  I understand that. 
  But in this case, I'm going to ask you to respect his privacy and my wishes. 
  Please do not get involved. 
  Cara, this is gonna take an eternity to go through. 
  The digital age has made you lazy, Rakesh. 
  We've only been at it for, like, an hour. 
  You know, this is how Woodward and Bernstein broke Watergate. 
  Good old fashioned investigative work. 
  That's the last of the computer science journals from 1999 to 2003. 
  If there's anything else I can do for you, anything, just, uh, let me know. 
  Thank you. 
  Just to be clear. 
  If he was a she, I'd totally use my charm to get access. 
  Would you? 
  Hmm. 
  Hey, you two find anything? 
  Uh, no. 
  Not yet. 
  But if there is anything in here about Falken, we'll find it. 
  What about you? 
  You find anything on Aaron Booker? 
  No, and when I asked my dad about him, - he told me to back off. 
  - Why? 
  He doesn't want me interfering with any of the members of his church and honestly, I see where he's coming from. 
  Yeah but the God Account sent you Aaron's name for a reason. 
  Uh, guys? 
  I think I just hit the jackpot. 
  Written by the one and only Henry Chase. 
  The article's about predictive analytics. 
  Man, Falken was decades ahead of his time. 
  He was writing about the advancements in AI that we're only beginning to delve into today. 
  That's all well and good, Rakesh, but we need actual information on him. 
  His theories are not gonna help us - figure out where he is now. 
  - Yeah, she's right. 
  We need something personal. 
  Exactly. 
  When I was at Ohio State, I wrote for "The Lantern. 
  " We would do profiles on students all the time. 
  Maybe their school paper did the same thing? 
  Okay, great idea. 
  Uh, I'll go ask lover boy over there to help us, uh, pull any old newspapers from when Henry Chase was here. 
  So what are you gonna do about Aaron? 
  I think you're right. 
  I need to talk to him. 
  If there's something I can help him with, I have to trust that my dad will understand. 
  Call me if you two find anything? 
  Yeah. 
  Hey, Dad. 
  I was wondering when I'd be seeing you. 
  Miles called me after you two talked. 
  Filled me in. 
  I see. 
  Then I supposed he told you that his, um, Friend Suggestion is a member of my congregation? 
  He did. 
  I am responsible for the well-being of my parishioners. 
  I can't have some stranger intruding in their lives. 
  Miles is not a stranger, Dad. 
  I recognize the good that your brother is doing and, of course, I want him out in the world helping people. 
  I just wish What? 
  It was done for reasons that were Closer to home. 
  You mean God and not the God Account. 
  Yes. 
  At least then we'd have something we can share together. 
  Maybe this is a chance to do that. 
  See it firsthand. 
  Look, I think if you do, you'll see more of you rubbed off on him than you think. 
  Maybe you're right. 
  I recognize that scarf. 
  - It was Mom's favorite. 
  - Hmm. 
  It'll be 17 years next week. 
  I can't believe it's been that long. 
  Miles' Friend Suggestion he lost his wife a few months back. 
  Yeah? 
  Did you ever think that maybe the God Account sent Miles your parishioner's name because they know that you could use a little extra help with this one? 
  - Can I help you? 
  - Hey I'm Miles Finer. 
  Reverend Finer's son. 
  Oh, yes, of course. 
  Uh, what can I do for you? 
  If you have a few minutes, I was hoping we could talk. 
  Sure. 
  Come on in. 
  I'm just finishing up dinner. 
  - It smells great. 
  - Thank you. 
  Since my wife passed, I've had to learn a few new skills. 
  Cooking included. 
  Hasn't come easy but I think I'm getting the hang of it. 
  Yeah, my my dad mentioned that your wife passed a few months ago. 
  I'm sorry to hear about your loss. 
  Thank you. 
  Yeah, I I know when my mom died, every day seemed to have its own challenges. 
  So I thought I would reach out and see if there was anything I could help you with. 
  The apple doesn't fall far from the tree. 
  Thank you, Miles, but we're doing pretty good. 
  - We? 
  - Yes, my daughter and I. 
  Hanna! 
  Dinner! 
  Uh, you you two know each other? 
  You could say that. 
  Dad, I can explain. 
  Explain what? 
  Hanna told me what happened. 
  Thank you for stepping in at the store, Miles. 
  The last thing that I need right now is to have my daughter getting arrested for shoplifting. 
  Of course. 
  And I insist on paying you back. 
  - How much do I owe you? 
  - No, no, no, no. 
  Please, please, please. 
  I didn't come here for that. 
  I lost my mom when I was a kid too. 
  So I know what she's going through, how easy it is to act out. 
  I wish I could say it was the first time, but after my wife passed away, Hanna started getting into fights at school, her grades dropped. 
  I had to pull her out. 
  I took a leave from work so I could homeschool. 
  Has she talked to anyone? 
  Well, your father recommended a family therapist, but she refused to go and I didn't want to push. 
  Well, it sounds like you're doing everything you can. 
  I am. 
  I've tried to keep her busy. 
  Take her to her favorite spots around the city. 
  It's just everywhere we go Is a reminder of what she lost. 
  Lately I'm thinking your dad is right. 
  About what? 
  It might be easier take less time for Hanna if we started over. 
  Move to a new city. 
  Started making new memories. 
  My father said that? 
  He said that I should do what I feel is best for Hanna. 
  And after today, I'm more convinced than ever he's right. 
  What? 
  You know, this'll go a whole lot faster if I'm not the only one looking. 
  Sorry, sorry. 
  Um, Jaya just texted asking if I knew what ice fishing was. 
  Do you? 
  No, but it sounds hilarious. 
  It seems like you two are making the whole long distance thing work. 
  Yeah. 
  It's tough. 
  I guess the one good thing is it confirmed what I've known since our first date. 
  What's that? 
  That she's the one. 
  Is that how you felt when Eli came back in your life? 
  I mean, I definitely feel like the universe wanted us to find each other again. 
  Did you want to find him? 
  Falken? 
  Excuse me? 
  It's an article from 15 years ago. 
  Henry Chase. 
  Okay, turn to page 12. 
  Um, we have a problem. 
  What? 
  There is no page 12. 
  Someone ripped it out? 
  Oh, got to hand it to him. 
  Falken's covered his tracks offline as well. 
  Whatever is in that article must've been important. 
  What do we do now? 
  A list of contributors. 
  One of these students must've written the article about Henry Chase. 
  If I can track them down, maybe they can tell us what it was about. 
  Got a minute? 
  Aaron called me last night and he told me that you stopped by. 
  I did. 
  Aaron and Hanna need to deal with this as a family. 
  Dad, how is moving away dealing with it? 
  When your mother died, I thought of doing the same thing. 
  There is nothing wrong with a fresh start. 
  There is if you're just running away from your problems. 
  What's that supposed to mean? 
  What? 
  The God Account just liked Paul's Daughter. 
  It's that restaurant on Coney Island. 
  Hm. 
  I think we need to go down there. 
  It may have something to do with Aaron. 
  How do you know? 
  I don't. 
  And I know it might sound crazy, but that's the thing about the God Account. 
  It never does anything without a purpose. 
  Even if you can't see it at first. 
  Sounds like you're talking about faith. 
  No. 
  No, no, no. 
  I'm talking about proof. 
  Okay? 
  This has happened before. 
  I know this place. 
  I need to get down there and I want you to come with me. 
  Look, we'll check it out. 
  If there's nothing there, I'll drop it. 
  I haven't been to Coney Island in years. 
  Nothing's changed. 
  - That's what makes it great. 
  - Yeah. 
  Everything okay? 
  Yeah, yeah. 
  Mom used to take me here for my birthday. 
  I can still picture it in my mind. 
  It'll be 17 years next week. 
  I know. 
  Paul's Daughter. 
  So what happens now? 
  Uh, I don't know but we'll know when we see it. 
  I, uh, only have a half an hour, Miles. 
  I've I've got to set up for an afternoon service. 
  Hanna. 
  I don't understand. 
  I mean, how would they know she was gonna be here? 
  I I don't know, but that's the thing about the God Account. 
  Sometimes things like this just happen. 
  Um I don't see her father so I should give Aaron a call. 
  Wait wait wait a minute. 
  Let me Let me talk to her first. 
  See what's going on. 
  Uh All right. 
  W-what are you doing here? 
  Just taking a walk with my dad. 
  You? 
  Same. 
  He's grabbing some food for us. 
  He'll be back in a second. 
  You, uh, mind if I chill with you until he comes back? 
  Whatever. 
  Everything okay? 
  We're moving. 
  He brought me here to break the news. 
  Like a hot dog and some Skee-Ball will magically make things better. 
  You don't want to move? 
  No. 
  Did you tell him that? 
  I can't. 
  Why? 
  You wouldn't understand. 
  Trust me. 
  I would better than most. 
  My mom died when I was 8. 
  And believe me, there are things I wish I would've told my dad back then. 
  If I could change it, I would. 
  - Arthur? 
  - Oh, hey. 
  Hey. 
  What are you doing here? 
  Uh, I'm just here with Miles. 
  We came across Hanna. 
  Just wanted to make sure she was okay. 
  Hanna? 
  Your dad needs to know how you feel before it's too late. 
  I'm ready to go. 
  - Everything okay? 
  - Fine. 
  Can we go? 
  Hanna, I think you need to tell your dad. 
  Tell me what? 
  I don't know what he's talking about. 
  Miles, what's going on? 
  Hanna doesn't want to move. 
  Is that true? 
  - No. 
  - Hanna. 
  I don't even know you. 
  Just leave me alone. 
  Can we just go, please? 
  Yeah, of course, sweetie. 
  Look, I don't know what you were talking about with my daughter but I think you need to stay away from us. 
  Good-bye, Arthur. 
  You want to tell me what the hell just happened? 
  I was just trying to help. 
  It didn't look like that to me. 
  I mean, Aaron knows what's best for his child. 
  How would you know? 
  You never did. 
  Excuse me? 
  Nothing. 
  It doesn't matter. 
  Clearly, it does. 
  Mom always brought me here for my birthday. 
  - I remember. 
  - And every year, I would run up to the Cyclone and measure myself to see if I was tall enough to finally ride it. 
  And on my eighth birthday, I got close. 
  So I knew it was only one year left. 
  Only Mom didn't make it to my ninth birthday. 
  But I promised myself that I was gonna ride it because that's what Mom wanted me to do. 
  But it never happened. 
  'Cause you never took me. 
  I didn't realize how much you still wanted to go. 
  Well, if you were around, you would know, but you weren't. 
  What are you talking about? 
  Of course I was. 
  Dad, after Mom died, you disappeared into the church. 
  And whenever we did talk, the only thing you would tell me to do was have faith. 
  I didn't need faith. 
  I needed my father. 
  Faith was the one thing that got me through it. 
  The one thing that I knew could help, and I thought it could help you as well. 
  To know that God had a plan, even if you didn't understand Well, I guess God's plan didn't involve taking a nine-year-old to Coney Island for his birthday, did it? 
  You know what I did that night for the first time in my life? 
  I went to bed without saying my prayers. 
  And when I woke up the next morning, I realized it didn't matter. 
  Because nothing changed and it never did. 
  I can't believe you said all that to Dad. 
  Yeah, it just came tumbling out. 
  I mean, we were in such a good place. 
  Like, why did I have to bring this up now? 
  It's not like we can change the past. 
  No, no, no, Miles, this is a big step for you. 
  Dad needed to know how you really thought after all these years. 
  You needed to say it out loud. 
  Get it off your chest. 
  Yeah, but aren't you supposed to feel better after you do that? 
  Well, maybe you don't feel better because you left before you heard what he had to say. 
  Have you figured out what Aaron might need? 
  Why the God Account sent you his name? 
  No. 
  No, he seems to be okay. 
  I think it's about Hanna. 
  I'm just not sure how to help her. 
  You're sure this is the same student who wrote the profile on Henry Chase? 
  Yeah, I spoke with her last night. 
  Her name's Pria Amar. 
  She hasn't seen Henry since college, but I convinced her to meet with us. 
  Hopefully she can remember something that'll help us find him. 
  Hmm, you're pretty good at this. 
  Yeah, I know. 
  Hey. 
  Hey, the car is gassed, Spotify playlist is queued. 
  Any last minute requests for snacks? 
  Uh, surprise me. 
  Okay, but you do realize that ends with gummy bears and Reese's Pieces. 
  Okay, well maybe just include a few items that aren't meant to be eaten on Halloween? 
  So we're still good to go? 
 
 
 
  Uh, yeah, yeah. 
  I just have to do this interview and I'll meet you in a few hours. 
  Okay. 
  Big move. 
  The weekend getaway. 
  Yeah. 
  Yeah, I think a big move is good. 
  Yeah? 
  - What? 
  - We're friends now, right? 
  Well Yes. 
  So, as a friend, can I ask you something? 
  What are you doing? 
  Excuse me? 
  Cara, you were more excited to spend the day at the library than you are to go on this trip with Eli. 
  That's not true. 
  Look, a big move is for telling someone how you feel, not convincing yourself. 
  And you said that you felt like the universe wanted you and Eli to meet again and and maybe that's true. 
  But maybe it's not for the reason you think. 
  Hey, I think that's her. 
  You ready? 
  Woodward and Bernstein, right? 
  Pria? 
  Cara? 
  It's nice to meet you. 
  Yeah, you too. 
  This is my friend Rakesh. 
  - Hi. 
  - Nice to meet you. 
  I have to admit, I was pretty surprised to get your call. 
  You said you were looking for Henry? 
  Um, yeah, uh We were hoping he'd look into this computer program we're having some technical issues with. 
  I know you said that you hadn't seen him since college, but do you guys keep in touch? 
  Sorry, no, though I wished we had. 
  What can you tell us about him? 
  Henry was different. 
  Always lost in thought. 
  He used to walk around the campus like he was just passing through. 
  It gave him this air of mystery. 
  Well, at least I thought so. 
  Plus he was handsome in a disheveled, who-the-hell-cares kind of way. 
  When I interviewed him, he was talking about religion, philosophy, and computers all at the same time. 
  I just found myself nodding trying to keep up. 
  Do you remember if he had any friends? 
  Any people he'd hang out with? 
  Not that I knew of. 
  He was quiet, kept to himself. 
  I know it's been a long time, but do you remember anything from your article? 
  Anything specific that might help us track him down? 
  It's been 20 years. 
  But lucky for you, I've kept the article I wrote. 
  I was going to be a famous journalist back then. 
  I kept my early work for posterity. 
  Did you end up pursuing journalism? 
  No, somewhere along the way to my Pulitzer, I feel in love and settled down. 
  Such is life. 
  Would you do me a favor? 
  If you find Henry, will you tell him I said hello? 
  Sure. 
  Bye. 
  Hope that helps. 
  - Thank you. 
  - Thank you. 
  Dad? 
  What are you doing here? 
  I'm sorry to bother you, but if I can just talk with you. 
  Miles? 
  Dad, what's going on? 
  I came over to make sure things were okay. 
  Look, Mr. 
  Booker, if I can just have five minutes of your time, please. 
  It's about Hanna. 
  I think you should listen to what he has to say. 
  Five minutes. 
  Mr. 
  Booker. 
  I understand wanting to move on. 
  To pack up everything that reminds you of your wife and put it in boxes. 
  But that is not what Hanna needs. 
  I think we've been over this. 
  I know what my daughter needs. 
  With all due respect, right now I don't think you do. 
  - Miles - Dad, please. 
  Please. 
  Just let me finish. 
  I can't put myself in your shoes, but I've been in hers. 
  I know what she's feeling. 
  And right now, more than anything else, she is desperate to remember her mother. 
  What are you talking about? 
  You wife's? 
  Yes. 
  Where'd you get that? 
  I found it in one of the boxes that you were donating. 
  This was the same perfume that Hanna was caught shoplifting. 
  She doesn't want to move. 
  She doesn't want to run away from the pain. 
  You do. 
  What Hanna needs right now is to know that she is not in this alone. 
  That she has someone that she can talk to to remember her mother with. 
  If you don't open up to her now, you'll both wake up 15 years later wishing you had And realizing that you can never get that time back. 
  Just tell her how you feel. 
  It's been a while. 
  Not sure how I remember how anymore. 
  Speak from the heart. 
  You'll be fine. 
  I haven't been listening very good, have I? 
  You don't want to move. 
  No. 
  Why didn't you tell me? 
  Because I knew you wanted to. 
  Yeah. 
  I just didn't realize why until today. 
  Did you know that I first bought that for your mom the day we found out we were having you? 
  No. 
  Mom never told me. 
  I can remember it like it was yesterday. 
  The smile across her face when we heard the news. 
  She always wanted a girl. 
  So did I. 
  I miss her so much. 
  Me too. 
  I'm so sorry I made you feel like you had to forget her. 
  You don't. 
  And luckily, neither do I. 
  Because I have the most amazing reminder of her. 
  What? 
  You. 
  So you think this Henry Chase guy is behind the God Account? 
  Mm-hmm. 
  And this article you tracked down might help you find him? 
  Mm-hmm. 
  You two are phenomenal conversationalists, you know that? 
  Sorry. 
  It's Okay, listen to this. 
  In the article, Henry talks about wanting to use technology to explore humanity. 
  To bring us together. 
  It's almost like he's talking about the God Account. 
  He alludes to some tragedy that happened in his life but never gets specific. 
  Maybe what happened has something to do with why he's helping people now. 
  He's trying to correct the past. 
  Then why not come forward? 
  You know, why hide for the last ten years? 
  Maybe he was waiting. 
  For what? 
  To find the right person for the God Account. 
  Miles. 
  Okay, let's say you're right. 
  Then why not introduce himself? 
  Or or at least leave some clues on how to find him? 
  Maybe he has. 
  Uh, I need to go. 
  I need to get to my computer. 
  I'll I'll text you later. 
  Um Have a good trip. 
  Where are you going? 
  Uh, Vermont with Eli. 
  You don't sound sure. 
  You said the God Account might be about Falken trying to correct something from his past, right? 
  Yeah. 
  You ever think that that's what you might be trying to do with Eli? 
  What are we doing back here? 
  I've been thinking a lot about what you said to me. 
  It was, uh, hard to hear. 
  - I know. 
  I'm sorry. 
  - No, don't be. 
  You were right. 
  What Aaron was doing, trying to run from his pain, not deal with his loss. 
  I didn't see it. 
  Not because it was foreign to me, but because it was so damn familiar. 
  I wasn't there for you like you needed me to be. 
  As a parent, all you want is to protect your kids from pain. 
  I mean, when you and Ali were little and you hurt yourself skin you knee or bumped your head, anything small if I could get to you fast enough and catch you before you started crying and tell you everything's gonna be okay "You're gonna be okay. 
  " More often than not, you'd believe me. 
  You mother never tried to convince you of anything. 
  She'd just - Listen. 
  - Mm-hmm. 
  Not a day does by that I don't wake up thinking of her. 
  Me too. 
  Your mother used to say that anything that makes you smile is God. 
  In all my years as a reverend, I haven't heard a better description of what I believe. 
  Now, I have no idea who's behind the God Account or why they chose you, but when I saw that smile on Hanna's face today It's hard not to see God in that. 
  So what, we're just gonna head back? 
  Not quite yet. 
  What do you say? 
  Well, I'm sure you're tall enough. 
  Most people say you can't go back in time. 
  That there is no way to correct the mistakes of our past. 
  The past is a funny thing. 
  The only power it has over us is what we choose to give it. 
  When we let go of it, we let go of the expectations that come with it. 
  The need to correct it. 
  Hey. 
  I can't go. 
  Yeah, I kinda got that. 
  When we ran into each other on the street that night I don't know, it felt like fate. 
  And we both had changed so much, maybe we owed it to ourselves to try again. 
  - I still want to. 
  - I know. 
  And I thought I did too. 
  But the thing is I I don't think we changed so we can get back together. 
  I think we changed so we could keep moving forward. 
  And I need to keep doing that. 
  Yeah, I think you do too. 
  But if you're being completely honest with yourself, are you sure this isn't about Miles? 
  Yeah. 
  Yeah, I'm sure. 
  It's about me. 
  Bye, Eli. 
  See you around, Cara. 
  The past will always be a part of who we are. 
  It's how we feel about it moving forward that matters. 
  Sorry, I know that taking all this stuff back home isn't very charitable. 
  How's Hanna doing? 
  She's good, she's good. 
  Back in school. 
  Has a smile on her face again. 
  I want to thank you both for that. 
  Well, I'm glad that we could help. 
  Does it get any easier? 
  I mean, do you ever stop missing them? 
  No, but why would you want to? 
  Thanks, Arthur. 
  Sometimes it's as simple as replacing one memory with another. 
  Or finding some small way to carry it with us. 
  And while I know you can't go back in time and correct the past, sometimes you can get pretty close. 
  Hey, you said you figured something out. 
  What is it? 
  After reading the article on Henry Chase, I started thinking what if we already have everything we need in order to find Falken? 
  What if he's already given all the pieces to us? 
  - What do you mean? 
  - Well, I started inputting all the coordinates of all the Friend Suggestions we've gotten, and all the places and events associated with them, we have John Dove and the subway, Cara and the park bench, Katie and Nate in Central Park. 
  We got Hayden Planetarium, Grand Central, Sal's brownstone, the chess shop, all of it. 
  And? 
  Check this out. 
  A Fibonacci Spiral. 
  It's like everything we've been doing has already been predicted. 
  That's impossible. 
  And yet, not. 
  Predictive analytics, remember? 
  Yeah, it looks like the spiral isn't complete yet. 
  Uh, it's not but it's close. 
  The center just needs a few more data points in order to match the golden ratio. 
  You mean Friend Suggestions. 
  Mm-hmm. 
  Well, if my calculations are correct, our next Friend Suggestion will complete the spiral and pinpoint the location. 
  For what? 
  Falken. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 