Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x06 - Just Decisions - Berlin Station 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x06 - Just Decisions https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=720&t=29875 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 11/21/16 06:53 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x06 - Just Decisions 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Berlin Station"... 
 Are you familiar with Aleksandre Iosava? 
 Potential overlap with the Boston bombers, supposedly reformed. 
 Valerie : Been so busy watching him, haven't paid any attention to her. 
 So, she's sending men out, not bringing them in. 
 Not men. ISIL brides. 
 You're different than I was expecting. 
 What were you expecting? 
 Esther : Your mother was sleeping with a Stasi spy. 
 He was developing her. 
 You think you're clever? 
 You're working me? 
 You still don't trust me. 
 No. I don't. 
 What the f*ck was that? 
 We had a plan. 
 Well, I think it succeeded. 
 The Agency's f*cked. 
 Everyone's more concerned with self-preservation than they are with gathering real intelligence. 
 Your behavior is reckless and self-serving, and I swear to God, if this sh1t continues, Steven, I'll... 
 You will what? 
 Golda : Your support would be a huge gain for Tel Aviv. 
 Name your price. Money's no object. 
 [Gunshots] 
 You're an asshole. 
 Hey, come on. 
 I still love you. 
 Hector loves me. 
 You love him? 
 Of course I do. 
 sh1t. 
 That money that you gave to Iosava is being used to smuggle young girls into Syria, where they will be raped and beaten and raped again for the rest of their lives. 
 You no longer have the luxury of options. 
 You will stay and play and you will force Iosava's hand. 
 Hector : You listen to me. This will never happen again. 
 Do you hear me? Never. 
 [David Bowie's "I'm Afraid of Americans" plays] 
 ♪ Johnny's in America, low techs at the wheel ♪ 
♪ I'm afraid of Americans ♪ 
♪ I'm afraid of the world ♪ 
♪ I'm afraid I can't help it ♪ 
♪ I'm afraid I can't ♪ 
♪ I'm afraid of Americans ♪ 
♪ I'm afraid of the world ♪ 
♪ I'm afraid I can't help it ♪ 
♪ I'm afraid I can't ♪ 
♪ I'm afraid of Americans ♪ 
 [Siren wails in distance] 
 [Operatic music plays] 
 Steven : You can keep that one. 
 Can I get all the other files back, please? 
 Hans : Are we all here? 
 All right. We believe that Aleksandre and Ruth Iosava are running an underground route from Germany into Syria for young girls to marry ISIL fighters. 
 He's funding it through his refugee foundation, and she's recruiting the girls. 
 Now you want Cologne to approve a large-scale operation because he's sending underage girls to be married in the desert? 
 We can't always be chasing ticking bombs. 
 One day, those girls will return to their families in Germany. 
 They are ticking bombs. 
 Cologne might hear that argument. 
 You can give Cologne that file there, show them the intercepts that link Iosava directly to Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, the head of Daesh. 
 Then, of course, Cologne will ask if you should expect Thomas Shaw to expose the operation. 
 Well, uh, that's why we're meeting here in your shielded room, and that's why I have personally chosen the participants. 
 Our primary objective is to discover Iosava's underground route into Syria. 
 We know Berlin to Istanbul. 
 Once they've admitted to shipping people, you can make the arrests, and we'll ask them ourselves. 
 To that end, our agent, Bora Osman, has established contact, and he's asked Iosava to send one of his relatives to Syria. 
 Bora. 
 Hans : Iosava agreed to this? 
 Without saying the words aloud, yes. 
 Iosava wants to take possession of one of our officers at Boulevard Berlin's food court. 
 He thinks it's safe. 
 Noise, crowds, distractions... 
 He thinks he can get away if necessary. 
 However, half of the crowd will be ours. 
 How many people do we need? 
 We're looking at 100. 
 And how many are you supplying? 
 20, and our agent. 
 Clare Itani. 
 Valerie : Yes. 
 She will be acting as the ISIL bride to be. 
 50/50. 
 Hans didn't give us backup last time. 
 Now we're asking for a lot more with a smaller window. 
 He won't fight for it. 
 You look worried. 
 I'm not worried about you. 
 I'm worried about the Iosavas once you get your hands on their sorry asses. 
 [Chuckles] 
 We've never met her before. Is she convincing? 
 Utterly. 
 You want her to bring weapons? 
 Yes. Sidearms. 
 We will be armed. 
 I'm not sure Cologne will approve them for you. 
 Now, as far as division of labor, Hans and Steven will be in the security room at the mall. 
 Johnson is technical point. 
 And we've asked Esther to run the German team and Daniel to run the U.S. team. 
 We'll be in the food court, but we'll keep bodies around the perimeter in case we need to move. 
 I suggest you do the same. 
 Yeah. Genius. 
 I'll be on the floor with them, and Robert will have his team at the north entrance next to the parking garage. 
 We could cover the main and west entrances. 
 Question... This is 36 hours away, which barely gives us time to set it up. 
 Is that a question? 
 Sorry, it is not. 
 Well, we have no choice but to follow Iosava's, uh, schedule. 
 I mean, it's tricky, but, uh, it's not impossible. 
 And if it fails... Someone is hurt or anything goes wrong, is there a cover story ready? 
 Rival Islamic factions. 
 We'll take this up with Cologne, and I'll have an answer by morning. 
 Did you look into the information I gave you? 
 [Door opens] 
 No. 
 But I did look up Viktor Krug. 
 Stasi colonel. 
 I bet he was a wonderful father. 
 He was responsible for the assassination of at least five exiles in London and Bonn. 
 At home, he raided houses because people read the wrong books. 
 I'll bet he kept that secret. 
 When you have a home, you do anything to protect it. 
 But you must have a home first, Daniel. 
 Now, that went well. 
 Well, I still have to hash it out with Cologne, so let's not pat ourselves on the back till tomorrow. 
 I think Esther's right. It's not enough time. 
 We should be waiting for later shipment. 
 This may be the only shipment we ever know about. 
 That's not a reason. 
 If it wasn't Clare? 
 I'd have exactly the same reservations. 
 Oh, Christ, Valerie, we always have reservations. 
 That's what we do. 
 Good. 
 Yeah. 
 [Sighs] 
 [Sighs] 
 We knew there would be repercussions. 
 You can't punish these people. It doesn't work. 
 But that's what you know, isn't it? 
 Punishment and reward? 
 No. 
 You and me, too. 
 We met at the end of your fist. 
 Tell me that this is all heading somewhere, and I'll stay with you. 
 It's all heading somewhere. 
 [Door shuts] 
 Mm. 
 How's Hans? 
 Sends his love. 
 You're up late. 
 So, did you call the director's office? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Mm? 
 It's between me and another person. 
 Who? 
 I don't know. 
 My inside man thinks telling half a secret makes him coy or something. 
 But he did say that if I can pull this off, the desk is mine. 
 And will you pull it off? 
 Of course. 
 I'll get you a glass, then. 
 This Houjin Lin operation was an eye opener, Robert. 
 It corroborated some intelligence we picked up in Beijing. 
 What kind of intelligence was that? 
 You made some important people in Tel Aviv very happy. 
 They want to set you up with a retirement account. 
 I told you I don't want that. 
 Then stop making them nervous. 
 Tell me what you want. 
 What I need from you is the same kind of help you're getting from me. 
 I don't want to fester and die in one deputy slot after another. 
 I need some serious f*cking intelligence, Golda. 
 Better yet, a recruitment. 
 You want us to run a dangle into you? 
 Fake your way to the top? 
 How do you think most of my bosses got their jobs? 
 I need to start flying at Steven's altitude. 
 And if this operation against Iosava goes forward, that would get you moving, wouldn't it? 
 Steven Frost rises to Deputy Director and gives you the station you want. 
 No, no, no, no. 
 I don't want a station. 
 I follow him to Washington, being right in the heart of it, right in the thick of it at Langley. 
 [Sighs] 
 You want to be nearer to your son, Robert, don't you? 
 You came to us because you were very angry with Steven Frost. 
 You still are. 
 But here's my counsel. 
 Do not show your anger. 
 Let him keep you under his wing. 
 Help him with this, and ride with him back home. 
 We both know this is his last chance to make his mark if he wants to become Deputy Director. 
 Let's make sure he succeeds. 
 [Sighs] Ingrid. 
 You have your approval. 
 [Sighs] 
 Thank you. 
 But no guns for you. 
 And our deal? 
 You get Dieter Klaus's file. 
 Everything you shared with us... four years of it. 
 Hans. 
 No one can find out that I gave it to you. 
 No one. 
 [Knock on door, door opens] 
 So? 
 It's on. 
 Weapons? 
 No. No weapons. 
 This is it, then? 
 I'll start rounding up the troops. 
 [Telephone beeps] 
 Sandra, is Daniel in the station? 
 So. The developments? 
 What do you mean? 
 You had Julian De Vos' file for a week. 
 And you said you would get me information on the black site he escaped from. 
 Getting the file put eyes on me. 
 I've had to move very carefully. 
 I'd like a time frame. 
 What would help is the black-site information. 
 Julian De Vos will lead me to Thomas Shaw. 
 Us. 
 I have a meeting with Ingrid Hollander today. Shaw's reporter? No, that's too risky. Where are you meeting her? I'll give you a report afterward. [Scoffing] Yeah. You know, I-I don't know what you think your position is at this point. You're a ship without a harbor, buddy. You don't want to do this alone, Daniel. Particularly now. One more Shaw leak, and all our jobs are in jeopardy. You know, once upon a time, Shaw, he'd leak Agency misdeeds all over the world, but he has hit this station three times in a row. What's his beef against us? Maybe he has a problem with you. He wants to ship all of us home. [Knocking at door] We have to shore up our credibility with headquarters before the next attack. [Knocking continues] One sec. Clare : I forgot how ugly your stairwell is! Hey. Hey, you gonna let me in? I-I-I-I didn't know you were coming. Oh, oh. We're announcing ourselves now? Well, I just wanted to tell you that, um... Got it. N-No, not exactly. No, you haven't. Exclusivity was never our thing. Will I see you later? You've never moved this fast before, Steven. Why the rush? Steven : Opportunity was on the table. You always have opportunities. Do you know what headquarters thinks of us? They don't. Forget all the work we've done over the years. We're dealing with ADHD over there. We're a litmus test. How many hits does it take for Shaw to kill a station? We got lucky with Houjin Lin, but luck never holds. So, we need to remind them who we are and what the f*ck we do here. And we need a win. We need a win. If... If we want to succeed in this, we all have to stand together. Need a win? Stand together? [Chuckles] Anybody reaching for that many clichés sounds like they're hiding something. Oh, come on, Valerie. Are you hiding something, Steven? Jesus. God. Oh, my God. This is about Jemma Moore's desk, isn't it? This has nothing to do with Iosava, does it? Good Christ, Steven. You used to care about the human cost. You used to care about the repercussions... You are so goddamn detached. Excuse me? Gerald and Clare... They're not our friends, they're our colleagues, and when you mistake them for friends, you undermine your work, and you've been undermining it for a very long time. [Door opens, shuts] [Sighs] Okay, so you want to know who it was? Not really? Friend of mine got beat up, and, um, I-I... Stop, okay? I just wanted to get in a good f*ck before the op. Op? What op? If you don't know, you're not supposed to know. Tell me. I'm a bride for the Caliphate. That's the setup. Get a confession, and we finally bring down Iosava. And if he doesn't confess? Then I'm on a plane to Istanbul. That's insane. You're not doing it. What else should I do with my time? Take a f*cking break. Go back to being a grad student. You think that's real? No, Hector. An hour ago, I was a graduate student. Now I'm a CIA officer under non-official cover. You should see what I am around my parents. All of them, they're roles. Okay, so when was this operation decided on? Idea's been floating around for days. Val and I got the call this morning. It's tomorrow. Tomorrow? f*ck that. It's fine. You'll be alone tonight? I hope not. What the f*ck, Valerie? You want to shut that door? She gets back from Saudi and you immediately want to risk her neck? No. But the Verfassungsschutz approved it a few hours ago. Right, so it's in Hans Richter's hands. I'll talk to him. You expose yourself to Hans Richter, and you are out. Oh, come on. You think he doesn't already know who I am? f*ck it. Stop! I have done, and I will continue to do everything in my power to make sure that this works out. Okay, I'm in. Sign me up. [Scoffs] Frost is not gonna declare you to Hans. You have way too many cases we can't expose to the Germans. Then I won't show myself to the f*cking Germans. And you are involved with Clare. I am not risking your emotions. It is out of the question. [Sighs] Okay, who's running point? Daniel. f*cking Daniel? You have a problem with him? [Speaks German] You make sure your hat's screwed on right. Do not f*ck this up. We're covering all contingencies. Clare is going to be fine. 
 
 Azar Gulek. My nephew's wife. From Saray. Iranian family. Azar married... Huseyin. Huseyin. Huseyin fought in Raqqa with the... I can't do it. Yes, you can. This is crazy. It's not, Bora. I have a family. Your family is why you'll do this. My parents fled Iran because of people like Iosava. They trekked across the world just so they could walk down the street and not worry about snipers and public executions. People like Iosava smear my family's culture and yours with blood. What kind of Islam do you want your children to grow up with? [Sighs] Bora. Once again from the top. [Muffled cheers and applause] When I look at them, I see compromise, the whole f*cking bunch of them. Kompromiss. You know what my dad did with his time on earth? He went on civil-rights marches, stopped whaling boats with his own two hands, ambushed cops in Kent State, drank himself through the mad, nasty f*cking '70s. Never took no for an answer. Never said no. What's that? All the details of Clare's operation. There's no time if you want Ingrid Hollander to publish tomorrow. As soon as she pulls it up, they'll have no choice but to abort. I'm gonna take it to her. That's not the system. Give it to me. You already broke the f*cking system, Julian. You have a choice, Hector. You deliver it yourself, break our system, and you'll be caught. It's all over for you. So, why don't you sleep on it? [Car door opens, closes] Who are we visiting? Gheorgi Codreanu. Some Afghans paid him to smuggle heroin across the Black Sea. Yes, terrorists. Gheorgi Codreanu? You wrote an article about him, right? Woman : Hello, Ingrid. Hello, Gheorgi. Ja. They have him on clozapine. If they don't tie him up, he'll scratch his eyes out. The CIA tortured him for information he didn't have. When he was finally released, he lost his mind. He was a criminal, not a terrorist. Hey. He doesn't know him. Let's go. Gheorgi : [Weakly] Julian. [Whimpering] [Speaks German] That's what your CIA does to people. That is the end point of your foreign policy... broken people tied to beds. This is why Thomas Shaw does what he does. Why do you think Shaw came to you in the first place? Because of the article you wrote. That man was in the same prison as Julian De Vos. Look at him. He killed Claudia. Shaw brought this monster into your life. You don't know that. I think we both know it's true. Just get off my f*cking computer. [Indistinct conversations] [Both moaning] Come on, you can do better than that. Tell me. Woke up, you went to school, you came home. That's all you got for me? Hey, I'm working on coming home. [Groans] No. That's the spirit. Come on. Call in sick. [Groans] What time is it? Ugh. I got to go. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. You want me to make an honest man of you? Maybe I just want you to support my bad habits. I have a box of Euro I've been holding onto for a long time. Illicit cash? Keep us going for a year. You're crazy. I know. Good morning. Oh, hey. Hey. [Sighs] I was dreaming about water. That should mean something. [Sighs] Thank you. Sit. 40 years. 40 years I've been in this agency. Since 1976. Jimmy Carter. We landed on Mars. Uh, Soweto uprising. Red China, Soviets. Wow. Everything seems just so black and white, you know? And that's bullshit. The world's always been complicated. It's youth. I see it in my daughter. You know, she's black, white, black, white. And you grow up, and you learn the truth. There's hard decisions and harder decisions. [Chuckles] Oh, Sandra, I don't know. I don't know if I made the right one. They're just decisions, Steven. You live with them, move on. It's what the rest of us do. Come on, stay. I'm going. Playing a widow today. I need a wedding ring. Have it. [Chuckles] I could stop this, you know. How? I have my ways. You keep at this, we're done. I mean it. You're infantilizing me. I'm trying to protect you. I don't need protection. What I need is a little respect, okay? I'll see you tonight. I'll see you tonight. [Door opens, shuts] [Radio chirps] Eyes? Man #1 : One, check. Esther : Two, check. [Speaks German] Danke schon. Man #2 : Check, three. Try the Chinese. Boy, you really do take your life in your hands. Please. Necessary communication only. Let's hope this is worth the trade, Steven. Man #2 : Check. Three, take your position. Visual on first. Man #1 : Check. To your left. Who has visual on the package? Man #1 : One, negative. Esther : Two, negative. Woman : Standby, eight. Man #2 : Check. Your hosts are in position. What the f*ck are you doing here? My job. Sir, uh... DeJean is here. Hector DeJean? Your assistant cultural attaché? Can we get him out of there? Not without showing our hand. Is there something you want to tell me about Mr. DeJean? I told you I had this. I know. You stay away from her. Never trust the Germans. We have a visual on Fawn and Swingset. Fawn and Swingset approaching. Man #1 : Package approaching escalator two. Johnson : I have a visual. Man #3 : Visual on first. Esther : Two, check. Man #2 : Check. Man #1 : I've got eyes on Fawn and Swingset. You've got this, okay? This better be working. Someone please tell her it's working. Esther : Two, check. What the f*ck? Man #1 : Swingset is entering second floor bathroom. Hold on. Hector. Hey, Bora. Listen to me. When you bring a girl to the dance, you don't just f*cking leave her. Now, I'm not playing around, Bora. You see, I happen to love that woman out there, and if you f*ck this up for her, I'm gonna have to drag you down into my basement. Man #1 : Be advised, package has arrived in early model blue U.S. mini van. Flamingo and four friends. Where the f*ck is her husband? Bora Osman disappears and Iosava sends his wife? You better get control of this, Steven. Man #3 : Flamingo en route to second floor via escalator two. Man #1 : Be advised... Swingset is not on his mark. Where's Flamingo? Esther : On her way up to level two. sh1t. He's back. Man #2 : Flamingo and friends are approaching food court. Esther : Be advised... two of them are armed. [Sighs] Frau Iosava. Meine I am sorry, but her German is... I not speak the German. You are beautiful, Azar. He sent his wife? Eyes on me. f*ck you. Eyes on me. Bora told us about your husband. I'm sorry. Yes. Huseyin. He die in battle. What was his profession? He work for his father. Cafe in Saray, near to Iran. He do not ask me for to marry until he has buy a house. Our families know each other long time. Children? Azar? They arrest him, the government. Say he is terrorist. They say I am bad mother. Take my two sons to Ankara. And Huseyin? When he get out from prison, he want to take gun, go to Ankara. I say no. I tell him go to Syria for Caliphate. And then we go to Ankara, take our sons. Give them new life in Raqqa. Switching to Arabic. She's testing her. Why is she here? She wants to... Is this true? Did you really try to bring the whole family to Germany? Bora is most generous man I ever have to known. This is why I come to Germany. After Huseyin die, I know Bora is last good man in our family. And why do you want to leave? I... cannot take the Europe. I want I will fill Caliphate with children. I want I will give strength to young fighters. And someday, God willing, we will go to Ankara. [Voice breaking] We get my sons back. My heart is warmed by the passion in your performance. As soon as I saw your pretty face from over there, I knew you were special. And familiar. You know Daayna and Sabina. Yes? [Sighs] I'm not going to get angry, child, because this isn't hatred. It's a war. My truth against your truth. Allah will grant one of us the victory, either the innocent or the guilty [Cellphone rings] that kill mothers and children on their way to market. In the meantime, we do our jobs. [Cellphone rings] Golda. Golda : We had an agreement, oh son of Israel. Yes. You were going to tell me everything. What are you talking about, Golda? Why did three men just kidnap Aleksandre Iosava? What? You did not tell me about that. The hell are you talking about, Golda? You have microphones, I'm sure, and I know better than to say anything incriminating. Instead, I will walk away. [Cellphone ringing] You will, too. Yeah. Call it off. Get her the f*ck out of there. Someone's nabbed Iosava off the street. We will see each other again. Not today. [Speaks Indistinctly] Call it off. Johnson : Sir? Get... Get them out of there now! Abort. Abort. What's going on? Abort. You're coming with us, or we will kill you both. Man : What? Johnson : I repeat, abort. Man #2 : Keep eyes on the package. Do not engage. [People screaming] sh1t! Bora? [Groans] Bora? In pursuit... blue van, Berlin plate. Bravo-Walker-Alpha-2647. [Horns honking] f*ck. What's your status? Do you have her? Negative. They're not in the van. They ran a bait and switch. Man : The roof is clear. The perimeter is secure. No signs of targets. [Breathing heavily] Deputy Director. Um... well, tell who's ever not at lunch that it's Berlin. [Sighs] What the f*ck are you doing? A rendition in the middle of an operation? [Voice breaking] What the f*ck's the matter with you? What... why would... Don't give me that bullshit! Pass the buck. What the f... God, you don't know about it?! No, you listen to me, there are people down everywhere. I don't know how many are dead. They shot a boy point blank. A boy. Okay, then who took them? Let me tell you something. Let me tell you something. [Sighs] I'm gonna get our officer back if it's the last thing I do, because that is the only thing that matters now. I'm gonna get her back with or without your f*cking help, and when I do, I... I am not... I am not capable of running this station anymore, or anything else, as far as that goes, so [clears throat] when I get her back, and I will, I resign. [Cellphone beeps] Hey. Hey. Stop. Stop. f*cking find her. We got to f*cking find her. We have to find her. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. We have to find her. I'll get her back. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 