Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x04 - By Way of Deception - Berlin Station 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x04 - By Way of Deception https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=720&t=29540 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 11/07/16 08:30 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x04 - By Way of Deception 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Berlin Station"... 
 Sally :  A second wave of Thomas Shaw leaks broke, exposing questionable ethics at the highest levels of the agency. The newest casualty being Deputy Director Jemma Moore. 
 What is this? 
 That is why we are here. 
 We'll need access to every file, folder, and Post-it note in this facility. 
 Where there's a paper trail, there's Thomas Shaw to light it on fire and burn us alive. 
 I took the files out last week, and I fixed them. 
 Nobody's gonna find anything. 
 Fake agents, Steven? 
 They existed only on paper. 
 We took the payments for ourselves. 
 Thank you for protecting me. 
 I might have a shot at Deputy Director. 
 What? Do you want it? 
 I don't know. 
 Have you had any contact with Aleksandre Iosava? 
 What kind of friends do you think I keep? 
 You will go to his home and bring me back a full, detailed report. 
 He said yes? He's saying yes? 
 There were no overtures to get you to help them? 
 No. 
 Your mission doesn't end because I'm finished, Daniel. 
 Thought I'd make one last contribution while I can. 
 Julian De Vos. 
 Kill list? He isn't dead. 
 No according to you he isn't. 
 I got to take a leak. 
 You need to be careful, Daniel. 
 You know, with this Thomas Shaw sh1t going down. 
 Steven :  I know you came here on Jemma Moore's bidding. 
 She's gone, and you can't do this alone. 
 I want to help you find Thomas Shaw  'cause he'll take us down if we don't take him down first. 
 [David Bowie's "I'm Afraid of Americans" plays] 
 ♪ Johnny's in America, low techs at the wheel ♪ 
♪ I'm afraid of Americans ♪ 
♪ I'm afraid of the world ♪ 
♪ I'm afraid I can't help it ♪ 
♪ I'm afraid I can't ♪ 
♪ I'm afraid of Americans ♪ 
♪ I'm afraid of the world ♪ 
♪ I'm afraid I can't help it ♪ 
♪ I'm afraid I can't ♪ 
♪ I'm afraid of Americans ♪ 
 [Breathing heavily] 
 [High-pitched ringing] 
 [Muffled shouting] 
 ♪♪♪♪ 
 [Breathes deeply] 
 Oh. 
 Oh, I dozed off. 
 I just got here. 
 [Sighs] Just give me a minute. 
 [Sighs] 
 Sit down. 
 Whoa. [Chuckles] 
 You know, when I my daughter was a baby, I used to try to steal away to this or that safe house just to catch a nap. [Chuckles] 
 Okay. 
 That's how we're playing it. 
 Shaw's courier. 
 Julian De Vos. 
 Unredacted. 
 How did you get it? 
 Well, I've been doing this a lot longer than Jemma Moore. 
 What do you know about the trigger puller who was contracted to kill him? 
 Uh, Frank Dupont, former Special Activities. 
 Last anybody knew, he was on a boat in the Netherlands. 
 Frank Dupont. 
 Let's hope the boat's still there. 
 I'll track him down when I can. 
 Yeah. 
 Sorry. 
 You had a chip on it. 
 What is your deal, Daniel? 
 Something about you just doesn't add up. 
 I'm just doing my job. 
 Finding Thomas Shaw is not your job. 
 It's your cause. Why? 
 You were wounded in Chechnya. 
 You were branded a war hero... well, by Langley. 
 And then for 10 years, you're... you have a cushy analyst job... 10 years. 
 And then one day, what, you wake up, you say, "Gee, you know, I-I think I'd like to go back in the field." 
 Thanks for the file. 
 Daniel. 
 Whatever it is you're trying to prove, just... don't let it cloud your judgment finding Shaw. 
 [Siren wails] 
 ♪♪ 
 [Soul music playing] 
 [Breathing heavily] 
 You don't decide where we meet. 
 Today I do. 
 I'm not eating my lunch in that dump. 
 What if I said I had intel on the truth-teller Shaw? 
 Truth-teller? 
 You buy that sh1t? 
 Well, my company has just been hired to safeguard the servers for the newspaper that publishes that sh1t. 
 What does that mean? 
 No hacker or government will be able to spy on the  Berliner Zeitung. 
 Does the  Zeitung  think they're being watched? 
 Of course they do. Shaw has put the world spotlight on them. And now they can afford to do something about it. 
 When's it happening? We're moving all their content to our facility this week. Happy? Now, I want out of this arrangement. I need everything on the project head, possibly access to their servers. Did you hear what I just said? You have expensive tastes, Lana. That's probably why we caught you pilfering all that cash from your company. [Sighs] This the last time, Kevin. We'll see. Enjoy your lunch. Can I go in? Just one second. Thanks. I take it you're a no-show at this week's conference. Remind me. Germany-U.S.-Iran economic cooperation. Second round of investments into Tehran. Well, yeah, that... that would be my second favorite thing to do. What's your first? Everything else. London's Station Chief will be there. Jason Wolfe? Definitely not going. Well, you know, the White House will be there, too, vetting candidates for Deputy Director. You know Wolfe's gonna be gunning for it. You've been talking to Robert. You know, it was bad enough having to work with that bigot in Vienna. What, are you trying to get rid of me? No. I'm trying to save us all from having to work with Jason Wolfe again. Well, I don't think I'm ready to leave Berlin. You seem ready to me. Daniel. Thank you. I need you to green-light an op. What if I told you that I had a way to get eyes and ears inside the  Berliner Zeitung? All the documents Shaw has and will leak... we'll be a step ahead. You want to put a tap on the  Zeitung? We have a window of opportunity. The newspaper's moving their servers to Joker's company this week. She can get us access. I just need station resources to set up the malware. I'll get a lot of questions back home. You know, "Why are you hacking into a German tech company?" Call it a mole hunt for a Russian agent working inside A.S.P. ♪♪ But where'd the lead come from for the fake mole? Say it came from Hans Richter. Whatever it takes, so long as only you and I know that this leads us to the  Zeitung  or Shaw. Okay. Um, I'll charge it to my C.I. account, and I'll make sure no one else in this station has access but you and me. Okay? ♪♪ [Indistinct conversation] Hello. Hello. [Speaking German] ♪♪ [Siren wailing in distance] You saw the exchange of money? Swingset forked over an envelope of cash to Iosava. Your move. Can't confront him yet. Donating money to a refugee foundation is hardly damning. But asking for 20 grand cash is. You know what people like Iosava do with that kind of money? They build bombs and pay the families of suicide bombers. What's the benefit of waiting? Buys us time. I am not walking into an interrogation room without knowing the answers I'm looking for. Here's a thought... let's get drunk. My best ideas always come after a second bourbon. [Chuckles] Sweetheart, the only thing that comes after your second bourbon is your third. I just want something to reboot post-Faisal. Something outside this f*cking fluorescent hell. I get it. I'll see what I can do. Where's Daniel? Is he, uh... Any signs of anxiety getting back in the field? Anxiety? What are you talking about? What are you... what are you? His shrink? [Knock on door] Ah. Hey. Here he is. Speak of the devil. Oh, yeah? Did you want to see me? I'll leave you guys to it. No, no, no, stick around, Hector. Frost is asking for a tap on Joker's company, A.S.P. That's, uh, network security, right? Yeah, I just filed a report on it. Yeah, he got a tip from the BFV on a Russian mole inside the company, but it's the first I've heard about it. Well, you know the Germans like to withhold intel until it serves their own interests. Along with fresh vegetables and decent f*cking Wi-Fi, but that's beside the point. So, you want me to tell them to f*ck off? No, I want you to do it. But I'm gonna bring Hector in to assist. Okay. Does it make sense for the assistant cultural attaché to be involved in a cyber op? Hey, who do you think helped the NSA bug Merkel's phone, hm? Great, so you two have worked together. This should be a walk in the park. Thank you, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. [Sighs] You all right? I don't need a babysitter, Hector. I never said you did. So, why did Robert bring you in? I just wanted a break from dealing with all that third-world sh1t. And you know, this is the first thing that came up. Hey, Chechnya was a war zone. This is just hacker crap. [Cellphone chimes] You're gonna be fine. [Engine starts] [Indistinct conversation] Who is this? Jim Beam or Johnnie Walker? Lana, meet Donald. That's my name. Let's make this fast. You get what I asked for? Juergen Hoffman... our Chief Technical Officer. He runs the entire network. So, this is our guy. What are you thinking? I'm thinking magic date. What the hell is a magic date? Hector : It's another day at the office, another deadline looming. Tension high, morale low. Everyone working around the clock. It's the perfect time for an after-work drink to rally the troops. [Laughter] Find a place where titles don't matter, where happy hour starts early and ends late. Buy a few rounds. Then get close enough to make this... a magic date. [Chuckles] [Exhales] Circles, roofies, Mexican Valium, call it what you want. The result is the same... total blackout. And that's where we come in. We need to strip him. Come on, give me a hand. Have you done this before? Not with a German. Feeling a little insecure, Kevin? Be gentle. He's my boss. ♪♪ Cover him up. What are you doing? Making sure the application's up and running. Hurry up and shut it down. Just shut it down. All good to go. Kevin. Get ready. Relax. ♪♪ Hey. Hey. Still here? Yeah. Watching some home movies. They're proving to be quite ordinary. [Chuckles] The Iosavas. I used to help Steven scrub surveillance footage back at Vienna. I found the truth always lies in the ordinary. You watch a person day in and day out, even if they don't mean to, they are giving you something. Tchus. Tchus. ♪♪ Valerie : What are you up to, Ruth? [Juergen groans] ♪♪ [Door opens] [Door closes] [Siren wails in distance] Everything okay? You did good today. Then why do I feel sick to my stomach? You won't admit, but you may actually like this. I like being blackmailed? You like the adrenaline. I think it's the same reason you embezzled. After this is over, I'd like you to leave me the f*ck alone. She'll come around. How about a pre-op drink before the sh1t show tomorrow? I can't. I have dinner plans. [Engine starts] Great, I'm starving. [Doorbell rings] ♪♪ Hey, Kelly, sorry for the surprise. I should have called. Yeah. Come in. It's awful out there. It's f*cking freezing is what it is. Um, I'll make myself scarce. Great. All right. Nice to see you, Kelly. Can I sit? What's so urgent? Uh... the conference with Tehran. Sandra says you're a no-show. I thought that's why you sent her to see me. It was. Got me. Busted. But would you really be okay if Jason Wolfe got the Deputy Director job? I have something... big, potentially big for you. Iran's Minister of Agriculture, Behruz Zohani, will be in attendance at the conference. He's in some political hot water back home. He could be looking to jump. Where's this coming from? Mossad. Oh, yeah, well, only they would try something like this on the eve of a major conference. No, no, no, they've made a couple of runs already. This guy's a moderate and can't be bought. If we offer a helping hand right now, Mossad is convinced we can recruit him. So, uh, the Israelis can't close the deal, and they want us to do their dirty work. You're missing the point, Steven. If you deliver an Iranian Minister, Jemma Moore's seat is yours for the taking. What's in it for you? My seat? I don't want your f*cking seat. No, I'm riding your coattails out of here. I... I want out of Berlin more than you do. I really appreciate you coming by, Robert, I do, but I'm not looking to rock the boat. If there were ever a time to rock the f*cking boat, Steven, it's right now. What? I don't get it. You complain about bureaucracy more than I do. This is your chance right now to make a difference. If they really wanted me, they'd call. I know. I don't get it. I'd... I'd say sleep on it, but you might sleep right through it. Think about it. Seriously. He's right. About what? All of it. You were listening. Were you? Look me in the eye and tell me you don't want to be Deputy Director. You don't want to be closer to our daughter. You don't want a fresh start with us. It's not about wanting. It's about getting. It's, uh... the politicking is... is brutal. And um, the competition. [Exhales] Good. I'll pick out your suit. Hector : One, two... three. [Thud] Oh, what happened? Oh, so the shaker went through the table, and the coin's still there. How did that happen? [Chuckles] Huh, what's going on? One shaker. Years of practice and chasing women. Patricia : [Chuckles] It's so nice to finally meet one of Danny's friends from the embassy. Yeah, you know, it's... it's funny. He, um... he never mentioned he had family in Berlin till tonight. He must be embarrassed by one of us. I'm pretty certain that would be me. Well, you're so shocked I haven't mentioned Patricia to you before? What? You think I'm trying to hit on your fun and attractive cousin here? [Chuckles] Excuse me. Hector, seriously? ♪♪ [Sighs] Steven Frost, U.S. State Department. Kelly Frost, plus one. Woman : May I take your coats? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. [Indistinct conversations] Hello. Kelly. Steven. I had no idea you two were coming. Well, last-minute decision. How can I say no when my Steven asks? Jeremy : Here you go. Oh, thank you, dear. Um, Jeremy, this is my boss, Steven, and his wife, Kelly. Jeremy Banks, GSO. Oh, gee, I thought I knew everybody in admin. [Chuckles] Uh, excuse me. A moment, please, will you? Thank you. [Door opens] I'm really glad you had a change of heart. You're very convincing. So, where are we at? Uh, well, the good news is Behruz is already checked in. The bad news is Jason Wolfe is indeed here. You've seen him? Yeah, he's out there kissing White House ass. Oh, gee, that doesn't sound like him. No. Uh, but listen... the important thing, obviously, is that he not catch wind of what we're up to with... Of course not. He'd immediately cut in line. Good. I-I'll go and establish contact. I need a card, please. ♪♪ Compliments from the management for Mr. Behruz Zohani. [Door closes] [Engine starts] ♪♪ 
 
 [Keys jingle] [Car beeps] [Laughs] It took everything I had not to burst out laughing. Jason Wolfe. Ah, Frosty the old man. How are you? How is it possible that your wife hasn't aged a day since Vienna? Yet you, Frosty, Jesus. How's Julia? Well, she tore out my heart and ran it over with a pickup... that I bought her. Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. Yeah, me too. Hors d'oeuvre? Oh. Berlin really is the cushiest assignment. Mm. You know, if it wasn't for Thomas Shaw, Headquarters would never know how little you guys work. Right. What brings you to town? There's a Deputy Director seat that needs filling and an NSC staffer close to the President to butter up... same as your husband. No, no, no, that's a young man's game, not mine. Then why bring this lovely creature here to run a charm offensive? Enh, enh, enh. Towelhead alert. Behruz Zohani. Iranian Agriculture Minister. You know him? Don't need to. All I need to know is that his best friend is a suitcase full of cash. Oh. I'm moving into position now. Johnson : Copy. Ready and waiting to receive. ♪♪ Eyes on you from my position. [Indistinct conversation] You hear me? All good. Okay, it's your show. Take it. Okay, this is Alpha checking in. I want eyes on the north and south exits. Copy, Alpha. See you on the other side. ♪♪ So, come on. Frost really sent us up here on a Russian mole hunt? I don't know. You'd have to ask Frost. It's fine if you don't want to tell me. You know, after last night, I wouldn't be surprised. What do you mean? Well, you keeping me in the dark about having a family in Berlin, you know? What's that all about? What? You think I should've set you two up? What do you want me to say, Hector? Just say the truth, Daniel. You don't trust me with them, do you? [Exhales] Johnson :  E.T.A. on the connection? Yeah, I'm working on it. I have a visual on the target. [Telephone rings] That reporter, Ingrid Hollander, is here. You're f*cking kidding me. Nope. Why? What's it to you? [Toilet flushes] [Water running] You don't need to do that. What? Put on an act. Oh. Don't tell me going out to an economic conference is your idea of a good time. [Chuckles] You were always too good for Steven. I'd beg to differ. You need someone who can keep up with you, not the dying captain of the old guard. Come on. Tell me you never thought about it. Admittedly, I have not. Bullshit. You asked about Jules, made sure she was out of the picture before you made your move. Mm, you certainly have my number, Jason. You know Steven can't keep his dick in his pants. He was banging Sandra in Vienna. I'd say the way he looks at her, he's still getting dim sum of that. You really think that's news to me? Then what's the problem here? I don't think you're worth the regime of penicillin. [Door closes] [Indistinct conversation] What? What is it? Jason Wolfe. Forget it. Steven. ♪♪ [Inhales] Shouldn't you be out there buttering up the White House? Thought I'd give you a fighting chance. Yeah. Make it a bourbon straight up, please. [Exhales] Come on, Frosty. What the f*ck else are you doing at this thing? Oh. Admittedly? Uh-huh. Behruz Zohani. The, uh, Minister of Agriculture, the towelhead. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I was here because I was supposed to oversee a recruitment mission until the whole... thing went south. What are you doing with the Iranians? You don't even speak Farsi. I don't... They tell me the guy's a moderate, he can't be bribed, and then out of the blue, he wants a suitcase full of f*cking cash. I told you. They're all corrupt. [Sighs] And he want... He wants to meet me. I got no authorization to pay him. Well, London Station has carte blanche on Iranian targets. You do? Uh-huh. We could use my money. Why would you want to do that? You write up a report that said I saved the day. [Chuckles] I'm a reasonable fellow, Frosty. [Laughs] Man, I don't know what to say. Say, "Thank you for the recruit." And I'll remember it when I move up to Deputy. Yes, sir. [Both laugh] I'm not receiving anything. [Keyboard clacking] ♪♪ It should be broadcasting. Yeah, well, clearly it's not. There must be a malfunction in Juergen's laptop. So, what do we do? Someone is gonna have to manually upload the malware. You mean enter the building? No, no, no, no, no. We abort. If we're gonna abort, now's the time. I don't care what Headquarters says. It's not worth it. That's... That's my call to make. Look, it's my fuck-up. I rigged the laptop. We need a decision. Yeah. Just give me a second. ♪♪ Can you get word to Joker? Copy. There's a roughpad with the malware on it in the duffel. Connect it to the server, then get the hell out. You really want to do this? I'm going in. End of discussion. Don't be a f*cking martyr. And if you get caught? See you on the other side. Headquarters confirmed it's a female bomber. Al-Qaeda, an equal-opportunity employer. 10 to 5:00, still no sign. Nothing yet. [Indistinct conversations] Okay, let's get you to the perimeter. Wait a second. [Children laughing] I need eyes at 11:00. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. You sure that's her? I need a visual. Go to the perimeter. Subject is opening her bag. Subject is opening her bag. Locked on target. Say the word, Alpha. Take the shot. Take the f*cking shot. [Gunshot] [Woman screams] [Shouting] Get out of there now! [Screaming] f*ck. [Screaming] ♪♪ You f*cking people. You know what I'm risking here? I need you to take me to the  Berliner Zeitung  servers now. [Exhales] Put this on. [Door closes] [Door closes] [Beep] [Beep] It's the second-last on the left. Go back to your desk. You've done more than enough. ♪♪ [Beep] [Beep] [Door closes, beep] [Cellphone rings] Ingrid :  Hallo? [Beep] ♪♪ Whatever you did worked. We're in. [Keyboard clacking] Then let's get the hell out of Dodge. What about Daniel? He'll be right behind us. [High-pitched ringing] _ [Muffled] I got you. [Speaking indistinctly] ♪♪ Listen to me, listen to me, listen to me. [Normal voice] There was no woman except the one who blew herself up. Al-Qaeda led us into the square. They set the whole thing up. That's my story. That's what goes in my report, okay? Okay. Okay. Brat'ya. _ You take care. [Engine starts] [Indistinct shouting] Okay, I'm out. Hector? Hector? Hector. Robert : Black or with cream? Black, please. He'll be here any moment. [Dishes clink] Here you go. [Door opens] Ah, here he is. Um, uh, Mr. Zohani, the man I've been telling you about... Steven Frost. Nice to meet you. Jason Wolfe. Pleasure. [Clears throat] Steven : So, we're here to discuss our shared interests in a safe and a discreet manner. Yes? Have a seat. [Clears throat] I've already spoken with your colleague. He knows about my troubles. That's right, and... I am authorized to offer you 10,000 Euro right now and another 10,000 after you begin delivering information that we're interested in. This isn't about money. No, there's no need to pretend. We're... we're all friends here. What's your price? I was told this was about working with you, not for you. Yes. Look, I'm not like Houjin Lin. Please, I apologize. I ap... I have made a terrible mistake in choosing my partner. Please, don't insult me further. I know you bought off Mr. Lin from selling nuclear secrets to Iran. Everyone has heard the rumors that he's under your protection. I thought I could look past this, but he... flaunting his money around, shows me that we will never be able work together. [Door opens] You devious piece of sh1t. [Door closes] .. to discredit me. You only did this If I were you, I would get out from under his thumb while you can. [Door opens] [Door closes] What the f*ck was that? We had a plan. Well, I think it succeeded. What about the Israelis? Well, I can... I can help them a lot more when I'm Deputy Director. [Door opens] [Piano playing softly] Manhattan, please. Is he the one? Jeremy? Ask me in a month. [Chuckles] It took me and Steven all of five minutes. That was 30 years ago. If it isn't over already between you two, it is now. ♪♪ Hey, it's Valerie Edwards. Can you tap into the Solara Travel Agency? Jesus, man. I thought you'd been... What? Made? Where's Johnson? He's gone. I-I sent him home. And the malware in A.S.P.? Up and running. We did it, man. Did we? We didn't do anything. I can't always save you, Daniel. Excuse me? Forget it. Please tell me this isn't about Chechnya. Christ, Hector. Just because you saved my ass 10 years ago, does not mean it's okay for me to fall on the f*cking sword for you. That's funny. You know, in all the years, I don't think you ever once thanked me. I didn't get a chance. You made me buy the lie on top of selling it to everybody else. Would you rather I told the truth in my report, sent you home a fuck-up, rather than a hero? You self-righteous asshole. Says the cattle. You nearly got blown up in Chechnya, and you almost got blown up today. It's only a matter of time before you get blown up again. [Knock on door] Reporter :  European leaders met today in Brussels to discuss the plans going forward without British participation... Golda, what are you doing here? Sorry for visiting so late. No, no, don't be silly. Come in. I heard about the conference. Oh, yeah. It didn't go very well. I'm sorry about Behruz. f*cking Steven Frost. It's okay, Robert. I brought you some soup. You made me soup. You look thin. But now let's talk about what else you can do for us. [Breathing heavily] It was amazing. You were amazing. The way you played that Jason Wolfe like the stupid fiddle that he is. Tell me what he did. Mnh-mnh. You tell me. Was that for me today or for the Deputy Directorship? Would it be the wrong answer to say they're one in the same? That's exactly the right answer. [Chuckles] I hope this is the expensive sh1t. Oh, I only save that for the important company. I followed Ruth Iosava today. And? She visited not just one but two travel agencies. [Scoffs] I can only imagine how desperate she is to get away from her husband. Well, think again. Been so busy watching him, haven't paid any attention to her. What's she doing? Flying in suicide bombers, package deal? Well, initially, that was my first thought. So, I had somebody check it out. There were three suspicious tickets purchased. Berlin to Istanbul, one-way, in cash. So, she's sending men out, not bringing them in. [Inhales sharply] Not me. Girls. Holy sh1t. Holy sh1t is right. There was one ticket that was just issued a few days ago to a Yasmin Bashir. Germany confirmed that she's already in Syria. And Facebook says that she's about to wed Zarqawi's friend. ISIL brides. And the other two? Haven't left yet. Well done. [Chuckles] Hello? [Cellphone ringing] [Beep] Kevin? Daniel :  I'm sorry I couldn't be there in person. There's an envelope on the table. Go ahead and open it. ♪♪ That's everything we have. Proof of the money you stole, bank statements, surveillance. What is this? Another threat? I'm done blackmailing you, Lana. Your debt's paid. It's up to you if you want to keep on working with me. [Line clicks] ♪♪ [Keyboard clacking] Say it. I'm from Headquarters. What took you so long? [Door closes] Drink? I'm good. [Sighs] I heard someone pulled Julian De Vos' file. Only a matter of time before you showed up. De Vos isn't dead. Who said he was? His file. I shot him, sure. But unless you got eyes on a body yourself, never count them for dead. Then who claimed that he was? Well, that'd be the Germans. Headquarters believes what it wants to believe. That's its fatal flaw. So you don't trust the Germans? I don't trust anyone. Who is Julian De Vos? A guilty man who thinks he's innocent. Guilty of what? You got the file. You just said the file was unreliable. I want to hear it from you. He rented three different cash-only flats to terrorist cells in Brussels. He's either a willing conspirator or a flat-out dumbshit. Belgians took him down, but not before some unemployed sex-starved fuckhead sent himself, two cops, and one of ours to paradise. That was eight... nine years ago. He was young. I was less old. So, De Vos was sent to a black site, escaped, and you were contracted to kill him. What the f*ck happened? People don't escape those things. [Liquor pouring] Someone let him out. You sure you don't want that drink? ♪♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 