Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x08 - False Negative - Berlin Station 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x08 - False Negative https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=720&t=30110 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/05/16 07:37 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x08 - False Negative 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Berlin Station"... 
 Have my husband on the line in exactly 60 minutes or Clare here dies. 
 Frost : We're at a loss here, Clay. 
 The only way to get her back is to swap for Iosava. 
 We can't trade what we don't have. 
 Hector, we need you. 
 There is no f*cking "we" anymore, Daniel. 
 Let me go after him. 
 If Hector's out there acting on his emotions, she's as good as dead. 
 Okay, all right, just tread lightly. 
 I need the file from December 7, 2010, code name "Antoinette." 
 A woman's life is on the line, you're asking me to steal you a f*cking file? 
 Hey. 
 Where's Ruth Iosava, Metin? 
 Okay. 
 [Metin screaming] 
 We had a deal, Steven. Now we don't! 
 Don't. I'm telling you... 
 Shut up! 
 There's a way out, but if you pull the trigger... 
 [Gunshots] 
 Let her go. 
 [Gunshot] 
 Daniel : Oh, f*ck! 
 [Gasping] 
 No. 
 I'm sorry. 
 No, no, no, no. 
 No. 
 Hector, you're better than this. 
 No, I'm not. 
 I'm the worst this fucked-up agency has to offer. 
 [Bones snap] 
 [Gasps] 
 I know the Americans renditioned Iosava. 
 Brace yourself for the consequences. 
 A new leak has named Steven Frost as chief of the CIA station in Berlin. 
 Hector : You and me joined at the hip again... 
 That's either fate or a cosmically bad idea. 
 With you, Hector, it's one and the same thing. 
 [David Bowie's "I'm Afraid of Americans" plays] 
 ♪ Johnny's in America, low techs at the wheel ♪ 
♪ I'm afraid of Americans ♪ 
♪ I'm afraid of the world ♪ 
♪ I'm afraid I can't help it ♪ 
♪ I'm afraid I can't ♪ 
♪ I'm afraid of Americans ♪ 
♪ I'm afraid of the world ♪ 
♪ I'm afraid I can't help it ♪ 
♪ I'm afraid I can't ♪ 
♪ I'm afraid of Americans ♪ 
 Woman : State your name for the record. 
 Hector Owen DeJean. 
 Do you know why you've been called in for questioning, Mr. DeJean? 
 "Called in?" 
 That's liberal. 
 Answer the question. 
 Op goes bad. Agency's first response is always to cover its ass. 
 Let's start from the beginning. 
 You showed up on an operation after being specifically told not to. 
 Correct. 
 What happened next? 
 You saw the tapes. 
 It went south fast. 
 We were made the moment Fawn walked in the door. 
 Which takes us to two nights ago. 
 Steven Frost instructed you to back down after, and I quote, "DeJean showed brash and unpredictable behavior, making him a liability to our negotiation." 
 Did you back down? 
 I did not. 
 You began an unsanctioned investigation into the whereabouts of Clare Itani a.k.a. Fawn. 
 Is that a question? 
 Did you have any assistance? 
 Yeah. Daniel Miller. 
 What was your plan? 
 There was no plan. 
 We did what needed to be done. 
 We loaded up with non-station weapons. 
 I performed an enhanced interrogation, and we were given Fawn's exact location... 
 [Siren wails in distance] 
 ...a warehouse in Wedding. 
 When you arrived at the warehouse, did you come into contact with Ruth Iosava? 
 Nope. She wasn't there. 
 The timing of your arrival coincides with the exact moment that the feed to the SCIF went dead. 
 I wasn't aware of that. 
 You didn't see Ruth Iosava flee? 
 No contact whatsoever? 
 My focus wasn't on Ruth Iosava. 
 Is it safe to say that your focus was on Clare Itani? 
 That would be safe to say. 
 What condition was Clare Itani in when you arrived? 
 She was dead. 
 Man :  Sir, Clay Williams will be calling momentarily. 
 [Ringing, beeping] 
 Clay : Robert, I'm looking at a station in utter disarray. 
 A shootout in the mall. 
 A dead NOC. 
 And to top it off, the Chief of Station is in the wind. 
 It's one thing to hide from the Germans, but hiding from the agency, that feels counterintuitive. 
 Frost is pissing off a lot of people that you don't want to piss off. 
 Now, I'm gonna give you the benefit of the doubt and assume that he has not contacted you. 
 No. He has not. 
 This isn't the time for divided loyalties. 
 You asked me a question, and I gave you an answer. 
 You have my word that I will do everything in my power to make sure Steven Frost makes his way safely back home. 
 What more can I say? 
 Last thing. 
 There are folks at my end who are questioning whether or not you can handle this. 
 Can you? 
 You tell those folks, without question, I can. 
 I've got this. 
 [Man speaking indistinctly over P.A.] 
 Danny! 
 [Both chuckle] 
 How was Munich? 
 [Sighs] My ex is a pompous ass, and his new girlfriend is barely out of her teens, but other than that, it was delightful. 
 Was Max okay? 
 Thrilled. 
 His dad knows how to turn on the charm. Never get married. 
 Marriage isn't your problem. It's your choice in men. 
 [Chuckles] Speaking of, I just ran into Hector a couple days ago. 
 We had a glass of wine. It was nice. 
 So, are you two seeing each other now? 
 I'm hoping he keeps me company in Max's absence. 
 Look, I'd prefer it if you stayed away from Hector. 
 You'd prefer it? 
 Okay I'll be honest. 
 Hector's gotten himself into some deep sh1t, the kind of sh1t you don't get out of. 
 What kind of sh1t? 
 I... 
 Specifically? 
 Why are you being so difficult? 
 I'm just trying to protect you. 
 I never asked for your protection. 
 Danny, I'm all grown up. And what you think is best for me, what I think is best... Those are two very different things. 
 Okay, well, whatever you think he's involved in, it's worse. 
 I appreciate your concern. But it's my choice. 
 Not yours. 
 And I like him. 
 So you like assholes. 
 Have you ever had psychological treatment? 
 It's all in my file. 
 "DeJean suffered PTSD from his time stationed in North Africa. 
 It manifested itself in anxiety attacks, insomnia, and delusions. 
 Followed by a subsequent leave of absence." 
 Can you describe the delusions? 
 It's f*cking textbook. 
 You... see something traumatic, it leads to nightmares. 
 Nightmares lead to insomnia. 
 When you don't sleep, you see all kinds of weird sh1t. 
 God bless Ambien. 
 Did the psychological treatment prove effective? 
 Sure. Yeah. 
 How? 
 Forced me to reevaluate. 
 Reevaluate what? 
 The Agency? 
 Myself. 
 [Telephones ringing, indistinct conversations] 
 Could I get everybody's attention, please? 
 Heads up. Over here. 
 Thank you. 
 I just, uh... 
 Look, this is a dark day in Berlin Station. 
 For the loss of our colleague Clare Itani. 
 Not only was she a great asset to this agency, she was also a dear friend to many of you here in this office. 
 I know this is also, a-a-a very confusing day for the absence of our Chief, Steven Frost. 
 I don't really know what to say about that. 
 I don't have much information at this point. 
 I-I hope to know more very soon. 
 But in the meantime, as your Chief for the foreseeable future, I want to assure you as I just assured Headquarters everything is under control, okay? 
 [Sighs] 
 [Door shuts] 
 [Knock on door] 
 Hey, uh, I have to go out for a minute. 
 So if you need me I'll be on my mobile. 
 Dare I ask where you're going? 
 I'm following up on a now-deceased NOC. 
 Right. 
 How's that, uh, all going for you, with Clare and everything? 
 As a professional courtesy, would you please just treat me the way you normally do? 
 Look, I know we have our differences, but, um, I don't want this new role as acting Chief to be a source of friction or resentment between us. 
 Are we done here? 
 Chief? 
 [Door shuts] 
 [Clattering] 
 [Sirens wail in distance] 
 [Clattering continues] 
 Jesus! 
 Jesus, Hector. 
 For f*ck's sake. 
 [Sighs] 
 Have you been here this whole time? 
 A while. 
 What are you doing? 
 [Sighs] 
 Packing up some of Clare's things. 
 Why? 
 'Cause I couldn't stomach the idea of the Agency cleaning crew coming in to do it. 
 That little sh1t used to hide all of her favorite things. 
 I know. 
 She loved you. 
 She never said it. 
 I did once. 
 Well, she told me. 
 If you're saying that to make me feel better, please don't. 
 It's the truth. 
 She would've f*cking hated this. 
 You and I, sitting here, talking about our feelings at her expense. 
 Well, I'd give anything to have her back so she could just flip us off. 
 Me f*cking too. 
 Woman : You drink alcohol? 
 Hector : I imbibe from time to time. 
 Would you consider yourself an alcoholic? 
 Absolutely not. 
 Some may say I have alcoholic tendencies. 
 Have those tendencies ever interfered with your job as a case officer? 
 No. 
 Open for interpretation. 
 [Doorbell rings] 
 Is that supposed to be a peace offering? 
 You said you liked Ulrich's rosé. 
 You know it wasn't my doing. 
 The mood is vindictive. 
 I told them this is a business of relationship, that I know Steven, and it wasn't his fault. 
 Then why did you ask them to lift his diplomatic immunity? 
 I did no such thing. 
 My protest fell on deaf ears. 
 I need to find him. 
 Me. 
 And when I do, I'll hand him over to the CIA. 
 But if someone else finds him, to be blunt, the BFV wants him to rot in a German prison. 
 If you can't tell me where he is... 
 I don't know where he is. 
 If you can't tell me, then at least get a message to him. 
 He has my number. 
 I don't know where he is, Hans. 
 So I'm gonna have to ask you to leave. 
 I'm sorry you feel that way. 
 Oh, and tell your utility workers they're not as secretive as they think they are. 
 [Sighs] Tell him to call me. 
 Frost :  You're a ship without a harbor, buddy. 
 You don't want to do this alone, Daniel, particularly now. 
 One more Shaw leak and... Daniel :  You're different than I was expecting. Esther :  Really? What were you expecting? To despise you. And instead? Frost :  Something about you just doesn't add up. Daniel :  I'm just doin' my job. Finding Thomas Shaw is not your job. It's your cause. Why? For 10 years, you're... You have a cushy analyst job. 10 years! Then one day when you wake up, you say, "Gee, you know, I-I think I'd like to go back in the field." Thanks for the file. Hector :  Testing, testing. One, two, three. [Shirley singing in German] Hector :  What, I have to ask if I want another round, huh? Does the Pope sh1t in the woods? Is the bear a Catholic? [Laughs] Perfect! Whoo-hoo! [Sirens wail in distance] Sandra, can I ask you a question? Peter Felder. Excuse me? The answer to your question. You want to know where Steven is. I don't know. But if there's anyone that does, it's Peter. Thank you. And, Daniel... don't make me regret confiding in you. Uh-huh. Steven, it's me again. It's Robert. What the f*ck, Steven? Where are you? I need you to call me back. You know, the Germans are breathing down my neck. Langley's up my ass. You know what? f*ck them. f*ck... f*ck all of them. We need to get you out of this Godforsaken country in one piece. [Dog barking] Quickly. Not bad for a shoemaker. Everyone in Berlin was either on the right or the wrong side of history. Voilà. [Sighs] Why are you here? [Door shuts] We need to finish what we started. [Chuckles] Hey, I'm hiding in a glorified closet. I have nowhere to go. I have very few options at my disposal. You want help? I suggest you look elsewhere. What I want is someone without ties to the CIA, someone with nothing left to lose. Well...? I think Hector is Thomas Shaw. You realize what you're accusing your friend of? Think about it. What do we know? Thomas Shaw has a conduit, Julian De Vos. De Vos was held at a CIA black site in Morocco for years, tortured for information, until someone on the ground helped him escape. You think Hector helped him escape? During the time De Vos was in Morocco, Hector's file is completely redacted. I was told he was coming down from North Africa. Which gives Hector a convenient overlap with Julian. There are dozens of people that have access to any given black site. It could be coincidence. It's not. I think Hector helped De Vos escape the black site, and in return, De Vos is happy to do his bidding, whether it's handing off a flash drive to Claudia Gartner or killing her. Hypothetically... we link them. Okay, fine. Why would he leak secrets? Case officers spend a couple years at a black site, it changes them. Some retire. Others commit suicide. You've known him longer than anyone. Is he that different than the man who was in Chechnya? Yeah. He is. Well, there's only one thing left to do. Prove it. Have any ideas where to start? [Both panting] Esther : I've been meaning to extend my sympathies. Oh, yeah? Losing Frost must have been a terrible blow to the Station. Thanks for your concern. But if you're asking me where he is... the answer is I don't know. That would have been a nice bonus, but I already came once today. [Grunts] May I ask you a question? Mm-hmm. Why are you sleeping with me? Isn't it obvious? [Scoffs] There are plenty of other women you could have s*x with, all far less damning than I could be. We're not all as calculating and manipulative as you are, Ms. Krug. Mr. Miller, you don't know anything about me. Well, I do know that every time I see you, you're wearing a mask. A tough, sophisticated facade. What's behind the mask? Vulnerability? A vulnerability I'd like to see. I wish you luck. Why are you sleeping with me? I'm working you, remember? Well, you  were. But now I think you might actually like me. Mr. Miller, I'll lower my mask when you lower yours. [Door opens, shuts] 
 
 [Grunts] [Breathing heavily] [Water splashes] You know, I would've taken you for a Turkish bath kind of guy. Too much steam. Can't see who's coming at you. This part of the attraction? So, are you turning yourself in? Well, I'm not really dressed for it. No. I have a proposition. One that involves turning yourself in? I'm gonna give you somebody you want more than me. Thomas Shaw. Shaw isn't a German priority. Oh, come on. Don't play coy. If you're right and we took Iosava, then Langley let innocent people die. And they betrayed and humiliated both of us. Hell, I'm gift-wrapping for you the chance to do what Americans could not. And then you dangle Shaw over their f*cking heads until they beg for forgiveness. You have him? We'll know for sure in a few hours. And if we're right, he's yours. The Germans take credit for the arrest. In return, I walk out of Germany a free man. Deal? Woman : Let's go back to your time in North Africa. You were stationed in Morocco. Hector : That's classified. I'm read into it. What does North Africa have to do with Iosava? You acted out of turn, Mr. DeJean. I'm to determine if your experiences, both past and recent, have left you unfit to stay in the field. We wouldn't be having this conversation if she was still alive. If Ruth Iosava was still alive? If Clare Itani was still alive. Earlier today, you said that you performed enhanced interrogation methods to find Clare Itani's location. I'm assuming that you were taught those methods in Morocco... Waterboarding, sleep deprivation, walling, rectal rehydration. Did you ever participate in those interrogation methods? Now,  that,  lady, I know you're not read into. [Sighs] Honey, ain't it a little early? Don't lecture me. [Glass slams] The f*ck is your problem? Currently, you are. Don't make me take things into my own hands. I don't need a f*cking babysitter. Oh, yes, you do. I'll be here waiting. Waiting for what? To pick up the pieces. So, Mr. Chief of Station... Will you stop calling me that, please? It's acting Chief. It's just an interim title until Headquarters finds a replacement. Or until the position becomes permanent. I don't want the position. I already told you that. It's a career-defining opportunity. Tell Tel Aviv I want out of Berlin. Nothing you or they say will make me change my mind. How's Steven? You know he's taking the fall for Iosava's rendition. There's a warrant out for his arrest. Everything's a total clusterfuck. How do you think he is? Why? Do you know something? Does Mossad know where he is? We do not. He should've come to me, you know? He should've come to me directly. I'd have had him on a military flight out of here in f*cking 20 minutes. So f*cking stupid. Tel Aviv is more concerned with Antoinette than they are with Frost. Were you able to get the file? You know, I actually tried. I went through every file in the goddamn file room. I risked my neck for you for nothing. And if I didn't already make myself abundantly clear, it was a bullshit ask by Tel Aviv in the first place, especially while one of my officer's lives was at stake. What is this Antoinette anyway? Why is it so important to you? Find it, and you will see for yourself. I'm out of here. I got to go. [Grunts] If Mossad should get wind of Steven's whereabouts, even if it's just a hunch, you contact me, please. He may not be your priority, but he sure as hell is mine. I need to find him. [Man yelling in German, distorted] [Waves crashing] [Seagulls crying] [Loud heartbeats] Daniel : Hector! [Car horn honks] Hey! Hey! What's going on? W-Whatcha doing here? I was worried about you. Just headed down to Barbara Ellis to see if you were there. Are you okay? I'm f*cked. [Chuckling] I see that. You reek of whiskey, man. Look, I hate you got dragged into this. I'm, uh... I'm sorry I brought you along. Don't worry about it. Well, I am f*cking worried. I'm sorry, Daniel. I'm sorry you had to lie for m... Hey! [Grunting] Hey! [Tires screech] You've got to be f*cking kidding me. Woman : I'm here on behalf of the Agency to conduct a polygraph examination. Well, you could have called. Maybe knocked on our door. Mr. Miller, you're going to be escorted down the hall to the other interrogation room. And, Mr. DeJean, if you could please have a seat right here. And if we don't comply? You'll be on the next flight home. We're already on the next flight home, lady. You can thank the Agency for giving you this opportunity to explain yourselves. God bless f*cking America. Sit. [Pops lips] Okay, that's it. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it. Where'd you find her? Oh, she's an old colleague of mine, since retired. Owed me a favor. You trust her? Yes. Think he bought it? [Sighs] I don't know. How'd it go with Hans? Oh, he's interested. Agreed to take the bounty off my head as soon as we hand over Thomas Shaw. Okay. You're sure about this? Yeah. I trust Hans will do the right thing. You sure about  this? Well, I considered the idea of protecting him, but... I couldn't live with myself. Let's just get this over with. Woman :  State your name for the record. Hector Owen DeJean. Do you know why you've been called in for questioning, Mr. DeJean? "Called in?" That's liberal. Answer the question. Op goes bad. Agency's first response is always to cover its ass. Hey. Is now a bad time? No, not at all. Come on in. [Door shuts] [Sighs] What's going on? I know you already have enough on your plate, and... I haven't been able to sleep, with everything that's been going on. [Sighs] Long story short, I came in early to organize the file room. And it turns out there's one missing... Operation Antoinette. With Langley poking their noses in our affairs, I know it could've easily been misplaced. I just wanted you to be aware. Did you come into contact with a man named Julian De Vos when you were stationed in North Africa? No. Look again. No. Does this jog your memory? If you'll excuse me for a moment. [Door opens] Woman: It's not working. Textbook avoidance techniques... Slowing down his heart rate, lying during insignificant moments to make his results more consistent. We're all trained to beat the poly. We all slip up eventually. We could force it. Scopolamine. He has a tolerance to most substances. This drug drug weakens the central nervous system, making it harder to lie. Even if it works, it's not the most ethical or safest of options. Do it. [Stammers] Take a second to consider the ramifications if you're wrong. I'm not wrong. Do it. When am I coming home? Well, tentatively next month, but I, uh... You know, I booked a refundable ticket in case I have to switch the dates around. [Sighs] So you're not coming? No. No. I didn't say that. I  am  coming home. I just... I have a thing at work. It's taking longer than I anticipated. That... That... That's it. No big deal. There's always something at work. Hey, listen, buddy. If I could get on a plane and comes home tonight, believe me, I would. Yeah. Whatever. Don't... Don't do that. Don't "Hey, whatever" me. I'm doing the best I can here. Look, I'm coming home, Noah, either next month or the month after that, okay? For sure. You're full of sh1t. Hey, language! f*ck. Noah? Noah, come back please. Noah, come back here. [Door shuts] Hector : You Agency suits are relentless. Do I have your permission? Oh, f*ck you, lady. You're gonna stick that thing in my arm no matter what I say. [Groans] [Liquid squirting] [Sighs] [Gasps, distorted] [Hector breathing heavily] Woman :  Let's try this again. Mr. DeJean. Mr. DeJean, I need you to focus on my face. How do you feel, Mr. DeJean? I feel f*cking great. You got more of this stuff? Huh? I haven't felt this f*cking high in a long time. Too long. Do you know why you're here? Mm. Woman : Why are you here? I'm sorry. Because of Clare. ♪♪ [Chuckles] Hey, babe. Hey. Mm. Surprise, surprise. Is now an okay time? Sure. Can I get a neat Vodka martini for the lady? What's up? What if I told you that our meeting wasn't fate? That night that I walked into your bar in Battersea, it wasn't by chance. I was on assignment. I was working a potential terror plot. [Laughing] What? That Algerian investor in your pub, Ahmed? He was a suspect. Ahmed? The optometrist? Hold... Wait, wait, wait a sec. Just back up a minute. I was a way in? Val, this whole thing was a-a front, a way to gain access? Yes, at first. But then I fell in love with you. Before or after you first  said  you loved me? That's not fair, Benjamin. This is really hard on me, too. Really? Seems you've managed it pretty fine these past five years. I closed the books after six months, and I wrote a report saying the Algerian was clean, because I just wanted it to be over. I just wanted to be with you, without lying to you. What, and then we just live happily ever after? Would you please let me finish? I closed those books too soon. He  was  funneling money to the Kouachi brothers. They went in, and they shot up  Charlie Hebdo. And 12 people were killed because I... All right. No, I asked you if you were hiding anything, remember? After Shaw hit Berlin. I know. But I'm not now. I promise you... I need to clear my head. I think it'd be better if you found someplace else to sleep tonight. I'm on my way now. 15 minutes. Okay. Esther Krug. Sandra Abe. Everything passes by you, doesn't it? If it's Steven that you want, you're wasting your time. You're on German soil, and you're harboring a fugitive from justice. Steven Frost has nothing to do with the rendition of Aleksandre Iosava. He hired Zoltan Vasile. And I have no idea who that is. And certainly don't know where Steven is. So, Ms. Krug, if you don't mind, I have a date. And I have diplomatic status. You know what that means. [Car door shuts] Woman : When you arrived at the warehouse in Wedding, was Clare Itani still alive? Mr. DeJean, answer the question. Yes. Did you see her die? Yes. Did you come into contact with Ruth Iosava after Clare Itani's death? Yes. Is Ruth Iosava still alive? No. Was she murdered? Yes. Did you kill her? Yes. How? I broke her neck. That a threat? No. On the contrary. Valerie : Because it's completely ethical for you to dig up any of your co-workers' dirty laundry the moment you get any semblance of power. You have no idea how that file came into my possession. You went looking for it, 'cause you want to keep me in line, make sure I keep doing your bidding. But you are sh1t out of luck, pal. You want to believe I'm a bad guy? Your f*cking enemy? That's fine. No, you know what? It's not fine, 'cause it's not the truth. It's not reality. The reality of what's happening right here between you and me with that is that I'm doing you a f*cking solid. This station is a disaster. I'm doing everything I can to hold it together. I'm doing everything in my power to make sure that there are no more casualties. One more fuck-up, Langley's in here cleaning house. So, going forward, this can go one of two ways. One, you get over yourself, and you help me. Or two, you don't. Either way, I'm gonna do my job. I'm going to continue to do what's in the best interest of this Station, of the entire God-damned Agency, and, yeah, believe it or not, Valerie, even of you. Are you done? Yeah, I'm done. Good. Now, if you would kindly get the f*ck out of my office, I would appreciate it. [Water running] [Cellphone chimes] [Cellphone chimes] ♪ Luege ♪ Do you know who this is? ♪ Luege, Luege ♪ Mr. DeJean, do you know who this is? There's two of you. And two of me. And there's two of her... and two of him. To clarify, you're saying that you know both Julian De Vos and Shirley Pimple? You can never know anyone. That's the f*cking truth. Because the person you present to the world, the person everyone sees... that guy is always bullshit. Are there two sides of you? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Which one I am speaking to? Oh, the one fit for public consumption. Patricia? Woman : Let's go back to your time in Morocco. Morocco. What happened there? I went down the rabbit hole... into the darkness. Describe the darkness. Of course, the irony is it isn't dark at all. It's the exact f*cking opposite. It's hot and muggy, and it reeks of vomit and sweat and piss and sh1t. Fear. And it's bright. [Sighs] It's blindingly bright. You see, it needs to be. You need to be able to see what you're doing when you're killing people slowly. What did you do to Julian De Vos? Julian was the rabbit. Did you bring him out of the darkness? Did you help him escape? No. No, he helped me. Are you angry at the CIA for forcing you to interrogate Julian De Vos? No. No, they can't do anything to me anymore. Do you think that the Agency deserves to face the consequences? What consequences? No one knows what they've done. Thomas Shaw knows. Did Thomas Shaw know that Colander was an agent? Yes. Did  you  know that Houjin Lin was being housed in Berlin? Yes. Mr. DeJean,  are you Thomas Shaw? No. Thomas Shaw is dead. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 