Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 06x07 - Week 7 (Season 6) - The Bachelorette 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 06x07 - Week 7 (Season 6) https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=292&t=18284 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 07/08/10 16:50 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 06x07 - Week 7 (Season 6) 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 I really love Lisbon. 
 It's warm and beautiful. 
 It's the perfect place for romance. 
 This is a really good day. 
 People say that when you' in love... 
 Aah! 
 Everything is more beautiful. 
 Chris L. : some fairy tales you don't believe, and then they happen. 
 Kirk : when I look into her eyes, I-can see a future. 
 I really can. 
 Frank : she understands me. 
 She cares about me. 
 I'm... I'm following my heart. 
 Ty : I definitely feel like I have one of the strongest connections with Ali. 
 Ali : I only have five guys left, and this determines whose families I meet. 
 So you hanging in there with all this? 
 Ali : I'm trying to just enjoy the date with kirk today, but I feel like I'm not completely all here right now. 
 I just think I have a lot on my. 
 I think I'm worrying this week, and the guys are seeing that. 
 What's going through your head right now? 
 Frank : there was a very clear change in the mood. 
 (thunderclap) 
 Ali : I'm realizing how serious this is getting. 
 Kirk : tonight is the most important night of my life. 
 Roberto : I'm having strong feelings for Ali. 
 Frank : I am positive I'm falling in love with Ali. 
 Ty : at this point, who knows what she's going to do? 
 Ali : I have to make a difficult decision tonight. 
 I don't know how it's gonna turn out. 
 Guys, come on over. 
 Hello! 
 Good to see you again. 
 Come on in. What's up? 
 How's it's going? 
 Chris L. : how's it going, man? 
 You've all traveled far to find love with Ali. 
 You are the five men that Ali sees a future with. 
 And now, gentlemen, welcome to the beautiful city Of Lisbon, Portugal. 
 Whoo! 
 Yeah. 
 And, gentlemen, this week is big. There's a lot on the line. 
 The four of you who receive roses will get the opportunity To take Ali back to your hometowns To meet your family and friends... 
 A major step in any relationship. 
 It's a big week, you know, for the five of us. 
 And bringing Ali home to meet My Dad, my brothers and my sisters-in-law... 
 You know, that's a big step, and I hope it happens. 
 So let me tell you what's going on this week. 
 Because there's so much on the line, There won't just be three dates. 
 There will be four dates. 
 And there's no roses on any of these dates. 
 So nobody's going home on the dates this week. 
 I thought you'd be happy to hear that. 
 Yeah! 
 All right, go get settled into your hotel. 
 Your first date card will be waiting there. 
 And, gentlemen, I will see you all 
 At the next rose ceremony. 
 Guys, enjoy Lisbon. 
 Thanks, Chris. 
 Ty : thanks, Chris. 
 ♪ 
 (bell tolls) 
 Ty : oh, my God. 
 Whoo! 
 Frank : wow. 
 Kirk : look at that view! 
 Frank : love this, baby. 
 Love this. 
 Kirk : Holy cow! 
 Wow. 
 Water view, mountains. 
 Chris L. : oh, my God. 
 Kirk : can you see the ocean? 
 Chris L. : yeah. Oh, man. 
 We went right by. 
 Right here. 
 Frank : I wasn't thinking it'd be right there. 
 Man : oh, baby. 
 Right here. 
 Wow. Let's go, Ty brown. 
 All right. 
 So? 
 Roberto! 
 Yeah! 
 Yeah, man! 
 (laughs) 
 "come be the king of my castle." 
 Frank : oh, you lucky dope! 
 Ah! 
 Everybody knows that Roberto's a good guy. 
 But that's not what it's about. 
 It's about who is Ali gonna see herself marrying and who's she gonna be the best compatible with. 
 I feel like... 
 I am more compatible with Ali than Roberto. 
 (Ty speaks indistinctly) 
 "come be the king of my castle." 
 I would like to, uh, be on that one-on-one today, and I would rather be Ali's king more than Roberto. 
 I wanna be king of the castle. 
 What if she just throws you, like, in the dungeon... 
 (laughs) then leaves? 
 Then says, "come find me." 
 I mean, kings don't spend time in the dungeon. 
 That's true. Damn it. 
 (Roberto laughs) 
 "The card says, Come be the king of my castle." 
 That's cute and romantic. 
 I-I want the one-on-one date. 
 You know, we're getting down to that time Where every moment is crucial. 
 It's gonna be fun. 
 ♪ 
 Chris L. : Lisbon looks cool. 
 I'm gonna go walk around. Wow. 
 (speaks Portuguese) hello! 
 Look at yo bem-vindo a Portugal. 
 Hi. 
 Hi. Boys. 
 Welcome to Portugal. 
 Today's really important. 
 (laughs) hi. 
 The hometown dates is at stake. 
 If I don't get a rose at the next rose ceremony, Today could be the last day I spend with Ali. 
 Are you ready? 
 Ali : yeah, let's go. 
 I've gotta make sure that I take advantage of this time I have with her to make sure She understands that I'm here for her and that I do want the hometown date. 
 (bell clangs) 
 Ali : I am so glad to be here, and I'm glad to be here with you. 
 Thank you for hang me here. 
 Ali : I'm really glad I get to start my week off with Roberto. 
 But I'm nervous. 
 You know, we have this great passionate chemistry Between the two of us. 
 But one thing I'm really needing from him today is that fun aspect where I just feel comfortable, Like, and I can laugh and be silly. 
 (Ali laughs) 
 Roberto : run! 
 (camera shutter clicks) 
 Do a jumping kick. 
 Oh, I got it! (laughs) you got it? Sweet! 
 I want you to do a jump. 
 Okay. One, two, three. 
 (camera shutter clicks) 
 I got you just as you were leaving. 
 (laughs) do it again. 
 We can do it. 
 All right. Go for it. 
 I got you when you were going down. 
 Ugh! 
 I'm gonna make you jump, like, 15 times. 
 Okay, come on. You can do this. 
 You can do this, Roberto! 
 One more. One more. 
 Okay. One, two, three. 
 Worst photographer ever. 
 (laughs) let's go. 
 I don't think that they're allowed to talk to us. 
 Can I whisper something to you(laughs) 
 (camera shutter clicks) 
 (both laugh) 
 That's a cool picture. 
 Very nice, although I'm jealous. 
 If Roberto and I were together, This would be what it would be like. 
 So I like that he's just having fun... 
 Aah! 
 And he's not afraid to be goofy and silly like me. 
 Mm! 
 ♪ 
 I love this. 
 I hear music. 
 (laughs) 
 When I hear music, I'm sorry, I can't help but dance. 
 You're so cute. 
 Can you hear that? 
 ♪ 
 He is such a romantic, and it's so... it's so sexy and... 
 And it... and it makes me feel Like this is a bit of a fairy tale. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 ♪ 
 And at first, I thought, life isn't a fairy tale, Ali. 
 That's what I keep telling myself. 
 And I'm finally realizing that Life may not be a fairy tale, but love can be. 
 And if I can have that forever, Then I think have a great life. 
 Moments like this, I just, like, I like just closing eyes and just, like, taking it all in. 
 Absolutely. 
 As long as I'm around, there'll be a lot of moments like this. 
 I promise you. 
 ♪ 
 Ooh! 
 (squeals and laughs) 
 Roberto : I don't know if I've ever been on a train before. 
 I love this, because this is just like San Francisco. 
 With the hills and everything? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 I love being here. 
 I real love being here. 
 (bell clangs) 
 Are you gonna be my tour guide? 
 Yes. 
 So this is the part of town that... 
 You have to kiss on. 
 (laughs) 
 I like that part of town. 
 Les uh, u-turn. Let's do that... let's do that over. 
 (kisses) 
 (laughs) 
 (bell clangs) 
 (bell clangs) 
 I think we owe it to Ali this week To really put our cards on the table and let her know how we feel about her. 
 You know, she's going to meet four of our families next week. 
 (knock on door) here we go. 
 Door. 
 I'll get that, gentlemen. 
 Kirk : who's at the door? 
 That drink is not gonna... date card, gentlemen. 
 I don't know why. 
 Kirk : did you read it already? 
 No. And it is a two-on-one. 
 And Ali will be accompanied by Frank... 
 And Ty. 
 "let's find our future in the past. Ali." 
 Interesting. Wow. 
 (chuckles) yeah, Frank and Ty. 
 A little group date action. 
 Kirk : good times. 
 Chris L. : wow. Two-on-one. 
 Frank : the good thing about the two-on-one date this week is nobody's going home at the end of it. 
 But nobody wants to go on a two-on-one date. 
 That's the hardest date to go on I actually feel like Ty and Ali have a great connection. 
 If anything, I do consider Ty to be my biggest competition. 
 The two-on-one date absolutely sucks. 
 I dot care how you cut it. 
 Oh, yeah. 
 Our time is so precious with her. 
 It's likeee I don't want to walk around with... with Ty. 
 Yeah. 
 I wanna walk around with a girlfriend, you know? 
 Oh, yeah. 
 ♪ 
 Wow. This is really cool. 
 It's amazing. 
 So this is my castle. 
 I gotta make sure you don't fall. 
 (laughs) 
 Oh. 
 Oh. 
 Not a bad view. (chuckles) 
 Not bad at all. 
 See this? 
 Roberto : I'm having strong feelings for Ali, and I really want to share that with my family now. 
 (pours wine) 
 Her going to my hometown is extremely important. 
 Cheers to our day. 
 Cheers to our good day. 
 Link) 
 I can't stop kissing you. 
 (chuckles) 
 There you go. 
 Thank you very much. 
 It's probably the only thing I'll ever make... (laugh When it comes to food. 
 (laughs) 
 It's good, though. Mmm. 
 Crap. I'm gonna have to learn how to cook. 
 What kind of meals does your mom make? 
 All that Spanish stuff, but I don't know what it's called. 
 If we go to your hometown... 
 Yeah? 
 Are you nervous? 
 I'm not really nervous. 
 Is that weird? 
 Mnh-mnh. 
 I'm excited. 
 That's good. 
 I'm excited. I'm not nervous at all 'cause I'm... 
 I'm really excited about this, and I want them to see it. 
 Mmm. 
 And I WA... I know that... 
 I know my family. 
 Like, I know they'll be happy. 
 And, um, I want you . 
 Like, I want... To, like... 
 You're a mystery to me, a little bit right now. (laughs) 
 No, I don't wanna... 
 I really don't wanna be. 
 I don't want to be that way. 
 A little bit. 
 I feel like... 
 I don't know. 
 (chuckles) 
 I el like you... 
 I-I don't... I'm not... like, I-I need to figure you out. 
 Okay. 
 What is... you're not really that nice. (laughs) I mean... 
 No, nobody's like... nobody's... but I think you just are, and I-I think I... 
 I almost don't get it. 
 I'm not used to that... just as good as you. 
 Here's the thing. 
 I try and keep things simple. 
 I always just wanna have fun and make sure you know, like, I appreciate the little things. 
 Like, I always tell you thank you" 
 For every, like, little, like, little kiss you give me there, 'cause I-I appreciate that stuff. 
 What are you thinking? 
 (lowered voice) nothing. 
 (chuckles) okay. Fair... 
 (laughs) 
 Fair enough. 
 Fair enough. 
 I don't... I-I'm... 
 You amaze me. 
 I don't... I... (chuckles) 
 I appreciate it. 
 I don't... 
 I feel lucky. 
 I feel lucky that you... when you say things like that. 
 'cause you're beautiful and you're smart and you're just... 
 I've never dated or been with a woman like you, like, ever. 
 I'm a lucky guy. 
 Ali : there's no d That I could fall in love with Roberto. 
 You know, I thought Roberto was too good to be true, but I feel like he really is just that good. 
 (whispers) you're awesome. 
 You know that? 
 I'm realizing that Roberto could really be the one for me. 
 ♪ 
 Coming up... 
 Tension. 
 I'm sorry. 
 I'm just in a weird place. 
 Seriously? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Ali : this is hard... harder than I thought it was gonna be. 
 Frank : there was a very clear change in the mood. 
 Ali : I don't know how I'm gonna make it through this night. 
 So you hanging in there through all this? 
 Ali : But I don't really knowjoy the date what's wrong.Ay,  I just think I have a lot on my mind. 
 And later... I didn't tell everybody you cheated on me. The boy you were hanging out with Told everybody you were cheating. You are the biggest fake liar I've ever met in my entire life. It's the breakup everyone is talking about. She's like a tabloid. You're getting about 40% of the truth. (voice breaking) oh, with you, you get none. Stop interrupting me! Good lord. I'm done with this. You are the vainest person I've ever met in my life. When the bachelorette" continues. Today, I have a two-on-one date with Ty and Frank. And I'm excited about this date. Even though it's a two-on-one, no one has to go home. But it's still very important because hometowns are next week, and, you know, the pressure's on. How are you? (chuckles) how are you? Good. (giggles) good. Good to see you. You, too. Hi! Hello! How are you? Good. Are we ready? Absolutely. Ty : let's do it. I'm glad that I get to treat the guys today and take them On a helicopter and explore a little bit of Portugal. We are gonna sort of travel back in time together. ♪ (filtered voice) I mean, wow. (laughs) Frank : I got a two-on-one De. I'm gonna make the best of it. But, uh, it's so hard, you know. There's so many things I wanna say to her I wanna hold her. I wanna kiss her. Ty's there. I can't do it. It was a real reminder that three's a crowd. (filtered voice) aah! We're close. Ty : nobody wants to go on the two-on-one. You know, after you have a one-on-one, it's, like, It really pisses you off to have to share, you know? But you know what? You gotta make the best out of it. So I'm still gonna take the time that I have with Ali No matter if Frank's sitting there. Yeah, it will be weird. (Frank, filtered voice) wow. The real thing. That's the real deal. (Ali laughs) (Ty laughs) are we going there? (singsongy) we're going there! She's got a big ol' smile on her face. (laughs) Welcome to Óbidos. This place was actually a gift From a king to his queen... queen Isabella. So he set the bar high for all of you guys. (laughs) (laughs) he set the bar very high. (laughs) oh, my God. Just one more. (groans) Yeah, Frank and I have some help over here. We got the ropes to go up. Yeah, we're insisting on holding the rope. Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa. Look... look... look at the deer. What? What? Oh, the deer. Ali : where? See it? (whispers) oh, my God. See? Look at him. Wow. That's so cool. (Ali, normal voice) where we are is gorgeous, and this is all the elements of a romantic date. But this is hard, harder than I thought it was gonna be. You know, it's just very difficult to be on a date With the guys. It's sort of awkward and... and stressful and tiring Because I'm so fused on the fact That hometowns are around the corner, and, you know, I just can't really shake that pressure today. I just... I don't know how I'm gonna make it through this night. Hi. I'm sorry. That I'm just in a weird place. I'm fine. Seriously? Mm-hmm. You guys are fine. Uh, it's j... it's me. T's me. Do you want to open the wine? (chuckles) (laughs) wow. Yes, please. (laughs) please. I have a whole bunch of questions That I want to ask the guys, but I can't ask them When the two of them are both sitting with me. I just want time with both of them. This is wonderful. (laughing) Having an intimate dinner, the three of us. Um, this is fantastic. Frank : it sucks. To me, the point of an intimate dinner is being able To have a lovely night with a girl that I am interested in, Not with some dude that is also interested In the same girl that I'm interested in. The only better situation we could have been in... If you weren't he, but it's still been unbelievable. Yeah. Well, as good as this dinner is, I think it's time That I pull you, Ty. All right. (laughs) why don't we go have a chat? I'm gonna drink the rest of the wine, Ty, if you don't mind. Stay away from those plates. Bye. See you. Are you strugglin' rely hard With the decision you gotta make? Mm-hmm. Ali : finally, I get to spend time with one guy. I have a connection with Ty, but I have a lot of questions for him. On our last one-on-one, I talked to Ty a lot about his divorce, and he grew up with very traditional gender roles, and I'm just wondering How that maybe played a part in his divorce. I hope that you had enough time with, you know, with me, I hope you have, to understand why I'm here and to know enough about me To want to meet my family. I-I really do. I mean, you would... you would love 'em to death. You would. And they would love you. Would your mom think that... what would she think about me? What would she think about you? Yeah, because I think I'm gonna be more of a worker, you know, and, I mean, how would she handle that, Especially because she knows what happened In your past marriage... Right. And how that... What happened there? They know if I'm happy, They're gonna be satisfied. They're gonna have to go on through gut on me... Mm-hmm. And how I feel about you and how I'm acting around you and how I feel around you, and that's what they're gonna have to go on. I am all for someone furthering their career, Doing what they want to do I want somebody to want something. I want to ease your mind. I think it's awesome that you have ambitions and goals. I'm all about you doing what you want to do and being who you are. It tickles me to death to know that you have a plan, That you know what you want. That is very appealing, to see you like that. It tickles" you? It tickles me. (laughs) It does. Right now I feel ten times better than I did, Because today has been stressful. Honestly, for the first time since we've talked about family, I feel like She really understood what I was talking about. I just hope that she found out what she needed to find out To meet my family, and I hope that that's the case. (knock on door) Kirk : Roberto. Got the date card. Oh, no. (laughs) anxious faces. All right. The date for tomorrow... Is for kirk. Yes. Your date card clue... "once upon a time. Ali." That's, like, that's a, uh... "once upon a time"? That's not even, like, a complete sentence. It's a... definitely the start it's a fairy-tale thing. She wants, like, a fairy-tale romance, love, etcetera. Chris L. : the date tomorrow is once upon a time," And it goes to kirk. He's not the right guy. I'll take my date the day of the rose ceremony. My smiling face and funny demeanor Will be, uh, on her mind the day of the rose ceremony, So that's just as good. "once upon a time." It's a fairy tale. Come on, Cinderella. We need to get you ready for the ball. (kirk scoffs) ♪ Frank : I'm a little nervous. I feel good about what Ali and I have, but without having anything to really compare it to, I'm still nervous. We got a bunch of other guys here That are in the way of Ali and I being together, So I feel like there's a lot more we need to share. Family is... Something that... I hate to say it... I'm just gonna say it as I think it, but, like, I almost take it for granted... that's how close we are. They trust me 100%. Mm-hmm. And... If I like somebody, they're gonna like somebody. So, like, when you come to my house... And you better come to my house... (laughs) Um... You're gonna have fun and you're gonna feel like you're part of the family. Frank : I'm ready to go home with Ali. I'm ready to see her in Chicago. There's one thing I need to tell Ali tonight, and that is I live at home with my parents. I'm hoping she doesn't have a problem with it, Because if she does, that would be bad for us. One thing that, you know, you need to know... Interestingly... Um, something that has brought my family even closer together... Well, you know, I... Quit my job, Went to Europe. I was in Europe for a while, came back, No job, I gave up my condo in the city, So I moved back home, and that's where I am now. Mm-hmm. So that's something I haven't shared with you yet, but, like, that's kind of a function of, First of all, like, the transition period of my life and... I haven't been home since I was 18... Mm-hmm. And I know you left home even earlier than that, but, like, leaving home at 18 and then not being back... For 12 years and then coming back and then, well, I mean, Um... Aw. Yeah. (chuckles) When I told Ali That I live at home with my parents, The look in her eye... It doesn't matter. She understands me. She cares about me. I'm... I'm following my heart. I'm pursuing something I'm passionate about. That means a lot to me, that Ali accepts that and understands it. Would you live in a tree with me? Mm-hmm. Let's live in a tree together, a couple of monkeys. I could live anywhere with you, Ali. (clears throat) it's funny, 'cause you're... You're everything that I w... Said I wanted, but everything that I fear. What does that mean? I don't know. Because you're funny and you're interesting, T I think whatever sort of fears you have about me, I think I have the same ones about you. I can understand why Frank would wait To tell me that he lives at home, Because that could seem Like he lacks ambition at the beginning. I could prejudge him for that. And at this point, I don't care where Frank lives. I like Frank for who he is. Thank you, both of you. (c) Um, but I think it's time that we have to go. Ali : two-on-oneates are not fun. It was really tough and awkward. But I've got the answers I feel like I need From these guys tonight, and it's important, during these dates before hometowns, That I really figure out whose families I wanna meet and what I'm really getting myself into. This is not gonna be an easy decision. (kirk) this palace is like nothing I've ever seen before. It's like Ali and I are walking through this fairy tale. But I can sense that she's got a lot on her mind. I need you to be honest with me. Mm-hmm. I was a little worried, 'cause I felt like you were holding back,  But maybe you were just waiting for the right time. I'm hoping. And later... It wasn't about the money. I wanted people to know the real reason that this did not work. Jake and Vienna tell all. You sold me out to a magazine for payment. I know Jake, a I know as soon as we broke up, He was gonna run to a media outlet and tell his side of the story. Absolutely not true. Right. You are a fame whore, is what you are. When the bachelorette" continues. Last night was really hard, and it was difficult juggling Ty and Frank. I'm really glad that I get to focus on one guy today and just put all my attention into my relationship with kirk. Kirk and I are going to a beautiful place today. Just... my mind's a little preoccupied, and I hope I can just focus on him. Hi. Hey. You look gorgeous... (laughs) Always. How are you? Ohh. I'm so good now.Ho? Good. Ohh. I'm so good now.Ho? Mm, this place is beautiful. I am ecstatic to be on a date with Ali again, finally. Let's walk around a little b. Can we, please? I would love to. Yeah. I really like Ali. My heart beats a little faster when... when I'm with her. It's easy. It's natural. It feels right. I'm very excited about the possibility Of being able to bring Ali home to meet my family, and today's so important as far as building up to that. How are you feeling this week? Um... I'm... I'm a little... I'm a little nervous, In Gd way, though. Mm-hmm. Like, I'm... I'm... I believe in what we have. I really do. This is an important week. Mm-hmm. I-I noticed. For me too. Um, well, like, when you get families involve.. Mm-hmm. My family wants nothing more than for me to be happy... Mm-hmm. And to find somebody. They really don't, so, um, Yeah, it's interesting, 'cause that's a huge step. Mm-hmm. I'm trying to just enjoy the day with kirk today, but I have too much on my mind, and I don't really know what's wrong. But I have a surprise for kirk today, and I'm hoping that seeing how excited he is Will put me in a better mood and... and help raise my spirits. Really, like, I'm... I'm okay with it. I just... I don't know. (man whistles) There's horses. Yeah. I think this is our ride. I-I like that ride. (laughs) Kirk : this is nice. Oh. Wow. This is so... (sighs) (chuckles) Ali makes me want to be, like, right next to her, Cuddled up, my arm around her constantly. I like being with her. I want to keep being with her. I don't want to, you know, leave her side. I just... it feels good to be with Ali today. I am in such a good place right now, For me, Like, and for this, For this, That... I've put my entire life into perspective. Oh, my goodness. Look at this place. Wow. Oh, my gosh. That's insane. That's gorgeous. We're like the king and queen, back in the day. Once a... once a... once upon a time. This palace is like nothing I've ever seen before. It's like Ali and I are walking through This fairy tale together. I'm experiencing This awesome new place With this amazing girl who I'm falling for. Wow. I'm not used to this. I'm not used to being here with somebody... (inhales and exhales deeply) Li. This gorgeous place... It's just surreal a little bit, to be honest with you. Kirk : but I can sense that she's got a lot on her mind. (sighs) she's trying to be here 100%, but I Fe like, uh, her mind's wandering a little bit. Whoa. Ho. I want to let Ali know that I care and that I'm here for her and that I'm thinking about her and that she's important to me. So you hanging in there with all this? Mm-hmm. Yeah? Yeah. I understand if you're, like, a little nervous, Because, like, Hometowns are very s... they're serious. You know, I'm nervous, too. Are you kidding me? I haven't brought a girl home to meet my parents In almost three years. No, I-I haven't, So I mean, like, it's a big step for me, too. Mm-hmm. And I understand if you're, like, a little nervous. I kinda just think I have a lot on my mind. Yeah? With everything coming up. Mm-hmm. It's funny, 'cause I thought I was, Like, super in tune with my emotions before I came here, and then now I'm starting to think, like, maybe I'm not. Honestly, my date with kirk Isn't going as well as I thought it was going to. I think I'm worrying this week, and the guys are seeing that, and they're seeing me sort of stress and worry, and I'm realizing how serious this is getting, and I-I don't know if I'm at the point I should be or... It's hard to make sense of it all. It's a big deal, I feel like, To meet someone's parents, and I just... I ed to just take it, I guess, one day at a time. ♪ Ali : oh. Kirk : oh, wow. It's pretty. (laughs) This is unbelievable. Tonight I have a romantic dinner Planned for kirk and I on the rooftop of the palace, and we have the whole place to ourselves. This is amazing. And you do look gorgeous. Thank you. It was hard for me today because there was so much on my mind, and it's not... it's not that I'm feeling differently about him, It's just... I'm realizing how serious this is getting, and I really need to clear that up with him. I'm glad that we had today. I know, like, I feel like I was a little... I just have a lot on my mind. So thank you for bearing with and, um, ay. And cheers to that. (clink) cheers. Actually, I appreciate that you said that, Because I-I was a little worried 'cause I felt like You were holding back, but maybe you just were waiting For the right time... I'm hoping... because I want you to be open With me about how you're feeling about the situation and me and everything. Like, it's okay to tell me. I need you to be honest with me. You know what I mean? Mm-hmm. If it's good or it's bad, it makes everything easier In the end, you know what I mean? I-I think I struggle a little bit with, mm, Questioning people rather than just accepting them. What do you mean? What do you mean? Um, like, saw we end up together at... at the end of this.. Mm. And a year from now, You know, do you feel that you'll start feeling The way you were feeling in your past relationships? I'm just worried that I won't be good enough one day. You should not think that. That should never cross your mind. I'm not falling... I'm not falling in love with the idea of you. I'm not falling for the concept of love. It's because I genuinely care about you. Here's the thing. I didn't completely know who I was Before I got sick and had to put my life into perspective. And I really didn't think that maybe I was good enough To deserve the people that I was with. And I know more than ever That I am deserving of love and I'm deserving of you and I'm deserving of happiness. It's weird, that my heart's open, I feel like I-I deserve this. Uh, it's... I don't know. I'm just... I'm there right now. Ali : I really am enjoying dinner tonight. I don't know what was wrong with me today, but something was off, and I feel like I'm right back on track. It's funny because normally, Serious talk is what makes people uncomfortable,  But having those morer comfortable with kirk. (knock on door) Roberto : we got a date card, guys. Yes, it is. Okay, let's get to it. I think we already know. Mr. Chris... "love gets better with age." It's true. And you are the oldest person here, so... (laughs) (frank) that's true. I feel like I've been waiting for this date since New York. I would love a lot more time, and, uh, I can't wait to get that tomorrow. Do you feel like it's an advantage, Having a date on the day of the rose ceremony? Well, I hope that. (chuckles Yeah. You know? Maybe something happens, and you don't come back, and, uh, I'll write you, though. (Portuguese folk music playing) ♪ (singing in Portuguese) ♪ Ali : standing in this palace, Listening to this romantic, Passionate, emotional Fado music, It was beautiful. ♪ I feel for this guy, and the emotional connection that we have is so rare. Kirk : if I get a hometown with Ali, I... Am going to be elated. ♪ I feel like we both have grown closer because of today, and I like the way that feels. ♪ (song ends) Coming up... (horn honks) Ali : Chris is going pretty slow on the scooter. Hold on! I can't be the dude who kills the bachelorette. It's not gonna look good. Oh, my God! (thunderclap) Ali : I'm realizing how serious this is getting. Irk) tonight is the most important night of my life. (Ali) I don't know how it's gonna turn out. And then, Jake and Vienna confront each other For the first time since their bitter breakup. And you're busy having lings with other men. I'm not having flings with other men. Who's the guy that you had on Saturday night At the apartment? He's sitting here lying. Stop interrupting me. (crying) I'm done with this. You are the vainest person I've ever met in my life. When the bachelorette" returns. This week was tough. The pressure of hometowns is weighing on me. Watching Chris walk up to me, I'm nervous. I don't know how today's gonna go. Hi. How are you? I'm good. (laughs) give me a hug. Good to see you. You, too. Right now I'm having a difficult time Even understanding Where my feelings are lying with Chris. I'm just really sort of digging him as a friend, but we're not really getting to the level I feel like our relationship needs to be as fast as I'd like. I hope Chris is able to open up today, Because if we aren't able to move our relationship forward, I just can't see myself visiting his family. Yeah, this place is gorgeous. Chris L. : I'm going on a date with Ali today in Portugal. As long as it does not involve oil wrestling Or that stupid horse in Iceland that I don't like at all, I'm good. This is a cute little town, but we're not staying here. (laughs) really? Yeah. This is our jumping-off point? We're gonna take off for a little bit, and that's our ride. (laughs) shut up. Really? A little scooter? Do you... have you ever driven one of these before? I haven't, but... Oh, my God. Holy crap. I've never driven a motorcycle, a scooter, nothing like that. The only thing I've driven is a bicycle. I'm like, man, I don't know if you're ready for this, Ali. Put that helmet on. Make sure it's tight. (honks horn) (laughs) yeah, I can't wipe out with Ali on here. I can't be the dude who kills the bachelorette. That's not gonna look good... At all. Oh, my God. (laughing) (laughs) you're gonna kill us. Whoo! You better hold on, Because I don't know what the... (bleep) I'm doing. Wait. Go... (laughing) Aah! (laughing) (laughing) oh, my God. Stop making me laugh. Hold on! Chris had little bit Of a difficult time getting used to the moped. Whoo-ee! Oh, my God. Did you see that look that guy gave us? Chris was going pretty slow On the scooter, Sort of like our relationship. Oh, my God! (laughing) oh! Hey! I feel like we could have something. It's just progressing a little more slowly Than my other relationships here, and that's okay. Chris has been through a lot over the past few years. He lost his mom, and I'm sure that has Some sort of effect On how he lives his life now, and maybe that's why he isn't opening up The way that I need him to. I want to try. My turn. We laugh and joke, but we're just not getting Where we need to be quite as fast as I'd like to. So I think it's time that I sit in the driver's seat and take this relationship to the next level. Oh! (bleep). (laughing) Oh, (bleep). Oh, my God. Wait. Hold on. Oh, my God. She's cranking around corners, and she's just like... (imitates engine revving) She's like, "lean with me." I'm like, "oh, yes, dear." I should have been scared, but I just trusted her. So I'm just holding on and just, like, laughing. Holy crap. Oh, my God! Look at the ocean. That's awesome. It's beautiful. I came into this more guarded than most guys, and it's taken me a lot longer to open up to her, and I still haven't fully done it yet. I need to get deep with her. I need to let her know how I feel, What I want, that I want her to meet my family, Because I feel like if I don't, I might not get that chance. It sounds like your whole family, You guys sort just, like, mess around with each other. Yeah, my brothers and I, uh, have a good time. We're, like, a little sarcastic with each other, and... I've always wanted all boys. I bet your mom liked being, like, the woman of the house. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Her boys always took care of her, so that's good. Mm-hmm. What was she like? Oh, man. (exhales deeply) what was she like? Where do I start? She was credible, you ow, she was so loving. She was a... she was a nurse, so she was just... Right away, that's just, like, compassion, That's, like, the best job. Mm-hmm. And, uh, like, her love just, like... like radiated. It was amazing. Hmm. So, yeah, she was... she was amazing. She really was, and, like, so much so that her friends still come by and check on us... Mm-hmm. And bring us dinners and stuff. And I think that's amazing, Because, you know, she passed... She's been gone now for, like, a year and a half, but peop still come over and, like, take care of us. Mm-hmm. People just liked being around her. I can tell where you... where you come from... Yeah. People like being around you. You're pretty good. (laughs) you're not so bad yourself. Thank you. I'm really glad that Chris is on this date with me. It was really important to me That he was able to open up more about his mom, and I can feel Chris' walls coming down. I just don't know if it's a little too late. Whoa. (giggles) Oh, this is pretty. Duck. Whoo. My date so far with Chris is going really well. He's really opened up more and more and especially today. We finally have been able to pick up the speed, but I just don't know if it's too little, too late. Oh, wow. So we're gonna try drink one of these big ones? There is a really nice winery out here in Portugal That I'm gonna take Chris to today. And I feel like a winery is, like, the perfect place To sort of let loose and continue to explore our relationship. So I'm just hoping we can sort of take another step forward and keep it going. Is your family big wine drinkers? Yeah. Yeah, my Dad, uh, loves red wine. Oh, really? Oh, yeah. Yeah. I was thinking That if we did go and meet your Dad, We shod bring him some wine from here. Oh, God, yeah. How do you feel about possibly doing a hometown? Um... Or me meeting your family? 'cause I feel like it's a huge... It is a huge step... Step and I feel like, you know, we've connected, and... and I like where it's going. I love spending time with you, and I want to do more of it, and I like how we're natural and... I like the way that... that you and I have... Like, just talked and progressed... Mm-hmm. And it hasn't been too quick, and, you know, I feel like I've been opening up more and more each time... Mm-hmm. And I like that. Is that how you normally are in relationships? Yeah. You know, I don't... It takes me a little while to open up. Mm-hmm. And when I'm around you, I just smile. I like... I really like being around you. And I just feel happy. So when I walk in that front door, and they see me, like, kinda, like, giddy... Mm-hmm. And, like, excited to bring you home and, like, show you off. I want to be like, "this is Ali. Isn't she great?" (laughs) You know? I feel like they'll just see that I and they'll just... you're gonna get a huge hug from my Dad. Mm-hmm.) And, uh, you would fit in with my family. They would love having you there, and they'd be like, "Chris, don't screw this one up. Make sure she comes back again." I really am excited to see... When we go to my house, To see how I am in front of my brothers and family, Because... That's who I am, you know? Because obviously, I am trying to be who I am, but obviously, I'm nervous and, like... So do you think I'm gonna see A different side of you when we go? Maybe a more relaxed side. Okay. And then, like, when I see my brothers and Dad, You'll just see, like, The love of my family. So I actually got you something to fit into Dennis. You did? Yeah. We have this family friend that my Dad would always go to To make special things for my mom. Mm-hmm. And he was... he's very creative and does all kinds of cool things... Mm-hmm. And he made something for me to give to you. But I didn't give it to you yet 'cause I needed time To make sure that I liked you enough to give it to you, and now I feel like I know you enough That I wanna give something to you, so I actually... (laughs) Brought something. So this is called the Dennis bracelet... Oh, my gosh. And it's specific to Dennis. And hopefully, I know how to put this thing on. Oh, my gosh. It's so cool. And when you see my sister Meagan, She'll have, like, three of 'em, and one of them is actually one that my mom wore... Oh. So it's, like, really special. So... And I don't know how to undo it. (laughs) you can tell I don't wear it often, so... Nice. Oh, it fits. Now you'll be ready for Dennis. You'll fit in. Oh, my gosh. I love it. There you are. I love it. I'm glad. I'm glad it fits. Chris gave me a gift today, and I wasn't expecting it at all, and I love that he saved it for now and not at the beginning and waited till he felt comfortable enough To share something special with me like this. It was really meaningful. Thank you. I'm glad you like it. Oh, that's so sweet. I love it. (laughs) that's so nice of you. 
 
 Chris L. : Today, it was the time. I started to open up to her, and I don't know what special thing it was, I just had a feeling... I want to... I want to give Ali this and let her know that she's special to me. I haven't brought anyone home to meet my family in a while, Because after my last relationship, It was, you know, a hard time in my life With my mom passing and stuff like that, and I wasn't ready yet. And, uh, and now, You know, when I see Ali, I see a girl that I WA to bring home and show off to my family, you know? And that makes me happy, because that shows me That all right, Chris is ready. That makes me feel good. You got me feeling like I'm floating right now. (laughs) You make me feel all warm inside. What does that... what does that mean? I honestly feel like Chris and I took a huge step forward in our relationship. The walls finally came down, and he really opened up to me. There you are, my dear. (laughs) I saved those. Thank you. I think, even though we've taken little steps up until now, I think Chris and I could take huge leaps the next few weeks, and I'm hopeful that that will happen. Chris would make an amazing husband. I was telling you today I was nervous. No more. Chris would make mm. An amazing husband. (kisses) (sighs) It's good. This is a really good day. Coming up... (thunderclap) Roberto : I'm having strong feelings for Ali. Frank : I am positive I am falling in love with Ali. Ali : I knew it was gonna be hard. I just had no idea it was gonna be this hard. And then... Did you or did you not say you broke up with me? I did break up with you, Vienna. Okay, I broke up with you, Jake. I'm not having the argument. You're a liar. That is what you are. Jake and Vienna are back in a shocking bachelor" update. I knew that he was gonna do this. Okay, the... the thing about it is... I knew this whole thing was gonna happen. The thing about it is... And he's gonna drag it out as long as he can, Stay in the spotlight. No. Well, I mean, I-I... Can we get a poly-o-graph test? Do we have one of those? 'cause you would fail it. I hear what you're saying. Find out the whole truth when the bachelorette" returns. (thunderclap) Ali, good to see you again. Hi, Chris. How are you? Hey there's a little rain tonight. I know. Ali : going into tonight's rose ceremony, I have four roses to hand out. And if I give a guy a rose, That is my way of telling him that I want to meet his family. I remember what it felt like To bring Jake home to meet my family and how excited and proud I was For him to be there's and meet them, and the guy who I'm letting go tonight Could potentially feel that way about me, and I don't want to hurt him that way. I have to make a difficult decision tonight. I knew it was gonna be hard. I just had no idea it was gonna be this hard. Gentlemen, good evening. What's up, Chris? Kirk : hey, Chris. I told you, when we all arrived here in Lisbon, How big this week was, How important this rose ceremony would be. There's a lot on the line. The men who receive roses tonight get the opportunity To take Ali back to their hometowns To meet their family and friends. Four roses to hand out tonight. One of you will be going home. I wish you all the best. And if you're ready, here's Ali. When you're ready. This week has been amazing. I'm really glad that I got a lot of time with each of you. I feel like taking this next step... (thunder rumbles) It's no longer my relationship with you... It's my relationship with you and your family. So thank you, guys, for being supportive Of the decisions that I do make and... and just for being here and... and coming on this world tour with me. (whispers) so thank you. ♪ Chris. Will you accept this rose? Oh, yes. Frank. Frank, will you accept this rose? Of course, Ali. Roberto. Will you accept this rose? Absolutely. Ali, gentlemen, This is the final rose tonight. When you're ready. Thank you. ♪ Kirk. (whispers) kirk, will you accept this rose? Of course. Ty, I'm sorry, man. Take a moment. Say your good-byes. (whispers indistinctly) Thank you. (speaks inaudibly) (thunderclap) I don't want to make you walk out here. No, I want to. (thunderclap) How are you? Are you okay? I'm just... I'm just... I'm just disappointed Because I do really like you. And, you know, you had your thoughts and you have the reasons that you do, which you did, so... I just thought maybe in the long run, I didn't see it working with us. I had some unbelievable feelings, and I'm just a little disappointed. (whispers) sorry. I wish it could have been different, but it's not, and, um, Thank you, for everything. Thank you. Okay? Thank you. (exhales deeply) (thunderclap) (thunderclap) Ty : I just really thought That I was the perfect guy for her. I was just so sure that I was gonna get to take her home. It would be nice To have somebody to share stuff with and... You know, it's not gonna happen. It'll be tough for a while. I'm kind of really lost right now. I don't really know what to think. I'm like... What do you do from here? (scoffs) what do you do when everything seemed right and obviously, it was wrong? I'm pissed off because She made the wrong choice, and I hope she realizes that. (thunderclap) Ali : when I said good-bye to Ty, I just felt so sad. I know I'm getting to the right guy, so this is necessary, but it doesn't make it easy. This whole experience has been so difficult, and there's been times I wanted to give up. What's kept me going is I have faith That if I continue to let my heart lead in this journey, I'm gonna meet my husband here. ♪ Up next... He was always, like, mean to me and treated me like I was a child. It's the shocking breakup everyone is talking about. The problem with this relationship, Chris, Is it's me, me, me, me, me. Is that you need a woman who has no say. Stop interrupting me. (sobbing) When the bachelorette" continues. Hi. I'm Chris Harrison. It is with a certain degree of sadness That I bring you this special bachelor" update. Many people have found love on our show, and we often give our fans updates As these couples move forward, Get married and even have children. But this update is not a happy one. Jake and Vienna have broken up. Their relationship was controversial From the day they got engaged, So it comes as surprise That their breakup is equally scandalous. But their split has been fueled by countless rumors, Hateful tabloid stories, and vicious accusations by fans and even by Jake and Vienna themselves. So tonight, we're gonna hear the real story Behind the breakup that everyone's talking about. That's right, Jake and Vienna are here to tell the sad truth About the bitter end of their relationship, and more importantly, Get answers to each other's questions In a hopeful attempt To find closure to this failed love affair. Now before I sit down with both Jake and Vienna, Let's get Jake's side of the story. Jake, come out and join me. Hello there. Hi. Have a seat. (sighs) oh, man. Sorry 're meetin' like this. I, uh, yeah, I am, too. Where to begin? I just had dinner with you and Vienna a couple weeks ago. It seemed like everything was going so well. How did we get to this point so quickly? What happened? You know what, man? Just to be honest with you, I'm still processing all of this. I was 2,000 miles away and I'm gone for a couple of days, and everything just explodes. I come home and I'm on the cover of five magazines. And you had no idea. This completely came out of the blue. In... in your mind, ea. You were out of town, and everything was fantastic. You were still on the way to getting married to Vienna and everything was great. Well, before I left, You know, the relationship was going downhill. But I wasn't ready to quit fighting. You know, I, uh... I'm in a... right now I'm in just a really confused emotional state. I can't... I guess the way to sum this up is like I cannot even fathom her doing this to me. Are you scared of... of anything? No. I don't have anything to fear. I didn't do anything wrong. You ready, Jake, to do this? Okay. Together for the first time since their breakup... Let's bring her out. Vienna, why don't you come out and join us? Hello. Hey. Good to see you. (sighs) You sit there. First of all, Uh, to the two of you, I'm... I'm sorry That, uh, the three of us are... are together like this, Uh, seeing as how a couple weeks ago, We were enjoying a great dinner together and enjoying a... what seemed like a great relationship. So... so how d we get to this point? How did we get here tonight, Vienna? Well... (clears throat) I guess it started about a month after our dating. Right? That's when everything started changing. Things started changing? What things? Our relationship. You know, the first month we were together was great. Like, he was crazy about me. And then from there, it just kinda went straight downhill. And it wasn't... Like we were in a relationship. Like, it felt like we were in a relationship What cameras were rolling or we were on red carpets Or we were out in public. But, like, at home, it wasn't like we were in a relationship. What was it like at home? Lonely. I would tell him that all the time. I just wanted him to, you know, be around me and talk to me and kiss me and... like a normal relationship. Okay. (sighs) So there were problems with the relationship. That's one thing, but your accusations go much further than that. You said mental, emotional abuse, Verbally abusive. I said emotional abuse. Yeah. Anger issues. He's got a little bit of a temper, but I wouldn't say... (chuckles nervously) I wouldn't say he's dangerous or anything. It's just... It was mostly emotional. I mean, there was no emotion with us. Like, there was no... There was just nothing there. Like, I'm in a relationship with somebody who's just... Emotionally and physically not there with me. Like, I don't think any woman would stay in a relationship With a guy who... she has to ask to be kissed. Like, when I-I had to literally ask to have a kiss. And when he does, it's a... (kisses) kinda kiss. Okay, and before I bring Jake in, I wanna take it a step further. These sound like a relationship that's Ge South, A normal relationship that ends every day around the world. But you took it a step further. Why did you take it to the tabloids? Why did you tell the stories in... in great detail So publicly? Well, either way, our relationship has been public. No matter how we broke up, this was gonna have to happen. The world was gonna wanna know what happened, and we were gonna be doing interviews. And I know Jake, and I know as soon as we broke up, He was gonna run to a media outlet and tell his side of the story, so... So in a sense you were just... So I wanted to make sure I had a voice also. You know, I hadn't... I haven't had a voice this entire time. And I've let everybody say what they wanted to say about me and their thoughts about me, and I wasn't gonna let it happen again. I want people to know that I did try in this relationship. And I stayed with him because I thought it would be different. And I loved him and I wanted it to be different, and it never did. It... it just kept getting worse and worse and worse and worse and I couldn't do it anymore. And I knew that I had to leave when he wasn't there. Otherwise, I would've kept... I would've just stayed Because he would've convinced me things things would've, You know, stayed the same... that things would've changed. Sorry. We've broken up three times. I'm so mad at you. I'm so disgusted with you. Disgusted with me? I'm disgusted that you... You sold... you sold me out to a magazine for payment and then flirted with me all weekend. Flirted with you all weekend? I didn't see you all weekend. And then I find out from my publicist... that's all right. I've got text messages. Oh... oh, yes. You flirted with me all weekend? Oh, yes, baby. I've go. Right. "baby, come to the charity." you've already done this... Yeah, because you were lying to me and trying to bluff out Because you thought I was lying about where I was. So I said,"yeah, come t" oh, oh, we'll get... "show up at the hospital." we'll get to your lyg issues in a minute. Oh, my lying issues? Right. You are a fame whore, is what you are. That's it. (laughs) and that was the what it, uh, n that this end was it that you... ed. 'cause my impression was that you were a pilot, and we were gonna go back to Florida and Dallas and live a normal life, but all of a sudden, we're in L.A., and you're pursuing a career in acting. At least I was pursuing a career in something. Sorry, actually, I do have a job now... a marketing job. I'm a pilot. You haven't... you haven't flown in over a year. As a matter of fact, I flew this last weekend. Right. He's never once tried to get to know my family. When we went back to Florida, he maybe said two words to them. He was on his phone the entire... the entire time he was there. My dog was sick When she was in the hospital with I.V.S in her. And what's the first thing you said? Do you remember? Or should I quote you? "I'm not sorry your dog's so spoiled, She can only maintain one relationship at a time," Is what he said to me While my dog's in the hospital with I.V.S. Is that what you said? Nope. You're a liar, is what you are. What about her parents? Is that true? Absolutely not true. Right. How many times have you called my Dad? Well, I'm glad I called him and wished him a happy father's day. You called him on father's day to find out Why I haven't talked to you over the weekend. Because the... both the times we talked, you were yelling at me. Well, you're busy having flings with other men. I'm not having flings with other men. You're trying to say... evidently. What, you broke... okay, you have two stories. The first story was that you broke up with me on Saturday Because I was cheating on you with Greg (bleep). First of all, didn't even meet Greg (bleep). Till 9:00 at night at the charity event at a hospital. The only thing you have is me dancing nine seconds In a group of people, and I'm not even with him. Y are you raising your voice? Because you are the biggest fake liar I've ever met In my entire life. So wait, Vienna, there was no... no infidelity? No! No cheating? Not at all! There's nothing! I don't even hardly know that guy. I went to a charity event, met him with a group of people... He seems to know you. And the next day, he invited everybody. I went with my girlfriend. He was there with three other girls. That was it. That's the entire story. And who's the guy that you had on Saturday night At the apartment? You had a single guy there. I know you did. I had a gay guy named Todd (bleep) who owns (bleep), Who dropped by my apartment So I could pick up a dress to go to the charity event. And he talked to you. He said, "why is he jealous? I'm gay. I'm gay." That's what he said. You talked to him on the phone. You're... you're going by a video of me not even touching a guy and then a picture taken at an event. And that's what you're saying... I cheated? I don't know what you did. Right. I know. You're agreeing with me. I don't know what you did. I'm not agreeing with anything you say. You are a liar. No, I mean, I-I... can we get a poly-o-graph test? Do we have one of those? I hear what you're saying. 'cause you would fail it. Okay, well... Um, you know, and I'm a fame whore? I didn't... I didn't sell this story. You did. No, you went to (bleep) magazine. Yes. You gave them your story. I had to. And you were gonna do it either way, Jake. I'm not an idiot. You move me out to L.A. I have no money. I have no car. I have nothing out here. I said, "whatever's gonna make you happy. We can leave L.A. We can... " I've asked... how many times have I asked To go back home to Florida? I have offered several times. No, you have not. I'm not doing a he said, she said" thing, No, I'm not, because he's sitting here lying. All right, guys... And I'm not get an interview and he gonna sit here and lie. Guys, one... one second. I hate... I hate to break this up. I wanna continue this conversation We're gonna take a quick break. More with Vienna and Jake talking for the first time Since their breakup, right after this. (gasps) Vienna... (gasps) Will you marry me? Yes! Yes! ♪ (kisses) I'm in love with you. I am, too. ♪ Welcome back. It's been public knowledge for a couple of weeks now That Jake and Vienna broke up. What's not public knowledge is the real reason why they broke up. I continue my conversation with Jake and Vienna. Vienna, before we left, I was gonna ask you... You got paid for... for the interview. Someone... you know, in one of the reports, You got paid 90 grand, which... Th's not true. Okay. They paid you a good chunk of change, which... Whatever. I'm not... I'm not gonna judge you on that. What I was wondering is, Why take it so far as to tell such intimate detailed stories? Because it wasn't about the money. It was... I wanted people to know the real reason that This did not work. Really what went on in this relationship. 'cause I w... 'cause I was looking at you, You know, I was watching you on... on (bleep), and I see you on these... And that's the only thing I was wondering, is why... Why put yourself through that? Why go through... Because I knew he would do it if I didn't. I knew, you know, the real reasons... (scoffs) The... the real problems in our relationship  Is what I was telling. Okay, I wasn't... I wasn't bashing Jake's character Or accusing him of anything. I was just laying it out... This is what's been wrong in our relationship. This is what's been happening. And, you know, what he does is he runs out and goes, "oh, no. She was cheating and this, and she was this, and that was this, and this is... " which isn't at all. We've never, ever had cheating or trust issues ever. That's never been an issue in our relationship. So for you to go and say that that's what the issues were... That's not true. Let me ask you guys this. I was there in st. Lucia when you were in love, and it was... it was beautiful. I don't know if you guys can think back to that... It was. At this moment. But, Jake, what did you love about Vienna that day When you got down on one knee? She was... At that point, supportive and loving and very trustworthy and witty and quick. And she challenged me and she was interesting and entertaining. I mean, there were so my things. And, Vienna, what did you love about Jake that day? (voice breaks) he was genuine at that time. He was compassionate. He was fun to be around. You know, when I was around him, I enjoyed being around him. He smiled. He hugged me. He wanted to be with me. You know, we talked and we opened up together. And after the show w over, That just went away. You know, he wasn't... Compassionate anymore. He didn't care. He never... he didn't try. He just... So why didn't you get together, both of you? 'cause obviously, This was going to hell in a handbasket in a hurry. So why not get together and say, "amicably, let's go our separate ways"? That's my question right there, Chris. We've broken up twice. I've given you the ring back twice, Jake, and you promised me, both times, that it was gonna change. You were gonna try harder. You were gonna try to kiss me more. You were gonna just act like you wanted to be with me. And nothing ever changed. For, like, maybe three days. What did you promise me? Is that true? Back up. Is... is that true? Did you... y guys broke up twice or she tried to break up twice and gave you the ring? She... she would throw little temper tantrums and take the ring f. No, we broke up twice. I've taken that ring off twice. And g... and it was a breakup. And was leaving. Just let me know when you're done, then I'm gonna start. Okay, Jake, your side. Okay. She would test me. She would take the ring off and go sit and sulk in the bathroom, Waiting for me to go in there and Chase her. It was a game. It was a... you know? It was not a game. I wanted to leave. You were free to leave. (voice breaks) really? What... what was said? What did you say to me when I didn't leave? I'm sitting in L.A. With nothing. I haven't been able to work Because for dancing with the stars," We didn't know where he would be each week. How do you find a job in L.A. When I wouldn't... We're not even supposed to stay in L.A. Right. Okay, the show just got Er. Okay, we just moved in to another apartment. I haven't had time to get... I haven't had a chance to get a job 'cause I didn't even know We'd be living in L.A., so I have nothing. But let me ask you this. Was dancing with the stars" a bad thing? I mean, like, you didn't enjoy the time of being there? I support... I supported him because he wanted to do it. But he never... like, the entire time he was on dancing with the stars," he never acknowledged me. Like, he'd come home. He'd, you know, go... His Twitter, We were never together ever throughout the whole thing. We were never together. 'cause I know... say, at the end, when you got to dance, You were excited about that. Right? I was excited to get to spend the time with him. She was excited 'cause it put her on TV. Oh, whatever, Jake. That's the only thing you care about. I don't want this life. I don't... like, I don't wanna be on the cameras all the time like him. Okay, so let me ask you this. Just to... to further what you're saying, As soon as this interview's over, You guys have seen each other. We've said our piece. Will you... Disappear now? Will you go back and... and try and live your life? I'm getting a job... I've already got a job, actually... a real job... And I'm doing marketing for a company. Will that keep you here in Los Angeles? Yes, it's in Los Angeles. Aah! Big surprise. (laughs) and I'm going to be working with a charity That helps cancer patients, and it's a hair product to help the kids. Now... but why stay here in L.A. When this is... She hates L.A., Chris. The root of the problem? I do hate L.A. I do hate L.A. But I got a job. I went on an interview. They loved me, and I'm gonna take... If it's a job, it's a job. I need a job period. Right. But... but why not go back home? Why not get away from this, if that's the root of all evil? 'cause you can... I can be here and not be involved with that. Okay. If I go back home... Honestly, the reason I don't wanna go back home is because when I left home, everybody in my small town Turned their backs and just... You know. I don't wanna go back to that environment. But I don't wanna stay Hollywood and the life. I went on an interview. He told me to get a job, get a job, get a job." I went. I got a job. So what... okay, Then what is life after this interview for you guys? Will this crap continue? Of the he said, she said" And all the tabloids and giving interviews and talking about each other behind each other's back and telling, you know... I'm not talking behind her back, Chris. I did not ring this bell, but I'm forced to deal with it 'cause it has been rung. I just feel like you have been lying About how this went down, okay? I called... I had my bags packed. I was leaving, okay? But why... let's... Boxes out, and I broke up with you on Monday. I called you and broke up with you over the phone. And I told you I couldn't do this anymore. I left you a letter... you know, explaining everything. So then I go and see that you've been telling everybody That I cheated on you, and that's why broke up with me. That's not the case. I didn't... I didn't tell everybody you cheated on me. Did you tell people you broke up with me? No, the boy you were hanging out with Told everybody you were cheating. No, he didn't. Iead his quote. I-I didn't, uh, I didn't tell anybody that and, uh, he went on the record, as a matter of fact. Okay, did you or did you not say you broke up with me? I did break up with you, Vienna. Okay, I broke up with you, Jake. I'm not having the argument. Anyway... (laughs) it's not... Chris... You are such a liar! Oh, my gosh. Let me... let me just... let me just clarify what's going on here Before I get interrupted again. By the way, there was a witness sitting there next to me When I broke up with you over the phone... Okay. Who was that? Because I knew... I'm not gonna give their name out. But I knew that he was gonna do that. I knew this whole thing Was gonna happen and he was gonna drag it out... Okay, the... the thing about it is... As long as he can to stay in the spotlight. The thing about it is... Go ahead. You did an unauthorized interview and got paid... No, what I'm asking you is, how did we break up? Baby... Don't call me baby." be quiet while I'm talking. And this is how he treats all the time. Why, in any kind of relationship... Mm. Especially in a new relationship... We don't even... we've only been together for six months. How can you get sick of somebody in six months? How do you get sick of somebody in that short amount of time? Right. May I answer that? Yeah, hold on. Especially in the first month. Okay, you stopped being intimate and kissing and everything The second month we were together. You stopped. Like, how does everything go away in one month? Okay, so let him... let him answer that. I can... I can answer that. I can answer that. Give him some time. Yeah, just give me a minute here to answer. (sighs) What guy in America would ever wanna be intimate With a woman that undermines him... Please tell me what undermines" means? Emasculates... Yeah, be specific. Can I... can I... Yeah. I just wanna know what undermines" means. Let him finish, though. But be specific. Yeah, undermines. You know, emasculates and doesn't respect. I would like examples. Because you always say that I undermine you. Every day, I undermine 'cause I turn the g.P.S. On. I undermined you because I said... You're doing it right now. We should move the bed. This is not undermining. But let him... let him... let him in. You're interrupting. Let him... let him give us examples. Go ahead. The interruption is a constant thing that I'm dealing with. Everything that I do is wrong. You know, little things like... I said I w under the impression... The g.P.S. You know, she will ask me, you know, "I don't know where I am." we're driving down the road. I'm like, "babe, the building you're looking for is 1 mile this way. Turn right on that road. It's right there on the left." She reaches backan. And puts it in there. I'm like, "well, what did you ask for?" And then his anger. He'll take it and throw the thing behind the car. Did you? At that point, I was trying to prove a point Because when... trying to prove a point. That's what he always does. Again, more interruption. It... see, the problem with this relationship, Chris, Is it's... (voice breaks) is that you need a woman who has no say... "me, me, me, me, me," takes... and again, her interptions. Sits there, smiles and doesn't do anything. That's what you need. You need a perfect girl that sits just like this and does everything you want her to do and says absolutely nothing. That's what you need. No, I need a girl that... we put furniture in our bedroom, and he said he couldn't open the drawers 'cause they hit the bed. So I walked in there and I was like, "well, how about we try to turn the bed this way and just put the dresser there?" "don't undermine me!" is what he tells me. No, I was brainstorming. I was giving a suggestion. In a relationship, you give suggestions, is what you do. But... you compromise. You talk about things. You make... You... you make decisions together. You don't decide to stay out here When you're engaged to somebody, and that's not the plan at all. The problem with that, Chris, is she's like a tabloid. You're getting about 40% of the truth. And with you, you get none. And another interruption. Okay. Stop doing that to me! There... the thing about the room... okay, hold on. Hold on. Let's... let's... okay, guys. No, let me an... no, let me answer this real quick. Okay. Let me just get this out. We were moving furniture. I measured the best way to put that furniture in there, and I-I told her. I said, "this is the only way it's gonna work. I've already had a tape measure in here." She goes and gets the tape measure and remeasures my work. I've never... I never even picked up a tape measure. I never picked up a tape measure. Don't know... th-this is what undermining is, and it's everything in our relationship. There's no respect for me. It's... it's... Okay, let me ask you a couple questions. How did you get to... I thought it was because he wanted to wait till marriage Or because you were fasting. Which one... which... I just wanna know which excuse it is Because you've given me five. You know what? To me, there's more in a relationship Than s*x and intimacy. Those are just two... How about talking or getting to know one's family? Two little things. Those are part of a relationship, correct? What... okay, so... so what's the main reason You felt like this fell apart? It was all of them because he never tried on anything. He never talked to me. He never tried to get to know me. He never tried to get to know my family. He was always, Ike, mean to me and treated me like I was a child. You know, he brought me to L.A. And stuck me in an apartment. I mean... Chris, I just wanna say something right here. Mm-hmm. She's asking why there's not intimacy in our relationship. This is it... she breaks me down, She undermines me, she's mean, she's always right. I never do anything right. I mean, and this is it right here. Vienna, do you think Jake will ever find love and find a woman... That'll deal with that? Absolutely not. That he will be... Unless there's a woman out there who... Literally... Has no respect for herself and just wants a man to control her. That's what he needs. I'm sure, Chris, that I don't want a selfish woman. Selfish? I wouldn't have moved out here to L.A. With nothing. I left my family and everything. My dog... everything. I left everything to support you. You're right, you had nothing. Your dog never came out re. I never flew your dog half across the country several times On my dollar. Every... every time crossing the country, I... Okay, I flew Chloe out here once, and then you made me bring her back. Let me ask you this. Th's 'cause you wouldn't clean up after her. She's not potty trained. No, that's not... I was potty training her. Look... okay, I don't really... we don't really care about the dog. We go from this beautiful couple To... to this and to the tabloids and... and both of you going back and forth. So... How do we move forward... and we" meaning you two... How do you move forward tomorrow? Where does this go? Is it just gonna escalate until... I'm done talking about it. I said my side of the story. I gave the truth. And until he admits the truth... I mean, I think that he's just gonna keep going back and forth. So you're done talking? Is there any part of you... that's a first. Okay, hold on. Is there any part of you That wants to apologize for anything To Jake? (voice breaking) I am sorry that I went about it the way I did. But I know you... the real you... And I knew you would do it if I didn't. You don't know me, and I wouldn't have done it, and if you... if I don't know you, then why are we... Please stop interrupting me! (crying) The thing is, I would've never done this To somebody that I... that I love. When I got down on one knee... (sniffles) you don't love me. Again, I got interrupted. Good lord. I'm done with this. You are the vainest person I've ever met in my life! (sobs) I'm over it. (sniffles) (microphone rustling) I'm done. When we're trying to work things out, this is what happens. I'm done. I... I'm completely done with this. He is the biggest liar I've ever met in my life. I wanna go home. (speaking indistinctly) (sniffles, cries) (Vienna sobbing) (men speaking indistinctly) Don't go away. The Jake and Vienna interview continues momentarily. (Vienna sobbing) I don't think she's coming back. But have a seat real quick. (sighs) What do you make of what just happened? What just happened here? You know, um... Unfortunately, That is what one of our arguments looks like. And, you know, and it's kind of embarrassing that... We do it. I mean, do you feel... do you feel bad? Do you feel... (sighs deeply) Chris, I have... In my life, I have never, ever en in a relationship Where I've raised my voice. You know, I feel bad for doing that, but... It gets to a point where... I mean, you just can't get a word in. You know, I mean, I'm not trying to go on the defensive Or poke... poke fingers at her, but this is what's wrong. There's... somehow, our communication, We've lost each other along the way. Well, I-I do appreciate you being here tonight and being so honest and open, and I-I very much appreciate Vienna showing up tonight and being so open and honest. And I truly do wish this had ended completely differently. Um... But it is what it is. And... and that's one of the things about this show, Is you have to embrace what happens... (laughs) For better or for worse. That's right. And... and again, thanks for being here, and I sh both you and Vienna the very best. Thanks. ♪ Next week on the bachelorette"... Kirk : my Dad has not spent an entire day  With a girl I've dated ever. So, Ali, would you like to go see my basement? Oh... This is what I do. This is my taxidermy work. Oh, my God. (laughs) oh, my God! Ali : Roberto looked unbelievable in his uniform. I got a little surprise for you. Oh, my God! (laughs) I ve it. Man : I know she's gonna be happy. I wanna make sure that you are... are happy as well. Okay, well, just don't be too tough. Welcome to Cape Cod. I haven't been ready to bring a girl back Since my mom passed away 'cause, like, it was just hard. Chris L. : if my mom saw me happy, she would love it. Sometimes life is short-lived. You know, if you have love, you've got everything. The thing about this process that sucks Is, like, it's like a mind game, really. Frank : I might have the girl of my dreams. But I never seem to be entirely confident. I could have so much faith in you and I, and then you send me home, you know, tomorrow. Ali : I think Frank and I are great together. But I just need Frank to have faith right now. And later this season on the bachelorette"... Frank : I came here to fall in love with Ali, but there's something holding me back. And what's going on? I dreamed of coming to Tahiti, and I should be happy. But my stomach is at my feet. My heart is in my throat right now. The uncertainty of everything is what's killing me. It's all coming up this season on... (whispers) look at that little cat. He's gonna eat your food. (lowered voice) what if he jumps up here? (normal voice) he will. (laughing) Watch. Look it. He's just... he's just testing the ters. Wow. (laughs)en care that we're here. Look at him. (laughs) He's going to town on that. "mmm, fish tastes good." this is crazy. So what if we see him on our way out and he's laying on his back... (laughing) And he's holding his stomach like this... "ohh! I'm so stuffed!" 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 