Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 07x10 - The Men Tell All - The Bachelorette 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 07x10 - The Men Tell All https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=292&t=18299 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/03/11 06:06 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 07x10 - The Men Tell All 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Tonight on this special edition of... 
 (cheering) hello! 
 It's a reunion show you won't want to miss. 
 Welcome to the bachelorette: The men tell all." 
 The most memorable men of the season are here... 
 For wearing a mask, I think you're kind of an idiot. 
 If you thought it was so stupid... 
 Don't stand up. 
 Then you should've been patting him on the back, Saying, "keep that on. 
 You're looking great." 
 And they're not holding anything back. 
 I just can't believe somebody could treat a woman like that Or just a--just a person. 
 That's just unbelievable to me. 
 What do the guys really think about william... 
 Why did you say that? 
 To protect ashley. 
 No, you didn't. 
 That's not protecting ashley. 
 That wasn't going anywhere. 
 That was purely designed, uh, as some sort of undercut. 
 And I can't lie to a girl, so I told her. 
 Ryan... 
 Were you in love with this woman? 
 Well, well on my way. 
 It was real, and it went deep. 
 I kinda considered you kinda like a camp counselor, you know? 
 (laughter) 
 And bentley. 
 I never saw that side of him. 
 He really--he played me. 
 No man should treat a woman like that. Go (bleep) yourself. 
 (cheering) 
 Karma's a bitch, my friend. 
 And then... 
 Please welcome ashley. 
 (cheering) 
 Ashley's back... 
 I mean, how can you not love that guy? 
 And this time she has backup. 
 Please welcome back deanna pappas, Jason mesnick, and the most recent bachelorette, ali. 
 It's all coming up on this special edition of... 
 (cheering) 
 Hello! 
 Hello. How are you doing? 
 Thank you. 
 Hello, everybody, and welcome To the bachelorette: The men tell all." 
 I'm Chris harrison. 
 This season has been one of the most controversial and most talked-about seasons of the bachelorette" ever. 
 Millions of viewers watched as ashley hebert Faced one emotional challenge after another and confronted the confusion and self-doubt That love sometimes creates. 
 Some viewers reacted With heartfelt concern for ashley, Some with dismay, even anger that ashley fell For the man all of america loves to hate--bentley. 
 Why didn't ashley see him for who he really is? 
 Why didn't the show tell ashley What bentley was really saying ababt her? 
 How did it really affect her relationship With the other men, especially ben and J.P.? 
 Well, tonight we'll try to answer and speaking of ben and J.P., Ashley's final two men are not here tonight, but the guys that ashley sent home will be. 
 That's right. 
 The most memorable men of the season are back, and we definitely have a lot to talk about, but before we welcome back the guys, Let's get ashley's takee on some of the highlights Of the season. 
 First of all, it's good to see you again. 
 It's good to see you, Chris. 
 Um, welcome back To this house that h h so many memories for you. 
 I guess the only place to start is night one. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 'cause things got off To kind of a rocky start. 
 You had a guy like tim. 
 You know, there was a part of me that felt bad for him, Because we've all been there. 
 (snoring) 
 (chuckles) 
 Ironically enough, a liquor distributor. 
 (laughs) I know. 
 I mean, looking back, I feel bad. 
 You know, like, what was he thinking The next morning when he woke up? 
 Tim? 
 And then there was a part of me that thought, You know, this is the first night... 
 Good luck with everything, tim. 
 Can you get in there all right? 
 And I didn't want somebody that was here Just to have a good time, and unfortunately, his mistake cost him a rose. 
 Night one was also the appearance Of easily one of the most talked-about people Ever in the history of the show. 
 (organ playing) 
 The mask. 
 The mask. The m... (laughs) it turns out, the mask has a name. It's jeff, So he just-- jeff the mask. Jeff the mask. Everyone saw him, you know, Sitting on the john, reading the paper And all that... (laughs) But he also helped out around the house-- Out at the pool... E hedges... (whirring) the guy vacuumed. The mask was quite useful. Who would've thought? Do you think, if you knew he was so domestic,  Uh, do you think he-e- he would've stayed longer? Does he do dishe You started off this show with, in my estimation,  One of the most incredible dates we've ever had. Yeah. You and william really hit it off. Will you love her, comfort her, Honor her at all times, and be faithful to her? (both laugh) I do. Oh. (laughs) you got him all the way. I got him all the way. I don't think that He was ready to bearried to me, obviously, but I think he was just a really good sport about it all. So after, uh, the practical joke,  You guys did have a serious side to this... Mm-hmm. And this was a... Yeah. Once-in-a-lifetime romantic dinner In the fountain at the bellagio. Did we have a perfect night? (chuckles) (both) perfect. (water splashes) Oh! Honestly amazing. It was probably one of the most amazing moments Of the whole journey. Yeah. Just everything about that night was... Over-the-top for me. So how was it for one of your front-runners early on To kinda fall from grace, so to speak? I was really starting to feel strongly for some other guys, So I-it was kind of-- right. The timing was right. Yeah. The timing was right. Let's talk about another guy that, um, was very memorable,  And that is Ryan. So I'm really glad you accepted the rose. (both laugh) Are you speechless? I'm just----st--I'm happy. When I was starting to get to know the guys,  I could really separate some of the boys  From the men, and I think Ryan was one of the men. (both) good to see you. He waited a long time for that first one-on-one date, and it was on that first date where he got sent home. (voice breaking) this is really hard for me. You're just such a great guy, but I just don't know if I see you as my husband. You don't want to see my-- meet my family and... That was the hardest goooobye that I had. When he said, "you don't want to meet my family?" I mean, it was like a dagger to the heart. Yeah. You know, I want somebody that's real, That has real emotions, That's happy and sad and confused,  And to me that's real, and I never really saw that from him... So I wish I would've. Easily the most controversial part Of this season is bentley. Um... There's been so much criticism about bentley-- On you, on the show, Plenty on me. How ya doin'? Good. How are you? Good. Good. I'm nervous. Good. You're nervous? Really? Yeah. I'm nervous, too. Yeah, look at you. You're beautiful. I'm nervous to meet you. How do we put this in perspective for people? W do we help everybody understand How this played out? I need to really just let people know That I never saw that side of him. If anything, I saw a great side of him. I just want you to really be honest with me about anything. I will. I will. I will. Okay? Promise me? Yeah, and you can ask me anything. Okay. Yeah, I mean, you seem, like, really genuine... So... You know? Like, I like that. Well, thanks. A part of me thinks That he just wanted me to fall for him, and I think he just want to win. He really--he played me. This stirred up so much emotion In our viewersin the tabloids, everywhere across the board. Are you surprised at how much emotion it stirred up? I think they're-- they're frustrated that... Yeah. I didn't see what they saw so soon. I didn't know that it was going on, So I never thought, Even after I was finished filming... Right. That this was gonna be something That people are gonna really hate... Yeah. And it actually hurts me That people can be so negative. Well, obviously, it has been tough, but you went through this with no regrets, and, uh, hopefully you come out of this With a smile on your face at the end. Yeah. I appreciate you coming in here and sitting down and talking to us. Thanks for having me. Well, when we return, we'll hear from ashley About some of the more memorable moments That america didn't get a chance to see, and then the guys are back. They've got a lot to say about each other and about the man who made ashley's journey a lot harder Than it should've been. That's right. I'm talking about bentley. It's all coming up As the bachelorette: The men tell all" continues. (cheering) (cheering) Welcome back To the bachelorette: The men tell all." Ashley's journey to find love Has had many dramatic twists and turns, and viewers across america have had surprisingly strong opinions About what they've watched on TV, but what about the moments that viewers didn't get to see? Well, I sat down with ashley to talk about 'em. So, ashley, millions of viewers watch this show, and they've gone on this journey with you. A lot of stuff they've seen, but there's a lot of great moments that We just don't have time to show. I want to talk about those. Your first date with J.P... Mm-hmm. He came up to your house, and you guys decided you were gonna watch a movie. (laughs) what happened? (clatters) (laughs) So many things happened. He broke the entertainment center... No. . Asps) ohh. (chuckles) Ohh! We'll fix it. (laughs) We'll just leave that right there. Couldn't get the dvd player to work... (whispers) this isn't working. (normal voice) I feel, like, so useless. And then to top it off, I fell asleep on him. (snores) I want to talk about that group date in vegas. Everybody saw the group performance and the guys dancing. What they didn't see was the individual auditions. Give it up! Whoa! Whoa. Yeah! Some of the guys were pretty good, and some were horrendously bad. Yeah, there was a good mixture of good and bad. The one that I remember the most was ames. Ohh. Oh, look. Ohh! He pulled one of the dancers aside and started ballroom dancing with him. (chuckles) It was really funny. Another moment--I want to talk to you about mickey  In vegas at this restaurant that has the wine goddesses... You have to go up and down every time they need A bottle of wine? Yeah. But somehow mickey ended up being the goddess. Whoo. How does it feel? Oh, it feels amazing. Liberating? (chuckles) Yeah, it's-- I don't know why I-- (laughs) I don't wear one of these all the time. Those harnesses aren't meant for a man, are they? They're definitely not meant for a man. Oh, this feels awesome. (laughs) I can't tell you how comfortable this is. My manhood is in my stomach. Let's talk about a date with constantine  Which was really beautiful and romantic-- The lanterns. Okay, so first of all,  We make thisisomantic lantern, and we write all the things we want Out of a relationship and life,  And we finally take this lantern that we've created... (gasps) We sit down. Hey, pup. Uh-oh. Ohh! (laughs) A dog pees right on our lantern. The dog never breaks stride. (laughs) He just walks up, and it was like... (grunts) and then takes off. (laughs) takes off. (laughs) it was like, What was that? (laughs) he did it just to piss me off. That's okay. It'll dry. Something people talk to me about all the time-- When you're on the road, Especially in all these foreign countries,  You know, do you guys try the e cal cuisine? What is this? I'm not one to try new food. There was a plate of something in front of us. Right. Woman : enjoy your food. It turns out to be larvae and crickets. (ames) I've eatenn these larvae before. I'm feeling a little bit nauseous. (cricket chirps) Ugh! (laughing) whoa! Yikes. (chuckles) ugh. Another moment I want to talk to you about, uh, With ben in taiwan, Where you were going to eat some rice, Which is normally pretty easy, but this was not so easy. Have you used these before? No. How do they get the rice in there? I don't get it. I don't get it either. I still don't get it. Okay, you go first. You just keep cracking it? (chuckles) like, banging the stick on the ground. (laughs) Oh. (gasps) (singsongy) oh. (thudding) A great moment, Maybe a little embarrassing for you as a dancer,  Was tai chi. You and Ryan, this moment, (chuckles) and then what happened? (whispers) oh, (bleep). (inhales deeply) (laughs) this is so embarrassing. I got a toe cramp. I got a really bad foot cramp. (laughs) I couldn't hide it. My face was, like... (chuckles) Trying to do tai chi like that. Oh. Are you okay? I got a really bad one. (laughs) you know, like, when you get those toe cramps? (laughs) Because they don't hurt. They just feel weird. (laughs) It's like, what is my toe doing? Well, the best is Ryan, being the gentleman he is,  Is, like, trying to help, but it's not really helping, and... Sorry. (laughs) Yeah, my toe-- my foot really hurts,  And I'm, like, shaking it, so he doesn't see it. One thing I love about hosting this show is There's certain moments that we don't catch, but the viewers catch it. Case in point--hong kong. I come to your room to tell you about bentley. Hi. Can I come in? What are you doing here? There was something on the table That caught viewers' eyes. Do you know what that was? Was it the fruit bowl? (laughs) it was more of the banana On the table. Oh, no. What-- I didn't notice that. I was too caught up with everything else. There were--and I-- to this-- Oh, no. Was it two oranges and a banana or something? Now to this day, I'm guessing it was the--someone in our crew Having fun... (gasps) And left it there taunting people. Peoplelectually noticed th? Yeah. Another moment that viewers caught that we did not-- After bentley left, very emotional, You crawled into bed. (crying) Uh-huh. There was something on your nightstand. What? I don't know what to do. When you crawled into bed,  There was a jar of vaseline... Oh, yeah. (laughs) on your bedside table. (chuckles) You know what's so funny? I put vaseline on my lips As chapstick. Okay. I was like, do you want to explain that? I have this weird thing with vaseline. I love to coat my face with vaseline before bed. Your face or just your lips? Like, my lips, but then also a little bit on the outside. Like, I just-- You don't want to sleep next to me, That's'sll I'm saying. What if someday you end up with a man... Mm-hmm. And then he rolls over to kiss you, he's like pfft! He, like, slides off. Yeah. Vaseline. I might downgrade to just plain chapstick soon. So a lot of great moments, uh, seen, unseen. I know there was some drama and I know-- But we had a lot of good times and lot of laughs along the way. Definitely. Hopefully, hopefully, This will all turn out for the best. Thanks for stopping by. Thanks, Chris. (cheering) Well, when we return, we'll take an exclusive sneak peek At the exciting new season of bachelor pad." Yeah. It is amazing. And then the men of the bachelorette" Will be right here onstage, and they have plenty to talk about. Who really fell for ashley? Who didn't? And what was really up with that bentley guy anyway? All that and more When the bachelorette: The men tell all" returns. (cheering) ♪ If you'd like to date The next bachelor or bachelorette, Go to bachelor.Abc.Com and click apply." Welcome back to t"t bachelorette: The men tell all." What happens to the menand e On the bachelor" or bachelorette" And have to leave with broken hearts? Well, there's a special home for them. It's called bachelor pad." Let's take a special sneak peek At what will be the summer's most exciting show-- The second season of bachelor pad." (cheering) Kasey : you're not a good person, jake. Nobody in that room likes me. Until the doors are closed. You guys all had a preconceived notion of who I was. Nest to god, I really think it's (bleep). Are you trying to screw things up with me? Because I will punch you in the face over and over and over again until I break your frickin' nose. I swear to god, all hell's gonna break loose. (crying) graham backstabbed meme but I'm not losing my friend because of something like this. (crying) god, I can't take it anymore. I just can't. Come here. (bleep) this place. Hold on. Here. Hold on. Hold on. No, this is (bleep), this game. (voice breaking) it's worth much more than 250 grand, You know, so... (exhales deeply) "bachelor pad" is back. Hi! The hottest, sexiest, Most outrageous bachelors and bachelorettes Have returned for a second chance at love... Woman : I cannot believe how hot these men look. (graham) there's definitely some crazy sexual chemistry Going on between the guys and the girls. Plus, a chancewin a quarter of $1 million. Woman : oh, you guys look so hot over there. They're all moving back into the mansion and sleeping under one roof. (jake) jake, the bachelor, is back. The game has now changed. This season, there will be backstabbing betrayals... Someone needs to go down there D tell him what a... (bleep) he is, besides me for once. Someone needs to stick up for me for once. Dark secrets... (gia) vienna is very manipulative, and vienna can fool people. Love triangles... (ella) she wants to feel that passion. She wants to find out what's m msing in her life. There will be passion and romance. Ohmy god! That is awesome! Devastating breakups... (gia) she didn't think about my feelings. I'm an emotional wreck right now. Of course, there will be tears... (crying) Tears... (crying) And more tears. (crying) (crying) this is not for me. Woman : I feel guilty for that. (sniffles) This is crazy. (crying) Woman : I feel so hurt by everybody. Welcome back to a brand-new season of bachelor pad." Woman : in the middle of drama and chaos, You can still find love, and that should make everyone hopeful. Whoo! Woman : the dates are gonna get more interesting now Because they're gonna involve overnights and fantasy suites, So things are gonna start to get a little spicy around here. (holly) we've already been through so much. (laughs) Man : oh, I'm feeling the love. Woman : mm-hmm. You and holly-- I guess I just feel like There's something still there with you guys. Woman : Michael and holly were together for two years. They were engaged. Holly broke off the engagement. I still love the (bleep) out of you, holly. I really do. (sniffles) and I miss you. And now it's gotten to the point Where she's all about blake, and she doesn't really acknowledge mimi too much. Michael and I are never gonna get back together, you know? I have had a great time today. I'm not going back to that house. Michael seems absolutely devastated. You can just look at his face and see that he's upset. Blake will get what is coming to him. Karma is a bitch... Mm-hmm. And it always comes back. (melissa) I have been attracted to blake From the first night that I met him, but you can't be hooking up with me all night, Telling one girl one thing, and doing something else with another girl. That was so disrespectful and disgusting. Holly's disgusted, I'm disgusted, and the whole house is disgusted, and you're smiling. (ella) she is, like, an emotional train wreck, A loose cannon about to just blow up. You're a scumbag. You lie, you cheat, you have no conscience. Like I said the other day, you're a sociopath, and this is going to trash you. (blake) any time people couple up, they can become a threat. (graham) I think michelle is great. You know, I got a crush on her, and I couldn't have asked For a better person to be partnered with here. (michelle) graham and myself, Kasey, vienna, and ames and jackie Are all really solid couples. (vienna) kasey and I are one of the biggest targets Because we're such a strong couple. I don't understand why you keep throwing the jake thing out. I don't want to be here. You swore to me that you would protect me, and all you've been doing is Getting mad at me about everything. If you wanna go home, we can go home right now. Let's pack your bags, and let's go home. It's funny. She called jake a fame whore, but she's more of a fame whore than jake is. She likes to be the center of attention, She likes to be the... Have the fame" on her, like, that's just how she is. Yeah, I get it. You were jake's fiancee. That was a year ago. Get over it. Show me the money. That's all I'm after. If I had to choose between kasey or $250,000... (laughs) My poor boyfriend. I'm doing this to win the money. Whew. (jake) vienna has said some of the most awful, hurtful, Just terrible things about me in the media. Jake, you did make it, man. Good to see you. How are you? When he walks in the door, he's gonna pretend To be this genuine, nice, sweet guy... Yeah. But that man is a monster. (gia) vienna is making up rumors and making up lies To make people form judgments against jake. So what's gonna happen If he comes strolling through the door? If kasey had the chance, he'd probably kick jake's ass. Woman : there he is. (jake) vienna, unfortunately, has fed kasey With a bunch of lies. Kasey : if jake ends up showing up at the house, It's g gna be tough for me, 'cause there's nothing more in me That wants to reach out and just punch him across the face and say, "that's for america. That's for my girlfriend." Next Monday night, It's a special event you won't want to miss-- The season premiere of bachelor pad." (cheering) Are you kidding me? I'll definitely be watching that show. There are actually a couple of our bachelor pad" cast members In the audience with us tonight, So please say hello to justin rated 'r,'" Michelle money, and the man that will guard and protect all our hearts, Kasey. (cheering) It really is a phenomenal show. Don't miss the dramatic premiere of bachelor pad," Next Monday night, right here on abc. All right, when we return, We'll meet the guys Who tried but failed totoin ashley's heart. And why did bentley lead ashley on,  And should she have figured it out sooner? There's a lot more to come On the bachelorette: The men tell all." (cheering) Welcome back to the bachelorette: The men tell all." Well, we'v'vhad it all this season-- Jealousy, romance, rage, conflict. Now it's time to talk about it. Your favavite men of the bachelorette" are back, and they have a lot to say. Let's welcome the fellas-- Nick... Mickey... West... Chris... Lucas... Tim... Jeff... Stephen... Ryan m... Matt... Blake... William... Ames... Constantine... Ben c... And Ryan p. All right, welcome back, guys. Good to see you again. I want to talk about the first night. So tell people what it's like. Ryan, you get out of the limo, the lights, ashley, You're trying to make a good impression--what's that like? You pull up, and everyone's behind all the cameras, and ashley's standing here. She looks like she's glowing, and--and the heart's going a million miles an hour. I think everyone here would agree with me on that one. And, uh, and you're off. You're off on a journey that, uh... (chuckles) Is, uh, something that'll change you forever. I have to admit, I kind of had a crush on ashley Before I even came on the show. So when the limo pulled up, she looked absolutely beautiful, and I was just frozen, pretty much, when I saw her, but it was a good--good frozen. Women : aw! Oh. William, are you nervous that first night? Extremely nervous. You kinda almost wanna drink a little too much. (laughter) Really? No. That was too easy. I'm sorry. It's all right, Chris. Just to recap, tim got a little schnockered on night one... I think that's putting it lightly. And took a little nap. Do you remember the guys Coming to get you into the cab? On the way home? Anything? No. I mean... So... Chris, I just feel like I just met 15 other guys, Like, you know, I'm--I'm, like, a fan of the show now, and I'm, like, looking at them all, like, Oh, my god. There's mickey. I'm sitting next to ththmask, you know. Meeting them for the first time all over again. Yeah, you know? That was definitely one of the lighter moments Of night one, but things definitely kicked up a notch. You know, it happens every year. You throw 25 guys into a house, add a beautiful bachelorette, Things are bound to get a little out of control. ♪ (ames) wow. She looks amazing. She looks gorgeous in person. She looks like a little sweetheart. Can't wait to actually meet her. Man : yeah! Man : all right! 25 guys all competing for a woman's attention. Can I steal you? Yes, of course you can. All right. All right. Feelings are gonna get intense. It's gonna be ugly. (man) whoa. Look at this guy. (organ playing) What's up? (tim) who the (bleep) is that? (gruff voice) hello. My name is jeff, and I am the mask. What if you ripped off the mask? Ha ha! (laughs) Man : joke's on you. He is exposed! I didn't see why the maskk was necessary. It's hard to take him seriously. Is this for real? Yeah. Move somewhere else. The e y in the mask is a (bleep) weirdo. Does it bother you? It doesn't bother me. I just don't want you nowheres near me. Man : what-- has tim been boozin'? Man : yeah, he's pretty drunk. Tim had some drinks. Uh, I think he had a few too many. I tell ya, I'm, like, I'm getting ready to, like, Have some, like, really good fight. I don't understand Why he would come all this way to get trashed. It just doesn't make any sense to me. Come here. Do you wanna dance? (laughs) Something's gonna happen tonight. (man, singsongy) drama! Yeah, it's a aeady started. Yeah. Man : wow. (snoring) (chuckles) Tim? Tim? Man : oh! Man : come on, man! (crowd shouting indistinctly) (blake) Ryan--he just has a different personality. Clearly likes to just kinda irk everybody. I'm sorry. I I gonna steal her for really quick. (imitates british accent) hello! I'm captain bachelorette! I really truly believe in making the world a better place. He's the guy that's 95% full of (bleep). What are you smiling about? You're so smiley. I'm sorry. What is there not to smile about? You're so smiley. It's like--it's, like, it's you right here in front of me. (william) he's a unique individual. I don't have that security with myself To be that guy that is bouncing off the walls, and that's just who he is. Yeah, that's me, for sure. I think Ryan's-- he's just a big kid. He's just a goober. Goober! Goober! Goober! (laughs) If you guys want to really get something and win it, you just gotta go for it. You just gotta get out there and take it. William is much more aggressive, and that just-- that irritates me. Ben c. And william. "two men, one rose. One stays, one goes." I personally find him to be a little bit aggravating and--and annoying. I can't stand him. It's the thunderdome date-- two men enter, one man leaves. We'll see what happens. Ben c. Told me he signed up for a dating web site Rather than building a connection with ashley. So my strategy is to be the bibiest... (bleep). I believe that he's ready to go home. From what I've heard around the house, He's looking forwardrd to the dating web sites When he gets off here. How do you know that? He's talked to the guys about it. (singsongy) I wonder what's gonna happen. Ben, I'm gonna be sending you home right now. (william) have a good day. Talk to you later. (snaps fingers) ♪ I'm a jerk, I'm a jerk ♪ (chuckles) (laughs) Wow. So where do we start? Uh, ben, you're not laughing or smiling too--too much. No, um... Okay, let's get it all out in the open. Did you say you can't wait to get back to the dating? I-I don't remember specifi- specifically saying anything. (nick) I never heard him. I don't know about anybody else. Yeah. I heard him say it, 'cause it--and it was right in front Of J.P., 'cause he asked J.P. If he had ever been On a certain web site and done that and if he hasn't-- (mickey) J.P.'s not here to defend that conversation. No, no, I know, but I'm just saying-- My question--my question is why? Why did you say it? To protect ashley. No, you didn't'tyou were protecting yourself. (ben) Chris, can I follow up? Yeah, ben, go ahead. I'm gonna clarify something, which is if wil-william Really wanted to convey to ashley some real information About my feelings about ashley,  Then he would have told her, "ben said this about you And about his feelings for you." This--this minor joke that he overheard-- That--that's not protecting ashley. That was purely designed a-as some sort of undercut. So I guess the question for you-- After it's all said and done... Yeah. You've had time to think about this-- If you could go back to that moment, that date, Would you change it? Would you do it differently? I wouldn't. I would still tell her what had happened. She asked for my honest opinion about the guys in the house. I spoke about each of the guys-- w-william, why-- why didn't you tell her What we were talking about-- I think I'm still talking. But I spoke about everything-- about all the guys. And the one that stood out was, you know, With everything that happened with bentley, and I can't lie to a girl, so I told her. This is a girl that I care about and I wanna see what happens, and-- (constantine) do you feel like-- I think--I think it was... At that point, we did not know what happened. It was a situation where you felt like you were in a hole. You felt like--to me, you were in a hole after vegas. And you--you were, like, digging it deeper and deeper and deeper, and, like, at this point, you're in chiang mai, You hit the wall, man. Like, you were--you grew your hair out. You were pissed you couldn't change your shirt. Grew my hair out? Your hair grows no matter what. You spiked it up like-- you spiked it up like a, You know, whatever, but... I needed a haircut, so I put it out. But I'm saying, like, you lost it, and, like, you tried to pull him out with you. You just--you know, I mean, it didn't make sense. Yeah, do you think that there were conversations That you had in that house that you would not like For those to be brought out of the house? Yeah, I mean, there was conversations That everybody had. Point made. (constantine) there you go. (mickey) point made. There you go. There was one guy in particular, Especially as the show went on, and we started traveling, That really seemed to fire you guys up, and it was Ryan. Ryan, were you surprised by that? I've never really been in a place before Where people have said, "gosh, you're, you know, you're annoying" Or--or even question my genuine, you know, if I'm genuine or not. Quite a growing experience, but look, after watching the show, I would have to say, yeah, I gotta own up to it, I was a bit over--overexcited when I got nervous. I mean, just too much, almost like, spastic. Lu-lucas, I want to bring you in, Because you seemed to be the most outspoken. What was it that just drove you guys so crazy about him? Well, Ryan, we thought you were putting on this show, and you were, like, just too much, and it was just digging into my side. Every time you were just jumping up and down, and you have a vertical I've never seen, you know, Just... (makes whooshing sound) you know? Yes. I kinda considered you Kinda like a camp counselor, you know? Like, you were just really happy. No, Ryan, is like the human equivalent of a puppet. 's just annoying, so... Okay. Oh, no, no, no. My question is, though, Why attack him for his personality? You know what I'm saying? And I-I agree with that entirely. Like, why would you go and talk to her and rat him out? That's the same as william running... Man : yeah. And--and ratting ben c. Out. If, uh... (man speaks indistinctly) If there's one thing that every viewer talked about this season, It's the mask. Jeff... Yes? Your thoughts on--on going into this With that idea of the mask getting out, What were you thinking? What were your thoughts? I didn't realize going into the house that-- Like, I knew I wanted To probably wear it the whole night. And I thought, how hilarious would it be If I was wearing a mask, Standing up in the rose ceremony? I just want to say, for wearing a mask, I think you're kind of an idiot. Um, honestly. (nick) okay, time-out. It's his gimmick, right? Out of the limo, it's his... Man : yeah. I read a poem, he tried to kiss her, People took pictures, right? Okay? Yeah. If you thought it was so stupid, Then you should've been patting him on the back, Saying, "keep that on. You're looking great, bud." (Chris d.) I did. I did. I let him know. You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? He should've kept it on. No, the thing is... (man speaks indistinctly) Unless you're a dance troupe in vegas, Like a jabbawockee, then I think you can rock a mask. Otherwise, I'd say leave it at home. (tim) Chris, when I grew up.. (laughs) Halloween in my neighborhood... (laughs) I I uld go out with, like, armor So I wouldn't get egged. When I see a mask, It freaks me out. You know, it--it--it's... It's not your thing. The way I went about, you know, attacking him and--and being completely disrespectful was not right. The mask is still creepy-- don't get me wrong, but... I appreciate it, guys. We're just getting started here. We have a lot more to talk about. Up next, he thought he was the clever one in the house, but he wound up being rejected by ashley-- It's william's turn to get roasted Right here in the hot seat. And then, did bentley play these guys As much as he played ashley? We'll find out later When the bachelorette: The men tell all" returns. (cheering) (cheering) Welcome back to the bachelorette: The men tell all." One guy almost married ashley on his first date in vegas, but it was all downhill from there. I'm talking about william. Come join me in the hot seat, man. What's up, buddy? Have a seat. Yeah, man, you literally said "I do" on your first date. You almost married the woman. But before we talk about it, let's take a look at it. Hey. Hi. How are you? Good. . W are you? Finally getting to see ashley, She looks absolutely breathtaking. I have literally thought of a thousand things I wanted to say when I got out of that limo. Okay. I can't think of a single one. That's okay. I'm--I'm excited that it's you. I wasn't nervous at all until I got out of the limo, and then my heart just started beating A thousand times a minute. Whoo! This looks amazing out here. When I'm with ashley, I feel the way That I've always wanted to feel with somebody. She seems like the perfect girl for me. It's kinda romantic, don't you think? Kind of? This is insane. She's smart, she's a woman who knows what she wants. I'm not a lawyer. I'm not a doctor. . Don't save lives. I don't--I don't need you-- I don't need you to be that. I like that. I've always wanted to be a standup comedian. That's what I've always wanted to do. Really? Yeah. Well, I think you'd be really good. I could definitely see myself marrying this girl. She's the one. (jeffrey ross) william holman, everybody. (cheering) Ashley, so beautiful, so gorgeous, So used. They say one man's trash is another man's treasure. (audience boos) I mean, I thought I was signing up To be with Emily or chantal, and then ashley's here. Really? Who gives a (bleep)? (audience boos) Ashley : william highlighted my biggest insecurity coming here. (voice breaking) the truth is I'm scared that me being here is a letdown to the guys and that they had really high expectations and that I'm not meeting them. We had such a great first date, and, you know, we had a little bit of a downfafa, and tonight, I was really looking for that spark again, and I just don't think that it's there. I'm gonna walk you out. (william sighs deeply) the feeling I have right now... Oh, my god. It's a feeling of being a loser. I am the world's-- The world's biggest (bleep) jackass. I'll probably just end up Slipping back into that dark hole that I have again, and slide the rock over the top. I just wanna curl up in bed now and just not wake up. You can't even watch that. I-I honestly haven't. I watched the first episode. That's all I've watched. I mean, I'm--I'm sitting here watching you. You can't watch it. You're covering your ears. You can't listen to it. Just to see yourself say those things, That, I mean, it's embarrassing. So... Yeah. Honestly, I-I can't watch it. I can't see myself on TV. I can't listen to myself. I hate the sound of my own voice. I could see-- I mean, I'm watching you, and I could--I could see the emotion in your eyes  About how much it hurts you to see yourself act like that. I mean, it was a really rough time. I-I did make an ass of myself, but, um, I-I can't change what happened. I can only change myself going forward. What really stood out to you As--as big mistakes along the way? The roast was a mistake. You know, I... I definitely wasn't thinking it's c cpliment hour, and all the guys did the roast well. They didn't pull punches at ashley. They pulled punches at each other. And--and I went... I mean, it was-- it was not--not smart. I mean, if I could do it differently, Uh, I would have done it A little bit more tastefully, obviously. All right, I have a question. Um, who did you want the bachelorette to be? I was happy with ashley being the bachelorette. You were happy with the bachelorette? What are you getting at, nick? Why did he say that? The roast was a roast. I mean, when I said, "Emily, chantal," that's what-- But why are we here? 'cause none of us can find a girl to date. We're not-- 'cause we're all single. We're not--true. (laughs) true. I mean... (laughs) first of all, that was... Woman : whoo! (nick) true. Tououe. Touche. Why couldn't you have those lines? (laughter) That was perfect. You put nick in his place. It was funny and self-deprecating at the sam. Perfect. Live in that. Live in there, okay? (laughter) Ashley's here today. Um, she'll be coming out a little bit later. What do you wanna say to her? The only thing I want her-- The only thing I wanna say to her is to just know that... She's a great girl, and there was no malice in what I said during the roast, and--and I just want her to know That she's-- she's a grgrt person. She--she was a great bachelorette. She's found loveve a-and good for her. I'm happy for her. Well, , e good news is It seems like you've learned a life lesson from all of this. Oh, yeah, definitely. And to see how I a aed with ashley, To see those kind of things, it makes you cherish life and not want to be a jackass. Well, I know this was the first time you saw and heard A lot of this stuff, and I know it was tough, So I appreciate you coming up here, sitting in the hot seat. William, everybody. I appreciate it. All right, when we return, women across america love this man, but there was just something about him That drove the other guys crazy. It's Ryan p., and he'll join me in the hot seat. And later, we'll hear from the woman of the hour. It's ashley. And some of your favorite bachelors and bachelorettes Talk about the biggest controversies of the season. Deanna, jason, and ali are back. It's all coming up When the bachelorette: The men tell all" returns. (cheering) (cheering) Welcome back to the bachelorette: The men tell all." Ryan p., the solar entrepreneur With a very sunny disposition, Was a big hit with ashley from the moment He stepped out of the limo that very first night. He got the first impression rose and was a front-runner from the start,  But when it came time to meet Ryan's family,  Ashley said good-bye. Ryan, come and join me, man. (cheering) Hey, buddy. Good to see you. Have a seat. It did seem that ashley was very taken with you, Even if the guys didn't love you to death in the house, but it seemed like your relationship with ashley Was fantastic right up until the time she said good-bye. So before we get your side of it, I wanna take a look. Whoa! (laughs) Wow. (Ryan p.) it was undeniablbl I stepped out of that limo, and immediately could feel a spark, a chemistry. I had no idea she would be so beautiful. I just gotta tell you that Out of everybody that could potentially be here, I am so excited that you're here. Really? Yeah. She just seems fun and real, and I just wanna be closer to her. I really want to give this to you, and I hope you'll accept it. I will absolutely accept. Receiving the first impression rose Feels awesome. She sees something in me, and I feel something in her, So I need to get a one-on-one date with ashley. I need to spend the time with her. Have I talked to you about water heaters? No. Okay. So water heaters-- Most water heaters throughout the country, They have big tanks, right? Okay. Mm-hmm. You're sitting in your garage or whatever With the water heater. Okay. You know, you take your shower or whatever, You take too long of a shower, it runs out of water. But your water heater heats it all day. What's it doing right now as you're away? It's heating water. Right. (ashley) Ryan's so great. He's gorgeous, smart, successful, Has such a positive outlook on life, but I really feel like I'm still waiting for that moment, For me to really feel like there could be a relationship there. Like, you u e my perfect guy. In my head, you're my perfect guy, and I think I was looking to see if there was that romance there. And, you know, I've been looking r it and looking for it, and I just-- I'm not feeling that. You don't wanna see my-- meet my family and... I respect you so much that I don't want to put you through the rose ceremony. (exhales deeply) (groans) I- I'm shocked. I felt like she was the one for me. I don't want to be alone. I want to find a partner That shares the same joy in life that I do and wants to be a great... (voice breaking) mother, and I want to be a great Dad. And I will be. 
 
 (cheering) Man. You know, for a guy who, uh, was, you know, "annoying" For being so happy and so positive, That was one of the most emotional, devastating exits, You know, we've seen. Obviously, it caught you off guard. Yeah. I mean, I kinda got the short end of the stick. Right. You know, things are going well, and by the time I finally got my first date, You know, both ben and J.P. Had each had, You know, a second date. You know, heading up to the dinner, It wasn't a complete blindside at dinnertime. I thought I was gonna-- we were gonna go onward, but I felt that she was starting to pull back a little bit. When you watch it back now, you can see, Yeah, she was tuning out a little bit and pulling back a little bit, as you saw. (chuckles) who wouldn't tune out? I'm talking about water heaters, for gosh sakes. (laughter) (laughs) I mean... Regret that conversation, do you? Well, you know, on the spot, I mean, She says teach me something environmental," I'm obviously not gonna talk about solar, you know... Right. I'm not gonna talk about lights. We all know. Yeah. Done it enough. Sorry, guys. Call me skeptical or playing the devil's advocate, My only problem is, you and I had Roughly the same amount of time with her, okay? And I don't know. Maybe your conversations had a lot more depth than mine. (man clears throat) it's possible. But... Well?? To--to walk away and be so completely devastated When--when this girl says no, thank you," I-is surprising to me. Well-- and--and one last thing is You kept saying "I want to find love. "I'm 31. When is it gonna happen for me? When--it'll happen for me. I just need the love." I-it wasn't "I need ashley." "I need love," you know? So that's what makes me think That it's kind of interchangeable. Going into the show, I actually bought multiple books. Um, I bought a book on questions to ask before you get engaged, Questions to ask before you get married, and a book of fabulous questions. Read 'em cover to cover, Made pages upon pages of notes... Man : that's true. And nick will back me up on this and so will ben c. (ben c.) he read them in our room. Pages on pagesesf notes. So when I sat down with her, I'm asking questions To her about family, lifestyle, You know, I mean, the deepest of questions. So my time with her--I mean, I don't know what yours was, but mine was very, very real and to the point, To the real value. So you're saying dating is like a math test today. No, I'm--I'm saying that... You studied for it. Hey, I'm the first guy who said of my past relationships That I didn't put everything into it. I came into this putting everything on the line. So you read books to get ready for this? Well, yeah. I-I mean, I helped-- I-I believe it helped really focus me and think about the things that are important to me. Um, I also kept a journal. And I've been keeping a journal for years, but, um, and really thinking about what--what are those... (man speaks indistinctly) You know, the things that are really important. Moving forward, How do you find love? (chuckles) I-I believe that when you're truly ready, The right person will come along, and the law of attraction will take place, and somehow, some way, Um, it's gonna happen. Well, I appreciate you coming up here. Ryan, everybody. (cheering) Coming up, it's the man who fought hard for ashley's love and got hit in the face and sent to the hospital for it-- Ames, it's gonna be your turn in the hot seat. And then a few bachelors and bachelorettes From seasons past are here. That's right. Deanna, jason, and ali-- They're gonna share their thoughts with ashley About her dramatic journey to find love. It's all coming up right here On the bachelorette: The men tell all." (cheering) Welcome back to the bachelorette: The men tell all." I'm Chris harrison. From the start, ames fought for ashley's heart with sincerity, Awkward charm, and ultimately, with his fists. Unfortunately, he lost on all fronts, and ashley sent him home. Ames, come join me in the hot seat. (cheering) Hi, buddy. Good to see you, man. Thank you very much. Have a seat. Wow. (women screaming) Wow, wow. Thank you. (screaming continues) thankss (mouths words) what... Come on. Wow. (scrcrming continues) Who knew? (chuckles) Seriously, we're gonna have to restrain some women back here. Wow. (chuckles) what do you make of all this? I'm as surprised as you are, Chris. (chuckles) but... I can't complain. My god. What is it that has drawn this attention to you? I really have no idea. Um... Ashley said a bunch of times on our dates that I was, like, unique and different, and I thought maybe that was a general way of saying, "this isn't working," but I guess I just hope that Whatever is unique and different about me, you know, Appeals to someone. Definitely unique, and you came on here very sincere to find love With ashley, and it seemed like you were doing just that. You even fought for this woman. Absolutely. Before we talk about it, let's take a look. ♪ Hello. Hi. I'm ames. I'm ashley. Nice to meet you, ames. Very nice to meet you. I knew from the moment I talked to ashley, That there was something special there and that this was gonna work. I feel like we're on the titanic" or something. Yeah. Ames is a romantic, and he is charming. I love that he is spontaneous. I can definitely see a really exciting life with ames. ♪ (crowd shouting) Oh! Man : oh, my god. Man : did you see that? Wow. So how are you feeeeng? Totally a little disoriented, but... Okay. Totally happy to... Ames just looks for the best in every situation. Even with a concussion, he's so positive. He just grabs the good and runs, and I love that about him. (audience cheering) (laughter) (woman in audidice) yes! (elevator bell dings, doors open) (man speaking Asian language) That was not expected. (laughs) Oh, shoot. (elevator doors s ose) (audience cheering) So good to see you! How are you? (ames) ashley is the perfect woman. She's just got a really great attitude, and is a charming, elegant woman. You know, you're like no other guy. There's this italian renaissance way of being romantic. They call it sprezzatura," which is where It's the best when the ordinary is extraordinary. I am falling deeper and deeper in love with ashley, and we could have a great life together. Constantine. That was so bad. That was so bad. (ames) it's gonna be painful for me to, uh, take. I sort of risked everything and put absolutely everything out there, Invested my heart and soso... (engine starts) 100%. And in the end, it wasn't enough. This hurts because I've fallen in love with somebody Who clearly did not fall in love with me back, and... I feel pretty numb at the moment, so... It's difficult because I thought I might have found it, but, in fact, I guess not. (cheering) You just said while you were watching that, You didn't see that coming. It was a total shock. You know, I took it pretty slow with ashley, and... That's because I wanted our relationship To last forever. (woman in audience) aw! Ashley, I thought, suited me perfectly and made me feel so good. I wasn't gonna rush it. Were you really able to kind of Block out the other relationships? 'cause you felt so good about yours? I really didn't pay attention To the other relationships around us. I was so really into her and loving getetng to know her, and I didn't feel like we were off. And I guess--I guess if I had had her perspective, I would have seen that I was behind. But everything we did felt really natural and great. You really saw yourself ending up with this woman. Absolutely, and... My experience with her-- Though it was very, very painful to end, Uh, made me a better person, and I'm grateful to know her. And I just want her to be happy now. It turns out--and this probably isn't breaking news to you-- But you kind of suck at boxing. (laughter) point taken. Yet you still climbed into the ring and gave it, You know, the old college try. Absolutely. I just can't imagine as part of my romantic journey,  Pummeling some other guy To get the woman that I'm falling in love with. Sorry, ames. (laughter) In the vein of giving it all up for love, You're a special guy, so I have a little something. I usually don't do this. Oh, my goodness. But I brought you a gift. Chris, you shouldn't have. I shouldn't have, I know, but I had to--I had to do this. Um, these are for you. Oh, my god. Wow. Here you go. Thank you so much. (cheering) Now... Uh-oh. Those are not to be used. Just keep them as a memento of what you gave up for love. Absolutely. Or, if you want, what we will allow you to do is put them on and take one free shot at Ryan. Bring it. (laughter) I like that. The good news, For those of you who love ames, and there's a couple of you here, You are a cast member on bachelor pad 2." (cheering) Ames, thanks, buddy. I appreciate it. Sure. Good to see you again. All right, when we return, It's time to talk about the man america loves to hate-- The biggest villain in bachelel" history. And, look, that's saying a lot, considering rated r" Is sitting right over here. P. It's time to talk about bentley. And then ashley--gonna join me right here in the hot seat. All that's coming up on the bachelorette: The men tell all." (cheering) (cheering) Welcome back to He bachelorette: The men tell all." Okay, it is finally that time. I knkn all of america's been waiting for this. Let's talk about bentley. (audience booing) A lot of opinions about this guy. Before we get to that, let's take a look At his controversial journey through the show. I would love the bachelorette to be Emily. I'm ready to meet her. Hey. (laughs) Even though I'm not overly attracted to ashley, I'm very competitive, So if the competition makes it exciting In competing for her, then that's the extent In terms of my interest in her. She's just not my type. Are you ready to start something new? I think, uh, I'm definitely in a healthy spot. If I wasn't, I woulul't be here. I wouldn't be, you know, away from everything that I have Back at home, including my daughter. Yeah. So.... I mean, you seem like really genuine, you know? Like, I like that. Well, thanks. Ashley's diggin' what I'm putting out. It's fun and games for me. You have everything. Are you kidding me? (chuckles) I'd be lying to everyone if I'm like, yeah, I'm in this, Like, till the end. You know? Like, I'm gonna ride this out for two months. There's no way I'm gonna last that long. Guys, I'm going home. Wanted you guys to know that. It's just kinda come to a point where I can't be away from my daughter anymore, and, uh, give you guys a hug. See you, dude. These tools-- like, these freaking idiots-- They believed me. Best of luck, gents. Take it easy, buddy. All of the guys know that I'm the front-runner Because they see my connection with ashley. Make it happen. None of 'em have an ideaeahat I don't care about ashley. Later, guys. Best of luck, seriously. I had the opportunity, and I played everyone. That's something that's never been done before, So... (voice breaks) of course I want you to go see your daughter. But if it was up to me, I would bring her here, you know? (sniffles) I'm just scared, really scared. It's like, you know, your daughter has your heart, but I think right now you have mine. And I don't... I don't know if this is gonna work for me now. It's annoying to just hold a girl that's just crying and crying... And crying. (sniffles) Things could have turned out differently If the bachelorette was Emily. That's still tough to watch. Um... Before we start, I do wanna clear something up. We did invite bentley to come here today. In fact, we worked very hard to try to make it possible  Since he should be able to explain himself,  But, unfortunately, he declined. So with that said, I wanna open it up to you guys. What do you think when you see that and you hear all that? Anybody that can go out and deliberately Say and act the way that he did, It was like, you know, the guy had a game plan going in. I think that was crappy, You know? Because he's leading her on. He's sitting there making her think that he's interested, and in reality, he doesn't give a crap. You know, and that-- and that screws all of us Because he's taking time away from us. I wasn't a big fan of bentley in the house to begin with, but after watching everything that happened, I mean, what he did to ashley is terrible. To look at some--you know, someone who potentially People are really trying to create a connection with... Yeah. And he just completely trashes it and laughs at it, and knowing that she's gonna watch this, It's a terrible display of humanity. He's a narcissist, a liar, and a coward. Karma's a bitch, my friend. Let's kinda move forward a little bit. Um, hong kong-- when you guys Got a little upset with ashley, Bentley had come back, she told you guys about it, and she kind of admitted to how she was feeling, What she had gone through. Now that you've seen everything and you've seen the kind of guy he is and how he played everybody, Do you blame ashley at all for any of this? We had our natural reactions. It's a--it's a real-- It's a real emotion, and, you know, I remember I got heated for a minute, and then I calmed down. I had a really good conversation with her, and we moved on. After watching it, I truly know now how open her heart was With this whole process, and unfortunately, the wrong guy grabbed it first. Yeah. Um, I just can't believe Somebody could treat a woman like that or just a person. That's just unbelievable to me, so... This was unlike any situation we've ever had In the history of this show. We actually had information on somebody Before the show ever started. Ashley received some text messages From a friend of hers, Someone who she had been on brad's season with. Michelle money sent those text messages. She's with us today, so, michelle, come up here. I wawaa talk to you for a second. (scattered cheering) Hi. Good to see you again. Have a seat. Thank you. Um... Never thought I'd be sitting here. I-I know, and you know what? You know, I told ashley, you know, When she broke the news to me that first night, That she had received text messages from you, What exactly did you say? How did you find out? Take us back to that. Well, it's so hard because you never know What is true and what is not true. Right. And I try to take everything with, like, a grain of salt, but the information that I was given was valid enough, and, um, and hurtful enough that I just made the decision To go ahead and tell her because I would want to know If I were in her place. Right. You know, and I said, "this is what I'm hearing from his ex-wife, and, um, this is kind of his track record. Um, do with that what you will." Was it pretty vague, or were there specifics? You know, it was that he was gonna go To promote his business, That he was not interested in ashley at all. He had a plan. Um, he was only gonna stay a week, and then he was gonna leave, but I think it was more Of a game for him. I don't think it had anything to do with his business. So let me ask you this. Once you saw it all play out, and she didn't heed the warnings... Yeah. And kick him to the curb immediately, and she ended up getting played Exactly like you had predicted. Well, you know what? It's so funny, 'cause I think back, and I think, okay, What if I wouldn't have given her that information? Yeah. Would it--would she have been so drawn to him? Because I don't care what anyone says. Like, we want what we can't have. And-- right. No, I've said e same thing. It was like telling a kid they couldn't have chocolate. Yeah, it's like the second-- exactly. In her defense, like, he is a charmer. Yeah. He is good at what he does. And, you know, she had no idea what he was saying. You know, it's so easy for people to watch this show... Right. And... "how could she do that? How could she be so dumb?" She didn't know. You feel like ashley got kind of unfairly judged The whole time? Absolutely. And you know what? We are all guilty of falling for the bad boy at some point. Um, I think that bentley,fo, Obviously has much deeper issues... Right. For him to deliberately sit in front of a camera and speak the words that came out of his mouth... Right. Is--is so hard to wrap your head around. He owes ashley an apology. He owes a lot of people an apology. Final thoughts on--on him. You know, it's unfortunate that he's gotta call of us tools That were there at the house For, I think, being compassionate people and understanding that what we thought he was leaving, You know, to go home to see his daughter, and see him being so dishonest, I can think of three words to say to him. Go (bleep) yourself. (cheering) He is somebody that, uh, Everybody that watches this show Definitely has an opinion on, So thank you for being here, and, guys... Thank you. Thanks for sharing your opinions on bentley, and ashley will be out here next, and I'm sure she'll have a lot to say about the guy as well. And then some of your favorite bachelorettes and bachelors Are back to have their say-- Deanna, jason, and ali will be right here When the bachelorette: The men tell all" continues. (cheering) (cheering) Welcome back to the bachelorette: The men tell all." I'm Chris harrison. Well, it's been an unpredictable and often heartbtbaking journey for ashley. How does she feel about it all now? What does she really think about bentley? And is she happy? Well, , t's find out. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome ashley! (cheering) Hey! What's up? Hey, guys. How are you? Good to see you. Rubbing it in to these guys By coming out in that dress. No. (laughs) Take that! You guys look good. So good to see all of you. You seem happy. Yeah, no, I am, definitely. You relieved? You just happy that this is almost done? It's coming to a close. It's coming to a close, yeah. Has it been difficult to go back and relive this and watch yourself again? Yeah, I think it-- yeah, it definitely has. I've had my moments of, like, feeling on top of the world, and I've had moments of feeling like... You know, really bad. Yeah. It's been a little bit of everything. Yeah. What's been the lowest part? What's been the toughest part for you? I think seeing how everybody reacted to everything That happened with bentley. Yeah. It's been really hard, and, like, watching-- Figuring it out when everyone else did. Yeah. And feeling like a fool. I didn't mean to upset you again. No, no, , . It's fine. It's fine. Um, yeah, I think just being played on national television, Being called ugly duckling, and, um, People being really hard on me. Yeah. Um... Yeah. I told myself I wasn't gonna get emotional here. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to make you cry. But, no, no, no, no. Um, no, but you know what? The--the hardest part is seeing how much time I wasted. I just--if I could go back, I would change that, you know? I think wasting a lot of time is probably my biggest regret. And I wish that everyone knew just how-- How hard it was and, like, everything that had happened, So I know, like, some people were very emotional about it, and.D. And angry at times, and I completely understand, and I hope you guys will forgive me and know How much I really do care about you-- Each and every one of you, and I'm so g gd that you were a part of this, and I'm so glad that you're here today. So... Yeah. Well, let's open it up to you guys. What-- Blake, you're one of those guys that probably got, uh, Hurt by the distraction of bentley and got caught up in all that. It wasn't so much bentley... Right. But someone else coming back That, you know, had taken themselves out, and--and your words, you know, You admittedly chose them poorly or whatnot, Saying "I've fallen for someone" After such a short amount of time... Mm-hmm. You know, it made me feel foolish, I guess, You know, after seeing the emotion That you have to deal with with everyone and decisions to be made, I feel--I-I can't ologize enough On his behalf for the way that things came out, So I... I'm happy that you're Doing well and smiling, honestly. Thanks, blake. I mean, I do also want to say sosothing. You know, when I said I was falling for him, I mean, looking back, obviously, It was such a bad choice of words, and I really wanna clarify that. Like, very early on, I felt like he could be somebody That I could have had a relationship with Knowing what I knew, but by no means was it over, Because after that, I really opened myself up and got to know every single one of you. And if I would've seen the things he was saying, Absolutely it would've been done. Like-- michelle actually brought upup a good point When we were talking a few moments ago. She said, "you know, I almost wish I hadn't sent Those warnings and those text messages." uh-huh. "maybe she would've just blown the guy off From the beginning and seen who he really was." maybe. But I went with what I felt because I do-- I--that's how I live my life. I meet people, and I use my judgment based on what I know. Right. And I'll never change that. As far as our relationship, I always felt that you were 100% genuine and open with me, and now that I've seen the connection that you have With the other two guys, you know, I get it. Um, but I just wanted to say I feel very fortunate and thankful for getting to spend the time I did with you, and... Thank you. (tim) Chris? Yeah, tim. Tim! You're here! I've been waiting so long. Tim, ashley, ashley, tim. Nice to meet you! (laughs) So nice to meet you. I see you being in the same room. So let me introduce you guys. Nice to meet you, tim. Yeah. I mean, I saw, like, you know, triples last time. (laughgh but all kiddin' aside, I just wanted to say, listen, I really do give you a heartfelt apology For the way I acted the first night. It definitely was not indicative of my behavior, and I just feel like I let everybody across the board down, Including myself. Thanks, tim. I don't think in any way, shape, or form, You looked foolish. Thank you. And, you know, 'cause you could never see what was going on behind the scenes. Thanks, tim. You know, and we've all been there, and I'm just happy that, you know, you're here smiling. (laughs) and, um... I'm not gonna say that I'm rootin' for a guy from new york, but that's just me. (laughter) (cheering) I'm glad you're here. We have much more to talk about with ashley. When we return, three people who very much know What this woman has gone through. They're here to give their thoughts. Deanna, jason, and ali are gonna join us. (cheers and applause) And then it's a closer look At her final two men-- ben and J.P. It's all coming up next When the bachelorette: The men tell all" continues. (cheering) (cheering) Welcome back to the bachelorette: The men tell all." I'm here with ashley. I know it's been a hard season for you, and viewers--I don't think they totally understand Just how difficult this journey can be, So tonight we've got some people here Who can absolutely relate to what you're going through. Please welcome back Bachelorette deanna pappas, Bachelor jason mesnick, and the most recent bachelorette, ali. (cheering) Hello. What's up, girl? How are you? Nice to see you. Good to see you again. You, too. Have a seat. This is a little crazy. It's fine. Having everyone together on the stage. Yeah. Nice family reunion. I like these family reunions. Um, I wanna get right to it. You and I have talked, ali, so I'm gonna start with you About your thoughts of everything That she has gone through. You're our most recent bachelorette. Yeah. Um, this season was really hard for me to watch 'cause I couldn't help but relate To what ashley was going through, and I think, You know, I didn't have the same experience as her. I had similar ones, but I think that sort of fear going in, Thinking, are these guys gonna like me? I'm just a normal girl. I'm a normal girl. Like, I've never felt like I was sexy or desired Or anything like that. I just wanna find love and happiness, and, you know, I think when you go in, You don't know that everyone's gonna be there for you Or wanna be with you, but you know what? It only takes one guy, and that one guy I found, and I hope that you found that one guy... I have to admit, this is really awkward, 'cause in my peripheral vision, There's rated r" and kasey... Ah! (laughs) The guy who obviously had two-on-one dates with you. Yeah, god, that rated r" guy on my season sucked! One guy we left on a glacier. The other guy limped off in istanbul. (jason) wow. (laughter) I know, I know. So... But like she said, It's all about finding that one guy. You said exactly what I'm thinking, but I'm having a hard time verbalizing. Like, I didn't come into it thinking, Oh, I'm super hot, you know, everyone's gonna love me. Like, , m just, you know, I think I'm a good person, and I think that I'm deserving, and I think you said it really well. It is hard. People do not realize what it's like To send someone home that you genuinely care about. Mm-hmm. Not only do you think that they're wonderful men. You have to look at them and tell them that deep down, It's not there, and that's hard. But I think the end product is what's important, and granted, I'm not with the person that I chose, but in the end, through the show, I found someone that I love unconditionally, and it's a beautiful, beautiful thing. Jason, this season, I know you've seen this, and ashley has been criticized for what she went through, and you kinda went through something very similar Where you were criticized so publicly. Do you kind of get that side of it for her? Well, yeah. This is about our experience. All of the audience is watching and, you know, and very critical, but we gotta say, forget all that. This is about what we're living and what we're doing, 'cause our heart and anybody who's watching this Or anybody who goes on this show, Knows what it does to you inside. I mean, and it really, like, it hurts. You're happy. It hurts. You're happy. It's a roller coaster. And it makes us who we are. I mean, as far as relating, I remember going on a date with molly, Who I'm happily marrrrd to now and going, "I don't--like, I think she doesn't even like me." I mean, I know I was talking to the producers Or whoever I was talking to. Yeah. I'm like, either she doesn't like me Or she's uncomfortable on camera, but for that whole day, I had no idea. And those insecurities as a man... Right. Forget everything else. I completely felt 'em. You're right. You do have to look inside, and I think I finally got to a point Where I'm able to do that and be confident in myself and you know, know that everything that happened, As hard and how much criticism I got, It got me to where I'm at right now. And that is, like, the best place I've ever been in my life. So I would do it all over again. And it's-- it's an incredible journey. And it's okay to f fl those ways. Yeah. I mean, I think we need to feel those ways... Yeah. To get, like, all of us. I mean, she dumped me. I mean, I remember that. (laughs) so awkward. Is it still awkward? Come on. No, it's not awkward. But, I mean, I think we all-- everybody, viewers, People on the stage, like, we all have to go through that. That's how we go through life and learn, Find the person we're supposed to be with. Yeah. And don't you think that really is what strikes a chord and why people got angry about bentley? Yeah. Swell, the thing is, it doesn't matter, honestly, ashley, What you did. You had no idea. Yeah. All you u ew is that this guy was treating you great. You had no idea what was going on behind the scenes. Mm-hmm. And I honestly think That you handled it exactly the way you should have. The second he showed you that he wasn't the man That you thought he was, or a good man, You said, "get outta here." Yeah. And I think that shows so much Of who you are.. Thank you. When she finally said good-bye to bentley and had that moment of clarity, That aha" moment in hong kong, What was that moment like when you were watching that? I stood up and started jumping up and down, Arms raising and was so happy for you, ashley, Because as a viewer... Mm-hmm. He was not worthy of everything that you have to give... Mm-hmm. As a mate in a relationship. Viewers, like, applaud her for doing it. Yep. For seeing it. Forget about what, like, forget about what order it happened. Thank you. It's awesome to see you guys again, and I know ashley really appreciates you being here. Thank you, guys. I like these little family get-togethers we have, and as you guys know, you've been there. There were lots of drama this season, but everyone still manages to always have a good time On every season we've ever had. Not all the good times are planned. Let's take a look. Hey, baby. (laughs) Wanna go for a-a swim? Man : wanna go for a jog? Let's go for a job, boys. Man : where's a shake weight when you need one? Whoo! Yeah, I may have peed myself. (hair dryer whirring) Thanks. Check it out. Oh, we got a cat right here, huh? Look at that. (cat yowls) (gasps) oh! Take it easy! Don't-- You guys look really good. I feel good. (belches loudly) Oh, my... Chris H. : no wonder she wouldn't marry you. Ow! (thud) my bad. (boing) ow! Hey, watch the peanuts! Hey. Ah! ♪ You know, I want somebody to take charge, and I feel like if, you know, we're in the boat together, It's gonna be romantic, and then he's gonna be the man just rowing along. (chair squeaking) (laughing) I am so excited about t-t-- I am so excited about t-t-- (blows raspberry) ...That I'm not gonna make the right decision. (blows air) That thing went straight in my eye. (insect buzzes) (laughs) It's on your hair. No! No! (laughs) Is it really? (gasps) (croaking) (shrieks) (croaking) Ah! But... Oh, yes! Oh! Mm! It's gonna come! If it comes, I'm out of here. (speaks indistinctly) (Ryan laughs) (laughter) J.P... Jesus! Where's the bathroom? I've taken the stealth approach. (vacuum whirring) I-I mean, I'll take it off right now. Aren't you gonna tell me I'm beautiful, or no? Ashley : there you go. Ames is... Very robotic. (laughter) (robotic voice) I am ames. I am smarter than everybody in the house times ten. I run for hundreds and hundreds of miles. (normal voice) hey, his head doesn't even move. (laughs) He's programmed to always be nice. "why, thank you." Gentlemen, it's the final rose tonight. When you're ready. Mm. (drumroll) (laughter) (cheering) Oh. (laughs) Chris H. : as deanna said, It's everybody's favorite part of the show, the bloopers. (jason laughs) we do. We have a good time. Yeah. On all of your seasons, we had a great time, and, uh, hopefully we get to a good place at the end of this. And I know you can't tell us how this ends, but are you at least happy? I'm very, very happy. I mean, there's nothing I could say That would explain to everyone, like, where I'm at right now. So I hope everyone just holds out a little bit longer and can share in that enjoyment. Well, I appreciate you being here. And, of course, ali, jason, deanna... (cheering) great to see you guys. Everybody's looking forward to tomorrow night, When ashley will finally choose The man that she hopefully is going to marry. When we come back, We're gonna take a look at the final two bachelors. Who will it be-- Ben or J.P.? Which one will become ashley's husband? It's coming up next On the bachelorette: The men tell all." (cheering) If you'd like to date The next bachelor or bachelorette, Go to bachelor.Abc.Com and click apply." (cheering) Welcome back to the bachelorette: The men tell all." Well, tomorrow night, It's the moment america has been waiting for, When ashley hopefully will decide Which man will be her husband-- Ben or J.P. Who will ashley choose, and will he propose? We'll find out tomorrow night. But for now, Let's take a closer look at these two incredible men. ♪ How you doing? Good. How are you? Wow. That dress is stutuing. You're gorgeous. (laughs) (kisses) thank you so much. What's your name? J.P. J.P., nice to meet you. I'm ashley. Very nice to meet you. Ashley : the first time I saw J.P., I thought he was absolutely gorgeous. He has a smile that could make anybody happy. And I remember thinking, how did I get this lucky? (gasps) No kiss! I'm gonna have to start-- no? What?! (laughs) no, I'm just joking. Ashley : sometimes you don't need 20 dates To know how you feel about somebody. And with J.P., after the first date, I knew things would get pretty serious. Do you think you could see, like, us I ithe future? Like, a normal every day life? I feel--I kind of-- ordering chinese food? Yeah. Like, I kinda feel that's how it is now. Mm. The one-on-one--like, this is the time that I love. You know, the one-on-ones are so real that it's, like, This is what-- this is what I want. Ashley : my relationship with J.P. Is everything I've ever wanted in a marriage. We have this passion for each other, but we also have this magical, unspoken connection Where it's so easy andndt feels like I've known him forever. (laughs) He's such a loyal guy. He's committed. He's gonna be a great family man. And the thing that I love most about J.P. Is just the way he makes me feel. When I'm with him, I don't have a care in the world. He is the total package for me. I wanna meet your family so bad. I can't wait for you to meet them. So, J.P., will accept this rose? Definitely. Hi! (J.P.) when I look at ashley, I see a great woman, A smart woman, a beautiful woman, A great mother, a great friend. (laughs) is that how you do it? Please be careful. Ashley and I balance each other out perfectly. Whenever we're around each other, It's just easy and comfortable and fun. Ooh! (laughs) It's chemistry you can't ignore. It's just there. And it's hard to put into words. It's just... You know that it's right. I can't be without herer I don't want to picture a life without her. Ashley : so do you wanna live in new york or fiji? (laughs) I say we split it 50/50. Although six months here... Yeah, I could get used to it. (J.P.) I am more confident with the direction That this relationship is heading than I have ever been. And I am so ready for everything to be out there, For us to be engaged, and for us to move on with the rest of our lives. ♪ Oh, god! (laughs) Ashley : I just love everything about ben. I'm a winemaker. Very nice! Successful and a great guy. He's funny, gorgeous. Nervous? A little bit. Little? I brushed my teeth, like, eight times today. You know, ben definitely brings out a goofy side in me. How's it coming? Um... (laughs) Whoo! With ben, I feel like I have everything-- All the love, all of his zest for life. Looks good! Yeah! It's a start. No, it's a good start. Okay. Thanks. Ashley : I see ben as a friend, a lover, everything. What? And I feel like He's been my boyfriend for a long time now. What do you think? Um, it's beautiful. (ben) I see myself heading down this path with ashley That I haven't been down in a long time, and it's exciting. I remember and cherish the moments that we-- We're spending together, Kissing you and getting little butterflies in my stomach. Mm-hmm. Those are feelings That I haven't felt in a very long time. From an emotional standpoint, I've been pretty guarded since my Dad died. I haven't told you this, but where I was probably, like, a year ago-- I wasn't emotionally available. Ashley : ben has so many sides to him. I've seen the seriousness, I've seen the emotion, and a little bit of playfulness. You look so cute! You look beautiful. Everything about him screams sexiness to me. The more I get to know him, the hotter he becomes. My back? Your back? I can reach everywhere else, unless you wanna do everything. No, I don't need to do everything, Unless you want me to do it. Yeah, I do. (laughs) do you? Oh, my lord. (ben) this journey has been a breakthrough for me. I kinda found myself again, and in finding myself, I ended up finding a girl that I-I really genuinely care about. Ashley : he has this kind of hunger for life. And I feel like if ben and I ended up together, I think that it could lastst a lifetime. (ben) there's no emotional barriers anymore. The walls have been broken because of ashley. Who would've thunk it? The biggest skeptic of all-- Thth guy. The biggest skeptic of all. I didn't really know what to expect coming into this thing. I as very skeptical of the whole process and everything. And I think as this process has gone on, I've become more open to change and--and ready for this. ♪ Ashley : it is a great love story, This whole journey that's opened him up To the possibility of love. I can see myself with ben, and I can say I'm really falling in love with him. ♪ (cheering) Ben or J.P.? I guess we'll all find out tomorrow night. Guys, thank you so much for being here. It's good to see you again. To our studio audience, thank you, thank you very much. Thanks, guys. Don't forget to watch tomorrow night The unforgettable season finale of the bachelorette." And immediately following, It's our after the final rose" special. And then a week from Monday, It's the exciting season premiere Of bachelor pad 2." (cheering) Thank you so much for watching. For everyone who's been a part of this one, I'm Chris harrison. Good night, everybody. ♪ Coming up tomorrow night, It's the unforgettable season finale Of the bachelorette." Ashley : fiji is so gorgeous. (filtered voice) it's incredible. (filtered voice) beautiful. I came here to find the person That I'm gonon spend the rest of my life with. I am madly in love with you. (J.P.) I've never felt this way about somebody in my life. Look at where we are. (ben) I'm gonna spend the rest of my life with this woman. I never expected this... In a million years? In a million years. I am in love with you. Ashley : I've never felt better than I do right now. I think you're too much for him. What do you mean? I'm much more rational. Yeah. You go based off how you feel, and I'm looking at logistics. Ashley : my conversation with my sister Did not go the way I planned at all. She doesn't want my opinion. She only wants my opinion If it, you know, corresponds with the way she's feeling. I'm trying to protect you from yourself. I feel like you're attacking me. I'm trying to figure it out, but you just come across Like you're being such a bitch. I'm pretty devastated, but after everything I've been through, I'm more scared than ever. Choosing between these two amazing guys, I don't think I can envisionon anything much harder than this. The more I think about this future that I'm envisioning, The more scared I become That it could potentially not come true. It's all coming up tomorrow night On the exciting season finale of... Our bachelor jeff here has donated his mask for charity. So we auction this off right now, Going to the baan san fan orphanage in phuket. $100 right here, ali. $250 right here. Let's go $300. I got $250. I got $300. $600. $600 from rated r." Right--right here. Chris H. : ames? (ames) $1,000 for the mask. Chris, $1,100. $1,200 in the audience. $1,500 for the orphanage. $1,500 from ames. (cheering) $1,500 going once... (drumroll) Going twice... (speaks indistinctly) $2,000. Man : ohh! $2,000?! (mouths word) $2,000 going to the orphanage. Going once, going twice... Sold for $2,000! (cheering) Come here. Deane conley from knoxville, tennessee. Jeff, do the honors. (speaks indistinctly) Chris H. : love this. This is great for the orphanage. $2,000. (cheering) 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 