Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 06x12 - After The Final Rose - The Bachelorette 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 06x12 - After The Final Rose https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=292&t=18289 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/04/10 23:53 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 06x12 - After The Final Rose 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Hello and welcome to the bachelorette: After the final rose." 
 I'm Chris Harrison. 
 Earlier tonight, millions of viewers watched As Ali finally found the man of her dreams... Roberto. 
 He proposed to her, and she happily said yes." 
 But what's happened since that last day in Tahiti? 
 How's the happy couple doing? 
 What about Chris and his emotional good-bye? 
 And, of course, Frank... 
 Well, tonight we're gonna find out. 
 So where do we begin with all this? 
 Well, let's start with our beautiful bachelorette. 
 Ali, come on out. 
 Hello. 
 (laughs) I'm so excited. 
 You look beautiful. 
 Good to see you. 
 Thank you. 
 Come on in. 
 Thank you. 
 Have a seat. 
 (sighs) 
 Well, I see by the smile on your face, you're doing pretty good. 
 I'm doing so great. 
 Are you so happy this is over? 
 You have no idea. I've, like, been counting down the days. 
 Roberto and I have, like, little check, you know, mark calendar. 
 You guys have a calendar you mark? 
 Well, I do, and he just... 
 (laughs) don't out him like that. 
 (laughs) 
 Uh, you got a little, uh, weight on your, uh, hand there. 
 I do. I do. My ring. 
 I love it. 
 The boy... the boy did good. 
 (laughs) yeah. I love... so we can't wait to get you guys back together, and that's gonna happen right here tonight... 
 The first time you and Roberto will see each other publicly Since that proposal day in Tahiti. 
 But first... 
 Frank's unexpected exit in Tahiti Caught everyone by surprise, including yourself. 
 Before we hear the full story about what happened, Let's take a look back at what went wrong Between you and Frank. 
 Frank. 
 Frank : falling in love is the best feeling in the world. 
 Ali and I have a connection that very few people have. 
 It's fun. It's romantic. 
 It's sexy. 
 I mean, it's everything I would want in a relationship. 
 As long as I'm here, and as long as you and I Have the connection we have, it can work. 
 I'm ready to trust my heart. 
 You should do that then. 
 Frank : I want to be the guy that proposes to Ali, and I want her to say yes" to me. 
 But before I take one step further with Ali, I need to make a decision. 
 Through the process of falling for her and... 
 Having an amazing time th an amazing girl and then traveling the world, I had these feelings for you. 
 You need to come home. 
 I'm in love with Nicole, and Nicole is the girl I wanna be with for the rest of my life. 
 (laughs) 
 Ali. 
 Hi. 
 (kisses) mm. 
 Ali, we need to talk. 
 (sighs) 
 Okay. 
 Frank : I feel horrible that I did this to Ali. 
 But it just took this long For me to realize I'm in love with Nicole. 
 Now I just... I'm left knowing That I've hurt a girl that I care about deeply. 
 And I hope that eventually, she can forgive me For what I've done. (sniffles) 
 (crying) 
 (sobs) 
 That was a wild, emotional day. 
 What was going on with Frank? 
 I mean, do you really think he is in love with Nicole Or... or was that the easy way out? 
 You know, I mean, Who am I to say whether or not he's in love with her? 
 Right. 
 But, you know, I think he definitely had A relationship with her, I think, That wasn't finished when he came on the show. 
 Right. 
 And he kind of just came on the show Just to see what would happen, Was surprised to have feelings for me, I think, and then realized, "uh-oh. I didn't finish my feelings back home." 
 And, you know, it's unfortunate that it happened that way, but, you know, I-I don't want to... 
 Take anything away from Frank and his relationship... 
 Right. 
 And what his feelings are, but I just feel like... 
 It's just hard for me to understand how he thought That he was gonna propose to me sort of the day fore, and then the next day, he leaves. 
 So let me a... let me ask you the million dollar question That I've been asked thousands of times already... 
 If Frank didn't do what he did, Would you have given him a rose at that rose ceremony? 
 I have no way of knowing that. 
 Um, and... 
 Yes, I did... a part of me believed That he was gonna meet my family. I did feel like he was. 
 Yeah. 
 But if our date had gone horribly that day... 
 Right. 
 He wouldn't have. 
 You know, if it went great... 
 If we had a wonderful date that day, yes, I do think That I probably would have brought Frank to meet my family. 
 Yeah. 
 But, you know, there's just really... 
 I try to take it one day at a time. 
 Yeah. I think in the end, you know, Frank's the only one That can really answer these questions, Who can give us the truth. 
 Right. 
 Um, unfortunately, he was supposed to be here tonight, but at the last minute, Has backed out and has chosen not to be here and has chosen not to face you. 
 Wow. 
 I was surprised, too. 
 I really am. 
 Yeah, yeah. 
 I-I fully thought he was gonna be here. 
 He was scheduled to be here and had agreed to be here and just has had a change of heart and... 
 I was really hoping he'd be here, Just to put everything behind us... 
 Yeah. 
 And clear the air and... I-I just got... 
 I mean, I-I... Feel like what Frank did is selfish. 
 Yeah. 
 I do think what he did was selfish, but I feel like coming here sort of would have been his chance... 
 Yeah. 
 To explain to me... you know, not to the world, but just to me... why he did what he did, and I feel like Not coming is even more selfish. 
 Yeah, I know. And I wanted to give you that closure, and unfortunately, we can't. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 But ultimately, he wanted your forgiveness. Do you forgive him? 
 Yeah, I do. I'm happy that he's found love, and I'm even more happy that I found love. 
 So I-I-I can't be mad at him. 
 You know, I-I hope... I hope that he sort of learned from it... 
 Yeah. 
 And wouldn't do it to someone else. 
 I hope he doesn't do it to the woman he's with now. 
 Um, but I forgive him, and I-I wish he was here so I could tell him that and we could just put it all behind us. 
 Yeah. Well, you ended up with a smile on your face, Ring on your finger, and I know you're dying and we're all dying to see you with your new fiancé Roberto, and we're gonna do that in just a little bit. 
 But before we do that, Chris is here To talk about his heartbreaking journey with Ali. 
 We're gonna talk to him When the bachelorette: After the final rose" returns. 
 ♪ 
 Welcome Ba to the bachelorette: After the final rose." 
 From the Sta, It was clear that Ali had a strong attraction to Chris. 
 He won Ali over with his charm and quiet strength, and many thought Chris would be Ali's husband, but instead, she unexpectedly said good-bye to him Before their last date together. 
 Tonight, Chris is back to talk about what happened. 
 Chris, come out and join me. 
 Welcome back. 
 Chris, how are you? 
 Good to see you again. 
 Good to see you as well. 
 Have a seat. 
 Thank you. 
 Tough stuff to talk about, but, uh... 
 Yeah. 
 I wanna get right into that... that last day, you know, You thought you and Ali were going on a date. 
 Yeah. 
 We're in Bora-Bora. 
 It's beautiful. 
 She comes in and ends up breaking up with you. 
 Yeah. 
 Did you expect that at all? 
 Honestly, I didn't. 
 I mean, we had such a great time with her family, and I was and, you know, proposed to going and, you know, Quite possibly spend the rest of our lives together. 
 A lot of questions for you, and, uh, I want to get to all that, but before we do, I want to take a look back At what happened that day in Tahiti. 
 Okay. 
 ♪ 
 (knock on door) 
 Why, hello. 
 (chuckles) how are you? 
 Good. Good to see you. 
 Good to see you, too. 
 Oh, my God. 
 It's been a crazy week. 
 You all right? 
 Ye. I mean, I don't know. 
 (sighs) how are you? 
 Not too bad. Not too bad. 
 My heart is racing. 
 That's okay. 
 (chuckles) um, just, like, I don't know, I'm at such a weird place right now, Because, like, this is all coming to an end. 
 I know. 
 I feel like you have all the qualities that, like, I want in somebody. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 E-everything. 
 You're one of the best men I've ever... Been able to meet in my whole life. I mean that. 
 Yeah. Yeah. 
 And I think, even if, like, two people are, Like... Really enjoy spending time with each other and hanging out and stuff, Like, I don't know if that necessarily means That it's, like, supposed to be. 
 Do you understand what I'm saying? 
 I'm... 
 I'm... I'm in love with somebody else. 
 I have to let you go here and not wait till tomorrow. 
 (sniffles) 
 Thank you for being honest. 
 Thank you for being so understanding. 
 Good luck tomorrow. 
 (whispers) thank you. 
 Chris L. : when Ali walked away today, It was very hard, because I was falling for her. 
 Ali was one of the most amazing girls I've ever met in my life, and once she left, that's when it hit me, That, wow, this is over. 
 It really hurts. 
 How tough is that, to look back and watch? 
 Uh, it's unbelievably hard, How tough 'cause, uh, to look bit hurt the first time, and, uh, sharing such a personal, intimate moment, Um, it's hard. 
 It's hard to let people in and... and watch something like that. 
 Yeah. But I think we all know what a struggle it was for you To get to at moment, that place with Ali, That it seemed like you were in love with this girl. 
 My plan that day was to go out on that date and... and basically just cement our feelings and make sure that, you know, she was ready that next day and I was ready that next day, 'cause, you know, Less than 24 hours... when you say you were ready that... 
 You were ready that next day, You were ready to propose marriage to this girl? 
 I was. I was. 
 I mean, if I could have been so lucky to end up with Ali, You know, I would have lived an amazing life. 
 I know I would have. 
 She came in that day. 
 You were expecting a date. 
 Yeah. 
 Do you think if you had had that extra time, Maybe if you had that final date, It would have changed anything? 
 You know, I know if we went on that date, That we would have had a-a great time. We always did. 
 Right. 
 You know, we made each other laugh. 
 Uh, every time I went on a date with her, Every moment I spent with her, you know, I fell... I fell in love with her even more... 
 Yeah. 
 'cause, uh, we had a great connection. 
 And I know if I went on a date that day with her, I would... I would have fallen more for her. I would have. 
 Deep down, was there any anger, was there any just... 
 I, uh, "damn it. 
 It should have been me"? 
 Well, that's the thing about love, is you can't... 
 You can't control it. You can't control who you fall in love and who you don't. 
 Right. 
 It just ended up that, you know, she had two great guys At the end, and she loved one more than the other. 
 And, you know, as much as I wanted to be the one, It takes two, and, uh, she didn't feel it, So I-I can't force it. 
 You can't force love. 
 Right. 
 So I don't think I did anything wrong. 
 I think she just felt more strongly about someone else. 
 Are you over Ali? 
 Are you over that love? 
 Um, you know what? It's... in... in every relationship, It takes a while to get over, and, uh, You know, all you can hope is that you learn from it. 
 And it made me realize that I'm ready. 
 I'm ready to go back. 
 I'm ready to... to fall in love. 
 I'm ready to find my soul mate. 
 I'm ready to find e perfect person. 
 Um, you know, I was... 
 I was as close as you can get. 
 You haven't seen Ali since that day... 
 I have not, yeah. 
 She left your hut in Tahiti, right? 
 Yeah. 
 Are you ready to see her again? 
 It's... it's definitely gonna be strange, Because, uh, we had a strong relationship, and I'm... I'm looking forward to seeing her. 
 Are you? 
 Yeah. Yeah. 
 Well, you're gonna get your chance. 
 When we come back, Ali and Chris together again For the first time since that day in Tahiti. 
 That's coming up next on the bachelorette: After the final rose." 
 Welcome back to the bachelorette: After the final rose." 
 I am here with Chris. 
 And, uh, just to reiterate, You have not seen Ali since that final day, Uh, when she left you in Tahiti, right? 
 Yeah, not since Bora-Bora. 
 Well, if you're ready, let's bring her out. 
 I'm ready. 
 Ali, come back out and join us. 
 Hey. 
 Chris! 
 Sorry. I was talking to this one. 
 Yeah, I know. 
 How are you? 
 Hi! How are you? 
 Good. Good to see you. 
 You, too. Oh, my goodness. 
 You look great. 
 Oh, thank you. 
 As do you. 
 (laughs) oh, my gosh. 
 It's so crazy. 
 It's been a while. 
 Is it... what is it seeing him again? What's it like? 
 It's good to see him. 
 You look great and... 
 It's good to see you as well. 
 You look beautiful as ever, as usual. 
 (laughs) I don't know. 
 It's weird. 
 It's weird, but it's good. 
 It's, you know, I think that... 
 We had a really great thing, and, um, Chris is such a wonderful n, great guy. 
 Yeah, obviously. 
 And, um, and it's, I don't know, it's just good to... to see him. 
 Chris, is this... this is your first shot to see Ali Since that day, and what would you like to say to her? 
 It is. 
 Um, you're happy, I hope. 
 I'm really happy. 
 Are you happy? 
 I am. I am, yeah. 
 Good. 
 And I... oh, I have a question, actually. 
 Uh, 'cause I feel like I've learned... 
 I've learned a lot by our relationship, Over the course of the show, and, uh, I was just wondering, What, you know, what did you learn from us As... as a relationship, as we went through the show? 
 Gosh. I mean... 
 Tough question. Sorry. 
 No, it's a great question. 
 Um... 
 I mean, I think that you helped me Learn a lot about What I am looking for in someone, and I think the thing with you is, like, Our relationship progressed slower... 
 Yeah. 
 And I remember, like, every week, we... 
 Just, like, good chemistry, and it was like it was... 
 Yeah. 
 A fun... but it was, like, it started off So much as a friendship, which was great... 
 Yeah. 
 And I think that's so important in a relationship, and, um, I think I just learned a lot about love and... and respect for other people and having fun with someone and... 
 And... and having those serious talks and all that all in one. 
 Um, I-I have so much respect for you, Chris, so much. 
 I st... I think you're a really good guy. 
 Thank you. 
 I think you're amazing, and, like, watching... watching this, just... 
 I can't thank you enough for... for what you did, like, You know, 'cause I know if we went through that last day, That I would have, you know, fallen for you even more, and... and just, you know, To... to do it then instead of the next day... 
 It would have been much harder on me and hard on you as well, and, you know, I... my respect for you and my love for you Went, like, through the roof when you did that, and I was just so thankful, and that just shows me The kind of person you are, that you just, You know, you just think of others, and that's one of your greatest qualities. Yeah. 
 Thank you. 
 Ali, I-I want to ask you a question, Because why isn't it you two? 
 Like, what was it That made it Roberto? 
 What was it that just... it wasn't I think, you know... (sighs) 
 I think a lot of our chemistry was so much that fun side, Which is so, so important in a relationship, but, um, you know, I think, in the end, You know, My relationship with Chris, In terms of our friendship, that was stronger, and that's why, I think that we can continue that. 
 And I think with Roberto, Just sort of that r-romance was stronger. 
 Well, it was a very emotional, tough day in Tahiti When you broke up with Chris, but something pretty miraculous also happened that day, That... that we all shared in on the show, and it really was spectacular. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Let's take a look. 
 ♪ 
 (Ali, crying) it's really hard To put Chris through this. 
 I hate that I'm, like, the cause of more sadness In his life right now. 
 That is absurd. 
 But walking away from Chris', There is a beautiful rainbow. 
 I can't help but smile, Because Chris told me His mom had told him to look for her in rainbows. 
 I know that Chris' mom is looking over him today and... 
 I just can't believe it. 
 I can't believe it. 
 It's awesome. 
 Chris L. : after Ali left, there was a perfect rainbow, and in all this hurt and, like, confusion and, like, "what the hell's going on?"... that's just my mom saying, "when you put yourself out there for love, There's always a chance that you're gonna get hurt." 
 And I have allowed myself to open up, and I know she's like.. 
 "good job, Chris." 
 Absolutely one of the most incredible things I've ever seen. 
 As much as... 
 It sucks losing Ali, When I saw that rainbow, I know that's my mom telling me, "it's gonna be okay." 
 That was spectacular. 
 It was something... 
 (chuckles) 
 I mean, obviously, we all knew the story. 
 Yeah, it was... what was in your mind that day? 
 Honestly, I-I couldn't believe it, 'cause, uh, you know, a few minutes after you left, There's no rain anywhere... 
 Right. 
 And this gigantic rainbow appears, and I was just like, "are you kidding me?" 
 Right. 
 And this gigai... Rainbow couldn't even believe it. 
 Still can't believe it. 
 Yeah. 
 It was so emotional. 
 I mean, I remember seeing it, and I was crying, but then I was laughing and... 
 'cause I was so happy to see that, and I remember The crew was crying. I don't know how it was with you. 
 Yeah. 
 Just everyone was so emotional 'cause it was... 
 It was a beautiful moment. 
 Yeah. 
 Like, I've never experienced anything like that In my whole life, like I c... 
 I could only feel for Chris... 
 Right. 
 And how that must have made him feel, and I'm, like, getting a little emotional just watching it, Because it was unbelievable. 
 It just es to show how much this guy touched your heart. 
 Mm-hmm. For sure. (chuckles) 
 Chris, before we go, final thoughts to Ali On... on all of this? 
 Thank you so much for taking me on this journey, and I'm so happy that you found love, 'cause that's what you're he for, and you got an amazing guy. 
 Thank you. 
 Yeah. 
 Ohh. 
 Congratulations. 
 Thanks. 
 Alright, well, Chris, thank you so much. 
 Man, it's been a pleasure getting to know you, and thanks for opening up and spending time with us tonight. 
 Ali and I will be back to talk more about Her journey to find the man of her dreams, and then Roberto will be here with Ali For the first time since they got engaged back in Tahiti... 
 All that when the bachelorette: "After the final rose" returns. 
 
 
 
 ♪ 
 If you'd like to be on an upcoming season Of the bachelor" or the bachelorette", Go to bachelor. ABC.Com and click apply." 
 Welcome back to the bachelorette: After the final rose." 
 I'm Chris Harrison, here with our former bachelorette Ali,  A bachelorette no more, of course, engaged to Roberto. 
 That's gotta feel good. 
 This feels so good. 
 Before we talk about him, what was it like seeing Chris again? 
 I had no idea what to expect. 
 It felt good. He looks good. 
 He looks happy. 
 He's a great man. 
 (mouths word) any woman would be lucky to be with him, and everything he's gone through has put him In a place where he's ready to find love and... 
 Yeah. I think you put him in that place. 
 I hope I had something to do with it. 
 You know, it was a bumpy ride, but this worked for you. 
 You're engaged. 
 I know! (laughs) 
 I'm happy. 
 Like, it's been so hard the past few months, Keeping this a secret, 'cause I'm in the best place I've ever been in my life, and I really need someone who's sort of that rock formed, That calming person, and every time I'm with him, He just makes me feel so good. 
 It's so great That I can finally be like, "this is what I am..." yeah. 
 "and this is how Roberto and I are Gonna live our lives together," and I'm just thrilled. 
 Let's go back a little bit, because you were skeptical. 
 One night in particular, though... 
 Mm-hmm. 
 When we were in Reykjavik, Iceland... 
 Mm-hmm. 
 And you mentioned to me how you were worried about loving and not being loved back. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 In some ways, those fears were realized, um, with Frank and even a little bit with Justin. 
 I was worried that I could have feelings for someone, and they wouldn't be reciprocated, and that did happen, in... in a sense, but I've always said the only decision, The only thing that matters is what happens in the end... 
 Right and I absolutely found love, and that man loves me so much. 
 But it's so funny because you tried so hard  Not to fall in love with this guy. 
 (laughs) I know. 
 From... from the moment he got out of the limo, You were as giddy as a schoolgirl. 
 Yeah. 
 But you were like, "Chris, I don't date that guy. You know, he's too hot. He's too good. He's too good to be true." you literally did... 
 Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. 
 Everything you could not to fall for this guy. Why? 
 I don't know. Just, I think, like, my experience With guys like him or even in movies... 
 Those sort of really smooth guys are the players. 
 Yeah. 
 But he is the farthest thing from that. 
 He is an unbelievable man, and, uh, I'm glad I was finally able to let go a little bit. 
 Can I throw something else in your face? 
 Yeah. 
 First night, I asked you a question... 
 "Ali, do you believe in love at first sight?" and you said... 
 No. (laughs) 
 Would you like to change that answer? 
 Yeah. Yeah. 
 It's hard to explain this, but a lot of it was unspoken. 
 It was just like... 
 Yeah. 
 A feeling we had, a looke'd give each other. 
 Those were sort of the moments where I really knew in my heart, This is the guy. 
 I remember, that first night, After leaving our talk together, and he grabbed my hand, I remember feeling like the two of us st came together At that instant that we grabbed hands, and it just felt right. 
 I believe that. 
 I mean, the look on your face and talking to you that night, um, you went on to give him The first impression rose. 
 Yeah. Yeah. 
 And so immediately, he made that impression. 
 Yeah, you know, I just, like, you know what? 
 I feel like I could be with Roberto at the e of this. 
 Yeah. 
 I got that feeling right away, and that's why I wanted To give it to him, and I'm so glad that, you know, That first instinct was right, and I'm so, so happy How things worked out, 'cause every day, a little bit more, I realize, like, this is the man that I'm meant to be with. 
 Looking back, is there anything you would have changed, Anything you would have done different? 
 Absolutely not. Nothing. 
 Because it all led to this? 
 To me, it was all part of the process To really know, with 100% confidence in the end, When I brought Roberto to the end,  That that was the mafor me. 
 You let Chris go the day before, You didn't know Roberto was going to take that final step and propose. Yeah, I couldn't know that. I was confident that we had something wonderful, and I thought, oh, gosh, you know, but I could be wrong. I was so wrong about some of the other guys... Yeah. And I feel like what we have is so wonderful, I-I could only hope I'm right that he feels the same way. And I went in with so much faith at he did, and it was unbelievable. It's great to see such a smile on your face. You are so happy, and we're happy for you. Um, you guys have been apart long enough. Are you ready to be back together? So ready. (laughs) Ali and Roberto together for the first time, in public, Right here on this stage When the bachelorette: After the final rose" returns. ♪ Welcome back to the bachelorette: After the final rose." I am here with Ali... a smile on her face, A ring on her finger. We're just missing one thing... your fiancé. (giggles) Are you ready? Yeah. Together for the first time, in public, Since their engagement in Tahiti... Roberto, come out and join us. Oh, good to be here. (laughs) (giggles) (speaks indistinctly) Good to see this girl? Oh, gosh. Buddy, good to see you. Have a seat. Good to see you. Oh, finally, Chris, finally. Relief? Oh, yeah. No more hiding out in, uh, in Charleston, South Carolina. That's where you guys have been. No, no, no. We weren't together. He was hiding there. Yeah. Roberto, in all seriousness, what's like, You know, engaged, in love? It's, uh, it's beautiful. It's better than I thought it ever could be. Um, but I haven't had a chance To... to kinda live a normal life yet... Right. So I'm looking forward to that, but so far, it's been great. What was it about you two? I mean, it seemed like, literally, The moment you stepped out of the limo, You guys were just destined to be together. It's, uh, it's amazing. I was just talking to somebody about this. Um, people see it. I-I... and people tell me, "oh, you know, that first night, you could tell. The sparks." And it's, uh, it's really reassuring, 'cause I remember that feeling I had when I walked Out of the limo and I looked at her for the first time, and it was just like a train hit me. I never felt anything like that, and I didn't know what it was. I didn't, you know, and it's... it was... it was this. Obviously you guys had the chemistry, and it was going well, but at what point did you say, "I love this girl. I'm gonna propose to this woman"? I think the first time that I really realized I could have A life with her, um, I don't know, it was, like, The second or third rose ceremony. I think I told you this. But she walked out, and it was like everything else just kinda disappeared. I-I never pictured my life w-without her. Ali, how about for you? Was there a moment When you knew that's the guy. I-I want to spend The rest of my life with him"? When he got out of the limo? Um, well, I mean, yeah, maybe. (laughs) It was the Sal dancing. As soon as I saw... as soon as I saw his dimples. No. Um, I mean, I think I thought that just a lot throughout. I really felt that I was gonna end up with him in the end. I just wanted to explore every option and make sure I was right So I could be absolutely confident at the end, and that's why when I only wanted Roberto To be there in the end is because I-I was so sure That I had explored every other option An... and that he was... he was the right guy for me. So... Yeah. Obviously, people, Roberto, are... are skeptical of this... Sure. Of the love it creates, You know, of the entire show. Yeah. Are you surprised that you came on this show, fell in love and are sitting here engaged to Ali? I tell her all the time, I'm like, "I can't believe We met on a... on a TV show. This is crazy." Um, you know, but it's... it's just... it's people, and, I mean, it's just like anything else. I mean... Right. You... you make a relationship work in your own right. Where you met... um, it could be anywhere. We just happened to meet on this show, but, uh, I love this woman with all my heart. There's nothing else you can say, you know? So... We're all so happy for you guys, and I know everybody wants to know What it was like for you both in Tahiti when Roberto was Climbing all those steps and found Ali waiting there. Let's take a look back at that beautiful moment. ♪ (whispers) so good to see you. (normal voice) my heart is pounding right now. (heart beats rapidly) And you told me how important it was to you For your husband to love you unconditionally and to always be by your side no matter what I wanna be that man for you. (giggles) I wanna be that man for you. (laughs) I wanna make you laugh just like this. I wanna make you smile. I wanna make sure that you wake up every night, Every morning for the rest of your life Knowing that you're so, so loved. The first time that I held you in my arms and we were laying down, and I knew right there that I wanted to do that For the rest of my life. (laughs) I love you so much. (voice breaking) I really do. I love you. I wanna grow old with you. (whimpers and giggles) I want to have a beautiful, beautiful family. (both laugh) I wanna share my life with you. Will you share your life with me? (whispers) will you be my wife, Ali Fedotowsky? (laughs) Will you marry me? Oh, my gosh. (whispers) yes. (normal voice) yes! ♪ (laughs) (squeals) (both laugh) (squeals) mm! (laughs) Nice. That's cool. That's really awesome. That is so cool. Brings tears to your eyes. Yes! It's... it's the first time we've seen it, so... How do you think you did? He did great. I was just laughing the whole time, 'cause I was so happy. He is an unbelievable man. I mean... He loves me, and I love him, and I... I feel like I could do something wrong, and he would still love me and be there for me and pick me up, and I think, like, the very first conversation we had was, You know, I want someone who's Goa love me unconditionally. And I honestly didn't know that I'd ever find that, and I found that in him. Obviously, millions watched tonight this beautiful proposal, but I also know, you know, millions are wondering, She had 25 guys. What is it about this guy... You know, this guy that set 'em apart? Come on, Chris. (laughs) He's wonderful. I mean, yes, like, all the times... I mean, I've said it a million, trillion times. Yeah. He's unbelievably handsome. But, I mean, beyond that, He is the most caring person I've ever known. He has so much respect for others, respect for me, and I couldn't have gotten a better man. I think Ali said this many times. It wasn't her choosing u guys. You know, it was a 2-way street. So I ask you the question, what was it out Ali? What was it about this woman that you love so much What is there that set her apanot to love? I mean, she's... she's smart. She's unbelievably beautiful. She... she challenges me. She makes me a better person in every aspect of my life. And, Ali, that... that day is really the first time You can open up, that you're allowed to say... Yeah. "I love you" back. Yeah. So what's that moment like? Well, when we were in, like, our very last date together, Before, I kept saying to him, "my heart's gonna explode. My heart's gonna explode," And it's because I wanted to tell him so badly... Right. That I loved him, and I-I wouldn't do that Until... until the end. Like, I wouldn't do that Until the end. Like, I wouldn't even, you know, Even though how everything was gonna happen... You know, I was saying good-bye to Chris. Yeah. Like, he didn't know that. It's worth reminding everybody that, you know, I broke the rules again... (laughs) Um, let Chris go the day before the proposal. You didn't obviously know that when you arrived, So when did you find out? I never knew until she told me, but I figured... I figured things looked good. I remember walking up those steps, and the first thing we did when we saw each other... She just started smiling, and I just knew. I just knew at that moment everything was fine. We went through so much together. I mean, you go back to Jake's season... Mm-hmm. To everything we went through traveling around the world. To get to this point, I mean, do you just pinch yourself? And think, I mean, "I never thought I would be here"? You know, I always hoped that I'd be here eventually, and, um, I mean, everything sort of that I sacrificed To be here, and... To me, they seem so insignificant... Yeah. Now that I've found this... found him, and I'm so glad that I took those risks and that chance. Ll, so are we. Let's take... let's take a quick break. When we return, Ali and Roberto are gonna fill us in On the future plans as an engaged couple, As he kisses the ring. (laughs) Moving in together? Weing? We're gonna find it all out when we me back On the bachelorette: After the final rose." ♪ Welcome back To the bachelorette: After the final rose." I'm here with our new, happy, engaged couple, Ali and Roberto. Guys, again, congratulations. Everybody's so excited. Um, that last day in Tahiti... propose, engaged. Kinda have to go your separate ways. What's been the toughest thing about since the show to now? You know, you look forward to that moment in your life. Yeah. You know, getting engaged, spending the... you know, Ready to spend the rest of your life with somebody. And then all of a sudden, can't live a normal life, So that's, uh, that's been tough. I can't... I can't say it's been nearly as hard As it's probably been on her. Um, I don't know, and just... and then watching the show, Watching, you know, the other relationships you built and things... that's hard to watch, no matter who you are. Well, obviously, this is the first public meeting, but you have seen each other since the proposal. Um, how... (laughs) have you been seeing each other, and how often? Um, every two weeks. Yeah. And actually, the past two weekends, It's been every week, um, every weekend. And for about four, five days, four nights, um, and we were in a little house secluded, and we have to entertain themselves 'cause we can't leave, So we, like, made up a handshake once. It's really funny. You know, just... you gotta... you gotta think of things. Right. You can't live a normal life, so, uh, I was on the East coast. She's on the West coast. So we figured we'd watch a movie... the same movie, and I'd get a time. I don't know. Let's say it was, uh, 10:00 at my time... Right. 7:00 on the West coast, and we watch the same movie To be our kind of little, uh... so you guys would what, text each other and talk? We went to the different theaters. I, like, took pictures on my... He would take pictures on his cell phone. I'd take pictures on mine... like, walking out of my house, Getting to the theater, So it was like were doing it together. It was like a date. It was a date. It was a date. That's kinda cute. We talked about it afterwards... our little debrief, What we thought of the movie. (laughs) so what does the future hold for you two? What's next? (both laugh) We... we have a... we got a place... Apartment we rented, and, uh, we're gonna be living in San Diego. So we're really excited, and Roberto's actually already living there, So we're just, you know, have to get my stuff down there, and we're gonna see. He was able to move his business there and start everything up there... Mm-hmm. Which we're excited about, and I'm just gonna find something for me to do, and, you know, as long as we're together, That's all that matters, and... This is huge. You're moving from the East coast... Mm-hmm. West coast. Yeah. Got a place. Ali's moving in. You guys are moving in together. This is a lot. It's a big deal. You know, I figured, um, if I was ever gonna do this, Um, well, first of all, I didn't want to do The long distance relationship thing. Yeah. And we talked about it a lot. We talked a little bit on the show. We talked about it, obviously, afterwards, and, uh, now was the time to do it. 'cause I was getting ready to open my office over there, and I said, uh, if I'm ever gonna make the move, I gotta do it, so I talked with the company, and everything worked out perfectly, and I'm over there, and, uh, it's exciting. I know she's gonna do well In anything that she does, so it's good. So you've moved out West. You're moving in together. You're engaged. You're happy. Have we talked wedding? Have we talked about actually tying the knot? (laughs) (laughs) we have. It's so funny. We talk about it, and, like, You know, we are happy, and sometimes we're like, "let's do this now." he's so cute. And like, so we've talked about possibly, you know, Next summer. Yeah. You know, and he's cute. And he's, like, "well, you know, "sometimes I think the weather in the spring is a little bit better." (laughs) So it's the guy trying to move up the date. Yeah! Wow. I never thought that I'd be that... Yeah. I want her to know that I genuinely want to marry r. I never want her to forget that. Outside of the glitz and the glamour of everything... Right. That's how I really feel, so, yeah, dorky little things. Good for you. So cute. We don't wanna rush into things, but we also are so excited that... so we n't kn. You know, we're just sort of... Yeah. Enjoying it. Yeah. Right now, at least I'm looking forward To just living that normal part of our lives... I think is what I'm mediately looking forward to. Yeah. So everything's gonna be fine. Well, it was good to get to kn, and I've had a pleasure, you know, Going through this journey with you, and I'm so happy It's turned out this way. We're all very excited for you, Happy for this new life together, and we wanted to send you guys off On your new life together in style. We have a helicopter waiting for you two. (laughs) what? No, you don't. Right now we have a helicopter waiting That's going to whisk you off to one Of California's most romantic destinations... Catalina island. All-expense-paid trip furnished by The Santa Catalina island company. ♪ All I can say is congratulations. Thank you. All the success and blessings in the world. There's a car waiting to take you to the helicopter. (both laughing) I'm serious. Thank you, Chris. Enjoy. Congratulations. Oh, my gosh. Thank you. This way. Roberto, enjoy, buddy. Congratulations. Roberto : let's go. (Ali and Roberto speaking indistinctly) We all here at the bachelorette" Wish Ali and Roberto the very best. For everyone who's been a part of this one, I'm Chris Harrison. Thank you so much for watching this season, and be sure to join us next Monday night For the exciting season premiere of bachelor pad." Good night, everybody. Ali : I am so in love. I love that he loves me and that I love him and that we're about to start our lives together. Oh, my gosh. Roberto : words can't describe how in love I am. It's, uh, it's the greatest feeling in the world To be able to share your life with somebody Who you know is gonna make your life awesome. And we're off. Ali : I'm finally at a point in my life where I'm in love, and I know that love isn't going anywhere. It's always gonna be there for me. Roberto : I don't know what I did to deserve Ali. It's, uh, it's a beautiful feeling. If she loves me, then m gonna love her back as much as I can and, uh, enjoy life. (laughs) Ali : I've never been th happy... Never in my whole life. I never experienced a love that in my mind was unbreakable, and I just don't think anything can come between us. (laughs) Catalina, baby! Ali : I always said along the way That I was giving up everything to be the bachelorette and to come find love, and I realize th I found my everything. I didn't even know what everything was Until I found Roberto. Coming up next week... It's the exciting series premiere Of bachelor pad." Ohh! The most memorable bachelors and bachelorettes Of all time are back... Man : all the girls look smoking hot... Every single one of them. (woman) everyone is beautiful everywhere you look. To fall in love... Whoo-hoo-hoo! (kiptyn) I think with Tenleyane Attraction and there's some chemistry there. (tenley) kiptyn is the kind of guy  I could have a relationship with. And to fight for $250,000. Woman : there's not one guy in the house I wouldn't kiss to win $250,000. In a game for 250 grand, there is no fair." Don't call me a (bleep). Or what? Or what? Or what? He is sneaky. He is the guy at the end That will turn around and stab you in the back. You know what they call me? Dangerous. Let the drama begin. (gia) I'm the only one with a boyfriend, A serious relationship back home, and everyone knows it. I love you. (gia) I'm, I mean that from the bottom of my heart. You know, I didn't know that, you know, I'd get so close to such an amazing guy. It's getting exciting. When I kiss him, I feel love. It is true that girls are (bleep) crazy. You're trying to hurt me so that you can get the money. I don't think you care about me at all. If you treat me poorly, It could have negative consequences on you. Are you threatening? I'm freaking out. Honestly, I feel so sick right now. Man : she was trying to use her assets to get what she wanted. Playing you like a fool. (laughing) Everyone's gonna see when this airs Who's real, who's not, who's fake and who's a complete imbecile. (tenley) I have to get out of here. I don't feel safe. Noiw 'm scared. I didn't think that everyone was gonna turn into p0rn stars. Don't cry. I'm an emotional wreck right now. I am so screwed. I'm so sorry. Oh, boy. I'm so emotional. I was shocked to see what I saw. I was shocked. It's all coming up next week On the show that all of America is talking about... "bachelor pad." (laughs) this is awesome! I knew it! See? This feels really good. I'm so happy. I've always said that I don't believe in love first sight, and now I absolutely do. I'm so lucky. I think teaching Ali Spanish is definitely in the future. I told your Dad I'd teach you Spanish in five years. Good. I've always wanted to learn. Bailamos para siempre. Oh, let's see. Wait. I told her in the car the other day. Ready? Ready? Oh, no, I'm gonna step on my dress. (laughs) I totally... Whoo! Was that good? Que... Bailamos para siempre. (laughs) I like it. Yeah, that was good. I like that. Roberto, what's the word of the day? I've wanted... I've wanted to say it for a while. I kinda wanted to wait till it was right,  But I'd say Amor, which is love. It's simple, but it says a lot, I think. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 