Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 06x08 - Week 8 (Season 6) - The Bachelorette 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 06x08 - Week 8 (Season 6) https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=292&t=18285 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 07/15/10 13:42 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 06x08 - Week 8 (Season 6) 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Tonight on The Bachelorette... 
 You're in my city! 
 I am! 
 Holly crap, come here! 
 Ali : meeting someone's family is a huge step, and I am so thrilled. 
 Kirk : my Dad has not spent an entire day  With a girl I've dated, ever. 
 So, Ali, would you like to go see my basement? This is what I do. This is my taxidermy work. Oh, my God. (both laugh) Ali : Roberto looked unbelievable in his uniform. I got a little surprise for you. (laughs) oh, my God! I love it. I know she's gonna be happy, I mean, I want to make sure that you are... are happy as well. Well, just don't be too tough. Chris : welcome to Cape Cod. I haven't been ready to bring anyone back Since my mom passed away 'cause, like, it was just hard. Chris : if my mom saw me happy, she would love it. Sometimes life is short-lived. And if you have love, you got everything. I worry about you, you know? It's not just you. There's competition. It's not just simple. Woman : with everything that has happened in the past, Chris hasn't had anybody to turn to. If mum were here, right, What would you say to your mum about Ali? The thing about this process that sucks is, like, It's like a mind game, really. Frank : I might have the girl of my dreams, but I never seem to be entirely confident. I could have so much faith in you and I, and you send me home, you know, tomorrow. Ali : I can't reassure Frank that my feelings for him Are strong forever. (sighs deeply) I know what I need to do tonight, and I'm gonna hurt someone that I really, really care about. I don't want to do this. Traveling with the guys has been so great. I've been all around the world, and I'm back in the U.S. I can't believe that I'm down to four guys. And I think it's so exciting that the next time I get to see them is in their hometowns. Each hometown is gonna be very, very different. You know, I'm a little nervous, but I'm crazy about the four guys that I have left, and I'm excited to meet their families. (roaring) â™ª (cries) Roberto : I'm back in my hometown, At, uh, my old school, university of Tampa, Where I graduated and played baseball. And, uh, I can't wait to show Ali around and, uh, introduce her to my parents. My family's approval is very important. It's a big step in a relationship, To bring a girl home. I'm excited what the future holds, Uh, I can't wait to see her. Yay. (laughs) hey. Qué pasa? I'm so excited to see you. How you do... Hi. Mm. How you doing, beautiful? Good. (laughs) Welcome. How are you? Welcome to Tampa. Isn't this nice? This... Yeah. I'm really excited. This is your school. This is my school. So what do you think of Tampa so far? It's beautiful. It's crazy... traveling the world, End up back home. I'm nervous. I'm excited. (laughs) Are you? This is awesome. This is awesome. Well, I got a couple surprises for you today. Okay. We're gonna walk around a little bit, Then I'm gonna show you some stuff... Okay. And, uh, we're gonna have fun. I don't know what I'm doing with Roberto today, but he told me that I should be wearing shorts, and, you know, getting ready to be a little bit active, So I'm excited. I have no idea what it could be. Enjoy. Thank you. (Roberto laughs) ohh. This is my old field. Roberto : I used to play baseball At the collegiate and professional level, So it's a big part of who I am, and, uh, I'm excited to kinda show her a little piece of that. I got a little surprise for you. Come here. Do you have things... things we can play with? (both laugh) this is actually one of the jerseys I used to wear. Oh, my gosh! (laughing) That is amazing. Oh, my goodness. That looks good. This is awesome. I'm so excited. I love having a Jersey with Roberto's number on it. I just... I don't know, it makes me proud. I'm like a proud wife. Roberto's always surprising me. Oh! (laughs) nice. Oh, my. Oh, my God. Mwah. You are so... (speaks indistinctly) I had no idea he was gonna go put on a baseball uniform, but I think a baseball uniform is pretty much the sexiest thing a guy can put on, and Roberto looked unbelievable in his uniform. Did I tell you I love a guy in a baseball uniform? (laughs) I'm really glad I put this thing on. Okay, let's play. I've been practicing. I see. Okay. Let me see you hold that. Okay. Oh. Oh. It's all in the hips. I loved it that Roberto got behind me and showed me how to bat. You know, that's, like, probably the oldest move in the book, but, hey, I wasn't complaining. Strike one! (groans) watch out. (laughs) Oh! Oh! Strike! Yeah! Whoo! Whoo! Yeah! Oh! (groans) I love that Roberto picked this for us to do. It's so much fun. It's something I would really do with him, You know, outside of all this. Oh! Oh! Home run! (laughs) Come get it. Roberto : it's awesome to see how fun and athletic Ali is. She's a pro. She's pretty good. To get to the house, you gotta stomp on the plate. Stomp on it. Oh! Nice! (laughs) Today's date sort of had All the elements of what I want in life, You know, being outdoors in the sun, Staying active and having fun. We're doing something that Roberto really loves, So I don't think it can get much better. I have something that I wanted to give you. I found out you were from Williamstown, and I was like, "this is crazy." So don't laugh at me too hard. (laughs) (gasps) oh, my God! (gasps) Roberto. Yeah. You are smoking hot. Look at this picture. (both laugh) Oh. Mm. I'm glad you like it. Not only did I not think I'd ever date a guy with his own baseball card, but I didn't think I'd date A guy with a baseball card from a team from my hometown. (laughs) I love it. This baseball card is from my past, part of where I come from, and I'm ready to go ahead and make her part of my future. So we'll see what happens from here on out. Are you nervous about anything tonight? Are you worried about being embarrassed about anything? I don't know. I can't think of anything, like, to be... Really, like, nervous about. I'm a little nervous. (clears throat) okay. It's a scary thing. It's big. It's... it's... I'd probably be a little nervous right before, you know, we go, Like, walk in and stuff. It's, like, it's a big deal. Mm-hmm. You know what I mean? What are you... What are you thinking about? What are you thinking about, Ner... that makes you nervous, going there? I don't know. It's just, like, I-I-I don't know, Like, anything about your family, So, uh, it just makes me... I don't know if they're gonna like me. That's all. My Dad... he's tough, like, he's a tough guy, like... But he's... but I can talk to him about anything. I can talk to him about how I feel about certain things. It's not like he's too... too tough To, like, talk about that stuff, you know? Mm-hmm. And then my mom is just... she's very, like, passive. She doesn't, like, like to argue or, like, like to... You know what I mean? I don't know. I don't know what kind of questions to tell you to expect. It's not gonna be tough, I just... I don't know. I'm a little nervous about being accepted By Roberto's family today. You know, I really don't know what to expect. You know, Roberto's Dad is an ex-army ranger, So he could be a tough one. I'm... I'm a little nervous. If you hear my mom call me "Robertito," Don't, um, don't judge me. Robertito... that's so cute. She might. It might slip out. You know, I'm definitely falling for Ali, and I think today is, uh, today is a big part of that. It feels good. I feel excited. And, uh, if my family loves Ali today, It's, uh, it's gonna be that much easier To keep, you know, falling for Ali. I'm excited. Mm. And I... don't be nervous. Okay. It's gonna be fun. I'm excited, too. Today's a big day. It's really important for my family to... To like the woman I'm gonna spend the rest of my life with. Are you ready? Ali : yeah. If my family feels like Ali's not right for me, I-I definitely need to look into that. Their opinion is... is very important to me. Bringing Ali home today is definitely just a sign to them That I am very serious about this. Hello! Everybody, hello. This is Ali. This is my mom. Hi. Ali : today I'm going to meet Roberto's mom Olga, His father Roberto Sr., His brother Peter, his sister Olga... Hi. And his sister-in-law Cristin. When I first walked in and met his family, They were really welcoming. So we're here. Welcome to my home. Yeah. How are you? This... I'm good. I'm excited. I got you and my family. I'm good. (Peter) first time in Tampa? Um, I've... I've been through, Um, like, driven through, but I love Florida. Woman : yeah? So I was excited. Yeah, I mean excited just to be here and meet all of you. First impression... what got you? What got you with Roberto? W-why the first impression? Yeah, why the first rose? Um... I mean, I-I don't know. Just a feeling. Yeah? Yeah, you know. That's important. I think when you meet someone, I don't know... Absolutely. You just get that feeling. And when I gave it to him, I said, you know, like, "I get this feeling, and I think... " that's happened to me, that feeling. Yeah, I know about that feeling. (laughs) Ali : mm-hmm. Woman : and here you are. Yeah. (laughs) (Peter) here you are. Um, I think my favorite part of that night, though, Was after I gave him the rose. Yeah? I was really nervous. I started shaking, and, uh, he looked at me and said, "if you're ever, Like, when you're nervous," he's like, "just look right here. Like, look at me. Look in my eyes and don't be nervous." He was really cute and sweet and... Oh, yes. That's what got me. (all laugh) I really want my Dad to like Ali. I mean, that's his... Potentially could be his future daughter-in-law. It... it would make it very difficult To continue my relationship with her If my Dad said she's not right for me. You know, it's... it's not hard to not have a good time When you just came from Portugal. If you don't mind, I'll... I'll ask her a few questions myself, 'cause I mean, don't... yeah, don't be too hard... don't be too hard on her. No, you know me, Roberto. No, you know, but, you know, you're... you're a big prize, You know, in my... in my mind, you know. I appreciate that, pop. You're a very, you know, you're a big, big prize, and I know she's gonna be happy. I know that. Yeah. But I won't to make sure that you are... are happy as well. Well, just don't be too tough. He's tough, and, uh, his opinion's gonna weigh heavily, So I really... I really want him to like her a lot. So here, I'd like to show you... Oh! Some of Roberto's little prizes here. Oh, my God. Judging by all the trophies in here, I'm pretty sure Roberto's Dad is proud of him. And, you know, I have some high expectations to live up to. Well, I mean, I don't want to brag too much, you know, I'm his pop, you know, but there's no doubt in my mind That you just met a tremendous human being, you know. I agree. Well, what are some of... of... of your personal goals? Mine? Yeah. I want to own a business. I want to, um, I want to be very successful in my career. I-I do have concerns. Uh, Ali's got a lot of things she want to do, and, um, you know, Roberto's job might take him to different places, and how much she's willing to... to give To support Roberto. You know, he... he... even though he has accomplished a lot, but he's got a long way to go. He's got big goals. He dreams... (makes whooshing noise) big. Um, if you have to sacrifice... Mm-hmm. Some of your own personal goals that, um... Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Would you? How do you feel about that? Like... Like, I want to be able to make Roberto happy, So for me to be able to make him happy, I have to be happy, So I would need something that sort of fulfills me, too. For me, the question would be What's... first and foremost, what's best for our family? What's best for the kids and you and me? So the... The sort of challenge, For, I feel like, Roberto and I as a couple will be For us both to have these careers that we care about. I mean, maybe we can even team up and do it together. Absolutely. Um, and then also team up at home and... and share that responsibility, too. Roberto's Dad asked me some tough questions, but I was honest with him, and I think after I talked to him, He understands more that family is really important to me. What do you think about Ali and what are your intentions? She's, uh, she's incredible and everything I could have asked for and more. And the most important part is there's that feeling... That feeling, that good feeling that I get when I look at her and, like, everything in the world is okay and nothing else matters. If things keep going the way they go... they're going, Um, and I have a chance to propose, I-I probably will. So... Yo quiero saber Que tengo blessing De mi mami. (laughs) um, um, you're blessed. Que lindo. You are ready, I see. You know, I love you with all my heart... I love you, too, mom. So I just want happiness for you. So that's what I... is really important to me. If you're happy with Ali, Just propose her. I'm potentially weeks away from proposing to Ali and spending the rest of my life with her, and my mom's blessing is huge. You know, it could be her future daughter-in-law. I need to know that... Because you guys' opinion is so important... I need to know that you guys... Absolutely. Are... are supportive of me potentially proposing. I see that, uh, seeing you, Uh, both of you happy like you were, I'm starting to think that, wow, This is something that might happen for, uh, Roberto. So just... just, you know, follow... Definitely follow your heart. Don't be afraid to be happy. You got my blessings, and, uh... You're the man, pop. You're the man. All right. It's great to hear my family give me their blessing. Any fears that I had about my family not liking her... Uh, they're pretty much gone now. They love her. So, pa, hey, let's... let's play some music, man. I told her we were gonna play some music. Come, Olga. Let's... let's see. (Latin music playing) This visit with Roberto's family set the bar high, you know. I-I don't know what to expect now, Going into the other families. I feel like I had such a great time here. How am I supposed to open up to another family? (man speaks indistinctly) Woman : ow! Come, Olga. (woman laughs) You ready? I would love it... Good job. If every time Roberto and I visited his family, We all got up there and started dancing again. It was so much fun. That's funny. My relationship with Roberto Gets stronger every time I see him. He's always sort of been the guy who I thought I could be with and end up with at the end of this, and I think the closer I get to that moment, I'm almost getting cold feet along the way. It's getting really serious. Are you having a good time? Mm-hmm. Roberto : Whoo! Woman : Whoo! Yay! (Ali) that was fun. Coming up... Welcome to Cape Cod. Chris : to bring a girl home to my house is a big deal. It's gonna be like a perfect storm. Pops. Ali : hi. Chris has a great family. It's hard going into a situation Where everyone's bond is so strong. I worry about you, you know? There's competition. It's not just simple. There's... it's not just you. Kirk : my Dad has not spent an entire day  With a girl I've dated, ever. So, Ali, would you like to go see my basement? This is what I do. This is my taxidermy work. Oh, my God. Ali : I love animals, but I love them when they're alive. Ali. I missed you. I think Frank and I are great together... (camera shutter clicks) But when Frank starts analyzing and questioning everything, Things get iffy. It's like a mind game. I could have so much faith In you and I, and you send me home tomorrow. (whimpers) (barks) It feels great to be back in my hometown of Dennis On Cape Cod. I'm extremely excited to mesh two things I love, You know, like my family and Cape Cod with Ali. I'm just so happy that I get to hang out with her today, Show her the beach I grew up on and introduce her to the family that I love so much. I can't wait. Where's your paw? Where's your paw? (barks) (vehicle approaches) Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh. Who's that? Who's that? (car door closes) Go get her. Go get her. Oh, there's a doggy! (laughs) Hi. Where's he going? How are you? How are you? Good to see you. Oh, cute! Yeah, that's my puppy. Welcome to Cape Cod. Thank you! I ordered up some beautiful weather for us. You know, it's pouring rain today, but I am so glad That I get to see Chris and meet his family. On this beautiful, sunny day... (laughs) I'm gonna show you my beach where I grew up on. Whoa. My relationship with Chris Started off as a really great friendship, and on our date in Portugal, I think we moved past the friends stage. This is where I come hang. I sit and chill on the beach. Ali : but I still feel like I haven't seen all sides of Chris, and I know his family's a huge part of his life. So I'm hoping that maybe being here Will help him open up more and get us where we need to be. Want the ball? Want this? Want... oh. Better hurry up. (laughs) Now the hard part is getting the ball back. She doesn't know how to drop it. Hey. (laughs) Hey, Jenny. You would like Willy. Willy's my doggie. (Chris. L.) Ali is definitely unlike any girl I've ever met. She's smart. She's playful. She's drop-dead gorgeous. Oh! (laughs) did you get it? I just want to run around in circles when she's around. I do. She's the perfect girl for me. Jenny, get outta here. (laughing) I can't believe you... I can't believe you're here. It's awesome. I've been going to this beach Since I was probably 4 months old. Just tons of memories, walking up and down This stretch of sand on the cape. It's amazing. So now I'm on this beach with Ali, Starting new great memories, and it's something I can picture us doing for the rest of our lives. And there's actually whales mating out here. Um... As we speak? Right now there's whales having s*x out there. (laughs) You can't see it from here, but believe me, it's happening. I feel the romance already. This is awesome. I'm glad you like it. I do. Yeah? I mean, even though this is far away from my home, There's something just about being in Massachusetts That's very much like being at home. I think the fact that we're in Massachusetts and we're both from here, we both feel more relaxed. And, you know, we feed off each other. If he's feeling more comfortable, I'm feeling more comfortable and vice-versa. So I just think this is a really good day for us. But I'm ready to see where he lives. Jenny, we're going home. Come on, Jenny. Chris : to bring a girl home to my house, it's a big deal. It doesn't happen that often, and it's kinda, like, bittersweet, I moved home from New York to help out my family When my mom was, uh, was ill, So now it's just me, my Dad and the house. It's gorgeous. Yeah. My mom would definitely be excited to see me fall in love and bring home the girl I want to marry. She got to see both my brothers' wife and future wife. But she's not gonna see my future wife. That's... that's hard, you know? Well, welcome to my house. Wow. Is this your mama? Yeah. Aw. This is my Dad and mom on their wedding day. Mark and Meagan on their wedding day. So mark's married, Erik's engaged. Yes. Okay. You look a lot like your mom. Yeah. What a cutie. Oh, man. All around Chris' house, There are pictures of his mom and little memories, Like her teacup set and a poem his Dad wrote for her. I really feel her memory there, and I can tell they're keeping it alive and strong and feeling love for her. I remember you telling me that story. That's good. Mm. I feel closer to him now than I ever have When we were, like, hugging and I could fit under the nook of his arm. It was just, like, comfortable In a way that I've never got with him before, and it gives me high hopes For a potential relationship with Chris. All right, let me see how I'll do out here. You want to sit and try it out? (both sigh) So, dear, how was your day? Ohh. Honey, the boss was just yelling at me all day. (laughs) God, I need a beer. (laughs) Well, I have one in my purse. (laughs) I-I hope it's a Belgian white. Is it? Yes. Yes. This is awesome. See, this is not bad, right? Mm-hmm. (horn honks) Is this your family? No. Oh. I got really nervous all of a sudden. Wow. (laughs) You shouldn't be. I wouldn't bring you back here Unless I was, like, sure that they would like you. And I was sure that I like you, so... 'cause, like, meeting my family's big and, like, I haven't brought anyone back since... And, like, I-I haven't been ready to bring anyone back Since my mom... Passed away, 'cause, like, it was just hard. It really hit me. And, uh, like, I see my brothers and how happy they are, and, like, I know how happy my Dad and mom were. Like, I'm very jealous of that. You know, I want to find the person That makes me just smile and happy and, like... Makes nothing else matter. And... You make me smile and happy and... Aww. I like that a lot. I knew, from the very beginning, That there was something about Chris that I really liked, and seeing him in his element, That part of him that I love so much Is, like, shining through so brightly. I'm really feeling him today, and I'm really excited to meet his family. If you'd like to be on an upcoming season Of the bachelor" or the bachelorette," Go to bachelor. ABC.Com and click apply." So I think my family's coming here soon. Any last words? Be yourself. You'll be fine. (laughs) Chris : I'm very excited to see my family. I can't wait. I can't wait for them to meet her and for Ali to meet them, and I can't wait for all that to happen. It's gonna be like a perfect storm. Hey, Chris. Hey, Ali. Pops. Hi! (laughs) Mm. Good to see you. Mm, I missed you. I love you. You stole my roommate, Ali. I'm upset. I know! I'm so sorry. (laughs) welcome home. Nice to see you. Nice to see you. (kisses) We talked way back when, and I said I'd see you at some point. Gee whiz. I am so excited to meet Chris' Dad ed. Chris has told me so much about him. I feel like I know him already. I missed home so much. Yeah, I bet you do. Seriously? I do, yeah. So what's kept you there? (laughs) (laughs) Aw. Good for you. I think your brothers are anxious to see you. (woman speaks indistinctly) Hi! You don't realize how much you miss someone Until you see 'em, I think, Because I just couldn't wait to hug my brothers and my sisters-in-law. I really just couldn't wait for that. Sara? Yes. Welcome home. How are you? You're mark. I am. Mark. Okay. Chris : Erik. Erik, nice to meet you. Likewise. I hope that Ali just gets my family, Accepts it, loves it and wants to be a part of it. Ali : we brought you guys wine. Oh, yeah, from the vineyard we went to. (all) yeah! This is wine that we tasted in Portugal. (Meagan) oh, my God. So it's really good. I said, the way to my family's heart is through... is wine. Excellent. (laughs) If you get Meagan and Sara bombed, they'll love you. Yeah. (laughs) Would you guys like a glass of wine? Yes. I know, just from the first five minutes of being in this house, That Chris has a great family. They're all so close, and I know that They've been through a lot this past year. Cheers. Um, welcome home, everybody. (clink) Welcome home. Good to be home. (Meagan) nice to meet you, Ali. (Sara) nice to meet you. Ali : I don't know, I m a little nervous. It's hard going into a situation where everyone's bond is so strong. So I noticed you're wearing the, uh, bracelet. (Sara) yeah. I noticed. I am. I love it. I love it. Ed : and that's an original b-band. When did he give you that one? I'm so curious. Um, in Portugal. In Portugal? Just, like, two days ago, three days ago. (Meagan) oh, really? Meagan noticed that I'm wearing the Dennis bracelet That Chris gave me, and, you know, she and Sara both have one, too. It's making me realize How important and special this gift is and that Chris is serious about me and about us. This was your mom's? Chris : yeah. "love is the only reality" is our slogan that we live by. (Meagan) from eden. That's... Love is the only reality? Chris : yeah. I love that. My parents taught me a lot about finding your soul mate and cherishing your soul mate. My Dad always told my mom, "love is the only reality," And if you have love, nothing else matters, and, uh, I'm excited to be like my brothers and get engaged and get married and start sharing the rest of my life With the girl of my dreams. It feels great. So what makes, um, What makes Chris different from guys you've dated in the past? The connection, the Massachusetts connection. I think that that was, like, the first thing That started this for us. And he's funny and goofy and caring and family-oriented and want... you know, just... I... I can't even tell you how much I've heard about you guys. I've really heard a lot about you guys. (laughs) (laughs) but it's just good to see him be so close With... with family. Ed : did you hear about how my wife met me? No. This is one of the greatest stories in the world. I walked into a bar. I was 22. Margie was 19. She had a fake I.D. She was a nursing student in Boston, and she said to this mutual friend, "do you know that guy who just walked in the bar? I'm gonna marry him." How about that? 19 years old. Really? Sight unseen, huh? (laughs) so, uh, we got married, two years later. Wow. Don't you have to wonder About what would provoke such a sense of... (Sara) chemistry. Chemistry? It's chemistry. It's just there sometimes. Intuition or... I think it's just awesome. That is amazing. Yeah, yeah, 37 years. (Sara) sometimes you just know. Chris : my family's very affectionate, but they want to make sure I'm not gonna get hurt Because that's who they are, they... they care a lot about me. And, uh, seeing her around my family feels great. It feels natural. It feels like home. That just means so much. She's not gonna want to leave here tonight. Ali : so far, the day is going really well. I've always known that family was really important to Chris, From the first night I met him, but now I understand it and I get it and I've seen it. I can tell that his family knows him better than anyone. So I'm hoping to get to know more about Chris Through his family. I'm so happy to be here, I have to tell you. Seeing Chris here, I feel like he's in his element and very much relaxed and calm. It's just being here and being with all of you. It's so important. Is... yeah, this is a huge... I understand that you, um, you're... you left your job To be with your grandmother, who was very special to you. Mm-hmm. And, of course, knowing Christopher's background, He left his job to be with his mother. Mm-hmm. And he helped me nurse Margie to, you know, the last year. Mm-hmm. And I think that's such a... Phenomenal commonality. I mean, I think that speaks volumes of you and him... Mm-hmm. To leave... I never even thought of that. That is... Oh, it's... I think it's huge. I mean, come on. Yeah. I mean, not many people would do that today, To be with people who really need you at the time is so important, and you've done that, and so has Chris. So I just wanted to remind the both of you that That's just something you really need to consider. Mm-hmm. And sometimes life is short-lived. You know, if you have love, you've got everything. I mean, my goal before I leave this planet is to see all three sons happy and married and have a partner. Mm-hmm. You know? Wouldn't it be wonderful? Yeah. So... What more can I say? Do you think Chris is ready to meet someone? Absolutely. You know, when his mother died, he was so... Overwhelmed and crestfallen. And, you know, his two younger brothers... One's married, one's getting married. He's never had that person to share his feelings with. And he really is the most demonstrative and loving. All three are wonderful. But in regards to Chris right now, he's, you know, He's just an incredible kid. I didn't think she was gonna be, like, that cute and funny. Ooh. I can tell you like her. What? Woman : yeah. Yeah. You like her. Cool, huh? I didn't think she... (mark) is it the giddiness, you think? A little schoolboy? Yeah, a little bit. I think she's a very, very sweet, very genuine girl. Chris : she is. But I worry about you, you know? There's competition. It's not just a simple... There's... it's not just you. I am so protective of Chris Because with everything that has happened In the past, um, year and a half, Chris hasn't had anybody to turn to. And he deserves to have someone That loves him, that supports him. And I don't want anything less for him Because he deserves... he deserves it all. (Sara) it seems like it's a very real relationship. It seems like you guys are great together and you have this undeniable chemistry and you are so cute. You seem good. I wonder what's going on, though. I really do. What do you mean? If anybody knows anything about you, If they know that you... you jump in with your whole heart. Yeah. And I'm anxious. Are you happy? Like, that's my biggest concern. Yes. Are you happy? Besides... Whenever I even say her name, like, I start smiling. Aw. (laughs) that's so cute. (laughs) Like, I feel like goofy. Even today, like, on the beach. It was, like, pouring rain, and she still loved it. Man, she'll fit right in. Yeah. Yep, she will. Yeah. That's... yeah, that's like... she just fits... she, like, fits... I knew she would fit in easily. I do hope things work out for Chris and Ali. I would be beyond, beyond thrilled To see Chris find happiness. Maybe one chapter of his life can sort of close and he can move on with the next. I'm excited to see that. I wish my wife were here to ask you some questions 'cause she would be So, you know, involved with Christopher's future. And I guess if she were here, She'd probably just say, you know, I just hope and pray That you are as fortunate as we have been. That would be her only wish. I pass it on to you. Thank you. Chris' family has learned a lot about love and loss and how to deal and cope with that. And I think his Dad was trying to tell me that love, That's what's forever and that's what matters and that's what's important. And I'm so sure that he's instilled that wisdom and lessons that he's learned in life and given all that to Chris. For family and for possibilities. Is that white zinfandel? Man : cheers to family. Cheers. So what do you think? Or how was the talk? (chuckles) (exhales deeply) You talk in the tea room? Yeah, it was a great talk. She's smart, huh? She's a keeper. She could just fit in this house and just make herself at home and just, you know, be... be one of us. Could she be your soul mate? She definitely could. But I don't want her to pick someone else. I want her to... Pick you. Not pick me, but, like, just fall for me. Now if... if mum were here, right... This is a real difficult question. Yeah. Great. Okay? Yeah. What would you say to your mum about Ali? (exhales deeply) I mean, would you say to her, "mum, this is the real thing"? Or... I feel like mom, if I walked in and mom saw the two of us together, That she'd be like, "yeah, nice job, Chris." You know, mom was so intuitive and so smart That she would just... you don't have to tell stuff to her. Remember? She would just know. Mm-hmm. And I wouldn't want to have to tell her, "I think she's the one" or "I love her" or anything. I expect her just to know that... That we're so good together and we're gonna last. And that's all she would ever want. That would be her legacy. Yeah. And you know what I'm pissed about? Is the fact that my brothers... Got to show off their future wives to mom, and I'm not gonna. You... you're not going to one level. But I think right now she's orchestrating everything. She's up there conducting. I think your mom has a lot to do with it. Yep. 'cause you're, you know, the firstborn and you mean a lot to us. Yeah. No, I definitely think That she'd... she'd be happy to see me happy. If my mom saw me happy, she would love it. So she's up there right now looking down, happy. I love you. I'll see you soon. Thanks, Dad. So all these weeks away and all the time missing my family... It's worth it. Ali : I think it's time. We have to head out. (whispers indistinctly) Mm, can I have a hug? Ed : yes. Oh, thank you. You know, I had such a good day today, and I really love Chris' family. And I learned so much about Chris. I feel like I made up for lost time. Bye. Be true to yourself, okay? Ali : thank you. Ed : saying good-bye to Chris now is bittersweet... Bitter on a selfish level because I miss him, of course. But the sweet part is that he seems so elated and so happy with her. And she could very easily be my daughter-in-law, and I would love to have that. You could just stay if you want to. Yeah. Oh, don't worry. We'll be back soon, though. We love you, Chris. (Meagan) we love you. I love you, guys. Bye. I actually have one more thing to show you. You do? I do. She just clicked with my family like no one has before. What Ali and I had today was amazing. It was real. (singsongy) here's the tower. Yep. Falling in love's the best feeling in the world. And, uh, I think I may have found that girl, The perfect girl for me. If she is in fact the one, I'm a very lucky man. Just seeing you around my family, That just made me realize, like, what I see, they see. (whispers) damn, you're cute. (kissing) I love when you kiss my neck. Well, it works out nicely 'cause... (kisses) I like it. (laughs) My relationship with Chris has jumped forward leaps and bounds Beyond where it was, and we finally feel like a couple. I feel love and... and warmness towards him. It's... it's really great. It makes me excited about how that can grow. ♪ Coming up... So, Ali, would you like to go see my basement? Well, here we go. Ali : walking downstairs with kirk's Dad Was kind of freaky. Oh, my God. (Ali) I love animals, but I love them when they're alive. I could be meeting my in-laws today. That's true. Yeah. Yeah. (laughs) Frank's a little nervous, and I'm getting to a point with Frank That I really need him to step up. Frank : I might have the girl of my dreams, but I never seem to be entirely confident. I mean, we have such a great time together. But is what I have just another amazing relationship That ultimately I decide, this might not be the best? (moos) Holy cow. We're in green Bay, Wisconsin. And I am bringing Ali to meet my family today. (Ali laughs) Hello! Hey! Kirky! Oh, my goodness. How are you? Mmm! How are you? I missed you. (laughs) oh, my God! I missed you, too. Look at you. (laughs) You're in my city! I am! Holy cow! Come here. (laughs) I feel like I haven't seen Ali in a while and I miss her. Like, I'm... I'm just excited to see her. So who am I meeting today? Everybody. We're going to two different houses today Because my parents are divorced. I grew up in, like, a split household, and she's gotta see both sides of that As, you know, they're both part of who I am. Are you nervous? Yeah, a little nervous. Are you? Well, you're gonna be great. When we were in Portugal, kirk told me His parents don't speak to each other. You know, my parents are split up, So I-I know what it's like to come from a divorced family. But I've really never met a family Where the parents don't speak. I'm excited. Now it's for real. We're getting in the car to go. (laughs) I know. Oh, gosh. I think kirk has a few issues with trust That he inherited from his parents. And I'm just really curious to see the family dynamic and how that affects kirk. Yep, you got it. Ali and I are on the way to my Dad's house, Where Ali's gonna meet my Dad, my stepmom and my little adopted sister Neeka, and my heart is racing a thousand miles an hour. Hi! I'm Ali. Hey, you! Nice to meet you. (laughs) (Neeka) hi! Nice to meet you, too, come here, kid. (grunts) Kirk : hi! (Neeka laughs) This is Ali. Woman : all right, your turn. Hi! Hi! How are you? Hey, Dad. Hi. How's it going? Ali : I've been waiting to meet you. My Dad is not a man of many words. He's a good guy, but he has not spent an entire day  With a girl I've dated ever,  And I'm a little nervous to see how him and Ali interact. So, Ali, would you like to go see my basement? 
 
 ♪ So when my Dad asked Ali if she wanted to see the basement, I was like, well, here we go. Have fun. (laughs) thanks. My Dad has a workshop down there, and Ali's gonna get to see that today. And I hope she's not too weirded out. All right, would you like to go first? Uh, maybe... maybe you should go first. Maybe I should go first? (Ali laughs) ♪ Whoa. Oh, my God. This is what I do. This is my taxidermy work. I bring animals back to life. How many would you say that you've done? Oh, gosh. Thousands. Walking downstairs with kirk's Dad and seeing all the animals all over the walls  Was kind of freaky. And, like, I love animals, but I love them when they're alive. I'm interested to see how their talk goes. You don't have any clue what's going on down there. No. Maybe she will say, "oh, cool!" What is this thing? What that is, is a, uh, caribou foot That I put eyes on it. Wow. What is this stuff? You really don't want to know What that is, do you? Ugh! Kirk's Dad has a freezer in his basement Where he keeps frozen, dead animals Along with their frozen snacks, Like Popsicles and other frozen treats. They... they share. (laughs) They get hungry, they got something to chew on. I think she's great. And, I mean, I could see myself with her. Do you have any recommendations or advice or anything? You gotta go with what you feel. But, um, like, when your Dad met me, He said that he thought with his brain, not just his heart. All right. So you need to think that way, too. If I'm lucky enough to be there at the end, Do you think I should ask Ali to marry me? Well... There's... yeah, maybe. You think so? What if I told you that I think that Ali's a great girl, and I have a lot of fun with her and she makes me feel good and I really like her. Does that change your mind? Do you think that, At the end of this, I could ask her to marry me? Yeah. Oh, now you do? Well, yeah. Okay. Do you know much about, like, kirk and who he is and his mindset for relationships? Mindset for relationships? Uh, that's a tough one Because, see, he's... He hasn't brought very many gals home. Mm-hmm. The fact that he hasn't brought many girls home, I'm wondering, you know, Is he sort of ready to be in a relationship? I mean, that's one of my questions for... He always told me... he says, "Dad," he says, "there isn't much sense bringing 'em home If they're not that special." mm-hmm. So... He brought you home. Hopefully, it'll work out. You seem like a great gal. Thank you. What my wife and I would like is to have you make... make sure that you're happy, too. Mm-hmm. We don't want you to get into a bad relationship, and you wouldn't with kirk. Trust me. Mm-hmm. He's... I'm... I'm biased, but he's a... he's... he's one of the good guys. Mm-hmm. Make your decisions from your heart, and you'll be safe. It'll be good. Kirk's Dad is great. Once I got past the initial shock of seeing his workshop, I had a really good conversation with him and realized that he's a warm, kind, caring guy, and I can tell that kirk gets that from him. You guys were down there for a while. Yeah, well, we had a chat. What the heck was going on? Did you? Did she have any questions for you or anything or... She wanted to know if you were any good. (laughs) I told her, "no way." oh, that's nice. Yeah. Throw me under the bus. Right? No. No. My Dad, you know, I've been his little right-hand man Ever since I was, you know, 3. And his thoughts on all of this mean a lot to me. What do you... I mean, Do you see her as somebody that could match well? Oh, I'd love... I'd love to have her around here all the time. Yeah? Oh, yeah. She seems really nice. I mean, what do you think about potentially being engaged? Before you give your heart away, go through the logics. Mm-hmm. Are you compatible? Is... is she gonna be doing things with you Versus you do your thing and she does her thing? Mm-hmm. That doesn't work. That's kinda why you and mom fell apart. That's exactly why we fell apart. We got married younger. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I was 21. She was, like, 19. We just basically, you know, grew apart. Mm. It's... it's... It's nobody's fault. It's just two different people, that's all. Yeah. See, I've never felt this way about somebody before. Yeah. You're a smart guy. I'm not the least bit concerned If you're gonna make a good decision or bad decision Because you've always made good decisions. I trust whatever you decide and... Wish you the best of luck with it. I have your approval? Yeah, you certainly do. (chuckles) thanks. The best thing about my Dad is that I truly feel like he respects me. And it feels good to hear my Dad say, "you've made good decisions your entire life. And I don't doubt that Ali's one of them." Kirk : oh, you're doing well. Aah! (laughs) (Neeka laughs) I almost bit it. All right, get it from him Neeka! Get it! Nice job! Stay on him! I'll help you. (speaks indistinctly) (laughs) go, Neeka. It's great they're having fun anyway. Go, Neeka! Get him! (laughs) (laughs) dang it! That's cheating. (laughs) (laughs) okay! That's cheating. I haven't seen kirk like this before. He's really into it, I think. (laughing) Ali... she seems to be a wonderful person. Go, Neeka! Get him! They look like they could be together, and I would just love to see that more than anything. (laughs) Oh, nice pass! Oh! To be honest, I was worried about Dad's house, and Dad's house went as well as I could've thought. (Ali and Neeka laugh) I cannot wait for Ali to meet my mom. (laughs) oh! Ali : today was so much fun, being at kirk's Dad's, but it's time that we head over to his mom's house. When's the last time you were here? Um, like the weekend before I left... Okay. I came back to visit everybody. I've heard kirk say to me That his parents' divorce has really affected him, and I know that kirk hasn't had a long-term relationship really, and that concerns me. You ready? Yeah. I hate to say that there's any deal breakers for me, but I know I would not be ready To get engaged right now if I hadn't experienced Some of the heartbreak and conflict and getting through those with someone else. Hi. Ali : hello! Woman : hello. Come in. Hi. Hi. I'm so glad to meet you. You, too. Kirk : today Ali is meeting my grandma Arleen... I'm Ali. You're his grandma. My mom Tina and my sister talon. I hope that Ali sees that family's everything to me. You're crying? Why are you crying? I don't know why you're crying. Mother. There's a lot of love in my family. I want Ali to feel that. This is a famous grandma meal, Ali... Meatloaf, potatoes and carrots. Oh, it smells delicious. (Arleen) there's two kinds of potatoes. The ones are the cheesy potatoes over there. (Tina) we'll just start. Pass to the right. This is amazing. I can't even tell you... (talon) you're not keeping up here. How long it's been since I've had, like, a home-cooked meal. I was gonna say a home-cooked meal," yep. We have these often, don't we? It's true. The family gets together for every occasion. Mm-hmm. For everyone's birthday, for mother's day... Kirk : everything. For st. Patrick's day. Try to dish up the cheesy potatoes. Oh, yeah, the cheesy potatoes. Bringing a girl, for the first time to meet my family, There's a potential for it to be awkward. And watching Ali with the women in my life, It's like they've known each other forever. Okay, so, Ali, so what differentiates kirk From... from the other guys and what's kept him along All this time? Kirk : oh, gosh. Well, it's funny, 'cause the... so the first night is crazy. So I was really glad that kirk made a scrapbook for me. Aw. The fact that he made something that was like this is me," And I was... Aw. You told me not to give it to her the first night. (laughs) I'm really, really glad he did. He's quirky and funny and positive. And are you getting red? (laughs) I'm a little red. Stop. Um, that's the kind of person I'm looking for. I knew right away. To see Ali get so close with the women in my life, Within five minutes of walking in the door, Means so much to me. I am 1,000% on board. I do not want this to end. I want to be with Ali in the end. You know, I told her I haven't brought a girl home to meet my family... It has been a long time. In, like three years, and she asked me, "why are you ready to bring me home? And what is it about me..." mm-hmm. "that ma-makes you think that now you're ready?" what do you like about her? Oh, she's just... she's, like, she's magnetic, Like, I feel better when I'm close to her. And she makes me... like, the best thing about her is that, like, she likes me for me. Like, I haven't hid anything from her. I mean, to be honest with you, I've... I've never felt this strongly about somebody. I know that I'm ready, finally, To give in a relationship and receive, Because I could only worry about myself before. And now, like, I understand, like, I-I'm ready, Like, this is what I want. Kirk has told me some amazing things about you. And, you know, when we had talks about his sickness... Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. And he spoke about you, like, you are his angel, You fought for him... Mm-hmm. And he had some amazing things to say about you. Aw. I'm just gonna tell you a little story, okay? Okay. (laughs) I'll put this down. All right. About six years ago, um, when he was getting sick and nobody could figure out why... remember these bracelets? Mm-hmm. You know, Lance Armstrong? We both put 'em on. I see he's wearing his today. Yeah. I've... I never took it off, ever. Like, it's so tattered and, you know, and to me, It just... it... it just was a symbol of, Um, like, support for kirk, you know? Mm-hmm. And, um, about two days before he left for California, I woke up in the morning, and this was snapped in my bed. And to me, it was just kind of a symbol of a new beginning. And I... (voice breaking) this is where it gets hard. Um, I just... I respect him so much, and, um, give him so much credit for his determination and his perseverance to just keep on going Where a lot of people just wouldn't have. So you... And he's a good guy, so... Yeah. He's amazing. Mm-hmm. I've heard kirk tell me the story About his mom fighting for him when he was sick, but hearing his mom tell it, I felt myself getting a little teary-eyed. That's why I was crying when you walked in, Because I saw the way you looked at him and I saw the way he looked at you, and I could tell instantaneously, he was happy. Oh. So... Oh, thank you. There's no doubt in my mind That kirk's mom just wants him to be happy. I think kirk has a lot of love in his life and people who support him and care for him and would do anything for him. He's a lucky guy. Truthfully, like, I want this to work. Mm-hmm. Do you? Yeah. Really? Okay. I do. Well, I think I have a good sense of people, and, um, she really... very down to earth. I like her. I like her a lot. You do? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I do. Mm-hmm. Good. You lost a lot, and, um, I think it's your turn now. I think so, too. Mm-hmm. Oh. It's good to see you. I just want you to be happy, kirk. That's all. I just want you to be happy. I missed you so much. I missed you, too. Kirk : my family means so much to me. They really do. I'd be lost without my family. And my mom's reassurance means more to me  Than anybody's reassurance. Ooh. Kirky. I am ten times more confident in what Ali and I have After today than before she met my family, and that says something, 'cause my family is who I am. And to feel more confident after she's met them? I couldn't ask for anything more. Oh, Ali, it was so good to meet you. You, too. Oh. Coming into this, you know, kirk's talked a lot About not having good examples of what a marriage should be. But I feel like he has a very good example Of relationships and love within a family. His mom and grandma and Dad and sister... Love is all around him. Thank you for everything. There's no question in my mind That kirk has learned a lot from his parents' divorce and that he is gonna do everything in his power To have such a great family and make sure that everyone's loved and taken care of and that that doesn't happen to him. You fit right in. Hug me. Oh, thank you. You've been great. I feel so strongly about Ali, and I think that today Just confirmed Everything for me. I feel like we have something that can last... Bye. (speaks indistinctly) And I want to feel this over and over and over again For the rest of my life. Bye. I've been falling for this girl, and I'm... I'm fallen. Coming up... (boat horn blows) what are your concerns? Like, be honest with me. Ali : Frank's a little nervous, and I can't reassure Frank That my feelings for him are strong forever. Love is such a complicated thing and... Very. There are other elements involved That make it even more convoluted. And I might have the girl of my dreams, but I never seem to be entirely confident. (exhales deeply) Ali : I know what I need to do tonight, and I'm gonna hurt someone that I really, really care about. I don't want to do this. (train horn blows) Frank : today's gonna be a great day. I'm back in Chicago. It feels great to be back in... in my home turf, you know, It's, like, I feel comfortable. I feel good. It's been a while since I've seen Ali. I miss her a lot. And today is probably the most important day so far. Ali and I are getting ready To possibly make a huge commitment to each other, and I'm very ready to bring her home and introduce her to my parents. Ali : this is my last hometown, and I'm feeling really good about Frank right now. I think we have a great relationship. I mean, it's been a while since I've seen Frank, So I'm just so excited to hug him and kiss him and just spend some alone time with him Before we meet his family. Yay! I'm so excited to see you! Ali. I missed you. Ohh. I'm just so excited to see If I sort of will fit into his life here in Chicago. Well, this is a... this is a nice view of the city... (laughs) But there's an even better way... Oh. To see the city of Chicago. We're going on a boat. (laughs) Oh, this is so fun! Yeah. (boat horn blows) Ali : it feels so good to be here in Chicago with Frank. Things are back to normal. Can you chug the horn? (boat horn blows) Whoo! There you go! Yeah, baby! Yeah, I love how easygoing Frank is. Perfect. Now look at me. He's funny, and he makes me laugh so much, and that's something that's really important to me In someone I'm gonna share my life with. Yes. Okay. Come on. That's adorable. You know, the thing that's so great about Frank is He's at a point in his life where he can sort of get up and go anywhere and do anything, and I'm at that point, too, So I kinda think it works out for us. It's a beautiful day. Oh, my God. It's awesome. I mean, we really got lucky. Well, one thing I thought of today That I haven't... honestly haven't thought of yet is I could be meeting my potential in-laws today. (laughs) That's true. Yeah. Yeah. (chuckles) it made things a lot more... Made me a lot more nervous when I thought of that. Isn't that crazy? Yeah. Well, yeah, that they could be meeting Their future daughter-in-law. Like, I-I-I-I would love to know What's going through their minds right now. I'm sure they're freaking out. I'm sure they're excited to see you. Oh, I'm sure, yeah. I'm excited to see them, too. So do... well, do you think they'll have Any, like, tough questions for me? I... you know what? I mean, maybe they will just because of the situation... Mm-hmm. You know, like, obviously, They... that might be, like, concerning to them or something. I don't... I don't know. But otherwise, they... they wouldn't. Like, they're... that's not the kind of people they are. Like, if they can tell that I'm happy, then they're happy. Mm-hmm. And it's, like, pretty much as simple as that. Well, how do you feel about the situation? I-it's up and down, but, like, It's really hard. Well, what are your concerns? Like, be honest with me. (sighs deeply) This is really, really important to me. You know, like... Extremely important, as it should be. This is the biggest decision, you know, Potentially, of our lives. You know, I mean, this is about, like, finding somebody That you can spend the rest of your life with, You know, for you and us, finding that in your... That whole journey, whatever it means, It's, like, it's, uh... (mutters) Very, very important thing, you know, So it's, like, um, It's only natural that it's this tough. And, like, I could have so much faith in you and I, and you send me home, you know, tomorrow. And... I still don't... Don't think about that. Yeah. I think you need to think about it, that you are the one for me and that this is gonna work... Yeah. And... and more focusing on whether or not You think I'm the one for you. I think that's what you should focus on, not... Yeah. No, I've been thinking about that a lot. I have been thinking about that a lot, because, like, The thing about this process that sucks is, like, Having these awesome feelings and then... Being away. Mm-hmm. It's like... it's like a mind game, really. And it's like you just have to kind of, you know, persevere, but, like, I don't know. Ali : I think Frank and I are great together, and when we're together, we're perfect. Everything is so good. It's when Frank starts analyzing and questioning everything That things get iffy. I almost feel like I'm getting to a point Where I just need him to be confident in what we have and focus on that, because I can't reassure Frank That my feelings for him are strong forever. I just need Frank to have faith right now. (chuckles) I can't figure you out. Why? What? I don't know. What? What do you mean? You seem nervous or something. I'm nervous? Frank : more than anything in the world right now, I just want to find out if Ali and I are meant to be. Because this is a very stressful ordeal, and, you know, there's a lot of emotions as stake. So I want my family's opinion. It's really important. You know, I've been dying to find that true love, and I feel like I might be looking at it right now, but I never seem to be entirely confident, and I want to know, once and for all, If... if Ali and I can fall in love and spend our lives together. Well, I feel good about you. You do? Mm-hmm. For a while, I thought that Frank's lack of confidence Was just because there was other guys in the picture, and now I'm wondering  If he's almost not as confident in his relationship with me. I don't know that he feels That we could end up together at the end of this, and that concerns me. You know, I'm hoping that Frank and I walk Into his family's house and his family can see how happy we are  And that reassures Frank that what we have is real And it is good, and not only do I see it and does he see it, but other people see it. (train horn blows) So Frank's a little nervous, and that's okay, but I feel like I'm getting to a point with Frank That I really need him to step up. Getting families involved is a huge step, and if he doesn't feel good about us being together, Potentially being engaged at the end of this, That worries me, and I need that confidence to shine through. Here we go. (laughs) Hello! Hello. Oh! Hi. How are you? Frank. Dad. How are you? Glad to see you. How are you? Hi. Oh, my goodness. (speaks indistinctly) Frank : today Ali is meeting my mom and Dad, Debbie and Hank, My sister Becky and her husband Chris. How are you? Chris. I can't believe this. Ali : good. How are you? As soon as we walk into Frank's parents' house, We are welcomed with big hugs and laughs and just warm energy. I just feel so good and comfortable being here. It's so good to see you guys again. (hank) great to see you. (Debbie) it's good... it's good to have you here. They look really good together. (Debbie) I know. Don't we? (all laugh) don't we? Don't we? Now is this, like, your first hometown Or is this... I saved the best for last. Aw. Oh, seriously, this is the last one? (Debbie) the last one. Really? Mm-hmm. (Hank) no kidding. (Debbie) wow. He gets booted off after this... Yeah, exactly. Now that you met us. Yeah, she's... yeah, she's dropping him off. (Becky) maybe you will be home for your birthday. So no, how do you guys feel about each other, really? I mean, obviously, you guys must like each other, Because you're this far. So... Mm-hmm. Yeah, she... she told me earlier today... it was cute... She's like, "you know, it's really out of sympathy and pity That I brought you home." (laughs) That is so sweet. That is so nice. Isn't that nice? (Becky) I just feel bad. Yeah, that's why we keep him around, too. (Debbie) yeah, she strikes me as... yeah. That's funny. I mean, sympathy and pity, so... The best part about the way Ali blended in with my family is She just shared our sense of humor, and the fact that we were all able to get together and have as much fun as we did was amazing, and it says a lot about Ali. So, Ali, would you mind going outside with me? Sure. Okay. All right. That was cute. (singsongy) see you guys later. Seeing Ali walk away with my mother is actually exciting. I definitely go to my mom for the tough questions, and I trust her advice on everything, and she will make it very clear to me If she thinks Ali is perfect for me. Oh, I love this weather. I know! It reminds me of, like... 'cause I'm from Massachusetts, So I'm used to the seasons changing. Okay. But it doesn't bother you After living in California all this time? I don't... I don't know how much I could handle the snow full time, but I mean... I bet. I bet. I would do anything to be with the right person, so... And... and is Frank possibly the right person for you? Yes. Really? Uh, yeah, uh... I mean, I really like him, I mean, a lot. I think he is amazing. I... Well, you know what, Ali? The funny thing is, I feel like, you know, he's been dating you for a year and like this is just another dinner at our house... Aw. That... 'cause you have just, like, settled in here so well. Oh, good. I feel that way. No. And you... I feel so good here. Yeah, I know, and you do, you... I mean, you feel like that to me, you know? Mm-hmm. Good. That makes me feel good. Yeah. No, so I think you guys are really cute together. Oh, thank you. I really do. I mean, I know exactly what I want. I really do. And I do feel really good about what Ali and I have. I mean, we... we did, like, just hit it off right away. Really? So you had that connection right away? It was amazing. I can... I can see it. You do? Yeah, you do seem pretty comfortable around her. But... yeah. Are... you guys seem very happy together, but... 'cause, yeah, we felt like a couple right away. Like, I mean, there's a lot of things That have led me to believe That she feels strongly about me as well. You know? I see us as just an amazing couple. I mean, we have such a great time together. But how... how far does that take you? Is what I have a forever-type thing, Or is it just another amazing relationship That ultimately I decide, this might not be the best? Right. You know? So that's what I'm struggling with. We want you guys to be happy... you to be happy, Ali to be happy, everybody to be happy. I just really hope the best for you. Thank you, Becky. I love you, Frank. I love you. Seeing the two of them together, I could tell that They definitely have a connection with one another. And it sounded like He does have some really strong feelings for her. Come on out. All right. But I would like to see him take a little bit more time To think about what he's doing, what he's been through and what he's about to get into. This has gotta be just a crazy whirlwind of stuff That you have been doing. I just can't even imagine... Yeah. Like, everything that you've been gong through. It's crazy. It really is... especially on him. I know this whole thing has been really hard on him. Uh, what do you think? Oh, well, he's... he seems so happy, and at the same time, Just all these emotions are just, you know, Clouding his head. And he is an emotional guy. He's kind of guided by his emotions. And so he's making himself so vulnerable, That he maybe starts... He's scared. Getting scared. But it's funny because, I think, he's so scared,  And I think I'm so scared. And I think the reason that we have question marks is because we care about each other so much and we think this really could be it. Right. But maybe as, like, this goes on, you know, we end up together At the end of this, then those will go away. Yeah, and that makes so much sense Because if you didn't really care that much... There would be no question marks. Mm-hmm. And he didn't care that much, then he... he would just be like, "oh, well, what... whatever." you know? Mm-hmm. You know, just in these few moments That we've had to meet her, I like her a lot. I think she's a really good person, very genuine, you know. Yeah, yeah. And she seems to be a lot of fun. Oh, yeah. So, I mean, it... it sounds like you really like her. I-I really, really like her. And I feel like she has it all and, you know, We... we have such a great connection. Right. I feel like I-I want to make that commitment. Absolutely. I-I want... I wanna be married, you know? Right. And I think I'm right there. I think it's... it's gonna happen. You know, it's... love is such a complicated thing and... Very. And then there's other elements involved That make it even more... Convoluted and difficult to deal with, and... Yep. I know. Man, it's... it's stressful and, like, I've... Yeah. I've been, uh, really stressed out lately. Coming here to fall in love with Ali and dealing with all the other elements is the hardest thing I've ever done in my life. It... it's taken a lot out of me, but Ali is worth All of the hardship that this process brings. My family loved her, and she loved my family. And the best part about the way Ali blended in with my family is not only that I see it, but my family saw it. She just fit right in immediately. It just reinforced that her and I are meant to be together. I'm definitely falling for Ali. I have been. And every time we're together, I think I fall a little bit more. And Ali could very easily be the girl I propose to A few weeks from now. Mwah. Maybe we can do this again sometime, huh? (Debbie and Frank) yeah. I really had a great time with Frank's family today. Good-bye, you guys. Bye. Thanks. Bye. Bye, guys. I had so much fun Just being there and laughing with them and joking. And his family's so great. I can definitely see myself being a part of this family. They're amazing. You're amazing. I think what I was hoping the most out of this day is that Frank's family could reassure him That they see what I see between us and that it's okay to fall in love. And it's okay to... Risk yourself To... to find it. (kiss) bye. I'll miss you. I'll miss you. At this point, I-I think that There's a really good possibility That Frank and I will end up together at the end of this. (sighs) Hey. Hey. Good to see you. It feels really good to be back in L.A. I feel sort of like my trip has come full circle. And this week has been amazing. I'm crazy about all four of these men, and it just breaks my heart, having to let a guy go home After meeting their family. Ah. Welcome back to Los Angeles. Thank you. A whirlwind tour around the country, Meeting four families. How was it? (sighs) it was amazing. Meeting someone's family is a huge step, and the families are able to sort of answer questions That I can't really ask the guys. Well, let's talk about these guys. Let's go through 'em. You started off with Roberto in Tampa. What was that visit like? I had such a great time in Tampa. First, Roberto takes me to play baseball. (laughing) Roberto looked so good in his uniform. And, I mean, I've never seen a guy Look that hot in a uniform. Mwah! You look so amazing. (laughs) Chemistry's there. Is there more than that? Roberto's completely different Than what I thought I needed in a guy. I feel like Roberto's almost like this fairy tale guy That I never really thought I deserved. And being around his family now, I'm realizing He love his family and just wants to start his own. So after Roberto, you traveled up the coast to Cape Cod, Uh, to meet Chris and his family. Mm-hmm. How was that? I think meeting Chris' family this week Was the biggest surprise for me. (laughs) nice to see ya. Nice to see you. The way Chris' family supports each other is beautiful. And seeing him in that atmosphere... He was relaxed, himself. You know, the guy I knew I was falling for... Yeah. But better. I fell for him in a... in a different way. It seems like you could picture yourself I that family. I could definitely picture myself in Chris' family. Chris' Dad is a phenomenal human being. Sometimes life is short-lived. And if you have love, you got everything. He loves so much and taught me so much just about love And what this experience could mean for me, and I thank him for that. It's interesting, 'cause you were a little bit skeptical... I think it's safe to say... Mm-hmm. With your relationship with Chris. Now how do you feel? I feel that I took the biggest steps forward With my relationship with Chris this week. But my only concern is, is it too late? After Chris, Off to green Bay to, uh, visit kirk and his family. I missed you! (laughs) Oh, my God! Look at you! I missed you, too. Kirk has said in the past That he's had trouble committing in relationships Because of his parents. Meeting the family, Did that resolve any of those issues for you? Kirk and I have had conversations About his parents' divorce and the fact that he didn't grow up With a perfect picture of marriage. Right. So I was sort of expecting to see very broken homes Or relationships. Right. Hi! But his family has so much support and love for him. I'm like, maybe he didn't have The greatest picture of a marriage growing up, I'm... I'm biased, but he's one of the good guys. It reassured me That kirk is not only ready for a relationship  But he wants to be with me. It's just, is that what's best for me? Is that the guy that I need? All right, last but not least, Uh, head to Chicago to see Frank and his family. I was so excited to see Frank. I mean, he... Is so great. And Frank's family is amazing. I love them. I could spend all day With his mom and Dad and sister and brother-in-law and just love life. You and I have talked many, many times about Frank, and it's been interesting, 'cause it's... it's like on again, off again. How was it in Chicago? When I first saw Frank in Chicago, we were a little off. What are your concerns? Like, be honest with me. The thing about this process that sucks is, like, I could have so much faith in you and I, and you send me home, you know, tomorrow. Do you think it's just Insecurities getting the better of him right now? I'm sure Frank's insecure about this, but for me, it's,  Can he see himself with me? Is he ready to be with me right now? Yeah. I mean, altogether, these hometown dates were, uh, Pretty extraordinary, and it seemed like you learned a lot. Yeah. So I-I've asked this before and I wanna ask it again. Is... is your husband among these men? (sighs) gosh. I feel... Scared. I remember saying to Jake At my mom's house... Right. "if you asked me right now, I'd say 'yes.'" I think I actually feel stronger  About a few of the guys here now... Right. Than I did about Jake then. You do have to send one of these guys home tonight. Are you ready for that? No. I know what I need to do tonight, and I'm gonna hurt someone that I really, really care about. I didn't mean to make you cry. That's okay. (chuckles) So you know what? Take a moment and think about what you want to say. 'cause I know tonight is gonna be tough, you know, With these families involved. You know, there's a lot on the line. And when you're ready, come out and join us, okay? Okay. All right? Thank you. (chuckles) okay? Yeah. All right. ♪ Chris H. : gentlemen, welcome back to L.A. Men : thank you, Chris. I know it was a big week for you guys, Taking Ali back to your hometowns, Introducing her to your family. And, uh, having just talked to her, Each of you made a very big impression on her. But that just makes tonight that much tougher. Three roses to hand out. One of you guys will be going home tonight. I wish you all the best. And if you're ready, here's Ali. (whispers) hi. Here we go, okay? Thank you. My heart is, like, pounding out of my chest right now. And I want to make clear That this has nothing to do with... (sighs deeply) (sniffles and cries) Mm. (voice breaks) nothing to do with families. You're families are all so great. Each of my relationships this week grew, and that's what makes this this much harder. So thank you, guys, for taking me to your homes. I don't want to do this. (exhales deeply) ♪ (sighs) (sighs deeply) Roberto. Will you accept this rose? (whispers) absolutely. ♪ Chris. Chris, will you accept this rose? (whispers) yes, I will. Ali, Gentlemen, It's the final rose tonight. When you're ready. (mouths words) ♪ Frank. (whispers) will you accept this rose? I will. (Frank whispers) it's all right. (sniffles) (heart beating rapidly) (whispers) thank you. (whispers) sorry. Mm. (sighs) Kirk, I'm sorry. Take a moment. Say good-bye. (speaks indistinctly) (speaks indistinctly) (sighs) (mouths word) (exhales deeply) (whispers) I'm sorry. Don't be sorry. (voice breaking) I think the world of you. I don't... it just... this is so hard Because it's not about, like, you or me or anything like that. It's just... I don't know that we're right together. It kinda hurts just because, like, I've really tried to be open with you about everything, and I haven't done that before. (sighs deeply) so it hurts a little more, Knowing that I gave, like, all of myself to you, and it's just not what you're looking for. (sniffles) I guess that's what it's gonna be. Thank you. Yes, you've been my first real shot at doing this... I mean, since I knew I was ready and okay. So... It's good. It just sucks that it has to... Stop right now. (sighs) (exhales deeply) Can I have a hug? (clears throat) (clears throat) ♪ Ugh. (sighs deeply) I really, really, really did not see this coming. I've never had my heart broken before. I've always been the one to leave a relationship, So this is definitely new. I felt so good about where we were at. I really did. I could've seen myself proposing to her. I would've taken that leap of faith and I would've got down on one knee and I would've asked for her to marry me. My heart's a bit bruised right now. This sucks. Ali : I care so much for kirk, and I know that kirk has put himself out there. I've been in relationships where I've been told, "I just don't think you're the one for me." And I know how hard that is to hear. It just breaks my heart having to say that to someone else. It was so great meeting your families this week. And I feel like I know all of you so much better. Things are about to change a lot. Everything gets a lot more intense from here on out. Um, we're actually going to One of the most romantic and exotic islands in the world. We are off to Tahiti. (all laughing) Uh... Roberto : oh, wow. So cheers. (Roberto and Chris) cheers. Oh, my gosh. Cheers. (clink) next week on the bachelorette"... Ali : I'm about to take the journey of a lifetime. Tahiti is the perfect place to fall in love. Chris : I never thought I'd ever be in this place in my life, and I'm lucky to... to be here with Ali. Roberto : I expect the time with Ali to be more intimate, and I'm excited. Ali : this is the perfect way To take my relationship with these guys to the next level. Frank : aah! Ali : Frank and I have an amazing connection. I can say wholeheartedly that I'm falling in love with him. Frank : I've dreamed of coming to Tahiti for years, and I should be happy, but... It's all next week on... Jenny's good. Jenny, I'll walk you. Jenny, want a walk? Jenny, you want a treat? (laughs) See? Yes, pleas Sit. Sit. You want a treat? Huh? Does she know any tricks? Yeah. (laughs) Jenny, sit. Come here. Come here. You want a treat? (laughs) You want a treat? Sit. Sit. Sit. (laughing) Damn it! Jenny, you're killin' me! (Laughs) She's nervous to be on TV. (laughs) 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 