Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 07x08 - Week 8 (Season 7) - The Bachelorette 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 07x08 - Week 8 (Season 7) https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=292&t=18297 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 07/21/11 13:18 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 07x08 - Week 8 (Season 7) 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Night on... 
 (laughs) ahh! 
 Ashley : this week is hometowns, and it could not have come at a better time. 
 I'm at such a great place. 
 (laughs)s) 
 And I can't wait to meet I'm attheir familiesplace. 
 And see what they're really all about. 
 Woman : benjamin. 
 Oh! 
 You're really in your element here. 
 I am. 
 Ashley : this is awesome. 
 These guys are so great. 
 Hey. 
 Hi! 
 How are you? 
 And their families are so incredibly nice. 
 Whoo-hoo! 
 (laughter) 
 This has been one of the best experiences of my life. 
 I think that Dad, you know, really is looking down on us Because I think he would be proud of you. 
 I know that, you know, I'm doing the right thing, and it's times like these where I'm really happy. 
 I've probably only taken home four girls To meet my parents. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 And the last o o didn't turn out so well. 
 After my last relationship, My family is maybe a little bit protective of me. 
 At the end of all this, Someone's heart's gonna get broken. 
 Mm. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 That's the one thing that I fear the most. 
 As a mother, I am concerned. 
 I just am so scared that his heart will be broken. 
 Let's say this did go down the road. 
 Are you willing to become a part of this? 
 Woman : everything's wonderful when you're jetted away To these awesome places, but in the real world, It's'sifferent. 
 I think that they need more time. 
 The only thing I'm concerned with is I don't want you To be rushed into anything. 
 It takes time to know somebody. 
 Yeah. 
 It's all coming up tonight on... 
 ♪ 
 Ashley : I am so excited to be back in the United States. 
 Last week was really tough. 
 There was a part of me that felt like I wasn't 100% sure about saying good-bye to Ryan so early. 
 This week is hometowns, and there's a part of me that's really excited, and there's a a rt of me that's also really nervous. 
 Sometimes I worry that the guys Aren't really themselves in these group settings, So it's so great to see their family and know that what I'm gonna see is the real genuine them. 
 I have four incredible guys, but four very different relationships. 
 (laughs) oh, god. 
 Ashley : I just love everything about ben. 
 That's a start. 
 No, it's a good start. 
 Ben f. Is a real guy, no question... 
 Good to see you. 
 You, too. 
 Just physically so attractive to me. 
 I love that long hair. 
 His build is great. 
 Just a man. 
 What? 
 (laughs) 
 This whole journey does a lot of things for people, and I think for ben, it's allowing him to learn How to communicate his emotions. 
 I'm--I'm ready to kind of open up. 
 And I think he learned a lot about himself and what he's looking for. 
 I feel like we have a very real connection. 
 Kissing you, I get little butterflies in my stomach. 
 Those are feelings that I haven't felt In a very long time. 
 More than ever, I can see myself with ben, and I think our life Would be very rich and exciting. 
 There would never be a dull moment with him. 
 And then there's constantine. 
 Hey, constantine! 
 What's up? 
 Constantine was one of my favorite guys From the beginning. 
 Let's just run. 
 I don't know if that's such a good idea, too. 
 I think he's absolutely gorgeous and exactly what I look for physically in a man. 
 Isn't it cute? 
 Oh, wow. That is beautiful. 
 I don't think it gets better than this. 
 There's something about constantine That's so sexy to me. 
 He has a real sweetness about him. 
 I am having a good time with you. 
 I don't want you to be insecure. 
 Good. 
 (train horn blows) 
 The date with constantine in taiwan Was probably the first indication That we could actually have something. 
 Yay! 
 Because up until then, I was just going Off of the potential for a relationship. 
 I think the kiss was really big. 
 There's definite chemistry between constantine and I. 
 He is the total package for me. 
 Hi. (laughs) 
 Ames is one of the most unique guys I've ever met. 
 You think we're very similar, huh? 
 I would say I know we are. 
 In what way? 
 We're both nerdy? 
 No, but thank you very much. 
 (laughs) nerdy's a good thing. 
 The truth is, I love being around him. 
 He's funny... 
 I just want you to love me... 
 (laughing) 
 For who I am inside. 
 Oh, you'll like it. 
 I'm gonna like it? 
 I think so. 
 Oh, gosh. 
 Ames is so humble about all of his accomplishments. 
 I think he has no idea just how unique he is. 
 Where are we going? 
 As far as possible. 
 Oh... 
 I've never met anyone like ames. 
 Ames and I shared our first kiss, It was amazing. 
 Whew! That really took my breath away. 
 I want a life filled with spontaneity and adventure... 
 Oh, wow. 
 And I think ames would be the perfect person To share that with. 
 But then there's J.P. 
 We're gonna flip a coin right now. 
 Okay. 
 Heads--I get a kiss. 
 Tails--I don't. 
 I feel like I've known J.P. Forever. 
 (gasps) 
 I'm so comfortable around him, I feel secure, I feel relaxed, I feel like I don't have a care in the world. 
 You think you could pick me up? 
 Absolutely. 
 (groans) 
 I feel like I can do anything with him. I can be playful... 
 (laughs) 
 I can be serious, I can be emotional, and he would be accepting of that. 
 As long as you're okay... 
 Yeah. 
 Then we can go on with our night. 
 Let's go on with our night. 
 How about that? 
 This is not an easy place to be dating. 
 To watch yououo out with three other guys this week... 
 Mm-hmm. 
 I just don't wanan do it. 
 But when you feel this way about someone, You know, that changes everything. 
 It changes everything. 
 I hope he'll stay in that moment and know what I feel for him is so real. 
 It's really steep. 
 With J.P., everything is there, Physical and emotional. 
 I just really need to be sure This is very real for both of us. 
 I have really great relationships With each of these guys, but I know I'm at a point Where I have to make some really tough decisions. 
 (barks) 
 When you meet the family, like, Things become so much more real and you become more attached, and there's so much more to lose. 
 There's a lot of pressure. 
 I just want it to go perfectly. 
 I want them to like me. 
 I want to like them. 
 I want to feel at home. 
 I want to feel welcome. 
 I can't wait to meet their families because I'm ready. 
 I'm ready... 
 To find my husband. 
 (quacks) 
 (constantine) I'm more excited today than I've ever been. 
 It's so amazing to have ashley come back to my hometown. 
 (quacks) 
 My date with ashley in taipei ended perfectly-- 
 The lanterns going up, we shared an amazing kiss. 
 It was awesome. It was natural, and it just feust felt righ. 
 I see every time I go out with ashley, Things click more and more. 
 I'm looking forward to seeing ashley. 
 Kissing her, hugging her, what-- you know, I just wanna see her. 
 How does it feel to be home? 
 What's going on? 
 Happy as a clam. 
 How you doing? 
 Good to see you. Ooh! 
 Oh, it's good to see you, too. 
 At's happening? 
 Nothing. What's up? 
 You all right? Nothing? 
 Yeah. 
 You look fantastic. 
 Thank you. Welcome home. 
 Thank you. 
 What's the plan for today? 
 Yeah, right. You're not gonna get that right off the b b. 
 Constantine was one of the guys that really stuck out in my mind Straight out of the limo. 
 Physically--exactly what I've been looking for. 
 And I see something so good in him, and he's always so honest. 
 (squeals) 
 Our last date in taiwan, I started to feel a really strong connection, and things started to click for us. 
 What are you doing here? 
 This is, like, blowing my mind. 
 I know! 
 What are you talking about? 
 This is blowing my mind, like, 'cause, like, you-- 
 Everyone's like, y-you'll come back here, and I'm like, that's-- that will e--never happen. 
 Like, before I left, I remember, like, My mom's, like, you know, "I'll see you back here." 
 She's, like, you'll come back here... 
 (sniffles) 
 With whoever you're supposed to meet, and I was like, "no way." 
 I didn't believe that, you know, and look, here we are. 
 Wow. She was confident in you, huh? 
 Yeah, and I think that's, like, kinda says, like, a lot. 
 Like, a lot of more people are more confident in me Than I am. 
 So it's kinda good to see, like, Now I'm here, and now you get to come home and meet them. 
 Yeah. 
 And I think that's, like, it's gonna be cool. 
 Guess you have to start Having a little bit more faith in yourself. 
 I do, at times. 
 I guess, you know... 
 Oh, good. 
 I might have doubted myself a little bit in this process, but I think it's getting-- yeah. 
 Did you surprise yourself? 
 I've definitely surprised myself. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 It's, like, absolutely surprised myself. 
 It feels good every day that I-- 
 I feel like I'm doing that... 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Like, constantly proving mymylf wrong, which I like. 
 Good. 
 You know what I mean? 
 I like it, too. 
 Yeah, I think that's the coolest part about it. 
 (constantine) I've been all around the world, and I've seen so many things, and I've come full circle, in a way. 
 It's amazing, like, how much more open I am at giving myself The--the opportunity and the possibility for love. 
 I believe now that, you know, that I'm here for a reason, and ashley's here for a reason, and I'm excited to show her my hometown, and excited for her to be around my family. 
 You're gonna have such a fun time today. 
 All right, so who am I meeting today? 
 All right, so you're gonna meet my father dimitri. Dimitri. 
 Dimitri--ooh. 
 I like that name. 
 My mo--that's my middle name. 
 Okay. 
 Um, my mother elleni... 
 What is it? 
 Elleni. 
 Elleni. 
 Elleni. 
 Dimitri, elleni. Okay. 
 And my sister maria. 
 Maria. 
 I think we're gonna go to the restaurant. 
 (inhales sharply) 
 We can make pizzasas we can make-- 
 I can make a mean pb&j. 
 (laughs) 
 Mean one. Let's go eat! 
 Let's do it. 
 (car door closes) 
 Ashley : giorgio's! 
 (constantine) giorgio's! 
 I heard this place is pretty good. 
 I heard there's a really cute guy that works here. 
 I've g g an italian restaurant. 
 And people ask me why? You're greek. You have italian--" 
 I'm like, listen, it's a business. 
 We're selling italian food, we've got american food, We've got greek influence-- it's all in there. 
 But the main thing is that we're a family and we work hard for what we do, proud of what we do. 
 How you doing? 
 Hi. I missed you! 
 Ashley : I see a lot of great things in constantine That I love. 
 He's so nice, everyone's giving him big hugs,  And the waitresses just love him. 
 This is, like, the heart and soul right here Of the restaurant. 
 Aw. Hey, guys. 
 I love seeing constantine here at the restaurant. 
 He's looks really sexy here, you know, walking around. 
 He's such a stud. 
 I'm gonna teach her how to make the pizzas real quick. 
 Do you like a lot of cheese? 
 At the bottom, you just put a little cheese. 
 You don't do too much at the bottom. 
 Put some of your favorite ingredients on there. 
 What do you think? 
 (laughs) 
 (laughs) I was wondering, like, what are you doing? 
 That was cute. Thank you. 
 All right. Uh... 
 So we got, uh, onions, tomatoes, bell peppers... 
 I wanna put tomatoes. 
 Okay. 
 Some bell peppers--nice. 
 Yeah. 
 Put a little feta on there. 
 Yummy. 
 How do you like my, uh, pizza-making skills so far? 
 You're doing good. The placement of the pepperonis is crucial. 
 It's been made with love. 
 It has been made with love. 
 All right. 
 (claps hands) 
 What would you like on your salad? 
 I like romaine lettuce. 
 Tomatoes look fresh. 
 We can organize it or we can just eat it. 
 Yeah, I like it organized. 
 Oh. That's why your pepperonis were so perfect. 
 (laughs) 
 I might t a loss for words, but I'm staring at the most beautiful salad I think I've ever seen in 20 years, Held by one of theheost beautiful women I've ever seen in 20 years. 
 Oh. Oh! 
 You stepped foot in this restaurant, so watch out. 
 You're charming today. 
 Is it getting a bit cheesy in here? 
 It's a little cheesy. 
 (laughs) 
 Oh! 
 Woman : serious. 
 Woman : she's so cute. 
 This is my place. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 This is just--like, it's an extension of my home... 
 Right. 
 Like, literally. 
 I feel like you're so calm-- not--not calm, but there's something different about you here. 
 Really? 
 You just feel more-- 
 I almost feel like you're more comfortable with me, too. 
 I want to make you feel welcome, so... 
 Mm. You're doing a good job. 
 Ank you. 
 I'm at that point where I... 
 It clicks for me, and I--and I'm like, okay, Let's--let's make this work. 
 Yeah. 
 Let's make this happen. 
 Because I notice, Like, every time we talk or every time We're around each other, something clicks for me. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 And I think that's, like, the beauty of love, Is that, you know, you can only be open and ready for it. 
 You can't make it happen Or--or do anything to--to force it to happen. 
 I think we're both on the same page. I really do. 
 Yeah. 
 Constantine is the type of guy that when he loves, He loves hard and he loves for real. 
 I think he's really opened up, and especially today, Seeing him in his own element, I think he's, you know, the best he can be today. 
 There's definite chemistry between constantine and I. 
 Woman : are they gonna kiss? 
 Come on, constantine! 
 Oh, he looks so serious. 
 Woman : he's leaning in. 
 (woman squeals) 
 Oh! 
 Aw! 
 Ooh! 
 Woman : yeah! 
 That was... 
 Yep. 
 That was sweet. 
 You ready? 
 So, ashley, you ready to go meet, uh, the giorgio's clan? 
 Let's go. 
 Aah! 
 How does any work get-- 
 There's no work getting done around here. 
 (constantine) oh, ho! 
 "welcome home constantine!" 
 Ashley : oh, my goodness! 
 That is so cute. 
 (laughs) 
 (constantine) in my heart of hearts, I knew that, like, this would be the most important day for me, Just because this is what matters the most--family. 
 Yay! 
 (laughs) this is great. 
 Their opinion means the world to me. 
 If this is the girl I'm gonna marry, having the support Of your parents and the rest of your family is crucial. 
 Woman : I can't wait to meet ashley. 
 I can't either. 
 Maybe this is the one. 
 Yeah. 
 I hope so. 
 I can tell when I see his face. 
 (laughs) 
 I will know when I see his face. 
 Ashley : ready? 
 Take a deep breath. 
 Oh, it's so nice! 
 Oh, my god! There he is! 
 Aah! 
 Oh! (laughs) 
 Hey! 
 Hi! 
 Oh, my goodness! 
 Hi! How are you?U? 
 (constantine) today ashley's gonna meet my mother elleni, My father dimitri, My sister maria. 
 Oh! Oh! 
 You can join us. 
 Get over here. 
 (elleni) long way. 
 (maria) I missed that face. 
 I missed you, too. 
 I think constantine look happy. 
 There is nothing for him to fake it. 
 And on his face, I see him happiness. 
 (constantine) oh! 
 Look who's here. 
 (ashleight away, you can tell that there is So much love in this family, and it inspires me. 
 This is what I want for my family. 
 (constantine) a couple lamb chops. 
 Ashley : couple? 
 (dimitri) h-have you had lamb chops before? 
 Yes, I have. 
 Not my lamb chops. Okay? 
 Oh! First time. Right. 
 Ashley, we like to eat. 
 Your Dad cooked 'em outside. 
 (ashley laughs) I noticed. 
 We like to eat. 
 (laughs) 
 You seeing--are you seeing a little bit, like--can you... 
 Oh, yeah. 
 You're painting a picture? 
 You haven't seen nothing yet. 
 Whoa! (laughs) 
 What does that mean? 
 They were so cute together. 
 To see how happy my brother was with her, It was just a good feeling, you know? 
 It made me feel okay that he's been away for so long. (laughs) 
 Welcome home, son. 
 Yasou. 
 Yasou. 
 Or yiamas. 
 Yiamas. 
 Yiamas. The eight words you-- come on now. (elleni) yiamas. (speaks greek) So many folks have asked about you. Oh, they've been asking about you constantly every day. Oh, my. Every day. So when you come back, Or y'all come e ck together or however this works out... Mm-hmm. We're gonna have to do one big party. Oh, yeah. One big lamb roast. Oh, yeah. One big, huge party. You know, my son is really good with kids. (elleni, maria, and ashley) wow. (laughs) (laughs) How about you and I go for a little chat? Sure. Let's go. I want my son to find the love of his life, but I think that they need more time. Everything's wonderful when you're jetted away To these awesome places and you're on beautiful beaches, and life is wonderful, but in the real world, it's different. So this is a mama question. Okay. Okay. Let's say this did go down the road. Let's say this did follow its path and let's say it was the right--the right fit, Are you willing to become a part of this? Are you... A-a part of the family? I mean, no, a part of here, coming, us, this, Relocate, jump right in. Yeah, well, I'll tell you this... Mm-hmm. I mean, I love your family so far. (laughs) Um, but in terms of relocating, I could be happy in a lot of different places, and what's important to me is the person that I'm with is happy, and if this is something that's so important to him, I would d more than willing to move. It's not an issue for me. Okay. Yeah. So you pretty much answered my question How are would enhance my son's life... Mm-hmm. And that's at will enhance it. Yeah. So... Cheers, ashley. (clink) Cheers. It was so nice to talk to you. Thank you for being here, and I hope I'll see you again soon. Thank you for opening up to me. She said if it meant moving here, I'd love it," And that was my concern, and we talked about all that, and I feel great. That was my nerves today. My boy, come here. My son. What's up, man? It's so good to see you. (laughs) Every parent wants to see the best for their kids. Is he having a good time? (clink) Uh, does he look as happiness to be the rest of his life, Spend with ashley? That I don't know. First of all, I missed-- I missed the hell out of you. Been away so long. It's been kind of crazy. It's been up and down. Um, it was probably emotions, you know. You know before I went I was real skeptical. I thought that I'd be back in a week, and it's turned into, obviously, a lot more than that. Now I'm at a point where I'm bringing her home Because I feel that you know me and mom knows me, maria knows me, Better than anybody in the world, and I trust your opinion and your questions that you ask me. I want you to ask me these things because I feel like They're gonna help me make my decision. Ashley's a very nice person. She's got gorgeous personality, She's a very warm person. I like her smile and everything. She's a very, uh, smart and intelligent girl. The only thing I'm concerned with is I don't want you to be rushed into anything. Yeah. It takes time to know somebody. If it happens, it happens. If it's there, it's there. Mm-hmm. But it takes time. Yeah. Ashley is a fine young lady, and the minute you tell me That you think that's the right person, You got my support, my blessing and everything. I'll give one advice-- Have mom and I as an example. That, uh, we've been married for 32 years, and, uh, We have our ups and downs, but, uh, it's-- Yeah. It's not--it's not supposed to be perfect. You have to work at it, you know? It's not perfect. I don't think it will be perfect. But it, at the beginning, it should be perfect. Yeah. Okay? Uh, that's what love is all about. Yeah. My Dad's advice was solid tonight. He's always been, you know, don't rush into things, but I feel like I got approval there. This is what you call a bear hug. I love you. Love you, too, Dad. I care about ashley a lot, and I feel that she e uld fit in here. I love your family. I'm moving in. Oh, good. There you go. I'm moving in, guys! With constantine, Every time we spoke, it was always about his family, and now I really see why. They were so welcoming, and I felt like I fit in perfectly. Guys, thank you so much for having me. It's been awesome. The most comfortable I've felt Talking to people in a very long time. So thank you. (dimitri) do you feel comfy? You're very welcome. You're welcome back any time. Ashley : you're so lucky. This was a great night, but tonight we've got a surprise planned. You know, back in my father's room, it's pretty cool. (doorbell rings) Women : hey! Woman : how you doing? Ashley : oh! I'm getting ready to say bye to my family and the doorbell rings, and I see my two aunts running through the door screaming and everybody else pile in after. It's like my entire family shows up out of nowhere. (chuckles) awesome. Ashley : oh, my gosh! There's so many people! (singsongy) and this is athena! (constantine) this is exactly what I wanted. This is who I am. This is my entire family. We're in our--our environment. Man : great to see you. Did you know this? (constantine) this is awesome. And ashley gets to see everything. How perfect is that? Are you guys ready to dance? Yes! This is my life. This is what we do. (laughs) This is so fun! I knew she'd jump up and dance. I knew she would. She's a dancer, You know, and she, like, picked it up like that. (snaps fingers) I was like, dang, girl! (woman speaks indistinctly, man whistles) Man : yes, she would. I'm in love with constantine's family. (laughs) Look at it! You got it! Seeing constantine interact with his goddaughter and to see how everybody respects him and loves him so much, It shows me that when he has a family, It's gonna be same way. I mean, I'm looking for that. Woman : whoo-hoo! (elleni) way to go, ashley! Yeah! Whoa! (laughs) I understand so much about him now. He's, uh... That's one good man right there. (all cheering) Ashley : oh! Love, love, love! I wanted to stay the rest of the night Here at constantine's house with the family and friends. (sighs) but, you know, all good nights must come to an end. Bye, everyone. So nice to meet all of you. Thank you for having me. Let me give you a hug. Bye. Good to meet you. Mm! I don't want to let go! (laughs) It feels like all the pieces of the puzzle Are really put together for me and constantine. I can envision myself having a life with him. (ashley laughs) (speaks indistinctly) (elleni) for constantine to bring ashley home Has to mean something. He would not have gone through all this If it didn't mean something. So I think we'll have a little meeting, Turn her--turn her into an honorary greek. (laughs) Pull her into the club. (dimitri) ashley is a sweetheart. I mean, uh, I think ashley-- She's got a beautiful personality. I would love to see my son with ashley to be  Pantotini agape. That meansnslove forever." Give me a hug, boy. I love you. Today was amazing. Ashley did absolutely fantastic. I mean, you could tell she was having fun. Y'all travel safely. Ashley : bye. (constantine) oh, thank you. I can see ashley being a part of this family. I really can. It's been a massive, massive step in the right directioio That was amazing. This is a very light-hearted, fun evening, but it had a lot of serious undertones to it, and the weight of that I'm thinking of now. You know, I see somebody who's really fallen For my family so very quickly and maybe for me. I-I see how comfortable you are around them, and I love that. Yeah. I love the fact that you just jumped right in and enjoyed it. I feel like I understand you more,  And us and how our relationship's progressing. Yeah? I'm so happy right now. Thank you. (laughs) "thank you." Appreciate it. (cheering) (constantine and ashley laugh) Coming up... Hey. Hi! (ames) I'm absolutely totally falling in love with ashley. Clearly, he's got feelings for you. Right. I'm just curious. What are your feelings? Are you ready to meet the fam? Should I be warned I of anything? (ben) it's a huge deal for me to bring someone home. You know, I couldn't marry a woman That my mom and sister didn't approve of. It needs to be good. Otherwise... It just doesn't work for me. Now I'm really nervous. (birds chirping) I am so excited for today. Ashley's coming to my hometown to meet all of my family. This is getting pretty serious. Hey, ames! Hey! So good to see you! You look-- you look beautiful. How are you? Great. You look great. Welcome. Thank you! This is gorgeous. I'm so excited you're here. I'm happy to be here. Okay, new york city to this? I love it. Yeah. This is like home to me. Right. I feel like at this point, Ashley and I are like boyfriend and girlfriend. I know my family's gonna be happy for me, and I can't wait to introduce them to ashley. And... This is gorgeous! Ames is such a unique guy, That I am so excited to meet his family today. So are you excited to see your family or what? I'm excited for you to see my family. And I'm excited to see where he came from. Ashley : hi! Hey. Hi! How are you? Oh, my god. Hi. How are you? Oh, my god. You look so good! Thank you. Hi. I'm serena. (ames) today ashley is gonna be meeting my sister serena, My sister's husband randy... Hi. Nice to meet you. My mother jane... It's so nice to meet you! Finally. Yeah. My brother jim and his wife tracy and my nieces and nephewew Nice to meet you. Ashley : everybody is so welcoming and excited that we're here. I'm hoping that meeting ames' family is gonna show me A side of him that I haven't seen yet. Cheers. Cheers. Nice to meet you. Right? Cheers. Ashley : did you guys miss him? Yes. Oh, my gosh. I was going nuts. Fill us in a little bit more about-- Where--wherereave you been? What--what's the... We started in california, then went to las vegas, and then we went to the south of thailand. Nice. Well, you love thailand. That was-- I know. Totally. Very cool. (jane) I'm pleased to say that ames, I think, looks terrific. He looks healthy, he looks happy. Clearly, she's caught his attention in a very serious way, and, um... I-I think he's very taken. Wait. Where else did we go? We went to a muay thai boxing academy... (laughs) Trained extensively with masters, Then we competed for the ultimate prize, and, uh... (laughter) So alluring was the prize that I ended up in the hospital. (jane) oh, you're kidding. (gasps) what? Yeahahuh, I'll spare the details just to, like... You went for the sympathy vote, yeah. Yeah, it was, uh, absolutely. Smart. (serena) I think ashley's wonderful. She's very open, down-to-earth, and ames absolutely had this spark about him That I haven't seen before. I'm trying to figure out if, you know, Ashley has that spark that ames has, and I think that's the part that I'm concerned about for ames. This is so nice. Yeah. Of course. I'm his big sister. I don't want his heart to be broken and be devastated by this. First of all, let's just go straight--straight to it. Absolutely. I can tell, just from watching ames coming in and the spark in his eyes and all that-- Clearly, he's got feelings for you. You know, it's serious now... Oh, yeah. And d u're meeting people's families and you're meeting, you know, nieces and nephews. I know! And I'm just curious. What are your feelings towards him? For--towards ames? Yeah. Well, the truth is, our relationship's Moving a lot slower than, you u ow, some of the others. Okay. But I'm choosing him over Even the relationships that have moved faster Because I see so many good things in him. Are you comfortable when you guys are together? Is it easy or do you feel like you have to work towards things? Or are you guys just-- does it come naturally? I mean, I definitely feel something for ames. I mean, he's just very different... Yeah. And different in a good way. He thinks about things, he's a man, He--I love that he's independent, and I'm just not ready to... I'm not ready to--to stop learning about him. He's like an onion. You keep peeling layers... Yes. And you're gonna find out more and-- And it's worth it to me to keep peeling those layers. He's probably the most loyal, honest person you'll know, and he's a really big romantic. I don't know if he's shown That side to you... That's what he keeps telling me. I'm kind of waiting. He gets excited to sort of plan these mysterious dates, and, you know... Yeah. But I can tell that this is, like, such old-fashioned Where he's smitten with you. You know, he's got these... Really? Yes. He's brought home other girlfriends before. You know, this is different. He's got a different excitement, A different spark. You know, it's good to hear you say that. It kinda verifies what I've been thinking. Yeah. I wanna get to know him. I wanna know more. Do you feel you've gotten to know her well enough So that you have a-- some kind of an inkling of... It's funny. While things are fast, they're not rushed, and I think that's an important distinction. Mm. I guess the only thing I can say is I cacat believe how lucky I am To have somei've seen herzing oin all kinds of situations. (laughs) I mean, the worst... And she's handled them really well? And the best. And she handles them very well. That--that says a lot. That really says a lot. Very well, yeah. I'm impressed. She's--she's obviously got tremendous character, and, um, that's what you want. It would be really tough if my mother didn't approve of ashley Because I really wouldn't make any major life decision Without my mother's approval. Tell me more about ames' father. I'm sure he probably shared a little with you, but he died when ames was 10, Then his stepfather, who didn't have his own children, So it was almost like a second father... Mm-hmm. And then, you know, unfortunately, He died of cancer as well. Mm-hmm. So ames has had a couple things along the way... Right. That, um, I'm sure have shaped somewhat who he is, Both intellectually, becausesebd Pursued a lot of interesting things From art to travel-- that have, you know, Made ames who he is today, but it's also made him maybe a little, um, "I'm gonna wait to make sure I trust you and know you Before I completely give you everything." right. Just knowing everything that ames has been through, Makes me understand a lot more about who he is today, and I know that in the future, If there's something bad That could happen in our relationship, I know how he's gonna deal with it. He has a positive outlook on everything that happens. You know, at the end of this, I'm gonna be engaged, and I know it's gonna happen. So that's--you--you want, at the end of this... To be engaged. That you're engaged. Absolutely. I mean, I want it to be the right decision for ames As much as for you, you know? Right. Uh, me, too. You won't find somebody who will say a bad thing about him. I know. Um, so... I know. He's's gat, so great. It's very hard to find a fault in the guy... Oh, yeah. Which is sort of annoying at times. I'm like, really? (laughs) 'cause, like, do you ever look bad? Do you... I know! You know, you're always in good shape... I know. You've gone to the best schools, you know, You--you--you're fun, people love you. Yeah. And he is. He's, you know, he's an amazing person. Good. Good. Well, that's reassurance. That's exactly what I was looking for. (laughs) Good. (laughs) I could absolutely see she really likes ames a lot. I think she's intrigued by him. I think she thinks he's a really wonderful, sweet person. Does she have that passion, that spark? I don't know. I'm not sure. I think ashley--I hope she's gonna walk away Going there--I need to get to know ames more. I need to--I need to take this another step." Ames--he's been an unbelievable son... Mm-hmm. 'cause, um, you know, 'cause I've had some tough times... Mm-hmm. And he's the one that's kinda been there... Yeah. And been the strtrg one. I can guarantee that he is Somebody who stands by your side and really, um... That's what I see in him. You know, he's there when you need him, and he's got, like you, I think he has things he wants to do... Mm-hmm. And I think it'd be fun for you To--to do them together, you know? Yeah, I think we're very similar, so many ways. Yeah, I do, too. I do, too. I do, too, and I think that's good. Yeah. You w--you want to achieve things, but you also want to have a family. I think the world's your oyster. You're both intelligent, you're both adults, You're both serious about what you want to do... Mm-hmm. And it's really up to the two of you. You'll figure it out. I have tremendous faith in both of you. Our relationship has moved a lot slower Than some of the others, but I see so much in him. But that may be-- I think slow isn't bad. Yeah. I'm not--I'm not, um... (clicks tongue) You know, I think that's okay. You know-- They tend to be the more ever-- the more long-laststg. Slow and steady wins the race. Mm-hmm. Exactly. And I think that's--that's--that's good. Jane would make a fabulous mother-in-law. I think she gave me a little bit of reassurance tonight. Maybe love is more of a marathon, but at this point, some of the relationships Are just moving along so quickly, and I feel that passion. I want to feel it with ames so bad, but I'm still missing that romance. I'm still missing the spark between us. How are you doing? Good. Holding up? Yeah. (serena) you know, I just want to see ames and talk to him and have a little personal time with him. I want to ask him some of those serious questions, too, and find out where his heart is. I think ames needs to-- This is where he needs to open up more. He needs to let all of his cards out. He can't hold back at all. I'll--I'll tell you, 'cause I've already talked to ashley and all this... Yeah. I mean, my immediate reaction when you came in was just-- I mean, obviously, you were excited to see us, but you have a spark. Yeah. There's, you know, clearly excitement. Totally. Clearly--clearly, I see, you know, The spark that you've got, but, um, when we got to talk... I started asking her, Um, you know, what she's looking for. She said she's definitely, you know, She's--she's hoping for a ring... Yeah. And hoping to get engaged. Whether that's you or not, I don't know. Yeah. I can't tell. She did say that of all the people, Uh, she doesn't know you as well, maybe is the right way. Okay. Yeah. I mean, but she's so intrigued by you, She's intrigued by your intelligence, She definitely likes you a lot, She sees all the qualities that we all love in you. You know, just get-- the next time you're with her, I would get a little more personal and... Try to open up. Yeah, exactly. I'm with you. So tell me--tell me-- you're honest. I mean, what makes her different for you? Well, she's brilliant, she's smart, she's beautiful, but I threw out the checklist early on with this journey, and I'm really just going on a feeling, and she makes me feel fantastic, and I have that falling in love feeling, Which is difficult to come by... Right. And that's prettttamazing. And my suggestion to you would be is if you feel like there's something there, There's a real connection there... Uh-huh. Yeah. Then I think you need to dig a little deeper with her So she really gets to see the full--the full ames. Absolutely. Totally. Um... It's true we've taken our relationship Slower than anybody. Right. That's what she said. Just make sure that she... That we get there. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. Yeah, I'm with you. Totally. You know, if the passion's there and the spark's there... Yeah. Then, you know, let there be a little fire. Right on. I'm with you. Totally. Serena told me I need to step up the romance with ashley... I'm happy for you. And I know she's right. Now is the time to r rlly open up and bring on the romance. So I feel like today, I'll do whatever it takes to move forward. I love you. I think you're great. Oh! Have a safe, safe trip back and... Thanks for coming. Hopefully, we're looking forward to seeing a lot more of you. (ames) I just thought of a very romantic and unique surprise for ashley. Thank you so much. Come again. I'm just gonna show her the most special place that I know, Which is winter tour, The most beautiful garden in the area, Where magnolia trees are in bloom right now. I think she's gonna love it. This is great. So this is actually a typical afternoon. I'm not even... (laughs) Picnic? A picnic is very typical. I am gonna take you to my favorite tree. This is gorgeous! We made it. A picnic under a magnolia tree is so romantic. I can't think of anything more r rantic in the world. You are the best fit of anybody I've ever brouout home. And just... Really? One thing about you is that you have a positive energy... Mm-hmm. You're smart, independent, sense of humor... I feel like I can learn a lot from you. The same here. I think I can. I want to hear about your boarding school. I I dn't know you went to boarding school. I did. I went to boarding school for high school. I was a pretty bad student at the time. Really? Yeah, like, the worst. It got pretty bad. No. Why do you say that? I think it was a function of, like, My social standing in the class. Okay. Like, I was the--sort of the unpopular guy in the class. And that can play out academically, At least at t young age. In retrospect, I appreciate it, 'cause then, like, you don't take anything for granted... Right. And you don't believe in what's cool and stuff like that, Which is nice. Wow. I was just really nerdy, pretty much. Nerdy's not a bad thing, I don't think. True. You know what I love about you, ames? I feel like you and I think the same, Like our outlook on life is the same. I don't know. I just feel like the way you think about things is exactly what I'm thinking in my head, You know, and, like, how I look at life. I don't know. I feel like we have A lot of similarities in that sense. Yeah, absolutely. Cheers. (clink) It's nice when you don't have to, like, stretch yourself To have a good time, which is totally exciting. Yeah. It's the best when the ordinary is extraordinary, I think. There's this italian renaissance way of being romantic. Mm-hmm. They call it sprezzatura,  Which is where you try and be as romantic as possible, but, like, through your ordinary life. There's so much more magic in the ordinarar Life isn't all, like, fireworks, and so if you can have romantic things Come, like, from inside you... Yeah. And you have that spark. You know, you're like no other guy. You really--I've never met somebody like you. I don't believe it, but thanks. It's true. The people that said you were unpopular-- Whoever made you feel unpopular when you were younger-- They're stupid. (ames) we had the most amazing kiss ever. I feel like time is standing still Beneath this magnolia tree, and... I don't think I've had such a beautiful moment In all of my life. This is the brandywine river. This is beautiful. Today has been so romantic and so beautiful. I'm absolutely totally falling in love with ashley. This is fabulous. Something's a little magical and unexpected about it. The next time my family meets ashley, Ashley and I could be engaged. Ashley : today was exactly what I've been looking for. I feel like we have a very, very real connection. This could be a storybook romance That I'll tell my children about forever. (horse neighs) Coming up... Woman : benjamin. (ben) I'm really nervous. Walking into the house, I'm bringing home this woman Who could be my fiancee. So... Can you see yourself getting engaged? Ashley : we're holding hands. The disco ball is turnrng, and I feel like I'm back in seventh grade. I love it. (laughs) At the end of all this, Someone's heart's gonna get broken. Are you pretty certain about us, like--like our relationship? (bleats) (ben) we're in sonoma, california. This is my hometown. This is where I grew up, and ashlhl's here, and I'm really excited to show it to her. Ashley and I's relationship is progressing greatly. It feels very natural. So this is the next step-- Introduce her to the--the family. Hi, ash. Aah! How are you? How are you? Good. How are you? Aah! (laughs) Oh! Good to see you. Good to see you. Ashley : ben is so sexy-- the hair, The fashion, the sense of humor. He's a winemaker. It's just so cool. Everything about him screams sexiness to me. It's my turn... To surprise you all day. Let's go! All right. (insects chirping) (ben) today I wanna take ashley To the winery for a little picnic, and we'll taste some of my wines, and, uh, No, it's important that she sees, You know, all of these things 'cause those are things that I do when I come home. We make all of our wine out of this winery. Am I gonna be able to taste your wine today? Yes. (gasps) Lots and lots of it. 
 
 ♪ Oh, my gosh. (gasps) We are going to get some wine and then take it to a little picnic spot. (gasps) Ashley : ben hasaso many sides to him. I've seen the playfulness, I've seen the seriousness, I've seen the emotion, and being here in sonoma, he's walking around Withtho much knowledge and passion for what he does. I'm seeing the romance and the sophistication. These are all bordeaux varietals. I love that this is yours, you know? The fruits of my labor, yeah. It's gonna mean so much more drinking it. We'll come in and taste our wines every... Two or three weeks. This is-- this is young stuff. This is the last vintage. Cheers... (clink) cheers. To you coming to sonoma, being in my hometown. Thank you. And me really wanting you here. So cool. Mmm. Mmm. I wish my mother was here. She would love this. (taps fingers) She can come v vit during the holidays. Right? Yeah. Sounds good. Yeah. Deal? Deal. (thunder rumbles) (ben) uh, it's a big step To bring a girl home to meet my mother. Um, I've only done it a couple times, uh, in my life. And, uh, from an emotional standpoint, I've been pretty guarded since my Dad died, but I think this is a good experience for me In just opening up and--and letting go. Um, it's scary and exciting, and I'm glad that it's happened to me. So you're having a nice time? Having a great day. Even though it's raining, I don't care. Yeah, it's not bothering me any. (inhales deeply) I'm liking this. Me, too. And you-- I'm excited for tonight. I was gonna say, you ready to meet the fam? I think so. Shouldn't--should I be warned of anything? I don't bring a lot of women home. In fact, I've only brought... Mm. One to meet my mother. Are you serious? Yeah. It's kind of a big deal. That is a big deal. It's kind of a big deal. Does that make you nervous? I'm not nervous about it, for some reason. Makes me nervovo. Does it? It's nice to know That I feel confident in bringing you home... Mm-hmm. 'cause I like where this is headed. Okay. I know we've talked about that... Mm-hmm. Especially on our last date. I want you to know that I--I'm really happy that you're here, and I'm really happy that you're gonna meet my mom, and it is a big deal to me. My mom is, like, an east--she's an east coast girl at heart... Okay. But she's lived on the west coast for a very long time. And then my sister lives in san francisco, and she... She's a super cool girl. We're super close, and just one of my best friends. She's great. So tell me, if--if your father was there, and I would go meet him, how would he be? Like, what would he be like? Um... My Dad was like a-- like a gentle giant. He was a big dude, but really happy... Okay. And kind of soft-spoken, You know, didn't say a lot, but super, super happy, just about life, Jovial. I'I'sure he would've loved ya. He knows that, you know, just like my mom and sister, I'm--I'm a good judge of character and I surround myself with really good people, so... It'd be really good. Cool. He would've liked ya. Uh, do you think your father's passing Brought you guys a lot closer? I... Our grieving process was relatively similar. Mm-hmm. We reached out to a lot of friends, and we flew over to, um, Italy and slovenia, Where his family is from. We buried his ashes At the base of my grandfather's apple tree... Wow. You know, at, like, our--our old home there. Mm-hmm. So it's been a little harder for my mom, but, you know, with the support of my sister and I, It's been--it's been good, and I think She's fifilly getting past a lot of that stuff. Mm-hmm. Um, it just takes time. How come you've only brought one person home? It just hasn't felt right? Yeah, it just hasn't felt right. I mean, a lot of my relationships in the past Haven't lasted all that long. Mm-hmm. And... I think that, You know, a lot of it was me. Most of it was me. And the--the difference now is that this process Has really kind of put me in touch With... The emotional ben. Wow. And a different side. And are you liking this different side? I do like this side. It's like freedom of expression, you know? Good. Mm-hmm. I'm not scared to, like, Share my feelings or anything, so... I think I'm most nervous to meet ben's family Because there's a lot of pressure on this date for ben. You know, I know his family's been through a lot recently, and I know how important this is to him and I really want tonight to work. It's serious, and y--they have to... Like you... Right. And I would, you know, hope that you like them back, too. Mm-hmm. Um, because it needs to work. It needs to be good. Umumotherwise... It just doesn't work for me. You know, it's weird. I mean, but, like, that's how it is, kinda. My mom and my sister are everything to me, and I don't see there any reason... Mm-hmm. For them not to like you, Especially, you know, when I talk to 'em and will say such kind words about the woman you are... Thank you. And the way, you know, you make me feel. Now I'm really nervous. (laughs) Are you? A little bit. Oh, don't be nervous. No? No. I'm confident in--in us. Mm-hmm. All right. This is really it. (ben) it's a huge deal for me to bring someone home, You know, I-I couldn't marry A woman that my mom and sister didn't approve of, So it's of the u uost importance That ashley gets along with my mom and my sister. They are all that I have. For your chance to be on the bachelor," Come to our final casting event of the season July 22nd in san diego. To find out more, Click the casting link at bachelor.Abc.Com. (birds chirping) I am really nervous walking into the house. I'm bringing home this woman who could potentially be my fiancee. There he is. (laughs) don't peek. I would be completely devastated If ashley didn't get along with my mom or sister Because they mean everything to me. They are my world, and if things don't go well, It might be the end for ashley and I. You ready? Yeah. Hello! Benjamin! Hello. Hi, mom. Peaks indistinctly) Ashley, this is my mom barbara. Hi. Nice to meet you, barbara. Nice to meet you. Hi. I'm a hugger. How are you? Good. So my mom and my sister julia. Hi. Hi. How are you, julia? How are you? Good. How are you? Good. Nice to meet you guys. Well, welcome. We've got a great dinner for you guys. So are you guys hungry? Yeah. Yeah. I was so shocked when ben told me That he only brought home one e rl in the past. Yeah, a little toast. (julia) yeah, let's toast. (barbara) yeah, a little toast. Ashley : it makes me feel special... Having ashley here and meeting everybody and seeing you two. Thank you so much for havingnge. You're welcome. But then also nervous. That kinda puts a lot of pressure on me. So did you notice ben right off the bat? I mean, was there something that-- Oh, yeah. It--I l-- was it his hair? (laughs) It was his hair, honestly. Look at my mom. I--no, I'm gonna be completely honest. The hair. (speaks indistinctly) See, mom, , told you that-- that his hair is his thing. (laughs) Of course this one... Right. Would, you know, make it this far, you know? Did it surprise you guys? I'm the one-- I don't know if he told you-- That signed him up for it, and-- Well, thank you. (laughs) (laughs) you know, I-I love my brother, and, you know, you've dated girls, but they haven't really stuck around too long, and I haven't necessarily liked some of them. Some of them. Sure. Fair. Um, so, yeah, I mean-- Very--she's been very protective. That's good. Yeah, I'm actually more protective over him Than, you know, you may think. It's been an emotional experience. I've really been able to kininof get in touch with... The emotional side of me that I never was before. Mm-hmm. I've been able to kind of share with--with ashley How I feel, and it's worked out nicely. We've gogoa good thing going on. Yeah. Yeah. (julia) ashley seems really sweet, but I am skeptical. I want to protect him and protect our family and make sure how he feels about ashley and if it was indeed Actually, you know, true and real feelings. Welcome home. Thanks. It's good to be here. (clink) Yeah. I know you were saying That, um, that you've opened up, you know, a lot Throughout this whole time, but, you know, was ashley helping you with that? You know, was there something that, like, triggered you, Like, really wanting to let your guard down? Yeah. I mean... The thing with ashshy is that it's just kind of effortless, Which is what I really, really like about it. I've expressed to her More than I've expressed to anyone My feelings, Uh, in probably six years. Yeah. You know? And it's weird. And it's... (chuckles) It's scary and it's exciting, and I'm... I'm into it. I'm really into it. Did he have long hair when he was really, really young? Of course not. I still had my power over him. Okay. Okay. (laughs) (laughs) but these are just some, you know, things I-- (muffled voice) oh, my goodness. This was probably one of my favorite pictures where-- (normal voice) look at that. Oh, my goodness. They are so cute. So have they always been this close? Really, they have. And the last trip we had togethehe Um, we all went to paris. Have you fallen for her? Everything that I'm feeling is natural. And ashley is... She's one-of-a-kind. She's incredible. Yeah. So can you see yourself getting engaged at the end of this If you--I mean, if she does pick you? If things keep progressing the way that they are and the way that they have been, um, I have no problem proposing. (julia) for a long time, I've been wanting to see Kind of a deeper side to my brother, Because losing my Dad and stuff, He's kind of shut off a certain amount of himself, and for the first time in a really long time, I could tell that he was in touch with his emotions. I think he--I think he actually knows what he wants. Like I said earlier, This whole process has made me kind of open up. I've been hoping that this has been a good experience, and that-- It's been one of the best experiences of my life. It's changed from just being an adventure To actually having feelings for this girl. She's incredible. She's really great. And, you know, I haven't told her that I love her. I'm not forcing anything... Mm-hmm. But I told her that I like her, and I like her a lot, and I like, you know, where things are going with her. And... This was-- Watching you and Dad... Mm-hmm. Um, you know, being married all those years, Is something that, you know, myself and julia Are always talking about and wanting to model. You know, dating ashley, , it's been an eye-opening experience. There--there were times where I was looking back on, You know, the first couple years after Dad died, and how I... I should have been a better son, and I should have done things differently, and I have regrets about those things. I've come to terms with those, and I've realized That I should have been there more in the beginning. All were, you know, Having our own separate hurtssi, and I think you were-- You were really coping with it the best you could. I should have done it differently. I should have. But remember, that's the past... It is. And it's nice that you've acknowledged that. I really appreciate it. And I think that Dad, You know, really is looking down on us. It's his birthday tomorrow. And, you know, he's probably, You know, thinking well done." Doing okay. And I think he would be proud of you. I really do. My Dad's always with me. He's... Uh, everything that... I am today, So I know that, um... He's proud of me, like my mom told me, and that I'm doing the right thing. So... (sighs deeply) um... I miss him. I do. I love you, ben. I love you, too, mom. I'm so glad you're home. At the same time, It's nice to know that my mom is very supportive. She's become even more supportive In the last couple years becacae... (sniffles) She knows that... (sniffles) You know, there's not a whole lot of family left. Thank you for inviting me into your home. Of course. Any time. (laughs) And things are different today Because, you know, my mom and my sister got to meet Someone that I liked and I care about. So nice to meet you. You, too. It really was a pleasure. And it's times like these where I'm really happy that... I wish he could see it, but he can't. (sniffles) I can't believe today's already over. I know. It went really quick. So good. So great. You have a nice time? Yeah. I mean, over-the-top for me. Good. Yeah. I'm glad. Just a little taste, little sample. There's a lot more to this town. I love it. I loved it. Your family's so great. Good. It's really hard to say good-bye to ashley. I'm glad I'm startinggto f, and this is more real than it's ever been. I'm very happy today. I'll miss you. Miss you, too. Ashley : tonight was absolutely incredible. There are so many great things that I see in ben, and I know his family sees the same thing in him. I could see myself spending the rest of my life with him. Coming up... Oh, my goodness. Ashley : I feel so comfortable around J.P. We're holding hands. The disco ball is turning, and I feel like I'm back in seventh grade. Hello? Hi! (J.P.) I hope that ashley knows that bringing her home To meet my family is very important. I'I'very guarded because I never want to see your heart broken. After my last relationship, They may be a little bit protective of me. Are you in love with her? (J.P.) I'm so happy to be back here on long island, and I can't wait to see ashley. It's really important for ashley to meet my family. I want them to get a chance to see What I have been seeing for the past t t months. Hi! I finally have her all to myself today. Mm! It's good to be able to forget about the other guys. I didn't sleep a-- like, a wink last night. What? Yeah. Not-- not for, like, a second. Why? Why? Anxious, I think. Mm. You look great. (singsongy) thanks. So do you! Thanks. (normal voice) all right, where to? It was supposed to be raining all day, So I planned something, like, silly and fun That I used to do a lot when I was a kid. What did you do? So anyway, thinknkf, like, indoor activities in the rain. Ashley : J.P. Has a surprise for me today, and I have no idea what it's gonna be. Wanna go? Yeah, let's go. To be honest, I do not care what we're doing today. As long as we're together, I cold walk down the street for three hours and be just as happy as doing something extravagant. Okay. Any last guesses? I have no idea. No clue? No clue. All right, come on. Should I open my eyes? Yeah, you can look. No! (laughs) The surprise that J.P. Has for me is that we're going roller-skating. I can rollerblade and I can figure skate,  So I think we're gonna have a great time. This is gonna be really cute and fun. I agree. (baby voice) you're gonna be so cute. When I was growing up, I think one of every four birthday parties Were at laces, this roller-skating rink. I mean, I've been roller-skating before, Just not... In a long time. Me neither. I'm so excited to see this. (laughs) I am, too. Ah. (giggles) is that how you do it? Please be careful. I feel like we're-- we're missing something, though. What do you mean? I don't know. We need, like, ambiance. Yeah, we do. Oh, my goodness. ("can't fight this feeling" playing) Who do you think's gonna fall first? Listen, if you fall... I don't know. I'm not gonna think that's sexy. (laughs) We're holding hands, the disco ball is turning, and I feel like I'm back in seventh grade. I love it. ♪I can't fight this feeling any longer ♪ 
♪ and yet I'm still afraid to let it flow ♪ I'm probably gonna fall before you do. ♪what started out as friendship ♪ 
♪ has grown stronger ♪ 
♪ I only wish I had the strength to let it show ♪ 
♪ and I can't fight this feeling anymore ♪ 
♪ I've forgotten what I started fighting for ♪ I should have told you that I used to be a figure skater. Did you? Yeah. That's not fair. I know-- Oh, you're way too comfortable on those. Whoa! (laughing) (music stops) Now I'm gonna fall. Oh. (laughs) (baby voice) you're so cute. (kisses) That was a cute fall. I just didn't want to make you feel bad. I didn't want you to be the first one to fall. But it was cute. I feel so great about my relationship with J.P. I just keep thinking about how lucky I am to be here with him. Super classy-- paper cups and wine. I know. I love it. We're at a skating rink. I mean, it doesn't matter. Yeah, that's a good point. Thank you. Welcome home, to my home. Mm. Thanks. Thanks for having me. How's it feel to be home? It feels great to be home. Does it? Yeah. Especially to have you here, like... Does it make it all more real? To share--share it with someone. Yeah, completely. Mm-hmm. Like, later's gonna be even more so. Oh, gosh. Yeah. So you are going to meet... My mother. Her name's ilene. Okay. My father is peter... Okay. My brother roy... Mm-hmm. And his girlfriend andrea. Okay. I'm so excited to meet them. They are my... World. Mm-hmm. Like, I've probably Only taken home four girls to meet my parents, my family. That's not a lot... And... For you, since you... I mean, no, Since you're just a little bit older. Yeah. Yeah. I like that. That sounds much better. Just a little bit older. I-I hope that ashley knows that bringing her home To meet my parents, my family, Is very, very, very important to me. I think after my last relationship, They may be a little bit protective of me, but my family's my support system, and they saw how hard it was for me. So four girls, okay. Yeah. Um, and the last one didn't turn out so well. Mm-hmm. It--it went well bringing her home... Mm-hmm. But it turned out terribly and--and, um, I was--I mean, I was... I was hurt. And I think the ononthing that really kind of Made it fail was that there was never, like, Reassurance that things were okay. There was always some cause for, like, doubt, concern. For you or for her? Things that she did that would cause me To question the relationship. Do you--are you pretty certain about us, Like--like our relationship? 100%. Really? Yeah. Mm. My last relationship changed me, compmptely changed me. Okay. I mean, you can ask my family when you see them, You know, how am I different now Than from when I was in my 20s, and they'll tell you. I'm wondering... I know I keep dwelling on you being single for so long, but how--why-- how are you so sure About us and--and you haven't been so sure... Well... Your whole life about girls? You know, it's-- it's so weird how, like, I'm on such a high when I'm with you... Mm-hmm. And then when I'm without you, it's, like, It's--it's--it's miserable. It sucks. Really? Yeah, I don't want to be without you. Do you have concerns? (sighs) At the end of all this... Mm-hmm. Someone--someone's heart's gonna get broken, but unless I completely, Like, completely put myself out there and expose my vulnerability and--and allow myself to get hurt, There's no way that we could ever work. So I have accepted the fact that at the end of all this, If I get completely crushed and heartbroken, At least I can walk away saying I gave that everything I had and--and I was openn to everyt, and it just didn't work out. There is potential for me to get seriously hurt here, Another broken heart, but... I'm willing to risk it all for the chance at falling in love. Should we go meet your family? I think we should. All right, let's go. For your chance to be on the bachelor," Come to our final casting event of the season July 22nd ininan diego. To find out more, Click the casting link at bachelor.Abc.Com. Did you grow up here? Yeah. 33 years. (J.P.) today my parents meet ashley, D needless to say, it's super important That my family approves and signs off on her, Because there's potential for this girl that I bring home To be their future daughter-in-law. My family is--is protective of me. I think after the last breakup, They don't want to see me get hurt again. Hello. Hi! (laughs) Hi! I'm ashley. Nice to meet you. Ashley : today I'm meeting J.P.'s mother ilene, His brother roy, Roy's beautiful girlfriend andrea, and his father peter. They're hugging us, and there's much positive energy. There are a few tears, and it's just a great welcome. (man clears throat) (indistinct conversations) Please enjoy yourselves. The more carbs, the better. It's been a long time. It's a long time to be away. Were you guys surprised to hear that we were coming here? We were all rooting for J.P. (all laugh) We were all hoping That--that things would be gooo for both of you. When we had our first date, it was--it was so real. Well, that--the first date was like the first step. Mm-hmm. Somewhere between phuket and hong kong, It turned very real. I've seen J.P. Hurt in the past, and the fear is definitely there, Uh, that he does get hurt again. We're just so comfortable with each other. I guess I was a bit surprised That he seems to have fallen so far so fast. Can I offer anyone more lasagna? That's more carbs than I've had in six weeks. (laughs) (laughs) you have-- you are sunburned. U're really red. Yeah, it's hot in here. It's hot? I have the air conditioning on. Are you shy? No. (laughter)r) Are you shy? As a mother, I am concerned That opening himself up to finding love is not very hard for J.P. Thank you. But in being so open, You do allow yourself to be vulnerable and to possibly get hurt. Okay. So what do you wanna ask? (laughs) I have... You--you can go first. I have so many questions to ask you. And I have-- I have a lot of answers. All right. First of all, She is a terrific young lady. I know. She's incredible. She's terrific. But I'm very guarded because as a mother, I never want to see your heart broken The way it was broken before. And--and believe me, I don't want to feel that way ev-ever, ever again. But unless I just let go of everything and believe in what we have, It can't work. Are you in love with her? Wow. You just came right out and asked. I was direct. Um, there are a lot of signs That point towards it. Okay. I just, um, I think I'm having a difficulty Admitting it yet. I've seen your heart broken, and I've seen you come through an awful lot of pain. I-I don't think I'm gonna get my heart broken. I really don't. She and d have something That I-I really don't think she has with any other-- I know she doesn't have with any of the other guys. And you feel confident? I-I do. I do. Okay, so now my next question. Um... I know what it's gonna be, but go ahead. You can ask it anyway. Will you propose to her? If I feel it, yeah. Why y t? If I'm in love with her and if I-- What's to stop me from proposing now Versus three months from now, six months from now? I'm open to the possibility that I might, and I want you guys to be open to the possibility That if he feels it, he's gonna propose to her. (ilene) the thought of what will happen As far as J.P. Proposing to ashley Had me concerned. I think ashley fits in very nicely with this family. So have a seat, please. She's bubbly, she's warm, but t m just a little... Guarded. I have to tell you something. J.P. Has, of course, had other relationships. Mm-hmm. And, um, one in particular broke his heart... Truly broke his heart, and it was such a painful thing for parents... Oh, absolutely. Or as a mother, to watch. I just am so scared... Yeah. That his heart will be broken because he looks at you With love in his eyes. And so I'm nervous. You're nervous? Obviously, J.P. Has only you to think about... I know. But you've had all these other men That you have had to think about. Mm-hmm. How do you do that? How--how do you pick people? That's a really good question. Um... Have I put you on the spot enough? You can put me on the spot as much as you want. You look happy. I'm--I'm--I'm... You look completely different than when you left. Really? Yeah. I've been happy since the start, Except for I had a few days in taipei Where I was-- I wasn't doing well. To watch her go out with these other guys... Right. It just--it tore me up. And I didn't-- Well, that's how you know that at least you're-- The feelings are there. Yeah. Absolutely. It is there. It is there? It is there. Do you think she feels the same way about you That you do about her? I can't tell you 100% Because I don't know if she feels that way 100%. Yeah. I mean, nothing's 100%. And after what you've kinda been through With past girlfriends and stuff like that... Yeah. You're okay to opening up to her and potentially getting hurt at the end? I'm okay with it, even if I do. Okay. I have to be, because if I'm-- if I'm afraid, Then what am I doing? Like, you know... Yeah. I might as well just pack it in right now. And I've accepted the fact that somebody's heart, At the end of this, is gonnanaet broken. Yeah. It's gonna happen. I want it to end now. I want her to pick me now... Right. And I want just to go on and--and be with her. Right. Obviously, from my perspective, I just don't want to see you... Get hurt. Yeah. (chuckles) Right. The truth is, yeah, j-- I-I have three other guys besides J.P., So I use my gut a lot to make decisions. But I learned along this journey That I have to use my head as well. I am smitten by your son, and we have something that is veryrypecial to me. That's a very nice thing to hear from you. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. That's the best thing in the world to hear from you. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. It's very nice to see J.P.'s smile return to him again, and as a mother... Good. That is the only thing That you want to see in your child... Mm-hmm. Is for them to be happy. You're a beautiful young lady. Thank you. More importantly than on the outside, I see J.P. Look at you As a beautiful young lady on the inside. Thank you. You're so sweet! Where are--you're sweet. After speaking with ashley, I think that I see a spark in her face also, Which would be very wonderful for the two of them. Today was great. Today was a lot of fun. Ashley : it was perfect. Wait a second. What are you getting? (ilene) I'll show you in just a moment. Ashley : uh-oh. I don't know. Don't look at me. So we have something else to show you. No, I-I swear to god. Oh, no! No! No! Oh! (laughter) (andrea) that's fantastic. Things were going so well. Oh, my god. That was for J.P.'s bar mitzvah. (laughter) (J.P.) it's kinda like a cross between kirk cameron and... (ilene) doogie howser. Yeah, maybe that was the other one. Oh... My... Goodness! Yeah, yeah, yeah. (andrea) that's an awesome call. It is. You're right. Doogie howser. That's a sweet mullet. (ilene) I think that's a beautiful picture. (all laugh) Today went absolutely perfectly. I wouldn't have changed a thing. It's exactly how you want The introduction to the family to go. (kisses) today was amazing. Was it? Amazing. So good for me, too. Things just keep getting better and better and better, but for some reason, I can't sit here and say I am in love with ashley yet. I think I'm a little afraid to maybe fully admit how I feel. Maybe when I am one of the last two, Maybe then I'll be strong enough to say it. When I finally can say, Without any sort of hesitation, That I love her, it will feel absolutely amazing. Hey! Hey, Chris! Welcome back. It's good to see you. Good to see you. Oh! We're home. Ashley : the last time I was here at the mansion, I had 12 guys. And I'm coming back with only four. There have been so many surprises and so many devastating moments. But I'm so happy that everything happened 'cause it's led me to right here. You know the last time we were here, sitting in this room? Was it that night? You canceled the cocktail party... Oh, my goodness. Because of bentley. That was the night-- who was that? Yeah, I know. Isn't that funny? (laughs) I mean, now it's amusing... I know, it's funny. To think how much has transpired since we sat in this room In these chairs last time. You know... Not to say I'm glad that it happened, but whatever happened for me to get to where I'm at right now... Yeah. I'm grateful for. I needed to know the truth about the relationship, and the truth was that it wasn't reciprocated and it wasn't--in turn it wasn't a real relationship. Yeah. So I didn't lo--I didn't have anything to lose. Right. You know? This has been a whirlwind. Mm-hmm. I mean, literally halfway around the world, Traveling around asia, and now traveling around the United States, Visiting these guys in hometowns. Was it good? Hometowns were great. The four guys I have here are exceptional individuals. Let's talk about these guys. Okay. You went to atlanta to visit constantine. Yeah. The best hometown date. Hi! Hey! Something about constantine's date That had so much depth, so much warmth, and I learned a lot about him-- Why he is the way he is in this relationship. He moves slowly. When he's making a tough decision, He really exhausts all his options. I see how comfortable you are around them, and I-I love that. Yeah. I love the fact that you just jumped right in and enjoyed it. I feel like I understand you more. I'm so happy right now. Thank you. (laughs) thank you. Appreciate it. It made me think, wow. I think I could be a part of this. I mean, he's always been really attractive to me... Yeah. But there's more depth to our relationship now. The hometown date I think... Everybody was maybe wondering about the most was ames. Oh, gosh. So good to see you! You look beautiful. How are you? Great. You look great. Welcome. Thank you! I was going in saying, I wanna know where ames came from... Right. Because he's so unique and he's so intelligent. Our conversations are stimulating. He makes me learn about myself. He makes me learn about life, being positive. There's so many things that I learn from ames. There's this italian renaissance way of being romantic. Mm-hmm. They call it sprezzatura... Mm-hmm. Which is where you try and be as romantic as possible but, like, through your ordinary life. There's so much more magic in the ordinary. He seems like he's a very sweet guy Who cares about you a lot. He really is and he really does. Ames is everything I was looking for. He would be the best husband. So you had this winemaker... Mm-hmm. Ben up in sonoma-- northern california. What were you expecting from him, and did you see that? He surprised me. He planned such a good date. How are you? How are you? Good. How are you? Aah! (laughs) mm! (ashley) it was perfect. Honestly, the date was perfect. It was everything that I hoped for... And more, really. Cheers... Cheers. To you coming to sonoma and being in my hometown... I know. Thank you for having me. And me really wanting yoyo here. Something else I also o ticed-- I saw a different side of ben-- An emotional side, a vulnerable side, A very nervous side. I think he was nervous to see how his family Was gonna take everything in. Should I be warned of anything? I... Don't bring a lot of women home. In fact, I've only brought... Mm. One to meet my mother. Are you serious? Yeah. So it's kind of a big deal. When we walked into his house, he was so nervous. Yeah. Oh, hi! Hi, mom. Which is funny. He's such a cool, confident guy all the time. I know. You met his family. Mm-hmm. What was it like? They were sophisticated and... Educated and thoughtful and warm. So welcoming. It was really special to me. So you left sonoma. Where did you go from there? I went to long island to meet J.P.'s family. (laughs) hi. (laughs) (chuckles, voice breaks) oh, I'm so happy. It was great. His family was so easy to talk to. His mother was the sweetest woman. Chris : yeah. She was so warm. You are--you're a beautiful young lady. Thank you. More importantly than on the outside, I see J.P. Look at you As a beautiful young lady on the inside. Thank you. You're so sweet! Where are-- you're sweet. Everybody in their family was so open and accepting, and I felt really good about J.P.'s hometown. It went exactly how I hoped it would. I mean, I just told him straight up, "I fell in love with your family." Up to this point, any regrets? Chris, I am proud to say, I have no regrets. I'm so happy with those four guys. I'm so happy, and I think any-- It's hard to say good-bye to anybody, Especially now I met these guys' families, So it's so m mh more than just saying good-bye to somebody, but it's saying good-bye to, you know, what could-- What could have been. You have a tough decision to make. Think about what you want to say... Yeah. And when you're ready, come join us. All right. Yeah. All right? Thanks, Chris. Good luck. ♪ Ashley : tonight is gonna be so hard. If it were up to me, I would take all l ur of these guys To the next destination and go on more dates, but the truth is, I need to start really figuring things out and making some tough decisions, and that starts tonight. Time is running out, but I'm in such a good place right now. I'm ready. I'm ready to find my husband. Chris : well, gentlemen, good evening. Welcome back to los angeles. You know, I was just talking to ashley About how much has changed Since the last time we were in this room and in this house, and not just the travel, but how much has changed emotionally, How much your relationships with her have changed. Now we're back to where it all began. Four of you here tonight. Three roses. One of you will be going home tonight. I wish you all the best, and if you're ready, here's ashley. (ashley whispers) hey, Chris. Hi. When you're ready. Okay. It's so good to see all of you. Um, I had the best week this week. Meeting all of your families was just... Over-the-top for me. You know, I came here looking for just a good man and a family man, and I definitely saw that this week In each and every one of you. Thank you guys so much for inviting me into your homes and making me feel like a part of your families. All your families were so warm and welcoming, So it doesn't make a night like this Easy for me at all. ♪ Ben. Ben, will you accept this rose? I will. (whispers) okay. Thanks. (kisses) J.P. J.P., will you accept this rose? Yes. Ashley, gentlemen, It's the final rose tonight. When you're ready. ♪ Constantine. Constantine, will you accept this rose? I will. Mm. (sighs) Ames, I'm sorry. Take a moment. Say your good-byes. (speaking indistinctly) Hi. ♪ Well... This is not easy, ames. I, like, I care so much about you, and I want you to know that. And I'm lucky to have you in my life. Um... Yeah. Uh... I'm, you know, composed l the time, but just not now. I don't know what that's... (chuckles) You're an exceptional person... Thanks, ames. And, um... I've been so impressed all the way through. Thank you, ames. It's been totally beautiful and full of the unexpected and... Even more poetic than I would've ever imagineded. And I'll remember every second of it For the rest of my life. Right. I will, too. So... I don't know. ♪ All right, ames. Thank you so much. (whispsps) thank you. Thank you. (normal voice) you, too. Thanks, ames. Bye, ames. Bye. (engine starts) ♪ (ames) I feel pretty numb at the moment. I've fallen in love with somebody Who clearly did not fall in love with me back, and... I just wonder, you know, what it was. I was really excited to see what was gonna happen Between the two of us next... And that's something I'm never gonna get to know. You know, I was just hoping to share A lifetime of adventures with this beautiful woman, and... Now I'm back to sharing A lifetime of adventures with myself... (chuckles) which is, uh... Less enticing. More than anything, I want to be loved, and I hope I find love. It's difficult, Because I thought I might have found it, but in fact, I guess not. ♪ I'm really glad you guys are here. Thank you. And... Yes. I'm excited to move forward with you guys, and I have to tell you guys that The place we're going next is a place I've dreamed of going my whole life. We are going to the tropical islands of... Fiji. Ohh. Yes. (laughter) Yes. Oh, yeah. Cheers. (clink) Next week on the bachelorette"... Ashley : fiji is the most beautiful place I've ever imagined. (engine rumbling) whoa! (laughs) Ashley : it's the ultimate place to fall in love. (whirring) (filtered voice) that was the coolest thing I've ever done. (J.P.) to be able to experience Something like this with ashley... Oh! (laughs) It's once in a lifetime. (ben) today couldn't have been more perfect. I am falling for this girl. I really am. Ashley : and he's somebody that I can r rlly see myself Spending the rest of my life with. I can say, I am really falling in love with him. Do you feel like you're gonna know enough about me For us to potentially leave here engaged? Am I ready to do it right now? No. Ashley : this is not how I saw my night going at all. It's over right here. He made a decision, and I think that actions speak louder than words. ♪ (knock on door) Ashley : what is going on? I can't believe you flew to fiji. And in two weeks... Oh, my god! (laughs) It's the dramatic season finale. (crying) the first thing that you say walking in here is, Like, "oh, he's not for you." I don't think he is. Ashley : my family's approval is really important, and I'm devastated. I'm trying to protect you from yourself. Why can't you feel for me for a second? I'm trying to figure it out, but you just comomacross Like you're being such a bitch. This is my decision, and I think that I learned today That I have to maybe trust my own feelings. I know I've made the right decision, and I fell in love. I feel so happy. Today marks the first day of my love story. It's all coming up on... Now I gotta see if you can take an order. (laughs) I kn you c give e ordeders, but can you take orders? Who am I--whose order am I taking? Yours? One of my-- one of the customers. No. We're going outside. We got-- no! Yeah. (laughs) this is--this is it. (laughs) How are you? How are you? Doing good. Welcome to giorgio's. Well, thank you. Can I take your order? What, uh, what would you suggest? We just made a really delicious pizza, Sosony pizza, I think, would be a good choice. I'll take what you suggested. Really? Yes. Would you like breadsticks? No, I think I'm good with this. You're good? Okay. Yeah. Man : thank you. (chuckles) thanks. (chuckles) nice job. (laughs) I like how you--I like how you asked about breadsticks. It'll l me through in about seven minutes. That's it? (bell dings) Look at that. That looks really good. Can I do it like this? What, are you powerlifting? Can I powerlift it like that? All right. I didn't order all this. Yeah, you ordered all-- (chuckles) Well, I actually added a couple extra things for you Because I thought you were just a special gentleman. (chuckles) well done. Very nice. Are you guys hiring? (laughs) 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 