Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 06x10 - The Men Tell All - The Bachelorette 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 06x10 - The Men Tell All https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=292&t=18287 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 07/29/10 00:59 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 06x10 - The Men Tell All 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Tonight on The Bachelorette... 
 It's the reunion show You won't want to miss... 
 Welcome to the Bachelorette, The men tell all." 
 Because the most memorable men of the season are here, and they're not holding anything back... Dude, you (bleep) out. Oh, absolutely not, dude. The weatherman... You threw someone else under the bus to get you a rose. Well, then you don't know me very well. Kirk... Frank knew how I felt about Ali, Yet, he kept from me the opportunity To really advance my relationship with Ali. And Kasey... He was acting as if he was in love with her, I said I wanted to guard and protect her heart In the very beginning, but the main thing is, I want that reciprocated. Kase, you're (bleep) crazy. (laughter) what do the guys really think about Justin? He was there for one thing, that's to make himself famous. Chris N. : he's a little fame whore. This guy's a phony. You can sense it right away. Craig R. : the guy is evil. So he played you guys, too? And a surprise guest is here to reveal the shocking truth About the most controversial man of the season. He's two-timing these women, and they live five minutes apart? And then... Please welcome Ali! Ali must face the men she rejected. I know it's tough to see these guys. My heart is racing. It's crazy. I'm a little nervous. Kasey, the floor is yours. All in all, I had such a good time, and there's really only one thing I could say about it, and that is... Hold on. It's all coming up on this special edition of The Bachelorette, The Men Tell All! (cheering) Woman : Whoo! Woman : Whoo-hoo! Thank you very much. Hello. Thank you. Hello, everybody, and welcome to the Bachelorette, The men tell all." I'm Chris Harrison. Romance, love, betrayal, heartbreak, and, of course, a lot of tears... What a dramatic journey it's been. One of the most watched seasons in this show's history... Ali, our beautiful bachelorette from San Francisco, Started her search for love with 25 handsome men. But each week, her journey took one shocking turn after another As Ali discovered which of the men were Really here for her and which men were not. Now only two men remain... Chris and Roberto. (cheering) Wow. And all of America is watching to see Which one of these amazing men will become Ali's husband. Chris and Roberto are not here tonight... (audience groans) But the men... yeah, I know. Sorry... But the men that Ali sent home will be, and we definitely have a lot to talk about with those guys. But before we get to the guys, I sat down with Ali To get her personal take on some of the highlights of the season. Ali, you had an amazing journey, Literally around the world, with some interesting men. Let's talk about some of these guys. First, let's talk about rated-r, Justin. What was your first instinct when you heard That the guys thought he was insincere? You know, I just thought it was Because of the rated-r thing. And, I mean, I guess in the end,  That is sort of what it was... Right. But at the time, that wasn't enough for me Not to want to get to know him better. He was so sweet. I remember him walking out of the limo... What happened? And thinking, what a sweet, nice guy. Yeah. I had a really good first impression of him. Well, he always said and did the right thing. I mean, he was good. Honestly, the reason why I'm here is for you. Mm-hmm. And I'm not here to play games. I'm here to actually Not only meet a wife but also meet a best friend. Let's fast-forward to Istanbul, Turkey... The morning that I came to your room, and we called his girlfriend in Canada. Mm-hmm. (Jessica, crying) basically, me and Justin have been dating For the past... almost two years now. I was hurting for her because I had only known Justin For a matter for weeks. Right. She had been betrayed by him for years. You think this is the way to respect women? No, no, no, no. Sit down and talk like a man... No. First of all. I just wasn't going to let him Affect me like that. That's exactly what he wanted... Mm-hmm. Right. And I wasn't going to be that way, Not only for me, but for Jessica and for all the women and girls watching the show Who have been hurt by a man before. Mm-hmm. I wasn't going to let him hurt me. You could have just owned up like a man, Justin, Owned up like a man and leave here with... But hold up. I'm only... hang on. But... A little bit of honor and a little bit of integrity. Okay. Well, whatever you think. (sighs) it's sad. It's sad that, you know, Kasey will forever be known As the guy who'd guard and protect your heart. I'm here to guard and protect your heart. It's just my heart. Jump in. Stay a while. How many times... Ballpark figure... how many times did he say guard and protect your heart"? Probably overall, I don't know, We could be pushing a couple hundred maybe. (laughs) ♪ on the night that I first saw you ♪ 
♪ I was staring through black glass ♪ The singing... The singing. Was it just awkward? Yeah, it was so awkward. ♪ I'll forever be yours ♪ Your eyes were priceless. It was... (laughs) It's a little over-the-top for me, but... Maybe there's someone out there who will love it. I think there is someone out there that will love it. So you're on a glacier, in the middle of Iceland,  And Kasey rolls up his sleeve And shows you his tattoo. What?! I did. When? When he showed me the tattoo, I felt bad,  Like, oh, my gosh. What did you just do? And the thing is,  I didn't want to make him feel bad about getting it... Right. So I tried to turn it around and make it a positive and say, you know, that's exciting, that, like, You've learned so much about yourself... (laughs) And this has been a positive and powerful, you know, Of an experience for you, and I feel bad for him. I hope he doesn't regret the tattoo. One guy who was extremely sincere, uh. And someone who you had great chemistry with was kirk. The first night... I don't know that I would have kept him If it wasn't for the scrapbook. Uh, that's my mom, my gorgeous mother. Oh, wow. She's beautiful. So wow, you're actually reading this stuff. My God. Yeah. It is impressive. That scrapbook was so important. (laughs) Really? Yeah, because I just remember thinking, he seems nice, but, you know, there's so many guys, and it's so hard to sort of stand out. And at the end of the night, when I was, like, If Kasey had only known. The scrapbook is The way to your heart, not a tattoo. Another major moment between you and kirk... on his hometown date,  You went down to his Dad's basement. This is what I do. This is my taxidermy work. (laughs) I think if it was, Like, any other situation, I might have, like,  Gone running out the other door. (laughs) running. (laughs) What is this thing? What that is, Is a-a caribou foot that I put eyes on it. Wow. (laughs) But, you know, they welcomed me into their home, and I wanted to be respectful. And it turns out, his Dad was a really sweet guy. Really nice guy. And, I mean, it tells me a lot about kirk... Mm-hmm. And where he gets his sweetness from. It was a good visit. All right, let's talk about Easily the most difficult time you had this season... In Tahiti with Frank, when he tells you he's leaving. I remember waking up that morning  And just feeling so excited to see him. (laughs) Ali. When he opened the door... I-I wasn't expecting it. Mm. Ali, we need to talk. My first thought is, Frank is broken. I'm going to have to, once again, assure Frank and say... "it's gonna be fine. I'm... I'm crazy about you. It's gonna be okay." And... (sighs) that's not what happened. Before I came to Tahiti, I went to Chicago to see Nicole. The second I saw her, all the old feelings... Uh, came rushing back. (crying) I cannot believe this. I was so excited to see you. (sniffles) In my mind, Frank was Head-over-heels in love with me. Thinking back to your date in Turkey, It was kinda prophetic that you looked at him and you said, You know, "our relationship, and... and my feelings for you, They kinda scare me." something... Mm-hmm. Was bothering you. I kept sort of justifying that in my mind As it's only because I really have a lot of feelings for him. I'm just scared, you know, like, it's fine, Ali. It's fine. Do you l... I mean, do you have any regrets, looking back? Yeah, I've learned a lot, and I don't regret anything. And, you know, I-I had... Very, very distinct instincts Along the way that I can remember, Feelings that I can remember having, and, you know, Right up until the very last day, I followed those instincts, and I am so glad that I did. (cheering) When we return, we're gonna take a look  At some of the moments America didn't get to see. And then, what's the full story Behind Frank's last-minute change of heart, Kasey's tattoo and Justin... just what was that guy thinking anyway? Well, we're gonna get the details from the guys and from Ali. It's all coming up right here On the Bachelorette, The men tell all." Welcome back to the Bachelorette, The men tell all." Well, this season has had its share of shocking moments That all of America has been talking about. But what about the stuff we didn't get to see? I sat down with Ali to get her take On some of the unseen moments of the season. Ali, this journey has been spectacular, So much travel, so many experiences. But there was so much, We couldn't include it all on TV. So let's talk about some of these moments. Okay. You're with Roberto, where I'm sure he was trying  To, uh, be romantic, but he almost ended up inuring you. (laughs) (speaks indistinctly) (cork pops) (gasps) (laughing) Oh, my gosh. I don't think Roberto's opened Too many bottles of champagne in his life, so he sort of Like, points it right at my head, and I think, like, when he  Took the wire thing off, it just flew off on its own. Right. It was, like, this close to hitting me in the head. I d... I thought you could take the thing off first... You can. You can. (laughing) And then pop it. That was a near-death experience. You're laughing. He felt so bad. He was, like, apologizing for, like, 20 minutes afterward. I'm so sorry. You're so cute. (sighs) Hometown dates... Meeting family is tough. Frank's house... (chuckles) Uh, his Dad, uh, trying to break the ice with that toast... From and among the greater, To then now and until here, As it was, in front of before, for once, do we near... He starts just saying all this gibberish, and I actually go... (snickers) for a second, and, like, look around  To see if any... See if he's joking? Yeah, to see if anyone else is laughing, Like, and I'm thinking, oh, my gosh,  This is, like, serious for them. Such as beyond past, presently and victorious Should the little ant Dianetically rise to drink now and forever. (Debbie) really nicely said, honey. (Becky) yes. Beautiful. (Debbie) it was lovely. Beautiful. Cheers. (clink) (all laugh) I'm like, "I don't know if he's serious." I was like, "I'm just gonna be polite and smile." I was so glad when they all started laughing at the end,  'cause I was like, "oh, my God. He cannot be serious. Is he?" But it... it was so funny. So your date with Kasey, uh, at the museum, We saw you guys running around. You had the place to yourself... That... that was cool. But we didn't get to see everything. Tell me about the planetarium. (laughs) You know what that is? Does that ring a bell? What did we do? So you're saying you have no recollection Of you or Kasey putting on an astronaut helmet? No. How do you... how could you not remember that? I don't... what... what ast... there was... No astronaut was at the museum. You... hold on. Watch this. (laughs) wait. You said you have no recollection Of putting on an astronaut's helmet, and that's you. (laughing) you guys did a whole thing. Oh, here's the proof. You put it on yourself. (laughs) (laughing) (Kasey speaks indistinctly) Houston, can you come in? Wait, Houston. "Houston, can you come in?" I was trying to call you for help. Kasey : are they copying? There's a problem. There's a problem? (laughs) You... you go on these dates with these guys, and you want 'em to be perfect and romantic. Um, you're with Roberto in Portugal, and wildlife seemed to just kinda get in the way. (whispering) look at the little cat. He's gonna eat your food. (whispering) what if he jumps up here? He will. Watch. Look at it. (laughs) he's just... he's just testing the waters. He doesn't even care that we're here. Look at him. We, I think, had a little cat named Charlie. We named all the animals "Charlie," So Charlie one, Charlie two. Uh, I think there wad a bird at one point. Peacocks. Oh, yeah. The peacocks are, like, up in the trees. What kind of girls do you date? (peacock cries) They've been a little different. Like the one, um... (peacock cries) (laughs and speaks indistinctly) (laughs) it was so funny 'cause we'd be, like, sitting there, like, Having, like, a really romantic moment... Right. And then all of a sudden... (peacock cries) We're just like, "oh, no." and what noise did the peacocks make? (imitates peacock crying) (laughs) (laughs) And it... seriously, how loud was it? So loud. I wanna talk about something that was actually on the show... But all of America's been talking about... Chris n.... Because it's actually something we never saw on the show. (laughs) I-I feel good about tonight. I'm just being myself. (laughs) where the heck is Chris n.? (men laugh) Kirk : where is Chris n.? There he is. Where did you... Oh, there he is! (laughs) (kirk) phantom! (speaks indistinctly) Man : yeah. After he left, I learned that the... the guys Actually had named him phantom," a Ph... A name which he actually really liked. So there's eight people left, and you figure... Six roses, right? Frank : yeah. And it's like... Dang! Where did you come from? He came out of the woodwork. You're a mysterious guy. You appear... Ty : you're a mysterious guy. And then you disappear. Disappear and you reappear. Here's my impression of the phantom. One of the best characters we ever had. I-I think a lot of people thought, oh, he's... He's the dark horse. We're just editing him  To look really quiet and mysterious... No. And then he'll really come on. That was him. Yeah. Chris L. : hey, hey. Look at him walking in the distance. Frank : he is in his element. Chris L. : he is one with the smoke. (frank chuckles) Phantom is gone... Supposedly. He could still be lurking someplace. I'm not sure. He's here tonight. (laughing) Phantom. (audience cheering) Some great moments. When we return, The most memorable bachelors from this season Will join me right here on this stage To talk about Ali and each other. Kasey is back and his tattoo, and then we're gonna hear More details about Justin's shocking exit. All that and more, When the Bachelorette, The men tell all" continues. Welcome back to the Bachelorette, The men tell all." I'm Chris Harrison. Well, this season started out innocently enough For our bachelorette Ali, but then her journey took some crazy turns That nobody, including Ali, could have predicted. Well, tonight, the most memorable men of the season Are back to talk about it, so let's welcome the guys. (cheering) Say hello to Jesse b... (loud cheering) Hunter... Kyle... Man : Whoo-hoo! Tyler v... Craig r... (loud cheering) John c... Derrick... Jason... Steve... Chris n... Kirk... (loud cheering) Jonathan... (mouths words) Kasey... And Ty... (loud cheering) Well, Frank is not here tonight. He's gonna be joining us with Ali next week On after the final rose" special, but that certainly won't stop us From talking about him here tonight. (laughter) Um, and before we get to him, I wanna talk to you guys. Let's open this up. I'm gonna start with the guy Who really dominated the conversation, Who was always talking the most in the house... Craig r. I'm sure you had seen the show at some point, but did you have Any idea, really, what you were getting yourself into That first night? I had no idea what I was Getting myself into that first night, h-honestly. And then actually pulling up in that limo and looking at that mansion and looking at Ali, Um, to me, it was like no feeling I've ever had before. It was a total rush that comes over your body, and, uh, I'm not used to feeling the pressure, but I really felt it that night. You know, coming out of that limo, you're thinking, Oh, my gosh, you know, this is what we're here for. Craig R. : right. And, uh, we're nervous. All the guys in the limo are like, "oh, my gosh. We're meeting Ali right now. There she is. There she is." you know, she just... she was stunning. It was just an intense experience, actually. I fainted and... no. Uh, I-I thought of... She was kinda mystical almost. Like, you see her, and you're like, "wow." um, I mean, you see her on TV... No, for real... you see her on TV... you guys know what I mean. You see her on TV, it's one thing. She's beautiful. Then you see her in person. It's, like, amazing. Chris, what was that first night like for you? That first night, for me, was intense. It was the most nerve-racking thing I've ever been through. Although, it was extremely exciting To get to meet everybody and, you know... (laughs) I'm just laughing 'cause I'm stunned you're talking so much. But I'm glad we got Chris to talk, because who knows how long He's gonna be around here tonight? He just might be gone. Wait. Speaking of that real quick, Speaking of that real quick... Kirk : oh, no. Oh, no. I'm not taking it all the way off. "the phantom." (all cheering) And this is... this is in response To Justin rated-r," Who, you know, I took a lot of time off from work, and I took this very seriously, and for that (bleep) to come out here... Man : yeah! Yeah, buddy! Whoo! That's what I'm saying... and... and screw us over and try and self-promote himself? The phantom's not having it. We're gonna get to rated-r and his antics In just a little bit. We got a lot to talk about tonight. And you guys are getting along well right now, but, you know, It happens every season... You start with 25 seemingly normal guys, Throw in a gorgeous bachelorette in Ali, and everybody tends to lose their mind. ♪ Chris L. : she's beautiful. Roberto : yes, she is. No doubt about it. Frank : she is stunning. She is everything I've ever wanted. She's beautiful. I could... she is. I'll do whatever it takes, man. She's... she's an amazing woman. (men cheering) (Ali laughs) 25 guys competing for Ali's heart... every one of them is competition, and may the best man win. My strategy here is just to let people take themselves Out of the competition. That way, I just can start counting 'em off one by one. Ali : hi. Hi. Oh, you look beautiful. Oh, thank you. I'm Kasey. Kirk : Kasey was in love with Ali Before he even met her. I'm here for one reason. I'm here to guard and protect Ali's heart, and I think everyone else should be here for that same reason. When Kasey says, "guard and protect her heart," Especially the first night we ever met her... I'm here to guard your heart. You know that. That's number one. It made me go, "this kid's freakin' crazy." (laughs) (tattooing needle buzzing) Kasey : this is a competition to win Ali's heart. So I mean, I've sacrificed myself. I'm putting myself out there. Here it is. I went and got a tattoo, and you guys are all more than welcome to see it. 'cause I want to guard and protect her heart. Dude, you're (bleep) nuts. (growls) I'm the meanest wrestler... p.G. I'm a competitive person, so I'm bringing a machete. Oh! Ty : first impression of the weatherman? Annoying as hell. Ahh-ooh-Ga! (makes squeaking sound) It's like a gnat in your ear, flying around. ♪ oh, I'm lonely with you ♪ What is wrong with him? I don't have, like, a huge... (blows raspberry) Have you guys seen my little brother, the weatherman? Is it hot out there or what? Holy (bleep)! (cheering) On a scale of 1 to (bleep), Craig m. Is a (bleep). I want to know what, uh, Ali's gonna think When she sees your (bleep) tattoos. You know, I don't talk (bleep) I just hit. Wow. That's a huge rebuttal. Roberto : Craig m.'s strategy going into this thing... I think he just likes to get under people's skin. You're such a young punk... Don't (bleep) touch me. Craig m... Mm-hmm. He's, like, literally, like, a dangerous person. Craig is here for the competition. Uh-oh. Here we go. He just wants to fuel the flame. If you were a man... Oh, dude. A man tells you... You know, a little taller and whatever else... I told you straight to your face is that I haven't liked you. Everybody heard that. Because I'm dangerous? No. I can tell by looking at you, you gotta go. You're dangerous. I'm kind of known as... "rated-r." (laughs) "rated-r." I don't know about this cat. I'll say it straight up. I think Justin's very creepy. I think he's all part of an act. What are you doing here? Surprise. Nobody likes the wrestler. Nobody understands Why the wrestler is here. The reason why I'm here is, you know, It-it's for you. Honestly, he's fake. He's fake. Whoever has anything to say to me, bring it. I would call him a master manipulator. That's a fair statement. Did you happen to walk over to Ali's house yesterday? Who... who told you guys this? Justin is a snake. He's... he's cold. He has no regard for any other person but himself. You lie to all of us. You... One minute you don't care about us, then one minute you do. Now you're trekking over on your crutches. But see, that's the thing. Like, I-I can't try and prove anything to you guys... I-I can't imagine when ABC shows you trekking... 'cause I want Ali to know that I'm 100% here for her. Justin : I'm definitely gonna be strategic and methodical. Kind of like the Terminator, I can't be stopped. It's a dog-eat-dog world, and, uh, this dog is gonna get his dinner. (man scoffs) (audience groans) Where do I begin? Um, let's start with that first night. Craig, 25 guys... I mean, testosterone flowing, Everybody wants the attention, everyb... you know, The alpha-male syndrome is in high gear. I came into the... that first night With a hard-and-fast rule. What's that? And that was to not talk negatively About any of the other guys. How long did that last? About five seconds. (laughter) Weatherman. Yes. You and Craig m... That was my best friend. Where is he, man? Did not get along. Craig not with us tonight, unfortunately. But what was going on? Why did you guys hate each other so much? I think it really all started at the beginning, When he thought that I was taking up time talking to Ali, and I really wasn't. Ali and I had a really good conversation. He just had nothing to say. I mean, he did, like, his... his sit back like this, When he's, like, doing his crazy-eye thing. And then he said something at the end, like, "yeah, well, I would like to get to know you better," And that was it. And then he blamed me for, You know, taking up that conversation. And from that point on, he started jabbing at me. I respect the decision that you made to... To tell Ali about Craig, that he was dangerous," But I mean, if you feel that strongly, To tell Ali about that on the camera, Why can't you admit that in front of Craig's face? Because... I explained it. And all of us... wait, wait, wait. All right. Let's go for it. So you made all of us sit there for, like, 15 minutes... Me? While you guys went back and forth... I didn't make anybody sit there. Just man up and... and say, "yeah, I said it." Admit it, go outside, deal with it, like Jesse. T-turn this around. Let's... let's get close. Come on. Uh, I don't like this position that we're in If I turn around here. What's up? Dude, you (bleep) out. I mean, you... Oh, absolutely not, dude. You... you... Dude, let me finish, let me finish. Let me finish. Oh, okay, go ahead, go ahead, go ahead, go ahead. You took something to Ali... Absolutely. That had nothing to do with Craig and her's interaction. That's not true. It was... it was you... yes, it was. Well, let... if you'd let me ex... It was you and him. It's like if I busted kirk's (bleep)... Mnh-mnh. And he's, like, "Ali, you know, Tyler is this kind of guy." Well, that has no... you don't know If he was Rico suave to her. You have no idea. You have no problem taking what you did to Ali? Oh, no. And I'll tell you, there's several... There's more than one reason. First of all, she came to us the first night, She gave us a box. She said, "I want to know what you guys know that I don't." So she made it clear off the bat, very first night, That there... she knows there are gonna be things That we know that she doesn't, and so she wanted us to look out for her. When he started with Jesse b., that went on all night. But I didn't go and tell Ali that. But it seemed to me, He... he went at people, pushed your buttons. Jesse b. Called his bluff. Game over. How close did you get to knocking him on his butt? Oh, my God. I can answer that one. That was pretty close. That was pretty close. That was damn near. In all seriousness, 'cause I mean, I... if it was a different situation, I-it would've been over for him. Exactly. That's my point. Um... (cheers and applause) Kasey, bottom line, was Jonathan just trying To guard and protect her heart? (laughter and applause) I mean... Absolutely not, because that was my job, first of all. That was your game. You know, from the first night... I didn't... I didn't know Kasey. Right. I didn't know Kasey at all. And, uh, he did his homework. I hadn't... I hadn't watched the show that much Before I came out here. This dude watched the show. He knew everything That was gonna happen, was about to happen, Where we were gonna get out of the car. I was like, he knows her, he knew who she was and everything about her. And the first time I heard it, he's like, "I'm here to guard and protect Ali's heart." And I was like, "this guy's full of crap! He doesn't... this dude is looney tune," you know? But one thing that I have to give Kasey, and, uh, That he stayed looney tune" the whole way through. I mean, he just... he... he... he did. He... (cheering) So you re... he stayed true. You respect him for being crazy and staying crazy. You know what? (clears throat) (stammers) he stayed true To what he said from the first night. Absolutely. And, you know, I respect him for that. Obviously, he wears his heart on his sleeve now, for sure. But he, uh, he did. He was very open, and, you know, a lot of guys aren't like that. Kase... You're (bleep) crazy. (laughter) you're crazy, man. Craig R. : Kasey, actually, Unlike some people that came on this show, Came on this show With actual, genuine, good intentions, Meant well, Actually was here for Ali. So with all of that said, I have to say, As far as Kasey's concerned, he's a good guy, and he'll be a friend of mine for a long time. He's crazy as all hell, but I still love him the way he is. Chris H. : um... (cheers) you mentioned people That weren't here for the right reasons, Guys that weren't genuine. Obviously, top of the list... Justin, rated-r. Um, and we're gonna talk much more about him As the show goes on and much more tonight, but I do want to get to that first night. Ballot box... um, Ali had some questions, I bring out the ballot box. Hands down, you guys say, "rated-r isn't here for the right reasons." How did you guys know right away? The t-shirt that he brought out To self-promote himself off the bat. I mean, everybody could see clearly that, You know, he was there for one thing, and that's To make himself famous. He's a little fame whore. (Kasey speaks indistinctly) And when we get... and... and Justin's all right. Before we get in the limo, before a camera's on him, I mean, he's an all-right guy. And as soon as... Man : absolutely. As soon as we get in the limo, I mean, like, Not even five seconds after we get in the limo, Justin looks straight at me and the other four guys In the limo, and he goes, "I'm ending up with Ali. "I'm gonna win Ali's heart. I'm gonna be on my knee asking Ali to marry me." I'm like, "dude, you haven't even met the girl yet." like... he was acting as if he was in love with her, and he hardly knew her. They were having it out one night in particular, and, uh, Justin starts coming out With these... these tears, like, crying. He's bipolar. He's bipolar. (laughing) I'm serious. All right, you guys, we're gonna talk a lot more about Justin As we go tonight. When we return, we're also gonna talk about Frank and his shocking change of heart that left Ali in tears, and why... why did Kasey get that tattoo? We're gonna get to the bottom of that, my man. He's gonna join me in the hot seat. And then Ali returns to face the men she sent home. (audience cheers) All that and more When the Bachelorette, The men tell all" returns. (cheering) (cheers and applause) ♪ Welcome back to the Bachelorette, The men tell all." It's safe to say That Frank's unexpected exit in Tahiti stunned America. You know, he seemed to be Falling deeper in love with Ali every day, but then he had a shocking change of heart. He rekindled his relationship with an ex-girlfriend and left Ali in tears. Now I know you're all ready to talk about this, but before we do, let's take a look back at what happened. Oh! (laughs) Ali, my love... (laughs) The first night I met Frank, I had no idea that night That my connection with Frank would be so strong. Hi! Ah! When I've thought of the type of guy That'd be right for me, I've always imagined someone Funny and smart and very witty and quirky. A-and I feel like, when I say those words, I'm describing Frank. I know that we have something really great. No matter what happens, like, nothing can... Shake that connection that we've... we've built, you know? And, like, I'm... I'm here to the end. Good. ♪ It feels so good to be close to Ali, and it feels so natural. I mean, Ali and I have amazing chemistry. It feels right. And it's just so perfect That I could see myself with her forever. (laughs) I came here to fall in love with Ali, and I did. I want to be the guy that proposes to Ali, and I want her to say yes to me. But before I take one step further with Ali... I need to make a decision. Hi. What is going on? I wanted to see you to see if we still had that spark That I... that we had before. You need to come home. I'm in love with Nicole, and Nicole is the girl I want to be with for the rest of my life. ♪ (laughs) Ali. Hi. (kisses) Ali, we need to talk. (sighs) Okay. To come to this point, this point right now, and do this is so unbelievably selfish. (sighs) ♪ (sniffles) (sighs) (sniffles) you know, going into meeting my family, Like, I was so sure Frank was gonna be there. I was so sure he was gonna meet my mom and Dad, and... And I just... I can't help but think, like, there's something wrong with me. I did not see this coming. I had no idea. I really thought I was gonna spend the rest of my life with that guy. I never, ever thought that Frank would hurt me this way. (sighs) (crying) Oh, that's tough to watch. Um, for you guys that knew Ali best, What's it like seeing her like that? It's a very, very difficult position. And I know that when she says that she gave up everything and that she was giving her all into this, I believed her, and that she wanted to find her husband out of this, and I don't know that she did. A lot has been made of... of Frank, and, uh, Equating him to the wrestler. And I-I just want to distinguish the two of them. It is a completely, 110% different situation, The two of them. I agree. Yeah. Um, the... the wrestler came on here With not just one, but two girlfriends, and... and coming on here to get publicity. I could say this about frank... everything I've known about him is that he came on this show with great intentions. And I think he got confused along the way. The bottom line, he's also being selfish at the same time. I mean, he was looking out for himself, and when you do that in a relationship... but that's the predicament. So what's the honorable thing to do, keep going? You know, it's... it's a shame that it got as far as it did, Because it really took a toll on Ali. Right, but Frank said he was in love with Ali. Do you... do you believe that? I think he was, for sure. I mean, I think everyone that watched it From the first date they had on the Hollywood sign, There was real chemistry there. I mean, I don't think you really could fake that. I think that Frank was at least number one, Maybe number two, but at least had a great, great chance of getting that... That final rose at the end of the show. He dragged it along. And I love Frank, but that was the wrong thing to do. Well, then do you think... are you saying he was scared and this was almost a cop-out, he took the safe way out? He did take the safe way out, Because if Ali said no, he had Nicole to run back to. Frank says, "I'm gonna marry one of these two girls, Either Ali or Nicole." So, you know, Ty, how does that happen? How can you get in that spot? Frank was dealing with the situation, but I think he was just hoping That these feelings would go away. And they kept knockin' on the back door... (Kasey speaks indistinctly) And there finally, he was, like, "okay, I've gotta answer this. I can't do this any longer." I think that he was hoping that they would go away, Because he really did like her. Do I think he's selfish, now after seeing everything? Yeah, I think he was selfish. Well, a lot of questions remain concerning Frank. We're gonna get to the bottom of those next week When he joins me on after the final rose." When we return tonight, It's the man who took outrageous measures To win Ali's heart only to be sent home. That's right. My man Kasey is here To discuss his broken heart and his tattoos. And then it's the shocking exit All of America is still talking about... Justin... When the Bachelorette, The men tell all" returns. (cheering) (cheers and applause) ♪ Welcome back to the Bachelorette, The men tell all." I'm Chris Harrison. Kasey, where do I start, man? "guard and protect your heart," the singing, the tattoo... Come up and join me in the hot seat. (cheering) (man speaks indistinctly) (laughs) there it is. There it is, man, right there. Have a seat. Thank you. (clears throat) Okay, it's safe to say, man, That you did more to win Ali's affection Than any man that's ever been on our show before. But in the end, you were left standing alone... On a glacier on a glacier in Iceland. Before we talk about everything, let's take a look. Hi. (laughs) hi. How you doing? Oh, you look beautiful. Thank you. I'm Kasey. When I saw Ali for the first time, I was like, "that could be my future wife. No, no. That is my future wife." more than anything, I just want to be the guy That's there to guard and protect your heart. Kasey : I've always wanted the fairy-tale ending, and here it is, sitting right in front of me. You look absolutely imaginary. (audience laughs) let me tell you, when you walked out in the white dress, I was like, "oh, I am in a fairy tale." there goes Kasey again... You know, the romantic lines that come out of a fairy tale, The guarding and protecting your heart. I'm here to guard your heart. You know that. That's number one. I feel like you're reading out of story. It's just my heart. Jump in. Stay awhile. (audience laughs) Frank : "I'm going to protect and guard your heart." (laughs) oh, my God. ♪ when I was flying ♪ 
♪ in the helicopter ♪ 
♪ over this amazing city ♪ 
♪ I looked to my left ♪ 
♪ and never saw something so pretty ♪ (laughs) (audience laughs) I worry that the songs and everything... I worry it's not real. So I can't give you a rose tonight. But... I don't want you to leave, either. I didn't get that rose. Like, I don't understand how she's questioning anything That I've said or acted or felt. But I'm not gonna give up, and I'm going to do something That's going to prove to Ali That I'm here to protect and guard her heart. Kasey is, uh, getting crazier by the minute. (tattooing needle buzzes) Craig R. : so Kasey... Brilliantly decided to get a tattoo. This is exactly who I am. I think it's (bleep) insane. I'm not trying to just stick around. I'm trying to be the man of her dreams. I want to guard and protect her heart. And that's exactly what I'll be for the rest of my life. I-I actually ended up doing something kind of fun and something that will stick with me for the rest of my life. I actually got a tattoo. What?! I did. Kasey : I have so much love to give. It's... it's unbelievable how much love I have to give. I know that, in the end, I'll be there on one knee. I'll be the last man standing. I'll be Ali's future husband. I'm gonna give Justin the rose. Something just wasn't there. ♪ Kasey : it felt like everything was pointing to Ali. I put my heart out there. I showed her who I was. I showed her my true colors. And, uh, I just don't know where it went wrong. 
 
 ♪ (exhales) left on a glacier in Iceland... (laughing) What was that like? Freezing, first of all, 'cause you're on a glacier. Yeah. (laughs) and you're like, "there she goes with, uh, a (bleep)." Which you know and you predict and you've said the whole time you've been there. Right. You know, it's not fun. So it made it worse That not only were you being rejected, but for Justin. The wrong man was definitely going home that night. All kidding aside, you were falling in love with this girl. Maybe you were already in love with this girl. I was definitely falling for her. You know, I mean, Ali's amazing. She really is. Ali did the greatest thing ever. She let me go when I needed to let go. She said, "you know what? I'm not feeling it. "I'm gonna let you go now. I'm so excited For you to find the girl of your dreams," and she let me go. And that was admirable. I really respect her for that. Let's talk about the things that you did To show your love and affection to Ali. Let's start with guarding and protect your heart"... Your catchphrase. Yes. Why'd you feel like her... her heart needed protecting? I've been the guy that's always been there and not open, Not vulnerable, completely closed off. I've never been like this, and I think that's the great thing about this show, Is that it brings opportunities to become open. And I came here with an open heart, an open mind, and I said, "you know what? No matter what happens, I'm gonna Put myself out there, I'm gonna put my heart out there." And so I went there with Ali, and I told her, you know, "I promise I will always guard and protect your heart," Because when you're in a situation like this, How could you not? Right. How could you not be passionate about falling in love With a girl like Ali? And you were passionate, and you put yourself out there. Yes. Do you feel like, "a," you came on too strong, and b," maybe you scared her a little bit? Oh, Chris. (laughs) (laughing) it depends. There's a girl out there that would love that kind of stuff. I'm just talking about Ali. But just Ali... You know what? Maybe I scared her. Maybe I came on too strong. But essentially, I was myself. And beyond the line of guard and protect your heart," You had some other... Charms... the songs. So you're singing these songs to her... Yeah. It's... it's uncomfortable, like... Thanks, Chris. I'm just like, "dude, stop." (laughs) I tried. I tried. Okay? You know what? Here's the thing... I was having fun. I mean, I'm not a singer, you know, but you... I know! That's my point. I know! Okay? Great. Thanks. I appreciate that. That's what I was trying to tell you. (laughs) (man speaks indistinctly) Okay, I know she said she needed to see a fun side of me, So I wanted to show her a fun side, and say, "you know what? Hey, whether I'm being cheesy, ridiculous Or a horrible singer... so why not just have fun with it?" And you know, yeah, it's on a national platform, and everyone's gonna make fun, you know... (audience laughs) Okay, let's talk about the elephant in the room. What possessed you to get the tattoo? Well, I'm not a guy that gets tattoos... my first tattoo ever. I'm a non-tattoo guy as well, so... me, too. I've always been non... a non-tattoo guy. Yeah. That was huge. It was for, you know, something to represent who I am. And you want to go above and beyond. And so I wanted to show Ali and myself and whoever my future potential wife may be That this is who I am. I said I wanted to guard and protect her heart In the very beginning. That's what I always want to do, no matter what happens. So I want to guard and protect the heart of my future wife, and that's why I decided to get the tattoo... To make sure that I felt very comfortable with who I am. I'm with you that you did it for your genuine reasons. Mm-hmm. I definitely believe that. But I was wondering, At any time, like, say, you're standing on the glacier Or whatever, you're like, "damn, I wish I hadn't have done that." you know, it is what it is. You know what? The bottom line is, Ali had a lot of bad memories. She had a bad memory with Frank, a bad memory with Justin. He had two girlfriends. I'm at least a good memory. I don't want to be a bad memory in anyone's mind. I want to be a good memory in everyone's heart. All right. (cheering) When we return, Kirk will be here to tell us how he's been doing Since Ali sent him home, and then it's the moment Everybody's been dying to talk about... Justin's dramatic exit in Turkey, All that and more... All tonight. When the Bachelorette, The men tell all" returns. (cheering) ♪ (cheers and applause) Welcome back to the Bachelorette, The men tell all." Kirk, you made it the furthest of any of the guys here tonight. Ali got to meet your family, but then Frank got the rose Instead of you. Why don't you come up and join me in the hot seat, man? (cheering) You ready? Yeah. Have a seat. Good seeing you. Obviously, what you and Ali had was very special. You took her home to meet your family, but in the end, she sent you home. Before we talk about it, let's take a look. ♪ I actually made something for you. It's right here, and it's actually... I guess you could call it a scrapbook. When I first met kirk, I was surprised In how comfortable I felt around him. "be ridiculous." (laughs) I just think it's important to act like an idiot sometimes. This picture is great. Don't you? Exactly. I've never dated anyone like kirk. He has a lot of the qualities That I'm looking for in a husband. How are you feeling? (raspy voice) really, really sick. I think you need to go upstairs and take care of yourself and go to bed. He makes feel safe, he makes me feel appreciated and makes me feel comfortable around him. Whether you're feeling like a million bucks or not, I'm not gonna let you down. One thing I love about him is he's so upbeat and positive. But there's something missing, and I can't figure out what it is. I think I need to understand him better. Just so you know, kind of, like, my background, Like five years ago, uh, I went out to college. Mm-hmm. And I moved back into this old college house. And in a matter of a month, I got pretty sick. It turns out, two weeks before I moved into the house, There was, like, multiple mold overgrowth. So I got awfully sick because of it. I bet you there were a half a dozen nights Where I sat in bed and... and I thought, Oh, my God. This is it. But it doesn't define me. It just... it just... All it did was prioritize, like, what's important. Well, I could say... Wholeheartedly, You definitely inspire me to be a better person. I just think you're really great. Come here. Ali's unlike any woman I've ever met. She makes me feel good about who I am. Kirky! Oh, my goodness. Hi! Hi! I am definitely falling in love with Ali. There's no doubt in my mind. I want to be with Ali forever. Frank. I really, really, really did not see this coming at all. I... Think the world of you. I don't... Just, this is so hard because it's not about, like, You or me or anything like that. It's just... I don't know that we're right together. I've never had my heart broken before, ever. I could've seen myself proposing to her. I would've taken that leap of faith, and I would've got down on one knee, and I would've asked for her to marry me. I definitely like my heart's a bit bruised right now. This sucks. Tough, man. You said You could see yourself proposing to this girl. You felt that strongly for Ali. I did. And you were in love with her at the time. Yeah. I wanted things to work out with her. I really did. I saw a lot of things in Ali that.. (clears throat) That were missing in... in people that I dated, and I... I wanted things to work out. It seemed when you guys had that conversation, um, You told her about your illness and what happened, You always seemed to truly inspire Ali, and she always seemed to really gravitate towards you, and you guys just seemed to have that certain something, So you said you've always had, uh, a problem Committing fully to girlfriends in the past. Yeah. Um, possible Ali sensed that or sensed that maybe There was some fear in you Going all the way and giving yourself to her? For a long time, I was only able to focus on myself. I didn't feel well for a very long time. Yeah. And I was bedridden, and I lived with my mom, and... I couldn't look beyond tomorrow. You know, I dated girls, but I think that, uh... I was so consumed with me being okay That it was hard for me to give everything about me To somebody else. And I've been lucky enough to get better and to look towards a future, and Ali was, uh, was the first time in which I told myself, you know what, kirk? You're okay. Mm-hmm. And you're ready to give yourself to somebody else. So let's fast-forward. You know, we come back to Los Angeles. In that rose ceremony, we're standing there, and she says, "frank." What are you thinking at that moment? It was frustrating because Frank knew how I felt about Ali. We had talked about that. And it's hard for me not to point fingers When I came here to meet Ali With no thoughts of anybody else. And Frank came... On the show, and he had feelings for somebody in the back of his head. Right. I'm having a hard time wrapping my mind around that Because Frank was one of my good friends, Yet he kept for me the opportunity To really advance my relationship with Ali. And I-I just... I don't... I don't know what to make of it. You said in the limo on the way home, You had never had your heart broken before. Right. Did Ali break your heart? She did. I wanted it to work. And she had met my family, and I trust nobody more than my family. And when my mom said, "Ali's great," And my Dad had said, "she's a great girl"... (sighs) it was tough because for the first time In my healthy life... Mm-hmm. I had seen a future with somebody, and, uh, She didn't feel the same way. Well, I know you inspired Ali, and I think I speak for all the guys and myself included, you inspired us along the way, and we enjoyed getting to know you and hanging out with you, So I appreciate you being here. Kirk, thank you very much. (cheering) Up next, it's time to talk about Justin and his shocking departure from the hotel in Istanbul, Turkey. And then Ali, our bachelorette, returns to face these guys That she left behind in her quest to find love. All that and more when the Bachelorette, The men tell all" returns. (cheering) (cheering) Welcome back to the Bachelorette, The men tell all." (cheering and whistling) ♪ Justin, the wrestler from Canada, Insisted that his intentions were true, but in the end, it turned out That he had not one but two girlfriends back home. I know you guys are dying to weigh in on this and this controversy, but before you do, Let's take a look At Justin's unforgettable exit in Turkey. Our circle's getting smaller. Small group, fellas. This is everybody. I'm a (bleep) detector. That's what I do for a living, and everything Justin does since day one Has felt insincere, but he knows how to act In a way that Ali feels like There is a connection that they have together. Ty : she's gonna see through that here before too long. Karma's a bitch. It's gonna come back and get you. (Jessie) one of the guys there has a girlfriend. Oh, my God. And that's Justin. How do you know this? 'cause I'm sitting with his girlfriend right now. (gasps) Thanks. Me and Justin have been dating for the past... Almost two years now. And a couple months ago, he said, "you know what, Jess? I'm going on the show. "this is something that's gonna benefit the both of us Because it's gonna open a lot of doors for me," And he said, "I really wanna get into top three Because once you're in top three, you're well-known." I helped him buy suits. I helped him take his head shots. (voice breaking) he actually contacted me last night and he said... (sighs and sniffles) He said that he still loved me. This is Jessica. I'm beyond pissed. I want to get him out of here and as quickly as possible. J-Justin, you're seriously gonna walk away from me? You're gonna go out like this? This is how you wanna be perceived? Justin, you're gonna regret this! (beep) (automated female voice) next saved message. (beep) (automated female voice) next saved message. (audience murmuring) all right, well, you know, first, let me say That Justin chose not to be here tonight. So take from that what you will. Um, Ty, you seem outspoken About what you thought about Justin. You know, it was just hard to take that How can 25 guys be wrong? Chris : they weren't. That's exactly what I'm saying. How could we be wrong? We all knew it, and I know she was trying to give everybody The benefit of the doubt, but... and you knew... you guys knew something was wrong, but did you guys feel lied to as well? Obviously, he played Ali, but did you guys feel lied to? Chris, first of all, I just say the guy's evil. I think that's... like, he's a bad person. No, he's a bad person in the sense that His intentions on coming on this show Were not only to gain publicity for himself but were to hurt an incredible girl. Yeah. And he knew what he was doing. His goal was to make it to that final three and sabotage everything that she wanted to do on this show Just for his own public benefit... Is just... it's one of the worst... worst things that you can do To a human being. There was one time I remember him saying... He said... it was near the beginning, actually, When we were shooting. This just clicked. He, uh, I remember him saying something like, "oh, I guess I'm gonna be the villain this season," like... But nonchalantly, like laissez-faire, Like he welcomed it, and I think, yeah, Like his wrestling persona or something... Maybe he didn't give a crap about who he hurt, obviously. But he almost, like, reveled in it, Because he thought it would help his persona as a wrestler. Chris : Kasey? You know, the whole thing... Kasey, all of us Were sitting there in Iceland. He said, "you know what?" He's like, "guys, I don't know what's gonna happen at the end of this week, but I really wanna Give you guys a chance. I wanna talk with you guys." And I'm sorry. I get pissed when I talk about this. Yeah. No, it's ridiculous. 'cause I really don't like the guy, but anyway, We sat down. We were telling some things about each of us That we'd rather not say, and, um, you know, Justin sat there and bawled his eyes out and was like, "I want you guys to know I'm here for the right reasons" And this, that and the other, and it was all a lie, and he... So he played... so he played you guys, too. (audience murmuring) (Craig) I just... I just wanna say one more thing, too. Any public statements right now that are made by him Saying that I am a part of his family Or extension of his family, that I'm a friend of his, That I've talked to him since we've been off the show... I haven't had one conversation with him since we've been Off the show. I am not an extension of his family. I don't consider myself a friend of his. I wanna speak for myself, but I almost feel like I'm speaking for each one of you right now When I say that none of us right now feel like what he did Was cool, and none of us feel right now that we want to Continue any sort of ongoing, you know, friendship with him. I don't... I really don't care... I couldn't care less about him right now. I really couldn't. (cheering) My... my point of him not being here tonight... It's a lot easier than coming here and... and facing voice mails That you left, and I wanna talk about the voice mails. Um, kirk, you guys heard some of these, and maybe you didn't know exactly what he was doing, but you heard him on the phone, right? Uh, I did. I, uh, the last night we were in Iceland, After the rose ceremony, I happened to room with Justin. So it was like 3:00 in the morning, and he went in the bathroom, and he turned on the shower. He turned on the faucet. And I heard Justin talking to himself." And so on the show, I listen, and I see him calling Jessica. And there's water running in the background, and he's like, "Jessica, I love you, baby. I just wanna be with you, baby." It was on the other side of my wall! (laughter) and he was calling Jessica! Craig. Craig, if Justin's here right now, What do you say to him? Oh, my God. Well, I mean, first of all, I say, "you're an (bleep)." (cheering) (laughs) (Craig) thank you. Um... N-not only are you an (bleep), but in responding... I just wanna respond to his statements, too, In saying that production had a hand in this, and... and you had a hand in this. I think he's probably pointing the finger at everybody... Right. He could get his hands on. That's what you do when you get caught. This had nothing to do with anyone involved With the production of the show or hosting the show. This was just an (bleep) being an (bleep). (cheering) yeah, buddy! I don't think we can sum it up any better than that. So coming up, we're not through talking about Justin just yet... More from the guys, and the woman who brought all of this to Ali's attention. She's here tonight. We're gonna hear from her. All that and more when the Bachelorette, The men tell all" returns. (cheering) ♪ 
♪ (cheering) Welcome to the Bachelorette, The men tell all." I'm Chris Harrison. We've been talking about Justin, The most controversial man of the season by far. But first, we've got a special guest with us tonight. She's a friend of Ali's from Jake's season, and she was the one who brought Justin's secret out in the open To all of us. Now she's here to tell us the full story. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Jessie. ♪ Come on out. Good to see you again. Good to see you, too. How you doing? Have a seat. So I wanna remind people again, You were one of the bachelorettes On Jake's season. You were... you were friends with Ali. I was... That's your connection to Ali. Exactly. We got to know each other very well. Okay. We lived in an r.V. Together for a week and a half. You get to know somebody. So you and Ali were friends. Um, the one thing that people have asked me is How did this happen? How did someone from our show, from the past, Find out and then bring this to your attention? You know, it's funny. I just woke up like any other day that I would go to work, Went and checked my e-mail, and I see something That says urgent," and it was from a social networking site That I'm on. Okay. And it's an e-mail, and I open it up, and it's from Jessica, His girlfriend back home in Toronto. She said, "I'm a big fan of yours." we're both Canadians. And she said, "listen, I have something to tell you." She says, "my boyfriend is on the show, and I don't know what to do." now who's Kimberly, and how does she work into all this? This is the reason why Jessica contacted me... Okay. Was because Jessica is the main girlfriend. She's with him for two years. Kimberly met him Two months before he left for taping. Okay. And the weird thing is, is that Justin told Jessica That she was not allowed to have a Facebook account, and so she didn't have one, and then when he went away For the show taping, she decided, "you know what? I'm gonna reactivate it," so she did. And she went on his wall, and, of course, He thought he was above all the rules, So he kept his Facebook page up. Right. And Kimberly had wrote on his wall, and she said, "oh, I miss my baby. I can't believe you're away, but I can't wait to see you when you get back"... Something to that extent. Jessica's like, "wait a minute. "why is this girl messaging my boyfriend Who I've been with for two years?" And so she messaged Kimberly, and right away, Their stories mesh up. They live five minutes from each other. (murmuring and laughing) Just to back up, in your mind, without a shadow of a doubt, Before you contact us... Mm-hmm. You're 100% positive, no doubt... Yeah. That Justin and Jessica are in a committed relationship. 100%. She had voice mails. She had text messages from him... Text messages that said, you know, "don't worry. I'm just here to do this for my career. "I love you. When I get back, I'm gonna place a ring on your finger." (audience gasps) I saw those messages. These are things we haven't even seen. No, exactly. I saw this. So there's even more. Exactly. There's more than just the voice mails That you guys heard. Listen to this. Valentine's day... he spent it with Kimberly. He woke up in the morning, made a breakfast, and then he walked over to Jessica's house... Walked over, 'cause he can't drive, Because he doesn't own a car. (laughs) (laughing) So he walks over... (laughs) Wobbles over, and, uh, yeah, and he spends it with Jessica. So he has two girlfriends. Girlfriends. Two ongoing committed relationships... Yep, who he's promised that he's going to come back to. So then you choose to do what? What made you come to us? How did all this work? When I find something out like this, I'm not just gonna sit on it. Right. So I called the show 'cause I know the producers. Like, I've worked with them, obviously, from the bachelor." And I called them. I said, "listen, I think Somebody there has a girlfriend. It's Justin from Toronto." I knew he had a broken leg. Um, I knew he was a wrestler. I had pictures of Jessica and Justin together. And I send it to the producer, and that's when we decided To do that call. So we call you, and you're sitting there with Jessica. Mm-hmm, we just thought it was really important for her To be there. She is the proof of why I called. And I felt so bad. She was crying in the bathroom before we shot, and... Yeah. Poor thing. Well, I know what you think of Justin, and I certainly know what you guys think. We have hundreds of bachelorette" fans Here with us tonight. I'm gonna... Let's open it up. Let's see what you guys have to say. Who has a thought about Justin? You do? I think just proving that... Justin's not here tonight, Proves he's a liar... not only a liar, but a coward. Who does that? All right. Woman : Whoo! Simple. I like it. Anybody else? I just wanted to say that I think Ali did A great job of calling him out, and I think women everywhere were pretty proud of her. (cheering) (Craig) I agree. I agree. And I will say something else you guys told me When we were in the room is that you guys have never Been more turned on by Ali, the way she took him down. Ty : I agree. I wish they could've heard what she really said. It was great. Go ahead. All right, this question's for Craig r. Um... It seemed like throughout the whole show, You had a lot of issues with Justin. Um, would you ever consider maybe resolving those issues In an oil wrestling match in a... (laughs) (cheers and laughter) I could, uh, I could be your cheerleader. Man : Whoo! I don't... I don't like To pick on guys with casts on their legs, Now whether they're real or not, 'cause I'm not even convinced that his leg was really broken To begin with, but now as soon as his leg heals up and he's fully healthy, I would love to meet Justin in the olive oil wrestling ring. (cheering) I think we've all had enough of Justin by now. When we return, it's the woman of the hour. Ali is here to tell all. (cheering) And then it's a sneak peek At the hot new show, "bachelor pad." All this and more When the Bachelorette, The men tell all" returns. ♪ (cheering) ♪ Welcome back to the Bachelorette, The men tell all." Well, the men have had their say, and now it's time to hear from our bachelorette. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Ali! (cheering) ♪ Hi. (laughs) how are you? Good to see you. Have a seat. Hi, guys. Good to see you. Oh, my goodness. Thank you so much. I was so sick of talking to the guys. (laughs) oh, come on. They're great. What's it like, coming back out here and seeing these guys That you went through this amazing experience with? It's crazy. I'm a little nervous. It's so funny. Normally I'm not nervous, and I was standing outside that door. I'm like, my heart is racing. It's really good To see all you guys, though. Like what? What are the nerves? Like, what is it about seeing these guys? Yeah, you know, It was hard the way that we have to say good-bye, So I think it's just exciting to see everyone in, like, A more relaxed setting. Going through this experience with you, Each week got that much tougher. Um, and by the time we got to hometowns and then the exotic dates, I mean, it was just... It was an emotional ride for you. Yeah. It really was. I knew going in that it was gonna be difficult. I just had no idea how difficult and... Yeah, and that's the thing is, you know, you have an idea. You were on the show, but when it's... When you are the bachelorette, it's a whole different game. Yeah, yeah, uh... I mean, I think I just went in Expecting it all to be rainbows and butterflies. Like, I just thought everything Was gonna be so great and so wonderful, and, you know, It was really hard to say good-bye to people That I care about and to... to hurt people, and then, You know, I got hurt along the way, too, so... Well, and let's talk about getting hurt along the way. Um, situation with Justin... what's your take On Justin and that whole thing? I don't know. I mean, watching it all go down on TV, I sort of... I don't know. I'm proud of the way I handled it. I have been at times the girl that's been hurt... Like, his girlfriend was hurt back home. Right. The girl that's sort of been cheated on and put in that position, so I just really didn't want To let him hurt me that way. Yeah. I didn't want to shed one tear for him Because I wanted to be strong for me. I wanted to be strong For, you know, Jessica back in Canada, and I wanted to be Strong for, like, all the women and young girls That are watching the show, thinking, you know, "I've been hurt that way before." This was, again, a roller coaster ride for you. What was the toughest part of this whole journey? Saying good-bye to people, I think, you know? I think it's just because... just because I'm not A good match with somebody... Yeah. I think that, um... It doesn't mean any less of anyone, but I think, you know, I mean, The Tahiti episode was... was probably rock bottom for me. Yeah. So... I know, 'cause, I mean, we went through this together. I know you didn't see that coming from Frank. You know, I came into this knowing that there was A possibility that, you know, I could wanna be With someone that might not wanna be with me back. Yeah. I just didn't think it was Frank. But correct me if I'm wrong. You know, when we get down to that final four, especially, and you thought, you know, I'm home free as far as that's concerned... Yeah. You've narrowed it down to four great guys. Mm-hmm. I just was not expecting it. I wasn't at all. In hindsight, do you wish you could have taken kirk To Tahiti and given him that time? (chuckles) hi, kirk. What a great guy. I mean, right? Seriously? Great guy. (cheering) (laughs) And, um... So even, you know, would I have liked To know about Frank, you know, way before? Yes. Right. But I think everything sort of played out how it should. Kirk, your chance to see Ali for the first time... (Ali laughs) Since you said good-bye. What do you have to say? Um, obviously, I came here uh, with the hope Of falling in love and moving forward with you, Um... I have nothing but the utmost respect for you, and I'm just glad that you can be honest with me. I think that it made me realize that I'm ready to find somebody to spend the rest of my life with, and I think that me meeting you is part of the process. (laughs) Kasey. The floor is yours. (laughs) Ali, you're great. You know you're great. You know, I had so much fun with you. It was awesome. It was just such a good time... I mean, on a volcano in Iceland. Are you kidding? Like, that was awesome, so you know, thank you For letting me go when you did. I really appreciated that. You know, it was at that point... not thanks for where she let you go. No. No, for sure. I mean, okay... definitely not... hold on. I do not believe you. Hold on. I do have, like, a couple black toes From frostbite, which is kinda cool, but, I mean, All in all, I had such a good time, and there's really only one thing I can say about it, and that is... Hold on. (laughs) ♪ on the night that I first say you ♪ 
♪ I came to guard your heart ♪ 
♪ but you left me on a glacier ♪ 
♪ and you chose that (bleep) rated-r ♪ (laughter) (cheering) ♪ Frank and Justin are bad guys ♪ 
♪ and they really did you wrong ♪ 
♪ I just wanted to make you smile ♪ 
♪ by singing you another Kasey song ♪ (laughs) (cheering) Thank you! (laughs) Well, obviously, there was a lot of drama, A lot of emotion on this season, but everyone still managed to have a lot of fun, Even if that fun wasn't always exactly planned. (bleeps) ♪ Come on, Craig. (laughs) (cheering) (laughing) That has no spring in it. That was awful. A little tight in the, uh... Midsection there. Ali : oh, my God. This is so uncomfortable on me. (groans) I can't imagine how uncomfortable it is on you. I feel like guys tend to idealicize the... Idealicize? Idolize. No. And I wouldn't even wanna do it with just anybody. I wanna do it with Roberto today. (laughs) I've been to New York. I love it. It's a lot of fun. (dog barking loudly) (imitates dog barking) (dog resumes barking) I told him to shut up, If you were wondering what I was saying. Where the (bleep) are the owners? They must be like, "oh, my dogs are barking. I can't believe it." no, they don't care at all. They just let their dogs bark all morning long. Now he's talking this about your mom. (laughs) (dog continues barking) No, she's not. I think the guys expected to come in here and me to be, like, some sort of robot. Like, "hi. Do you w... " (gasps and screams) (laughs) there's a huge rat. (audience cheering) (laughing) (laughter) Oh, these are tough. These interviews are tough. (guitar plays Spanish riff) (deep voice) hola. ¿cómo estás? Tengo algunas cosas para decir y para explicar Que... Solamente nosotros vamos Al entender. Está bien. Sí, yo entiendo. No, no, yo entiendo también. Oh, sí? Sí. (hollow tapping) Who's the (bleep) that gave me a plastic cup? (laughs) (clinks) that's better. Ah. (whispering) we're in Turkey, and there's nothing else to do. But maybe we'll (bleep) their pants. (laughter) (water splashes) (laughter) (muttering indistinctly) (men laughing and speaking indistinctly) (laughter and cheers) Aw. And as you guys know, that's just what we could show on ABC. (laughs) That... that happened around the world. Oh, we had a lot of fun... Mm-hmm. As we traveled around. And I appreciate you being here. I know you enjoyed it, but I know it's also tough to see these guys, Um, and, guys, thank you so much for opening up as well. Coming up, we'll take a closer look at Ali's final two... Chris and Roberto. And then it's a sneak peek At the exciting new series, "bachelor pad," So don't go away. (cheering) Know somebody Who would make a great bachelor or bachelorette? Go to bachelor. ABC.Com and click apply." Welcome back to the Bachelorette, The men tell all." Next week, it's the moment all of America's been waiting for... When Ali will pick the man she would like to marry. Will it be Chris or Roberto? (cheering) Well, you're gonna have to watch next week To find out what happens, but for now, Let's take a closer look at Ali's journey With these two incredible men. Ali : from the moment I saw Roberto, I felt an instant connection. Hi. How you doing? Good. How are you? I always said I didn't think I could fall for someone At first sight, but I could've proven myself wrong here. You look beautiful again. Aw. I can't believe you said that to me. I'm embarrassed. No, like, you do. You look very handsome. Not only is he this attractive, sexy athlete, but he's genuine, with integrity, and I find that so sexy and attractive. One of my biggest worries about Roberto is that he's too good to be true, Because, you know, our passion is so intense and strong. I just hope his heart's in this, 'cause I know mine is. What do you want out of life, Like, when it's all said and done? I want to have a family Who I feel fills me up with unconditional love. I agree. Love makes everything worth it. Ali : I would be so lucky to have Roberto as my husband. Hi! Roberto : I've never had feelings develop this fast. But you're so beautiful. Ali's unlike any woman I've ever met. (cork pops) Whoo! (laughs) She can be beautiful and elegant, Fearless enough for anything. Yes! (laughing) (grunting) I think I could definitely be the guy She spends the rest of her life with. I feel like it's important that I tell you, you know, That I'm falling in love with you, and... I just want you to know that. Ali : Roberto's everything a girl could want in a guy. He makes me feel like I could fall down and pick me right back up and be there for me, and I think it's so important in a relationship and something that I've been missing my whole life. Oh, yeah, this is nice. Roberto : she is unbelievable, and even if there's a chance That my heart will end up broken, To me, that's worth it, and I'm ready To get down on one knee and propose to her, and I'm hoping she'll accept. Hello, Ali. Hi. Ali : Chris was just so sweet and charming The second he stepped out of the limo. I just remember having, like, so many butterflies. You have a close family? Very close, yeah. There's just something very manly about Chris That I find very attractive. His integrity, honor... Be careful. He's an unbelievable man. I know he'd treat me so well and would make a great husband. My Dad's an awesome guy, and if I can just be, like, half The husband he was for my mom, you're gonna be a lucky lady. Oh. (laughs) I'm just smitten when I see him. I've never felt that way with someone. But we're not really getting to the level I feel like our relationship needs to be as fast as I'd like. Welcome to Cape Cod. But after meeting his family, wow. Things really turned around for me. I got to see a totally different side of Chris, and we took a huge step forward. I see my brothers and how happy they are. I know how happy my Dad and mom were. I'm very jealous of that, and I wanna find the person That makes nothing else matter, and you make me smile and happy. Aw. I like that a lot. The walls finally came down, and he's all the things and more that I thought he was that first night I met him. I'm speechless even talking about him. (whispers) damn, you're cute. And even speechless when I'm around him. So good to see you. Chris : Ali's unlike any girl I've ever met. She's smart, playful. She's drop-dead gorgeous. She really is amazing. I love being with her, and I don't want it to stop. I love this girl 100%. Whoa! Ali : Chris just dropped out of my dreams. Chris could really be the one for me. I could see my life with him being full of romance and love. I'm so excited about us. I really see myself with you forever. You know that, right? Really? Yeah. Really. Really. Really. Chris : I've found my soul mate, my perfect girl. I'm excited to get engaged and get married and start sharing the rest of my life With the girl of my dreams. I want what my parents had. I want something that lasts forever. My Dad always told my mom, "love is the only reality. Nothing else matters." Never thought you'd ask. I want to love her. I want her to love me, and that's what I want for my life. (cheering) Two really good guys... Chris or Roberto. We all can't wait to find out what happens. When we return, we're gonna get a look at the show That's got all of America talking. Don't miss the exciting sneak peek Of bachelor pad" When the Bachelorette, The men tell all" returns. (cheering) ♪ (cheering) Welcome back to the Bachelorette, The men tell all." I'm here among a bunch of bachelor" fans. So let me ask you guys, what do you like best About the bachelor" and bachelorette"? Woman : the drama. Drama. Dates? Yeah. Woman : hot tub! The hot tubs. Yeah, okay. The love, the drama, the crying, more drama, Sometimes a fairy tale ending sprinkled in. Well, here's a new show that has everything A "bachelor" fan wants and more, Because the craziest, Sexiest, wildest cast members of all time Are coming together to live in the bachelor" mansion, and we're calling it bachelor pad." (cheering) Once upon a time, There were bachelors and bachelorettes Who found love on television. I would be honored if you would be my wife. You may now kiss your bride. (cheering) (Jason) I found the woman of my dreams, and it's been so worth it. And then there was everybody else. (sobbing) (sobbing) I don't know what you think is missing. (sobbing) I can't stand this. I was really starting to see a future together. I can't breathe. It just sucks. (sobbing) (sobbing) Ohh! I'm super attractive. You don't feel a connection with me? Like, who do you think you are? God? (bleep) Now the most memorable bachelors and bachelorettes Of all time are back for a second chance at love. Man : all the girls are, like, smoking hot. Every single one of them. Woman : everyone is beautiful everywhere you look. They're all living in one house and sleeping in one room. (Wes) there's definitely a very healthy sexual tension Going on between the guys and the girls. There will be love... Woman : I think there's a spark beginning to happen there. Hookups... Woman : Kovacs and Elizabeth snuck off together To get a little rendezvous time, and I don't know what happened  After the door shut. Betrayal... Woman : there's not one guy in the house  I wouldn't kiss to win $250,000. Backstabbing... Man : she was trying to use her assets to get what she wanted. Cheating... Woman : he's the person that I trust the least in the house. Scandal... (crying) I was shocked to see what I saw. I was shocked. And a whole lot of crying. (sobbing) (crying) I'm an emotional wreck right now. Don't cry. Don't cry. I'm just trying to do the right thing. (crying) no, I'm scared. God, I'm so emotional. (sobbing) I'm so sorry. Oh, boy. I didn't think it'd be this hard so soon. Welcome to bachelor pad." Woman : I came in here going for the money, but I didn't expect to find love. Man : Whoo-hoo-hoo! (Wes) if I find love, if I find somebody That I'm totally head over heels for, Then I'll welcome it with open arms. (screaming) (kiptyn) I think with Tenley and I both, There's some attraction. There's some chemistry there. (Tenley) kiptyn is the kind of guy I could have A relationship with. I haven't met someone like him, I don't really think, ever. (Gia) I'm the only one with a boyfriend, A serious relationship back home, and everyone knows it, but it's still hard. (Wes) I like Gia. I like her a lot. She possesses all the qualities in a woman that I would want To marry one day, but I know she's got a boyfriend. Everyone's got it wrong about you. I love you. I mean that, From the bottom of my heart. I didn't know that, you know, I'd get so close To such an amazing guy. It's getting exciting. When I kiss him, I feel love. It is true that girls are (bleep) crazy. You're trying to hurt me so that you can get the money. I don't think you care about me at all. If you treat me poorly, It could have negative consequences on you. Are you threatening? It's gonna get tougher now 'cause then we're gonna have To start voting off people that we're actually friends with. In a game for 250 grand, there is no fair." She's a hot girl. You know, she's been kinda Coming on pretty strong. She's playing you like a fool. (laughs) dude, we're in a bad spot. I guess with every hero, You've gotta have a villain, you know? He is sneaky. He is the guy at the end That would turn around and stab you in the back. You know what they call me? Dangerous. Someone's telling all these rumors. It's causing a lot of (bleep) trouble. I'm freaking out. Honestly, I feel so sick right now. (gagging) Oh, my God. Are you... Oh, this is brutal to watch. (coughing) Whoo! Woman : there's gonna be drama, and people are gonna fight. That's the name of the game. Don't call me a (bleep). Or what? Or what? Or what? We are not friends. I don't know why you'd think I wanna associate with you. I can't live with her every day for the next three weeks. I would rather be poor than be a (bleep). It's not worth it. I'm sorry. It's not worth it. Everyone's gonna see when this airs Who's real, who's not, who's fake and who's a complete imbecile. I am so screwed. I haven't seen myself cry in a while. (sniffles) welcome to the bachelor pad." (cheering) That's just a taste. I can tell you it is spectacular, and I can't wait to see how it all turns out In two weeks, right here on ABC. Guys, thank you so much for being here. We really appreciate it. (cheering) And to our studio audience, thank you very much. Thank you. And don't forget to watch next week For the unforgettable season finale Of the bachelorette." For everyone who's been a part of this one, I'm Chris Harrison. Good night, everybody. (cheering) ♪ Next week on the bachelorette"... It's the dramatic season finale. Ali : I never would have imagined Being here in Bora-Bora. This is a dream for me. I just feel so lucky. Chris : Bora-Bora's an amazing place, and it's even better when you're with someone That you're falling in love with. Roberto : I know I love Ali. I wanna spend my life making her smile, making her laugh. I would be so lucky to have Ali as my wife. Ali : I'm so thrilled that Roberto and Chris Are gonna be meeting my family. Roberto : I think it's really important for the man To have that conversation with the Dad and let him know what his intentions are and ask for his daughter's hand in marriage. It's so important to me that I have your blessing. I gotta know more about you. It's such a short time frame here. Chris : when I propose to Ali, I wanna become part of her family. I want her brother and sister to be like A brother and sister to me. I want her mom and Dad to be like a mom and Dad to me. I'm ready to take that gigantic next step. One of the things I wanted to talk to you about is the fact that in a couple days now, I'm gonna be asking for her hand in marriage. You met Ali two months ago. I mean, can you honestly tell me that you love my daughter? Ali : I'm about to make one of the most important decisions I will ever make in my whole life. I'm thinking about these two great guys I have, and they're both amazing guys, but there's always that fear That, you know, am I making the right choice? I am a mix of emotions. I wanted to come here and risk everything for love, and today I've taken that ultimate risk. It's all coming up next week On the unforgettable season finale of... Just wanna say that I personally loved the voice mails That were Justin's exit music, and I just wanted to know What did you guys think? This is actually really embarrassing, but when I left from New York, he left me some voice mails. Let's play 'em. (man, high-pitched voice) first message. Beep. (deep dramatic voice) Jonathan, It's me, Justin rated -r" rego. (laughter) Things haven't been the same since you left, brother. I feel like a jabroni without you. (laughter) (high-pitched voice) beep. (deep dramatic voice) hey, boo-boo, it's me again, Your partner in slime. The plan's coming together. I just got rid of the idiot with a tattoo On an iceberg volcano. (laughter) (high-pitched voice) beep. (deep dramatic voice) hey, Ali's on to us. Pick up the phone, pick up the phone. I'm coming home to you. I love you. (laughter) Not enough he had two girlfriends. Apparently, he had a, uh, growing love affair With the weatherman as well. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 