Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 07x06 - Week 6 (Season 7) - The Bachelorette 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 07x06 - Week 6 (Season 7) https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=292&t=18295 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 06/30/11 17:17 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 07x06 - Week 6 (Season 7) 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on... 
 Are you leaving? 
 Yeah. 
 Even if I'm not coming back, like... 
 I still wanna keep the dot, dot, dot" there. 
 I didn't think this would happen to me here. 
 (sobs) 
 Now how can I do this? 
 This is the most beautiful place I could ever imagine. 
 But I'm still thinking about bentley. 
 The fact that he left me with a dot, dot, dot" 
 Leaves me wondering. 
 It's hard to have come this far and just feel like-- like you're in the dark. 
 Your type is bentley. 
 I can see it on your eyes. 
 Ashley : I don't know how to handle this. 
 I promise you, this is not gonna have a happy ending The way we're doing it. 
 What's going on in that head? 
 Ashley : if I don't get closure with bentley, I'm afraid I might never find love here. 
 So what do you want to do? 
 I just wanna... 
 Have a clean break Honest relationship. 
 I'm gonna do everything I can to make something happen. 
 Ashley : I'm scared That I'm never gonna be able to get over bentley and I'll never get the closure that I need to move forward. 
 (thunder rumbling) 
 ♪ 
 Ashley : I love hong kong. 
 It is one of my favorite cities that I've ever been to. 
 Hong kong has the most beautiful skyline I've ever seen-- 
 The buildings, the shapes, The hustle, the bustle, the cars. 
 There's the city feel. 
 There's the island feel. 
 It's--it's a great, great place to be. 
 I have been trying to put my best foot forward and I have been dating, really trying to move forward, and I'm having a really hard time Completely forgettininabout bentley and what could've been. 
 Part of my heart is still with bentley in the United States. 
 When he left, He told me he wants to end on a dot, dot, dot." 
 That usually means to be continued." 
 And he tried to put that idea in my head, That he left with a dot, dot, dot" 
 Because you never know what happens. 
 But at this point, I need more than that. 
 I need the closure from bentley to really move on. 
 Man : damn. Damn amazing. 
 What's up, fellas? 
 Come on in. 
 Good to o e you again. 
 What's up, Chris? 
 Man : Chris. 
 Hey, guys. Come on over. 
 Ashley : I want this to work out Just as much as everyone else does, and these guys that are here deserve it. 
 You all have literally traveled around the world On this journey to find love with ashley. 
 And today, you've reached your next destination-- 
 Hong kong, china. 
 Ashley : I owe it to them to find out the truth for myself, So I can be the best fiancée, the best wife that I can be. 
 Chris : you guys are gonna be staying In the luxurious conrad hotel hong kong. 
 You guys go get checked into the hotel. Find your suite. 
 Your first date card from ashley will be waiting for you there. 
 Ashley : how can I be expected to be happy and have a really good time and get to date other guys When all I'm thinking about is bentley? 
 I'm so scared that I'm never gonna get The closure that I need to get over this bentley thing. 
 I just don't think I can get through When I'm feeling this way. 
 And I'm afraid that I'll never find my husband here. 
 Hey. Can I come in? 
 What are you doing here? 
 Came to see you. 
 You're scaring me right now. 
 Don't be scared. Come here. 
 What's up? 
 It's all good. 
 Um... 
 It's just--look, at the, uh, last rose ceremony... 
 Mmmmmm. 
 You and I were talking. 
 There's a bit of a roadblock... 
 Right. 
 And that's bentley. 
 Right. 
 You have eight outstanding men... 
 I know. 
 Here in hong kong right now. 
 I know. 
 And you have some amazing relationships building. 
 My greatest fear for you... 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Is, at the end of this, One of these guys is down on one knee and proposing to you... 
 Mm-hmm. 
 And all you're thinking is, "hmm, like, what if?" 
 And so I told you we would do everything we can, and we have. 
 Okay. 
 We've--we've reached out to bentley... 
 Okay. 
 And he wants to talk to you today. 
 Okay. Great. 
 All right? 
 That's good. 
 That's really good. 
 And, in fact, he's in this hotel... 
 Shut up. 
 Right now. 
 (pounds chest) 
 Are you serious? 
 Yeah. 
 He's here? 
 Right now. 
 Is this a joke? 
 Not at all. No. 
 He's literally flown halfway around the world to hong kong... 
 To see you and talk to you. 
 Are you serious? 
 Yes. I'm not gonna mess with you. 
 I need some time to, like, sit down and think 'cause I'm not prepared for this at all. 
 No, I'm gonna make you go down there right now. 
 I mean, after I leave, you'll have time To kinda get your thoughts together. 
 Okay. 
 But I just... 
 When you talk to him, You know, he left you with this vague dot, dot, dot" thing. 
 Mm-hmm. Like, I have no idea how I'm gonna feel When I walk in there. 
 Are you gogoa be strong enough to push him to get-- you know what? 
 Vagueness is not-- 
 I need more than vagueness. 
 (pats leg) 
 I don't want to convince somebody to love me, obviously. 
 Right. 
 But if he's thinking about me, I wanna know Because what I felt for him and what I still feel for him is so strong, and if it's real, Then I want to figure it out. 
 And if it's not, then I completely understand, but I just need some closure so I can move forward. 
 Don't let him, you know, be vague. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Just--I mean, push him for details. 
 I will, if I have to pull it out of his throat. 
 Yeah. 
 When you're ready... 
 (paper and pen clatter) 
 That's his room. 
 Go talk to him. 
 Hehe in that room right now. 
 Okay. 
 All right. 
 Thank you so much. 
 Good luck. No regrets. 
 No regrets. 
 Say everything that needs to be said. 
 Okay? Don't leave that room with any questions. 
 (whispers) okay. 
 Promise? 
 Okay. Talk to you in a little bit. 
 (normal voice) bye, Chris, thank you so much. 
 Hmm. 
 ♪ 
 Ashley : when Chris told me That bentley is here in this hotel, I felt really shocked that he flew all the way out here. 
 I still feel the same way I do when he left. 
 Like, still really exc--excited that there was potential Or if he felt the same way. 
 And I'm scared that me staying here is keeping me away from a really good relationship. 
 I'm just anxious to see what happens and what comes of it. 
 I just need to be true to myself and d honest with myself and not worry about what other people ththk, Because there's a risk that ic. 
 I don't doubt that, but that risk is worth it Because I need to get to a place where I can be happy. 
 If bentley comes in saying That he made a mistake and he's not leaving, then I think There's still hope there, but I don't know what will happen in the end. 
 (exhales deeply) 
 (knocks) 
 (bentley) who is it? 
 It's me. 
 Hi. 
 Hi. 
 How are you? 
 Good. How's it going? 
 Good. Good to see you. 
 You, too. 
 Hong kong, huh? 
 (chuckles) 
 Welcome. 
 Good. 
 Come on in. 
 Oh, my goodness. 
 Yeah. 
 It's nice in here. 
 What's up? 
 What's up? 
 Good to see you. 
 It's good to see you. 
 Have a seat. 
 Thanks for coming here. 
 Have a seat. 
 (sighs) you come here often or... 
 Yeah, no, I thought about calling, but it'd be too easy. 
 So I thought I'd fly around the world... 
 So, yeah. 
 Hmm. Well, I'm glad you're here. 
 So fill me in. Tell me what's up. What have I missed? 
 Okay, what do you want to know? 
 What, where we've been? 
 Everything. Everything. 
 Everything. 
 Everything you can tell me. 
 Everything that you want to tell me. 
 Um... 
 I can tell you I've been working, and... 
 Yeah, that's about it. 
 How's cozy? 
 She's good. 
 Good. 
 Could I ask you something? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 You okay? 
 No, I have, um... 
 Bug bites? 
 Bug bites from the last place we were at. 
 I know, it's really sexy, huh? 
 You got sweet blood. 
 I guess so. You knew that. 
 Mm-hmm. (chuckles) 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Sneaky. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Gosh, I don't even know where to begin. 
 Start at the start. 
 (sighs) okay. 
 Well, after you left, I had a really, really hard time. 
 Was it fun, though? 
 No. 
 Okay. Sorry. 
 So, yeah, I think you leaving was really hard for me. 
 For me, too. 
 Okay. 
 And, um... 
 You know, I feel, like, guilty 'cause the guys-- 
 The guys don't know how hard it was for me. 
 They think it was hard that somebody left, like, you know, Because of my insecurity, but they didn't know  That it was you, like you specifically was so hard for me. 
 Selfishly, I appreciate that. 
 You know, that's kininof a reaffirmation about, Like, us being on the same page, I think. 
 So you can understand where... 
 I, you know, if we have something good going, It's--it's hardd to just walk away and say... 
 If things were gonna be done forever, then I, 'cause... 
 Okay. 
 But it's hard to know, you know, I-I mean, where I was comingfro, You know? I mean, I-I-- who--you know? 
 But you know what-- 
 Who knows? I told you to come to salt lake. 
 I told you if it doesn't work out with these other guys, I told you to come to salt lake and-- but that, to me, is really hard Because I can't do that dot, dot, dot." 
 That's not fair to me, To say that you wanted to leave it open. 
 Well, I guess if I could do it all over again, For your sake, and--and, you know, that's why I'm here now, Is, you know, to say that I-I couldn't believe that--that I went home and... Missed this, M-missed you, missed being here. 
 That was--that was real, and that was very, like, shocking to me. 
 And to be honest, like, I have a gut feeling about you, and I-I believe in fate, like you said, and I don't know why you came into my life. 
 Maybe it was for me to teach you something Or maybe it's for me to learn from you. 
 But maybe it's to o together. 
 I don't know what it is. 
 But I just couldn't let it go, and I still can't. 
 I still can't let it go. 
 I think you know where I'm at, and--and... 
 I think you know where I'm coming from a little bit... 
 But I think you're here for a reason... 
 Mm-hmm. 
 And I think you're here for a purpose, and I think that... 
 Knowing that I'm home, It's--it doesn't look good for me and you. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 And I would... 
 Implore you to... 
 Do all you that can to see at you have here, I guess. 
 So this is our period. 
 See, like, there are some points in life Where you just have be a man and just admit that. 
 Like, if it's a period, like, you just need To put it--put it there. 
 I mean... 
 Because the truth is, like, I was broken, and it's not easy for me to say that to you. 
 And if you came here For the same reasons michelle money told me, Then you would run with that and have fun and leave me with the dot, dot, dot" 
 And leave me with, like, me wanting you? 
 And you know what? 
 Mission accomplished. 
 If that's what you wanted, mission a-(bleep)-ccomplished. 
 But I thought that you respected me enough as a human being To give me the closure that I needed If you were gonna leave me at that point,t,nd you didn't, and that sucked, and it's not fair to the guys right now, For me, because I'm holding on To what, this stupid dot, dot, dot," When you left me. 
 I feel like with where you're at In this whole journey and process, That maybe we shshld call it a period. 
 So you came all the way here When you could've just talked to me on the phone? 
 I wanted to see you. 
 Why? 
 Don't worry. I'm not... 
 I... 
 Fishing for anything. 
 I'm just curious. 
 I-I... 
 Just wanted a vacay? 
 Why are you looking at me like that? Like... 
 Sorry I smiled at you. 
 You should have called. 
 It's hot in here. 
 Mm. 
 That's it. 
 Okay. 
 Ashley : I cannot bebeeve that I wasted so much time on bentley, Both with him and thinking about him when he left. 
 I needed this time away from him To really be able to see through him. 
 Bye. 
 He knows exactly how to talk to a girl To making them believe whwh he wants them to believe. 
 He's that bad boy that wants to play women and has so many issues that are in his head. 
 Like, he's such a player. 
 He disrespected me, like, to the core, and I don't understand what I ever did Or what anyone could ever do To make somebody treat them that way. 
 But you know what? Bentley, if you're watching this, (bleep) you. I'm done with you. 
 Coming up... 
 Oh, my god. 
 Now that I've put closure on the whole bentley situation, I can move forward. 
 Somebody just got engaged in front of us. 
 I really feel like I'm a huge step forward in finding my husband. 
 (singsongy) who's next? 
 (lucas) she looked refreshed, and she had d different glow about her. 
 This is awesome. 
 (ben) 
 I am on the path to love. 
 Ashley : this cocktail party is the first one that I go into Feeling like I've gotten the proper closure with bentley. 
 Bentley actually came to hong kong. 
 Ryan : the mood in the room completely changed. 
 (mickey) to hear that I'm competing with eight other guys Instead of seven is not welcome news to me. 
 Obviously, you lied to us. 
 This is wasting my freaking time. 
 I mean, I don't wanna play second fiddle to anyone. 
 I just don't see what the hell you see in that guy. 
 Ashley : what have I done? 
 That didn't sit well with me at all. 
 You put every (bleep) minute into her, and then this happens. 
 (voice breaking) I'm sorry. 
 It's not easy, and... (cries) 
 It's only gonna get worse. 
 I'm done. 
 Ashley : I never knew it was gonna be this hard. 
 Ashley : so this morning was not what I expected at all. 
 Bentley showed up here in hong kong. 
 But after I walked away from the conversation, I feel refreshed in a way. 
 And I'm not sure what tomorrow holds, but all I can say is, right now I feel so liberated. 
 I'm so excited to see the guys, and I don't feel like I'm ready to tell the guys as a group Everything that happened today. 
 When I feel ready, I think I'll probably address some of the guys individually. 
 This week in hong kong, I have two one-on-one dates and a fabulous group date, and I'm so excited for every single one of them. 
 (doorbell rings) 
 Man : is that the doorbell? 
 Man : I hear something. 
 Guys. 
 Man : ames. 
 Date card. 
 Man : wow. 
 All right. 
 Man : three guys left without a one-on-one. 
 Is that right? 
 Ryan : this is a really critical week. 
 Almost everyone has already had a one-on-one date with her, With the exception of lucas, blake, and I. 
 And... I'm optimistic that this will be the--the week 
 That I finally get to have a one-on-one date with ashley. 
 "lucas"... 
 Man : oh, big tex. 
 Man : oh, lucas. 
 Man : what? 
 "let's find our good fortune on the streets of hong kong. 
 Love, ashley." 
 Nice. 
 Man : all right. 
 Tex. 
 Finally. 
 I'm super excited about this one-on-one date. 
 This is my first one-on-one with ashley. 
 It could be my last. 
 It would be, uh, horrible If--if we would just--couldn't wait f f the date to end, and I hope that's not the case and I don't think it will be. 
 I've never been in any kind of city like this. 
 I've never--never been to new york or anything, So this is all gonna be new. 
 If lucas does in fact come home this evening, It puts significant pressure on the rest of us. 
 Big tex in downtown hong kong-- won't be coming backck ♪ 
 So the first place I'm taking lucas is kowloon, and it's known for its neon signs, and just--when you think of hong kong, This place is exactly what you think of. 
 Look at the lights! 
 Oh, wow. 
 Ohh! 
 This is gorgeous. 
 Now that I've put closure on the whole bentley situation, There's a possibility that I can move forward, but I'm not there yet. 
 And there's a rose on this date, so... 
 Yeah, I know. 
 You have to be nice to me. 
 I mean, I am--I'm sure things are gonna work out really well, but I've been surprised so much, that I really just kinda Have to take it day by day and just see how things go. 
 Ashley : oh, my god. 
 (percussion instruments rhythmically beating) oh, my god! 
 That's two people. 
 Crazy. 
 (laughs) 
 (laughs) 
 Ashley : don't you feel like we're in new york? 
 (lucas) I've never been to new york. 
 No! 
 I'm not very well-traveled, You know, I enjoy fishing and stuff with buddies. 
 (lucas) me and ashley walking in downtown, All over hong kong, totally different culture, and I'm sitting there with a beautiful woman.. 
 This is awesome. 
 She looked refreshed and happy, and she had a different glow about her. 
 Let's go down here. 
 Okay. 
 I feel like we've been seriously, like, hanging out and dating for a while. 
 Oh, look at the street market. 
 People are selling things. 
 We're walking through this tiny little market, and it goes fofoa mile and a half. 
 We have to try something. 
 Yeah. 
 We walked up to this food store, and she looked at me About this food. 
 What is that? 
 Woman : pig intestine. 
 Pig intestine-- that's what I thought. 
 Oh, okay. 
 We try some different food, Try some things both of us probably wouldn't eat. 
 Spicy. Chewy. 
 This is an experience you'll never have again... 
 It's hot. 
 So I was like, let's do it. 
 Cheeseburger? 
 (laughs) 
 (lucas) look at this. 
 Ashley : beautiful. 
 I'm enjoying our date. 
 Me, too. 
 It's awesome. 
 But it's not over. 
 It's not? Yeah? 
 Since I love the skyline so much, I wanted to see it from the best possible way... 
 Uh-huh. 
 So we are going to be... 
 Sailing. 
 Oh, my god! 
 Absolutely! 
 Ashley : I'm having a really good time with lucas. 
 I haven't thought about bentley at all, So that's a great sign, but I need to feel the romance, and I really need to feel like he's feeling something with me. 
 Here's to a woman I never thought I would meet and a life I hope to have. 
 The three things that I want to happen before this night ends-- 
 I would love to dance with her, I would love to get my first kiss, and I would love that rose. 
 This is not a bad backdrop for our date. 
 No, I think we're doing pretty good, sweetheart. 
 We're doing pretty good. 
 Absolutely. 
 Do you think that I am the type of girl that you would date? 
 I-- no, actually, no, absolutely not. 
 Really? So this is-- no. I'm just here for a boat ride. 
 (laughs) that's funny. 
 Me, too. 
 (laughs) 
 So how are you doing with all this? 
 I'm doing good. 
 Are you confident? I mean-- 
 I mean, you know... 
 Well, I think I'm as confident as I can be... 
 Yeah. 
 Having gone through a few little hiccups throughout the process, but as of very recently, I'm in such a great spot. 
 Yeah. 
 I really am. But I'll always be true to how I really feel. 
 You're just in a tough-- tough--a good position, but a tough position. 
 You think it's tough? 
 I mean, I can't imagine being in your shoes. It's hard. 
 What's the hardest thing you've ever been through? 
 Um... 
 Honestly. 
 Um... 
 Other than some family members dying and stuff like that, Yeah, divorce. 
 That was probably the hardest thing, yeah. 
 My first marriage was... 
 Wonderful for a while. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 It really was. 
 She was the love of my life... 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Um... 
 I was actually in love for the first time. 
 But, you know, things started going sour, and I didn't know why at the time, you know? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Um... 
 There was a moment When I knew this is not the girl I should be with... 
 Mm-hmm. 
 And it was a hard thing to, like, swallow. 
 You don't have to talk about that. 
 I know. 
 It just wasn't meant to be, and I believe in that, you know? 
 Yeah. 
 Everything literally happens for a reason, I believe, and, you know, god has a plan for me and... 
 Yeah. 
 Hopefully, that's why I'm here, so I don't know. 
 That's why you're here in hong kong. 
 Hong kong, in the harbor, in a pirate ship. 
 (chuckles) yeah, it's a pirate ship. 
 Yeah. 
 All right. 
 ♪ 
 If you're not on the one-on-one, How many group dates would that be for you? 
 That'd be lucky number five. 
 Yeah. 
 Both of you want to be on the one-on-one? 
 Uh... 
 Yeah. I want to be on the one-on-one. 
 I would assume you want the one-on-one as well. 
 I'm not thrilled at the prospect Of being lumped in the same category with Ryan. 
 (doorbell rings) 
 Man : get it, boys. 
 Man : all right. 
 You know, neither of us have had a one-on-one date, and if she sees us as the same type of person, Then that doesn't sit well with me. 
 Oh. 
 (blake) I would like to have that one-on-one time. 
 Date card, gents. 
 All right! 
 You ready? 
 Ryan : yes. 
 Man : do it. 
 Here it is, boys. 
 (mickey) what we got? 
 "Ryan, "mickey, Constantine," Myself, "ames"... 
 And blake. 
 "let's get our hearts racing. 
 Love, ashley." 
 Man : what? 
 Man : whoa! 
 Man : J.P. 
 (mickey) wow, dude! 
 Ryan : J.P. On the one-on-one? 
 Man : um, um... 
 I mean, totally not expecting that. 
 (blake) J.P.'s definitely a front-runner, but I also know That, you know, she has a pretty good connection with ben. 
 She'd have a great connection with me If I could get some time. 
 (laughs) 
 On this date, I've learned so many great things about you. 
 The most important thing is you're just, like, a real guy, You know, and, like, that's what I'm looking for-- 
 Somebody that's hohost and genuine and just somebody I can see an everyday life with, and I saw that today, but I also learned a few things about you That I still have quesesons about... 
 Okay. 
 So after thinking about it... 
 I really want you to accept this rose. 
 (laughs) I would love to. 
 So wililyou accept this rose, lucas? 
 Yes, ma'am, I will. 
 (laughs) good. (laughs) 
 Yay! 
 Thank you, sweetheart. 
 Mm. 
 Mm. 
 Mm. 
 Good day today. 
 Was that our first kiss? 
 It was. Sorry. 
 I didn't really plan it. 
 (sighs) 
 (laughs) 
 I'm glad you accepted it. 
 I do want to give you a kiss, though. 
 Really? 
 First--first date, first kiss. Do you mind? 
 No. 
 Okay. 
 (lucas) I feel unbelievable. 
 That's the best first date I've ever had in my life, right there. 
 We're hanging out in hong kong harbor, Uh, we got our first kiss, and I feel awesome. 
 I'm glad we get totoove forward in this journey. 
 So I-I feel, uh, I'm on cloud nine. 
 Ashley : every time I am with lucas, I get surprised, and tonight, I appreciate his honesty and his comfort so much. 
 Lucas makes me feel like a woman, Like there's something about his manlihood That makes me feel protected, and that's something I'm--I've definitely learned that I like. 
 I started off the day With a situation that I had dreaded for a long time, and I ended it with probably One of the most romantic nights of my life. 
 In this moment, I am so happy with the way everything's turned out, and I feel really positive about everything, and I think I'm on my way to finding my husband here. 
 Coming up... 
 Whoo! 
 We're gonna be dragon boat racing today. 
 (crashes) 
 Man : push! Push! 
 Let's go, guys! 
 (ben) there's a rose on the line, and we came here to win. 
 Push! 
 (ames) I'm ready to take our relationship to a new level. 
 Now more than ever, the rose is so important. 
 You guys think Ryan's getting the rose? I would be surprised. 
 (blake) if Ryan got the rose, I would probably just pack up and go home. 
 Everybody wants ashley to see Ryan for who he really is. 
 (laughs) 
 (birds chirping) 
 Ashley : I am really looking forward to today. 
 Welcome! 
 Man : hello. 
 Man : hi! 
 These guys are so great, and now that I've put bentley in the past,  I can move forward with the guys that are truly here for me. 
 Come on in! 
 So today, being in hong kong, We're gonna be doing one of the things that people from here Pride themselves on. 
 So glad you guys are here. 
 I'm so excited about this day. 
 We're gonna be dragon boat racing today. 
 Man : nice. 
 I don't know a damn thing about dragon boat racing, but I'm definitely gonna do what I can to get that rose tonight So I don't have to worry about the rose ceremony coming up. 
 I'm going to split you guys up in three groups, and you guys are gonna be racing each other. 
 Constantine and ben, you guys are the blue team. 
 Man : yeah, boys! 
 Man : oh, the long hair! 
 Blake and Ryan, You guys are the red team! 
 All right, man, we get to be a team this week. Let's do it. 
 Ames and mickey, you guys are the black bandits. 
 Thank you so much. 
 All right, guys. 
 Two people are not enough to move these boats, So you guys are gonna have to go out into the streets and recruit people to help you guys. 
 Are you serious? 
 Ryan : I think this is gonna be an interesting challenge. 
 How can we go into a completely strange environment, Unable to speak the language, yet somehow get people To trust us to come on a journeyeyn a boat race? 
 You need at least eight people. 
 Man : okay. 
 So anything more than that is a bonus. 
 Really? I've gotta go walk around and try to get people To get on this boat who have no clue how to speak english? 
 Luckily, like, she split the teams up right. 
 She put me and ben together. 
 We're gonna go out there, and we'll have, like, a team in no time. 
 All right, so you guys have one hour. Let's go. 
 We're going all dudes here, right? 
 Yes. 
 Okay. 
 Do you g gs speak english? 
 No. 
 Do you speak english? 
 Not at all? 
 Blake and I realize that step one-- 
 We need to get a translator. 
 Hello. 
 Do you speak any english? 
 We need to get someone that could actually help us To find other people. 
 Do you have any interest helping us put a team together Since, uh, we only know english? 
 We found a-a local named domino, and he hopped on board, and he was oururreatest fan. 
 Oh, we're definitely gonna find some people here. 
 Do you know how to dragon boat, bro? 
 No. 
 No? 
 First and foremost, this is for ashley, So we can't lose this race. 
 We're much better off with experience than sheer numbers. 
 Totally. Absolutely. 
 Yeah. 
 Our strategy is to recruit a few people, but very good people. 
 Are you familiar with rowing? 
 Boom! 
 This is the guy we need. 
 Oh, my god. 
 Couples. Couples are good. 
 Would you guys be interested In doing a dragon boat ros-- race with us? 
 Sorry. 
 No? Thank you. 
 Do you know what dragon boat racing is? 
 Yes. 
 Would you like to be on our team? 
 No. 
 No? All right. 
 It's been a really hard process Trying ot find people to-- to get on our team. 
 So we've got these, uh, these dragon boats over there. 
 About an hour. The three dragon boats over there. 
 I think that people are just kind of uncomfortable With two strangers coming up with a stack of bandannas, Asking to dragon boat race. 
 How do you feel about some animals? 
 Yeah. 
 That's what I'm talking about. 
 Let's bring some dogs. 
 (babbles in high-pitched voice) friend and I are in a competition with dragon boats, and we need to recruit guys to row. 
 Uh... 
 (ames) really? 
 Korean team, yes. 
 (speaks korean) 
 Yeah. Yes. 
 Thank you. 
 Dragon boat race? 
 (blake) one thininabout Ryan is That his energy is kind of annoying. 
 I bag on him all the time for being so energetic, but I think it worked out really well. 
 How many do you have? 
 You have four guys? 
 That'll be perfect. 
 Four guys, yeah. 
 Come on. Let's go. 
 We got a group of four guys right off the bat, and it just kinda snowballed. 
 Nice, guys! 
 Do you speak english? 
 No. Sorry. 
 Aw, you speak a little bit. 
 Come on. 
 Towards the end, me and ben hadn't t tten Anybody to sign up with us. 
 Our charm doesn't obviously translate... 
 Not very well. 
 In this country. 
 Not very well. 
 I think, you know, what we should do if we're gonna go out, Is go out looking like g's. 
 Go out in style. 
 We're probably not gonna win this race with two guys, but we're gonna look damn cool doing it. 
 We need something super authentic. 
 That's what I'm talking about right here! Silk kimono! 
 ♪ 
 (gong crashes) 
 All right, guys! Come on in! 
 Come on down, red team! 
 Wow! 
 This is team shÃ¨ngl . 
 ShÃ¨ngl . 
 It--it means victory." Nice! All right! Nice! The black bandits! ♪ Whoo! (ben) team red dragon! When constantine and I walked down the beach in our outfits, We felt empowered, Channeled the red dragon, the eye of the tiger, and we didn't have to recruit anybody. After we e t on These robes, it was kinda like, "enter the red dragon." We had nobody, and then we bought these... Until we got these sweet threads! We bought these and we had everybody! (ames) constantine and ben walk in with red robes, and we think, that's amusing, but really, mickey and I Are not here to be flashy. We're here to win this race. We're here to get closer to ashley. All right, let's load into the boats. Let's go, guys. Whoo! There's a lot on the line this week, and there's a lot l--on the line today, and we came here to win. It has nothing to do with the rose, but at the end of the day, There's a rose on the line, so we're here to have fun, but in the end, we're here to win. Go. Row! Row! ♪ Let's go, fellas! Let's go, guys! There we go. Together. Don't worry. Man : keep pushing, keep pushing, keep pushing. Ashley : nice job, guys. We got this! Man : one, two... When we get out on the water, sheer pandemonium and panic set in. Team red dragon is not prepared. Ba chi! Ba chi! Our chant-- ba chi, ba chi, ba chi-- Was supposed to mean eat it," but we found out later  It meant idiot." ba chi! Ba chi! ♪ (mickey) keep pushing! Keep pushing! Keep pushing! Our team was awesome. Everybody looked like they were in unison, Just pumping along, but every time I turned around, Ryan and blake were right there. Ashley : altogether, guys! (ben and constantine) ♪ row, row, row the boat ♪ 
♪ gently down the stream ♪ 
♪ merrily, merrily, merrily, merrily ♪ 
♪ life is but a dream ♪ Push! Push! Ashley : all right, home stretch guys. Come on! Push! Push! (mickey) push! Ashley : we can catch up. A little faster! A little faster! (mickey) push! Push! Push! Push! Push! Push it all the way! Ryan : oh, my god. Oh, my god. Let's go! Let's go! Man : push! Push! Push! Come on. (cheering) Oh! Let's go, red dragon! We got smoked. Whoo-hoo! (mickey) clearly, our strategy paid off, and it feels good to win. Winning the trophy here today can only help Win the rose is on the line later tonight. Ryan : so where did you fin? They weren't ringers. We just went around asking. The--the one guy was, uh... How did you guys go so fast? He knows how to row. (cheering) oh, my goodness! Man : no way! Man : oh! Somebody just got engaged in front of us. Yeah! Whoo! Man : oh! Man : that is awesome. Can you believe that that just happened? What are the chances? Ashley : I can't believe that I'm here with all these guys, and we look over, and somebody is getting engaged on the beach. That is so cool. I'm hoping that That's foreshadowing what's to come for me. Oh, that's cute. Right place at the right time. I had such a great day today. I love spending time With these guys. Every time I spend time with them, I really get to know them a little bit better, and now that I put closure on the whole bentley situation, I really feel like I am a huge step forward In this process in finding my husband. (singsongygywho's next? If you'd like to date The next bachelor or bachelorette, Go to bachelor.Abc.Com and click apply." Ashley : today was such a great group date. Ever since my talk with bentley, I really feel like A fog has lifted, and I can see everything so much more clearly. Man : yeah! Man : look at this! The rose means Something different than it did a week ago. This is gorgeous. I'm looking for a husband. I'm looking for somebody That I can see a future with. How are you guys doing? Good? Totally good. Thank you. I feel like tonight is gonna be a really good night. Good energy. (ames) totally agree. I'm so glad to have everyone here. I feel good going into tonight. It was a, um, it was a good day. And she seems optimistic. She seems positive. Cheers to making the most of the time we have left together. (all) cheers. (clink) (ames) ashley seems totally happy. We've had a great day here in hong kong, and I'm really looking forward To spending some time with her tonight. What's up? Oh, you'll like it. I'm gonna like it? I think so. Oh, gosh. Let's see. At this point, I feel like ashley and my relationship is totally unique. We haven't rushed anything. Everything feels natural, but fun and exciting At the same time. Do you know? Yes, I do. As far as possible. (button clicks) oh, my goodness. And I'm ready to take our relationship to a new level. Oh. Cheers. Have you been up here? Cheers... (spepes indistinctly) I have been up here before. Mm. Whoa! Ames! Where did that come from? (elevator bell dings, doors open) (man speaks chinese dialect) uh-oh. That was unexpected. (laughs) Oh, shoot. (elevator door closes) Mm. Where are we going? I don't know, but. Are we just... (laughs) (ames) I'm totally falling for ashley. Last week, my head was spinning because I got Practically knocked out in the muay thai boxing ring. Tonight my head is spinning for much better reasons. I'll never forget this moment, I'm gonna tell you that. Same here. (elevator bell dings) Ashley : the elevator kiss. (gasps) oh, this is gorgeous! I've never seen anything like this in my life. This is stunning. Whew! That really took my breath away. This is stunning. Ashley : so far this evening is going so great. I had no idea how much I was really holding back. I'm really starting to feel like these guys are Actually here for me, and I regret wasting so much time Thinking about bentley. Oh, ames, I'm so glad you took me up here. I'm so glad to have come here, ashley. It's so nice. Yeah. I love hong kong. (footsteps approach) (J.P.) so who's going home this week? I think, uh, ames and Ryan. Yeah. If Ryan got the rose, I'm jumping off the frickin' 61st story. (chuckles) (doorbell rings) What is that? Doorbellll Doorbell? You're gonna get it? Okay. I'm gonna get it, but you're gonna read it. Yeah. Everyone figured that because I wasn't on the group date That I am going to get the one-on-one, but I wasn't so much waiting for the date card. I'm waiting for the date. I just want to go to bed, wake up, and go to the date. Go ahead. (sighs) Nice. "J.P., let's take a peek into our future. Love, ashley." Mm. Not much to go on. No. My last one-on-one with her was so long ago, and it was short, but amazing. I'm really excited about it. I'm just excited to spend time with her. Cheers to you, buddy. Thanks, bro. (clink) 
 
 ♪ We didn't get any time to talk last rose ceremony. It's actually been really nice not having-- to talk to me? (laughs) No, no, no. You know what I mean-- Just being safe the last couple of weeks, so thanks for that. Yeah. I know. You're lucky. Very lucky. Right? (giggles) My feelings for ashley Are stronger than they've ever been. I am on the path to love. Who would have thunk it? Mm. The biggest skeptic of all. This guy-- the biggest skeptic of all. I didn't really know what to expect. Coming into this thing, I was very skeptical Of the whole process and everything, and I think as this process has gone one, I've become more open to change and--and ready for this. I wasn't ready when I got here. Really? Yeah. I, like, in the back of my mind, I knew that I wanted to be, and I've wanted to be for quite some time, but it kind of took something like this To help me make that change. Mm-hmm. The walls are down, and if that means I get crushed in the end, that's a part of it. At the same time, if I end up with a girl that I love, Then that would be a dream come true. (indistinct conversations) You know, I found in there, like, a pool table. So... (ben) oh! Let's go play. Ryan : really? No, you're staying. Ha ha ha ha! Me a a you? I think everyone feels the same way about Ryan. Oh, I'm so bummed. (blake) he's easy to get along with in small doses. But at the same time, he can be extremely exuberant, and it--it is so irritating. How are you? But at this point, it's gone on long enough That no one in the house Can--can really stand the guy. It's not just you and I. No. I think that it's kind of boiled to the point now Where everybody wants ashley to see Ryan for who he really is. You gotta wonder, either she likes that kind of attitude, Or, um... (chuckles) Who knows? Maybe he's just a different person around her. Ashley : what's going on? Had a fun chat with the guys... Yeah? Speculating about the hard decision that you have. Now more than ever, the rose is so important. You know what I mean? Sorry. I just thought that... (chuckles) okay, the rose is so important. It is. It's not just about who wins the race, You know, or whatever. It's about what I feel for somebody. (constantine) you guys think Ryan's getting the rose? (blake) yeah. I wouldn't be surprised. Yeah, my gut told me "Ryan" at the beginning of the night. If... We're there and Ryan's there, How can, you know, she see anything with us With him standing there? Because he's completely different, you know? The prevailing winds are saying that Ryan shouldn't be here. We just have fundamental differences. If Ryan gets the rose tonight, I will be livid. I would probably just pack up and go home. I would love to see how--how-- I mean, I obviously-- I would love to see your, You know, your family, where you grew up. I also would love to see how you live your daily life Where you're at now. I'd love to show you. Unfortunately... Yeah. I know. I know. Whew. (speaks indistinctly) but, um... We'll talk about it, I guess. I would love to talk with you. Mm. Maybe a one-on-one? (laughs) All right, I'll be right back. Hold on. Oh. I'll be right back. Sorry. Okay. Bye. Basically, you know, I had the-- The good fortune of being on the bow of the boat with him For a good portion of the afternoon, you know... (mickey laughs) yeah. And I would have stopped paddling, taken the paddle... Knocked myself out. Knocked myself out and drowned myself. (blake) the thing that kills me though, is I-I... (ben) hey, guys. Man : hi. Hello. Hey. What's going on? Hello. I'm gonna grab this. Ah. I'll be back. (mickey) I'll tell you what. I'm right about everythingng  Man : everything. It's so stupid. Everything I say happens. I just need to shut my mouth. When ashley walked in and--and--and grabbed that rose, You know, at this point, the decisions that ashley makes Certainly affects everybody around. The decision tonight of-- of offering Ryan the rose-- Um, I was upset. (gasps) shush. (laughs) Ashley : tonight I realized that these guys are here for me. They're not going anywhere, and I'm really feeling Like things are looking really hopeful and promising for me. Ryan, will you accept this rose? Absolutely. Great. Okay. Some people like cheese. (chuckles) I can't stand cheese. Who can? (ben) gonna be a smug look on his face When he comes back h he to us. (ben) I'm bummed about ashley's decision. Granted, maybe she hasn't experienced The Ryan that we all know and can't stand. It had not nothing to do with me getting the rose. It had nothing to do with that. It had everything to do with her giving him the rose. Kinda let down. If you'd like to date The next bachelor or bachelorette, Go to bachelor.Abc.Com and click apply." I've been so excited all day, just 'cause I know That I have a date with J.P. Tonight. To be honest, this is the most excited I've been for a date Since I've been here. How are you? How are you? Hug me. (laughs) Tonight I'm having dinner with J.P. In the kowloon walled city, and we're actually having dinner Right in the middle of the chinese zodiac park. It is so good to finally see you again. I swear, I've been looking forward to this for so long. Really? Yeah. The last that we had was right after bentley left, and I had so much going on that I really wasn't able To focus on our date, So I feel like tonight is the first chance For me to really just lay everything out there and open up and really take steps forward in our relationship. Here's to us Having this relationship Grow and evolve. I think there's, uh, good things for us ahead. I think so, too. (clink) cheers. (J.P.) it feels good to have the first second one-on-one Out of anybody. It means a lot to me. I'm assuming it means a lot to her. She makes me feel alive. I haven't felt this strongly towards somebody In a while at all. What's going on with you? Anything? Um... Yeah, things have been great. Yeah? I mean, I'm in hong kong, eating dinner with you. I mean, if you were to ask me a month ago What I would be doing a month from now, I mean, this is sur-- it's surreal. You wouldn't think we'd be here? No. What do you think we're gonna be doing in a month from now? Um, something having to do with getting down on a knee maybe? I don't know. (mouth full) you are sosoonfident. Is it because you feel something Or you're just putting up a front? What do you think? Mm. It's really weird. I... This is gonna come off so cheesy, but don't take it that way. What? It just feels like we're meant to be a little bit. Really? Yeah. I'm just so--I'm just comfortable. It's like... Well, when did this all start for you? When did you start feeling comfortable? I believe that it was That one-on-one date that we had that was just-- It was perfect, you know, and sometime during that, It was just... It was just easy. Like, I was sitting there talking and realized, This is perfect. (J.P.) every time I've seen her, Things have gotten better and better and better. I mean, I don't want to jinx it, but I am confident that tonight's gonna go great, I'm gonna get the rose, and it's gonna just keep getting better. I do have a question for you. Go ahead. When was the last time you cried? In terms of months or years ago, or do you want the, uh-- What was the last thing that made you cry? My ex. When we broke up, I was in a bad place, you know. Mm. I was devastated. My only fear... Mm-hmm. That's feeling that way again. Like, loving someone so much, To have it completely pupued away from you... Mm-hmm. It's--it's--it just hurt. Do you feel like you're, you know, kinda moved forward From your last relationship? Like, do you really feel closure? Yeah. Yeah? I really do. I care about her, and I want her to be happy... Mm-hmm. But it took-- it took a while for my-- I guess my heart to catch up to my brain. Mm-hmm. Like, my brain always knew that, like, We were not good for each other, but my heart wasn't t ady to... Accept it? Accept it, and now, I mean, it has. It has for a while. Ashley : talking to J.P. Tonight, I realized that I was starting to fall for him. He is probobly one of the most gorgeous guys I've ever seen in my life. He's such a loyal guy. He's determined. He's committed. He's gonna be a great family man. He is the total package for me, but I need to tell J.P. Everything that was on my mind and everything that happened with bentley, and that's the only way that we can move forward from here. You know, at this point, I feel so strongly about him, and I just want to be open and honest, but I'm scared that this might backfire. So, yeah. Um... (clears throat) so... Uh-oh. Yeah, so I, um, have something to tell you. Okay. I'll stop eating for this. And now I'm sitting here, and I'm a really nervous wreck, Because I'm scared how you're gonna react... What? But I have to tell you something, and, um... You're the only person Thatat am telling, as of right now. Are you okay? It's like you're... (chuckles) (laughs) I'm really nervous right now. Are you really? I'm sorry. Yeah. Don't be nervous. Um, and I, um, wanted--I wanted to share something with you. I... Oh, gosh. How do I tell you this? I saw bentley two days ago here in hong kong. ♪ So I, um, have something to tell you. Okay. I'll stop eating for this. (chuckles) and now I'm sitting here, and I'm a really nervous wreck, Because I'm scared how you're gonna react. What? Ashley : because I'm feeling so strongly for J.P., I want to approach our relationship In a very honest kind of way, So this bentley breakup is really weighing on my mind, and I want to just tell him exactly what happened. (laughs) I'm really nervous right now. (chuckles) are you really? I'm sorry. Yeah. I think that he's gonna understand Everything that I'm about to tell him, but my heart is beating out of my chest. Oh, gosh. How do I tell you this? I saw bentley two days ago here in hong kong. What? Really? Yeye. Okay. And, um, Like, you know, very early on, when we had our date-- You remember that--that night, obviously. I do. I was, um, obviously, bentley had left... Right. That day, and you knew I was having a hard time,  But you didn't know how hard of a time I was having,  Um, and not just because somebody left, but because he left, and, um, I didn't get great closure, and in the back of my mind, even though I-I'm, like, Feeling so strongly for you, I'm still thinking. I'm still thinking, well, what if? Or was that meant to be? Or--I just couldn't really-- Like, I feel like I couldn't give myself to you 100% If I still felt that way. Okay. So, um, I saw bentley. We sat down and had a conversation, and, um, I'm happy to say that things were so different. And we put really good closure to everything... And I want you to know that, Because I want to be 100% honest with you. I don't want you to look back and say, "well, why didn't she tell me this was going on?" right. And the reason I'm telling you is because I feel so strongly for you, and I want you to know about t e whole journey, and I want to not leave here feeling regret, and I don't want to leave here feeling Like I have unfinished business. Thank you for telling me, and I'm m ad you got the closure you needed, and I appreciate your honesty. All right. Okay. It's important. Okay. I don't want you to feel like you can't tell me something Because you're afraid to or, you know... Yeah. Afraid that I might judge or react in a way That's, like, I don't know, that would make you feel bad. Like, I want you to tell me whatever's on your mind... Mm-hmm. So I'm glad you told me this. Like, it--it means a lot to me. Good. I'm glad you-- I'm glad you're still here. How are you feeling? I--much better. Really? I thought he was gonna, like, pop out of the woods somewhere. (laughs) no! I feel so much better now that I told you. Do you? Good. Like, the guilt was-- he was in hong kong? Yeah. The guilt was weighing on me. You don't even know. I feel so good about moving forward now. Yeah? I feel like everything is... Out there. Okay. Good. Good. I'm glad. Okay? Yeah. (J.P.) I am glad she felt comfortable enough to tell me. It--it didn't matter to me. The only thing that mattered wawa That she got whatever closure she needed. She told me about it, and we've moved on from there. ♪ Having this date with you tonight has been amazing, and I see so mucucin you that I absolutely love, and I don't want To be anywhere else except for here right now. Me neither. I was really nervous about telling you everything, and I feel like I have, like, a clean conscience, and I feel like we can really move forward and take the steps That we need to in order to be where I want to be in the end, Um, if that's with you, Um, so... Jordan paul, will you accept this rose? (laughs) I think you know the answer to that one. ♪ Thank you. (J.P.) tonight was incredible. I am now more emotionally attached Than I have ever been. (woman speaks in chinese dialect over p.A.) Things are perfect. Things are perfect. She and I are-- we're on the right track. ♪ I'm completely blown away By how I'm feeling. I'm crazy about her. ♪ Tonight is so perfect that I just-- I don't want it to end, and I don't think she wants it to end either. (brakes whir and click) ♪ Oh, my god. How beautiful is this? (J.P.) this is ridiculous. (ashley gasps) good mumuc. Look. What's that? Er--it's an erhu. I know what it is. Do you know what it is? (chuckles) no. ♪ What are you thinking? That there's no place on earth I'd rather be right now. Me, too. Ashley : I started off this week putting closure to something That was very emotional for me. It was difficult, but also it needed to happen, and tonight is the reason it needed to happen. I'm ready to move forward, and J.P. Is a guy I can see myself moving forward with. I'm so comfortable around him. I feel secure. I feel relaxed. I feel like I don't have a care in the world. It's a good feeling. It really is a good feeling. I really feel like Ththe may be somebody here for me. ♪ Coming up... Ashley : seeing how J.P. Responded to the bentley news, What better time to tell the guys than now? Bentley actually came to hong kong. (blake) I thought bentley was a non-issue. I thought he was done. I don't wanna play second fiddle to anyone. She's wasting my freaking time. (sobbing) If that's what you're looking for, please send me home. I'm feeling so good right now. This cocktail party is the first one that I go into Feeling like I've gotten the proper closure with bentley. I think that's her. I think that's ashley. Hey, guys! Yeah. Ashley : it felt so good to be able to tell J.P. Last night Everything that happened. I have this whole new sense of freedom. I feel liberated, and I feel like going in there tonight, I have What I need to really push these relationships forward. Seeing how J.P. Had responded to the bentley news, I thought, what t tter time to tell the guys than now? I'm so excited to get it all off my chest. It's gonna be great. Hello, gentlemen. Men : hi. How are you? You guys look great. Good. You look great. Yeah. You look wonderful. How gorgeous is this? Oh, it's--it's-- Guys, have a seat. You're making me nervous. (chuckles) wow. This is for you. Thank you very much. You're welcome. She is gorgeous. It's tough to take your eyes off her, and she just captivates the whole room. Cheers, guys. Men : cheers. Tonight's gonna be important. I definitely want to make sure that she knows I'm still around. You know, last week I was preaching honesty and how I wanted to be very open with everyone, and there's something that I do have to tell you guys. Do you guys remember, Uh, when bentley-- bentley left, right? Mm-hmm. And I think you guys know that, you know, it was-- It was pretty difficult for me, having somebody leave, but what you guys didn't know-- just how hard it was for me, Because it was him leaving, and... To be completely honest with you, I... In such a short period of time, I completely-- Completely fell for him. You know, he was telling me things like, "I want to leave it like a 'dot, dot, dot.'" You know, "call me when this is over," And all along, I've always felt like I didn't get the proper closure with him that I needed To really move forward in some of these relationships, So bentley actually came to hong kong, and I got the closure that I needed, and out of respect for you guys, I just wanted to let you know exactly where I was at and how good I feel about you guys and how going through that made me realize What I'm looking for in a man and how you guys have those qualities More than anyone that has been here in the past. We had a date, and we talked about you being Completely let go of your past relationships... Mm-hmm. And that's exactly what you told me, and that's... Mm-hmm. A contradictory statement at this point, you know. It's a weird situation to be in, uh, you know, so suddenly. Yeah. No, I mean, I-I agree, and that's why I'm telling you this. (lucas) why didn't you do this earlier? Do what? Just find that closure earlier. We've been to, like, Three different spots, and, um... Yeah. So it was kind of a g-- It's kinda... It was time. Yeah, no. Absolutely. It was kind of a gradual thing. Like, at first I was, you knowowi had a hard time, but then I went through a time where I thought, Okay, he's gone. No big deal. And then I started developing these really strong feelings, and I reached a point with some of you guys where I felt like There was a roadblock, like, I wasn't allowing myself To fall 100%, because something was holding me back, and I needed to release that in order to move forward, and I can't tell you how good I felt after I walked out Of that room. It was the best I've felt in a really long time. It's weird to me. I just-- I'm glad you got closure, but, um, you know, We're putting a lot on the line as well... Mm-hmm. You know, so, um, I don't know. I mean, I'm curious as to-- it must've gone poorly, Because if you had such a strong connection with him In such a short amount of time, and you've been thinking About him this whole time, You know, to see him again must've been a good thing, You would think, and you said that you had fallen for him. Yeah. Yeah, I was falling for him, and... I'm sorry if that... Um... ♪ (J.P.) the guys are not happy. She was just being selfless and honest... Excuse me. But these things happen. It's real life, and people get upset. I hope that she's okay. I know exactly what you're feeling... 'cause I feel exactly the same way. To sit here right now in hong kong and to tell me... Ohh. That you've gotten closure-- I'm sorry, like... What do you think the closure was? That's what I'm saying. What closure could you possibly have? O knows? (mickey) what if there wasn't closure? He'd be back. Listen, she didn't have to tell us anything, and we would never have known, so if she really didn't get The closure she needed, or he had a change of heart and wanted to come back, he'd be back here, guaranteed. Look, there was obviously a connection there, but I think there were some very core differences In how bentley lives his life than--than ashley does. Ryan : some of the guys are really upset about this. Whatever. You don't want to be here, go home. I want to be here. If I can make her feel better, great. I'm there to help. You're gonna have individual conversations With all the guys about this... Mm-hmm. And I know some of the reactions there were negative. Mm-hmm. My blood pressure didn't even move a beat, and as far as closure and stuff, I get it. I mean, the last thing You wanted was to keep holding on to that and wondering, So, I mean, what I told the guys over there--I was like, "guys," I was like, "don't overreact to this, you know." they're visibly upset? Some of the guys much more an others, for sure. You hit the nail on the head when you said that a lot of us Sit around and wait for an opportunity to go on dates... And somebody chooses to leave and then is allowed... Yeah. To come back across the world for a one-on-one... Yeah. When the rest of us are sitting in hotel rooms... I don't dig that, man. Sitting in hospitals. Yeah, sitting in hospitals with concussions... For boxing our asses off. For boxing, you know. My biggest pet peeve is wasting my time, you know, and I'm in hong kong. It's great, but she's wasting my (bleep) time. (lucas) I'm pissed right now. You put every (bleep) minute into her, and thenenhis happens. I was hoping that you guys would see the good in it, but, um, seeing how everybody reacted Made me feel awful, you know. I suppose that... We would all prefer our fairy tales to be simple... Mm-hmm. But they're not, and life isn't as simple as we would hope, and in fact, that's why it's beautiful. So to sit there and learn that, well, this was my first choice, but he took off, so I'll pick from you guys. (lucas) good grief, guys. We are giving up a lot being gone right now, you know. Sure. I mean, I don't want to play second fiddle to anyone. When you make a man feel second, my mind's out. I'm done. I just had my first date on a junk boat, you know. It was wonderful, and we finally started clicking a little bit, You know, and then she pulls this tonight. Does this really change your opinion of everything? Yeah. Oh, absolutely. Really? Yeah. I don't see us making up ground. (blake) I thought bentley was a nonissue. I thought he was done, and to hear that I'm competing With eight other guys inststd of seven is not welcome news to me. I was angry. Oh, we spent all night sitting. Let's stand over here. You want to stand? Yeah. I would love to, if that's all right with you. (sniffles) okay. Or I'll lean, and you can... You can do what you like. (sniffles) all right. So what's going on? I feel like I can't get comfortable. What's going on? Um, I'm just-- it's been a crazy week... I agree. It has. And I thought coming in here tonight Was gonna make me feel better By telling you guys exactly what was going on, and... It just--I don't know. I can't speak for everyone. It--it kinda makes me feel like It belittles the time that I've been here, when thehe's Some guy t tt, you know, you've already fallen for, and I've been on five of these group dates, and we haven't really seemed to be all that in sync sometimes, and I don't know if you're not sure about me Or you just could care less. I mean-- You really think I could care less? At this point, after that, yeah. Uh, that didn't sit well with me at all. I'm not gonna lie. (voice breaking) the last thing I want to do is hurt you guys. Hey. Hey, hey, hey. Come here. (sighs) come here, come here, come here. Give me a hug. (crying) I'm sorry. That's all right. Give me a hug. Come on. Like, I really--like, I care about you guys so much, and it-- It's--this is hard. I don't want to say good-bye to everyone, and I don't want to, like, hurt you guys, and... (sniffles) I'm sorry that that bothered you. I'm s-- I didn't--I didn't even r-- like, I didn't even realize it. (normal voice) you're here for a reason, and--and I-I see so many things in you. Well, that's-- I mean, that's fine. I just, you know, I I ard you talk about This strong connection with some guy that you hardly knew... Mm-hmm. And then I look at myself, and I, you know, I turn that glass on me, and it's kinda like, Is there the same thing there? You know, and honestly, if it's worth my while to stick around, You know what I'm saying? (blake) basically, it boils down to-- He can be on her mind, and he can be on a different continent, and I'm sitting there trying to win her affection, Following her around the world. I mean, no. Not--not for me. Ryan : he's just sizzling. The kettle pot is, like, starting to cook. He's, like, about to explode. (J.P.) the other guys are angry. It's unfortunate that they had to make her feel bad For a choice she made. She doesn't want to see a bunch Of other guys moping around bitching about things. They might as well just go home now. I told you that one thing that is very important to me,  Top of the list, is honesty... Mm-hmm. And I obviously felt like you--you lied to us. Really? Yeah, and I-I know nobody else wants to say it, but at this point, I do have... Mm-hmm. So many serious questions about that, and, really, questions... Okay. I'm willing to answer. That lead me to even questioning why I'm here, Because I look around the room, and I see you building connections with other guys... Mm-hmm. Stronger than connections you're building with me, clearly, but they make sense. I-I just don't see what the hell you saw in that guy, and I-I keep telling myself, I think we have a lot in common, I think we have the same morals, We have the same respect for people, but if your gut is that that's what you're looking for,  Please send me home. Really? I'm not interested. You feel that strongly about it? Yeah, I'm just not interested. (sighs) There's two guys that need to go home tonight. Just make me one of those guys... You know, I was-- and send--send me on my way. I was preaching honesty last time, and I came in here being honest with you guys, and if you feel so strongly that you want to leave,  I want you to--to take the initiative and leave. ♪ Oh, no. He's gone. ♪ (constantine) when ashley gave us the news About bentley coming out, I think she thought We might have taken it a lilile easier than we did, but mickey talked to ashley, and the next thing you know, He's on a boat below me, and we're all standing there waving good-bye. Mick! (whistles) I respect him for that. Man : damn. Wow. Shedding like flies. (mickey) it's sad to say good-bye, and I'm not happy saying good-bye. Unfortunately, I didn't accomplish what I came here for, but I think she's got a great heart, and she's gonna make somebody very happy. It's just that somebody isn't me. ♪ Hey. Man : hi. Man : hello. Man : hey. (crying) So coming in tonight, I was really happy and excited to tell you guys everything That I have been feeling all this time, Because it was really-- I felt really guilty about it, and I was so excited to finally tell you guys and let you know that--how I was feeling and how I was ready To really move forward, Um, and I know I word things wrong, and I know they come off not the way I wanted them to, Um, but tonight I got a taste of how hard it is To be on this side, and I know how hard it is to be where you guys are at, but I want you to know that I care about everybody so much, and I'm sorry if you feel defeated, and I'm sorry if sometimes I, you know, I say things that don't come out right, but I care about you guys so much, and itit not--it's not easy, and I'm gonna have a really hard time tonight, Um, and it's only y nna get worse, but, um... I just wanted to say thank you for sticking around and for giving me... (voice breaks) a ch-- (sighs) for giving me a chance and, um, and for understanding that, you know, I'm still working on things, and I'm still learning myself On how to make this work for everyone, Um, but I care about each and every one of you so much, and I want you to know that. Bye, guys. (sniffles) ♪ Man. See, that's what I'm talking about. You can't be--there's no way you can be hard on that. (constantine) that was very genuine. It's tough to be In her position, where you have a lot of guys here, and then a couple drop out. That's a tough pill to swallow. Yeah. I mean, you'd have to be a heartless man to watch that and then say, "oh, how dare you do what you did? I'm outta here." (ben) she needs to focus on the guys that she has, and if she focuses on that, she'll be fine. ♪ When bentley packed his bags and he left, That was his choice. That's his time. His decision to come back and have a little closure With ashley--I don't get it. I-I addressed all of this last night, though. All of it. Man : you know, been able to process this. I mean... You knew bentley was here last night? (J.P.) yeah. It wasn't my place to say. You sandbag. I don't think you would've told everybody either, any of you, and it's not--it's her issue, her decision and... The fact that ashley told me About bentley before anybody-- it spoke volumes. It's unfortunate that some of the guys couldn't hold back and they had to make her feel bad for a choice she made. You can tell how hard this is for her, Which instantly kinda softened my heart... Yeah. Because you can't sit there and be this coldhearted (bleep) When there's this girl that's so emotional right next to you. Man : right. It's tough for everybody. (blake) earlier in the evening, I was ready to walk away without even trying. I felt slighted and I-I had all these emotions That were centered around me, and as soon as I saw The emotion on her face, my focus shifted. At this point, I'm totally committed to ashley, and I want a rose. ♪ Come on and have a seat. (sighs) thanks, Chris. Whew. It was rough out there tonight. Yeah. It's amazing how quickly things can change. I didn't know that it was gonna be like this. I didn't know that somebody was gonna... Leave. I didn't know that the guys were gonna react the way they did. So-- (crying) I don't know what to do. I don't know how to do it. 'cause I know the guys are feeling... (sniffles) Um... Feeling neglected. It's just--I don't know how to navigate through this right now. (sniffles) You know, it's different for every person. The path is different for every person. For r u, you know, there's gonna be parts in this Where it's not easy. I never dreamt that this was gonna be this hard. I can see why they're feeling defeated. I can see it, and I just-- I wish I knew how To make them all feel special and... Yeah. Make... (sighs) I don't know. Just make them feel like great 'cause they are such great guys, and I want them to know that. Essentially, from their perspective, what you told them Was... "I fell in love with bentley..." Mm-hmm. "and halfway through this, I needed closure." mm-hmm. You know, from the guys' perspective, they're like, "we've traveled the world with you. What..." So I mean, I think they just felt second best tonight. Yeah, I think they did, too, and the truth is that they're not and that I learned a lot from seeing bentley again. And I learned a lot about that relationship. A good, solid relationship is not based on what I feel For somebody in a week, just that--that mushy feeling, You know, there's so much more that goes into that, and maybe I didn't do a good job of explaining that. I also feel like, you know, with talking to blake... Yeah. He just brought up some things that made me feel like I'm not doing a good job of letting the guys know How much I care about them, and I wish they could just Feel what I feel instead of me having, like, communicating. 'cause I'm not, you know, sometimes I have a hard time. The good news is you've been on the other side. You do fully appreciate what they're going through. (voice breaking) I just... I don't know how to make everyone happy right now, and it's frustrating because I don't wanna hurt anybody. Probably from bad to worse tonight 'cause you were already feeling a little bad after that speech, and then mickey leaves, and then, you know, You're in a tough spot tonight. I am in a tough spot tonight. (sighs) Obviously, you have a lot to think about. Um, and I also want you to think about what you're gonna say To these guys, so speak from the heart. Just be ashley, okay? All right. When you're ready, I'll see you at the rose ceremony. Okay. Okay? Thanks, Chris. Bye. Tonight is the first night where I really felt All the stress of being on this side of it. I never knew it was gonna be this hard. The reason I was telling the guys What happened with bentley is 'cause I care about them so much. I had no idea that it was gonna have the opposite effect. My biggest fear was that these men would reject me, and now I'm feeling more scared than ever. (chimes tinkling) Gentlemen, good evening. Evening. It's been an emotional night here in hong kong. I know ashley, and I'm sure you guys, Did not anticipate tonight going the way it did. From talking about bentley To mickey leaving prematurely, it's been tough. Lucas, Ryan, J.P., three of you have roses. Nothing to worry about tonight. As for the four of you, three roses to hand out. One of you will be leaving us tonight. I wish you all the best, and if you're ready, Here's ashley. (sighs) hey, guys. Um... So coming into tonight, I didn't think that things were gonna go the way they did, and I feel like I was really selfish In expecting you guys to feel the kind of relief That I was feeling, but I want you to know That from the bottom of my heart what I feel for you guys is so much more than I felt for bentley, So I'm so happy that you guys are here, and I hope that we can move forward from this and just Keep taking great steps ahead. ♪ Ben. Ben, will you accept this rose? Yes, ma'am. Constantine. Constantine, will you accept this rose? Absolutely. Okay. Ashley... Gentlemen... It's the final rose tonight. When you're ready. Ames. Ames, will you accept this rose? Definitely. Blake, I'm sorry, man. Take a moment. Say yoururood-byes. (whispers indistinctly) All right, dude. It happened. (speaking indistinctly) Good luck to you. Thank you. I was fairly confident that I would be around next week, Bubuapparently that was in my head, You know, not hers. The fact that she brought bentley All the way over to hong kong to talk to him, You know, it just speaks to the fact that She recognizes a connection when she sees it, and we didn't have one. I want someone who I respect and look up to and at the same time wanna spend every day with. Basically... I just want a friend. Come close to me, please. Absolutely. (blake) that's what I'm looking for. But I don't know what she's after. Not me. (boat horn blowing) Oh, guys, what a night. Um... It's not gonna get any easier, but I want you guys to know I'm so glad that you guys are all here, and I'm also excited to tell you That we are moving forward. Mm-hmm? Both in our relationships and in location. Guys, we are... Going to be going To the hidden jewel of asia. Taiwan. Very nice. Whoo! All right! Taiwan. Men : cheers. Taiwan. Coming up this season on.... Ashley : oh, my god! Taiwan is absolutely beautiful. I'm so hopeful now That I've really been able to close things off with bentley and I'm seeing the guys in a whole different light, and it makes me feel so good. Man : this is freaking amazing. Man : a new place, a new city-- every time we see each other, It just gets better and better and better. Any doubts that I thought I had before--gone. Oh, my god. Look at this. Doesn't that look beautiful in the dark sky? ♪ Man : fiji would be the perfect ending to my love story. I couldn't have picked a better destination To end all this with ashley. I hope to finally find love in the blue waters of fiji. Ashley : ohh! I came here to meet the man of my dreams, and I'm so certain with the way I feel about him. I don't wanna live without him. Man : yeah! Yeah! (ashshy laughing) (ames) each of us has such strong connections with ashley. Whoever goes home is gonna be heartbroken. This is awesome, ames. Ashley : at this point, there's no doubt in my mind. I'm ready to walk away with my husband. Man : I'm continuing to think about the fact That I don't feel like I'm gonna be ready To propose to this girl. Man : it's been a lot harder than I thought it would be Because, uh, obviously, her heart's not in it. Ashley : I have regretted sending him home, and now he flew all the way to fiji. This makes things so confusing. (voice breaking) I'm having a struggle between my head and what I think is right for me and what I feel. I guess I just hoped that things would have gone differently. Man : she's got to know that I'm flustered and that I'm upset. It makes it a little more difficult for me Knowing that she's probably not in love with me. I just need to figure it out. (ashley, voice breaking) the past week, I've been having second thoughts about everything. I guess it's just hard because, like, Maybe I wasn't cut out for this, you know? (sniffles) (crying) (plane engine roaring) Ashley : you have hopes for somethinin D it doesn't come true, and that just crcrhes a lot of things for me. I woke up today thinking this was gonna be a great day, and d w it's ruined, you know? And it's so, like, cruel. (exhales deeply) It's not fair. (sobbing) I hate this. (hyperventilating) and to feel like I've been so alone On this journey. My heart is, like, totally broken. (sobbing) It's all coming up this season on... I have to warn you about something. When I talk to my dog, I have this really weird voice. (giggling) uh... I do, too. Do you? My--and my friends advised me not to talk that way. Mine do, too. Do you wanna do it? No, I can't do it. Too much too soon for you. I don't think so. I really don't think you could spook me on this one. No, trust me. Mm... Wait. What is yours like? (creaky voice) scratchy! (babbles) (laughs) gosh. (babbles) it's like that kind of stuff. Mine's not that much different from that, but... (laughs) oh, you have to go now, too. No, no. It can't be worse than mine. (creaky voice) scratchy! (babbles) (laughs) All right, mine's like... (high-pitched voice) hey, boo! (babbling) hey there, boo! Hi there, boo! (laughs) That's not that bad. That's a baby voice. (laughs) you're like, "I'm outta here." Uh... (chuckles) llsling 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 