Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 07x09 - Week 9 (Season 7) - The Bachelorette 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 07x09 - Week 9 (Season 7) https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=292&t=18298 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 07/28/11 11:59 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 07x09 - Week 9 (Season 7) 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Tonight on (choir singing in fijian dialect) 
 Ashley : Fiji is the most beautiful place I've ever imagined, and I've always dreamt of coming here. 
 It's the ultimate place to fall in love. 
 (J.P.) to be able to experience Something like this with ashley, it's once in a lifetime. 
 (filtered voice) that was the coolest thing I've ever done. 
 (ben) today coulul't have been more perfect. 
 I am falling for this girl. 
 I really am. 
 Ashley : and he's somebody that I could really see myself Spending the rest of my life with. 
 Do you think we could be like this forever? 
 I hope so. 
 When I look at him, I feel like I could smile forever. 
 I can say I am really falling in love with him. 
 Ashley : what is going on? 
 I can't believe you flew to fiji. 
 Somebody came back. 
 What are you talking about? 
 I just don't want you just be Hung up on my other relationship, Because I don't want it to ruin us. 
 That is what I'm afraid of. 
 This is not how I saw night going at all. 
 It's over right here. 
 He made a decision, and I think That actions speak louder than words, and I just have to trust That there's a happy ending out there for me. 
 It's all coming up tonight on... 
 ♪ 
 (ashley) fiji is a set of islands in the south pacific, and I've always dreamt of coming here. 
 It is a tropical paradise. 
 It's really every vacation-goer's dream. 
 It's so lush and warm, and the sun's always shining. 
 It's the ultimate place to fall in love, Hopefully get engaged, and find my true love here. 
 The beginning of this journey seems like years ago, and I'veveeen through so much-- 
 Really good times, really hard times, but everything that I've been through has made me stronger. 
 It's showed me what I'm , and I think now I have a really good handle On what I want in a man and what I want in a husband. 
 I'm at the beautiful namale resort and spa, and I have three amazing guys here-- 
 Ben, constantine, and J.P. 
 Hometowns went so well. 
 With the way I'm feeling right now, I can definitely see myself finding true love here. (both) how are you? Good. How are you? Aah! (laughs) Ohh. It's good to see you. The more I get to know ben, The more I can really see myself with him. He's everything that I've been looking for, and there's never a dull moment with him. Ashley : ooh, la la! (laughs) Looks good. My first spark with ben started On the orphanage date in thailand. He completely surprised me, and I thought, wow, This guy is somebody I could have a relationship with. Today you really impressed me. Did I? Yeah. Good. In every way. You surprised me today, too. 'cause I like you now? Do you? (laughs) oh, do you? Maybe. A little bit. Today was big then. Mm-hmm. A huge part of ben's personality is goofy and silly and fun and playful, but I think a bigger and most important part of him is sincere and honest. I-I want to tell you that I remember and cherish the moments that we--we're spending together, The little things that kinda keep me going Throughout this whole process. You know, riding on the--the moped and walking through the market and--and getting little butterflies in my stomach. Mm-hmm. Um, those are feelings That I haven't felt in a very long time. Ben has definitely been through a lot In the most recent years, and I think that he's grown a lot, and I think that he knows where his heart is, and he knows who is, and he stays very true to that, and that's one of the things that I love about him. I haven't told you this, but where I was probably, like, a year ago, I wouldn't have been ready to do something like this Ever... Mm-hmm. To kinda take a chance, My father's passing was, like, a big-- Obviously, a big part of my life. Ever since his passing, There--I've just been relatively guarded, you know? I've realized that I need to start Taking down these walls-- These emotional walls. Right. Yeah. Well, I'm glad you're in a good place. I think ben's father's passing taught him a lot, and I think it made him realize that life is short and to surround yourself with good people and people that you love, and I certainly think that he's ready to do that, but then there's constantine. So I'm gonna tie this on your hand... You are the cutest thing ever. So... Constantine was one of the guys that I really had my eye on straight out of ththlimo. He is so physically attractive, and exactly what I look for in a man, but he also has a really good head on his shoulders, and he can handle situations in a really mature way, Which h love. Raining on our day. This--we're in thailand. It doesn't matter. Like, seriously, like-- I know, I know, I know. It doesn't matter. (laughs) right. Definitely. We'll figure something out. All right. Constantine is really smart. He's thoughtful. He's very honest. He communicates exactly what's on his mind, and I'm really attracted to him. The more I get to know you, the more... I don't want to say, like-- You just seem like a real person. Good. Um... I am real, I promise. I'm, like, the biggest dork and goofy girl... Yeah. In the world. My relationship with constantine is moving very slow, but it's so meaningful, and it has so much depth to it. I know that he's not telling me anything just to say it. What he says is real. He's very true to his feelings, and it's a relationship That I could see lasting a very long time. (doorbell rings) (indistinct shouting and laughter) I absolutely love constantine's family. Do you-- I'm moving in. Oh, good. Let's-- (laughs) I'm moving in, guys. (laughs) There you go. Meeting constantine's family Was so great, and I think that that's what we needed To move forward in our relationship,  I-I see how comfortable you are around them, and I love that. Yeah. I love the fact that you just jumped right in and enjoyed it. I feel like I understand you more. I'm so happy right now. I think that we feel more connected, and we certainly took the largest step forward... (both laugh) But then there's J.P. When J.P. Walked out of the limo the first night, I thought he was absolutely gorgeous. He looked like a model, and I thought, How did I get this lucky? What's your name? May-- I'm J.P. J.P., nice to meet you. Very nice to meet you. I'm ashley. Was his smile. It's the cutest thing I've ever seen in my life, actually. I knew there was something there between me and J.P., and I was really excited to figure out what that was. Hi. Hi. How are you? Good. How are you? (kisses) I'm good. Thanks for coming over. He's just such a sincere guy. He's a grown man. He's been through a lot. He knows exactly what he's looking for. Everything he says to me-- he's so sincere, and you never have to question anything. Obviously, bentley went home today. Mm-hmm. That's gotta be so difficult, um, So first thing--I just--I just want to make sure you're okay. I'm emotionally drained, and I don't want you to think it has anything to do with you. As long as you're okay... Yeah. Then we can go on with our night. Let's go on with our night. How about that? Okay. Sometimes you don't need 20 dates To know how you feel about somebody, and with J.P., after the first date, I knew things would get pretty serious. Do you think you could see, like, us, in the future? Like, in normal, everyday life? I feel--I kind of-- like, order in chinese food? Yeah. Like, I kinda feel that's how it is now. The one-on-one-- Like, this is the time that I love, You know, the one-on-one stuff. It's so real that it's like, This is what-- this is what I want. (chuckles) you're so cute. Thanks. Physically, J.P. Is everything that I've been looking for-- So attractive-- but on the other hand, There's this emotional connection between us. It's a good balance. I'm really excited For the relationship that I could have with J.P. This week in fiji is so important, Because it's the week of the overnight dates. It's the first time that I actually get to spend Private time with the guys alone, and I've been waiting so long for this week to come. It's been a crazy journey, but throughout everything, I've kept in mind the end point, and finally it's here, and I feel so good and so confident with the men that are here, and everything that I hoped for at the end of this is coming true. If things continue the way they're going right now, I think that this could be a very happy ending for me. Ben is on his way over for our date, and we've come so far in this relationship, and I'm so excited to see What the rest of this journey has in store for us. (knock on door) Ashley : what is going on? (man chuckles) (bird calling) Ryan : I'm in fiji right now, and I'm gonna surprise ashley. She has no idea I'm here. I mean, I-I'm nervous. I'm anxious. I'm everything all rolled up into one, but I just feel that there's things unsaid and undiscovered between the two of us, and gotta explore it, Gotta see it through. We had something. What if she's regretting sending me home? And maybe looking back on it, she realizes that, yeah, Our one-on-one date wasn't really The most conducive for, you know, A passionate experience together. I've gotta see ashley one more time to say, "do you feel at all like I do, "that there's things that were left unsaid, That we didn't spend enough time?" I don't want to have regrets. I want to be able to feel That I've put everything on the line to see If there is love to be had out of this. And I want to talk to her face-to-face and look her in the eye and... Just say, "hey, let's give this another shot. Let's give it some more time." If she says she wants to give it more of a try, then great. It could be the most magical moment That we look back on for the rest of our lives. (sighs) Hi. Ry. (chuckles) hi. What is going on? Hi. What are you doing here? (chuckles) My heart is racing. Yeah, mine, too. It's so good to see you. (laughs) Whoa! (laughs) Can weweit down? Ry. (laughs) yes. What is going-- (laughs) I'm--whoa! Oh, my gosh. What's going on? All right, so... Wow. It's good to see you. It's great to see you. Wow. In taiwan, finally we have our one-on-one date, and... It was great. I mean, we go do tai chi, and that was super spiritual, whatnot, and then go to the temple, and, like, that was cool, but it's, like... Mm. Hardly conducive environments for passion, right? Mm-hmm. And then when we were sitting there having our picnic, and you're like, "I just don't feel the passion, and I don't see, you know, you there at the end," And I didn't see it coming... At all. Like, at all, at all. Mm-hmm. And, um... (inhales deeply) And I went home, and I got right back into the swing of things, Like, right back into work, but I... Kept thinking, like, I didn't feel that we really had a chance To see things through, okay? And the me of the past-- I would've just swept it under and d st kept going, but I'm 31 years old, and it's gotten me where, you know? (chuckles) Nowhere, uh, you know, so to speak, and I don't want to go through life like that, and... So it's been on my mind, like, nonstop, Like, thinking, like, wow, like, I really feel That we didn't get to see this through, So I called Chris. Okay. All right. Oh, my goodness. I cannot believe this. Okay. (chuckles) And I'm like, "I know I'm not supposed to do this, but I can't get this out of my head," And he said, "all right. She's in fiji." But I'm like... I have to. I have to see you again and... And just say this... (clears throat) all I'm asking for, and I can live with the answer either way, but I feel that we didn't have a full chance, and you know where you are with things, and I don't know if after I left, If you sat back and you regretted anything, If you thought about me at all, Or if you thought that, "wow, maybe we should've had more time together Or maybe we should've had more of a chance." I-I just--if you-- If that's in your mind at all, like, then, like, I want to spend more time with you so bad. I-I mean, call me crazy, but when I stepped out of that limo The very first time, like, there was something there. Like, I mean... Mm-hmm. There was something there, and--and every time we talked, It was just so fluid and great, but, like, we never had a chance to really let it go, Because there was always, like, guys around, With all the stuff in the house with the other guys, and... Mm-hmm. I didn't want to... Rockckhe boat even further where that stuff was, and with us, I just feel that we didn't really have a chance. Just-- okay. I am so freaking shaky. Oh, my goodness. Okay, so I'm in-- I'm in--I'm staying in this place right here... Okay. And... No need for any response... Okay. For now at all, So don't feel that you have to give any response. I don't want anything right now. I'm gonna let you think about it, but I'm here for a couple days. If you want to spend more time together... Mm-hmm. I'm here. Okay. You look great, by the way. Oh, my gosh. I cannot believe this) This is crazy. Right. Sorry. Don't mean to throw... (chuckles) No. Okay, so... (chuckles) No, I'm-- Look, no response. Okay. Okay? Like... Yeah. But... (sighs) I can't believe you flew all the way over here. Hi. Hi. (laughs) (laughs) All right. All right. I'll leave you. I'll leave you now. I have to... Okay. But you know where to find me. Yeah, I'm gonna-- Okay, I'm gonna think. I'm gonna think about this. I need to. This is completely catching me off guard. I wanted to give her the chance to think about it. I didn't want her to just have A rash, just quick, knee-jerk response, and the book's not closed yet, Unless ashley says it is. I'm gonna wait and hope that she knocks on my door and wants to give it more of a try, So... I'll wait for her. (whispers) okay. (kisses) I missededou. This journey has definitely changed me. There's no question about it. I'm more open than I've ever been. I'm more determined and realize what it takes To really go and to have love and to fight for it, and the weight is off my shoulders. I mean, it feels so amazing to get this off my chest. If I get hurt this time around putting myself out there, That's fine. At least I c c step back and say I gave it my all, Because in the past, I can't say that. Now I wait, and, uh... (sighs) Hope that she feels the same w w. Coming up... Are you okay with this? I'm more than okay with this. There is so much flirtatiousness going on between us. It's like we're on a honeymoon. This is where we're gonna sleep, but it's open to the pool, too. Okay. This is probably going to be the high point Of every date we've been on. It's our beach. Nothing could make me happier than the way things are going. Um, somebody came back. What? Don't tell me. Ashley : seeing Ryan really shocked me, and it completely threw me for a loop. I really have no idea what I'm going to do. I mean, it was really good to see him, and the truth is, I did think about him when he left, and I did wonder if I made the right decision, but I'm trying not to focus on that right now. Ben is about to show up for our date, and I'm so excited to see him. He's just somebody thth always has Such a positive energy around him, and I know we're gonna have a great time. You look so cute! You look beautiful. Thank you. How are you? Good. How are you? Good. (kisses) good. How are you? It feels like I haven't seen you in forever. I know. You haven't. The last time I saw her, we were in sonoma, the hometown, and I thought it went really well, Uh, but it's been quite some time, So the embrace and seeing her again was--was wonderful. I... Was missing it. So... I have such a great date planned for us. Mm-hmm. Um, I love being on the water, So that's why I planned a date on the water for us today. This isn't our boat? No. Our ride is... Right over there. That's a really nice boat. (laughs) (chuckles) So we're gonna be riding in style. I love it. It's--it's easy for ashley and I. I mean, even after not seeing her for quite some time, We kind of jumped right back into things. It's really nice. It's effortless. Oh! It is gorgeous. Let's explore our boat. Oh, what? I want to see upstairs. I want to go see upstairs. Perfect. A match made in heaven. (chuckles) right? (chuckles) Ashley : coming into today, I know that we're gonna have a great time, Because I feel like we're right back to where we left off At the hometown date. ♪ I loved having you in sonoma. Mm-hmm. I mean, uh, walking out of there, I felt really happy with everything, but... That's good. When I was talking to your mother, I was the most nervous Out of any point in, like, everything. (chuckles) I don't--I don't blame you. I was really nervous. You were so-- I lost my flower. That's all right. Um, that and-- I've never seen you that nervous before. Yeah. That's funny, that you were more nervous around my mother Than anybody. I was so nervous around your mother. I, like, I felt like-- I wanted her to like me, and I just-- she did like you. Are you sure? I got a really good feeling From my mom and my sister. I know them better than anyone in the world... Right. And my mom surprised-- she surprised me. Really? She was very open to everything... Mm-hmm. And she was proud of me, and she saw that I was-- I've kinda transformed Into this--this different guy, this more open, emotional ben, and I think she liked that and she liked knowing that... I was really happy, Which I am. Good. So it's-- It's good. It's all good? It's just good. And look at this. I know, right? Ohh. It's insane. (ben) this journey has been a breakthrough for me. I kinda found myself again, and in finding myself, I ended up finding a girl That I-I really, genuinely care about, and to find myself here in fiji with ashley... (laughs) I'm--I'm happy. I'm very happy. (laughs) My back? Your back? I can reach everywhere else, Unless you want to do everything. No, I don't need to do everything, Unless you want me to do everything. Yeah, I do. Do you? (laughs) oh, my lord. All right. You can start with the back totoet warmed up. Ashley : I feel like I've known ben forever. Our relationship is just easy, comfortable. I feel like I can really be myself, Which is so important. I can be goofy. I can be serious. I can be everything around ben. Okay. (laughs) We are giddy little schoolchildren. You know, it's funny. It's really funny. She's really funny. She makes me laugh a lot. (laughs) All right. You ready? Yes. I like this sight. Really? I'm, like, okay with this. Mm. Are you okay with this? I'm--I am more than okay with this. I take my job Very seriously right now. (laughs) do you? Are you good? You're a master-- You're a master at your craft. Are you good? Ashley : there is so much flirtatiousness Going on between us, and there's teasing, and there's excitement. He's looking great. I'm feeling great. It's like we're on a honeymoon or something. Thanks for all your hard work. (laughs) thanks for all your hard work. More than ever, I can see myself with ben, and I think our life would be very exciting. He has this kind of hunger for life, and I feel like there would never be a dull moment with him. ♪ (ben) the day has been great, and now we have the opportunity To do some of the best snorkeling That the world has to offer togegeer. It's gonna be really nice. ♪ Ashley : when we were snorkeling, I mean, we saw the most beautiful reef, A great drop-off, so many fish. I mean, they were blue, neon yellow, neon green. The most beautiful, colorful fish I've ever seen. Ashley : with ben, I don't have to worry about anything. I I el protected. I feel like anything out there in the world could happen, and as long as I was with him, we would be okay. (ben) today was perfect. It was a great day, and I kind of saw my life with ashley Kind of flash before my eyes, and it just felt right. I am floating. I feel... Really great. It's been years since I've-- I've felt this way, So in moments like this-- They're ones that I'll remember forever. ♪ Today was a great day. Just-- I think our best day. I do, too. We always say that, thouou. I know. It's getting better and better... Right. And that's a really good sign. Mm-hmm. After today, my... My feelings are--are different. They're stronger. They're more comfortable and calm than they've been. I just--I'm into her. I am falling for this girl. I really am. There's so much I want to tell her, and unfortunately, today is not the right time. I kinda want to keep it light still, So I will-- I will tell her this evening. ♪ If you'd like to date The next bachelor or bachelorette, Go to bachelor.Abc.Com and click apply." You're such a stud tonight. Look at you. You're so handsome. You look pretty. Mm. How are you? Good. How are you? Good. (ben) today was... Hysterically perfect. I don't knowowi just-- You could just-- I-I don't know. You can tell. I'm just... Kind of beaming. On a personal connection level, It's through the roof, and I feel like it's only gonna get better. This is nice. Ashley : what do you think? It's pretty. Look at that. Oh, what? (laughs) yeah. Oh, that's awesome. Can I get your chair for you? (gasps) thanks. You're welcome. (exhales deeply) it's so strange how-- How easy it is, and it's just, like I keep saying, just... (chuckles) Effortless. (sighs) honey, you cooked. (laughs) how nice. It's been a long time since I've felt this way about someonon Since I've been in love, and it's finally starting to set in, The fact that... The next step is a--is a really big step. I think that I'm going to tell ashley I love her tonight, and I am definitely nervous. It--it's hard for me say. I don't say it very often, So I'm gonna sincerely mean it, and it will be... It will be difficultlt I think, but I-I'm looking forward to it. To a wonderful day. I feel like our relationship Just keep--keeps progressing in the--the right direction... Mm-hmm. And today was... Perfect. Perfect. A sense of clarity for me today. Good. Yeah. It's really nice. Cheers. Cheers. (clink) There was a sense of comfort with me today. Well, I think that goes both ways. I think that both you and I feel comfortable together, and it's pretty obvious... Mm-hmm. Based on the way we interact. I mean, do you have that often? Like... No, I don't. (mouth full) really? That's why I have this grin on my face, 'cause I'm happy, you know? (chuckles) It was really quite nice today. What was your favorite part? My favorite part was actually the ride home. Me, too. Stars... Mm. A little cuddle. Mm-hmm. Very nice. Mm-hmm. Yeah, the--the ride home was really nice, Just kind of staring off and kind of thinking About this whole experience and where I want to-- Where I see myself after this... Mm-hmm. And hopefully with you, and... To be around the family and the winery... Mm-hmm. And you in the wine country with me. Ooh. Do you feel the same? Well, I mean, after a day like today, It's like... Every time I'm with you, I just leave thinking, oh, my goodness. I can see myself with this guy. Like, I really can. Mm-hmm. Like, I can see myself with this guy forever. Mm-hmm. Um, and especially a day like today. I feel like today-- you know what I mean? Yeah, no. I know-- like, I feel like We have so many great things between us, It's like, what else that would have to happen? Just to continue? Yeah, well, I mean, we're almost running out of time, too. Mm-hmm. Um... What would have to happen? I think that one of us would have to... I don't know. I-I feel committed, you know, to you At this point. Mm-hmm. I think that one of us would have to come forward and kind of fully commit... Mm-hmm. And say that... "I want to spend the rest of my life with you," And taking a leap of faith and... Yeah. Just kinda going for it. I mean, does it scare you that we're so close? 'cause I know you told me you were kinda closed off In the beginning, and I-- Yeah, very much so. Like, I'm seeing you open up. I am a complete... That's good. (chuckles) I'm kind of a-- I shouldn't say a completely different guy. I'm--I am just-- I'm available. Ooh. I'm available today, Whereas two months ago, When we started this journey, I wasn't available. You know, I'm really thankful that I've met you. I've learned a lot about myself because of you... So... That's good. My feelings are growing, and I'm... On my way... To, you know... The whole "I love you" thing. That was so good. Ashley : I know ben has feelings for me, and I think at the start of any relationship, It's hard to maneuver around Who's gonna express their feelings first, Especially in this environment, but I feel so good about our relationship. I am so excited to show ben this fantasy suite card, and I'm hoping that tonight ben will show me how he feels. So I have something for you. Is it a kiss? Yeah. And I have something else for you,  and I want you to tell me what you think. (paper rustles) Ashley and Ben, "welcome to the islands of fiji. I hope you are enjoying your stay. Should you choose to forgo your individual rooms please use this key to stay as a couple in the fantasy suite. Yours truly, Chris Harrison." I think after today, Continuing on would be wonderful. You know, being able to take that even further Would be very nice. So what do you think? You wanna get out of here? Yeah. Mm-hmm? (ben) I don't think I'm gonna tell ashley That I love her tonight. I'm still a little nervous, but you can kind of look at each other and--and get a gauge of what the other person is thinking, and, you know, it's just... All right. I get it. You get it. We're on the same page, and I anticipate this happening very soon, but tonight everything was just kind of good. (laughs) It's--it's good. Oh, my god. (laughs) You're kidding me. Is it nice? Yeah. This fantasy suite came at a-a very appropriate time. All of this is ours. I like that. And this is really cool, because... This is where we're gonna sleep, but it's open to the pool, too. Okay. To think that this is all ours for the evening Is--is super romantic. I think it's wonderful. Look at t is place. Everything in life to me right now is just clear. (water trickling) This is exactly what I want the end result to feel like. I want it to feel like today. I want it to feel like today all the time. The time we've spent together-- it's been great. It's effortless and it's easy, and if it can continue to--to be that way, I'm confident That ashley and I will be together for a long time. Ashley : it is a great love story, and it is romantic-- This whole journey that's opened him up To the possibility of love. ♪ I know that ben has very strong feelings for me. I believe thatatt's real, and I'm feeling as strong for him As I ever have. I can see myself with ben, and I can say, I am really falling in love with him. Coming up... I have a surprise for you, so let's check it out. Yeah! Yeah! (laughs) Ashley : I have a greek god to my left and the crystal blue waters below me. I could not picture a more perfect date. (laughs) (filtered voice) oh, that's so awesome! Yan) it's been a few days Since I've had the opportunity to talk with ashley. It's been very difficult just waiting. I just want a knock on my door. (choir singing in fijian dialect) Ashley : I had such a great date with ben yesterday. It was phenomenal, and so far this week has brought a pretty big surprise Th Ryan returning, and, you know, the truth is, he's s sll on my mind, but today constantine is here, and I cannot wait to spend the day with him. What's going on? Hi, constantine! How ya doin'? Good. You look all tanned. Wow. Really? Hell, yeah. You look great. Oh, my god. I got the euro mullet. I have-- I want a haircut so bad. (both laugh) Our relationship got off to a really, really slow start, and I think that that's just because that's How constantine approaches relationships, but today is really crucial, Because we're running out of time, and I have to be sure that he's gonna allow himself To fall in love here. I have such a good date planned for us. I am really looking forward to today, and I cannot wait to see the look on his face Where are we go-- I have a surprise for you, so let's... All right. All right. Just kinda check it out. Okay. Yeah! Yeah! (laughing) Yeah! (chuckles) (speaks indistinctly) Thanks. That's awesome. Oh, my god. I've always wanted to take a helicopter. You've never been in a helicopter? I mean, no. Never. Really?! No, no. This is only my second time, too. This is awesome. Yes! I'm so glad that you're e ppy. Ohh. Yes. I've always wanted to do this. Ashley : seeing him so excited really makes me feel at ease and really comfortable going into this date. It feels really good to know that I'm a part Of this excitement for him... (whirring) And also that I'm gonna be on his first helicopter ride. (filtered voice) are you nervous? (filtered voice) yes. Yes? Excited nervous. Cool. Me, too. That's-- This is awesome. Aah! Are you kidding me? Aah! (laughs) Sweet. What an awesome feeling. (constantine) the view from the helicopter Was absolutely spectacular. Fiji is just one of the most beautiful islands I've ever seen, and it's-- it's such a special moment That I'm able to share this with her. 
 
 ♪ Oh, look at that water! Isn't it beautiful? Oh, it's gorgeous. I've never seen water so blue. Could you imagine what it looks like underneath? That's, like, that's a massive reef. Ashley : floating over fiji is absolutely breathtaking. I have a greek god to my left and the crystal blbl waters below me. I could not picture a more perfect date. ♪ Oh, wow. Look at that. (laughs) (laughs) oh, that's so awesome. (laughs) Oh, my god. Coolest thing ever. (chuckles) Hey, you're--you're crushing my bucket list. I mean, it's like... (chuckles) Good. I'm glad. It's dwindling. It is so dwindling. (whirring) Ryan : it's been a few days Since I had the opportunity to talk with ashley. I got to spend a few minutes with her. Gosh, I wanted to spend so much more with her, but I got to spend a few minutes and, um, really gege everything off my mind and off my chest. Now I've just been waiting for several days now, and, uh... It's been very difficult just waiting. The hardest part is the fact that I know that she's very close to me, and I can't do anything about it. I just want a knock on my door. I just want a knock on my door, one chance to see her again, To hear what she has to say Now that she's had a chance to think about it and see whwhe our path is gonna lead. I'm hopeful that she's gonna come and--and feel the same way I do and--and want to spend more time together. (wind blowing) (water rushing) I hear something. What do you hear? Oh. Oh, wow. Look at this. Are you kidding me? That's us. (laughs) Hell, yeah! Like, I'm--I'm like a kid right now. I'm ready. Let's do that. What do you think we're doing? We're jumping off of it. Probably not. Yeah. (laughs) are we really? Oh, we're really jumping off that? Shut up. You're gonna-- you're gonna jump? (laughs) Seriously? Let's just do that ledge, okay? Okay. Yeah. I think we'll start with that. ♪ Ashley : in order for a relationship To be reciprocateded I feel like both people have to let go and both--both people have to fall. I think a lot of this is a leap of faith, and I don't know that he's ready to take it, but if he feels like he is, Then I am excited and very open to the possibility of that. ♪ (gurgling) ♪ I have water in my brain right now. (laughs) you took a hard one that last round. (laughs) I took a hard one for sure. He's still more closed off than anyone else here, but I-I'm so curious about him, and I know that I do feel for him. That's why he's still here. That's why I'm still trying to figure things out. This is fresh coconut. Mmm. How do you likik- oh, you eat the skin, too? Really? Yeah. Wow. Um... Has anything changed After the hometown date? Yeah, like, I-I totally miss you. Like, after the hometown dates, I was like, man, you know, spending the week here, I was like, that was so much fun. I want to keep going with that. Mm-hmm. It messes with your head, You know what I mean? And I think, like, If I was around you more, I might not be that way, You know? Well, can I say something That I learned about you on your hometown that... Say it. Directly relates to our relationship? All right. How many houses did you look at before you bought a house? (laughs) that's a-- 108. (laughs) (chuckles) It's a big investment, so you need to-- I wanted a--I wanted a man cave, and there was so much that I wanted with a house, and I couldn't find it, and I wanted that. Is that, uh-- But houses and women are not the same. Houses and women-- people are d-- People are people. Right, but it-- Right... Okay, a house is not-- A house is a financial investment. But... You think things through before you make a decision. You have to really... Yeah. You take time... Yeah. And you put in effort, and unfortunately I feel like here, Like, that's n n-- we do have time, but we don't have a lot of it... Yeah. Which makes it hard, Because I like you so much, and I did from the beginning, and, yeah, we moved slowly, but especially after the hometown date, I felt like was worth it. That waitingngnd whatever, It was all worth it to me for that moment. Wow. Thank you. You know what I mean? So it's like... Yeah, you're right. I don't know how things are gonna happen, and I hope that things just, like, Take off today and tonight, and... I don't know. Yeah. You know? Ashley : it's really hard to read constantine. Every time he looks at me, I'm trying to figure outut is he into this? Is he not? And not only that, He's very selective with the things that he says. ♪ I really like constantine a lot, but there's a part of me that worries That he just can't jump into a relationship headfirst. Do you wanna head out? All right. Let's do it. You ready? Absolutely. Yep. Okay. Let's go. Constantine probably needs a lot more time, and that's something that we just don't have. It just makes me really nervous. (laughs) oh. Well, this is beautiful. That's our dinner. Look at this. Doesn't that look great? Wow. Will you give me a second to just take it in? This is awesome. Ashley : with constantine, Our relationship got off to a really, really slow start, and then with t t one-on-one dates, We were able to kind of start moving forward, and the hometown date really pushed us forward a lot, but I feel like our relationship's Not progressing at the rate that it needs to be, So I'm hoping tonight we can... Figure it out. I just want to toast to... You know, I feel like with us, We keep saying that we need more time... Mm-hmm. So here's to tonight and hopefully having a lot of time together. Okay. (both) cheers. (clink) yeah. Sweet. Very grapefruity. Very grapefruity. Ben taught me that. Oh, did he? Yeah. Is that weird, That you and your friend are both dating the same girl? Um... I don't know. Uh, it-- I'd say it's weird, but it's--it's hard to explain. I think, um... I respect him. Okay. You know what I mean? I-if it was somebody that I didn't respect, It'd be a lot harder. If you fall in love with him, Uh, and he falls in love with you, I mean, Yeah, that's... You, like-- you wouldn't want to break that apart or... No, I mean, that-- that's the thing, like... Vivi versa? That's--that's-- well, and you can't. I mean, not that you even would wantnto. You can't. Like, how do you stop somebody from loving? It's either f-- It's either given to you or--or not, and it's, you know, and there's nothing you can do about it, so... That--that's a really good point, and I think that yououave to be Very strong-minded to think like that... Right. And not be kinda consumed by your emotion, So I guess my question is, Are you ever overly consumed by your emotion? Absolutely. Like, do you ever let Your emotion... Yeah. And, you know, I feel like you think everything just through. I think that's--that's honestly, like, a big thing That I've, like... Uh, I don't know. I guess this is, um... You know, it's like, I don't feel like you want To hold my hand or feel like you want to, like, I don't know, be around me all the time, and I don't know-- it's hard, 'cause I don't know what to-- I have nothing to feed off of, and I think time is what we need, and I'm hoping that tonight can, You know... We can figure it out. I don't know. I mean... Things come naturally to me... Mm-hmm. In relationships. Being, you know, being a loving person, Uh, doing thoughtful things for somebody, you know, Holding somebody's hand, hugging them, kissing them-- Those are things that I-- I do without thinking about them. Mm-hmm. Like, instinctively I do them, um, D I haven't... Been able to do that. I mean, there's been times where I've been slow. I'm not gonna lie... Yeah. Um, and that's because I was unsure, You know, and-- see, I wonder If you're slow now because it's me, Or if it would be-e-r if it's the whole process. Like, that's what I'm trying to figure out. I don't know how the process-- I don't know if--if it's the process or what. I just-- yeah. I just know that I haven't... I don't know. I haven't held back anything. Okay. I don't feel like I've held back at all, and--and the only thing-- but you're still unsure whether it's... That's what's c-- That's what's concerning me. It's like-- Yeah. Me, too. I would want, ideally, for me to be Madly, head over heels, 100% sure, Ready to meet your father and say, you know, "I want to ask For your daughter's hand in marriage..." Mm-hmm. And say that with 110% confidence, Mm-hmm. And I don't--I have too much respect for-- For you, for myself, uh, for my family, D r--and ultimately your family also To do anything but that, you know? Right. And that's what-- I'm sitting here right now, Like, thinking... I don't have that yet. And I don't-- I don't think, uh-- And I'm not saying-- And--and I know how you're feeling. And this fantasy suite-- I know what it means. I also know what-- what it implies, and I knew if I got to this point and I wasn't in love with you, I wouldn't accept the fantasy suite. (inhales deeply) And I think, like, that's-- I don't know. I-I just want to show you a level of respect. I'm not pretending. I'm not. I haven't pretended to begin with, and I don't want to start doing that now. I-I respect you too much as a person, uh, To make this any harder, Uh, than it needs to be. Where does it leave us now? Here we are in fiji, You know? I-I... I don't think it leaves, you know, If we're gonna be honest about it, I think that it probably-- Th means the end of the road for me. Well, The truth is, I'm glad that you're real about it. You know, some people would come here in this position and force themselves to feel a certain way If they don't feel it... Yeah. And I'm glad that you're honest. I guess this is good-bye. Bye. Ashley : after the hometown date with constantine, I thought that we were taking steps forward. I wanted to give it the time  To see if it could progress to anything,  And I am shocked that he didn't at least want To give it the time to see if there was anything there. (constantine) the last thing I wanted to do is--is To--to walk out on her. My biggest fear was--was hurting ashley or embarrassing her. That's why it kind of took me A little bit of time figure out That it wasn't going to the next level. I don't think that I can look back at one point and say oh, my god, I wasn't being completely open and--and--and willing to find love. I was. I'm absolutely ready to find it, Had it been there. Ashley : this is a two-way street, and guys could leave very late in the game, and at this point, with J.P. And ben, It doesn't necessarilylyean That they're gonna fall in love with me. Somebody could just not feel it and want to leave. What if I end up all alone and all of this was for nothing? Coming in here, I said that I was gonna love hard and I was gonna put it all out there at the risk of being hurt. I was hurt, and I might be hurt again, but I'm hoping that there is a reward at the end of it. (switch clicks) Coming up... Hi, ry. Ashley : there are so many things I love about Ryan. Hi. Saying good-bye to you was the hardest good-bye,  'cause it was premature. Especially now that constantine's left, I have so much clarity, and I know exactly what I have to do. Remember how I was telling you, like, This week was, like, so many surprises? Somebody came back. What? Ashley : waking up this morning, I'm feeling so many different emotions. Constantine left during our date last night, and even though I know that it was probably the right thing, It still kinda hurt That he didn't at least give our relationship a chance. If constantine was able to leave this late in the game, How do I know that somebody else might not leave? That scares me. Ryan is still here in fiji, Waiting patiently to find out Whetheor not I want to spend more time with him, and that means so much to me. There are so many things I love about Ryan. He's successful, he's gorgeous, He's the sweetest guy, He's just really nice to be around, and he makes me feel special. He has been on my mind a lot this week, and especially now that constantine's left, I have so much clarity and I know exactly what I have to do. (singsongy) hi, ry. How are you? Hi. (laughs) good to see you. Ryan : when ashley knocked on my door, It was, like, oh, my gosh. She's here! (laughs) Wanna go outside? Sure. Seeing her, it's, like, wow! What a feeling. (laughs) Hearts going out of my chest. Spent so much time out here in the last few days. Really? Yeah. I feel great that she's gonna give me that second chance. I'm hopeful. Today is the day. I feel it. Wow. Ashley has that natural energy that I'm just drawn to. I mean, we have so much more to explore together Ananfind out about each other, but there's just something to be said About just a natural attraction that's just there. I just feel that there's things unsaid and undiscovered between the two of us, and I'm hopeful that she's gonna come and--and feel ththe same way I o and--and want to spend more time together. Oh. So... Just been hanging out, Wondering what you were thinking. I just--I just don't know where your mind-set is. Like, you walking out of the limo-- If I were to write down on paper what I was looking for Or what t am looking for, You are exactly it. 'cause I was so certain About you as an individual, and then there were-- there were other people I needed to kinda sort out, right? So... That's what I kind of assumed. Right. And I'm like, hey, dates aren't coming. That's okay. I'll take it as a good thing... Right. Right. Because you just don't need the time, I guess. Right. You know, I was testing things out. I wanted to see what was between us, but I still felt really confident In--in you and who you were, and I knew t tt You were the type of guy I was looking for. And saying good-bye to you was the hardest good-bye I've had. I got really... I got really emotional whenou let me gogo. I mean, I-I-- it was, like, crazy. Really? Yeah. After, you know, we said good-bye, I was really distraught 'cause it was hard, 'cause it was premature. And to see you come to fiji, It was, like, it just reassured me That you are the guy that I knew you were, You know, like, you're willing to take the risk and put yourself out there,  And I think you're one of the best guys I've ever met ininy life... But... I did know that it was the right decision In that you were exactly, on paper, what I wanted, but I didn't feel, like, that passion, and, like, I know that that's what I need in a relationship. And the truth is, I found that, You know, actually, with two people. Yeah, well... (sighs deeply) So you're happy? I'm happy, very happy. You really, like... Yeah. You're really stoked? You're really, uh... Yeah, I mean, it's been crazy week, but I'm... Yeah. I mean, I can see it on you. It's wearing you out, but... But, well, honestly, one of the things that's hard is that, You know, the truth is, I'm eling this way for two guys. Oh, ash! I'm happy for you, though. Thank you. Thank you. And, um, I just-- For some reason, I just envisioned, like, There would be this amazing ending to our story That I'd... Yeah. Come back and you'd say, "yeah, I-I-I regret it," And... We'd have a chance here, you know? Ry. Jeez, you know? Yeah. Am I ever gonna find it, you know? Of course you will. I'm... Really happy for you. Thank you, Ryan. I'm so happy for you. Thank you. (voice breaking) it hurt the first time That ashley let me go and... It hurts again right now. It hurts to hear no" And to say that no, you're not--you're not it," You know, even though you put yourself out there, but she doesn't have the passion for me, and she clearly has it for someone else. So... Good for her. I hope she lives a long and happy life With whoever that lucky guy is, Because she's an amazing girl. Hang in there. Bye. Bye. My life's great, but it's missing one thing. It's missing real love. It's missing, uh... (inhales deeply) Someone to hold hands with through it all. At least now I know that My heart is open and accepting when the right person comes along. I'm gonna hold on to that, and I'm not going to hold back ever again. It'll happen. It'll happen. It'll happen. (chuckles) It'll happen. Ugh. This week has been such an emotional roller coaster. I know sending Ryan home was the right decision, but it was still hard to see him go for a second time, and it does make me a little bit nervous. With constantine leaving, You know, it reminds me that even this late, Somebody could want to leave. So going into my date with J.P., I'm taking a risk. I'm putting it all out there, and I'm hoping that it's worth it. J.P.! Mm! I missed you! Mm. I missed you, too. (speaks indistinctly) I'm not letting go of you. Don't. Mm. So? It's been a longng time. Has it? Well, since new york, I've been anxious. Really? Yeah. Dying to see you. I knew that it would go great with my family, and I wasn't worried about it at all, but that was a--just a big step in any relationship, and once you know that you can be a part of somebody's family, I think it opensns a door for, you know, The relationship to grow even further, and that's what I'm looking forward to, and what better place to do it than here in fiji? (seaplane engine roaring) Is that for us? Is that really for us? (laughs) Come on. (laughs) What do you think? That gonna be so much fun. I know. Where--where is it taking us? Or is that a surprise also? You have to wait. Yeah. You know I love surprises. I know. I know. I've had lot of surprises this week. Can't wait to tell you about 'em. Good surprises or bad surprises? You'll be surprised. (laughs) Oh, I don't know... (laughs) If I love surprises so much. Um... Great. More--more to think about. Hmm. Ashley : J.P. Has been my rock throughout all of this, and I feel like all the pressure and all the stress that I feel From being throughout this whole journey, With the ups and downs, really goes away when I'm with him. So today's the day I've been looking forward to. It's finally here, and I'm so excited to show J.P. Exactly where we're going. It's gonna b be romantic, fun, and adventuresome. Oh, my god. Oh, my god! Oh! (laughs) (J.P.) we've made a lot of memories Over the past few months, and this is probably going to be The high point of every date we've been on. Ashley : it's so beautiful, flying on the seaplane. I mean, you get to see through the turquoise water, Seeing the coral, and we're just sailing through the air. I mean, it was absolutely amazing, and having J.P. Right next to me, it just made it perfect. Fiji is just... Magical. I don't know any other way to--to say it. You know, you fly over the--the mountains and hang a left and headed out to sea, and I don't know where we're going, but it's absolutely breathtaking. (J.P.) there's nobody around. It's like our own private island. To be able to experience something like this With ashley... It's once in a lifetime. I feel so comfortable around J.P. That we are just sitting next to each other, holding hands, and just enjoying the view, without having to talk. (J.P.) nothing could make me happier Than the way things are going. And making these kind of memories with her... I mean, it's priceless. Oh, my god. This is our beach. Okay, I'm sorry. This is... Ridic-- this is a postcard. I mean, where are we? Smile! Smile. This is unbelievable. You still don't believe it as you're seeing it. There's nobody around, and it's like the world just ended and put the two of us on this island, and here we are. I've been waiting for you to get here. I know. I've been d-- like, dying. I'veeen counting down the days. Dying. I loved your family. Did you? They're so great. They loved you. Really? Good. Yeah. Yeah, we got--we got a little bit of time at the end. Oh, good. And they a--they a ared you. They adored you. That makes me really happy. Yeah, my Dad said you'd be a welcome addition. (gasps) whoa. That was really sweet. Yeah. They all had rave reviews. Good. I wasn't worried about it. Like, I k--I knew it. Mm-hmm. I knew it. And I feel pretty good about us, so... Me, too. Yeah, I'm ready for the end. Whoa. What else have you been thinking about? I don't know. You had so much time to think. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I did. Um... I don't really know if I wanna talk about it... Okay. Because it doesn't matter, you know? Like, I don't want to worry about that now. Okay. Fair enough. Let's just enjoy. It's--it doesn't--it doesn't-- it doesn't matter right now. And there's nothing that can be said on either part That's really gonna change anything When it comes to other guys and... Whwhat do you want to hear? Just that... Who... That there's-- I want this to be over, that it's me. That's it. But... Do you want--what-- I mean... You don't have to--don't-- I'm not expecting you to say anything. I'm--I'm not. Okay. Okay. (giggles) So do you wannnnlive in new york or fij (laughs) I say we split it 50/50. Although six months here-- You know, I could get used to it. That's a long time. Yeah. Oh, this is gorgeous. I don't ever wanna leave. Me neither. (J.P.) today's been one of the--the best days of my life. And I mean, It just keeps getting better and better, and, um, I know that ashley's still dating Other guys right now, but I'm gonna live in the moment, and I'm not gonna let anything else ruin this. (laughs) Ashley : I think I have a really good foundation With J.P. Right now, and I think we both feel the same. We both feel that kind of passion In that, like, you don't want to be away from each other, and you-- I don't know how to explain it. Like, you just want to be with each other. And I just feel like what we have is something very special, and I think that it could last a lifetime. (J.P.) when I look at ashley, and any other worry that I may have had fades away. It's just me and her. It's how things should be. And it just feels right. I think it's pretty safe to say that I am definitely falling in love with ashley, and the only way this day can be topped is if she were to say, "you're it. "you're the only one left, and you'u' the only one I wanna be with." (insects chirping) Wow. Isn't it gorgeous? Beautiful. In the middle of the jungle. Ashley and I are having dinner In one of the absolutely most romantic settings I've ever seen in my entire life. It's the middle of the jungle, What seems to be the middle of nowhere, and it's... It's... Incredible. To the perfect ending to a perfect day. Cheeee to that. (clink) There are a few things That we need to discuss a little bit further tonight. I don't know if I will tell her That I'm falling in love with her. I think I'm still a little afraid to do that, Knowing that there are other guys still in the picture. But I want her to know that my feelings for her are all there. I mean... I want to be with her. Did you have fun today? I had an unbelievable day. Really? Yeah. Good. Like, it doesn't matter what we're talking about. Like, you get me, and I get you... Mm-hmm. And, you know, like, I can just be myself, and it's just..... It's just so well-rounded. I think so, too. You know, that... Yeah. I'm not afraid of... Where we end up, if it's just me and you. Mm-hmm. I'm looking forward to that. Mm-hmm. But knowing that there are two other guys, and the idea that you potentialally Have feelings for them-- That is what I'm afraid of. Mm-hmm. Well, w--remember how I was telling you, like, This week was, like, s-so many surprises? Mm-hmm. Well, I said good-bye to two guys this week. What? W-wait. When? Yesterday. What are you talking about? You know, going into my overnight with constantine, I wasn't sure how my relationship with him compared. So we went through the date portion, and then at dinner, we just decided That there's no need to-- Therere's nothing there between us. So constantine is not here anymore. Mm-hmm. And then, um, Somebody came back. Don't tell me. What? Wait. Who? Ryan. What are you talking about? I'm confused. Okay. Please explain. Okay. I'll explain. So Ryan came back Because he felt like he didn't understand. And he wanted more time to see if--if I felt something Or if I regretted it after I sent him home, and I had to tell him That I didn't have any regrets about it and that I was really happy with... What was going on. So that's been my week. Wow. Mm-hmm. Um... Well, I'm kinda--kinda glad to hear it. Mm-hmm. Glad? Very glad. Did you think bentley came back? Yeah. (chuckles) I was like, nonoagain. (laughs) Mm-hmm. Good. Mm. But anyway... Huh. And then there were two. I st don't--I just don't-- and then there were two. But I just don't want you Just be hung up on my other relationship Because I don't want it to ruin us. I'm--I-I wouldn't say I'm hung up on it. Mm-hmm. And it hasn't ruined anything with us. I mean, things have been... They've been un-unbelievable. Mm-hmm. And things have been progressing and going the way that I-I want them to go. Mm-hmm. So what has to happen? Like, you-- I don't know. That's a good question. I don't know. Mm-hmm. I'm not just waiting for one thing, Like... I'm waiting for just everything to be right. Mm-hmm. Make sense? Yeah. And I understand that, but can I-- I want to say another thing is that, I remember that feeling, Feeling like you only-- you want to be the only one, and how you kind of hold back because of it. And you can't get to where you need to be at the end If you hold back. I understand That there's gonna be a leap of faith at some point. Mm-hmm. I just need a little bit more before I take it. Mm-hmm. No, I understand that. I understand that. Um, and another thing... Mm. I don't want youo feel like Guys try to, you know, beat each other, and I don't want it to be about that. It's not a comomtition. I-I'm... Promise? Promise. Yeah. I-I mean, I-I want to be the last guy standing, Not because I wanna beat him. Mm-hmm. I want you. Mm. (J.P.) I want ashley to be my wife, but it's completely contingent upon how she feels about me. I need to know that she's in this, That she feels what I feel, Because I'm definitely afraid of getting hurt... Again. But I think I'm on my way to--to overcoming that fear. It's especially now that we're down to two. All right, so I have something for you... Okay. And I want you to look at it, read it, and tell me what you think. Okay. Okay? Yeah. Ashley and J.P., "welcome to the beautiful islands of fiji. I hope you're enjoying your stay. Should you choose to forego your individual rooms, please use this key to stay as a couple in the fantasy suite. Chris harrison." Uh, yeah, I think I'm into that. (chuckles) (laughs) you're into that? Yeah. What do you think? Let's go! I need another. This is what the past few months Has kind of led up to. I mean, tonight... It's the firir time that we will have the opportunity To be together, just us, Nobody else around. It's the--the time that we've been looking forward To spending together for r long. This is... Are you excited? Incredible. The fantasy suite is A villa in the middle of the jungle With an unbelievable view, Beautiful bedroom. I mean, this--this place is perfect. It's like our home. Mm. There's something about J.P. That kinda fulfills everything I've ever been looking for. And when I look k him, I feel like I coululd smile forever. All right, I'll be right back. I'm gonna a change. (J.P.) I'm still not gonna ll her exactly how I feel. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 