Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 06x09 - Week 9 (Season 6) - The Bachelorette 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 06x09 - Week 9 (Season 6) https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=292&t=18286 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 07/22/10 21:22 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 06x09 - Week 9 (Season 6) 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Tonight on The Bachelorette... 
 I'm about to take the journey of a lifetime. 
 Tahiti is the perfect place to fall in love. 
 Roberto : it's so beautiful. 
 I mean, and sharing this with Ali, It's, uh, it's... it's something I can't even describe. 
 This is so cool! 
 I've never felt this way about anybody. 
 I'm falling in love with you. 
 Ali : I just feel so blessed and lucky to be here. 
 Aah! 
 Chris L. : I love being with her, and I don't want to stop. 
 Every time I've hung out with you, I just want to... 
 Getting better and better. 
 I really see myself with you forever. You know that, right? 
 Really? 
 Yeah. 
 Chris L. : I am in love with Ali. 
 Frank : today I'm supposed to be on my way to Tahiti, but I'm in Chicago. 
 I came here to fall in love with Ali, and I did, but there's something holding me back. 
 I've dream of ming to Tahiti, and I should be happy, but my stomach is at my feet, my heart is in my throat. 
 Right now the uncertainty of everything is what's killing me. 
 Chris : I am starting to fall in love with Ali. 
 And Ali definitely has a lot of the qualities plus some Of what I'm looking for in a wife. 
 It's been a couple years Since I've felt this strongly about a girl. 
 You know, when my mom passed away, like, before that, I was definitely helping take care of her. 
 And then after she passed away, I wasn't ready To do anything serious because it really affected me and affected my Dad, affected my brothers. 
 And we were raedy that if someone'ak in the family, You drop everything and go help them. 
 And I wasn't ready for anything. 
 And now, you know, a year and a half later, I'm ready for love. 
 I can't believe how, in such a short time, How connected I've gotten to Ali, and right now the way I see it going with Ali and I, You know, this could be it. 
 Hello, Ali. 
 Hi. 
 How you doing? 
 Good. How are you? 
 It's so weird to think about The fact that it just seems like yesterday I was one the 25 guys in a house, Just trying to meet her for the first time. 
 You look wicked awesome tonight. Wicked awesome. 
 Aw, thank you. (Boston accent) you're wicked hot. 
 Wicked hot guy. 
 Fast-forward four countries later, Now I feel like Ali is not Ali anymore. 
 She's Ali, my girlfriend. 
 Now I feel like I know you enough That I wanna give something to you. 
 Oh, my gosh. That's so cool. 
 Thank you. That's so sweet. 
 How'd you like that? 
 Falling in love with Ali feels right. 
 It feels natural. 
 She makes me happy. 
 I'm just being myself and hoping that you like who I am, and... 
 I like you a lot. 
 Yeah? 
 Usually in a relationship, It takes me a little while to open up and to put myself out there, Probably a lot slower than most guys. 
 You know, I'd love to open up more and tell Ali everything I'm feeling about her, but it's really hard, and, like, I've put myself out there a lot, and you can see the end, but you also know that There's a chance that you're not gonna get to that end, and that makes it scary. 
 That makes it hard. 
 That makes it very stressful. 
 I don't want to get hurt, So I definitely pull back a little bit. 
 And I'm gonna have to put my cards on the table, so to speak, and let her know how I feel about her and wait and see what happens, and it'll be hard doing that, With one of the other two guys, and it'll be hard. 
 Roberto : this is it. 
 We're down to the last three, and, um, I can't wait to get to that point Where it's only me left. 
 After Ali met the family, that was a good step. 
 I see her fitting in perfectly, 'cause family's really important, and I feel like having their blessing, This is really gonna give the relationship A good push in the right direction. 
 I would be so lucky to have Ali as my wife. 
 I wanna know all about you. 
 I wanna know all about you, but I'll tell you about me. 
 (laughs) okay. 
 I'm an open book. 
 Ali's unlike any woman I've ever met. 
 We really haven't been able to keep our hands off each other. 
 Do you know how cute you are? 
 Like, do you know how cute you can be? (laughs) 
 To have a chemistry that quick and for it to be that strong so fast, it's unbelievable. 
 Roberto. 
 Yeah. 
 You are smoking hot. 
 Look at this picture. 
 (both laugh) 
 I feel like every time I see Ali, It cements more what we have, and I feel like it just keeps building and building, and we're working towards something really good. 
 (laughs) 
 I have to look tough around you. 
 I could say that I've never felt this way this quickly about anybody, and it's awesome. 
 It's a really, really cool feeling. 
 It's a little bit scary. 
 There's that uncertainty looming over all of this and all these moments that we have, There's still that little bit of, you know, Chance that I might not be the last guy. 
 I have to be confident in what I bring to the table, and I realize the only fair way to do this thing is to open up completely and let yourself potentially get hurt. 
 You've got a bunch of guys going after one girl, and she's dating the other guys. 
 You know, I'm just trying not to let it get to me too much, but it's still... in the back of your mind, Sometimes it just pops up... 
 There's still two other guys out there. 
 Frank : being one of four guys was big, but going down to three, One of us is gonna be with Ali. 
 From the very first day, I thought that guy was gonna be me. 
 Paris is amazing. 
 Yeah. 
 I've never been. 
 You haven't? 
 No. 
 Well, we'll have to go. 
 You're a funny guy. 
 I like that. (laughs) mm. You're gorgeous. 
 It's so... oh, thank you. 
 Oh, my God. 
 Frank : Ali and I have a connection That very few people have. 
 Aah! (laughs) 
 It's fun. It's romantic. 
 It's sexy. 
 I mean, it's everything I would want in a relationship. 
 And I could see us getting married one day. 
 You are an amazingly beautiful person inside and out, and I've never felt so close to somebody so quickly. 
 I came here to fall in love with Ali, and I did, but there's something holding me back. 
 As my feelings for Ali have grown, These feel inside me have been brewing For my ex-girlfriend Nicole, An erlnd that Ali doesn't know about. 
 She was the last girl I dated Before I came here. 
 And as I've fallen in love with Ali, I'm beginning to realize I might still be in love with Nicole, and I don't know what to do. 
 I have been an emotional wreck. 
 You know, I can't sleep. 
 I can't get my mind off of this. 
 It's killing me That I have feelings for two girls. 
 I'm supposed to go to Tahiti and have an incredibly romantic vacation With Ali, but I'm not ready to do that. 
 Before I take one step further with Ali, I need to go to Chicago To see Nicole and find out if I'm still in love with her. 
 I'm out of time. 
 I need to do this now. 
 I need to make a decision, and this decision Could potentially change my life forever. 
 Frank : today I'm supposed to be on my way to Tahiti, One of the most beautiful places in the world, but I'm not going to Tahiti. 
 I'm in Chicago. 
 Today is the day that I need to find my ex-girlfriend Nicole. 
 Because I'm falling in love with Ali, but I'm worried I might still be in love with Nicole. 
 If I move forward with her, We'll be engaged soon. 
 And in order to do that and feel good about it and so that Ali can feel good about it, Am I still in love with Nicole, Or am ready to give myself to Ali? 
 This is a pivotal moment in my life, and it's gonna change everything. 
 Right now the uncertainty of everything is what's killing me. 
 I think I know how Ali feels, but I'm not sure. 
 I have a hunch that Nicole will still care about me, but I definitely can't be sure about that. 
 My stomach is at my feet. 
 My heart is in my throat. 
 You know, maybe I shouldn't even be here. 
 I-I mean, my stomach is just... Twisting. 
 Hi. 
 What is going on? 
 Seeing Nicole again, you know, It's kind of a flood of emotions, I'm happy to see her again, but I'm scared about What's about to happen. 
 Can I talk to you? 
 Yeah. 
 This is the scariest moment I've ever had in my life, and I feel like everything I've ever done, All the relationships I've ever had and, you know, a lifetime of love, Is coming to a point right here at this moment, and I need to make a decision. 
 The decision is so difficult Because I know somebody's going to get hurt. 
 I... 
 I was nervous coming here, and I've been a wreck. 
 You know, I spent the past... 
 Long while... 
 Fighting other guys for Ali. 
 She doesn't know I'm here. 
 She doesn't know anything. 
 She doesn't know about you and I. 
 (sighs) so, I mean, The simplest way to put it is... 
 Ali and I... 
 Had an amazing thing right from the start. 
 And... 
 My feelings for Ali are very real. 
 She is a great girl, and her and I have... 
 A good connection. 
 And I think, you know, her and I... 
 Had an awesome relationship. 
 Ever since you left, Literally, you consumed, my, like, entire mind, Every day. 
 You just lived a completely different life without me. 
 It's really hard. 
 It's sickening to think that, like, Potentially, you could be getting closer and deeper With somebody else other than myself. 
 It's... it's heartbreaking. 
 I'm, like, shaking. 
 Through the process of falling for her and... 
 Having an amazing time With an amazing girl and traveling the world, You know, I had these feelings that were brewing inside of me. 
 I had these feelings for you. 
 I was trying to make sense of 'em, and, you know, what does this mean? I'm thinking about Nicole. 
 When I lay down and go to bed at night, I'm thinking about Nicole. 
 Why aren't I thinking about Ali? 
 I just had a great date with her, and we have an awesome connection. 
 Why am I thinking about you? 
 And I gave it time. 
 I wanted to see how my feelings might change. 
 Because if over time, I started forgetting about you, Then that says something. 
 And I wanted to see you To see if we still had that... 
 Spark there... I... that we had before. 
 Without you, I'm just not happy. 
 I don't feel complete. 
 It's sick. 
 I never would've thought Somebody would actually complete somebody. 
 You need to come home. 
 ♪ 
 (Franki think today is exactly what I needed To realize that... 
 I'm in love with Nicole, and Nicole is the girl I want to be with For the rest of my life. 
 I miss your kisses. 
 (laughs) 
 I love you. 
 (whispers) God. 
 Ohh. (sniffles) 
 (sniffles) you can't leave me again. 
 I won't. 
 Ever. 
 ♪ 
 Frank : I feel like everything I've ever done In all of my relationships In... in trusting my instincts and following my heart Has led to this moment, and it's paid off, and I'm in love with this girl, and she's in love with me, and I think I'm gonna live with her happily ever after, and that's what I've always wanted. 
 I'm, uh... 
 I have to go find Ali. 
 I have to tell her... 
 What I've decided today. 
 And that's gonna take a lot of courage and strength, and it's like, I need you... 
 To support me, Because, you know, I'm scared. 
 Now that I've seen Nicole, I have to go to Tahiti and tell Ali That I'm in love with someone else, and then I have to leave. 
 This is bittersweet, Because I'm so happy To have found love with Nicole, but at the cost Of hurting somebody that I care about. 
 (laughs) I can't even begin To imagine how that conversation's gonna go... 
 (sighs) 
 And it scares me. 
 ♪ 
 Ali : coming in to Tahiti... it's magical here. 
 It's absolutely gorgeous. 
 I've always wanted to come to Tahiti. 
 It's been a dream of mine and somewhere I didn't know That I'd ever really get the chance to come. 
 Tahiti is the perfect place to fall in love. 
 (singsongy) hello. 
 Ali : I'm just happy to be here and excited for what's ahead. 
 Thank you. (laughs) 
 Ali : this week I'm gonna be having My three dates on the island of Taha'a With Roberto, Chris and Frank. 
 ♪ 
 Ali : I've had my fair share of travel with these guys, but coming here to Tahiti is different. 
 I have this whole island basically to myself To share with these guys, and the overnights are this week, and it's an opportunity for me To take my relationship with the guys to the next level. 
 I'm realizing... 
 (chuckles) more than ever, I have three amazing guys Who have such great qualities That I believe, with everything inside of me, That one of these three guys is gonna be my husband. 
 Today I'm going on a date with Roberto, and I'm so excited to see Roberto today. 
 I've missed him, and it's so beautiful here. 
 I can only imagine That Roberto's even gonna look hotter in Tahiti. 
 (laughs) 
 ♪ 
 Roberto : I feel like this is the mecca Of tropical destinations, and now that I'm here with Ali, it's... it's gonna be amazing. 
 And we're in this beautiful place, In not too long, you know, I could be proposing to her, and, uh, any guy who has the privilege Of getting down on one knee and proposing to her... 
 It's... it's a complete honor. 
 I would love to be that guy, and I would love for her to be the one who says yes. 
 I'm excited. 
 (knocks on door) 
 (knock) 
 (laughs) (laughs) hi. 
 Hello. Mm. 
 How are you? 
 Good to see you. 
 (laughs) 
 Not a bad little spot. 
 I know! 
 Isn't it gorgeous here? 
 (laughs) this is crazy. 
 Close this. 
 This is your digs, huh? 
 Oh, this is... this is my... this is mi casa. 
 Well, this opens up like this? 
 (chuckles) this opens up. 
 This whole thing. 
 This is amazing. 
 I missed you. 
 I just feel like, Other than the rose ceremony, I haven't seen you in forever. 
 I know. 
 It's really good to see you. 
 You, too. I'm so happy. 
 (laughs) 
 ♪ 
 So what are we doing? 
 I don't know. 
 You wanna go see? 
 Yeah. 
 Okay. Let's go. 
 Vamos. 
 ♪ 
 Okay. This is interesting. 
 What's going on? 
 (laughs) 
 We are gonna do a little tour. 
 Oh! (laughs) 
 (laughs) 
 I like it. I like it. 
 I'm liking this helicopter thing. 
 (laughs) 
 (laughs) 
 I figured, we started off with a helicopter... 
 Wow. 
 We might as well cap it off here. 
 Oh, you're awesome. 
 Roberto : I've been waiting for this date, and, uh... (chuckles) it was well worth than wait. 
 Right in front of us is this helicopter, and I feel like this is what life is about, To enjoy moments like this with someone, and now that I'm here with Ali, it's... it's gonna be amazing. 
 I know it is. 
 ♪ 
 Roberto : and the first thing you see when you take off is this clear teal water and the coral reef and... (chuckles) it's so beautiful. 
 It's amazing. I mean, and sharing this with Ali, It's, uh, it's... it's something I can't even describe. 
 That is some view. 
 Yeah. 
 Roberto : you know, going on this date today with Ali and, uh, just kind of reflecting on this whole journey, I feel like things are going in the right direction. 
 I feel like proposing is right around the corner, and I feel good about that. 
 ♪ 
 Ali : being in this helicopter with Roberto makes me think About our first date together, and, you know, we've come so far in this journey, and I thought Roberto was so amazing The moment I met him, and he has only reaffirmed that feeling Every single time I'm with him, and I-I really feel like I would be one of the luckiest women In this world If Roberto was my husband. 
 I think he would treat me so well. 
 (Roberto, filtered voice) so we're going to another island? 
 (filtered voice) yeah. 
 (laughs) 
 Roberto : as we're flying by, we come up On this, uh, reef of some sort with a lagoon in the middle, and it's in the shape of a heart. 
 I didn't know places like this even exist. 
 It's definitely a sign for me and Ali. 
 This is so cool. 
 ♪ 
 (chuckles) all right. Thank you. 
 Roberto : I got it. 
 You ready? 
 Yeah. Oh, my gosh. 
 (laughs) 
 Wow. Our own little island. 
 (laughs) heart-shaped island. 
 Heart-shaped island. 
 ♪ 
 Ali : this is like... 
 No one lives here. 
 No one comes here. 
 No. This is so awesome. 
 This is, uh, uninhabited. 
 Oh, my goodness. 
 (laughs) 
 Roberto : wow. 
 (whispers) man. 
 (whispers) this is ridiculous. 
 Ali : Roberto and I are having a great time today, and, you know, Our physical chemistry is intense, and being in this heart-shaped lagoon With Roberto is... 
 It's romantic, and it's sexy. 
 I hope this is just the beginning of the adventures Roberto and I can share together in the future. 
 Oh! 
 (grunts) 
 (laughs) (grunts) 
 (laughs) 
 (laughs) 
 Run! 
 Whoo! 
 Roberto : I'm in a beautiful place, A beautiful island... 
 (laughs) 
 A romantic setting like this heart-shaped lagoon... 
 How can you not enjoy it with someone You're falling in love with? 
 And I'm thinking to myself just how unbelievably lucky I am To be right here, right now, Holding this beautiful, beautiful woman in my arms Who is just perfect in every way, and I just... 
 I-I feel like the luckiest guy in the world. 
 ♪ 
 Roberto : I don't think I'm gonna leave this place. 
 Ali : you wanna stay? 
 Do you want to stay here with me? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Ali : there's something so incredible About having someone make you feel Taken care of and protected, and Roberto makes me feel that way. 
 This is so cool! 
 (laughs) 
 (laughs) he's genuine and real and caring, and he has a huge heart. 
 He just radiates love and life, and I think If I ended up with Roberto, I would live a wonderful life, and it would never be short of romance. 
 ♪ 
 Coming up... 
 Do you feel like you see us together? 
 Hmm. Well... 
 I'm not used to being this open guy with my heart Or with my emotions. 
 There's been something that's been on my mind. 
 I don't know. This is crazy for me to, like, open up like this and just, like, put it out there. 
 Frank : I've dreamed of coming to Tahiti for years, and I should be happy. 
 Ali : Frank and I have an amazing connection. 
 I really miss Frank. 
 I need this day, and I'm so glad it's here. 
 Ali, we need to talk. 
 Hi. (laughs) 
 You look beautiful. 
 Hey. 
 Mm. 
 (kisses) 
 I missed you. 
 Mm. 
 (kisses) I missed you. 
 You look handsome. 
 And you look gorgeous as usual. 
 (laughs) 
 What a night, huh? 
 Yeah. 
 Roberto : it seems like every time I see Ali, The feelings get that much stronger and stronger and stronger, and, uh, I just feel so lucky. 
 Today was just kinda like an exclamation point On what this whole journey and... and this adventure has been. 
 Over here is our dinner. 
 Oh, wow. 
 I've never had feelings develop this fast, and I'm not used to being this open guy With... with my heart, With my emotions and everything, and that's been the struggle for me. 
 Why, thank you. 
 Of course. 
 It's a little bit scary, Because I know there's still other guys out there, and, um, I want to feel like my feelings are reciprocated back, and that makes things difficult. 
 I want to let her know how I feel, and, uh, I think it will be tonight, and, uh... (chuckles) 
 I don't know, man. 
 I'm not good at this stuff. 
 So what's it been so far? 
 Today? 
 Was today your favorite out of everything that's gone on? 
 Yeah? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Today was ridiculous. 
 It was this freakin' heart. 
 An island-shaped heart. 
 Heart... 
 You know, what was cool is when I was like, "oh, you know, what would be awesome is to swim down there," And you're like, "where'd you say you wanted to swim?" 
 (laughs) 
 And you're like, "we're swimming down there," And I was like, "oh, this is so... this is too cool." 
 That was awesome. Good call. 
 'cause, uh, this was like such a romantic, beautiful day, and it would not have been nearly as good If I wasn't with you. 
 And that makes me happy. 
 I feel the same way. 
 I feel so lucky. 
 Every time I see you, every moment I spend with you, It's awesome. 
 I just know it's gonna get better and better. 
 You make me really happy. 
 (chuckles) 
 (whispers) I love that smile. 
 Do you feel like you see us together? 
 (normal voice) see us together in the future? 
 Of course I do. 
 Yeah, I have to feel that way, or else I couldn't be here. 
 You know? 
 Because, like, sometimes I... 
 Well, I get nervous, too. 
 Hmm. 
 Well... 
 There's been something that's been on my mind. 
 It's good. It's good. It's good. 
 It's good. It's good. 
 Oh. 
 No, don't worry. 
 Don't worry. 
 But, like, I spent the last week, Like, missing you and everything else and... 
 ♪ 
 I've not tried to open up. 
 Like, I feel like I've been closed off. 
 Like, I-I tend to, like... 
 (makes whooshing sound) 
 I don't know. 
 This is crazy for me to, like, open up like this and just, like, put it out there, but, like, I feel like Everything we've been through and... 
 I feel like it's important that I tell you, 'cause I don't know, like, when might be the last time That I'll see you, or when... or, you know, You don't... you just don't know how things go sometimes. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 So I-I just thought It was important that you know that I, you know, I'm falling in love with you, and I just wanted you to know that. 
 ♪ 
 So I have something. 
 (laughs) you have something? 
 This. 
 What is that? 
 It's from Chris Harrison, for us. 
 You wanna read it? 
 Yeah. Wow. Okay. D? 
 (laughs) 
 You wanna read it together? 
 (laughs) 
 Oh, wow. Okay. 
 There's a room key. 
 That's always a good sign. 
 (laughs) 
 Ali and Roberto, welcome to one of the most beautiful Tahitian islands, "Taha'a. I hope you are enjoying your stay. 
 "should you choose to forgo your individual rooms, "please use this key to stay as a couple In the fantasy suite. 
 Chris." 
 (laughs) 
 Wow. 
 What do you think? 
 (laughs) 
 I think, um, it'd be a shame to put... 
 (laughs) 
 A perfectly good couples' fantasy suite... 
 (laughs) 
 What do you think? 
 I think I want to spend As much time with you as possible, and I would not give that up For anything. 
 I like the sound of that. 
 Roberto : I didn't want the date to end, and that pleasant little surprise That the night gets to continue... 
 You know, I'm thinking to myself how perfect the setting is To just get a chance to relax, Spend time together away from everything and, um, you know, just enjoy the night. 
 ♪ 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Sweet. 
 Nice. Oh, my gosh. 
 ♪ 
 (Ali laughs) 
 Roberto : do you know how cute you are? Like, really. 
 This is amazing. 
 (whispers) careful. 
 (singsongy) here's our room. 
 Oh, yeah. This is nice. 
 (sighs)) mm. 
 (kissing) 
 Ali : this day with Roberto has been so much better Than I could've ever imagined or dreamed of. 
 To finally hear Berto tell me That he's falling in love with me... 
 You know, I needed to hear that. 
 I needed to feel how emotionally attached Roberto is. 
 (whispers) wow. 
 You're soaking wet. 
 (chuckles) 
 And he made very clear tonight That he is in this for the long haul and he cares about me, and, you know, It makes me feel so good. 
 I am so grateful that we get to spend This special alone time together tonight, and with each passing moment, I just keep thinking, this could be it, and, you know, It could be the beginning of the rest of our lives together. 
 ♪ 
 Coming up... 
 Aah! 
 Ali : the love where it's romantic, and you're passionate, but you're still laughing and having a good time... 
 That is the sort of love I'm looking for. 
 Chris L. : I probably came into this More guarded than most guys, and tonight it's important For me to tell Ali how I feel, and... and it's obviously scary To open up to someone, 'cause there's always the chance Of getting hurt, and I don't want to get my heart broken. 
 Ali, we need to talk. 
 (Ali, voice breaking) even a place this beautiful Can't be beautiful when I feel this bad. (crying) 
 He knew how I was feeling. 
 He knew how attached I was to him. 
 I can't help but think, like, there's something wrong with me. 
 I don't know what to do. 
 (sighs) 
 Ali : I've had a good week so far. 
 I had a great date with Roberto, but today's all about Chris. 
 I have a really fun date planned... 
 (Ali laughs) 
 And I'm so excited to take h. 
 Oh, I missed you. 
 I missed you, too. 
 (laughs) 
 You're so far away. Are we on the longest dock ever? 
 (laughs) hi. 
 Ohh. How are you? 
 Good. 
 It's so good to see you. 
 (kisses) you, too. 
 I missed you. 
 Ohh. Me, too. 
 Are you excited for our date? (laughs) yes. What are doing? 
 We are going to be taking that boat out and exploring the water, and, uh, it's the biggest, most, like, luxurious catamaran In Tahiti. 
 (laughs) you ready? 
 (Chuckles) yeah. 
 Ali : my relationship with Chris has been slower, but things really turned around for me At his family's house. 
 Let's explore. 
 It was the most emotional I've ever felt towards him, So I feel closer to him now than I ever have, and I'm so excited To get out on the open water in Tahiti and just see The potential for our relationship here. 
 ♪ 
 Chris : look how beautiful that looks. 
 Ali : this island is called Taha'a. 
 That's Bora-Bora... 
 Yeah? 
 Over there. 
 I want one of those little islands With palm trees. 
 Like, how is this on the same planet As Massachusetts? 
 Yeah. Well, that's pretty good, right? 
 Yeah. So good. 
 Hmm? 
 Than for inviting me out here. 
 You're welcome. 
 It was good seeing you around your family. 
 I feel like you were so calm and, like, at ease there, and it was... it was so good to see that. 
 Yeah, it... 
 I told you, when I'm in my house, it's like, I don't worry about anything. 
 Yeah. 
 And it was, like, good just to see you around my family and how, like, easy it was. 
 It was just... 
 And, like, everyone, just, like... 
 Your sister-in-laws and brothers... 
 Like, there's just such this, Like, camaraderie among everyone and... 
 Yeah. 
 Your Dad is just amazing. 
 He's, like, an unbelievable man, and I-I felt like I was, like, okay. 
 I feel like the bracelet helped me. 
 Like, it gave me, like, a special, like, you know... that's one of the first things Meagan aed. 
 She was all, "all right, so when did he give you the bracelet?" 
 And I was like, "yep." 
 Because she knew, like, if I gave it to you, Then that's probably a good sign. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Well, the fact that I was back there with you Was probably a really good sign. (laughs) 
 (laughs) I love it. 
 I feel like I'm, like, in such a good place Just being here, you know. 
 Yeah. 
 (chuckles) 
 It's not bad. 
 I could get used to it here. 
 (laughs) we can just stay here. 
 (laughs) 
 (clink) in. 
 Chris : I haven't dated much the past year or two. 
 Since my mom's passed away, like, I've been at home, Trying to deal with what's going on at home, and I probably came into this more guarded than most guys, and it's taken me a lot longer to open up to her, and I still haven't fully done it yet, but I'm... 
 I'm doing it slowly and steady, and she does see that, and now here I am in Tahiti, and with the strong possibility That I could end up proposing to Ali and come out of this with a wife. 
 That's exciting... very, very exciting. 
 (laughs) 
 I love when you giggle. 
 It's so cute. (laughs) 
 (giggles) 
 ♪ 
 Ali : because Chris and I took a little bit longer To sort of have that romantic spark Between the two of us, I feel like we're making up for lost time, and the romance in our relationship is higher now Than it ever has been before, and that makes me excited of what's to come. 
 So... This is our island, but our boat can't make it over there, So we have to swim over. 
 (laughs) 
 (laughs) sous like a plan to me. 
 Wanna go? 
 Yeah. 
 Okay. 
 Chris L. : I just love spending the time with her, and I definitely have strong feelings for Ali. 
 Um, she just blows me out of the water... 
 Like, how great she is, how fun she is, How spontaneous she is. 
 (chuckles) come on. 
 We're jumpin'. 
 Oh, my gosh. I'm scared. 
 On the count of three, we're just gonna jump. 
 Oh, my God. Okay. 
 Ready? 
 One... Two... Three. 
 (laughs) aah! 
 (laughs) 
 That was awesome. 
 (laughs) 
 Chris : whenever the two of us are together, I just... 
 I feel, like, 12. 
 We joke. We laugh. 
 We just enjoy our time, and we're just, like, in the moment. 
 ♪ 
 Ali : that, to me, is the sort of love I'm looking for. 
 The love where it's romantic, and you're passionate and want to be together, but you're still laughing and having a good time and being buddies. 
 It was perfect. 
 Being here in Tahiti, now I realize Our relationship has grown a lot. 
 ♪ 
 Chris : when I'm with Ali, It's easy to forget about everything. 
 She has that personality Where you're just kinda, like, drawn in and nothing else matters. 
 All I see is her. 
 It's definitely an exciting feeling, To be falling in love, Because she's just an incredible person, An incredible girl, and someone I could definitely spend The rest of my life with. 
 Let's try to get some oysters. 
 Yeah. I think we should. 
 You want to? 
 Yeah. 
 All right. 
 Is that one? 
 Do you want to eat me? 
 Oh. Aah! (laughs) 
 (laughs) I don't know what the hell that is. 
 Is that one? 
 Oh! 
 Don't. 
 I don't know what that is. 
 Oh, it is? Oh. 
 Like, I don't know What it looks like when there's a pearl inside. 
 (gasps) 
 (gasps) what? 
 Holy (bleep)! 
 What?! (laughs) no way! 
 Oh, my God. Open yours up. 
 Oh, my gosh. 
 That is unreal. 
 (laughs) 
 I want to see if one's in this one. 
 (both laugh) 
 Is there a pearl? 
 I don't think so. 
 Wait. Is that another one? 
 ♪ 
♪ 
 (gasps) aah! 
 (laughs) 
 This is, like, a black pearl. 
 That's awesome. 
 Oh, my God. 
 This is so amazing. 
 Ali : you know, being here with Chris looking for pearls Sort of reminds me of our relationship. 
 It was slow to develop, and, uh, if you just wait and give it some time, You know, you could end up With something really beautiful. 
 After today, I feel so much closer to Chris, and I'm just really looking forward To spending more time with him tonight. 
 ♪ 
 Know somebody Who would make a great bachelor or bachelorette? 
 Go to bachelor. ABC.Com and click apply." Hello? Come out of the darkness. You can't see me. (laughs) I'm sneaky. I thought you were getting lost. I thought I was, too. Hi. (laughs) how are you? Good. Ali : my relationship with Chris got a lot stronger today, and I'm looking forward to seeing what tonight brings. So our dinner is over there. Chris : another island? Yeah. This is awesome. Tonight I'm having dinner with Chris On our own private, secluded island, and... and I'm so excited. I mean, it's so romantic. There isn't even a pathway to get there. Oh, my God. Yeah, this is amazing. Isn't it gorgeous? Chris : we look out at this small island With tiki torches all around it, A bonfire and, like, a little picnic set up. It's just the two of us, and, man, that feels good. So this over here... is there food under that thing? Yes. It's like a clambake. Yeah, they, like, wrap the food in banana leaves... Oh, really? And cook it underground. Oh, my God. That's awesome. I can't believe, in such a short time, How connected I've gotten to Ali, and it's great to feel that again. It's great to feel that with an amazing girl, 'cause she really is amazing. Cheers to a good day and good night. (clink) cheers to a great day. It's definitely been a while Since I've been able to put myself out there, So it's... it's obviously scary to open up to someone, 'cause there's always the chance of getting hurt, but I learned a lot about... On the past few years of my life, U know, moving home to help out with my mom, and watching, you know, my Dad and mom together For the last part of my mom's life, and it just makes you realize that you can't go through life Without telling the people you care about the most How you feel about them. If you could change one thing about this whole experience, What would it be? More time to have you home with my family. Like, family, like... they're so important. Mm-hmm. And this made me realize that even more. But I think whenever you go into a relationship... Yeah. There's always, like, fears, like... Well, is she gonna, like, like me for who I am? Or is she gonna, like, like my family? Mm-hmm. Is she gonna, you know, like this, like that? But then at the same time, like, what I realized Over the past couple years since I moved home is that, You know, when you put yourself out there, it's a good thing, and it can... makes you happy, an.. I don't know. That's life right there. That makes you happy, so... You're so cute. (whispers) so did I. (normal voice) I had more than fun. It was amazing. 
 
 ♪ I can really see myself with you forever. You know that, right? Really? Yeah. Really. Really. Really. Ali : you know, sometimes he's a little goofy and silly, Which I love, but he is such a romantic, and I'm so happy that Chris opened up to me and told me he could see us together, and it felt ally good to hear him say that, and I want to explore that further. This is from Chris Harrison. (laughs) He's not here. Is he gonna jump up in, like, scuba gear and scare me? No, but it's for the both of us. (bleep) he wrote a book. (laughs) "Ali and Chris, Welcome to one of Tahiti's most romantic islands..." "Taha'a." I'm reading this. (laughs) Taha'a. I hope you are enjoying your stay. "should you choose to forgo your individual rooms, "please use this key to stay as a couple In the fantasy suite." There's a fantasy suite? (laughs) what do you think? I think we're going to... Fantasy suite 54. (laughs) Do you want to? Yeah. (laughs) Good. Well, then... I think we should go. Yeah. Let's go. (laughs) ♪ fantasy suite ♪ (laughs) Chris : that was, like, the best date You could ever go on, and now I get to spend the whole night with her, Just the two of us, alone. That's awesome. Yes, I love this girl, 100%, and I don't know how to verbalize it. I just know that I hate being away from her, I love being with her,  And I don't want it to stop. (laughs) oh, it's huge! Chris : oh, my God. (laughs) (laughs) Oh, my God. This place is gigantic. I-I don't even know how you're gonna top this on our honeymoon. (laughs) Like you have your work cut out for you. I think with love, You just never know when... when you're finding it, Until you've found it, and my mom is definitely looking down smiling right now, Excited that, you know, I've found my soul mate, My... my perfect girl. I don't care where we spend the rest of our lives together. You know that, right? I don't care if it's Cape Cod  Or San Francisco. I never, ever, ever, ever thought I'd want to go back to Massachusetts. Honestly, like, loved growing up there. I'll never go back there. But being at your house and seeing the relationship you have there, There's something so... Just real and amazing about that. Yeah, it's not the place. It's who you're with and the people. Mm-hmm. You know, so, I mean, whatever place we choose to go to, If I'm with you, I don't care. But we're just gonna have to go to Cape Cod, like, Four times a year then. (laughs) I can do that. I'm really glad you're here. (giggles) (laughs) ♪ Today was... I don't know. I can't even describe it, how amazing it was, and... and the night's not even over yet. Never thought you'd ask. (laughs) I mean, obviously... very, very, very excited. When you know you're in love, and you share that, It literally is the best feeling in the world. She's perfect. She really is. She's everything I've been looking for, and it will be great to wake up in the morning and look over and see Ali lying there next to me, and be like, "yep she's the one." ♪ Coming up... I've given up everything to be here. I gave up everything to be here, too. Apparently not everything. Ali : to come to this point, this point right now, and do this is so unbelievably selfish. (bleep) (sighs) I just think that's such... Such a... Cowardly thing to do. Ali : I cannot believe this. Frank : I'm in probably one Of the most beautiful places in the world. I've dreamed of coming to Tahiti for years. I'm here, and I should be happy. But pulling up, all I could think about was Ali, and largely because I'm here to do something That's going to hurt. I'm coming here to tell Ali that I'm leaving. I'm going home, Because I'm in love with my ex-girlfriend Nicole. ♪ I came here to fall in love with Ali,  And I was falling in love with Ali,  So I certainly wasn't expecting these feelings with Nicole. And I need to tell Ali that I can't give her all that she deserves, Because my heart is still with Nicole. I'm confident in the decision I've made, but to hurt Ali and potentially break her heart is gonna be one of the hardest things I've ever had to do. So I want to talk to Chris Harrison. Chris. Frank. What's up, man? Hey, how are you? Good. Good. Thanks for coming. He knows what's going on right now, and I'm hoping he'll have some advice On how to approach this conversation with Ali, Because the thought of hurting her Just tears me apart. I actually have some really bad news. What's up? (sighs) I don't really know how to approach this. 's kind of why I wanted to talk to you. Um... (clears throat) So I went back to Chicago to see Nicole. Right. And... (sighs) I-I-I expected that, you know, I'd see Nicole, and I'd be like, what I have with Ali is exactly what I thought it was. But being there with Nicole, All those old feelings came rushing back... Even stronger than before So how did you leave it with Nicole in Chicago? Because obviously you came here. Yeah. So what did you say? How did you guys leave it? I told Nicole that I'm in love with her. And she reciprocated? Yeah. She loves me. I have to tell you, man, I am... I'm blown away. I mean, this is like, last time I saw you, Everything was great. I know Ali was feeling fantastic towards you. You were falling in love with Ali. Yeah. Yeah. Ready to propose to her, and then, I mean... I know. I... In a matter of days, a 180-degree difference. Yeah. Yeah, I've been thinking about things for weeks and think and overthink and overanalyze, Which I'm very good at. Mm-hmm. And, you know, it was kind of a culmination Of all of these thoughts and feelings and which way should I go? And where is my heart? But after that hometown date, I realized in falling in love with Ali and going through these amazing experiences with Ali, There was something holding me back From really giving Ali everything that I-I could. And it's Nicole. I-I really feel like... I mean... I-I know. I'm scared. This is huge. I mean, this is huge. Yeah. I didn't see this happening. I didn't expect this. And, you know, I-I have been kind of reluctant to share Any of these feelings, and, you know, Trying to figure them out and make sure that I knew exactly what I wanted before I said anything, and, you know, I didn't know exactly how to do it, To be honest, Chris. I... How do you think she's going to take this? I have no idea, to be honest. I-I have a good feeling that She feels the same about me that I feel about her, and that's what scares me, because we were on that path. Right. And... Now she's told me. I mean, You know, not to divulge too mu of what we talk about Without you there, but I know she's crazy about you. Really? Yeah. That makes this harder. I thought this was my path to love. Yeah. And it turns out that it's not. I feel I'm in love with Nicole, and I feel like I can spend the rest of my life with her. (voice breaking) and I hope I'm right. Me, too. But, you know, How to approach this with Ali is... Yeah, I mean, you have a date coming up In about an hour. What are you gonna do? (sighs) I don't know. I mean, I... The... the hardest part about this is, You know, she doesn't know about Nicole. Right. I mean... I mean, look, I've gotten to know you, and I know you to be a good man. I know you're not a bad guy, but think about how you're leaving Ali. Mm-hmm. I mean, she's gonna be in emotional turmoil over this, Heading into what is The most important week of her life. ♪ Yeah. I don't know what to do. I think you need to tell her straight up Right when she gets here. (voice breaking) I'm... I-I have to tell her everything. Pretty much everything I've told you, I should tell her. Yeah. I think if you're honest and just forthright with her, That's all you can do. I think the gravity of the situation is kind of settling in. I'm concerned that Ali's not going to understand Why I didn't come to her sooner and... I need to do my best to explain how I arrived at this decision. I'm dreading Ali knocking on the door. This is a conversation nobody ever wants to have, but it's my responsibility, and right now nothing can make it easier. I just hope she can find some way to understand. ♪ Ali : I've already had two dates this week, but I feel like my date with Frank is by far the most important, Because our relationship has just been all over the place... Up and down and backwards and forwards, but Frank and I have an amazing connection. I... Am head over heels for him, I feel like. I just... He makes me happy and smile and laugh and just be myself. Today I'm gonna take Frank sailing, and I'm really excited because I don't know. There's something really romantic about sailing, and... Hello? (laughs) I just... I really miss Frank. I need this day, and I'm so glad it's here. (laughs) Ali. Hi. (kisses) Ali, we need to talk. (sighs) Okay. Will you sit down? What's up? (clears throat) I'm really nervous right now, so... What's going on? You and I... we had an awesome connection Right from the beginning. And I was crazy about you right from the beginning. (exhales deeply) And every time I saw you, like, my feelings... Grew stronger and stronger and... I was falling for you. But... There was something that was, you know, holding me back, and... Basically, it was unresolved feelings For an ex-girlfriend. And... For a while, I was just thinking... These feelings are just thoughts. They're just... It doesn't mean anything, and it wasn't until the hometown date when... (sighs) my family loved you, and we had an amazing day, and I watched you drive away, and I'm thinking, you know, I could marry that girl, and, you know, I need to figure out these feelings That have been... Eating away at me. And so... Before I came to Tahiti, I went to Chicago To see Nicole. Because I figured if I saw her, I'd get closure, and I'd be able to give Everything that I had to give to you. And the second I saw her... The second I saw her, all the old feelings... Kinda came rushing back. (sighs) (sniffles) Ali, I'm sorry. (exhales deeply) You're perfect in every way, and I... You make me feel good about myself, and I love being with you. And... The only difference is... Like, with Nicole, somehow I feel this click. I don't even know how to explain it. It wasn't you. I... then if you were having all these feelings all along... You're the only girl... then why didn't you say something to me? I thought that the... I... (sighs) Frank, I just... (sighs) I cannot believe this. (voice breaking) I was so excited to see you. I feel like every second I had, I used to just let you know, Like, Frank, I wanna be with you. Like, you're great. Please, just believe in that. Believe in that. Stop thinking about everything else. Stop thinking about the other guys, and still, As much as I... Tried to reassure you, You just kept pulling. (sniffles) (crying) (exhales deeply) (whispers) God. If I would've known sooner, I would've told you sooner, but, like, I just worried that what if, like, You know, you would just, like, leave? You know? And I didn't wanna leave. Like I... You know, I was falling in love with you. (sniffles) and it's like... I wanted to see, like... (sniffles) You know? Like... I just think it's so... Selfish of you to... Have done this. (sighs and sniffles) I've given up everything to be here. (sniffles) And, Frank, like... (sighs) (sniffles) I gave up everything to be here, too. Apparently not everything. (sniffles) I don't know what to say. (moans) (sniffles) (sniffles) I'm sorry, Ali. (sighs) (whispers) oh, m. (sniffles) ♪ (sniffles) ♪ (sighs) (sniffles) I don't wanna leave, 'cause I know I'm not... (sighs) I know I'm not gonna talk to you again, and I was just anticipating today. I don't know. (bleep) Ugh! (sighs) (crying) I just cannot believe you're doing this right now. This is the last thing I ever thought would happen. (sniffles) I'm not even asking you to forgive me right now, but hopefully... hopefully eventually. (sniffles) All right. I'm gonna go. I need to deal with this somehow. (cries) ♪ (sighs and sniffles) Bye. (sniffles) ♪ I'm sorry. (crying) ♪ (whispers) I'm sorry. (sniffles) (whispers) it's okay. (normal voice) bye. (crying) (crying) ♪ (crying) (crying) I could never have imagined it would be that hard To say good-bye to Ali. I prepared myself for the worst... (voice breaking) and it was about A hundred times worse than that. I saw... Everything I've ever wanted in a girl in Ali, but it's just not gonna work. I know I love Nicole, but... You u know, I feel bad. I'm really sorry. Just, I'm so angry at him. Like, I just... I wish he had just, like, talked to me about it, Even said, like, one thing before, and I would've been like, okay, "well, let's talk about this." Like, I've given up my job, my whole freakin' life To be here, and... He, out of selfishness, like, keeps himself in the game Because he doesn't want to be honest with me. I just think that's such... such a cowardly thing to do. ♪ I guess I was hoping I'd feel some sense of relief When this was all over, but I don't. Walking away from her, Tears in her eyes, That's not a relief at all. I feel horrible that I did this to Ali. It just took this long for me to realize I'm in love with Nicole. Now I just... I've left knowing that I've hurt A girl that I care about deeply, and I hope that eventually she can forgive me For what I've done. (sniffles) But I don't know. (waves lapping) It's like... You know what? I, like, now I'm, like, starting to question myself. Like, why am I feeling right now That I hope Frank comes back? I don't want Frank to come back, but there's something, like, in me, like, Oh, maybe I can go back and talk to him again, and he'll stay. But why would I even try to do that in my mind? I feel just like... I feel so weak right now, and I think that's what's making me most angry, Is that he put me in a place that's making me feel this weak. Yeah. That's not you. (sighs) But you can't make it... you can't let that make you feel small. This just always happens to me. (crying) I mean... I don't know. ♪ Why don't you go back? Head back to your room. Relax. All right. I did not see this coming. I had no idea. Thank you, Chris. Sorry. I was so looking forward To just falling in love with Frank today and everything coming together, and I just... I never, ever thought that Frank would hurt me this way. (sniffles) (sighs) ♪ I just don't even understand. Like, if there was another girl, why didn't he just tell me? I've been so honest with these guys, and from day one, I just said, "please, open communication. "just be open and honest with me. I'll be so real and open and honest back with you." (sighs) and Frank just... Couldn't do that. ♪ I mean, I just feel like to come to this point... This point right now... and do this, Is so unbelievably selfish. Like, Frank knew. He, like, knew all along. (sighing) I just feel like He's the biggest jerk I've ever known. ♪ I've been saying, like, for a while, Frank is everything I've wanted in a guy, and I thought there was so much potential For my relationship with Frank. You know, I thought there was a chance Frank would be my husband, and... (sniffles) You know, going in meeting my family,  Like, I was so sure Frank was gonna be there. I was so sure he was gonna meet my mom and Dad, and... (crying) and I just... I can't help but think, like,  There's something wrong with me. (sobbing) ♪ Yesterday was really painful. I was completely blindsided When Frank told me he was still in love with his ex-girlfriend. Frank leaving was my biggest fear coming true. You know, at the beginning, right away, I was scared That I could really open up and start falling for someone, and... And they could leave me or not love me back. And that's exactly what happened. So now I need to make sure That Roberto and Chris really want to be here, and that if they accept my rose today, That they're committing to this and... and they're gonna stay here with me. Ali. Hey. Hi. Good to see you. You, too. How you doing? Better. Yeah? Have a seat. Let's talk about it. What's going on? Um... Uh, yesterday was really hard. I wasn't expecting it at all. Yeah. And, um... I woke up this morning pretty sad and... Do you think it was Frank, Or do you think it's what Frank did to you That hurt so much? Or maybe a little of both? Y-you know, it just... It's scary to me that this far along, I don't... Like, I thought that Frank could be right for me. Yeah. So, like, for me to think that  And then realize he's so wrong,  It's... it scares me that I don't know what I want. Right. And I'm... It's just, like, A scary feeling to have at this point. You know, and not because I think... Frank was the right guy for me, 'cause obviously, he's not. But, um... (voice breaking) you know, it's just... it's hard. Well, it doesn't minimize what happened. Yeah. Um... And then I remembered a quote That my best friend said to me before I came here. And she said, "no one can make you feel inferior Without your consent." So... (sighs) I felt bad about myself for a while... Yeah. (normal voice) but I'm not gonna let Frank do that to me. And I know I'm not supposed to be with Frank now. Yeah. So even if Frank was here right now and said, "I'm sorry. I made a mistake," it's too late. So how do we move on? Now that you've had time to think about this... (exhales deeply) You have two great guys... Chris, Roberto. You're confident these are the two guys That should be here right now? I have high hopes right now That my future husband is still here. Me, too. Two guys... there's only two roses to hand out. Um... While it seems obvious what's gonna happen, I think... It's... it's important we have a rose ceremony tonight. You know... (sighs) I have said all along, "this isn't about me giving you a rose. This is about you accepting it..." Mm-hmm. "and choosing me back." And it's really important to me That I don't just give these guys roses tonight. Right. They accept them. And I need to, like, hear that from them. The other thing is... What happened with Frank, I think that should come from you. Okay. All right. Well, the guys are arriving by boat. Take a moment, figure out what you're gonna say, and I'll go welcome the guys. And when you're ready, I'll see you at the rose ceremony, okay? Okay, thank you. All right. Good luck. (whispers) thanks. ♪ It makes me a little nervous, going into this, of... If these guys are here for me. (sighs) It's a scary thing to go into this and not know, and we're at a point now where I just need to be sure. I need to... Know that... These guys want to be with me, and just me. I really want both guys to accept the rose today. ♪ I'm a little nervous going into this rose ceremony, Because I have to tell... Chris and Roberto that Frank left. What's up, Chris? Chris. How are you? Good to see you again, man. Good to see you as well. Come on in. All right. Ali : this rose ceremony is really important to me. After Frank left, it's more important than ever That I don't just offer a rose to the guys, but that they accept it wholeheartedly. All right, man. Good luck. Thanks. Thanks, Chris. See you in a bit. I don't want these guys to think that... They're here by default, because that's not the case. And it's really important to me That Chris and Roberto know That I'm giving them these roses because I want them to be here. Roberto. How you doing? Good to see you again, man. Welcome. Same. Likewise. Thank you. Come on up. You know, my biggest fear coming into this is that I'd fall for someone who didn't love me back. And I'm worried about today. I'm worried that... It's not gonna go that great. Slide in here next to Chris. All right. All right. All set? Good luck. I'll be right back. It's crucial that I make clear to these guys That, if they accept a rose today, Then they're committing to this journey and... and they're committing to me. But I've been surprised here so many times. So I just hope that this... Goes well. ♪ Chris, Roberto, Obviously, Frank's not here. Something happened, but I really don't want you guys to hear this from me, So I'm gonna bring Ali out and let, uh, Her talk to you guys and tell you what happened. All right? Sure. (whispers) what happened? (whispers) I don't know. (whispers) hi. Chris H. : hi. (sighs) hi, guys. (sighs) So Frank's not here. Um... I didn't have a date with Frank this week. Um... Frank has things back home That he didn't deal with before coming here. And, um... (chuckles) he's gone home to... Take care of that. So... It was really hard. And... (sighs) It is what it is. One thing I can confidently say is that I am 100% positive That Frank is not the guy for me. And I look at the two of you, and I'm so grateful that I have two aming men here. I mean, the qualities that I'm looking for In someone to be with Are... Honor and... Respect for other people. And I think both those words describe the two of you. I want to have a rose ceremony. This is all about me choosing someone and them choosing me back. From day one, I've said that. I want to make sure I'm giving... The rose For the right reasons and that it's being accepted on the other end. So... ♪ (Ali sighs) (chuckles) Um, Chris. (laughs) hi. Hi. Will you accept this rose? Yes, I will. (laughs) Thank you. I want to make it perfect. It's a little... Oh, thank you. Oh. (laughs) ♪ (chuckles) Roberto. Roberto, will you accept this rose? Absolutely. (whispers indistinctly) Absolutely. I'm so happy that Chris and Roberto accepted my roses. And I'm ready to just let everything go That's happened throughout this whole journey and leave it behind and move forward With these two fantastic guys. Thanks. (laughs) Come on over. Come on over. Back in L.A., I said that we were going to a place I've always wanted to go, and that is Tahiti. But there's been a specific place within Tahiti  That I've always wanted to go. So our next and final stop is... ♪ Bora-bora. (all laugh) Cheers to that. And my family's there. Wow. Nice. So you will be meeting them. And, uh, I'm really excited. So cheers. Cheers. Cheers. (clink) Next week on the bachelorette"... Thank you. It's the reunion show you won't want to miss... Hello and welcome To the bachelorette: The men tell all." Because the most controversial men of the season Are back to tell all. Craig is here for the drama. (men cheer and laugh) He just wants to fuel the flame. Have you guys seen my little brother, the weatherman? What the (bleep) is wrong with him? (both scream) What do the guys really think of Kasey and his tattoo? (needle buzzes) I came here to guard and protect her heart. (Justin imitating Kasey) I wear my heart on my sleeve. And I'll always guard and protect her heart. This kid's freakin' crazy this is exactly who I am. Craig R. : I don't know where This whole guard and protect your heart" thing came fro but I think it's (bleep) insane. Oh! And what's the latest forecast for the weatherman? 100% chance that my crotch will show. First impression of the weatherman... Annoying as hell. Oh, these are tough. These interviews are tough. You can't be serious with someone who's shorter than you. I think it's embarrassing. He's not a real man. And then there's Justin... I am absolutely here for the right reasons. (laughs) Justin might be the biggest liar I've ever met in my life. No, no, no, no. Sit down and talk like a man. How will he explain his shocking exit to the guys... Craig R. : the guy's a piece of (bleep). He's not even worth talking about anymore. And to Ali? Ali : it's unspeakable what you've done. You're seriously gonna walk away from me? You're gonna go out like this? This is how you want to be perceived? And in two weeks, it's the most dramatic season finale In bachelorette" history. Ali : I never would've imagined being here in bora-bora. I just feel so lucky. Chris : bora-bora's an amazing place, and it's even better when you're with someone That you're falling in love with. Roberto : to tell you that I'm a lucky guy is the biggest understatement I could ever give you. Chris : I'm ready to take that gigantic next step. We are gonna have an incredible life together. Roberto : there's the potential To get married at the end of this. There's also the potential that this amazing journey Ends with heartbreak. Ali : I'm about to make One of the most important decisions I will ever make In my whole life. I'm thinking about these two great guys I have, and they're both amazing guys. But there's always that fear that, You know, am I making the right choice? I am a mix of emotions. I wanted to come here and risk everything for love, and today I've taken that ultimate risk. ♪ It's all coming up next week on... Oh, I wish I would've paid attention to my Dad When he told me how to cut these. Oh! Dude, how am I supposed to cut this thing open? I better do this right, or it's gonna be embarrassing. ♪ (machete thudding) Dad showed you this, for real? (laughs) (dramatic voice) it's not broken. (laughs) (normal voice) you have any idea how to do this? I'll try. Oh, man, you're gonna embarrass me. (laughs) don't embarrass me too bad. Okay, watch out. (chuckles) (thuds) Nice. Now see, you could live on this island. ♪ Get... (laughs) ♪ (laughs) oh, my goodness. I'm done. I better not piss you off. (laughs) 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 