Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x03 - Are You True? - One Tree Hill 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x03 - Are You True? https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=121&t=8095 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/20/03 22:24 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x03 - Are You True? 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Lucas: (V.O.) Previously on "One Tree Hill…"  
 Durham: Look, I’ve got an opening in my lineup. Varsity. What do you say?  
 Lucas: What do you want?  
 Nathan: What do you want, man? I mean, other than my girlfriend and my spot in the lineup?  
 Nathan: He’s got our last name, dad.  
 Dan: I can’t change the fact this kid exists.  
 Karen: You have no right to think of him-not today, or any other day of his life! How dare you?  
 Haley: You’re a really good guy and I’m glad we’re friends.  
 Nathan: You and me, one on one.  
 Peyton: So, what if he wins? What does he get?  
 Nathan: He gets you.  
 Lucas: This is for my mom.  
 Mouth: Luke for the win!  
 Peyton: I want to draw something that means something to someone, but I can’t. It’s too important to me.  
 Nathan: I can describe Lucas in one word. @#%$.  
 Nathan: He wasn’t swinging at me, dad. He was swinging at you.  
 Lucas: I felt like he had a piece of me. I never felt like that on the playground.  
 Karen: Well, I say he’s taken enough from us.  
 Durham: You’re gonna be okay.  
 Lucas: Yeah, I am.  
 [Cheers and applause]  
 TEASER  
 -INT. School Gym - Night  
 [Cheers and applause]  
 Durham: Time out!  
 Announcer: (O.S.) Under twenty-five seconds to go, the Ravens trail by two.  
 Durham: We’re running black for Nathan. If they double you, fight through them and take your shot when we have five seconds left. Let’s go.  
 Tim: Ravens on three. One, two, three, Ravens!  
 Announcer: So, a quick time out and the Ravens take to the court, their undefeated record at stake, 18 seconds left on the clock. They need a basket to tie, or a 3-pointer for the win. Jagielski to the inbound finds Guy Smith out top. We’re under 10 seconds now. Smith dumps it down to Nathan Scott, and he’s double teamed, but he forces up a 7-footer. It kicks off the heel of the rim. Jake Jagielski, though with an offensive rebound, with under 5 seconds on the clock, Jagielski out to Lucas Scott, he is behind the 3-point line. The Ravens are going to win or lose it right here.  
 [Buzzer Sounds]  
 [Swish of basket]  
 [Cheering and applauding]  
 Announcer: Unbelievable! Lucas Scott with the 3-pointer at the buzzer, and the Tree Hill Ravens are still undefeated! And I tell you what, if you’re going to play the Ravens this season, you better take note, there is a new Scott in town!  
 Cut to:  
 -INT. School gym - Night  
 Lucas has changed and is walking over to his mom and Keith.  
 Man: Nice game, Lucas.  
 Lucas: Thanks. (high five Keith)  
 Keith: You rock.  
 Lucas: Thanks, Uncle Keith. (hug Karen)  
 Keith: For a kid that was about to quit, that was something to see.  
 Lucas: But I picked up fouls too early, and I was slow getting back into it.  
 Karen: You were great.  
 Lucas: Thanks guys. See you soon, mom. (walks away)  
 Karen: Not too late.  
 Keith: You did good, Luke. (to Karen) You did pretty good, too.  
 Karen: I can breathe now.  
 Cut to:  
 INT. School Gym - Night  
 Shari: Karen, hi! Keith, hi. I guess congratulations are in order.  
 Karen: Thank you, Shari.  
 Shari: Uh, I don’t want to keep you, I just want to let you know that as the mother of a varsity player, you’re eligible to join boosters. So, I mean, not that you need to, it’s not required or anything. And I know you’re really busy with that little café of yours.  
 Karen: Right. When do you meet?  
 Shari: Uh, well, it varies, really. Usually Wednesdays.  
 Karen: At?  
 Shari: Uh, Six-ish. So, it’s really good to see you, honey. Go Ravens!  
 [Laughs] (walks away)  
 Keith: [Hisses]  
 Cut to:  
 INT. School gym - Night  
 Dan is sitting on the bleachers when Nathan walks up.  
 Dan: I thought this was your team.  
 Dan gets up and leaves Nathan standing there, upset.  
 Cut to:  
 INT. Lucas’s car - Night  
 Lucas steps into the car and puts his bag down. Brooke pops up from the back seat, in a leopard bra.  
 Brooke: Hey, you.  
 Lucas: Oh, I think you got the wrong car.  
 Brooke: Nah. Don’t mind me. I just have to get out of this uniform. So, uh, anyway, I’m Brooke. But you probably knew that. Can I tell you that that last shot was awesome? How’d it feel? Good, huh? You know it did.  
 Brooke slips her bra onto Lucas shoulder. He looks very uncomfortable. Suddenly, Brooke jumps down, gasping.  
 Brooke: Oh, my gosh!  
 Durham knocks on the window and Lucas slips the bra off of his shoulder as he opens the window.  
 Durham: That game wasn’t horrible.  
 Lucas: Thanks, coach.  
 Durham: Well, don’t turn pro yet. You drag your scrawny butt to the weight room twice a day starting now.  
 Lucas: You got it.  
 Durham: Oh, uh… By the way, there’s a half naked girl in the back seat of your car. I just thought you’d like to know.  
 Durham tips his hat and walks off. Brooke comes back up.  
 Brooke: Grouchy.  
 Lucas: [Laughs]  
 Brooke: So, anyway… You’re in it now, aren’t you? When that last shot when through, did you feel it change?  
 Lucas: Feel what change?  
 Brooke: Everything. I mean, how many moments in life can you point to and say, "That’s when it all changed?" You just had one. But don’t worry, baby. (leaning on his shoulder, whispering) The popularity thing’s not so bad.  
 END OF TEASER  
 (Opening credits roll)  
 ACT I  
 INT. Peyton’s Bedroom - Night  
 Peyton and Nathan are sitting on her bed. Peyton is trying to get him to kiss her, but he looks upset.  
 Nathan: Unbelievable. The guy scores 12 measly points and they act like he’s Iverson. You know how many games I’ve scored more than that in? All but two. One of them, I had mono.  
 Peyton: Well, you don’t have mono now, do you? (kissing his ear) Care to prove it?  
 Nathan: My dad’s gonna hammer me. Something’s changed.  
 Peyton: (backing off) With your dad?  
 Nathan: No, with your room. Something’s different.  
 Peyton: It’s my walls. I took my sketches down.  
 Nathan: What sketches?  
 INT. Karen’s Café - Night  
 Haley is sitting on a stool by the counter, looking at her watch. She gets up and switches the Open sign to a Close sign and walks back to the counter. Lucas walks in and Haley turns around, wondering the results of the game. Lucas’s solemn expression quickly changes to a smile.  
 Lucas: 12 points, 8 assists. And I made the game winning shot.  
 Haley: Good!  
 Haley jumps on Lucas and they hug for a moment.  
 Haley: [laughs] That is great, right?  
 Lucas: Yeah, it’s all right.  
 Haley: Ugh, I can’t believe I had to work! Tell me about it.  
 Lucas: Actually, the beginning wasn’t so great, I ran into you-know-who.  
 Haley: Dan? Oh, I’m sorry. Do you want to talk about it?  
 Lucas: Actually, I wasn’t thinking about checking out the burning boat.  
 Haley: Ooh.  
 Lucas: You want to come?  
 Haley: Well, I suppose I could be seen with you. Let me just call home and tell them not to wait up.  
 Haley walks over to the counter’s phone, followed by Lucas who leans on the counter.  
 Haley: Hey, mom, it’s Haley. Haley James, your daughter.  
 Haley makes a sign of drinking with her thumb and pinkie finger.  
 Haley: Listen, I’m gonna go out after work, and I’ll be home. Okay? All right, bye. (hangs up)  
 Lucas: Was your mom drinking?  
 Haley: No! I got the machine.  
 Cut to:  
 EXT. Karen’s car - Night  
 Cut to:  
 INT. Karen’s car - Night  
 Karen: "You don’t have to join the boosters." And did you get that dig about my "little café"?  
 Keith: What do you care? It’s not like your going to join the boosters, anyway.  
 Karen: That’s not the point. And that thing about cheerleading? It’s like they’re still in high school. I mean, really, let it go.  
 Keith: Well, that’s good advice. Maybe you should take it.  
 Karen: What’s that supposed to mean?  
 Keith: Well, if I’m not mistaken, you still own your cheerleading sweater. All I’m saying is memory lane is a two-way street.  
 Karen: Yeah? So is "You don’t know what the hell you’re talking about" boulevard. This is not about high school for me, Keith. Trust me.  
 Keith: Whatever you say.  
 Cut to:  
 INT. Peyton’s Bedroom - Night  
 Music is blaring as Peyton works on another sketch. The phone rings, and the answering machine automatically picks up after two rings.  
 Peyton: Hey, it’s Peyton. You know what to do.  
 Peyton presses the play button.  
 Man: Hey, this message is for Peyton. It’s Jeff Nelson calling from THUD magazine. Your friend dropped off your sketches and, he was right, they’re terrific. Give me a call when you get a chance. We’d love to talk to you about, you know, maybe doing a comic strip for the magazine. Nice work, Peyton. Nice work.  
 Peyton presses the delete button.  
 Electronic voice: Message deleted.  
 EXT. Burning Boat - Night  
 Announcer: (O.S.) Come one, come all, to the Tree Hill annual Burning Boat festival. Burn your bad karma, bad luck, or bad choices and start anew. We’ll be collecting items all week. Nothing is too big, too small, too tragic, or too trivial…  
 Haley and Lucas are walking.  
 Boy: Nice game, Lucas.  
 Lucas: Hey, thanks.  
 Haley: You are just blowing up.  
 Lucas: Well, yeah, man. I’m a big star now. You better hope I keep you around.  
 Haley: You know, I’m gonna try not to lose sleep over that, thanks. So, last night, I’m watching Scandinavian week on the history channel, and I-  
 Lucas: Why?  
 Haley: Because… blonde Viking guys are hot. [laugh] Anyway, this whole Burning Boat thing is a total rip-off of a Viking funeral. Did you know that?  
 Brandon: (walks up) You know, you’re the bomb.  
 Lucas: Thanks.  
 Brandon: (hands Haley a paper) Check it out.  
 Haley: [laugh] B+! Brandon, all right! You did it!  
 Brandon: Yeah, I just threw all my bad grades into the pot. I’m not going back there.  
 Haley: I know you’re not.  
 Brandon: I’ve had I don’t know how many tutors, and this girl’s a miracle worker.  
 Haley: (hands back the paper) No, this is all you, man. Congratulations!  
 Brandon: Thanks, Haley. See you.  
 Haley: Yes! I knew he could do it! Yes!  
 Lucas: Nice work, Hales.  
 Haley: Thank you. So, what bad mojo are you burning this year?  
 Lucas pulls out his Scott name tag that used to be on the back of his jersey and throws it into the boat.  
 Lucas: I’m not wearing that on my jersey. So, we’re going to watch this together, right?  
 Haley: Maybe. I have to, uh, check my schedule. You know, the word around town is that I’m, um… [clears throat] the bomb. Oh! (walks away)  
 Lucas: [laughs] Wow. (follows)  
 Cut to:  
 INT. School Hallway - Day  
 Lucas is looking for something in his locker, and Haley is standing beside him when a girl walks by.  
 Girl: Great game, Lucas.  
 Haley: All right, I’m going to the tutoring center so I can feel superior.  
 Lucas laughs as Haley begins to walk away, but then stops and turns around.  
 Haley: Oh, listen-they’re playing "Attack of the 50-foot Woman" at the Crescent tomorrow. Do you want to go?  
 Lucas: Yeah. Count me in.  
 Haley: All right.  
 Lucas: I’ll call you later.  
 Haley: Bye!  
 Nathan: (watching them from down the hall) Hey, who’s that girl he’s always hanging out with?  
 Tim: Who knows? Why? You feel like slumming?  
 [Both laugh]  
 Peyton slams Lucas locker shut.  
 Peyton: Who do you think you are?  
 Lucas: Someone you’re pissed at.  
 Peyton: You submitted my sketches to THUD magazine.  
 Lucas: And they liked them, didn’t they?  
 Peyton: If I wanted your help, I would ask for it.  
 Brooke: (walks up) Hey, girl. Hey, you didn’t happen to find my, um-  
 Lucas hands Brooke her leopard bra.  
 Brooke: -Thank you, gorgeous. (walks away)  
 Peyton shakes her head at Lucas and follows Brooke.  
 Lucas: You’re welcome!  
 EXT. Outside the School - Day  
 Peyton catches up with Brooke and they continue walking.  
 Peyton: What you got there?  
 Brooke: What?  
 Peyton: You know what. The Brooke Davis leopard bra-dude, that thing’s like a welcome mat. Anyway, I heard you were naked in his car.  
 Brooke: No. I was partially naked. At one point I had mittens on ‘cause it was cold. Oh, did you see my-  
 Peyton: Okay, focus. You’re a slut in mittens, you’re in his car. Then what happens?  
 Brooke: Well, then nothing. He was really sweet. He drove me home, said "Good night," waited ‘till I got inside.  
 Peyton: Maybe he’s gay.  
 Brooke: No, I think he’s just nice. Anyway, it’s gonna be so great when he sleeps with me!  
 Peyton: [laughs]  
 Cut to:  
 INT. Shower Room - Day  
 Lucas is showering when someone grabs his towel, but we don’t see the face. Luke turns off the water, turns around and finds no towel.  
 Cut to:  
 INT. Locker Room - Day  
 Lucas goes to his locker, finds it open and all of his stuff gone.  
 Cut to:  
 INT. Hallway - Day  
 Lucas walks out of the locker room with two basketballs covering him. Coach Durham walks past, looking at some papers attached to a clip board.  
 Whitey: I was just getting used to low-waist jeans. Lets go, ball boy.  
 Lucas shakes his head with an expression on his face that says, "Why me?"  
 Cut to:  
 INT. Automobile Repair Shop - Day  
 Keith and Lucas a fixing the bottom of a car.  
 Keith: How’s things been since the game?  
 Lucas: [Sighs] Different. People I’ve never talked to say "Hello" to me like they’ve always known me and the teachers smile more. Cheerleaders strip in your car.  
 Keith: Sounds like the good life.  
 Lucas: Yeah, it sounds like it, but not really.  
 Keith: No?  
 Lucas: No, the team’s hazing me a little bit.  
 Keith: Well, believe it or not, I wouldn’t take it too personally. See, we, uh, we did that when I played. Unless it gets completely out of hand, just roll with it. Show ‘em what you’re made of.  
 Cut to:  
 INT. School Gym - Day  
 Lucas throws a shot and gets it. Someone passes the ball back to him.  
 Whitey: Nathan!  
 Nathan walks over to Coach Durham.  
 Whitey: I’m tinkering with the offense. You’ll be playing more small forward.  
 Nathan: Forget it. I’m the shooting guard.  
 Whitey: That’s funny. I thought I was the coach. As a matter of fact, you can call me that, and I’ll call you "small forward". Nathan Scott, small forward. Has a nice ring to it.  
 Nathan is upset as he looks over to Lucas who gets another shot in.  
 [Whistle blows]  
 Cut to:  
 INT. Nathan’s Family Room - Night  
 Dan is sitting on the couch when Nathan walks in and stops at the door.  
 Dan: I hear Whitey gave your spot to Lucas. Do you even care that it’s slipping away? [Sighs] All the work we’ve put into it, all the plans that we’ve made.  
 Nathan: (walking towards him) All the plans you’ve made, dad. All the work I’ve done.  
 Dan: Fine, quit the team. Hell, quit school for that matter. I’ll tell you what; I’ll give you a job working at the dealership. You can spend the rest of your life haggling over free floor mats with morons with bad credit. How does that sound? Because that’s where you’re headed, and that’s if I give you the job! [Sighs] I just want more for you, Nathan. More than a 9-5 and the feeling you could’ve had a better life. And, I want you to be happy. I do. But, you need to tell me if you still want to do this. Do you?  
 Nathan nods and Dan walks toward him.  
 Dan: Okay. But, happiness doesn’t come cheap. Hell, if it did, we’d all be smiling.  
 
 
 
 ACT II  
 INT. Nathan’s Kitchen - Day  
 Dan: Whitey’s using you to get back at me, and I apologize, Nathan, because it’s not your fault.  
 Nathan: What do you want me to do, dad? It’s Whitey’s team.  
 Dan: No, it’s not. Whitey didn’t understand when I was playing for him. He doesn’t get it now. This is your team. Not his. What position do you want to play?  
 Nathan: I think I’m stronger at shooting guard.  
 Dan: I agree. So, if this new kid’s taken your position, he’s no longer your teammate, is he? He’s your opponent. And how do we defeat an opponent? Identify his weaknesses and attack them.  
 Cut to:  
 INT. Locker Room - Day  
 Nathan is talking to the whole team, excluding Lucas.  
 Nathan: Look, you guys are the ones I feel sorry for. Me? I’m going to get my minutes. But you guys have been busting your tails since the junior leagues. Now you finally get your shot and Whitey gives the starting spot to this guy? It’s not right. If you ask me, he shouldn’t even be on the team.  
 Tim: So then, what are we going to do?  
 Nathan: We’re gonna make him earn it. At least make him suffer like we did.  
 Lucas walks in, heads over to his locker and finds it unlocked. He opens it up and his clothes are dripping wet. The guys laugh at him and exit the locker room.  
 Nathan: It’s only going to get worse, man.  
 Jake stays behind and opens up his locker.  
 Jake: So, the hazing begins… right on schedule. [sniffs] Can you smell the desperation?  
 Jake hands Lucas a dry uniform.  
 Jake: We all went through it. Hang in there.  
 Cut to:  
 INT. School Gym - Day  
 Tim: So, what happens if we haze this guy and he doesn’t go away?  
 Nathan: With what I’ve got planned, he will.  
 Tim: But, what if he doesn’t?  
 Nathan: If he doesn’t, I’ve got a backup plan.  
 Cut to:  
 INT. Tutoring Center - Day  
 Haley is looking through some files when Nathan walks in.  
 Nathan: Hey.  
 Haley: Can I help you?  
 Nathan: I hope so. You’re my tutor.  
 Haley: Right. I don’t think so.  
 Nathan: You’re Haley James, right?  
 Haley looks over his blue sheet of paper and hands it back to him.  
 Haley: I’m sorry. I’m best friends with Lucas.  
 Nathan: Well, then I’m sorry, too.  
 Haley: Forget it. I’ll find you someone else.  
 Nathan: Whoa, whoa, look, look. There is nobody else. All right? I’d be fine with it if there was.  
 Haley: If there were.  
 Nathan: See? You’re helping me already.  
 Haley: Look, I can’t help you and on top of that, I won’t help you. Okay?  
 Haley walks out of the room.  
 Cut to:  
 EXT. THUD Magazine - Day  
 Cut to:  
 INT. THUD Magazine Office - Day  
 Jeff Nelson is sitting behind his desk skimming through Peyton’s sketches, while she anxiously awaits his response.  
 Jeff: Interesting. Where have you studied?  
 Peyton: Mostly in my bedroom.  
 Jeff: Huh.  
 Peyton: Is that a bad thing?  
 Jeff: No, just surprising for someone with your talent. Well, your stuff is great. I do have a few concerns, though. You’re younger than I expected, and we have firm deadlines to make a press run.  
 Peyton: Give me a deadline. I’ll meet it.  
 Jeff: All right, then how about a test strip? Uh, use your high school characters, but, give them a twist.  
 Peyton: A twist?  
 Jeff: The way you portray high school, the girls are so tragic. Don’t get me wrong, I like it. But, the magazine wants wish fulfillment. You know, pretty, popular, like a…  
 Peyton: A cheerleader?  
 Jeff: Perfect. Cheerleaders are always happy.  
 Cut to:  
 INT. Classroom - Day  
 Teacher: Identity-this was a common theme in the work of E.E. Cumings. While it’s true he was most known as a…  
 The teacher’s voice drifts off into the background, indistinct. Brooke is playing with a cootie-catcher.  
 Brooke: Lucas, what’s your favorite color?  
 Lucas: Black.  
 Brooke: B-l-a-c-k.  
 Teacher: When Cummings died in 1962, he was enormously popular, especially with young readers.  
 Brooke: What’s your favorite number?  
 Lucas holds up three fingers and Brooke counts three on the catcher.  
 Brooke: Okay, what’s your favorite sexual position?  
 Lucas gives her a confused and uncomfortable look.  
 Brooke: I’ll use mine.  
 Brooke counts the letters on the catcher and opens it up.  
 Brooke: So, you like me.  
 Teacher: (takes catcher) Mostly because he dealt with s*x… and war. Okay, folks, listen up-I want everyone to bring in something by Cummings-poem, essay, whatever-to the next class. Okay, thank you for your work.  
 Nathan gets his paper back with a big, circled F.  
 Cut to:  
 INT. Tutoring Center  
 Haley is putting away her books. She grabs her side-bag and heads to the door, but Nathan walks in.  
 Nathan: [Sighs] Hey. I just wanted to let you know that I’m gonna be fine.  
 Haley: Good.  
 Nathan: (holds up paper) I mean, F is for fine, right?  
 Nathan walks out the door, and Haley stands there with a disappointed look on her face.  
 Cut to:  
 INT. Massage Clinic - Day  
 Brooke is getting a wax while Peyton is beside her on a chair, reading a magazine.  
 Brooke: You know she’ll never go for it.  
 Peyton: So, how’s your Lucas quest going?  
 Brooke: Fine. Ow! Hand.  
 Peyton: Let me ask you something. Why are you being so persistent with this one? You normally would have moved on by now.  
 Brooke: Why? Are you jealous?  
 Peyton: No.  
 Brooke: Do you like him?  
 Peyton: No. See, there’s this guy named Nathan, who’s also called my boyfriend.  
 Brooke: Yeah-ow! Ooh. Well, maybe I want a boyfriend, too-someone reliable for once, steady… Without all the drama, anger, and pettiness you and Nathan have. [Laugh]  
 Peyton pulls off a wax strip.  
 Brooke: Ow!  
 Both: [Laughing]  
 Cut to:  
 INT. Karen’s Café - Day  
 Keith: Isn’t Haley working today?  
 Karen: She’s making a delivery.  
 Keith: Doesn’t that girl ever go home?  
 Karen: [laughs] Haley comes from a big family. When Lucas met her, I think they were eight or nine. But she saw it was just me and Lucas, and she said "Yeah, I come from a big family. I think you guys need me more." Did he tell you about his troubles with the team?  
 Keith: Yeah. I, uh, I told him not to take it so personally.  
 Karen: Speaking of taking things personally, I was thinking about my brush with Shari and the boosters. I think I may have overreacted.  
 Keith: I think I know how you can find out.  
 Cut to:  
 INT. Booster Meeting - Evening  
 Shari is talking to the booster members when Karen walks in.  
 Shari: Okay, the last item on the agenda is fundraising. So, we will have our booth at Burning Boat and-Karen, hi.  
 Karen: You start at six, right?  
 Shari: No, sweetie, we start at five sharp. You must have misunderstood me.  
 Karen: Sure.  
 Shari: Everybody, this is Karen, Lucas Scott’s mother.  
 Woman: Oh, so-so you’re Dan’s ex?  
 Karen: Actually, we were never married.  
 Woman: Oh.  
 Karen: [Clears throat] I just thought I’d come down here and introduce myself to all of you and say "Hello."  
 Woman#2: Is Lucas on the team for good?  
 Karen: What do you mean?  
 Woman#2: Well, I mean, it just seems strange that a new boy on the squad becomes a starter ahead of boys who have been Ravens for years.  
 Shari: Um, now then, as I was saying, um, I think that Burning Boat-  
 Karen: It’s ‘cause he’s good. Coach Durham thinks he deserves to, and maybe you want to tell your sons that so next time they steal his wallet, or ruin his clothes, or whatever else they have planned for him.  
 Woman#2: Excuse me?  
 Karen: He’s a kid who’s doing his best.  
 Shari: Whoa, whoa. You walk in here-late, I might add-and start making accusations about our boys? Our boys are the good ones.  
 Karen: Exactly what does that mean?  
 Shari: You know exactly what I mean.  
 Karen: You know, Shari, I came down here wanting to give you the benefit of the doubt, but clearly you’re still the same petty little @#%$ you were in high school. (walks out)  
 Shari: Well, um…  
 Cut to:  
 EXT. Basketball Court/Playground - Evening  
 Lucas pulls up in his car, gets out and sees that the court is trashed. Garbage is littered everywhere and the next is ruined along with the words "You Suck!" written on it. Lucas is pissed off.  
 ACT III  
 EXT. Basketball Court/Playground - Day  
 Lucas is up on a ladder trying to scrub the words off of the backboard when Peyton drives up and gets out of her car.  
 Peyton: Hey. I heard about this. I hoped it wasn’t true.  
 Lucas: What do you want, Peyton?  
 Peyton: I just want to tell you I’m not doing the comic strip.  
 Lucas: That’s a mistake.  
 Peyton: Yeah, well maybe some people aren’t ready to expose themselves to the world like you and your basketball.  
 Lucas: Maybe you are ready, but you’re just scared. (climb down ladder) Well, did you at least meet with them?  
 Peyton: Yeah. Yeah, I mean, the editor loved my stuff. He just wanted me to change it into something totally different. It’s really not that big of a deal. Guess I just… I just want to say thanks.  
 Lucas: Wow. Did Peyton Sawyer just say "thank you"?  
 Peyton: Look, if Nathan did this, I’m sorry.  
 Lucas: Why do you stay with him, anyway?  
 Peyton: ‘Cause sometimes it’s good. Sometimes there’s no one else. (walk to car)  
 Lucas: Hey, Peyton, that editor is wrong.  
 Peyton smiles and walks over to her car.  
 Cut to:  
 INT. Karen’s Café - Day  
 Close-up of the phone as it rings. Haley picks it up and we pull back to see the whole view.  
 Haley: Karen’s Café.  
 Nathan: (O.S.) I’m calling for Haley James.  
 Haley: Yeah, this is her.  
 Nathan: (O.S.) Hey, it’s Nathan Scott.  
 Cut to:  
 INT. Nathan’s Bedroom - Day  
 Nathan: Um, I really need your help.  
 Cut to:  
 INT. Karen’s Café - Day  
 Haley: Sorry, this isn’t her. (hangs up)  
 Cut to:  
 INT. Nathan’s Bedroom - Day  
 Nathan looks at the phone for a second and then hangs up.  
 Cut to:  
 INT. Karen’s Café - Day  
 Karen: What was that?  
 Haley: Uh, wrong number.  
 Karen: You just said this was her. What, did you forget your own name?  
 Haley: [Laughs]  
 Karen: What’s up?  
 Haley: This guy wants me to tutor him, and I said "No" ‘cause he’s kind of a bad guy.  
 Karen: You know him?  
 Haley: Not really. I just know of him.  
 Karen: Dangerous?  
 Haley: No. What? You’ve got that look.  
 Karen: What look?  
 Haley: The look that my mom always gets when she wants to throw her two cents in. What?  
 Karen: Well, Haley, I think you have pretty good instincts so I’m not trying to tell you what to do, but just to play devil’s advocate, if this boy came for tutoring, maybe he’s trying to change.  
 Haley: [Sigh]  
 Karen: Might be something in there worth saving.  
 Close-up of the table as Karen puts two penny’s onto the table. Cut back to Haley. She’s thinking about what she should do as Karen walks into the back room.  
 Cut to:  
 INT. Automobile Shop - Day  
 Lucas is sitting in the car as Keith fixes it with the top up.  
 Keith: Well, Luke, I owe you an apology.  
 Lucas: For what?  
 Keith: I told you not to take things personally, but they’re making it personal. All right, let’s give her a try.  
 Lucas turns the key and the engine sputters along with a knock on the door.  
 Keith: Sorry, we’re closed.  
 Jake walks into the room and over to the car. Lucas steps out of the car.  
 Jake: Hi, I’m Jake.  
 Keith: Oh, hi, Jake. I’m Keith.  
 Jake: How are you doing?  
 Keith: I got some paperwork to do. See you. (walks away)  
 Jake: I heard about the court.  
 Lucas: You heard about it, or you were there?  
 Jake: Hey, I don’t buy into that mob rule nonsense, all right. I play defense. I live my life. That’s it.  
 Lucas: Yeah, and what about the rest of the team?  
 Jake: Look, Luke, the guys on the team-they’re in a tough spot. Because of the suspension, most of these guys are younger, and they’re not going to stand up to Nathan. It’s not right, but that’s the way it is.  
 Lucas: Yeah, well, the way it is doesn’t work for me, and it doesn’t work for my friends.  
 Jake: Yeah, I know. But that’s… That’s kind of why I came here. This thing could get really messy if someone doesn’t take the high road. And, I know this is not my place to ask, but I was just hoping that you could rise above it.  
 Lucas: I don’t think I can do that.  
 Jake: Okay. Just know that if you do, the team’s gonna come around. Their gonna see that you’re a good guy and a hell of a player.  
 Lucas: And if I can’t?  
 Jake: Then I got your back.  
 Cut to:  
 EXT. The Docks - Night  
 Haley and Lucas are walking side-by-side.  
 Haley: They trashed the court?  
 Lucas: Yep.  
 Haley: What else?  
 Lucas: [Sighs] Broke into my locker, soaked my stuff. I don’t know, Hales, I don’t know how much longer I can put up with this.  
 Haley: Do you think they’re gonna, like, let up anytime soon?  
 Lucas: [Laughs] No chance. And you want to know why?  
 Haley: Why?  
 Lucas: Because Nathan controls the team. And there’s no way in hell he’s gonna back off. What are you thinking?  
 They stop and face each other.  
 Haley: This weird thing happened at the tutoring center. It’s not important, nevermind.  
 Lucas: Are you sure?  
 Haley: Yeah. Mm-Hmm. Are we still going to go to the movie tomorrow night?  
 Lucas: Yeah. Sounds like fun.  
 Haley: Okay, cool. Luke, how far do you think he’s really gonna go. Nathan?  
 Lucas: [Sighs] I don’t know. As far as he wants to go until somebody stops him.  
 Cut to:  
 INT. School Hallway - Day  
 Peyton grabs a sketch of hers that somebody left sticking out of her locker. It’s the ‘They Are Not You’ poster. Peyton looks around to see if the person is still there, but no such luck.  
 Cut to:  
 INT. Classroom - Day  
 Haley is working on her studies when she looks back at Nathan and again at her desk, thinking hard.  
 Cut to:  
 INT. Karen’s Café - Day  
 Karen is serving a customer when she sees two booster mothers walk by outside the café.  
 Cut to:  
 EXT. Basketball Court/Playground - Evening  
 Lucas is sweeping up the garbage. He takes a piece of cardboard and carries all the garbage over to a garbage can.  
 Cut to:  
 INT. School Gym  
 Nathan overlooks Lucas with jealousy as he gets yet another shot in the net, and Durham congratulates him.  
 [Indistinct Talking]  
 Cut to:  
 EXT. Outside Movie Theater - Night  
 Haley paces, checking her watch. She paces out of the screen, and we see Lucas walking up the street to the theater. A van pulls up behind him. Two teammates run up behind Lucas as he turns toward the van. They grab him, force him into the van and drive off.  
 Tim: Hey, Luke. Lets go, lets go! Get him in! Get him in!  
 ACT IV  
 EXT. Stream - Night  
 Nathan drives up the van and two guys force Lucas out of the car, pulling a bag off his head in the meantime. Lucas struggles to get free but the push him into the stream. Nathan walks up as Lucas stands up, very angry, and frees his hands.  
 Nathan: Well, well. The gang’s all here. I told you it was gonna get worse. Now, see, normally this is when you become part of the team. We’d have a keg, tell some war stories… but you had to know that wasn’t going to happen, right? Look… these guys made a choice to back me. But we’re going to be nice, and we’re going to let you walk away. Just quit the team, man. Otherwise, it’s going to get ugly. Let’s get out of here.  
 Tim: (mock) Bye, Luke.  
 The guys all go back into the van and drive off, leaving a very angry Lucas standing there.  
 Cut to:  
 INT. Lucas’ House - Night  
 Karen is sitting down in her robe when Lucas walks in.  
 Karen: Hey, where you been?  
 Lucas: Nowhere.  
 Karen: What happened to you?  
 Lucas: I had a little run-in with the team.  
 Karen: Luke, I’m sorry this is so hard for you. I wish there was a way that I could help, but I don’t think there is.  
 Lucas: There’s not.  
 Karen: Well, if it makes you feel any better, I called some woman a @#%$ the other day.  
 Lucas: [Laughs]  
 Karen: I’m proud of you. You know that? Sometimes I wonder where you get all your strength.  
 Lucas: I get that from you.  
 Karen: Oh, I don’t know about that. I haven’t been on my best behavior lately.  
 Lucas: Well, they don’t make it easy, do they?  
 Karen: No, they don’t. That doesn’t mean we have to sink to their level.  
 Lucas: Take the high road, huh? Yeah, sounds familiar. But, mom, I tried that. And I want to make you proud, I do. But there comes a certain point when you have to fight back. And I’m at that point.  
 Cut to:  
 INT. School Gym  
 The team is in the middle of a practice game.  
 [Indistinct talking]  
 Lucas: Ball! Ball! Ball! Over here! Ball!  
 Tim won’t pass Lucas the ball, so he runs up and takes it from him and makes the shot. Tim slams him, so Lucas slams him back.  
 Tim: What the hell was that?  
 [Whistle Blows]  
 Jake keeps them apart as Coach Durham approaches.  
 Durham: Here! Second team!  
 Tim: But he stole the ball from his own team!  
 Durham: But nothing! That guy has hit seven in a row and you won’t pass him to ball! (to Lucas) And you! This is a team game. If you guys don’t get your heads out of your asses, I might be forced to suspend my second team this season. Go home! (walks away)  
 Jake: (to Lucas) So much for the high road, huh?  
 Lucas: [Laughs]  
 Cut to:  
 EXT. School Steps - Day  
 Haley is finishing her homework and when Lucas walks up she puts it down and stands up.  
 Lucas: Hey!  
 Haley: Hey.  
 Lucas: I tried to call you about last night-  
 Haley: No, it’s okay. You’re mom told me what happened. Are you all right? I was really worried about you.  
 Lucas: Yeah, I know, and I’m sorry.  
 Haley: Luke, I just want things to get better for you.  
 Lucas: Trust me, so do I.  
 Haley: They’re not going to, are they?  
 Lucas: Well, not without a fight.  
 Haley is about to cry, when Lucas hugs her.  
 Lucas: Hey, hey, hey. I’ll find a way to get past this. Don’t worry about it.  
 They hug for a moment, and then Haley pulls away and grabs her books.  
 Haley: You know what? Um, I need to do something. I will see you tomorrow for Burning Boat, okay?  
 Lucas: Okay.  
 Haley: Okay.  
 Haley begins walking down the steps but turns around.  
 Haley: Uh, sorry. I’m sorry too.  
 Lucas: For what?  
 Haley: I’ll see you tomorrow.  
 Haley walks away.  
 Cut to:  
 EXT. Outside Nathan’s House - Night  
 Haley walks up to the start of the pathway, sighs, and walks up to the door to knock. Nathan answers.  
 Nathan: Hey.  
 Haley: Hey. I looked over your English exam, and if you really want to learn, I can help you.  
 Nathan: That’s great. All right.  
 Haley: I just… I have two conditions. One, Lucas does not find out, okay? Ever.  
 Nathan: All right, fine.  
 Haley: And number two, you leave him alone.  
 Nathan: Well, I don’t really have much of a choice, do I?  
 Haley: Okay, um-Meet me tomorrow, 7AM at the Market Street dock.  
 Nathan: Well, what about the tutoring center?  
 Haley: No way. The dock. Take it or leave it.  
 Nathan: Okay. 7:00 then.  
 Haley: Okay. (walk away)  
 Nathan smiles and closes the door.  
 Cut to:  
 EXT. Market Street Dock - Morning  
 Haley already has her books out and is studying when Nathan walks up.  
 Nathan: Breakfast of champions. Want some?  
 Haley: You’re late.  
 Nathan: [Sighs]  
 Nathan takes off his backpack, sits down and opens up a cracker jack box, taking out a small package.  
 Nathan: Ugh, please let this be a cheat sheet.  
 Nathan takes a tacky bracelet out of the package.  
 Nathan: It’s for you.  
 Haley: Stop it.  
 Nathan: Come on.  
 Haley: [Sigh]  
 Nathan puts the bracelet on her.  
 Nathan: Don’t say I never gave you anything.  
 Haley: (showing the book) Do you see this book? Because this book is me. I am math.  
 Nathan: What’s that supposed to mean?  
 Haley: It’s supposed to mean that you can work your whole "I’m Nathan Scott, Mr. Big shot, scoring my touchdowns" on somebody else, because I don’t-  
 Nathan: I don’t even play football.  
 Haley: Whatever. Look, the point is at the end of the day, all your bluster and BS don’t mean anything to math because math don’t care, and neither do I.  
 Nathan: Well, does English care? ‘Cause I really suck at that, too.  
 Haley: Please don’t waste my time. I am already taking a huge chance on you because my instincts are screaming that you’re full of sh-  
 Nathan: [Laughs]  
 Haley: Let’s just get started, okay? (hands him the book) Page 81.  
 Cut to:  
 INT. THUD Magazine - Day  
 Peyton slides an overhead print of her comic strip onto the table and Jeff Nelson looks up at her.  
 Jeff: Hey.  
 Peyton: This is who I am. This is how I am. And 95% of the time there isn’t a moral, or a victory, or a silver lining. Take it or leave it.  
 Jeff: And if we leave it.  
 Peyton: If you leave it then you’ll miss that other 5%. Your mistake. (walks away)  
 Cut to:  
 EXT. Burning Boat Festival Stage - Night  
 Whitey Durham is addressing the crowd.  
 Whitey: Good evening. Usually the master of ceremonies at this deal is Red Legner. But, uh, well… Red died, so what are you gonna do? Now, every year we have a Burning Boat, and every year people find things to toss into it. I guess if everything was perfect, we wouldn’t be human. [Continues indistinct]  
 Cut to:  
 EXT. Behind Burning Boat - Night  
 Lucas and Karen walk up to the boat.  
 Karen: Well, time to let the past go.  
 Karen throws her old cheerleading sweater into the boat. [Laughter] is heard as Shari and two other booster members walk up.  
 Karen: Shari!  
 Shari: Karen.  
 Karen: I, uh, just wanted to introduce you to my son, Lucas. Lucas, this is Shari, Tim’s mother.  
 Shari: Stepmother.  
 They shake hands.  
 Lucas: Nice to meet you. (to Karen) I’m gonna take off, okay?  
 Karen: Okay. You be careful.  
 Lucas: I will. (walks away)  
 Karen: [Clears throat] Look, I’m sorry about what I said before. Because-let’s face it-it’s been a long time. We really don’t know each other anymore. But I want to give you the benefit of the doubt so that next time we meet, at least I’ll be dealing with the person you’ve become. And I hope you’ll do the same.  
 Cut to:  
 EXT. Burning Boat Stage - Night  
 Whitey: I guess, uh, it’s not every day that we get a shot at starting over and putting our feet on the right path. That said, I guess we better get to the rat killing.  
 [Crowd cheers and applauds] as a torch lights up the boat. We see a close-up of Karen’s sweater burning.  
 Cut to:  
 EXT. Burning Boat Crowd - Night  
 Lucas: Say "good bye" to cheerleading, mom.  
 Brooke walks up next to Lucas.  
 Brooke: So, you my date tonight, Luke?  
 Lucas: You know, Brooke, you don’t have to act like this.  
 Brooke: I know that. But you’re the first guy to ever say it. You do your thing and, um, try to resist. It’s actually kind of cute. (walks away)  
 Lucas grabs his backpack and walks up the steps, facing Nathan. He throws a green spray paint bottle at him.  
 Lucas: You left that at the court.  
 Nathan: I don’t know what you’re talking about.  
 Lucas: Then call it a gift. Besides, you’re gonna need it to paint over your scoring title in the gym, ‘cause I’m taking it.  
 Tim: Yeah, in your dreams.  
 Lucas: I don’t care what you do to me. Whatever you got, you better bring it, ‘cause I’m not going anywhere.  
 Lucas hands Nathan the bag and rope that was used against him at the stream.  
 Lucas: Burn these for me, would you? (walks away)  
 Cut to:  
 EXT. Picnic Table  
 Lucas: (V.O.) E.E. Cummings once wrote, "To be nobody but yourself, in a world which is doing its best, day and night, to make you everybody else…"  
 Haley is sitting alone on a picnic table looking over the river at the Burning Boat when Lucas walks up and sits next to her.  
 Lucas: Hey.  
 Haley: Hey.  
 Lucas: (V.O.) "…means to fight the hardest battle, which any human being can fight…"  
 Lucas: Nice bracelet.  
 Haley: [Uncomfortable Laugh]  
 Lucas: (V.O.) "…and never stop fighting."  
 Cut to:  
 INT. Peyton’s Bedroom - Night  
 Close-up of the phone. The phone rings. We pan over the phone, the answering machine and some sketches.  
 Jeff: (V.O.) Hey, it’s Jeff Nelson. I just wanted to let you know, we’re running your strip in the next issue.  
 [Beep]  
 Cut to:  
 EXT. Picnic Table - Night  
 Lucas: Where were you this morning?  
 Haley: Uh, just tutoring.  
 Lucas: Oh, yeah? Anyone I know?  
 Haley: (hesitates) No. (smiles)  
 The two look over at the Burning Boat. We back up to behind them, and just see their backs as they watch the boat together. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 