Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x12 - Crash Course in Polite Conversations - One Tree Hill 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x12 - Crash Course in Polite Conversations https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=121&t=8104 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/17/04 07:50 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x12 - Crash Course in Polite Conversations 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [Peyton’s Room]  
 (Talking to her dad via web cam)  
 MR. SAWYER: Hey, honey.  
 PEYTON: Hey, dad. What’s going on with the unibomber look?  
 MR. SAWYER: I was going for George Clooney  
 PEYTON: Go further.  
 MR. SAWYER: That’s right you’re not used to seeing me like this. See when I’m on the job I usually let it grow then I shave it off right before I come home. Kind of a ritual for me.  
 PEYTON: Well make sure you find a razor day after tomorrow  
 MR. SAWYER: And after that, I’m gonna be shaving a lot more often.  
 PEYTON: Okay  
 MR. SAYWER: Hey Brooke, Hey rake boy. (Peyton looks behind her as they walk in) I see nobody uses the doorbell still.  
 BROOKE: Papa Peyton, the scruffy thing’s working for you.  
 MR SAWYER: What are you guys up to so early?  
 BROOKE: I don’t know. Peyton just asked us…  
 PEYTON: Oh no, you know what? You’ll find out when you get home.  
 MR SAWYER: Not even a little hint?  
 PEYTON: Uh Uh. Not even. I love you  
 (Brooke Waves Bye)  
 MR SAWYER: You better. Love you too, honey.  
 PEYTON: Bye. (Turns off camera and stands up)  
 BROOKE: So what’s the surprise?  
 PEYTON: I need your help with something. Come on.  
 (She walks out and the others follow)  
 [Peyton’s Driveway]  
 (Peyton pulls a cover off an old red car)  
 LUCAS: (whistles) Damn that’s nice. Is this your dads?  
 PEYTON: Yeah, he hasn’t driven it in like a year though. Do you think you can get it to run?  
 BROOKE: Of course he can. And he’s going to look good doing it too in a tight little wife beater, maybe some grease smudges.  
 (Lucas pops the hood)  
 PEYTON: And I was thinking maybe you could help me wash and wax it.  
 BROOKE: Glad to help  
 PEYTON: I just want to do something nice for him. Since he’s coming home.  
 LUCAS: Alright, I’ll go get my tools.  
 [Nathan’s house]  
 (Door bell rings, Nathan answers)  
 MAY: Surprise!  
 ROYAL: You answer the door in your underwear?  
 NATHAN: Grandma, Grandpa. What are you guys doing here?  
 DEB: (Walking to the door) Royal, May, oh what a surprise.  
 ROYAL: Well thanks for the warm welcome. (To May) I told you this ambush was a bad idea.  
 MAY: He’s dragging me to another one of those auto conventions.  
 ROYAL: Nobody’s dragging anybody anywhere.  
 MAY: I told him that the only way I’d go is if we came by here for Danny’s birthday.  
 DEB: Oh, Dan’s birthday, of course.  
 NATHAN: Yeah  
 ROYAL: Well you going to leave us standing out here all morning freezing our asses off?  
 DEB: Oh…  
 NATHAN: Come on in.  
 MAY: Kiss Granny.  
 ROYAL: Looks like you put on a few there, Deb. It looks good on you.  
 [Dan Scott Motors]  
 (Deb catches Dan walking inside)  
 DEB: Dan.  
 DAN: You remembered. I’m touched.  
 DEB: Oh I’m not here to wish you a happy birthday. But your parents are.  
 DAN: What?  
 DEB: Yeah they showed up at the house. Apparently you never told them that you’re not living there right now.  
 DAN: How’d they take it?  
 DEB: You think I told them? I’m not going to be on the receiving end of that. That’s your job.  
 DAN: Well how long are they here?  
 DEB: Just tonight. But it gets better. Your mother is cooking you a big birthday dinner.  
 DAN: Oh perfect. Alright so what are we going to do?  
 DEB: We are not going to do anything. You are going to go to the house right now, and tell them we’re separated.  
 DAN: No, we’re doing the counseling. We can work this thing out right? Isn’t that the whole point?  
 DEB: It is.  
 DAN: Well you know how they are. DO you really want them weighing in on the state of our marriage? Do you remember when we told them we weren’t going to have any more kids? How many times did my dad call you? And now you don’t even have the option of hanging up on him.  
 DEB: Go on, Dan. Just say it.  
 DAN: We go through the motions tonight. Get it over with. Send them on their way. Go back to working on us. Besides, it might do us some good to try and remember what its like to be a normal family.  
 DEB: Fine, just for tonight.  
 DAN: Just for tonight.  
 (Deb walks out)  
 [Karen’s Café]  
 (Haley is working when Royal walks in)  
 HALEY: Good morning, Sir. Table or counter?  
 ROYAL: Um, actually, I’m looking for Karen.  
 HALEY: Oh you know what? She’s in Italy right now. Cooking school.  
 ROYAL: Good for her. (smiles) How’s that boy of hers doing?  
 HALEY: Lucas is great. She calls in every once and a while. You want me to leave a message?  
 ROYAL: No that’s alright. I’ll just catch her the next time I’m passing through.  
 HALEY: Ok, can I tell her who stopped by? Mr…  
 ROYAL: Just an old friend. (leaves the café)  
 (Deb comes out from the back after seeing Royal there)  
 [Peyton’s driveway]  
 (Lucas is sitting in the car working on it, Brooke is leaning in the passenger’s window)  
 LUCAS: Well, it’s not the battery. It’s probably the starter.  
 BROOKE: Well you can fix that right?  
 LUCAS: Yeah, it shouldn’t be a problem. (Brooke gets in next to him) It’s an amazing car.  
 BROOKE: It’s an amazing guy. (Pulls him in by the necklace for a kiss)  
 LUCAS: Is that what you got me in this thing for? (Brooke nods) Yeah… (they keep kissing and get out when Peyton comes outside) I was, just getting started.  
 BROOKE: Sadly, so was I. (Sees Peyton’s worried) What’s wrong?  
 PEYTON: I’m just worried about my dad.  
 [Peyton’s bedroom]  
 PEYTON: Okay I just checked online and now they’re saying it’s a category 3 hurricane  
 LUCAS: Alright and you already checked on the web cam right?  
 PEYTON: Yeah its out.  
 BROOKE: Well maybe he turned it off.  
 PEYTON: Or the storm did it for him.  
 LUCAS: Yeah but storms knock that kind of thing out all the time right? Anyway, aren’t dredging boats huge?  
 PEYTON: He wouldn’t be on the dredging boat. Right now, if there’s a storm headed his way, he’d be on this little tiny transport heading back to shore and that’s what worries me.  
 LUCAS: Okay, Peyton, just stop. Don’t do this to yourself, alright? Just because he hasn’t checked in doesn’t mean something’s happened.  
 PEYTON: Doesn’t mean it hasn’t either.  
 [on the streets]  
 (Haley and Nathan are walking past shops)  
 HALEY: So this dinner thing’s gonna be pretty bad huh?  
 NATHAN: Massacre. My Grandma’s okay. It’s just my Grandpa’s pretty intense. You’ve met my dad. Just imagine where he comes from.  
 HALEY: Scary.  
 NATHAN: Yeah. You should come tonight. Maybe it will make everybody behave.  
 HALEY: (laughs) I’ll come if you want me to.  
 NATHAN: No, I wasn’t serious. I wouldn’t put you through that.  
 HALEY: No I mean, if you’re asking, of course my answer’s yes.  
 NATHAN: Well, then I’m asking.  
 HALEY: Well then I’m coming.  
 [Dan Scott Motors]  
 (Dan walking in the showroom with a customer)  
 DAN: Let me get this right, the charcoal finish, custom leather package, and what you want is a champaign interior.  
 (Royal walks in)  
 ROYAL: I’m here to see the manager.  
 DAN: (to customer) Excuse me  
 ROYAL: Hey fellow, you ought to know who you’re doing business with.  
 CUSTOMER: Is there a problem?  
 ROYAL: Well you’re buying from Dan Scott. Basketball legend. Still holds the all time scoring record for Tree Hill. Made all-state his Senior year.  
 CUSTOMER: No kidding.  
 ROYAL: No kidding  
 DAN: (to customer, pointing at Royal) My dad.  
 CUSTOMER: I figured. You play college too?  
 ROYAL: Would have, but he blew his knee out in his freshman year. He got robbed. Would have been one of the greats.  
 DAN: Dad, Mr. Miller’s really not interested. (To Mr. Miller) I’ll tell you what, meet me in my office. Ok? I’ll be right in.  
 CUSTOMER: Yea.  
 DAN: Champaign interior, right? Alright.  
 ROYAL: What? Somebody’s got to brag on you. And you’re not going to close that sale without your old mans help you know that, don’t you?  
 DAN: You know you always were my biggest promoter.  
 ROYAL: Yeah well. (Hits Dan in the stomach and feels his abs) Hey still in shape. Good for you.  
 [Nathan’s house]  
 (Dan and Deb in the dinning room before dinner)  
 DAN: Oh you’re home. Listen I called Nathan. I told him not to Dad that he’s not going to practice.  
 DEB: You mean that he quit the team?  
 DAN: You know what I mean. I also told Keith to avoid the subject.  
 DEB: Any other lies I should remember to tell?  
 DAN: I’m trying to protect our son from my father, okay?  
 DEB: You don’t even see the irony do you?  
 (May walks in)  
 DAN: Mom, you look beautiful as ever.  
 MAY: God bless you for a liar.  
 DAN: When I compliment you, you call me a liar.  
 MAY: You look tired.  
 (Royal comes in)  
 ROYAL: Hey, son, what’s the deal? No more Charlotte hornets?  
 DAN: Yeah New Orleans can have them. You think they have playoffs hope?  
 ROYAL: No, no.  
 MAY: No sports talk  
 ROYAL: Oh come on. (doorbell rings) Yes ma’am. (Starts to sit at the head of the table; Dan coughs and gestures at the seat next to it) I just became head of the table then huh?  
 (Keith enters)  
 MAY: Keith!  
 KEITH: (hugs May) You look great.  
 ROYAL: Well look what the cat dragged in.  
 KEITH: It’s good to see you too, dad. (Shakes his hand) Happy birthday, Danny.  
 DAN: Yeah thanks. (Shack hands)  
 MAY: Come on, have a seat. Dinner is almost ready. (Keith kisses Deb on the cheek)  
 KEITH: Hey Deb.  
 MAY: Danny will you pour some wine please?  
 DAN: I’m on it.  
 KEITH: Amen to that. Uh, listen mom, we’re going to need another place setting, I invited a guest.  
 MAY: A date! Oh my goodness, well you get that chair over there…  
 (Nathan and Haley walk in)  
 NATHAN: Grandpa, Grandma, this is Haley.  
 ROYAL: Oh Haley.  
 HALEY: Hi.  
 ROYAL: Nice to meet you. (shaking her hand)  
 HALEY: Nice to meet you too. (Both of them obviously recognizing each other from the café; Deb looks nervous about them too)  
 ROYAL: Well, Nathan, you’re looking more and more like your old man every day. We all know where he gets his good looks don’t we? Well come on in. You sit right here next to me, hun. (Pulls a chair out for Haley)  
 HALEY: Thank You.  
 (doorbell rings)  
 MAY: I’ll get it. (laughs as Whitey walks in. He hugs her)  
 ROYAL: Oh my goodness, Whitey! Good to see you.  
 WHITEY: Good evening everybody. Sorry I’m late. (continues to talk to Royal in the background)  
 NATHAN: (silently to Haley) Glad you came?  
 HALEY: Yeah.  
 [Peyton’s driveway; night]  
 (Lucas is working under the hood and Brooke is sitting in the drivers seat)  
 LUCAS: Alright, try it again. (Brooke starts the engine. They laugh, excited that it works)  
 BROOKE: We got power!  
 LUCAS: Whooo  
 BROOKE: Peyton, come check it out. (Peyton walks out looking very upset; Brooke gets out of the car) What is it?  
 PEYTON: I just got a phone call. Um, it’s the storm. My dad’s transport is missing. There were three guys on it. They recovered a body.  
 LUCAS: What’d they tell you?  
 PEYTON: I have to go see if it’s him. (everyone is shocked)  
 [Inside Peyton’s house]  
 LUCAS: Alright you sure you shouldn’t call your Grandma?  
 PEYTON: No she’d freak out. I’d rather not upset her. Besides its not going to be my dad.  
 BROOKE: Of course its not  
 PEYTON: Let’s go ahead and get this over with. We have a 4 hour drive ahead of us.  
 BROOKE: A 4 hour drive into a storm?  
 PEYTON: Well the storms passing through. By the time we get there it should be gone.  
 LUCAS: Okay wait a second. Shouldn’t somebody stay here by the phone? I mean incase your dad calls.  
 BROOKE: I will. You go with Peyton.  
 LUCAS: You sure?  
 BROOKE: Yeah. Lucas you’re good in crisis, not that there’s going to be one. But I would probably end up falling apart and you’d end up taking care of me which is not the point, so… (To Peyton) I love you. (Hugs her) It’s going to be okay. (To Lucas) You’re the best. (kisses him; Peyton and Lucas walk out the front door) I’ll call you guys if I hear anything.  
 
 
 
 [Nathan’s house]  
 ROYAL: So, how’s the team doing this year, Whitey?  
 DAN: Oh we’re still undefeated actually. Dad, you still rooting for the Magic these days?  
 MAY: Please! No talk of sports until after dinner, okay?  
 DAN: Good idea mom. Sorry.  
 ROYAL: Well, Nathan, what are you averaging these days? You know your dad had 27 and a half a game. You beat that yet?  
 MAY: Royal, we just said…  
 ROYAL: I’m asking the boy a question, May.  
 NATHAN: Uh well maybe you should ask the old man.  
 DAN: 24 points a game I think, isn’t it?  
 ROYAL: So, 24 a game huh? You’re gonna have to get that up if you’re going to beat the old man. Yeah your dads star would have risen through the roof at Carolina if it wasn’t for that damn knee of his. How’re your knees?  
 NATHAN: No worries  
 HALEY: Oh he’s got great knees.  
 (everyone laughs)  
 ROYAL: uh huh. Of course Danny takes after his old man. Never let adversity stop him. Too bad Keith takes after his mothers side of the family.  
 MAY: Lucky for him  
 KEITH: I’d drink to that, but I have to get a refill.  
 MAY: Well I should see about the cake.  
 HALEY: I’ll go do that, Mrs. Scott. (to Nathan) Want to come help?  
 NATHAN: Yeah, the cake, right.  
 (Haley and Nathan go into the Kitchen)  
 NATHAN: I warned you, it was going to be intense.  
 HALEY: Oh, insane is more like it.  
 NATHAN: You know there’s a door right there. We could sneak out, nobody would even notice.  
 HALEY: Tempting. Um, so how often do your grandparents come into town?  
 NATHAN: Couple times a year. Why? (Haley just nods) Haley, you’ve got that look.  
 HALEY: What look?  
 NATHAN: The look you get when you want to tell me something but you don’t really want to tell me.  
 HALEY: No I don’t, and you shouldn’t know that look yet.  
 NATHAN: What is it?  
 HALEY: Your grandfather came by the café today. And he asked for Karen.  
 NATHAN: He did?  
 HALEY: Yeah. I just kind of got the feeling like they’ve been keeping in touch.  
 NATHAN: Does Lucas know?  
 HALEY: No, they’ve never even met. But your grandfather asked about him.  
 NATHAN: That doesn’t make any sense. My grandpa acts like my dad’s a second coming, why would he visit Karen?  
 HALEY: I don’t know, I don’t want to start anything, I’m just telling you.  
 NATHAN: You know what? My family’s so screwed up, nothing new would make a difference right now. Don’t worry about it.  
 [Lucas and Peyton in the car]  
 LUCAS: You warm enough?  
 PEYTON: I’m okay. I should probably get the heater fixed in here huh?  
 LUCAS: You know I could have Keith take a look at it for you. I mean he’s really good at that stuff. You want me to stop and get some coffee?  
 PEYTON: I’m fine. Thanks. Thanks for doing this for me, Luke.  
 LUCAS: It’s what friends are for right?  
 PEYTON: Yeah  
 (They get to a draw bridge that is up with police and reflection barriers on it)  
 PEYTON: Now what?  
 (They stop and get out)  
 LUCAS: (to a worker) What’s going on?  
 WORKER: Bridge is up cause of the storm. It’ll be open in the morning.  
 PEYTON: Alright we have an emergency, we have to get across the bridge.  
 WORKER: I’m sorry Miss but it’s not safe.  
 LUCAS: Okay, um, is there another way through?  
 WORKER: Only the ferries, but the channel’s too rough so they’re not running.  
 PEYTON: Well what are we supposed to do?  
 WORKER: Hopefully they’ll be able to open the bridge in the morning. 6 a.m. There’s a motel right down the road. Might want to grab yourselves a room before they’re all gone.  
 [Nathan’s house]  
 (Dan’s blowing out candles)  
 ROYAL: There you go! (every applauds when he finishes) So, Nate. How’s your game this year?  
 MAY: Here we go again.  
 ROYAL: Just cover your ears, May, I just want to know how my grandson’s doing on the team.  
 DAN: Well I already told you, dad.  
 ROYAL: No you didn’t, you didn’t tell me jack. And every time I mention it you change the damn subject. Now will somebody around here tell me what’s going on? Nathan? Whitey? Anybody?  
 WHITEY: Nathan I think you better take this one.  
 NATHAN: I quit the team, alright?  
 ROYAL: You quit the…what do you mean you quit the team?  
 DAN: He didn’t quit the team dad, he’s just taking some time off.  
 DEB: No, he’s not. Please stop lying, Dan.  
 ROYAL: Were you ever going to tell me this? I mean that’s a hell of a thing to keep to yourself.  
 NATHAN: Yeah you’re one to talk.  
 ROYAL: What’s that supposed to mean?  
 NATHAN: I know you visit Karen at the café, alright? What’s that about?  
 HALEY: Nathan!  
 ROYAL: That’s none of your damn business. (looking at Haley) I guess somebody’s got a big mouth.  
 NATHAN: You shut up, Grandpa  
 ROYAL: Don’t you talk to me like that.  
 DEB: Back off, Royal. I’ve had enough of your crap. Nathan is not the problem.  
 MAY: Would someone please explain?  
 DEB: Dan has been riding Nathan for the past 6 years about that damn game.  
 DAN: Deb stop.  
 DEB: Riding him so hard, that Nathan took drugs so that he could measure up.  
 ROYAL: Drugs?  
 DEB: Until he had to be rushed to the hospital. He could have died because of this insane pressure to put a ball through a hoop. But none of that is my sons fault, Royal. It’s your sons.  
 MAY: Danny. You of all people. How dare you! You know how much you hated it when your daddy bullied you to be better.  
 ROYAL: I never bullied him.  
 MAY: And when you wanted a way out, I gave you one. All these years. I protected you. I lied for you. And now you’re doing the same thing to your son?  
 ROYAL: What lie? What are you talking about?  
 MAY: In college. His knee injury. It wasn’t permanent. Danny quit. And I helped him.  
 (everyone in shock)  
 ROYAL: What do you mean he quit?  
 DAN: It’s not like that, dad.  
 MAY: Oh stop it, Dan. It’s time the truth came out.  
 ROYAL: Will somebody tell me what in knee hell is going on here?  
 MAY: You were on the road when Danny hurt his knee. So we lied.  
 ROYAL: You told me it was degenerative knee condition…  
 DAN: It was Dad, it was..  
 ROYAL: You looked me in the eye and told me that.  
 MAY: Don’t you see Royal? He was never going to be the star that you wanted him to be. You just couldn’t see that. The boy had two choices. To fail in front of you or to quit. Either way he lost.  
 ROYAL: So you just quit. Without even being man enough to own up to it.  
 DAN: There’s more to the story, dad. (Royal gets up from the table angry) You don’t know the whole story!  
 ROYAL: I’ve had enough  
 NATHAN: Me too. Come on, Haley. I’ll take you home  
 HALEY: Thanks for dinner.  
 WHITEY: Well I can show myself out. Thank you, May, Deb. Happy Birthday, Danny. (Leaves)  
 MAY: Danny, don’t you…  
 DAN: Why? (leaves the table)  
 MAY: Well, I guess I’ll do the dishes.  
 [Motel room]  
 (Peyton and Lucas come in out of the rain)  
 PEYTON: Alright lets just try to get some sleep, then we’ll be at the bridge as soon as it opens up. What did he say? 6 a.m.?  
 LUCAS: We’ll be there at 5. (Peyton does a small laugh) What?  
 PEYTON: We’re in a hurry to find out if my dad’s dead. It’s just kind of surreal.  
 LUCAS: Yeah, it’s pretty messed up.  
 PEYTON: You know how in dreams, you’re always trying to get to some place you need to be but you never really get there?  
 LUCAS: yeah  
 PEYTON: I wish I could wake up.  
 LUCAS: Maybe we should try to get some sleep. You think you can? (Peyton nods) Okay. (notices only one bed) I’ll just sleep on the floor, alright?  
 PEYTON: Don’t be stupid  
 (Lucas turns off the light and they lie down)  
 LUCAS: Look, Peyton. I just wish there was something I could do, or say to help you through this.  
 PEYTON: You already have. Thanks Lucas.  
 LUCAS: Goodnight.  
 (They both just stare at the ceiling)  
 [Outside Haley’s house]  
 NATHAN: Sorry you had to see that  
 HALEY: Oh it’s okay. It helped me understand you.  
 NATHAN: You know, growing up, there were just certain things that were just carved into stone. And the main one was that Dan Scott would have been a pro if he didn’t blow out his knee. So, all this time, he just has been feeding me this line of crap about how great he would have been. And how I’d never be as good as him. @#%$.  
 HALEY: At least you know the truth though, right?  
 NATHAN: I just don’t know what to do with it.  
 HALEY: Okay, goodnight. (hugs him)  
 NATHAN: Goodnight.  
 HALEY: I’m here if you need me, okay? (kisses his cheek and starts to go inside)  
 NATHAN: Hey, remember how I said “My family’s so screwed up, nothing new would make a difference”?  
 HALEY: Yeah  
 NATHAN: I was wrong (smiles at her then walks to his car)  
 [Nathan’s house]  
 (Nathan knocks and goes into his dad’s office)  
 DAN: You want to hear my side of it?  
 NATHAN: Why should I believe it? This whole time you’ve been riding me you’ve known exactly the way I feel. Now that that’s in my head it just makes it that much worse.  
 DAN: I was a great player, Nathan. In high school. But when I got to Carolina, I knew it wasn’t going to be the same. My dad couldn’t see it though. It was hard on your grandmother too. So when I got hurt. She came to me and pleaded with me to walk away. She said it would be better for all of us. So I did. Worst decision of my life. It felt good to get out from underneath my father. And after a while I realized I wasn’t playing for him at all. The game meant the world to me. I just never took the time to stand back and realize that. So I tried to get back into it. Rehab, running, weights. But it was too late. My knee never responded. It was over for me.  
 NATHAN: So you think that somehow gives you the right to hammer me all the time.  
 DAN: I know I push you. I know I’m hard on you. But I’m trying to save you from a life of regret. And Trust me, you don’t want it.  
 NATHAN: So then you make me feel like crap all the time. That really helps, dad.  
 DAN: I could have been stronger. But I push you so you will be. So things will end up better for you than they did for me.  
 NATHAN: Then you’re safe, dad. There’s no way I’m ever going to end up like you. (he leaves the room)  
 [Motel Room]  
 (Peyton’s playing with a bracelet)  
 LUCAS: Hey.  
 PEYTON: Hey  
 LUCAS: What you got?  
 PEYTON: (Reading the engraving) ‘To my heart, love Dad’ He gave it to me on my last birthday. What if it’s him Lucas?  
 LUCAS: It’s not gonna be  
 PEYTON: Cause I don’t know what I’d do.  
 LUCAS: It’s going to be okay  
 PEYTON: I just keep trying to picture walking into that room and seeing him lying there. But I hit a wall. Why does it seem like every time things are finally going to be okay, something terrible happens?  
 LUCAS: You don’t know that it has. Keep him close to your heart, Peyton. Get some sleep, okay?  
 (Peyton turns to face the other way. Lucas keeps looking at her)  
 [Deb and Dan in the living room]  
 (Dan walks in with pillows and blankets)  
 DAN: You can sleep in the bedroom, I’ll stay out here tonight.  
 DEB: Has it ever once bothered your conscience that our entire relationship is based on your lie? When you were forced to walk away because of your so-called injury, I dropped out too.  
 DAN: We both dropped out to raise Nathan. Don’t rewrite history.  
 DEB: Oh so you’re the only one who can play that game? I thought I knew the man I was choosing to spend my life with.  
 DAN: The injury was real, Deb. And yes, I decided not to rehab it, at first. By the time I changed my mind it was too late. I did it in service to you and Nathan. Now I know how you’d hold it against me for not telling you, but did you ever think that maybe I did it... to protect you from it all?  
 DEB: If that’s what you need to believe.  
 DAN: It’s the truth.  
 DEB: The truth. In this house? (leaves the room)  
 [Motel room]  
 (Lucas walks in with food)  
 PEYTON: What’s all this?  
 LUCAS: Oh, sorry I didn’t mean to wake you.  
 PEYTON: I wasn’t asleep  
 LUCAS: I hit the vending machines. Hungry? (throws her a soda) You should probably eat something.  
 PEYTON: After my mom died, my dad couldn’t cook. So, we lived on frozen pizzas for the longest time. I could live on pizza. He’d buy these cheese pizzas, and then put his own toppings on. Pickles, bologna, pineapple, whatever.  
 LUCAS: That’s nasty.  
 PEYTON: No actually they were really good. I think he did it mostly just to make me laugh. You know it would help me forget for a little bit.  
 (Alarm clock goes off; 4:45)  
 LUCAS: You ready?  
 PEYTON: No. Let’s go.  
 (they both leave.. don't take any of the food)  
 [Scott Kitchen-morning]  
 DEB: Morning  
 MAY: Morning. Scrambled or fried? What do you think?  
 DEB: I think nobody’s going to be that hungry.  
 MAY: I’m glad you stood up to Royal the way you did, Deb. I didn’t mean to hurt Dan but, this lying over the years has gotten so tiresome I did what I thought I had to do to save my son.  
 DEB: That’s what we do. I’m glad you spoke up.  
 (Dan walks in)  
 MAY: Dan. Son, you know, someday you’re going to realize I did you a favor. Your daddy’s going to get over this eventually. But if you let history repeat itself, your son may not.  
 DAN: I’m going for a run.  
 MAY: Oh well. I think I’ll scramble the eggs.  
 DEB: Yeah  
 [Scott House]  
 (Nathan coming downstairs passed Royal)  
 ROYAL: Listen, Nathan, whatever you’re going through, I’m sorry about your dad.  
 NATHAN: I understand why he did it, grandpa. He must have really loved you, you know that? Cause anything seemed better than disappointing you.  
 [Coroner’s Office]  
 (Peyton, Lucas and a doctor stand next to the body under a sheet; Peyton nods for him to lift off the sheet)  
 PEYTON: (looking away) It’s not him. (turns into Lucas’ chest)  
 [Outside Coroner's Office]  
 LUCAS: you did good.  
 PEYTON: I felt like my chest was going to explode.  
 (Lucas calls Brooke)  
 BROOKE: Peyton’s place  
 LUCAS: Hey its me  
 BROOKE: Hey I was just dialing you, that’s freaky.  
 LUCAS: Well it’s good news.  
 BROOKE: Yeah I know I just got off the phone with the coast guard, they made contact with his boat, he’s fine.  
 LUCAS: (to Peyton) They found your dad, he’s okay. (Peyton hugs him) (to Brooke) Alright we’re headed home.  
 BROOKE: Okay I’m waiting. Love you  
 LUCAS: Alright you too. Bye.  
 PEYTON: Oh my God, that’s…wait.  
 LUCAS: What?  
 PEYTON: (Feeling her wrist) My bracelet, I must have left it in the motel.  
 LUCAS: Alright lets go.  
 [Haley’s room]  
 (She’s at the computer, Nathan walks in)  
 NATHAN: Hey  
 HALEY: Hey  
 NATHAN: Grandma’s making breakfast. Show starts at 9. You in?  
 HALEY: Um, as fun as last night was, I think I’m going to pass. You know, I’ve been thinking. Now that you know the truth about your dad, you’re free, right? I mean, he’s been lying to you all this time. You don’t have to listen to him anymore. There’s no more pressure.  
 NATHAN: Yeah I wish that were true.  
 HALEY: What do you mean?  
 NATHAN: My dad walked away, and his father will never forgive him for that. I have to go back.  
 HALEY: Nathan, I…  
 NATHAN: I have to beat him. Haley, it’s the only way I’m ever going to be free of my dad. (leaves the room)  
 [Motel]  
 PEYTON: It has to be in here. (Pulls down the bed and finds it)  
 LUCAS: Got it? (Peyton starts crying) Hey, it’s okay. Everything’s okay now, okay?  
 (They hug then look at each other. Peyton kisses him and he quickly kisses back. Lucas takes off her jacket, then his. Peyton sits on the bed and Lucas takes off her top shirt. He lays her down and kisses her stomach then takes off his shirt. He starts kissing her neck but her hair gets caught in his necklace)  
 PEYTON: Ow. Ow. My hair.  
 LUCAS: Sorry.  
 (Peyton unclasps his necklace)  
 PEYTON: There. (starts to untangle her hair)  
 LUCAS: Brooke  
 PEYTON: What?  
 LUCAS: Brooke gave me that necklace. You know we, um…we probably should get going.  
 PEYTON: Yeah  
 LUCAS: Okay  
 [Scott’s house-breakfast on the patio]  
 (Keith, Dan, Deb, May, Royal, and Nathan)  
 ROYAL: (breaking the silence) How’s business, Keith?  
 KEITH: It’s pretty steady.  
 ROYAL: Good. I know I rib you a lot son, but I hope you know I think you’re a good man.  
 KEITH: That’s great, dad. The first nice thing you say to me and its really just to dig at Dan.  
 ROYAL: Now son…  
 MAY: Please, could we just eat our breakfast? Dan, you forgot to open your presents. (puts a wrapped box in front of him) This is from your dad and me.  
 DAN: Oh, okay. What’s this? (Pulls out a quilt with all his basketball things sewn into it)  
 MAY: It’s a quilt. A lady in Orlando made it. We still had all your old basketball stuff and I just couldn’t bring myself to throw them out. You see son, you still have a lot to be proud of.  
 [Deb and Dan in the Kitchen]  
 DAN: It’s almost over, Deb.  
 DEB: Thank God for that.  
 DAN: Look, after all that has happened I want to thank you for not throwing gas on the fire. You okay?  
 DEB: No, no, Dan I’m not. And we’re not. All this pretending and lying, I can’t really hold it against you  
 DAN: Deb…  
 DEB: Because I realized all these years, I’ve been doing it too.  
 [Peyton and Lucas driving]  
 LUCAS: Peyton I…  
 PEYTON: Don’t. It was stupid. Okay? You’re with Brooke now.  
 LUCAS: Yeah.  
 PEYTON: We just got carried away. It didn’t mean anything.  
 LUCAS: It didn’t?  
 PEYTON: Of course it did.  
 (They look at each other then look out)  
 [Scott house]  
 (May and Royal are saying Goodbye; May hugging Deb; Royal getting in without talking to Dan; They drive off; Deb takes Dan’s hand off her shoulder and walks away.)  
 KEITH: See you later (he leaves)  
 (Dan walks away, then Nathan)  
 [Inside school]  
 (Haley sees Nathan in his practice jersey and they just look at each other with blank looks, then he walks away)  
 [Peyton’s house]  
 (Brooke runs outside as Peyton and Lucas pull up)  
 BROOKE: (Hugging Peyton) It’s okay. (Hugs Lucas) Hey you.  
 (Lucas and Peyton make eye contact for a second and he follows the girls inside) 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 