Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x21 - The Leaving Song - One Tree Hill 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x21 - The Leaving Song https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=121&t=8113 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/18/04 10:54 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x21 - The Leaving Song 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [Lucas’ Room]  
 (Lucas is sleeping in bed. He get up and answers the door when Nathan knocks) 
 NATHAN: Get dressed. 
 LUCAS: Dude, it’s six am, what are you doing? 
 NATHAN: We’re going running. 
 LUCAS: No, I’m going to bed. 
 NATHAN: I’ll just keep knocking. 
 [Nathan and Lucas running] 
 NATHAN: Playoff’s are next week. Got to get you ready, man. Workouts, studying game tapes, whatever it takes. 
 LUCAS: Why? 
 NATHAN: Cause I want to win. And I need your help. Besides, you stood up to my dad the other day. I owe you. 
 LUCAS: So listen. There’s something that’s been bothering me. That thing 
 Dan said, about asking my mom what kind of parent he was. Any idea what he meant? 
 NATHAN: Probably just more of his mind games, man. That’s the way he is. 
 [Peyton’s Room] 
 (She is standing in front of her web cam. Her dad knocks) 
 LARRY: You descent? 
 PEYTON: Clothing wise. 
 LARRY: Hey, you’re back online. 
 PEYTON: Oh, damn, I got dressed in front of that web cam. 
 LARRY: Don’t tell me that. (Peyton laughs) I thought you said that thing was evil, anyway. 
 PEYTON: Yeah, well that was before I saw you pulling your duffel bag out of the closet. Were you going to tell me that you’re leaving? 
 LARRY: I’m just going down to the keys. Boat leaves Saturday morning, I’ll be back in six days. 
 PEYTON: Okay. Five nights to party. 
 LARRY: And no time to talk, so, here comes. Are you comfortable with me seeing Lucas’ mom? If it’s too weird for you - 
 PEYTON: No, it’s not that. I like Karen. 
 LARRY: Something going on with you and Lucas? 
 PEYTON: Not really. It’s cool. What if it was too weird for me? You dating 
 Karen. 
 LARRY: You’d just have to get used to it. 
 PEYTON: You do your thing. 
 LARRY: Shut that thing off. (He leaves) 
 [Lucas’ House] 
 (Lucas and Karen are sitting at the kitchen table) 
 LUCAS: Hey, mom. The other night I saw Dan, and he said something. 
 KAREN: What now? 
 LUCAS: He said to ask you what really happened back then. Any idea what he meant? 
 KAREN: Who knows. It’s Dan. 
 LUCAS: Yeah, but, I don’t know. He was talking about what kind of father he was. Was he just messing with me? 
 KAREN: Lucas, you know that I always have your best interest in mind. 
 Since day one. You believe that, right? 
 LUCAS: Yeah. 
 KAREN: Well, um, after you were born, Dan asked to be in your life. 
 LUCAS: You told me he never showed up. That he didn’t want anything to do with us. 
 KAREN: He didn’t show up at first. But when he moved back to town with 
 Deb he told me that he’d like to help raise you. And he asked for joint custody. I said no. 
 LUCAS: Why? 
 KAREN: I didn’t trust him. And Dan was ready to sue until his lawyer told him since he had left me and gotten another girl pregnant his chances weren’t good. You know what Dan is like. I had to make a decision. I had to do what was best for you. And I knew that someday we’d be having this conversation but that was a risk I had to take. 
 LUCAS: I’ve got to go to school. 
 KAREN: Lucas. (he leaves) 
 [Outside School] 
 LUCAS: Hey, Peyton! (Peyton shakes her head and starts to walk away) 
 Come on, can I talk to you? 
 PEYTON: That depends. Are you telling lies or things that aren’t true? 
 LUCAS: Okay, I deserve that, but about the other night. 
 PEYTON: Whatever, Luke. Explain it to your friend Nikki. (She walks away with Brooke and they look back at him) 
 [Inside the Gym] 
 (Brooke and Peyton are standing off to the side during practice) 
 BROOKE: So, now that Lucas has out-slutted the both of us, are we back to hoes over bros? 
 PEYTON: Okay, she’s talking to me, does that mean she’s shopping with me? 
 I was thinking, maybe we could spend a little trial make up time at the mall. 
 BROOKE: You know there may be hope for you yet. (Whitey blows his whistle) 
 WHITEY: Gather around here, come on. Let’s move. (The guys run over) 
 Alright listen up. Next week you boys are going to be winning your first playoff game. I however am going to be flat on my back in the hospital. 
 LUCAS: What’s going on, Coach? 
 WHITEY: Just a little eye surgery. I’ve got a paranoid doc who says I can’t put it off any longer. And since it’s important to me to actually see you guys win states, I’ve got to miss the first game. 
 NATHAN: Who’s going to coach us? 
 WHITEY: Coach McCallum most likely. And if you use this as an excuse to slack off I can promise you there’ll be hell to pay. Now hit the showers. 
 LUCAS: You need anything, Coach? 
 WHITEY: Yeah, my youth back. (Lucas walks away with Nathan) 
 LUCAS: So, is McCallum any good? 
 NATHAN: No, JV sucks. This one’s going to be up to you and me. 
 [Keith’s Apartment] 
 (Lucas knocks on the door and comes in) 
 LUCAS: Keith. 
 KEITH: Hey. Just ordered some pizza. You interested? 
 LUCAS: Sure. Hey listen, I wanted to ask you something about Dan. About how he wanted to share custody. 
 KEITH: Oh, is he spreading that lie again? 
 LUCAS: Keith, mom told me it was true. 
 KEITH: What do you mean? How he called her from college? 
 LUCAS: No, after that. Dan wanted joint custody, I thought you knew that. 
 KEITH: No, I didn’t know that. 
 LUCAS: Do you think things would have been different? If mom would have given him a chance? 
 KEITH: You mean like the chance he had with Nathan? 
 LUCAS: Yeah but what was he like back then, anyway? 
 KEITH: What are you thinking? 
 LUCAS: I mean, it’s easy to see a guy that never cared. I mean it’s easier to hate him that way. Right? 
 KEITH: Well maybe that’s why your mom kept it from you. 
 LUCAS: Yeah, I know he’s a bad guy, but maybe he’s just made some poor choices, and it got out of control. I mean I’ve been doing that myself. 
 KEITH: Luke, you’re not Dan. The man’s whole life is poor choices. 
 LUCAS: Yeah, but that’s just it. Maybe this is the one that changed him. 
 [Nathan’s Apartment] 
 HALEY: You are totally saving my life. Thank you. I’ve got to get a cable modem. 
 NATHAN: It’s cool. I’ve got to run to practice, anyway. Then I’m going to pick up an extra shift at the mall, try to pay for this cable modem. And after that, I’m working out with Lucas. 
 HALEY: Well who are you and what have you done with my real boyfriend? 
 NATHAN: Well, you said you wanted me to cut the guy some slack. 
 HALEY: You sure it’s not also cause it’s a way to stick it to Dan? 
 NATHAN: No, that’s not what it is. 
 HALEY: Okay. 
 NATHAN: I’m going to stick it to my dad by erasing him from the record book/s, alright? 
 HALEY: Good. 
 NATHAN: I’ve got to go. (He kisses her forehead ) I’ll see you. (He leaves. 
 Haley opens up his laptop) 
 HALEY: English class here I come. 
 [Whitey’s Office] 
 (He is using his glasses to look at the playoff schedule. Dan walks in) 
 WHITEY: Dan Scott. They haven’t even cut me open yet and you’ve already smelled the blood. 
 DAN: What’s this I hear about you not coaching the playoffs? 
 WHITEY: First game of the playoffs. 
 DAN: And the last if they lose. 
 WHITEY: The teams ready. McCallum will do fine. (Dan laughs) 
 DAN: McCallum, you’ve got to be kidding me. JV’s won what, five games all season? 
 WHITEY: Well, actually 4. That other one was a forfeit. 
 DAN: Exactly my point. Better let me do it. (Whitey laughs) 
 WHITEY: I’m old, Danny, but I’m not senile. 
 DAN: Come on, Whitey, you know I know this team as well as you do. Every game, every player. 
 WHITEY: You ought to. You daddied a half of them. 
 DAN: Okay. Look, I know you don’t care much for me, but you do care a lot about this team. 
 WHITEY: I care enough about them to protect them from you. Over my dead body, Danny. 
 DAN: Well if that’s the way you want it. 
 WHITEY: Oh, by the way. I’m going to be just fine, thanks for asking. (Dan leaves) 
 [River Court] 
 (Lucas and Nathan are playing basketball. Nathan passes Lucas and makes a shot and Lucas limps away) 
 LUCAS: My legs are dead. 
 NATHAN: Come on, one more game, man, see what you’ve got. (Lucas shoots and misses) Nice shot, Haley. 
 LUCAS: So did Dan talk about me when you were little? 
 NATHAN: Well, when I was younger I used to hear my parents argue about you. I knew you were out there. And I hated the fact so I hated you. I just thought what my dad wanted me to think. It sounds stupid but it made sense at the time. 
 LUCAS: You know he wanted joint custody of me. That’s what he was talking about at the jail. 
 NATHAN: Wow. I didn’t see that coming. The one descent thing the guy does and he buries it, huh? 
 LUCAS: So you think if Dan would have gotten his way, you and I might have grown up together? 
 NATHAN: What would that have gotten us? 
 LUCAS: Well we could have teamed up against him. 
 NATHAN: Or we could have killed each other. Trust me, man, you didn’t miss out on anything. 
 [Nathan’s Apartment] 
 (Haley is working on her paper) 
 HALEY: Until the latter part of his life, Darwin was a naturalist and the author of the book “The Origin of Species” which was published in…(She goes to an internet search and types in Origin. “Original Sin - Hot, Nasty Girls!” 
 comes up. She clicks on his favorites and sees more p*rn sites listed and she looks disappointed) 
 [Lucas’ House] 
 (Keith comes in to the kitchen where Karen is folding clothes) 
 KAREN: Keith, hey. 
 KEITH: Lucas came to see me last night. He had a lot of questions about what you told him. About Dan. And he wasn’t the only one. 
 KAREN: You have a right to be upset. 
 KEITH: You’re damn straight I have a right to be upset! You want to explain to me how you could keep that from me all these years? I had a right to know 
 Dan wanted custody. 
 KAREN: What would you have done differently? Would you have loved 
 Lucas any less? 
 KEITH: Of course not. But I might have had a different opinion of my brother. 
 KAREN: Oh come on, Keith. Your opinion of Dan is based on more than just his behavior towards Lucas. 
 KEITH: Back then, he told me that he approached you about joint custody, okay? And I called him a liar. And now I find out the person lying was you. 
 KAREN: I was trying to protect Lucas! I was trying to give him the best life possible. I was a kid, Keith. And I was scared. I was scared I was going to lose you too. You and Dan are brothers there was always that chance. 
 KEITH: What, that I’d take his side over yours? 
 KAREN: Well yeah. 
 KEITH: God, Karen, I thought you knew me better than that. 
 (He leaves) 
 [Whitey’s Office] 
 (He walks in and Dan is sitting at his desk) 
 DAN: I was just leaving you a note to call me. 
 WHITEY: I thought you had to invite vampires in. I’m all talked out with you. 
 DAN: That may well be but I’m still going to need your playbooks, stats, team rosters, but don’t you worry, I’ve got my own whistle. 
 WHITEY: What the hell are you talking about? 
 DAN: Looks like I’ll be coaching that playoff game after all. 
 WHITEY: The hell you will, I told you my decision was final. 
 DAN: So was the athletic committees. And I believe they trump you. We had a little session this afternoon. You really should get yourself a cell phone 
 Whitey. (Dan gets up and takes the playbook) Just what I was looking for. 
 Don’t you worry Whitey. The teams in good hands. (he leaves) 
 [Mall] 
 (Peyton and Brooke are walking and pushing Jenny) 
 PEYTON: So I hope you don’t mind I had to bring Jenny along. Jake kind of asked last minute. 
 BROOKE: Well it’s never to early to learn to accessorize, right? Want to go look at cds? 
 PEYTON: Why? So I can listen to you complain as I check out all the new releases? 
 BROOKE: Well we could go try on lingerie and you can listen to me whine about how fat I am. 
 PEYTON: You’re not fat. 
 BROOKE: I know, I just like to hear it. (They stop at a store window and look in) 
 PEYTON: You know, I’ve really missed this whole girlfriend thing. 
 BROOKE: Of course you have. 
 NIKKI: Well, well, well. (Peyton and Brooke turn around and Nikki is holding Jenny) As a babysitter, apparently you suck. 
 PEYTON: Nikki, what are you doing? 
 NIKKI: Protecting my baby. While you two barbies were getting ready to make out, anybody could have taken her. 
 PEYTON: Put her down. 
 NIKKI: Right, I take orders from you. (She starts to walk away and they follow her) 
 PEYTON: Where are you going?! 
 NIKKI: Shopping with my daughter. 
 BROOKE: I don’t think so. 
 NIKKI: Yeah, I see you stopping me. 
 BROOKE: Nikki! 
 PEYTON: Go get security, okay? (Brooke leaves and Peyton follows Nikki through the crowd) Nikki. Nikki! Where is my phone? Damn it! Where is my phone? (She looks up and Nikki is walking into a video store) Nikki! 
 (Peyton walks back to a cell phone stand and grabs one of the phones on display) Hi, can I use this? 
 MAN: Sure. 
 PEYTON: Thank you. (She dials) Karen, hey, it’s Peyton, is Jake there? No, he can’t call me back, I’m - well where is he? (She looks around and doesn’t seem them anywhere) 
 BROOKE: Peyton. Where is she? 
 PEYTON: I lost her in the crowd. This isn’t happening. (A security guard is with Brooke) 
 GUARD: Police are on their way, miss, security’s been notified. If she’s still here we’ll find her. 
 PEYTON: What if she’s already gone? What are we going to do? 
 BROOKE: It’s okay, come here. (She hugs her) 
 [Nathan’s Apartment] 
 (Haley still has the Original Sin website up. Nathan and Lucas walk in) 
 NATHAN: Hey, Hales. (She looks angry) Check it out, an entire afternoon together and no one threw a punch. 
 LUCAS: You okay? 
 HALEY: Can I talk to Nathan alone please? 
 LUCAS: Yeah sure. Catch you guys later. (He leaves) 
 NATHAN: What’s up. 
 HALEY: I was just doing some research on the internet and I found what my boyfriend’s been studying. (She turns the computer to face him) 
 NATHAN: This is, I just stumbled upon this, so, it’s no big deal. (He closes it) 
 HALEY: What about the half a dozen other sites that you stumbled upon and book marked? It’s hard enough for me that I have to compete with the girls at school that just give it away, now I’ve got to be a p*rn star? 
 NATHAN: Haley, look, you’re over reacting. 
 HALEY: No, I really don’t think that I am. This hurts me, Nathan. 
 NATHAN: Why? Haley these girls aren’t real. And plus, I’m a guy. Guys look at this stuff. 
 HALEY: Well don’t be a guy, Nathan, be a man. You know, I’m not a prude, and I think you know that. But the thought that this is what I’m going to be compared to? 
 NATHAN: So that’s what this is? You’re worried I’m going to compare you to them when we- 
 HALEY: Yes! I’m afraid that’s part of it. Nathan it’s hard enough for me to even think about being naked in front of you. And the thought that this is the standard I’m going to be held to? Forget it. 
 NATHAN: Haley. (She leaves) 
 
 
 
 [Mall] 
 (Jake comes up to the security station) 
 JAKE: Peyton. Have they found her? 
 PEYTON: Not yet. God, Jake, I am so, so sorry, okay? We only looked away for like two seconds. 
 JAKE: You cannot do that! 
 GUARD: You just need to calm down, sir, we have officers combing the mall. 
 JAKE: Oh, calm down, take it easy? What do you think - 
 NIKKI: Hey. What’s going on? 
 JAKE: What the hell are you doing, Nikki? 
 NIKKI: I took Jenny shopping then we rode on the carousel. What? What’s the big deal? 
 PEYTON: You stole her out of her stroller! 
 NIKKI: No I didn’t. I picked her up because you two weren’t watching her and then I told you I was taking her shopping. Besides she’s my daughter, not yours. 
 GUARD: Is that true? 
 JAKE: Well, yes, but- 
 GUARD: Which one of you has custody? 
 JAKE: Okay, look, she took off as soon as the baby was born. 
 GUARD: As long as this isn’t a custody matter I’d advice you kids to keep your family stuff at home okay? You can call off the dogs. 
 JAKE: You are unbelievable, you know that? 
 NIKKI: Hey, if you’d let me see her once and a while. 
 JAKE: That’s not going to happen, not after this. 
 NIKKI: You think I’m such a bad mother? You’ve made some pretty bad decisions when it concerns Jenny. I’m not sure I can trust you with her. 
 JAKE: Nikki. 
 NIKKI: I’m going to get custody, Jake. She’s better off with me. I’ll see you soon, bunny! Yes! (She puts Jenny down and leaves) 
 PEYTON: Jake. (Jake walks away) 
 [Karen’s Café] 
 (Dan walks in) 
 DAN: Haven’t worn out your welcome yet? 
 DEB: No, in fact Karen made me her partner. 
 DAN: I hope you mean in the business. You said you had something for me. 
 DEB: Yeah, you left this on the bedroom floor the other night. (She slides his watch over to him) 
 DAN: What makes you think I didn’t leave it there as payment? 
 KAREN: Excuse me, Deb. Dan, may I have a word with you? 
 (They walk off) Is it just sport? This need to agitate Lucas any chance you get. Why on earth would you tell him that you wanted custody? 
 DAN: I’m not the devil, Karen. I’m tired of being blamed for everything. 
 KAREN: Not everything. Just your due. You suggest to me that I abort my child and then one day you grow this tiny sliver of conscience that has long since disappeared and you expect a metal for that? 
 DAN: No I expect you to be held as accountable as I have to be. You’re the one who kept the truth from him. 
 KAREN: This is not about accountability. You don’t regret missing out on 
 Lucas’ life, you hate the fact that I beat you. And you’re punishing him because some lawyer told you years ago that you could never win this one and that is pathetic, Dan! So do me a favor, just stay away from him. 
 DAN: I can’t do that. I’m his coach. 
 KAREN: What are you talking about? 
 DAN: Whitey’s off in surgery, I volunteered to step in and help. 
 KAREN: You just can’t let this one go, can you? 
 DAN: Well it beats lying about it. 
 KAREN: Listen to me, Dan. If you use this coaching job to hurt my son, I 
 don’t care who on that school board you sold cars to, I will bury you. 
 DAN: You shouldn’t baby the kid, Karen. The boy needs to learn to fight his own battles. 
 KAREN: Is that why Nathan left you? 
 [Peyton’s Room] 
 (She is on the bed drawing with her head phones on. Haley stands in the doorway knocking and trying to get her attention) 
 HALEY: Peyton. Hello!? 
 PEYTON: Oh, hey. Sorry I didn’t hear you. 
 HALEY: It’s okay. You alright? 
 PEYTON: Not really. I screwed up pretty bad with Jenny yesterday. 
 HALEY: Sorry. Is she okay? 
 PEYTON: Yeah, yeah she’s fine. It just potentially could have been so bad. 
 I’m an idiot. What’s going on? 
 HALEY: Oh, nothing, I was going to dump my problems on you but you’ve got enough to worry about. 
 PEYTON: No, it’s cool. What’s up? 
 HALEY: Okay, um, I was over at Nathan’s and I was on his computer, and I 
 came across all this creepy p*rn. 
 PEYTON: How creepy? Like she-male midgets? 
 HALEY: No, like, Pamela Anderson wannabes. And, I’m right to be bothered by this, right? I mean you would be bothered by this if you guys were still together. 
 PEYTON: Well, not really. But our relationship was nothing like yours. 
 HALEY: Because you were having s*x. 
 PEYTON: No! Because I was never in love with Nathan the way you are. 
 HALEY: You know, he says he’s totally cool with waiting until I’m ready, but if he’s filling up with cyber-sex in the mean time, I’m not going to measure up to that. 
 PEYTON: Haley. But you don’t have to compete with anything. You’ve got something they don’t. You’ve got his heart, too. 
 [Weight Room] 
 (Lucas is benching and Nathan is spotting) 
 NATHAN: I heard it only took my dad 15 minutes to BS the athletic committee. We’re so screwed, man. 
 LUCAS: Only if we let him get to us. (Lucas stops gets up) So, you going to tell me what happened with Haley? I called her last night and she wouldn’t pick up. 
 NATHAN: Let’s just say she found out I was looking at some websites that don’t exactly make me boyfriend of the year. Alright, not that it’s any of your business, but um, Haley and I, we’re not, I mean she’s not, you know, so, I’m just trying not to pressure her that’s all. (Nathan starts to bench) 
 LUCAS: Yeah, sure. p0rn freak. (Nathan laughs) 
 NATHAN: What? Shut up, dude. 
 LUCAS: Just stay away from the sites with farm animals, alright? (Nathan laughs and starts to drop the bar) 
 NATHAN: Oh man. What are you talking about. (Dan and Whitey walk to the door and watch them through the window) 
 WHITEY: Most fathers would be touched by that scene. But I’m guessing it’s your worst nightmare. Coach. (He walks away) 
 [Lucas’ Room] 
 KAREN: Luke, can I talk to you? I owe you an apology. I shouldn’t have lied to you about Dan. 
 LUCAS: No you shouldn’t have. 
 KAREN: And I understand if you’re upset. 
 LUCAS: I don’t think you do. I just can’t turn it off. All these years I was sure I should hate him, because he didn’t want me. I guess I’m mad at you, for making me question that now. I’m not sure I should hate him. I’m not even sure I know him. 
 KAREN: Do you want to? 
 LUCAS: You loved him once, mom. Was there ever something there? Was he ever a good person? 
 KAREN: Once upon a time. He was. But he hasn’t been that person for a long time. 
 [Gym] 
 (The guys are doing footwork while Dan blows the whistles to change their directions) 
 DAN: Hold your position. Where’s Jagielski? 
 TIM: Sometimes coach lets him miss practice because of his baby. 
 DAN: Sounds like Whitey. There’ll be no more special treatment for anyone, understood? Now this ball control offense Whitey’s running is out. From now on it’s run and gun. Players make plays. 
 TIM: But we’re undefeated and we’re going to playoffs. 
 DAN: By the way, you’re benched. Anyone else? Good. 
 (Whistle: They are doing push ups) 
 NATHAN: Is this bad for your shoulder? 
 LUCAS: Probably. 
 DAN: Alright, free throws. Make ten in a row, miss one, grab a weight plate and run and start over. Let’s go. (Nathan shoots and makes it) Bend your knees, Nathan. 
 NATHAN: I just made it, didn’t I? 
 DAN: Hey. Whitey let you mouth off like that? Bend your knees. (He shoots and misses) Grab a weight plate. Next. (Lucas misses) Go join your new pal. 
 Next. 
 (They are running sprints) 
 DAN: Sprints, not runs! (Lucas is trailing behind) Lucas, keep moving! 
 Let’s go, let’s go. (Lucas is bending over at midfield. 
 LUCAS: I’m still a little weak from the accident. 
 DAN: You’re a little weak all right. (Lucas throws up) 
 NATHAN: Oh, dad! 
 DAN: Coach. Now get a mop, clean that up. Let’s go, quit slacking, let’s go. 
 [Haley’s Room] 
 (She is reading on the bed and Lucas lies down) 
 HALEY: What happened to you? 
 LUCAS: First practice with Dan. 
 HALEY: That brutal, huh? 
 LUCAS: Uh huh. Especially for Nathan. Poor guy. 
 HALEY: You’re concerned about Nathan? 
 LUCAS: Well yeah. I saw first hand today how horrible it is with him and 
 Dan. He needs you, Hales. Maybe you should cut him a break on this whole internet thing. 
 HALEY: He told you about that? 
 LUCAS: Yeah. I know, it’s weird, right? But we’re talking more now, and, at least he’s not cheating on you. 
 HALEY: Ha! He’s looking at plastic bimbos. 
 LUCAS: Hey, it could be worse. Did you ever think that maybe all this is just helping him so he can give you space, so he doesn’t have to hassle you about s*x? 
 HALEY: He shouldn’t need help giving me space, he should be better than that. Especially if he loves me. And I cannot believe that you’re defending him, whose protecting my heart in this, Luke? 
 LUCAS: Okay, okay, I didn’t say it was okay. Alright? I’m just saying, after what I saw in the gym today, man, the guy just needs a little support. 
 [Jake’s House] 
 (Peyton knocks on his door and he comes outside) 
 PEYTON: Jake, I feel so horrible, you have every right to be mad at me. 
 JAKE: I’m mad at Nikki, okay? You I’m just, I’m just disappointed in. 
 PEYTON: It was two seconds. 
 JAKE: A lot happened in those two seconds. I just got off the phone with the legal aid attorney and she said that Jenny’s fair game and if it goes to court, that the judge usually decides with the birth mother. 
 PEYTON: Even if you can prove what a horrible person she is? 
 JAKE: You saw how she played that cop in the mall. She’s going to do the same thing to a judge in court. What if she wins, Peyton? I could lose Jenny. 
 PEYTON: I’m so sorry. 
 JAKE: I’ve got to get out of here. 
 PEYTON: Where would you go? 
 JAKE: I have a cousin in Savannah. Maybe? 
 PEYTON: Won’t that just make things worse? 
 JAKE: If Nikki comes after Jenny, this lawyer said it could end up costing me a fortune to fight her. And my parents, they’re already struggling as it is. This would wipe them out, I can’t do that to them. The only thing that I know for sure is that if I stay here, I’m screwed. 
 [Nathan’s Apartment] 
 (Haley is back on the internet doing her English paper) 
 HALEY: Where did I put that picture of Darwin? (She opens up the pictures and sees 6 pictures labeled “Peyton” from her web cam. The first is Peyton sitting on her bed. Then a few of her with a towel on. Nathan walks in.) 
 NATHAN: Hey. 
 HALEY: You, um, said they weren’t real people. 
 NATHAN: Haley, what are you doing? 
 HALEY: I’m a real person. I have feelings, I have problems, I feel vulnerable, and self-conscious and I’m just like every other person. 
 NATHAN: I know that. 
 HALEY: Well what happened to s*x just being magical, and being this amazing expression of how much you love someone? These cyber girls, they’re just like triple jointed and waxed, and always turned on, and it’s just a lie. 
 NATHAN: I understand that. It’s just a fantasy. 
 HALEY: Is Peyton a fantasy, too? (He closes the lap top. Haley nods and starts to leave) 
 NATHAN: You know, it’d be nice if a guy could have a little privacy in his own apartment. 
 HALEY: I can’t be Peyton for you. I can’t be those girls. I just, I won’t. 
 NATHAN: I don’t want you to be. 
 HALEY: Are you sure about that? Because - (She takes his hand and kisses it) 
 I gave you my heart. That’s all that I can give to you. And if that’s not enough for you, then I’m not enough for you. (She leaves) 
 [Jake’s House] 
 PEYTON: So can I ask you a question? Were you serious about getting out? 
 JAKE: Yeah. 
 PEYTON: (To Jenny) I’m sure going to miss you. I’ve got a way for you to leave but you’ve got to go in the morning. 
 JAKE: Whoa, whoa, slow down. What are you talking about? 
 PEYTON: My dad’s transport is leaving for the keys. Did you ask your cousin about staying with him? 
 JAKE: Yeah, but he’s in Savannah. 
 PEYTON: Well my dad docks near there and a couple of other places on the way. Look, if you take your car Nikki can follow you, but this way- I don’t want you to go, Jake. But if you think it’s the best thing for Jenny. 
 JAKE: I was thinking about how crushed my parents would be if I left. But 
 Nikki. I mean she’s been so bad to my world, already. And not just to me but to you and to Lucas and Brooke. If I stay, she’ll win custody, Peyton. I can’t have that. 
 PEYTON: The boat leaves in the morning. 
 JAKE: And your dad’s cool with this? 
 PEYTON: I’ll just tell him you’re visiting relatives. He’s a father too, Jake, he’d do anything for his daughter. Just like you. 
 JAKE: What do you think, Jenny? 
 PEYTON: I’ll be there in the morning either way. 
 [Karen’s Café] 
 MAILMAN: Package for Deborah Scott? 
 DEB: I’m Deb. Thanks. (She signs and opens the envelope) 
 KAREN: Is it bad news? 
 DEB: Our divorce papers. Once they’re signed and filed it will all be over. 
 KAREN: That’s what you wanted, isn’t it? 
 DEB: Yeah, I’m just surprised. I never expected to feel sad. 
 [Gym] 
 (Lucas and Nathan are running sprints together. Dan comes and stands in front of them and they stop) 
 [Deb’s House] 
 (She signs the papers and is crying) 
 [The docks] 
 (Jake is walking towards the boat with Jenny and stops by Peyton) 
 PEYTON: Hey. I was kind of hoping you wouldn’t show. Jenny you be good, okay? Take care of your dad. 
 JAKE: Peyton 
 PEYTON: Look, don’t say anything. You guys just be safe. 
 (She kisses him and he hugs her. He walks away and gets on the boat) 
 [Peyton’s Room] 
 (She is lying on her bed. Lucas comes in behind her) 
 LUCAS: Hey. You okay? 
 PEYTON: I’ve got some stuff going on. 
 LUCAS: I know. Look I just wanted to apologize, again, for not being a better person lately. I’m trying, Peyton. I don’t know what else to say. 
 PEYTON: It’s not about what you say, Luke. It’s about what you do. You don’t like the person you’ve become? Then do something about it, cause no one’s going to do it for you. 
 LUCAS: I know. That’s why I came by. I’m going to be making a few changes. And I just wanted to see you before I do. I’ll be seeing you, Peyton. 
 (He leaves) 
 [Keith’s Apartment] 
 (Karen comes in while he’s packing) 
 KAREN: Hi. 
 KEITH: Hi. 
 KAREN: I didn’t want this. 
 KEITH: What’s that? 
 KAREN: This. You’re moving away. You’re upset with me. 
 KEITH: Well neither of us wanted it, but somehow here we are. 
 KAREN: Did I trap you? Did I lead you on and trick you into loving Lucas? 
 KEITH: No and you didn’t trick me into loving you either. But that’s what happened. 
 KAREN: And the fact that I lied about Dan’s intentions, does that change all that? 
 KEITH: It colors it differently, yeah. 
 KAREN: How? Because no matter what I said back then, Dan would have been the same reprehensible person he’s become. And you still would have been there for Lucas and me. 
 KEITH: And what for? So I could end up pushing 40’s still living in a bachelor apartment? Don’t you see, Karen? You got what you needed and so did Lucas. But what about me? I never said this before. But I will now. I 
 stood by you, and I stood by Lucas, and I’m glad I did that. I just can’t help but think, why? What do I get out of it? 
 KAREN: You get a boy who loves you. (Lucas knocks and comes in) 
 LUCAS: I’m sorry to interrupt but we need to talk. 
 KAREN: Okay, what’s up? 
 LUCAS: Look, I know you did your best, mom. If you hadn’t kept Dan away, Keith and I probably wouldn’t have been so close. And I would have hated to miss that. So I understand now why you had to keep that secret to yourself. You just needed to find yourself on your own, right? 
 KAREN: Yes. 
 LUCAS: Well that’s what I want, too. To start over. I mean, that’s what you did when you shut Dan out. That’s what you’re doing by leaving town. 
 KEITH: What do you mean, start over? 
 LUCAS: I mean get away. Away from Dan. Away from this place. And away from all the mistakes I’ve been making. I want to go with Keith, mom. 
 I want to leave Tree Hill. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 