Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x19 - How Can You Be Sure? - One Tree Hill 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x19 - How Can You Be Sure? https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=121&t=8111 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/04/04 14:49 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x19 - How Can You Be Sure? 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [River Court]  
 (Where we left off with Brooke and Lucas talking)  
 LUCAS: What do you mean, you think?  
 BROOKE: I mean I’m late. Like, late.  
 LUCAS: Did you take a test? (She shakes her head no) Okay. Okay, um. Look, we have to know, okay? Maybe it’s a false alarm, you know? Come on. Drug Store’s still open. We’ll do it together. Okay?  
 [Karen’s Front Porch]  
 (Keith is standing in front of her with the ring box open)  
 KEITH: Marry me. (Karen looks at the ring for a minute)  
 KAREN: I don’t know what to say.  
 KEITH: Well, yes would be a good start.  
 KAREN: It just seems so out of the blue.  
 KEITH: After 15 years? Look, Karen, when you left for Italy we had a future. We’re still the same two people who stood at that airport. I was the man who was in love with you. And I still am.  
 KAREN: I love you too, Keith. You’re my best friend. You’ve been a wonderful father figure for Lucas. But the time away, the distance, it gave me a new perspective.  
 KEITH: On us?  
 KAREN: On everything. Tree Hill is such a small part of the world. And maybe it’s where I belong, but there’s so much more out there. Italy was the first time since Lucas was born that I’ve spent any time alone. I realized I only know my self as Lucas’ mother. I’ve got to find the rest of me. You mean the world to me, Keith. (She hands him the box back) But I’m sorry. I can’t marry you. (He nods)  
 [Brook’s Room]  
 (She comes out of the bathroom to Lucas who is sitting on the bed. She shows him the positive pregnancy test)  
 LUCAS: It’s positive.  
 BROOKE: Oh my God. (She starts crying and sits next to him) I’m pregnant. (Lucas puts his arm around her back and she pushes him off and stands up)  
 LUCAS: Come on. I know you’re still mad at me. Okay? But I’m here for you. Alright, we’ll go to the doctor tomorrow. In the city. I’ll take you.  
 BROOKE: I’ll take myself.  
 LUCAS: Brooke. I’m just as scared as you are. But I want to help. Please. Just, trust me.  
 BROOKE: Yeah cause that worked out so well for me the last time. (She walks away from him)  
 [Nathan’s Apartment]  
 (Haley walks into his bedroom and he is still asleep. She smiles at him and crawls onto the bed)  
 HALEY: (Whispering into his ear) Hey you, wake up.  
 NATHAN: Hey.  
 HALEY: Hey.  
 NATHAN: I didn’t even hear you come in.  
 HALEY: Well you didn’t hear your alarm clock either.  
 NATHAN: That’s cause it didn’t go off. Everybody gets up at six. Geez.  
 HALEY: Well, time to get up. (She starts to get off and he grabs her back)  
 NATHAN: I am up. Come here.  
 HALEY: Oh yeah? (They start kissing then the alarm goes off) Oh, I’ll get that. (She bends over to turn it off and Nathan sees her tattoo) You want me to start your shower?  
 NATHAN: Uh, yeah. Thanks.  
 HALEY: Okay. (She leaves and Nathan looks confused)  
 [Women’s Clinic]  
 (Lucas is waiting outside for Brooke)  
 LUCAS: So, what happened?  
 BROOKE: The nurse said they’d call me in a few hours with the results, and then she asked me about the father. (Dan is driving by and sees her car and the two of them outside the clinic)  
 LUCAS: What did you say?  
 BROOKE: I told her the sorry bro hoe kicked my @#%$ to the curb. (She walks away)  
 LUCAS: God.  
 [Locker Room]  
 (Nathan is at his locker and Lucas comes up to him)  
 LUCAS: So this whole thing with Haley really was just your way of messing with me, huh?  
 NATHAN: What’s your problem now?  
 LUCAS: I saw you making out with Peyton last night.  
 NATHAN: Look, maybe you’re a little slow, but we kissed because it was the auction rules.  
 LUCAS: I know what I saw. (Nathan opens his locker and Lucas slams it shut)  
 NATHAN: I’m about to beat your @#%$, man.  
 LUCAS: I promised Haley I’d give you a break, that’s about the only thing that’s you right now. (Nathan shoves him)  
 NATHAN: Look, I kissed Peyton like you kissed Haley. That’s it. What are you so tweaked about?  
 LUCAS: Never mind. Sorry. (He leaves)  
 [Jake’s House]  
 (Nikki is at the door)  
 JAKE: What do you want, Nikki?  
 NIKKI: I think we covered that. (She looks in at Peyton holding Jenny) Let me hold her.  
 JAKE: No, no she’s tired. Peyton, could you take Jenny to her room for me, please?  
 PEYTON: Yeah.  
 JAKE: Thanks. (She leaves)  
 NIKKI: Is that your girlfriend?  
 JAKE: She’s just a friend, okay? She sits for Jenny sometimes.  
 NIKKI: Relax, I’m just asking.  
 JAKE: Nikki-  
 NIKKI: Listen, our little romantic outing to the grocery store got me thinking. You shouldn’t have to be using food stamps and paying for everything. I can help you. I have some tuition money left over-  
 JAKE: I don’t want your money.  
 NIKKI: Jake, this isn’t fair. Now you won’t let me be a part of my daughter’s life but you’ll hand her off to some babysitter?  
 JAKE: Hey, Jenny loves Peyton. She’s got a lot of other people that care about her too.  
 NIKKI: And none of those people are her mother. (She turns around to the mantel and looks at the pictures on it)  
 JAKE: What are you looking at? (She picks up his basketball team picture)  
 NIKKI: You’re life. (She sees Lucas in it)  
 JAKE: Yeah, that’s my life. You notice who’s not in it? (Peyton is listening from the stairs)  
 [Outside School]  
 (Lucas is running up to Brooke)  
 LUCAS: Brooke, hold on. Still no news?  
 BROOKE: Did I come find you?  
 LUCAS: Well where are you going?  
 BROOKE: Away from you.  
 LUCAS: Hey, come on, you can’t cut me out of this. I’m just as worried as you are.  
 BROOKE: Oh really? Or are you just worried that having a kid might deflate your market value?  
 LUCAS: That’s not it.  
 BROOKE: Oh that’s right you’re not on the market anymore. You’re a one woman kind of guy. Speaking of which, how is my former best friend?  
 LUCAS: Peyton has nothing to do with this, okay?  
 BROOKE: Not yet. Maybe you can pull a Dan Scott and knock her up too.  
 LUCAS: Brooke!  
 BROOKE: Or maybe then you can move on to random bar-sluts. Oh wait you’ve already done that. Better be careful, Danny Jr., never know how many kids you’re going to end up with.  
 LUCAS: Oh yeah, that’s real nice, Brooke. And by the way. It’s not like I’m the only guy you’ve ever slept with.  
 BROOKE: What’s your point?  
 LUCAS: How do I even know it’s mine? (her phone rings)  
 BROOKE: It’s the doctor. Hello? Yeah, this is Brooke. Okay. Thank you. (She hangs up) Trust me, it’s yours. (She drives away)  
 [Deb’s House]  
 (She is exercising and Dan comes in behind her. She bends over in front of him and sees him between her legs)  
 DAN: Oh, that reminds me.  
 DEB: How did you get in here?  
 DAN: Door was open. Why? Who were you expecting? Another high school boy with his pants around his ankles?  
 DEB: What do you want, Dan?  
 DAN: I want my son to come to his senses. Have you seen his apartment?  
 DEB: Yeah, I dropped off some food.  
 DAN: Did he ask you for any money?  
 DEB: No, but I gave him some.  
 DAN: Oh, that’s great. That’s great. Don’t you ever want him to come home?  
 DEB: I want him home as much as you do. But for once in his life you need to let him make his own mistakes.  
 DAN: Right, you bring him food and cash and I’m the one who needs to let him make his own mistakes. Oh and by the way, you can tell your friend Karen, her son was coming out of a family planning clinic. With a date. Is that the kind of mistake you had in mind for Nathan? (Deb leaves the room)  
 [Nathan’s Apartment]  
 (Haley and Nathan come running in in their bathing suits with Towels around them)  
 NATHAN: You hungry?  
 HALEY: Oh, I’m hungry for you.  
 NATHAN: No I’m serious. We can heat something up, or go out and eat if you want to.  
 HALEY: What’s wrong?  
 NATHAN: Nothing, I’m just hungry.  
 HALEY: I don’t buy it. Talk to me.  
 NATHAN: I just don’t feel like making out, that’s all.  
 HALEY: You realize you just said that, right? Since when?  
 NATHAN: Since you got my jersey number tattooed on your @#%$.  
 HALEY: Oh. Above my @#%$, actually. When did you see that?  
 NATHAN: This morning.  
 HALEY: Does that bother you?  
 NATHAN: I’m just confused as hell. I mean you’ll do something that permanent, but you won’t have s*x with me?  
 HALEY: You can get a tattoo removed, Nathan. s*x is a really big deal for me.  
 NATHAN: I get that. That’s why I haven’t been pressuring you into it.  
 HALEY: The way you’re not pressuring me right now.  
 NATHAN: I’m going to heat up some food.  
 [Outside School]  
 (Brooke is walking with the cheerleaders towards Lucas)  
 LUCAS: Brooke.  
 BROOKE: I’m busy.  
 LUCAS: Look, don’t shut me out on this, okay? We can deal with it together.  
 BROOKE: We’re not together, remember? You dodged the bullet just in time. (She walks away with the girls. Peyton comes up to Lucas)  
 PEYTON: Hey. Nathan told me about the fantasy kiss scenario you thought you saw. Were you high? The kiss didn’t mean anything, I wouldn’t do that to Haley.  
 LUCAS: Yeah, I guess I overreacted. (He keeps looking back towards Brooke who is walking into the gym with the girls)  
 PEYTON: She’s gone, you know.  
 LUCAS: Huh?  
 PEYTON: Brooke.  
 LUCAS: What? Why do you assume I’m looking for Brooke?  
 PEYTON: Because you are. She still freezing you out?  
 LUCAS: Yeah, sort of.  
 PEYTON: Me too. Do you want to talk about it?  
 LUCAS: I think I’ve screwed things up enough as it is.  
 PEYTON: Yeah, me too.  
 LUCAS: And worse than that.  
 PEYTON: What? Worse than the death wish best friend love triangle? What’d you do? Tell her she was fat? (He shakes his head) Okay look she’s pissed at me too but she’s still my friend. What’s going on?  
 LUCAS: What were we thinking, Peyton?  
 PEYTON: You and me, or you and Brooke?  
 LUCAS: All of us.  
 PEYTON: I guess we weren’t. (He walks away)  
 [Peyton’s Room]  
 (Peyton is drawing and Haley is on the bed next to her painting her toe nails)  
 PEYTON: I like that. What color is it?  
 HALEY: Shag. Did Nathan ever cheat on you?  
 PEYTON: Where’d that come from?  
 HALEY: I just wonder if, maybe he’s going to start looking somewhere else for what he’s not getting from me.  
 PEYTON: Hm, the big bad s*x issue. (Haley tosses her the polish)  
 HALEY: Yeah. (Peyton walks over to her black wall) I mean, we start making out, and it’s great, and I totally get into him, and then I just hit this point.  
 PEYTON: I bet he loves that.  
 HALEY: Yeah. I guess I just always thought I would wait until I fell in love, and got married, and then I met Nathan and everything got really confusing. It was never something I had to deal with right away, it was always a few years off. And then all of a sudden…  
 PEYTON: It wasn’t? I’ve been down that road.  
 HALEY: I don’t know if I’m ready, Peyton.  
 PEYTON: Or maybe you’re just not sure if Nathan’s the right guy.  
 HALEY: No, I’m, I can safely rule that out. He, I can’t breath when I’m around him and when I’m not around him I want to be. I’m just, I’m totally in love with him. (Peyton has written “HJ + NS” on the wall with a heart around it)  
 PEYTON: Well then you’ve gone further with him than I ever did.  
 [Weight Room]  
 (Lucas is doing leg presses. Dan comes in)  
 DAN: Be careful with those knees. Trust me, I know. I also know what it’s like to be sidelined with an injury. I wouldn’t wish it on anyone who’s serious about their game. How’s the shoulder?  
 LUCAS: Fine.  
 DAN: Good. You know I saw you at the clinic the other day with that girl. I don’t have to tell you, you’re turning into my area of expertise. You know, Lucas, one day I woke up and I was looking down the barrel of a life I couldn’t control. Maybe you find yourself in the same situation. I just thought you could use some advice. I can see that you’re scared. But don’t let that fear cloud your vision. You know I asked your mom to get an abortion. She said no. She was too emotional. If she was thinking clearly, she would have done what I said.  
 LUCAS: So your advice is to have an abortion. The way you would have aborted me.  
 DAN: You’ve got a lot of life yet to live, Lucas. Don’t let this girl make the same mistake your mother made. Cause if you do, you’ll be paying for it until the day you die. (he leaves)  
 
 
 
 [Deb’s House]  
 (She and Keith are sitting at the kitchen counter)  
 DEB: I’m glad you came by, Keith. I’ve been so caught up in my own problems, we haven’t had a chance to catch up.  
 KEITH: Well you might as well hear it here. I asked Karen to marry me.  
 DEB: What?  
 KEITH: Mm hm. She said no.  
 DEB: Oh, Keith I’m so sorry.  
 KEITH: You know, you never picture it. You run it through your mind a thousand times over fifteen years. You know how the moment will feel when your love agrees to be your wife. But you never see her saying no.  
 DEB: Well, you’re still an important part of her life. That won’t change. She needs you.  
 KEITH: Well maybe she needs me. But she doesn’t want me.  
 DEB: I’m sorry. What did Lucas say?  
 KEITH: I don’t even know if she’s told him yet.  
 [Nathan’s Apartment]  
 (Someone knocks on the door.)  
 NATHAN: Dad.  
 DAN: Ohh. (he looks around at his messy apartment) Looks like I missed the party.  
 NATHAN: You weren’t invited. You should have called.  
 DAN: Why? You don’t call back. I had to run a credit check to get your address. Your mother wouldn’t give it to me. (Nathan tries to shut the door but he stops him) Hey. You think you’re ready for this? I’ve got news for you, son. Playing house costs a lot of money.  
 NATHAN: Okay, so I‘ll get a job.  
 DAN: Oh great, what’s that going to do to your game? It’s okay to be irrational every once and a while. But have you thought this thing through? I give you a week out in the real world.  
 NATHAN: You know what the best part about having my own place is, dad? I can ask you to leave.  
 DAN: Fine. But the beach house will be there for you when you hit rock bottom. And you will. (he leaves)  
 [Outside School]  
 (Peyton is sitting alone with her cell phone and Nikki sits next to her)  
 NIKKI: Who are you calling? Jake, maybe? Look, I know you baby-sit Jenny but, I’m back now, so Jake and I won’t be needing you anymore. Oh, and if there’s anything going on between you and Jake, well you’re not going to be a permanent part of my daughter’s life, so if I were you I wouldn’t get too attached.  
 PEYTON: If I were you, I would walk away.  
 NIKKI: You have to know you’re temporary, right? I mean, all the babysitting in the world isn’t going to make you Jenny’s mother.  
 PEYTON: All the eyeliner in the world wont make you anything other than a psycho stalker @#%$. (She gets up and starts walking towards Brooke)  
 BROOKE: Friend of yours?  
 PEYTON: It’s Jake’s ex. All of a sudden she’s trying to deal with her issues and I think I’m one of them.  
 BROOKE: Scary.  
 PEYTON: So you’re talking to me?  
 BROOKE: Yeah. There’s some stuff going on and I don’t know what to do. I screwed up, I can’t even say it.  
 PEYTON: Is it about Lucas? Cause he was really upset yesterday.  
 BROOKE: I thought you and Lucas weren’t together.  
 PEYTON: No, we’re not. We were just, um -  
 BROOKE: You know what, for get it, Peyton. You are the last person I should be talking to. (She walks away)  
 [Jake’s House]  
 JAKE: Damn.  
 LUCAS: Yeah I didn’t want to tell anybody but-  
 JAKE: Hey I didn’t want to tell anybody either but I felt a lot better after I did. What does Brooke want to do? (Lucas looks at Jenny)  
 LUCAS: I don’t know. She won’t talk to me.  
 JAKE: What do you want her to do?  
 LUCAS: How do I answer that? I’m just walking around like a zombie right now. I guess I want whatever’s best for her.  
 JAKE: Does she think she’s going to have it? You know, Nikki and I, we talked about not keeping the baby.  
 LUCAS: Yeah, so did Dan and my mom. But how screwed up is that, huh? If she had listened to him I wouldn’t be standing here right now.  
 JAKE: Well, Luke, I don’t want to lie to you. If Brooke has this kid, you’re life, it’s going to change. Where’s your head at?  
 LUCAS: My head says we’re not ready to be parents yet. I can’t even take care of myself. Plus there’s college. Not just for me but for Brooke, too. God, my mom is going to freak out.  
 [Nathan’s Apartment]  
 (Nathan is filling out a For Sale sign for his Mustang. Haley comes in behind him)  
 HALEY: Hey.  
 NATHAN: Hey. (She sees the sign)  
 HALEY: Are you kidding?  
 NATHAN: I’ve got to sell the car to pay for the apartment.  
 HALEY: What is your dad going to say?  
 NATHAN: He can say whatever he wants, it’s still my car.  
 HALEY: You know, if you need some extra money I could always be your sugar mama. (She kisses his neck and he doesn’t respond) What’s wrong?  
 NATHAN: Nothing, it’s just I’m, you said you weren’t ready so I’m trying to respect that.  
 HALEY: So we can’t even kiss now?  
 NATHAN: No, I’m just trying to make you comfortable.  
 HALEY: I’m sorry, Nathan, I know this is so not fair to you.  
 NATHAN: No. Actually it’s not fair to you.  
 HALEY: I just -  
 NATHAN: Just, don’t apologize, okay? (he gets up and leaves)  
 [Brooke’s room]  
 (She is lying in bed at night looking at the ceiling)  
 [Lucas’ Room]  
 (He is awake in bed, too. He looks at the clock. It’s almost 4 am.)  
 [Kitchen]  
 (Karen is getting a drink and Lucas comes into the room)  
 LUCAS: Mom?  
 KAREN: Hey. Did I wake you?  
 LUCAS: No.  
 KAREN: Sometimes I can’t sleep. I just lie awake and worry.  
 LUCAS: What are you worried about?  
 KAREN: I’m a mother, Lucas. I worry about everything. What are you doing up?  
 LUCAS: There’s something I have to tell you. You should sit.  
 KAREN: Okay. I think I’ll stand.  
 LUCAS: This is going to hurt you, mom. And I’m sorry.  
 KAREN: What happened?  
 LUCAS: Brooke’s pregnant. (She slaps him)  
 KAREN: Oh my God, Lucas, I’m sorry.  
 LUCAS: I guess I deserved that. (he walks towards his room)  
 KAREN: Lucas. (They go into his room. They are both crying) Look, I didn’t mean it Lucas.  
 LUCAS: I’m pretty sure you did.  
 KAREN: No, I didn’t! It’s just that, do you understand? This is exactly what I didn’t want for you. Have I been talking to my self the last few years? You have so much left to do in life. So does Brooke. (She hugs him) Oh God you’re both just too young for this.  
 LUCAS: Don’t cry, mom.  
 KAREN: It’s just that I’m scared for you. I cannot believe that this is happening. (They sit on the bed)  
 LUCAS: How close was I to not existing? Dan wanted to have an abortion, mom. Why didn’t you listen to him?  
 KAREN: Because I realized that I wanted you in my future. What does Brooke want?  
 LUCAS: I don’t know.  
 KAREN: Oh she must be so scared. (She hugs him) Lucas.  
 LUCAS: What are we going to do?  
 [Karen’s Café]  
 (Haley serves Lucas a plate of food)  
 HALEY: Alright, hot off the grill, my friend. I super sized it.  
 LUCAS: Not hungry.  
 HALEY: Alright, more for me. So, uh, I’ve got to ask you kind of a personal question. Just out of curiosity. How many times per minute do guys think about s*x?  
 LUCAS: Per minute?  
 HALEY: Yeah, Elle magazine said that guys think about s*x like every, 30 seconds.  
 LUCAS: You’re thinking about having s*x with him.  
 HALEY: Shh.  
 LUCAS: Sorry.  
 HALEY: Look, it just keeps coming up. And - (He looks at her weird) Sorry. Wrong words.  
 LUCAS: Look, it’s not my place to tell you how to live your life, Hales. But for what it’s worth, I wish I would have waited.  
 HALEY: Really?  
 LUCAS: All I’m saying, is just look past the moment. If you’re not ready, then just wait. Okay?  
 [Deb’s House]  
 (Nathan is sitting in the living room going through a folder)  
 DEB: I didn’t hear you come in.  
 NATHAN: I didn’t make any noise.  
 DEB: Your father stopped by, he wanted you address but I wouldn’t give it to him.  
 NATHAN: He found me anyway.  
 DEB: Sorry. Nathan, you can come home anytime, you know that right? I’m still here.  
 NATHAN: I don’t want to come home.  
 DEB: You know, I walk around this empty house and it doesn’t seem real. I wish I could go back and do things differently.  
 NATHAN: I need to ask you a question.  
 DEB: Okay.  
 NATHAN: Why’d you do it?  
 DEB: What?  
 NATHAN: Cheat on dad.  
 DEB: I was confused. We were married so young and suddenly I was a wife and a mother before I was my own person. But when we grew up, we grew apart.  
 NATHAN: Why, mom? Why did you guys grow apart?  
 DEB: I wish I knew, Nathan. But none of that makes what I did right.  
 NATHAN: Cause you were married?  
 DEB: Because I had a commitment to him. And to you. Those moments of what I mistook for happiness weren’t worth the cost of hurting someone I loved. And losing you over it now. (he walks out)  
 [Outside Lucas’ House]  
 (Nikki is waiting for him on his porch)  
 LUCAS: Nikki?  
 NIKKI: Hey, stranger.  
 LUCAS: How’d you find me?  
 NIKKI: I found out you were on Jake’s basketball team, after that it didn’t take a private eye.  
 LUCAS: Oh, you know Jake?  
 NIKKI: Pretty well, actually. Jenny’s my daughter. Small world, huh?  
 LUCAS: Oh, look, Jake’s a good friend, okay? I had no idea.  
 NIKKI: And neither did I and that’s why I don’t want you to say anything.  
 LUCAS: I didn’t know who you were.  
 NIKKI: Lucas, I’m trying to get my family back together, and it’s not going so well. Remember that night? What you told me about your dad? How you feel about him? I don’t want Jenny to ever say the same thing about me. I still have a chance to correct my mistake, Lucas. Please, don’t say anything.  
 [Keith’s House]  
 (Lucas walks in)  
 LUCAS: Keith?  
 KEITH: Hey, Luke.  
 LUCAS: Hey.  
 KEITH: I called you a couple of times. How’ve you been?  
 LUCAS: Nah, I’m good, it’s just, I’ve been dealing with some stuff.  
 KEITH: Yeah, me too. It’s really good to see you. How’s the rehab going?  
 LUCAS: Oh, it’s good. It’s good. It should be ready for the playoffs.  
 KEITH: Yeah you look a lot better. Sit down. How’s everything else.  
 LUCAS: Like what?  
 KEITH: Like the rest of your life. What’s going on?  
 LUCAS: There’s something I wanted to ask you.  
 KEITH: Sure.  
 LUCAS: When my mom got pregnant, and Dan left, why didn’t you? Why’d you stand by her?  
 KEITH: Well, it was the right thing to do. And I loved her, and I wanted to protect her. But, she really didn’t need it.  
 LUCAS: She’s pretty tough, huh?  
 KEITH: Your mom could have been anything in this life.  
 LUCAS: Yeah, if it wasn’t for me.  
 KEITH: Luke, you’re the best thing that ever happened to your mom. Trust me.  
 LUCAS: Look, Keith, I just wanted to apologize. For the way I acted when my mom was in Italy. Brooke and all.  
 KEITH: That’s water under the bridge. No damage done, right?  
 LUCAS: Right. I should take off.  
 KEITH: Yeah. Uh, Luke. You know I’m proud of you, right?  
 LUCAS: Sure.  
 KEITH: And I’ll always be there for you. You know, even if I’m not around as much.  
 LUCAS: Yeah, I know. Is everything okay?  
 KEITH: Yeah, everything’s good.  
 LUCAS: Okay.  
 KEITH: Alright, I’ll see you.  
 LUCAS: See ya. (he leaves)  
 [Outside]  
 (Haley and Nathan are sitting on a bench)  
 HALEY: Nathan, I know I’m driving you crazy.  
 NATHAN: No you’re not.  
 HALEY: Do you think that I’m a tease?  
 NATHAN: Stop it.  
 HALEY: Well what do you think?  
 NATHAN: I think that you’re my girlfriend, and I like to spend time with you. Look I just don’t want to push you.  
 HALEY: You’re not.  
 NATHAN: But I am. Haley, you got a tattoo for god sakes. It just freaks me out a little bit, because obviously this whole thing with us means a lot to you. I just don’t want to do anything to pressure you. Or drive you away. Even though sometimes I can’t help it. Just like I can’t help that I fell in love with you. Cause I did. I love you, Haley. And it scares me, a little bit, but, there it is.  
 HALEY: Wow. There it is. (She kisses him) I love you too. (They continue to kiss)  
 [Dan Scott Motors]  
 (Lucas comes into Dan’s office)  
 DAN: Something I can help you with?  
 LUCAS: Not really. I just wanted to thank you for filling in some of the blanks for me about how you felt when my mom got pregnant.  
 DAN: Glad to be of help. How’s that situation with Brooke?  
 LUCAS: None of your business.  
 DAN: No? Isn’t that why you really came here?  
 LUCAS: You know, before this happened to me, I never quite understood how you could be so selfish. Everyday of my life I wondered. Until now.  
 DAN: Now you see the other side.  
 LUCAS: Yeah I guess I do.  
 DAN: Don’t be so quick to judge me, Lucas. It’s easy to have all the answers from a distance. But everybody makes decisions they regret. Me. Your mother. Keith. But we learn to live with it. It’s part of life.  
 LUCAS: Not my life. Not yet.  
 DAN: Yeah. Yeah, I felt that once. Then I grew up. (Lucas leaves)  
 [Karen’s Café]  
 KAREN: I was hoping you’d come by soon. We obviously need to talk.  
 KEITH: I’m going to make a change, Karen.  
 KAREN: What do you mean?  
 KEITH: Well, I woke up this morning and everything just felt far away. And then I went outside and for the first time, Tree Hill didn’t feel like home. And I just thought, why am I still here? You know? I never planned on spending my whole life here, and I just needed someone to remind me. And you did that. And it’s okay.  
 KAREN: Are you leaving?  
 KEITH: There’s not time like the present, right?  
 KAREN: Keith, this isn’t because of me.  
 KEITH: No, it’s because of me. You did me a favor, Karen. By going to Italy, and by saying no to me. You woke me up. And I appreciate that.  
 KAREN: Where are you going to go?  
 KEITH: I don’t know. But I got to say. It feels really good to have options. (He gets up touches Karen’s shoulder on his way out)  
 [Brooke’s Room]  
 (She is on her bed watching TV. Lucas comes in)  
 BROOKE: What part of stay away from me do you not understand?  
 LUCAS: Just give me 60 seconds, okay?  
 BROOKE: I’m sorry but argument cutoff was 9 o’clock.  
 LUCAS: Well, I don’t want to argue. You don’t even have to say anything. Just listen. My dad didn’t want me, okay? Not just that he didn’t want to claim me, he didn’t want me to be born, I always thought that when I started a family I’d be, older, and settled, and I’d be -  
 BROOKE: In love?  
 LUCAS: Yeah. But so did my mom.  
 BROOKE: Lucas-  
 LUCAS: No, this whole thing scares the hell out of me, okay? But whatever you decide to do, I’ll be there. And if you’re not ready, then you’re not ready, but if you want to have this baby, then so do I. And whatever it takes for me to be a good father, I‘ll be there. Always. I promise you. I won‘t let you down. (She starts crying) Hey.  
 BROOKE: I lied.  
 LUCAS: What?  
 BROOKE: I’m not pregnant.  
 LUCAS: But I saw the test.  
 BROOKE: I know. Then when the doctor called he said I wasn’t pregnant, he said that can happen.  
 LUCAS: Okay, no, no, no. I was standing right there when he called.  
 BROOKE: And you had just called me a slut.  
 LUCAS: So you lied to me to punish me?! How could you do that?  
 BROOKE: How could you cheat on me with my best friend?!  
 LUCAS: Brooke. I never meant to hurt you.  
 BROOKE: That doesn’t really matter, Lucas. Cause in the end it all hurts just the same.  
 [Dan’s office]  
 (He opens a box with a birthday card from Nathan. He finds an envelope with a lot of old pictures and newspaper cutouts of Lucas growing up.)  
 [Jake’s House]  
 (Peyton is holding Jenny on the couch and Jake is sleeping next to her. Nikki is standing outside the window watching them.)  
 [Pawn Shop]  
 (Keith stands outside and looks at the ring then goes inside)  
 [Brooke’s Room]  
 (She is on her bed crying)  
 [Lucas’ Kitchen]  
 (He is sitting at the table with his head in his hands. Karen comes in)  
 LUCAS: Brooke’s not pregnant. (She looks relieved) It was just a scare.  
 KAREN: Are you okay?  
 LUCAS: Not really. (he hugs her) Mom, thanks.  
 KAREN: For what?  
 LUCAS: Everything. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 