Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x06 - Sabotage - Numb3rs 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x06 - Sabotage https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=1003&t=42503 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/14/21 13:38 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x06 - Sabotage 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 ( train chugging ) 
 ( train whistle blowing ) 
 ( brakes screeching ) 
 ( metal crunching ) 
 MAN: I handle the throttle and the brakes. 
 Jack watches the other systems. 
 You drive a train with math. 
 It's not like driving a car. 
 You can't just step on the gas or hit the brakes. 
 Got something up ahead. 
 Vehicle on the track. 
 ( train horn honking ) 
 ( brakes screeching ) 
 ( siren whooping ) 
 DON: What was the kid doing there? 
 Homework assignment on Dad's job. 
 Day you take your kid to work, you get in a wreck. 
 ( train horn honking ) Dad, what's going on? 
 Jim, stay down Grab on to something. 
 Emergency brakes! 
 ( brakes screeching ) Damn it! 
 The sander valve must be plugged. 
 What does the sander do? 
 Well, it sprays sand on the track to increase traction. 
 That wouldn't have stopped them in time. 
 A train at that speed has the kinetic energy of a small atomic weapon. 
 Then why release the valve? 
 He was thinking about the kids. 
 Take over the controls. I'm gonna open the valve by hand. 
 But we're still gonna crash. 
 The only chance those kids have. 
 Brace your feet against the wall. 
 ( kisses ) I'll be right back. 
 ( bell clanging ) 
 Hang on, Jimbo. 
 Dad! 
 ( siren wails in distance ) 
 Jim, I'm very sorry about your father. 
 ( sniffles ) 
 ( weeping ) 
 Is it true no one was on the bus? 
 My husband died trying to save children who weren't even there? 
 Who leaves an empty school bus on the railroad tracks? 
 MAN: Six wrecks in three years? 
 All copies of previous accidents. 
 This one is based on a crash in Utah, where seven kids died. 
 He always leaves one of these. 
 All the notes are the same. 
 Just a series of numbers. 
 Looks like a code. ( phone rings ) 
 This is Eppes. 
 Okay. Put it through. 
 This is Agent Eppes. 
 MAN: I want to speak to the agent in charge of the train accident. 
 You got him. Who's this? 
 Do you have my note? 
 Save yourself time and effort. 
 Everything you need is in that note. 
 ( call disconnects ) 
 Hung up? 
 Male or female? 
 Male. 
 What have you got from these? 
 Well, our cryptographers have gone over it. 
 If it is a code, it's unbreakable. 
 Wouldn't count on it. 
 ( train chugging ) 
 CHARLIE: We all use math everyday. 
 To predict weather. 
 To tell time. 
 To handle money. 
 Math is more than formulas and equasions. 
 It's logic. 
 It's rationality. 
 It's using your mind to solve the biggest mysteries we know. 
 Our saboteur has staged six attacks, all recreations of previous accidents. 
 This is a photo of the original accident in New Jersey, caused by signal malfunction. 
 He re-created it... right outside Fresno. 
 This is the famous accident at the Cabot Bayou. 
 Now, a barge hit the bridge, knocking tracks out of alignment, and the warning system failed to alert the train. 
 Now, our saboteur, he jimmies this track here in Seattle. 
 Shorted out the warning system. Eight people died. 
 Every accident he's copied is based on incidents that include railroad negligence? 
 That's right. 
 DON: So someone has a problem with the rail system. 
 You're thinking a disgruntled railroad employee? 
 TERRY: Or a victim of a train wreck. 
 I mean, whatever the motivation, I-I'm saying we're dealing with terrorism here. 
 What do you make of these, Terry? 
 Every note he's left is identical, which is a signature of sorts, his way of taking credit. Now he's added phone calls, which means his need to explain his actions is growing. 
 So, what's he trying to tell us? 
 ( knocking ) Hey. 
 Oh, good. 
 Charlie, uh... 
 This is my brother, he's, uh, a consultant with the bureau. 
 This is Inspector Sutter, with the NTSB, the National Transportation Safety Board. 
 This is, uh, Amita. 
 Hi. You're a consultant as well? 
 Uh, no. Charlie's my thesis advisor, so sometimes I work with him on school and consulting cases. 
 Hey, can I take a look at the code? 
 Yeah. Why don't you grab a seat here. 
 So, uh, how long have you studied cryptography? 
 I haven't, really. 
 I work in applied mathematics. 
 DON: Wha-What we're dealing with here is a saboteur who staged a series of train wrecks that have two things in common. 
 One: He leaves the same note at every scene. 
 Two: He's re-creating accidents that are supposedly based on railroad negligence. 
 So you... Wait. 
 You're saying that it's exactly the same note every time? 
 That's right. 
 And he says everything that we need to know is in the notes. 
 ( train engine roaring ) 
 Well... 
 Just by looking at it, I can tell you that this note begins and ends with a prime number. 
 Um... 
 This row and this column equal identical sums. 
 The grouping of four down here is the same as the grouping of four up here, only backwards. 
 And, uh... the only number repeated is 36, Yes, 36, one, two... 
 It reoccurs three times. 
 That's amazing. 
 Well, what would be amazing is if I could tell you why they're arranged that way. 
 Wait a minute. 
 Charlie, as in Charles Eppes? 
 Yeah. 
 I studied electrical engineering at M.I.T. 
 Oh. 
 Your paper on H-infinity control of nonlinear systems blew my mind. 
 I-It changed my whole views on control theory. 
 Well, yeah, that was a fun project, sure. 
 This is a real honor, you know? 
 It took us four weeks to even pick up the 36 repetition, but we think it's... it's something important to the saboteur. 
 Maybe 36 relates to the key? 
 DAVID: The key? 
 Yeah, the key is, um, anything that will unlock the code. 
 Right, and it could be anything: a sentence, a word, a book. 
 In fact a famous example is in, uh, 1820. 
 A man from Virginia named Thomas Beale claimed to have hidden $25 million in gold. 
 The location of the treasure was hidden within a coded message that really just looked like a string of numbers. 
 Now, he created that code by using a key. 
 And that key was the Declaration of Independence. 
 Three referred to the first letter of the third word, Six to the first letter of the sixth word, and so on. 
 TERRY: So we need the key to crack the code? 
 Finding the key is one way to attack the code, but there's actually a whole spectrum of mathematical tools I can utilize. 
 ( phone rings ) 
 First, I can do a statistical analysis of the numbers, then I can also work the cipher text by using a Kasiski exam. 
 Oh. Wouldn't Kasiski be problematic due to the lack of spaces? 
 Not if you consider multiple grouping possibilities. 
 A trainspotter's come forward. 
 Claims to have video footage of the crash. 
 All right, well, let's get ahold of that tape. 
 ( train whistle blowing ) 
 DAVID: As a trainspotter, you videotape trains on a recreational basis? 
 Yes, at that crossing, four or five times a week. 
 Catching those beauties coming around the bend makes a man feel alive. 
 Maybe you wanted to get some footage that was even more exciting. 
 You think I had something to do with the derailment? 
 No. 
 I live to see trains running on the rails, not off 'em. 
 But I can't deny, catching an accident like that on tape is pretty incredible. 
 I could kill those guys for running through my shot. 
 What guys? 
 Go ahead. Keep going. 
 All right, stop. 
 Right... Hold, stop there. 
 DAVID: Good Samaritan trying to help? 
 Yeah, stealing cargo? 
 I don't think so. 
 Wind it back to where that first guy jumps out of the van. 
 Ho-ho-ho-hold, stop. 
 To me, it looks like an acetylene torch, so we know they came to cut into those cars. 
 Yeah, they had to know about the wreck in advance. 
 Now push forward to the license plate. 
 Push forward where they drive off. 
 Okay, hold. 
 Just zoom in on that. 
 Got it. Trace that. 
 So we got his identity off the license. 
 This is Matt McDonald. 
 His van was used in a pre-planned robbery of today's train wreck. 
 We're gonna set a perimeter around his house. 
 If he's home, we'll try to lure him out alright. 
 Nobody moves unless I say. 
 David get anything on that threat call? 
 They traced it to a phone booth. 
 They're checking for fingerprints. 
 Professor Fleinhardt! 
 What are you doing? 
 I just... Nothing in particular. 
 I just wanted to see what you're up to in here and... 
 Some kind of number theory conundrum? 
 Perhaps I could offer some insights. 
 Well, first, it's not number theory. 
 It's a code. 
 And second, you hate number theory, so tell us why you're here and what's really going on. 
 I'm avoiding... 
 Laura Wilson. 
 The professor of Philosophy of Science? 
 She's the lady you go hiking with? 
 For years we've enjoyed this... 
 I don't know, um, delightful wilderness-based friendship -- entirely platonic -- but last night, she and I just veered... we veered off into the... the carnal. 
 I'm taking it didn't go well. 
 Actually, it was incredible. 
 It was primal. 
 I mean that in the animal, not the numerical sense. 
 But what I was saying, this was a perfect event. 
 And as such, untwinable. 
 So, because the s*x was great, the odds are against it ever being great again. 
 The replication defies the laws of probability. 
 So why try? Yes, yes. 
 Well, that's why I'm here. 
 I mean, it's the perfect refuge. 
 What do you mean, "the perfect refuge"? 
 Well, the Math Department... must be the least libidinous place on campus. 
 It's definitely the same van used in the robbery. 
 ( blipping ) 
 I've got one heat signature emanating from the dining room. 
 All right, surveillance indicates our guy Matt McDonald is alone in the house. 
 Look, he's our only lead. 
 I want to avoid a confrontation, so what would you think about going in, trying to lure him out? 
 Yeah, I could ring his doorbell, say I'm having car trouble. 
 Good. Let's set up a perimeter around the house. 
 Think McDonald's our saboteur? 
 Well, he's connected. 
 We just got to get him to tell us how. 
 ( buzzes ) 
 ( buzzes ) 
 Come on. Answer the door. 
 ( buzzes ) 
 What's he doing? 
 Wait a minute. What's wrong? 
 Why's the temperature dropping? 
 I just had it recalibrated. 
 All right, I'm going to go. Let's go, let's go, let's go. 
 All units go. 
 ( yelling ): Let's go! 
 FBI! Get your hands up! 
 I got an unresponsive male. 
 I need four. Move! 
 Dead. 
 This guy's a railroad cop. 
 DON: No sign of forced entry. 
 Stippling on the forehead so it looks like he was shot at close range. 
 The shooter was sitting across from him. 
 Met him at the door, grabbed a cup of coffee, sat down at the table. 
 DON: Two cups of coffee. 
 So, I'd say they knew each other. 
 David, uh, make sure any prints or fibers that we get are processed priority. 
 Got it. 
 TERRY: Looks like an electronics store in here. 
 DON: I mean, no way he stole all this off today's wreck. 
 HARRILL: We checked the cargo manifests from the previous attacks. 
 The computers came from the Fresno accident, plasma TVs from the crash in Seattle. 
 How many of the wrecks did he hit? 
 Four out of the six. 
 The corrupt railroad cop who was staging train wrecks just to rip off the cargo? 
 Seems like a stretch to me. I agree. 
 I mean, obviously, he knew about it in advance, but I just, I don't make him for our guy. 
 No, it doesn't make sense. 
 It doesn't fit with the re-creation 
 ( phone ringing ) of accidents or the coded messages. 
 Eppes. 
 MAN: Well done, finding your way to MacDonald's house. 
 Too bad I beat you to the punch. 
 TERRY: Sweep the neighborhood. He may be watching the house. 
 I don't understand; why'd you kill him? 
 Wasn't he your partner? 
 No. MacDonald was a thief and a dirty cop. 
 He used me to make some money. 
 He didn't understand what I was doing -- the importance of exposing the railroads for the criminals they are. 
 There are other ways, you know? 
 ( call disconnects ) 
 Hello? 
 He just hung up. 
 He implied he killed MacDonald. 
 He's escalated to hands-on violence. 
 Right. So, that'll make it seem like he's gearing up for something big. 
 We got to find out how he and MacDonald knew each other. 
 We got to get into his files. 
 Has anyone come across his files? 
 Hello, Mr. Eppes. Oh, hi. 
 Good to see you. 
 Nice to see you again. 
 ALAN: Is that, uh, Amita sitting out in the car out front? 
 Yeah. We just stopped by for a minute so I could check this text on encryption, code-breaking... 
 Uh, and you left her waiting in the car? 
 No, no, this is not the way we treat people, Charlie. 
 You bring her inside, you at least offer her something to drink. 
 You know, like an adult. 
 We just stopped by for a second. 
 You came in 15 minutes ago, Charlie. 
 Meanwhile, she's just sitting in that car out there. 
 Well, I just got caught up in something. 
 Yeah, I know, I know. I don't see what the big deal is. 
 That's exactly what I'm talking about. 
 What? 
 She likes you, you know? 
 Aren't you ever going to do something about that? 
 ( sighing ) 
 CHARLIE: Remember we need to know more about trains to find the key to the saboteur's code. 
 AMITA: So, you're familiar with these accidents? 
 Huh. The greatest hits of train tragedies? 
 Of course. 
 What is this, some sort of a research project? 
 You could say that. 
 What would be a big help is if you could identify any significant words or phrases associated with these accidents. 
 Wait, words or phrases? 
 Anything specific to the accident. 
 The track location, the cause, the people involved. 
 Yeah, I guess I could do that. 
 You know, you are missing a major accident here -- 
 Cajon Pass, 2001. 
 Train full of hazardous chemicals derailed into a whole row of houses. 
 About 30 people died. 
 Sounds like a bad one. 
 Yeah. Well, you know, uh, accidents are kind of just a small part of railroad history. 
 Maybe you'd like to learn more over dinner? 
 Oh, uh, sorry, we'll be working tonight. 
 You guys got MacDonald's case files? 
 Yeah. Apparently, he was working undercover with a group called the FTRA -- Freight Train Riders of America. 
 Yeah, I read about them. 
 They're like the Hell's Angels of the rails, or something. 
 According to his notes, the FTRA are into everything -- drugs, rape, murder. 
 TERRY: And they live completely off the grid. 
 Commit a crime, hop a train, vanish. 
 So, it sounds like a perfect place for our guy to disappear into. 
 Yeah, it could be where MacDonald met him when he was undercover. 
 Possible. 
 Or maybe it'll be in these. 
 This is interesting. 
 Bob Malone, aka Horizontal Bob. 
 Suspect in the derailment of the Sunset Limited in Arizona. 
 That's worth checking out. 
 Let me see that. 
 Says here he holes up in an Antelope Valley freight warehouse. 
 The first call from our saboteur, that came from a pay phone in Antelope Valley, right? 
 Well, let's hit that warehouse. 
 FBI! 
 Nobody Move! FBI! 
 FBI! Don't move! You, get down! 
 ( yelling ) 
 Get down! 
 Get your hands up! 
 You! Get down! You! ( yelling ) 
 FBI! Don't move! 
 Get your hands up where I can see them! 
 Get them up where I can see them right now! 
 FBI! Get away from the box! 
 Get away from the box now! 
 FBI! 
 Get 'em up! 
 ( screaming ) 
 Are you crazy?! 
 FBI! 
 TERRY: Move back! 
 Move back! Move back! 
 Okay. Don't move. 
 You're not moving, okay? 
 Does anybody know where Horizontal Bob is?! 
 Gee, I just think you missed him. 
 How about you help us out and we don't bust you for attacking a federal officer? 
 Yeah, dime out an FTRA brother to some government tool? 
 Yeah, right. 
 See, that's a bad answer. 
 Get over here. 
 Nobody's seen Horizontal Bob here? 
 Nobody knows who he is? 
 No sign of Horizontal Bob. 
 None of these guys are giving him up. 
 Only takes one. 
 ( clanging ) 
 ( thud ) 
 CRICKET: You got to understand the rails are our homes, our churches, our highways. 
 The FTRA don't mess with the trains. 
 So you don't think H-Bob caused the wrecks? 
 (laughs) H-Bob, that's another story. 
 Guy's a nut job. 
 He got no respect for the trains. 
 He shoved me off a flatcar, wrecked my arm. 
 Well, if I find him, he's not going to be hurting you again. 
 You check the Sacramento rail yard. 
 I hear he was up that way. 
 Let's call the Sacramento office and get them staking out that switchyard. 
 Well, hopefully the key is somewhere in the materials from the docent in the train museum. 
 Right next to his phone number. 
 ( chuckles ): Look at this. 
 "If you ever decide to eat again, call me." 
 The docent. 
 You think you... you think you will? 
 Eat? Yeah. 
 Call him? No. 
 He is not my type. 
 I'm sorry, but does that ever work? 
 Just coming out and being so... obvious? 
 Well, if it's the right guy, sure. 
 Certainly beats the alternative. 
 Hmm. What do you mean? 
 Having no idea whether or not a man is interested in you. 
 You really can't tell? 
 Generally, that is how you tell. 
 You know, they make a move. Otherwise... 
 Larry? 
 Are you all right? 
 Laurel Wilson cornered me. 
 So I explained to her. 
 I said, "Statistically speaking..." statistically speaking, "...our encounter, unlikely to be repeated." 
 So, she declared that I had broken her heart. 
 You know, believe me, I never intended to upset her. 
 I know. You seem pretty upset yourself. 
 Well, yeah. 
 She's a dear friend. 
 Witty and articulate and... tremendous trail sense. 
 I don't know. 
 Combining friendship and romance -- exceedingly risky. 
 The Cajon Pass accident killed 37 people. 
 The number in every note is 36. 
 Fairly close. 
 How so? 37 is a prime. 
 36 is a composite with multiple factors. 
 Right. What was I thinking? 
 Still... this Cajon accident is unbelievable. 
 5,237 tons of steel flying off the track at 90 miles an hour. 
 Did you just say five, two, three, seven? 
 Yeah, 5,237 tons. 
 How fast? 
 About 90 miles an hour. 
 Where did you get this information? 
 I downloaded the NTSB report. 
 Read me some more. 
 "While the NTSB encountered..." 
 No, the numbers. 
 Just numbers. 
 Locomotive number 
 4-4-0-4. 
 Train length: 3,218 feet. 
 The grade of pass: 4.2 percent. 
 Brake pipe pressure: 60 pounds. 
 14 miles an hour, increasing five miles an hour each minute. 
 Despite application of brakes, train reaches speed of 90 miles an hour. 
 Train derails at milepost 64. 
 Time of the accident: 4:10 a.m. 
 Every single one of those numbers appears in these notes. 
 So the Cajon Pass derailment is the key to the code? 
 The key is that there is no key. 
 The numbers don't represent words... or letters. 
 They're numbers, all from this accident. 
 It's not a code. 
 It's a story told in numbers. 
 Each time he creates an accident, he leaves a note. 
 And each note has the same numbers. 
 And those numbers tell the story of the Cajon Pass derailment. 
 Charlie, it happened on March 12, 2001. 
 That accounts for eight more digits that appear in these notes. 
 The anniversary of the accident. 
 Two days from now. 
 ( train whistle blowing ) 
 CHARLIE: Every number in these notes corresponds to the NTSB report on the derailment. 
 The length of the train, speed, number of cars... 
 It's all in the messages. 
 DON: Any connection between H-Bob and the Cajon Pass accident, Terry? 
 I'll check. 
 Anything from Sacramento? 
 They have agents all over that switchyard. 
 There's no sign of him at all. 
 There are still a few digits unaccounted for. 
 AMITA: These seven numbers, the letter "B" and 36. 
 What caused the Cajon Pass accident? 
 I think the NTSB report said that the engineer forgot to check the end-of-train brake system. 
 I'm sorry, I've just been over the report -- a lot. 
 I'm glad someone reads our work. 
 Well, 37 people died -- that's close to the 36 in the notes. No? 
 Seven numbers and a letter. 
 I don't see anything linking H-Bob to the Cajon Pass. 
 DAVID: Maybe the link is indirect. 
 Wait a minute. 
 California Driver's license -- a letter and seven numbers. 
 See if you can generate a list of licenses using all seven numbers and then check it against the NTSB files. 
 Right? Right. 
 The license belongs to Frank Milton, the Cajon train engineer. 
 He died in the crash. 
 Milton was deemed responsible for the accident. 
 Why would the saboteur leave a copy of Frank Milton's driver's license in his note? 
 Why bring attention to Milton? 
 Well, look, he's the engineer during the Cajon Pass accident. 
 The railroad blames him. 
 If he thinks they're trying to cover up their mistakes... 
 He thinks Frank Milton's a martyr. 
 Well, let's see what the widow says. 
 My husband did not forget to turn on his end-of-train brake. 
 The railroad lied to the NTSB. 
 How can you be sure? 
 He was the most meticulous engineer on the line. 
 His crews used to call him "Four-check Frank," 
 'cause of the way he'd go over the equipment. 
 Well, so what do you think happened to the brake? 
 Damn thing was always breaking down. 
 The railroad covered up the service records. 
 Oh, yeah? Yes. 
 Let me ask you something. 
 You ever seen this man? 
 Goes by the name Horizontal Bob. 
 Never seen him in my life. 
 Worst thing is, those corporate bastards keep trying to buy me off. 
 Every few months, I get cash in the mail. 
 
 
 
 Guilt money. 
 Don. 
 Yeah, can you excuse us, please? 
 Frank Milton was meticulous and detail-oriented and wrongly accused of causing a terrible tragedy. 
 He's supposed to be dead. Someone's sending the widow money. 
 It's not the railroad. Hmm-mm. 
 Is this your husband? Yes. 
 That's from our wedding. 
 DON: So, Frank Milton didn't die in the Cajon pass accident. 
 He is alive. He didn't want to be blamed. 
 Instead of facing accusations, he drops out, right? 
 He goes underground with the FTRA. 
 So what about Horizontal Bob? 
 Well, he fingers him to throw us off, right? 
 Mm-hmm. What he's doing, he's trying to wreck public confidence in the rail system. 
 ( phone ringing ) Hey. 
 Eppes. 
 The clock is ticking, Agent Eppes. 
 You're nowhere near catching me. 
 90 seconds to trace the call. I need a trace. 
 Well, I'd say I'm pretty darn close, Frank. 
 I know H-Bob didn't throw you off that train, I know you jumped just before the Cajon Pass. 
 That's how you hurt your arm. 
 You're smarter than the NTSB. 
 Yeah, I also know you're not responsible for that first accident, Frank. 
 Well, the railroad said I was. 
 The brake lines failed -- I told them the maintenance was shoddy. 
 They didn't care. 
 And 36 people died. 
 Look, let me ask you this. 
 Do you know how much your wife misses you? 
 You talked to my wife? 
 Yup, and believes in you. 
 You want to see her again, Frank? 
 The only way that's going to happen is if you turn yourself in. 
 No, people need to know the rails aren't safe. 
 We can do that. 
 Look, we can set the record straight, you and me, okay? 
 The railroad buries its mistakes! 
 Everyone knows it'll cost billions to make the rails safe. 
 They won't spend the money. 
 It's going to take something big to force a change. 
 Well, this is what I know. 
 Tomorrow is the anniversary of the Cajon Pass accident and I think you're going to try and re-create it, Frank. 
 And I'm here to tell you it's not going to happen. 
 There is no way you'll pull that off. 
 Agent Eppes, there are a lot of trains out there. 
 You can't protect all of them. 
 But even if it doesn't happen tomorrow, it will another day. 
 I have all the time in the world. 
 But when I'm done, the railroad companies will be in ruins. 
 All right, Frank? Frank? ( call disconnects ) 
 The call originated from inside the control room of the San Bernardino switchyard. 
 What? Yeah. 
 I got them. 
 I want to know how he got in here? 
 People saw a man in a janitor's uniform, no one thought twice. 
 But from in here, he can tamper with any number of switches and controls, cause hundreds of accidents. 
 And did he? 
 As far as we can tell, he didn't touch a thing, except for this. 
 He's showing us what he's capable of. 
 All right, well, now it's our turn. 
 Why don't you guys look around here. 
 Show me how this thing works. 
 This is Frank Milton. 
 We believe tomorrow he will attempt to attack one of 100 trains traveling over the Cajon Pass. 
 DAVID: We can't get the pass closed because we don't have a specific threat. 
 All we have are our conclusions about Milton's plans. 
 Yeah, it's the major freight rail line into L.A.. 
 Closing it would shut down 60% of the region's commerce. 
 DON: The kicker is, the guy's off the grid. 
 Hunting him down could take months or years. 
 Our best shot is at that Pass. 
 CHARLIE: Terry believes Milton will select a train most like the one he drove. 
 I'll rank tomorrow's trains according to similarities to the original; that way we can focus the searches. 
 Right, and I'll be in the yard, coordinating the searches. 
 TERRY: Crews will check their end-of-train equipment and the entire brake system before heading down the pass. 
 DON: Local cops will be walking the tracks, checking for any tampering. 
 I want cops posted anywhere that train slows down in case he tries to jump on one after the yard. 
 What about rail cops? 
 DAVID: They've posted the photos around the yard and tightened the perimeter. 
 DON: There'll be an armed agent or cop on every train just in case he happens to get on one. 
 You think Milton will try to sabotage a train with all this security? 
 Yeah, I do, I think he's gonna attempt it, but we're gonna be ready for him. 
 Hey, ready to go? 
 Not quite. Mrs. Milton is here. 
 Oh. All right. 
 Mrs. Milton. 
 Agent Eppes. Yes, ma'am. 
 Frank called me. 
 I couldn't believe it. 
 To hear his voice after four years. 
 What did he say? 
 He begged me to forgive him, and then he told me... 
 Please, Mrs. Milton, this is very important. 
 Time is of the essence now. 
 He told me goodbye. 
 On the Cajon Pass that day, apparently he... jumped before the wreck. 
 Engineers aren't supposed to do that. 
 As much as he hates the railroad, he hates himself worse. 
 He's going to kill himself. 
 Is that what you think? 
 Is that what he was saying? 
 He's going to kill himself? 
 ( whistle blowing ) 
 DON: All right, so we all set? 
 I've compiled data on every train car leaving the switchyard today. 
 All that's left is to compare those elements to the original train in order to find the closest match. 
 Did you use a computer program for the comparison? 
 You know what, there wasn't time to write one, but I can handle that. 
 You'll have to review over 100,000 data points. 
 Well, we're going to concentrate on the trains that Charlie flagged. 
 See you later. 
 SUTTER: The yard supervisor says that a train leaves every six minutes. 
 A lot carry munitions or hazardous chemicals. 
 All right, let's get the database up. 
 I've got to find the trains most like the one that derailed four years ago. 
 So how does this work? 
 These specs are from the original El Cajon locomotive and container cars. 
 This database shows today's trains, sorted by departure time and their relevant specs -- number of cars, gear ratio, engine model, HP traction... 
 ( clang ) 
 ( train chugging ) 
 MAN: All right. 
 All right, give me the first group. 
 Train HB-17 and PL-02. 
 Track 32 and 2 respectively. 
 Right, 32. 
 Track 2 train contains some cars of Naval munitions. 
 Well, that sounds like an ideal target -- why don't you take that. 
 Okay, let's go. 
 All right, ride-along assignments -- 
 Ortiz, you're on CC-3. 
 Varitek, IS-22. 
 Mulligan, HM-04. And hustle! 
 It leaves on Track 20 in eight minutes. 
 All right, give me the next train, Charlie. 
 ( train chugging ) 
 CHARLIE: That one. 
 PSP-31, track 24. 
 Hey, actually, Don, you know, wait, go, um... go to HM-04. 
 It's nearly identical to the original. 
 It's got several cars of nuclear waste. 
 Track 20. 
 Train number HM-04. 
 He shoved me off a flatcar, wrecked my arm. 
 Frank, it's over! 
 Don't move! Don't do it, Frank! 
 Frank! Frank! Easy, easy! Don't shoot! 
 You'll blow up the whole yard. 
 Shoot me, and there'll be a radioactive cloud hanging over the L.A. basin for a week. 
 Just put that down and go down to the ground. 
 Put your knees on the ground, Frank. 
 Don, are you at Track 20? 
 Don? 
 Frank, hold it. Listen to me. Just listen to me. 
 I know you want to settle your score with the railroad. 
 The best way to do that is to stay alive, Frank... 
 I'll tell my story when I hop on that train, ride it down the pass and blow it up. 
 Then everyone will wonder why, and you're going to tell them why. 
 Because you have the responsibility... 
 Charlie, tell the supervisor to move that HM-04 now. 
 We've got an explosive device on Track 20. 
 I sent Don to Track 20. 
 ( train whistle blowing ) 
 Frank if you set that off, you're the bad guy in this scenario -- is that what you want? 
 You want to die for no reason? 
 Is that what you want, Frank? 
 I should've died years ago, with everybody else. 
 FRANK: Ow! 
 TERRY: Don, you okay? 
 No, bomb! There's a timer running! 
 It's over, Agent Eppes. 
 Get train HM-04 out of the yard. Terry, get out of here. 
 They'll never get the train out of here in time. 
 I said fall back! 
 You can't hold him and work the bomb. I stay! 
 Don't move! ( grunting ) 
 All right, all right. Let's get it off him. All right. 
 Let's get it off him. DAVID: Don, don't! 
 Don't touch that. David, get out of here. 
 There might be a trip wire. 
 There might be a trip wire! 
 TERRY: Don't move! Ow! Ah! 
 Hold him! There might be a trip wire between him and the device. 
 What are you gonna do? 
 I got it. 
 Are you sure you know-- I know what I'm doing. 
 I got it. 
 You just hold him. 
 I got him. 
 ( high-pitched tone ) 
 Just hold him still. Don't let him move. 
 ( tone stops ) ( grunts ) 
 ( gasps ) 
 All right, get him up. 
 How'd you learn how to do that? 
 Don't tell me, you took a class at the academy, right? 
 First posting was in Tel Aviv. 
 Got my bomb training. 
 Guys, for following orders, not your best moment, but thank you. 
 It's all right, we got him. 
 It's okay, we got him, we got him. 
 We got him. I'll stand down. 
 ( sighs and laughs ) 
 Well, this has turned out to be a really good day. 
 You helped the FBI, and I managed to convince Larry to ask out Professor Wilson. 
 Really? 
 How'd you change his mind? 
 I used game theory, which says people will take bigger risks for bigger gain. 
 I pointed out that he has the opportunity to turn a good friendship into a great romance. 
 And he actually bought that from you? 
 He wants to do it; he just needed a good reason. 
 I know. 
 Amita, you know, you and I have been working really closely together these last couple weeks. 
 I've had a great time. 
 Actually, um, I was, uh, just wondering if... 
 Hey, Charlie? Excuse me, I'm sorry. 
 Amita, can you give us one second? 
 Yeah, sure, I'll wait for you downstairs. 
 I'm sorry, did I interrupt something? 
 Yes, you did. Well, look... 
 What is it? I just want to tell you that you're doing great work here and... 
 Oh. Well... well, thanks, thank you. 
 You know, I don't know anyone who could've done what you did with those notes, and I want you to know, I don't take for granted what you do. 
 I never thought you did. 
 Good. 
 So, what's the deal, you gonna ask her out already? 
 Well... 
 Don't wait too long, man, or someone's gonna snatch her up. 
 I know my due date, I'm sorry. 
 You're trying to show me up, man. 
 No, man. I apologize. 
 Okay, all right. Okay, okay. 
 ( laughter ) 
 There you go. Ah, excellent, Dad. Thank you. 
 Okay. Thank you so much. 
 No, no, no, I was a good student. 
 No, I just couldn't get into math. 
 Couldn't see how it could relate to the real world. 
 What? What did I say? 
 DON: I think you're about to find out. 
 Oh, you guys are on your own. 
 Good luck. 
 CHARLIE: Math is the real world, okay? 
 It's everywhere, okay? 
 Hey, can I show you? Please. 
 ( chuckling ) 
 Um, you see how the... the petals spiral? 
 The number of petals in each row is the sum of the preceding two rows. 
 The Fibonacci sequence. 
 It's found in... the structure of crystals and the spiral of galaxies. 
 In a nautilus shell. That's amazing. 
 What's more, the ratio between each number in the sequence to the one before it is approximately 1.61803. 
 Wha-What the Greeks called the Golden Ratio. 
 It shows up. 
 The pyramids at Giza and in the Parthenon at Athens and... and the dimensions of this card. 
 And it's based on a number you can find in a flower? ( chuckles ) 
 Math is nature's language, its method of communicating directly with us. 
 So... 
 Everything is numbers. 
 Okay, well, when you explain it like that, it's a lot more interesting. 
 ALAN: Well, it seems like your new math consultant's working out nicely. 
 I got to tell you, Dad, I can't think of anyone who could've helped us the way Charlie did in the investigation. 
 Just remember how Charlie is. 
 Can't seem to quit a problem. 
 He's still working on the same one he's had since grade school. 
 And what's that? 
 Trying to impress his big brother. 
 Come on. 
 ( chuckling ) 
 Yeah, I've given that exact speech to, uh, my-my junior class... 
 He is going to test the recurrence of the untwinnable moment. 
 You think, maybe? 
 Thank you for helping us out on another investigation. 
 Well done. 
 Well, it's always a pleasure to help with that. 
 ♪ And far away... ♪ 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 