Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x08 - Identity Crisis - Numb3rs 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x08 - Identity Crisis https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=1003&t=42505 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/14/21 13:40 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x08 - Identity Crisis 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Do I even need to ask? 
 ( men groaning ) 
 It's not what it looks like. 
 MICHAEL: Your brother hustling us? 
 I've only played once before. 
 I actually have a one in eight chance of hitting a set when I'm holding a pocket pair. 
 I'm about 50/50 to draw a flush with three suited cards in my hand, two off the draw. 
 I also count my outs. 
 I-I multiply by two. I add one. 
 That's roughly my percentage of hitting. 
 I'll be asking you soon to take my seat. 
 Your son is killing us, okay? 
 ALAN: No, not me. 
 The only other time Charlie played, I learned my lesson about gambling with a mathematician. 
 Weren't we playing with bottle caps? 
 Yeah... or else you'd have walked away with the pink slip to my car. 
 You know, there is some element of chance here. 
 You know, I-I-I may just be getting lucky. 
 That's funny, Sinclair. Keep that up. 
 It comes back to me when baseball starts. 
 CHARLIE: Baseball? 
 The FBI have a team? 
 Yeah, we got a whole league. 
 There's, uh, LAPD, Sheriffs' Department... 
 D.A.'s got the killer squad. 
 Now that Kraft's in San Diego, you guys don't have a power hitter. 
 What about Don? 
 It's not my thing. 
 Oh, you play? 
 Don went to college on a baseball scholarship. 
 What are you talking about -- you played pro second base. 
 Single "A" about a million years ago. 
 MICHAEL: That's great. You're this year's ringer. 
 No. I'm sorry. Not interested, buddy. 
 Come on, you gotta do it. Come on. 
 ( phone rings ) Excuse me. 
 Eppes. 
 We'll be right there. 
 OFFICER: And then what did you do, miss? 
 I tried the door, but he didn't answer... 
 Mm-hmm. ...so I went in. 
 Did you see anybody? Did you hear anything? 
 Hey. Hey. 
 Victim's girlfriend. Mm-hmm. 
 Coroner put time of death around 8:00 this morning. 
 Victim's name is Trevor Riley, 27. 
 Wanted on a federal warrant for stock fraud. 
 What'd he die of? 
 The same way as a victim from a previous case -- one you closed a year ago. 
 What?! 
 He was definitely garroted. 
 Head's nearly severed. 
 Same as the Lisa Bayle murder. 
 Check his back. 
 Yep. 
 Looks like a knee could've been pressed in here for leverage. 
 Also like the Bayle case. And this. 
 DAVID: Looks like the wire he used to kill him he wrapped around his work gloves here. 
 TECH: Maybe we can get some DNA out of these? 
 He wore latex gloves underneath 'em. 
 I mean, Cliff Howard confessed to the crime. 
 We have his fingerprint on Lisa Bayle's body. 
 An eyewitness put him at the scene. 
 Could be a copycat -- someone who read about the Bayle case. 
 No. We never released the detail about the gloves to the press. 
 Did I actually put the wrong guy in jail? 
 CHARLIE: We all use math every day... every day... to predict weather... to tell time... to handle money... 
 Math is more than formulas and equations. 
 It's logic. 
 It's rationality. 
 It's using your mind to solve the biggest mysteries we know. 
 We've got two victims. Same M.O. 
 One case is a year and a half old, the other is brand-new. 
 So, Riley here fancies himself an investment advisor, yet he's convicted of fraud, arrested twice for blackmail. 
 He's got spreadsheets on his computer. 
 We'll need a forensic accountant to untangle them. 
 What kind of blackmail was he into? 
 Check it out. He-He would sleep with married women, threaten to tell the husband if they didn't pay him off. 
 Classy. 
 Yeah. Nice guy. 
 The Bayle case; It was a solid job, Don. 
 Fingerprint, eyewitness, confession. 
 She was found in her car, although I'm pretty darn sure she was killed someplace else. 
 He was definitely killed in his apartment. 
 I mean, other than that, every detail matches up perfectly. 
 Hello? Anybody home? 
 ALAN: Yeah, Donny, I'm here. 
 Hey, Dad, where's Charlie? 
 Oh, I was just talking to Charlie. 
 He said your FBI team needs another hitter. 
 Why aren't you playing baseball with them? 
 Because I don't have time for that. 
 Hey, Charlie. You should play. 
 I mean, there's no reason to waste that experience -- they need a power hitter. 
 Look, you got a minute? That's what I was getting at. 
 All right, thanks. 
 Actually, I got a seminar in about a half hour. 
 Just give me a minute, all right? 
 This is a copy of a file we pulled off a computer that we think shows some kind of fraud. 
 The problem is our accountants are up to their necks in this big racketeering case; they're not going to be able to get to it till next week. 
 Well, love to help, but I'm preparing a seminar on zeros of random orthogonal polynomials. 
 This really isn't an advanced application. 
 Look, please, just do me a favor, all right? 
 15 months ago, I closed a case: the murder of a young mother. 
 Now, the guy's in jail, but the owner of the computer we're talking about here was just killed in the exact same way. 
 You suspect the two are related. 
 Well, that's what I'm trying to determine. 
 All right, all right, I'll check it out. 
 Thank you. 
 So, what... you think you made a mistake on your old case? 
 No. 
 I mean, we had solid evidence, but the similarity between the cases is just... it's too glaring. 
 Well, uh... who's the guy that's in jail? 
 Cliff Howard. 
 He had a record for robbery, carjacking. 
 I mean, he lived blocks from where we found the victim. 
 Well, a jury thought they had the right guy, didn't they? 
 No. Never went to trial. 
 Pleaded guilty to avoid a life sentence. 
 ( sighs ) 
 As I was removing Trevor Riley's body, I noticed the facing was loose, and when I pulled it off... 
 Must be what, several thousand? 
 AGENT: Sir... we got some more over here. 
 Here's the last of it. 
 About $525,000. 
 Yeah. No way he could explain all this to a bank. 
 Mm-mm. No mail in the box, phone's turned off, and all of his furniture's rented. 
 Whatever his scam was, he was getting ready to move on. 
 DON: Yep. ( opera music playing nearby) 
 Neighbor. 
 Let's go check him out. 
 ( turns volume down ) 
 I was at the opera last night when they found the body. 
 TERRY: We think he was killed yesterday morning at about 8:00 a.m. Were you home? 
 I was getting ready for school. 
 I heard him having an argument. 
 I had my music on loud, but they were louder. 
 "They"? Yeah. 
 The electrician. 
 Would you recognize the man if you saw him again? 
 Yeah, he's Hispanic. 
 Bald... 
 His van says "The Electrician Connection." 
 So, you're a teacher? Yes. 
 I teach music at Westmore. 
 Did you ever do any business or have any financial dealings with him? 
 No. I understand he was some kind of investment counselor? 
 Uh... I didn't have any need for that. 
 Teacher's salary, you understand? 
 DAVID: Were you ever at Trevor Riley's apartment, Mr. Salazar? 
 SALAZAR: Yeah, I was at Trevor Riley's place. 
 To fix the lights. 
 Yesterday morning? 
 Two months ago. 
 Did you do any other work for Mr. Riley? 
 Why? What's going on? 
 Any other work, Mr. Salazar? 
 I ran some grounded outlets for his computers. 
 Your company doesn't have a record of that. 
 My boss finds out, I'm fired, okay? 
 I've got three kids. 
 I got to take work off the books. 
 I went there before work, never on the clock. 
 When did you install the outlets? 
 I made three visits. 
 The last one was a week ago. 
 How is this an FBI... 
 Did you ever have any disagreements with Riley, at all, at any time? 
 When I was finished... he tried to underpay me. 
 We worked it out. 
 And you weren't there yesterday morning? 
 I was at the batting cages. 
 I'm there every Tuesday and Thursday. 
 Members can come and go whenever. 
 They don't have to sign in? 
 No, they get a combination. 
 They can punch it in anytime between 6:00 a.m. and 11:00 p.m. 
 Midnight on weekends. 
 What about a security cam? 
 Any way I can get a look at a tape? 
 It got busted. Foul ball. 
 TERRY: So Salazar has a fight with the victim, and his alibi doesn't hold up. 
 I mean, you got to figure an electrician's gonna have the fine-gauge wire used in both killings, right? 
 Yeah. 
 Maybe he did some work at Lisa Bayle's house. 
 You're thinking if we can prove Salazar killed Trevor Riley, then we find a link between Salazar and Bayle... 
 I'm thinking we should be focusing on what got Riley killed. 
 ( bat hitting ball ) 
 Riley was running a fraud... a classic pyramid scheme. 
 DON: Why don't you tell us what you know? 
 He sent e-mails to investors at Smith-Waterson that looked like official communication. 
 It's called "spoofing." 
 Those e-mails claimed that he was connected to Smith-Waterson; asked investors to send him information: user I.D.'s, security codes and such -- so he could get into their accounts. 
 Now, why didn't people complain about missing money? 
 Mr. Riley was a very, very smart man. 
 Instead of pulling out lump sums, which might draw immediate notice, he had a scheme to drain out of large sums without raising an alarm. 
 He started by taking two dollars out of each account... then he'd replace the money within a few days by taking two more dollars out of two more accounts. 
 So he'd put two bucks back, and keep the other two for himself. 
 He recorded them as accounting errors with amounts so small, no one double-checked. 
 Okay, so how does two dollars become half a million? 
 Okay... uh... good question. 
 And... 
 I've folded this paper twice. 
 It is now four times as thick as it was. 
 If I could potentially fold it 50 times, how tall do you think the resulting stack of paper would be? 
 Well, I mean, it's got to be at least a couple feet. 
 No, no, I'd say more like a building. 
 Tall enough to reach the sun. 
 Wow. 
 It's a geometric progression. 
 I mean, obviously, you cannot fold this paper 50 times. 
 A high school student named Britney Gallivan predicted a way to do it 12 times and then she did it with actual paper. 
 She set a world record. 
 How tall was it? 
 Oh... a foot and a half. 
 The same principal applies to embezzlement. 
 However, it takes twice as many accounts at each level. 
 It's a pyramid scheme... you know, it can't last, but... by the 19th progression, Riley had siphoned off $524,288... 
 Right, 'cause he'd always need twice as much to replace what he'd taken. 
 You run out of resources -- the pyramid collapses. 
 And, by the time it all crashes down, Riley's long gone. 
 DON: So you're saying he made solicitations to Smith-Waterson's investors. 
 I'd like to know how he got that list. 
 That shouldn't be too hard to figure out. 
 Let me see what I can do. 
 The Lisa Bayle murder case -- 
 I need you to look at the evidence and just see if there's something I'm missing. 
 I have no idea how to evaluate forensic evidence. 
 Well, it's just logic, Charlie. You're trained in that. 
 You know how to spot inconsistencies, right? 
 I mean, it's like when a mathematician makes a breakthrough. 
 He gets his peers... Right. 
 Peer review to check his findings. 
 It's what we do. 
 Well, just do me a favor and see if I made any mistakes. 
 What incriminating evidence was there? 
 First of all, we got a confession, we got a fingerprint, we got an eyewitness account. 
 I'll try to understand the methodology behind each of those. 
 Great. Thanks. No problem. 
 I got a line on how Riley got Smith-Waterson's mailing list. 
 His girlfriend, Mikelle Peters, works there. 
 You gave Trevor a list of your company's client e-mail addresses. 
 He said no one would notice. 
 Damn him. 
 He said if I didn't give him that list, he'd tell them about me. 
 So you were blackmailed? 
 Listen, you understand what you're facing here? 
 You're an accessory to fraud. That's just for starters. 
 He found out -- God knows how -- that I didn't graduate from college. 
 I lied on my resume to get this job. 
 He threatens to expose you, you kept dating him? 
 He had money, spent lots of it on me. 
 You know someone named Jose Salazar? 
 Who? Jose Salazar. 
 Oh, yeah, the electrician. 
 I think Trevor scammed him or something. 
 Just tell me if you recognize any of them, but take your time. 
 What do you think? 
 The second from the left. 
 Can you point to him? 
 Number two. 
 Okay, I need you to sign it to show that this is the man you're identifying as the one you saw in Trevor Riley's apartment on the morning he was killed. 
 Hey, Jose, got a couple more questions for you. 
 Aw, don't do this. 
 You go right. I'm on it! 
 Stay down! 
 ( handcuffs latching ) 
 He said he could add a zero. 
 To what? 
 To my $8,000. 
 17 years of savings. 
 Then you find out he's about to leave town with your money. 
 No, that's what you're telling me. 
 I didn't know he was moving. 
 We've got prints, we've got the right gauge wire in the back of your truck, we got an eyewitness that makes a liar out of you. 
 The morning that Riley died, I was at the batting cages. 
 You can ask anyone there. 
 We did. 
 The manager doesn't remember you. 
 You know a woman named Lisa Bayle? 
 April 9, 2004 -- where were you? 
 In San Diego. 
 Spent the week on a big job -- wiring apartments. 
 And I don't know who you're talking about. 
 I don't know. 
 You think he recognized her name? 
 Hard to say. He reacted. 
 And he's got motive for killing Riley, an eyewitness put him at the scene, he threatened the victim, he lied about his alibi. 
 Yeah, that's all good, but all we've got on Lisa Bayle is a similar M.O. 
 Could be coincidence. 
 Yeah... I mean... my gut says no, but I asked Charlie to run some numbers on it. 
 I'm going to go see if I can track him down. 
 Okay. 
 So what's the possibility that these two murders could have been done by different people? 
 Okay... according to the FBI's crime stats, in the entire country, three or four people are killed with a garrote every year. 
 Five percent of total murders in the United States take place in Los Angeles. 
 So, assuming that he didn't get the idea from the first killer, there's a 4.9% chance that this is a coincidence. 
 Yeah, I knew it would be slim. 
 What are you going to do? 
 Well, I'm going to hold Jose Salazar for the murder of Trevor Riley, and see if I can link him to Lisa Bayle. 
 And if Cliff Howard's in jail by mistake, I'm going to fix it. 
 Why do I have to tell you all over again? 
 Because I need you to tell me the truth about what happened to Lisa Bayle. 
 I told you. 
 I told everyone. 
 I killed her, and I'm sorry. 
 Okay, please take me through it one more time. 
 I needed a car. 
 She was lost, she asked for directions. 
 I pretended I didn't hear. 
 She got out of the car. 
 I came up behind her, wrapped the wire around her neck, pushed my knee into her back and pulled. 
 Her feet lifted off the ground. 
 I put her body in the backseat. 
 I'm sorry for what I did. 
 When I arrested you, you told me you didn't do it. 
 You said you were home alone. 
 I lied. 
 Cliff, were you coerced into confessing? 
 No. 
 You're not covering for anybody? 
 I did it. Alone. 
 And I'm sorry. 
 You know someone named Jose Salazar? 
 No. 
 Trevor Riley? 
 Never heard of him. 
 Mrs. Howard, remember me, Don Eppes, FBI? 
 This is Agent Sinclair. 
 What do you want? 
 We need to ask you a few questions about your husband. 
 Okay? 
 ( sighs ) 
 Cliff told you he did it and he told you he was sorry, right? 
 Right. 
 And I need to know, and you gotta be honest with me -- did he ever say that he didn't do it? 
 Agent Eppes, Lisa Bayle was a wealthy woman three months pregnant. 
 We lived three blocks away from where she was found. 
 You had his fingerprints and a witness saw him. 
 You're not answering my question. 
 My husband took a lawyer's advice -- he confessed. 
 He's a model prisoner and he expresses remorse and in 27 years he might get out when my son is 30. 
 DAVID: Mrs. Howard, we're looking at your husband's case again. 
 We need to know if there's anything he can add to his story. 
 Good. Look again. 
 But Cliff can't help you. 
 He's sticking to his story or risk losing his parole. 
 Mommy? 
 Hey, it's okay, baby. 
 Hey... okay, come here. 
 Come on. 
 Okay. Thanks. 
 Hey, Charlie. Hey. 
 What's up? 
 I wanted to ask Don about the eyewitness in the Lisa Bayle case. 
 Yeah? 
 Do you think Cliff Howard's lineup was conducted in the same manner as the one I saw yesterday -- the one of the man suspected of killing Trevor Riley? 
 Yeah, all lineups are conducted pretty much in the same manner, why? 
 Pick a number, any number. 
 Three. 
 Pick another number. 
 Six. 
 Pick one more. Okay, but this is the last. 
 One. 
 I asked you to pick a number three times and three times you picked a number between one and six. 
 Why? Why'd you do that? 
 Why didn't you pick zero, or 3,000 or seven? 
 Because you didn't write those down. 
 I didn't say pick a number that I wrote on the paper, did I? 
 No, I just assumed. 
 Exactly. A witness assumes that he has to pick one of the six people he's looking at, right? 
 His decision is based on that assumption. 
 Lineups are dictated by Bureau policy. 
 They're based on case law. 
 It's the way the Justice Department has run lineups for years. 
 That doesn't make it right. 
 How is this math? 
 It's not math, it's logic, really. 
 Mathematicians are trained in logic. 
 All right, look, there is another way. 
 It's called a sequential lineup. 
 We show photos one at a time, and ask each time, "Is this the guy?" 
 Studies show it reduces false positives, but it also reduces the number positive I.D.'s, even when the target is present. 
 If Cliff Howard was identified by a witness looking at a traditional lineup, then... well, then... that I.D. could be wrong, right? 
 Okay, I'll talk to the witness in the Bayle case again. 
 Thanks. 
 MAN: I've never seen him before. 
 Are you sure? Yeah. 
 I mean, maybe he did some work for you guys around here. 
 Yeah, he could have. I wouldn't know. 
 Lisa was in charge of all that. 
 I'm just trying to figure out if there's any possibility that this man knew your wife. 
 Why? 
 You're not going to want to hear this, but there are some questions about Cliff Howard's conviction. 
 The b*st*rd said he did it. I know. 
 I haven't seen you in a year. 
 I haven't seen you since you interrogated me for 48 hours. 
 Sir... 
 I had to call the funeral home handcuffed to a table. 
 I was pursuing your wife's murder wherever it took me. 
 So help me... 
 Now you want to tear these wounds open again. 
 I don't want to do that. 
 This your... your daughter. 
 What's her name? Paula? 
 Yes. Right. 
 May I? Go ahead. 
 She's a sophomore now. 
 Jonas, don't you want to know the truth about your wife's death? 
 Cliff Howard is the truth. 
 Oh, I see we're off on yet another exciting area of criminology. 
 Yep. 
 Don thinks he may have put the wrong man in jail for murder. 
 I'm trying to determine whether his case holds up or not. 
 So, what, you're analyzing modern American criminal science? 
 I'm working on an application of statistical analysis as it applies to eyewitness identification. 
 It's clear that the six man, side-by-side lineup is intrinsically flawed. 
 Yes. Yes, I can see that, but in this particular case that you're working on here, I mean, was the wrong man identified? 
 CHARLIE: We're not sure, but, uh, but under this system, it's possible that a witness identified the wrong man. 
 Well, yes, it's possible, but is that what actually happened here? 
 I mean, have you developed a test to determine that? 
 No. We're studying the methodology itself. 
 Well, why? 
 Not the accuracy of the individual result? 
 You're trying to say that we shouldn't be debunking the traditional method of identifying suspects through police lineups, even though it's seemingly unreliable? 
 Okay, I just... 
 Eh... 
 LARRY: Yeah... just... 
 I would just consider the implications just very carefully, you know. 
 'Cause this is a real murder case, isn't it? 
 I mean, someone has died and... 
 Yeah... I mean, yes, you've demonstrated that the identification may be wrong. 
 It's just that you haven't proven it was wrong. 
 ( door closes ) 
 TERRY: Mrs. Malloy, did he run towards you or away from you? 
 Away. 
 And it was dark. 
 Well, he looked behind. 
 He was about six feet tall and wearing a sweatshirt and, uh, jeans. 
 And this is the same man you saw in the lineup? 
 Well, of course he was there. 
 I picked him out. 
 Yes. 
 Have you ever seen this man? 
 That's the man I saw. 
 Okay. 
 Thank you. 
 Janice Malloy identified Salazar as Lisa Bayle's killer, but before, she made a positive I.D. of Cliff Howard. 
 Doesn't inspire confidence. 
 She was never cross-examined, since Howard pled out. 
 So we have an eyewitness that might not be reliable, and there's doubts about the confession. 
 The only hard evidence against Howard is the fingerprint on Bayle's body. 
 Which I want to get checked again, and again if we have to. 
 Let's do it. 
 ( keyboarding ) 
 I'm comparing a clean set of Cliff Howard's prints with this, taken from Lisa Bayle's body. 
 Right. 25% is visible. 
 The rest is obviously distorted. 
 Okay, so there is a chance it's not Howard's print, right? 
 A chance. 
 Mm, not exactly. 
 
 
 
 ( keyboarding ) 
 I found seven commonalities between the print found on the body and the one taken directly from Howard. 
 Here, the same ridges form dots, and here... the same bifurcations, and from that, I'd say that the print from the crime scene is Cliff Howard's. 
 Which would mean he did kill her. 
 CHARLIE: How do we know that everyone has their own unique fingerprint? 
 Because no two people have ever been found to have the same prints. 
 Mm-hmm. And you've examined everyone's print? 
 Everyone on the planet? 
 It's an assumption we make, based on a hundred years of empirical evidence. 
 It is. 
 How often does one part of someone's print resemble someone else's? 
 I couldn't tell you that. 
 We've never done those kind of, uh... population surveys. 
 Isn't random match probability the only way you have of knowing the likelihood of two prints matching? 
 Random match is used in DNA analysis. 
 Exactly. That's why, when experts make a DNA match, they don't say it's a sure thing. 
 They say there's a one- in-four-billion chance that the DNA sample comes from the same person. 
 But fingerprints don't have odds. 
 They just match or they don't match? 
 Two technicians before me also determined that this thumbprint belongs to Cliff Howard. 
 Why is that, why is that a thumbprint? 
 Why not, like a... a left index finger? 
 Because it has the arches, loops and whorls of a thumb. 
 See the center of this whorl here? 
 It's a clock face. This is 12:00. 
 What shape is this? 
 A cone. 
 Hmm. Depends on how you look at it. 
 See, from different angles, it's a circle, or it's a triangle. 
 A Penrose triangle, which is an impossible figure. 
 A cork plug, which can be used as a stopper for a round, triangular or square hole, depending on how you turn it. 
 See, you assume that this is a thumbprint because you approach it as such. 
 But is it possible that someone else has a left index finger... in which a quarter-section, turned sideways, has points of commonality with Cliff Howard's thumb? 
 I've been doing this job for eight years. 
 Are you better at it now than you were eight years ago? 
 Of course. 
 Of course. So... 
 So it's not pure science, it's interpretive. 
 It's an art, if you will. 
 CJIS has an accuracy rate of 99.7%. 
 That's 3,000 mistakes per every million searches. 
 Do me a favor and recheck the print against Salazar's other fingers. 
 I don't have to. 
 This ridge form is known as a butcher's hook. 
 It's rare, and Salazar doesn't have it. 
 On any finger. 
 Okay, tell me I'm crazy. 
 I think I've just found a way to express Calabi-Yau manifolds in a way that goes beyond the existence of a nonvanishing harmonic spinor. 
 Ch... Charles. 
 Has he been out there all night? 
 Well, on the bright side, it seems like Don's taken up an interest in sports again. 
 It's like the evidence proves him right and wrong at the same time. 
 Oh, yeah, the old paradox of Schroedinger's Cat. 
 Is that that Persian that keeps hiding out in our garage? 
 Mm-mm, it's an intellectual exercise. 
 I knew that. 
 Okay, this is vastly simplified. 
 There's a cat in a box. 
 50-50 chance it's been poisoned, but now here's the paradox: 
 Until such time as we can open the box, and observe the cat, for that time, that cat is both alive and dead. 
 Larry, I-I-I fail to see the analogy, though. 
 I mean, in reality, Don can't be both right and wrong at the same time. 
 ALAN: Well, of course not. 
 I mean, if a man is both right and wrong, something's gotta be wrong. 
 No. The truth of Schroedinger's Cat is that the question itself is meaningless until we look inside the box. 
 Let's say that I'm Alan Iverson. 
 Charlie, I'm not in the mood. 
 And I'm the only person in the world that can get past you for two points. 
 I just proved I'm Alan Iverson. 
 No, you just proved that, 20 years later, I'm still falling for the same fake. 
 It's a syllogistic fallacy. 
 It's based on a wrong assumption. 
 Yeah? 
 I'm obviously not Alan Iverson. 
 Yeah. 
 Saying that I am, then proposing a test doesn't change that. 
 So what does this have to do with my case? 
 You found a link between Salazar and Lisa Bayle because you thought he was guilty, and what if you're wrong? 
 Then finding a link to Lisa Bayle won't make you right. 
 Maybe there's a different link that'll tell you more. 
 Like a link between the victims. 
 Which would mean a... could mean a completely different killer, not Howard or Salazar. 
 Right. 
 So is this math or logic? 
 Same thing. 
 No. 
 No. 
 No. 
 What about him? 
 No. 
 He's always in cage four. 
 Tuesday-Thursday guy. 
 Me, I'm usually here five, six days a week. 
 Let me ask you this: Do you, by any chance, recall if he was here Thursday morning, the eighth? 
 I went to Vegas on the ninth. 
 Yeah, he was here. 
 Yeah? Yeah. 
 DAVID: Conflicting witnesses. 
 This guy puts Salazar here at the time of the Riley murder. 
 Riley's neighbor, Mark Andric, he puts him at the scene. 
 And you know, Andric works over at Westmore. 
 I'll bet he's probably getting in around now. 
 Maybe we should go and see if we can get him to clarify a thing or two, huh? Okay. 
 Put any more thought into playing for the FBI team? 
 Ah, you know. I played minor league ball. 
 The Stockton Rangers. 
 My last time up at bat, pitcher's on fumes, right? 
 Throws me a gopher ball, I mean the kind of fat, slow pitch you know is going over the fence. 
 Aw... you missed it. 
 Doubled. Okay. 
 By the time I got around first, I knew in my heart I'd never be more than a mediocre single-A player. 
 Signed up for the FBI entrance exam the next day. 
 ( bell ringing ) 
 Wait, I've seen that crest. 
 Lisa Bayle's daughter goes to this school. 
 I think she plays the violin. 
 That's gotta be the connection. 
 The kid takes music lessons from Andric. 
 Bayle and Riley know the same man and they're killed the exact same way. 
 It's not a coincidence. No. 
 Excuse me. We're with the FBI. 
 Is this Mark Andric's classroom? 
 Uh... yeah. He's out sick. I'm the sub. 
 Sir, I'd like to look through this drawer. 
 Is that okay with you? 
 Yeah, sure. 
 How long you been here? 
 Just over a week. 
 A week. 
 FBI warrant! 
 FBI! 
 Warrant! 
 TERRY: Going to the right. 
 FBI warrant! 
 Clear! 
 Clear! 
 TERRY: Bedroom's clear. 
 He's gone. 
 DON: The man we know as Mark Andric came here from Bosnia, 10 years ago. 
 However... 
 These fingerprints identify him as former Serbian Army Lieutenant Ramus Zeljada. 
 His right index finger has a perfect butcher's hook ridge form. 
 This is the same formation that was found on Lisa Bayle's body. 
 Must've figured out who Andric really was. 
 And given his history, I think it's safe to assume he used blackmail to try to keep him quiet. 
 But Zeljada, being a sociopath, he kills Riley instead. 
 Then he threw us Salazar to give himself time to disappear. 
 So we got two innocent men in jail and he's got an eight-day lead on us, so please, let's kick it in and see what we can do. 
 Andric lived in four cities in the last ten years: 
 Sydney, New York, Chicago, L.A. 
 Question is where does he go next? 
 He's been moving west. 
 San Francisco? Honolulu? 
 The man knows how to stay anonymous; not even a parking ticket to his name. 
 They've got him. 
 Off a credit card used at an Econo Xpress in Washington. 
 Seattle SWAT has the room surrounded. 
 All right. 
 Suspects surrendered after ten minutes of negotiation, unarmed and compliant. 
 Hold on. You say "suspects"? 
 We thought he was alone. 
 He picked up a partner at a truck stop in Bakersfield. 
 White male, 20s, stunningly poor hygiene. 
 Their hotel room was set up for low-level meth manufacturing. 
 Looks like they were settling in for a couple of weeks. 
 Here's your suspect. 
 Who's that? 
 The credit cards you had, where'd you get them? 
 Uh, a Mark something. 
 I-I know him from a bar in L.A. 
 I needed to get out of town. 
 He sold me the card for 200. 
 Sydney, New York, Chicago, L.A. 
 All cities with mass transit, fine arts, architecture. 
 They're all near bodies of water, have easy access to transportation. 
 Charlie, anything mathematical, logical? 
 I don't know. 
 You guys have all the experience in finding fugitives. 
 Don... 
 ...remember how you could never lay off low and outside pitches? 
 What?! Sorry, but low and outside, you couldn't stop swinging at those pitches, no matter how many times you missed, no matter how much it hurt your average. 
 Charlie, what are you talking about? 
 CHARLIE: Everyone has something they like to do, they can't help doing. 
 You can't help but swing at low and outside pitches. 
 What does Andric do? 
 What can't he stay away from? 
 Remember when we first talked to him, he was listening to opera? 
 Said he'd been at the opera the night they found Lisa Bayle's body. 
 All four cities where he's lived, they have world-class opera companies. 
 Hey, you're right. 
 See if there's any major operas in L.A. right now. 
 That's why he sold his credit cards to a drug dealer for almost no money. 
 Yeah, to create a false trail, to make it appear like he's leaving town when he's actually still here, man, and he just doesn't want you to know. 
 Zeljada had a poster of the singer Magdalena Urnatova in his apartment. 
 Her final performance of Aida is tonight at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion. 
 All right, well... who likes opera? 
 Anything? 
 Not yet. 
 DAVID ( over radio ): We have a visual on the suspect. 
 Continue to follow. 
 DON ( over radio ): Stay on him. 
 David, you got him? 
 DAVID: Haven't seen him yet. 
 Suspect's headed into the plaza! 
 ( woman screams ) I got him! 
 DON: Go! DAVID: I'm in pursuit! 
 Move! 
 Get back! Move! 
 Andric! 
 Get out of the way! 
 Get out of the way! 
 Do not move! 
 Stop resisting! 
 There's a gun against your head! 
 AGENT: All agents, suspect is in custody. 
 I give him credit; he knows how to resist an interrogation. 
 Well, I mean, compared to what he's used to in Bosnia, this is a cakewalk. 
 I still don't understand why he killed Lisa Bayle. 
 What's his motive? 
 JONAS: Mark Andric... yeah, Lisa knew him... 
 She spent a lot of time with him because she volunteered at the high school. 
 They worked together on a school history project of some sort. 
 Now, Jonas, I know how hard this is for you. 
 It's not easy for me to ask, but... 
 You want to know did I suspect there was something going on between them. 
 Yeah. 
 Yes, I did... though I wasn't sure. 
 I don't understand. 
 I mean, why didn't you tell me that before? 
 Didn't you think the possibility that she was having an affair might be connected to her death in some way? 
 Look, first off, I was your chief suspect. 
 If you knew that I thought she was having an affair, that would have convinced you I was guilty. 
 Anyway, almost immediately, you arrested Cliff Howard, and he confessed. 
 Okay... this is my last difficult question. 
 Lisa was three months pregnant at the time. 
 I don't think the baby was mine. 
 But after she died... 
 ( sighs ) 
 I didn't want to dwell on it. 
 And it didn't seem to have anything to do with why she died. 
 Do you think now that it did? 
 Yeah, I do. 
 The eyewitness was wrong. 
 The fingerprint technician made a mistake. 
 A mistake?! 
 Man, how can that be? 
 You know, I mean, we pretty much use science for everything we do these days, and I think... 
 ...you know, as long as there's people involved, there's, there's going to be mistakes. 
 Not to justify it, but... 
 I'm sorry. 
 The first thing I said to you is that I didn't do it. 
 I know. I told you I remember. 
 ( engine starts ) 
 ( clank ) 
 ( clank ) 
 Your sucker pitch -- low and outside, man. 
 You didn't swing. 
 You don't say? 
 You know, I've been running some numbers from your minor league days. 
 I wanted to see which ones are the best pitches for you to go after. 
 Charlie, I don't like to think about it too much, all right? 
 Why not? 
 If you can analyze your performance, you can improve it, Don. 
 Some things are about how it feels. 
 I think I can quantify what feels right about a particular pitch. 
 Oh, yeah. 
 I think the FBI might have a new power hitter this season. 
 I'd say so. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 