Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x04 - Structural Corruption - Numb3rs 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x04 - Structural Corruption https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=1003&t=42415 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/13/21 18:21 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x04 - Structural Corruption 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 ( birds chirping ) 
 In 20 years of teaching, I've never received evaluation comments like these. 
 "Boring." Me? 
 "Intellectually... inaccessible" 
 I thought we came up on this hike to get your mind off of this ridiculous thing. 
 I mean, one student even said I'm out of touch with cutting-edge thinking in multidimensional theory. 
 That one alone kept me up at night. 
 Everybody gets bad evaluations now and then. Come on! 
 Yeah, yeah, says the professor who never received anything less than a rave. 
 As with any large group, there are responses that cover the entire spectrum. 
 I once had a girl in my combinatronics seminar tell me that I was disorganized and I talked too fast. 
 That's an accurate observation, actually. 
 But, generally speaking, I mean, your students love you, whereas mine say my classes put them to sleep. 
 You're an exceptional professor. 
 I should know, I took classes from you. 
 But you were an exceptional young mind. 
 Perhaps I've lost my ability to reach the more typical student. 
 Hey, Professor Fleinhardt. 
 Hey, how's it... How's it... 
 How's it... How-how you... 
 How you... How you... 
 See, we're not even in class, and still my students run away from me. 
 I don't think that's it. 
 ( distant siren wailing ) 
 CHARLIE: Right... 
 They're right down this way. Come on. 
 Hurry, man. 
 ( officer speaking indistinctly) 
 So who do we have here? 
 Finn Montgomery. Male, white, 21. 
 CalSci student I.D. 
 CHARLIE: No way! It is Finn Montgomery! 
 He jumped. 
 Professor, my name is Finn Montgomery. Uh... 
 How could this have happened? 
 Sadly, it happens all the time. 
 DETECTIVE: Any witnesses? 
 OFFICER: Not for the launch. A couple after the landing. 
 Textbook header, probable suicide. 
 This is terrible. 
 I-I can really use your advice on some calculations in my engineering thesis. 
 Well, he could have stepped off the bridge instead of jumping. 
 Yeah, but there are other factors. 
 You know, while gravity pulled him down, the wind would have pushed him away from the bridge. 
 Well, look, there's not a lot of wind around here. 
 How much effect would that have? 
 Finn was wearing a windbreaker. 
 It's nonpermeable. 
 It offers an increased surface area for the wind to act upon, especially if he was moving. 
 But if we look at the point of impact, that's not what we see. 
 Wind and gravity are constant, leaving only the surface area. 
 Somehow, that was reduced. 
 What are you saying, he was unconscious? 
 Or dead already. 
 What's the difference between where he should have landed, if it was a suicide, and where he landed? 
 A foot to 18 inches. 
 A foot?! 
 Outside the margin of error. 
 Listen, unless there is a clear and compelling reason, I can't get the FBI to interfere in a local investigation because my brother has a theory. 
 That's not the way it works. There are indications that Finn Montgomery did not jump off this bridge. 
 Yeah, and to me, there's indications this is not just about physics. 
 Please, if you can just take a quick look, uh... 
 Look, everything I told you about the fall still holds up. 
 But, yeah, Finn Montgomery was in my office two days ago. 
 CHARLIE: We all use math every day... every day... to predict weather... to tell time... to handle money. 
 Math is more than formulas and equations. 
 It's logic. 
 It's rationality. 
 It's using your mind to solve the biggest mysteries we know. 
 Look, Charlie, this is the kind of information I need up front. 
 If the kid wasn't one of your students, then why did he come and see you? 
 CalSci is a small university. 
 It's a tight community. 
 Students often consult professors outside of their department. 
 He never tried to contact you again -- e-mail or...? 
 Maybe I was too... unapproachable, I-I don't know. 
 Yeah, well, maybe it had nothing to do with you. 
 But what if he was trying to tell me something? 
 All right, look, I'll make some phone calls. 
 But the FBI can't just insert themselves in these kind of things. 
 If the police closed the case, they might not mind me looking around. 
 I understand, and thank you. 
 I-I really appreciate it. 
 I mean, I'm not convinced this is anything more than what it looks like. 
 You never mentioned that you had a Fed for a brother. 
 A "Fed"? 
 I didn't think it'd be much of a selling point with you, Eva. 
 My views on government intrusion into academia are rather firm. 
 Oh, yeah? Would that be too firm to talk about Finn Montgomery? 
 His suicide or the Malone scandal? 
 Scandal? 
 Yeah, another student, Brian Malone, was expelled two weeks ago for falsifying data in a lab result, right? 
 Finn filed the honor code violations that led to Brian's expulsion. 
 Did they get into any confrontation over that? 
 Violence isn't an automatic response to conflict, Agent Epps. 
 No, but it's a popular one, Ms. Salton. 
 Eva, what was Finn's thesis topic? 
 It was an engineer's perspective on the work of architect Gaar Haybridge. 
 He designed the Cole Center downtown. 
 Right, he also did the Keyerleber Annex. 
 Something very inviting about that entrance, don't you think? 
 Yes, there is. 
 Finn was an intense kid. 
 He was obsessive about researching his thesis, but he was falling behind schedule. 
 When you say intense, you mean intense enough to kill himself? 
 All right, well, I'd like to take a look at his research. 
 Here is the key to his office in the library. 
 Thanks for your cooperation, Mrs. Salton. 
 Anytime, Fed. 
 Thanks, Eva. 
 DON: "Keyerleber Annex"? 
 Yeah, well, I was actually staking out a bank for three weeks right across the street and they had a plaque that described its architectural significance. 
 Look, I think we should check out this kid's work, all right? 
 You think his research has some bearing on his death? 
 Sure. If he was hitting dead ends, or he was late on his thesis, I mean, it might. 
 CHARLIE: Excuse me. 
 Uh, can we help you? 
 I'm a professor in the math department, Charlie Epps. 
 I'm really just so sorry for your loss. 
 You just need to excuse me. 
 Honey... 
 Are you, uh... 
 Were you one of Finn's teachers? 
 No, I wasn't. 
 He had come to me for some help with some calculations that he was doing for his thesis. 
 That thesis -- he was under a lot of pressure trying to get that done. 
 He sounded tired, frustrated -- that people didn't understand his work. 
 I didn't understand it either. 
 He was speaking a different language. 
 Maybe if I'd slowed down, taken more time with him... 
 These are beautiful sketches, Mr. Montgomery. 
 They're all Haybridge buildings. 
 Finn said the designs were perfect. 
 He could see so much more than I ever could. 
 Mr. Montgomery, would you mind if I, um, looked over some of Finn's research? 
 Because he asked me for help on his thesis. 
 When you're done, would you... would you walk me through it? 
 If I can understand my son's life a little bit better, I might be able to understand why he died. 
 I mean, I really don't think it's murder, but Charlie's got something stuck in his craw and he's done right by us, so... 
 TERRY: David and I will drop by the medical examiner's, see what he has to say. 
 It's got to be on the side, right? 
 If it weren't my brother, I'd never hear the end of it. 
 I'd stay away. 
 TERRY: Okay... and I can check out the kid's bio for signs he was depressed. 
 Well, on behalf of the Brothers Epps, I thank you. 
 I'll talk to you later. 
 You know, you didn't have to come with me. 
 It's your first jumper -- they can be a little intense. 
 So, what's the FBI doing, nosing around a probable suicide? 
 Agent Epps has a personal connection to the case. 
 As you can see, victim suffered extensive facial trauma. 
 Broken jaw, busted zygomatic arch, typical with face-first falls. 
 Skull damage is extensive. 
 Cause of death was impact from the fall. 
 Any indication that he was attacked or knocked unconscious prior to falling? 
 If anything happened to his face, it would be impossible to tell. 
 But none of his other injuries suggest an altercation or struggle. 
 You okay? 
 Yeah. 
 John, what's, what's our bottom line? 
 Odds are, this is a suicide. 
 But I can't rule out completely a homicide. 
 Thank you. 
 Come on, let's go. 
 DON: I understand Finn got you kicked out of here? 
 MALONE: Montgomery could've come to me, given me a chance to redo the experiment. 
 I would have done that. 
 And, instead, he gets you booted out of school. 
 Boy, I know how that'd make me feel. 
 I'm not saying I didn't fantasize about throwing him off a bridge. 
 His girlfriend dumped him a couple weeks ago, you know. 
 And he was always stressing out about his thesis. 
 That's normal, isn't it? 
 Finn took it to the next level. 
 Brian, where were you last night? 
 Friends came by to help me pack. 
 Crashed around 6:00 a.m. 
 Am I a murder suspect? 
 That's actually kind of cool. 
 That's funny. I'm going to need the names... numbers of your friends. 
 Dad... what are you doing here? 
 I called you; you hadn't called me back. 
 I would've eventually. Is everything okay? 
 Yeah, yeah, sure. 
 I need you to come to dinner at the house on Wednesday. 
 Um, I have a date. 
 Oh, yeah, a date? 
 Hey, well, that's good. 
 With who? 
 Oh, someone Art knows from yoga. 
 Yeah, her name's Jill. 
 He says she's smart, she's funny and, uh, quite flexible. 
 So I... we're having dinner at the house and I would like you to be there. 
 Wow, hey, no. 
 Just take her somewhere low-key. 
 You'll be fine. 
 Look, it's my first date in over 35 years. 
 I would like "memorable" instead of "low-key." 
 "Low-key" and "memorable" aren't mutually exclusive. 
 You know what my favorite date ever was? 
 Pepperoni pizza in a Laundromat. 
 Yes, which explains the conspicuous absence of grandchildren. 
 So, Wednesday, 7:30. 
 Bring a date? I can't. 
 Dad, I'm busy, and I don't anticipate meeting anyone between now and then either. 
 No, I just want to make it a couples thing, you know. 
 Looking like, seeming like... Well, I don't think... 
 Hi. Hey. 
 Mr. Epps. 
 Good to see you. You, too. 
 You'll think of something. 
 Give me a forensic psychologist's take on Finn Montgomery. 
 He went to university mental health four times during the past two months for major depression. 
 Insurance records show he ran out of his anti-depressant three weeks ago, never got a refill. 
 All right, so he breaks up with his girlfriend, he falls behind on his work, he stops taking the meds. 
 From a forensic psychologist's point of view, it is what it is. 
 It is what it is. 
 ( knocking on door ) 
 Oh, hey, Charlie. Here you are. 
 Look. Hey. 
 I've been looking through Finn's research. 
 He's made some very interesting observations. 
 May I show you? I'm sorry. I just came by to tell you we cannot take this any further. 
 I mean, to us, it's clearly a suicide. 
 No, I don't think so. 
 I know you don't want to think so, but listen, if you just step back from your personal feelings, I think you'll see... 
 Look, I'm not denying that I feel some component of guilt. 
 But I've made these adjustments based solely on the circumstances involved. 
 This kid had some serious problems, okay? 
 A student conference was not going to save his life. 
 Don't assume I'm being so irrational, you know? 
 Just because I'm not as detached as you are. 
 Hey, hold it. 
 Look, you got no idea the daily horrors my job serves up to me. 
 Detached... yeah, you're right, I'm detached. 
 That's how I function. 
 I'm sorry, I know, I know. 
 No, you don't know. Look, Charlie, I'm glad you don't know. 
 Terry and David gave you a day, okay. 
 I pulled some favors for you. 
 These people work hard. 
 I can't spend any more resources on this. 
 You won't, you mean. Right, I won't. 
 Larry. 
 Hey, Don, how's it...? 
 Good. Okay. 
 Something I can help you with? 
 Well, it's evident Finn was obsessed with the design and construction of the Cole Center Building. 
 There was some problem here that he was trying to solve, that he needed my help with. 
 So we must infer that it involves math. 
 Oh... if I'd given him five minutes... 
 Yeah, well, or ten... or a week. 
 It might've made all the difference in the world or none at all. 
 You know, Charlie, look at this way... you've got Einstein, dead for decades... Descartes -- centuries. 
 A scholar's research continues to speak long after he's gone. 
 And somewhere, in all of this, Finn Montgomery's going to find a way to talk to you. 
 Well, let's see, he's got engineering plans, soil reports, inspection updates. 
 Meteorological data. 
 Well, how does that relate to a thesis on Gaar Haybridge and the Cole Center Building? 
 The same math used in aeronautical design and fluid dynamics also predicts how a building behaves in wind. 
 And he was interested in knowing how the building would react to different weather conditions. 
 Suggests that he was investigating a structural issue. 
 I need to check out the Cole Center in person. 
 ( elevator bell dings ) 
 Excuse me. 
 What are you doing? 
 A simple experiment. 
 It's a pendulum. 
 Sir, you and the pendulum need to leave. 
 Okay. 
 It drew an ellipse. Now. 
 On paper, the design's sound. 
 From the simple experiments I carried out, I can tell you that the construction of the Cole Center does not match these plans -- that in fact, the building experiences excessive wind deflection. 
 For the non-engineers here...? 
 Deflection? 
 Uh, the degree to which a vertical line bends when force is applied. 
 A stalk of wheat deflects a lot. 
 An oak tree much less so. 
 Bottom line me. Is the building unsafe? 
 I'd need to run some simulations, I need to find out, you know, what are we talking about. 
 Are we talking about cracked plaster or something way more serious? 
 Finn believed something was seriously wrong with this building, but he didn't know what it was. 
 I have to answer that question for him. 
 The data I collected yesterday showed me that the Cole Center deflects six degrees in 30-mile-per-hour winds, so I've programmed this model to do exactly the same. 
 It won't pinpoint a specific structural problem... 
 But it'll show how a building that deflects that much will react under different types of stresses. 
 That's right. 
 If Charlie's right, and the Cole Center wasn't built according to its plans... 
 Someone made a legitimate mistake or committed fraud, which makes Finn a potential whistle-blower, and that exposes the Cole to millions in damages and repairs. 
 Not to mention a lot of bad publicity for the building and everyone whose name is on it -- architect, contractor... 
 Owner. 
 Finn Montgomery's phone records have him calling Elliot Cole's office several times. 
 As well as Haybridge, the architect, and Nevelson Contracting. 
 We have motive and suspects. 
 Yeah, what we don't have is evidence of a homicide. 
 DR. SABELLO: I was finishing up the Montgomery autopsy and found this. 
 Wasn't here before. 
 When the heart stops, so does the flow of blood to broken vessels. 
 But fluids thinner than blood keep moving, very slowly. 
 As a result, injuries incurred just prior to death take at least 24 hours for the bruising to occur. 
 So Finn Montgomery was injured before he fell off that bridge. 
 This could be a defensive wound from an object like a pipe. 
 Someone swung at his head... 
 He put up his arm to block it maybe. 
 Of course, it could have been self-inflicted. 
 Maybe while he was climbing over the rail, or maybe he struck his arm on the way down. 
 Those are two very different "could haves." 
 Get me the object used. 
 I might be able to match it back to the injury. 
 Okay. 
 DON: Mr. Nevelson, we'd like to talk to you about Finn Montgomery. 
 He called you about structural problems with the Cole Center. 
 If I answered the phone for every amateur architect and random complaint, nothing would ever get built. 
 Besides, I had enough trouble with the owner on that build; 
 I wanted to move on. 
 Elliot Cole has a reputation as a micromanager, right? 
 Yeah. That's how I knew the kid was blowing smoke. 
 Cole Center passed every inspection. 
 Cole wouldn't have anything less. 
 FBI! 
 What'd we do wrong this time? 
 What did you do wrong last time? 
 NEVELSON: This is Bob Mazzelli. 
 Chief of Security. 
 Are you aware that even without talking about inspections, the Cole Center doesn't match plans on file with the city. 
 I don't know anything about that, but my guys did the work exactly the way they were supposed to. 
 In '94, the city attorney investigated your company for a case involving stolen construction materials. 
 They investigated seven companies, hon. 
 Ours wasn't one of the two that got indicted. 
 If you're having problems with the Cole Center, I think you have to look for the lunatic that designed it -- the architect -- Haybridge. 
 Okay. Thanks. 
 NEVELSON: Thanks. 
 Is it just me, or you get the feeling that security guy kind of liked you? 
 Cat and dog thing. 
 Some guys like women who can handcuff them. 
 Can't blame him for that. 
 Hey... what are you doing for dinner tonight? 
 My dad's cooking for his friend Jill. 
 What, you mean like, a double date? 
 No, no, I mean, he'd be on a date. 
 You'd just be doing me a favor. 
 We can talk about work. 
 Nice to see your social skills are as sharp as ever. 
 Terry, I'm just trying to be up-front. 
 I don't want there to be any weirdness. 
 You know, given our history. 
 No weirdness, Don. Just history. 
 That a "yes"? 
 Maybe. 
 If I let you bring your cuffs? 
 ( laughs ) 
 Well, in that case... 
 DAVID: Mr. Haybridge, were you contacted about possible problems with the Cole Center? 
 HAYBRIDGE: Yes, I spoke with a Mr. Montgomery. 
 I told him he was wrong. 
 The Cole Center wouldn't be the first of your designs to have structural issues. 
 The concert hall in Seattle... 
 Had a minor problem. 
 A quickly remedied minor problem. 
 We experimented with thin concrete flooring, it didn't work out. 
 I might also add the financiers only noticed the sagging when I brought it to their attention. 
 Great. Do any experimenting with the Cole Center? 
 No. 
 Now, if you'll excuse me, I have clients waiting back at the office. 
 Mr. Haybridge, please don't make me follow you to your office and question you about fraud and possible murder in front of your clients. 
 Look, the Cole Center is my signature building. 
 But Cole froze me out after the design phase. 
 Why would he do that? 
 Because I'm Gaar Haybridge, and my buildings are famous because they're designed by me. 
 Elliot Cole wanted to be the big man behind the Cole Center. 
 You think he might have cut any corners, authorized any changes that could've compromised the structure's integrity? 
 Not knowingly. 
 Cole expects that building to last forever... as a monument to himself. 
 Hi, I'm Rachel. 
 Mr. Cole will be with you in a minute. 
 You can follow me. 
 He's just completed a call. 
 Would you like a seat? 
 Hi. Hi. 
 Listen, you're looking at equity of about $200 million. 
 Because I know everything, Steven. 
 Well, check your numbers and we'll talk tomorrow. 
 Thank you. 
 Sorry about that. How can I help you? 
 We're looking into the death of a young CalSci student named Finn Montgomery. 
 Ever try a standing desk? 
 It's fantastic. 
 You know, Mozart used one. 
 Uh, Montgomery... 
 The engineering student who thought there was something wrong with the building. 
 We directed his calls to the PR Department. 
 Is this the Michaelson agreement? 
 I don't see the changes I asked for. 
 Yes, they're listed under Addendum C. 
 Oh. He may have actually discovered a structural flaw in the building. 
 A student found something that the architect, the project engineer, three dozen city inspectors, and I missed? 
 Yes. It might explain why there's evidence Montgomery may have been murdered. 
 Oh, I see. 
 So we're talking conspiracy here. 
 Here you go. Thank you. 
 Well, you did put $300 million of your own money into the building. 
 Isn't that correct? Yes. 
 And the overruns forced you into bankruptcy? 
 Yes, and the success of this building got me out of bankruptcy and into a very profitable phase of my career. 
 Right. But during a non-profitable phase, it might make sense for you to do everything to stop hemorrhaging cash, right? 
 I love spending money. 
 I love making money. 
 Taking risks comes with the territory on both. 
 So, please, do your due diligence, send in an inspection team. 
 This building is as safe as kittens. 
 Thank you for your time. 
 Oh, you're welcome. 
 Uh... and if I did cut corners -- if I had compromised the safety of this building in any way -- would I have my office in it? 
 We'll be in touch. 
 Let's try an earthquake with a magnitude of 8.2. 
 A minor structural warning but, seismically, the building appears solid. 
 I owe it to Finn to find out what's wrong with this building. 
 Let's see how it does in high winds. 
 ALAN: You know, when I was working as a city planner, I saw every shortcut in the books. 
 You know, kickbacks, overbilling, pulling rebar from one job and trying to use it in another. 
 No, like this. Oh... sorry. 
 I make Cole for a narcissist, not a sociopath. 
 I get the feeling he's only interested in victories he can brag about. 
 Oh, my God! 
 The bread... in the oven. I forgot. 
 Relax. I got it. Just relax. 
 I'm just a little nervous. 
 Don't worry. 
 Everything looks wonderful. In fact, your son could learn a few things from you. 
 You know where we went on our first date? 
 All right, all right, all right. 
 A Laundromat. Dinner was pizza. 
 A little professionalism, You don't say? Please. All right? 
 Let's just... Oh, interesting. 
 ( doorbell rings ) 
 The building is within all required limits for earthquakes and wind. 
 And the tests seem fairly conclusive. 
 I feel like we're... we're missing something. 
 Whatever Finn uncovered must have been something significant. 
 Charles, can I tell you a story? 
 Yes, please. As long as it's not another parable from the lives of the great mathematicians. 
 No. This is about a sophomore student I once had -- Kevin Flannermans. 
 This was 20 years ago. 
 Kevin hanged himself. 
 Right. Well, Finn didn't kill himself. 
 Well, but, maybe just the possibility that he did -- maybe that is the variable that you are disallowing from the problem. 
 He came to me with an important question. 
 I owe him an answer. 
 Okay, well, you've ingeniously sidestepped my point. 
 You know, there are a few rare wind events that we haven't tested. 
 I'm sorry. 
 Usually, talking about hobbies is a smart move. 
 I'm supposed to know Jill's mother died in a skiing accident? How?! 
 She's stopped crying. 
 It's funny how Charlie gets stuck at the office at all the right times. 
 Okay. 
 We'll have a good meal, some nice wine and some pleasant conversation. 
 Everything will be fine. 
 Just tell me you asked if she eats everything. 
 She's not a vegetarian. I asked. 
 What do you think I am? Stupid? 
 I sure hope you like duck. 
 Oh, yes, I do. I have two -- 
 Paddles and Mr. Waddlesworth. 
 Oh, my God! 
 I don't eat it. 
 I'm sorry. I didn't know. I'll take it away. 
 ( phone rings ) 
 Yeah? 
 Right. 
 Okay, okay. Alright. Right. Yep. 
 We're on our way. Yep. 
 Dad, sorry. We got to go. 
 Sure. Go ahead. 
 Couldn't get any worse. 
 Listen. Alcohol. Lots of alcohol. 
 For who? 
 CHARLIE: The problem is wind. 
 Wouldn't they have already tested for stability in winds? 
 Engineers test structural response to gusts along two axes: north to south and east to west. 
 And, in those cases, a single side supported by two corners bears the brunt of the wind load. 
 Think of a straight-on wind as two cars colliding. 
 In contrast -- excuse me -- quartering winds hit a building at an angle, exerting pressure on two sides anchored by a single corner. 
 Imagine a car getting hit from the back and the side simultaneously. 
 Can those winds cause structural issues? 
 Our tests showed that the Cole Center is sound for head-on winds of up to 90 miles per hour. 
 But here's what happens with quartering winds as low as 60 miles per hour. 
 First, the steel frame bends beyond its limits, and stays bent. 
 Then this strained steel hardens and becomes brittle. 
 Under continuing stress, this steel will fracture, causing complete structural collapse. 
 Finn Montgomery found the problem in the building's deflection. 
 He suspected the effects would be serious. 
 I could really use your advice on some calculations in my engineering thesis. 
 He was right. 
 And he may have paid with his life. 
 CHARLIE: Our simulation demonstrates that the Cole Center could experience failure in a 60 mile-per-hour quartering wind. 
 Now, as the head of the Department of Building and Safety, you've got to realize what a huge, imminent risk that poses when the building is filled with people. 
 Are you a structural engineer? Hmm? 
 No. 
 An expert in wind dynamics? 
 He is a professor of applied mathematics. 
 He's talking theory and supposition. 
 If any of this goes public, I will sue the FBI for slander. 
 Professor Eppes, I respect your background and reputation, but I can't make a decision... 
 Well, do me a favor, and forget my reputation. 
 Consider what happened in Kansas City. 
 In 1981, The Hyatt Regency walkway collapsed. 
 Killed 114 people. 
 In Hartford, in 1978, the structure of a sports arena failed. 
 Those involved fraud and malfeasance. 
 
 
 
 Serious building flaws were found in each of those cases. 
 Can you connect the Cole Center's deflection to a specific structural issue? 
 Because of the potential risk of casualties, we think it's something you should take very seriously. 
 You want to ruin my building's reputation? 
 We want to save lives. 
 Render it worthless on an obscure and nonspecific theory? 
 Look, I can't point to a specific problem at this time, but let me tell you something. The evidence is there. 
 Mr. Cole, you're going to have to leave now if you're going to make your board meeting. 
 Thank you. 
 Gentlemen, the Cole Center is me. 
 It's my reputation and my public image. 
 I stand by its integrity. 
 Given the lack of specific evidence, I'd say we're done. 
 Wha...?! 
 The engineers who examined this building last night couldn't locate a problem in any section they could inspect. 
 So the logical conclusion is whatever's wrong with this building is underground -- in the foundation. 
 Right. Well, I'm going to go see they guy who built it. 
 Guy was a pompous ass. 
 So my son discovered a structural flaw in this building? 
 He noted that the building didn't react to wind as it was designed to. 
 Well, he didn't know the specific cause. 
 How could he figure that out? 
 Just by looking at the blueprints? 
 No, or else other people would have noticed it first. 
 No, Finn actually went a lot further. 
 He... he noticed something was wrong because he was passionate and thorough. 
 He wanted to understand this building. 
 And, when something didn't make sense, he needed to know why. 
 So you're trying to find exactly what's wrong with the Cole Center. 
 It might take some time but, well, we won't stop working on it either. 
 We know you cut corners on the construction of the Cole Center foundation. 
 You're doing a lot of fishing for a guy who knows something. 
 Look, whether you cheaped out on the rebar or you didn't drive the piles deep enough, we're going to find out what you did, and we're going to nail you for it. 
 A subpoena for all your records of the Cole Center foundation. 
 FBI accountants are going to go over every page. 
 We're going to find out what you did. 
 Knock yourself out. 
 Yo! 
 We're in here. 
 Hey, Dad. 
 All right, FBI accountants went over all of Nevelson's financials, and these are all the documents that relate to the foundation. 
 Our people could find nothing. 
 So why didn't you have Charlie look at the records in the first place? 
 The FBI has a team of excellent forensic accountants. 
 I know, but it wouldn't be the first time you find something that they missed. 
 A lot of mathematicians do have eidetic numerical memory. 
 It allows us to recognize numbers when they've been repeated or arranged in patterns. 
 Why don't you do that, and I'll do the dishes. How's that? 
 I'll give you a hand. 
 So you mean your best date ever was with your partner? 
 Dad, please. 
 No, it's just a simple observation. 
 I mean, if it was so great, why did you split up? 
 It was an academy thing. 
 We got posted to different places. 
 We had our careers to concentrate on. 
 So now you're in the same city, same careers... 
 Same office. 
 Which, in our case, can be a dangerous thing. 
 Your mother and I met at work. 
 In the lunch line. 
 Look, Dad, Terry and I have to see each other every day, We have to look out for each other. 
 So that means any trust issues are already behind you. 
 Look, just because you're eager to start dating again... 
 Eager? Are you kidding me? 
 You saw me last night. 
 I know, I know, I know. I got to get back into it. 
 Your mother said I should meet new people after she was gone. 
 Well, that's right. That sounds like her. 
 She made me promise. 
 I mean, she knew that, without a push, that I might not do it. 
 So she pushed. 
 Just consider this your push. 
 Now, here is a list of workers employed in building the foundation. 
 And? 
 And a lot of them don't exist. 
 Yeah. There's a preponderance of fours and sevens in the union ID numbers, which could be due to accounting codes, except they show up in the overtime hours -- like, 14s and 17s everywhere -- here, here and here -- 14... 17... 
 These numbers, they can't be explained by random occurrence. 
 Somebody made them up. 
 They've been fabricated by someone who likes these numbers -- who left behind a pretty obvious pattern. 
 Obvious to you. 
 Here's a very interesting thing also. 
 All the... all the workers I've identified as fake are listed as welders. 
 Except there aren't any other welders on the payroll backup. 
 ALAN: You can't build a foundation without welders. 
 Sounds like Nevelson was using a shadow crew. 
 So how would that work, Dad? 
 Nonunion laborers, usually illegal aliens. 
 They pay them under the table. 
 See, the contractors would use them at night to avoid the unions. 
 So what? Like lower pay, no overtime, medical benefits...? 
 That's right. 
 But people still get hurt. 
 And there'll be hospital records. 
 No, no, ma'am, you're not... 
 Listen, I said I'm only interested in patients without insurance. 
 Thank you. 
 Get anything from the ERs? 
 Nope. 
 A Julio Perez checked in with swollen corneas. 
 They see that with welders, especially less experienced ones. 
 No insurance. 
 When was that? 
 2:30 in the morning, May 17th, 1999. 
 Right, see, that's when the Cole Center's foundation was being done. 
 Immigration records shows that he was deported back to Mexico last year. 
 Hold on -- Yeah? Uh-huh. 
 The hospital is saying that somebody else paid his bill. 
 Get a name. 
 Can we get the name of that person, please? 
 DON: Sir, we're looking for Keith Babbitt. 
 We think he worked for you on the Cole Center. 
 Keith Babbitt? 
 No, I don't know. 
 He was a foreman who specializes in foundation welding. 
 He paid for a non-union worker's hospital bill. 
 I got hundreds of guys on any one job. 
 I don't know most of their names until they screw up. 
 Babbitt's union records show he was unemployed for most of '99, but his name shows up in relation to the Cole Center foundation work. 
 If you say so. 
 Okay. 
 It's the wrong move. 
 Have a nice day. 
 DON: If Babbitt oversaw the crew that built the Cole Center foundation, he might be the key to solving the whole thing. 
 David, why don't you check out back? 
 All right. 
 ( knocking on door ) 
 DON: Mr. Babbitt? 
 This is the FBI. 
 ( knocking ) 
 Mr. Babbitt? 
 ( engine running ) 
 Don! Back here! 
 ( coughing ) 
 He's unconscious. 
 Pull him out, pull. 
 ( coughing ) 
 Paramedics are on the way. 
 It's barely warm, so he couldn't have been in there long. 
 How's he doing? He's got a pulse. 
 Mr. Babbitt? 
 ( coughing ) 
 It's all right, FBI. 
 You're gonna be fine. 
 Don, look at his head. 
 Somebody cold-cocked him then stuffed him in that car. 
 This is a staged suicide. 
 Echoes of Finn Montgomery. 
 You okay? 
 Yeah. 
 You know who hit you? 
 Uh, Nevelson's goon -- Mazzelli. 
 DON: Bob Mazzelli, FBI. 
 You're under arrest. Get your hands up. 
 Put your hands up and get up against the stall. 
 You heard from the hospital? 
 Babbitt's agreed to testify that Nevelson hired his non-union crew to spot weld the foundation points in the Cole Center. 
 Now, that accounts for the excessive deflection. 
 Haybridge's design called for full pen welds, which are stronger and more stable, but pen welds are also more expensive and more time consuming than spot welds. 
 That gives Building and Safety grounds to evacuate. 
 What about Finn -- can we tie this guy to his murder? 
 TERRY: Technically we don't have a murder. 
 PD closed it out as a suicide. 
 There's no conclusive forensic evidence. 
 All right, well, that's what confessions are for. 
 Unless you're here to take my lunch order, don't waste your time. 
 Well, here's the thing, Bob. 
 See, you're not all lawyered up, so you know what that tells me? 
 You want to know what I have. 
 I'm thinking ham on wheat, honey mustard, fries. 
 You know what I have? 
 I have you. 
 I got you for attempted murder of Keith Babbitt, I got you for complicity in construction fraud, which is a felony, by the way. 
 You know what I don't have? 
 I don't have any reason to keep this case open, you know why? 
 'Cause you're the fall guy. 
 And that's exactly what the people who hired you wanted. 
 What do you think they're doing right now? 
 They're planting evidence, they're opening bank accounts in your name, they're making sure that you play as the lone operator. 
 What do you think about that? 
 Well, Bob, it's on you. 
 You can make it worth my while to stay interested, maybe cut you a deal, but you're going to have to tell me who paid for the hits. 
 Hits? Where'd the "S" come from? 
 Finn Montgomery. 
 Finn Mont... 
 You mean that college kid? Yeah. 
 Look, at worst, they were talking about maybe buying him off. 
 So what happened? 
 You, uh, threw him off a bridge instead. 
 Well, I'm not saying it might not have come to that, but he beat us to the punch. 
 So it comes down to are you willing to take the fall, or are you going to give up who ordered the hit? 
 All right, get me a lawyer and the DA, something in writing. 
 I'll give you everything -- except that kid. 
 That is not on me. 
 I'll see what I can do, Bob. 
 Hey, you know he's lying to you, right? 
 No, I'm not so sure about that, Charlie. 
 Get back in there, man. Get on him. 
 He's not telling you the truth. 
 Look, relax, all right? 
 Just relax, please. 
 Finn Montgomery's suicide note. 
 He mailed it to his parents the night before his death. 
 It took this long to get forwarded to him in L.A. 
 Were you were able to authenticate it? 
 Yeah, it's Finn's handwriting. 
 It iterates all the pressures -- the girlfriend breaking up with him, the thesis, his inability to convince anybody of the Cole Center's flaws. 
 That doesn't make sense. He was right about the building. 
 In this circumstance, being right might have been the crisis point that tipped him to suicide. 
 Looks like he thought this was the only way to get anyone to take a serious look at the Cole Center. 
 Look, Charlie, I'm sorry. 
 I mean, he was smart, but he was just a kid who wasn't strong enough to deal with this period in his life. 
 Okay, now we deal with the crimes that did occur. 
 We've got fraud and attempted murder. 
 All right, well, call the DA. 
 As soon as I get Mazzelli to talk, we're going to find out how high this thing goes, and I think it's all the way up to Elliot Cole. 
 How'd you know I was here? 
 We didn't. 
 Honey, who's there? 
 FBI. 
 You're under arrest. 
 Terry, you got her? Yeah. 
 Nevelson and Mazzelli gave you up. 
 "Gave you up?" 
 What for? Rachel and your contractor hired a non-union crew to do the foundation welds. 
 You paid full price. 
 DON: They got $20 million and you got a very unsafe building on your hands. 
 I oversaw every detail of the construction of that building. 
 That include payment authorizations, or did you rely on her about what to sign? 
 Come on, let's go. 
 We've been together three years. 
 I gave you this apartment, everything you asked for. 
 I asked you to divorce your wife. 
 We discussed this. Oh, yeah, the pre-nup. 
 I have nothing more to say. 
 CHARLIE: They will construct the tuned mass damper on the roof. 
 This is a scale model. 
 On the real one, this block of concrete will weigh about 300 tons or so, and it will rest on a thin layer of oil. 
 When wind pushes the building, the block's inertia will hold it in place, even as the building slides under it. 
 So the damper acts as a counterweight to the movement of the building. 
 It's amazing. So simple. 
 Finn's insight will keep a lot of people safe, so Elliot Cole has agreed with me to dedicate this structure in his name. 
 You know, in Finn's letter, he said that part of the reason that he... was that he felt nobody understood him. 
 He, uh, he said he felt so alone. 
 What we do... can certainly be lonely sometimes. 
 That's why it's so important that you understood what he was trying to accomplish. 
 You spoke for our son, Professor Eppes. 
 There's no way we can begin to thank you for that. 
 So I am getting right back on that horse. 
 Not that this lady is anything like a horse, she's really quite attractive. 
 So it's not a blind date? 
 No, it's the butcher that sold me the duck. 
 No! Yeah, she's very nice. 
 And she really knows her waterfowl. 
 Right. 
 Charlie. Charlie. 
 This is not the brilliant thought brood. 
 This is the other brood. 
 You all right, Charlie? 
 You knew it was a suicide. 
 No, look, I said from the get-go I didn't know, but I did suspect. 
 Despite all the variables and the inconclusive autopsy, and the layers of crime that were uncovered? 
 The fact that the kid exhibited suicidal behavior and then he did it. 
 It's Occam's Razor, you know? 
 I mean, the simplest answer is usually the right one. 
 Occam's Razor? 
 DON: What? 
 I read a book every now and then. 
 Occam was a philosopher, he wasn't a mathematician. 
 And what he actually said was that you shouldn't make more assumptions than needed. 
 It's the basis of methodological reductionism. 
 Any given data set, there are an infinite number of possible hypothesis and conclusions, an even great number of infinite conclusions. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 