Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x03 - Obsession - Numb3rs 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x03 - Obsession https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=1003&t=42604 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/17/21 11:11 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x03 - Obsession 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 6:15 -- why is everybody up already? 
 At their age, they're probably just happy they're up. 
 ( chuckles ) 
 ( knocking ) 
 Henry? You hungry? 
 Ma, how many times do I have to tell you don't interrupt me when I'm working? 
 I'm making waffles. 
 You can't work on an empty stomach. 
 It's not good for you! 
 ( knocking ) DON: Mrs. Korfelt. 
 It's the FBI. Open up. 
 ( door opens ) 
 MOTHER: Couldn't you come back later? 
 My son doesn't like to be interrupted while he's working. 
 We have a search warrant. 
 Ma'am, you're gonna have to open the door right now. 
 Henry! 
 Smoke. I smell smoke. 
 ( smoke detector blares ) 
 Guys, he's running. He's running. 
 Copy. We're on our way. 
 ( tires screech ) 
 Turn off the engine! 
 Now, put your hands back on the wheel. 
 Do it! 
 Don't move. 
 Step out of the car toward my voice. Come on. 
 What the hell were you doing? 
 Just making things a whole lot worse for himself. 
 Is what he was doing. 
 Korfelt's facing a couple of years for forgery. 
 Why pull this stupid stunt with the car? 
 Maybe this is part of the answer. 
 Wasn't just making passports. 
 Car registrations, gun permits. 
 Automobiles and weapons. 
 You might want to take a look at this. 
 What is that? Code? 
 I think I know how we can find out. 
 Again. Let's see. 
 Okay, see? What am I doing wrong here? 
 I'm telling you, Larry. 
 It's that 11th critical fold. You keep... 
 I know. I know. I keep impinging upon my laminar boundary layer. 
 Right. Which results in a high Reynolds number. 
 I can't. No, I can't do this anymore. I can't. 
 Hey, hey. Don't get all Fleinhardt on me. 
 It's just the Physics Department Paper Airplane Contest. 
 Flein... Fleinhardt? 
 Since when did my last name become a predicate adjective? 
 Since your students started using it that way. 
 Here's a different design. 
 Uh-huh. 
 And it's much more forgiving in the build phase. 
 Try that. Try that. Let me try this. 
 Hey, Don. What's going on? 
 Just work, guys. 
 Who made this? Me. Why? 
 The wings are a little thin here, buddy. 
 Hey, wait, wait. Let me see this. 
 CHARLIE: Forgive me if all my years of advanced applied mathematics take issue with that assessment. 
 Yeah, well, you'll forgive me if all my years of high school detention say I'm right. 
 You go ahead. You make those wings wider, it'll fly. 
 What's going on? 
 Some idiot tried to run over one of my agents this morning over what we thought were fake passports. 
 He left this. So be careful. 
 It's a transposition cipher. 
 Can you break it? 
 Yeah. I'll need some time. 
 Well, how long? 
 'Cause something's not sitting right about it to me. 
 Well, I can already tell you the basic context of this and it's not about passports. 
 What's it about? 
 There are letter groupings here that I've seen before when I consulted for the NSA. 
 What? Standard code references for a very specific type of operation. 
 What kind of operation? 
 Don, it's a plan for an assassination. 
 An assassination on U.S. soil? 
 Yeah. 
 Charlie, how can you be sure if you haven't decoded the rest of Korfelt's book yet? 
 Pattern recognition. 
 Everybody here does it all the time. 
 I mean, you've all played Scrabble, right? 
 Your mind knows language. 
 It sort of automatically searches for groupings of letters that makes sense to us that make a word. 
 Well, my mind knows codes and ciphers. 
 I can't help but recognize these patterns. 
 These groupings are abbreviations. 
 They're not encrypted. 
 Abbreviations for what? 
 Types of killings. 
 "Open. Secret. Lost. Safe." 
 Open? "Open," if there's no need to hide the murder. 
 "Secret," if it has to appear as an accident. 
 You're sure about this? 
 I mean, Korfelt hasn't even started talking yet. 
 I've worked with the National Security Agency on intercepts of actual covert communications. 
 I checked these abbreviations against my logs, and yeah, they're authentic. 
 I've notified Washington. 
 They just wanna know as soon as there's a threat to National Security. 
 Well, Korfelt's involvement suggests that the assassin isn't local. 
 He needs a passport. 
 So the killer needs to get inside the country? 
 Unless he's already here. 
 So, uh, what's this one about? 
 Possible assassination. 
 Assassination? Who was killed? 
 No one, as far as we know. 
 At least not yet. 
 You know, when it's done right, you never do find out who did it. 
 Kennedy, Dallas, '63. 
 You're still waiting for an answer on that one. 
 Hmm. 
 I suppose this will take you the rest of the week, huh? 
 Pretty much. Yeah. Why? 
 Uh, it's Aunt Irene's 80th on the 27th. 
 Aunt Irene hates you. 
 No, she doesn't hate me. 
 She was just a little disappointed at your mother's choice of a spouse. 
 Yet you're still going. 
 Well, she's still your mother's aunt. 
 Doesn't change just because your mother's not here. 
 Yeah, well, I went to her 75th. 
 She made me dance with her. 
 A very slow dance. 
 I really could use a wingman on this one, Charlie. 
 I'm sorry. Even if I could make the time, I'm supposed to go to a concert on the 27th. 
 Why don't you ask Don? 
 No, Don's too busy. 
 I'm busy, too. 
 I didn't mean it that way. 
 Anyway, this is not about you. It's about me. 
 Yeah. 
 You do realize who has to dance with her now. 
 You assaulted a federal officer with a deadly weapon. 
 It was a Volkswagen. 
 You think it's funny? 
 Hey, how's it going? 
 Okay. 
 So what does all your behavioral science training tell you about a grown man who still lives with his mother? 
 Probably about the same as two brothers still moochin' meals at their dad's house three nights a week. 
 Hey, technically, it's my brother's house. 
 But, okay, Megan. I see how it's gonna be. 
 I just call 'em like I see 'em. 
 Uh-huh, all right. 
 I don't know anything about a murder. 
 That's not gonna fly. 
 We cracked your code. 
 We know you provided documents and vehicles and weapons to an assassin. 
 You know, we don't need to talk to him anymore. 
 We should be talking to his mother. 
 It's her apartment, right? 
 You can't do that. My mother has a heart condition. 
 Well, then start telling us what we want to know or think about a defibrillator for mommy. 
 He'll kill me. Don't you understand? 
 Look, Henry, I'm all you got. 
 I don't know names. 
 Only a code reference -- "Condor." 
 And who's the target? 
 He's a Colombian; a kid, I think. 
 His father was an activist who got killed down there. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Immigration list of registered aliens from Colombia. 
 Korfelt's description fits Gabriel Ruiz, 24. 
 He's a film student. He seems clean. 
 Why him? 
 His dad, Raoul Ruiz. 
 He was big in the reform movement. 
 He disappeared three years ago with an older son, Estevan. 
 A month ago a crew digging a highway bed uncovered the bodies. 
 Think this kid knows who killed his father and brother? 
 Well, if he did, I think he'd have been dead a long time ago. 
 So why kill him now? 
 Well, finding the bodies was big news. 
 Maybe it brought the spotlight back. 
 Yeah, right back onto the last surviving son. 
 You know, even if I wanted to I can't go back. 
 No? No. 
 After the murder of my family, I was exiled by the Colombian government. 
 Exiled? For what reason? 
 For being my father's son. 
 Doesn't really matter, though. 
 I have no intention of going back. 
 Colombia holds nothing for me anymore. 
 What about what happened to your father and brother? 
 It's not a mystery, Agent Eppes. 
 The government's corrupted by the cartels. 
 They murder anyone who goes against them: prosecutors, judges, reformers like my father and my brother. 
 And you never thought about revenge? 
 I was just 21 living in Bogota when they were killed. 
 My mother died when I was young. 
 I had no family, no money. 
 Whatever friends my family had were frightened back into their holes. 
 Gabriel, is it possible that whoever killed them thinks that for some reason you pose a threat now? 
 How? 
 I'm a third-year film student, who owns a small cafe. 
 I loved my father and my brother, but their country isn't mine anymore. 
 You know I talked to my dad once about America when I was applying to schools. 
 Oh, yeah? 
 He wanted me to get an education here, but he warned me that America could make you forget where you come from. 
 After that first night arriving in Los Angeles, I prayed to God that my father was right. 
 ( door open ) Hey. 
 You still up for lunch? 
 Yeah. Hey, I spoke to my buddy. 
 He says I can get those tickets for the concert. 
 For the White Stripes. Hmm. 
 Charlie, what is all this? 
 The methodology of assassination. 
 You have a lot of variables here. 
 I mean, isn't there any way to narrow them down? 
 Well, knowing how the assassin intends to carry out the killing would help. 
 For instance, if he has to make it look like an accident, that would limit his methods and opportunities. 
 Charlie, where did you learn all this stuff about assassination? 
 If I told you that, I'd have to kill you. 
 ( laughs ) 
 Okay, seriously. 
 Seriously. 
 DON: What do you know about something called Condor? 
 I am an official of the Colombian government, and it's not appropriate for me to address certain topics. 
 Counselor Benavides, you think it's appropriate for your country to play out its problems on the streets of L.A.? 
 It's a protocol from the past. 
 Operation Condor. 
 A pact made in the '70s by six South American nations to kill each other's political enemies. 
 It involves the use of a highly-trained assassin. 
 So why would a protocol like that be taken out against Gabriel Ruiz? 
 The name Ruiz is very powerful in Colombian politics. 
 It carries great hope, much like the name Kennedy once carried. 
 And just like John, Jr., who didn't want to go into politics after his father was murdered, everyone expected that sooner or later he would. 
 So, kill him before he has a chance to change his mind? 
 An obvious murder would cause an outcry in Colombia. 
 So he'd have to make it look like an accident? 
 ( door opens ) 
 Hey, Charlie. Listen. 
 We're thinking Gabriel's assassination is going to look like an accident. 
 Awesome. 
 That gives us a better chance of winning this game. 
 What game? 
 CHARLIE: Hide-and-seek. 
 What are you talking about, like the kid's version? 
 A mathematical approach to it, yes. 
 See, the assassin must hide in order to accomplish his goal. 
 We must seek and find the assassin before he achieves that goal. 
 Ah, behavioral game theory, yeah. 
 We studied this at Quantico. 
 I doubt you studied it the way that Rubinstein, Tversky and Heller studied two-person, constant-sum hide-and-seek with unique mixed strategy equilibria. 
 No, not quite that way. 
 DON: Just bear with him. 
 The concept's simple. It's almost instinctive, but when an assassin has many opportunities to hit his target, it gets complex. 
 Imagine the game Battleship. 
 Okay, it's essentially a hide-and-seek game. 
 Except let's say the ships can be moved. 
 One player tries to get his ship on several squares of opportunity before all his ships are found. 
 Now, suppose that the player hiding has limited options. 
 He can only move one ship at a time, one square at a time. 
 That would give the player seeking him the ability to calculate his likely moves. 
 So you're saying if we know Condor's opportunities, we can predict the attacks. 
 Not predict as much as calculate the probabilities. 
 If Condor has to make this look like an accident, he can't use, say a gun or a bomb. 
 He has to avoid witnesses. 
 He's limited. 
 He's limited by locations? Methods? 
 That's right. 
 How long will it take you to come up with some probabilities? 
 Soon. Of course the accuracy will improve the more I know about Condor's abilities. 
 So, I think you should talk to the man you arrested again. 
 This is the U.S. Marshal coming down. Open the gate. 
 The van should be on the south side of the building. Over. 
 MAN ( over radio ): Copy that. 
 KORFELT: Can we walk a little faster? 
 What's your rush? 
 I'd just like to get to prison as soon as possible. 
 ( gunshot ) 
 OFFICER: Everybody down! 
 OFFICER: One-L-ten. We're a code four. 
 RADIO DISPATCHER: Copy that, one-L-ten. 
 No evidence of the sniper set up anywhere. 
 COLBY: It's a type-four flak jacket. 
 It should stop the high-velocity round. 
 But this thing went right through the trauma plate. 
 That's a .308 caliber tungsten bullet. 
 Not the kind of thing we're gonna find at the corner gun store. 
 No one knew about the move? 
 I mean, not even the jail staff? 
 Shooter must've been waiting for him. 
 All right, look. 
 If we're saying that Korfelt was supplying Condor with everything from documents to weapons, then we should be running down every single name in that code book. Okay? 
 I want to get someone on that kid Gabriel Ruiz today. 
 You got it. 
 How'd you come by all this hard data on assassination techniques? 
 I have a friend at the NSA who has a friend at the... at the CIA. 
 Yeah, don't even tell me. 
 You know what's interesting? 
 When a death must look accidental, we automatically reject modern weapons in favor methods that have been around thousands of years. 
 Drowning. Smothering. Blow to the noggin. 
 I think we have to give value to defenestration. 
 What's... what's "defenestration"? 
 ( chuckling ) Charles, come on. 
 When I was an undergrad, even math and science majors had to have English. 
 I took English, Larry. 
 I didn't memorize the dictionary. 
 Okay, well, the ideal of the Renaissance Man -- it's just still a goal with me. 
 Defenestraton is... the act of throwing something out the window. 
 Oh, I've got that covered. 
 In fact, the most effective method of killing a man is to drop him onto a hard surface from a height of at least 75 feet. 
 It works every time. 
 Yeah, but does your subject often stand by high windows? 
 I have no idea. 
 And I see you have his schedule here. 
 But do you know if he jaywalks in traffic? 
 Attempts home repairs? 
 I get it, I get it. I should be aware of all the opportunities that Gabriel Ruiz might present. 
 Well, yeah, or you don't have all the data. 
 I have to actually talk to him. 
 Yeah, it's field work. It's just field work. 
 There's no substitute. 
 So Korfelt's got no activity on his credit cards for the last three weeks. 
 Yeah, he was laying low. 
 There's gotta be something. 
 Yeah. 
 Rumor has it you got an eyeful in Afghanistan. 
 It wasn't so bad, you know. 
 College degree kept me off the front line and all. 
 That's why you joined the Bureau? 
 Want to get some action? 
 What else was I gonna do with three years of interrogation techniques? 
 Wait a minute. 
 Korfelt's mom. 
 We ran her credit cards, right? 
 Yeah, it should be in that package. 
 Bingo. Used at a bookstore on Melrose. 
 Five times in the last two weeks. 
 What's the address? 
 6-2-1-5 Melrose Avenue. 
 Look at that. 
 It's only a couple of blocks from the Colombian Consulate. 
 I wonder if he had a contact there. 
 Let's get a list of Consulate employees. 
 See if Ruiz recognizes any names connected to the murder of his family. 
 Yeah. Will do. 
 Look, I'd feel more comfortable if someone else got Gabriel's schedule. All right? 
 Well, that's not as effective. 
 See, I need to work the data against the risk/success scenarios that I've established. 
 I have very specific questions, Don. 
 Besides, with a secret assassination, All right. 
 The odds of an attack are less likely All right. when the target is in the company of others. 
 All right, all right. I'll set it up. 
 But I'm gonna have an agent with you, okay? 
 I mean, I gotta answer to Dad about this. 
 Yeah, well... somehow you managed to escape an invite to Aunt Irene's 80th birthday party. 
 What? Lucky you, huh? 
 Yeah, Dad invited me. 
 He didn't even bother asking you because... well, because you're working. 
 Well, I'm in the middle of a case. 
 Yeah, you're always in the middle of a case. So? 
 Hey, don't... Charlie, I've done my share. 
 Yeah, I live with him. 
 Well, that's your choice. 
 Don, I can't go. 
 I have concert tickets for that night. 
 It's for me and Amita. 
 Charlie, well, I've got to find an assassin, okay? 
 So assassin, concert. Concert, assassin. 
 You tell me. 
 I don't know why everything always has to fall on my shoulders. 
 What are you talking about? Dad doesn't want to go alone. 
 Think about it. 
 I'm not sure I really understand why all this is necessary. 
 I thought it was explained to you. 
 Well, they told me there was a chance someone might want to harm me. 
 But I told them there was no reason to. 
 Now you show up -- some kind of a... assassination specialist. 
 I'm a mathematician, actually. 
 Mathematician? Mm-hmm. 
 I consult for the FBI. 
 I'm here to try to get some parameters of your movements. 
 Your daily routine. 
 Where you go and how you get there. 
 You're studying film, right? 
 Yes, and I own a small cafe. 
 What? 
 Does your cafe have airtight walk-in refrigerators or freezers? 
 Yes. 
 You need to avoid those -- problematic. 
 I also need to list your hobbies and regular activities. 
 I like hiking. 
 Hiking could also be problematic. 
 It's easy to stage an injury or leave the person alone to die of exposure. 
 Also, during certain seasons, hunting accidents. 
 Someone really is trying to kill me? 
 Eppes -- that was the same name the other agent had. 
 We're brothers. 
 You don't worry about him? 
 With his job at the FBI? 
 I guess I just don't think about it that much. 
 Neither did I. 
 I was a youngster. 
 My brother always tried to keep me away from the work. 
 I heard about what happened to your family. 
 I'm very sorry. 
 Okay. Well... what about driving? 
 Or just even walking down the street? 
 Driving would be better. 
 A staged vehicle accident often results in injury but not death. 
 So you're saying that there's no way to keep myself safe. 
 You should be taking precautions. 
 Like what? Like not walking? Not working? 
 I don't want this. 
 Any of it. 
 So you just tell whoever is behind this that I want nothing to do with it. 
 Nothing. 
 These new perimeters you gave me should prove to be very useful. 
 Well, they're more than perimeters, though, aren't they? 
 I mean, what we're really looking at here is all the ways Gabriel Ruiz might die in the next few days. 
 Come on, your work didn't create this assassin. 
 No, but until Gabriel spoke to me he had hope. 
 Well, research can't be performed in a vacuum. 
 I mean, the subject will be changed by the process. 
 It's just hard to look somebody in the eye and tell them there's a strong probability they're going to be murdered. 
 Oh, yeah. 
 But would you rather less involvement or a more accurate result? 
 ALAN: I thought I heard somebody back here. 
 Larry. 
 So what are you guys doing? 
 Still working on Don's case? 
 A difficult problem. 
 Don's very lucky to have two of the most brilliant minds of Los Angeles helping him. 
 It's not really the math that's proving so difficult here. 
 It's encountering the human stakes. 
 Charlie? 
 I never realized how hard it must be for Don. 
 It's not easy what he does, is it? 
 Uh, no. No, it's not. 
 Did you ever try to talk him out of doing that kind of work? 
 We are talking about Don, right? 
 See, Charlie, the thing about kids is that, um, you can't make them into what you want. 
 You can teach them values, character and a little common sense. 
 But then you have to let go. 
 You have to let them become the man or woman that they're intended to be. 
 That doesn't sound easy, either. 
 No, believe me. It's not. 
 Agent Sinclair here for Gabriel Ruiz. 
 He's inside. 
 Is Charles Eppes still here? 
 Agent Eppes' brother left a while ago. 
 All right. How's it going? 
 Pretty good. 
 I don't see him in here. 
 What are you talking about? 
 Hey. Hey! 
 Help! Help him. 
 Hey! 
 Hey, out in the water! 
 FBI! 
 What happened? I don't know. 
 I just saw him. He wasn't moving. 
 Get him to shore. 
 Easy. 
 Ready? One, two, three. 
 Call 911. 
 Ruiz's blood alcohol level was .2. 
 And a preliminary tox report found diazepam. 
 That's a muscle relaxant. 
 I got your message. Is he all right? 
 Yeah, he's all right. He's recovering. 
 What happened? We don't know yet. 
 David found him unconscious in the canal. 
 Did you talk to the guy that rescued him? 
 What do you mean "the guy who rescued him?" 
 When I got there there was a guy pulling him out of the water. 
 Basic protocol of a secret assassination: 
 Be the first respondent. 
 I think you were face to face with Condor. 
 I don't remember any man. 
 I certainly can't describe him. 
 What's the last thing you do remember? 
 Your brother and I spoke. 
 Then I went and fixed something to eat. 
 What'd you eat? 
 Just something from my cafe. 
 You also had something to drink. 
 Some wine. 
 The wine from the same cafe? 
 Yes. 
 You went for a walk alone. 
 You avoided the agent sent to guard you when you knew your life was at risk. 
 It was foolish. 
 I know that now. 
 I mean you go walking around these canals with alcohol and enough diazepam in your system to knock you out. 
 You think I did this to myself? 
 Well, my brother said you were pretty upset. 
 I went to clear my head. 
 That's all. 
 
 
 
 All right, this is a list of names of people who work at the Colombian consulate. 
 Take a look at it. 
 Put a mark next to any names that are linked to your family's enemies in Bogota. 
 BENAVIDES: So you believe the Condor is real, and that they have one of their assassins here in Los Angeles. 
 I also have evidence linking that plot to your office. 
 What do you want? 
 I want the name of the person running the operation. 
 Look, Henry Korfelt's credit card records show him buying coffee for himself and someone else. 
 Five times. 
 You believe it was me? 
 Think I'd be here if I did? 
 Look, I don't know anything about a murder plot. 
 Hold on. This is a list of people who work at the consulate. 
 Now someone on this list does. 
 Even if what you are telling me is true, by helping you, you're asking me to betray a fellow countryman. 
 No, what I asking you to do is save one. 
 ( drums play intro ) 
 ( rock music plays ) 
 ♪ 
 ( knocking on door ) 
 Charlie! 
 Hey. 
 Gabriel's new schedule. 
 He's following a far more restricted routine. 
 Yeah, well, the thing is I don't know if it's enough to stop Condor. 
 If I'm right, it may alter his methods. 
 You see, he may be considering a low-probability attack because he thinks that's what we won't be looking for. 
 'Cause if he's trying to outthink us we're going to be trying to outthink him. 
 It's "Cognitive Hierarchy." 
 A zero-step thinker will play the obvious moves. 
 A one-step thinker will play the non-obvious moves. 
 While the two-step thinker, he'll consider both types. 
 Have you talked to your contact at the consulate? 
 Yeah, I'm hoping she'll spread the word. 
 But I don't know. 
 This type of conspiracy relies on people feeling like they can't be touched. 
 Like no one knows what they're doing. 
 Once they hear the FBI's on this case, It's likely to force a change in strategy which I can account for. 
 So does that make me a three-step thinker? 
 Keep working with me. You'll get there. 
 Shut up. Soon enough. 
 Soon enough. 
 You work it out with Dad about Aunt Irene's party and your concert? 
 Oh, you know what? 
 I, um, I couldn't even get the tickets. 
 So you don't have a date with Amita? 
 No, uh, no big deal. 
 What is going on with you guys? 
 You've been playing this game for like a year. 
 It's okay. 
 Charlie, when are you gonna start living your own life and realize that Dad can take care of himself? 
 Look, I'll tell you what. 
 You help me catch this guy and I'll go to Aunt Irene's next party, all right? 
 Deal. 
 Hey. Where you been? 
 Local DEA. 
 Running down the names from the Colombian consulate. 
 I got nothing; how'd you guys do with Korfelt's known associates? 
 Charlie decoded a name from Korfelt's book. 
 W. Wells. 
 Okay. 
 We ran down 47 people first initial "W" last name Wells. 
 Found three of them with sheets. 
 One Warren Davis Wells has a record for sale and possession of illegal weapons. 
 But aside from his name in the book, has no other ties to Korfelt. 
 Well, Condor shot Korfelt with a high-powered rifle. 
 He probably got that locally. 
 Maybe Korfelt's his L.A. contact. 
 We don't have an address on him. 
 But according to this, he has a brother who owns a computer shop in West L.A. 
 Drive safely. 
 Hey, Amita. 
 Hey, Charlie. 
 How's the hunt for Red October going? 
 You know, the assassin? 
 Oh, yeah, I'm working on it. 
 Listen, there's something I really need to talk to you about, though. 
 Um, the concert. 
 I don't think I can go. 
 Oh. Too busy with the case? 
 Actually, no. It's a family event. 
 And my dad doesn't want to go alone. 
 I see. 
 You can have the tickets. That's not a problem. 
 No, I can't. 
 I already bought them. I bought them for you. 
 And it would be a shame if you didn't go and have a good time. 
 Actually, Charlie, I have other plans. 
 I'm going to San Diego. 
 Dr. Keppler's giving a seminar at UCSD. 
 After what happened at dinner... 
 I'm sorry. I just... 
 I didn't think you were actually gonna get them. 
 Right. No. 
 I mean, we've talked about this so many times. 
 I totally understand. It's not a big deal. 
 I'm sure I can find somebody who wants the tickets. 
 It's the White Stripes, so... 
 I'll see you later. 
 Okay. 
 ( beeping ) 
 Is Warren Wells here? 
 I don't know. I'll go check. 
 Hold on. 
 We'll see for ourselves. Sit down. 
 Get back. 
 Do not move. 
 Put it down. Drop it. 
 Put it down. 
 Come on. 
 ( gun cocks ) 
 Put it down. Slowly. 
 Put it down! 
 Right now. 
 You know if you fired, you'd have blinded me, right? 
 Should've closed your eyes. 
 Oh. 
 Looks like we got a very different type of Mac. 
 Warren Wells did a stint in the Army, and then went to work for a gun manufacturer. 
 Then he got into arms dealing. 
 But single point transactions. 
 Hard to acquire or custom-made. 
 Very hard to acquire. 
 I found this at Well's shop. 
 It's a FRAG-12 cartridge, high explosive fragmentation round. 
 ( whistles ) 
 What shoots this? 
 This Auto Assault 12 combat shotgun. 
 Uses a gas piston. No recoil. 
 Fast and easy. 
 When you just really got to kill someone. 
 If Condor's got a gun like this... 
 The when Gabriel Ruiz tries to run, he's just going to be really tired when he gets killed. 
 CHARLIE: Condor's decision to employ this weapon changes everything. 
 I mean it's pretty hard to keep the murder a secret, right? 
 Sure. And an open assassination means Condor's opportunities increase, like five-fold, ten-fold. 
 Warren Wells' computer repair shop got a new client two weeks ago. 
 The Colombian consulate. 
 Yeah, check it out. 
 Repaired six of their computers. 
 What's that mean? 
 Hard evidence of a link between the consulate and Condor's weapons dealer. 
 And it gives credence to it being run by someone inside the consulate. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 If that's true, it's a connection we could exploit. 
 How? 
 By removing step-thinking entirely. 
 It's like the game of chess... where you must think first before you move. 
 Each player trying to outthink each other, trying to guess each other's moves, each other's strategy. 
 The complexity of the game requires multi-step thinking. 
 However, if one player can create the illusion he has committed a zero-step move -- a move that would give his opponent a significant advantage -- that can create a false step of thinking in his opponent, which will then prompt a move that delivers checkmate. 
 You eliminate the need for a strategy by creating a move outside the conditions of the game. 
 In other words, you set up an ambush. 
 Right. Because if he's being run by someone inside the consulate, we use Benavides, to make Condor think he's got some kind of privileged information. 
 And theoretically, he steps up his game, right? 
 Right. 
 Gabriel's going back to Colombia. 
 Going back to Colombia? How? 
 My country's got a standing exile order against him. 
 It's going to be lifted in 48 hours. 
 I know nothing about this. 
 Where did you get your information? 
 Seems your country's been after a pretty sizeable DEA grant. 
 The U.S. decided to step up. 
 To get rid of its problem. 
 As soon as it's lifted, he's going to be on a military jet bound for Bogota. 
 Until then, he'll be under FBI protection. 
 I just thought you'd want to know. 
 What do you expect me to do with this? 
 I don't know, Sonya. 
 I wouldn't sit on it if I were you. 
 I can't imagine your supervisors are going to be too happy with you withholding information about the well-being of one of their citizens, you know? 
 COLBY: So, the trap at the safe house is set. 
 If Benavides or anyone at the Consulate is Condor's contact... 
 Then Condor's up to speed. Yeah. 
 He's got to move fast. The window of opportunity is closing. 
 That's right. And we've narrowed it down to a couple hours. One location. 
 And agents placed strategically to give the illusion of an exposed entry. 
 The game has changed completely. 
 Yeah. Well, at least it's a game we know how to play. 
 GABRIEL: So, we're just supposed to sit here and wait for him? 
 Yep, that's pretty much the plan. 
 And what makes you so sure he'll really show up. 
 Actually, you. 
 Don't worry about it. Everything's going to be fine. 
 That's why they call it a "safe house." 
 FBI. Drop it. 
 FBI. Don't move. Drop the gun. 
 Get your hands out where I can see them. 
 Get your hands out. 
 Get them out. 
 Don't! 
 Who do you work for? Tell me who you work for. 
 Sonya. 
 Agent Eppes, so I heard -- that the man you were pursuing is dead. 
 Who was he? 
 Truthfully? 
 Yeah, truthfully. 
 I have no idea. 
 But I am very glad that you succeeded in saving Gabriel Ruiz's life. 
 Come on. 
 You and I both know if whoever put out that contract isn't caught, that kid doesn't stand a chance. 
 Failed assassinations rarely bode well for the long-term health of those who plot them. 
 We're willing to share with your government what we know. 
 Yeah. 
 When your government shares what they know with you. 
 What does that mean? 
 Well the truth is that the best assassins in Colombia are trained by your CIA. 
 I want you to remember that the next time you talk about Colombian problems being played out in the streets of Los Angeles. 
 So who was the Condor? 
 Prints didn't show up in any database. 
 Not ours. Not Interpol's. 
 Oh, come on. Somebody's got to know who he is. 
 He's not a ghost. 
 Just 'cause he's dead doesn't mean there aren't a whole lot more just like him out there somewhere. 
 Yeah, Gabriel may be right. 
 There may be no way for him to really save himself. 
 I appreciate you coming to see me. 
 I wanted to see how you were doing. 
 Well, thanks to you and your brother, I seem to be doing fine. 
 It also gives me a chance to thank you, and to say goodbye. 
 I'm going back to Colombia. 
 Are you serious? 
 My exile's been lifted. 
 Gabriel, killing the assassin doesn't make you safe there. 
 I wasn't safe here. 
 Still, your probabilities for survival are way better if you stay in America. 
 Truth is, I'm not so afraid anymore. 
 Don't get me wrong. I'm not any braver than I was. 
 It's just... 
 Somehow this Condor finding me has given me a chance to find myself, I guess. 
 Turns out, I'm a Ruiz after all. 
 What'll you do when you get there? 
 I know I can't be my father and brother. 
 All I can do is take my camera down there and try and tell their story. 
 And in telling theirs, maybe I'll learn my own. 
 What are you doing here? 
 Hey, I'm ready to party like it's 1899. 
 Lose the suit. Go find Amita. 
 Amita's in San Diego. 
 What? 
 Yeah, it's a long story. 
 Bummer. 
 Well we all got 'em, pal. 
 Who got the tickets? Larry. 
 Larry's into the White Stripes? 
 Oh, now isn't this nice? 
 We're all going to Aunt Irene's together, huh? 
 Yeah. You ready? 
 I hope you brought your dancing shoes. 
 She hired a band. 
 Uh-oh. 
 Yeah, from the Big Band era, I hear. 
 Yeah, well a little Glenn Miller, a lot of drinks. 
 What could be better? 
 Yeah, just a word of advice. 
 Yeah? 
 Make yourself scarce when the slow music starts. 
 Oh, Dad, you're the designated dancer. 
 No, she hates me. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 