Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x01 - Pilot - Witches of East End 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x01 - Pilot https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=200&t=12291 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/08/13 21:59 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x01 - Pilot 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 ♪ 
 (music fades) 
 ♪ 
 Is that Joanna Beauchamp? 
 WOMAN: What's she doing here? 
 MAN: Evening, Joanna. 
 (dog barking) 
 Heading to the big engagement party? 
 WOMAN: Calm down, Ollie. 
 It's okay. 
 (whimpers) 
 Come on, let's go. 
 WOMAN:  Freya, come on, let's go! 
 We're gonna be late! I know, I know. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I hate this dress. I should change, shouldn't I? I better go change. Stop it. You look beautiful. Plus, you've already changed five times. If you do it again, I might have to smack you. Why am I so nervous? It's your engagement party. Of course you're nervous. No, no, it's not that. I just... I feel off. I had the strangest dream last night. There was this guy, and I never seen him before, but I felt like I'd known him forever. And then he kissed me, and... the world exploded. That is a classic anxiety dream. You're worried about getting married, it's a big step, so create a dream scenario about the perfect guy who doesn't actually exist. But I'm not anxious. I know Dash is the one. I love him so much. I don't want anyone else. Which is why I am so freaked out. You know about me and my dreams. You're not psychic. I might be. I can read auras. That's not a thing. Scoff all you want, but I know I have the gift. You only have one superpower, and it is your breasts. (gasps) Mom! Mom! Where were you? Scared the crap out of us. In the car waiting for you. You look beautiful. (sighs) I can't believe my baby's getting married. Mom, it's an engagement party, not a wedding. Come on, we have to go. (laughs) ♪ Take a walk with me ♪ On the water ♪ Got the power to make you a believer ♪ ♪ Take you where you never been before ♪ ♪ Never been before... (music continues faintly inside) So am I the only one who finds this completely exhausting? And it's not even our wedding. I will marry you in Vegas tomorrow if you want. Really? Wherever, whenever. Aw. Oh, and by the way, I forgive you. For what? For being a half an hour late tonight. People were starting to look at me funny. I wasn't half an hour late. You are always at least 15 minutes late for everything you do. Five minutes. Did I mention you're worth the wait? (clears throat) DASH: Hi, Mom. I was wondering where you got off to. Hmm. Mm. Oh, look at that. Why don't you come back into the party. This is such an interesting dress, dear. I like how you just put it all out there, and screw what other people think is appropriate. I really do appreciate all you're doing for us. You don't have to be so generous. Oh, it's nothing. I want us to be close, dear. I never had a daughter. And I was always hoping that when Dashiell married, that she and I would have the relationship I always dreamed of. Yes, I would love that. Good. I hope we can. I just have to say, I know that you were raised in, well, a certain way, you know, through no fault of your own, and I would really like to help teach you about etiquette and-and style and all the other things that you never had a chance to learn. But we can talk about that later. I'll take you to lunch, and we'll go shopping. I'll find you a bra that actually fits. Ooh, that's wonderful! Look at that. (whispers): I hope you choke on it. (gasps) (choking) Mom? Are you okay? Hey. Dude... Don't call me "dude." You'll never believe what I just did. I made Dash's mother choke, with my mind. Is she okay? You're totally missing the point. Am I? Ingrid, she basically called me a poor townie with bad taste and no manners, and then I wished for her to choke, and she did. So... So I'm pretty sure there's no way that could just be a coincidence. Then you don't understand statistics and probability. I don't need to; I have powers. Choking powers. Congratulations? FREYA: Oh, my God. Ingrid, it's him. GRID: Who? The guy from my dream. INGRID: Okay, that guy is fairly hot. (heart beating) INGRID: Are you blushing? This can't be happening. It's not. You are experiencing something called illusory correlation. You had a dream about a hot guy, and now you see a hot guy, so you retroactively turn him into the guy from your dream, so you can say the dream is prescient when it's really just a coincidence. You think everything's a coincidence. Because most things are. Come on, Ingrid! First Dash's mom and now this? What's your explanation? I would say you're losing it due to wedding stress. I need a drink. (both laughing) WOMAN (laughs): Stop. (glass shatters) (screaming) Creepy, right? Yeah. (laughs) Extremely creepy. Sorry. Didn't mean to startle you, Mrs. Beauchamp. Dash. Come on, we're at your engagement party, you're marrying my daughter; you can call me Joanna. Of course. Joanna. You know, it's-it's actually the man who built this place back in the early 1900s. Archibald Browning. You heard of him? Yeah, he was a real son of a bitch. So I've read. He... No, I mean, he was into some weird stuff. (chuckles) That's for sure. I mean, the architecture of this place, it's, uh, well, it's unique, I'll give it that. The restoration process was certainly a challenge. Well, you did a spectacular job. Thank you, Mrs. Beauchamp. (groans) Sorry. Joanna. (laughs) Please forgive me. I... yeah, I grew up with a lot of rules. Well, you should know that my daughter does not like rules. And if you tell her to do something, she'll do the opposite. That's what I love about her. Well, you've only known her for a few months. Check back with me in a year when you're ready to strangle her. INGRID:  I'll have a gimlet. Dirty martini please. Ingrid. Adam. (chuckles): Hey. You look great. So good to see you. So, um, this house is incredible, huh? I've never actually been inside. Yeah. Did you know there are all these tunnels and secret rooms where they used to have ritual animal sacrifices and sadomasochistic s*x orgies with people writhing around naked, covered in goat blood? Um... I wrote a dissertation about it. Oh. About witchcraft and occult practices in post-Revolutionary New York. Not about... goat orgies. Right, um... Thank you. Uh, sounds cool. I'd love to read it sometime. No, it's not that good. Plus, I've been a little blocked for the past few... years or so. Oh, that's too bad. But, you know, I'm sure you'll figure it out. So, I was sorry to hear about you and Emma. I always liked her. Wow. Bad news travels fast, huh? It's a small town. Yeah. Anyway, i-it's okay. She wasn't really that... Smart? I was gonna say "nice" but... Right. she also wasn't that smart. What can I say, ever since you turned me down... Turned you down? What are you talking about? Yeah, about a year ago. I came into the library. You helped me pick out a detective novel. I asked you to have dinner with me, and... you laughed in my face. I thought you were kidding. Why would I have been kidding about that? (phone buzzing) I, uh... Excuse me. This is Detective Noble. (quietly): What? Yeah. I'll be right there. Uh, I'm sorry. I have to go. Uh, a couple was attacked in Melrose Park. Excuse me. Attacked? Oh, no. Like, mugged? Like... murdered. DASH:  You okay? Yeah. Fine. You sure? You just seem off. Sorry. I just... don't feel that great. Too much champagne. Killian? How are you, man? This is a... little like seeing a ghost. Well, I figured my big brother's getting married. I should come congratulate him. You have a brother? Yeah. I-I told you I had a brother. No, you didn't. That's okay. I'm not surprised he wouldn't mention me. It's been a long time. I'm Killian. It's nice to meet you. Will you excuse me? I... Ladies' room. (sighs) (sighs) What is wrong with you? (exhaling steadily) (door clicks) (door closes) (sighs) I don't know what I'm doing. I shouldn't be here. I know this is going to sound... But I had a dream about this. I think I had the same dream. What happened in yours? (glass shattering) What...? I can't do this. I'm sorry, I don't know what's come over me. I have to go. (meows) (tires squeal) (woman screaming) (sirens wailing) WOMAN:  It was a cat. I'm telling you, I hit a cat, not a woman. Okay. 'Cause it looks a lot like you hit a naked woman. They interviewed the couple who found Bill and Mara Thatcher last night, and get this: He said the murderer ripped out Bill's eyeballs and tongue. Ew, Ingrid. Just ripped them right out. Enough. How gross is that? And Maura's in a coma. They think she's gonna make it? So, did you have a good time last night, Freya? (shrieks) Holy sh1t! There's my clumsy girl. Did you guys just see that? It-it spontaneously broke for no reason. Please, tell me you just saw that. I saw you knock into the counter. It was nowhere near the counter! Sweetie, are you okay? You seem a little... I'm fine. ...nervous. No, I'm not. I bet I know what it is. You do? - You're having second thoughts about the wedding. You're the one having second thoughts, Mom, not me. I just don't know what the hurry is. You're very young, you barely know him. What's the rush? The rush is she has no idea what she actually wants to do with her life, and getting married feels like doing something with her life. Even if it's the wrong thing. Hey, I am perfectly happy doing what I'm doing. I like being a bartender. I bring joy and drunkenness to people in need. Plus I am in love with Dash Gardiner. I've never felt this way about anyone. I know this is right. We belong together. And I don't care what you guys think. Freya, I just want to be sure that you're thinking this thing through. Dash travels a lot for work. How are you gonna handle that? So, you think I'm cheating on him? (stammers) (chuckles) What are you talking about? Nobody said that. I have to go see Dash. (passionate moaning) Wow... (chuckles) I must admit, I hate leaving you... but I do love our good-byes. (giggles) Why do you have to go halfway around the world? Can't you be a Doctor Without Borders here? I won't be gone that long. I promise I'll cut back on the traveling once we're married, okay? Okay. I don't want to be away from you. I hate it. Maybe we go to Vegas. We'll just do it. Or I could come on your trip. We could elope. You worried you're gonna change your mind? I will never change my mind. Neither will I. Good morning, Jim. (car engine starts) Morning. Mysticum flamma aperire pictura... Mysticum flamma aperire pictura... Mysticum flamma aperire pictura... Mysticum flamma aperire pictura... Mysticum flamma aperire pictura... Mysticum flamma aperire pictura... Mysticum flamma aperire... (door opening) (wind whistling) (sighs) Hey, Barbie. What's up? Hey. Hi. I just talked to the doctor. And our last try with IVF failed. And we don't have enough money for another round, so... The doctor said, at this point, it would take a miracle to get me pregnant. Oh, sweetie, I'm so sorry. Is there anything I can do? Well, you studied witchcraft. Do you know any "get pregnant" spells? Honey, I studied history, not how-to, but if there were such a thing as real witchcraft, and I somehow had the ability to use it, you would be the first person I would help. I know. (keys jingling) Wendy... You don't look so good. Well, I died this morning. So I'm sorry if my hair isn't perfect. What are you doing here? That's a fine welcome you give your sister you haven't seen in over a hundred years. How much money do you need? Actually, I came here to save your life. (phone ringing) Okay, okay. We'll see you tomorrow. Oh, my God, my butt is like eating my underwear. Hi. Hey. Hey. Um... listen, I'm really sorry for rushing out the other night. I realize I didn't even say good-bye, which was very rude of me, and... No, it's okay. You're a cop. If someone gets brutally murdered, you get a pass. So, how's the investigation coming? Well, actually, that's why I'm here. I know you know a lot about occult stuff, and, well, there was this, uh, weird symbol, uh, in the gravel where the bodies were found. I thought maybe you'd know what it meant. Uh, I-I have to warn you, these are, uh... these are graphic. Whoa! Yeah. Gruesome, I know. Do... do you recognize the symbol? It almost looks like a mixture of several I recognize, but they're all from different cultures. This is really strange. Can I keep this? I could check some books if you want. Yeah. Yeah, that-that'd be great. And, uh, and then... maybe we could, um, discuss it over coffee? Sure. Great. Bye, Ingrid. (footsteps approaching) How you doing, lady? Okay, I have an idea. And it's incredibly stupid, and I can't believe I'm suggesting it, but do you want to try a fertility spell? Are you serious? Look, I'm still a rational skeptic, but what the hell, it might be kind of fun, right? Hey, you want to help us cast a magic spell to try to get Barb pregnant? Only if I can make hats. I can't believe I got hit by a car. That's almost as dumb as the time I died from syphilis. So how many? Lives do I have left? I don't know-- a few. Who keeps count? Well, I would, if I only had nine. Well, you deal with your curses and I'll deal with mine. (groans) Joanna, I hate your clothes. You know, for a supposed artist, you dress like a schoolteacher. I am a schoolteacher. I teach art. (laughs) Oh, sorry. You know, I'm actually surprised that you let me in. Every time I call lately, you hang up. Lately? You haven't called since 1972. Well, I got sick of trying. Plus I've been busy. I moved to New Orleans. I opened up this cute little voodoo shop in the French Quarter. I got married, I got divorced, I got married again, I got widowed, I got eaten by a crocodile. I'm not even kidding about that. Plus I've been keeping an eye on you from afar. Even though you hate me. I don't hate you. I-I was just mad. Anyway, I haven't seen you in a century, and suddenly you turn up half-naked on my doorstep, telling me I'm in danger. Care to elaborate? Oh, yeah, I was getting to that, but first... where are the girls? We're gonna need their help. No, no. No way. Whatever this is, I'm keeping them out of it. And no magic while you're here. House rules. What are you talking about? The girls don't know what they are. What do you mean they don't know? I didn't tell them this time. How could you not tell them? I wanted to see if I could change their fate. You can't change fate. That's why they call it fate. It's fated. I just got sick of it. The endless cycle. I watched my girls grow up... grow into their gifts... And then, they die because of them. And before I'm even done mourning, the cycle starts up again. I'm suddenly nine months pregnant with Ingrid. And then soon after comes Freya. And once again my girls grow up. They practice magic. Then one way or another... they die by its hand... (bell tolling) over and over... and over... and over. I've given birth to them and watched them die I am sick of it. I decided this life, for once, they'd be normal. So you're denying them their birthright? I'm trying to give them something they have never, ever had, not in hundreds of years of so-called immortality: a long and happy life. And you think you're cursed. At least you got to have children. Having children is my curse. You can't hide their powers forever, Joanna. They're gonna come out one way or another, whether you want them to or not. 
 
 Be right with you, buddy. I'm trying to make this jar of olives explode with my mind. ♪ Never meant to start a fire So you just gonna stand there scowling at me, or can I have a drink? What can I get you, sir? What do you recommend? I recommend you leave now and never come back. (laughs) Why don't you make me the house special? I hear you're an artist, that your drinks are practically... aphrodisiacs. Well, but then you'll just end up all hot and bothered, and alone and frustrated. I'm already frustrated. Get used to it. So I'm staying in my boat. Docked down at Fair Haven. Little bit cramped, but I think we'll make do. What are you talking about? You're coming by after your shift, yeah? (laughs) No. Why not? Because I'm engaged to your brother. Didn't seem to stop you last night. That was a momentary lapse. (laughs) I bet you have a lot of those. Go to hell. Um... we're not gonna, like, awaken any evil spirits, are we? First of all, this is white magic, not black magic. And secondly, there's no such thing as any kind of magic, so I'm guessing not. Oh... Okay. Yes. So it says here we should join hands around Barb... Mm-hmm. ...and do the chant while she massages her uterus. Here we go. Nostri incantatores facit fertilis semen... (laughs) Uh... "semen." What are you, 12? It's Latin. It means "seed." Ew. Are we doing this or not? Suddenly, Miss I'm-Too-Good-For-Witchcraft is kind of getting into the witchcraft. I believe if you do something, you should do it right. Now, come on. Nostri incantatores facit fertilis semen. Nostri incantatores facit fertilis semen. Nostri incantatores facit fertilis semen... Shouldn't there be, like, flashes of light? Or a puff of smoke, or something? From the fake spell we got off the Internet? I'm bored. You guys want to go grab a drink at the Bent Elbow? Yes. Totally. Please. Hey. I know you've been angry at me these past hundred years. Why would I be angry at you? You only killed my eldest daughter. It was an accident. Plus, Ingrid was reborn. It's never the same. She's always a little bit different. And every time I lose them, it gets a little bit harder. Oh, don't even act like your curse isn't way better than mine. Oh, here we go... Immortality? Is that really even a curse? Immortality with endless motherhood. Do you know how many times I gave birth before they invented the epidural? Not to mention soap. All right, but even though you're "cursed" with immortality, you're not really immortal, are you, Joanna? I mean, if somebody wanted to kill you, really wanted to kill you, they could. Even with your girls, the right spell in the wrong hands could not only kill Freya and Ingrid, but it could stop them from being reborn. What are you getting at? Put out your cards. I don't know where they are. Yeah, you do. (sighs) I had a dream about you the other night. Your eyes were green, they were glowing, because it wasn't you, it was a shifter, somebody doing evil in your name. When I awoke, I dealt a deck for you. I couldn't believe what I saw. I thought I made a mistake, so I dealt them again, and again, and again. Every time, the same thing. This can't be right. Look here. The Impostor. Look at the eyes. And here, the cloak pulled back. I didn't know what that meant at first, but now I know. It's the powers that you're hiding from your daughters. They're about to be revealed. The life you built here, Joanna, it's about to change. Upheaval, death, destruction, pain, imprisonment, betrayal. It's coming for you. Like nothing you've ever seen before. Hold on. Don't get dramatic. You're always so damn dramatic. N... No, no, no, no, no. (groans) This isn't happening. Okay, first things first: your enemy. The one who can make themselves look like you. From the lay of the cards, it looks like they don't have the tools to kill you quite yet. They're still searching, so that gives us some time. Do you have any idea who it might be? I have absolutely no idea. You said somebody bought Fair Haven. The boy who's marrying Freya? No, he's mortal. How do you know? Because I tested him. Ah! Oopsie! Mom, did you just stab my fiancé? So clumsy. Let me get a Band-Aid. Ow! What is wrong with you? Nothing. Be right back. Baby, I'm sorry. Dico me est hoc creatura humana. (screech) The test was definitive. Dash Gardiner is just an ordinary man. Only very rich. The cards don't lie. You have an enemy, Joanna. Somebody who wants to hurt you. Somebody whose powers rival your own. And they're not gonna stop until you and your girls are dead. Forever dead. (panting) I knew you'd come. I knew you'd come. Why do you look so sad? Because I've waited 400 years for this, and it's not even really happening. (gasps) (exhales) INGRID:  So you're saying she's crazy? I'm saying she's eccentric. Who's eccentric? Our aunt. We have an aunt? I told you guys about Aunt Wendy. I'd always just assumed you made her up as a cautionary tale about what happens when sisters fight. No, she's very real. She's upstairs in the attic sleeping. And you guys should know, she's... a little off. (cat meows) (women scream) (growls) She also brought her cat. Bad cat! If you're not careful, I'm gonna have you spayed. (yowls) I'm a little off, am I? Look, I do appreciate you coming to help with the whole "someone's trying to kill me" thing. But the one rule I ask you abide while you're here is stay in human form. And don't involve the girls in this. Wait, that's two rules. Oh, here's another: put on some clothes. Were you not paying attention last night? The girls are gonna figure out who they are, whether you want them to or not. Not if we stop this ourselves first. Now get dressed. I'm tired of looking at your nipples. Well, then find me something that doesn't make me look like the old woman who lived in a shoe. Do you think it's possible to have two soul mates? I don't think it's possible to have one soul mate. I think "soul mates" is a concept Hollywood invented to sell tickets to Meg Ryan movies. Okay. Do you think it's possible to be in love with two men at once? No. I think romantic love is a concept Hollywood invented to sell tickets to Katherine Heigl movies. No, you don't. So who is he? I just meant hypothetically. Hypothetically, who is he? Hypothetically, he's Dash's brother. Freya, you didn't. Oh, I know. I love Dash. So much. I do. He's... safe and warm and comforting and familiar and hot and funny and romantic and sweet, and I can totally see myself spending the rest of my life with him. Good. 'Cause you're engaged. But then there's Killian. Oh, my God. And I can't explain it, but he is like... lightning bolt passion crazy amazing awesome soul mate sexual insanity. Oh, Freya. Oh, Freya. - Don't say "Oh, Freya." Please don't say "Oh, Freya." I hate it when you say "Oh, Freya"! Girls, I want you to meet your Aunt Wendy. Freya. Hi, I'm sure you don't remember me, Hi. But we met a long time ago. And, boy, did we have fun. Oh, well, please tell me some stories about Mom that I can use against her later. Oh, honey, I've got a million. Ingrid. You look so... It's really nice to meet you. I'm late for work. I've got to go. (door opens) What was that about? I don't know. Tell me about this boy Dash. He's not a boy, Aunt Wendy. He's a man. And he's amazing. But... But nothing. He's seriously perfect. I couldn't be happier. Or more conflicted. You love him. That's very clear. But you're tempted by another. Oh, my God. How did you know? Your aura. It's, like, 12 different colors right now. You can read auras? Uh-huh. I'm very intuitive. Especially with other w... family members. I can read auras, too. Or at least I can see them. Sometimes. I think. Freya, there's something you should know about your Aunt Wendy. She's what people in the psychiatric profession call "a flake." And you shouldn't listen to anything she says. Well, I guess I'm a flake, too. Must run in the family. (chuckles) You keep messing with my girls, and that curse on your head'll be the least of your worries. What? It's not like I levitated over by the zucchini cart or something. We're gonna have to work on getting that broomstick out of your ass, babe. (door closes) Mysticum flamma aperire pictura. Mysticum flamma aperire pictura. Mysticum flamma aperire pictura. Mysticum flamma aperire pictura. Mysticum flamma aperire pictura. Mysticum... (grunts) (breathing heavily) If you come with me, I can help you get revenge on the witch who did this to you. (indistinct chatter) Figured my not showing up at your boat last night would've been a hint. It's not why I'm here. Conceited. Look, I decided we should be friends. You want to be friends? Well, you are marrying my brother, so in a way we're practically family. We should at least be friends. Hang out, get to know each other. Platonically, of course. I don't really think that's a good idea. I get it. You're afraid you won't be able to keep your hands off me. (chuckles) In your dreams. True, but I promise to be a gentleman. All right, I'm game. Cool. We'll be friends. You'll marry Dash then spend the rest of your life wondering what it would've been like with me. (laughs) I'm sorry. Who's the conceited one? At least that's what I'll be doing anyway. So, can I get a drink or what? Pal. All right, chill out, buddy. I'll go make you something. ♪ Yeah ♪ Yeah... Hey, where have you been all day? Freaking out. Why? (gasps) (laughs) Wait, did you pee on this? Yah-ha! I mean, you don't think... What, that it was the spell? The doctor did say that it would take a miracle. Okay, besides the fact that we got it off a Web site that misspelled both the words "fertility" and the word "spell," it's way too fast for that to have worked. Well, all I know is, yesterday I wasn't pregnant, and then we did that spell, and then Bob and I-- you know-- twice, and then I went to sleep and I had this dream. You were there. You were handing me my baby. But that was just a dream. I know it was, and it seems crazy, but it also feels kind of true, too, doesn't it? Like, if this were a movie, right now would be the moment where the girl who thought she was ordinary finds out she's actually magic and the power was within her all along. I, I have to go. Hey. Well, what are, what are you so upset about? FREYA: Yes. Drink up. You are kicking my ass. (sighs) Never play darts against a bartender. ♪ You got me with your fingers on my throat ♪ ♪ And my head on the floor... See, I, for one, think this whole platonic thing is going great. It's not, not torture at all. I'm gonna go to the bathroom. ♪ Yeah, this is how you want me to play ♪ ♪ You know I love it, but it's stopping today ♪ ♪ I'm slipping away... I don't care how drunk you are or how hot he is. Keep it friendly, Freya. Friendly friends. Whoa, hey, ladies' room. Uh,  ocupado,  buddy. Hello, Freya. Hi, stranger. You have quite the sunburn there. You know, I'd put some aloe on that ASAP. She said that you'd be different, that you wouldn't remember me. Who said? My benefactor. She really hates your family, even more than I do. She said that I could have you as my toy, that I could do whatever I want with you. (grunts) You're not the, not the same Freya, but you're still Freya. Okay, I think you have me confused with a different Freya. It's a very common name. (screams) I asked you to be my bride, and you rejected me. (gasps) All I did was get a little bit angry, and what did you do? You stuck me in a desert for 80 years! Well, guess what. I'm gonna do a lot more than hit you this time. Killian, somebody! ♪ Take what you came here for ♪ I'm ready for you... Stop that! Somebody! I said stop that! Help me! (gasping) Quiet. Oh, God, just let me go. Just let me go, please. My magic is a little bit rusty, and I was never as talented as you, which is why you're gonna be the one to cast the spell. Take this. Uh... (panting) I'm gonna cast a magic spell with a scented candle? Yes, we are. Okay, take a deep breath. Repeat after me. Mysticum pictura devorare nos. I don't speak that. (gasps) Yes, you do, Freya, yes, you do, Now say it. BOTH:  Mysticum pictura devorare nos. Good, again. BOTH:  Mysticum pictura devorare nos. Mysticum pictura devorare nos. Mysticum pictura devorare nos. Again. Mysticum pictura devorare nos. What? Hey, I'm making a vision stew. I used this once to track down an old boyfriend of mine who owed me money. Thought we could use it to find our imposter. It's in the peyote family, so don't be alarmed if the walls start breathing. Do you want a taste? (gasps) (raspy gasp) (indistinct chatter) ♪ (glass shatters) (panting) (knocking) KILLIAN: Freya, did you fall in? Freya. Freya? Freya. ♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh ♪ So what you gonna say now? Thanks. I heard you were ready to talk to me. I know who killed my husband. Oh, my God, what happened? You stabbed me. Plus I think I ruined your towel. Okay, it's okay, I can fix this. I can do a healing spell. No, no, no, wait, no, no, it's too late. Listen to me. The imposter-- she's real. I was right; she looks like you. I managed to eat some stew after she left. I had a vision. Oh, man, walls are breathing. Holy sh1t. Listen, you have to save Freya. The bar where she works-- in the bathroom, there's a picture. An old lover of hers wants revenge. Guys, what the hell is going on? Shh. He's going to take her in there. He wants to kill her in the picture because he knows if he does... She can't be reborn. I wish I could help you. I don't understand what's happening. We don't have much time. We have to help your sister, but first there's something I need to tell you. It's the truth about who we are. Please don't tell me we're witches. We're witches. When you were little, I put a spell on you girls so you wouldn't figure out what we were. It barely worked on Freya, but it worked too well on you. Freya knew and you lied to her. You sent her to therapy. Oh, my God, she is going to be so pissed. Only if we can save her. I don't believe you. I am a rational skeptic. I am a wallflower. Baby, no, you're magic. (gasps) INGRID: Oh, this isn't happening. Wendy. (doorbell rings) Detective Noble. Joanna Beauchamp, you are under arrest for the murder of Bill Thatcher and the attempted murder of Maura Thatcher. You have the right to remain silent. Wait, Adam, what the hell? She was positively I.D.'d by the victim. I'm sorry. Mom. You have to save your sister. You're the only one who can do it. Please don't tell me the power was within me all along. The breakfront has a false back. You'll find everything you need inside. Ingrid, hurry, please. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 