Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x07 - Rosie - The Slap 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x07 - Rosie https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=212&t=17516 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/27/15 01:27 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x07 - Rosie 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Rosie : Previously on The Slap... 
 Why are you taking pictures of my kid? 
 He has evidence, Gary. 
 We're not dragging Richie into any part of this. 
 Hector : It was just a kiss. 
 Aisha : You had a relationship with a teenage babysitter. 
 Richie was taking pictures at the barbecue. 
 Yes. 
 Connie : He has pictures of Hugo being slapped. 
 The way you love your son is one of the most beautiful things I have ever seen in my life. 
 We need more evidence, better witnesses, more proof. 
 Do us both a favor and delete the photos. 
 Sometimes the court isn't how you get what you want. 
 Are you telling us we should just let this go? 
 None of the State, nor the Defendant wish to come to some sort of an arrangement? 
 In that case, we go to trial. 
 [Soft piano music] 
 You have been standing, looking at this thing for 20 minutes. 
 I can't stop staring at it. 
 The bear. 
 Hm. 
 It's not bad. 
 It's the best thing in the show, is what it is. 
 Really? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 [Sighs] I think it's a little, tiny bit overwrought. 
 God, are you a critic, or what? 
 Hm. 
 Oh, you're jealous. 
 Mm. 
 A lot of big ideas, but he hasn't done it yet. 
 He might, though, if he stops drinking and going to parties and sleeping all day and he plays tennis and focuses, ate right. 
 All you have here... This is the daubings of a clown. 
 Well, I'm gonna buy it. 
 Well, that would be nice if it was for sale, but it's not. 
 How do you know? 
 I painted it. 
 But you knew that, right? 
 Or is this my lucky day? 
 Both. 
 [Heavy breathing] 
 [Gentle music] 
 [Rosie sighs] 
 Male narrator : After six fruitless but exciting years in New York, chasing careers in modeling, publishing, fashion photography, and a dalliance with jewelry making, Rosie had finally found what she was looking for: A great man, a man who would love her, support her, and provide for her in manner about which she had always dreamt. 
 [Both breathing heavily] 
 Gary : All right. Come on, guys. 
 He can't be late, Rosie. It's his first day. 
 Are you excited to go to school? 
 Yes, but are you staying with me? 
 Gary : Yeah, we will for a little while just to make sure you're okay, but your mommy has an appointment, and I'm gonna be around the corner drawing, 'cause it's forbidden for parents to see what they're gonna do to you in there. 
 [Laughs] It's because you're a big boy. 
 Gary : Is that okay? 
 You nervous? 
 No. 
 But I want to bring my spear just in case. 
 In case of what? 
 You're not gonna need your spear for anything. 
 My Aquaman spear. 
 I still think we should wait till after the trial is over... 
 Why? 
 So we can bring in Harry's head on a plate for show-and-tell? 
 Come on, big guy. [Grunts] 
 Gary : There we go. 
 [Hugo grunting, yelling] 
 Rosie : It's okay. You're gonna like it here. 
 You have three friends: Byron, Lucas, and Molly. 
 Three more friends than I got, kiddo. 
 You're gonna make Mommy proud. 
 You're not coming in? 
 Daddy is. 
 I'll be back to pick you up, and you can tell me all about your day. 
 [Growls] 
 Okay, Fido. Let's go. 
 Hugo : Does that mean we're gonna have a dog? 
 No. No. 
 Oh, come on. Please? 
 Gary : No. 
 Hugo : Even if I'm very good going to class without you? 
 Way too long... 
 [Relaxing music] 
 [Laughs] 
 You're kidding me, right? 
 What? 
 You're gonna show up in court looking like you just came from some ashram in Goa. 
 They're gonna laugh you out of there. 
 All you're missing is the patchouli. 
 I have to look like me, Anouk. Come on. 
 You need to look the exact opposite of you. 
 Okay, what is that supposed to mean? 
 Like a serious person. 
 You just made it worse. What does that mean? 
 Simple, elegant cross around your neck, dark, somber dress. 
 [Sighs] 
 God. 
 This is not a stupid TV show, Anouk. 
 This is serious. 
 Anouk : What are you gonna do when the trial is over, and Hugo goes to school, and real life starts to back up again? 
 Take a nap. 
 Why do you stay here? 
 Gary's always going on about how everything's changed, and "the rich" this and "the rich" that. 
 And he's right. 
 Are you trying to get rid of me just when you're about to have a kid, is that it? 
 Don't you want our children to grow up together? 
 Yeah, you're right. 
 I just don't think this city is helping with all the rampant brittle-ass craziness that's soaked us all lately. 
 Mm. 
 You think New York is making us crazy. 
 I'm not crazy. 
 I just have a child that was traumatized, that's all. 
 Now, look at me. 
 Formidable, right? 
 Anouk : Mm. 
 The D.A. will love it. 
 [Cell phone ringing] 
 Hi. 
 You better come down here. 
 Is everything okay with Hugo? 
 Define "okay." 
 [Soft jazz music] 
 I'm sure this is just one of those days. 
 You know, it's a period of adjustment at first. 
 That's what it sounds like. 
 This was an extended tantrum, and not at all cooperating with the teacher. 
 Well, what was he being asked to do? 
 All Hugo was asked to do was sit still for Quiet Time, 15 minutes at his desk, and he wouldn't, and when asked, he refused and ran around grabbing toys and yelling and disturbing the other children. 
 Well, how would you like to be ordered to randomly be quiet? 
 Rosie. 
 I'm... I'm sorry. 
 He's had a hard time lately. 
 We all have. 
 I think it's a little post-traumatic stress from... 
 Hugo was slapped in the face by a man a few months ago. 
 And it's been very bad. 
 We're about to go to court for it. 
 This man is gonna go to jail. 
 And I think once Hugo knows that he's safe, he'll feel much more comfortable in this world. 
 See, I'm trying to show him how actions have consequences. 
 You understand? 
 I understand. 
 Perhaps Hugo will be ready for us after this is all resolved. 
 What do you mean? 
 Here at The Rain Tree, we encourage our children to socialize in a positive, nurturing, and safe environment, Mrs. Weschler. 
 It's about a community. 
 Maybe I should talk to him. Where is he now? 
 Woman : He's in a time-out. 
 A what? 
 Woman : He might have been overstimulated. 
 Yes, he can be, which is why we're hoping that you'll work with us... 
 You don't understand. 
 We raised Hugo as an equal, as someone who expects a certain modicum of respect. 
 But this is not a time that... 
 I'm sure if you just give us a chance, just give him and us another chance, you will see that he's a wonderful little boy. 
 Okay. 
 I can see that already, Mrs. Weschler. 
 Julia, could you bring Hugo Weschler to me, please? 
 Thank you. 
 I'm sorry. 
 I think Mrs. Weschler is right. 
 I think this may not be the perfect situation for Hugo. 
 [Rosie sighs] 
 It wasn't the right place, and it's not the right time. 
 Too much is happening. 
 This is supposed to be a really good school, you know. 
 Please, please be supportive for once. 
 Right. Okay. I will be supportive. 
 Can I have some lollipops? Lollipops. 
 Yeah, we're not doing candy right now, Hugo. 
 Oh, come on, please. The fun guy gives me some. 
 Who? 
 Rocco's daddy. He always gives me some. 
 He always gives me candy when we see him. 
 Please? We never see him anymore. 
 The fun... Do you mean Harry? 
 Harry who hit you? 
 Come on, Mom, let's see if they have lollipops! 
 Just take him home, please. 
 I'm supposed to meet Charlie Safin for lunch after this. 
 Who the hell is that? 
 Uh, my gallery owner, or is making a living no longer a priority? 
 I have a meeting with the D.A. 
 Just do this, all right? 
 Hugo : Come on, Mama! 
 Lollipops! Lollipops! 
 Hold on. 
 Bridget : It's called discovery, which means either side has to reveal new evidence to the other. 
 But it was five years ago. 
 What does this have to do with someone hitting my son? 
 Nothing, which is why I'm going to petition to have it withdrawn. 
 But I need to know what happened. 
 Or should I just go with the official version of things? 
 It says you left Hugo at home for several hours... 
 Alone. 
 I thought Gary would be home sooner. 
 I just needed to get out, to drive somewhere. 
 It was wrong. 
 You drove to Montauk. 
 It was like someone drove me there, someone other than myself. 
 [Soft dramatic music] 
 [Sniffles] 
 I had read about postpartum depression. 
 But I guess you can read about a car wreck and never actually know what it's like. 
 How did Child Protective Services get involved? 
 Gary called the police. 
 He didn't know where I was. 
 He was trying to do the right thing. 
 Okay. 
 Well, we've got 48 hours before we do this. 
 Let me try to kill it. 
 But it does raise the question of how would Thanassis even know to look for this? 
 You think short-term, you get short-term. 
 Yeah, fine. Save me the lecture. 
 Let's pretend I convince my partners in Shanghai that they should concern themselves with purity of Manhattan tap water. 
 What do I get back from you? 
 L.O.H. 
 Lack of headaches. 
 Great. 
 I'm being shaken down by Greenpeace. 
 And a 15% subsidy on all future retrofit materials, courtesy of the city of New York. 
 Hector, you're good, too good for this crap. 
 Hey, Hector. 
 Rosie, hey. 
 Uh, is every... 
 This is... This is Rosie. It's my wife's best friend. 
 Hello, wife's best friend. 
 Can you talk? 
 Uh, sure. 
 I'm just in the middle of something. 
 I know. 
 I called your office, but it's important. 
 Okay. 
 I'll just be a minute. 
 What's going on? 
 What did you do to me? 
 Excuse me, what did I do? 
 Harry's lawyers know about my postpartum depression. 
 And I know for a fact Aisha would never, under any circumstances... 
 So what? 
 Oh, yeah. 
 I can imagine you telling Harry, whispering in his ear. 
 Is that what happened? 
 No. 
 You're totally nuts right now. 
 And you'd think I'd ever condone Thanassis exploiting you? 
 I tried to stop it, so did my dad. 
 So what is this? 
 Are you deliberately trying to destroy 20 years of friendship? 
 Because that's what you're doing. 
 Yeah, I have a meeting to get back to. 
 It's part of the job, actually, Janice, that you need to let me know how many patients we have ahead of time. 
 Just... It really affects how much time I spend with each one. 
 Yeah, I just don't know if I'm allowed to break in... 
 Oh, no. You must. 
 Of course, yeah. 
 Just, if you buzz me, then I'll have a... 
 Could you just pop across the street, get us a couple of flat whites? 
 Sure. 
 Yeah. Great. 
 Well, now I know why you left. 
 I haven't been able to sleep thinking about what I did. 
 Well, I hope you haven't come to ask me for any sleeping pills. 
 No. 
 No, I just had to tell you that nothing really happened. 
 You need to know that Hector ended it before it became anything. 
 Rosie told me you're staying at Anouk's. 
 Well, it's what happens, actually, when things like this occur. 
 I made a terrible mistake because I'm an idiot. 
 I ruined everything. I'm so sorry. 
 I can't comfort you, Connie. 
 I know. 
 [Sniffs] 
 You need to get some sleep. 
 Gary : Ah, look at this. 
 A group show of emerging young artists. 
 The last thing New York needs, other than more filthy rich Europeans. 
 Oh, by the way, I think we should cancel our cable and just use the guy next door, the racist. 
 It's, like, 3 grand a year, though. 
 You going to sleep? 
 Uh, maybe, yeah. I don't know. 
 Because I was thinking you need a suit for the trial. 
 Could go buy one in the morning. 
 I have a suit. 
 Rosie : No, you don't. 
 Yes, I do. 
 Yes, I do. 
 It's slightly iridescent, but the pants match the coat, and that's what makes it a suit. 
 Yeah. 
 You were wearing it when we first met. 
 Gary : Mm-hmm. 
 Had the painting not been as good, I would have walked right by. 
 Oh, yes. 
 I remember thinking, "Wait. 
 "Is the major blonde dressed like Stevie Nicks really looking at my painting?" 
 I was so nervous. 
 I was trying to come out with something that didn't sound totally stupid. 
 Oh, I think I took care of that part. 
 I remember thinking, "It's really a self-portrait." 
 A self-portrait? 
 You thought I was a bear? 
 Yes. 
 I thought you were a bear. 
 Oh, that's a good one. 
 Good going. 
 I'm gonna go work. 
 [Soft dramatic music] 
 [Soft music] 
 [Buzzing] 
 Who is it? 
 Rosie : Fiona? 
 It's Fiona, right? It's Rosie. 
 Rosie Weschler. 
 Uh, Richie works for me sometimes. 
 I got something for him. 
 [Buzzing] 
 Fiona : Rosie, hi. Come on in. 
 Oh, Fiona. 
 I... I forgot to pay Richie, and we're not seeing him this week, so I just wanted to stop by. 
 Oh, so sweet. He's here. 
 How's Hugo doing? 
 I think it changed him. 
 [Faint pop music] 
 Richie : Look, I know exactly why you're here, and it's... 
 It's not to pay me or to have a cup of coffee and check in on me. 
 Please, Richie. 
 No. 
 You're here for the pictures of the barbecue. 
 And I'm telling you what I told Connie: I'm not doing it. 
 I'm not being a part of this. 
 Richie. 
 Nobody's standing up for my son. 
 You could exonerate. They're insane. 
 Excuse that he was holding a bat... If you have pictures... 
 This can't all be put on me. 
 Don't ask me again. 
 I'm sorry. I don't mean to be rude. 
 But I can't be responsible for someone going to prison. 
 
 
 
 Fiona : Are you okay here? 
 I was just leaving. 
 [Sighs] 
 [Sighs] 
 Rosie! 
 Fiona. 
 You're trying to protect Hugo. 
 Yes. Exactly. 
 I... I really... 
 So then you'll understand this, from one mother to another. 
 I need you to stay away from my son. 
 You have no idea what he has been through. 
 What? What do you mean? 
 I mean, you need to start looking for another babysitter. 
 [Soft dramatic music] 
 [Sighs] 
 [Sniffling] 
 [Sighing] 
 [Engine turning over] 
 [Trunk slams shut] 
 I mean, this is really great if you're looking for... 
 You found me the car I was looking for, Harry. 
 I don't know how you do that. 
 [Chuckles] 
 Harry : Yeah, that's my superhero skill, you know? 
 It's so clean, original owner, California car, no rust. 
 It's exactly what you said you wanted. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 You've got to be joking. 
 Oh, hey, give me sec, will you? 
 Rosie. 
 Rosie : Could we talk for a second? 
 Please. 
 What could you possibly want to say to me that can't wait till court? 
 I think this has gotten way out of hand. 
 I think that... They drop... 
 No, uh, I talked to the prosecutor. and if you plead no contest, there'd be no... 
 It would end with no punishment, just... just... Just a record, but no jail or anything. 
 No contest? 
 Isn't that what guilty people do when a deal's been made? 
 Here's the problem: I'm not guilty. 
 Yes, but... 
 Rosie... 
 [Sighs] 
 I'm sorry. 
 But you got to understand, you and your husband dragged our names in the newspapers, in police blotters, in the  Post . 
 The Times , they got this thing... 
 This really classy column called "Crime Scene." 
 I was... 
 As far as my clientele is concerned, I'm a child beater. 
 I beat children. 
 I'm sorry. It's too late. 
 I got to get my good name back, and in court, I will do that. 
 [Sighs] This is killing all of us. 
 I wish you'd thought of that before. 
 I tried. Hector tried. 
 But there's no going back now, Rosie. 
 We could both go... 
 Rosie. 
 You did what you thought you had to do to protect your family. 
 Now I'm doing what I have to do to protect mine. 
 [Soft dramatic music] 
 Thanassis, it's Harry. 
 You are never gonna believe who just paid me a visit. 
 "Weeks passed, and the little rabbit grew very old and shabby. But the boy loved him just as much. He loved him so hard that he loved all his whiskers off. And the pink lining to his ears turned grey. And his brown spots"... 
 Hey. 
 Daddy! 
 Daddy, Daddy, Daddy! 
 Hello, little man. 
 Hello. 
 Why are you not already in pajamas? 
 It is totally bedtime for chimps. 
 Okay, go. 
 Whoa. 
 Go get ready for bed. 
 I'll come in and say good night in a couple of minutes. 
 How was your day? 
 Just great. 
 Yeah? Well, I got a call from Saltire. 
 Apparently Harry's lawyer's immediately moved for dismissal based on your little field trip. 
 What? 
 Of course, I couldn't say much, 'cause I didn't know anything about it. 
 God. 
 How could you not know that's the last thing you're supposed to do? 
 Why didn't you at least talk to me about it first? 
 Talk to you? 
 What, and be pummeled again for fighting for our child? 
 That... That's me. I don't care. 
 Right? 
 And you... What? 
 You get dressed up in your cute little outfit, and you... 
 My what? 
 Go down there and try to convince Harry that you're the victim here. 
 You are not! 
 Said the greatest victim of all time. 
 How did you become this? 
 A man who's so inert, so lazy that he can't even be bothered to fight for his own flesh and blood. 
 You may have just sunk your own case. 
 You have no idea what you're doing! 
 Maybe you should have been watching our child, instead of playing mind games with a man who's half as smart as you and twice as successful. 
 Spoken by a true free spirit. 
 You are such a lie. 
 If only they knew. 
 [Soft dramatic music] 
 Mommy? 
 Hugo : Are you and Daddy fighting because of me? 
 No, my little carrot. 
 [Rosie grunts] 
 Stupid grown-up things, just stupid little grown-up... 
 It's okay. 
 "He even began to lose his shape. 
 "And he scarcely looked like a rabbit anymore, "except to the boy. 
 "To him, he was always beautiful. 
 And that was all that the little rabbit cared about." 
 "He didn't mind how he looked to other people, "because the nursery magic had made him real. 
 "And when you're real, shabbiness doesn't matter." 
 ["The Door" by Aloa Input playing] 
 ♪ And it looks like you found me there ♪ 
♪ This life is a maze ♪ 
♪ So you really wander ♪ 
 [Soft indie rock music] 
 What do you think? 
 What do I think of what? 
 Uh, the painting. 
 Oh, is that what this is? 
 Just needed to make sure. 
 Right. 
 No. 
 What do I think? 
 I think there's no reason to paint. 
 But we know this, right? 
 It doesn't put food on the table. 
 It doesn't make you or the people around you happy. 
 It's just this vestige from a primordial time when we scratched messages onto walls, hoping that someone would see us. 
 And yet, we do. 
 And it's good. 
 Really? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Gary Weschler thinks I'm good? 
 Yes, he does. 
 Aisha : Fractal. Is that even a word? 
 I don't know. 
 It's a bunch of triangles, isn't it? 
 Didn't the teacher try and explain how to do it? 
 No. 
 Yeah. 
 He's having all kinds of problems with fractals, and I can't help. 
 Can you do it? 
 He's never gonna need it. 
 Well, yeah, that might be the case, but we don't want him to fail, do we? 
 Never. 
 [Soft dramatic music] 
 Bridget : In many ways, this is a small case. 
 Blood wasn't spilled, property wasn't damaged, fortunes weren't lost. 
 But in another sense, it is fundamental. 
 This case is about our responsibility as civil servants trusted to ensure the well-being of the people of New York, to protect our most precious asset: Our children. 
 This is the story of a happy family occasion marred by an unforgivable act of aggression met on an innocent. 
 Hugo's scars may, indeed, heal, but he stands in for children throughout the five boroughs of New York who deserve the full protection of the law, just as Mr. Apostolou deserves to be punished to the full extent those laws can provide. 
 Thanassis : I agree with my esteemed colleague. 
 This is, in fact, about an unforgivable act of aggression. 
 But it was not met upon a child, but upon Mr. Apostolou himself, who like his uncle, his cousin, and like so many immigrants who come to this country asking for nothing more than a fair shake, instead, what is he getting in this specious set of charges? 
 Nothing less than an assassination of character, unwarranted, immoral, and unjust. 
 [Hugo grunting, making sound effects] 
 Give it back. 
 Woman : Okay. 
 Oh, no, they're getting a diamond spear. 
 Don't. 
 Don't! [Whining] 
 [Grunting] 
 Oh, no. They're after me. 
 They're gonna pull out my diamond spear. 
 Bridget : Dr. Cole, did you tend to Hugo immediately after he was slapped? 
 Moments later, yes, I did. 
 Can you tell the court about his injuries? 
 Hugo was extremely upset. 
 He was crying hysterically. 
 And there was a mark on his face at that time, a pronounced one. 
 There was lividity there. 
 It was the... It was the mark of a forceful slap: Angry, red. 
 So I checked for signs of concussion. 
 I checked his eyes, which, though red from crying, were otherwise normal. 
 It took him a long time to calm down. 
 His cheek remained red for some time. 
 And, I mean, certainly, it was still red when he left our home. 
 And emotional scars? 
 Objection. 
 Dr. Cole is not a psychologist, nor, might I add, a pediatrician. 
 Sustained. 
 Bridget : Thank you, Doctor. 
 Nothing more at this time. 
 Your witness. 
 No further questions, your honor. 
 Judge Leguillou : We'll take a half-hour recess. 
 [Gavel bangs] 
 Okay, question. Why didn't you cross? 
 Because I didn't want to hear her answers. 
 You look wonderful today, my dear. 
 Thank you, Mano. 
 Are you okay? 
 I'll get through this. 
 Yes. 
 You will. 
 Think I put on some weight. 
 I adore you and Hugo, and I am not gonna let anything happen to us. 
 [Soft uplifting music] 
 Bridget : How often have you been to the Apostolous' for barbecues? 
 Rosie : Oh, for awhile, it was almost every weekend. 
 And you felt safe having your son there? 
 Yes, of course. Always. 
 Bridget : Even when Harry was there? 
 It's not that I ever thought that Mr. Apostolou is a bad man. 
 He made me laugh sometimes, even. 
 I didn't feel nervous around him, no. 
 He is part of a family that are like a family to me. 
 We've spent Thanksgivings together. 
 We've been to their house. 
 And his wife is my friend. 
 There are times that every parent has to deal with a child misbehaving. 
 But, somehow, we find the strength to see past that and love them. 
 And no one has the right to usurp my position in raising my child and punishing him... 
 Nobody. 
 And now there's a kind of fear in him. 
 There's a kind of sadness or fear. 
 His drawings have changed. 
 One of the things he does, uh... 
 My husband's an artist. 
 And Hugo likes to stand beside him and paint. 
 And now the imagery is both violent and hectic. 
 And I have had... My husband... 
 My husband and I have had to try to assure him that the world isn't a dangerous and violent place, that he is safe. 
 He is safe. 
 But now he thinks I'm a liar. 
 Because now he knows that the world isn't safe, and that strange men can just slap you across the face as you try and learn to play baseball with some other children. 
 Who is he to do that? 
 He had no right, none. 
 [Crying] 
 Let's take a little recess, please. 
 [Gavel bangs] 
 Thank you, Mrs. Weschler. 
 She just killed me. 
 Listen to me. 
 I know I promised you that I would not go after these people personally, but I also promised that I would keep Harry out of jail. 
 Now, are you okay with me doing what I have to do? 
 You're going to lose this case. 
 Do you want me to win it? 
 Do whatever you have to. 
 [Gentle dramatic music] 
 Thanassis : Mrs. Weschler, how long have you and your husband been married? 
 Nine years. 
 And your husband has had a history of alcohol issues, is that not so? 
 Objection. 
 I don't see how this is relevant, Your Honor. 
 Thanassis : Unfortunately, Your Honor, it is very much to the heart of the matter. 
 In her statement, Mrs. Weschler claims that her child suffers trauma from the incident, but I think that the incident itself does not tell the whole story of what, in fact, is happening in the life of young Hugo Weschler. 
 He is being raised surrounded by... 
 No. 
 He is within a culture of very serious drinking, I am afraid. 
 That isn't fair or accurate. 
 Thanassis : And so it is my contention, Your Honor, that had Hugo's parents been more in control, this never would have happened. 
 Objection. Calls for speculation. 
 Your Honor, in the absence of any concrete evidence that my client was not protecting his own son, which is, in fact, the case, I am trying to create a picture of the conditions precedent to the event itself. 
 Go ahead. 
 Mrs. Weschler, on that day, were you drinking at all? 
 Well, I mean, yes. It was wine. 
 Wine. 
 Okay. Wine. 
 And do you happen to recall how many glasses of wine you had? 
 [Sighs] 
 Um, if... 
 Three, maybe four. 
 Three, maybe four glasses of wine. 
 And you are still breast-feeding, aren't you? 
 Yes. I am. 
 Mrs. Weschler, do you breast-feed your son to help him get to sleep? 
 Rosie : Yes. 
 Even after consuming three or four alcoholic drinks? 
 I wouldn't... 
 I wouldn't feed him straight away. 
 I wouldn't... Not... 
 And you breast-fed Hugo at the barbecue at certain points, did you not? 
 Yes, I did. 
 Thanassis : More than once, twice? 
 I'm sorry, but you have to answer the question so that it's on the record. 
 Yes, more than twice. 
 Mrs. Weschler, do you know how long it takes to metabolize three or four glasses of wine before it is safe to breast-feed the child? 
 Several hours, according to Mayo Clinic. 
 Maybe even up to 12. 
 I know this is very difficult, and I'm sorry, but I just have to ask you this: Can you tell me how many drinks your husband consumed that day? 
 I don't count Gary's drinks. 
 Thanassis : And why is that? 
 I just... I... 
 It's not good to... 
 What... Do you think maybe more than three? 
 Rosie : He might have. 
 [Sighs] Yes, he would have. 
 So... 
 Who was supervising your child? 
 We were at a barbecue. 
 There were lots of adults. 
 We all take care of the kids. 
 Um, I think... 
 I think Richie was helping them with the ball game. 
 Richie. Ah, yes, Richie. 
 A friend of the babysitter, Your Honor. 
 But neither you nor your husband decided not to drink that day so that at least one of you could adequately supervise your child. 
 Your Honor, could the witness please be directed to answer the question? 
 Judge Leguillou : Mrs. Weschler, you're obliged to answer. 
 We hadn't talked about it. 
 It was just... It was understood. 
 What was understood? 
 Rosie : That we would both look after Hugo. 
 I mean, it was a barbecue. 
 But did you? 
 Thanassis : Did you take care of your child? 
 Mrs. Weschler, did you abandon your child when he was just an infant? 
 Objection. 
 Thanassis : Your Honor, this is very relevant. 
 It was to do with the environment... 
 Objection. 
 Thanassis : In which that child grew up. 
 You abandoned your child when he was seven months old. 
 [Gavel banging] And you drove hours away. 
 You left your child when he needed you the most! 
 [Gavel banging] 
 Judge Leguillou : Objection sustained! 
 You don't have to answer that. 
 [Gasping] 
 We're done, Your Honor. No further questions. 
 [Gasping] 
 [Soft dramatic music] 
 I have something that can fix this. 
 Permission to approach? 
 Bridget : I'd like to request a continuance, a day or two. 
 For what? 
 Bridget : To enter new evidence. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 