Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x05 - Connie - The Slap 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x05 - Connie https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=212&t=16990 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/13/15 08:14 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x05 - Connie 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Connie : Previously on The Slap... 
 We're having a barbecue later today. 
 Would you care to come see what the desperate contortions of a 40th birthday look like? 
 More than you can imagine. 
 Can I have a beer? 
 You're underage. 
 Hey, Richie, I'll give you a penny a pic if you go around and get some shots of all this. 
 Okay. I'll do it. 
 [Slapping, Hugo cries] 
 Gary : What's the matter with you, you animal? 
 Don't you hit my child! 
 Mr. Apostolou, Rosie and Gary Weshler filed a charge against you. 
 Harry : I tried to make peace. That didn't work. 
 They want to fight. They got a fight. 
 This is all preparation for a very nasty lawsuit. 
 Harry : These people are asking for it. 
 We cannot be gentle. 
 Yes, the judge said we could move forward, but what are we getting in terms of statements? 
 You could hear the slap. 
 Yeah, well, it's difficult to pursue a single incident. 
 Connie : I don't think I can work here anymore. 
 You would tell me if there was anything else, would you? 
 Yeah. 
 Connie handed in her notice yesterday. 
 Aisha : Since the party, it's like she's avoiding me all the time. 
 I wouldn't read too much into it. 
 Man : And at its current rate, the majority population of this country will no longer be white by 2043, when you guys are about 45 years old or so, in charge of the new America. 
 Now, this would be the first postindustrial country in the world where minorities will be the majority. 
 Cause for hope. 
 Or fear, depending on your color. 
 Think about power, how its numbers change. 
 Already, in what state are you seeing this in play? 
 Where are Latinos more prevalent than whites? 
 Connie. 
 Hm? 
 I'm sorry. 
 California. 
 Yes. 
 [Bell rings] 
 Be sure to read the Dave Hickey essays I gave you for discussion... 
 Pirates , all right. 
 Yo, so there's this party, okay? 
 And I really want to see you there, so I'ma text you about it tonight. 
 Okay. 
 All right? 
 Yeah, that'd be cool. 
 See you. 
 Richie : Sweet. 
 A miracle just happened. I was invited to a party. 
 Oh. 
 You mustn't go. You have a reputation to uphold. 
 Come with me, please. 
 I am venturing into alien territory with other high school students. 
 Join the club. 
 Miss Saltire, does the State realize the burden here? 
 You have to prove some damage. 
 I mean, was this a tap? 
 Was it a full-on walloping? 
 How hard did the boy get hit? 
 We believe that there are enough witnesses, one of them being a doctor. 
 There is no... Once again, Your Honor, we are asking the court to throw this out. 
 I'm just trying to figure out how this got on the docket. 
 Have you all been conferring along the way? 
 Well, Your Honor, the State believes that if we let this go, we're saying that a grown man can slap a kid. 
 And the bat was already on the ground. 
 My God, it wasn't on the ground. 
 He was swinging it around. He was dangerous. 
 That is not true. 
 He could've hurt any one of those kids. 
 Judge Leguillou : Okay, okay. 
 Is there any documentation as to the injuries sustained by young Hugo Weshler? 
 Your Honor, it's too soon. 
 He's still feeling the effects. 
 Judge Leguillou : Okay. 
 Miss Saltire, would the prosecution consider accepting some sort of compromise, pleading this down to violation? 
 It would go on his record. 
 My client would not, not under any circumstances. 
 We wish for a full exoneration. 
 Okay, enough. And you guys? 
 It is not even a consideration. 
 This man is a child beater. 
 Judge Leguillou : You're quite certain we can't avoid a trial? 
 None of the State, nor the Defendant wish to come to some sort of an arrangement? 
 There's nothing on the table? 
 Is anyone here doing their job? 
 In that case, we'll go to trial. 
 We need more evidence, better witnesses, more proof. 
 [Soft jazz music] 
 We really wish... 
 Yeah. 
 Connie : I feel like I made a mistake by being aloof from the age of, like, ten on. 
 I just always trusted adults more. 
 Too late to change now. 
 People are either farmers, hard-working, diligent members of society who play by the rules, or they're pirates who want to pillage and plunder and cause chaos and make art. 
 What are we? 
 We watch and make snide comments. 
 Speaking of which, check out Miley Cyrus over there. 
 Twerking her way through the football team. 
 No wonder we're 0 and 8. 
 [Laughs, phone chimes] 
 [Chuckles] 
 What? 
 Nothing. 
 That's not nothing. 
 It's a photo of a duck on a hard hat at a construction site. 
 No, it isn't. 
 Who sends an 18-year-old a picture of a duck on a hard hat at a construction site? 
 Let me think. 
 Oh, gee, I wonder who that friend could be. 
 What? 
 Connie, one of the perks of being a hopeless outsider dweeb is that you notice everything. 
 Come on. 
 I saw you and Hector at the barbecue. 
 He paid me to take pictures. 
 You have pictures of me? 
 Yeah, of you and of the tragedy of the tickets to Greece and of Hector's father's giant roast lamb and even of the dreaded slap. 
 Richie, you're my dearest friend. 
 So do us both a favor and delete the photos. 
 And don't judge me. 
 I get enough of that at home. 
 Hey, Frank. 
 Hey, how's it going? 
 Tony : So what are you trying to do? You still trying to protect her? 
 Yes, I'm... 
 At 18 years old? 
 Vivian : It's really none of your business... 
 Tony : Wait, how is it none of my business? 
 I live in this house. 
 Vivian : But it's between me and her. 
 Tony : Come on, please. She's not a baby. 
 Vivian : That's not... 
 Tony : These questions that she's asking... 
 Vivian : Tony, please, she's my daughter. 
 So you think that hiding things from her is the answer? 
 No, Tony, that... 
 She's not a baby. 
 Vivian : I don't want her to know right now. 
 Then... 
 I appreciate if you would... 
 Hi, guys. 
 Hi. 
 When's dinner? 
 Soon. 
 Tony : I don't take it personally, but I am the property manager, Connie. 
 I'm running three buildings here. 
 You understand? 
 Right, Vivian? Back me up here. 
 Vivian : It puts us in an embarrassing position. 
 I apologize. It was a mistake. 
 Vivian, Tony, does anyone have a sense of humor? 
 Let's leave it, Tony, all right? 
 She apologized, okay? It was a mistake. 
 Yeah, well, maybe. 
 "Yeah, well, maybe"? 
 What? 
 I'm just saying that she's a very smart girl, and I just don't see how someone leaves her bicycle practically blocking the elevator by mistake. 
 Can someone explain to me why this is such a big deal? 
 It's a big deal because I am the property manager. 
 The real estate company watches me, and I could lose my job. 
 Because I left my bike? Jeez, Tony. 
 Maybe you should get another job if it's that precarious. 
 Yeah, well, just you wait. 
 What did I say? 
 What did he say? 
 He said that you do these things to test us, to test him. 
 Okay, does anyone think that this is getting a little bit out of hand? 
 I left my bike. I was late. I'm sorry. 
 The other tenants see you getting away with something like this, and they figure, "Oh, hey, what the hell? 
 The manager's daughter can leave a bike..." 
 Stepdaughter. 
 I get it. 
 You're worried that my bike blocking the entryway will start some sort of building-wide protest, a wave of civil disobedience, an "Occupy the Edgerton Arms" movement, where hundreds of strollers, grocery carts, and bikes will block every entryway until the owners, whoever the hell they are, figure out that they're charging people thousands of dollars to live in a place where no one should have to live. 
 Well, if it's so terrible, you're welcome to leave anytime. 
 I'm trying. 
 I don't know where she got that mouth from, Vivian. 
 I know it wasn't you. 
 Yeah, that doesn't leave a lot of options then, does it? 
 It must be the dead real dad. 
 Male narrator : Connie had never been given enough information to understand why exactly her mother had taken her in the middle of the night from their Lower East Side apartment on an icy winter's day 12 years prior, never to see her father again. 
 The mythology of his life of drugs, near fame, notoriety, and fornication, of dance music and DJ'ing under the influence had been promulgated relentlessly. 
 And the more it was, the more she yearned for him, because   would understand her. He would tell her to go for it, to go after Hector with all she had. Richie : These are not coming out. It's like they're built into the pan. All right, let me try. Hugo : Come on, guys. We're never gonna have cupcakes at this rate. Well, well, well. Hi. Who's supposed to be fast asleep by now? Who? Mm-mm. I am so sorry. This was my idea. Cupcakes. Shut up. It was actually my idea. Well, whoever thought of it, they don't look very good. I mean, look, this is, like, spackled in there. It's the recipe. Okay, this is humiliating. We made a mess. Yeah, we're gonna clean this up. Screw that. I want cupcakes, damn it. I'm eating coal. Gary. How was the theater? It was awful. It was great. Okay, stop it. Since when did you stop liking art? Gary : That wasn't art. It was an emaciated, bulimic dancer sitting in a chair for two hours and occasionally having what looked like seizures. It was like painting, only worse, 'cause there's nothing to sell when you were done. I'm gonna get the frosting out of Hugo's hair... No! And get him to bed. No, wait. [Groans] I need something to drown out this entire day. Oh, the concert couldn't have been that bad. Oh, yes, it could have. That was just the icing on the cake. You'll never believe what Harry Apostolou's lawyer tried to argue today. He said that he slapped my kid in some act of self-defense like Hugo was wielding an Uzi or something. What? Are they kidding? Oh, no, you can't make this stuff up. Listen, I know that the great God Hugo controls us all in every aspect of our existence, but I don't think I've ever had to fight him for survival. Kafka couldn't have written this. Wow. And here's the rub, there's no proof that Hugo wasn't holding the bat when Harry slapped him, so he gets to just... Ah, whatever. [Chuckles] And, you know what, you don't need to hear this right now. Right? The answer to all problems:  The Bride of Frankenstein . AKA, our wedding video. What is that? You've never seen  The Bride of Frankenstein ? Are you kidding me? No. And you consider yourselves educated, intelligent young people? This will erase all the awfulness and horror of real life from your minds. Thank God. [Screams] [Laughter] Man : Stand back, stand back. Oh, I'm totally having that hairstyle. [Laughter] Me too... For the trial. [Laughter] Oh. Hey, did you sell these? Gary : Yeah, right. No. I'm part of this group show. Yeah, there's some big shots and some small-fry and then, well, me. Wow. That's great. Yeah, you guys should come to the opening tomorrow. Have some wine and cheese, see some very angular people dressed in black making ridiculous pronouncements about the end of irony or something. That sounds really fun. Gary : Yeah, the whole gang's coming. Hector and Aisha? Gary : Mm-hmm. Should really invite Harry. I mean, he loves contemporary art, and maybe he could explain my painting to me. That sounds cool. But, remember, we've got that party. Richie : Remember? But we'll be there in spirit. Isn't that what they say? Gary : Wait. I forgot to pay you. Wait. What was that about? That was me saving you from yourself. Thanks, Richie, but I don't need saving. Boy, what it must be like to be you. What's that supposed to mean? Nothing, my princess. You are loved by and forgiven for all. How long did you guys babysit for? Tony : Connie. Hi, guys. Hey. Connie. It's 1:00 in the morning. Tony, please can we not? Have you been drinking? Yeah, yeah. There was some wine. We watched a movie. We watched  Bride of Frankenstein . But you... Your phone was off. We were expecting you by 9:30, 10:00. What's going on with you guys? We were having fun. Vivian : I don't think this is funny. Are you drunk? Are you insane? You don't think I drink wine? And are you doing drugs with these people? Oh, my God. It's a reasonable question. Really? These are people with real trouble. What do you mean? There was a policeman here. He said that you witnessed a child being slapped. What is it? You never said anything about this. You can't work for people like this. Please, please don't. Why are you doing this? Because I don't want to see my family destroyed by secrets. Vivian : Connie, never again. [Knocking] Why did you hate him so much? Because we were so happy, and because that wasn't enough. And I look at you, and I know nothing. Nothing is enough for you either. And that's what killed him. [Sighs] Oh. I don't know if I even like this anymore. It's just, like, so black, little. It's a little black dress. I thought you people loved... What do you mean, "you people"? You know. Women. [Scoffs] [Phone ringing] Look, let's just get this nightmare over with... Hello? I tell you, we spend ten minutes at the gallery... Uh, now? We say incredibly complimentary things to Gary... Okay, no, I get it. Of course. The least hip place in Brooklyn. I'll be in in a second. [Sighs] I've got to go back in. There's a kid who needs stitches. What? I know, love. I'm so sorry. But they're understaffed, and I have to step in. That's it. No, it's okay. Thank God. That means I can stay home and watch, like, one of those  Housewives of ... I don't know...  Hades  shows with my mom. She'll be here in, like, ten minutes. And I can get out of this suit. Well, you can take the tie off, which you should, by the way, but you're still going. Are you serious? Of course. No. It's Rosie and Gary, love. You've got to represent us. Represent us? What am I, the U.N.? Look, with everything that's been going on, you know, especially now... Hector : This has nothing to do with what's been going on. One of us has to be there. Please don't get into that again. I won't if you'll just admit that there's this, like, weird tyranny of neediness. [Sighs] Yes. I do. I do. I admit it. But, regardless, love, you've got to be there. Because like it or not, we are the grown-ups in this. That is the most depressing thing I've ever heard. [Sighs] I understand with the kids. But... But thank you for admitting that. So can we not argue about it? Because there is a kid bleeding all over exam room one. As ever it was thus. [Phone ringing] Hey. Yo, am I picking you up? No. I'll meet you there. I knew it. What? You're going to Gary's show, aren't you? Gee, Ma, I promise to be home by curfew. Sometimes being funny is just another way of lying. That is so not fun pre-party talk. And didn't we have a deal? What? Not to judge each other. Besides, if we can't be a little naughty now, when can we be? I'll come find you. 
 
 What can I get you? There you go. Is everyone dressed in black tonight? Hopelessly Outer Borough. I don't know about that. Manhattan's the new Outer Borough. Ooh. [Sighs] How are you? I'm amazing. Really? Yeah, it's like some sort of veil has been lifted, and I'm free. Well, you should go see your doctor immediately. Something must be terribly wrong. [Chuckles] I'm not kidding. You're not? Mm. Pretty intense. Yeah, a lot power. It's very focused. It's actually pretty good, huh? I was hoping I would be alone with you tonight. She was supposed to come. I guess more and more people are skipping Brooklyn. Mm-hmm. Lucky me. No. Can we stop behaving like girls for a second? Yeah. [Chuckles] It gives me hope. What? This is the best, the best part of Gary up here. Like, you can be flawed and still do this. And all these people can come to feel something that you made, maybe not for them, maybe for yourself, and then had to share. Can we not be in here? Do you have a smoke? [Sighs] Oh, boy. Yeah. Do you still have your slightly sad, world-weary look on your face? Maybe it's the world that's sad. I've been thinking. I've been really thinking about what we have. What do we have, Connie? We do have something, okay? The book that you gave me about what a beautiful city can be and all the times that you drove me home from babysitting, you kept looking at me and talking, and there was something there. I'm so, so sorry. Connie, I didn't mean to... Please don't say, "I'm so sorry" to me like that. You kissed me. Okay? All the things that you've said about how I made you feel alive, about... How you loved to listen to me, and when we kiss, what that means... You kissed me. Yes, I did. Okay, so then they were lies. No, they were... They were mistakes. Look, I don't know how to say how sorry I am for all my craziness. You were crazy to like me. Hey, hey, I have two kids that I desperately love at home waiting for me. I'm really sorry, but you don't love me. And I don't love you. I thought you were different. No. I don't think I am. I think you should go now. We can't do this anymore. No more babysitting, nothing. Connie... Please don't. Now I know how my mother felt about my father. Oh, God. Where am I? Woman : Yeah, let's get out of here. [Upbeat music] You're welcome, Connie. Any time. Chill with me a sec. Come on, girl. In your dreams. Hey, Leon. You look hot. What's going on? Oh, my God, you never come to these things. Wait, are we suddenly cool enough for you? Oh, I'm just making up for lost time. So if I asked you to have a conversation with me, would that be wrong? Leon, this is a conversation, just a short one. Where's Richie? Who cares? Here. Some forlorn Vicodin. Someone's studying for AP English. So what's with Richie? Is he your boyfriend? Why? Do you like him? [Laughs] No. I like you. That would be such a mistake. [Dance music] Man : Hey. Richie. Hi, hey. I should have known you'd be in the corner brooding. You look cute. Oh, then I failed. Mm. [Laughs] You came to the party. I didn't think you were. You... You look cute. [Giggles] Well, everyone looks cute. It's just the capital of cute around here. I need a drink. What's that in your hand? What? Oh, it's pink. It's just pretty. Well, watch that stuff. It's very sweet. There's a lot of booze in there. Don't be patronizing. Just be nice. Slow down. What? I don't know. Are you okay? No, no. Can we please go somewhere? Can we talk? Yeah. I need to talk to you. What is it? What happened? Nothing. Absolutely nothing. Connie. Dude. Come on, let's be real. Yeah. Whoa. Stop. Maybe we should just kiss, and everything will suddenly be better. Stop it. What? I think I should get you home. Maybe we're what we both need. And we just didn't know it. We should be pirates, not farmers or watchers or judges. Connie. You don't even know who I am. Yes, I do. You're my best friend. And you've been a virgin for far too long. Stop it. Stop it. Stop it. [Sighing] Connie. He lied to me. You lied to yourself. What? [Crying] Hey, you gonna be okay? Yeah. Yeah? [Knocking] Come in. Tough night? Uh, Connie, listen, there's all sorts of stuff between you and your mom that I don't pretend to understand, and I'm probably gonna get into trouble for this, but I thought you should have this. [Phone ringing] Hi. Richie. Can you steal your mom's car? What... Are you okay? Yeah. Can you? Well, I have swim practice today. Please, Richie. I'm sorry about last night. Me too. Stand by. I'll be right there. Hey. Hey. So where are we going? Hm. So you don't even know who this Malcolm person really is. No. No, I don't. And I think he was in my dad's band or something. But he said that he has things of his, things that I should have. So what's the deal here? Your mom hated your dad. Why? Because he was bi? The list is too long. Sounds strangely romantic. Is this is a mistake? Richie : No. Well, you look like half of him, the good half. Malcolm. I'm... I know who you are. We met once or twice. I'm sorry. I don't remember. I do. This is my friend Richie Journeau. Welcome. Hi. I have to be out of here by the end of the day. There's a truck coming along to take me and my memories off into sunnier climes. Come on in. There's coffee. [Wind chimes tinkling] [Malcolm shivers] This is my shrine, and it's closing. Two coffees, yes? Yeah. Okay. Malcolm : Oh, this is his novel, which, of course, he refused to publish. But I think it's pretty damn good. Maybe someday... All this was his? Yeah, more than I can hold onto. Oh, hey, those are the masters, his last recordings. It was a studio in the East Village. And your dad would make us sleep on the floor, said we had to live in the music. Idiot. Oh, yeah, that's... He was working on a kids' book. Those are the drawings. There's a very ironic goat named Mal. [Connie chuckles] Why? Why do you have all of this? Because we were very, very good friends. Besides, who else was gonna take care of him? But things change. Look, I'm... I'm not all that well. I'm moving to my sister's in California, so it is your turn now. [Sighs] He didn't want to share any of this with me. Oh, no. He wanted to, but... your mom... Well, she had other ideas. She treats him like he's the plague. I don't get it. She fell in love with him. Why couldn't she accept him for who he was? Which was? I don't know... Bisexual... A self-obsessed artist, a druggie wild man. This much is true. So he left us for all of that. Would that things were that simple. Uh, Connie... [Sighs] He didn't leave your mother for all that. Actually, I was the one he left. Malcolm : You're surprised? Your father loved many things. But most of all, he loved beauty... in a song, a painting, a man, a woman, and your mother was so beautiful. Now, I had learned to accept this as part of the package, the occasional night he never came home, but this was different. How? You. You made it different. When he found out Vivian was pregnant, he made a decision. He was gonna become a husband, a father. But like so many promises he made, he couldn't keep it. He broke her heart as he had broken mine. But in the end, as he was known to say, "All we have is the truth." He came back, and we traded Coke for herbal tea. Look, if you're searching for a villain, it's not your mom or me or him. Listen, it's time, just time. He ran out of it too soon, okay? Time is the only villain here. Richie, can you get some of the stuff and bring it to the car? Yeah. Did he ever talk about me? He was planning on getting you up here for your seventh birthday, if your mom would let you. He painted... We painted the upstairs bedroom a very milky pink for you. There's our plans. There's God's plans. You know. [Sighs] Two weeks later, he was gone. Of course, he talked about you, even in his sleep. Hey. I think this was written for you. Connie : Thank you. Connie : Thank you. ["Dark Side of the Moon" by Chris Staples playing] ♪ I want to tell you a story ♪ 
♪ The only way that I can ♪ 
♪ I'm just replacing a man that came ♪ 
♪ Before me ♪ 
♪ And one day the world is gonna see ♪ [Engine turns over] ♪ Replacing me ♪ 
♪ That's just the way it's got to be ♪ 
♪ It's always been that way ♪ 
♪ In my daughter's eyes ♪ Oh, you went up there, to Malcolm. I had to. ♪ Dark side ♪ [Sighs] Please don't be mad. ♪ I wanna love you ♪ How could I be? The day he recorded this, he was looking at you in your crib. I was there? I was just a little older than you are now. And he sang to you, and you laughed. ♪ I want to love you ♪ And he kept having to do new takes, because every time he looked at you, you'd laugh. ♪ I want to know you ♪ 
♪ Oh, we have the time ♪ I have to keep all of this, Mom. ♪ We've got to leave the line ♪ 
♪ On the dark side of the moon ♪ 
♪ On the dark side ♪ [Knocking] ♪ Of the moon ♪ Come in. Rosie. Do you always keep the door unlocked? The boys are out, and Gary forgot his keys. I just brought you these cupcakes from this place upstate. I wanted to make up for the mess that we made in your kitchen. Thanks, baby. Is everything okay? The court says Harry and his lawyers have the right for a psychological exam of Hugo. Someone will talk to him, and the judge says we have to. They want to say that there's something wrong with him, that he was trying to hurt Rocco with the bat, and that's why... That's why Harry hit him, like he's some kind of monster. You know that's not true. Do you want me to stay here with you? Okay. I just wanted you to have those. Am I a bad mother, Connie? All I'm trying to do is protect my child. Why is that so wrong? No, it's not. [Sighs] Rosie, I have to tell you something. [Sighs] You remember that Richie was taking pictures at the barbecue? Yes. He has pictures of everything. He says that he has pictures of Hugo being slapped. I think it shows everything, things that some people would be ashamed of, but I guess that doesn't matter because it shows the truth. Oh, God. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 