Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 08x02 - The Cage - Foyle's War 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 08x02 - The Cage https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=124&t=15929 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/30/13 19:00 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 08x02 - The Cage 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Kensington 3487? 
 Yes. 
 Who was it, darling? 
 Evelyn? 
 Doctor Ross! 
 Doctor Ross! 
 Doctor Ross? 
 What is it? 
 I can't stop the bleeding. 
 He needs a transfusion. 
 Get him onto the ward. 
 Was he with anyone? 
 I don't know. 
 What? 
 Ten-eye. Ten... 
 Ten-eye. 
 Ten-eye? 
 Ten-eye. 
 Fetch a trolley. 
 Bring the blood. 
 He's gone. 
 'Miss Pierce, Sir Alec will see you now.' 
 Thank you, Louise. 
 For you at reception. 
 Yes, they should be ready in about an hour. 
 Thank you for holding the fort, Miss Pierce. All things considered, it could be a lot worse. 
 Thank you, Sir Alec. 
 Pity about Chambers, but there we are. Onward and upward. 
 Onward and upward. 
 Now, this puzzled me - 'Mr Foyle.' 
 Sir William brought him in. 
 Reliable? 
 Absolutely. Unusual background for intelligence - police. 
 He's an outsider admittedly, but that might be his strength. 
 With these defectors, a bit of detective work might be just the thing. Where is he now? 
 Helping out with recruitment. 
 A waste of his talent. Bring him in. 
 Thank you, Charlotte. 
 Yes. 
 Come in. 
 Thank you. 
 Daniel Willis? 
 That's right. 
 How do you do? 
 Sit down. 
 I see you were in Special Operations Executive during the war. 
 I was, sir. Yes. 
 You should be very proud. 
 I'm not sure everyone in the service would agree with you! 
 I heard you lot thought we were amateurs, disrupting your finely tuned operations by running around, blowing up bridges! 
 Which is why I'm here, of course. 
 I feel invisible sabotage is preferable. 
 Every time we destroyed something, the SS would kill hundreds of innocent civilians. 
 That wasn't easy to live with. 
 But you managed? 
 I did. 
 Not that I don't think about it. 
 But they had to be beaten, didn't they? 
 And now you feel you'd like to do work that's a little more cerebral? 
 Your job here would be to find people who have information we need and persuade them to give it to you... by more subtle means than the SOE would have used. 
 Building bridges rather than blowing them up, so to speak. 
 Indeed. 
 The powers that be want us to absorb the rump of the SOE. 
 But I just don't think they're suitable. 
 I understand we're looking for people who are astute with an ability to see the other person's point of view. 
 He seems to fit the bill. 
 I'm sorry, can't agree. 
 Not for me, I'm afraid. 
 That's right, same size, different name... 
 Mr Foyle? 
 Yes? 
 Sir Alec would like a word with you. 
 Sorry, by Friday, yes. Thank you. 
 In the last few days, three high-ranking Russian defectors - our responsibility and in our safe houses - have been found murdered. 
 As you can see each one has been garrotted in exactly the same manner, typical of an NKVD operation. 
 I've ordered a sweep of the refugee centres. 
 Any Russian we find will be questioned. 
 But more importantly, how exactly did they find those safe houses? 
 If we have another security breach, I need to know. 
 Wouldn't Valentine be more suited to this? 
 Valentine was in charge of the safe houses. 
 It needs to be someone who wasn't involved. 
 I'm starting to get the impression that I've inherited an organisation that is somewhat complacent. 
 I'd be grateful, Mr Foyle, if you'd prove me wrong. 
 Here we are. You can bring in a potted plant if you want, but no family snaps. 
 They're discouraged. Right. 
 And you can draw your Royal from the stationary store. Royal? 
 Royal Arrow. Typewriter. 
 You'll need it. 
 Letters, reports, it never stops. 
 You did do the induction course, didn't you? 
 This is your desk. 
 As Mr Foyle's assistant you'll work in this section. 
 What's your WPM? 
 Er, twenty. 
 I'm sure you'll speed up with practice. Driving license? 
 Oh, yes. 
 Miss Brown, when you have a moment? 
 Certainly, Mr Valentine. 
 I'd watch out for him. 
 He hates joiners. 
 Joiners? 
 Well, that's you, I'm afraid. 
 It's what we call anyone who's new. 
 But he'll soon get used to you. 
 I've been here three years now, and he's almost friendly! 
 How you getting on? 
 So far, so good. 
 Right, your first job, you'll like this - three Russian defectors, all of them murdered. 
 I want the files on anyone who had contact with them and anything related. 
 As quick as you like. 
 If you're in trouble, ask Charlotte. 
 If we start down that end. 
 Morning. Morning. 
 And we work our way around. 
 Right, now remember - don't let them get the upper hand. 
 Make your point clearly and don't get involved in an argument about something you know bugger all about! Alright? 
 Come on. 
 I'm your Labour party candidate in the forthcoming by-election. 
 I wanted to talk to you a bit about our new National Health Act. 
 Never mind, come on. 
 Lord Beaverbrook says, 'The English will only vote for a man who wears a hat.' Have mine. 
 Good morning, I'm your Labour candidate in the - 
 This next house is full of people who still haven't been re-housed. 
 Great, they'll be thrilled to see us! 
 I got one or two down as a possible vote. 
 This one? 
 Kids, time to come in! 
 I'm standing as your Labour candidate in the forthcoming by-election. 
 I was wondering if I could have a moment? 
 I'm sorry, dear. I don't mean to be rude, but it's not a good time. 
 I'm sorry. Is there anything I can do to help? 
 No, I don't think so. 
 Go and wash your hands! 
 Are you sure? 
 Well, perhaps you can ask the police why nobody is looking for my daughter. 
 She's missing. Hasn't been home for the last three days. 
 Could she be staying with friends? 
 No, it's not like her. 
 She hasn't turned up for work. 
 They say she has to be gone a bit longer before they'll declare her a missing person. 
 But she could be lying in a ditch for all I know. 
 They just don't care about people like us. 
 Well, we'll certainly make some enquiries for you, won't we Glenvil? 
 Uh... 
 What's your daughter's name? 
 Evelyn, Evelyn Green. 
 Why'd you say that? 
 It's a matter for the police, Adam. 
 It's nothing to do with us. 
 Let's try this one. 
 Ooh, sorry! 
 Sorry. 
 Yes? 
 Well done. 
 I think that's everything. 
 And I've included a police report that came in last night. A suicide. 
 Unidentified, apparently Russian. 
 I'm not sure if that's relevant or not. Thank you. 
 Anything else? 
 No. 
 No identification card? 
 No. 
 No ration book? 
 Nothing. 
 His wrists were slashed, which would indicate suicide... but he has two broken fingers, a nasty bump on the head, severe bruising to his ribs and a deep gash on his arm. 
 So, he'd obviously been in a struggle of some kind. 
 In your statement in the police report, you say you thought he'd been followed? 
 I thought I glimpsed someone, in uniform. 
 And you think he's Russian? 
 Could be Russian. He was rambling. 
 The only word I could make out was 'Ten eye'. 
 He kept saying 'Ten eye'. 
 Ten eye? I wouldn't be surprised if he had killed himself. 
 The Russians have been through hell. 
 What's this, do you think? 
 Looks like a tattoo that's been removed. 
 What would make somebody do that, I wonder? 
 Russian Gestapo? 
 This dead man, the Russian you've found and our three defectors. 
 Are they connected? 
 Well yes, it's possible. 
 He could have killed them - but how did he find them? 
 This has just come through from the Foreign Office. 
 A translator in their Russian department, one Evelyn Green, hasn't turned up for work in the last two days and her husband has no idea where she is. 
 She liaised with the defectors so she knew the addresses of the safe houses. 
 Bit of a coincidence her disappearing, don't you think? 
 Look into it for me, would you? 
 Hm. 
 New shoes? D'you like them? 
 They're all the rage. 
 They're calling it 'The Coupon Buster'. Oh really? Why? 
 Instead of five coupons for one shoe, you get three shoes! 
 Look. 
 High heels transformed into a sensible day shoe... then with a small bow on the front, and the heels back off... 
 A dress shoe. 
 Do you know what the NKVD is? 
 Russian Gestapo, sir. 
 Correct. They have an emblem, insignia. 
 See if you can get a picture of it. 
 Brown book, top shelf. 
 Your Russian's pretty good, isn't it? 
 Very good, sir. 
 Is 'Ten eye' a Russian word or phrase? 
 Not something I've heard. 
 How are we spelling it? 
 Well, T-E-N-I? E-Y-E maybe? 
 It isn't any word I've heard. 
 Where did you hear it? 
 The last word of a dying man. 
 Here. 
 Who was he? 
 Don't know. 
 Ten eye? Maybe it isn't Russian? 
 Maybe it was "antenna" or "Anthony" or "deny"? 
 What makes you think he was Russian? 
 Well he... It appears he was a member of the NKVD. 
 Everybody, back to work. 
 Thank you. 
 I'll keep working on it, sir. 
 We were about to have dinner. 
 Everything seemed normal. 
 I was sitting here, reading the paper. And then the telephone rang. 
 Evelyn answered it, all I heard her say was 'yes'. 
 Then, I heard her go upstairs and down again a moment later, into the hall. 
 I called out, but she didn't answer. 
 So after a moment I followed her out into the hall to see what was happening. 
 And she'd gone. The front door was open and she'd simply disappeared. 
 Um, what sort of time was this? 
 About 6:30. 
 Is that her? 
 Yes, our honeymoon. 
 I called her sister. 
 Her parents are dead so that's the first place she'd have gone. 
 But she hadn't heard a word. 
 I saw on her file that she was a Communist sympathiser at Cambridge. 
 Is that right? 
 She's renounced all that stuff years ago. 
 I know she's suspected of something. 
 Otherwise you wouldn't be here. 
 But I can assure you that my wife loathed Communism. 
 So you can't think of any reason, why she'd have left? 
 I've thought for some time... there might be another man. 
 She'd become more and more distant. 
 Look, I can't say for certain, but you sense these things, don't you? 
 Even if you don't want to believe it. 
 She said he didn't even come home! 
 Nobody said it was going to be easy. 
 Trouble is they're blaming Labour for all the shortages. 
 Life's getting harder. 
 That's the truth. 
 We need some sugar to help the medicine go down. 
 You need to er, appeal to their better nature, Adam, the sense of community. 
 You know, tell them the war may be over, but we're still all in it together. 
 I don't think you should hark back to the war. 
 You'll only remind them of Churchill. 
 Sam's right. 
 I should talk about the future. 
 People don't want things to go back to the way they were, I know they don't. If people realise what a national health service means for them and their families, I don't think they'll be slamming doors on us. I really don't. 
 Excuse me, what are you doing? 
 Sorry ma'am. Orders. 
 Wait! 
 We've got to take him. 
 Please! 
 They just barged in, took him away. 
 The police? 
 No, not the police. Two soldiers. 
 Where were they from? 
 I'll see you bright and early? 
 You will indeed. 
 Have a good night's sleep. 
 I'm afraid it's leftover stew. 
 I blame the Government! 
 While I was canvassing in Wilberforce Road, I met a woman called Mrs Green. 
 There were two families living in the front room of her bombed-out house. 
 And to top it all off, this poor woman's daughter has gone missing and no one is doing anything about it. 
 And if I could get elected I just feel I could make a difference to these people's lives. 
 I know you could. And you will. 
 Do you think you could come along to campaign? 
 A married couple together. 
 Perhaps they'd react differently. 
 Of course. 
 I'll see if I can get the morning off. 
 Foyle. 
 It's Dr Ross. 
 I was hoping you'd still be there. 
 You told me to call if there was anything else I thought you should know. 
 We've had a case of body snatching. 
 'Our Russian friend.' 
 When was this? 
 'This evening. 
 The military collected his remains.' 
 There's one other thing. 
 It might not be important, but erm, could I show you something in the morning? Not at the hospital. 
 Where do you suggest? 
 Mrs Ross? 
 Yes. 
 Erm... 
 So he didn't mention I was coming? 
 No. He didn't. 
 He has been working all night. 
 He gets carried away and before he realises, it is time for breakfast. 
 I'll get him. 
 Ian. There's someone here to see you! 
 Just go down, it's the second door on the right. 
 Hello? 
 'Er, hello? Yes.' 
 'Would you mind very much if we called you back later?' 
 Hello? 
 Darling, it's the hospital on the telephone for you. 
 Ian? 
 Ian? 
 Mrs Ross? 
 Never seen anything like this before. 
 It appears he wrapped this Colt revolver in a towel to muffle the sound - wife didn't hear a thing. 
 Wouldn't you say? 
 Well, I'd say it's perhaps better to resist jumping to conclusions, and avoid contaminating what could be the scene of a crime. 
 Well, from where I'm standing, Mr Foyle, it seems as clear as crystal. 
 Suicide. 
 They tell me it's as common as a forged ration book these days. 
 Were you aware your husband owned a revolver? 
 No. He abhorred violence. 
 How long have you two been together exactly? 
 We were married in Germany just as Hitler came to power, but were forced to separate under their compulsory divorce law. 
 So you're not Mrs Ross? 
 We were getting re-married next week. 
 Do I understand this correctly? 
 You're not currently married to the deceased - but engaged? 
 Yes. 
 And er, what do you do, exactly? 
 I am also a doctor. 
 Or I was, before my license was revoked. 
 On what ground? 
 On the grounds of being Jewish. 
 And er, how long was Doctor Ross down in the basement? 
 All night. 
 Had you argued? 
 No! No, he often worked late. 
 Are you sure? 
 It's not uncommon for people to have a change of heart. 
 Is it possible your husband may have felt trapped into marrying you and this was his way out - 
 I fought to stay alive, so I could be with him. 
 I fought with every fibre of my being. 
 He wouldn't do this. 
 He wouldn't do this to me! 
 I think that'll do for the moment, don't you? 
 I don't think it's suicide. 
 Why exactly? 
 Well, he was about to get married. 
 He called me last night to arrange a meeting this morning, he was very eager that it should take place. 
 The gun was found in his right hand, Dr Ross was left-handed. 
 At the very least, it's suspicious. 
 What we want to know, Mr Wainwright, is when will this rationing finally stop? 
 We seem to have won the war but lost the peace. 
 Oh, I agree. Since the US stopped lend lease we've been struggling. 
 But we plan to invest in the country, build new houses, create jobs. I really believe we've got a bright future. 
 But what about today, the here and now? 
 Our butcher is sleeping in his shop with a loaded shotgun - he's that afraid of thieves. 
 Well, at least if he shoots one we'll finally get some smoked ham! 
 Thank you very much, ladies. 
 Sam really is an asset. 
 Get her out on the campaign trail as much as possible. 
 Do you think we could get a picture of the candidate's wife with the new government bread ration? Oh! Erm, of course. 
 I'll just go and get Sam. 
 Thank you. 
 What was that about? 
 I don't know! 
 Bread, apparently! 
 That's the woman I told you about, Mrs Green. 
 Her daughter went missing. Oh yes. 
 By the looks of her, she still is. 
 I said I'd help her - 
 I just haven't had the time. 
 Poor woman. 
 Do me a favour. 
 Give this to Mr Valentine for me? 
 Evelyn Green? 
 She's in Berlin, in the Russian zone? 
 That's not possible, I can't believe it! 
 No, not here... 
 Yes? 
 Well, I'll look. 
 Yes? Is there something else? 
 No, sir. 
 No, not you, there's somebody else. 
 Now, what's your source? Berlin? 
 It's just... 
 It's Valentine here. 
 The girl we passed onto you, you're going to have to let her go. 
 Well then, my advice would be to find some other solution. 
 This is not good enough! 
 I need to know how this woman got all the way to Berlin and into the Russian Zone, for heaven's sake! 
 I don't know, sir. 
 Though with respect, I'd say it was down to the Foreign Office. 
 Meaning? 
 Evelyn Green worked for them. 
 If she was passing information, they should have spotted it. 
 Well, she wasn't adequately vetted - and that is down to us. 
 At least we know who compromised the safe houses. 
 And is that all we know, Valentine? 
 Are you keeping anything from me? 
 Absolutely not! 
 We're questioning everyone in her department to see if they know anything. 
 If there are any more rotten apples, we'll find them. 
 And this time, maybe, BEFORE it's too late. 
 Oh, just a moment, Miss Brown? 
 Can you keep me informed as to what Foyle's up to? 
 Mr Foyle? 
 He's not one of us yet. 
 He's still learning the ropes. 
 That's all. 
 I understand. 
 Hello. 
 To what do I owe the honour of lunch with my beautiful wife? 
 Well, I saw something at work today that might interest you. 
 As long as it's not top secret! 
 Actually, it was. I saw a file on a girl named Evelyn Green. 
 Wasn't that the name of the girl who went missing? 
 An MI5 file. 
 If this document was secret, should you even be telling me about it? 
 No, I shouldn't. Absolutely not. 
 But I had to tell you. 
 What are you going to do about it? 
 I think we should speak to Mr Foyle. 
 Dr Ross was such a kind man. 
 You know what? I can't get over what happened to him. 
 He seemed perfectly fine. 
 You'd think after all the suffering I've seen, I'd get used to it. 
 He and I had arranged a meeting this morning. 
 He was keen to talk to me about something. 
 Any idea what that might have been? 
 No. 
 I didn't see him after he was called out. 
 There'd been a car accident near Barton Hall. 
 He had to treat someone over there. 
 Barton Hall? 
 It's a few miles south of here. 
 It was an army camp during the war. 
 What is it now? 
 I'm not sure. 
 Sorry. This is Government property. 
 I'll have to ask you to turn back. 
 Would it be possible to speak to whomever is in charge? 
 It would not, sir. 
 I'm with, erm... 
 I can see, sir, but it's still not possible, not without the proper clearance. I see. 
 Could please turn around and go back? I understand, thank you. 
 MI5. Tin Eye will need to know about this. 
 Morning. 
 Morning. 
 Darling, after the election, when things quieten down a bit, I thought I might do a foreign language course at the Berlitz school. 
 Well, it certainly looks like things will quieten down. For us at least. 
 'Labour candidate's wife joins Conservative Campaign.' 
 What's this? 
 They're complaining that the loaves the Government are issuing are getting smaller - which they are. 
 Oh, Adam! I'm so sorry. 
 I had no idea people could be so devious. 
 Politics, Sam. 
 You better get used to it. 
 Don't worry. I'm sure we'll develop thicker skins. 
 If you hear any news about Mrs Green's daughter, will you let me know? 
 You've got me worried now too. 
 Come in. I'm just getting ready. 
 Have you heard anything about the girl from Wilberforce Road? 
 The one who's missing? 
 I haven't, no. 
 We could pop over there later, see how the mother is? 
 Why? She's not even going to vote Labour. 
 It's not her vote I'm interested in, Glenvil. It's her. 
 I think you need to concentrate on this campaign. 
 Cos boy, you've got your work cut out now. I've seen it. 
 Yeah? She was stitched right up. 
 But not to worry, I've got a few tricks up my sleeve. 
 It turns out our Tory candidate was a war profiteer. 
 Sat it out and made a fortune in condensed milk. 
 He's been trying to keep that quiet. 
 I'll have a word in the shell-like of a local reporter. 
 That should lose him a few votes. 
 I didn't get into politics to play games, Glenvil. 
 I want to create a society that looks after those who can't look after themselves. 
 But if you don't win, it'll be their policies and not ours. 
 If winning means changing my principles, then I'd rather lose. 
 We do this fair and square or we don't do it at all. 
 It would help to have access to the place. 
 Miss Pierce? 
 That won't be easy. 
 Why ever not? What exactly is the function of Barton Hall? 
 They eavesdrop on Soviet radio traffic, extract call signs, frequencies, pass on messages to the Americans. 
 They like to keep themselves to themselves. 
 A little inter-departmental cooperation might be sensible in the circumstances? 
 What are you hoping to find? 
 It's not impossible there's a link between the place and the dead Russian. 
 Is it necessary? 
 We know Evelyn Green is our leak. 
 She may well be the leak. But how did she know when to disappear? 
 Three dead defectors in her care. 
 She knew it was only a matter of time before we found her! 
 Well, her timing was perfect. 
 A lucky guess, or was she told? 
 I'm sorry for the mess. 
 It's a bit crowded in here. 
 We're still waiting for the compensation. 
 I plan to do something about that if I'm elected. 
 It's nice of you to come by, but I want you to know, I'm not political. 
 My Alfred was the Labour man. 
 I can't remember the last time I voted for anything. 
 I'm not here for your vote. 
 I just wanted to see how you were. 
 But even if you don't vote for me, you should still vote. 
 It's what we fought for. 
 I lost Alfred at the end of the war. 
 He was on a minesweeper when it was sunk by a U-boat. 
 Two days in the water before they picked him up. 
 He caught pneumonia. Died on VE day. 
 I don't know what I'll do if I've lost Evelyn as well. 
 There's just no reason to go on, is there? 
 Please, don't think like that. 
 There's always a reason. 
 Have you heard from the police? 
 No, not a word. 
 Well, I'm going to speak to them myself about this. 
 I'm sure they'll find her. 
 Something awful's happened to her. 
 I can feel it. 
 Very nice. Thank you. 
 There was something we wanted to talk to you about. What's that? 
 Well... 
 One of Adam's constituents has a daughter who has been missing for some time. 
 The woman is distraught because she has no idea what's happened to her and the police don't appear to be doing anything about it. 
 We thought you might be able to help. 
 What makes you think that? 
 Yesterday, at the office, I accidentally came across a file on the missing woman. 
 We thought it might be a clue as how to find her. 
 What does, "accidentally" mean? 
 Mr Valentine requested the file - I took a look inside. 
 Well, information on file within the service is not for public discussion. 
 I'm not at liberty to talk about it, neither are you. They're the rules. 
 So what else did you find out? 
 That she works at the Foreign Office. 
 What's her name? 
 Green. Evelyn Green. 
 This is my fault, sir. 
 Mr Foyle's right. This isn't something we should get involved in. 
 She's going to be one of your constituents. 
 Nobody seems to care that she's disappeared into thin air! I do. 
 Leave it with me. 
 Don't open files unless asked. 
 You could get yourself into trouble. 
 I didn't intend to. I felt compelled when I saw the name. 
 And I also overheard Mr Valentine ask Charlotte to let him know how your investigation's going? 
 Why he can't just ask you himself? 
 Oh? I see. 
 
 
 
 Mr Foyle, McDonald. 
 Major James McDonald. How do you do? 
 This is Lieutenant Colonel Galt. 
 He's in charge of the station. 
 How do you do? 
 Shall we get on? 
 You must have friends in very high places, Mr Foyle, to be allowed a guided tour like this. 
 Well, your time is very much appreciated, thank you. 
 Now, as I am sure you know, our job is to collect radio traffic which is then encrypted and sent on to be analysed. 
 That's our DF hut. 
 It has to be a hundred yards or so away from the main building to minimise interference. 
 Shall we continue? 
 Yes, of course. 
 Watch the young lady, will you? 
 Why don't we show Mr Foyle the transcription room? 
 We haven't got all day, after all. 
 Look, I'm sorry Mr Foyle. 
 Don't mind Colonel Galt, it's just his manner. Mm. 
 This way. 
 Here it is. 
 Much of what we intercept we transcribe here by hand, and then we send it on to Bletchley Park by motorbike. 
 As you can see it's all rather technical and a little dull. 
 Not at all. Fascinating. 
 We're just taking dictation, aren't we, Colonel? 
 The heavy lifting is done by the code breakers. 
 The room is manned 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. 
 There you have it. 
 Ah, and the rest of the house? 
 Upstairs, sleeping quarters for the men. 
 Radio equipment in the basement. 
 Off limits, I'm afraid. 
 To be honest, just a tangle of wires and little boxes that beep. Drink? 
 So you understand, what we do here is vital to national security. Thank you. 
 Your discretion is taken for granted. Well, of course. 
 Hm. 
 There's just one question. 
 Which is? 
 We've been trying to identify a suspected Russian agent who turned up in a hospital not far from here. Any idea who he might be? 
 Really? That is a concern. 
 Well, not any longer, he's dead. 
 Suicide apparently. 
 And a doctor at the very same hospital, coincidentally, has also been found dead. 
 A Doctor Ross, mean anything? 
 Ross. 
 No. 
 Again, not familiar. Sorry. 
 If you'll excuse me? 
 McDonald! Foyle? 
 Mr Foyle? 
 Ah, there you are! 
 Beg your pardon. Forgot my hat. 
 This way please. Yes, of course. 
 Thank you, very enlightening. 
 There was something going on in the cellar that wasn't part of the tour. 
 And the activity in the transcript room was clearly for my benefit. 
 Yes. There is something odd about the place. 
 Did you see any women about? 
 No. 
 I found this. 
 What's that? It's the bow from a pair of coupon busters. 
 What are they? 
 Shoes. 
 All the girls are wearing them. 
 Yet not a woman in sight. 
 Incidentally, 'ten eye' turns out to be 'tin eye' and is the name given to a man with a monocle. Oh? 
 Let Charlotte know, would you? 
 Of course. 
 This is Mr Foyle and his assistant. 
 They used to work for the police. 
 Do, do sit down. 
 We hoped you wouldn't mind telling us a bit about your daughter? 
 I've already told the police everything. 
 Well, just to make sure they haven't missed anything. Is that alright? 
 She's how old? 
 Twenty seven, three weeks ago. 
 And she's working at...? 
 Leyton's, the haberdashers. 
 She's been there about a year. 
 Not the Foreign Office? 
 The Foreign Office? 
 Might there be a photograph of her we could take a look at? 
 This was taken on her birthday. 
 New shoes? 
 That's right. 
 She got them for her birthday, coupon busters, she so wanted them. 
 She was wearing them when she went missing. 
 Nana! 
 Ah! 
 That's lovely! 
 We shot a bow and arrow in the garden. 
 So, what d'you think? 
 There are two Evelyn Greens - one of them is at Barton Hall, where's the other one? 
 East Berlin. 
 But what possible reason could there be for this Evelyn Green to be at Barton Hall? Yup. 
 'I'm not asking you to do anything very difficult. 
 So just do it!' 
 'Yes sir!' 
 Problem? 
 Bloody Foreign Office! 
 Can I help you? 
 Well, how nice that would be. 
 Galt. Lieutenant Colonel Harry Galt. 
 Dealings with him? 
 Not personally, no. 
 What can you tell me? 
 Not known for his easy going charm, I hear! 
 What is he known for? 
 Far East, section five. 
 Counter-espionage. 
 A very effective officer by all accounts. 
 So wasted at a Y-station, would you say? 
 Yes, I suppose he is. 
 Ah, that's as helpful as you get, is it? 
 Would you mind closing the door? 
 Thanks for coming. 
 My pleasure. I'm not sure if this is still part of the interview? 
 Unfortunately not. It didn't go your way I'm afraid. 
 The service doesn't appear to be ready for you yet. 
 I'd hoped I'd done enough. 
 Well, little to do with you, apart from not going to the right school perhaps. Then why am I here? 
 There's a job I can offer you, which you'd be perfectly entitled to refuse, it'd be off the record and regrettably off the payroll. 
 I'm happy to help the service. 
 Well, you should hear what I'm asking you to do first. 
 Get in the back. 
 It's perhaps a combination of, er... information gathering and salvage operation. 
 With not a bridge in sight, you'll be pleased to hear. 
 Is she the incentive? 
 She is the salvage. 
 Her name is Evelyn Green. 
 I think she's being held at this place, Barton Hall. 
 When Ian got back from the car accident he came straight down here and started working. 
 The only thing on his mind was some blood tests he wanted to check. 
 He conducted experiments here for his research. 
 He was so disorganised. 
 I tried to help him to sort out this mess, but he liked it this way. 
 What are these? 
 Oh, tick... er ticks, tick bites. 
 Insect bites, part of his study into infectious diseases. 
 He plans... planned to specialise. 
 What do you think you'll do now? 
 I was going to apply for British Nationality once we were married. 
 But, they have told me I must go back to Germany. 
 And you'd be unlikely to want to do that? 
 Yes. 
 You survived. 
 I did. 
 The rest of my family did not. 
 I survived. 
 And now there are people in our home and they won't leave. 
 It has happened to so many Jews. 
 They thought their troubles would be over when they opened the gates to Belsen and Dachau, but they were just beginning. 
 What if it happens again? 
 If Stalin has his way, it could. 
 It might be possible to get you authorisation to stay? 
 I don't have the proper papers. 
 I don't even have my birth certificate. It's hopeless. 
 Officially I do not exist. 
 The more I think about it, it is possible Ian took his own life. 
 He was deported for some articles he wrote criticising Das Dritte Reich. 
 And when I went to Auschwitz, he blamed himself. 
 He kept asking me what it was like there. 
 I couldn't tell him what I saw, he was too fragile for that. 
 How could he do it? 
 How could he leave me? 
 DS Jones? 
 'Foyle here, we met at Dr Ross' house.' Mr Foyle. 
 I wondered if you'd be able to help with some information about a car accident about five days ago, possible military vehicle? 
 Is that still giving you trouble? 
 I beg your pardon? 
 Your wrist. I spotted it was bothering you the last time we met. 
 It's a tick bit, I think. 
 The damn thing's infected. 
 How did you know about this? 
 I understand you were involved in a bit of a car accident the other night? 
 That's right. I'm not used to these country roads. 
 I had a dizzy turn and before I knew it I ended up in a ditch. 
 And you - I'm sorry, I have a meeting. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
 Well, I sincerely hope so. 
 I've come to give you another opportunity to tell me the truth. 
 I'm sorry? 
 The Russian's last words were 'Tin Eye'. 
 Colonel Galt is known as Tin Eye, correct? He is. 
 So he knew exactly who Galt was and quite obviously spent time at Barton Hall. You denied this. 
 You must understand. This can't go any further. Of course. 
 We discovered this Russian trying to break in. 
 Colonel Galt assumed he was spying and had him detained. 
 Personally I thought he was just looking for food. 
 And what about his wounds? 
 Galt is an exceptional CO, but he was quite paranoid about this man. 
 He suspected he might be a spy and allowed some of the men to get carried away while they were questioning him. 
 Personally, I didn't think he was a spy. He claimed to be a refugee. 
 I believed him. There must be hundreds like him who defected at the end of the war. 
 Anyway, when this Russian realised that Galt didn't believe him... he thought he was going to be deported and sent back to Russia. 
 That seemed to be the last straw. 
 He got hold of a knife and tried to kill himself. 
 We were taking him to a military hospital when he made a run for it. 
 And you didn't tell me any of this before because...? 
 We can't attract attention to ourselves. 
 What's his name? 
 Palenko. 
 I think that's what he said. 
 Do you want to sign for it? 
 Sam. 
 Sir. 
 I need you to get me the file on Lieutenant Colonel Harry Galt and leave it in my office. 
 I don't know if this is important or not, but I just saw the dispatch rider from Barton Hall here. 
 Right. Hm. 
 Evening, sir. 
 Who's got the lighter? 
 I have, sir. 
 What's that? 
 Let's take a look. 
 Oh Lord! 
 Get back! Get back! Quickly! 
 Calm down. Evelyn, isn't it? 
 Let's get you out of here, shall we? 
 Come on. 
 Guard! 
 Guard! 
 The girl's gone! 
 Zone one! You two, zone two! 
 What happened? 
 She's gone. How? She must have got out through the tunnel. 
 Sir! Over here! 
 There they are! 
 Get after them! 
 Move it! 
 Main gate! 
 Come here. 
 'Get after them!' 
 Through here. 
 Wait! 
 Let's go! 
 They're back on the path! Go! Go! Go! 
 Come on. 
 This way. 
 Get in! 
 Off to the left, there's a car! 
 Leave it! Hold your fire! 
 How did this happen? 
 With all due respect, sir, my expertise lies in interrogation, not security. 
 In any case, it wasn't our decision to bring the girl here. 
 If she talks, we've had it. 
 Whole operation up in smoke. 
 God I wish I was back in Malaya! 
 Bye, Mum! 
 'We live in a bombed-out house in West Peckham. 
 My mum, my sister and her family. 
 Anyway, it was Sunday morning and I was on my way to church. 
 They was waiting for me. 
 "Are you Evelyn Green?" they asked. 
 And then bundled me into a car.' 
 Thank you. 
 They looked at my identity card, then drove me to this big house in the country, surrounded by soldiers. 
 They wouldn't answer any of my questions. 
 They just took me to the basement, put me in a cell. 
 I knew there had been some kind of mix up. So did they. 
 I could hear people arguing about me. 
 But then the music started, and it didn't stop. 
 Even so, I could still hear men screaming. 
 See any of them? 
 'There was a crack in my wooden door. 
 I made it bigger with a nail file, so I could see out. 
 I wanted to know what was going on, what kind of place it was.' 
 There were guards in uniform coming and going. 
 And then later that night... 
 'I heard this man, shouting, in Russian I think it was. 
 He was one or two cells down. 
 And then I saw a man in a bloody shirt, stagger past my door.' 
 And he was followed a moment later by another man in uniform, but he wasn't a guard. 
 Did you recognise him? 
 No. I didn't really see their faces. 
 It appears to be a Psychological Interrogation Unit. 
 Officially they don't exist. 
 During the war they concealed prisoners from the Red Cross and questioned them using whatever methods they deemed appropriate. 
 They'll be deprived of sleep, starved of food, mock executions, that type of thing. 
 The girl must be a mistake. 
 I can't see any other reason why she'd be taken. 
 Thank you. 
 I've put a hot water bottle in here for you. Thank you. 
 So do you think it will be safer if I stay here for a few days? 
 Yes, I do. 
 Thank you. 
 Goodnight. 
 We need to let Mrs Green know she's here first thing in the morning. 
 No one else. 
 If... When you get elected, you need to do something about this. 
 I don't know if I can. 
 Not if it's anything to do with The Official Secrets Act. 
 There is one thing we need to do before I'm elected. 
 Yes? 
 Vote. It's polling day tomorrow. 
 Oh, Adam, I'm so sorry. 
 I completely forgot! 
 Thank you very much. 
 Morning, Mr Foyle. 
 Morning. 
 That file you requested, Colonel Galt? Oh yes? 
 I'm afraid it's restricted. 
 Section Chiefs only. 
 Arthur. 
 What is it you don't want me to find? 
 I beg your pardon? 
 Restricted files, for Section Chiefs only, it's beginning to feel like an investigation being obstructed. 
 I've got better things to do than that. 
 What are you hiding? 
 Do I need to remind you, how much you can trust me? 
 Between you and me, I'm in a bit of hole. 
 We were tipped off that there was a mole in the Foreign Office, passing information onto the Soviets and I was asked to bring her in. 
 I was given her name, Evelyn Green, and her address on a pink chit, so I picked her up, passed her on. 
 Only to discover, that we'd got the wrong woman. 
 A completely innocent Evelyn Green. 
 I don't understand it, I was given her name and address on a pink chit. 
 So it was only partly my fault. 
 Meyerson, he's going to want a scapegoat and it looks like it's going to be me! 
 When did you find out you'd made the mistake? 
 When the real Evelyn Green turned up in East Berlin. 
 Where did the pink chit come from? 
 Barton Hall. 
 Between you and me, I think it'll help if you let me take a look at these files. 
 Alright. 
 Thank you. 
 These only go back to '38. 
 How far do you want to go back? 
 Well, how about the beginning? 
 Mrs Green, hello! 
 Mum! 
 Oh! 
 Thank you. Thank you. 
 Thank you. 
 Wish me luck. 
 Good luck. Got your speech? 
 Yep. 
 Remember not to answer the door to anyone apart from us. 
 Glenvil. 
 Indeed. 
 Foyle. 
 We've had a security breach. 
 I'm afraid you'll have to leave immediately. 
 Can't wait. One or two questions before I do - You're not listening. 
 Well, technically, neither are you. 
 This isn't a Y station - it's an interrogation centre, in which at least one person has been murdered. So one or two questions. 
 We're developing new interrogation techniques. 
 The intelligence that we extract is passed directly to MI5. 
 You see, violence can often result in the wrong answers - a good interrogator seeks the truth, without resorting to brutality. 
 A technique not applied in Palenko's case, it would seem? 
 Palenko was rounded up in a general sweep. He had no identification. 
 We suspected him of being a Russian spy and went to work on him. 
 He cracked and tried to take his own life. 
 The man Ross saw following Palenko to the hospital the night he died, would that have been you by any chance? 
 You don't have the authority to question me or anyone else at Barton Hall. 
 Sir? 
 Escort Mr Foyle out. 
 It is your duty to leave here and never speak of this again. 
 Well, our ideas of duty obviously differ quite considerably. 
 Good afternoon, sir. 
 Excuse me, would you mind telling me who you voted for? No. 
 How's it... Good afternoon. 
 How's it looking? 
 It's close. But er... this helped. 
 Please tell me this wasn't you? 
 Excuse me, do you mind telling me who you voted for please? 
 Mrs Ross... 
 I'm not at all sure how much comfort this will be to you, but your husband didn't kill himself. 
 He didn't? 
 No. 
 When he returned home after the car accident, you mentioned he was eager to check some blood samples. Am I right? 
 Yes. Were these samples taken at the accident? 
 I believe so, yes. 
 Where might we find these? 
 Please. 
 This must have been what he was last working on. 
 Yes, this is the blood sample, and this must be the result. 
 What does that say? 
 Someone suffering from tick-borne Encephalitis. 
 Fatal without treatment. 
 I saw a lot of it in the camp. 
 Sir? 
 Yes. 
 Gait's file is on your desk. 
 Thank you. 
 I'd like James McDonald's as well. 
 Would that be a problem? Not at all. 
 Good, thank you. 
 Absolutely nothing to do with us! 
 Too much of a coincidence to ignore. 
 The man's given carte blanche to wander all over the place, and within 48 hours there's a major security breach! 
 If that's the case, it was done without the knowledge or authorisation of this office. 
 What's more, he turned up again this morning! Nerve of the man! 
 And the wrong girl, why haven't I been told about that? 
 I've only just heard about her myself. 
 You're not suggesting that Foyle broke in? Of course not! 
 Then who? 
 Unidentified, but you can bet your boots he's connected to Foyle. 
 Well, how much does Foyle know about the place? More than he should. 
 And whose fault is that? Well, I didn't invite the blighter in! 
 Alright, I accept there may have been mistakes. 
 I take my share of the blame, sir. 
 Sir? 
 I asked not to be disturbed! 
 Mr Foyle is - I do beg your pardon. 
 Sorry to interrupt. 
 Colonel? 
 Thank you, Charlotte. 
 Foyle, come in, you do have some questions to answer. 
 Well, that'll make a change. 
 The break-in at Barton Hall. 
 How much do you know about it? 
 Oh, only what I heard this morning. 
 A girl's gone missing. 
 Another one? 
 This is important, man! 
 And we have reason to believe you know where she is. 
 She's in possession of confidential information. 
 If it gets out, our entire work could be fatally undermined! 
 It already has been. 
 Explain yourself. 
 At some point recently, was McDonald absent from the unit? 
 I said, explain yourself. I'm sick and tired of your damn questions! 
 Occupational hazard, Colonel. 
 Would that be correct? 
 Yes, I gave him 48 hours leave after the Russian was interrogated. Why? 
 And were you both present, at that interrogation? 
 Yes, McDonald translated. 
 Well, you won't be pleased to learn, that he's been responsible for undermining your unit for some considerable time. 
 James McDonald? 
 The Russian even made a dying attempt to warn you... 
 "Tin Eye". 
 This is McDonald's file. 
 Does no one ever read these things? 
 What's the news? It's neck and neck according to my own poll. 
 Not much we can do now. 
 Well, that's good, isn't it? 
 Colonel Galt... Mr Foyle. 
 Do you mind if I don't get up? Not feeling too dandy at the moment - can't seem to shake this bug off. 
 Well, I'm sorry to have to tell you Major McDonald, but you're unlikely to feel dandy ever again. 
 Get an ambulance. 
 I don't understand. 
 I do. You have a condition called Encephalitis, contracted through your tick-bite. 
 It attacks the central nervous system and is fatal without treatment. 
 Your infection has gone untreated because the person who made the diagnosis and the only person in the position to be able to treat you, is the person you murdered... 
 Dr Ian Ross. 
 You killed him in the belief that he'd recognised you at the car accident. He hadn't. 
 What he did recognise was the condition, as a result of the blood samples he took and that the condition cannot be contracted in this country. 
 It is common, however, in parts of Europe, East Berlin for example, which is where you were infected, while escorting Evelyn Green into the Russian Zone. 
 You two were at Cambridge together, weren't you? 
 Well, I have all the time in the world. 
 We met at the debating society. 
 I was a postgraduate, she was younger. 
 Highly intelligent... and beautiful. 
 I'd never seen anyone so beautiful. 
 We were kindred spirits. 
 We were both sickened by the class system. 
 The snobbery, the hypocrisy, the greed. 
 We've been lovers - and comrades - ever since. 
 Palenko deserved to die - he betrayed the cause. 
 Now we're getting somewhere. 
 Find out who she is. 
 Evelyn Green. 
 Evelyn Green? Where? 
 Foreign Office. 
 Right. 
 I don't trust him. 
 He'll say anything. 
 He could be a Trojan horse for all we know. I agree. All the same, we should inform MI5 about this woman in the Foreign Office. 
 Shouldn't we verify his story before we accuse someone of being a spy? 
 We have no choice. They need to pick her up immediately. Do it. 
 Sir? 
 Something the matter? 
 As a matter of fact there is, sir. 
 It's my sister's husband, there's been a dreadful accident. 
 She's not coping very well. 
 I was wondering if I...? 
 Palenko's not going anywhere. 
 How much time do you need? 
 48 hours. 
 48 hours then. 
 Thank you, sir. 
 I gave MI5 details of another Evelyn Green at a different address. 
 Then I made a phone call. 
 'Kensington 3487?' 
 Is your bag packed? 
 'Evelyn?' 
 Yes. 
 Get out now! 
 Meet me at Paddington Station. 
 Evelyn had an interzone ID card. 
 We'd prepared one for just such an event. 
 What about Palenko? 
 I was ordered to return and silence him... 
 'I knew that he couldn't speak English.' 
 But I had to be sure. 
 'I chased him to the hospital.' 
 'How he ever managed to get there...' 
 'I heard Ross pronounce him dead.' 
 He's gone. 
 'I thought he might have seen me, might have been able to identify me.' 
 All my life, I've believed that Communism will prevail. 
 One state, one mind, all equal. 
 I've sacrificed everything for the cause, everything. 
 I won't live to see it. 
 But it will come. 
 Contemptible! 
 '..Conservative - Six thousand, three hundred and twenty two. 
 Watt, Liberal - five thousand two hundred and fifty one. 
 Wainwright, Labour. Six thousand four hundred and forty eight!' Yes! 
 Sam, what are you doing? 
 This. 
 Sam, I've got to make a speech. 
 So do I. 
 Adam Wainwright. You're going to be the best member of parliament Peckham has ever seen. 
 I'm so bloody proud of you. 
 I couldn't have done it without you. 
 That's just not true. 
 Adam, sorry, speech! 
 Come on. 
 What's happened to the girl? 
 Er, back with her family. 
 Will she talk? She'd sooner forget the whole thing, I think. 
 Can't say I blame her. 
 The man who got her out, I take it that was your doing? 
 Yeah, he certainly proved himself quite useful. 
 Maybe we should encourage him to apply. 
 I'll see what I can do. 
 Take a seat, Mr Foyle. 
 I can't close Barton Hall, if that's what you're thinking. 
 It doesn't bother you how the intelligence that arrives on your desk is obtained? 
 No, of course it does. 
 But if you think the Soviets aren't using the same, or worse methods, you're wrong. 
 Well, I'm aware of what they do, it's what we do that's the issue. 
 But it's intelligence that has saved many of our agents' lives. 
 I have to see both sides of the coin. That's my job. 
 But listen to me. 
 Pierce is first class. 
 But you have something I need. 
 And I don't mean your inability to tow the line. 
 It's just that in this rather nasty little war we seem to be fighting, I'd like to think that I have you on my side. 
 And it might just be that working together, we could do some good. 
 We could start with Mrs Ross perhaps? 
 Yes? 
 Karl Strasser. Nazi. 
 He believes that he's in danger. 
 Delivered to the hostel. 
 Find this man. 
 Arrest him if you must. Find out what it is that he has against me. 
 Between you and me, I'm not always proud of what we get up to here. 
 Quite frankly I despise the idea of protecting a bloody Nazi! 
 A flower on the bed hardly constitutes a death threat. 
 A sunflower, Mr Foyle! 
 It is a provocation, let me assure you. 
 Next time, maybe soon, he will make his move. 
 This is getting out of hand. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 