Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x01 - The Kiss - Dawson's Creek 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x01 - The Kiss https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=20&t=4573 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 destinyros2005  [ 10/25/98 06:25 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x01 - The Kiss 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Episode 201 The Kiss 
 Original Air Date: October 7, 1998  
 In this episode: After their first, wildly passionate kiss, Dawson and Joey fall prey to the all-too-normal insecurities and uncertainties that accompany the death of a platonic relationship and the birth of a romance. On top of it all, Joey needs to make an immediate decision on whether to not to go to France, and a grief-stricken Jen keeps looking to Dawson for support in the wake of her grandfather's death. It all seems as if the deck is stacked against the new couple. Meanwhile, Pacey meets new girl in town, Andie McPhee, who gives the wiseacre a taste of his own medicine after he masquerades as a police officer. And, Mitch visits a divorce lawyer without telling Gale, who blindly believes that they're headed for a complete reconciliation.  
 
 *Dawson's room - Dawson and Joey are kissing as "Say Goodnight" plays in the background. They pull away.*  
 Joey: What was that?  
 Dawson: A kiss...I think.  
 Joey: *smiles* You kissed me.  
 Dawson: I know.  
 *Joey and Dawson both have that 'Should we kiss again?' look on their faces*  
 Dawson: So..  
 Joey: So.  
 Dawson: Well..  
 Joey: Well what?  
 Dawson: Well that was a kiss.  
 Joey: I'll say.  
 Dawson: So now what?  
 Joey: I don't know.  
 Dawson: Me either.  
 Joey: Well, uh, maybe we could..  
 *Joey walks over and sits on the bed.*  
 Dawson: What?  
 Joey: Nothing.  
 *Dawson walks over and sits beside her.*  
 Dawson: No, no, you were going to say something. What were you going to say?  
 Joey: Nothing, I mean, I don't know. I don't know what I was going to say.  
 Dawson: You were going to say we shouldn't have done that. I mean, that's what you're thinking, right?  
 Joey: Actually, Dawson, I don't have a thought in my head now. *standing up* But apparently, that's what you're thinking so  
 Dawson: No, no, I...  
 Joey: Look. Why don't we sleep on it?  
 *Dawson looks at her.*  
 Joey: (cont.) Not together! I mean, YOU in your bed and me in mine.  
 Dawson: Right, right, uh, absolutely. Obviously. We'll sleep on it, wake up, and this will all be a dream.  
 Joey: You mean like it never happened?  
 Dawson: Is that what you want?  
 Joey: Is that what YOU want?  
 *Dawson just stands there.*  
 Joey: Okay, poof! Didn't happen, Dawson. See ya later.  
 *She starts climbing out the window*  
 Dawson: Joey! Joey!  
 *He runs to the window and pulls her by the arm back inside.*  
 Dawson: Don't even think about climbing out that window.  
 *Joey smiles and they kiss again.*  
 Dawson's Creek theme (still the same, but new opening credits)  
 *Cut back and forth: Joey laying in her bed, Dawson laying in his, Joey waking up and slowly smiling, Dawson waking up and smiling*  
 *Cut to Dawson's parents' room. They're laying in bed and Mitch wakes up and turns over to find Gail sitting up in bed.*  
 Gail: Hi.  
 Mitch: Hi...is everything okay?  
 Gail: Mm-hm. I was just sitting here waiting.  
 Mitch: *slowly* Waiting for what?  
 Gail: I don't have to be in until 9 today and of all the possible ways to spend a free morning there's one idea that just kind of seems to stand out.  
 Mitch: Mm Gail..  
 Gail: You can protest if you want, but the resistance will only make the conquest that much sweeter.  
 Mitch: Ah, Gail, Gail, I have to shower. I have a meeting.  
 Gail: Oh, that's ok, the act plays under water too.  
 Mitch: Gail.  
 Gail: Right. Shower. Meeting.  
 *Cut to Bessie and Joey pulling up in the truck in which has a flat tire. The truck stops and Bessie gets out.*  
 Bessie: I could just open my mouth and scream. I hate this truck it's always something!  
 Joey: Hey, these things happen Bessie. Don't let it get you down.  
 Bessie: Your morning glow is highly suspicious. How many cups of coffee have you had?  
 Joey: Can't a person be in a good mood?  
 Bessie: A person can, but you. You're Miss Perma-Scowl. What aren't you telling me?  
 Joey: Nothing.  
 Bessie: Then what's with that look?  
 Joey: What look?  
 Bessie: You have this look. This cheery, yet sneaky, 'I got lucky' look. I know this look.  
 *Joey tries to act casual but can't hide her grin.*  
 Joey: Bessie...  
 Bessie: Here, wait a second. Where were you last night?  
 Joey: Nowhere...*gives in*..Dawson's.  
 Bessie: Start talking.  
 *Cut to Dawson and Pacey getting a haircut.*  
 Pacey: You know, I knew there was a reason you got me up this morning for a morning trim. So c'mon, set the stage, I want details.  
 Dawson: I don't know how to explain....it was in a word...  
 *Cut back to Joey and Bessie fixing the flat tire.*  
 Joey: Hot. Extremely hot.  
 Bessie: So what kind of kiss was it? Peck on the cheek? Probbing tongues?  
 Fingers clawing at your neck?  
 *Joey makes a face like she's slightly embarressed.*  
 Joey: Bessie...  
 Bessie: (cont.) Did he touch your--  
 *Cut back to Pacey and Dawson*  
 Pacey: ...thing-a-ma-jig?  
 Dawson: Get out of the gutter. No thing-a-ma-jig involved. It was just the sweetest, most romantic, Fourth of July fireworky, waves crashing on the shore, beyond any movie I could ever imagine kiss.  
 Pacey: Congratulations. I'm happy for ya. But, more importantly, are you going to do it?  
 Joey: Don't even go there, Bessie. I will extinguish this conversation right now.  
 Bessie: Okay. Alright. So what's next?  
 *Cut back to Pacey and Dawson*  
 Pacey: After you kiss somebody things change. Questions arise.  
 Dawson: What questions?  
 *Cut back to Bessie and Joey*  
 Bessie: Does this cut France?  
 *Cut back to Dawson and Pacey*  
 Dawson: We haven't discussed it.  
 Pacey: You know I can't believe this. After years of gratuitous self-examination, you finally did it, you acted. I mean, I thought you and Joey were going to draw out this 'will they-won't they' drama for at least another couple of years. Sam and Diane didn't get together for at least 4 seasons and Mulder and Scully...they haven't even kissed! If you and Joey can get across this romantic checkmate thing you've been in for GOD knows how many years...anything is possible!  
 Dawson: God, calm down, Pacey.  
 Pacey: No, I'm serious here. I can change, too. I can be Pacey Witter, bad ass stud and man about town. I can score with high quality chicks. Kristy Livingstone par example.  
 Dawson: Senior cheerleader? Let's not abandon all sense of reality here.  
 Pacey: No, no, no. No more negative thoughts.  
 *Pacey pulls the lady's hand who's fixing his hair.*  
 Pacey: You know what? Molly? I need a new look. What do you say we...frost my tips or something?  
 Dawson: Frost your tips?  
 Pacey: Yeah. *smiles*  
 *Cut to Pacey walking towards his dad's police car with his "frosted tips". He gets in the car. He spots Kristy.*  
 Pacey: Hey Kristy!  
 *He turns on the car and turns towards where Kristy was headed until a girl wrecks into him [Andie McPhee]*  
 Andie: Oh my God. Oh.  
 Pacey: Great. Just great. My father's going to kill me.  
 Andie: Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god. Officer, please, I am so sorry.  
 *Pacey looks around before he realizes that she thinks he is an officer.*  
 Andie: I didn't see you pulling out. I mean, I did see you pulling out but it was so abrupt that--  
 Pacey: Mm-hm.  
 Andie: Oh god. I just got my license. Please be kind.  
 Pacey: I'm going to have to see that license and your registration, too, Little Miss.  
 *She finds them and hands them to Pacey.*  
 Pacey: Andie McPhee. Rhode Island driver's license?  
 Andie: Uh, yes sir. See, my family just moved to town. We live over on Windsor.  
 Pacey: Country Club.  
 Andie: Yes. Is that a detriment?  
 *Pacey is getting really into his police officer impersonation.*  
 Pacey: Do you realize the severity of what you've done here? Hm? Do ya?  
 *Andie nods*  
 Pacey: Sitting behind the wheel of a very powerful and dangerous automobile is a huge responsibility. One lapse of judgement and you could run over a cat, a child, a nun. You know I could have this license revoked, *snaps*, just like that. In fact, I think I'm just going to take you in and book you right now.  
 Andie: No, no, you can't!  
 *Pacey turns away from the cop car.*  
 Andie: I mean, um, please don't do that. I just got my license. Please don't revoke it.  
 Pacey: 'kay. Maybe I can just, let this one incident slide. But I just want to let you know that I got my eyes on you now, Blondie. You cause anymore trouble in Capeside and Officer Pacey is coming after you. Hm?  
 *Andie nods and takes her driver's license.*  
 Andie: Okay, I understand. Thank you. Thank you so much. Oh, um it was really nice meeting you.  
 *Pacey turns back to the cop car.*  
 Pacey: Damn.  
 *Cut to Capeside High hallway, Joey is talking to a teacher.*  
 Mr. Elliord: Good luck Joey.  
 Joey: Thank you Mr. Elliord. I appreciate all of your advice, but...  
 Mr. Elliord: Goodbye Ms. Potter.  
 *Joey turns back to her locker. Dawson walks up.*  
 Dawson: Hi!  
 Joey: Hey.......how are you?  
 Dawson: Good, um. Yeah...how are you?  
 Joey: *sighs* I don't know Dawson. I think I might have made the biggest mistake of my life.  
 *Dawson thinks it's him.*  
 Joey: France. I told Mr. Elliord I just...wasn't going to go.  
 *She smiles. Dawson smiles and laughs and hugs her.*  
 Dawson: So Joey Potter's sticking around Capeside for some guy...  
 Joey: Yeah, maybe if you're lucky I'll introduce you to him sometime.  
 Dawson: Oh okay.  
 *He leans in closer to her.*  
 Dawson: *whispering* Well, he's a very lucky guy.  
 *Joey smiles. They start walking down the hall.*  
 Joey: But seriously, Dawson. What do you think?  
 Dawson: I'm relieved. I'm ecstatic. I'm psyched. I'm...aroused.  
 Joey: Aroused?  
 Dawson: Yeah.  
 Joey: Put your hormones aside for right now, Dawson.  
 *Dawson leans in to kiss her*  
 Joey: No, no Dawson. Just for a second. Me not going to France...you and me talking dirty in the halls...I mean, do you think we're making some massive, monumental mistake? I mean, things have always been so complicated between...  
 Dawson: I think we'll be fine. I mean granted we'll be entering some uncharted boy/girl territory but I honestly think regardless of how complicated things are on a day to day basis, we'll be fine. We'll concentrate on the simple stuff.  
 Joey: Like what?  
 Dawson: Like a date.  
 Joey: A date?  
 Dawson: Mm-hm.  
 Joey: You and me on a date?  
 Dawson: Yep.  
 Joey: I don't know, Dawson. I was going to watch tv tonight. I hear Luke Perry's back on 90210.  
 Dawson: Saturday night the Rialto is closing. It's the last show, I think we should go.  
 Joey: Will you still be aroused on Saturday night?  
 Dawson: I think I can guaratee it, yeah.  
 *They start leaning in to kiss, when Jen walks up.*  
 Jen: Hey guys.  
 Dawson: Jen! Hey.  
 Joey: Hey.How's it goin'?  
 Jen: Not great. My, uh, grandpa died last night.  
 Dawson: Oh my god Jen I'm so sorry.  
 Joey: How are you doing? How is your grandmother?  
 Jen: She's ok, she's actually handling it better than me.  
 Joey: Is there anything we can do?  
 Dawson: Yeah.  
 Jen: No, no I'm fine. Actually, I think I'm just going to head home. I was going to try to stick out the day but it doesn't seem like that great of an idea.  
 *Jen walks away.*  
 Dawson: Jen!  
 Joey: You should go see if she's okay.  
 Dawson: I'll see you later.  
 *Dawson walks off leaving Joey by herself in the crowded halls of Capeside.*  
 "The Kiss"  
 *Cut to Capeside hallway. Pacey is talking to some guys about the stunt he pulled with Andie and Andie walks up and overhears.*  
 Pacey: Trust me, it's there! *indicating outside* I'm pulling out for school.  
 Trust me, go outside. I'm in the cruiser, in my dad's car. Giver her the whole cop routine, license, registration. It was nothin'!  
 *He walks away and Andie taps him on the shoulder.*  
 Andie: Officer Pacey. You little stump.  
 Pacey: Hey Little Missy, how you doin'? You keepin out of trouble?  
 Andie: You know impersonating an officer is a felony. I should call the police station and report you.  
 Pacey: Oh, there's a conversation I would love to hear taking as my father is the town sheriff!  
 Andie: I have been having major anxiety attacks, to the point of medication, ever since you pulled your little stunt. Spinning scenarios in my head about being carded off to prison and becoming a s*x slave to some Sadis named Bomber Bertha.  
 Pacey: Okay, now, correct me if I'm wrong, didn't you cause the accident? You hit me. I was just having some fun. And besides, it's NOTHING compared to the hell my dad is giving me. And you know what? Your country club Sab is still in one piece so..  
 *Kristy walks up*  
 Kristy: Hey Andie.  
 Andie: Hey Kristy.  
 *Kristy continues walking.*  
 Pacey: Hey Kristy...didn't you tell me you're new in town? How do you know Kristy Livingstone?  
 Andie: Well, unlike certain sewer rats, she made the effort to welcome the new, and slightly insecure, to Capeside.  
 Pacey: Well, she probably didn't recognize me I just had my tips frosted.  
 Andie: You just had your tips frosted?  
 Pacey: Yeah.  
 Andie: Your tips are in attempt to win a certain someone.  
 *Pacey points at her like "You got it"*  
 Andie: Hot tip. Kristy Livingstone is a homosapien so perhaps you should start barking up a different tree.  
 Pacey: And perhaps you should just stop barking altogether.  
 Andie: Tell you what. Here's an idea. I've always had a certain soft spot for pathetic, lovelorn losers such as yourself, so if you like Kristy...I'll set up an intro.  
 Pacey: Really? You'd do that for me?  
 *Cut to Jen at her Grams'*  
 Grams: Hello Jennifer. How was school today?  
 Jen: The usual. What's going on here?  
 Grams: Well I've decided to donate some of your grandfather's old clothes to the church charity drive.  
 Jen: You're just giving his stuff away?  
 Grams: No, it's for a good cause. There are people in this community who rely on these donations.  
 Jen: But don't you think it's a little early to be clearing out his closet?  
 Grams: He's not going to be needing these things. Those less fortunate, do.  
 Jen: Grams just died yesterday. We haven't even buried him yet.  
 Grams: What would you have me do Jennifer?  
 Jen: I don't know. It's just that you're not exactly the picture of the grieving widow.  
 Grams: Let me tell you something, Jennifer. I loved your grandfather from our very first date through 43 years of marriage and when he had his stroke, I sat by his bedside and for months all I did was pray for his recovery. But when his condition worsened, do you know what I prayed for? Not for his recovery, but for his release. I watched him waste away in that bed for almost 2 years. So whether I clean out his closet today or not, he's gone. He's been gone.  
 *Cut to Gail running up to the house*  
 Gail: I know, I know I'm late. And I know what you must be thinking.  
 Mitch: You do?  
 Gail: Before you let those thoughts get the best of you, here's the truth.  
 The promo meeting ran long and after that there was traffic all the way up I-95 and I know that Ann Landers said that you're never supposed to give more than one excuse when you're explaining yourself to somebody, but that is the truth Mitch, and I really need you to believe me.  
 Mitch: I do. Actually, I heard about the traffic jam on the radio.  
 Gail: Oh thank god. Because I just don't want you to ever have to worry again that I'm....those days are behind us, you know that, and I would just hate for one of those old suspicions to creep back.  
 Mitch: I know. It's okay. Really. Oh god, look at the time, I gotta get going.  
 Gail: Where are you going?  
 Mitch: It's just an appointment that's arisin suddenly. I won't be home too late.  
 *Cut to Pacey at school watching Andie talk to Kristy.*  
 Andie: Go for it, Pacey. She's all ready for you. I got her primed.  
 Pacey: *to a tune* There once was a girl named-a Kristy, the thought of her nude makes me misty, a night on the town, we'll both go get down, by the end of the date she'll have kissed me.  
 *Pacey approaches her.*  
 Pacey: Kristy...hey!  
 Kristy: Pacey...how are you?  
 Pacey: Great. How are you doin'?  
 Kristy: Good. What can I do for you?  
 Pacey: Ah, Listen. I know this is sort of abrupt seeing as we hardly know each other. In fact, we don't even know each other at all. But I was wondering if I could change that and maybe get to know you a little better, take you out to dinner and a movie sometime. See if we have anything that resembles a future together. Ah, so, I was thinking tomorrow night? What do you say?  
 Kristy: Sounds great.  
 *Pacey nods his head like he's just been turned down but then realizes he hasn't and perks up.*  
 Pacey: Okay!  
 *Cut to Mr. Leery in an office. A secretary comes out of a door.*  
 Secretary: Mr. Leery?  
 Mitch: Yes?  
 Secretary: Mr. Drake will see you now.  
 *Phone is ringing in the background*  
 *Mr. Leery enters the office and the secretary goes over to answer the phone.*  
 Secretary: *on phone* Drake, Witherspoon, and Hall....no, we specialize in divorce.  
 *Cut to Jen sitting on a swing. Dawson walks up.*  
 Dawson: Hey.  
 Jen: Hey!  
 Dawson: My mom wanted me to bring you this. It's a chicken-cheese noodle thing with way too many spices, but she's kind of proud of it so..  
 Jen: Thanks Dawson.  
 Dawson: No problem.  
 Jen: Well you sure look spiffy tonight. Where you headin'?  
 Dawson: Movies. It's the Rialto's last night.  
 Jen: You know my Grandma's going to that.  
 Dawson: Oh. So you aren't up to going?  
 Jen: No, I thought I would sit here and curse the world instead. So are you going with Joey?  
 Dawson: Yeah, who else?  
 Jen: So how did things work out between you guys? How are the two star-crossed lovers?  
 Dawson: *laughs* You know us, you know, we're just...Dawson and Joey. We'll always be Dawson and Joey. Whatever that means.  
 Jen: What about Dawson and Jen?  
 Dawson: I'd say I think you could use a friend right now more than anything else. How about it?  
 Jen: I'd like that.  
 *They hug.*  
 Dawson: I gotta go. But don't sit here and curse the world all evening. Okay? It's beautiful out. Bye.  
 
 
 
 *Cut to Joey sitting on the dock. Bessie walks up.*  
 Bessie: What are you doing here?  
 Joey: Nothing. Thinking about tonight.  
 Bessie: Oh, the first date. This will be interesting. *softly* Hey, what's wrong?  
 Joey: I don't know it just seems weird. I mean, Dawson and I on a date? Doesn't that seem weird to you?  
 Bessie: Well was it weird when you kissed?  
 Joey: No, that felt pretty right. But the thing is, it hasn't happened since then and it was yesterday.  
 Bessie: Well, that's not unusual, because the way I see it, the second kiss, it's always tougher than the first one.  
 Joey: We actually kissed more than once that night.  
 Bessie: Yeah, but it only counts as one and that first kiss. It's the passionate one. It's the one filled by desire and attraction, and all of that, but the second kiss is rational. You got time to worry, and over analyze and most women....they prefer that first kiss, but I'm partial to the second one because it's about something more. You'll get that second kiss Joey and when you do it'll be great. It'll be real. It'll be meaningful.  
 *Cut back and forth. Dawson heading to Joey's on a speedboat. Joey fixing her hair. Dawson heading to Joey's. Joey putting on makeup. Dawson coming to Joey's. Joey putting on a necklace and looking in the mirror. Joey is waiting outside and Dawson is walking and they smile when they see each other and he picks a flower.*  
 Joey: Hey.  
 Dawson: Hey. It's my first act as your date. I thought - chocolates, diamonds, convertables - but I settled for foliage.  
 Joey: Foliage is good.  
 Dawson: So should we go?  
 Joey: Yeah.  
 Dawson: Okay. I'm really glad we've already bipassed the end of the evening "Will she kiss me?" drama. So, um, it should pretty much me smooth sailing from here on out.  
 Joey: Yeah, but now you have to endure the agony of "Well, I've already kissed her so should we just check into a motel and go at it like p0rn stars?" anxiety.  
 Dawson: I, um, I think I can handle that.  
 Joey: Good because I know a good motel.  
 Dawson: How about, um, we start with something very simple? Something that goes beyond this month's Panelist's Forum?  
 Joey: And what would that be Dawson?  
 Dawson: I would really like to hold your hand.  
 Joey: Okay.  
 *They hold hands*  
 *Cut to the Rialto*  
 Dawson: I can't believe they're tearing this place down.  
 Joey: They'll probably put up something horrible that will make this place even more boring then it already is.  
 Dawson: I guess all our movie watching will have to be restricted to my bedroom then. Too bad for us.  
 Joey: A fate worse than death.  
 *They smile and then put on their "Should we kiss" faces. The lights dim and Joey turns towards the movie but she places her hand in Dawson's.*  
 *Cut to Pacey standing outside the Rialto.*  
 Pacey: *Whistles* Kristy....makes me Misty...by the end of the date she will have kissed me. *Frustrated/angry* When she gets here.  
 *Cut back to the theater and Jen enters and sits next to Dawson.*  
 Dawson: Jen? Hey.  
 Jen: I thought I'd take your advice and get out of the house for a little while.  
 Dawson: My advice? *He then turns to Joey and whispers* I don't know what she's talking about.  
 *Jen nods.*  
 Dawson: Isn't your grandma here?  
 Jen: Yeah, yeah, I just thought I'd come sit with you guys and thought that afterwards we could go to the Icehouse and grab some food. Unless I'm not welcome.  
 Dawson: No, it's not that you're not welcome at all it's just that--  
 Jen: No, I--you know, I shouldn't have come.  
 *She walks off.*  
 Dawson: No, Jen, Jen, Jen.  
 *He leans back in his seat and closes his eyes.*  
 Dawson: I'll be right back.  
 *Dawson once again leaves Joey alone.*  
 *Cut to the lobby.*  
 Jen: You know I was just thinking..  
 Dawson: Jen!  
 Jen: I was thinking that, um, that we actually went to our first date, at this theater, and now they're tearing it down. How's that for one of your metaphors.  
 Dawson: Jen, I'm really, really sorry if I made you feel like you couldn't stay with us, allright? it's just that Joey and I kinda have some--  
 Jen: *Cuts Dawson off* The whole time that we were dating, were you really wishing that you were with Joey instead?  
 Dawson: What? No.  
 Jen: It seems a little sad, really, that I was the girl who's sole purpose was to allow you figure out who you were really in love with.  
 Dawson: Jen, please don't think of it like that, I mean, you and I had fun, we just...  
 Jen: No, we did, but I held you off. I pushed you away. And I basically ran you out of my life in the midst of all that fun. So I guess it serves me right I lost ya.  
 Dawson: You haven't lost me. I want to be a part of your life. I want to be your--  
 Jen: Friend?  
 Dawson: I'm sorry.  
 Jen: Sorry? Yeah...from being the girl next door...to the object of your affection...to the third wheel. It's been quite a ride Dawson.  
 Dawson: Jen, don't even think about this now. I mean, give yourself some time. Let yourself heal. You and I will work this all out eventually.  
 Jen: Give yourself some time? I just want to be your friend? You have to say those things, Dawson.  
 Dawson: No, I don't! I meant it!  
 Jen: Just do me one favor. All I ask, is that you don't jump Joey right away.  
 Dawson: I'm not going to jump anybody, Jen!  
 Jen: 'Cause honestly, I don't think I could handle seeing the two of you together, it'd send me to razor blades or something.  
 Dawson: Don't even joke about that.  
 Jen: Why not? This whole thing's a joke. You, me, my whole life here.  
 Dawson: Jen, c'mon, don't!  
 *Dawson goes back to the movie theater only to find an empty seat with a flower on it.*  
 *Cut to Pacey flipping pennies into a fountain. Kristy walks up.*  
 Kristy: Pacey?  
 Pacey: Kristy! Hey! Wow, you made it! Great! Thanks for coming. Um, I was thinking we could go get a little bit of dinner. We're probably a little too late for the movie, but that's okay.  
 Kristy: Actually I can't stay. My boyfriend's waiting for me in the car.  
 Pacey: Excuse me?  
 Kristy: Tonight's our 5 week aniversary. He wasn't too stoked that I made plans. Listen, I just had to stop by and tell you how brave I think you are.  
 Pacey: Brave?  
 Kristy: I know it's supposed to be a secret but your friend Andie told me about your condition.  
 Pacey: I'm not really following you..  
 Kristy: And I just think it's really inspiring how you can still live a normal life through the constant cloud of death.  
 Pacey: The constant cloud of what?  
 Kristy: She told me about your heart stripe.  
 Pacey: My heart stripe...ah, that.  
 Kristy: Yeah, the stripe you have right across your heart and how at any moment it could just start strangling your heart and you stop breathing and die. She said you wanted to keep in a secret, no special treatment or anything. And I really respect that. See, I suffer from asthma, and I know how much I'd hate it if anybody treated me differently because of that.  
 Well, goodnight Pacey, and I really think that you're quite a guy.  
 Pacey: Don't mention it.  
 Boyfriend: CMON KRISTY LET'S GO!  
 Pacey: That didn't just happen.  
 *Cut to Rialto*  
 Grams: Jennifer! *waves*  
 Jen: Fancy meeting you here. So what are you off to now? Going to find a little action now that you're a single woman?  
 Grams: Now, Jennifer, don't say those things. I know you're upset about your grandfather but--  
 Jen: No, it's not just that. Well, look at me. I'm 16 years old, look what I've become. My parents couldn't stand me so they shipped me off to you. So here I am, living in this strange town without a friend to my name, and you know what the sad thing is? Is actually that you may be the best friend I've got. I'm just not all that sure that you like me.  
 Grams: Oh, Jennifer. I know we may bicker from time to time but I love you, and with your grandfather gone, you're all I have. You're my whole world.  
 Jen: Well if I'm all you got then I pity you too.  
 Grams: Oh, Jen.  
 *They hug.*  
 Jen: Did you like the movie?  
 Grams: Oh, well, they're not like they used to be, not like the one they showed on that first date with your grandfather. He brought me right here that night - The Rialto. You see, I didn't come tonight to watch the movie, I came to be with him.  
 Jen: I'm so sorry.  
 Grams: He was never as handsome as that night.  
 *Cut to Pacey in a store and he spots Andie and approaches her.*  
 Pacey: *Under his breath* Oh yeah.  
 Andie: Pacey! What are you doing here? Shouldn't you be in bed? Hooked up to a life support system?  
 Pacey: Very funny. What the hell's a heart stripe anyways?  
 Andie: I made it up. Pretty creative don't you think?  
 Pacey: Oh yeah. *laughs sarcastically*  
 Andie: Look, Pacey. I don't even know you, but if you thought for even one second that Kristy Livingstone was gonna dump her beautiful, All-State football boyfriend for you - a Sophomore with a heart stripe? - You're massively deluded.  
 Pacey: That's great. Why don't you just rub some SALT in this open, painful wound. You know, Kristy Livingstone, she was kind of like a metaphor. You understand, the same reason I dyed my hair. I was under the impression that I could overcome my unlucky ways BUT after what's happened tonight, obviously not. Back to the old Pacey, the black sheep, the loser, the brunette!  
 Andie: Well, I think you should dye your hair back. I mean, forgive me, but it looks hideous.  
 Pacey: Thanks.  
 Andie: Don't use that.  
 Pacey: Why not?  
 Andie: That's peroxide. That's going to strip your hair of all it's color. Here, use this. Put this in for twenty minutes, and rinse. That should do the trick.  
 Pacey: You're not pulling another little prank on me here...you know, I screw you, you screw me.  
 Andie: Guess you'll just have to take that chance, won't ya? Bye Officer Pacey!  
 *Cut to Gail and Mitch in the living room.*  
 Gail: I never thought I'd call my husband a liar.  
 Mitch: Excuse me?  
 Gail: So, tell me Mitch, why do you lie? What could you possibly gain from lying to me?  
 Mitch: G--, I have no idea what you're talking about.  
 Gail: You tell me everything is fine with us, you tell me nothing's the problem, that my worst fears are unfounded, yet, something tells me that's not what you're telling Drake, Witherspoon and Hall.  
 Mitch: It was one meeting.  
 Gail: Why? Because you want a divorce?  
 Mitch: Because I'm not sure I can stay married to a woman I love and hate in equal measure. The reason I went to see Drake is because I want to know what my options are.  
 Gail: Your options are you can either give me another chance wholeheartedly or go to Drake and write him a very large check and make our marriage another statistic. Do either one of those options sound appealing?  
 Mitch: Yes, I just don't know which one yet.  
 *Cut to Dawson walking up on Joey on a pier.*  
 Dawson: I was hoping you might be here. This is beginning to sound like a ridiculous reframe. Joey, you have to know that I don't have any of those feelings for Jen.  
 Joey: Dawson, it's okay.  
 Dawson: It is?  
 Joey: Yes. Do you want to know why I didn't go to France? 'Cause I wanted to so badly. I mean, in France I could have started over, you know. I wouldn't be Joey the waitress, or Joey the daughter of a convict, or Joey half of the "will they/won't they" couple of the century. I didn't go to France because it just seemed like the easy way out, you know? The easiest escape from my life, which in spite of a few highlights is pretty pathetic. But I didn't want to take that easy way out, Dawson. It just seemed like sticking around here would only make me stronger. Then there was you too. Dawson Leery, who finally got a clue. But I have to tell you Dawson, as complicated our friendship was, it doesn't even compare to how complicated whatever you and I have here is bound to be.  
 Dawson: Really? What you and I have may never be simple...but that doesn't mean that we're not going to be scorching. Besides, who's to say that you can't have some of France right here in Capeside, hum? Here we are along the river Sende', a tour of the il de la city, the favorite spot of lovers and friends. And from here we also have a view of the magnificent structure that we simplists here in Capeside like to call....ze swingset. Granted, It's no Eiffel Tower, but it's all we got.  
 *Joey starts swinging. Dawson sits down and they're facing opposite directions.*  
 Dawson: But don't forget about the other franc-o-fellow opportunities in town. French fries.  
 Joey: French toast.  
 Dawson: French doors.  
 *They french kiss.*  
 Joey: French kiss. The 2nd kiss, the rational one. The one that requires thought.  
 Dawson: You know I found out what they're replacing the Rialto with. A movie theater.  
 Joey: They're replacing one theater with another?  
 Dawson: Upgrade. Bigger seats, bigger screen, bigger sound. They say it's supposed to be great.  
 Joey: But why change something if it already works?  
 Dawson: Because maybe it will work even better. It's going to be so simple Joey. You know all this talk about a 2nd kiss?  
 Joey: Yeah.  
 Dawson: Well, it's kind of put me in the mood for a third.  
 Joey: Me too.  
 Dawson: I told you it was going to be simple.  
 *They kiss again*  
 *END* 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 