Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x06 - The Dance - Dawson's Creek 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x06 - The Dance https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=20&t=4559 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 destinyros2005  [ 11/29/98 18:58 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x06 - The Dance 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 EPISODE 206 
"DANCE" 
 Cast 
Dawson: James Van Der Beek 
Grams: Mary Beth Peil 
Joey: Kaite Holmes 
Bessie: Nina Repeta 
Pacey: Joshua Jackson 
Mitch: John Wesely Shipp 
Jen: Michelle Williams 
Gail: Mary-Margaret Humes 
Andie: Meredith Monroe 
Jack: Kerr Smith 
 Original Air Date: November 11, 1998 
 In this episode: School-spirited Andie somehow convinces her apathetic buddies to attend a Capeside High School dance, where each romantic entanglement is tested. Hoping the dance will help him forget about his parents' decision to separate, Dawson arrives in time to overhear Jack and Joey arguing about the kiss they shared a few days before. Meanwhile, Pacey maintains to Andie that he's not a dancer, but is later caught swaying in the arms of a beautiful upperclassmen.  
 Homecoming Dance 
 *Dawson's room: Andie is dancing and watching "Footloose" on Dawson's TV while Pacey, Dawson, and Joey sit on the bed and watch her dance and laugh.* 
 Andie: Oh my God! I love "Footloose"! Don't you guys love to dance? I am so excited about the homecoming dance next weekend. 
 Pacey: The homecoming dance? 
 *Andie nods* 
 Pacey: Oh my God, we're hanging out with Marcia Brady. 
 Andie: I don't understand. What's wrong with the school dance? 
 Dawson: I think what Pacey's actually saying is that we're not exactly the school dance type. 
 Joey: We'd rather watch a movie about a high school dance than actually set foot in an over-decorated gym. 
 Pacey: Actually, this enditement of high school conventions isn't limited to dances. It covers the whole spectrum of school-sponsored events. Case-in-point: Joey, how many high school football games have you been to? 
 Joey: None. 
 Pacey: Mm-hm. And Dawson? How many pep rallies have you loyally attended? 
 Dawson: Zero. 
 Pacey: Mm-hm. 
 Andie: Uh! You guys are a bunch of cynics, you know that? I mean, what kind of memories are you going to have if all you did in high school is bitch and moan about it? 
 Joey: Bitching memories. 
 Dawson: Moaning memories. 
 *Joey looks over and smiles at Dawson.* 
 Andie: You guys are completely sabotaging your high school experience. 
 Pacey: Guilty as charged. Now, Dawson, if you don't mind, could you turn the video back on? 'Cause I really want to see who's responsible for Kevin Bacon's rougueish, devil-maker, hair do(?). 
 *He smiles at Andie as the tape comes back on. Andie walks over and stands in front of the TV* 
 Andie: You mean you would rather watch a movie about something than doing it yourselves? 
 Dawson and Joey: Correct. 
 *Andie walks over and sits on the windowseat* 
 Andie: Okay, what about s*x? 
 *Dawson, Pacey, and Joey look over.* 
 Andie: I mean, you guys are missing a major opportunity here. Why do you think the (?) were so adament about outlawing dancing? They believed it to be sinful. 
 Dawson: Are you saying dancing equals s*x? 
 Andie: No. But dancing could possibly be really great foreplay. 
 *Joey looks at Dawson* 
 Pacey: I love the way you think. 
 Andie: So...who's going with me on Saturday? 
 *Joey looks at Dawson again and scratches her head. Pacey makes a face like 
'Whoa'* 
 *Cut to Bessie and Joey pulling up to Capeside High. Joey's getting out but she stops* 
 Bessie: Okay. We're here. You gonna get out? 
 Joey: I was thinking.. 
 *Bessie rolls her eyes* 
 Bessie: What is it this morning? General teen angst or something specific? 
 Joey: If I tell you something will you respond with nothing but sisterly advice and/or concern? 
 Bessie: Of course. 
 Joey: Okay...Jack kissed me. 
 *Bessie starts laughing* 
 Bessie: Oh my God! *laughing* 
 Joey: Look I don't think cackling qualifies as concern or advice. 
 Bessie: I'm sorry Joey, but Jack? Choreboy down at the Icehouse? 
 Joey: Yes. 
 Bessie: He kissed you? 
 Joey: It was nothing, really. It happened and then it was over. 
 Bessie: So what's the problem then? 
 Joey: Dawson? 
 Bessie: Oh...you didn't tell him, did you? 
 Joey: No. I mean, here's the thing. I mean, this is a classic example of what I would tell Dawson, the friend, but since Dawson, the friend, has become Dawson, the boyfriend, the concept of newsworthy events has become a little blurry. 
 Bessie: Okay, look. Here's the way I see it. Jack kissed you, right? It was a 1 way kiss, right? 
 Joey: Yeah. 
 Bessie: Surprise whenever(?), completely uninvited, all-in-all no big deal. You didn't do anything wrong. Don't beat yourself up over it. If you want my advice, just put it behind you, concentrate on Dawson, pretend it didn't happen. 
 Joey: What didn't happen? 
 Bessie: Exactly. 
 Joey: Thanks, Bess. See ya! 
 Bessie: Okay 
 *She drives off* 
 *Cut to Abby and Jen* 
 Abby: No way those are real. 
 Jen: What? You think those are man-made? 
 Abby: Yes! Jen, please! Physical enhancement caters not only to size. It can improve shape, direction, perk factor..that girls had some work done. 
 Jen: Yeah, well, Brett sure doesn't seem to mind. 
 Abby: Oh, please. Brett Tompkins is just a dim bulb with good hair and tight pants. A classic him-bo. In other words, perfect. 
 Jen: If that's your type. 
 Abby: Aw, what's the matter, Jen? Brett's too much man not enough touchy-feely film amateur(?). Full market down(?). Come Saturday night, Brett and Kristy will be history. Saturday, Brett will be mine. 
 Jen: Abby, that's pathetic. You're going to the homecoming dance to hit on somebody else's boyfriend? 
 Abby: Well, my guidance counselor told me to set goals for myself. 
 Jen: You're on your own. 
 Abby: Fine. Suit yourself. Stay at home and read Scripture with Grandma. Brett and I will drop you a line from Vegas. 
 *Cut to Brett and Kristy.* 
 Brett: Don't pull me away like I'm some stupid dog on a leash! 
 Kristy: Well, how about acknowledging me when you see me outside, huh! 
 *Dawson walks by listening to them heading towards Joey at her locker.* 
 Dawson: Promise me we will never air a relationship crisis about anything like that. I can't think of anything more embarressing and immature. 
 Joey: Deal. 
 Dawson: Okay. 
 *They kiss* 
 Dawson: Now, remind me again how Andie McPhee convinced us to go to this homecoming dance. 
 Joey: I think by promising us that dancing always ends in taudry smud-action(?). 
 Dawson: Oh. Could that possibly be our first mention of s*x since we've been together? 
 Joey: Possibly. 
 Dawson: Why is that? When we were friends we talked about s*x all the time. 
 Joey: I think because we wanted to ease into the subject to make the transition from friend to lover..unconfusing. 
 Dawson: Ah, if we are confused about the transition from friend to lover, I can only think of one thing that would truly cinch it. 
 Joey: What do you suggest? 
 Dawson: That you put on your dancing shoes. 
 *Joey smiles* 
 *Jen and Abby walk by* 
 Jen: Hey guys. 
 Dawson: Hey Jen. 
 Abby: Wipe the drool, Dawson. 
 Joey: I don't like the two of them being so chummy. I mean, Abby is not a good influence for Jen. 
 Dawson: *laughing* Is this genuine concern I'm hearing for Jen Lindley? 
 Joey: Well, I feel sorry for her, I mean, her grandpa just died. Maybe we should invite her to the dance. I mean, we're going as a group. Might be fun for her. 
 Dawson: Joey Potter, I applaude you. You earn major humanity points for this. 
 *Joey smiles and shrugs* 
 Dawson: But, um, don't you think it may make her feel worse than she already does? 
 Joey: I don't know. All I know is that it's really hard to lose a family member, Dawson, and I just think it might be fun for her. It's up to you. Your call. 
 Dawson: I'll see you later. 
 Joey: Okay. 
 *They kiss* 
 *Joey sees Jack enter the building and stares and then turns and walks away.* 
 *Cut to Andie and Pacey outside* 
 Pacey: So since I'm in charge of transportation Saturday, would you like me to pick you up at your house or meet somewhere. 
 Andie: Let's meet somewhere. 
 Pacey: Cool. How's your mother doing anyway? 
 Andie: She's having a good week. 
 Pacey: Listen, Andie, if there's ever anything I can do, you can just ask me, right? 
 Andie: So Witter. I hope you have your dancing moves polished and ready 
'cause I plan on making a dancing fool outta you. 
 Pacey: Sorry, McPhee, no can do, I don't dance. 
 Andie: What do you mean you don't dance? 
 Pacey: I mean, I don't like it and I'm really not any good at it. I mean, it's bad enough that I'm just going on Saturday but don't expect me to get out there and start bustin' a move 'cause it's just not going to happen. 
 Andie: You don't dance. You are beyond immature. 
 Pacey: You're overbearing. 
 Andie: Boring. 
 Pacey: Hyper-sensitive. 
 Andie: Vulgar. 
 Pacey: Pick you up at 7? 
 Andie: Great. 
 Pacey: Okay. 
 *Dawson walks up* 
 Dawson: Are you two having a spat? 
 Pacey: No, just our usual passive-aggressive banter. 
 Dawson: Okay. 
 Andie: No, actually we were talking about the dance, and, hey, if you guys don't mind, I'd really like to invite my brother Jack to come along. You know, he's kind of a loner and I think it would be good for him. 
 Dawson: Actually, why don't we also invite Jen Lindley? 
 Andie: Jack and Jen? A set-up. 
 Dawson: I mean, I'm not sure they're a perfect match but they're both single. 
 Andie: I like it. 
 Pacey: No, guys. This is a bad idea. 
 Dawson: You never know. It could work! 
 Andie: Let's do it. 
 Pacey: No, don't, come on. Whenever you fix up two people who don't even know each other, it's a recipe for disaster. This can only end badly. I promise you. Please. 
 Andie: I'll set it up. 
 Dawson: Great. 
 Andie: Buh-bye. 
 Pacey: Am I invisible? 
 *Cut to Dawson's house. Dawson's parents are on the porch. Dawson walks in.* 
 Dawson: Hi. 
 Mitch: Dawson, have a seat. 
 Dawson: Okay. What's going on? 
 Mitch: Well, I know things got a little out of hand the other night, and, well, I'm not sure what the segway is here, but your mother and I, after much talk, after much consideration, have decided-- 
 Gail: Um, honey, sometimes you focus so hard on the solution that when you step away and you pull back, only then does the solution truly appear. 
 Mitch: Yes. Right. And as improbable as this approach might seem, sometimes it's the only one left and, um, and in this case, it's the only one left. 
 Gail: What we're trying to say is that...is that 
 Mitch: Your mother and I have decided to spend some time apart. 
 Dawson: Well, it looks like you two have given this quite a bit of careful thought. 
 Gail: Yes, we have. 
 Dawson: And the suggestion from me for you to go back to counseling wouldn't make any difference. 
 Mitch: We've tried it. 
 Dawson: So my suggestion that you make a more concerted effort at trying to find a solution. Maybe improve communication, possibly, family outings, truth syrum. 
 Mitch: Dawson, your opinion is important to us and we love you. But we're not open to suggestions on this one. This is a conclusion. A conclusion that we've reached. 
 Dawson: Yeah, well I conclude that your conclusion sucks. 
 *Dawson walks off* 
 *Cut to Jack and Andie* 
 Jack: Why didn't you just let Pacey pick us up at the house? 
 Andie: You know why, Jack. 
 Jack: Did you strap Mom in for the evening? 
 Andie: It's not funny. 
 Jack: She's not getting any better, you know? 
 Andie: You know, Jack, I want a night off. Just one night off. One attempt at fun. Can we do that please? 
 Jack: Well, maybe I shouldn't be around, I'll just bring you down, Andie. I hate dances. I don't do good at these things. 
 Andie: Don't be silly. It will be fun, okay? Besides, it's time we got you out and you met some of Capeside's cuties. And who knows? You might meet the woman of your dreams tonight. 
 Jack: Maybe. Maybe I already have. 
 Andie: Oh good, here's Pacey. 
 *Pacey pulls up in his cop car* 
 Jack: Quite a car. 
 Andie: It's his dad's. They have a complex relationship. 
 *Cut to Mitch loading suitcases into the jeep* 
 Mitch: Look, I should get going. Gail, this is just a trial, okay? Only temporary. 
 Gail: Absolutely. Only temporary. Um, look, are there rules? Can we talk to each other? 
 Mitch: Of course we can talk to each other! You can call me whenever you need to. 
 Gail: Go. 
 Mitch: Bye Gail. 
 *He leaves and Gail starts crying* 
 *Cut to Dawson coming down the stairs into the kitchen where his mom is cutting onions.* 
 Dawson: Mom, are you alright? 
 Gail: *with hints in her voice that she's been crying* Uh, yeah, Dawson, I'm fine. It's just the onions. 
 Dawson: Mom, I don't have to go to this dance. I'll stay home if you want me to. 
 Gail: No, honey, everything's fine. I'm fine. 
 Dawson: Can you turn around and tell me that? 
 Gail: Why don't you go pick up Joey, honey? So you're not late for the dance. Go on. 
 Dawson: Okay. 
 *He leaves* 
 *Cut to the school.* 
 Andie: The light was clearly red, Pacey. 
 Pacey: Oh no, it was turning red. I agree with you, red means stop. But if a light's turning red it's like an invitation to hit the gas. 
 Andie: What? Dawson, Joey, hey! Dawson, you know my brother, Jack. 
 Dawson: Yeah, we've met, unofficially. 
 Andie: And Joey? 
 *Joey nods and smiles, obviously awkward* 
 Pacey: So... 
 Dawson: Jen, hey! 
 *Jen walks up* 
 Jen: Dawson...everybody. 
 Andie: Jen, this is Jack, my brother. 
 Jen: Hi Jack, Andie's brother. 
 Jack: Um, it's just Jack. 
 Andie: So shall we? 
 Joey: *to Dawson* Let's go. 
 Dawson: Ready? 
 Joey: Yeah. 
 
 
 
 *Cut to people dancing. timelapse. more dancing. Joey and Dawson are dancing and Dawson dips Joey and they smile and laugh. Jack and Andie are dancing and Andie waves Pacey to come dance and he shakes his head no. Cut to Abby walking towards Jen.* 
 Abby: So. You decided to slum it after all. 
 Jen: Hey Abby. 
 Abby: I have to tell you, I love your dress. In fact, I have the same one...in a smaller size. 
 *Cut to Joey and Dawson dancing. Joey bumps into Jack* 
 Joey: Sorry. 
 Jack: My fault. 
 *slow song comes on* 
 Dawson: Ah, more my speed. 
 *Cut to Andie getting Jen* 
 Andie: Jen, I have an idea. Why don't you dance with my brother Jack? 
 Jen: Hi Brother Jack. 
 Jack: It's actually just plain Jack...plain Jack. 
 Jen: Oh, well let me ask you something just plain Jack. Do you get the feeling we're being set up here? 
 *Jack looks over and Andie and Pacey. Andie waves enthusiastically.* 
 Jack: Yeah. What makes you say that? 
 *Cut to Pacey and Andie* 
 Andie: Yeah, she's cute. 
 Pacey: She's cute...he's cute..they've never met before, they're completely opposites and it's going to get ugly in about 20 minutes. 
 Andie: Nu-uh. 
 Pacey: Uh-huh. 
 *Cut back to Dawson and Joey dancing* 
 Dawson: So my dad drove off leaving my mom crying over the kitchen sink. God, what I wouldn't give now for them to go back to their coffee table s*x antics. 
 Joey: I'm sorry, Dawson. 
 Dawson: You know, I'm just going to let them work out their adolescent traumas on their own. Steer clear, but there is a bright side. 
 Joey: What's that? 
 Dawson: The coffee table's now available. 
 *Cut to Jack and Jen dancing. Dawson is watching while he dances* 
 Dawson: Well, well, well. I dare say they like each other. 
 Joey: Jack and Jen? 
 Dawson: Mm-hm. Andie and I played matchmaker tonight. 
 Joey: Why would you do that Dawson? That's the stupidest thing I've ever heard of. 
 Dawson: They both need to meet new people. They're both single. 
 Joey: Yeah, but Jack is this nice, sweet guy and Jen is this baracuda. It would never work. 
 Dawson: Why are you getting so worked up about this? 
 Joey: I'm not worked up, I just have an opinion that's all. 
 Dawson: Well, alert the media. 
 *They kiss* 
 *Cut to Pacey and Andie* 
 Andie: Come on, Pacey, what do you say? Wanna dance? 
 Pacey: I told you McPhee. I don't dance. 
 Andie: I don't believe you. I think you're holding out on me in some power move to keep control in this relationship. 
 Pacey: What relationship? 
 Andie: Ha ha. Come on, please, just a slow dance. 
 Pacey: I told you, McPhee. I don't dance. This includes dances of all speeds, all types, and all cultures, including, but not limited to, fast dances, slow dances, and whatever Patrick Swayze was doing in Dirty Dancing. 
 Andie: You know, Pacey, you can be so stubborn sometimes. Fine. If you don't want to dance with me, I'll just find someone who will. 
 Pacey: Don't hurt the poor guy, would ya? 
 *Pacey watches Kristy Livingstone dance with Brett.* 
 *Cut to a slow song. Andie walks up to Jack and Jen.* 
 Andie: Okay, time to switch partners. 
 Jen: Actually, um, I think I'm going to go outside and get some air, but thanks for the dance, Jack. 
 Jack: Sure anytime Jen. Andie: *she takes Jack over to Dawson and Joey* 
Okay, Dawson, guess it's just you and me because I do not intend to spend the entire evening dancing with my brother, so Jack, sweep your boss off her feet. 
 *Andie and Dawson start dancing and Joey just stands there. It's awkward* 
 Jack: So..uh..it's..*he puts his hands on her waist and she still just stands there* 
 Jack: Look, Joey, I know you've been avoiding me. 
 Joey: I haven't been avoiding you Jack! 
 Jack: No, it's, I want you to know I take full responsibility. 
 Joey: Full responsibility? 
 Jack: For kissing you. I crossed the line. 
 Joey: Yeah, you did, Jack. Because I have a boyfriend and you know that. And now because of kissing you, I feel guilty over nothing. In fact, I don't even think we should be having this conversation. 
 *She walks off and Dawson watches her and Jack follows* 
 *Cut to the hall. Joey is leaning against a wall. Jack comes out* 
 Joey: Did I mention that you weren't supposed to follow me? 
 Jack: I just want to apoligize. 
 Joey: Okay, you apoligized. Noted. 
 Jack: Wait, what are you so angry about? 
 Joey: Why am I so angry? Because you didn't respect me or my relationship.What you did was so rude and inappropriate. 
 Jack: No, no, I think there's something else going on here. 
 Joey: What? 
 Jack: It's all this anger you're expressing. It doesn't make any sense. It doesn't add up. 
 Joey: What are you talking about? 
 Jack: I don't think you're angry at me for kissing you. I think you're angry at yourself for kissing me back. 
 *Jack turns to walk away and Dawson is standing there with an angered expression. Joey notices and her face falls. She runs to the bathroom* 
 *Cut to the dance room. Abby is dancing with Brett* 
 Abby: You know what I admire most about you, Brett? That you work each of your muscle groups equally. 
 *Cut to Jen and Andie* 
 Jen: Um, I wanted to thank you for inviting me tonight. I actually had a surprisingly good time. 
 Andie: Why are you talking in past tense I mean the party's still going. 
 Jen: I think it's about over for me. If you don't mind, I think I'm going to head home. 
 Andie: Mind? Of course, I mind. We were just in the middle of a very interesting conversation sharing and getting to know each other and now you want to leave, just like that? 
 *Jack walks up* 
 Jack: I think I'm going to take off. 
 Andie: Perfect! You can walk Jen home. 
 Jack: Yeah. You wanna go? 
 *Dawson comes up.* 
 Dawson: Jack, what the hell happened? 
 Jack: Look you really need to talk to Joey about this. 
 Dawson: Yeah, I'm asking you. 
 Jack: Look, it was a weird night. The moon was full. It just happened. 
 Dawson: You kissed my girlfriend. 
 Jack: Yeah, I did. I'm not going to apoligize for it, man, cause truth is, I'd do it again so let's just not make this into a high school romp alright? 'Cause neither of us are the type. 
 *Dawson slugs Jack* 
 Andie: Oh my God! 
 Jen: Dawson, what are you doing?! 
 *Dawson walks off* 
 Abby: Nice punch, champ. I never knew he had so much testosterone. 
 *Cut to Pacey walking out of the men's restroom and he sees Kristy standing in the hallway.* 
 Pacey: Uh...hey Kristy! What are you doing out here all by yourself? 
 Kristy: Thinking, you know. 
 Pacey: About what? 
 Kristy: The usual. Why my boyfriend will flirt with anything in a short skirt and why his self esteem won't stop him. 
 Pacey: Well, if you need a boost you came to the right place. I know about 
800 guys who would line up to replace Brett if he exited the picture. And that's just in this school. If you added the neighboring school districts we could probably triple that number. 
 Kristy: Right.. 
 Pacey: Are you joking? Look, I may not hang out with the beautiful people of Capeside but I like to think that I have the finger on a pulse of the common man and, believe me, that pulse quickens considerably when you walk by. 
 Kristy: You're embarressing me, Pacey. 
 Pacey: I'm sorry. I just, I thought you should know. Well, have a good night Kristy. 
 Kristy: Pacey? 
 Pacey: Yeah? 
 Kristy: Are you one of them? 
 Pacey: Excuse me? 
 Kristy: I was just wondering if you were one of those quick pulses. 
 Pacey: Yeah. Of course I am. I think you're incredible Kristy. You already know that. 
 Kristy: You know, as lame as school dances can be, there's always that one moment that seems to make it worth while. So, what do you say Pacey? Will you dance with me? 
 Pacey: Yeah. 
 *They start dancing. Cut to Mitch in his hotel room staring at the phone. Gail in the Leery house sitting there. The phone rings* 
 Gail: Hello? Hello? 
 Mitch: Would you believe that I now have access to the Home Shopping Network 24 hours a day? 
 Gail: *laughs* Hi. 
 Mitch: How are ya? 
 Gail: We have a big house. I never realized just how big our house was until tonight. I, um, I can still call it our house, can't I? 
 Mitch: Yes. It is our house. 
 Gail: I don't know, Mitch. I don't know if I can do this. 
 Mitch: Yes you can because you have to 
 Gail: But why? Why do I have to? 
 Mitch: Because no matter how big our house is, right now it's far too small for the two of us. 
 Gail: Well, just remember, Mitch. The door to this house is always open. 
 Mitch: I will. Have a good night, Gail. 
 Gail: Bye. 
 *They hung up. Cut to Andie, Jack, and Jen* 
 Andie: Are you guys going to get home okay? 
 Jack: Yeah, we'll be fine. Nice work on the punch. 
 Andie: Yeah, I see. Well, you better get out of here in case he wants a rematch. 
 *They start to walk off* 
 Jack: Hey, um, I'm sorry. 
 Andie: *to Jen* You take care of him, okay? 
 Jen: 'Kay. Bye. 
 *Andie sees Pacey dancing with Kristy and she runs off as Pacey sees her* 
 *Cut to Dawson exiting the school and Joey sits on the steps and follows him* 
 Joey: Dawson...Dawson! Where are you going? 
 Dawson: Home. 
 Joey: No, look, I want to talk about this. 
 Dawson: First you run away and now you want to talk. 
 Joey: No, about the kiss. 
 Dawson: I know all about the kiss. 
 Joey: No you don't! 
 Dawson: Joey, you kissed somebody else! What is there to know? 
 Joey: It wasn't like th-- he kissed me and I just didn't... 
 Dawson: Stop him. 
 Joey: Look, Dawson, I'm sorry, okay? It was a mistake. A poor error in judgement and that's it. And for you to blow this into some earth shattering scene of cinematic proportions-- 
 Dawson: Now, wait a minute! You're not going to do that to me. 
 Joey: Do what? 
 Dawson: Use who I am against me to divert from the fact you screwed up. 
 Joey: I said I was sorry what else do you want me to say? 
 Dawson: There's nothing you can say, Joey! There's no justifiable reason for a girl who spent the last 15 years of her life pretending that I was the only thing she wanted ended up kissing some other guy and lying about it. 
 Joey: I didn't lie to you Dawson. That kiss was not my doing. 
 Dawson: Not your doing? 
 Joey: Yeah! 
 Dawson: What did you physically leave your body the moment your lips touched his? 
 Joey: Don't do this. Don't punish me just to make yourself feel better. 
 Dawson: So I'm the bad guy. 
 Joey: Yeah, I guess you are. 
 Dawson: You cheat on me and I'm the bad guy! 
 Joey: Yes! Don't you get it? This isn't about some stupid kiss, Dawson! 
 Dawson: It's about us. 
 Joey: No! It's about me! For once, it's about me, Dawson, and that's what I've been trying to tell you! 
 *Dawson notices a group has gathered to listen to them bicker and he walks off leaving Joey* 
 *Cut to Jen and Jack and Jen's house* 
 Jen: Well, this is my stop. 
 Jack: Alright, um.. 
 Jen: Oh my goodness, it's really starting to swell. 
 Jack: Yeah, um, I made a scene when I should of just left things alone. 
 Jen: You really like her, don't ya? 
 Jack: What makes you say that? 
 Jen: Well, I can't think of a guy who'd take a punch like that over a girl he doesn't even like. 
 Jack: Well, maybe I have no chance, but I've always been sort of a sucker for lost causes so.. 
 Jen: You're a romantic. There's nothing wrong with that. 
 Jack: Romantic? That's like a nice word for loser. 
 *Jen laughs* 
 Jen: Ice...you should really get some ice on that. And I should.. 
 Jack: Really go inside. 
 Jen: Hey, you know, Jack, um, I had a really good time tonight and I think I've got you to thank for that. 
 Jack: Why? I didn't do anything. 
 Jen: No but when you were with me, you did a really good job of pretending you didn't want to be with somebody else. 'Night. 
 Jack: Goodnight Jen. 
 Jen: Jack? 
 Jack: Yeah? 
 Jen: Keep fighting for your lost causes. You never know when your luck might change. 
 *Cut to Mitch Leery pulling up in his car and looking through the window at Gail. He drives away. Cut to Andie on the dock. Pacey walks up* 
 Andie: I thought you didn't dance, Pacey. 
 Pacey: You know, I've been looking for you. I've been looking everywhere for ya. 
 Andie: You said you didn't dance, Pacey. 
 Pacey: What? Did you see me out there? You can hardly call that dancing. 
 Andie: You're right. I call it foreplay. But then again, we don't owe any explanations to each other, do we? We're just sparring partners right? We don't mean any more to each other than that. 
 Pacey: That's not true. You know that's not true, Andie. I mean, I was having a wonderful time with you tonight. I was. It's just when I ran into Kristy, I just...I got swept up in the moment. 
 Andie: Well, it's too bad I'm not the kind of girl who can sweep you away. 
 Pacey: Come on, Andie, come on. You know that's not what I meant. It's just Kristy..she's like a fantasy. Don't tell me you've never wanted to act out a fantasy. Even if just for a moment. 
 Andie: Yeah I was trying to act out a fantasy all night. 
 Pacey: Why do you like me? 
 Andie: What? 
 Pacey: Why do you like me? I'm a screw up, Andie. I'm thoughtless. I'm insecure. And for the life of me, I can not understand why I woman like you would bother to care about me. 
 Andie: God, I don't know, Pacey, because you're funny and you're kind and you don't judge people. You make me feel good about myself. I mean, you didn't run screaming from the house the other day when you met my crazy ol' 
mother. And you're smart. I mean, I don't know where you get this whole loser complex because you are so smart. And you spar better with me than anyone. And you're sharp, and you're witty, and you're brilliant. And this is more than you deserve right now. 
 Pacey: I know, I know. Andie, I know. I'm really, truly sorry. I am. I'm sorrier than I've been in a long time. The moment that I spent with Kristy, the moment that's going to make the whole night worth while, I was with the wrong person. I want to spend that moment with you. 
 Andie: Well, we're certainly having one now, aren't we? 
 Pacey: Would you please dance with me Miss McPhee? 
 Andie: I'd love to. 
 *They start dancing* 
 Pacey: Sharp, witty, and brilliant, huh? Anything you care to add to that? 
 Andie: If you think I find this charming, Pacey, you're majorly deluded. 
 Pacey: Of course not, how could you? I'm a witless boar. 
 Andie: Oafish clod. 
 Pacey: Major cat. Kiss me? 
 Andie: Thought you'd never ask. 
 *They kiss* 
 *Cut to Dawson's room. He enters and Joey's sitting there and she's obviously been crying* 
 Dawson: Joey.. 
 Joey: Dawson, I am so sorry. 
 Dawson: What happened Joey? 
 Joey: I told you, Jack kissed me and-- 
 Dawson: No, not Jack. This is not about Jack. About us. What is going on between us? 
 Joey: I don't know, Dawson. 
 Dawson: Ever since we got together I feel like you've been pulling away from me. I thought this was what you wanted, you know? I thought I was what you wanted. 
 Joey: You are. 
 Dawson: Am I? 
 Joey: You're what I'm going to want, Dawson. 
 Dawson: What does that mean? 
 Joey: For so long, all I've thought about was you. All I dreamed about was you. 
 Dawson: What happened? 
 Joey: I got my dream and now I feel like I don't have anything else. I mean, you have your future so perfectly planned, Dawson, you know exactly what you want to do, what you want to accomplish, and I don't even know who I am, let alone who I want to be or accomplish and I need to figure that out. I need to find my something. 
 Dawson: So go find it. 
 Joey: It can't include you, Dawson. It has to be my doing, and mine alone. You make me so happy, you know? But I have to make myself happy first. That's probably the one thing in this whole world that you can't do for me. 
 Dawson: So what are you saying? 
 *Joey gets up and heads towards the window. Dawson gets up confused* 
 Dawson: Joey? Joey, no, Joey! I..I love you. 
 *Joey turns around. She walks back towards him* 
 Joey: I love you, too, Dawson. 
 *They start to lean in to kiss but Joey stops herself and turns back towards the window* 
 Dawson: Wait, b-b-but how can it be over? We can't just say I love you for the first time and have it be over! 
 Joey: I have to go, Dawson. Goodnight. 
 *Joey climbs out the window and leans up against the house with her eyes closed. Dawson is mad and he flings stuff in his room and then he climbs out the window and watches Joey run away towards her house. He kicks the ladder down in anger.* 
 END 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 