Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x07 - The Heart of It - Janet King 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x07 - The Heart of It https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=608&t=27012 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/05/16 08:14 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x07 - The Heart of It 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Who killed my husband? 
 (GUNSHOT) 
 (WOMAN SCREAMS) 
 I promised to give you answers as we found them. 
 So you still don't know? 
 This royal commission of yours is set up to protect us from gun violence and you're going to send my youngest boy to face the bullets of ISIS? 
 Shame on you, Miss King! 
 Man : "Tell her about Filipetti." 
 Advising on ways to avoid criminal charges... 
 That is perverting the course of justice, Miss King. 
 Did you know about the corruption commission? 
 Obviously, Lincoln's behind it. 
 It's not too late to pull out. 
 Your safety is paramount. 
 Hey. 
 Great things never came from comfort zones. 
 That gun was used in two other crimes - the kneecapping of Felix Murphy and the murder of Ashleigh Larsson. 
 We need to find a way to get to someone who knows who brought in that first lot of guns and if no-one's picking up the container, that someone is Felix. 
 Whoever you owed money to paid him. 
 And that person? 
 He's up to his eyeballs in the drive-bys, the kneecappings, the murders. 
 Who lent you the money? 
 Man : And I'm investing in resources and infrastructure for the community that gave me a start. 
 You do exactly the same, Patrick, unless you're outbid. 
 I don't create a mass of gambling addicts to fund a personal edifice. 
 It's a leisure centre! 
 Bullshit! It's halfway to a casino! 
 So who's really behind this? 
 I guess we'll find out when someone comes to collect it. 
 This was the last guy Simon hooked up with. 
 After this, he deleted the app. 
 Robbie Carter? 
 How's that for a coincidence? 
 That's not a coincidence. 
 It can't be. 
 (THEME MUSIC) 
 Woman : Mr Carter, do you know why you're here today? 
 My wife's close to death because some drug dealer rammed her car and what's Janet King do - she sends me a summons. 
 Who are the criminals here? 
 It's not my wife, it's not me. 
 How is your wife, Mr Carter? 
 She's deteriorating and if she dies alone in hospital while I'm caught up in this circus I'm gonna be so pissed off. 
 What do we think? 
 Maybe he knew Todd was using Simon's credit card, figured he'd dumped him for a younger man. 
 Simple old-fashioned jealousy? 
 Just got to catch him in a lie, take it from there. 
 Owen : Mr Carter, have you ever been in possession of a firearm? 
 Firearm? 
 A gun. 
 What sort of gun? 
 Any gun. 
 A gun that shoots bullets and can injure or kill someone. 
 Have you ever had one? 
 I'm not looking for an essay on string theory here. 
 It's a straightforward question. 
 Yes or no, Mr Carter? 
 Uh, yeah. 
 What sort? 
 It's, um... Actually, it's plastic. 
 What, like a water pistol? 
 No, it's 3D. 
 You mean 3D printed? 
 Mm. 
 And did you print this gun yourself? 
 I got it from a friend. 
 Whose name is...? 
 I can't remember exactly. 
 It wasn't a close friend. 
 He was more a mate of a mate... 
 Let me take a stab in the dark and see if I can help you out. 
 Was it Simon Hamilton? 
 You do know Major Simon Hamilton? 
 A bit. 
 Why did he give you a plastic gun? 
 I think, um... 
 ..there's no real reason. 
 He was just talking about it, they weren't any good for the army, I was curious, so he said, "Here you go. Have it." 
 Right. Where is it now? 
 It's at home in the bedroom. 
 Where exactly? 
 The top shelf of the wardrobe. 
 Right. 
 How would you describe your relationship with Major Hamilton? 
 Casual. 
 Really? 
 How did you meet? 
 I forget. 
 Well, let me see if I can help you out again. 
 (BEEPS) 
 That's a photograph of you on a dating app deleted from Simon Hamilton's phone. 
 That is how you met. 
 Yeah, OK. So what the hell has this got to do with firearm crime? 
 Eh? Do you think you can just trawl through everyone's private life? 
 So you're sure your relationship was casual? 
 Yeah, it was casual. 
 Yeah, it was physical, but it was casual! 
 Jeez, what is this? 
 Is this f*ckin' 1970? 
 Did you shoot Todd Wilson on the 26th of January? 
 No. I don't even know who that is. 
 OK. If not, where were you? 
 On the evening of the 26th of January, before you found out about your wife's accident, where were you? 
 I was with Simon. 
 Thank you, Mr Carter. 
 Janet : Do we believe him? 
 Woman : Could explain why Hamilton's security system was off. 
 Or if he knew it was off, he knows it's an alibi we can't disprove for Todd's shooting. 
 Convenient. 
 Searching Robbie's house. 
 No sign of a weapon yet. 
 Certainly not in his wardrobe. 
 So he took it, used it and now he's scrambling for a cover story. 
 And remember, Simon's number was in Brett Bonar's phone. 
 As was Bao Long's - the man we now know loaned Felix Murphy 80 grand. 
 So... what? We think Bao ordered Brett to shoot Felix? 
 Probably, but that doesn't mean he's behind the importation. 
 Or knows who else used that gun. 
 They probably all are. 
 (PHONE RINGS) 
 I think there's something big here. 
 I can smell it. And we've got something to use against Simon now. 
 You going to take that or...? 
 (RINGING STOPS) 
 See if the major can come in this afternoon. 
 I'll be back in an hour or two. 
 Man : It's quite simple, really. 
 Our State Corruption Commission is about to tell you that Wednesday next week is the public hearing into your alleged misconduct. 
 I felt the least I could do was give you the courtesy of forewarning. 
 Sporting gesture. 
 Respect for the condemned, one might say. 
 Not that you're predicting the outcome. 
 Oh, the actual findings don't really matter. 
 The inevitable outcome, regardless of the findings, being that by the end of the hearing your reputation will be torn to pieces. 
 I hope you'll offer me a drink if you invited me just to say that. 
 Let's just cut to the chase, shall we? 
 The SCC's charter is to investigate public figures. 
 Now, if you were no longer a public figure - say, if you were to resign as royal commissioner, retire from the bar - then I could instruct the SCC not to proceed. 
 I just felt it was only fair to give you enough time to consider your position. 
 Generous to a fault. 
 Oh, that's my middle name - 
 Generosity. 
 What did you want, Lincoln? 
 Did you ever want me to succeed? 
 My agenda is what benefits me and is what's best for the Government. 
 Quick success by you would have achieved both those goals. 
 You know, in the beginning, I really hoped you would find who was behind all this nonsense. 
 But the longer you went on without any success at all, the more my agenda could only be achieved by giving the public your head. 
 That's the simple truth. 
 So really I have two choices - 
 I either resign from public life or produce a sudden success so you can claim a glorious victory. 
 Well, technically, yes, although I'm assuming the second option is completely unrealistic at this point and certainly beyond your power to control it anyway. 
 So that only leaves... 
 ..resignation. 
 Or a completely ruined reputation. 
 The state's corruption watchdog has you in their crosshairs. 
 When will you resign from the royal commission? 
 Not today, thank you. 
 Have you lost the Premier's confidence, Commissioner King? 
 Have you spoken to the Attorney-General yet? 
 Owen : So you still won't say who you were with or where you were. 
 It's getting harder to remember, actually. 
 It was Australia Day, Major Hamilton, not any ordinary day of the week. 
 You know American psychologists ran a test on 3,000 witnesses of 9/11? 
 Yes, I'm aware of that. 
 They all thought they'd never forget who they were with. 
 They were interviewed a day later, one year later, two years... 
 Three years, yes, and they were only 57% accurate. 
 Though they swore that their memory of that day was crystal clear. 
 Great. But we're talking about a couple of months ago. 
 And the thing is, we have evidence from another witness saying he was with you that night. 
 Do you have any idea who that might be? 
 He might have just thought he was with me. Memory is unreliable. 
 OK, let's come back to that in a second. 
 How about we deal with an indisputable fact? 
 Earlier in January, your mobile was called by a phone belonging to a man called Brett Bonar. 
 That phone call lasted nine minutes. 
 Do you recall talking to Mr Bonar? 
 No. 
 Well, this memory thing's tricky, isn't it? 
 OK, let me see if I can help you out. 
 This was deleted from your phone a few months ago, but not before you organised to meet the man in that photo, who, by the way, is known to us as Robbie Carter, and who told us you and he had met many times. 
 So our question to you, our specific question, notwithstanding your appalling memory, is was the night of Australia Day one of the nights you and he spent together or not? 
 "If we really want to hide something, we usually can." 
 That was in your statement at the inquest into Corporal Allman's death, wasn't it, Major Hamilton? 
 Your denial and evasiveness implies to me that you have a connection to the crimes under our terms of reference, the details of which I can assure you will be published unless other more innocent explanations come to light. 
 So, Mr Hamilton, the phone call with Brett Bonar... 
 I...I never met him. 
 It was just the one... one call. 
 Robbie had told him about a 3D gun I'd given him. 
 What, you just gave him the gun? 
 They don't work that well. 
 It was more like a souvenir. 
 The program came out of an army trial. 
 I was never gonna use it a-a-and Robbie found it fascinating, so I said, "Fine. Take it." 
 Then he knew this... other guy somehow and the next thing I know he's calling up saying, "Can we do a deal?" 
 If I printed out 100 or so, he'd buy them off me. 
 And you said...? 
 I told him to piss off and grow up. 
 I wasn't about to become an arms dealer. I love my country. 
 OK. And what about the night of Australia Day? 
 Alright. 
 Yes... 
 ..I was at home. 
 With Robbie. 
 And he came over about six. 
 And left when? 
 Well, he... he got the call about his... wife's accident. 
 It was maybe nine-ish. 
 He left straight for the hospital. 
 His wife...? 
 Yes. 
 Thank you, Major Hamilton. 
 Let's take a short adjournment. 
 Now? 
 Half an hour. 
 Heather : There's Karen getting into Todd's car. 
 And Todd driving off. 
 Keep going. 
 Bit longer. 
 There. See that car turning around to follow him? 
 What was Jane Carter driving when she crashed? 
 Andy : Ford Falcon. QRP-278. 
 She was already following him. 
 Maybe she learned the other person in their marriage was Simon Hamilton. 
 Let's look Simon up. 
 We won't see a picture of Simon, because he's ex-SAS, still serving. 
 But there it is - click on that. 
 Todd Wilson. 
 The website he set up. 
 Impersonating Simon Hamilton to buy the Ferrari, but using his real work address. 
 So Jane Carter takes her husband's plastic gun from the wardrobe, goes to the address, sees Todd knock off work, thinks it's Simon Hamilton. 
 Follows him... 
 Oi, mate! 
 ..shoots him. 
 The barrel of the gun flies back, which explains that injury on her forehead with the plastic shards. 
 And the woman Keisha heard screaming wasn't a witness - it was Jane. 
 (SCREAMS) 
 So she speeds off with concussion, isn't really watching the road and smashes into George Healy. 
 And the gun's plastic. 
 So it melted. 
 So it was Jane the whole time. 
 Simon : What the hell's going on? 
 I thought you said we hadn't finished yet. 
 Look, I think we've got all we need. 
 What does that mean? 
 What are you putting in your report? At least... 
 I'd advise you to move away. 
 Alright, alright. Five minutes, yes? 
 Stay up here. 
 Come to my office. 
 I have a right to privacy and I'm tired of the way you look at me like I'm a thickhead bully. 
 Be honest with yourself, Major Hamilton I am. Privacy and honesty are not mutually exclusive. 
 I thought you'd understand that. 
 Aren't you facing a public hearing over a personal text message? 
 There's no reason to say more about your actions in my report than I need to. 
 You've got no need to say anything. 
 Major, the gun that killed Todd Wilson came from you and ironically the bullet was meant for you. 
 These facts have to be included in my report. 
 You cannot keep saying that you have nothing to do with the tragedies that happen around you. 
 Are you referring to Corporal Allman's suicide? 
 If you want to raise that. 
 What was my crime there? 
 No crime, but no honesty either. 
 Obviously he wasn't coping and can I suggest you haven't coped in the past either? 
 But rather than that breeding compassion, it bred contempt. 
 You said the bullet was meant for me. What did you mean? 
 The Ferrari that was bought in your name, that was Todd Wilson as you - he'd stolen your identity. 
 And the bullet that... that killed him came from your Liberator 3D printed gun. 
 Jane? 
 That's all I'm prepared to say. 
 Two men have died and a woman is close to death, in large part, I believe, because you've never been honest with yourself. 
 My report will state the facts and sequence of events relating to firearm crime - that's all. 
 (MACHINE BEEPS) 
 (RESPIRATOR RASPS SOFTLY) 
 Are you gonna charge her? 
 If she wakes up. 
 That's a matter for the police. 
 But given the circumstances, I'll... 
 ..I'll be referring it to them and recommending murder charges. 
 It's all my fault. 
 You didn't fire the gun. 
 Well, I may as well have. 
 It's gonna go public, isn't it? 
 And then all those people that came out to help us... 
 Yes. 
 I love her. 
 It was never meant to be like this. 
 (Breathes raggedly) 
 I never wanted to lose her. 
 (CAR DOOR SHUTS) 
 Elaheh. 
 No. No. Miss King, we are on our way to the airport. 
 Are you all going back? 
 No, just Sam. 
 Please, we have the answers. 
 Please go. 
 Answers hardly matter now. 
 We know who killed Todd - why, what for. Please. 
 Hear it from me before it's out there for everyone. 
 It's OK, you stay. 
 It doesn't bother us. 
 Please take care, Sam. 
 It's OK. I'll be fine. 
 (MOTOR STARTS) 
 Mistaken identity. 
 So it was all just a stupid accident? 
 It was a tragedy of errors. 
 His actions did lead to his own death, but it's also true that Todd wasn't the man Jane was trying to hurt. 
 We were looking for an enemy, when sadly he didn't have one. 
 Which I told you all along. 
 But you never believed me. 
 Everyone kept telling me that I didn't know my husband, but I did. 
 I knew that he never had enemies. 
 I know that he wasn't perfect, but he wouldn't hurt anybody. 
 Maybe you don't really have an enemy either, Janet. 
 Maybe you create them. 
 Dogs only chase people who run away. 
 After all that effort, Todd's murder didn't help us solve the big picture at all. 
 Well, never assume everything's part of a big conspiracy, because most things aren't, they're just individual moments of idiocy and desperation. 
 So who's behind it all? 
 We know these weapons are being imported by someone Brett was working for. 
 On the other hand, Brett took any job he was offered. 
 We can narrow it down to one of the guys on his 'dirty jobs' phone. 
 Which means it was either a name so far totally off our radar, like Ahmed or Luigi or Simon, Robbie, Bao Long or Patrick. 
 Whoever it is has so far made no attempt to pick up a container that would give them a multimillion-dollar payday. 
 Nonetheless, we have to prove who it is before next Wednesday, before the corruption commission hearing starts. 
 Or...? 
 We've lost. 
 Everything. 
 So instead of sitting here staring at each other let's keep asking questions. 
 Why was Patrick talking to Brett? 
 Any ideas? 
 He never mentioned him to me. 
 Would he tell us if we asked him? 
 He'd tell us something - we'd have to work out if it's true. 
 Patrick's not a liar. 
 Well, time's ticking. 
 Let's see if you're right, shall we? 
 How long have you known Patrick? 
 10 years maybe. I don't think he'd be into this stuff. 
 But you never know, I guess. 
 Janet, have any of you lost an iPad? 
 Because I found this in the bin around the side. 
 Ah, yeah. Just hang on a sec. 
 Yep, cool. 
 (DIALS PHONE) 
 (PHONE RINGS) 
 Yep? 
 Yeah, sure. Coming now. 
 Ah, change of plan - you're on. 
 Right. Can you finish that and let me know? 
 OK, you go with Heather now. 
 Any questions? 
 No, all good and if I have to work with her again, I guess I'll cope. 
 You might learn something. 
 About hair curlers or interrogation? 
 Do I get a loading for this? 
 Just keep an open mind, OK? 
 Always. 
 So this is yours? 
 Yes. 
 Where was it? 
 Just around the side. 
 It was under the big green bins. 
 I was just chucking some stuff out and I saw it. 
 And it went missing the night after she said she saw that Asian guy hanging around, didn't it? 
 Yeah. 
 Have you seen him again? 
 Um, no. He was just here that once. 
 But he was over there and that was around here. 
 Do you want me to show you? 
 Yeah, I'll... 
 You go back inside, I'll take a look. 
 Thanks, Peta. 
 No, that's OK. 
 Did I, ah, did I tell you my proposal for the recreation centre might be coming back into favour? 
 Fantastic. You match what Bao Long was gonna pay for the land? 
 No. A... report hit the press about the use of poker machines in NSW. 
 Even though there were 300 less of them last year, $3 billion more got pumped through them. 
 Yep, direct correlation with divorce rates, depression, domestic abuse, etc. 
 So, politically, it's a touchy subject all of a sudden. 
 Funny how reports hit the press at opportune times. 
 Isn't it, though? 
 I've often had that sort of luck. 
 Just born under a good star, I suppose. 
 Still, I'm sure you're not really here to discuss netball courts. 
 No, we're here to ask you about a guy called Brett Bonar. 
 Ah. 
 Who we know you knew. 
 Well, I had a few conversations with him. I wouldn't go too far. 
 A shame we didn't hear about that earlier. 
 And not much just slips your mind, does it, Patrick? 
 No. 
 No, it was a deliberate omission. 
 Guilty as charged. 
 I'm sorry, Heather. 
 Hm. 
 So what were the conversations? 
 You know how those boys broke into my car, right? 
 You said you didn't know who. 
 I think I was careful with the way I worded that. 
 Look, full disclosure - 
 I found my car had been broken into, I got a mate of mine on the force to access the CCTV footage of the car park, look up the license plate on their car and get me Brett's phone number. 
 He accessed the police database for you? 
 Who said it was a he? 
 And I'm not dropping him in it, so don't ask me for names, alright? 
 There are many people in the south-west who owe me a favour. 
 When you called Brett, what did you say to him? 
 I told him I wanted my cigar box back. 
 I mean, I liked Brett. 
 And he did try and make amends. 
 How? 
 He bought me a bottle of Scotch to say sorry when he couldn't. 
 Apparently, Todd had already passed it on to a mate of his. 
 Who? 
 Look, I'm not certain and it might just sound like sour grapes... 
 Patrick. 
 That box was full of cigars. 
 Puente Estate Real. 
 And if you check some photos in the local paper last week, you'll see a certain businessman happens to be smoking just that brand. 
 You didn't hear it from me. 
 Owen : So Brett was working for Bao, so was George Healy. 
 Bao has the setup and contacts to offload those guns in the quantities we're talking about. 
 I take it his DNA isn't on the database. 
 No criminal record, so at the moment we couldn't test to see if he was the second man with Brett at George's murder anyway. 
 Let's get a sample of his DNA then. 
 How? He won't give consent and we can't just take it. That's a crime. 
 (SIGHS) Well, not if it's freely discarded. 
 We get him in here, question, question, question. 
 As long as he leaves something behind or throws something in the bin, like a paper cup or a gum wrapper or a tissue, then we're home and hosed. 
 (PHONE RINGS) 
 (SIGHS) 
 Can we... can we do this tomorrow? 
 Good luck. 
 Thanks! 
 In the meantime, let's find out as much as we can, OK? 
 Known associates, patterns of movement, when and how long the calls lasted with Brett. 
 We need him to concentrate so much on his answers, he's not thinking about things like DNA. 
 Don't you ever answer that bloody phone of yours? 
 Oh, sorry. 
 I thought you might be a no-show. 
 Why? Grounds for appeal aren't that strong, are they? 
 Still gonna be stressful. 
 Oh, come on, Tony. 
 If anyone knows confrontation in court, it's me. 
 This case is personal. You were drained after the first hearing. 
 Appeals are about points of law. 
 It's totally different. 
 There's nothing personal about today as long as you eat her up and spit her out as soon as possible. 
 Oh, great. Well, I'm glad you've got life in perspective today. 
 In the appeal of Deborah Larsson against Janet King, we have considered the appellant's grounds for appeal and the respondent's submissions to the contrary. 
 We are in a position to make a decision today. 
 Mrs Larsson, you are representing yourself, correct? 
 Yes, Your Honour. 
 Your Honour's gonna roast her for lunch. 
 Mr Gillies? 
 Appearing for Ms King, Your Honour. 
 You can sit down, Mr Gillies. 
 
 
 
 (MAN COUGHS) 
 Your best points, Ms Larsson. 
 I'm sorry. I, ah... I, um... 
 I'm not used to the way things work here. 
 We'll make allowances, Ms Larsson. 
 But I believe that Justice Stanton's findings in my case were incorrect in law. 
 In granting possession of the fertilised embryo to Janet, she failed to answer the fundamental question posed by my application. 
 Is the fertilised embryo capable of being classified as property? 
 Or is it something else entirely? 
 Legally, is it a potential life? 
 That's exactly the line I'd have taken. 
 And if this is the case, Justice Stanton should have given more weight to what happened to it. 
 You argue that the fertilised embryo should be declared potential life and therefore its usage should be determined in line with this? 
 Yes and because Justice Stanton failed to make that decision, her ruling should be overturned. 
 Which... which brings me to my final point. 
 I see this embryo as a potential baby of mine and a potential niece or nephew of my sister, who's no longer with us. 
 Where is the law in this, Your Honour? 
 There is an absence of direct precedent concerning this area. 
 You'd be quite aware of that. 
 I thought we'd be required to base our arguments in law, Your Honour. 
 The appellant may not have your training, Mr Gillies, but she has a right to be heard. 
 Sit down. 
 Will we talk about usage? 
 I intent to use that embryo to fulfil its potential. 
 I want to see that baby live and that's what my sister Ash wanted as well. 
 ButwhatdoesJanetwant? 
 (SNORTS) Your Honour! 
 She doesn't know. 
 Probably, because she's so busy, she'll just let it sit there in that facility until it's too late and she has to destroy it. 
 She'd rather keep that embryo on ice than give it the chance to live. 
 And that is not what Ash wanted. 
 Mr Gillies? 
 Ah, Your Honour, our position is clear at law. 
 I ask to keep the emotion out of it. 
 Your point, Mr Gillies? 
 (CLEARS THROAT) 
 For the fertilised embryo to be determined a potential life, there needs to be some certainty of this happening. 
 Ms Larsson is 39 - the chances of a woman her age having a successful implanting of a single embryo that's been frozen for four years is less than 10%. 
 For the embryo to be declared potential life, its chances of a successful implant need to be greater? 
 Thank you, Your Honour. 
 This embryo is stored at a facility. 
 Ms King and her partner Ashleigh Larsson entered into a contract with this facility. 
 They signed the consent form, they paid the bills. 
 Legally, this embryo has always had standing as property. 
 Ash Larsson left her property to Ms King in the event of her death. 
 As such, this embryo belongs to the respondent. 
 And what does Ms King intend to do with this embryo? 
 Your Honour, as it's her property, my client's intentions are irrelevant. 
 Very well. 
 The court will take a short adjournment to consider its judgment. 
 Things are going well then? 
 With the girlfriend? 
 I'm not sure we've made it that official. 
 Are you dating anyone else? 
 No. 
 Would you? 
 If the opportunity came up? 
 No. 
 She's as good as your girlfriend. 
 You'll be signing a lease together next. 
 (GROANS) Probably not. 
 She's about to head overseas. 
 Oh. How's your frequent flyer balance? 
 (PHONE RINGS) 
 Janet, how's it going? 
 Is Andy back with my iPad? 
 I haven't seen him. 
 Can you tell him I shouldn't be too much longer here. 
 And to text me with any information, yes? 
 Right, sure. 
 Thanks. 
 It was you, wasn't it? 
 The anonymous call that could end my career. 
 What do you think Ash would say about that? 
 I did not mean for it to... 
 ..blow up like that. 
 And we're really sorry, Janet. 
 But Ash said that embryo could be mine. 
 It was meant for me. 
 And that's what Ash really wanted. 
 It really was. 
 Uh, we're back. 
 In the appeal of Deborah Larsson against Janet King, we have considered both submissions carefully. 
 This is a complex matter and future judges may choose to revisit it. 
 As the law stands, however, Ms King, as the de facto partner of the deceased at the time of her death, has title to that embryo. 
 Therefore, we find for the respondent. 
 The appeal is dismissed and the decision of the trial judge stands. 
 Come on, Janet. 
 Congratulations. 
 Did he rule on potential life... 
 They ruled it's my property. 
 I knew it. It had to be. 
 It's not alive. 
 Keep the definitions black and white, they had to rule your way. 
 But it's an embryo. 
 Frozen, not developing. 
 But fertilised. 
 Obviously. 
 Do you believe it's property? 
 Or was it just to win the case? 
 I'm just curious, that's all. 
 Well, just because it might become life doesn't mean it will. 
 And if it isn't yet, then it's property. 
 When does it become life, though? 
 That's the grey area. 
 When do you think it does? 
 I don't know, I... 
 Well, earlier than I would have said a few weeks ago. 
 Examining the case law has challenged my preconceptions too. 
 You're not, are you? 
 Yeah. 
 Fantastic! 
 Congratulations. 
 What? 
 She's pregnant! 
 I...I thought you couldn't, 'cause you had... 
 Idiopathic infertility. 
 So did I. 
 Ah, well done for Taterhead, eh? 
 Little spuds. 
 You told them. 
 Yeah, they guessed. 
 I don't know how, I didn't say anything much. 
 Techies brought in the... 
 Thanks. 
 It had prints all over it. 
 Lots of people have picked it up. 
 Why pick it up and dump it? 
 It could have been kids who picked it up and couldn't guess your password, so they threw it away. 
 The tech guys say it hasn't been opened for 11 days. 
 Alright. 
 Well, it looks like everything's here. 
 Hang on. 
 What? 
 Well... there was a whole album here. 
 What's happened? 
 Looks like it's been deleted. 
 There were photos of Ash and... 
 You sure they were there? 
 Yes! It was definitely here and it's been deleted. 
 When did you say this was dumped? 
 11 days ago? 
 Yeah, at least. 
 I want to move... move home tonight. 
 That's pretty sudden. 
 I've been thinking about it. 
 If Ash's killer wanted to hurt me, they would have by now. 
 They're just trying to scare me and... 
 ..I'm tired of running, Andy. 
 If I live in that motel, they win. 
 And... 
 ..it would be a lot cheaper for the Federal Police just to put a bodyguard at my house. 
 OK. I'll get it organised, move your stuff back. 
 I'll get you a spare key. 
 Peta. 
 Um, I'm sorry, Janet, I've just cleaned up the machine. 
 No, no. I just wanted to say thank you. 
 Thank you for finding my iPad, thank you... 
 Thank you for plying us with good quality caffeine. 
 As you can tell, we live on the stuff, so... 
 Well, I stop at six and I move onto wine. 
 A girl after my own heart. 
 I'll be at the Belly Black Bar in an hour if you want to share a glass with me. 
 Or not. No, I mean... 
 If you think it's inappropriate. 
 No, no. 
 Or you're probably busy because I know you're... 
 ..you're pretty important right now. 
 I wouldn't get too carried away. 
 Then the offer stands, if you're interested. 
 A splash of cold climate chardonnay to wash away the day. 
 Oh, you know your wines, do you? 
 Yeah. 
 Evidence of a misspent youth, sadly. 
 Or an anxiety management program. 
 Give you a tip - long term, it doesn't work. 
 So I might see you there then? 
 I'll see you there. 
 Mm, now that looks... 
 ..expensive. 
 Oh, least I can do for a wine connoisseur. 
 Thank you. 
 You driving? 
 Uh, yeah, I was going to. 
 But, well... 
 I'll get a cab. 
 Cheers. 
 Cheers. 
 So... 
 (LAUGHS) 
 ..tell me about the coffee business. 
 Mm. 
 Well, it's not the most exciting profession. 
 People make it bearable. 
 Just bearable? 
 OK, certain people make it, uh... mildly satisfactory. 
 And, um... 
 ..how do you have fun outside of business hours? 
 I like to read. 
 Old dead Brits mostly. 
 I like wine... 
 Literature and wine, a noble union. 
 And we have something else in common. 
 But I'm sorry, it's, um... 
 ..it was a Google stalk. 
 Oh. 
 I've also lost a loved one. 
 He got sick fast. So... 
 And by that stage, there was nothing they could do. 
 The end was pretty quick. 
 I mean, he wouldn't have felt much. 
 I guess that's something. 
 When was this? 
 It was a few years ago. 
 I'msorry. 
 Yeah. 
 It still sucks. (LAUGHS WEAKLY) 
 I mean, it's really like looking down this horrible black hole and it's just swallowing all my energy. 
 I don't know how deep that hole is. 
 But if he'd been murdered, that... 
 ..that would have done me in totally. 
 That on top of everything. 
 I don't know how you survived that. 
 No, I didn't either. 
 But then you do... somehow. 
 You will too. 
 One day, you'll feel stronger. 
 It helps having the right people around you. I don't... 
 I don't think I could have got through it without my kids. 
 Yeah, I don't have that support system. 
 It doesn't need to be children. 
 You just need to find someone who can... 
 ..help you let him go. 
 What if I think I have? 
 Well, it has to be right for them too. That's the tricky part. 
 Yeah. 
 We should get something to eat. 
 (VACUUM CLEANER WHINES) 
 (PHONE CHIMES) 
 (KNOCK AT DOOR) 
 I brought Not Donuts. 
 (LAUGHS) 
 I hear they've got half the calories. 
 Hm? 
 Mm. Come in. 
 Have you got any sisters? 
 Otherwise, half of this is going to charity. 
 I have two. 
 This is great. 
 This will cover me for both their birthdays, Christmas, next birthdays. 
 Wow. 
 Mm-hm. 
 So have you thought anymore about meeting up at some stage? 
 I have thought about it a lot. 
 You don't have to get on the same flight. 
 Just whenever the commission's wrapped up. 
 It's neat in theory, but... 
 ..but the truth is I feel like I've been treading water a bit. 
 You know, professionally speaking. 
 I'm at a critical juncture right now in terms of where my career's headed. 
 You could still work, once your 'critical juncture' has passed. 
 Half of me wants to book a flight right now, and the other half knows I just... I can't. 
 Well, I have no use for half a boyfriend. 
 I need 100% unadulterated Richard. 
 When are you coming back? 
 I don't know. 
 Maybe I'll get sick of hostels and run home in three months. 
 Or maybe I'll fall in love with Switzerland, get a job at a dairy farm and stay two years. 
 That is adorably specific. 
 I've been doing a lot of reading. 
 (SIGHS) Look... 
 I just... 
 I just think that meeting you has been kind of miraculous. 
 It feels easy. 
 It feels right. 
 Janet : Nice to meet you, Barry. 
 (SIGHS) 
 Until the commission's over, we'll be maintaining household protection. 
 They asked me if I wanted the job. 
 Thank you for saying yes. 
 OK. Home, sweet home. 
 So, um... 
 Tell me, how does this... how does this actually work? 
 Well, however you want it to. 
 I won't be in your face 24/7. 
 I'll be doing shifts in the car. 
 It should feel like I'm... not here. 
 OK. But actually, I wouldn't mind some company now. 
 Unless your car's more appealing. 
 If you don't want to be alone, just say so. 
 No, no. That's not what I mean. 
 The last couple of weeks, you know, I've had to face a lot of things about me, work and... 
 ..after the last two years, it's... 
 ..you know, all these issues with Ash's sister and the corruption commission and... 
 But now I feel like I'm ready, you know, to face stuff, life and things. 
 You know what I mean? 
 That's the most confusing thing I've ever heard you say. 
 ♪ Some days ♪ 
♪ You haunt ♪ 
♪ Do you feel it? ♪ 
♪ No matter ♪ 
♪ If you don't ♪ 
♪ Like a deal ♪ 
♪ And now you're gone and I would ♪ 
♪ And now you're gone and I would... ♪ 
 Morning. 
 Dutch analysis on the full human genome of George and Ash's killer finally came through. 
 (CLEARS THROAT) Would you like me to take you through it? 
 Did I miss something? 
 Uh, DNA results. 
 Confirmation of what we already know. 
 Male, mixed ethnicity. 
 Part Caucasian. 
 The rest is a United Nations. 
 Polynesian, Asian, Indigenous. 
 Very hard without full morphology to tell what this bloke'd look like. 
 Any number of traits could dominate. 
 Light brown hair, brown-green eyes. 
 Could be a million people. 
 Can we get that morphology? 
 They're doing it now, but we have to pay more for it. 
 Couldn't be evidence at trial, so we can't use the police budget. 
 That alright. I'll pay for it. 
 There's a lot of information without the full-face morphology. 
 Like when he looks into the light, he sneezes. 
 Folds his arms left over right. 
 We can tell that from DNA? 
 There's a lot we can tell with an 80%-90% likelihood. 
 But often you have to combine the mutation with environmental factors to know if it's activated - 
 I've only skimmed the headlines. 
 There are pages here. 
 It is the whole genome, with over 70 listed mutations. 
 Which is about average. 
 Wheredoesthisleavefreewill? 
 Beyond my brief. 
 It's incredible, though, isn't it? 
 What you can find out about someone? 
 Ah, Bao Long's here. 
 When you're ready. 
 Bao Long? I doubt he'll give you a big confession. 
 I'd settle for anything at the moment. 
 We might get some DNA, which might link him to George, but the only thing that'll save me now is nailing whoever's behind this gun importation. 
 Could be Bao Long too. 
 Yeah, buthowdoIprovethat? 
 You need to set a trap. 
 How? 
 And please, at this point in time, there's no such thing as a bad idea. 
 I'll look at anything. That importer will lead me to Ash's killer and vice versa - solve one, I get the other. 
 Felix Murphy owed you a substantial amount of money. 
 Yeah, I don't recall. 
 Mr Long, contempt of this commission and provision of false or misleading evidence are punishable offences. 
 Oh, you mean Felix? Yes, I did extent him a line of credit. 
 How much? 
 In excess of $80,000 from memory. 
 Are you still in touch with Mr Murphy? 
 Well, I heard that he left the country. 
 Recently? 
 I don't recall where I learned that, actually. 
 Well, the money that he owed you, do you recall that? 
 Yes. I onsold it. 
 To who? 
 Let me see... 
 Um... 
 Mr Long. 
 If you think that I shot Felix, you're completely off. 
 My nose is absolutely clean. 
 So who did shoot him? 
 'Cause I can't believe you wouldn't have heard anything. 
 I don't know. 
 Whoboughtthedebt? 
 Well, there are a number of agents I sell bad debts to. 
 I often went through Brett Bonar, God rest his soul. 
 May have been him. Although he's really just a middleman. 
 So where the debt ended up and who went after him for it, I can't really tell you that. 
 George Healy, perhaps? 
 Well, I'd have to see if I kept my records. 
 Sometimes I do. 
 MrLong, yourevidence has been characterised by alarming lapses of memory. 
 Please, can you reacquaint yourself with your financial records before we reconvene at a date to be advised? 
 You're excused. 
 Yes, Commissioner. 
 (SOFTLY) f*ck! 
 I'll check on surveillance. 
 Sure. 
 Hey, Janet. Can I have a word? 
 Yes. 
 After this... 
 ..I've decided not to return to the DPP. 
 At least, not immediately. 
 I'll stay to the end of the commission, however long you need me, and I'll tell Tony tomorrow. 
 But I wanted you to know first. 
 Reasons? 
 I think it's time. 
 So what will... 
 ..what will you do? 
 I'm gonna take the bar exam. 
 It'satoughjob, Richard. 
 Theisolatednatureofthebaris... 
 I wasn't actually asking for advice. 
 Ofcourse. 
 I'm sorry, it's just... 
 ..there's something I need to do. 
 And who knows? 
 It might all end very badly. 
 I don't think so. 
 It's been an honour, Janet. 
 Really, it has been. 
 I've loved working with you. 
 So have I, Richard. 
 Heather : Janet, you should check this out. 
 (PHONE CHIMES) 
 Is there any movement? 
 Still nothing. 
 But this has just come through. 
 (BEEP) 
 Man : Is everybody ready? 
 Thank you for coming. 
 It's, um, it's with great pleasure that I announce the Boccaro Group's proposal to build a state-of-the-art sport and recreation centre in Western Sydney has been approved by the municipal council. 
 Now this visionary development has only been made possible by your state government agreeing to sell the Crown land on which this centre will be built for the nominal sum of one dollar. 
 Now the long-term benefits to the community and the state are huge. 
 This project will create hundreds of jobs and leave a wonderful legacy for the people of the local community without relying on gambling. 
 And if there's one thing NSW does not need any more of, that's poker machines. 
 (CHUCKLES) 
 Yes, Mr Boccaro, your centre creates community. 
 It doesn't destroy it. 
 It's the sort of place we want for our grandchildren. 
 This is a great deal for the people of Western Sydney. 
 Thank you, Mr Attorney-General. 
 I'm just delighted I have the chance to give something back to the place which has given me so much. 
 Heather : You got to admire the way Lincoln Priest always looks like the people's hero. 
 Guy's got a real knack for it. 
 I'm sure you'll be shocked and surprised to hear that the Attorney-General thinks he can force me to resign as commissioner. 
 Except, you know, the more I think about it, the more it strikes me that he wouldn't go down that path unless he had a replacement lined up. 
 Am I right? 
 Might have been a conversation or two. 
 So what would it take for you to be an ally, rather than an enemy? 
 Janet, I've got a lot of options on the table and this ship is sinking right now. 
 Help us save it. 
 Who's us? 
 Me and Bianca. 
 You know, if you join us... 
 ..we can do it. 
 How? 
 The shadow caused by my impending appearance before the State Corruption Commission means we are unable to fulfil our wider brief. 
 While I refuse to resign, I have no choice but to suspend this royal commission until that investigation has been completed and my future clarified by their findings. 
 All sessions of the commission have been cancelled and all current operations will cease immediately. 
 Woman : Commissioner King? 
 I have nothing more to add. 
 Thank you. 
 Commissioner King. 
 (REPORTERS CLAMOUR) 
 Policeman : Along here. 
 Down there. 
 Woman : Step back, please. 
 Away from your desk. 
 We have to secure everything. 
 Move away, please. 
 Thanks, everyone - shut down computers and switch off your phones, please. 
 It'son. 
 Camera? 
 They're in the container now. 
 Who's this? 
 Holy f*ck. 
 Of course now, you'll never know the answer to the one murder you most wanted to solve. 
 For Christ's sake, Richard. 
 Of all cases! 
 First principles, Janet! 
 First principles. 
 DNA face morphology. 
 How's the likeness? 
 Stillloading. 
 Janet, what is it? 
 It's almost a photograph! 
 Get back-up, Andy, and get there. 
 OK, guys, I need cars at the RC and we gotta go now! We gotta go now! 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 