Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x05 - Apprehended Violence - Janet King 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x05 - Apprehended Violence https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=608&t=26747 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/21/16 09:01 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x05 - Apprehended Violence 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Keisha, it's Richard. 
 Is everything alright? 
 I think I had a panic attack. 
 Have you had them before? 
 No. What, do you think it'll happen again? 
 Your Honour, Mr Dolan waived parental responsibility at the time. 
 In regards to a child. 
 We're talking about an embryo. 
 It's my genetic material. 
 It's my right to decide what happens to it. 
 I believe you are all in the wrong jurisdiction. 
 This is a probate issue. 
 So Todd was your mate. 
 Yeah, he was. 
 Why would someone want to kill him? 
 He tried to rip off the wrong person. They've come after him. 
 We still have Felix Murphy, yes? 
 Correct. 
 He was shot in broad daylight, at point-blank range.Yes. 
 So he saw who shot him. 
 He claims he never saw anything, but he must have. 
 He knows exactly who shot him. 
 I want to organise another undercover operation, but this time, we'll use a woman. 
 How long ago did you leave him? 
 Oh, like six months ago. 
 Hey, that file that Simon deleted from his computer? 
 It's a gun. 
 OK, there's a container arriving at the docks tonight. 
 Imported by Simon Hamilton. 
 Arriving? 
 The bill of lading says fridges. 
 I'll believe that when I see it. 
 (Two-way radio crackles faintly) 
 It'll take at least a day to remove all the firing pins. 
 Then we've got to repack everything just the way it was. 
 Then we can tell the cargo terminal operator to notify Simon it's cleared customs and ready for pick-up. 
 Does the delay need to be explained? 
 I don't think so. I mean, it's not that unusual, is it? 
 Nah. Some ships carry hundreds of containers. 
 Can take a week to get 'em all off. 
 Hey, I just had a close look at this bill of lading. 
 See this contact number written here? 
 Simon's mobile. 
 Except it's not Simon's. It's Amil Nobakht's. 
 Are you sure that's Amil's number? 
 Yeah, it's on his file. 
 I remember those sort of details. 
 Phone numbers? 
 Is that really so unusual? 
 You need to get out more. 
 Yeah, I was trying to. 
 So who's really behind this? 
 Just Todd and Amil together or Simon and the Nobakht family? 
 I guess we'll find out when someone comes to collect it. 
 Alright, you stay here. 
 You're in charge, Richard. 
 Text me when it's done. 
 I checked that mobile number on the bill of lading. 
 You doubted Richard's memory? 
 Well, it was worth a check. He has made the occasional factual error. 
 When? Anyway, this time he does happen to be right. 
 Lina, go back over Karen Parker's interview. 
 Check if there's any suggestion Simon Hamilton knew the Nobakhts. 
 I'll have a look. 
 I bet it was Todd using Simon's identity again. 
 This is him and Amil, this import. 
 It's a pretty tough import to arrange from Australia. 
 How much do the guns cost? 
 In America, about $1,000 each. 
 Over here, maybe $15,000. 
 So they spent half a million dollars buying weapons and organising an importation. 
 It's pretty unlikely anyone can do that over the phone. 
 You have to be working with people you've met, trust. 
 Well, I'll see who's been to America lately. 
 Check the entire Nobakht family and Simon Hamilton, just in case. 
 Janet! We just got an email from Macquarie Street. 
 Our illustrious Attorney-General wants to see you and me. 
 What about? 
 Urgent matter of business. 
 Let me guess. His slice off the tee? 
 His bad short game? 
 Something like that. 
 Flat white? 
 Thanks. 
 No, thanks, I'm good. 
 A little something for you. 
 The night before last, third item on the news. 
 This is the face of crime out of control. 
 Jane Carter is now only being kept alive by life support. 
 Her devastated husband Robbie hasn't left her side. 
 Her car was hit by convicted drug dealer George Healy three minutes after the horrific shooting of Todd Wilson. 
 And George has himself since been murdered and Todd's in-laws fired at. 
 So far, to explain all this, $3.5 million has been spent on a royal commission whose hearings have mostly been held in private and whose progress has been revealed to no-one, if there has been any progress at all. 
 Is the Attorney-General going to comment? 
 The Opposition grilled us all afternoon. 
 We pleaded operational confidentiality all afternoon because we had nothing. 
 Before Parliament resumes I need an interim report with some preliminary findings. 
 We're not ready. 
 Being ready doesn't matter, Janet. 
 With all due respect, I don't think you understand... 
 Obviously some parts of it can be suppressed or for non-publication or whatever. 
 But I need to demonstrate material progress. 
 Once we make material progress, I'll write a report. 
 Perhaps I'm not making myself clear. 
 You're not here to debate the merits of an interim report. 
 I am telling you to write one. 
 Before Parliament resumes. 
 I can't write an accurate report until we know exactly who's bringing in these... 
 Did I say accurate? I said a report. 
 That's three syllables. 
 Which one of them is not getting through? 
 Well, if she won't write it, you will. 
 Understood? 
 I can draft one, but it can only be delivered under her signature. 
 Just highlight whatever pebbles of truth you've managed to... 
 I'm still in the room here. 
 ...kick down the street. 
 The most likely scenarios are disputes over drug buys and we heavily suspect that the current coke and ice epidemics underpin all major gun crime, et cetera, et cetera. 
 Needs a firm hand, et cetera. 
 Sure. 
 Don't be ridiculous! You can change it in the final report if by some fluke, you ever manage to make any real headway. 
 No! 
 I don't want lies. 
 I want informed and educated speculation... 
 OK. Alright. 
 ..from disparate incomplete sources. 
 Fortunately you work for me and we do not respond to threats. 
 Nor do I make them. I merely explain what I need to happen! 
 I am not required to solve your political problems, Attorney. 
 We have gathered a considerable amount of intelligence and we are on the cusp of understanding the whole picture. 
 If we all just take a step back... 
 And I will not risk all of that to stop and write some half-baked piece of fiction. 
 If you hang me out to dry next week in Parliament, I will destroy you. 
 Bloody arrogant fool. 
 Don't make him an enemy. 
 He's already an enemy. 
 Learn how to bend. 
 I won't give him the ammunition to say I'm incompetent. 
 That's not what he wants. 
 We both know this report's nonsense. 
 And so down the track, if he ever wanted to... 
 He's not thinking that far ahead. 
 Well, I am. 
 You know and if we write this piece of crap to momentarily help shore up his approval rating, that piece of crap, signed by me, will be on the public record forever. 
 (Phone chimes) 
 Hey. 
 Janet : Progress? 
 Ah, maybe halfway? 
 There's over 500 weapons here and missing just one could be disastrous, so... 
 They can't rush. 
 Yeah, I know. 
 But to make an arrest, whoever owns these guns has to take possession of the container and open it. 
 That's our payday, so the sooner you're ready, the better. 
 Janet, you want to have a look? 
 Yes. 
 Federal Police printed it from Simon Hamilton's computer. 
 Not the easiest thing to put together. 
 You have to assemble it, add a firing pin and buy your own bullets. 
 But if you want it to work you do need some expertise in how guns are made. 
 Which I'm assuming Major Hamilton's got, being a major. 
 Nothing on America. Todd and Amil have never been nor Bahman. 
 Susie and Karen went to Disneyland when they were ten and eight and Simon Hamilton's last trip to America was seven years ago. 
 Hamilton would have met Americans in Afghanistan. 
 A soldier moonlighting in the gun trade? 
 I can sweep through his contacts again, look into any residing in the US. 
 Thanks. When are you testing this? 
 Tonight hopefully. 
 Till when? 
 Ah, late, probably. Sorry. 
 Hang with me if you want some excitement. 
 Big fight in council over netball courts. 
 Ah, it was a truly vicious non-contact sport the way we played it at high school. 
 Only matched in aggression by local council development approval meetings - come see. 
 (Calling tone) 
 (Computer bleeps) 
 Hello. 
 Hi. 
 They're asleep. 
 What can I say? 
 I'm not going to wake them. 
 No, um... No, don't do that. 
 I'll... I'll try again tomorrow morning. 
 How you going, dear? 
 Ah, good. Yeah. 
 Make sure you eat well. 
 And watch your water intake. 
 Sure, Mum. 
 I know you love your work, but you've got to get a balance. 
 And settle that thing with Deborah. 
 Well, it's not that easy, actually... 
 Listen to me. You don't need it. 
 Gotta go. Doctor Blake. 
 Talk tomorrow. 
 Enjoy. 
 Bye. 
 (Computer bleeps) 
 Have you written anything? 
 I've started a draft, if you want to see... 
 When we let the container run and arrest whoever claims it, then... then I'll write something 'cause we will have made real progress. 
 Bianca and Felix? 
 Yeah, they went well, apparently. 
 Despite the close call, they're on again tonight. 
 Right. And Andy's... 
 He's running it, yes. 
 Anyway, I can't bear just sitting here waiting. 
 If anything happens, you'll hear from me. 
 Hi. Has she started? 
 Ah, just about to meet him. 
 You want to stay? 
 Let me know if there's a problem. 
 OK. 
 Thanks. 
 Hey. 
 Oh, hey. How you going? 
 Busy day? 
 Yeah. Yeah. You? 
 It was sort of slow, actually. 
 But maybe that's just 'cause I was feeling... 
 I couldn't wait for it to end. 
 Oh, that's a bit sad if I'm the most exciting thing in your life. 
 Don't undersell yourself, handsome. 
 (Laughs) Yeah. 
 Although modesty is attractive. 
 Yeah. 
 Drink? What are you having? 
 Yeah, sure. Great. Um... 
 Um... um... 
 Ah, I don't feel like a beer or anything. 
 Maybe like a vodka tonic? 
 Yep. 
 I'll just have a beer, thanks. 
 No, I've got it. 
 Is that my drink? 
 Oh, sorry, yeah. OK. 
 I never noticed that before. 
 Yeah. Long story. 
 OK. OK, you can tell me later. 
 Alright. 
 Here it is. 
 Jetsetter London. 
 Five? 
 Yep. 
 Watch out. 
 (Coin clatters) 
 But now I'm gonna become an addict, 'cause gambling's fun. 
 Again. 
 (Laughs) 
 Beginner's luck. 
 Man : It has potential to create significant equity when well-planned. 
 Mr Bao Long, we've heard enough about tourism and revenue. 
 What about the plan to replace 26 netball courts? 
 Well, the council has assured me that they will find the land to build the new netball... 
 So there's no plan, is there? 
 Will any of the money from your 250 addictive poker machines go towards community sports for the young girls of south-west Sydney? 
 Yes, we're... we're building a pool. 
 You're bulldozing their courts. 
 They'llget more. 
 Will they? 
 Yes, if the council does their job. 
 I'm buying the land from the State Government... 
 And how much are you paying? 
 Well, until the contract is actually finalised, that's between State Cabinet and myself. 
 They want $15 million. 
 You're offering 12. Isn't that it? 
 I'm investing in resources and infrastructure for the community that gave me a start. 
 You do exactly the same, Patrick, unless you're outbid. 
 OK, I don't create a mass of gambling addicts to fund a personal edifice. 
 Christ's sake. 
 It's a leisure centre... 
 Bullshit, it's halfway to a casino! 
 Now, if I could continue my proposal, ladies and gentlemen. 
 Thank you for a lovely evening. 
 Again. 
 Glad you enjoyed it. 
 You know, if you ever meet my parents we might have to rewrite history a bit. 
 'Where did you two meet?' 
 'Oh, um, in the holding cells.' 
 Wouldn't go down well? 
 Unlikely. 
 Yeah. 
 What do they think about your ex? 
 Good job, steady income. 
 They think he's great. 
 It was hard to tell them about the other stuff. 
 Yeah. 
 How many people knew about your knee? 
 What... what about it? 
 What happened? 
 I don't remember what happened. 
 Oh, I see. Off-limits. I get it. 
 No, it's not off-limits. 
 I just... just don't remember. 
 OK. Well, this is me. 
 What are you doing on the weekend? 
 Um... 
 Am I being pushy? 
 No. No, no. 
 I'd... I'd love to do something. 
 Um... Picnic maybe or a movie? 
 I don't mind. 
 Text me? 
 I will. 
 Promise? 
 OK, see ya. 
 See you. Have a good night. 
 You too. Bye. 
 (Flashback of gunshot) 
 (Breathes raggedly) 
 (Sobs) 
 (Dials) 
 (Ringing tone) 
 (Phone rings) 
 (Sobs wordlessly) 
 Keisha. 
 I... I don't know where to go! 
 You have to come get me! 
 What... what happened? 
 Please, please, please! 
 Please, Richard! Please! 
 I'm at work. 
 Keisha. 
 (Softly) f*ck this. 
 (Dials) 
 (Ringing tone) 
 Hey, it's Keisha. Leave a message. 
 Did she say where she was? 
 Ah, look, I know that her shift finished about ten minutes ago, so she could be anywhere between work and home. 
 OK. Hey mate, have we still got a feed on Keisha Gibson's house? 
 Righto, here we go. 
 Why is she still on surveillance? 
 She's not a suspect. 
 Relax. We haven't looked at the feed since she brought in Todd's money, and we wouldn't be now if you hadn't called in asking to find Keisha. 
 Yeah, I... 
 OK, OK. I'm just... checking to see if she's alright. 
 Yep, all good. She's coming in now. 
 Great, OK. Thank you, Owen. 
 Hey, hang on, Richard. 
 Think she might be getting some help from someone else. 
 It's that mate of Todd's, the one that was with him when he broke into Boccarro's car. 
 Brett Bonar? 
 Yeah, that's him. 
 Brett : You gonna be OK? 
 Keisha : Ah... I mean, it was just... 
 It was just the lights. 
 I don't know. 
 I don't know what's happening. 
 It just suddenly feels like I'm... 
 I'm there again and... 
 Sorry to break it to you, mate. 
 Looks like you have some competition there. 
 Look, I was just making sure that she was safe, OK? 
 Yeah, sure. See you, mate. 
 Yeah, thank you. 
 See you tomorrow! 
 Oh, hi. 
 Hi! Come in. 
 Oh, I can come back in the morning. 
 No, no, don't be silly. 
 I'll just get changed. 
 Ah... 
 So how did it go? 
 Good, I think. 
 Cautiously optimistic. 
 So you don't think that he's ever doubted you or...? 
 No, no, he likes me. 
 I like him too, actually. 
 I mean, not like... but he's nice. A softy. 
 So in that sense, it's an easy relationship to work on. 
 But in terms of the end game, getting him to talk about the shooting... it's tough. 
 Huge. Brick wall. 
 So that'll take some breaking down. 
 Well, if anyone can do that... 
 Yeah, well, it must be hard for him to trust, feeling he has enemies so close. 
 Well, everyone has to trust someone. 
 I have. 
 Go insane otherwise. 
 How are the kids? 
 Ah, not sure tonight. 
 Tried a Skype call, but my darling mother had put them to bed early so she could watch her favourite TV show. 
 I'm trying to imagine what your mother's like. 
 She's an irritatingly single-minded control freak. 
 I believe I said that without a hint of irony. 
 (Chuckles) 
 She must worry about you. 
 Ah, I'm sure she does in her own way. 
 At the moment, she thinks I've got everything out of balance. 
 I need to relax, apparently. 
 Hence the workout? 
 Yes, well, you do what you can. 
 Cheers to that. 
 Cheers. 
 (Sighs) 
 Janet, interesting news Andy got from police ballistics. 
 When you fire the gun we printed, the barrel flies back off the stock. 
 So you can only fire it once? 
 Apparently. 
 And Todd Wilson was killed with one bullet. 
 Do you know of all the cases I've run involving guns, I can't remember any other times someone fired just one bullet. 
 He was probably killed with a homemade plastic gun. 
 Yeah, it makes sense why the marks on the bullet and casing don't match any normal firearm. 
 (Text message tone) 
 It's Richard. 
 Guns are ready. 
 The terminal operator will contact Amil when we tell them and he's almost certain to call a trucking company to organise a pick-up and delivery. 
 There's a bug in his phone, yeah? 
 Yep. 
 As are Bahman, Sam, Susie and Elaheh's and the landline. 
 And LDs are inside the house and smash repair shop. 
 OK, the team's ready at the docks? 
 We're all set. 
 OK. 
 (Ringing tone) 
 (Phone rings) 
 Yeah? 
 We're on. Shut the container. 
 We'll make the call. 
 OK. 
 (Phone rings) 
 Hello? 
 I'm Dave Reynolds from Sydney Cargo Terminal. 
 Is that Simon Hamilton? 
 Ah, yes, speaking. 
 This is a courtesy call to let you know that container JL1349-76 has been cleared for pick-up. 
 OK, thanks. 
 So Amil's happy to impersonate Simon Hamilton. 
 Ah, what do we have here? 
 Yum, yum, yum. 
 Woman : Don't! Stop! 
 Do we have any hummus left? 
 There's another bowl, I think. 
 Salaam. 
 Brett - all good? 
 Yeah, sorry I'm late. 
 Bahman outside? 
 Yeah, he's just murdering some lamb. 
 Smells good. 
 Any activity? 
 Nothing yet. 
 Nothing? 
 This is crazy. 
 So what are they doing? 
 Do they know they're being watched? 
 Lina : They can't know, can they? 
 Haven't they at least organised a pick-up? 
 Nup. 
 They've organised a barbecue. Listen. 
 Amil : Yeah, you left us early last night. 
 Brett : Yeah, mercy mission. 
 Keisha was having a freak-out. 
 Had to pick her up, take her home. 
 Then what? Tuck her into bed, huh? 
 No, man, it's not like that. 
 She's struggling. 
 Did you know this about Keisha? 
 Brett : It's really got to her. 
 She's such a mess. 
 Is she getting help? 
 I told her she ought to see someone. 
 Well, maybe she needs a little nudge. 
 Amil : Had she heard anything more on Todd? 
 No, you? 
 Nothing. What that b*st*rd's done to our family... 
 Just try not to do anything too stupid, OK? 
 What, that's it? 
 No calls to anyone, no sense of excitement or fear - nothing! 
 Wow. 
 Have they been tipped off? 
 You do have to wonder. 
 I mean, there were dozens of Customs guys and Feds around. 
 It only takes one. 
 If it was anyone in Customs, the State Corruption Commission are the guys to ask - Roger Embry. 
 Great. 
 So what, now we just wait? 
 Your call. 
 Heather, great - I got you a meeting at the State Corruption Commission with Roger Embry. 
 We need to check the Customs guys who helped with the container... didn't tip off the Nobakhts. 
 Sorry. I can't be there. 
 That's OK, I can handle it. 
 Thank you. 
 Hey, would you like a flat white? 
 Ah, where I'm heading that'd be helpful. 
 My tab must be enormous by now. 
 Let me pay you something. 
 No, you're obviously late. 
 Fix me up later. 
 Anyway, your muscle men buy more than enough to keep me rich. 
 Muscle men? 
 Your security. 
 I thought it was overkill, but I can see why you need them. 
 Loads of people check this place out. 
 Really? 
 Yeah. 
 A guy hung around on that seat all morning yesterday. 
 I thought he was gonna to hit on me, but as soon as you left, he went, which was a bit weird. 
 Anyway, I guess it comes with the territory. 
 Thanks. 
 See ya. 
 (Faint chatter) 
 Who's here? 
 We all are, except for Deborah's QC. 
 She's on her own today - must have got his first bill. 
 You OK? 
 What? Yes, of course - why? 
 You look like you've seen a ghost. 
 No, I'm fine. 
 Well, let's just stay calm and rely on legal argument. 
 Leave the emotion to Tim and Deb. 
 Justice Stanton has four kids. 
 Perhaps this once the court will respond to emotion. 
 She's not a mother, she's a judge and judges are emotionless. 
 Humourless and emotionless. 
 OK. 
 Then I showed the email to Brad, my husband, and he couldn't stop smiling. 
 Ah, so we... we rang Ash and she repeated what she'd written and we were so excited and grateful, because after all these years trying we actually felt hopeful we would get the chance to be parents. 
 On second thoughts, Mr Gillies, I think I might start with you. 
 What are the issues here? 
 This isn't a criminal matter. 
 No, Your Honour. 
 I assumed, as the Director of the DPP, that it must be criminal, which would be a novelty for us in the probate division. 
 (Chuckles) Ah, yes. 
 Very amusing, Your Honour. 
 No, Your Honour, I'm on leave for a fortnight and appearing as amicus for Ms King. 
 In your spare time? 
 Mm, yes, Your Honour, this is how I choose to spend my spare time. 
 In court? 
 Yes. 
 Extraordinary. 
 Your Honour, this is about my sister's wish for me to be given a last chance to have a child. 
 Yes, thank you... 
 I'm sorry. 
 What about me? 
 It's my genetic material. 
 I'm the only one with a genuine interest... 
 Your Honour, who paid for it, and who supported Ash through... 
 It's part of me. 
 She said I could have it. 
 Yes, yes. Thank you. 
 You will all get a chance. 
 Mr Gillies, why is this in the probate court? 
 If it concerns children or potential children, shouldn't it be in the Family Court? 
 Ms King is seeking a declaration of her proprietary interest in an item that by agreement with the entity storing it, belonged to her deceased de facto, Ms Larsson, the applicant's sister. 
 What is the property in dispute? 
 A frozen embryo, Your Honour. 
 Is that property? 
 Ah, well... Ah... (Chuckles) ..yes, that is the question. 
 Ah, we believe it is. 
 All we're asking the court to discern is to whom the frozen embryo belongs, not what happens to it. 
 Once the ownership is determined, the party to whom it belongs can decide its fate... or future. 
 Do I have affidavits from all parties? 
 All : Yes. 
 In that case, I'll take a short adjournment to read them. 
 Ah, if the court pleases, Your Honour, may I observe that this matter has been through several jurisdictions and costs are mounting and we would all, I'm sure, welcome a resolution. 
 I will review the material and then we will reconvene. 
 Woman : All rise. 
 
 
 
 Woman : Hey, hi. 
 She wants info from me? 
 That's a turn-up. 
 We thought we'd let a container run from the cargo terminal, but no-one's coming to pick it up. 
 They been tipped off? 
 Maybe. 
 We're not sure, to be honest. 
 But we know you put a blowtorch through Customs last year, got rid of some bad apples, and we were wondering if you'd done any other follow-up surveillance, or might know of any other people in Customs who might be suss. 
 So Janet doesn't think we finished the job properly. 
 Is that the implication? 
 No. 
 Sounds like the implication. 
 Just ruling out possibilities. 
 You haven't worked with her before, have you? 
 What's your opinion? 
 Smart, fair. Pretty good, actually. 
 Divides people, don't you think? 
 When people are wrong, she'll point that out and explain why. 
 That's what divides people. 
 You either have to admit she was right or you resent her for not letting you win. 
 So basically, if she was a bloke, you'd all think she was bloody fantastic. 
 I'll tell her Customs are clean, though, yeah? That was the message? 
 Good afternoon, gentlemen. 
 Here we are. 
 Dr Orsmond's in there. 
 So if you didn't make this appointment, was it you, Lina? 
 It was Janet. 
 She said that Adie's really good with trauma. 
 She squeezed you in as a favour. 
 So, what, you're here because...? 
 Good question. 
 It's a business hours thing. 
 Nights are OK, but during work hours, the commission staff technically shouldn't see anyone on their own, if we can help it. 
 See ya. 
 See ya. 
 She's got this idea that I just do whatever Janet says. 
 I mean, if we were questioning her, I can see how it should be both of us. 
 But to take her to an appointment? 
 When Janet says 'above board'... 
 She probably meant don't pash her on the street. 
 I think it's a bit more than that, but... 
 If you want me to take you back... 
 No, hardly worth it now. 
 Here's a question. 
 Five years ago when we started at the DPP, you, me, Erin, Tatum, Ben, all standing next to each other, where did you see yourself in five years time? 
 Actually, I thought I'd get a few years experience, then take the bar exam and start building my own career. 
 So what happened? 
 Woman : What you've described isn't remembering the incident, but reliving it, which is a classic indicator of post-traumatic stress. 
 Well, can I still go overseas? 
 I'm doing Europe soon. 
 Let's go back to that night and describe what happened. 
 Take it slowly. 
 Try to remember every detail. 
 Everything? 
 As much as you can. 
 Close your eyes and describe just what you heard. 
 Todd : (Flashback) I know. 
 I know that I brought it. 
 Todd was saying, 'It's in here somewhere.' 
 I know that I had it... (Bag unzips) ..when I left. 
 I heard him unzip the bag. 
 I heard a train. 
 The screech and the rumble as it went past. 
 (Fireworks pop) 
 There were fireworks. 
 And then the bang from the gunshot. 
 (Screaming) 
 A scream. 
 A thump as Todd fell back into the car. 
 Todd screamed when he was shot? 
 No. No, it was... it was high-pitched. 
 You screamed. 
 Yes, I started screaming and crying. 
 There was a different scream. 
 But not Todd? 
 No and before me. 
 A witness? 
 It must have been. 
 Richard : But no-one saw it? 
 No - some woman did and screamed. 
 I remember. 
 I didn't see her, but I heard her. 
 We've got to get back to the office. 
 If we've got another witness, that's gold. 
 Brilliant. Well done. 
 You're a genius. 
 Glad some good came out of that freak-out I had the other night. 
 I'm so sorry I couldn't help you out. 
 That's OK. 
 I'm glad Brett could. 
 How did you know it was Brett? 
 Thank you, everyone. 
 Having read the parties' affidavits and written submissions, I have decided that I am in a position to make a decision viva voce, with a written judgment to follow. 
 Janet King was the partner of Ashleigh Larsson. 
 They went into this venture collectively, notwithstanding whose genetic material was used in the process. 
 These facts are not in dispute by any of the parties. 
 Accordingly, I do declare that the frozen embryo presently in storage forms part of the estate of Ms Larsson, and will now be held in the name of the first respondent, Janet King. 
 What? Please, Your Honour... 
 I'm sorry, I don't think... 
 Order! Order. 
 I make no finding as to whether the item is property or life. 
 The item is now Ms King's to do with as she pleases. 
 Thank you. 
 What's next? 
 Woman : Hirst and Armfield. 
 Are the respondents present for this matter? 
 Man : We are, yes, Your Honour. 
 (Laughs) 
 Happy? 
 Oh, I don't know. 
 I'm more relieved than happy. 
 (SMS alert) 
 No, I am. I'm happy. 
 I'm glad it's over. 
 Who are you? 
 Did you even once stop to think about what Ash wanted? 
 No, because as usual all you think about is yourself. 
 Deb... 
 Shut up! 
 Just shut up. 
 Oh, sh1t. Six missed calls from Lina and Richard. 
 Problem? 
 There was a witness to the Todd Wilson shooting. 
 Hang on, I just need to call him back. 
 (Ringing tone) 
 Richard : Janet. 
 Richard, I just got all your texts. 
 Keisha : It's Janet? I suppose she knows what shirt I'm wearing. 
 Can I call you back? 
 Richard... 
 Keisha knows that we had surveillance in her house and her flatmates brought some pot home yesterday and it'll all be on camera. 
 OK, OK, don't panic. I'll see... 
 I'm dealing with it. 
 Can I just call you back later? 
 What now? 
 Ah, this is about something else. 
 I'm just reminding Richard about the Filipetti case. 
 You know, putting the drugs in the communal... 
 I know, I know. 
 OK, done. 
 Ah, something about a witness. 
 Yeah, it says here they don't know who it is yet, but Lina's onto it. 
 (Laughs) A toast to having minions. 
 (Snorts) Let's get out of here. 
 So Keisha's certain she heard a witness scream when Todd was shot? 
 Yep. Now it's just a matter of finding her. 
 What about the calls that came after the media appeal? 
 We've triple checked. 
 She's not among them. 
 OK. If you need to get out there and doorknock, go for it. 
 Hey, listen, Amil still hasn't made any phone calls and as far as we know, he hasn't talked to anybody. 
 He's just ignoring it. 
 Completely? 
 Like, 'Container? What container?' 
 (Sighs) So any suggestions? 
 Go surfing, play golf? 
 I mean, what else can we do except wait? 
 Given the pressure for progress, we can't wait any longer. 
 Well, the options are pretty limited. 
 Hang on, where is it? 
 Were the cleaners in last night? 
 No. No, they wouldn't take an iPad anyway. That's way too obvious. 
 It was on my desk. I know it was, because I Skyped the kids and Mum had put them to bed early, so... 
 According to this, Heather was in here at 2:16am for seven minutes. 
 At quarter past two in the morning? 
 Apparently. 
 Or at least it was her security code that opened the doors. 
 Hey, Heather! Here a sec? 
 Don't we have cameras in here? 
 Not infra-red. 
 With no lights, we'd be looking for a black cat in a coalmine. 
 Can we fix that today, please? 
 Sure. 
 I sent you a note about the SEC's opinion of Customs. 
 Got that, thanks. 
 Um... how was Roger? 
 As patriarchal as ever? 
 He tried to pull you down a peg or two in my eyes. 
 Successfully? 
 Not really. 
 Basically, I said against him, you'd win a dick measuring competition without even having one. 
 Hm, he would have loved that. 
 Those weren't my exact words, but I think he got the message. 
 Is that all? 
 Um... 
 Where were you, ah, last night after midnight? 
 Asleep. 
 Anyone verify? 
 Yes. 
 Who? 
 If I'm under official investigation, I'll give you his name. 
 Until then, a bit of trust would be nice. 
 Have you written your security code anywhere? 
 Told anyone? Let people see it? 
 No. 
 Someone used it to get in here last night. 
 As far as I can remember, I just stand like this and press the buttons. 
 I've never seen anyone behind me, at least not close. 
 But if you're like that, well, maybe from this angle... 
 If someone was looking along this line and had a good pair of binoculars or a long lens camera, they could have been on that seat or by that bus stop. 
 Thatseat. 
 Well, anywhere along this line - 
 No, the seat. 
 The man was sitting on the seat. 
 The coffee girl. Where is she? 
 Two or three hours maybe. 
 I don't know. 
 I didn't have a stopwatch on him, butitwasmostofthemorning. 
 And he just sat there? 
 He was there whenever I looked, so every five or ten minutes I guess I'd look over. 
 A bit more towards the end when I was a bit more curious. 
 Can you describe him? 
 Um... dark hair, black pants. 
 Asian, I think. 
 You think? 
 He was 50 metres away. 
 Can't be certain. 
 Age? 
 30s, I guess. 
 Had you seen him before? 
 Idon'tthinkso. 
 But you know, that doesn't mean he hasn't been hanging around. 
 OK. Well thanks, Peta. 
 And sorry, it's Peta... 
 Vickers. 
 Vickers. 
 Alright. Well, if you see him again, please let us know. 
 Sure. 
 Thanks, Andy. 
 What's he done? 
 Or shouldn't I ask? 
 I guess it's not something you can say. 
 How are you doing? In general? 
 Is that a secret too? 
 Perhaps. 
 But listen, thanks for your help. 
 It could be really important. 
 No, that's OK. I'm glad to help. 
 And it's nice to chat a bit. 
 I wondered what sort of person takes on a job like this. 
 So have I lately. 
 Yeah. 
 And now you know that I can do more than just make a good flat white. 
 And quote Oscar Wilde. 
 Mm, full of hidden talents, huh? 
 Right, so there you go. 
 If you want more, you know where to find me. 
 Thanks. Thanks, Peta. 
 OK. 
 Ah, Janet! Glad you're here. 
 I'm showing Lincoln around. 
 He asked where you were based. 
 Hope you don't mind? 
 No, no. 
 An unexpected surprise, but no, not at all. 
 I've just been inspecting netball courts. 
 I can't imagine a better way to spend an afternoon. 
 It is the number one participation sport in Australia. 
 My point exactly. 
 More registered players than Aussie rules, union, league, cricket or soccer, but, oh, to hell with it, let's rip out the courts and put in a gambling hall. 
 Why not? That's the Aussie spirit. 
 And I shall take your argument to cabinet, Patrick. 
 There's no need to sell me anything twice. 
 Could you give us a minute? 
 A rare insight into how mates lobby each other. 
 Oh, not really. 
 He's still $4 million short of his competition, unfortunately, which won't please my cabinet colleagues at all - mate or no mate. 
 Moving on, however, I did want a quick chat. 
 In 24 hours, I need an executive summary of what will be in your interim report and I need evidence it will be written. 
 I can't promise anything. 
 Oh, but I can. 
 The view is nice at the top, but one misstep and it's a very, very hard fall. 
 I'm looking forward to the read. 
 I thought we had weeks to finish this operation? 
 Not now. 
 Janet : We've got no choice. 
 Just write a report. 
 Who cares what it is? 
 It has to be real. 
 It just has to save his neck. 
 No, it doesn't. 
 I won't write anything unless I can defend it. 
 He can't force me to play his game. 
 Well, he is, judging by this meeting. 
 This isn't just about the Attorney-General. 
 The victims' families are out there - parents, sibling, partners, children - and if we're gonna stop the shooting, the commission does need the big answers. 
 We need to get to someone who knows who brought in those first guns. 
 And if no-one's picking up the container, that someone is Felix. 
 Bianca, if you can get Felix to name the person who shot him, that opens up everything. 
 But now I need him fast. 
 The long game was to let him form an attachment to Steph, let that grow into emotional commitment, then make that bond so tight he couldn't say no. 
 And the short game? 
 Do we have one? 
 It will have to be something big... life or death, probably - sudden, now. 
 If he genuinely believed I was gonna die without help and he couldn't help me himself... maybe then. 
 A kidnap, that could work. 
 No coulds. What will work beyond reasonable doubt? 
 It's got to be simple. 
 And hard - in your face. 
 And I need an ex - I think he's got to see him in action, not just hear about him. 
 Any sign yet? 
 Hey, what's this? 
 It's OK. It's for the job. 
 Is it make-up? 
 Jesus! 
 Not this time. Felix might touch it, put ice on it. 
 Make-up would run. 
 It had to be real. 
 So... so who...? 
 It doesn't matter, it's done. 
 Did you know about this? 
 No. 
 So she did that to herself? 
 What, just picked a fight in a pub? 
 Don't worry, it's happened. 
 Does Janet know you... 
 Just go with it, OK? 
 How it happened doesn't matter. 
 Felix has to think you did it. 
 That's what matters. 
 OK, he's coming. 
 Here we go. 
 I don't know why I got to wait here all day, Steph! 
 I don't f*cking know! Eh? 
 So why don't you tell me what you told the royal commission? 
 Why don't you tell me? 
 (Sobs) I didn't tell them anything! 
 Stop lying to me! 
 (Sobs) I'm not. I'm not. 
 You've been lying to me all bloody week! 
 It's pretty bloody simple. Tell me what you told the royal commission. 
 Just tell me. 
 It wasn't anything. 
 Stop lying to me! 
 Hey? How come you got out so quick if you didn't talk - how? 
 I don't know! 
 Because you talked, didn't you? 
 You talked! 
 I know you said something. 
 Everyone knows. Everyone knows. 
 (Whimpers) 
 So all you've got to do is tell me what you said. 
 (Whimpers) I didn't! 
 You want some more of this, huh? 
 I've got plenty more where this came from. 
 (Sobs) Please don't! 
 (Click!) 
 Tomorrow, this is gonna be loaded. 
 And we're not going through this sh1t again at all, OK? 
 Right, bitch, you get where I'm going? 
 (Sobs) 
 OK. I've got to get you to hospital. 
 No, no, I can walk. It's OK. 
 OK. 
 What sort of person... 
 I still think you should have gone with a harmless little report. 
 (Sobs) I can't do anything! 
 Well, let's see if it works first. 
 It's gonna be OK. 
 (Sobs) How can I stop him? I can't! 
 (Gently) It's OK. It's gonna be OK. 
 OK, it's alright. It's OK. 
 Thanks for going with it. 
 Let's hope it's not for nothing. 
 She just threw the mother of all curve balls. 
 I'll talk to her. 
 (Knocks) 
 Thanks. 
 You should see the other guy. 
 Well, you sure gave Andy a fright. 
 We had one shot at getting that name, changing his entire belief system so that he'd give it up. 
 I had to cover all bases - psychological threats, physical damage. 
 Who did this to you? 
 Look, it's the job. 
 No-one's breached the Crimes Act here. 
 I couldn't live with myself, knowing there's more we could have done. 
 Now we wait. 
 Did Filippetti do the trick? 
 Yes, it did. Thank you very much. 
 Drugs in the living room, no proof of ownership. 
 Keisha is very relieved now the cameras are gone. 
 Hey, hey. Where have you been? 
 Just, um... looking into that breach in security. 
 Ruling out possibilities, checking on the container. 
 I'm, uh... I'm pretty busy. 
 I gotta go. 
 I begged Felix so hard. 
 It was shameless. 
 I said, 'Whoever shot you had to be scarier than my ex.' 
 I didn't want a name. 
 Just someone to get rid of this dickhead... 
 (Phone chimes) 
 ..before he kills me. 
 He's coming to Steph's house tomorrow. 
 The guy who shot Felix. 
 He's coming. 
 W-We got him! 
 Good. 
 Good! OK. 
 Well, um... I should go back to my room so I can... 
 No, um... 
 Please, stay. 
 The least I can do is look after you. 
 You need to at least ice that all through the night, right? 
 A bit of TLC for the wounded warrior. 
 Hopefully there's some ice here. 
 Yes! 
 Look, I know the job's about getting close to dangerous people, but even you have to admit that... this is a different league, yeah? 
 Just trying to impress you, Janet. 
 Well, it worked. 
 Ow! 
 sh1t, sorry. 
 (Chuckles) 
 You little sh1t! 
 Thank you. This is... nice. 
 You know we're gonna still miss the Attorney-General's 24-hour deadline. 
 Ah, f*ck him. 
 You need to sleep. 
 And I... I will keep watch. 
 (Birds chirp) 
 (Knock at door) 
 (Gasps) 
 (Drowsily) Wha...? 
 (Knocking) 
 OK, what? 
 Yes? 
 Man : Miss Janet King? 
 Uh, who is this? 
 I'm agent Steven Moore from the State Corruption Commission. 
 We have a search warrant for these premises. 
 I beg your pardon? 
 Hang on, what are you...? 
 We have authority to confiscate all phones, computers and devices capable of storing or transmitting digital information. 
 What is this about? 
 Hers too. 
 Miss King, we have anonymous information regarding serious corrupt behaviour which could result in criminal charges. 
 Further details about this matter will be forthcoming at a preliminary hearing of the State Corruption Commission on a date to be fixed. 
 Thanks for your cooperation. 
 What the hell's going on? 
 I don't know. 
 This must be Lincoln Priest. 
 If this is the A-G, this is pretty bloody serious. 
 How do they know you're here? This is supposed to be a secure facility. 
 Uh, let's... 
 We'll talk about this later. 
 You go. We need to keep going with this undercover op. 
 They took yours too? 
 My phone. 
 Laptops, iPads. 
 OK, what about you? 
 No. 
 No, it's just me and Lina. 
 Feeling a bit left out, actually. 
 What is it about? 
 I don't know and I'm sorry. 
 I know the type of exchanges people have on their phones. 
 I'll do what I can to stop them becoming public, I promise. 
 In the meantime, let's just... keep going. 
 Owen? 
 How'd you sleep? Looks like it hurt. 
 Luckily, winners don't feel the pain as much. 
 You ready? 
 And what the hell happened this morning? 
 Were you caught up in that? 
 Yeah, they took my phone. 
 (Sighs) 
 (Exhales) 
 Did you know about the Corruption Commission? 
 What? 
 Anonymous information - that's what they said. 
 Call me suspicious, but it smacks of insider info... 
 Cut the bullshit, Janet. 
 I'm on your side. 
 Really? I've heard that before. 
 I'm working for you. 
 Obviously, Lincoln's behind it. 
 It's nothing to do with me. 
 OK, OK. Here he is. 
 I told you, Steph. I told you I need to know what you told them. 
 I need to know what you told them, OK? 
 I didn't tell them... 
 (Shouts) Tell me what you said! 
 I don't know what you've told them! 
 I need to know! 
 Please don't hurt me. 
 (Shouts angrily) 
 I know you said something! 
 Tell me what it is. 
 f*ck! 
 Brett. 
 (Argument continues) 
 Please don't hurt me. 
 (Knock at door) 
 (Phone rings) 
 It's Brett Bonar. He knows you're a cop. Don't let him in. 
 (Door opens) 
 (Gunshots) 
 He's dead. 
 Man : This royal commission of yours is set up to protect us from gun violence? 
 Shame on you, Miss King! 
 God forbid you do anything to upset your boss! 
 It's got nothing to do with her. 
 You always do what she says. 
 She's usually right! 
 Man : Our searches through your personal devices have confirmed the allegation has substance. 
 If behaviour looks, sounds or smells corrupt, then it probably is. 
 Jesus, Janet, you do not want another court case now. 
 We will provide security. 
 You got me to sign my own death warrant. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 