Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x01 - The Invisible Wound - Janet King 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x01 - The Invisible Wound https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=608&t=26282 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/28/16 16:35 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x01 - The Invisible Wound 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 ♪ Sarah Blasko: Don't Dream It's Over ♪ 
♪ There is freedom within ♪ 
♪ There is freedom without ♪ 
♪ Try to catch the deluge in a paper cup ♪ 
♪ There's a battle ahead ♪ 
♪ Many battles are lost ♪ 
♪ But you'll never see the end of the road ♪ 
♪ While you're travelling with me ♪ 
♪ Hey, now, hey, now Don't dream it's over ♪ 
♪ Hey, now, hey, now When the world comes in ♪ 
♪ They come, they come to build a wall between us ♪ 
♪ You know they won't win ♪ 
♪ Now I'm towing my car ♪ 
♪ There's a hole in the roof... ♪ 
 I need the receipt. Hang on a sec. I think it's in the back. 
 I know I brought it. 
 Got it. 
 Oi, mate! 
 (Gunshot) 
 (Screams) 
 (Cries) Oh, my God! Oh, my God! 
 Oh, my...! Oh! 
 (Sighs) 
 (Phone rings) 
 Lincoln? 
 Er, yeah, sure. I can come in. 
 OK. 
 Child : I want it! 
 Child 2 : I want it! 
 I want it! 
 (Both scream) 
 Come on, guys, stop fighting over... 
 Didn't we get two of these? 
 Where's the other one? 
 Er, upstairs. 
 Well, let's leave this one here. 
 We've run out of time. 
 It's a change of plan. 
 Quickly get your bags and your hats. 
 More time for school! 
 Yeah, time for school time. 
 Come on. Change of plan. 
 And big family hug. Come here. 
 Come on, Liam. Give me a hug. 
 Ooh, I love you. Mwah! Mwah! 
 Alright. Blast off! Whoo! 
 Last one to the car's a rotten egg! 
 I hear you're doing an inquest this week. 
 Yes, the corporal from Holsworthy. 
 He topped himself, didn't he? 
 I couldn't possibly pre-empt the findings. 
 (Chuckles) We first crossed swords over a suicide. 
 Remember the Jack Rizzoli inquest? 
 Yes. 
 How long ago was that now? 
 I'd gained preselection but I was still at the bar so that must be, er, what, three years? 
 Two and a half. 
 Mm. 
 I never was convinced you told us the whole truth about that night. 
 And Ash was still with you then, wasn't she? 
 Look, I don't really have a lot of time, so... 
 Mm. Alright. Enough small talk. 
 So obviously you and I have had a few differences in the last few months, some of them quite public. 
 Strangely, that could now work for us because a young man was shot dead last night down in Bankstown. 
 In the last 15 months, there have been 18 other shootings in the larger south-west area. 
 18, for God's sake! 
 Mostly with prohibited handguns illegally imported into a country with supposedly tight gun laws and nothing - no arrests, nada. 
 The public don't normally care about crims knocking off crims in isolated spots, except this was 50 metres from a crowded park. 
 That's kiddies in prams, and it was Australia Day - everyone out celebrating what a happy, safe place this is. 
 Anyone could have been hit. 
 So we, as a government, have decided that 19 is enough. 
 What in the hell is going on out there? 
 Where are these weapons coming from? 
 Who's in control? 
 How are they being circulated? 
 Those are the questions. 
 And, with the authority I have as Attorney General, I would like to give you a range of powers that the police can only dream of so that you can give me the answers. 
 What are you talking about? 
 A Royal Commission. 
 Open chequebook. You can seize anything, interrogate anyone. 
 We want you in charge. 
 Unless that's too confronting, you know, given your... recent circumstances. 
 Love to. 
 ♪ Theme music You can see what's going on? 
 Obviously. 
 Oh, well, good. 
 In that case, I won't say a thing. 
 I mean, a Royal Commission? 
 It's all about making him look good. 
 Tony... 
 Yeah, well, that's what's going on. 
 Yes, I realise. 
 He'll look strong, decisive but also compassionate, inclusive, as though all your run-ins over the last year were about policy, never personal. 
 Which, from my perspective... 
 Yeah, I know. 
 But him, that political psychopath, he holds deep, abiding grudges. 
 The thing is, if you perform well, he'll take the praise for being big enough to appoint you but, if you trip up, he'll love watching you fall. 
 Either way, he wins. 
 Well, hopefully, we both win. 
 Can you pick your team? 
 Some. 
 He's already appointed a couple of juniors. 
 (Chuckles) 
 If they're his choices, beware. 
 Well, one's Lina, so that's OK. 
 Apparently she grew up in Bankstown, as did the other one, Heather someone. 
 They're both locals. 
 That's why he chose them. 
 I demanded Richard and we're discussing counsel assist. 
 Obviously, we'll have to apply for leave officially from the DPP but, luckily, I'm on very good terms with the boss. 
 Shouldn't be a problem. 
 Ha! 
 He wants to know whether you've been honest with yourself about why you really want to do it. 
 Well, you tell him, when you see him, yes. 
 I've gotta go. Richard? 
 Wow. Thanks, I think. 
 You could fake a little more excitement. 
 I know Royal Commissions are inquisitorial forums but will I research or investigate? 
 Whatever I tell you to do. 
 Same as now, in other words. 
 I could withdraw the offer if you'd rather... 
 No, no. I'm thrilled. 
 Should be great. 
 It's more money too, not that that motivates you. 
 Of course not. 
 The fair application of justice - that's what pays my rent. 
 Let's go over this research for the brief again. 
 Yes. Good. 
 Well, um, PTSD affects about 10% of all deployed troops, on average, and, obviously, that's what Steve Allman was dealing with. 
 Obviously? 
 Well, the symptoms are classic. 
 They call it the 'invisible wound'. 
 It's actually quite fascinating. 
 In a nutshell, in the first few days after a traumatic event, we remember the trauma while also reliving the same sense of fear and danger. 
 Yes, I... 
 And that's true for everyone. 
 But, after a while, 90% of us can store that event in our long-term memory and therefore separate it from that sense of fear but 10% can't do that and the longer they take to seek help, then the worse it gets. 
 (Sighs) But you probably already knew all that. 
 No, not all of it. Thanks. 
 It was very interesting. 
 Lance Corporal Parker, you gave evidence that in Corporal Allman's suicide note he wrote, 'Major Hamilton's never let up on either of us, ever since Uruzgan.' 
 Er, that's what he wrote, yes. 
 Is it true? 
 No. 
 No, Steve just grew more and more convinced that everyone thought he was worthless. 
 He thought everyone had it in for him. 
 So you'd say no form of bullying or abuse of power played any part in Corporal Allman's decision to take his own life? 
 No. 
 And what about Uruzgan? 
 Er, that was the ambush in Afghanistan in 2013. 
 And the three of you were there? 
 We were returning to base. 
 Er, there were 24 of us in total. 
 Um, I was driving one of the Bushmasters and, as we went through the Palau Pass, they opened up from high on the left. 
 The guys on the tray had to get out of the truck and use it as protection while they returned fire, so I-I couldn't drive faster than they could move until we got clear of the hills - maybe half an hour. 
 Casualties? 
 10 wounded and 2 fatalities - an American JTAC commander and PK, one of our Aussie dog handlers, had his cheek and bottom jaw shot off. 
 Did Corporal Allman witness that? 
 Yeah, he was right with him. 
 They had to keep running from one side of the truck to the other so he saw him fall. 
 He... he tried to... to do something. 
 I think... I think he put him back up on the tray. I... 
 I was driving. 
 So Corporal Allman witnessed his colleague die right in front of him? 
 Yes. I-I think so. 
 That's what I heard. 
 Then Steve went to take PK's helmet 'cause his had been shot off but he had to scoop out some of his brain and skull so he could put it on. 
 He told you this? 
 No, I found out later. 
 I was driving. 
 Sorry, it's not, um... 
 Take your time, Corporal Parker. 
 We have time. 
 No, I'm OK. It's... 
 Did he talk about it at all? 
 No. 
 But he was never quite the same? 
 Well, he seemed so for a while, then... 
 I should've asked, I guess. 
 I could've asked. 
 She looked post-traumatic as well. 
 She probably is. 
 Ready? 
 Sure. You coming too? 
 Where? 
 No, he has to prep for tomorrow. 
 OK, so Todd pulled over here because he was looking for something in the back seat. 
 Train station's there, which means if he'd stopped 50m that way, we'd have the whole thing on camera. 
 But as it is...? 
 Nothing. 
 No-one saw or heard anything. 
 So I don't know what a Royal Commission can do that we can't. 
 Solve the crime, hopefully. 
 Which we are already doing. 
 (Laughs) 
 What? Oh, come on. 
 I know that look. 
 If you've got something to say... 
 Firstly, thank you for agreeing to be the Royal Commission's Police Liaison Officer. 
 Pleasure. 
 Secondly, we will need all the information the police have on all the shootings over the last 15 months, which, I note tonelessly, are currently unsolved. 
 Thank you for signing on. 
 Thanks for the invitation. 
 Who's that? Sister? Wife? 
 Todd's wife, Elaheh. 
 OK. 
 Listen, Janet, I saw first-hand how hard they all worked on Ash's case. 
 It's been two years and all they know is the DNA on the balaclava was male. 
 Brilliant. 
 Anyway, our terms of reference covers only the last 15 months so it's not relevant. 
 Er, Mrs Wilson? Janet... 
 Janet King. Yes, I know. 
 I was reading about you this morning. 
 I'm so sorry. Please accept my deepest condolences. 
 (Speaks Farsi) 
 She's the lawyer running this thing they've just announced. 
 Janet King from the Royal Commission. 
 Have you spoken to her yet, the one he was with? 
 We will. Soon. 
 You don't know her? 
 Not really. 
 Although he did call to say that he was giving her a lift. 
 Excuse me, please. (Speaks Farsi) 
 No, Baba. It's OK. 
 What do you know about her? 
 According to the police report, she's a bar manager who studies part-time. 
 At the moment, there's no evidence to suggest that she had anything to do with what happened. 
 And yet he died with her. 
 My husband died with his head in that woman's lap. 
 Sorry. I opened it for a rubbish run. 
 Don't panic. 
 They're both here. All present. 
 Mummy! 
 Fed, bathed and entertained with a medley of undergraduate drinking songs. 
 All I could think of, Your Honour. 
 Kids : ♪ Australia! Australia! 
 Land of the waratah and dahlia... ♪ 
 Oh, wonderful! Very clever. 
 One line - that's all of that. 
 I promise. 
 OK, come on. Bedtime now. Come on. 
 I'll meet you up there, alright? 
 Snuggle in. Go on and choose a story. 
 Quick, quick! 
 I'll meet you there. Go, go, go! 
 I thought my mother was their worst influence. 
 Well, it's the national cricket team's victory song. 
 They're four years old, Tony! 
 Don't want 'em growing up American. 
 Wouldn't mind them growing up civilised. 
 So you're back at the inquest tomorrow? 
 Yeah, last day, and then it's Bankstown. 
 Yes, I read the press release. 
 All that guff about your public duty to expose the evil forces controlling illegal weapons. 
 Guff? 
 That's not really why you're doing it, is it? 
 Partly. 
 Oh, crap! 
 I'm calling an intervention. 
 Do you remember what you were like two years ago? 
 Thank God you were there and I'm still seeing my therapist so I'm not stupid. 
 Why risk triggering all those memories? 
 Please, Tony, I wanna prevent others having to live through what I have. 
 To me, that would be an achievement. 
 Hmm. Any time I can help. 
 Of course. Thank you. 
 Thank you. 
 Goodnight. 
 Goodnight. 
 (Quietly) OK. 
 Oh, my God, that is so beautiful over there. 
 I love that, the light through the tree. 
 Janet, you should give up being a lawyer and be a filmmaker. 
 (Laughs) Oh... Ah! 
 (Laughs) 
 (Children call out in distance) 
 Emma, stop chasing Liam! 
 Can you stop for a minute? 
 Film them. Get that on camera. 
 I want evidence. She's a rascal. 
 Oh, God. 
 OK, well, if you have to film me... 
 Um... alright, well, I just wanna say happy anniversary, um, and I love you and, yeah... (Laughs) 
 Yeah, thank you for being the love of my life. 
 (Laughs) OK. 
 I got out of the car. 
 I thought that Ash had tripped and hit her head. 
 Maybe fainted. 
 I knelt by her side, turned her over. 
 Her eyes were open but empty. 
 And then... 
 And then I remember panic. 
 What if he was still here? 
 And what could the twins see? 
 I had to go. 
 I had to get them away, somewhere safe... and then get help. 
 Did Corporal Allman ever ask for help? 
 No. 
 And you never offered? 
 I didn't know he needed it. 
 You never suspected that he was having problems? 
 It wasn't unusual. 
 That's more to the point. 
 He took orders well but he wasn't the quickest learner so there was always a certain lack of confidence there. 
 Because of you! 
 Woman : Mrs Allman, please. 
 My boy idolised that man. 
 Mrs Allman... 
 He trusted you! He trusted you! 
 Mrs Allman, please, sit down. 
 Man : Ma'am? 
 Major Hamilton, would you agree Corporal Allman was suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder? 
 Yes. 
 And did the Army do anything to help that condition? 
 We have considerable resources available to those who need help. 
 Steve didn't. 
 And you never personally encouraged him? 
 I was unaware of his condition. 
 Really? 
 If we really wanna hide something, Ms King, we usually can. 
 And Steve did. 
 Why do you think he'd want to hide it? 
 I guess he felt ashamed. 
 He'd trained to cope with that sort of thing. 
 And yet leaving it untreated led to his suicide. 
 Or you could argue the opposite. 
 What opposite? 
 Stats show it's much more likely he developed PTSD because he had previous suicidal tendencies, not that PTSD caused his suicide. 
 So you're aware of current theories about PTSD? 
 Stress causes high levels of cortisol and cortisol impairs neurogenesis, yes. 
 In English for the court, please. 
 Of course, Your Honour. 
 Neurogenesis is the ability for the hippocampus to create new memory cells. 
 It allows us to separate things like where I parked my car today, as opposed to where I parked it yesterday. 
 Without it, events in the short-term memory would stay in the short-term memory and emotions associated with that memory stay associated. 
 So if the event is, say, a major trauma... 
 The result is PTSD. 
 Thank you, Ms King. I get the gist. 
 And, as a student of this condition, you must know other indicators of impaired neurogenesis. 
 Studies on mice show a high percentage of sufferers are slower learners. 
 Which is how you described Corporal Allman only moments ago, yes? 
 Are you suggesting I should have known he had PTSD? 
 Yes, and I'm also suggesting that, on behalf of the Army, you should've done something about it. 
 There's a $20-million mental health program called At Ease, which includes an app called PTSD Coach, and you have the gall to suggest we're doing nothing? 
 I suggest you did nothing because his weakness made you feel stronger. 
 You got a damn hide. 
 And you, Major Hamilton, had a soldier who killed himself because you preferred to see him suffer! 
 Woman : How are you finding the juggle these days? 
 Yeah, it's OK. 
 I mean, it's always busy. 
 Learning to accept help has certainly made it easier. 
 Good. 
 Is it nearly time? 
 Mm. 
 Adie, I think, um... 
 Well, I've been thinking for a long time now - 
 I think we should stop... 
 I mean, I want to stop. 
 A lot's changing this week and the kids and I, we need to move on. 
 I just need some... space to be... me now or, at least, try. 
 Are you keeping up the memory exercise? 
 Yes, and I will. 
 I've been reading a lot about strengthening memory patterns this week and, um, although, you know, constantly describing a trauma is important to help keep it in the past, a recent experiment on mice proved that what really helps memory is s*x. 
 (Laughs) 
 Although, if I meet someone, I can't really walk up to them and say, 'Hello, gorgeous woman, please sleep with me so I can place my trauma in long-term memory.' 
 Although, at least I could try. 
 It'll sound original. 
 Are you sure about this decision? 
 Yes. 
 (Car alarm beeps) 
 Man : Janet King? 
 I'm serving you a summons to appear in the Equity Division of the Supreme Court. 
 Thank you, ma'am. 
 OK, thanks, Rose. Same time tomorrow. 
 Make sure you lock the gate on the way out. 
 Mummy's starting a new job tomorrow, OK, which means I might be home a little bit late, OK? 
 And I might be a little bit tired. 
 Hm? 
 Yeah. 
 But I promise that I will try and read you a book, OK? 
 At least one. 
 You wanna read a book now? 
 Yes. 
 Which one? 
 The Man With The Messy Hair. 
 This one. 
 Oh, OK. Alright. Let's have a look. 
 And maybe we can do this one as well. 
 One each? What do you reckon? 
 Yes? 
 This one. 
 This one. Here we go. 
 Can you read all of it? 
 Yes, I promise I will try. 
 (Yawns) 
 'The Man With The Messy Hair...' 
 GPS : In 50 metres, you will have reached your destination. 
 (Quietly) Right. 
 
 
 
 Morning. 
 Morning. 
 Hell of a drive, huh? 
 Halfway here, I was thinking I should've packed my passport. 
 Flat white? We're doing a run. 
 Yeah, thanks. That'd be great. 
 I thought she got to choose her own Counsel Assisting. 
 She did. 
 Oh, wow! 
 I know. Caught me off guard too. 
 She claimed she wanted a fearless interrogator but I think my masculine charm finally broke her Sapphic defences. 
 Anything's possible, I suppose. 
 Think she only went with me to make sure she got Andy. 
 No, the AG picked you. 
 From the area, already knew Janet. 
 It seemed to make sense. 
 She just went along with it. 
 Commissioner King, welcome. 
 You must be Heather O'Connor. 
 Yes, hi. Nice to meet you. 
 Likewise. 
 Commissioner. 
 How's the set-up? OK? 
 Fine. You're in there. 
 Far from the madding crowd. Good. 
 So we don't waste words, I take it. 
 They're the diamonds of social interaction - beautiful and strong but rare. 
 Alright. Welcome, everyone. 
 So our goal is to give the government a set of recommendations to reduce gun crime in the city - that's it. 
 And the only way we can achieve that is by understanding who's illegally importing these prohibited guns, who's controlling them and how they're being circulated. 
 Andy? 
 15 months ago, a gambling addict named Felix Murphy was shot through the leg while being held down in Lansdowne Park. 
 Now, that's where our term of reference begins. 
 Unfortunately, he remembers nothing about the incident. 
 Including who shot him? 
 Complete blank. 
 Unfortunate. 
 Then we've got around one shooting a month and, in 13 of those, the weapon used was a Zodiac semi-auto - about seven different ones, with a couple used more than once. 
 Then, a few nights ago, Todd Wilson was shot, but not with a Zodiac, and the ballistics on that don't fit any identifiable weapon... 
 Man : Andy? Mate? 
 Excuse me. I'm sorry. 
 So let's think about Todd Wilson. 
 What do we know already? 
 Pretty popular at school, good footballer, both parents deceased. 
 Studied electrical engineering at TAFE. 
 Fixed EFTPOS machines for a living. 
 Married his best mate's sister two years ago. 
 That's Elaheh? 
 Correct. 
 She did science. Works in biomedia. 
 Pregnant with number one. 
 He's a bit of a larrikin but no real criminal history. 
 He has a beer with his mates on Australia Day, picks up the barmaid, offers her a lift to Star Casino. 
 A bird, a beer and a punt. What more does a bloke want on Australia Day? 
 Who's this barmaid? 
 Er, bar manager. 
 Keisha Gibson. 
 And what do we think? 
 One-night stand? Lover? Just friends? 
 Hmm... 
 Although he did call his wife, tell her what he was doing. 
 So he's smart but he still left his pregnant wife, who hates gambling, to go to the casino with a good-looking girl. 
 I don't know. Call me suspicious. 
 News? 
 Yeah, there was a T-bone crash on Chapel Road and Heath Street about three minutes after the shooting and Andy's just bringing up that CCTV footage now. 
 Turns out that was between a woman by the name of Jane Carter and a small-time dealer called George Healy. 
 And, while it could be a coincidence, that's about where his car would've been if he'd shot Todd, then sped off home. 
 And he had half a kilo of coke in the passenger door. 
 Personal use for George. 
 What's he said? Anything? 
 Did a runner. Haven't found him. 
 You checked with that Vietnamese bloke, the bookie? 
 Bao Long? Yeah, we did. 
 Not there either. You know George? 
 Got him a Section 10 on a PCA by signing him up for Meals on Wheels. 
 He sent me a case of stubbies for that. 
 Any other ideas where he might be? 
 I wouldn't call us close. 
 Well, on top of the shooting, Jane Carter is in a coma in ICU with burns to 50% of her body, so he's in trouble everywhere at the moment. 
 Terry's also brought in Keisha's interview. 
 Great. Let's set it up. 
 They're wrong about George. 
 He acts tough but he's not a hitman. 
 Those two potato heads just wanna pin it on him. So bloody typical. 
 Potato heads? 
 They've got one idea that barely fits with anything and suddenly it's the only theory. 
 You see that with cops all the time here. 
 If it sounds good and gets 'em out of work, bewdy! 
 Write it up in the day book, read it out in court and away they go. 
 Just so bloody lazy. 
 Andy's my husband, Heather. 
 Thank you for bloody telling me. 
 Thanks for picking those up for me. 
 Ta. 
 (Exhales) 
 George? It's Heather. 
 Get in touch if you wanna talk through your options, yeah? 
 Bye, mate. 
 So you'd just quit work and Todd offered you a lift, yeah? 
 Wait. No, I asked. 
 He said he was going down to Darling Harbour and I said could he give me a lift to the casino. 
 So, um... 
 Um, he called his wife to tell her he was hitting the blackjack tables but he wasn't, I don't think. 
 There was something he was hiding. 
 I ca... I can't remember. 
 It's so hard. 
 But he was really happy, like, really excited and... and that's when he pulled over and... 
 I need the receipt. 
 I think it's in the back. 
 Hang on a sec. 
 I know... 
 He's looking for something and suddenly these headlights... 
 They're on high beam and they're right behind us and Todd jumps out... 
 (Silence) 
 (Gunshot) 
 (Screams) 
 (Shrieks) 
 (Silence) 
 (Sobs) Todd... 
 Andy : Why did you run, Keisha? 
 (Sobs) 
 I wasn't gonna just stand there and get shot too. 
 Trajectory of the bullet and blood splatter analysis confirms she didn't do it herself. 
 She was inside the car and the bullet came from outside. 
 Can we make sure she talks to us, please? 
 OK, we'll continue this afternoon. 
 Gotta wave the flag first. 
 Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the formal opening of the Royal Commission into Serious Firearm Crimes. 
 I want to begin by acknowledging the presence here today of so many people whose lives have been profoundly affected by these appalling tragedies. 
 The shock and rage and loss of all survivors cannot be overstated but this Commission isn't here for revenge or punishment. 
 We are, instead, committed to the pursuit of truth in order to reinforce the sanctity of life as a fundamental right for all Australians. 
 As a mark of respect and to underline the significance of why we are here, please may I ask everyone to stand and observe a minute's silence for all the victims of firearm crime whose untimely deaths are the reason this Commission has been formed. 
 Patrick Bocarro. Welcome. 
 Thank you. 
 Inspiring words, and long overdue. 
 I mean, people should hear 'Bankstown' and think Paul Keating, Steve Waugh - prime ministers, sporting icons. 
 That's what Bankstown's really about, hard work and success and not this other rubbish. 
 I agree. 
 Look, if there's anything I can do to help, just say the word. 
 Well, if anyone can tell us anything about this other rubbish, please, tell them to drop in. 
 Done. Let's stay in touch. 
 Thank you. I will. 
 You do know who he is? 
 Young high-flyer, former mayor. 
 Head of the Business Council or something. 
 He also played in the Aussie at the Ambrose last weekend. 
 Ambrose? 
 Golf. 
 His teammate was the Attorney General. 
 And you know this because...? 
 I was in the group ahead of them. 
 Just saying. 
 I knew I picked you for a reason. 
 Mm-hm. 
 So, a potato head, huh? 
 Yeah, well, historically it's a term of deep affection. 
 (Chuckles) Hey, do you reckon you can reach George Healy? 
 Maybe. 
 OK, well if you can, let me know, yeah? 
 Elaheh was hoping you might have a minute. 
 Sure. 
 Here we are. 
 Please tell me that speech wasn't just for the cameras. 
 Will you be able to find the truth? 
 We will find answers, Mrs Wilson, yes. 
 Elaheh. 
 Don't tell me that if it isn't possible. 
 We'll do all we can. I promise. 
 I googled you last night. 
 Your partner was also shot dead. 
 It's sad we have that in common. 
 Who did it? 
 We don't know. 
 Still? After all these years? 
 Two years ago last month. 
 No idea at all? 
 No idea who would do that to her? 
 They think it was meant for me. 
 Elaheh, I know what it's like to walk through a day thinking they've just gone to work... and expecting them home any second. 
 I know how much it hurts. 
 I have meant everything I've said. 
 The last time he called, I knew he wasn't telling the truth about going there to play blackjack. 
 But he said he wouldn't be long. 
 So what was he doing, Janet, with that girl? 
 What was he doing? 
 This pain, it never ends. 
 Some days it's easier. 
 (Train rattles past in distance) 
 Woman : Who is it? 
 It's Richard Stirling from the Royal Commission. 
 Er, they're just my flatmates. 
 Hey. 
 Hey. 
 So, Royal Commission, huh? 
 Yes. 
 Um, we wanted to talk to you and I thought, you know, rather than delivering a summons, it might be more friendly if I dropped by and invited you personally. 
 I've already talked to the police. 
 I know. 
 I just wanna forget about it now. 
 But we have to dig a little deeper. 
 Into what? 
 Well, for example, the nature of your relationship with Todd. 
 Oh, for fu... 
 What do you think I do, hook up with every guy who comes to the club? 
 No, no. 
 But he told Elaheh he was gonna play blackjack when you said he wasn't. 
 He wasn't. He was just going there to pick something up. 
 Drugs? 
 What? 
 Cocaine, maybe? 
 No! 
 Not that sort of a pick-up but... 
 A receipt. 
 That's what he said he'd lost, when he was... when he was looking in the back. 
 I... I don't think you get a receipt for a drug buy, do you? 
 Perhaps not. 
 Look, Todd loved Elaheh. 
 He was doing everything for her. 
 It was all about her and building the nursery for the baby. 
 (Knock at door) 
 Keisha, it's Brett. You in? 
 Yeah, coming. 
 He was just giving me a lift. 
 Honestly. I don't... 
 I don't know what else he was up to. 
 Won't be a sec. 
 Yep. 
 Hey. How are you going? 
 (Sighs) 
 Yeah, I know. 
 Yeah, how's that happen, huh? 
 We're all having a drink, an hour later... Jesus. 
 Yeah. 
 I just keep thinking, if he was in trouble, why wouldn't he have said something to me and Amil? 
 We've known Todd forever. 
 Why didn't he say something? 
 (Conversation continues in distance) 
 (Phone rings) 
 (Phone continues ringing) 
 Er, yeah, sorry. I think I just... 
 I think I just need some time. 
 Yes? 
 Janet : Richard, where are you? 
 Keisha's bedroom. 
 Her bedroom? 
 It's OK. She's outside. 
 OK, will you get out of there? 
 You were supposed to bring her here! 
 Oh, my stars. 
 Richard? 
 Sorry. 
 No, don't worry. 
 It's cool. I get it. 
 Hey, just... just before I go. 
 That afternoon, did you hear Todd going on about some sweet deal he pulled off? 
 Er, no. 
 You didn't? 
 Mm-mm. 
 Thanks. 
 Sure. 
 Sorry. 
 No, no. It's, er... It's fine. 
 Um, anyway, why don't you call me with a time? 
 If that's all 100s and 50s, must've been half a million at least. 
 And bloodstained. 
 Blood all over the outside. 
 Although I thought about taking it... 
 You didn't have a search warrant. 
 No. 
 Let's call State Crime Command, get a warrant, be there in no time. 
 Hang on. Is that good for us? 
 Are you kidding? 
 It's potentially the victim's backpack stuffed with the proceeds of crime. 
 It's vital evidence. 
 We can't just leave it there. 
 I have to agree. 
 It could vanish, just like that. 
 She could drive into the bush, bury the money, burn the backpack and we've lost the lot. 
 OK, well, what about calling the police, asking them... 
 I am the police. 
 True. 
 So you could apply for a warrant. 
 Is that a problem? 
 They'll ask why we think she's hiding something. 
 We'll show that photo. 
 Won't we also get asked who took it? 
 Probably. 
 And the answer is... 
 A Royal Commission officer. 
 Who was on his own, unauthorised, snooping through a girl's bedroom we're about to call as a witness. 
 It is still reasonable grounds. 
 On the public record, we'd look like idiotic sleazebags. 
 It's a mildly embarrassing footnote! 
 Some people would kill for that story. 
 Some would kill for half a million. 
 Yeah, someone did. 
 Well, if they killed for it, why didn't they take it? 
 Or did they? 
 The shooter kills Todd, she runs off with the money and, sometime soon, they're gonna meet up and split it? 
 Yeah, so if we leave it with her, she takes us to the killer. 
 But if we take it off her, we've blown that chance forever. 
 Meanwhile, you've got me and a bunch of lawyers. 
 How are we gonna keep tabs on her? 
 Put on coats and dark glasses and hope she doesn't notice? 
 I'm in. 
 May I ask what Mr Stirling was doing in this woman's bedroom? 
 Nothing inappropriate. 
 She's a key witness. 
 He's your recommendation, remember. 
 My issue is, for this to work, we need surveillance on her 24/7 as soon as possible and the state police have limited resources so I have to call on the Federal Police, who can be expensive. 
 I told you your Royal Commission is an open chequebook. 
 Still, I'd rather you know my fiscal intentions than get a shock when the bill arrives. 
 And your terms of reference? 
 Still sufficient? 
 Or would you like to widen the timeframe, go back 2, 3 years, perhaps, instead of 15 months? 
 No, it's fine. 
 We just need the Feds. 
 Goodnight! 
 Twins : Goodnight, Mummy! 
 Woman : (On voice-mail) 
 Hi, Janet. It's... it's me. 
 You probably got the summons today and, um, I'm calling to say I don't... I don't wanna go to court. 
 I'm sure that Ash would think it was ridiculous. 
 I just need a response, a call. 
 Just text, email, something, please? 
 I hope you're well and, er, please give those gorgeous kids a big squish from Aunty Deb. 
 Talk soon, yeah? Bye. 
 Bye. 
 Morning. 
 Good morning. You look happy. 
 We've got a theory. 
 Sounds ominous. 
 Keisha said that Todd wasn't going to the casino to gamble. 
 Elaheh said the same. 
 And he stopped the car to look for a receipt so... 
 We thought he was going to one of those shops on the second floor where there's all those boutiquey places. 
 He'd bought something and was going to pick it up? 
 Yes. 
 Did we ever find a receipt? 
 No, and the police turned the car inside out. 
 But whichever shop it was would still have a record. 
 We could ask them all in a couple of hours. 
 Why didn't he just tell the truth? 
 Because it was for someone else and he didn't want his wife to find out. 
 Well, probably. The question is who? 
 If we find out what it is, there's a chance we might find the answer. 
 Well done. Good work. Go for it. 
 George. 
 Long time no see. 
 Been busy. 
 And you've got a new gig. 
 Yeah. I'm a big-shot now. 
 To hell with pub brawls and contested speeding fines. 
 They threw me in with the heavy hitters. 
 I'll bet they're learning more from you than vice versa. 
 Well, not yet. 
 So far I've managed to insult a copper, offend his wife and barely said boo to the boss so got some ground to make up. 
 Hope I'm not part of that plan. 
 Come on. 
 I built my reputation with all you guys by putting my clients' interests first. 
 That hasn't changed. 
 So how much sh1t am I in? 
 You want it straight? 
 You'll do time. 
 But just swallow that and let's work back. 
 You're facing dangerous driving, leaving a crime scene and possession of a controlled substance. 
 The girl from the other car is in a coma, permanently disfigured and quickly becoming a social media heroine. 
 She just drove straight out, didn't slow down, didn't stop. 
 It won't matter. 
 I can keep explaining why or you could just believe me. 
 But listen to me. Stop being a sad sack. It's not all bad. 
 You can get out of this with two or three on the bottom, if you don't fight it. 
 Maybe the crash left you concussed, you didn't know where you were for a while, you got your memory back, you were full of remorse and turned yourself in, yeah? 
 George, what do you wanna do, two years or eight years? 
 Yeah, OK. 
 When you crashed, were you armed? 
 Still got it? 
 Be smart, then. Even touch it and you'll blow everything. 
 You won't get bail, no remissions, nothing. 
 I'm walking away now, George. 
 Be cool, yeah? 
 Detective Inspector Andy Campbell, George, and you're under arrest so please be sensible. 
 Keep those hands up where we can see. 
 It was a copybook operation. 
 They're checking the gun out now. 
 Heather, well done. 
 That was really great. 
 It's gonna make a huge difference. 
 Hang on. Um, everyone? 
 Doing all our surveillance now, Sergeant Grieve from the AFP. 
 Please, Bianca. 
 TI's activated and timing of ID installs on three houses, plus the roster for 'Eyes On Keisha' that began last night. 
 So far, she came straight home from work. Hasn't left. 
 I've gotta run but I'll meet everyone later. 
 Great. Thanks. 
 She knows her stuff. 
 She does. 
 I worried they'd try and flick us a couple of dummies. 
 They did. I said no and specifically requested Bianca. 
 How do you know her? 
 She was a witness in the Boyd trial. 
 Well prepared, thorough. 
 You remember the good ones. 
 (Phone chimes) 
 Good news? 
 Surprisingly, yes. 
 Yes. 
 Mr Nobakht? 
 Ah, Ms King. Welcome. 
 This is an honour. 
 Is Elaheh here? 
 Of course. Come in. 
 Oh, no, I don't want to intrude. 
 Please. Please. 
 Please, join us for dinner. 
 Oh, no, um... 
 Elaheh : Hello again. 
 Hello. 
 Sorry for the interruption, um... but there are things we know now that I want you to hear from me first. 
 Todd had bought this at one of the shops in the casino complex the day before he died. 
 He'd had it engraved and he was driving back to pick it up. 
 The inscription's in Farsi. 
 (Gasps) 
 (Reads Farsi) 
 'For my sweetest pea, Elaheh... from her naughty panda, Todd.' 
 It was a surprise for you, Elaheh. 
 That's what he was doing that night. 
 (Inhales deeply) 
 But how could he afford this? 
 Well, he obviously got hold of some money. 
 And he also made an enemy. 
 Can you tell me anything about that at all? 
 Who was your enemy, Janet? 
 Why didn't you know him? 
 (Gunfire, glass shatters) 
 (All scream) 
 Do you have any understanding of real people? 
 Real people are governed by self-interest. 
 What will you do with the embryo? 
 Please don't walk away from me. 
 You're willing to let your family become targets, rather than tell the truth? 
 It is the truth! 
 Cash is on the move. 
 She's seen someone. 
 Do you recognise them? 
 I can't see his face. Stand by. 
 You should be thanking me. 
 Thank you for getting me arrested. 
 I'm dead if I talk to you. 
 I need to know where you are. 
 You're not my bodyguard. 
 Doesn't it prove gun crime's out of control? 
 It proves we have a job to do to get these weapons off our streets. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 