Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x09 - Alibi - Star 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x09 - Alibi https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=799&t=31216 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/23/17 07:12 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x09 - Alibi 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 So this is what happened last time on  Star... 
 Protestors : No justice, no peace! 
 I'm gonna call the ambulance for you right now. 
 You got the wrong guy. 
 If you're lucky, they'll offer you a plea deal with a minimum of five years. 
 I might consider that. 
 Star :  We got to get him out of this. 
 Carlotta :  Ain't nobody got $25,000 layin' around. 
 You might want to donate to a good cause. 
 Take some money. 
 Cotton :  I met a man, children. 
 I still have a pen1s. 
 Elliot :  I hope I don't let you down. 
 I am a man. 
 Say it! 
 Just trying to help. 
 Get out. 
 (gasps) SIMONE:  What if they come looking for us? 
 They won't, okay? Just put it out your head. 
 Where's my daughter? 
 That's rented to an Otis Leecan. 
 Belkin :  Looks like we got our John Doe. 
 There's cameras everywhere. 
 It's called an alibi. 
 Alexandra :  Turns out she has mad pipes. 
 Jahil : It's a hit. 
 Conny :  That new girl is fire. 
 Jahil : I'm adding Eva to the group. 
 I quit. 
 Carlotta :  Lord, she's out there somewhere, hurt, upset and confused. 
 She needs to realize she's her own worst enemy. 
 I got to talk some sense into this girl. Why don't you come in the house, sweetie? You must be freezing cold. Oh, God. Cut the crap, Arlene. You don't like me, and the only reason you haven't called the cops yet is because you know exactly what I'll them that your son did to me. Perfect, let's just act like we normally do. Whatever issue that you have with my son can be handled, I'm sure, very quietly. We're not gonna have any problems as long as your son learns to keep his hands off of me. And he will. Yes. Arlene, regardless of what you think, I like your son. And I'm gonna fix whatever it is you messed up in him. Oh, let me just... Mom. Mom, relax. Star isn't going anywhere. Shut up. You will not do what your father did to me. Am I clear? Yeah. That you're willing to take all of this says a lot about who you are. Wow. I don't know who's worse between you and your mother. But you sure are a weird-ass little couple. Why didn't you call me? I was home. I would've let you in. I left the group. Why? Jahil put Eva in the group. Probably sleeping with her, too. I don't know where that conniving little lost puppy came from, but if he wants her, he can have her. What'd the girls say? I haven't talked to them since I walked out of rehearsal, which is... the only reason that I'm here. Don't touch me. How do you think this is about to go, Hunter? Do you really think I haven't been through this scenario before? I don't care what issues you have. I do not feel bad for you. And if you ever try to put your hands on me again, I will end you and destroy your career. (quietly): I'm sorry. (indistinct chatter) I really appreciate you stepping in. Girl, I'm just glad you called me. We was getting robbed left and right over there at Curls and Weaves. Mm. Kids coming in with guns. I was scared to go to work. (laughs) What you laughing at, Bruce? Bruce : Girl, ain't nobody stupid enough to come in here. Not with your crazy ass, the way you keep secret weapons stashed in here. ♪ ♪ Look, I want to know why Cotton left. (phone ringing) I want to know if your check gonna bounce again. God's Blessings. Woman : Is Cotton there? No. Cotton's not here right now. How can I help you? I want to make an appointment. Where is that Latin niece of Jahil's that's supposed to be round here helping? The only available time we got isn't till next Friday. Next Friday?! I need to see her tomorrow. Well, I don't need an attitude. I told you that Cotton's not here. (line clicks) Hello? Girl, you know that Star done ran off, too. (laughs) Hush! Man, people be rude. Any word from her? She ain't calling me back. Jahil really got to her this time. Yeah, but Jahil was wrong for what he did. This is crazy. Miss Carlotta? Alex is gonna take me to school today. Carlotta : Okay, good. I got enough going on around here as it is. ♪ ♪ Simone, what are you doing? Where we going? Hunter's. Something ain't right. Eva : ♪ Me haces sentir ♪ 
♪ Like I've never been loved before ♪ 
♪  Before  ♪ 
♪ Deseando got me hoping it's real ♪ 
♪  Real  ♪ 
♪ 'Cause I never had someone like you ♪ 
♪  Like you  ♪ 
♪ Nunca tuve alguien como tú ♪ 
♪ Feeling crazy 'cause you know I care ♪ 
♪ Uh, you the only one to take me there ♪ 
♪ Every second, every hour ♪ 
♪ I'm fightin' for air, uh ♪ 
♪ I can make this feeling disappear, I'm starting ♪ 
♪ To trust you, it's scary to know that the loving is strong ♪ 
♪ I got to use caution, can't tell what's right from wrong ♪ 
♪ It comes when you touch me, boy, you don't know ♪ 
♪ But there's something different with you, Lord knows ♪ 
♪ Me haces sentir ♪ 
♪ Like I've never been loved before ♪ 
♪  Before  ♪ 
♪ Deseando got me hoping it's real ♪ 
♪ 'Cause I never had someone like you ♪ 
♪  Like you.  ♪ (music stops) (laughs) (chuckles) (whoops) That's good, baby. That's really good. I'm gonna get you out of that salon. It's time to focus more on you. Wow. Good. 'Cause I don't belong there. You know you don't. I love this song. Where'd it come from? I wrote it back in the day. You wrote it? It's hot. How come you never recorded it? I don't know, I guess because of the Spanish. I never had no one who could sing it before. Huh. Until now. So, now you trying to connect with your Latin roots? What's that supposed to mean? I didn't think you were about that. I don't know, I guess I always thought that having a white girl up front and center was gonna be the thing that rakes in the cash. But, you know, you get to a point where it's like, maybe you're finally even proud of who you are. I mean me. As a Latino. Yeah. It ain't got to be all about the great white way. I mean, there's this whole beautiful Latin market out there that's just waiting for me. For us. And it's big. Yeah. Anyway. Where's Star? I know she's here. She's upstairs. Okay. Well, we'll just stand here until she's ready to talk. Hmm. Star! Star! Sta... I'm gonna shower. Why haven't you been answering my phone calls? 'Cause I wasn't ready to talk to you. And because you've already taken your side. What's that even supposed to mean? Neither one of you had a damn thing to say when Jahil decided to put Eva in the group. Okay, well, none of us knew about it, it was a shock to both of us. Well, we sure had different reactions to it, didn't we? We're not here to fight. All right? Just come home. We have things to figure out. It's nothing to figure out, Alex. If JLo's in, I'm out. That's it. (scoffs) Simone : Congratulations. You've just found a house big enough for your ego. (door closes) ♪ I bring me ♪ 
♪ Get mine, 'bout mine, go hard ♪ 
♪ Looking for another like me ♪ 
♪ Boy, stop ♪ 
♪ I bring me ♪ 
♪ Whose love is the tightest? ♪ 
♪ Whose kiss is the nicest? ♪ 
♪ Me ♪ 
♪ I bring, I bring, I bring me ♪ 
♪ Serving back to back jone rap ♪ 
♪ Want to be a trap clone ♪ 
♪ Standing in the kitchen with my wife-beater on ♪ 
♪ Selling dope out the pot straight drop it's all there ♪ 
♪ All there, and I just ran ♪ 
♪ Through the bag it's all there, all there... ♪ Hey. Can we talk? ♪  All there  ♪ 
♪ Twenty-eight ♪ 
♪ 36 a thousand all there ♪ 
♪ Selling dope out the pot straight drop... ♪ I-I kind of need a favor. What kind of favor are we talking about? So, I quit my daytime job, and I need some extra hours. ♪ It's all there... ♪ Cotton... nothing comes for free. ♪ I'll whip a B in this... word up ♪ 
♪ Automatic I don't need a key up in this ♪ 
♪ Cartier don't you see the C... ♪ You're either gonna help me or you're not. You're lucky you even have a job with me. In Atlanta, most of the clubs won't even take on your type. But with you, I see a money-making opportunity. You're my little unicorn. ♪ It's all there, just ran through the bag, it's all there ♪ But right now, I can't hire you. I'm packed. Unless... ♪ 28, 36 a thousand all there ♪ 
♪ Selling dope out the pot straight drop... ♪ Jahil : Hey. Why don't you take your hands off her, Maggie? You know, you're lucky I allow you in this club. You're lucky. Because you've been nothing but a dick. My debt is paid to you. I know that. But you'll be borrowing more money soon. ♪ Pull up to the spot you might just see ya dawg ♪ Huh. Crazies. Thank you. Nah, you always got my back with the girls, so I got you. Look, I didn't know you worked this shift, at the club. I don't. I came trying to pick up some more hours. What did Maggie say? No. Well, between working here, and at your mom's and that little side hustle you got, I figure you'd be stacking paper. I quit. Quit Carlotta's? And that side hustle. What? No. Come on. (laughing): Whoa! Yeah, I had to get out of there. No, look. I get it. You know, leaving your mom, and that whole born again thing. But you sure you ready to give up the life? Yeah, it's time. I mean, I hate it here. I can't stand these hoes. ♪ All there, yeah... ♪ Hey, I need a place to stay. Do you know anybody maybe with an extra room? ♪ All there... ♪ You know what? Actually, I do. (knocking on door) Damn, baby. Look at you. Looking fine as ever. How you doing? What's up, babe? Oh, hell no, Jahil. She can't stay here. Hey, I know I didn't tell you who it was, but we take care of each other, right? Yeah. And I've been good to you? You have. You'll let me make it up to you? Yeah. Just let her stay for like a second. I'm gonna make it up to you, (whispering): in a special way, you know what I'm saying? Hmm? All right. But I want you to know that I'm only doing this for Jahil. I can't believe I'm letting this bitch stay in my house. Hey, thank you, baby. You know I love you, right? Really? What? What can I do to make you feel better? I don't know, you could start with not hitting me? (both laugh) Why, why are we laughing? (groans) You know you can stay here as long as you want. It's just gonna be a few days. I really can't leave my sister, but I got to grab a few things from the salon, so it'll be like five minutes, cool? Cool. Alexandra :  I think we got through to her. She knows she needs us. You really think Star knows that she needs somebody? Actually, yes. She's smart-ish. She's gonna kick us to the curb one day, but for now, she knows good and well she needs us. We all need each other. I'm not gonna take the plea. I'm not guilty. So, I might as well go to a trial, take my chances. So what if it is a risk? Now you're talking like you got some sense. (chuckles) (siren chirping) (indistinct shouting) Woman : Get in the house, right now! Derek : What are they doing here? Alexandra : I don't know. (indistinct chatter) Hold up, what y'all want? Detective Batista, Atlanta Homicide. We're looking for Carlotta Brown. Can I help you? Juanita Phillips, with Child Services. Miss, you don't understand. I can explain everything. Phillips : Simone, I'm gonna need you to come with me. No, you're crazy if you think I'm going back there. Miss Carlotta, do something. They can't just take her. Simone, please, don't make this difficult. Miss Carlotta, please don't let them take me away. Look, don't do this. The-The girl has been through enough. Simone! No! No, I said I ain't going there! (all shouting, screaming) No! Don't take her! You can't take her! Carlotta! No! Get off of her! C, no! C! Let her go! Get off of me! She don't want to go with you. Miss Carlotta, please! What'd I do? Nothing, you just got me tripping. Well, you can trip. You deserve it. (both chuckle) You know, you're the real thing, Cotton. You live your life by your own rules, and you don't give a damn if people don't get it. It's taken me a long time to get there. ♪  Don't push it, don't force it...  ♪ Look, I got to ask you something. ♪  It will surely happen  ♪ 
♪  If love was meant to be...  ♪ Do you have HIV? No. No, and I'm on PrEP. ♪ When I'm in the mood for love... ♪ Are you still hooking? ♪ I can't control my passion... ♪ Yeah. You still got a pimp? ♪  Don't push it, don't force it...  ♪ Come on, Elliot. Look at this face, baby. Does this look like the face of a street walker to you? ♪  Don't push it...  ♪ (both chuckle) ♪  It will surely happen, if love was meant to be...  ♪ Sometimes I don't know. I just... I feel like another john. No, baby, you mean so much more than that. ♪ I can't fight this feeling... ♪ (sighs) Here, if you want me to stop hooking, okay. ♪  It will surely happen...  ♪ I want you all to myself. ♪ Don't push it, don't force it ♪ (indistinct radio transmission) (indistinct chatter) Okay. I'll answer any question you want. Please, just tell me where you took Simone. She's being taken care of. This is crazy. I can't believe you guys are doing this. Do you know what happened to her? We're doing our job. Y'all can't let that girl go back into the system. You knew Simone was a runaway and you never reported it to authorities? My babies just showed up here out the blue. They needed me. So, Simone didn't come alone. Her sister, Star, came, too. Right now you're being considered as a person of interest in the murder of Otis Leecan. Now, I'm gonna give you a minute. Collect your thoughts. And when I come back in, you're gonna start from the beginning. What you think you gonna find? (sighs) What the hell is this? Hunter, stop the car. (indistinct chatter) Girl, go on in there! I don't know what's going on. What's happening? I don't know. (indistinct chatter) Excuse me, ma'am! Ma'am! Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! You can't be here. I can be here. I live here. I understand that, but there's an investigation going on. I need to see Miss Carlotta. This is her salon and I live in this house, so I'm going inside. Thank you. Who do you think you're talking to? Are you touching me now? Relax. Did you just touch me? 
 
 Star, right? Yeah. I'm Detective Batista. Why don't you come inside? To my own house? Thank you so much. Miss Brown's in the kitchen. Where is Simone? Where's Simone? Look, Star... Yo, you're scaring me. Where is she? Carlotta, where is Simone? She's gone. Child Protective Services took her. You were supposed to protect us. I'm sorry, there was nothing I could do. You can't keep me in here like this. I need to see my sister. Take a seat. Please. I can't believe this is happening. The police isn't telling me too much, but they think that someone in Miss Brown's house might've been the one that murdered Otis. This isn't going away, Simone. You need to talk to me. Otis was last seen in Atlanta. Did he try to make contact with you? But you ain't white, Simone. You ain't no better than anybody else in this house. When was the last time you saw him? The police think that he came to Atlanta to try to find you. Don't matter where you are. I'm gonna always find you. Because you belong to me, Simone. Y'all didn't do nothing, so I did. What are you saying, Simone? I killed Otis. You killed Mr. Leecan? I took Miss Carlotta's gun and shot him. You realize you're confessing a murder. Yes. And I would do it again. Why didn't you come to me? I could've helped you. Had you put in another home. Have it happen all over again? You know that ain't the first time a foster father has raped me. So, the three of you girls came here to do music? Where is my sister? She's fine. Simone's at the police station with her social worker. I would like to see her now. We'll get to that. How were you able to track down Carlotta Brown? She's a friend of my mother's. Batista : But you hadn't seen her in years, so how'd you find her? Alexandra : The Internet. Through the salon. You girls seem very determined. Not gonna let anyone stand in your way. What's that supposed to mean? Otis was stabbed at the same time that his car and his foster daughter went missing. Then the three of you show up here in Atlanta. That's one hell of a coincidence, wouldn't you say? Yeah, it seems like it. (indistinct whispering) Excuse me. (cell phone buzzes) Now is not a good time. Jahil : Yo, what's going on? What's the deal with all the cops? Where are you? I'm parked down the street. They're in here searching around, questioning us. (sighs) I mean, this whole damn thing could potentially blow up in our faces. Which is why you should turn your ass around and get out of here right now. (Batista speaking indistinctly) Got to go. Make sure you look deep, brother. Hey, Batista, come take a look. Excuse me. I think we found what we were looking for. Simone :  What if I go to jail? I don't want to go to jail. I don't want to go to jail. (alarm wailing) ♪ ♪ 
♪ I told you I'd be your Bonnie, Bonnie ♪ 
♪ And you could be my Clyde ♪ 
♪ But if you betray Bonnie ♪ 
♪ You won't sleep too well at night ♪ 
♪ You shoulda known better making a rookie play ♪ 
♪ Against a player champion ♪ 
♪ I take the money and the gun ♪ 
♪ And then I dial 911 ♪ 
♪ I hope you run faster than them police sirens ♪ 
♪ 'Cause I just skipped town ♪ 
♪ With the getaway driver ♪ 
♪ Bad boy, bad boy ♪ 
♪ Whatcha gonna do ♪ 
♪ When a good girl's ♪ 
♪ Just too good for you? ♪ 
♪ Bad boy ♪ 
♪ What will you do when you're just ♪ 
♪ Too bad to be true? ♪ 
♪ Bad boy, bad boy ♪ 
♪ Whatcha gonna do ♪ 
♪ When a good girl's just too good for you? ♪ 
♪ Bad boy, what will you do ♪ 
♪ When you're just too bad to be true? ♪ 
♪ Bad boy, bad boy... ♪ 
♪ Bad boy, bad boy... ♪ 
♪ Well, it's a shame you placed ♪ 
♪ Your one phone call ♪ 
♪ On the one girl who don't care at all ♪ 
♪ If you rot in jail for the rest of your life ♪ 
♪ This is one of them times ♪ 
♪ You shoulda called your wife, yeah ♪ 
♪ Bad boy, bad boy ♪ 
♪ Whatcha gonna do ♪ 
♪ When a good girl's just too good for you? ♪ 
♪ Bad boy, bad boy ♪ 
♪ What will you do ♪ 
♪ When you're just too bad to be true? ♪ 
♪ Bad boy, bad boy ♪ 
♪ Whatcha gonna do ♪ 
♪ When a good girl's just too good for you? ♪ 
♪ Bad boy ♪ 
♪ Yeah, what will you do ♪ 
♪ When you're just too bad to be true? ♪ 
♪ Bad boy, bad boy ♪ 
♪ Bad boy, bad boy ♪ 
♪ Ooh ♪ (sirens wailing) (police radio chatter) (car door opens) Dispatcher : Assailant's now in custody. African-American female, early 20s. Name as it appears on the driver's license, Carlotta Brown. Miss Brown. I-I can't believe this is happening. I know. I got to call Cotton. How many times I got to tell you? I don't know Otis Leecan. You're lying. What makes you think that? Cut the crap, Carlotta. We have surveillance footage of the hair show. It shows you interacting with Mr. Leecan. Man, I spoke to hundreds of people that night. You know what's interesting about that footage? Your interaction with Otis is the last time he was seen alive. So what that got to do with me? We know you wrote letters to Social Services begging for the custody of those kids. You said you'd do anything to get them. (sighs) I think that included killing Mr. Leecan. Do I need a lawyer? You will... if the ballistics report on the gun that we found at your home turns out to be the murder weapon. It's funny. On paper, you seem to be a hardworking, Bible-thumping, Christian woman. But a zebra can't change its stripes. Can it, Carlotta? I just keep thinking about the first time we got separated. I'm not about to let it happen again. She's all that I've got left. Yeah, well, you've got me, too. And clearly, I'm not going anywhere. This is all your fault, and I hope you know that. Don't even try it, Star. You put her in the house with that sick man. If you hadn't had done that, she wouldn't be here. Look, calm down and listen to me. I'm not about to calm down, Juanita! I begged you for how many years to let me have her. I could've protected her. I was doing my job. All you did was help the courts keep us separated! I'm the reason you two are together now. You're the reason we were torn apart again! Simone just confessed to killing that man. I'm gonna call my lawyer. Juanita... you got to let me talk to her. You got to let me talk to her because she doesn't understand what's going on. She's scared, okay? There's nothing else I can do to help you, Star. She's just making stuff up because she's af... I already turned over Simone's confession to Detective Batista. Why would you...? It is out of my hands right now. (crying) Daughter's here to see you. You okay? I'm fine. Cotton, I'm so sorry about everything. Look, I'm not here to fix anything with you. I just wanted to make sure you was all right. Cotton, you don't understand. No, I do understand. You abandoned me when I was little. And then you chose your pastor and your church over your own child. What he did... was wrong. And I got to live with that. Me, too. How them girls doing? I'm worried. Mama, you in jail. Why don't you stop thinking about those girls for one second and start thinking about yourself? What's gonna happen if charges is brought against you? And what's gonna happen to me? And don't I deserve a mother, too? You know what, I can't even do this. Cotton. Wait. (voice breaking): But you're my baby. (indistinct chatter) All right. Batista, I need to talk to you. Simone didn't do it. She didn't kill Otis. I know what she's saying to you, but she's just scared. She's just telling you whatever it is you want to hear. She seemed pretty adamant. She said she took Miss Brown's gun and shot him. Okay, well, she didn't. She didn't do it. I did. I got to give it to all three of you. Nice try. What? The ballistics report came in. The gun we found on Miss Brown's property was never fired. None of the bullets match the ones recovered at the autopsy. We know Simone was lying. She didn't kill Otis, and neither did you. (chuckles) (sighs heavily) So, when do I get to see my sister? Right this way. (sighs) I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It's over. It's over. What do you...? What do you mean? They know you didn't kill Otis. Star, I'm so confused. I... I thought I actually killed him. I took Miss Carlotta's gun and you took it out of my hands and... I know. I know. But the bullets didn't match. It wasn't you. Then-then who killed Otis? (quietly): Oh, my God. What's going on? Where's Simone? Is she all right? She's fine. She's with Star. You can go, Ms. Brown. Just like that? We'll be holding on to your gun due to your prior. What about Simone? Can she...? I'm gonna request the judge grant you temporary guardianship, pending a formal hearing. Praise God. We need to do what's right by Simone. And right now, that's being with you. I let these girls down once. I won't do it again. Today turned out to be your lucky day. I hope you find whoever did that to Mr. Leecan. Trust me, I will. It's good seeing you again, sweetheart. I'll give you a call next time I'm in town. Thank you, babe. Mm-hmm. (sighs) Who was that? Nobody. Now you're just lying to me. I can explain, Elliot... You said you were working late. Figured I'd surprise you. You told me you quit. I did. But you know my surgery is coming up. I had to stop working at the salon. Look, I didn't have a choice. We all have choices. What I liked about you most... ...was you lived in your truth. I told you you were beautiful. I had you wrong. No, you don't. Baby, don't say that. Stop. Elliot, stop. I think you enjoy what you do. Elliot. Elliot. (knocking) Baby, I... Can we talk? What do you want? Can I come in? My man just left me today. I ain't in the mood for you. Come home, babe, please. This-this has gone far enough... You've been embarrassed of me since day one. I mean, you just tolerate me. Me coming home is to feed your guilt. I'm not embarrassed by you. You are a kind, and loving spirit, despite everything that you've been through. That I've put you through. Do you know how it feels every time I think about what these men do to you? It breaks my heart. You know how I feel to do it? Do you? Oh, you think I like it? It makes my skin crawl. And you know how long I been doing it? Hmm? Since I was 12. Just get out. All right, this is my house now. Go tend to your other daughters. Cotton. Just get out! Get out. Just leave me alone. (door closes) (crying) Don't tell me you using again. Well, then I won't tell you. You don't need that. I want you to look at these lyrics. Okay... I wrote it when Derek was arrested. I mean, I haven't worked on it in a few days, but with everything that's gone on today, I got inspired to finish it. It's beautiful. I thought you'd like it. I think we should do it for Atlanta NextFest. For sure. ♪ I've been fighting shadows ♪ 
♪ My whole life ♪ 
♪ Struggling with what's wrong and what's right ♪ 
♪ Until I found my light ♪ 
♪ On a dark night I've been ♪ 
♪ Been searching for nothing ♪ 
♪ 'Cause I've been, I've been ♪ 
♪ More than enough for too long ♪ 
♪ I've been weary waiting but ♪ 
♪ The time is now ♪ 
♪ So I'll be on ♪ 
♪ My way back home ♪ 
♪ To find the girl ♪ 
♪ I used to know ♪ 
♪ I'll find where I belong ♪ 
♪ I'll be there ♪ 
♪ Even if I take the long way home ♪ 
♪ Even if I take ♪ 
♪ The long way home ♪ (gun clocks) Give me everything that's in that register. ♪ 'Cause the children's spirits ♪ 
♪ Are stolen for power ♪ 
♪ Don't know their names ♪ 
♪ Or their faces, but they're ours ♪ 
♪ We've been ♪ 
♪ Searching for something ♪ 
♪ But we know ♪ 
♪ We've been ♪ 
♪ More than enough for so long... ♪ Carlotta, what did you do? I needed the money. But armed robbery? I mean, do you know how many years you're looking at? What was the money even for? For an abortion. I'm pregnant. ♪ ♪ (yelling) There we go. I did it! Is it a boy or a girl? It's a boy. (laughing) He's beautiful. ♪ ♪ Oh, my God. Oh, my God. (baby crying) Please let me hold my son? Just one time. No, wait! Please don't take him away. Please!  (crying) ♪ ♪ 
♪ So I'll be on ♪ 
♪ My way ♪ 
♪ Back home ♪ That's your mama. ♪ To find ♪ 
♪ The girl I used to know ♪ Mama. Yeah. Yeah. ♪ Even if I take the long way home ♪ 
♪ Even if I ♪ 
♪ Take the long way home ♪ 
♪ Broken street lights is all that I know ♪ 
♪ But them streets ain't paved with gold ♪ 
♪ Far as I know ♪ 
♪ 'Cause the children's spirits are stolen for power ♪ 
♪ Don't know their names or their faces ♪ 
♪ But they're ours ♪ 
♪ We've been ♪ 
♪ Searching for something ♪ 
♪ But we know ♪ 
♪ We've been ♪ 
♪ More than enough for so long ♪ 
♪ So I will be on ♪ (pounding on door) ♪ My way back ♪ Do you know what time it is? ♪ Home ♪ Where is he? What's going on here? You tell me, Jahil. This... this is crazy. Shut up, bitch. You need to get the hell out of here, you dumb slut! I'm a slut? Yeah. You think I don't see you? I know exactly what you're trying to do to me! Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! (all shouting) Hey, hey, hey! Oh, oh, hey! Hey! That's enough! Hey! Hey! Let me ell you something, bitch! That's enough! That's enough! You could never, ever be me! I don't want to be you! He wants me! Well, he needs me. And you know it. This isn't just about Atlanta NextFest, Jahil. I brought you that damn group. I know you did. So stop being stupid. Are you gonna let this gringa come in here talking all this bull? This is what we're gonna do... I'm gonna give you one last chance to get this right, Jahil. What's it gonna be? Eva or Star? (sighs) Eva... (chuckles) ...I got to go with Star. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 