Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x05 - The New Normal - The Man in the High Castle 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x05 - The New Normal https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=167&t=23921 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 11/21/15 10:59 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x05 - The New Normal 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 ♪ Edelweiss, edelweiss ♪ 
♪ Small and white ♪ 
♪ Clean and bright ♪ 
♪ Blossom of snow, may you bloom and grow ♪ 
♪ Bloom and grow forever ♪ 
♪ Edelweiss, edelweiss ♪ 
♪ Bless my homeland forever ♪ 
 [gunshots] 
 [screaming] 
 [siren blaring] 
 [shouting in Japanese] 
 [speaking Japanese] 
 [speaking Japanese] 
 [shouting in Japanese] 
 [speaking Japanese] 
 Nobody leaves. 
 Tagomi-san! 
 Tagomi-san! 
 [speaking Japanese] Go! 
 Tagomi-san! 
 [siren blaring] 
 Your car, Trade Minister. 
 Is this a problem? 
 All foreign visas must be detained. 
 [dog barking] 
 Oh, God, Ed. What the hell are you doing? 
 What am I doing? Frank, what are you doing? 
 Have they said anything yet? 
 About what? 
 About the prince getting shot. 
 I knew I should have shot you in the f*cking leg. 
 Ed, I didn't do it. Someone else shot him. 
 You're the only one that fired that gun. 
 All right now. 
 Go home and stay off the street until work tomorrow. 
 [radio channels changing] 
 Juliana called. 
 What? What did she say? 
 Nothing. 
 You cannot tell anybody about this, okay? Nobody. 
 Okay, Geez. But if you didn't do anything... 
 I was seen! Ed, you can't tell anybody about that gun. 
 This is between you and me. 
 [siren blares] 
 [shouting in Japanese] 
 [speaking Japanese] 
 [door opens] 
 [shouting in Japanese] 
 Everybody off! 
 Man : Whole area closed! 
 You walk! Quickly! 
 [shouting in Japanese] 
 Stand back! 
 Hurry up! 
 [shouting in Japanese] 
 [shouting continues] 
 Woman on radio :...and you want to get it clean... 
 [channels changing] 
 [people speaking Japanese] 
 [channels changing] 
 [people singing] 
 [channels changing] 
 [Woman speaking Japanese] 
 [channels changing] 
 Man on radio :...has new children at home, Dottie and Molly... 
 [channels changing] 
 Frank? 
 ...least expensive system gives all fabrics added life. 
 ♪ Call us and we'll come cleaning ♪ 
 You okay? 
 ♪ South by 4, 7, 2, 6, 5 ♪ 
♪ South by... ♪ 
 [radio off] 
 [sighs] 
 What happened? 
 Ed said you were going to do something terrible. 
 Are you okay? 
 Don't, okay? 
 The Kempeitai, they came looking for you. 
 I'm sorry. 
 Did you find what you were looking for? 
 Maybe the start of something. 
 I don't know. 
 Um, something going on out there. 
 They closed half the city. 
 Yeah, the Jap prince got shot. 
 What? 
 Your ma has been worried about you. 
 You should, uh, you should go see her. 
 [door opens] 
 [door closes] 
 Please try to rest, Your Highness. 
 I have spent the entire night in this chair, Tagomi-san. 
 I am rested. 
 Your Chinese oracle... it cannot foresee every eventuality. 
 Whoever is responsible for this outrage will be brought to justice. 
 [knock on door] 
 [door opens] 
 [speaking Japanese] 
 The final bullet fragments were removed, but he remains in a critical condition. 
 There was an injury to the heart. 
 But you repaired it. 
 We have done all we can, Your Highness. 
 You may sit with him while we wait. 
 [knock on door] 
 There she is. 
 What a nice surprise. 
 Honey. Anne? 
 Come here and look who breezed in. 
 Oh, there you are. 
 Where have you been? 
 What's going on out there? 
 Why are there Japs all over the street? 
 Who knows, Ma? 
 Thank you. Look, I brought you herbs. 
 Oh. 
 Shall I make some tea? 
 No. I'm not drinking that Nip poison anymore. 
 Do you think the Nazis are finally going to invade? 
 I mean, it's like the start of the Occupation all over again. 
 Why don't we let her sit down, honey? 
 Okay? Come on, sit down. Here. 
 Okay. 
 So where have you been hiding? 
 Um... Oh, I haven't been hiding, Ma, just, you know, I've been busy. 
 Hmm. 
 So busy you couldn't stop by and say hi to your mother? 
 I'm sorry. 
 Well, I mean, I thought maybe you got a job or something. 
 No. 
 I'm sure that Frank needed her around, right? 
 Honey, are you all right? 
 Yeah. 
 It's just a terrible thing what they did to that boy. 
 Frank told you? 
 He didn't tell you I came by? 
 Frank will be fine. 
 He's healing already. 
 Wounds heal, but, I don't know... losing your sister and her kids like that, I can't even imagine. 
 I tell you, Hitler was never going to stand for the Jews living here in peace forever. 
 I tell you, that b*st*rd has got a plan for all of us. 
 Okay, okay, it's okay. 
 Have you seen Trudy? 
 Have you seen your sister? 
 Father : Juliana. 
 Juliana. 
 Have you heard anything from your sister? 
 Uh... 
 Not for a few days. 
 Father : I keep telling her don't worry. 
 I'd say "Don't worry. She's a free spirit. She'll be in touch when she's ready," right? 
 Right. I... I'm so sorry. I have to go. 
 Frank. 
 Frank. 
 [sobbing] 
 Ah. 
 I didn't know. 
 [tires screech] 
 Juliana : How did this happen? 
 Uh, I... I don't remember exactly. 
 Look, if you could just stop it bleeding. 
 I can't be late for work. 
 It's one day, Frank. Can't you just stay home? 
 I have to make up the time I missed. 
 If I'd known the damage I'd cause by getting on that damn bus... 
 You had to do something for Trudy. 
 Yeah. 
 I should have talked to you. 
 You'd have gone anyway. 
 Not if I'd known what they'd do to you. 
 And John and Emily. 
 Will there be a funeral? 
 They were incinerated. 
 There's nothing left. 
 Bill must be... 
 [sigh] 
 He's, uh, he's holding a kind of memorial service later, but I... I... 
 I shouldn't be there. 
 Hold still. 
 Can I ask you something? 
 Why did they let you go? 
 They, uh, they caught some woman smuggling films. 
 They thought she had Trudy's. 
 Thanks. 
 So what now? 
 I'm going to work. 
 You can, uh... 
 You can go to the dojo, I guess. 
 Well, does that mean we just... go back to the way things were? 
 We can't ever go back. 
 I'm talking about surviving, getting through today, Juliana. 
 I'm not looking beyond that right now. 
 [knocking] 
 Mr. Tagomi, you've met my faithful bodyguard. 
 They know, don't they? 
 About what? 
 That I'm not Baynes. 
 They took my passport at the Embassy, and they haven't let me out of their sight since. 
 Where's the microfilm now? 
 I don't have it, not at hand. 
 I...swallowed it. 
 And it's proving difficult to relax. 
 At least it's safe. 
 The safety helps no one. 
 I cannot leave here without completing my mission. 
 We no longer have a choice. 
 You said that your oracle favored a connection. 
 Have you lost faith in that? 
 Our mission now is to get you out of the Pacific States alive. 
 Give me one more chance with the Science Minister. 
 The only chance you have is a single shuttle from here to New York tonight. 
 I will retrieve your Swedish passport. 
 Tagomi-san. 
 Risking your life to prevent a world war is one thing. 
 Risking it to save mine was never part of the deal. 
 I will not wash another good man's blood from my hands today. 
 Ed : Did she tell you what happened out there? 
 We didn't really talk about it. 
 Did you tell her about the gun? 
 What did I say to you this morning? 
 Yeah, but I didn't think you meant Jules. 
 What, you didn't think she was covered by "You can't tell anybody"? 
 None of this is my fault, Frank. 
 Whether I fired that thing or not, they could still be looking for me, so keep your mouth shut. 
 [clicking] 
 This is good work, Frank. 
 Thank you, Mr. Wyndam-Matson. 
 You still designing that jewelry of yours? 
 No, sir. I'm done with that. 
 Everything else okay? 
 Yeah. Yeah, everything's back to normal. 
 All of these drains must be checked individually, every one within a 5-kilometer radius of the Embassy. 
 Yes, Inspector. 
 And the alleyways, all... 
 [grunt] 
 If the gunman is not apprehended, Sergeant Yoshida, you will act as Kaishakunin when I commit Seppuku. 
 [Japanese command] 
 [speaking Japanese] 
 Miss Crain, have you reported to the Kempeitai? 
 Why? 
 The dojo is a place of harmony. 
 Nothing can be allowed to interfere with that. 
 They came here? 
 I'm afraid that, as a wanted person, there can be no question of you continuing to practice with us. 
 [speaking Japanese] 
 Um... you've been looking for me. 
 My name is Juliana Crain. 
 Could you tell someone I'm here, please? 
 
 
 
 Mr. Blake, I am Major Klemm. 
 Heil Hitler. 
 Heil Hitler. 
 Apologies for keeping you waiting. 
 I hope it wasn't too uncomfortable. 
 Not as uncomfortable as the ride here. 
 It's not like I expected a parade or anything. 
 Those guys were pretty rough. 
 If you were being watched by insurgents at the truck drop-off, your cover will remain intact. 
 We haven't heard from you since you set off to meet the Man In the High Castle. 
 No. 
 Well, we have several gaps we need to fill. 
 Yoshida : Where were you, Miss Crain? 
 I went to look for my sister. 
 She disappeared. 
 Her name is Trudy. 
 We know her name. 
 Where did you go? 
 The places Trudy loved. 
 Twin Peaks first. 
 When there was no sign of her, I took a bus to Yosemite. 
 You camped there? 
 You told Mr. Frink you were camping. 
 You were listening. 
 Klemm : I don't understand, Mr. Blake. 
 These insurgents on the mountain, what did they want from you? 
 The film. 
 But Obergruppenführer Smith ordered you not to take the film with you. 
 Yes. 
 But I thought I had a real shot at finding the Man In the High Castle. 
 As it turns out, the film was the only thing that convinced him I wasn't a spy. 
 Do you know Randall Baker, Miss Crain? 
 Did your sister ever mention that man? 
 Klemm : So you lost the film. 
 I wouldn't say I lost it. 
 Then you still have it. 
 No. 
 So you lost it. 
 [door closes] 
 What did you lose, Joe? 
 The film I was carrying, sir, was taken from me by Lemuel Washington, leader of the Resistance in Canon City. 
 Carry on, Major. 
 Don't mind me, Joe. 
 No. 
 No, I don't recognize him. 
 Please continue. 
 Smith : Are any pages missing, Major? 
 Klemm : No, Obergruppenführer, I don't believe so. 
 I don't see any mention of the girl. 
 The girl? 
 You don't mean the girl who died in the car. 
 That's the only girl I can think of. 
 The one the Marshal was after? 
 Joe : Honestly, she was no one. 
 Smith : No one? 
 This Marshal, Mr. Kahler, what did he say in his report? 
 Klemm : That Mr. Blake defended the girl, told him to leave her alone because he was using her. 
 That's correct. I thought she was the courier you had told me about, sir. 
 And did Major Klemm tell you how important it is not to leave anything out of this account, Joe? 
 Yes, sir, he did. 
 Look, this whole thing has been a misunderstanding. 
 Yoshida : Look at the picture. 
 I just want things to go back to normal. 
 I've never seen him. 
 Juliana : I came here voluntarily. 
 If I'd known you were looking for me, I would have come back sooner to clear things up. 
 But some things can't be cleared up, can they? 
 Like Mr. Frink's sister... his niece and nephew. 
 We are all subject to rules, Miss Crain, and if we fail to live by them, the consequences are severe. 
 You knew that. 
 Is there anything you would like to add to your transcript, Joe? 
 I don't think so, sir. 
 I'm sorry. Is that a yes or a no? 
 No, Obergruppenführer. 
 You can leave for now. 
 But things will never return to normal for you. 
 They cannot. 
 [sniffle] 
 [clatter] 
 It's okay. 
 Who are you? 
 A friend of Randall's. 
 I'm pretty sure Randall's not here. 
 Randall's dead. I need to know if you delivered the film he gave you. 
 Did you know Trudy? 
 Enough to know how badly she wanted to get that film to Canon City. 
 How do I know this isn't a trap? 
 You won't until it's too late. 
 The film got to where it was supposed to go. 
 Thank you. 
 My turn. 
 The Man In the High Castle... why is he collecting them? 
 All we know is we get them to him and he passes back intelligence that we can use against the Pons. 
 How's that possible? 
 If you came here looking for answers about the films, you'll be disappointed. 
 I came here because Trudy was here. 
 You've lost a lot all at once. 
 I know how that goes. 
 Once you've decided to go on, you've got to find a how. 
 For me, the only way was to fight. 
 It has to be about something more. 
 Sir, I know it doesn't seem like a complete success. 
 But my mission wasn't to retrieve a film or kill the Man In the High Castle, sir. 
 My mission was to identify and gather intelligence on key figures in the Resistance. 
 Then I found Lemuel Washington. I did that. 
 I kept my cover intact. 
 Lemuel Washington disappeared yesterday, along with his entire family. 
 We don't know where he is. 
 Oh, you failed, Joe. 
 You failed. 
 Do you know why you failed? 
 You are one component in a complex machine that only works if every part does exactly what it's supposed to do in sync with the whole. 
 Now, if you decide, without knowing what the other components are doing, to simply go your own way, eventually that machine is going to break down. 
 Don't ever disobey a direct order from me again, Joe. 
 I'm sorry, Obergruppenführer. 
 Okay. 
 Where are you spending VA Day tomorrow, Joe? 
 The files you requested, Obergruppenführer. 
 Thank you. I'll take these home with me. 
 Bring the car around, please. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Well? 
 Uh, I don't know. I don't have any plans. 
 Well, then you'll be my guest. 
 Sir... 
 Joe. 
 I'm inviting you to my house for the celebration. 
 I know you haven't spent a lot of time among your own recently, and, uh, tomorrow's about community. 
 It's about family. 
 Thank you, sir. I'd like that very much. 
 See you there. 
 11 o'clock sharp. Don't be late. 
 Frank. 
 Mr. Crothers? Hi. Ed McCarthy. 
 We've met a couple of times. 
 I'm an old buddy of Frank's. 
 I'm real sorry, sir. Real sorry. 
 Yeah. Me, too. 
 These are all friends of yours and Laura's? 
 And bosses and people I work with. 
 Laura met a few of them. 
 I have to go on working here, and these are honorable people. 
 Do you know how it would look to have no ceremony at all for my family? 
 Frank, you don't have to justify... 
 You're damn right I don't. 
 If there are no answers here, then where do I look? 
 [chuckle] 
 I'm serious. 
 Do you have any idea how many different f*cking ways I nearly died trying to get that film to where it was supposed to go? 
 Okay. 
 We've got one thing. 
 We think someone set up Randall and Trudy. 
 It's the only way the Pons could have known where that film would be. 
 The day they took Randall, he mailed this to the box we use. 
 Name mean anything to you? 
 They had a contact at the Nippon Building. 
 But if whoever this is is leaking information about our activity, we need to know about it. 
 Do you think it could be a link to the films? 
 We don't know. 
 What we do know is there's a job in there. 
 At the Nippon? 
 They only ever want young women. 
 Anybody over 27 should be married. 
 I wouldn't ask you to do it. 
 I wouldn't ask anybody. 
 Before you go into a government building looking for someone who might have got at least two people killed, you'd better be sure a certain kind of life is no better than death for you. 
 Because that's a choice you might not get to make again. 
 Man : Death is very much part of a life... a natural part of life's cycle for all things and not something to be feared or spoken in hushed tone. 
 Therefore, we must not weep today for the loss of... 
 John and Emilia and Lorna because the spirit is eternal. 
 Emily and Laura. 
 Hi, Frank. 
 Do I know you? 
 You maybe wouldn't remember. 
 Mark Sampson. 
 Laura worked for me for a little while in the hardware store on Mission. 
 You came by a couple of times. 
 Oh. Yeah. 
 You're the artist, right? 
 I... You know, I used to be, I guess. 
 But not anymore. 
 I just want to say that... well, what can be said? I'm sorry. 
 Thank you. Yeah, thanks. 
 If you're ever in the neighborhood and you feel like talking, just drop by. Okay? 
 Number 42, right across from the store. 
 To life, Frank. 
 [speaking Japanese] 
 Ah. Inspector, please. 
 No, thank you, Trade Minister. 
 I will not stay long. 
 I appreciate you coming at such a busy time. 
 What could we not discuss on the telephone? 
 I felt it correct to speak in person. 
 Guests of the Ministry have asked when their passports would be returned. 
 I assured them I would inquire. 
 As soon as their identities are verified and their reasons for being in the Pacific States, all of their documents will be returned. 
 How long do you estimate it will take? 
 I offer no estimate. 
 You met with a foreign visitor at his hotel this morning. 
 I met with several guests. 
 They're honorable businessmen, not assassins. 
 Their time is valuable. 
 All of our time is valuable. 
 I understand what is at stake. 
 Do you? 
 I was with the Royal Couple. 
 So yes, I believe I do. 
 Then no doubt you will understand why I must disappoint you, Trade Minister. 
 I am sorry, but in this instance there will be no exceptions. 
 [toilet flushes] 
 [whistling] 
 [ring] 
 [ring] 
 Baynes. 
 Your guard will change in eight minutes. 
 You have two minutes to get out of your room. 
 Take elevator 3 to the lobby. 
 [ding] 
 Take this. Keep walking. 
 Not too quickly. 
 Your taxi to the airport is waiting. 
 That is a diplomatic ticket and enables you to board any flight in the Pacific States without identification. 
 There will be repercussions for you. 
 I will deal with them. 
 That's him, the Science Minister. 
 And the man with him is named Muller. 
 He knows me. 
 You cannot. 
 Oh. I'm sorry. 
 Excuse me. 
 Excuse me. 
 Excuse me, sir. 
 My apologies, but I know you, don't I? 
 I don't believe so, unless you're familiar with Stockholm. 
 Identity card. 
 I'm told that someone in personnel would see me about a job. 
 You here about a job, too? 
 My name is Juliana Crain. 
 I don't know if you have any positions available at the moment, Mr. Eto. 
 But I'd like to be considered for anything suitable. 
 I type pretty well. 
 I speak some Japanese. 
 I'm a fast learner. 
 Stand. 
 Remove your coat. 
 There may be a role you are suited to, subject to references, here in personnel. 
 Alongside your other work, it would involve undertaking certain personal services as and when I require them. 
 What kind of services? 
 You wish to work here? 
 Yes, sir. 
 It is an honor for a girl like you to be employed here. 
 I know that, sir. 
 It is not for you to question your duties. 
 You simply do. 
 [unzipping] 
 Do you want the job or not? 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 