Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 03x07 - Conscious Uncoupling - Goliath 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 03x07 - Conscious Uncoupling https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=754&t=34539 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/05/19 06:31 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 03x07 - Conscious Uncoupling 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 (panting) 
  ROCHELLE: I've been trying to reach you. 
  It was a pain, but I spoke to every media outlet, I reimbursed every publication for travel expenses. 
  We can talk about you reimbursing me another time. 
  So as far as the media is concerned, Soop is momentarily delayed until TBD. 
  Now, I know what you're thinking: you want to blame someone, most likely me, but this is not my fault. 
  Okay, there is no easy way for me to say this, so I am just going to say it. 
  Soop is dead. 
  Wade froze your bank accounts. 
  We've got no money and no options. 
  Though we do have a pending trademark lawsuit, so that's exciting. 
  Seems Gwyneth's got a bug up her ass about Soop being too close to Goop. 
  Which, obviously, they're different, but that doesn't matter now. 
  And I want to remind you that I did warn you about Wade. 
  I advised you to talk to him about having your own account, but you decided to be sneaky about it. 
  You did. 
  And you had to do it fast, and you didn't get your own line of credit secured, which I advised, so that's why we ended up here. 
  (chuckles) 
  I remember it differently. 
  Of course you do. 
  This is what you do. 
  You know that's not true. 
  We should just agree to disagree. 
  (whispers) 
  I f*cking hate when people say that. 
  - I am going to let you calm down. 
  - Ooh Okay? 
  You call me when you're in a better place. 
  (engine starts in distance) 
  Okay. 
  Very funny. 
  You're upset. 
  I get it, okay? 
  Come on. 
  Diana, stop it! 
  Stop it, Diana. 
  What the f*ck are you doing? 
  What the f*ck are you doing? 
  - (screaming) 
  - (crunching) 
  Shaking loose that faulty memory of yours. 
  (screaming) 
  BILLY: Your Honor, Mr. 
  Blackwood is hiding behind an NDA and refusing to answer - our questions. 
  - Your Honor, the NDA covers what happened at the meeting in Big Sur, which we believe to be completely irrelevant to the matter at hand  
  - and out of the scope of discovery. 
  - BILLY: Well, we don't know if it's irrelevant or not, because we don't know the details of what happened. 
  We propose an evidentiary hearing, get Mr. Blackwood in here, let the court decide if what happened in Big Sur is relevant or not. 
  Absolutely not. 
  That's a terrible idea. 
  PATTY: You're a terrible idea. 
  You're I'm sorry. 
  I'm sorry, Your Honor. 
  Ms. Sen, why don't you explain to us why it's a terrible idea? 
  Yeah, maybe throw in a legal reason or two while you're - Mr. McBride. 
  - I'm sorry. 
  Your Honor, Mr. McBride is simply using his current lawsuit, this illegally solicited class action That's not true. 
  And sanctioned by this very court. 
  Mr. McBride is using this case to go on a fishing expedition for his next one. 
  Well, if the court decides that your client's testimony is not relevant, you can keep your little secrets. 
  We're talking about legally binding documents here, not disclosing a secret handshake to access the clubhouse out back. 
  Your Honor, if the defense denies us access to the information protected by the NDA, then I'm going to need a continuance. 
  Maybe even two. 
  The idea of this case dragging on for months, and me having to babysit the two of you, not appealing. 
  Ms. Miller, when is the earliest possible day we can do this? 
  ERIN: Uh, we have an opening tomorrow morning. 
  Done. 
  Bingo. 
  - Thank you, Your Honor. 
  - I am doing this for me, not for you. 
  Tomorrow's very short notice for us, Your Honor. 
  Work it out, Ms. 
  Sen. 
  - Court dismissed. 
  - BAILIFF: All rise. 
  We get Blackwood in here, Cooperman will sh1t himself. 
  Uh-oh. 
  I hope he doesn't do that. 
  SUMI: It's possible the judge will rule in our favor, and everything you say in court tomorrow will be inadmissible. 
  Well, that sounds like a good thing. 
  - In theory, it should be. 
  - (horse snorts softly) 
  But either way, your testimony is going to be risky. 
  - (laughs) 
  - Oh, my God. 
  You like this, don't you? 
  Uh, maybe. 
  Wade, I'm serious. 
  Billy McBride is going to ask you who signed NDAs. 
  So what's wrong with that? 
  Then he's going to ask you, "Was there anyone else in the room who didn't sign NDAs?" How honest do I have to be? 
  Here's the risk: if you're not completely honest, and you don't mention Diana, you'll perjure yourself. 
  - I can't undo perjury. 
  - (groans) 
  - Diana will be exposed. 
  - And vulnerable. 
  Why didn't you have her sign an NDA? 
  Because I wanted to protect her, and, at the time, I didn't want any evidence that she was even there. 
  I understand how, 11 years ago, that could've made sense. 
  Nobody had a crystal ball and could predict that we would be here, now, but here we are. 
  Huh. 
  What happens if I say that she was there? 
  It becomes a risk not bound by law. 
  Uh, so then she can either keep her f*cking mouth shut, or she can run to Billy and put me up the river. 
  How much are you willing to risk on the strength of your relationship? 
  sh1t. 
  It appears as if I've painted myself into a f*cking pickle. 
  If the judge does not rule in our favor, then Billy has everything he needs. 
  And if the judge does rule in our favor, Billy could still get everything he needs. 
  So it all comes down to me and Diana. 
  How much we trust each other. 
  Wade, you should be scared. 
  Why? 
  She could've already gone running to Billy. 
  You should be asking yourself why she hasn't. 
  What is she waiting for? 
  Guess we'll find out. 
  (indistinct chatter, coins rattling) 
  - DIANA: Hi. 
  - Hi. 
  Why don't you buy me a drink? 
  Hey, Jimmy, a bourbon for the, uh, lady here, - and I better have one, too. 
  - Yes, sir. 
  - On the rocks, please. 
  - Yes, ma'am. 
  - Real ones? 
  - Yeah. 
  (both chuckle) 
  Oh Thank you. 
  Oh. 
  Well, good. 
  - Thank you so much. 
  - Yup. 
  - So 
  - So. 
  Uh, an interesting investment opportunity has come up, and, uh, of course I thought of you first. 
  - Oh, is that right? 
  - Why wouldn't I? 
  I mean, no particular reason, I, uh but I'm flattered. 
  Well, you should be. 
  You're my partner. 
  So I am thinking of rebranding and relaunching Soop. 
  (chuckles) 
  I mean, we, we hit a trademark snag, and, um Well, frankly, it opened my eyes to new, new possibilities. 
  So this would be your opportunity to get in on the ground floor. 
  Yeah, for slop, with, uh, you and, uh, Wade, of course? 
  No, no. 
  No. 
  It's not about Wade. 
  It's about me and my business. 
  Now, what can I count on you for? 
  Well, I'll have to look at the business plan, and of course the prospectus, and, uh then I'll, uh, consider it. 
  I (laughs) 
  I don't need you to consider it, I need your capital. 
  (laughs) 
  Well, I'm not exactly flush - on capital right now, am I? 
  - What about the casino? 
  Well, you see, that's another big slice of baloney to discuss, yeah. 
  So, I'd have to go through the tribal council, and, uh What the f*ck are we talking about here, Joe? 
  (chuckles) 
  Whoa. 
  Simmer down there, chief. 
  Look, I didn't mean to upset you. 
  And yet, you have. 
  - Yeah. 
  - Listen you and I have a very fruitful business relationship. 
  Right? 
  (whispering) 
  Above and below ground. 
  And you have been paid quite handsomely for that. 
  So why don't you take a moment and really think about which side of the coin you want to be on? 
  I see. 
  (regular volume) 
  How's Stephanie? 
  Diana, just She should've sold me Roy's land. 
  She wouldn't be mixed up in this lawsuit. 
  All right, don't. 
  Just don't, okay? 
  Give her my love! 
  What the f*ck are you looking at? 
  Hey, lady, your bad day doesn't have to be my bad day. 
  That's where you're wrong. 
  - Jimmy, cut her off. 
  - Yes, ma'am. 
  Hey, lady, you are messing with the wrong carny whore. 
  Stop. 
  Stop. 
  - Seriously? 
  - Yeah. 
  Uh, did I do something wrong? 
  No. 
  I'll just, I'll see you in class, okay? 
  Okay (exhales) 
  Whatever. 
  (door opens) 
  (sighs) 
  (door closes) 
  - (footsteps approaching) 
  - PATTY: Hey. 
  Your secretary said you have Wade Blackwood on the stand today. 
  I want to watch. 
  I'm sorry, well we can't do that. 
  It's a closed hearing. 
  I just want to hear him say he stole our water. 
  We'll keep you posted. 
  Okay? 
  I promise. 
  ERIN: Do you solemnly state that the evidence you shall give in this matter shall be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God? 
  I do. 
  Uh, Your Honor, she can't be here. 
  She's a witness. 
  PAXTON: Thank you, Ms. Papagian. 
  Excuse me, ma'am? 
  This is a closed hearing. 
  Your Honor, this is Wade Blackwood's sister. 
  So what? 
  So what? 
  Any objections, Mr. McBride? 
  No, Your Honor. 
  Um - What? 
  - (quietly) 
  It's okay. 
  I want her to hear what he says. 
  - Okay? 
  - Okay. 
  Good morning, Mr. Blackwood. 
  - Morning. 
  - I just want to remind you that anything you say is under the penalty of perjury. 
  SUMI: Objection. 
  Mr. Blackwood knows he's under oath. 
  He just took it. 
  Let's move it along, Mr. McBride. 
  BILLY: Yes, Your Honor. 
  Uh, just one more thing. 
  You can plead the Fifth, if you committed any crimes you'd rather not admit to. 
  - That won't be a problem. 
  - Okay, good. 
  How much are you worth? 
  Why don't you tell me? 
  Okay, I will. 
  Two billion dollars. 
  Two billion? 
  Fair enough. 
  Okay. 
  How much land do you own in the Central Valley? 
  About 200,000 acres. 
  Objection. 
  Where is this going? 
  I'm just laying a little groundwork, ma'am. 
  - Lay it a little quicker, Mr. McBride. 
  - Yes, Your Honor. 
  - Thank you. 
  - So, 200,000 acres. 
  Okay, so I'm no mathematician, but I think that's right at about 300 square miles, something like that? 
  - Sounds about right. 
  - What do you grow? 
  - Almonds. 
  - How much water do you use per year? 
  About, uh 400,000 acre-feet. 
  (chuckles) 
  Wow. 
  That's more than two-thirds of what the entire city of Los Angeles uses. 
  - Objection. 
  Counsel is testifying. 
  - (clears throat) 
  BILLY: I'm sorry. 
  My apologies, Your Honor. 
  That was just kind of overwhelming to hear that figure, and I-I-I just blurted it out. 
  You can strike that from the record. 
  PAXTON: Noted. 
  Approximately how many almond trees do you have? 
  I figure (exhales) 
  ten million, over 160,000 acres. 
  And how much is that worth? 
  D-Depending on the market, um a-around, uh, 800 million. 
  - That's a lot of nuts. 
  - Dollars. 
  BILLY: I read somewhere that it takes a gallon of water to grow one almond; is that right? 
  I've I've never done the math. 
  Why does it take so much water? 
  Almonds are a permanent crop. 
  They need to be watered year round or they will die. 
  Objection. 
  Are we there yet? 
  We're there. 
  During the last record drought, the State of California cut your water deliveries. 
  Must have destroyed a lot of your crop. 
  Well, that was a while back, um I believe we had to rip out 40,000 acres of perfectly healthy trees because we just couldn't water them. 
  Probably cost you a lot of money. 
  - Oh, yeah. 
  - Because the state of California cut your water deliveries during the drought. 
  - Yes. 
  - Was the state - in breach of contract? 
  - Yes. 
  And you threatened to sue the state for breach of contract. 
  - Oh, yes. 
  - And how did the state react to that? 
  We made a deal. 
  A deal that give you control over the newly constructed $98 million water bank right here in Blackwood County, right? 
  - Yes. 
  - So, the state of California's entire surplus of water is just sitting there underground in an aquifer, a water bank, right at your feet? 
  - Yes. 
  - That was very kind of them, wasn't it? 
  The state recognized how valuable the Central Valley's agriculture was to the California economy. 
  So when you threatened to sue the state of California, they came to you, knowing how important your almond crop is to the economy, and just gifted you the entire state of California's surplus of water? 
  No. 
  No, I approached them. 
  Oh. 
  You went to them? 
  - Mm-hmm. 
  Yes. 
  - Oh. 
  Well, originally you said they came to you. 
  My mistake. 
  I misspoke. 
  Don't make that mistake again. 
  Understood. 
  Who did you go to from the state? 
  The deputy director of the State Water Department. 
  Spencer Jackson. 
  So, you were given control of the state water bank. 
  What was Spencer Jackson given in return? 
  (chuckles) 
  A whole lot of money. 
  Your Honor, may I have a moment with my client? 
  PAXTON: No. 
  Let me. 
  Mr. Blackwood, you are aware that you can plead the Fifth in order to avoid implicating yourself in a crime? 
  - Yes, sir. 
  - Good. 
  But I am a businessman. 
  I am also a concerned citizen with a vested interest in Mr. Jackson's political career. 
  So you bribed Mr. 
  Jackson to give you the water bank, and then you had him sign an NDA to cover it up. 
  They were not bribes, they were political donations. 
  And it's all legal. 
  And if you don't like it, you can complain to Congress. 
  (chuckles) 
  It's good to be rich, isn't it, Mr. Blackwood? 
  Well, I've been rich and I've been poor, and believe me, rich is better. 
  So, this arrangement, this deal that was made, this was the meeting that was held in 2008 in Big Sur? 
  BLACKWOOD: Yes. 
  - The Big Sur agreement? 
  - Yes, sir. 
  Did everyone at that meeting sign an NDA? 
  - No. 
  - BILLY: No? 
  No. 
  My assistant, Ms. 
  Summers. 
  She signed the NDA, but she was not part of the agreement. 
  - BILLY: Dolores Summers? 
  - Mm-hmm. 
  I understand that she doesn't work for you anymore. 
  - Why is that? 
  - She quit. 
  I wonder why she would do that. 
  I wonder why people do anything. 
  So, in other words, you have no idea. 
  - Yes. 
  I don't. 
  - Can you tell us everyone who signed an NDA who was at the meeting in Big Sur in 2008? 
  Myself, Mr. Jackson, Ms. Summers, Roy Wheeler, Gerry Kernen, Warren Hebb and Marisol Silva. 
  - Marisol Silva? 
  - Mm-hmm. 
  As in the mayor of Los Angeles? 
  That Marisol Silva? 
  Oh, she wasn't mayor at the time. 
  She was a city councilwoman representing the Los Angeles Metropolitan Water District. 
  BILLY: In an official capacity? 
  Because there's no record of Ms. 
  Silva's involvement in the L. A. 
  County Metro Water District. 
  All I know is that she took care of it. 
  I guess you'd have to ask her. 
  I'd love to ask her, but I can't, can I? 
  Because of the NDA. 
  Well, if this hearing goes your way, you can ask her anything you want. 
  But I believe that everything about the Big Sur agreement is legal. 
  The right people signed the right pieces of paper. 
  - For a price. 
  - Still legal. 
  So you just woke up one morning and thought, "I'm gonna rob the state of California's water bank, "and I'm gonna deny the citizens of Blackwood County "their share of water because the water bank is "right here in Blackwood County, my name is Blackwood, so I figure it's mine"? 
  Is that about it? 
  - Objection! 
  Was that even a question? 
  - Yes, it was. 
  Sustained. 
  Mr. 
  McBride, move on. 
  Okay, I'll rephrase it. 
  Once you gained control of the water bank, did you, as president of the Blackwood County Water Board, decide to cut off the residents' water in order to keep the Tall Grass Farming Company, your billion-dollar agricultural conglomerate, profitable? 
  All perfectly legal. 
  Well, I think we should let a jury decide if what you did was perfectly legal. 
  Essentially, you privatized a public resource for your own financial gain. 
  I think they may see it differently than you. 
  Objection. 
  Does Mr. McBride have any actual questions,  
  - or are we done here? 
  - Sustained. 
  Is there anything else, Mr. McBride? 
  BILLY: There is. 
  I got one more thing here. 
  Was this picture taken at the Big Sur meeting? 
  Yes. 
  Okay. 
  Was that before or after the NDAs were signed? 
  After, I think. 
  So it was kind of like a celebration? 
  Objection. 
  This is the first time I've seen that photo. 
  I'm just trying to authenticate the picture, Your Honor. 
  Overruled. 
  You can continue. 
  Thank you, Your Honor. 
  Who took this picture, Mr. Blackwood? 
  Hmm. 
  I don't recall. 
  Hmm. 
  Okay, let's go down the list here. 
  Can we eliminate the four people in the picture, or did you have one of those little fancy timers where you set it and run over there real quick, or something like that, did you? 
  I think we can eliminate the four of us. 
  Okay, so we can eliminate the four of you. 
  That leaves three options: Mr. 
  Jackson, Ms. 
  Silva and Ms. 
  Summers; does that ring a bell? 
  Jog your memory a little bit? 
  Well, actually, it doesn't really matter if you remember or not, because we could just get all three of 'em in here, and we can put 'em on the stand, and they can tell the court who took the picture. 
  Hey It was my sister, Diana. 
  BILLY: Hmm. 
  Okay. 
  So your sister Diana took the picture. 
  - Did she sign an NDA? 
  - No. 
  - But she was at the meeting? 
  - Yes. 
  So I could put her on the stand, and she could testify to everything that was done and said in that meeting in Big Sur? 
  Everything covered by your NDA. 
  - I'm not a lawyer. 
  - Oh, I know that. 
  But I am. 
  The answer is yes. 
  And let me ask you something else. 
  Why did you not make her sign an NDA? 
  Objection. 
  This has gone on far too long. 
  What happened at Big Sur 11 years ago, and who signed an NDA or not and why, clearly has nothing to do with Mr. McBride's clients, and why they don't have water today. 
  Sustained. 
  If you don't have anything else, Mr. McBride, I have heard enough to make my decision. 
  I'm sorry, Your Honor? 
  Do you have anything else, or would you like me to rule now? 
  Okay. 
  Well, I do have something to add. 
  Your Honor, i-if there's one place in America where the powerless and unprotected should be able to come to find justice it should be right here in a court of law. 
  So, before you make your decision, I just want you to consider this. 
  We're living in a time of record inequality. 
  The top one percent is wealthier than the bottom 90% combined. 
  I mean, Mr. 
  Blackwood just explained that when the state had to cut back on his water delivery, he used his privilege and his wealth to gain control of a $100 million water bank, and all the state's surplus of water in return. 
  And where does that leave my clients? 
  Where does it leave any of the 90%, or the 99%? 
  They're-they're not looking to become multibillionaires. 
  They just want a drink of water. 
  In a perfect world (chuckles) 
  this is where we find the truth. 
  And the truth is people are suffering. 
  So, I-I'm just asking you when you're considering this to be fair and just to the 90%. 
  And the 99%. 
  And don't let it become white noise to you. 
  You know MARISOL: In our short time in office, we have sought to restore integrity and accountability to City Hall. 
  But we cannot rest on our accomplishments, because the world is looking to us for leadership and energy and imagination. 
  Because Los Angeles has always been an innovator. 
  We can and we must harness the unbelievable capital of this city to tackle the issues homelessness, inequality and the consequences of a warming planet. 
  But it's not just business and political leaders that are leading the way forward. 
  It's all of you. 
  As I spend time with students like you, I find inspiration in your energy and commitment to making Los Angeles and California the leader in the progressive infrastructures that will serve and protect our delicate environment for years to come. 
  The country is looking for you, the future leaders, to be active and engaged on the local level. 
  It's your local engagement that will inspire the change our government needs. 
  So, pay attention, get loud, and you will begin to see the change this country needs to move forward. 
  Thank you. 
  (cheering) 
  Thank you. 
  Nah, you don't want to do that, do you? 
  Hmm? 
  Don't you have some studying you need to do? 
  Run along. 
  Go ahead, go read a book. 
  And, Denise, tell your dad I said hi. 
  (clicking loudly) 
  Are we gonna talk about what's-her-nuts? 
  What? 
  (footsteps approaching) 
  He'll see you now. 
  (Billy clears his throat) 
  PAXTON: Ms. 
  Sen, please. 
  - Thank you. 
  - (door closes) 
  Mr. Blackwood's testimony is out, as is everything that has to do with the meeting in Big Sur. 
  What do you mean, it's out? 
  It's not relevant to your case, Ms. 
  Papagian. 
  How the defendants got possession of the water bank, no matter how disgusting, has nothing to do with their mismanagement of it since. 
  (Patty groans) 
  So you're in Blackwood's pocket now, too, huh? 
  Watch it, Mr. McBride. 
  You made your point in there and you got my attention. 
  Congratulations. 
  But what do you want me to do with that testimony, hmm? 
  I can't put it in front of a jury. 
  Not only is it irrelevant, it is highly prejudicial. 
  Well, of course it's highly prejudicial. 
  That's why we're suing him. 
  Given the nature of Mr. 
  Blackwood's testimony, we'd like to have the transcript sealed. 
  PAXTON: Granted. 
  - Really?! 
  - Really. 
  And we're asking the court to issue a protective measure preventing any further disclosure under the NDA. 
  - Granted. 
  - So you're gonna leave us with absolutely nothing, is that it? 
  Mr. McBride, you came here with nothing; and you've done nothing but waste my time and Ms. Sen's. 
  Speaking of which, I normally don't like to do this, but Mr. Cooperman has insisted the plaintiffs be responsible - for our costs. 
  - (gasps) 
  Granted. 
  Mr. McBride, you're hereby notified that you're responsible for Mr. 
  Blackwood's attorney's fees for the hearing. 
  Can we be heard at all, or has this become a private transaction between you and Blackwood? 
  I have heard enough from you, Mr. 
  McBride. 
  And you're not helping yourself. 
  SUMI: And finally, we're moving for summary judgment. 
  As Mr. 
  McBride himself has noted, he no longer has any evidence supporting any of his claims. 
  There is no case left. 
  Mr. McBride, you have two weeks to find something, or I'll have no choice but to rule in favor of the defense. 
  And if you don't like that, well, then you can take it up on appeal then. 
  There's no time for appeals. 
  It'll drag on for 20 years and you know it. 
  But these people need water right now. 
  Well, if time is a factor, why don't you get out of my court and settle? 
  We're done here. 
  With all due respect, Your Honor On second thought, forget that part. 
  Good thinking, Mr. McBride. 
  - BILLY: Well - PATTY: Jesus. 
  Wade practically threw her under the bus, so maybe she'll want to talk to us now. 
  PATTY (quietly): Oh God (cigarette lighter clicks) 
  PATTY: No. 
  My God. 
  You're hiding from her up here, aren't you? 
  BILLY: Would you stop the psychoanalysis bullshit, please? 
  PATTY: Oh. 
  Okay, fine. 
  You know why? 
  Because I don't even care - about your imaginary love life. 
  - Mm. 
  PATTY: What I do need to understand, though, is why is she always allowed to get away with it, huh? 
  We don't have any evidence against her. 
  That wouldn't have stopped you before. 
  Well, I got a lot of sh1t on my mind. 
  I don't want to lose this case, all right? 
  Who wants to lose this case? 
  I don't want to lose this case. 
  Who wants to lose this case? 
  Nobody. 
  What I do want is for us to win this, so afterwards, you can take care of this. 
  All right? 
  Of course. 
  That's not a yes. 
  That's what "of course" means, - it means "yes". 
  - PATTY: Nope! 
  - Goddammit. 
  - WOMAN: Come on - (overlapping chatter) 
  - Wait, wait. 
 
 
 
  I don't understand. 
  So Wade Blackwood answered all your questions in trial. 
  It-it was only a hearing. 
  - But you can't tell us what he said? 
  - No. 
  - That's bullshit! 
  - (grumbling) 
  Could you, like, write it down on a napkin? 
  No. 
  The testimony is sealed, and we can't use it if we go to trial. 
  Did Blackwood admit to stealing our water? 
  - Son of a bitch, he admitted it. 
  - I didn't say that. 
  He admitted to screwing us, and you can't use it in court to get our water back? 
  I mean, isn't that our whole case right there? 
  - (all talking at once) 
  - All right Listen, listen. 
  I understand that this is frustrating, okay? 
  But we do have other options to keep the case moving forward. 
  What options? 
  Let me guess - you can't say. 
  - WOMAN 2: Exactly. 
  - We are working on it - (overlapping exclamations) 
  We are doing our best and you have to be patient. 
  Okay. 
  I don't have any water, and the bank is on my ass, so I don't have time to be patient. 
  - Understood. 
  - VIOLET: Are you and McBride even good at being lawyers? 
  'Cause you're doing a sh1t job - from where I'm standing. 
  - (laughter) 
  Okay. 
  Thank you. 
  - Where the f*ck are you going? 
  - Are you gonna let her go? 
  - (exhales) 
  - (door closes) 
  (door opens) 
  Hey! 
  Hey! 
  Hey, you're ditching us? 
  Real nice. 
  We are going up against one of the biggest law firms in the state, representing one of the wealthiest men in the country, and we're doing it pro bono. 
  - Do you know what pro bono means? 
  - Yeah, free. 
  Hey, free. 
  Bingo. 
  It's f*cking free, and you should be so lucky as to have me on your side. 
  And I know that I'm being sharp with you right now, but here's the deal: I'm running on fumes, I am knocked up, my allergies are on fire because I've been running around here here, in Satan's dusty ass crack trying to help you, breathing in God knows what, and now I have a rash. 
  So the least that you and your friends can do is have some patience because, and I'm sorry, you don't have any other options but to let us do our job, which we, by the way, are very f*cking good at! 
  Congratulations. 
  For what? 
  - You're pregnant. 
  - (groans) 
  Yes. 
  Yes, I am. 
  What's up, Wade? 
  Is Diana here? 
  I don't know where she is. 
  Yeah, well, the office is closed. 
  I tried over there. 
  (grunts) 
  Maybe she vanished. 
  (chuckles) 
  - Yeah. 
  - (chuckling) 
  Well, we're not supposed to be talking to each other, so you have a good night Aw, I don't give a sh1t about all that legal crap. 
  - Yeah, I know you don't. 
  - Yeah. 
  Hey, hold on a minute. 
  Hey, Billy. 
  This sure has been fun, hasn't it? 
  - You think? 
  - (chuckles) 
  Look, let's just forget about those lawyers. 
  How do we settle this thing? 
  Huh? 
  Does it really just come down to a number? 
  No, this doesn't work like that. 
  Yeah Come on, Billy how many zeros? 
  Like I said, you have a good night. 
  (engine starts) 
  (engine shuts off) 
  What do you want? 
  (sighs) 
  Are you mad at me? 
  Does it matter? 
  Listen, I'm sorry I had to name you as a co-defendant in this lawsuit, but it was all or nothing. 
  Roy Wheeler's loyalties got all tied up in some dirty business; it's nothing personal against you. 
  I'd like to offer you a settlement. 
  I'll take Wheeler's estate and businesses out of the lawsuit, and, uh and you can spend the inheritance however you want to. 
  What's the catch? 
  I need a little help. 
  See, before Roy died, he got a little loose-lipped with me and, uh, he told me I was looking in the wrong direction when I was checking out the Water Board. 
  Do you know what he meant? 
  It's probably Roy's way of telling you to f*ck off. 
  Yeah, I don't think so. 
  I think it means something. 
  But if you want me to f*ck off, I'll f*ck off but then I won't have the information I need to drop this lawsuit against you. 
  I don't know what Roy meant. 
  Okay. 
  Well, if it comes to you, you know where to find me. 
  Yeah. 
  (motorcycle engine revs) 
  (goat bleats) 
  (exhales) 
  Billy knows you're desperate. 
  Am I? 
  - You should be. 
  - Hmm. 
  Why, are you going to testify against me? 
  Oh, yeah I don't know yet. 
  I'll know after I talk to Billy. 
  Oh. 
  Why don't you make me the same deal you made him? 
  I'll tell you exactly how many zeros it would take. 
  Mm. 
  I don't have to. 
  DIANA: Oh. 
  You trust me that much? 
  Oh, not a bit. 
  Uh-uh. 
  You know, um your tunnel, on federal land, every bit of that was paid for out of that bullshit Fer-de-lance company that you cooked up. 
  So you're on the hook for that. 
  Except it's all your money. 
  Oh, no. 
  No, no, no, no, no. 
  That's your company. 
  Not my company. 
  And the chain of custody of that money leads back to you. 
  And that's the way a jury's gonna see it. 
  (sighs) 
  I warned you. 
  Roy warned you. 
  Digging a tunnel on federal land was going to bite you in the ass, and now it has, and you don't even feel it. 
  We're talking about hard time, Diana. 
  Billy doesn't know anything about the tunnel. 
  Until he does. 
  (chuckling) 
  Well, you'd be shooting yourself in the foot if you told him about it. 
  Oh. 
  Are you so sure about that? 
  - Hmm? 
  - Yes. 
  Hmm, absolutely? 
  Yes. 
  Or (exhales) 
  You and me we can make nice. 
  (chuckles) 
  Truce. 
  (whispers) 
  Never. 
  That's what I love about you. 
  (both laughing) 
  - Ooh, it's getting exciting, isn't it? 
  - (laughing) 
  Really. 
  Mm. 
  It's on. 
  He needs information from Roy. 
  LITTLECROW: (chuckles) 
  That's gonna be kind of tricky (clears throat) 
  him, uh, being dead and all. 
  Yeah. 
  Unless you have the information he's looking for. 
  Right. 
  - Well, do you? 
  - (exhales) 
  Maybe. 
  If I help with the lawsuit, Diana's gonna go after you. 
  She sucks. 
  And I don't want to cause problems for you, Joe. 
  Listen You help Billy McBride, and he'll help you. 
  Are you sure? 
  Oh, yeah. 
  Look, I I know I've been a shitty stepfather and all. 
  Yeah, well It's okay. 
  I just don't want to see you get hurt. 
  Okay. 
  Thanks. 
  See you. 
  (sighs) 
  Patty. 
  So I am not going on the stand. 
  My laundry is not for public viewing, so let's make a deal. 
  I have to talk to Billy. 
  I'd just like to talk to you. 
  I mean, we have the connection. 
  I know you, pretty intimately, and after everything I've done for you Uh, hey, have you tried to contact your mother? 
  You must be so curious. 
  We're gonna subpoena you, and you're gonna answer our questions in court. 
  (chuckles) 
  You don't even know what questions to ask. 
  (engine starts) 
  So what did you put? 
  I don't know. 
  I think it might be, like (mutters) 
  Um, I'll be right back. 
  One second. 
  Hey. 
  Sorry, were you busy? 
  Uh, kind of. 
  What's up? 
  f*ck, sorry, I'm an asshole. 
  What? 
  What's wrong? 
  I think I'm gonna drop out of school. 
  Why? 
  I don't belong here. 
  I hate it. 
  I hate everything about this stupid f*cking place. 
  What happened? 
  I almost just, like, knifed somebody. 
  - I-I don't - What? 
  I went to Marisol's speech, and nothing happened, I just It feels like my brain is spinning out and there's nothing I can do about Marisol, (crying) 
  or my dad, or my life, and I'm, like, drinking too much, and I know that, - I just - Okay, okay. 
  - I feel like I'm drowning. 
  - Come on. 
  All right, look, I'm gonna pack up my stuff, okay? 
  I don't want you to have to do that. 
  Stop, stop. 
  We're gonna go for a walk. 
  You're gonna feel better, I promise. 
  All right, you're just gonna have to work some stuff out, maybe talk to someone, okay? 
  - Okay. 
  - Don't cry. 
  (Diana moans) 
  Mom. 
  Hey. 
  Hi, boys. 
  Um, did you find what you were looking for? 
  Careful. 
  Yes. 
  We only have each other. 
  You know? 
  Just the three of us against the world. 
  What about Uncle Wade? 
  What about him? 
  You two are the only ones that matter. 
  Maybe it's time to cull the herd, as the farmers would say. 
  Let's go for a drive. 
  Uh where are we going, Mom? 
  Oh, shh. 
  (whispers) 
  Give me the keys. 
  Give me the keys. 
  Thank you. 
  Sweet boy. 
  - Whoa, whoa, Mom. 
  - (laughter) 
  Aw, you afraid I might lose control? 
  (shrieks) 
  Jesus, Ma, you can't do that. 
  - You're scaring me. 
  - Just kidding. 
  (engine revving) 
  (wind blowing) 
  (line ringing) 
  (cell phone buzzing) 
  Hey. 
  You studying your brains out? 
  - Trying to. 
  - (chuckles) 
  How about Denise? 
  I haven't heard from her in a while. 
  Yeah, Denise is, um She's okay. 
  I'm introducing her to some people who could help her through the typical freshman rough stuff. 
  Yeah, well, I appreciate it. 
  Listen, I have to tell you something really important, okay? 
  Sure. 
  What's up? 
  Happy birthday. 
  (chuckles) 
  f*cking asshole. 
  (chuckling) 
  What did you think I was gonna say? 
  I don't know, that you got arrested, or that, you know, you f*cking hit someone with your car. 
  You never remembered my birthday. 
  Yeah, well, as they say, there's a first time for everything. 
  Thank you for remembering. 
  Yeah, of course. 
  Hey, I'll call you back later, okay? 
  Good night. 
  All right, honey, happy birthday. 
  Bye. 
  (cell phone beeps) 
  (engine starts) 
  Bad boys with a death wish, they're fun, until one day, you find yourself in the passenger seat, and you're screaming at the top of your lungs to slow the f*ck down, and he's waving a pistol in the air saying, "You want a piece of this? 
 " The next thing you know, you're at a f*cking Waffle House at 3:00 a. m. , and he's taking hostages. 
  - Jesus Christ. 
  - Sorry to get personal. 
  Okay, that's fine, um, I just want to, I just want to go back for a second. 
  How often does Billy talk about dying? 
  Oh, not much, just while he's awake. 
  Oh, okay. 
  Look, the subject comes up around drink five, maybe it's drink seven. 
  You know, the guy's a mess, and let me tell you something, if I'm saying he's a mess, - that's some f - f*cking mess. 
  Yup. 
  - Hey, Rita. 
  - How's it going? 
  - No. 
  That's - (Rita laughs) 
  I-I'm I'm looking for Billy. 
  We're all looking for Billy. 
  Join the club. 
  He's not here. 
  Um, I'm his partner. 
  Can I help you? 
  Um, tell Billy I expect him to follow through with his promise. 
  What's this? 
  It's directions for where to look. 
  (key turns, engine shuts off) 
  (door opens) 
  (door closes) 
  (coyote yipping) 
  (car engine starts) 
  (water dripping) 
  (metallic squeaking) 
  (rushing water) 
  (grunts) 
  (Billy gasps) 
  (gasps) 
  Ah! 
  (gasps) 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 