Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x06 - For Our Safety - The Path 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x06 - For Our Safety https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=610&t=31221 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/23/17 07:12 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x06 - For Our Safety 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "the Path"...  
 Man : We are not free. 
 Even when they unlock the door to this prison, we are still prisoners. 
 Is it okay if I listen? 
 What's your book got to say about what's happening in America? 
 I'm in here because I stood up for people. 
 Outside of our movement. People whose water was being poisoned. 
 Oh, I'm so glad you're here. Can you look at my baby? 
 Go back to the van and get her some more water, okay? 
 I love our life, I love this house. 
 But we can have more. 
 Now that I'm becoming a father, I have needs for my individual family. 
 Like? 
 A new refrigerator for the guest house. 
 I am so sorry, Eddie. 
 [Tense music] 
 ♪ ♪ Doctor : The stuff that Dekkaan puts in that water isn't gonna show up on your average tests. Can you find it? Yeah. But it's not cheap. Sarah : Libby Dekkaan had my son arrested. I have to pull the funding for the water testing. Don't need to have the water tested. I know what's in the f*ckin' water. That's not what blood looks like. That's poison. [Screams] [Suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ Sarah : I want to be clean again. [Fire crackling] I want to be purified. [Fire crackles] [Inhales] [Suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ Are you f*cking crazy? ♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ Chloe : Okay, do you want to run through it again? [Sighs] [Laughs] You don't have to, okay? Fine. Uh, no, no, let's do it. All right, all right, hit it. So there is Alexa... Yes. Who's a newscaster from Phoenix. Right Um, and then there are the Chrises, Chris X, T, B, and S. Yes, the final four are all Chrises this year. It's never happened before. I cannot believe how stupid this show is. I know, it's so dumb. But if you can talk "The Bachelorette", you can get through this or any barbeque. And, not to mention, my cousin's wedding coming up. Wink, wink. Just sayin'. Uh, this is actually it right here, on the left. We don't have to go in. If you think it's too much. [Sighs] No, it's... It's gonna be fine. I want to. I'm moving into the city. I don't want to talk about it. I've already decided. It's a done thing. Um... Don't be mad. [Dramatic music] I'm not mad. ♪ ♪ When did you decide this? In jail. Juvenile Detention. [Sighs] There is so much need... And injustice in this world, and I'm just sitting here, in this big, warm comfortable house... We live simply, according to our values. The fact there are a few comforts here... No, I need to do the work. Not just learn about it, pray about it... I'm glad you feel that way, Hawk. I felt exactly the same way when I was your age. And you got to do it. You got to help build something new. That's what the city center is now, and I want to be a part of it. Can I just say that we are doing important work at the Compound, too? Like the water project in Clarksville? That was outside the scope of our movement. No, you just didn't want me locked up. What's wrong with that? Sometimes there's a price. And you have to be willing to pay it. ♪ ♪ I mean, what's your vision, Mom? Where do you see the light taking us in the years to come? I'm doing the work that Steve wants me to do. Steve is gone! He wrote "The Ladder" in the 70s... The world has changed. What is this? ♪ ♪ I have to get my bus. ♪ ♪ [Techno music] [Door opens, closes] ♪ ♪ [Indistinct chatter] Oh, it is so good to see Chloe. I haven't caught up with her in forever. Mm. She seems... Happy. Really happy. Even if she doesn't give you credit for that, I do. [Laughs] Kidding... She gave you all the credit. Well, no... No need to give any credit. Come on, there's always credit. And if there's not, make some up and take it. [Both laugh] Andrew : I'm rattlin'. Baby, you mind getting us another round from the cooler? Eddie? [Cell phone chimes] Eddie? Beer? Uh, sure, yeah. Thanks. If my dad were still alive to see PBR be a "cool beer," it would've killed him faster than the cancer did. [Laughs] Cheers. Thanks. So tell us everything about yourself. Where you're from, what do you do? Ever been married? Um... Are you guys watching "The Bachelorette"? Of course. I hate it, but Chris is gonna win. Abbie : [Laughs] [Knocking] Come in. Hey. What're you doing here on a Sunday? Everything okay? Yeah, uh... Uh, I... I was hoping... I know I should've said something in advance. No, no, hey. What? What is it? I want to continue my climb. Here. In the city. [Dramatic music] What'd your mom say about it? She gets it. Or... Or she will. Eventually. Ah, she can't be, uh... Happy to see you go. Is her happiness the most important thing? I mean, I don't remember... Her being happy being a rung on the ladder. Well, her happiness is important to me and it is important to you. So I will just talk to her uh, at this afternoon's security meeting and, uh, confirm that this is what's best. ♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ My god, I was so happy to get your text. I couldn't stop thinking about you. ♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ I had to ditch a barbeque. I'm sorry. Don't be, I was... I was having a panic attack, discussing "The Bachelorette". Who's "The Bachelorette"? It does not matter. [Bell ringing] [Indistinct chatter] [Bell continues to ring] I still can't believe it. I mean, Shelby? Oliver : I feel so betrayed. Did you hear she was working with Eddie Lane? Eddie Lane wasn't a traitor. He stopped believing. Come on. [Clears throat] Good afternoon, everyone. I know that we are all still reeling from the news that Shelby was, uh... Trying to hurt us. We all loved and trusted her. I was a regular attendee of her group, so, um... This hits especially hard. Uh, fortunately, our community is equipped to process this. And, uh, Sarah and I... Um, Sarah and I are putting new safety measures into place that will ensure that our community is never vulnerable again. All right... Many of you know Sam Field. Sam worked in security before he came to us, and we are very lucky to have his expertise. Sam? [Tense music] What happened with Shelby was a wake-up call. The FBI is just one of the threats that we face with IS. Mass shootings happen every other week. The government attacks faith organizations. So as of tomorrow, we will all wear badges to get in and out of the Compound. Where's Sarah? ID badges? Seems a little extreme. Well, times have changed, Hank. ♪ ♪ Sam : I hope you will cooperate and understand. The snake's poison is finally hitting our bloodstream. It's for our safety. Repealing rights is always done in the name of safety. Cal! ♪ ♪ You know who's never missed a meeting? Russel. The other Armstrong. Look, Sarah is co-guardian of the light. But I guess the rules don't apply. Russel follows all of the rules. I know, you're right. Yeah. Russel's... He's a dedicated man. Sometimes we, uh, we overlook those who are closest to us. Thank you for reminding me of that. Thanks, Cal. Yeah. I mean, Sarah definitely takes him for granted. Yeah, but then again, she's all over the place these days. You know, letting the kids see Eddie... Yeah, I'm aware that she has struggled with that in the past. Well, let's hope it's still in the past. ♪ ♪ You're a good wife. Thank you. ♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ [Line trilling] Sarah : You've reached Sarah Lane's voice mail, please leave a message after the beep. [Phone beeps] ♪ ♪ Noa : I didn't believe 'em. But here you are all bruised. Thought I'd get more done here. Compound's great, but it's all I've ever really known. Comfortable there. Too comfortable. It's like everyone is colorblind. You say that like it's a bad thing. We should be forcing people to see color. All color. To see the difference about how people are treated still. I mean, to see the disparity in schools and in prisons and... I mean, I know I'm not saying anything new. I get that. But it's like James Baldwin said, "the impossible is the least that one can demand". Uh, Baldwin was this writer and activist... I know who he is. You're sweet, Hawk. But you spend two nights in Juvie and suddenly you're breaking free of your gilded cage, appropriating black leaders. I'm not... I'm not... I'm sorry if I offended you. I-I wasn't trying. Oh, it's fine. We're good, I've just got to be... Somewhere else. No. Actually, I'm not sorry. I care and I'm not going to apologize for that. The boy's woke. Come find me later. Yeah. Yeah, I'll... I'll try. I'll try. Eddie : Are you thirsty? Starving. Starving? Chocolate? Yeah. Mmm. I know I should feel guilty... What, about the chocolate? Please. But I don't. Not at all. [Sighs] This needed to happen. One last time. Hey. Don't let it in. Whatever real life thought you were thinking, don't... Don't let it in. [Tense music] Okay? ♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ [Chattering indistinctly] ♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ Have a moment? So you talked to my mom? You honor the movement with your dedication. We should honor you in return. So I can stay? Yeah, no... Yeah, not only that, I would like to invite you to climb to 2R with me. [Stammers] You'd do that? I mean, it's just 2R. Are you serious? I'd be humbled to be your guide. Thank you. [Door opens, closes] Reggie : Why do you feel guilty about that? [Sighs] Just feels like I'm... Keeping a dirty little secret. Can you say more? Um, well I'm just not used to being dishonest with people that I care about. And I care about Chloe. You know, and her friends say that she's happy because of me, and that makes me feel even worse. Um, and now, she wants me to go to her cousin's wedding. But, I mean, how am I supposed to go when I'm not telling her that I'm thinking about... That I'm thinking about people from my past? You're allowed to have private thoughts. I know you're coming from an environment where that isn't true, but... Yes, but she would be hurt if she knew. Why do you think? Because I'm supposed to be moving forward. You can have a relationship that's moving forward and still make space for yourself. That's "hive mind." Thanks, Chelsea. Uh, we try to point out to each other, when we're thinking from the "cult mind, hive mind," as we call it, because that mind tells us our private thoughts can hurt. But the truth is, Eddie, we're entitled to our own thoughts. [Machine humming] Sarah : What do you want your baby to know, Mary? [Machine hums] I don't know. Sure you do. Go ahead. Tell him. [Machine hums] I'll always be there for you, no matter what. That's good. What else? I'll never let you have a childhood like mine. Of course you won't. [Machine revs] Okay. That's good for today. [Machine hums] You were late to our session today and I'm really moved by the work that you're doing here, but part of that work is to show up on time. I overslept. The pregnancy makes me tired. I know it makes you tired. But I'm asking you to respect our time. Must be nice, knowing you're never gonna mess up. What do you mean by that? Well, I mean, you know what you do is right. You're never gonna mess up your kids, or other people. Must be why you're worthy of so much love. None of us are without damage, Mary. We all transgress. Even you? Is there something else that you want to say? I'm envious. I'd like to be like you. I'm intuiting that you have anger towards me. No. But you're at the beginning of your journey, so to pass judgment... I wasn't... Perhaps we should rethink these sessions and find a guide that you can project less onto. Well, maybe I'll ask Cal what he thinks. He's been super helpful. Our refrigerator broke, and he was right there with a new one. It's the nicest refrigerator I've ever seen. [Door opens, closes] Saul : Can I see your ID? [Laughs] Yeah... The line was too long, we'll get 'em tomorrow. I can't let you out without your ID. What do you mean you can't let me out? I've been in there all day. I didn't blow anyone up, did I? Hank, it's not his... No, no, this is bullshit. We built this place! Uh, where's Isiah? He's off today. Our daughter is Sarah Lane. You know who Sarah Lane is? She's the guardian of the f*cking light! [Suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ [Line trilling] Cal : This is Cal Roberts, I look forward to speaking with you. [Phone beeps] Uh, hey, it's me again. Um... I was just calling to see how hawk is doing. And I haven't spoken to you for a while, so... Anyway, call me. And I will speak to you then. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ 
 
 Richard : What're you suggesting we do? Tell the people the truth! Cal wrote the final rungs. And we believe he killed Steve. I will not make that kind of accusation without proof! You want proof? It's right here, in Steve's journals. We were never meant to have ID badges and buildings in New York. Steve was just lookin' for a way out. A way out of what? And the boy knew it. What boy? He's probably hung it over Steve's head from childhood... You're not talking sense. This isn't about the movement anymore, Richard. It's about how I'm gonna live with myself for the next 30 years if I don't do something. Wait, what're you saying? And I'm the one to do it, because I've done it before. I should never have gotten you involved. ♪ ♪ Richard. ♪ ♪ Richard! Kodiak : Richard! [Pounds] Richard! Chloe : Okay, got to be honest and tell me if I look like Barney in this thing. Barney? Chloe : [Laughs] I forget, you have, like, no cultural references. Barney's like this, um... It's like this purple dinosaur that's, like, kid's show... It's on TV. What do you think? Woman: ♪ is a silly game ♪ Well, I don't know who Barney is, but you look beautiful. Woman: ♪ a broken heart ♪ You're so sweet. Woman: ♪ you think you might be lovers ♪ Hey, what's wrong? Nothing. Woman: ♪ here to tell you mister ♪ Look, I know that you have social anxiety and if you don't want to come to the wedding with me, it's... It's totally fine. I understand. It meant a lot to me that you came to that barbeque. Even though you had to leave early. I miss the movement. I miss being there. Living there that way. Yeah, so, what're you saying? Like, you want to go back? No, no, no, it's not about wanting to go back. It's just, I miss my life there. Woman: ♪ heart can never mend ♪ 
♪ since you might be lovers ♪ Okay, so, uh... How much of this is about your wife? I'm not talking about my wife. Hey. I'm talking about just other things. Okay, but you know I can't help but ask about her, right? Uh, yeah, sure... I'm sure some of the missing is tied into her. "Some of the missing"? You still talk to her, Eddie? [Sighs] Eddie, do you see her? Look, I shouldn't have brought this up. No, it's fine. I... I'm glad you did. I just... I don't want to be blindsided, you know? If you're thinking... I'm allowed to have thoughts, Chloe! ♪ ♪ Hey, I'm... I'm sorry. ♪ ♪ Woman : ♪ and love is blind ♪ Cal : Who is a servant? One who serves. And what is it to serve? To give freely without expectation of return. And to what end? To no end. Serving is an end in itself. A circle of giving that frees us from the cage of ego. A cage of whose devising? The self. The "Neo-self." [Sighs] Right. The Neo-self. Sorry. Which... Hi. Sorry, I've been calling. Yeah, I'm sorry, I've been so busy. Wow, 2R. When did you decide this? Cal said I was ready. He's killing it, Sarah. You'll be the youngest 2R in our history. What... did I say wrong? Nothing, Mom. I'll see you later. Wait, you want to grab lunch? I have have garden duty. Thanks. Cal : Great job today. Bye. Bye. You want to get some tea? [Easy listening music] ♪ ♪ He's doing so well, Sarah. Really? I can't help but think this whole moving to the city is teenage angst. I don't know. We talked deeply, and I think he's gifted. I think he's gifted, too, but I just... Want to make sure he's ready. Well, I believe he is, but if you feel otherwise... No. I'm sure he is. You missed the, uh... The security meeting. Yeah, I had a possible. Uh, a woman in an abusive relationship. She needed me. Well, I trust that you know what's the most important use of your time. ♪ ♪ I had an interesting session with Mary yesterday. Uh, which Mary? Cox. Right, we have, uh, three now. It's a popular name. She mentioned that you got her a refrigerator. Sean and Mary, yeah. Yeah. She seems to feel that she has special favor with you. Huh. [Stammers] I don't know that a refrigerator qualifies as special favor. Uh... Huh. Thank you for letting me know. I appreciate it. [Upbeat music] ♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ [Both moaning] ♪ ♪ What're we doing here, Sarah? I don't know. You feeling guilty? About the girl, the woman, that you see? [Sighs] Why are... Why are you here? What do you mean, why am I here? I'm here because of you. 'Cause I saw you and now I can't stop seeing you. Okay, but... I mean, if you were happy, or content, you wouldn't be doing this. Just like I wouldn't be doing this, so what... Okay. So I admit, things haven't been easy. You know, things have changed. Steve left, you left. Hawk left. Wait, where... Where's Hawk? He went to live at the center in the city. With Cal? [Scoffs] You let this happen... You know what, stop it. I'm not the only one to blame for this. What the hell is happening here? What is this? You want to know how I got hit by lightning? Yes. I went to Peru. You said you didn't go. Yeah, well, I lied. I went to Cuzco when sh1t started going down between us. Because I had this vision... Of Steve dying of cancer. What vision? Look, I don't know. Just this... This feeling, okay? That something wasn't right. And guess what? I was right! He was. He wasn't some magic, immortal light. He was a goddamn man. I know. You know? I found out about it later. After you left. Wait, so if you knew he was dying of cancer, then how can you still believe all this sh1t? Even though Steve had cancer, he still went into the light, Eddie. It makes him more of a miracle. [Suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ Unless there's something else? ♪ ♪ Is there something else? Eddie? ♪ ♪ No. That's it. ♪ ♪ That's it. ♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ [Door closes] When we're committed, when we put the whole above our individual selves... We make the group stronger. That is what this week has been about. Strengthening our community, for our own safety, for the safety of our loved ones. Today, I would like to take a moment to acknowledge two people who have stood out to me this week for their commitment. Russel... Russel Armstrong, where are you? [Applause] Cal : Yeah, get on up here. You're welcome. [Applause continues] [Applause continues] Russel, as you know, grew up in the movement. His commitment is in his DNA. Sometimes we forget to acknowledge and reward that. Eh, better late than never. [Chuckles] Russel, if you are willing to accept the challenge of 8R, I would like to guide you through that climb, so that you may join the ranks of a select few. Including your sister. [Applause] Yeah. [Cheers and applause] [Cheers and applause] Commitment is particularly inspiring when it comes from someone young. And this week, a young man came to me, wanting to know what he could do to better serve the movement. Hawk Lane. [Applause] [Applause] Hawk Lane is ready to serve. Those words are so full of power and meaning. [Cheers and applause] [Tense music] ♪ ♪ Hey. I'm so proud of you. Mom. Sorry, I won't do that again. ♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ [Children laughing] ♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ How're you doing, Mary? Good. Hear, uh, you're enjoying your refrigerator. [Chuckles] Leave Sarah out of this. You know, whatever this is, it's between you and me. Bring Sarah into it, and, uh... And you lose me. Understand? ♪ ♪ Have a good day, Mary. Hey. [Chuckles] ♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ You know, I was thinking of taking a walk through the city. It's just a walk, Gaby, since we're here. You're welcome to come. No, I'll head back with the others. I'm good. Okay. ♪ ♪ It's a beautiful day. [Chuckles] Very. Congratulations on your son's ascension. [Sighs] And your grandson. Thank you. You haven't seen Kodiak, have you? ♪ ♪ No. ♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ Steve : You are clean. You are yourself before the Neo-self. I can't... Steve : We are not our transgressions. Kodiak : I can't... Steve : You don't understand. If you can't feel the light's forgiveness, then I can't because of what I did to you... You had to do those things. Steve : If the man you murdered came back to murder you, what would you do? Let 'em. How long have you been there? My boy. ♪ ♪ How long have you been there? ♪ ♪ Steve : Cal? ♪ ♪ [Clapping, guitar strumming] ♪ Can't stop me there ♪ 
♪ ♪ Doesn't work if you don't do the work. Purification. I thought we weren't keeping secrets anymore? [Anderson Paak "The bird"] Anderson : ♪ a bird with the word came to me ♪ 
♪ the sweetness of a honeycomb tree ♪ 
♪ and now my luck was taking over me ♪ 
♪ couldn't fake it if I wanted to ♪ 
♪ I had to wake up just to make it through ♪ 
♪ I got my Patience and I'm making do ♪ 
♪ I learned my lessons from the ancient roots ♪ 
♪ I choose to follow what the greatest do ♪ 
♪ a bird with the word came to me ♪ 
♪ the sweetness of a honeycomb tree ♪ Dad. Is everything okay? I thought you weren't gonna be doing this anymore. No, I wasn't, I was... I shouldn't. ♪ ♪ You shouldn't be smoking. You shouldn't be seeing me. ♪ ♪ Can I have one? Really? Mm-hmm. Anderson: ♪ my mama caught the gambling bug ♪ 
♪ we came up in a lonely castle ♪ 
♪ my papa was behind them bar ♪ [Sighs] Trouble in paradise? Nothing's right now that Steve is gone. Nothing was right when he was here, either. You just couldn't see it. ♪ ♪ Hey. I need you to run this for Industrial Pollutants and Chemicals, okay? Sure. Bill it to the Meyerist case. Under what? Offset. Noa : Hmm. Uh, how long have you been standing there? Long enough to see the newest 2R is really feelin' himself. [Stammers] I was, um... Can you help me with something? Cut it off. What? Hawk, I was kidding before, I don't really think you're too high on yourself or anything. I-I get that. But... This isn't me anymore. [Graveway Lovers' "Where I Belong"] But it's so pretty. ♪ ♪ Uh... yeah. You really want me to do this? ♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ [Sighs] ♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ Man : ♪ when ♪ 
♪ when will I come ♪ 
♪ back where I'm from ♪ 
♪ to where I belong ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ my life ♪ 
♪ I don't often pray ♪ 
♪ and I never pay ♪ 
♪ much attention ♪ 
♪ to God ♪ 
♪ but today ♪ 
♪ the sky's fallen gray ♪ 
♪ and I can't explain ♪ 
♪ these troubles away ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ and my life ♪ 
♪ I used to fight ♪ 
♪ though I try to do right ♪ 
♪ and never complain ♪ I've lost vision for the movement. ♪ ♪ I'm stuck, and I'm having trouble moving forward. What do you think is holding you back? I've been sleeping with Eddie. Love is often more powerful than faith. It can be a prison that holds us hostage from who we could be. It weakens us. I want you to close your eyes, Sarah. I want you to think about Eddie. Richard : I want you to imagine him. Richard : Hold his image. [Serene music] Richard : You have it? Richard : Tell me what you see. Sarah : His beautiful eyes. ♪ ♪ Looking into me. Good. Yes. Now he's going to turn away from you. Richard : You're going to turn him away. ♪ ♪ Richard : Can you do that? Richard : I want you to let him walk away. ♪ ♪ Richard : Tell me what you see. ♪ ♪ [Sniffling] He's walking away from me. ♪ ♪ Sarah : I can, um... Only see his back now. Sarah : Where the lightning hit him. [Suspenseful music] The tangle of red lines. He was struck by lightning? He's walking away. He was struck by lightning in Peru? ♪ ♪ How did you know? ♪ ♪ Richard. ♪ ♪ Richard. Richard? ♪ ♪ Kodiak? [Both struggling and grunting] Wait, please! It wasn't Cal that was on the mountain with Steve. It was Eddie! Eddie Lane was there when Steve died! It was Eddie Lane! ♪ ♪ [Panting] Woman : Commitment to another human being in this day and age is an heroic attempt to overcome incredible odds. There's no point in reinforcing frothy emotionalism. There is enough of that out there in the world. I read somewhere that when you promise fidelity to your beloved, you are promising it to yourself. All of our relationships, all of our loves, need that daily attention and care. Chloe : Okay, so tell me... What? [Smooth jazz music] Tell me about all the things that you miss. ♪ ♪ Look, no judgment, okay? I just... I just want to know. Well, my... My kids. Obviously. Yeah, of course. And, uh, the people. You know? They're just... They're open, they're receptive. Like you. I mean, I-I love that about you. [Chuckles] ♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ Tad : Come on, Chloe! ♪ ♪ Come on, Chloe. Oh, my god. No! Tad : You promised you'd sing our song for us. Whoa. Oh, my god. I guess I go up stage. Get up there. Come on. Oh, Lord. [Elton John's "Your Song" playing] Here we go. [Microphone feedback] ♪ ♪ ♪ it's a little bit funny ♪ 
♪ this feeling inside ♪ 
♪ I'm not one of those ♪ 
♪ who can ♪ 
♪ easily hide I ♪ 
♪ I don't have much money ♪ 
♪ but boy if I did ♪ 
♪ I'd buy a big house where ♪ 
♪ we both could live ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ if I was a sculptor ♪ 
♪ but then again no ♪ 
♪ or a girl ♪ 
♪ who makes potions ♪ 
♪ in a traveling show ♪ 
♪ oh I ♪ 
♪ I know it's not much ♪ 
♪ but it's the best I can do ♪ 
♪ my gift is my song ♪ 
♪ and this one's for you ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 