Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x14 - Whisper of the Ax - Madam Secretary 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x14 - Whisper of the Ax https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=456&t=22840 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/02/15 04:58 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x14 - Whisper of the Ax 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Elizabeth :  So Jason comes home and tells us that he is joining the debate team at school. 
 We're thrilled. 
 What better use of his naturally argumentative nature, right? 
 Mmm. 
 Then... (laughs) then he leaves the room, and Henry turns to me and says, "Do we really want him getting better at it?" 
 (laughs) 
 I'm sorry, I'm talking too much about my kids. 
 Oh, no, because you can't talk about work, it's understood. 
 Oh, I can... everybody is. 
 Ah, you're going before the House Appropriations Committee this week, huh? 
 To defend my budget. 
 Isabelle : Oh, squaring off with Chairman Everard Burke. 
 Mmm, affectionately known on the Hill as Burke the Ripper. 
 Every single one of our outreach programs is under fire. 
 It's gonna take some fancy footwork. 
 You'll be fine... you got very fancy feet. 
 Fancy shoes. 
 And how's everything else? 
 Guys, I mean it, how's everything else? 
 It's fine. 
 It's great. Thank you for cooking, by the way. 
 Isabelle : Yeah. 
 Elizabeth : It's a really big treat. 
 Juliet : No problem. 
 I realize it's the only way to keep spy reunion going. 
 You and Isabelle don't want to be seen palling around D.C. hotspots. 
 Not while you're investigating Marsh's death. 
 We're not investigating anything. 
 Elizabeth : We just can't cook. 
 Got it. 
 All right, let's eat. 
 Let's. 
 (toy squeaks) 
 (chuckles): Ooh, ow. 
 Bear up the bum. 
 Aw... 
 I'm sorry. 
 Very sweet. 
 I didn't do the toy sweep. 
 Isabelle : Mmm, too bad we couldn't see the kids. 
 Are they with their dad tonight? 
 They are. 
 All week. 
 Every week. 
 What? 
 I just lost custody. 
 Wha... how? 
 What? 
 Why? 
 The judge decided that I have a demanding and high-risk occupation. 
 Oh. 
 They're better off with their father, a banker. 
 Elizabeth : Come on. 
 Juliet : He literally has banker's hours. 
 Oh, that's outrageous. 
 Come on, there has to be some kind of recourse? 
 (sighs) 
 I'll keep fighting it. 
 It's just gonna drag on forever. 
 Isabelle : I'm so sorry. 
 Is there anything we can do? 
 You know a guy with a baseball bat? 
 Several, in fact. (chuckles) 
 Elizabeth : Out of the three of us, it's not like it was a big competition for me. 
 Good-bye. 
 I love you. 
 You're always welcome. 
 Thank you. 
 Bye. 
 (door closes) 
 That was rough. 
 That was rough. 
 Poor Juliet. 
 Mmm. 
 What's going on with the Marsh case? 
 Have you brought the CIA in yet? 
 Munsey's on it. 
 I'll keep in touch. 
 Love you. 
 Love you. 
 Elizabeth : Really? 
 The budget is this long? 
 No, that's just a summary of your talking points. 
 The Appropriations Committee's a snake pit. 
 You can never be too prepared. 
 Especially when it's being led by your old friend, Everard Burke. 
 Let me guess, he's gunning for the Microloan program. 
 Exactly. 
 Burke hates anything that smacks of a government giveaway. 
 These loans are an easy target. 
 Matt : Even if we get that money back? 
 I mean, what part of the word "loan" does he not understand? 
 Loans equal liability. 
 It doesn't help that you're increasing its budget next year. 
 Are you saying Chairman Burke doesn't like me? 
 Jay : Chairman Burke hates you. 
 Well, don't sugarcoat it. 
 And why? 
 Because I can out-drive him off the tee? 
 Because of your polling numbers. 
 Your approval ratings are higher than the president's. 
 Everybody hates a winner. 
 Now, see, I thought that saying... expression... I thought it was the opposite. 
 As your policy advisor, I'm advising you to cut the program. 
 Strongly advising. 
 Elizabeth : Duly noted, Jay. 
 Thank you. 
 Daisy : Ma'am, I disagree. 
 It's one of our most promising programs. 
 I mean, by providing small low-interest loans, we've turned thousands of women into entrepreneurs. 
 Prosperity reduces conflict. 
 Which I think I'm safe in saying is the whole point of diplomacy. 
 (Jay groans) And that's scripted in your talking points. 
 Jay : All Burke cares about is the number on the page. 
 You're not gonna sway him with a Kumbaya moment. Cut the program. 
 It'll knock the wind out of his sails, and the rest of the budget will fly through. 
 I know it sounds bloodless, but you're not gonna survive your first budget getting decimated in a public hearing. 
 Ma'am, Jay has a point. 
 We have to look at the bigger picture. 
 Is it reasonable to risk the whole budget for a single program. 
 (several answer in affirmative) 
 Yes, it is, please don't give up on this. 
 We can win it. 
 Can we? 
 Give me an argument, let me hear it. 
 Gladly... Nhung Chuang. 
 With a $200 loan, she organized her entire village into an agricultural co-op. 
 Three years ago, they were surviving off of government subsidies. 
 Now they're self-sufficient. 
 And for the first time, sending their kids to school. 
 And there are a thousand other stories just like hers. 
 Bring her to the hearing as your guest. 
 Jay : Oh, c-come on. 
 Daisy : I mean, her testimonial could be very powerful. 
 Does she even have command of the language? 
 I-I doubt it. 
 Has she ever even been outside of the village? 
 Come on. 
 I mean, is she gonna suddenly turn into William Jennings Bryan in front of Congressmen and TV cameras? 
 No. 
 Elizabeth : Jay. 
 Your passion has crossed over into defeatism. 
 And it's annoying. 
 I apologize, ma'am. 
 I want her as my guest at the hearing. 
 Put her on a plane, get her a translator, prep her as best you can. 
 We may lose this one, but we will go down swinging. 
 Hey, Jay, your frustration is duly noted. 
 But this is what we're doing, so get on board, okay? 
 I serve at the pleasure, Madam Secretary. 
 Yes, you do. 
 Ah, ah, ah, that's... I can... pass that. 
 Sweetie, what are you doing just pushing your food around? 
 We agreed... I cook one night a week, and we all just get through it. 
 It's good. 
 I'm sorry, Mom. 
 I'm just worried about my history test. 
 Why? 
 What? I quizzed you. 
 You know your stuff. 
 Yeah, I know, but I have this weird thing on the actual test, I just... I completely freeze up. 
 Yeah, it's called not being good at school. 
 Elizabeth : That's not helpful. 
 And yet my GPA is higher than yours. 
 Yeah, that's because I don't apply myself. 
 (all laugh) 
 Oh, like that's some secret. 
 You've seen it on every report card. 
 Okay, you know what, go upstairs, study. 
 We'll clean up. 
 No, I have homework, too. 
 All right. Fine, go. Go apply yourself. 
 Okay. 
 Oh, geez. 
 Are you done? 
 Stevie : Yeah. 
 See, if you were back in school, you'd get out of clean up, too. 
 Hilarious, Dad. 
 So are you all prepared to testify before Congress tomorrow? 
 (groans) I've been practicing in front of the mirror, and apparently I do this a lot. 
 Which they say makes me look angry and old. 
 (laughter) Why didn't you guys tell me about it? 
 (laughing): Yes. 
 Baby, it's cute, it's cute. 
 I'm gonna try and stop it. 
 No, it's not cute. 
 I like it. 
 I do. 
 You... that's... you're not the right guy to ask, I know better. 
 Seriously, though, I mean, how-how can they cut the Microloan program? 
 Politicians are always yelling about how they need to get the developing world off their payroll. 
 And yet they're not willing to give people a leg up that they need when they're starting their own businesses? 
 It's like, it's not just people, too. 
 I mean, it's women, it's disgusting. 
 Well, that's what I intend to tell them. 
 Without actually calling them disgusting. 
 Or knitting your brow. 
 But, honestly, sweetheart, can we just talk about the school thing, please. 
 Mom, we're not getting into that. 
 The deadline for reapplying to Lovell is coming up. 
 Well, it doesn't have to be Lovell, it's the deadline for-for any college. 
 Oh... my God. 
 Uh... (stammers) 
 It's a good time to talk about it. 
 Since when did you guys become so obsessed with college education? 
 All right. 
 Speaking for myself, it was about the time I decided to be a college educator. 
 So all of these guys that you're about to testify to, the ones who are, you know, holding the sword of Damocles over the heads of women trying to better themselves, they all have college educations. 
 Right? 
 Right, but... 
 I rest my case. 
 Okay, but that the sword of Damocles reference, I bet you learned that in college. 
 No, that was probably high school. 
 Really? Damn it. 
 Just let her cool her heals, I'll talk to her this week. 
 Oh, yes, the Stevie Whisperer. 
 (chuckling): I'm not saying that. 
 I'm saying it. 
 Doesn't bother me that she always listens to you and never listens to me. 
 Now, come on. 
 Just make sure she listens to you. 
 I will be the Whisperer of Damocles. 
 Hmm. 
 Woman :  We fully recognize the nature  of the terrorist threat, so despite the lack of a coherent administration strategy, this committee is willing to authorize additional security funds. 
 Thank you. 
 I very much appreciate your thoughtful and substantive consideration on these issues. 
 You're welcome. 
 I'll now turn the floor back to Chairman Burke. 
 Thank you. Uh, Madam Secretary, I'd like to call your attention to the Microloan program. 
 For the next fiscal year, you have increased the budget by 30 percent. 
 That's a big jump. 
 Elizabeth : It's 30 percent. 
 You've, uh, shifted funds away from the Cotton Advisory Committee, and the Tropical Tuna Commission. 
 Uh, you've clearly made this a priority. 
 Elizabeth : Yes, I have. 
 And in deciding, uh, which programs to prioritize, I assume you also look into how well they're managed. 
 Of course. 
 We have a rigorous selection process. 
 The program currently has a success rate of over 96 percent. 
 Each one of these loans has the power to change lives and families. 
 And in some cases, entire villages. 
 I have brought with me today as a guest to the hearing the woman who embodies the full potential of this program. 
 Ms. Chuang. 
 Uh, we won't be calling you today. 
 Tell me, who exactly is in charge of the Microloan grants? 
 Elizabeth : That would be Miles Pendergraff, he's the Director of the Office of Development and Finance. 
 You're correct. 
 I would like to submit these photographs for the record. 
 Please, Madam Secretary, take a look at these. 
 (clears throat) 
 Do you recognize the man in these photos? 
 That would be Mr. Pendergraff. 
 Those pictures were taken from a surveillance camera at the Gold Leaf Casino in Atlantic City. 
 Do you find his behavior here acceptable? 
 Well, it is certainly distasteful. 
 What Mr. Pendergraff does in his personal life is his own business. 
 Not if he is gambling with tax-payer funds. 
 That's right. 
 Over the past few months, thanks to the work of this committee, investigators from the Government Accountability Office have uncovered evidence that Mr. Pendergraff has been embezzling State Department money. 
 Setting up dozens of fraudulent microloans to pay for his colorful lifestyle. 
 And I think it is just the tip of the iceberg. 
 So, Madam Secretary, tell me, do you still support the Microloan program? 
 So, I mean, could this whole thing be getting blown out of proportion? 
 Not if it's a symptom of a wider abuse. 
 I mean, the brazen nature of this embezzlement... 
 Yes, sir. 
 I-I am so sorry. 
 It's... I-I really... 
 I'm gonna do everything I can to make this right. 
 Dalton : I'm counting on it. 
 Yes, sir. 
 Good night. 
 Good night, sir. 
 Well, that was fun. 
 Nothing says sweet dreams like being eviscerated by the president. 
 Oh, he'll get over it. 
 Well, he shouldn't. 
 I really messed up. 
 No, your staff messed up. 
 Well, they're my staff. 
 Okay. 
 You don't think they're my staff because I didn't hire them? 
 I mean, they are my staff, and I want to stand by them. 
 Look, you have to do what's best for the office, not some individual person. I have to stand by them. 
 Will you turn this off? 
 I-I tried before. 
 You wouldn't let me. 
 Well, I'm gonna let you now. 
 (sighs) 
 Come here. 
 Just sleep, okay? 
 You'll know what to do in the morning. 
 Yeah, I will. 
 (sighs) Okay. 
 Okay. 
 Man (over TV) : Is it your view... 
 What? No. 
 Five more minutes, please. 
 I just want to, yeah. 
 ...that Secretary McCord was aware of this level of corruption? 
 Woman : Secr... You said level of corruption, yes? 
 Man : Yes. 
 How could she not be? 
 This is about as shameless as it gets. 
 You know, I honestly think this speaks to a larger defect in the moral character of the State Department  under her leadership. How... 
 Jay :  Burke had congressional investigators  do the dirty work for him. 
 Apparently, they were going up and down the whole department. 
 Pendergraff never told us... 
 Because he didn't want to get fired. 
 Done. I want all of his files seized and brought to the DOJ. 
 Next? 
 In a stroke of irony that would teach Alanis Morissette once and for all the true meaning of irony... 
 Jesus. Really? 
 Excuse me, ma'am. 
 The problem is budget cuts. 
 The office of the inspector general has been whittled down to the bone. 
 Which is not an excuse The malfeasance is not for the oversight. the important thing; we can fix the Microloan plan. 
 No. 
 We have to eliminate it. 
 Are you really willing to stake your whole career on this program? 
 Because this was about much more than policy. 
 This was a takedown. 
 Nadine : He's right; Burke had this in his back pocket. 
 He's angling for you, ma'am. 
 Jay : Unfortunately, he has a reputation for being very effective at this game. 
 Remember Max Cantor? 
 The guy who was nominated for director of ICE? 
 He withdrew because two days before the hearings, Burke found out that his tree trimmer was an illegal alien. 
 How about Louise Campos? 
 That's right. 
 The congresswoman from Nebraska. 
 Same thing. - 'Cause she was having an affair with the staffer. 
 Burke was chairman of the ethics committee. 
 Ethics, of all things. 
 He sent pictures and sent them to every voter in the district. 
 I get that this is a disaster. 
 What I still don't get is how everybody in this room missed it. 
 Madam Secretary, it's 1:00. 
 Your car is here. 
 Nadine : Um, I wasn't aware you had an appointment outside of the office. 
 Jay : Due respect, I think we're in the middle of a very important issue. 
 You are so right about that, Jay. 
 And I have a plan; I'm bringing someone in to consult on this matter. 
 Someone who can explain to me why my entire staff let me hang myself in front of a nationally televised congressional hearing. 
 Trust me, help is on the way. 
 (door closes) 
 I don't understand this whole kale thing. 
 It used to grow wild in the backyard when I was a kid. 
 Now it's the basis for a $20 salad. 
 What's the matter with spinach? 
 What did spinach do wrong? 
 The Mircoloans program should've actually be canceled. 
 Spinach needs a PR person. 
 How is that kale? 
 Fine. 
 Dad. 
 I'm not going back to college. 
 Okay, I just want to make sure that you're keeping everything in perspective. 
 I can't let you derail your life just to prove your autonomy. 
 What am I, 12? 
 I wouldn't do that. 
 Then tell me what your plan is. 
 Tell me what you're passionate about. 
 Okay, you get that you're privileged to be in a position to find yourself, that you have the means... 
 That is so reductive. 
 You've got to get serious about your life, otherwise I'm afraid you're just gonna drift. 
 You don't want to be a hostess; I get that. 
 But you need to find what you're into, figure out what matters to you. 
 Okay. 
 I care about microloans. 
 Maybe I could volunteer at the... for the program. 
 This isn't defiance? 
 Sidling up to an organization that's mired up in controversy, that's causing global embarrassment for your mother? That's not... 
 No, I, no, I cared about microloans before that. 
 Besides, I mean... given their current situation, they could probably actually use a lot of help. 
 Fine. 
 Go help them. 
 Fine. 
 I will. 
 Thanks for lunch. 
 Andrew : A few hours ago, we got a hit on Samila Mahdavi, the Iranian national who was last seen withdrawing money from Marsh's account. 
 We found her holed up in an abandoned Iranian safe house in Istanbul. 
 So, what's our next move? 
 Bringing Samila in. 
 Small team of highly skilled black op guys go in, secure her, transport her to a clandestine location for questioning. 
 Are we talking about a street grab? 
 Yes, ma'am. 
 Intel is that she moves freely around the neighborhood, but mostly at night. 
 It's only about a six-block radius, and she has something of a routine, so it's not a high degree of difficulty for us. 
 Turkey's a NATO ally and mounting an off-the-books ops on their street without alerting them isn't exactly a friendly move. 
 We may have to get into it at a higher level if it goes wrong. 
 Let's worry about it then. 
 You willing to take the risk? 
 To find out who had the secretary of state killed and why, yeah, I think it's worth rolling the dice. 
 You can proceed. 
 Thank you. 
 I'm sure it goes without saying that the president wants this Microloan thing put to bed before it gets any bigger. 
 We're in complete agreement about that. 
 I hear you're bringing Mike B in to help clean up the mess. 
 Nothing gets by you. 
 Got it. 
 He's the right son of a bitch for the job. 
 You know him? 
 Yeah. 
 We taught together at UVA. 
 I almost feel sorry for your staff. 
 Well, a little cold terror over job security never hurt anyone. 
 You should have that embroidered on a pillow. 
 (panting) 
 (elevator bell dings) 
 Good afternoon. Is she in? 
 I'm sorry, you are... 
 Michael Barnow. This is Gordon. 
 You must be Blake. 
 (Gordon barks) 
 Uh, yes, um... 
 I don't have... Wait a minute. 
 She knows I'm coming. 
 Uh, this is not a dog-friendly environment. 
 It's okay; he's not sensitive. 
 No, no, no, I'm sorry, you can go in there. That-That's not... No, sir. 
 I don't know who-who let you up here. 
 Oh. Whoa. 
 Ma'am, I don't know... 
 Mike B! 
 Hi. 
 You came. Oh, my God. 
 And you brought Gordon. Wow. 
 Of course. 
 Come on in, take a seat. 
 Um, do you want, uh, coffee, tea, anything? 
 Oh, yeah, a Black Eye from Otis Beanery would be great. 
 Black Eye from Otis Beanery, you got it? 
 Thanks, bye. 
 Hey! 
 Did we just witness Mike B going into the secretary's office? 
 And his dog. 
 Who is he, exactly? 
 They call him the Hatchet Man. 
 And not for his wood-chopping skills. 
 Rhodes Scholar, brilliant legal career. 
 Which led to a promising political career derailed by a scandalous divorce six years ago. 
 Nadine : He makes a profitable living now as a couch-sitter. He's the guy who moves into a cabinet member's office and dispenses cool, calculated advice. 
 Unaffected by a need to advance his own interests, since he has none. 
 And by cool, calculated advice, you mean... 
 Firing people. 
 (clears throat) 
 Okay. 
 What's a Black Eye from Otis Beanery? 
 It's a coffee with a double shot of espresso from an overpriced boutique on K Street. 
 Thank you. 
 I'll be back. 
 Don't let that dog near my desk. 
 Either one of them. 
 This is quite the pickle you've gotten yourself into, Madam Secretary, and what's going on with your staff? 
 Are they all someone's nieces and nephews? 
 Where did you find them? 
 I inherited them. 
 Tell me you're kidding. 
 Uh, their boss had just died. 
 I was new to this world. 
 Look, they have proven themselves up to this point, and I... 
 You're giving me that "you're an idiot" look. 
 Because you're an idiot. 
 You kept someone else's staff because you didn't want them to be sad? 
 I mean, these people are unmitigated chuckleheads. 
 They should've seen this coming a mile away from the polling numbers. 
 To be fair, they briefed me on the polling numbers before the hearing. 
 They've been through the roof for months. 
 Now everyone's gonna want to take you out at the knees before you can mount a serious presidential bid in the next post-Dalton election cycle. 
 I have no such ambitions. 
 Stick with that story. 
 Modesty's a good color on you. 
 It'll play really well in the primary. 
 I don't. I don't. 
 Okay, whatever. 
 Dump your team. 
 Now. 
 All at once? 
 No, that-that looks desperate. 
 One by one, but start somewhere near the top, and start today. 
 All right, let's-let's... just put a pin in that idea for now. 
 Bess, I know you have a bug up your parts about justice and fair play. 
 (groans) 
 And that might have been great sitting at a desk at the CIA or as a faculty of some quaint university. 
 This is Washington. 
 Kill or be killed. 
 Adapt or die. 
 It's that simple. 
 Mike, I hear you. 
 I do, and I'm not opposed to firing my staff. 
 But I have a bigger plan. 
 I want to take this fight straight at Everard Burke. 
 Okay. 
 I'd like that, too. 
 What do we do? 
 You're in a knife fight with Chairman Burke. 
 The way to win a knife fight is to bring a gun and waste the son of a bitch. 
 Excellent. 
 We're on the same page. 
 Nadine : She always texts me when she leaves, so I guess she's still in there with Mike B. 
 It was a pleasure working with y'all. 
 I'm sure I'm the fall guy. 
 Oh, come on, no, you're not. 
 Matt : No, no, it's me. She already almost fired me. 
 Are you kidding? 
 The PR on this is a nightmare with a hair stuck to it, and she almost fired me, too. 
 She almost fired me first. 
 Oh, no need to cherry pick. 
 The smart thing to do is fire us all. 
 She can't do that. 
 Can she? 
 I would. 
 Well, so much for pacing myself. 
 
 
 
 Waitress... 
 Hey. 
 You have perfect timing. 
 I'll take everything you got there. 
 Mm, you're in luck. 
 These shots are for your table from the gentleman over here. 
 Who is that? 
 Kyle Feeney. 
 He's a staffer for Chairman Burke. 
 He's the guy who dug up the dirt on the Microloan program. 
 That bottom-feeding little twerp. 
 You-you can send those back. 
 No, hey, hang on. 
 He owes us. Just leave them there. 
 Nadine : That little twerp found something we all missed. 
 So what does that say about us? 
 See you at the back of the line, kids. 
 Man :  Wait. 
 Man : Yes! No... We, no, we received the online forms, but we need notarized hard copies. 
 N-Notarized. 
 Like, with a notary. 
 No, no!  Pas de cartes. 
 Uh, notary. How do you, how do you say notary? 
 Uh...  notaire. 
 Un-Un notaire ? 
 Oui ! I'm sorry. Please, slow down. I... Pa... uh,  parler  slowly? Lentement. Can... I'm sorry. Can you take this? Me? You speak French, right? Yes, but... Yeah, I'm trying to negotiate a bank problem in Senegal with two years of high school French. It-it's hopeless. I don't actually work here. I just came by to see maybe if I can volunteer? Nobody works here. They all heard the program was getting cut, so they've gone off looking for other jobs. It's like rats off a sinking ship. Which means if you're here to volunteer? Y-You just got a battlefield promotion. Uh, just take this call. Bonjour. Microloans United? Puis-je vous aider ? Hello? Yeah, they're not in the office right now. Can I take a me...? Oui. Il a recu les formes. Okay. Mais il a besoin de copies papier. Un notaire ? Merci. Moment. Um, he said that that's fine. He's going to do that tomorrow and overnight the papers to you? Ah, great! Good-bye. Bon. Au revoir ! Uh... pick out a desk. (laughs) Elizabeth :  I wanted to bring you up  to speed on the changes we're making in this office. Mike is suggesting that I fire some... or all of you. And I'm considering his suggestions. For now, I'm putting you all on notice. That was a big mess. That was a sack full of mangled kittens in the hot sun two weeks old... that's what that was. Elizabeth : Moving ahead, I'm looking for nothing short of perfection. That's the bar. Is that clear? All : Yes, ma'am. Great. That's all. Jay? Could you stay behind? (Jay laughs) You're here for me, right, Alex? Yeah, Jay. It's protocol. I-I get it. I'll have your tablet, sir. And your I.D. The secretary will see you now. Elizabeth :  I first wanted to congratulate you  for ferreting out corruption within our department. You did your country a great service. Thank you. (stammers) The intention was not to take a shot at you, per se. Uh, there was a larger goal... involved. (laughing): Kyle! I'm agreeing with you. Okay. That's why I'm offering you a job. Okay, so what's the going rate for milk in Kampala? Okay, and... does he have access to refrigeration? Great. Okay. Well, um, if you could just send us verification of that? And we can start to process your application right away. Okay. Thank you. Bye. How late can you stay? I want to start exploiting you as soon as possible. You mean I actually have this job? Don't get ahead of yourself. It's an internship. I've got the only job left around here. Okay, but you don't know anything about me. I know you speak French. And you got a pulse. That'll do. (indistinct chatter) ♪ ♪ (woman yelling) (crowd clamoring) Well, I think it's safe to say the op was compromised. Who could've blown this? Who even knew this operation was underway? No one outside this room. And who else? I never believed you got as far as you did with this idea on your own. Who else? Elizabeth :  Look at it from where I'm standing. The only way this op could've been blown was if somebody knew about it. If there was a mole. And since nobody outside our inner sanctum knew about it, I have to look at you. I have been completely loyal to you from the beginning. Did you tell anybody about our plans? I... Juliet? Are you crazy? Juliet made it clear she wanted nothing to do with this. Once I signed up, I knew you were the only person I could trust. I-I got to ask you again, Bess. Can we really trust Munsey? He put too much on the line for this operation. If it gets out how badly it failed, he's not gonna have that job much longer. And why would he do it? (sirens wailing nearby) Why not just stonewall us? We have to consider everything. Then there's Occam's razor. The simplest explanation is the best. I can't say I blame you. But I can't say I'll forgive you, either. You're still here. Yes. Why wouldn't I be? Oh, my God! You think this is a paid internship. No, I don't. Because it so isn't. Yeah, I-I, I figured... Okay, good. On the upside, that means your mother's budget cuts won't affect the position. You know who my mother is? I do. And I don't care. Unlike literally everybody else I've hired, you want to be here. That works in your favor. Great. Here's some paperwork you'll need to take to your school's career services office. Oh, um, I'm actually not in school, so... Oh, the, uh, internship's only available for college credit. Uh, like you said. I'm really happy to be here. I mean, I really like feeling useful... No, we have to do it in conjunction with a university course. It's, uh... Otherwise asking people to work for no compensation is what the government likes to call slavery. Well... can I, can I sign a waiver or something? No, it's nonnegotiable. It's part of the program's charter. I'm sorry. Barry, come on. (whistles) Fill her up. Jay, man, I think that's a bad idea. Aw, come on... What? And you've been here all day. Go home to your wife. On, believe me, that's... a bad idea. Come on. Come on, I'm not driving. Give me a break, give me a break. Hey! Just fill them up, please. Okay. But this one closes you out. I'll get this one, Barry. No, no. I don't want your hospitality. Hey, what are you mad at me for? I could've had your job. I turned it down. Yeah, well, that doesn't give it back to me. Well, you should've made her cut the Microloans program. Dude, I begged her. Burke was just looking for a reason to humiliate your boss. She handed it to him. Former boss. And, yes, she did. But it was only a matter of time though anyway, right? I mean, she's out of her depth. You have no idea. I told her to fire me after the document leak. But... no. Coming in with the cuddly Vietnamese... witness... It was amateur hour. Yeah, like Burke was ever gonna let that happen. He should have let that happen! She sucked! No English. Yeah? No clue what we were doing there. A shining example of why we should cut the program. Do you know how many times I said cut the program?! Barry : Hey, hey, man! Sorry... man. Sorry, Barry. Hey, just let it go. You know, just be happy you're out of there. You could work this to your advantage. I could put in a word with Burke in terms of staffing. A guy with your experience could be a real asset to us. Oh... man. You know what? I should be... I should reign it in. Don't beat yourself up. (groans) That would leave me a lot of spare time. See you next time, Barry. Get home safe, Jay. Uh, excuse me, Madam Secretary? Matt and Daisy would like a moment. Sure. I think they were hoping for a moment alone. Hope in one hand, spit in the other. Send 'em in. I mean, your call. Send them in. Yeah. Guys... Ma'am, we feel the need to speak up about Jay being fired from the staff. O-Okay. What? Matt : In point of fact, Jay was the one arguing for cutting the program. We were the ones arguing to keep it. So if you're going to fire Jay, you might as well fire all of us. Mike : Interesting. The Spartacus offensive. You guys realize how that story ends, right? You don't know the first thing about us, Mr. Barnow. I know everything about you, Maisy. Daisy. He's combining our names. Reducing us to a single, insignificant unit. I smell daylight burning. Okay, is your dog named after G. Gordon Liddy? Because that explains a lot. Blake : Excuse me, ma'am, Ms. Tolliver is also here. Mike : Ah, it's a solidarity scrum. Nadine : Madam Secretary, we've just received word that Burke's Congressional hearing is reconvening. You've been asked to appear. When? In an hour. They're calling your witness, Nhung Chuang. (gavel bangs) Woman :  The committee will come to order. Ms. Chuang, through your translator... (translator speaking Vietnamese) ...please give us your first-person account of your dealings with the State Department-funded program, Microloans United. ...Microloans United. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, members of Congress. I am happy to address the committee in English. I am from a small mountain village in Northwest Vietnam. I worked as a field laborer from the time I could walk. When my husband died in a flood, I was unable to feed my two children. I moved in with my sister in a neighboring village. That is where I heard about the Microloan Program. Together, my sister and I received a $200 loan to grow vegetables. And English lessons. Obviously. They gave us mobile phones to manage our money and taught us how to look up the price of our vegetables in the market. We were able to organize the women in our co-op and... form a co-op. Now we have enough money to build roads and flood channels. But what I am most proud of is the new school where my children are learning. It is my son, Mr. Chairman, who taught me English. Elizabeth : Mr. Chairman, my office has taken swift measures to address the corruption inside the Microloans Program, a situation that was allowed to develop because of budget cuts that all but eliminated the oversight committee. But as you can see, there is plenty here worth fighting for. And I am extremely proud to lead that fight. Thank you. Is your mother's maiden name Weller? Yes. Did you attend Yale University? Isabelle :  Yes. Polygrapher :  Are you employed by the Central Intelligence Agency? Isabelle :  Yes. Do you have access to classified information regarding national security? Yes. Polygrapher :  Have you shared classified information with anyone outside the Agency? Isabelle :  No. Polygrapher :  Does anyone have access  to your secure files? No. Polygrapher :  Have you accepted money in exchange for classified information? Isabelle :  No. Polygrapher :  Do you know anyone who has accepted money in exchange for classified information? No. Elizabeth :  She passed the polygraph test  and somebody planted a very sophisticated device in her bag. Can we officially disqualify her as being the mole? Of course not. I appreciate your loyalty to your friend, but that's the oldest CIA trick in the book... planting a bug on yourself to divert attention. Am I right? It's been done. What about the polygraph? You're trained to beat those. Oh, come on, that's ridiculous. Only the most specialized field op can do that and even they can't do it with any degree of regularity. I'm not saying it has to be her. I'm saying we can't take her off the list. The list being anybody in the entire Agency. Including people at the top? Because, you know, "trust no one." Excuse me, Madam Secretary, what are you implying? Russell : Let's not unravel. We have more immediate problems. Turkish officials are very curious about the tourist status of the dead American. It's only a matter of time before they put together that he was CIA. How much time? Given that I'm already dodging phone calls from the their Defense Minister's office, not much. We don't have any moves left. It's time to bring the president in on this. I'll think about it. (door closes) Well... Look who I found lurking around, claiming he still works here. Oh-oh! Hey! Yeah! James Bond. Look at this guy. Elizabeth : Sorry about the tradecraft, everybody, but it was the quickest way to get this done. And to send the message to Burke that you won't be taken down so easily. You really lapped it up, Jay, I gotta say. I mean, Langley could use a guy like you, if you ever tire of policy advising. I don't think most marks would be as easy as Kyle. Elizabeth : Oh, you'd be surprised. So... sorry I couldn't let anyone in on the ruse. So bringing in Mike B. was a part of it? Because I gotta tell you, I hate that guy. Daisy : Well, from a PR standpoint, it was the right move. (dog barking) Mike : Gordon! Get over here! Sorry about that. He's a little giddy with success. I'll be in your office, M Sec? Sure. Yeah. Come on, let's go. (dog barking) Mike B.'s just going to hang around for a little while. Let's get started. Chef : Actually, I think I am. Put this away... Elizabeth : I can't believe it. He's going for risotto. They always lose with that one. It's the Waterloo of food. Right? I know. What is the deal? You can't cook it fast. They ought to know it. And gnocchi. Gnocchi. They never learn. They always lose with gnocchi, too. Well, because you think it's going to be good but it's not. In the end, it really is just doughy potato balls. That's what I'm saying. That's it. Hey, you guys. Sorry to interrupt. Hey. Hey. No, we're just hanging. What's up? Yeah, we're just talking about something really important. Stevie : Yeah, I heard. Uh, potato balls. Yeah. Elizabeth : Sit down. What's going on? I need to borrow some money. Okay. Well... how much? About $20,000. For now. Wow. Okay. That's... so much. I'm applying to Georgetown next semester. It's actually probably a lot less with the faculty discount, so... Yeah. Sub... substantially less. You're gonna go to Georgetown? If I'm accepted. Um, I got an internship at the Microloans Program, and I can only do it if I apply it toward a college course. So... I figured, you know, why not? Oh. Oh... Cool. Yeah, well, whatever we can do to help. Okay, so... it's okay with you guys if... if I go ahead and apply? Yeah. Whatever. Sure. No problem. Okay. Great. Just so we're clear... um, I'm doing this for me. Not you. Absolutely. No question. Great, okay. Good night. Henry : Good night. Night. Sleep well. We're on your side! That was lame, that last part. "We're on your side"? I know better than that. Yeah, just... That's not even... Yeah, don't... Take, just... take the win. Okay? (giggling) (phone chiming) Ah! Nice whispering, Damocles. How 'bout that? Ah... That's darn right. Wait, hold on. No, hold on. Really? Hey. (laughing, mutters) Henry : Don't tell me what you're gonna say. I-I gotta go. Bye. We believe there is a mole  in our own security establishment. That's why it's risen to your level. Why am I just learning about this? We wanted to preserve plausible deniability for you. You shouldn't have waited so long. It was a judgment call, Mr. President. Dalton : A bad one, as it turns out. I've got news for you all. I had questions about the Dubai crash at the time. I assigned a pair to investigate. They reported to me that it was an accident... which implies that they were hiding the truth. One of those agents is dead now. George Peters. Who's the other agent? (sirens approaching) Stairs. Hallway. Down. Agent : Clear! Closets are emptied. Computer's wiped. She's cleared out. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 