Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x03 - The Rusalka - Madam Secretary 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x03 - The Rusalka https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=456&t=23185 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/19/15 02:23 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x03 - The Rusalka 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 (phone ringing) 
 Hello. 
 Dalton : I wanted to express my condolences... 
 Thank you, Mr. President. 
 My husband held you in great esteem, as well. 
 I'm sending Secretary McCord. 
 I see. 
 Very well. I understand. 
 Secretary McCord will be most welcome then. 
 (Dalton speaks indistinctly) 
 Thank you again. Good-bye. 
 How did she sound? 
 Like her husband just died. 
 Craig : So, like a Russian. 
 What? Too soon? 
 I think we should talk about what comes next. 
 Sir, unless a strong successor to Ostrov is put in place quickly... 
 Which is unlikely, given Ostrov's deliberately built the entire state around himself. 
 Concentric rings of instability are gonna ripple across Russia and the globe. 
 Jackson : Briefing's in five minutes. 
 We should talk on the way. 
 Dalton : So, no confidence in Rozovsky? 
 Jackson : Well, he's acting president until he calls for elections, but the man's got the backbone of a wet sponge. 
 So either there's a power vacuum and possibly a civil war or some general who's even more hard-line than Ostrov winds up in charge. 
 Both options would be a disaster for U.S. security. 
 Our best bulwark is to push back hard with a strong, clear agenda of our own. 
 You're arguing for direct military aid to Ukraine? 
 For starters, sir, yes. 
 Put an end to this "Greater Russia" nonsense right now while they're down. 
 Mr. President, with respect, Russia is already completely on edge about our intentions. 
 We've had some pretty close calls over the last six months. 
 Due to their provocations. 
 Agreed. 
 No one's calling them the good guys here, but if we escalate and someone over there gets jittery, it could go nuclear. 
 Jackson : World War III. 
 Not exactly great for your poll numbers. 
 What do you suggest? 
 I think Foreign Minister Gorev is our best hope for a decent partner in Russia. 
 We can help him get there. 
 How? 
 We use him to reach out to the generals. 
 They're the real power behind the throne, whoever sits on it. 
 And tell them what? 
 That we're interested in improving relations on a host of issues, including Ukraine. 
 They're not all warmongers, and they have reasons to want to make a deal with us. 
 And if they do, Gorev is the man that got us there. 
 Craig : That's a big "if" between you and your glorious era of Neo-Glasnost, Madam Secretary. 
 Dalton : I want a plan before you leave for Russia tomorrow. 
 Yes, sir. 
 Jackson : Mr. President, Mr. Shaw here is going to brief us on the hack of Air Force One. 
 Make it quick, son. 
 Russia's imploding. 
 Oliver : We still don't know who perpetrated the attack, sir, but whoever it was... they've managed to develop next-gen kinetic cyber intrusion capabilities beyond anything in America's arsenal. 
 So we're facing an unknown enemy who's better armed than us. 
 We're probably talking about Russia, China, Iran, maybe North Korea, right? 
 Yes, ma'am, but the hackers were very good about covering their tracks. 
 Dalton : And we still don't know if they could pull off another such attack? 
 My team and I are working around the clock to prevent that from happening. 
 But no. 
 Jackson : So, bottom line is, Air Force One is still grounded? 
 I'm afraid so, sir. 
 But my plane's good to go, right? 
 Excellent. 
 "The era of Neo-Glasnost"? He actually said that? 
 Yeah. 
 Oh. 
 The guy is such an assh... Hi... 
 Hey. 
 ...baby! 
 What you got there, son? 
 His summer school report card. 
 (singsongy): It's gonna su-uck! 
 Ali... 
 Yeah. 
 Be nice. I'm excited. 
 Really excited. And, listen, son, whatever's in there... we're both really proud of you. 
 Elizabeth : Holy crap. 
 Holy crap. 
 Two As and a B-plus?! 
 (laughs) I knew you could do it. 
 Thanks, Mom. 
 I'm so proud of you. 
 (imitates explosion) 
 Alison : All right, up top. 
 You win. 
 Hey, let's talk about an "A" in Geometry? Dude. 
 Thanks. 
 Elizabeth : Yeah. 
 Actually, um, let's talk... about this. 
 Permission slip to try out for football? Huh. 
 Really? 
 Really. 
 (laughs) 
 (water running) 
 He totally rope-a-doped us with that report card, didn't he? 
 Well, if his long con was getting great grades all summer so he could try out for the football team, that's fine with me. 
 Well, are you also fine with him potentially ruining his knees or his brain? 
 Oh, come on, babe. That's... 
 Do I need to show you the studies? 
 I'm just saying that it might be good for him to be part of a team. 
 That's another thing. 
 How is it that our proud little anarchist weirdo wants to play football of all things? 
 Well, he's actually a pretty fast runner. 
 And, hey, sometimes doing the thing that seems the least punk rock is actually the most punk rock act of all. 
 Okay. 
 Thank you, Joe Strummer. I'll keep that in mind. 
 But can we just please hold off on signing that permission slip until I get back? 
 Maybe you can work your magic and figure out why he's hot on this all of the sudden. 
 Fair enough. Magic will be worked. 
 Okay. 
 Which one of these dresses says, "I'm terribly sorry your heartless autocrat husband is finally dead." 
 Well, I know which one makes this heartless autocrat of a husband glad he's not dead. 
 Oh, my God, that is the lamest come-on line ever. 
 I mean, that's... 
 (laughing): That is the stupidest thing... 
 And yet, it's working. 
 Elizabeth :  Ostrov  antagonized America for domestic reasons, to maintain his grip on power. 
 Now he's dead. 
 Am I crazy to think there's a window of opportunity here? 
 Nadine : I agree, ma'am. 
 But the question is: what do the generals want? 
 Daisy : To get out from under the sanctions we slapped on them? 
 And to back out of Ostrov's stupid war of choice in Eastern Ukraine. 
 So, can we give them a way to declare victory and go home? 
 Matt : But why? 
 Ultimately, they win on the battlefield. 
 Jay : 'Cause it's costing far more lives and rubles than they want to admit. 
 What if we can convince the Ukrainians to sign off on a vote for greater autonomy in the east? 
 It's rewarding Russian aggression. 
 It's also the fig leaf they need. 
 And what does the government in Kiev get, besides potentially signing away half of their country? 
 Peace in a war they can't win. 
 Serious military guarantees from us for Western Ukraine if the east  does  vote for greater autonomy. 
 And if the vote is fair, it may even go Kiev's way. 
 Also, if Gorev's the guy who got the sanctions lifted, he'll look pretty good to the Russian people. 
 Nadine : And from an American perspective, a President Gorev is certainly the least bad option on the table. 
 Ha! Look at that. Everybody wins. 
 Blake, will you get Foreign Minister Gorev on the phone? 
 Thank you. 
 I'll tell the secretary the foreign minister will call her back in a few minutes. Thank you. 
 (barks) 
 Is she in? 
 Uh, she's a little busy. 
 Hey, take Gordon outside while I'm in there, will you? 
 What? No, I'm a little busy, too. 
 So, get an intern to do it, delegate. 
 Honestly, I'm concerned about your problem-solving skills. 
 (barks) - Oh, and you're gonna... you're gonna want that. 
 Someone's had a lot of treats this morning, hasn't someone? Yes, someone has. 
 (barks, whines) 
 You have a Craig Sterling problem, and we need to talk about it. 
 Good morning. 
 'Cause if you don't get this under control, you are going to be boxed out of POTUS's inner circle. 
 Is that even geometrically possible? 
 And when that happens, you will leave office with no legacy, which, in this town, is worse than being dead. 
 Have I told you how sad I feel for literally everyone who lives here? 
 It's getting around that you are on the outs with the White House. 
 Because Craig is leaking it. 
 Because POTUS and Russell Jackson want him to. 
 Are you listening now? Good. 
 'Cause here's the thing: right now you are the face of the administration's successes in foreign policy, not Dalton. 
 Oh, come on. 
 Okay, don't "Aw, shucks" me, okay? 
 These guys have a reelection to win. 
 They brought Sterling in to ride herd on you. 
 They want to be seen as running the show. 
 Fine. 
 Let them. It's their show! 
 Bess, listen to me! 
 If you plant your flag on this Russia thing, you need to win. 
 Because if you don't, your credibility with POTUS is shot. 
 And by the way, Craig Sterling is gaming it so that you won't win. 
 You need to push back. 
 Why bother? 
 I mean, you're saying that even if I win, I lose. 
 Because if you lose, you lose worse. 
 (sighs) 
 What do you have in mind? 
 I could put together a binder. 
 No. I am not doing oppo research on a colleague. 
 Think of it as interesting trivia, if that helps. 
 If I can't win on the merits, then I deserve to be boxed out. 
 Of the circle, which, again, makes no sense. 
 Blake : Ma'am? 
 I have Foreign Minister Gorev for you on SVTC. 
 Great. Put him through. 
 No binder. 
 Don't say I didn't warn you. 
 Gorev :  But we have no troops in Ukraine. 
 And if we did, why would we pull them out? We're winning. 
 Elizabeth : Maybe, but there are an awful lot of trucks filled with coffins driving back to Russia in the dead of night. 
 Also, with the sanctions still in place, your economy has about as much chance of coming back to life as Pavel Ostrov. 
 May his memory be eternal. 
 And why do you want me to broker this deal with the generals? 
 Because they know that you are both an honest broker and a patriot. 
 Two traits they would perhaps admire in a president, no? 
 You're playing on my vanity and ambition here, I'm assuming. 
 And your sense of duty. 
 (sighs) 
 Do you think the generals would be open to my proposal? 
 They might be if negotiations were handled discreetly. 
 Of course. 
 Peace and prosperity. 
 That's what I'm offering, Anton. 
 I'm just glad you're not making me drink to them. 
 Two days of nothing but black bread and vodka? 
 I tell you, Ostrov's death is going to kill  me. 
 Well, don't kick the bucket yet. I need you. 
 I'm moved by your concern. 
 I'll be in touch, Elizabeth. 
 Ivan :  Russia  needed results, and Pavel Ostrov delivered! 
 The man was a dictator with the temperament of Ivan the Terrible... 
 This is exactly why... 
 ...and the looks of Leonid Brezhnev. 
 ...the United Kingdom is no longer an empire. 
 Good morning. Good morning, all. Good morning, everybody. 
 I think, in light of recent events, we should take a few minutes before diving into your papers on the theory of the Just War, which were, sadly, just okay. 
 So, does anybody else have anything they want to say about the passing of President Ostrov? 
 Frankly, the man looked like he'd been dead for years. 
 President Pavel Ostrov restored Russia to its rightful place as a great power. 
 He took back lands that were stolen from us, rebuilt our economy, and, through his strength, made the world respect us once again. 
 Well, cheers, lads, for that scene from a Soviet propaganda film. 
 Okay. 
 Anybody else want to weigh in? 
 All right, let's get started. 
 Craig :  So Gorev claims  he can deliver the generals. 
 But how exactly do you plan to deliver the Ukrainians? 
 I would pitch this to President Bozek when I stop in Kiev en route to Moscow. 
 It is the best outcome he can hope for. 
 Best for us, too, if it lands Gorev in the top spot. 
 Make the ask to Bozek when you get to Ukraine, Bess. 
 If he signs off, Gorev can set a meeting between you and the generals in Moscow. 
 That'll be all. 
 Thank you, sir. 
 Oh, hey, uh, Craig. 
 What can I do for you, Madam Secretary? 
 Well, you can start by calling me Elizabeth. 
 Sure. 
 Listen... (sighs) we may not be on the same side of every issue, but we are on the same team. 
 How about we have lunch sometime? 
 Trying to make nice with Russia is dangerous folly. 
 You may have won this round, but I won't rest until the president understands that. 
 Wait. So, just to parse the metaphor: now we're in a boxing match, a sport in which, of course, there are no teams, just two guys punching it out? 
 Is that where we are? 
 Fine. You want to have lunch, Elizabeth? Let's have lunch. 
 Great. I'll have my office set it up. 
 Uh, so we're clear... (clears throat) you improvised your way to some wins in your first year. 
 No doubt about it. 
 But when it comes to foreign policy, what this nation needs is a strong, clear strategy. 
 Now, the president brought me in to deliver exactly that, which should tell you something about his estimation of your achievements. 
 Still want to have that lunch? 
 Everyone's raving about the salmon croquettes at Girard's. 
 _ _ 
 Better papers next time, guys. 
 Hey. 
 Don't you think you protested a little much there? 
 Maybe I was sincerely grieving for my country. 
 Remember sincerity, Professor? 
 We need you to go to the Russian Embassy. 
 There's a memorial for President Ostrov tomorrow at 6:00. 
 Yes, I was invited. 
 We know. 
 We'd like you to approach Ambassador Zinchenko if you can, see if you can get his take on who might replace Ostrov. 
 He deals with generals, not no-name captains. 
 That will be suspicious. 
 Eh, it doesn't have to be. He's a man who's known to drink, and it's an occasion where everyone else will be, too. 
 What happens if I fail? 
 Hmm? 
 Do you know what they do to spies in Russia? 
 We won't let that happen. 
 And, besides, it's just a conversation. 
 And if I refuse? 
 How's your sister? 
 She arrived in Stockholm yesterday. 
 They've admitted her into the drug trial. 
 And, yes, I remember the deal we made. 
 Good. 
 I'll be in touch afterwards for the debrief. 
 You can do this, Dmitri. 
 I'm honored by your confidence, Professor McCord. 
 (door opens) 
 (door shuts) 
 I've always said this room needed a tent. 
 As you can see, the upgraded Secure Communications Tent features soundproof fabric, capable of blocking any long- or short-range attempts at surveillance. 
 If you'll just follow me inside. 
 That little guy projects a ring of electronic waves that block any other attempts at surveillance. 
 In light of the Air Force One hack, the president wanted to take every precaution for the secretary's trip to Russia. 
 Famous last words. 
 Excuse me? 
 It's a plane thing. She's, uh, a little uneasy since the secretary read us in about Air Force One. 
 On that note, I wanted to personally assure the secretary that my team has run every possible diagnostic on her plane. 
 It's all come back clean. 
 Okay. 
 Well, I'll let the secretary know. 
 Thank you so much for your time. 
 One question: how old are you? 
 What? 
 Seriously, how old? 
 I'm 30. Uh, I graduated college at 17, moved to Silicon Valley, started my first company at 21... 
 God, why is our culture so obsessed with youth? 
 If someone's gonna tell me a plane's safe, I want it to be a grown-ass man. 
 Nadine : Or woman. 
 Daisy : Anyone but a child is the point. 
 Blake : All right, Daisy, maybe we shouldn't yell at our nation's top cybersecurity official. 
 Look, I totally get your concerns. 
 But trust me, you're in good hands. 
 Matt : Okay, man, don't make it weird. 
 Thank you so much for coming in. 
 I'm sure that the secretary will feel very reassured. 
 Oliver : And, look, if you want to worry about something, worry about simple mechanical issues. 
 Okay! 
 Compared to Air Force One, the secretary's plane's a real rust bucket. 
 Blake : Oh! 
 Nadine : Okay, thank you. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. 
 Bye-bye. 
 Great. 
 Now we're all just standing in a tent. 
 Bozek :  Madam Secretary, 
 I must confess, I'm... a bit taken aback by your proposal. 
 Russia foments a civil war in my country, backed by a stealth invasion, and for this you want me to reward them with a vote? 
 A vote Kiev could well win if it's a fair one. 
 If you think it will be fair, you don't know the Russians. 
 I know they want out of your country. 
 Yes. 
 So long as I give them half of it. 
 The UN will oversee the vote. 
 But, more importantly, if the east opts for greater autonomy, the west of Ukraine will receive concrete security guarantees from the United States. 
 Give them a way out, Mr. President, and the Russians will take it. 
 Give  them  a way out? 
 Our economy is in ruins, hospitals overflowing, roads choked with refugees, but now it falls to me to protect their pride? 
 It's awful, I know, but this is how wars are ended. 
 If I told you what the Soviets did to my grandparents, you wouldn't sleep for a month. 
 But... if the Russians agree, so do I. 
 God help me. 
 (distant cheering, music) 
 You hear that? 
 (humming) 
 My people are celebrating. 
 We all envy you, you know. 
 Because, unlike us, you'll get to see that b*st*rd Ostrov in a box. 
 Two minutes. 
 Woman : He's here. 
 Two-minute warning for the secretary. 
 Copy that. 
 Hey, American friend! Picture? 
 What? 
 Make picture, please? 
 Oh, you-you want a photo? 
 Is it okay if I just do a quick photo? All right. 
 Uh, I'm just gonna do a quick photo with her. 
 Great. All right. 
 Your mom gonna take it? Here we go. 
 All right. Thanks so much. 
 Now my father, too. 
 Your father? Oh, with your father? Okay, all right. Here we go. 
 Okay. 
 Oh, great. All right. 
 God bless America. Thank you. 
 God bless America. 
 (quietly): She probably thinks I'm in a boy band. 
 So what are you saying, Dmitri's not up for it? 
 I'm saying he accepted the job, but he seemed... rattled and resentful about it. 
 That's because he's our bitch now. 
 Look, I think he's solid, but maybe we're pushing too hard, sending him on an op when Ostrov's body isn't even cold. 
 What, so we should hold his hand till he's finished the grieving process? 
 Why don't you go grab yourself an ice cream there, Scooter? 
 Look, upstairs is freaking out over what comes next in Russia. 
 We need the Intel, Henry. This has to happen. 
 I'm just concerned about Dmitri's state of mind. 
 Well, as his handler, you're the last word on that. 
 So I'd say we got a pretty big damn problem then, don't we? 
 
 
 
 ♪ 
 Mrs. Ostrova, please accept my condolences on behalf of the president and the people of the United States. 
 We cooperated with your husband on a host of issues, and he will be missed. 
 Thank you, Madam Secretary. 
 You're very kind. Please, come, sit. 
 Thank you. 
 Oh, this is happening. 
 Don't be such a wuss. 
 Oh, yeah, says the girl who hid in the bathroom the entire flight. 
 Just close your eyes and think of America. 
 Mm. His poor wife. 
 Yeah. 
 She had to do that every night. 
 Nadine : Rumor has it he had mistresses stashed in every dacha from here to Saint Petersburg. 
 But, still, she was someone. The wife of the big boss. 
 Now what's she gonna do, win another beauty pageant? 
 After the funeral tomorrow, she shuffles off to Nice or Monaco, and that's that. It's kind of sad. 
 Speaking of shuffling off, we should give the secretary the heads-up. 
 She's got that meeting to prepare for. 
 Gorev should have confirmed by now. Something's up. 
 Nadine : Maybe the generals got spooked. 
 Or maybe they saw this. 
 Blake, you're seriously posing with an anti-Russia protestor wearing a Nazi emblem. 
 Blake : Oh, my God. 
 Wait, where's the... where's the girl? 
 Where's the little girl? 
 There was a little girl. 
 We've been trolled. 
 Jay : During World War II, some Ukrainians hated the Soviets so much, they actually sided with the Nazis. 
 Blake : She said he was her father. There was a l... 
 I swear, there was a little girl. 
 Okay, shut up about the little girl. 
 Ma'am, if we want to keep our deal on track, we've got to get this back in the bottle and fast. 
 Matt : I don't think that's gonna work. 
 The state controls the media here. 
 Someone obviously wants it out there. 
 Ma'am, I'm so sorry I hugged a Nazi. 
 Wasn't a Nazi. 
 Those were Russian operatives trying to make us look bad. 
 Call Gorev's office. 
 Tell him I'm on my way. 
 Yes, ma'am. What are you going to say? 
 Whatever to keep this deal from blowing up. Let's move. 
 What did I say about discretion? 
 You have to know that obviously that picture's a setup. 
 That is a nuance that will be lost on the Russian public, I'm afraid. 
 The father of the nation is dead. 
 The people have no idea what will happen next! 
 Can we just get the generals in a room? 
 Madam Secretary, I suggest that you attend President Ostrov's funeral and then leave quietly. 
 You're saying that you're willing to sacrifice a chance at better relations with the United States over a stupid picture? 
 This is a time when all Russians must be very mindful of the moment we are in. 
 Do you understand? 
 Anton... 
 Bozek is in. 
 He's willing to hold a referendum on autonomy in Eastern Ukraine? 
 Provided you pull your troops out and it's supervised by the UN, yes. 
 Bring the generals, and I'll bring Ukraine. 
 I'll see what I can do. 
 _ _ 
 (sighs) Well, Mike B's furious. 
 He saw the picture, too? 
 Of course he did. He said, and I quote, "I see all. I am the Pan-Opticon. 
 Fix this or you're fired." 
 Oh, God, I'm such an idiot. 
 Yes, you are. 
 You created a scandal that could impact U.S. foreign policy for years to come because you wanted to be nice. 
 I was being diplomatic. 
 I work for a diplomat. 
 Face it, you're a people pleaser. 
 Actually, I hate most people. 
 It takes all of my skill to hide that. 
 So you take pictures with them instead. 
 Uh... (gulps) 
 Oh, maybe you're right. 
 I can't not be helpful. 
 It's my tragic flaw. 
 Everyone understands that this whole thing is absurd, except, of course, the millions of Russians who need to. 
 I have to at least figure out how the hell it happened. 
 One thought. 
 Permission to not be a people pleaser? 
 Granted in perpetuity. 
 Oliver... the president's cyber guy. 
 He'd probably want to help, since he was... clearly flirting with you. 
 But you were too busy being a neurotic hard-ass to notice. 
 Okay, for the record, there was a very real chance that our plane could have been hacked and we were all going to die a watery death. 
 But... "neurotic hard-ass" is a good start. 
 Really? 
 You like that? (stammers) 
 Damn it. 
 Where are you going, Dmitri? 
 Do you have someplace more interesting to be? 
 No, I just, uh, I thought I forgot something. 
 I'm good. 
 ♪ 
 (quiet exhale) 
 (indistinct chatter) 
 ♪ 
 Hey, Jason! 
 Okay, go long. Hut! 
 All right. 
 (groans) 
 Oh! 
 I lost that one in the light. 
 Happens to the best of us. 
 So... (grunts) 
 I think I'm gonna try out for wide receiver. 
 Really? Hey, that's great. 
 So... you'll sign the permission slip? 
 (chuckles) Now, listen... 
 Trying to split me and Mom is not a winning strategy. 
 Come here, sit down for a second. 
 We're just pretty curious... where this whole football thing came from. 
 You know, you and Mom are always asking me to join stuff, and then when I actually do, you get all weird about it? 
 Hey, hey, pal, calm down. 
 We're just talking. 
 What's up? 
 I, um... 
 I want to make friends. 
 Okay? 
 You don't feel like you have friends at school? 
 No, I mean... at my old school I sort of had this... aura of mystery, you know, but at my new school kids just think I'm weird and ignore me. 
 ♪ 
 Well, I guess one of the downsides of being a loner is... everybody leaves you alone. 
 (chuckles) 
 Hey, come on, wait a minute, come on, what about that kid, what's his name? Kyle. 
 (laughs): Oh, no. 
 No, that's purely a  Call of Duty  relationship. 
 Kyle's not cool in the real world. 
 Oh, so you... wait... 
 (laughs) so you want actual  human  friends. 
 Yes, actual human friends. 
 Oh. Okay, listen to me. 
 (chuckles) You're gonna find them. 
 Okay. 
 I promise. All right? 
 All right. 
 Okay. 
 Let's do a square out. Ready? Hut! 
 Here we go. 
 He said that? 
 "I want to make friends"? 
 Oh, my God, that kills me. 
 It's like getting stabbed in the heart. 
 So if he doesn't make the team, he won't have friends, but if he does, he'll end up in traction. 
 It's a paradox. 
 We have to let him try out, don't we? 
 I think we do. 
 But... for what it's worth, we played catch just now for, like, half an hour. 
 (exhales) 
 (exhales): Oh, that is (laughs): such a relief. 
 I am a terrible parent. 
 I've been meaning to tell you. 
 Ma'am. 
 I got to go. 
 I love you. 
 Love you, too. Give 'em hell. 
 (beep) 
 Gorev came through. 
 The meeting with the generals is back on. 
 Thank you. 
 Do me a favor... don't screw this up. 
 Gentlemen, it's a pleasure to finally meet you all. 
 (chuckling) 
 (sighs, chuckles) 
 (vehicle approaching) 
 (tires screech, doors open) 
 (yelling, punches thumping) 
 (tires squeal) 
 _ _ 
 Who do you think sent us, traitor? 
 Say that one more time. 
 I dare you! _ 
 Why do they even make these anymore, huh? 
 They're not good for anything. 
 Oh, except maybe this. 
 (seething breaths) 
 Hey! What's up? 
 I don't know. You called me. 
 Yeah, well, like, how's it going? 
 Well, I'm babysitting the secretary's assistant, sending out tweets and press releases that are all being blocked by the Russian government. 
 So I'm fantastic. 
 What do you got? 
 Okay, I tracked the photograph of Blake and his troll friend to its original IP address, to this guy. 
 Boris Spokavsky. 
 A self-proclaimed "citizen journalist." 
 Yeah, they don't have those here. 
 He's also a manager at the Children's Cultural and Spiritual Center in Moscow. 
 Which is what? 
 Which is what? 
 Some... uh, weird museum filled with nationalist propaganda and some Russian Orthodox Church stuff thrown in for good measure... but that's not what's interesting. 
 What's interesting Thank God. 
 Is that the center is a pet charity of Ostrov's wife, Maria. 
 What the hell? 
 Wait, do you think she could be behind this? 
 Do you? 
 (sighs) 
 ♪ 
 One of Gorev's guys got in touch. 
 The generals were impressed. 
 They say they hope U.S.-Russian relations could get back on track soon. 
 Don't we all? 
 Look, if he was gonna talk he would've talked by now. 
 Cooper : Yeah, you'd be surprised. 
 You brought this concern to us, Henry. 
 Now we're looking into it. 
 (man speaking Russian over speaker) 
 What the hell is happening? _ 
 No idea, but it ain't good. 
 And those cameras are broadcasting it live all over Russia and the world. 
 I've heard enough. 
 Take this message to your president, Secretary McCord. 
 Russia is not afraid of you. 
 (applause and cheering) 
 Rusalka! Rusalka! 
 _ _ 
 (gasps, groans) 
 (groaning) 
 (groaning) 
 Satisfied? 
 (grunts) 
 (panting) 
 (coughing) 
 (coughing continues) 
 Oh. 
 I should have known. 
 (door closes) 
 Had to be done. 
 It was a test. 
 From the great and wise professor, huh? 
 A test any intelligence operative would have to go through. 
 You know, I did what you asked, you know. 
 I spent the evening drinking with Ambassador Zinchenko. 
 How'd that go? 
 He said nothing of importance. 
 Apparently he has a lot of s*x. 
 You established a relationship. 
 We can build on that. 
 That's good work. 
 Good. And this is the thanks I get. 
 Anyone could be listening or watching at any time. 
 You have to be prepared for whatever happens. 
 We had to make sure that you were up to it. 
 And did I pass your test? 
 Yes. 
 A question, Professor. 
 What's that? 
 How do you sleep at night? 
 Just fine. 
 You can go. 
 Elizabeth :  Sir, 
 I understand you're frustrated. 
 No one saw her coming. 
 But everyone saw her kick America in the teeth at that funeral. 
 Not to mention the fact that she's turned your pal Gorev into political kryptonite. 
 He's probably gonna face criminal charges. 
 Or worse. 
 Dalton : Maria Ostrov made us look weak and feckless, and now we have to answer. 
 Sir, my advice is the same as it was before the secretary's misadventure. 
 Let's get behind Kiev and arm the Ukrainians. 
 Let that be our answer. 
 You say I don't have a strategy, but you're suggesting escalating a conflict the Ukrainians cannot win on their own, but that we have no intention of engaging directly in? 
 How is that a strategy? 
 Who says we're not willing to engage directly? 
 We tried it your way, Bess. 
 Thank you. 
 She in? Great. 
 Come on, come on, I don't have all day. 
 Neither does Gordon. 
 It doesn't have to be you. 
 Call that weird kid with the eyebrows. 
 Wayne or whatever. 
 You know what, Mr. Barnow? 
 I don't work for you. 
 So either find someone who does, or... here's a thought... don't bring the dog! 
 But whatever you do, don't ever hand me a poo-bag again, or it's gonna get filled up and thrown at your car. 
 Are we clear? 
 (barks) 
 Wow, look who grew a pair. 
 And all it took was a major international incident. 
 Good for you. 
 Dare I hope the fact that you've called me here means you've at least recognized Sterling as a threat? 
 Sit. 
 (dog panting) 
 You heard her. 
 Craig Sterling isn't just out to sideline me. 
 He's out to land us in a shooting war with Russia. 
 I can't let him do that. 
 You want the binder? 
 Yeah, I want the binder. 
 Henry :  So, Pavel Ostrov's wife, the great dictator. 
 Who saw that coming? 
 Thank you. Nobody! 
 Right? Nobody saw it coming, but somehow it's my fault. 
 Well, come on. You did your best, babe. 
 Oh, my best wasn't good enough. 
 And the worst part is that Gorev went out on a limb for me, and now he's in serious danger. 
 You okay? How was your day? 
 It was fine. 
 It was weird. 
 You want to talk about it? 
 Jason : Oh. 
 Hey, Mom. 
 Hey, buddy. 
 Welcome back. 
 How'd the tryouts go? 
 Made the team. 
 What? That's amazing! 
 Sure is. Come here. 
 Gosh. (mouths) 
 So, wide receiver, huh? 
 No, no, no, it turns out I can't catch. 
 What?! 
 Yeah, I'm gonna be on "D." 
 It's, um, linebacker. 
 Hell, yeah, you are. 
 That is really... 
 You go get 'em! 
 One concussion, and that is it. 
 He is off the team. 
 (phone beeps, buzzes) 
 That's a deal. 
 I mean it, Henry. 
 (sighs) 
 I'll see you later. 
 Oliver :  While my team and I  have yet to deduce who perpetrated the hack on Air Force One, we have learned a crucial and troubling new piece of information. 
 What's that? 
 The hackers didn't just knock out communications to and from Air Force One. 
 They had total control over the entire plane. 
 Primary controls, hydro-mechanical, autopilot. 
 All of it. 
 Jackson : So they could have flown the damn plane straight into the Pacific? 
 I'm afraid so, sir. 
 So why didn't they? 
 Because they wanted us to know they could do it again, any time they choose. 
 Sir, this was a warning. 
 ♪ 
 Bless me, Father, for I have sinned. 
 My last confession... 
 ...was 11 years ago. 
 (panting) 
 These are my sins. 
 DA. 
 DA. (cheering and applause) (chanting): Maria! Maria! Maria! Maria! Maria! Maria! Maria! Maria! Maria! Maria! Maria...! 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 