Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x01 - I'll Never Give Up Hope - Legacies 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x01 - I'll Never Give Up Hope https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=860&t=34598 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/11/19 13:24 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x01 - I'll Never Give Up Hope 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on Legacies My name is Hope Mikaelson. 
  The school behind these gates protects the secrets of people like me. 
  Vampires, werewolves, witches and everything in between. 
  - What happened? 
  - Landon took a knife. 
  Now monsters that shouldn't exist have been coming after it ever since. 
  - What's Malivore? 
  - It's a hell dimension that consumes creatures and wipes their existence from the collective conscience. 
  Dad? 
  Do you think I'm broken? 
  There's something that happens to twins like you and Josie. 
  When you turn 22, the Gemini must merge. 
  So, one of us is gonna have to kill - the other one? 
  - I failed you. 
  The honor council will convene to decide whether I should remain as your headmaster. 
  I can't control it. 
  We've been wondering if he's supernatural. 
  You ever heard of the legend of the phoenix? 
  I can't control myself. 
  Use this. 
  Only catch is, you can't turn yourself back. 
  Our father is Malivore, the most powerful monster ever to walk the Earth. 
  Our father? 
  And now Malivore's gonna rise unless I stop him. 
  Because once I toss myself into that pit, no one at school will remember me, including you. 
  Over there. 
  Hi, little brother. 
  Have a great summer, guys. 
  See you in September. 
  At the Salvatore School, the end of the year means different things to different people. 
  For some it's about reunions. 
  To others it means saying goodbye. 
  Summer is a time to set out on new adventures, see the world, to grow in ways you never imagined. 
  Everyone moves on. 
  Milton. 
  Except for those who have nowhere to go, the ones like me. 
  My name is Landon Kirby. 
  All I've ever wanted to know is where I come from, to have a home, a family, to be special. 
  Recently, I got all of it. 
  So why do I feel like nothing's changed? 
  Somehow it feels like the most important piece of my life is missing. 
  I know I need to keep searching for answers because as far as I can tell, being immortal means being alone. 
  And being alone is hopeless. 
  Mom didn't tell you anything else about this thing? 
  Only that it's called an Ascendant, and you and I made it with Aunt Bonnie when we were five. 
  Does it have anything to do with the Merge? 
  I don't know. 
  She's being cagey about it. 
  I Sorry. 
  Mom almost busted me. 
  You know, we can Facechat like normal people. 
  We aren't normal. 
  And we need to keep our magic sharp over the summer. 
  - How is therapy going? 
  - Fine. 
  There is this sexy Swedish guy whose session is after me on Tuesdays. 
  I think he's Swedish. 
  Maybe Polish. 
  Anyway, it doesn't matter. 
  He is hot and crazy, and the language barrier will make it impossible for us to communicate. 
  Just how I like it. 
  - You should really work on that. 
  - I'll add it to the list of broken pieces to glue together. 
  What about you? 
  Any hot summer dates? 
  Dad's been, like, my life plus-one ever since he got the headmaster boot. 
  I honestly think he's going through a midlife crisis. 
  - Gross. 
  Hair growth? 
  - Bushy. 
  - Lady prospects? 
  - Lacking. 
  Are you not having any fun at all? 
  What about Wee Willie Winkle? 
  Landon's been keeping to himself mostly. 
  He's always off with Raf. 
  So ditch it all and come to Europe. 
  I can't. 
  I don't want to leave Dad alone. 
  I'm honestly kind of worried he's gonna go out and buy a tiny red car. 
  I thought we were taking strides to be less codependent. 
  We are. 
  But there's codependent and then there's leaving Dad with his alarming mustache growth. 
  - Oh, gross. 
  - Yeah. 
  Can I help you? 
  It's me, Dorian. 
  So how is the headmaster search going? 
  Caroline's narrowing it down. 
  I really appreciate you loaning me this stuff. 
  I'm headed to Georgia tomorrow. 
  I'm gonna do another round of forensic testing on the Malivore pit. 
  If I learn anything new, I'll-I'll let you know. 
  I know I may have gotten heated over the vote. 
  You did. 
  Yeah, okay, I probably overreacted. 
  - You may have. 
  - Well, I just wasn't expecting that you'd keep your vote a secret. 
  - It was a secret ballot, Ric. 
  - Yeah. 
  Of course. 
  But between you, Josie, Kaleb and Jed voting, I'm still wondering how three to one happened. 
  Yeah, I just assumed I could count on your vote. 
  Good luck, Ric. 
  I really hope you find what you're looking for. 
  Dr. 
  Saltzman. 
  Long time no see. 
  I see Raf is eating better than I am. 
  Yeah, well, you get stuck in permanent wolf form, and you, too, can hit the all-you-can-eat meat buffet. 
  Yeah. 
  Any luck finding a spell to turn him back? 
  I'm working on it. 
  Any luck figuring out why I can't remember destroying the Malivore pit? 
  I'm working on it. 
  Everything else good? 
  Totally. 
  Here's to success. 
  Yeah. 
  Yes. 
  Sing to me, baby. 
  That's what I like to hear. 
  Sing to me like a vamp without his Daylight Ring on a hot Georgia summer day. 
  Mmm. 
  You're supposed to be taking notes. 
  Didn't seem necessary with you narrating the whole deal. 
  Narration goes one way. 
  What you heard was a conversation. 
  - With your meat? 
  - Meat's got a name, okay, same as you. 
  This is Gertrude. 
  My crazy Uncle Earl, he owns a farm outside the city. 
  I was there the day she was born. 
  That's dark, dude. 
  It's the circle of life, man. 
  All natural. 
  What ain't natural is you over there pouting. 
  - If you say so. 
  - No, I know so. 
  Look, you're about to have the best summer of your life. 
  All right? 
  I appreciate everything that you're doing for me, Kaleb. 
  I really do. 
  But it doesn't change the fact that I miss my family, even if they suck. 
  Or that I went full superhero and then school ended just when Lizzie Saltzman - thought I was cool. 
  - Oh. 
  We don't say that name, okay? 
  Don't even fix your mouth to say Li none of that. 
  Okay? 
  It's like I was saying before, I'm your family now. 
  Which means that my family is your family, too. 
  Which also means that you must start practicing for the cook-off that happens on this rooftop every Fourth of July. 
  Because this year, we're beating my crazy-ass uncle at his own game. 
  All right? 
  - Okay. 
  - Okay. 
  Now you take some fresh animal blood. 
  Take in this gorgeous view. 
  Take a deep breath. 
  Yeah. 
  Best summer of our lives. 
  Yeah, bro. 
  Mmm. 
  Mmm. 
  Oh, that's straight Gertrude right there. 
  Yeah, yeah, that-that's her. 
  I suck at this. 
  My best friend used to say he'd rather starve than eat anything I tried to make, but you already know that. 
  That's good. 
  I know you're in there, Raf. 
  I'm gonna find a way to get you back, and then everything will be good again, okay? 
  I'll never give up hope. 
  Hello? 
  Post tenebras spero lucem. 
  Fancy meeting you here. 
  Whoa. 
  What the hell are you doing here? 
  Saving your life, obviously. 
  No. 
  I'm supposed to be in-in peace. 
  Okay, you are not peace. 
  In fact, you're the opposite of peace. 
  So, where are we? 
  Come on. 
  Do the math. 
  It's not that simple. 
  Okay, there are freaky cyclones and blinding lights and you're here Oh, my God, we're in hell. 
  No such thing. 
  I think. 
  Go on. 
  Take your best guess. 
  No. 
  Why not? 
  Because I'm not gonna give you the satisfaction of telling me that I failed. 
  You mean you don't want to hear you're in the Blackness? 
  - That you've been consumed by Malivore? 
  - No. 
  You don't want me to point out that all your romantic heroics were for nada? 
  That the big bad lives to see another day and all your friends have forgotten you ever existed? 
  - Stop talking. 
  - If I were you, I'd make peace with that. 
  Hope. 
  Wait. 
  I can help you. 
  I don't see how. 
  I spent years inside this place, and while you cannonballing into the belly of Malivore didn't seem to destroy him, it has changed things, so stop being a dick to me and maybe I'll elaborate. 
  Okay. 
  I'm partially listening. 
  Every creature consumed by my father used to exist here in total isolation, but here we are, talking to each other. 
  Your presence here has somehow opened the cell doors. 
  If it can do that, maybe there's a way for us to escape. 
  So what do you say? 
  Partners? 
  Pass. 
  You are such a child. 
  No wonder you failed. 
  Says the guy whose entire life has been about failing Daddy. 
  I don't trust you, okay? 
  And I never will. 
  You're the one who brought me into this mess. 
  If you'd just let me meat-puppet my loser little brother, then we wouldn't even be in Imitantor pupulis. 
  Not again. 
  Your old friend, the mimic spell. 
  You will do anything I intend you to do, and it is my intention that this is the last conversation we will ever have. 
  If I were you, I'd make peace with that. 
  So I should probably tell you I moved rooms last month. 
  Ours was getting painted, and I figured I'd move back in once you were, you know, you again. 
  But if for any reason you become you while I'm out, like, looking for ways to help you become you, I just didn't want you to go back and see that I wasn't in our room anymore and think that I bailed on you, because I would never do that, obviously. 
  And this ain't so bad, right? 
  I mean, I know it's taking a lot longer for us to get you out of this mess than we both hoped, but you got your own wolf den. 
  We do movie nights. 
  Happy Fourth of July, buddy. 
  No matter what path I go down, it seems like a dead end. 
  I mean, there were at least two other people with Landon the night Malivore was destroyed. 
  They left fibers, footprints, hair. 
  I just don't know who they were. 
  Isn't that the point? 
  If somebody went into the Malivore pit, they'd be erased from our memories. 
  Yeah, well, that's what's haunting me. 
  Who have we forgotten? 
  It couldn't have been anybody we've known. 
  There'd be keepsakes, photos, an empty bed somewhere. 
  Well, whoever they were, they were important to somebody. 
  So, Dad, I was actually hoping we could talk about the Ascendant, what it has to do with the Merge. 
  Wait, is that Landon right there? 
  I've had my head buried in books for weeks, nothing on how to turn a wolf back into a human. 
  I keep hitting dead end after dead end. 
  - Join the club. 
  - Hey. 
  Landon, can you ask my dad why he won't give me answers to my very simple questions on how my sister and I can survive past the age of 22? 
  That's because your dad doesn't have any answers he's able to give you. 
  - That's why, sweetheart. 
  - Able to or willing? 
  Look, there is nothing about the Ascendant you need to know. 
  Then why do you flinch every time I bring it up? 
  Because it has nothing to do with the Merge, Josette, so let's just drop it, okay? 
  I'm gonna head back to campus. 
  Whoa, what about the fireworks? 
  Oh, I'm worried they might scare Raf. 
  You know, I don't want him to be alone. 
  I'll come with you. 
  I'm suddenly not in the mood to celebrate anything, much less independence. 
  Okay, Daisy, today's the big day, so think tender thoughts. 
  Embrace this dry rub, become one with it, and thanks for, like, dying for us and stuff, you know? 
  You talking to your meat? 
  Nah, that'd, that'd, that'd be weird, right? 
  Be weird if you didn't. 
  A great steak's like a plant. 
  You love on it and it shows. 
  What should I say? 
  Well, you can start by telling me your name. 
  Milton. 
  Your daddy hate you or something? 
  Not until recently, but my friends call me MG. 
  Huh. 
  Then it's nice to meet you, Milton. 
  It's time to flip Daisy. 
  You can tell by the color of the smoke, like when they're electing a new pope. 
  Okay. 
  All right. 
  Hope. 
  We can work this out. 
  Don't do this to me. 
  Listen to me, whatever this is, it's gonna destroy you. 
  It'll rip you apart. 
  Please break the spell so I can help you. 
  Hope! 
  You're welcome. 
  Oh, crap. 
  Not exactly what I was expecting Oh, crap. 
  Run. 
  I changed my mind about the fireworks. 
  It's not a big deal. 
  Who do you think you're talking to? 
  My sister is the queen of self-harm. 
  I know it when I see it. 
  I'm not harming myself because I can't be harmed. 
  That's the point. 
  Where, in any of your phoenix research, does it say that the number of times that you can resurrect is infinite? 
  Where does it say it isn't? 
  Hurting yourself doesn't make anything better. 
  It never does. 
  You're right. 
  Maybe I should focus on other people's problems instead of my own. 
  - That's not what I'm doing. 
  - That's a lie. 
  - How do you know? 
  - Because when you lie as often as I used to, you develop a gut feeling. 
  - I just know. 
  - Okay. 
  What are we supposed to do? 
  You tell me. 
  Because, to be honest with you, I'm kind of at a loss. 
  Maybe we should both stop worrying so much about dying. 
  Start living a little? 
  " by The Fatback Band playing) My name is Yum Yum, gimme some My name is Yum Yum, gimme some My name is Yum Yum, gimme some My name is Yum Yum, gimme some - Oh. 
  Mm. 
  - Hey, Kaleb. 
  Relax, Special K. 
  It's just barbecue. 
  Now, look here, I stood by you when I thought you murdered one of our friends. 
  But you say something stupid like that again, we ain't brothers, man. 
  Okay. 
  Damn. 
  Another vote for my creepy-ass uncle. 
  I'm Earl. 
  Uh, - Milton, Milton Greasley. 
  - That's right. 
  I heard about you. 
  Good things, I hope. 
  Yeah, bloodsucker, all good. 
  You got his ass. 
  Hey, I tried your meat. 
  - Yeah? 
  - Solid second place. 
  See you on the podium. 
  Yeah, but this time you'll be looking up. 
  Do you really think we can win? 
  Hell no, man. 
  I know we can. 
  It's like I've been saying: best summer ever. 
  - Yes, sir. 
  Yes, sir. 
  - Look at this. 
  Um, about that, I may have found someone. 
  - That's what's up. 
  - Yeah. 
  - She here? 
  - Yeah. 
  - Oh, which one? 
  - Uh, orange top. 
  Boom. 
  Best summer Never. 
  You're talking about Kym? 
  Is-is that her, is that her name? 
  MG, are you kidding me? 
  I've told you a million stories about Kym. 
  Kym. 
  I Your sister? 
  Th-The who was away, building houses for homeless people? 
  - And without all of that - Mm-hmm. 
  Look, man, have all the summer fun you want. 
  Just don't be having it with her. 
  What? 
  Songwriting? 
  Stop. 
  I can't take it anymore. 
  Somewhere in Belgium, Penelope Park's black heart just exploded. 
  You and Gizmo the Gremlin? 
  Actually, Gizmo's a Mogwai. 
  Oh, God. 
  He's got you speaking nerd. 
  - Relax. 
  We're just friends. 
  - You are not friends. 
  - You're a montage. 
  - It's been fun. 
  It's been, like, actual fun. 
  You know what's actual-actual fun? 
  Mom and I taking the speed train to Rome for the weekend. 
  So get your ass across the pond. 
  Love you. 
  How long do you think we've been here? 
  Hard to say. 
  A week? 
  A month? 
  A year? 
  What difference does it make? 
  What the hell was that? 
  Uh, a gargoyle, I think. 
  I killed one once with my friends. 
  You know, my teenage friends. 
  So why is a supervillain like you scared? 
  I'm not a villain. 
  I never have been. 
  I'm just a kid who's afraid of his father and will do anything to get away from him. 
  My entire life's been about figuring out how. 
  And failing miserably. 
  Papilio lux. 
  You think that's our ticket out? 
  No. 
  It's a comfort spell. 
  It's, it's supposed to provide peace of mind. 
  Thank you. 
  - Why did you do that? 
  - Do what? 
  Oh, crap. 
  - Invisique. 
  - Meaning? 
  I'm invisible to them. 
  You're invisible. 
  What about me? 
  Guess we're partners after all. 
  I didn't say that. 
  But you did just save my life. 
  Because you're keeping things from me, and I want to know why. 
  Veritas tempus. 
  Would you stop with the magic already? 
  It's not fair. 
  Think before you answer. 
  Is it unfair, or do you deserve it? 
  I totally deserve it. 
  What? 
  Wh-Why-why did I just say that? 
 
 
 
  Because I cast a truth spell. 
  You can only answer me honestly. 
  Now, how does that make you feel? 
  Like this isn't gonna end well for me. 
  I bring him dinner every day at 5:00. 
  I mean, sometimes he doesn't come out of the woods, but he's always here. 
  Well, that doesn't mean something happened. 
  Raf's a wolf. 
  - It's not like he wears a watch. 
  - But every day, Josie, for months, and it's been three days, and Maybe I am just assuming the worst, but the worst is usually what happens. 
  And it's bad enough that he's stuck as a wolf, but if-if he's lost, he's got no one. 
  - I can't let him be alone. 
  - Landon. 
  It's gonna be okay. 
  We're gonna find him. 
  I'll do a locator spell, and we're gonna track his movements, okay? 
  I'm gonna help you. 
  This entire time, I've been working on a theory, you know, trying to figure out why the vortex comes. 
  And then I realized, it's always after I do magic. 
  Am I getting warm? 
  Scalding. 
  You know, it makes a lot of sense when you think about it. 
  I thought that I was wrong about me being the only one who could destroy him, but I think my actual mistake was that I, I wasn't a fully activated Tribrid when I dove into that pit. 
  I've never died, so my vampire side hasn't been activated yet. 
  And what I'm realizing now is that Malivore doesn't want me here. 
  I'm toxic to him. 
  Finish that sentence, please? 
  Malivore's trying to expel you. 
  To send you back from where you came. 
  - And every time he tries - I grab hold of you to try to get expelled with you. 
  But as much as my father wants you to leave, he wants to keep torturing me here even more. 
  Then it's official. 
  All we have to do is wait. 
  For what? 
  That's my ride. 
  Hope, you can't leave me here. 
  I can't leave with you. 
  Okay? 
  I have to get back to my friends. 
  I have to get back to Landon. 
  I can't lie, right? 
  So you know I'm telling the truth when I say that if you help me go back, too, you'll never see me again. 
  I promise. 
  I'm sorry. 
  But do you understand why I can't take that risk? 
  Yeah. 
  I would do the same thing if I were you. 
  - God. 
  - Good luck, Clarke. 
  Screw you, Hope. 
  Think of my blood like the red line crossing the map in Raiders of the Lost Ark. 
  It'll flow wherever it senses Raf. 
  And it'll show us the path. 
  Thank you for this. 
  Of course. 
  It's honestly child's play. 
  It's how I used to cheat at hide-and-go-seek. 
  And just give it a second. 
  I want you to know, I wasn't trying to hurt myself. 
  On the Fourth. 
  I wasn't trying to, like, self-destruct or anything. 
  Mm, could've fooled me. 
  I don't know. 
  Maybe it started like that, but when I go under, I see images. 
  Memories, maybe. 
  There's something buried in my brain, and when I die, I get a glimpse of it, but Maybe it's nothing. 
  Maybe it's the answer to everything. 
  I don't know. 
  No answer is more important than making sure that you don't accidentally overshoot your phoenix quota. 
  Are you happy? 
  What do you mean? 
  I mean, since we started hanging out I mean, until Raf went missing I think I was finally starting to get happy-ish. 
  I'm definitely happy-ish. 
  I just don't know if I can be fully happy until I know that Lizzie and I are gonna survive past the Merge. 
  Yeah. 
  Look, I don't want to cause problems, but I think that your dad is lying to you about the Ascendant. 
  How do you know? 
  I just know. 
  Take me to wild Take me to the water Forensic detective? 
  Close. 
  True crime novelist. 
  You're a liar. 
  Josie. 
  You can't be in here. 
  - She can't be in here. 
  - Yeah, I'm aware. 
  Just give me a second. 
  - What's going on? 
  - All summer I've been worried about you. 
  "Got to take care of Dad, make sure that he doesn't fall into a depression or buy a motorcycle. 
  " I gave up my summer with Mom to make sure that you wouldn't be alone, and this entire time you've been lying to me about the Ascendant? 
  - I - I'm calling the cops. 
  Let the man talk to his daughter. 
  Take me to the light Dad, how could you? 
  Dad told me everything. 
  The Ascendant is a lock to a prison world. 
  It's a long story, but we have an uncle that is trapped down there, and he is the only other living member of our lunatic family. 
  And he's been through the Merge, so he's got to have answers. 
  Well, then let's go the minute I get back. 
  Lizzie, I gave the Ascendant back to Dad. 
  You what? 
  Why? 
  This guy that's trapped down there killed Jo on her wedding day with Dad. 
  I mean, this guy murdered his twin. 
  So, Dad said it's a last resort. 
  And until then we should just stay far away from it. 
  So, in the meantime you should enjoy your speed trains and hang out with hot Swedish guys and have your summer fun. 
  Listen. 
  I'm in therapy three hours a day. 
  When I'm not with a shrink, I'm with a doctor. 
  And when I'm not with a doctor, I'm with a healer. 
  I'm doing everything I can to get better, like, really better. 
  I should have told you that. 
  I don't know why I didn't. 
  But promise me you will make the most of the rest of this summer, okay? 
  I promise. 
  I didn't see you. 
  Are you okay? 
  Yeah, Dorian, I'm okay. 
  Glad to hear it, but how did you know my name? 
  Your parking pass. 
  Always hated that picture. 
  What brings you out here tonight? 
  A boy. 
  Well, we're all locked up in there. 
  Everyone's gone for the summer. 
  Okay. 
  Thanks. 
  Uh, sorry to bother you. 
  You started without me. 
  Your map worked. 
  He's right here. 
  What's the problem? 
  He was, but then when I came out here to find him, that appeared. 
  Raf's not missing. 
  He just doesn't want to be here anymore. 
  I knew this going in. 
  I mean, uh, the longer he's a wolf, the less human he'll be, and at what point does a wolf no longer need a human best friend and movie nights? 
  Maybe he moved on. 
  'Cause he saw that you have someone who can help you be happy ish. 
  Hey. 
  Is this seat taken? 
  Landon. 
  Wait, how do you know my name? 
  Sorry. 
  There's no way I'd even pretend to forget Hope Mikaelson. 
  You're just saying that because you know I want to hear it. 
  Well, actually, that's not how this works. 
  I'm kind of here to tell you the things you don't want to hear, right? 
  Yeah. 
  I really needed to see you. 
  Happy to be seen. 
  Well, I mean, as happy as the magical, holographic manifestation of your subconscious can be. 
  So what's on your mind? 
  I missed your eyes. 
  Oh, admittedly, they're pretty dreamy. 
  So much for accuracy. 
  - Landon would never say that. 
  - Well, it's creative license. 
  Besides, let's face it, you already know what he'd say about your current dilemma. 
  Then maybe I just want to hear it from fake you. 
  Fine. 
  Then, in that case, there is no world in which I would ever want you to leave town without telling me you're back from the dead. 
  I never died, technically. 
  Then I'd want to hear about that, too. 
  I'd want to hear about everything because I love you, and you love me. 
  You leaving town is a stupid move and you know it. 
  Especially after we agreed not to lie to each other. 
  Don't turn this around on me. 
  Okay, besides, what's happening between you and Josie? 
  Ugh. 
  - So you're mad at me? 
  - No. 
  I'm not mad at you. 
  I can't be mad at you, right? 
  It's not your fault. 
  You don't even know I exist. 
  But that still hurts. 
  Of course it does. 
  Okay. 
  So, then think about how much it would hurt me to find out you're just down the road. 
  Fair enough. 
  If you can answer this one question correctly, then I promise I'll go running back to you, and I'll, I'll tell you the whole truth. 
  Would you quit playing games? 
  There is no answer either of us could give that should stop you from doing that right now. 
  Are you happy? 
  Is everyone happier now? 
  Could you leave me for a minute? 
  I don't really want to cry in front of you, even if you're fake. 
  So you, uh, feel like I let you down, huh? 
  Nah. 
  Nah. 
  Uh, best summer ever's a big ask. 
  Man, why do you always do that? 
  - What? 
  - Not speak your truth. 
  Okay, this summer sucked. 
  I mean, you tell me to move on, and the first time I actually do, you tell me I can't even talk to her. 
  She's my sister, man. 
  Just like you're my brother. 
  I'm sorry, but I want my family tree to have branches. 
  But I'll make it up to you if you give me a shot. 
  How? 
  By getting you what you want most in the entire world. 
  Lizzie Saltzman. 
  You-you said we-we weren't supposed to speak her name. 
  Uh-huh, during the summer, but that's all over with, baby boy. 
  Now we set our sights on best semester ever. 
  Okay? 
  Let's finish packing. 
  And you should definitely make room for this. 
  Oh, crap. 
  I can't believe this is happening again. 
  What do you want from me, Father? 
  Because I literally cannot suffer anymore. 
  And make no mistake, you did make me, so please give me one final chance to serve you. 
  Send me back. 
  Send me back and I will be what you always wanted. 
  I'll be the bad guy. 
  I'll make you proud. 
  You need me. 
  Because if you do not trust me to raise you from perdition, trust that I will do this. 
  I will destroy Hope Mikaelson, the only thing on this planet that can destroy you. 
  You send me back, and I Father? 
  Is that you 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 