Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x16 - There's Always a Loophole - Legacies 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x16 - There's Always a Loophole https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=860&t=33339 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/29/19 06:24 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x16 - There's Always a Loophole 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on  Legacies...   
 You know, I opened this school to protect these kids.   
 How am I supposed to protect them from stuff   
 that's not supposed to exist?   
 HOPE: It can't be a coincidence.   
 You're all coming after the same thing.   
 If I return the knife to Malivore, I will be free.   
 - LANDON:  What's Malivore? 
- HOPE:  It's a hell dimension  that consumes creatures and wipes their existence from the collective conscience.    
 Three locks created  to seal Malivore shut.   
 When all three locks return home, Malivore is free to open its jaws of death once again.    
 There's something that happens to twins born into your coven.    
 When you turn   ,    
 the Gemini must merge.   
 LIZZIE:  So, one of us is gonna   
 have to kill the other one?   
 RAFAEL:  I keep having these flashes   
 like I can't control myself, and...   
 Use this. When you use it, you can turn yourself at will.    
 You can't turn yourself back.    
 All you have to do is come find me when you're ready to be yourself again.    
 You're asking me to believe that my father    
 is in Malivore.   
 You are what he's been trying to create.    
 Now I need you to tell me which is the real lock, so we can set him free.    
 They lost their trail, but...they did find this.    
 I know where they're going.    
 Prep your team.   
 Triad kidnapped Landon after all.    
 And Hope needs help, so...    
 I got to bounce.    
 After you let me out of here?    
 That's Dr. Saltzman's call.    
 I hope he gets here soon.    
 I need to go home.    
 My family needs me.    
 [WHOOSHING]    
 Ma?    
 Power's down. Move in.    
 Hey, you okay?    
 Um... my mind still won't settle down.    
 Look, I'm sorry, but I can't join the fight.    
 Don't worry, I'm not going alone.    
 HOPE: My squad answered the Bat-Signal.    
 BOTH: She's coming?    
 I need all the help I can get, so please put your twin war on pause.    
 Why is he going?    
 - He hates Landon. 
- Look, you're the Alpha.    
 If Landon's your pack, that makes him ours.    
 - Where's MG at? 
- HOPE: He's on his way.    
 Let's load up while we wait for him. Come on.    
 Oh, sorry. We were about to knock.    
 Who the hell are you?    
 Name's Burr.    
 Triad Industries.    
 Propellere.   
 I got this.    
 - [SIZZLING] 
- [GROANS]    
 What you don't got is magic.    
 Which is why your daylight ring won't work.    
 And what we have are stakes, wolfsbane... and other things.    
 So I think you should invite us inside.    
 DORIAN:  I know I agreed to resume all my duties   
 back at the school, but being your designated driver  was not one of them.    
 ALARIC:  Just take it easy on the turns.   
 I'm still a little drunk.   
 DORIAN:  What's going on up there?   
 Morning, Officer. What's the holdup?    
 Dr. Saltzman.    
 Uh, Wickery Bridge is closed.    
 Why?    
 Someone blew it up.    
 We're looking for an artifact known as the Chalice of Arimathea.    
 We have reason to believe it's part of your school's collection.    
 Now, you know this place a lot better than we do,    
 so the sooner you help us find it,    
 the sooner we'll be gone.    
 Triad thanks you for your time.    
 What is this place?    
 A warehouse owned by my employer.    
 Stores all the supernatural objects they've confiscated over the years.    
 Think you mean former employers.    
 'Cause busting me out is gonna make for a pretty awkward performance review.    
 If you're worried about them following us, don't be.     
 Okay, well, if it's here, how are we gonna find it?     
 This place is a haystack.     
 Figure it out, little brother.     
 Your family's counting on you.     
 ♪ ♪     
 I can explain.     
 Where are we?     
 Underneath the school.     
 This tunnel is gonna lead you outside the gates.     
 Your daylight ring will start to work again once you clear the perimeter.     
 Why is my daylight ring not working?     
 And how do you know that it's not?     
 This fountain.     
 It nullifies the magic inside the school.     
 That's how we got in undetected.     
 - "We"? 
- Triad.     
 You're working with the bad guys?     
 We are the good guys.     
 I don't see it like that.     
 We'll talk about this later.     
 Right now I'm trying to prevent one of nature's greatest evils from rising up, so if you could just go...     
 [DART GUN CLICKS, WHOOSHES]     
 [GASPS]     
 - [PHONE BUTTONS CLICKING] 
- [HOPE SIGHS]     
 It's dead. We have to find the school cell.     
 Check MG's tighty-whities.     
 - Really? This is serious. 
- LIZZIE: Oh, I'm sorry.     
 We can't all be born with resting concerned pouty face.     
 - [GASPS] 
- HOPE: Didn't this shelf used to have books on it?     
 Yeah. That's weird.     
 Whatever they're doing to block out our magic must have knocked out a cloaking spell your dad had.     
 Big shocker. Dad's hiding something from us.     
 Unless it has the school phone in it, it doesn't matter.     
 Sorry I don't feel like laughing while my world's falling apart.     
 LIZZIE: Your world?     
 What about my world?     
 I'm the one who's eventually going to be absorbed by my own twin.     
 If you lose the Merge.     
 Which I'm obviously going to.     
 I'm the weak, broken one.     
 And like clockwork... victim.     
 HOPE: Hey, guys.     
 Found it.     
 [PHONE RINGS]     
 Whoever this is gets extra credit.     
 It's Hope.     
 Triad's here.     
 Is everyone okay?     
 Yeah, but our powers are gone.     
 What do they want?     
 They said that the third artifact is in the school somewhere.     
 - You're kidding. 
- The Chalice of Arithmetic or something? I don't know. Any idea?     
 We don't have the Chalice of Arimathea, do we?     
 I'd have to check the old Armory records, but not to my knowledge.     
 Uh, listen, I, uh...     
 I've got to find my way into the school.     
 But just promise me you're not gonna do anything crazy.     
 We're not the only ones in danger. Landon is, too.     
 I can't just stand here and do nothing.     
 Hope, for once in your life, will you please just listen to me?     
 If Triad wants the chalice, help them get the chalice.     
 You don't have your powers.     
 You are vulnerable, and if you try to resist, someone could get hurt. 
Do you understand me?     
 Yeah.     
 Any ideas how we're getting in?     
 Just one. But we're not.     
 You're staying here.     
 - So, what do we do now? 
- Now... we figure out a way to get our powers back, and we kick some paramilitary ass.     
 Wait, Dad said not to do anything crazy.     
 Me defying your dad isn't crazy. It's consistent.     
 Well, at least we know where you stand.     
 You're damn right we do.     
 You're not very scared of me, are you?     
 How about now?     
 [CHUCKLES]: That's your plan?     
 - You're gonna shoot a kid? 
- This gun would never harm a human child.     
 You three, however...     
 These bullets were formed from the mud of the Malivore pit and weaponized by Triad scientists.     
 They can break the skin of any supernatural like a hot knife through butter.     
 Fester. Infect them.     
 Disintegrate them from the inside out.     
 We don't know where the chalice is.     
 I believe you.     
 This is just for fun, really.     
 Eeny...     
 ...meeny...     
 ...miney...     
 Moe.     
 [GASPING]     
 It's okay.     
 It's okay. It's okay.     
 Lock them up.     
 LIZZIE: What the hell is wrong with you?     
 With me?     
 You practically begged him to shoot you.     
 Because, if I'm destined to die in my prime, it may as well be in a blaze of hero glory.     
 You are unbelievably selfish.     
 Who took it upon herself to dive in front of my bullet?     
 I thought that your codependent days were over.     
 A regrettable relapse.     
 Ow!     
 Hey! Keep it quiet in there.     
 We're not in the prison yard, asshat.     
 [SIGHS]     
 You guys, I'm so sorry.     
 I mean, I dragged you both into this, and I have absolutely no idea how to get us out of it.     
 Well, that is just not good enough, Hope.     
 My sister is clearly dying, and we did not wait ten years to become friends with you for you to not come through with your annoyingly perfect Hope Mikaelson heroics when we need you the most.     
 She's right, for a change.     
 It's hero time, Hope.     
 GUARD: I said keep it down in there.     
 [DART GUN WHOOSHES, GUARD GRUNTS]     
 Did someone say "hero time"?     
 I found it. So let's get out of here.     
 Not much of an indestructible artifact, is it?     
 This was a test to see if you were really on my side.     
 - Which I'm obviously not. 
- You're a good liar,     
 Landon, but you're not great.     
 I knew you didn't recognize the chalice, but I figured it'd be fun to see how far you could take this.     
 While we're telling the truth, I'm never helping you find the artifact,     
 whatever the hell it is.     
 I'm guessing you already did.     
 When you took the knife and the urn, did you even realize what you were doing at the time, or was it unconscious?     
 Check your pocket.     
 Let's find out.     
 Crap.     
 A blood fountain? Gross.     
 MG: It's even grosser in person. Trust me.     
 I was looking for a way to shut it off, but I couldn't figure out how.     
 All right, I'll go find the secret tunnel, I guess.     
 Thanks. We get our magic back, we'll have the upper hand.     
 And then I can siphon the sludge out of Josie, not that she'll appreciate it.     
 Great, then I'll just be shot.     
 See? The new you is so snarky.     
 Okay. I'm gonna be back as soon as I can.     
 Please keep these two from trying to kill or die for each other.     
 You need to go help Landon.     
 We don't need you to be here.     
 But I can't leave you guys here.     
 For the love of Frodo, go rescue your Hobbit. 
We'll muddle through.     
 She's right again. He needs you.     
 We've been watching you save the day this entire school year, Hope.     
 We got it.     
 - Now go save Landon. 
- JOSIE: Go.     
 If you go soft on us now, I'm just gonna hurl Maligoo.     
 Y'all need to stay out of sight until we get the magic back and you can throw down with the rest of us.     
 In the meantime, I'll rally up the troops.     
 Everything's gonna be okay, Jo.     
 MG, wait.     
 I have an idea.     
 Take this. You know what to do with it.     
 Uh, what the hell do you think you're doing?     
 Well, I'm taking a load off in the chair Lincoln was killed in.     
 The guards here say they see his ghost sometimes.     
 Are you insane? I just activated the last artifact,     
 which means that a monster is no doubt barreling its claw-footed way here as we speak.     
 Oh, I'm counting on it.     
 And when it arrives, we're gonna give it this.     
 That whole Triad facility will be on high alert, so either you and I  fight our way through an army to toss this thing  in the pit, or let the monster do it for us.     
 We're looking for a chalice.     
 - See, none of this is a chalice. 
- Hey!     
 What was he doing out there?     
 Chill, man. I was just     
 looking for your unholy grail.     
 Except you've come back empty-handed.     
 Go wait with the others. 
You're as useless as they are.     
 I'm sorry.     
 You're very strong, by the way.     
 Yo. Whoa.     
 You got back just in time.     
 Ugly Triad dude's about to go  Full Metal Jacket.   
 MG: I know what's messing with our magic, and Hope's gonna shut it down, and when that happens, we get our juice back, that'll be the time     
 - to make our move. 
- What move, exactly?     
 You remember your opening play from the Wickery championship game last year?     
 - Oh, yeah. 
- All right, then.     
 So spread the word.     
 On my signal.     
 All right, let's get it done.     
 LANDON:  You got what you wanted.   
 Why do you still need me?     
 I don't need you. Daddy does.     
 You're the golden child.     
 The one he was trying to create, remember?     
 The perfect son.     
 The one who could create the new bloodline.     
 Because of you, he'll be able to launch the species.     
 I'm   .     
 I'm not interested in, like, procreating or whatever, okay?     
 Especially if it means I'm spawning an army of evil minions.     
 Oh, didn't I mention?     
 You're just the host.     
 The what?     
 The host. Biologically speaking,     
 - you're the living organism... 
- I know what a host is!     
 I've seen  Invasion of the Body Snatchers.   
 Are you kidding me? Tell me you're pulling some kind of lame brotherly prank right now.     
 You wanted to be special, right?     
 The foster kid looking for a family, believing that you had a purpose if only you could find it.     
 Turns out your purpose is to be a meat suit for the most powerful monster ever to walk the earth.     
 Well, probably sounds worse than it is.     
 [DISTANT SHRIEKING]     
 That must be our new friend.     
 What do you think it'll be? Centaur? Pegasus?     
 [NEIGHING, SHRIEKING]     
 Even better.     
 It's all yours. Just do your thing.     
 [GRUNTING]     
 Dick move, brother.     
 I don't suppose you come with an instruction manual.     
 - I told you to wait for me. 
- In a shocking turn of events, I ignored you.     
 - Yeah, Hope, about that... 
- Save the speech.     
 Okay? I've paid the price.     
 I see that. What happened to your arm?     
 That Triad guy shot at us with Malivore mud.     
 He must have gotten me, too.     
 I-I didn't even feel it.     
 Because it doesn't affect me.     
 Wait, who else got shot?     
 Dr. Saltzman, you have to trust me.     
 - Josie's gonna be just... 
- Josie got shot?     
 Yes, but MG and Lizzie are on it, and I think that they can fix everything.     
 If I can just figure out a way to turn this stupid thing off, then they can get their magic back.     
 Which is super easy, apparently.     
 How did you know how to do that?     
 This is a dark object, created by a group of extinct witch-like people called the Travelers.     
 Anti-magic was kind of their thing.     
 How did Triad even get it in here?     
 How did they know that there were tunnels?     
 Listen, I will explain everything to you later, okay?     
 But right now, I have to get to Josie.     
 Wait.     
 Give her a vial of my blood.     
 From the werewolf bite cures.     
 Why?     
 I'll explain later, too.     
 It's not working.     
 Why isn't it working?     
 Maybe it can't be siphoned.     
 But then you'll die.     
 That's one way for you to avoid the Merge.     
 - Cheater. 
- No.     
 Uh-uh. You do not get to be the martyr.     
 That was my job.     
 I'm obviously better at that, too.     
 It wasn't supposed to be like this.     
 I'm the broken one.     
 Just think of the amazing outfit that you'll wear to my funeral.     
 [CHUCKLES]     
 I'm sorry I was so awful.     
 I'm sorrier.     
 Stop competing with me.     
 And help me up.     
 MG needs us. Blaze of glory, right?     
 You sure you're up for this?     
 Not at all.     
 But if you're fighting, I'm fighting, too.     
 What's the bling for?     
 Making quiet things heard.     
 Salvatore Stallions! Let's ride!     
 - [CHEERING] 
- Pedro, now.     
 [GRUNTING]     
 Jed.     
 Jed, I'm open!     
 [CHANTING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]     
 [COUGHING]     
 ♪ I'm invincible... ♪     
 [SCREAMING]     
 Kaleb, get the kids to the bus.     
 Witches...     
 ...make it rain.     
 [ALL SHOUTING]     
 Their magic's back.     
 Somebody get to the tunnels and fix this!     
 Don't move.     
 Nice job, little man.     
 Come here. Hold on tight.     
 So you think you're a superhero or something?     
 Honestly? Kind of.     
 Too bad I got Kryptonite.     
 Too bad I got Super Friends.     
 RAFAEL: All right, Jo, you don't look too hot.     
 We got to go after Burr.     
 RAFAEL: Don't worry.     
 [SNIFFLES]     
 I got magical Hope bling, too.     
 If Josie and Lizzie can help me with a veiling spell...     
 ...he'll never see me coming.     
 Right up, up there.     
 All right.     
 You guys okay?     
 All right, all right, all right.     
 All right.     
 Here you go, little man.     
 Sit tight, okay?     
 [GUN CLICKS]     
 [SCOFFS] Look around, man.     
 Your stupid cup ain't here, okay?     
 You lost.     
 No. Look how much you can still lose.     
 [HORSE NEIGHS]     
 Come on, man, please. 
My daughter's injured.     
 She needs me. Just let me get to her.     
 Turn around.     
 [DOOR OPENS]     
 - Great. Now it's a party. 
- Hands behind your back.     
 Okay. Take it easy.     
 Yes! You're definitely getting a raise.     
 With dental.     
 Hey.     
 Listen to me, don't...     
 You don't want to do this, okay?     
 Point the gun at me.     
 [GROWLING, PEOPLE SHOUTING]     
 What the hell?     
 I got it from here, Raf.     
 Hit the woods until Hope comes back.     
 [RAFAEL PANTING]     
 You're a monster, just like him, and you all need to be put down.     
 NIA: Rather be a monster     
 than a paperweight.     
 I thought you were long gone.     
 Would John Stewart leave the Corps hanging?     
 [SHOUTING IN DISTANCE]     
 Hell no.     
 'Cause he's the best Green Lantern, and you know it.     
 Stay in touch, cutie.     
 Okay.     
 [WIND WHOOSHING]     
 Daddy, this is so bad.     
 [ECHOING]: Josie...     
 Josie, Josie, drink this now.     
 KALEB:  They say revolution is messy.   
 And I'm okay with that.     
 You don't need to do that. It's over.     
 If we don't use him to send Triad a message, who's to say they won't send someone worse next time?     
 These Triad guys are just scared bullies, lashing out because they think they're losing control over something they had no power over in the first place.     
 Like you told me once, we're faster, we're stronger, we're better.     
 Deep down, they know that.     
 So just be better.     
 We don't need to prove it by killing them.     
 Look at you, man.     
 Baby's all grown up.     
 I am so sorry.     
 We were misled.     
 The artifact was never here.     
 [SIGHS]     
 And Burr, he... he took it too far.     
 Pointing guns at children.     
 He'll never work in the field again.     
 If that's supposed to be an apology, it sucks.     
 How could you work with guys like that?     
 Triad is my father's legacy.     
 And his father before him.     
 And it was meant to be yours, too, until...     
 Until I became one of the monsters you guys hate.     
 Triad has been doing great work in the world.     
 If this is our family's legacy...     
 ...we cannot be family anymore.     
 [SCREECHING]     
 Look, hear me out.     
 You can hear, right?     
 Uh...     
 Uh, man-to-man, if you ever were one...     
 [STAMMERS] You're being used.     
 And-and I know what that feels like, so let's...     
 Ow! Ow, how do you even do that without your seeing-eye horse?     
 Or is it more of an emotional support horse?     
 Oh, no, no, no. Please, please, please, don't!     
 Hope.     
 I knew you'd find me.     
 I just followed the clues you left in that voice mail.     
 You're great at riddles. 
We should probably add fight training to your coursework, though.     
 Yeah.     
 Feel free to take notes.     
 LIZZIE:  I wonder what Hope's up to.   
 I bet she saved Landon already, and the world.     
 Yeah, she's pretty good at that.     
 Hopefully she gets back soon.     
 Otherwise, Raf's gonna end up in the doghouse.     
 Literally.     
 Speaking of, don't tell Dad, unless we'll end up there, too.     
 
 
 
 ♪ I up and found... ♪     
 You took that thing from his office? Why?     
 I didn't want to tell you when we were fighting, but I busted the lock, and I recognized this from all the Merge research I've been doing.     
 Why does that look familiar?     
 JOSIE: I don't know.     
 - But I remember it somehow, too. 
- [KNOCKING ON DOOR]     
 ♪ We go on... ♪     
 Girls, there's something I need to talk to you both about.     
 I failed you.   
 You see, my purpose in founding this school was to create a safe space for my daughters and for supernaturals like them.     
 But today, I fell short of that goal, while all of you exceeded every expectation I had ever set for you.     
 Because today, you were confronted by the worst monster you've faced yet: ignorant human beings.     
 Sadly, I am one of them.     
 The plans and methods that Triad used to infiltrate our school and endanger your lives were mine.     
 A contingency plan that I had developed and shared with concerned parents over the years, including Veronica Greasley.     
 But...her betrayal would not have been possible without mine.     
 You see, the dark object that she used to disarm your unique abilities was put in place by me, in the secret tunnel that only I had known about,     
 because I thought that, perhaps one day, it was the world that would need to be protected from your gifts, rather than the other way around.     
 The only way I can atone for this breach of trust is to leave it up to you to decide whether I should remain as your headmaster.     
 ♪ But someday... ♪     
 The honor council will convene, they will vote, and I will respect whatever decision that they make.     
 Whichever way this goes, I want to thank you, all of you, for making me understand that the world my daughters inherit will be in better hands.     
 ♪ On and on ♪     
 ♪ We go on. ♪     
 HOPE:  Incendia!   
 [SHOUTS IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]     
 [SHOUTS IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]     
 He won't die. You know sci-fi stuff.     
 Help me. How do I kill him?     
 Uh, Headless Horseman is more fantasy.     
 Get to the helpful part.     
 Ignari!   
 LANDON: In the Tim Burton movie, they defeated him by giving him a bride.     
 That wouldn't be my first choice.     
 Me, neither. [SHOUTS IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]     
 In-in the O.G. cartoon, he had a pumpkin head.     
 That... he might keep it with his horse?     
 Correction! He's got it under his cape.     
 Kill the head, the body dies. That's science faction.     
 Great.     
 One head coming up.     
 Oh, God, why is it moist?     
 Uh, give me, give me.     
 [LAUGHS]     
 [GRUNTS]     
 Suck on that, Tim Burton.     
 - Hi. 
- Hi.     
 Um, okay, um...     
 So I had this entire speech that I practiced     
 - with your prismatic hologram. 
- My what?     
 But I know that the only thing you want from me is the truth.     
 And the truth is...     
 ...I love you.     
 I'm really sorry about all the secrets that I've kept, but I'm...     
 I'm mostly sorry about keeping that one.     
 'Cause I love you, Landon Kirby.     
 I mean, it wasn't a huge secret, because I love you, too, Hope Mikaelson.     
 And I forgive you for anything that needs it.     
 And I know it looked like I was losing when you got here, but that's just how Phoenix combat looks, so...     
 [LAUGHS]     
 CLARKE: Nothing like young love, is there?     
 Shame it has to be so short-lived.     
 You'll find, baby brother, one of our family's worst traits is...     
 ...well, we're terribly clumsy.     
 HOPE: No!     
 Aren't you gonna clap or something?     
 [ALARMS BLARING]     
 That was a total power move.     
 [GRUNTS]     
 [GASPS]     
 [ALARMS BLARING]     
 - Damn. Phoenix combat's no joke. 
- Okay. We got to think.     
 We got to figure something out to keep him from rising.     
 What do you mean, "him"?     
 Ooh, we have a lot to catch up on.     
 This whole idea is wack, Josie. Hope's M.I.A.     
 Raf is stuck being a werewolf until she gets back.     
 Ms. Tig don't even work at the damn school anymore.     
 Hey, look, we're voting on the fate of my father.     
 - How do you think I feel? 
- Look,     
 I just want to convene the council.     
 Okay?     
 I figure we both got a lot to say.     
 But we need a majority vote.     
 Hope is coming back soon.     
 With Landon.     
 And then she's going to bring Raf back, too.     
 - [ALARMS BLARING] 
- HOPE: Wow. That's a lot to take in.     
 - So Malivore's your dad? 
- Weird, huh?     
 And he can't be killed, which is why Triad turned him to goo?     
 You're a quick study.     
 But nothing's ever immortal. I mean, not really.     
 Nature won't allow it. 
There's always a loophole.     
 [EERIE GROANING]     
 Any brilliant ideas?     
 Because I think we're running out of time.     
 [ALARM CONTINUES]     
 [HISSING AND GURGLING]     
 [ALARM BLARES]     
 [SIGHS] Just one.     
 But you're gonna hate it.     
 Kiss me.     
 [ALARM BLARING]     
 I didn't hate that at all.     
 Not that.     
 This.     
 [PHONE RINGING]     
 Hope. Did you find Landon?     
 Yeah.     
 Okay, well, tell me where you are.     
 Fort Valley, Georgia.     
 Landon's gonna need you when I'm done. You have to write it down.     
 - Wait. You're at Triad Headquarters? 
- HOPE: Yeah.     
 Uh, don't worry, though. Everyone here is dead.     
 Okay, listen, you're not making any sense.     
 Just put Landon on the phone.     
 I can't. Uh, he would have tried to stop me, so I had to kill him, too.     
 What?     
 He'll come back. Don't worry.     
 Even if I don't.     
 Hope, tell me what the hell you're about to do right now before you do it.     
 Clarke won. He found the final artifact, and he tossed it into the pit, which is Landon's father, by the way.     
 And now Malivore's gonna rise unless I stop him.     
 Stop him how?     
 Landon got all the answers, but, basically, Malivore was created by the blood of a werewolf, a witch and a vampire.     
 It used to be that only they could destroy what they created, but nature found a loophole.     
 By making me.     
 - The Tribrid. I'm the loophole. 
- Hope, you listen to me.     
 Now, this is a theory, okay, and you don't even know if this is gonna work, so you just sit tight, and you wait for me to get there.     
 There's no time.     
 I've always thought that I was a cosmic mistake, someone who should never have been born.     
 But after all this time, I mean, my purpose is finally clear.     
 Think about it.     
 I'm the answer to all of this.     
 I can remember things about Malivore that no one else can.     
 That Triad weapon didn't affect me.     
 Did my blood heal Josie?     
 I am not okay with this.     
 I know.     
 But you will be, because once I toss myself into that pit, no one at school will remember me.     
 Including you.     
 Hope. You listen to me.     
 I've spent years torturing myself, asking myself why my father sacrificed himself for me, to get to this point where, I mean, I totally understand it.     
 And I don't want you to have to go through that pain, Dr. Saltzman.     
 You've been through enough.     
 And I don't want anyone at school to miss me, because they're my friends.     
 Maybe I would have seen that sooner if I hadn't been beating myself up all this time.     
 [SIGHS]     
 This is where you tell me that even though you wish you could change my mind, you know I'm doing the right thing.     
 This is the part where you tell me you're proud of me.     
 [SIGHS]     
 [VOICE BREAKING]: You know I'm proud of you.     
 You know it.     
 What is it you need me to do?     
 Call maintenance.     
 Have 'em pack up my room.     
 Take my files, all those notes I know that you keep about me, and burn them.     
 Along with Landon's journal.     
 Listen, if you want to erase yourself, that is on you, okay, but you can't ask me to do it, too.     
 I'm sorry, Dr. Saltzman.     
 But I trust you more than I trust anyone.     
 I wish I would have figured that out sooner, too.     
 [WHOOSHING, ROARING]     
 I got to go.     
 Hope, listen to me. Wait.     
 Not an option. Uh-uh.     
 Uh, promise me you're gonna do what I said.     
 Promise me.     
 All right. Fine.     
 I promise.     
 [SNIFFLES, SIGHS]     
 - [BONES SNAP] 
- Ooh. Sorry.     
 I was eavesdropping.     
 What are you waiting for?     
 I assumed you were gonna try to stop me.     
 Hell no.     
 I was only trying to raise my father because I'm terrified of him, and I knew he'd find a way out someday.     
 But if you're right about this loophole... can actually kill the b*st*rd once and for all...     
 Be my guest.     
 And if you're wrong, well, no harm done because you'll be dead.     
 So go on.     
 I'll be rooting for you.     
 That's not all you'll be doing.     
 Imitantor Pupulus.   
 Whatever you think you just did didn't work.     
 How'd you do that?     
 Why did I do that?     
 It's a basic mimic spell.     
 We learned it in second grade.     
 Also in second grade...     
 [GROANS SOFTLY]     
 Follow the Leader.     
 - You don't have to do this. 
- I know.     
 But it's the only part I'm actually enjoying.     
 Too bad you're so clumsy.     
 [WOLF HOWLING]     
 [GASPS]     
 You okay?     
 Yeah.     
 I don't know what came over me.     
 ♪ There's danger... ♪     
 Yeah. Um...     
 Why do we have five voting tiles?     
 You, me, school guardian, Rafael.     
 That's four.     
 ♪ It's coming ♪     
 - Beats me. 
- [STRIKES MATCH]     
 ♪ There's no escape ♪     
 ♪ Oh ♪     
 ♪ Oh-oh, oh-oh ♪     
 ♪ Oh-oh, oh-oh ♪     
 ♪ Oh ♪     
 ♪ Oh, oh ♪     
 ♪ Oh ♪     
 ♪ Oh-oh, oh-oh ♪     
 ♪ Oh ♪     
 ♪ Oh-oh, oh-oh ♪     
 [PHONE RINGING]     
 ♪ Oh ♪     
 ♪ Oh, oh... ♪     
 Dr. Saltzman?     
 ALARIC: Landon.     
 I'm on my way.     
 Okay. Uh...     
 I don't... I don't really know what happened.     
 Yeah, well, that makes two of us.     
 I just found a note that you'd need me.     
 I guess I do.     
 ♪ Who will rise? ♪     
 ♪ Who will answer the call? ♪     
 Who left it?     
 I have no idea.     
 ♪ This is savage ♪     
 I'll be there as soon as I can.     
 ♪ This is primal. ♪ 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 