Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x15 - I'll Tell You a Story - Legacies 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x15 - I'll Tell You a Story https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=860&t=33283 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/22/19 13:35 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x15 - I'll Tell You a Story 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on  Legacies...   
 Penelope is leaving the school.   
 Oh, yeah. I knew that.   
 You never consider anybody's feelings but your own.   
 PENELOPE:  It's a log of everything  written down at the Salvatore School,   
 and I want you to read what your dad wrote   
 about something called the Merge.   
 What's Malivore?    
 HOPE:  It's a hell dimension that consumes creatures and wipes their existence from the collective conscience.    
 I don't even know how long I was in Malivore.    
 And then, one day, I found myself back here. I was pregnant.    
 ALARIC:  So Landon is the, uh, supernatural immaculate conception?   
 You are keeping a secret about my mom?    
 - I can't be here right now. 
- Landon. Landon!    
 Your asset failed her retrieval mission.    
 I cleaned up her mess.   
 Usual debrief before you throw him into the pit.    
 Find out where he's from. Family.    
 Any other phoenixes he's willing to give up.    
 Then ask him about the knife.    
 As in  the  knife?    
 When I was at the school, I heard he tried to steal it.    
 And I'd like to know why he wanted one of the locks to the pit.    
 Shouldn't be too difficult.    
 He recorded the voice mail with minimal resistance.    
 [SCANNER BEEPS]    
 [BEEPING]    
 [WHIRRING, CLICKING]    
 [GRUNTS]    
 [PANTING]    
 No one's watching us now.    
 Look, I already told the other guys I don't know anything.    
 You can kill me, but I'm part phoenix, so I'm just gonna come back to life in a burst of flames, and there's gonna be a lot of ash to clean up. And after I come back, I'm not gonna know anything.    
 I'm not here to interrogate you, Landon.    
 In fact, I'm here so you can finally get some answers.    
 When they created the locks to Malivore, they also created decoys so no one would know which three artifacts were the real thing.    
 I think you might be able to help me with that.    
 Is one of these artifacts calling to you?    
 Like a whisper, an itch?    
 A: I don't feel anything.    
 And B: even if I did, I'm not helping the people who kidnapped me.    
 Oh, this isn't for Triad.    
 No, they want these artifacts to stay hidden.    
 To be clear, I want to toss them into the pit and unlock Malivore.    
 Wow.    
 Uh...    
 Thanks for being honest.    
 That's refreshing.    
 But now I'm really not going to help you.    
 I'll tell you a story.    
 And at the end of it, you can decide whether you want    
 - to help me or not. 
- You think a story    
 - is gonna change my mind? 
- This one will.    
 Because it's the story of your father.    
 ♪ Ask me no questions ♪    
 ♪ I will tell you no lies ♪    
 ♪ Careful what you wish for ♪    
 ♪ We're looking for angels in the darkest of skies ♪    
 ♪ Saying that we wanted more ♪    
 ♪ I feel like I'm falling ♪    
 ♪ But I'm trying to fly ♪    
 ♪ Where does all the good go? ♪    
 ♪ We're looking for answers in the highest of highs ♪    
 ♪ But will we ever, ever know? ♪    
 ♪ If you feel it, could you let me know? ♪    
 ♪  Oh...  ♪    
 ♪ If you feel it, could you let me know? ♪    
 ♪  Oh...  ♪    
 ♪ I'm not asking ♪    
 ♪ For a miracle ♪    
 ♪ Ask for forever when the end is in sight ♪    
 ♪ Showing what you want to ♪    
 ♪ And I need ♪    
 ♪ You to know ♪    
 ♪ I'm not asking for a miracle ♪    
 ♪ But if love is enough ♪    
 ♪ Could you let it show? ♪    
 ♪ If you feel it, could you let me know? ♪    
 - ♪  Oh...  ♪ 
- YOUNG MAN:  Heads up!   
 - ♪ If you asking for a miracle. ♪ 
- [STUDENTS GASPING]     
 [CHUCKLING, CHATTERING]     
 That almost took your head off.     
 Yo, how long have I been here?     
 For an hour. But you've been going through the motions like a zombie.     
 You sure you're okay?     
 Yeah, I'm fine. And, look, you don't need to pretend like you give a crap about me just 'cause I'm your alpha.     
 The game's back on. Come on.     
 [ANSWERING MACHINE BEEPS]   
 LANDON: Hey, Ric. Sorry to take off like that, but I just needed a little time.     
 So I'm going camping for a while.     
 Hopefully I can catch up on classwork later.     
 Tell Raf and Jed hi for me.     
 [BEEPS]     
 Jed?     
 Why would he say hi to Jed?     
 You should go after him.     
 Something doesn't make sense.     
 - Hope... 
- Triad already tried to come for him once. It's not safe for him out there.     
 We kept a massive secret from him, and I think he just needs some time to process that. I think we should respect his privacy and just wait.     
 [SCOFFS]     
 [SIGHS]     
 [CHUCKLES]     
 [DOOR CLOSES]     
 I know that look.     
 What's wrong?     
 These kids have been through so much lately.     
 I've done all I can to help Rafael, but the side effects of Hope's elixir are getting worse.     
 He's losing time, having flashes of aggression.     
 I think he's still sliding between his wolf mind and his human mind.     
 I will... I'll keep an eye on him.     
 You've been running on fumes these past few weeks.     
 It wouldn't hurt to bring in someone else to help, maybe even assist in researching Rafael's condition.     
 Dorian is too proud to come back.     
 - You know that. 
- And you know how much I respect you.     
 But are you sure it's his pride that's the problem?     
 Was there a monster attack in here?     
 There you are.     
 I got tired of waiting, so I attempted a banana cream pie by myself.     
 Where is it?     
 In the garbage. I said "attempted."     
 So we're gonna go back to plan A, and you are gonna make it for me.     
 Status update: Josie didn't come back last night.     
 I think she slept in Penelope's old room, which is a really good way to get hepatitis B.     
 Have you slept at all? 
You seem a little...     
 Focused? Motivated? On point?     
 - Sure. Yeah. 
- Not sleeping in the same bedroom means that Twin Forgiveness Cuddle is off the table.     
 But she's been holed up in the library, so a snack offering should do the trick.     
 At some point, you might actually have to apologize.     
 [GASPS] Never apologize.     
 - Okay. 
- Trust me, okay?     
 This is what we do. I'm selfish, then she sulks, and then I offer baked goods.     
 - Someone else's baked goods. 
- It's giving you something to do with yourself, isn't it?     
 Your turn for an update.     
 Any word from our mop-headed elf?     
 He says he needs time to think.     
 - Hmm. 
- I don't know. I feel like if I could figure out the right thing to say, then he'd come back.     
 So, practice.     
 Emma has this prism that simulates a conversation.     
 She makes me use it to talk to my mom and my dad when I'm in a state.     
 I'll trade you one prism for a banana cream pie.     
 [CHUCKLES SOFTLY]     
 ♪ ♪     
 I brought you some brain food.     
 I'm not hungry.     
 It's all your favorite things.     
 Which I'm sure somebody else had to tell you.     
 LANDON:  No offense, but I'm not gonna believe anything you say.   
 I mean, A-plus for manipulation, man.     
 This is really frightening stuff, but...     
 Where did you get this?     
 It's all part of what I'm about to tell you.     
 Look, I already know about my dad.     
 My mom got pregnant by one of the monsters in Malivore.     
 Well, then he'll be easy to spot in my story.     
 Around a millennia ago, in certain parts of the world, there were monsters.     
 [SHOUTING]     
 And in one region...   
 [SCREAMING]     
 [SCREECHING]     
 ...there was no monster more terrifying   
 than dragons.   
 [SCREAMING]     
 On their own, no faction was any match for dragons.     
 So an unholy alliance was formed.   
 A witch,   
 a werewolf and a vampire...   
 Walked into a bar. I think I've heard this one before.     
 Sorry.     
 CLARKE:  The Triad combined their blood,   
 using black magic  to create a golem capable of consuming the dragons.     
 [GROWLING]     
 They spelled the creature to have an insatiable hunger.   
 But their spell also made it unable to harm witches,   
 werewolves, or vampires.   
 [SNARLING]     
 They named it Eater of the Dark.     
 When the dragons,   
 in human form, returned to collect the treasure   
 from all the villages they had attacked,   
 it was waiting for them.   
 [SNARLING]     
 [GRUNTS]     
 It took them,   
 consumed them.   
 To their surprise,   
 the creature was more effective than they could have dreamed.   
 After the dragons were gone,   
 it kept eating every monster it could,   
 swallowing them into an endless space inside itself.   
 You're saying that the golem ate my dad?     
 No, Landon.     
 Your father is the golem.     
 The Eater of the Dark.     
 - Hi. 
- Hi.     
 Knock yourself out.     
 The first time's kind of freaky, because you're basically talking to your subconscious.     
 Thanks. This is for you.     
 I saw your dad reading it. He keeps it locked up in his office, so it's bound to have something about that Merge thing Josie's looking for.     
 For once, your weird relationship with my dad actually comes in handy.     
 Right. Uh, just be careful.     
 If your dad's hiding something, I'm sure it's for a good reason.     
 I'm sure I can handle it, whatever it is.     
 I just have this feeling that everything is gonna work out just fine.     
 Can you feel it? It's like the whole school is vibrating.     
 [TAKES DEEP BREATH] We're both gonna get our people back.     
 [BIRDS CHIRPING]     
 [WHOOSHING, CHIMING]     
 Hey there.     
 [LAUGHS]: Hey.     
 Are you okay?     
 Yeah.     
 Yeah. Sorry.     
 Um...this is my first time talking to a magical hologram.     
 Hologram?     
 What do you mean, a hologram? What does that mean?     
 That I'm not real? What are you talking about?     
 [LAUGHS]     
 Oh, my God, don't do that.     
 - Sorry. 
- Yeah.     
 You just seemed tense. I was trying to break the ice.     
 Well, at least I know this is a pretty accurate version of you.     
 You can thank yourself for that, I guess.     
 You had something you wanted to say to me?     
 Yeah. Um...     
 I should have told you about your mom and-and the whole thing earlier.     
 I mean, I was just trying to protect you from being hurt.     
 So I just wanted to say that I'm sorry if I hurt you.     
 What, that's it?     
 You're "sorry  if   
 I hurt you"?     
 - I am. 
- Okay, then I accept your apology if you're actually sorry.     
 - What's  your  problem? 
- I mean, do you seriously think that speech would have worked on me?     
 I mean, come on, that's not what you     
 - actually wanted to say. 
- How would you know?     
 Because I  am  you, remember?     
 [SIGHS] Fine.     
 Then  you  tell me what it is that I want to say, and I'll say it.     
 That's not how this works, Hope. You have to listen.     
 Listen to what?     
 [WHOOSHING]     
 Even  fake  you is infuriating.     
 God!     
 How can something that's basically a mud robot be my father?     
 Because it didn't stay a golem.     
 With each monster's DNA it absorbed...it evolved.     
 Eventually, it became sentient...aware.     
 He was truly alive.     
 And when the region was cleared of all the monsters, the Triad wanted to return him back to mud.     
 Since they were the ones who created him, only they could destroy him.     
 All they needed to do was wipe away the symbol   
 on his forehead.   
 [GROWLING]     
 But he betrayed his creators.   
 He made a deal with all the humans he'd saved.   
 They could not let their new god   
 be taken from them.   
 The humans set him free to wander the earth and continue consuming,     
 erasing all memory that the monsters ever existed.   
 But over time...   
 like Adam in the Garden of Eden,   
 he realized he was alone.   
 So he did what all creations eventually do.   
 Create.   
 He fashioned beings like him.   
 His children.   
 - A lineage that could... 
- LANDON:  Man...   
 You were doing so good up until that part.     
 I was almost into it, as far as origin stories go, but you're asking me to believe that I'm a magical mud man with implanted memories.     
 Quite the opposite.     
 You see...all the children he fashioned were imperfect.     
 Flawed. None of them had his powers.     
 All of them had weaknesses and all were sterile, unable to reproduce and continue his legacy.     
 He was created to be the only one of his kind.     
 He was never intended to be a species or have a bloodline of his own.     
 But... he found a way to reproduce biologically.     
 To have a son who was part human.     
 A son who was perfect.     
 A son who could live forever and continue the species.     
 You are what he's been trying to create his entire life.     
 I was trying to be all coy.     
 Here. It's a secret book from Dad's study... I know you're looking into this Merge crap, so I just want a little credit for helping.     
 Did you stop to think that maybe I didn't want your help, that maybe I wanted something,     
 anything  that was entirely my own?     
 Is this about having separate rooms?     
 That's fine, okay? Just take Penelope's.     
 You seriously still don't get it.     
 This isn't about needing space.     
 This is about every waking moment of my life being suffocated by you.     
 We shouldn't just have our own rooms.     
 We should have our own lives.     
 We should be our own people.     
 LANDON:  You know, I've told my fair share of lies,  and the best lie is one that someone already wants to believe.     
 And you're asking me to believe that the father that I've been looking for for years has actually been searching for me?     
 Why should I believe you?     
 Because I was there.     
 Over the years, his attempts at children became more refined, indistinguishable from humans.     
 Our father is a very gifted artist.     
 Our  father?     
 Yes... little brother.     
 Like I said...     
 [GROWLING]  ...I was there.   
 Breathe. Stay calm.     
 No, no, don't do this.     
 - [CRACKLING] 
- [PANTING]     
 - [LOUD CLANG] 
- [GRUNTS]     
 Hey, are you okay?     
 Stay back.     
 It's fine. It'll pass.     
 - Just... 
- What do we do? Do we need to do the yelling- in-the-woods thing?     
 No, I just, I need to find out what this Merge thing is, okay?     
 I feel like it's a spell that she's gonna use to just leave or break us up or something!     
 [CRACKLING STOPS]     
 All right, deep breaths. Deep breaths.     
 I'll call my Aunt Freya... she'll know something about the Merge.     
 - Okay? 
- Okay.     
 Okay.     
 ♪ ♪     
 [YOUNG WOMEN LAUGHING]     
 Hey.     
 Shouldn't you be hanging out with your new best friend?     
 Oh, that's actually why I'm here.     
 I-I think some sort of crash is brewing.     
 Then you should stay away.     
 Um, look, I know that you're mad at her, but... she's still your sister,     
 - and she really needs your help. 
- Why?     
 She did this to herself.     
 What? She can't control her brain chemistry.     
 She can choose to take her medication.     
 She hasn't taken it since we saw her mom, because she doesn't like the way that it makes her feel.     
 So she tried magical bracelets and releasing her inner bitch and then distracting herself with Miss Mystic Falls, but all of that is just delaying the inevitable.     
 Letting her crash is the only way anything will ever change.     
 [THUMPS]     
 Watch it, wolf.     
 What'd you say to me?     
 I said, watch it... wolf.     
 [GROWLING]     
 Get your vampires     
 - out of my face. 
- Hey, hey, hey!     
 Stand down.     
 Get off of me!     
 Whoa!     
 JED: Hey! Hey, wolves, stand down!     
 Now!     
 Enough!     
 [INDISTINCT CHATTER]     
 [ALARIC GROANING]     
 Dr. Saltzman.     
 EMMA: Everyone back to class.     
 Clear the way, please.     
 - I'm sorry. 
- EMMA: Coming through.     
 ♪ ♪     
 - [WHOOSHING] 
- [SIGHS]     
 - Hey, Hope. What's going on? 
- Don't pretend like you don't remember our last conversation.     
 I just figured you'd want a fresh start.     
 Oh. Guess even my subconscious can get stuff wrong.     
 Touché.     
 So, did you figure out what you wanted to say yet?     
 Uh, yeah, actually, I did.     
 And what I wanted to say is this: I have been protecting you and putting your safety first ever since you got here.     
 So what was I supposed to do with this secret? Hmm?     
 Just stop protecting you?     
 I know exactly what it feels like to be an orphan.     
 Okay? I was saving you from that. So you can be mad at me, but I was doing it because I care about you.     
 No. You were doing it because you didn't want me to leave.     
 Because you fear being abandoned, like how your mom left and your dad left... It's why  you  run.     
 This has nothing to do with my parents.     
 Then why did you start crying when you wore a dress your dad picked out?     
 Whoa. We're done.     
 Hope, you're not listening.     
 [WHOOSHING]     
 My father saw himself in me.     
 I was clay pretending to be something it wasn't.     
 He despised me for it.     
 He threw me away like all the other failures who came before.     
 I know what that's like.     
 Then you'll understand why I betrayed him.     
 [GROWLING]     
 Our father consumed every creature he could.   
 And when his supply ran out, he grew weak...   
 vulnerable.   
 And that's when the humans came back.   
 The descendants of his original worshippers,   
 a secret society.   
 I told them   
 of his attempts to create a lineage,   
 how he was violating nature, trying to birth a new species.   
 I led them to him.   
 And they did what humans do.   
 They rebelled against their god.   
 They paid witches who used black magic to trap him...   
 [ROARS]     
 ...and dissolve him,   
 returning him to his natural state.   
 The black pit.     
 The endless darkness where the monsters are.     
 It's not just a place.     
 It's what remains of our father.     
 The Eater of the Dark.     
 His name is... Malivore.     
 You don't believe me.     
 Would you believe you?     
 Probably not.     
 Then again,     
 I've never stolen an artifact without even knowing why I did it.     
 The knife and the urn were both part of the spell that dissolved him.     
 - But since he was immortal... 
- Nothing's immortal.     
 There's always a loophole. Nature creates a balance.     
 That's Intro to Magical History.     
 I've been taking it for, like, a week.     
 Very good.     
 But until that loophole could be found, they bound him with three locks.     
 Created three decoys.     
 It can only be unlocked by Malivore's blood, so they hid them far away.     
 I've been able to track down where the last four artifacts are.     
 Now I need you to tell me which is the real lock so we can set him free.     
 This could have gotten out of hand.     
 Yeah, but... it didn't.     
 And Raf apologized.     
 You're a good man, Ric.     
 - [SIGHS, CHUCKLES] 
- But you're human.     
 How long until these kids figure out that the control you have of this school is an illusion?     
 Before there's a fight you cannot stop?     
 I finally realized what I can do to help.     
 I'm taking a sabbatical.     
 But... but how is that supposed to help?     
 I'm hoping it'll be a wake-up call.     
 The mission of this school has grown.     
 And I don't want to be here when it gets bad enough for you to finally admit that.     
 [DOOR OPENS]     
 What do you want?     
 I came to get some stuff, but I guess I'll come back later.     
 No, it's fine.     
 Take whatever you need.     
 Don't worry about me.     
 Are you kidding me?     
 All I've ever done     
 is worry about you.     
 Oh, here we go. The whole "I'm tired of being in Lizzie's shadow" speech?     
 Well, guess what. Codependency takes two people.     
 Yes, I'm awful and needy, but deep down, you're happy to hide and let me be the one that they hate because you're too scared to be yourself.     
 You are as much a part of this cycle as I am.     
 You're upset. I'll come back for the part where you beg me to forgive you.     
 - Descanto! 
- Reboundus!   
 [SCREAMS]     
 [GRUNTS]     
 [GASPS]     
 I'm sorry.     
 You need to get some help.     
 Don't pretend that you care about me.     
 I don't.     
 I care about the pack.     
 They follow their alpha.     
 And having an alpha who can't control himself means the pack gets hurt.     
 Look, I was a dick as a leader.     
 So take it from someone who lost what you have.     
 The pack is everything.     
 If you care about them, you won't let your pride get in the way like I did.     
 I need to talk to you about Raf.     
 I have to say something first.     
 Freya just explained the Merge.     
 Josie's pretty much figured it out, and, uh, Lizzie is spiraling.     
 So, either you do it or I will, but it's time to tell them the truth.     
 If you're the one who betrayed him, why are you trying to set him free now?     
 Because I chose the wrong side.     
 The pit had the same properties as Malivore.   
 Throw a monster in, its memory was erased from existence.   
 Within a few years, the secret society   
 grew into a business.   
 Triad Industries.     
 Keeping the world safe from all the things that go bump in the night.     
 It's monster cleaning.     
 Eventually, the power corrupted them.   
 [DISTORTED SCREAMING]     
 Monsters became whoever they didn't like.   
 Whoever they wanted to be forgotten.   
 I thought revenge on my father would feel sweeter,   
 but it didn't.   
 So I returned myself to him.   
 Inside Malivore,   
 there was only darkness.   
 I yelled, I screamed,   
 but he would not answer me.   
 He let me sit in silence, punishing me until...  decades later, when suddenly he spit me out.     
 
 
 
 I didn't know why till I found that picture of you.     
 And I saw a video of a knife that could only be unlocked by Malivore's blood.     
 And I heard story of a woman who had emerged from the pit pregnant.     
 As more humans were thrown in, he absorbed enough of their genetic material to be able to reproduce.     
 When Triad betrayed your mother, our father had mercy on her and sent her back...carrying you.     
 He sent me back to find you because only you are blood of his blood.     
 And only you can set him free.     
 ["GIRL" BY SYML PLAYING]     
 ♪ Girl ♪     
 ♪ Perfectly her... ♪     
 There's something you both need to know.     
 ♪ Broken and hurt ♪     
 ♪ Soft and asleep in the morning gray ♪     
 ♪ Shake off the night and don't hide your face ♪     
 ♪ The sun lights the world ♪     
 ♪ With a single flame ♪     
 ♪ I want you to see this... ♪     
 What I said before about wanting to protect you, that was true.     
 But...     
 I also didn't want you to go.     
 ♪ So run... ♪     
 And, yeah, you know what, I hate it when people leave.     
 I hate it.     
 I thought I was over losing my parents, but I don't know, after the last couple of days and-and after seeing you lying there in the woods, thinking that you were dead...     
 ♪ And uncover your eyes ♪     
 ♪ We'll make our escape... ♪     
 Every time I lose someone, this, uh, voice in my head, it tells me, "It's your fault."     
 ♪ I need you to see this... ♪     
 That I shouldn't even technically exist.     
 That I'm a cosmic mistake.     
 Oh, I don't know.     
 I guess I just wanted someone to think that I'm worth staying for.     
 I'm sorry for lying to you, Landon.     
 I wanted you to stay because I love you.     
 Oh.     
 Wow. [LAUGHS]     
 You didn't mean to say that last part, did you?     
 - No. 
- Whoa!     
 The first time you tell me you love me, and it's not even the real me?     
 - I'm kind of winging it here. 
- What?     
 [LAUGHS]     
 [SIGHS] Come on, man.     
 ♪ You'll come to learn... ♪     
 H-How would he react to all that, really?     
 I mean, that was how he'd react.     
 You know, he'd say something roguishly charming to deflect from how vulnerable you made him feel, and then... well, he'd kiss you.     
 ♪ My favorite part... ♪     
 Probably.     
 Probably.     
 [LAUGHS, SIGHS]     
 So, one of us is gonna have to kill the other one?     
 ♪ My orchid has died... ♪     
 More like absorb.     
 When Gemini twins turn   ,  the Merge will determine who will lead the coven.     
 And only one will survive.     
 That's why your mother's always traveling the globe.     
 Trying to find a solution.     
 But if there's no one left from the Gemini coven...     
 No, it goes deeper than that.     
 It's a curse, right?     
 A curse on the Gemini twins?     
 ♪ Ooh, ooh, I'm sorry... ♪     
 Uh, yes.     
 I know I should have told you sooner.     
 I just didn't know when.     
 ♪ That I can't ♪     
 When do you...     
 tell your children something like that?     
 [SIGHS]     
 ♪ But in the morning... ♪     
 I mean, could you handle that news at six?     
   ? [SNIFFLES]     
 When exactly is the right time to tell your children that you... that you don't know if you'll be able to protect them?     
 I mean, when I... when I look at you sometimes, I still see you as little girls.     
 Riding your bikes for the first time.     
 Learning to walk.     
 Dancing on my feet.     
 [SIGHS]     
 When I look at you, I see all of that.     
 So I was never ready to tell you.     
 ♪ Song for you... ♪     
 [SNIFFLES]     
 I'm still not.     
 ♪ Song for you. ♪     
 You're quiet.     
 I'm waiting.     
 - Seriously? After all that? 
- Mm-hmm.     
 I mean, wha-what else could I possibly have to say?     
 What you've been trying to tell yourself all day.     
 But there was too much noise in your head, so you couldn't hear it.     
 I'm in trouble, Hope.     
 - What? 
- You already know that's true.     
 I mean, I went into the woods, but I didn't take my journal?     
 Or any camping gear.     
 I left clues in the voice mail that something wasn't right.     
 I called Dr. Saltzman "Ric."     
 - I would never do that. 
- You said hi to... Jed.     
 Last time I said hey to Jed, he beat the crap out of me.     
 I was trying to tell you that something wasn't right.     
 What happened?     
 Hope... for the last time, just listen.     
 LANDON: Hey, Ric, sorry to take off like that, but I just needed a little time, so I'm going camping for a while.     
 - [FOOTSTEPS] 
- I can hear...     
 Hopefully, I can catch up on classwork later.     
 ...shoes on a tile floor.     
 An air conditioner running.     
 Tell Raf and Jed hi for me.     
 - [CHIRPING] 
- Keycards being swiped.     
 Mm, Triad.     
 I mean, it has to be them.     
 They've already tried to come for him once.     
 What are you gonna do?     
 [SIGHS]     
 I'm gonna go full Wonder Woman, that's what.     
 - Do you need any help? 
- No.     
 I've already got my Super Squad.     
 But thank you for everything.     
 Hey, uh...     
 Ric said I should probably head back out into the field, and I was actually coming to find you and say goodbye earlier, but, uh, then I heard you on the dock.     
 Can't turn off my vamp hearing.     
 I wasn't trying to spy or anything.     
 [CLEARS THROAT]     
 You're not a mistake, okay?     
 The cosmos is lucky to have you.     
 So is Landon.     
 He'll figure that out.     
 CLARKE:  There's really only one thing you have to decide.   
 Will you help me?     
 Help release Malivore and destroy the world?     
 He's been alive for centuries.     
 Was the world destroyed?     
 Or was it balanced and safer without all these creatures running around?     
 Ask yourself... who's the real bad guy here?     
 Our father was designed for a purpose.     
 It's his programming. He can't control that.     
 But all the monsters he swallowed are still alive inside of him.     
 Did your friends keep any of them alive?     
 Or did they just kill every creature they couldn't control?     
 Malivore can't hurt witches, werewolves, or vampires, remember?     
 Your friends at the school...     
 They aren't in any danger from him.     
 But they are in danger from Triad.     
 You know what goes on in this building?     
 What kind of secret experiments they run in their mad scientist labs?     
 They're finding a way to turn the pit into a weapon.     
 They're chemically altering it so it  can  be used against the protected species.     
 Ending supernaturals once and for all.     
 You want to save your friends?     
 You  have to stop Triad.     
 Landon, no matter what they say at that school...     
 ...you're not one of them.     
 And you know that, too, don't you?     
 I'm offering you a family who actually wants you.     
 We  can raise our father.     
 And  we  can destroy Triad.     
 What's it gonna be?     
 This one.     
 [LIQUID GURGLING]     
 It was the only thing in his desk.     
 He's one of them.     
 Security found an old pipe that they must've escaped through.     
 There's no record of it on any ground plans.     
 They lost their trail, but... they did find this.     
 ♪ We could start from the top before we were hopeless... ♪     
 I know where they're going.     
 Prep your team.     
 ♪ We collide 'cause it's been quite a while... ♪     
 ALARIC:  You know, in the beginning, there was balance.   
 You know, when Caroline and I opened the school, it made sense.     
 Then it was...it was just me, and... and I-I.. I thought I was strong enough to manage it alone.     
 But I just... made so many mistakes.     
 I thought if I just kept moving, I could outrun them, you know?     
 But they caught up to me.     
 I guess what I'm trying to say... is, I need your help.     
 You know, this school is bigger than you and me.     
 And these kids... They need leaders who can admit their mistakes.     
 And so I am here to say I'm sorry.     
 I am sorry I kissed Emma.     
 And I'm sorry I didn't talk to you sooner about it.     
 ♪ Whoa ♪     
 - ♪  Amen, amen  ♪ 
- ♪ Whoa... ♪     
 You know, for a long time, I thought that I was only at the school because of what happened to my family.     
 So that we could keep supernaturals from growing up to be killers.     
 - ♪ Whoa ♪ 
- ♪  Amen, amen...  ♪     
 But the truth is...     
 ♪  Amen, amen...  ♪     
 I love those kids.     
 ♪  Amen, amen...  ♪     
 They deserve a chance at a normal life as much as anyone else.     
 The school is their best shot.     
 - ♪  Amen, amen  ♪ 
- ♪ Whoa ♪     
 ♪  Amen, amen...  ♪     
 But I will need another raise.     
 ♪  A... a... amen  ♪     
 ♪ Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah-ah-ah. ♪     
 I'm coming.     
 Hello to you, too, uh, and, no, you're not.     
 Look, last time you did this without me, it was a disaster.     
 Except I'm not gonna go alone this time.     
 I'm gonna draft the twins, MG, Kaleb. We're going before Dr. Saltzman comes back.     
 It'll be like a Super Squad Assemble.     
 I don't know. Is that a thing?     
 I don't know. I'll ask MG.     
 Yeah, I'll ask him myself.     
 Raf, Dr. Saltzman told me about the side effects. I'm sorry, but I can't let you come.     
 [QUIETLY]: How do you feel now?     
 [SCOFFS]     
 Like my brain's split down the middle.     
 I keep having these flashes like I can't control myself, and...     
 That's why you're not coming on the mission.     
 Why didn't you tell me sooner?     
 You know why.     
 [SIGHS] Raf...     
 I don't know how to be around you, Hope.     
 I don't want to feel this way, so I push it down, and that just makes the split in my brain worse, which makes it harder to hide.     
 And the only person that I want to talk about it with is the only person I can't.     
 Raf... you're a good brother.     
 But for once, you need to put yourself first.     
 Do what you need to get better.     
 If things get really bad...     
 [SIGHS] ...use this.     
 It's a long story, but, um, it was a gift from a family friend.     
 But it's essentially like a reverse kyanite ring.     
 When you use it, you can turn yourself at will.     
 In your wolf mind, things are less complicated.     
 You know that.     
 It'll buy you time to heal.     
 Only catch is, um, you can't turn yourself back, so, if you do use it, all you have to do is come find me when you're ready to be yourself again.     
 I am really glad I know you...     
 Hope Mikaelson.     
 - [LAUGHS] 
- Now, go.     
 Go save our boy.     
 [LAUGHS]     
 And don't let anything stop you.   
 [GARBLED RADIO TRANSMISSION]     
 Move, move! 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 