Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x06 - Committed - Bitten 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x06 - Committed https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=38&t=13872 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/18/14 07:16 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x06 - Committed 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Bitten"... 
 Did you really think that giving me the key to your hotel room would work? 
 Whoa, just like that? 
 (Groan of pain) 
 There's usually only one reason women know that kind of self-defence. 
 Sometimes, it's to prevent anything bad from happening. 
 Other times, it's to prevent those things from happening again. 
 I'll be honest with you, Victor: I hate the thought of letting you out. 
 I'm done with kids. 
 Well, I really don't care about that. 
 What I do care about is payback. 
 Which one? 
 Elena Michaels. 
 Zachary Cain. 
 Victor Olson. 
 I was promised a fair trade. 
 Information for Pack status. 
 Marsten and Cain are building an army. 
 They've turned two psychopathic serial killers to counter the one that you have. 
 Everything they're doing is because of you, Clay. 
 I had to drag a dead body across the property today. 
 To protect you and the Pack. 
 I'm going home. 
 I have to go to a wedding, for the sister of the man that I love and trust. 
 I don't want this one to break your heart. 
 I can tell that you're all in. 
 Obviously, she's not. 
 I came because you called. 
 I can't say no when you call. 
 So I'm asking you not to. 
 ( ♪ ) 
 ♪ All I need 
 ♪ Is some sunshine 
 ♪ All I need 
 (Soft laughter) 
 You do realize we've not left the house in over two days? 
 Sounds like a complaint. 
 No, no, no, not in the least. 
 Although I will have you explain to Becky why we show up to her wedding empty-handed. 
 I promise you I will get your sister's gift tomorrow. 
 That wasn't meant as a guilt trip. 
 You've got enough going on with your family. 
 Yeah. 
 ( ♪ ) 
 Oh, I'm starving. 
 You ate the last dumpling? 
 Here. Order some more. 
 They have our address on file. 
 "Our"? 
 Yeah, you have not been to your apartment since you've been back. 
 You've moved in here by stealth, right? 
 I wouldn't do that to you. 
 I don't cook and I don't clean, so... 
 They have this new thing, it's, uh, cleaning service. 
 Well, that's kind of hot. 
 Cleaning service gets you hot? 
 Yeah. 
 I'm kinky like that. 
 ( ♪ ) 
 Yes. Right, then. 
 I'll see you when you get here. 
 Elena? 
 Antonio. 
 I sent him to reach out to the other North American families. 
 And without revealing too much about our situation, he found out that we are the only ones targeted by the Mutts. 
 We all live by the rules you set. 
 No offense to the other families, but if someone is going to strike, they'd strike at the head. 
 Still, it's good to know that we can count on some extra muscle if we need it. 
 I sent Nick down to D.C. to have a conversation with Joey and Dennis Stillwell. 
 You think for a second if the Stillwells find out we're under attack, they won't join the Mutts? They're traitors. 
 The Stillwells are hardly traitors. 
 When the Pack separated, they went their own way and they would prefer not to be involved in our business. 
 Isn't defending you part of their business? 
 If I called, they would come. 
 I've had no occasion to call. 
 Nick will make it clear to them that all of our allies need to stay in line. 
 And if that doesn't work? 
 You'll expect me to get them in line? 
 You going to tell me what's really bothering you, Clay? 
 What if she doesn't come home? 
 Elena needs time to adjust. 
 It was very intense here. 
 We just need to give her some space. 
 And if she doesn't want to adjust? 
 What happens if "space" means she turns her back on us for good? 
 Then we will deal with it. 
 You mean you'll expect me to deal with it. 
 If she goes rogue, she's a Mutt, and like all Mutts, she won't be allowed to settle in one spot. 
 It'll be my job to make her life miserable until she moves on. 
 To make sure she can never have a home. 
 I won't be able to do that. 
 You won't have to. 
 She already came back once. 
 She didn't like what she found. 
 (Engine roar of approaching motorcycle) 
 Someone's here. 
 I'll deal with it. 
 (Groaning) 
 Jeremy Danvers in the flesh. 
 Have we met? 
 Samuel Boggs. 
 (Chuckle) 
 Nice place. 
 How can I help you, Mr. Boggs? 
 Well, I came to meet the infamous Alpha. 
 I figured you'd have security in every corner. 
 But here you are, opening your own front door. 
 No need for security. 
 (Sucking teeth) 
 Samuel Boggs. I know your father, Henry. 
 "Knew" him. 
 He was killed three months ago. 
 That's no surprise. 
 Guy had a mean streak. It was just a matter of time. 
 Well, that's true enough. 
 No running. 
 Running is the problem. 
 I asked my dad once, uh, what's the point in being a wolf if you just get herded around like a little sheep? 
 And he reminded me that, uh, only the Pack gets to set down roots. 
 What do you want, Mr. Boggs? 
 What do I want? I want what you got. 
 Only, I don't want to follow any of your rules. 
 Word is, Pack's weak. 
 And there's only one way to become top dog, ain't I right? 
 (Grunts of combat) 
 Clayton! 
 You want to challenge for Alpha, and word is the Pack's weak? 
 You haven't thought this through. 
 (Grunt) I'll give you one chance... (Grunt) to make... (Grunt) the right decision. (Grunt) 
 My nose! 
 I see your face here again, I'll reunite you with your father. 
 (Engine starting) 
 I think he got the message. 
 ( ♪ ) 
 ( ♪ ) 
 Bitten 1x06 - Committed Original air date February 15, 2014 
 I hope your sister doesn't mind us not sticking to her list, but... napkin rings? A gravy boat? 
 What does a 25-year-old need with matching cream and sugar? 
 How much you want to bet my mother helped out with that list? 
 (Eerie, distorted audio) 
 Philip : I could swear there used to be a card store right here. 
 I'm sorry, I'm... 
 Hey, I want to pop in this gallery for a minute. 
 Elena? 
 Yeah. 
 Everything okay? 
 Sure. 
 ( ♪ ) 
 Grilled cheese for your thoughts? 
 Apparently, you can already read my mind. 
 Looks delicious. What's in it? 
 It's a secret family recipe. 
 Ah. 
 I'm willing to tell you if you're willing to reciprocate. 
 You know I don't cook. 
 And you know that's not what I'm talking about. 
 You've been quiet since we got back. 
 I didn't want to say anything... 
 But I thought I saw someone today... 
 A... neighbour of one of my foster families. 
 His name is Victor Olson. He... 
 He had a coop in his backyard where he raised rabbits. 
 He used the rabbits as a lure, and... the coop as something else. 
 I still think I see him sometimes, you know. 
 And he's not even really there. 
 Which is crazy because he's locked up. 
 I helped put him there. 
 He hurt you? 
 I mean, physically? 
 Promise you won't see me as damaged goods. 
 There's not a single thing you could tell me that would change the way I see you. 
 ( ♪ ) 
 Logan : You sure it was Santos? 
 I can't be sure it was him, no. 
 'Cause you know Daniel Santos. The man loves to play games. 
 I know. 
 He had no interest in re-joining the Pack. 
 He just wanted to stir the pot. 
 And he may be doing the same here. 
 Have you told Jeremy? 
 No. 
 And I don't plan on it. 
 Elena... 
 I asked Jeremy not to call me, and I'd like to maintain it from my side. 
 Okay, well... 
 Just keep your eyes open and be careful, okay? 
 Yeah. 
 (Sighing) 
 There's something else. 
 I had to lie to Philip. 
 I... I couldn't tell him about Santos, so I panicked and told him... about Victor Olson. 
 But Victor Olson is a part of your past. 
 Yeah, but that just feels like a loophole. 
 No, it's quite the opposite. 
 You named the beast, Elena. That's huge. 
 How many of us know about Victor Olson? 
 Me. Clay... Does Jeremy even know? 
 No. 
 You got to give yourself some credit. 
 The truth you told him levelled a wall. 
 He asked me to move in with him. 
 And? 
 I mean, I'm there all the time, right? 
 But giving up my own space? 
 How do you manage it so well? 
 Who says I'm managing anything well? 
 Logan, you guys have been living together for two years. 
 How long do you think you can keep it from her? 
 I've told her everything, except for  the  thing. 
 She knows everyone's name. 
 She knows about Stonehaven. 
 But telling Philip about Victor Olson is one thing. 
 How could I ever possibly explain Clay to him? 
 Well, that shouldn't be a problem as long as you've really moved on. 
 You can't let your past with Clay colour your future with Philip. 
 ( ♪ ) 
 Did you clean out the liquor store? 
 I just want everything to be perfect. 
 Becky was stressing about doing this at my mother's house. 
 Offering my place is going to save my family infinite anxiety. 
 It's going to be perfect. 
 Well, it wasn't exactly my place to offer up, was it? 
 Well, I don't mind. 
 Remember that thing that you said about the cleaning service? 
 Yeah, how it makes you hot? 
 No. 
 How you said you'd get one if I moved in. 
 Yeah, it might just be me in a French maid outfit. 
 Sold. 
 Are you serious? 
 Yeah. 
 But, look, just so we're clear, this means my stuff all over your bedroom floor, this means my protein bars everywhere, it means... 
 This means I love you. 
 Hmm. I love you too. 
 What are your plans this afternoon? 
 Why, what did you have in mind? 
 Let's go pack up your stuff. 
 Really? 
 Okay. 
 Nick : (On speakerphone) 
 We've got a problem. 
 Dennis Stillwell is dead. Are you sure? Yeah. I'm sure. He's been dead two days by the smell of this place. What about Joey? There's only one body. Looks like they tortured Dennis before they killed him. He didn't go quietly though. They took his eyes. You've got to clean up the place, Nick. Sanitize it. Yeah, it'll take some time, but... I'll wipe it down... find a quiet place to bury Dennis. Nothing will point back to us. It's what they want. Keep us tied up cleaning up their mess. Any idea who did it? Judging by the smell, I'm pretty sure it was Cain and that Mutt from the motel. What about Marsten? No sign of him. Just the other two. I can be there in four hours. No, no, no. By the time you get here, I'll be done. Come back once you've cleaned up, Nick. ( ♪ ) (Exhalation) (Mysterious ♪) ♪ What is love ♪ But a constant lesson Cheers. Cheers. Ugh! I did this herbal diet to try and lose a couple of pounds, and I ended up gaining three. Total rip-off. Well, you look fabulous, really. Thank you again for having us here. Like, Mother would have completely taken over if it was at her house. And I just really wanted this to be about the four of us, you know, the women in my family, helping me get ready for my big day. Of course. Mom? Mother : Mmm? This is the piece I've been telling you about. It's very... Dramatic. It's gorgeous. Elena. Yeah? You have to let me set up a show. Aren't you busy enough with your actual clients? Don't be humble. People are going to love your work. So tell me, Elena, as an artist, what do you think of Becky's choice of flowers? It's too late to do anything about them now. I realize that, but it's a fair question. Mother. Oh... That's how I know I'm annoying them: all of a sudden, I'm "Mother". Fine. We don't have to have any flowers. As long as you're happy, Mother. And here we go. (Slam) Antonio : The Mutts are trying to kill off our support network. Isolating us from the outside in. This complicates things. It's just a matter of time before the other families find out about the Stillwells. Maybe it will rally them to our cause. Look, all the other families are Sorrentinos. That's your blood. They're not going to turn their back on you. Still, what happened to Dennis and Joey might put the fear of God in my cousins. Maybe we should negotiate a truce with the Mutts. Clay : A truce? Perhaps an easing of the rules regarding territory ownership. A small concession on our part might back them off. Jeremy, they already think you're weak. How long before the next Mutt comes by thinking he can challenge for Alpha? Who came by? Samuel Boggs. Henry's son. The word's out. The longer we sit on our hands, the harder it will be. I say strike back, hard. Reinstate the Mutt Hunts. Kill the worst to teach the others that Jeremy can't be pushed around. Is that what you think, Clay? Do you think that I'm letting them push me around? (Engine roar of approaching motorcycle) It's Boggs. He's back. Stay here. (Sighing) I have the right to challenge for Alpha. This time I want you, not your little lapdog. Come in, Mr. Boggs. Thank you. ( ♪ ) (Groaning) (Grunting) (Exhaling sharply) (Grunts) (Exhaling) They said you wouldn't fight. Who said that? (Yelling) ( ♪ ) (Angry grunts) Ahh! That's typical Mutt behaviour. Weapons aren't allowed, you know that. (Yell of pain) Oh... Okay, man. Okay, look, I quit. All right? Let me go. Please. Please! Let me go! (Bones cracking) (Howl of pain) Take him downstairs. You find out who said the Pack was weak and who sent him. (Groaning) (Yell of pain) Mother : Becky, you're being childish. Now we have a schedule to keep. Open the door! Becky : Go away. Maybe let me try and talk to her? You barely know her. I mean, that's the point, right? I'm an outsider. It couldn't hurt. Why not? She clearly doesn't want to talk to us. Work your magic. Okay. Becky? It's Elena. Can you let me in? I really don't want to talk to anyone right now. Your mom and your sister are in the kitchen. It's just me. (Lock clicking) Hi. I'm sorry. Normally I can handle my mother's passive-aggressive barbs, but I'm just a little off today. No, it's fine. I mean, it's a big day. It's not just that. I don't know if my brother told you, but I take antidepressants. That kind of helps to level out the peaks and valleys. I didn't know that. And I didn't want my emotions to flat-line on my wedding day, so I stopped taking them. Maybe not the best idea, considering this wedding has my mother dialled up to 11. You mean the flowers? It's not just the flowers, it's the groom. She's been fighting me every single step of the way with this wedding. She doesn't like Colin? He is amazing. He's just the right amount of crazy. I don't know, I mean... It's like I'm completely myself with him. So what's the problem? I guess there's a part of me that worries my mother is right. Colin is still trying to figure things out. And like, what if he never gets his sh1t together? Then you'll figure it out together. Okay? Love is messy. Who we fall in love with doesn't always make sense. But when it's right... it's bigger than both of you, okay? I was just kidding! Come on. What the hell is this place? No, I'm not going in there. Ah, don't put me in there! Don't put me... No! No, no! No! (Howl of pain) Come on, man. Let me out. Undo my arms, man. Come on, my shoulder's killing me. San Diego three days ago. Albuquerque. Fort Worth. St. Louis. Lexington. You made good time getting here. I'll go back there. You'll never see me again. Gas. Fast food. No motels. I slept off the road, by my bike. Ahh, man... What was the rush? It was a stupid idea, man. (Grunting, gagging) (Gasping) 
 
 Who told you to come? Nobody. I heard a rumour... (Yell, gasp) I swear to God! I know somebody put you up to it. Somebody's paying you. Nah. No way. You do your taxes? What? Income taxes. I've never paid taxes in my life. Then why did you keep all your receipts? I, uh... I didn't... (Muffled yelp) You thought you could charge expenses to whoever is paying you. I thought so. (Gasping) You're going to tell me everything I want to know. What are you doing home? You okay? Leo heard me puking and freaked out about me handling food. You look green. I'm going to make you some tea or something. No, no, it's okay. I'm still feeling kind of nauseous. Maybe you got that bug that's been going around. I don't think it's the flu. Like I said, I don't think it's the flu. ( ♪ ) (Glasses clinking) (Cheering, applause) I need a cocktail. I'll make it two. I don't know what you said to Becky this afternoon, but I do appreciate your help. She was just a little nervous, that's all. She's off her meds, isn't she? Oh... I know all about the antidepressants. For some reason, my kids think that they should hide things from me. Becky just doesn't want to disappoint you. A mother's life is full of disappointments. I'm disappointed Diane's marriage failed, that Becky's career isn't what she wanted it to be. My son and his girlfriend need to keep it a secret that they're living together. We just didn't want to step on Becky's big day, that's all. (Mouths silently) Look, you raised three amazing children. You should be proud. Not just of them, but of yourself as their mother. Thank you. (Eerie ♪) Elena? Would you excuse me? (Mixed chatter) Hey. Hey, you. Who was that? It was a cousin of Colin's, I think. Um, I'm just going to go freshen up. See you in a couple of seconds. Okay. Hurry back. Okay. Sorry I missed the ceremony. What the hell are you doing here? We have some things to talk about. You have five seconds. It's not what you think. I'm here 'cause I'm worried about you. You're worried about me. You have no idea what's really happening back at Stonehaven. Okay, you know what, I've had enough of your lies about Clay for one lifetime. Thanks. They aren't lies. Jeremy and the others haven't been entirely honest with you. What, and you have? I tried to warn you. Clay is out of control. The Mutts killed Pete to get back at him, and from what I hear, he just laid a beating on some guy named Samuel Boggs. No, you're lying. Call him. Ask him. He's dangerous. I just fear that soon, that danger is going to land on your doorstep. So when Nick gets back, we'll deal with any fallout from it. (Door opens, closes) Anything? Marsten put him up to it. Filled his head with dreams of running the show. Mutt was stupid enough to think he had a chance. Marsten had to know that it wouldn't work. This is a distraction. They're playing games with us. I'll bandage Boggs up and send him packing. I doubt he'll come within a hundred miles of this place again. No more half measures. You really think that's necessary? I want to make an example of him. I want word to get out that if you come at me, there will be serious consequences. See, if it were up to Clay, he'd wipe out the Mutt population singlehandedly. You just ruined a $50 Casanegra. Oh, Marsten's brand. Coincidence? Karl and I met, we talked, we parted ways. I took a cigar for the road. What did you talk about? The events of the past month. The violence, the deaths. Events that you had nothing to do with. I'm just making sure I don't get caught in the middle. Oh, the middle? Whatever happened to wanting to re-join the Pack? Yeah, well that's never going to happen, is it? Right, 'cause you never really wanted it in the first place. Elena, right now, you and I are both outsiders. We don't have to take part in this war. I'm not. Marsten and his crew consider you aligned with Jeremy and the Pack, makes you their enemy. I can protect you from what's to come. I doubt that. Well... you forget... you're a long way from Stonehaven. (Distant chatter) You got a good life here. There's people that care about you. Don't mess with that by running back to fight for something you don't even believe in. You're putting yourself at risk for nothing. (Grunting) Oh, kinky! (Strained chuckling) (Panting) Align with me and the two of us can step outside of this mess together. I'd rather die. Too bad. Oh... give my regards to Jeremy... when you see him. (Door opens, closes) ( ♪ ) (Toilet flushing) Okay, so just so we're clear: two lines means... We're pregnant. Oh! "Oh" is right. ("Lights Changing Colour" ♪ by Stars) ( ♪ ) Philip : I asked her to move in, she said, "Yes." I don't know why you would try to hide that from me. We were waiting for the right moment to tell you, which I guess is right now. Look at you. Seems like it was five minutes ago you were running around in diapers. (High-pitched ring) You raised me to make good choices in my life. Trust that this is a good one. Let her in, Mom. Let yourself love her. She's not going anywhere anytime soon. (Cellphone chiming) Hey! Looks like the pressure's off us, for now. Hello. I've been trying to reach you. Are you okay? Why wouldn't I be? Jeremy : (On phone) Dennis Stillwell has been murdered, and Joey's missing. I'm concerned about your safety. Elena? Yeah, I'm here. Everything's fine. You need to stay in touch if anything out of the ordinary happens, you know that. I will. Like I said, everything's fine. I really have to go. (Inaudible) Could I steal him for a dance? Absolutely. Thanks. ♪ Let's see what taking our time can do ♪ ( ♪ ) ♪ I'm taking my time with you ♪ This isn't happening. Hey, it's going to be okay. I have waited three years for my shot. I finally got a chance at taking over from Leo when he leaves to start his own place. Plus, you've got your practice, never mind the fact that we haven't even talked about kids. Grownups don't screw up like this. I've... been so busy, I haven't been keeping track of, you know, things. Honestly, I don't even know how far along I am. I mean, what are we going to do? We could start by asking the question, "Do we want a child?" Maybe... eventually. But now? I... I'm not sure. What about you? I'm not sure either. So we're back to where we started. Which is? I don't know! Can you stop treating me like one of your clients? Would you like to take this into your office and charge me for a visit? Rachel, come back. Session's over, Logan. Rachel! ( ♪ ) ♪ I'm taking my time with you ♪ (Chuckling) Do you want to get out of here? Where are we going? Back to our place. Our place. I like the sound of that. I'm just going to grab my jacket. Okay. Hi. Hi. I'll get that for you. Mother : Leaving already? Uh... Yeah. Is everything all right? You impressed me today with... with Becky and with the rest of my family. And Philip is very lucky to have you. I'm the lucky one. Thank you. (Cellphone chiming) Hello? Hey. Hey, um... How's the big city? I can't really talk right now. Clay, what's wrong? I've done things... necessary things. Clay... They're coming at us hard, darlin', I... I feel like I'm barely holding my head above water. Look... It won't end well if it keeps going like this, Clay. I know. I want to be a better man, Elena. I need you. Please come home. ( ♪ ) (Suspenseful ♪) ( ♪ ) He, uh... he changed halfway through. Had to give him morphine to force him back to human form. When he comes to, send him on his way. News will get back to Marsten. (Tooth clattering) She left. Pardon me? The blonde woman you came in with. She left a few minutes ago. ( ♪ ) (Knocking on door) Hi. Hey. Oh, I'm sorry. We made such a mess. I'm just going to grab my tote and come back tomorrow to clean up if that's cool. Oh, yeah, don't worry about it. Okay. Where's Elena? She took off. A text message. That's it? An apology with no explanation. I think I need a drink. That girl knows how to keep me guessing. She loves you, Philip. I know that. Just when I think she's starting to open up, she slams shut again. I'm sure it all makes sense when you guys talk. I wish I was so convinced. Pink Himalayan salt. I had to scour the city to find that at this hour. It's apology salt for the way that I reacted when you told me. Babe... you don't need to apologize for anything. At least I had some kind of idea of what was going on. Might as well have punched you in the gut. Well, I'm glad you didn't. (Chuckle) I've been... I've been running our conversation over and over in my head, and I love... love my job. I'm doing exactly what I want but... making a person with you is kind of amazing. Yeah. It is amazing. (Mixed chuckling) Okay, I know it's a lot of take in for both of us. So, I don't want to make any decisions now. Okay? We need to let this sink in and... revisit our feelings in a couple days. Now you sound like the therapist. (Chuckle) Aw, in that case... the next hour's all yours. Okay then. (Giggling) Still up? I was waiting. (Keys jingling) I should have been with you. We couldn't have known. Come. ( ♪ ) I kept... thinking of the time the four of us went hunting up at Grandpa's property, long before the Stillwells left the pack. You and Dennis taught Joey and me how to flush out a deer. I kept thinking about Joey losing his father... what if that was you, lying dead on the ground... That's not going to be me. You can't say that. No, you're right. You're right. But you're my son, and I want to protect you from the truth, 'cause the truth is that no one is safe. All we have is right now. And right now, what you did for Dennis today? The way you put his body to rest: I'm so very proud of you, Nicholas. I'm so proud of you. (Heavy sigh) (Deep inhale) All right. Let's go wake up the others. We got a lot of work to do. ( ♪ ) I wasn't able to find Joey. But if he's alive and safe, he'll join us once he finds out they killed his father. Whose death we will avenge right now. Marsten likes to play in the shadows. He has other people to do his dirty work for him. Have to find a way to draw him out. Elena : Marsten's not the one you should be worried about. ( ♪ ) Daniel Santos found me in Toronto. Santos did? Yeah. He had a lot to say. And he left this for you. You're not going to like what's inside. (Suspenseful ♪) ( ♪ ) 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 