Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x12 - Caged - Bitten 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x12 - Caged https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=38&t=13878 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/01/14 15:22 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x12 - Caged 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously, on "Bitten"... 
 Gorgeous dog. Clay... 
 (Yelling in pain) 
 They've been watching us, in Toronto. 
 It's not just you the Mutts are after. 
 It's Elena. 
 James : I want them all dead. All except her. 
 Don't worry, Daniel. You'll get your prize. 
 (Deadbolt clattering) 
 Shh, shh. 
 (Panicked breath) 
 (Mixed grunts) 
 ( ♪ ) 
 (Groaning) 
 Rachel : Logan? 
 Take me to Stonehaven. 
 Okay, okay. 
 (Grunting) 
 I think we're alone now. 
 (Snarling) 
 Ahh, aaah! 
 (Howl of rage) 
 (Bones cracking) 
 In a better world, I would have married you. 
 (Panting) 
 ( ♪ ) 
 (Unlock signal beeps) 
 (Tires screeching) 
 Nick. 
 Thank God you're all right. 
 We have to go. 
 Olson stabbed Philip. I called an ambulance. 
 The police probably aren't far behind. 
 Jeremy, they took Clay. 
 We were just at Logan's apartment. They attacked there too. 
 Logan and Rachel are missing. 
 We have to get to Clay. If we split up, we can track the Mutts... 
 The Mutts could be anywhere by now. 
 No, we have to do something! 
 Listen, Santos is dangerous. He's not a fool. 
 They're not going to kill him before they get what they need. 
 You're willing to risk Clay's life on that? 
 Because I'm not. 
 We need to work together on this, Elena. 
 If they catch you, there'll be no further need for Clay. 
 Now we will get him back, but we need to keep you safe. 
 Nick will go back to Stonehaven with you and we can prepare for Santos' next move. 
 ( ♪ ) 
 (Laboured breathing) 
 (Crackling) 
 Ready to make some noise, Clayton? 
 (Buzzing) 
 (Soft grunt) 
 You're going to need a bigger battery. 
 What I don't need is your roadside assistance. 
 Call Marsten and LeBlanc. 
 Let them know we're here. 
 Getting someone to talk is child's play. 
 The real trick is convincing them to stay quiet. 
 Well, this is about more than just getting him to talk. 
 It's about respect. 
 (Buzzing) 
 (Grunting) 
 (Yelling) 
 You can call it respect if you want, but it sure looks like revenge to me. 
 (Dialling beeps) 
 (Cell phone chiming) 
 Elena : Hello. 
 Santos : (On speakerphone) 
 Nice to hear your voice, Elena. 
 We need to talk. If you hurt Clay, I swear I will make you live to regret it. I have a proposition to make. And trust me when I say this is in your best interests. Meet me at the Bear Valley Diner tomorrow at noon. And forget about bringing the Pack. I'll smell them before they enter the door. And just in case you don't think I'm serious... (Buzzing) (Yelling in pain) Stop it, okay? I'll meet you at noon. I look forward to seeing you. I think... that got her attention. (Buzzing) (Yelling) (Grunting) ( ♪ ) Bitten 1x12 - Caged Original air date March 29, 2014 ( ♪ ) (Sniffing) Please tell me I'm not detecting a faint whiff of Clayton Danvers above the layers of horse manure. I hope you haven't done anything rash with him. He's tied up and drugged for now. I see you've got the stuff. Walked into the local emergency room. Took what I needed before anyone knew I was there. You see? No worries where Clayton Danvers is concerned. I'm not worried about him. I'm worried about what we're going to do with him. Thomas, go check on Olson. Make sure he's behaving himself. When did I become the diddler's babysitter? Do as you're told. What happened at Logan's? In the heat of the moment, Mr. LeBlanc went rogue. Proved himself unreliable. Suffice to say, Logan Jonsen lives to howl another day. I gather things went poorly on your end. Olson didn't kill Elena's boyfriend as planned. Now the guy can I.D. Olson to the police. And I was going to take Elena as collateral to lure Jeremy. Unfortunately, she didn't show up. So I took Clay instead. I thought the plan was to cull the herd and force Jeremy to relinquish control. But here we are talking about Elena, a name that seems to come up more frequently than Jeremy's of late. What does it matter, as long as we all get what we want in the end? (Remote phone ringing) I came as soon as I could. Hi. Glad you're here. What happened? It was a home invasion. Philip was stabbed. They just took him in for surgery. Oh, my... God... He's going to be fine. Dia... Mom. He'll be okay. W... What about Elena? W... Is she okay? I don't know. She's, um... she's not answering her phone. Jeremy : It's a trap. I'm not letting you meet with Santos. I'm not asking for your permission. He specifically asked to speak with me. He's right, Elena. It's too dangerous. If I don't go to that meeting, Santos is going to start shipping Clay home one piece at a time, just like Dennis Stillwell. Elena, I said no. (Car approaching) It's Logan. Rachel's with him. I'll get the first aid kit. Jeremy's going to fix you. He's going to be okay, right? (Soft grunts) Nick, let's get him up on the table. (Mixed grunts) Elena : What happened? These two guys, they... broke into the house. Logan hid me. Marsten and LeBlanc. We had to come here. You did the right thing. I'm going to have to draw some fluid out of his chest so that his lung can expand. You can put a needle in his lungs? He's in good hands. What if he needs surgery? You know that we can't involve the police, right? Hey, Rachel, why don't we give these guys some space, okay? We'll go in the next room. It's okay. Rachel : No, no. I'm not leaving Logan. Go with Nick. I'll stay here and help Jeremy. It's okay. This way. Okay, Logan, try to hold your breath while I do this, okay? (Groaning in pain) Okay, okay, okay. Ahh! (Panting) Logan will pull through. He has a lot to live for. He told me the good news. You must be excited. I was. But now, with all this, I mean... What am I bringing this child into? You're bringing a child into a loving family with the man that you adore. As for what's happening with our family, we can protect you until it's all over. You and your child. We're all real anxious to meet the little guy. Logan was shocked about the whole fatherhood thing. You and the baby mean the world to him. And he means everything to me. Listen to me, Rachel. Logan will pull through, okay? You're safe here at Stonehaven. Do you think that, after all this, Logan and I can go back to our normal lives? The way things were before? Things will never be the same. But that's what happens when you have a baby. That should relieve some of the pressure. How do you feel, Logan? (Exhaling) I can breathe. I'm sorry I brought Rachel here. We had no choice. I understand. You did what you had to do. For now. I'm going to get you to the infirmary so you can rest. We need you healthy. ( ♪ ) Wake up. (Thud) It's a new day and we have some catching up to do. (Growling) Santos : There's some things that I need to know. Perhaps you may want to ask some actual questions this time. Just a thought. I've been waiting for years to get my vengeance on the Danvers family. Every dog has his day, Karl. Let me have mine. Yes, yes. He killed your brother and ruined your childhood. Nothing a good therapist won't fix. But this nonsense, is it really necessary? Yes. Definitely. (Screaming) Ho-oh! Feeling spunky this morning? Fortunately, Thomas here has just the thing for that. (Grunting) (Soft ♪) ( ♪ ) (Cell phone buzzing) (Whispering) I've been trying to reach you since yesterday. I know. I'm sorry. How is he? Diane :  The doctor says he's going to be all right. He's just resting now. Are you okay? Yeah, I'm fine. (Sigh) Thank God. Elena, where the hell are you? Have you spoken to him? About what happened? Yes. He doesn't remember much. You should be here with him. Which hospital? We're on the post-op floor, Toronto General, room 718. Be there as soon as I can. ( ♪ ) Elena! I know that you would do anything you could to help Clay. Santos asked to meet me. You know I can't let you do that. (Grunting) Let me go! Please, I have to save him! (Grunting) You're locking me in? Until this is done. Jeremy, I was trying to save Clay! So am I. And I cannot let you compromise my negotiations with Santos. Please don't do this. I let you go to Toronto because I thought that you would be safe. And I was wrong. And I know that you would do anything to help Clay. The only place that I can keep you safe is in here. I know what you're doing, Jeremy. You think if you offer yourself for Clay, you can end this. But you can't trust Santos. He could kill you and Clay. I know. I don't trust Santos. But right now the most important thing for me is to protect you. From yourself. Nick and I will deal with this. Jeremy! Let me out of here! (Panting) ( ♪ ) Hey, babe. (Grunting) How are you feeling? Ohh... better. How are you holding up? I'm okay, given the circumstances. Nick says that we're safe here. He's right. Then why don't I feel safe? Those people that attacked us, they can't hurt us here. So, what? We're supposed to live here for the rest of our lives? When I'm able, we'll go. We'll go far away, okay? It won't be long before Elena and I walk off into the sunset together. It'll never happen. Oh, it'll happen. You just won't be around to see it. You've always been a very loyal Pack member, Clayton. Always doing Jeremy's bidding. Like when you killed my brother. Let me ask you: how did it feel to kill Stephen at Jeremy's behest? As good as it will when I kill you. Hm. Wrong answer. (Grunts) Which families are currently aligned with the Pack? All of them. What's the status on Jeremy's injuries? Is he fully recovered from our little roadside surprise? Strong enough to take on Koenig with enough left to kick your ass. (Grunt) The Pack is falling apart and we both know it. The only thing left in your future is more of this. You're getting carried away, Daniel. This has nothing to do with bringing down Jeremy. This has everything to do with a history of you watching Clay get everything you ever wanted: status in the Pack... (Scoffs) and the girl. Tick-tock. Time is running out on you. The girl and I have a lunch date this afternoon. You know, I've been keeping a close eye on Elena these past few weeks. You should have seen her at Philip's sister's wedding. Trying to lead a normal life. But you and I both know that isn't really Elena. I bet she'd give it all up just to save you. In fact, I'm counting on it. Elena doesn't know this yet, but... when I get my hands on her perfect body, (Grunt) we're going to breed a new generation of werewolves. Perfect werewolves. Our children. And I anticipate having a very big family. We're going to be very, very busy. She might never leave the bed. (Grunting) (Buzzing) (Grunting, yelling) (Continued yelling) You're dehydrated from the blood loss. Here, drink this. (Groan) Where's Rachel? She's taking a nap in Elena's room. Just trying to keep her from wandering around. Thank you... for saving my life, Jeremy. And I'm sorry I wasn't here when you needed me. I understand. (Laugh) It's been so long since we've had a little one roaming the grounds at Stonehaven. Oh, your life is going to change so much when you become a father. You have no idea. Are you ready for the responsibility? Well, I've got a few months. A large part of being a parent is to make the right choices for your child. Be a strong man, a good role model in his life. But I promise you, the first time you look into that child's eyes, you are going to know that you would do anything to keep them safe. That's what parents do. Over the centuries, we've learned that the only way to keep our kind safe is within the Pack. That's it. I have some business to attend to in town. We can continue this conversation later. I hope. (Panting) (Engine ignition) (Vehicle driving off) (Grunt of anger) (Metallic clanking) (Continued clanking) (Ominous ♪) ( ♪ ) (Clanking) ( ♪ ) 
 
 (Gasp) What are you doing? I... I heard something. It's an old house with old pipes. I grew up in an old house. That is not the sound of old pipes. Trust me when I tell you you do not want to go down there. Why not? (Clanking) Some things you see, you can't un-see. What's going on down there? Old pipes. Now go upstairs and forget all this. Get me out of here! What are you doing in the cage? Jeremy didn't want me to meet with Santos. So he locked you up? He didn't tell you? Jeremy's going to sacrifice himself to Santos in exchange for Clay's life. But I'm afraid he's just going to kill them both. All right, now what? I don't think we're safe here. You and Rachel need to leave now. Take care of her. Daniel Santos might be the scum of the earth, but if nothing else, he's punctual. There's something wrong. Maybe he clocked us and bolted. Jeremy : Or maybe this is all just a ruse to lure us out. We need to go back to Stonehaven now. Hey, hey-hey-hey. You'll get yours, I promise. You came alone. That's the second smart thing you've done. The first was warning me about Jeremy and Nick at the diner. I'm not interested in small talk. Tell me what it'll take to release Clay. Where's Clay? I thought you were going to bring him. I wasn't going to risk walking into a Pack ambush. I needed to ensure that you'd cooperate before I brought Clay out into the open. What have you done to him? Nothing that he hasn't deserved, for years. (Grunting) (Grunts) If you kill Clay, I swear, I will hunt you down and make you wish you were never born. Do you understand? Yes. Clay is alive. And what you do next determines if he stays that way. Let's hear your proposition. The tide has turned against the Pack. We can attack at will, as we've demonstrated, and pretty soon, there won't be anybody left at Stonehaven to turn out the lights. Go on. You agree to join up with me and I'll free Clay. And I'll also let Jeremy and all the others live, as long as they agree to stay on the move like Mutts. No permanent homes. You're serious. Deadly. Oh, and here's the kicker: if you should ever, ever, decide to renege on the agreement, Clay, Jeremy, all of the others, will be hunted down and slaughtered. It's a win-win for you. The people that you love get to live. And you end up giving birth to a new dynasty. Their well-being is in your hands now. What about everybody else in my life? You mean Philip? Well... Your friend Victor Olson's gone to pay him a visit, to finish what he started. Call him off. Olson doesn't believe in cell phones. Hey! I am the only thing standing between the Pack and death. So, what'll it be? My offer's only good till the end of the day. Man : I know you've been through a lot. I just need a minute of your time, okay? A couple questions, I'll be out of your hair. Walk me through what happened. All I remember were a couple of guys coming in. (Deadbolt clattering) Did you know or recognize them? No. They didn't say what they wanted? They jumped me as soon as they came in. I tried to put up a fight. I saw your place. You must have put up a hell of a fight. (Grunts) You got any idea why anyone would attack you in your home? I don't have any enemies if that's what you're getting at. If you remember anything, you call me. You should have told him about the stalker you beat up at Elena's show. That stalker was one of the guys that attacked me in my apartment. Why didn't you tell the police that? Because Elena and her family are involved in some kind of a mafia war. How do you know this? Elena told me yesterday. We have got to keep this quiet. Do not tell Mom when she comes back. Why are you still protecting Elena? Especially if it means putting yourself, and maybe our family, in jeopardy? Look at me. Look at where I am. I'm not saying anything  because  it's going to put us in jeopardy. You look as though you could use a drink. Sadly, I have nothing stronger than bottled water. I wish I could help you more, but our friend Santos has relegated me to something above peon status. Where is he? He went to meet with Elena. (Laboured breathing) It seems your lovely lady has made quite the impression on him of late. This entire affair has gone horribly sideways and you should know that... I never intended for things to get this far out of hand. You thought the Pack would just roll over and play dead? No. Let's just say I made the unfortunate decision to trade the devil I know in Jeremy with the devil I don't in Santos, who's gone from ambitious upstart to tyrannical despot in the blink of an eye. You could always switch sides. I imagine that's the offer you made to Zachary Cain, before you snapped his neck and buried him amidst the sugar maples in Stonehaven. (Wolves snarling on video) (Snarling) (Gasp) (Exhaling) Look for Logan and Rachel. I'll check on Elena. Got it. They're gone too. There's no sign of struggle, no scent of Mutt... Logan must have let her out. Wherever she is, I hope she knows what she's doing. (Grunting) (Choking) (Growling) Tell me where they're holding Clay. All this rage I had. Then I see your face, your beautiful, beautiful face. Tell me! Or...? You'll live to regret it. I thought we were friends. We were never friends. Oh, Elena. Do you realize how long we've known each other? Since you were... What, six? Seven? I've been in your life longer than anyone else. And after all these years, I'm still in your life. Where is he? If I tell you, what'll you give me in return? Your life. You're not a killer. You don't know what I am. Aaaah! Tell me. And it's important you call me back when you get this. Any word from Logan or Elena? I've left them messages. What did your cousin Jorge say? The grapevine is buzzing that the Mutts are reaching out, looking for new recruits. For what, exactly? My guess, an all-out assault. They know we're weak. Especially without Clay. But the more this situation unfolds, the more I start to wonder who's really pulling the strings of this uprising. You don't think it's Santos. I think he has the wherewithal to recruit Cain and Marsten, bite a couple of killers and pedophiles. But that's just one aspect of this. They're hitting Elena from all sides. Here, in Toronto. And then this video of Logan and Elena running as wolves surfaces. That's not a coincidence. No, Clay said it came from somebody named James Williams. We need to figure out who James Williams is and why he's getting involved in our business. Time is running out. For me, or for Clay? Aaaah! Tell me where he is and I'll tie off your wounds and stop the bleeding. Such a pretty girl. Always. All I'd want is to brush your hair one more time. Untie me. I will. Once you tell me where he is. I tell you what I know, if you promise to let me go. Fine. (Door opening) (Rapid breaths) (Groaning) (Whispering) Not a sound from you. Philip. Elena, what are you doing here? Did you get my messages? I didn't have my cell phone. Your life is in danger. I believe you. I just don't know what's the greater threat, those men or you. Philip, I tried so hard to make this work. To be who you wanted me to be, okay? Who you deserved. All I ever wanted from you was for you to be honest with me. I know, and you'll never know how sorry I am for that. I need you to do me one last favour, okay? Please just leave. Go as far away as you can! I am not going to let somebody force me to go on the run. Once you met me, and we fell in love, your life went down a dark road. Okay, I didn't want that, but it happened. Olson : (Groaning) Philip, I'm trying to save your life, okay? Please, just go! Okay, while you still can. Please. ( ♪ ) It was all so touching. You don't want to lose us both in one day. You can still save yourself, so talk. You are in complete control, and yet, I know you're still scared of me. You want to come inside? I've got more rabbits in there. I'm not scared. Not anymore. They have him in a barn. A place called Fox Valley Farms. How do I know I can believe you? Isn't that the same thing your dear Philip just asked you? Hey... What are you doing? I told you where Clay is. Untie me. You promised me. (Groaning) I lied. (Door slams) (Sniffing) (Sniffing) ( ♪ ) Damn it, LeBlanc. (Grunts) ( ♪ ) Daniel? (Grunting) Oh, my God... Clay, hey. It's good to see you, darlin'. ( ♪ ) (Sniffing) (Sniffing) Elena... ( ♪ ) I'll be right back. ( ♪ ) How is he? He's a little weak right now. He's been through a lot. He's strong, he'll recover. I spoke to Jorge. He's sent a team to sanitize Philip's apartment. They'll get rid of any trace of you and Olson. I am sorry that you were forced to kill again. Forced? He gave me everything I needed, and still I killed him. Victor Olson got exactly what he deserved. I never wanted to be an executioner. That's why I didn't kill Marsten or Santos. After I saw what they did to Clay, maybe I should have. You did what you had to do to save Clay. Just like he did for you when you first came here. Clay bit me and almost killed me. When Clay first brought you to Stonehaven, it was a very... foolish and impetuous act. I'd just come back from a run. And I was in the middle of a Change when you turned and saw me. I didn't see anything. You know I couldn't take that chance. You thought that I saw you Change, so you were going to kill me? I didn't have a choice, Elena. And Clay bit me to give me another chance at living. He defied my orders to save you, yes. All this time, I blamed him for ruining my life. He was always the faithful son. And he was willing to accept... my burden to protect the relationship between you and I. And you let him carry that? I... questioned myself every day whether I should tell you the truth. I'm sorry, Elena. I did what I thought was best for the Pack. But it wasn't what was best for me, Jeremy! Or for Clay! No, and Clay chose to make that sacrifice. Just like you made a sacrifice to save him. All this time... Yeah. All this time. Clay has been the most trustworthy person you've ever known. ( ♪ ) (Sigh) ( ♪ ) We're dead! Clayton's going to come after us... No, he's going to come after you. When he's done with you, then he's going to come after us. Let him come. Oh, shut up! You have no idea the hornet's nest we've kicked. Clay's weak. We can still win this battle. The three of us? (Cell phone ringing) Hello? James : I understand you lost your trump card. Santos : (On phone)  How did you know that? It doesn't matter. There will be no more kidnappings, no more negotiations, no more talking, period. It's time for action. What kind of action? It's time to storm the castle. (Camera shutter click) No Equal. (Triumphant ♪) 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 