Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x03 - Sin-Eater - Lucifer 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x03 - Sin-Eater https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=391&t=28989 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/11/16 00:59 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x03 - Sin-Eater 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on  Lucifer... 
 Someone's escaped from Hell. 
 AMENADIEL:  Who escaped Hell? 
 LUCIFER:  Mom. 
 LUCIFER:  If she's not coming to kill me,  then I don't know what she's doing. 
 Aren't you glad to see me? 
 I apologize for my human form. 
 Chloe, I'm sorry. 
 CHLOE:  You don't get to be sorry. 
 Dan :  I've been demoted.I'm reassigned to assist on cases. 
 Maze :  I need to figure out where I fit in in this world.  I need some space. 
 AMENADIEL:   Things have been very trying for me. 
 Maze :  Lucifer made a deal with  your ex to take you back to Hell. 
 And he doesn't break deals. 
 I want what your father took from me. 
 LUCIFER:  All right, you can stay, just until I figure out what I need to do. 
 ♪ I-I... can get used to this... ♪ 
 Man :  I want to say I'm sorry... for all my sins. 
 For anything I have ever done that hurt people. 
 I was stupid. 
 And I am sorry. 
 I am so sorry. 
 (crying softly) 
 All I want now is forgiveness. 
 I just want to take it all back. 
 Please. 
 (lighter clicks) 
 No! Just let me take it back! 
 No, no, no, no! No...! 
 (woman squealing) 
 (chuckling) 
 (moaning) 
 There's no need for squeals. 
 We'll stop this torture any time you like. 
 Just say the word. 
 Don't you dare stop. 
 (chuckles) 
 Mom : What happens if he stops? 
 Well, Lucifer, don't be shy. Introduce me to your friend. 
 Lucifer, you brought a surprise. 
 LUCIFER:  I most certainly did not bring any surprises. 
 Oh, she's beautiful. 
 LUCIFER:   That's my mum you're talking about. 
 This just got too weird. 
 (elevator bell dings) 
 LUCIFER:  Listen, Mum, I know I chose not to return you to Hell, yet... 
 Which I appreciate. 
 LUCIFER:  But that doesn't mean you can just waltz in here and accost my guests. 
 I apologize. 
 It's just that all these human rules and customs are so confusing. 
 Remember, I'm still getting used to this earthly skin sack. 
 LUCIFER:  Yes, yes, you used to be a goddess. I know, but things are different now. 
 And I will figure it out. 
 Now that we're together again, I just want to be part of your lives. 
 LUCIFER:  Not this part! Out of bounds. Wait. What do you mean by "lives"? 
 I want to see Amenadiel. 
 LUCIFER:  (laughs): What? 
 It's time. I am not going to live in fear of my own son. 
 We may have had our differences... 
 LUCIFER:  He literally carried you to Hell. 
 But I created him. Certainly that has to count for something. 
 LUCIFER:  It doesn't. Bummer, right? One look at you, and he'll take you right back where you came from. I'm surprised he hasn't come sniffing around already. 
 Well, what am I supposed to do, just sit here and hide? 
 LUCIFER:  See a movie, go to a museum. Catch up on what's happened over the past few thousand years. You'd be surprised. 
Yes. I suppose a lot has changed. I mean, who would've predicted you would've taken on this human job? 
 LUCIFER:  I'm a punisher, Mother. It's what I've always done. The only thing that changed was the locale. 
 (scoffs) 
 DAN:  I know what you're thinking, but I was assisting on a stakeout that went long, and I'm really sorry, but I promise you, I will make it up to you, okay? 
 How? 
 DAN:  Double fudge, your favorite. 
 You're lucky I like you. 
 (sighs) 
 Hey. 
 Hey. 
 DAN:  Thank you for letting me do the pickup here at work. I've just been running around a lot since the demotion. You know, helping out on everyone else's cases. 
 CHLOE:  Yeah. It's fine, it's fine. 
 Are we still going on our family camping trip? 
 Oh, uh... 
 We're still ler... working out the logistics of that. 
 Of the trip. 
 DAN:  (clears throat) Look, I know that you're still mad at me. I deserve it. But this stuff between us is starting to affect Trixie. So I think that we need to talk later. 
 (phone ringing) 
 CHLOE:  Yeah, yeah. We should. You're right. Decker. Okay, yeah. Two seconds. 
 Man :  I was stupid. 
 And I'm sorry. 
 (indistinct police radio chatter) 
 Victim's name was Nicholas Sands, 35. 
 Worked as an exec at the Internet startup called Wobble. 
 Wobble? 
 Please tell me that's a pornography site. 
 Oh, no, no. Wobble's like a next gen Facebook, you know? 
 People post updates, photos, links. 
 Mine's mostly slo-mo videos of me doing cannonballs onto inflatable pool toys. You should check it out. 
 CHLOE:  I'll pass, but thank you. 
 Nick's confession was posted to his Wobble account six hours ago, right around the time of death. 
 Which means whoever did this wanted us to find that video. 
 So we could see how weepy this chap was before he died. 
 Now, that is cruel. 
 CHLOE:  Ella, do we know how the fire started? Any chemicals we can trace? 
 So far, all we've got is paraffin oil. 
 Which is highly flammable, but also, like, everywhere. 
 Even in crayons, so color at your own risk. 
 Doesn't help us narrow the suspects. 
 Yeah, but this might. 
 Okay, so based on the burn pattern, which is pretty gnarly in this case, it looks like the highest concentration of accelerant was placed, well... here. 
 Lucifer : Goodness gracious, great balls of fire. 
 CHLOE:  Lucifer. 
 LUCIFER:  I mean, I've heard of hot pants, but this really brings new meaning to the term "fire crotch," doesn't it? 
 CHLOE:  Lucifer. 
 LUCIFER:  Wait. I have more. 
 Smokey Bobinson. Weekend at Burnie's. 
 His burning bush? 
 LUCIFER:  Oh. Very good. (chuckles) That was actually me, by the way, so don't tell anyone. 
 CHLOE:   Hey, guys? Dead body. Can you please take this seriously? 
 LUCIFER:  I assure you, Detective, I'm taking this very seriously. Look at this. Our killer was clearly punishing his victim. 
 CHLOE:  And? 
 LUCIFER:  And punishing is my job. So if there's someone out there stealing my jam, I need to find out who. It's game bloody on. 
 Chloe : Do not touch the charred crotch. Is a sentence I never thought I'd say out loud. 
 LUCIFER:  It's vicious work. I mean, I reserve this kind of treatment for the truly terrible in Hell. 
 Pedophiles, Nazis. People who put their seats back on a plane. 
 CHLOE:  Uh-huh. Seeing as the nature of the crime is so specific, we need to figure out who had a personal grudge against the victim. 
 Hmm. 
 Uh, by the way, you've skipped a spot, there. 
 Oh. (chuckles) 
 Yeah, it's not like you to miss a step in the clothing department. 
 LUCIFER:  Yes, well, I had to rush out this morning. I've got an unexpected houseguest I can't get rid of. 
 Oh, right. New lady friend that you can't shake. 
 LUCIFER:  A rather old one, actually. 
 CHLOE:  Yeah, I know how... complicated exes can be. 
 LUCIFER:  What? She's not an ex. 
 Officer : You should see this, Detective. 
 CHLOE:  Thanks. What is it? 
 E-mails from Nick's supervisor at Wobble. 
 A woman by the name of Leila Simms. 
 Let me guess, something riveting about the latest quarterly report? 
 "How could you? 
 "I should have known better. 
 You won't get away with this." 
 "I'll burn you starting with your man parts"? 
 No. (sighs) 
 Still, that's a pretty good lead. 
 Yep. 
 CHLOE:   Do not... touch... the charred crotch. 
 And Nick was so... sweet and charming. 
 How could someone do such a thing? 
 CHLOE:  So, Leila, you were his supervisor. How well did you know him? 
 We dated briefly, a while ago. 
 Lucifer : Oh. 
 (sighs) 
 LUCIFER:  Would you say things sort of flamed out, or did they end in more of a blaze of glory? 
 CHLOE:  Lucifer.  
 LUCIFER:  You're right, far too subtle. Why did you torture the poor young man to death? 
 Torture him? Oh, God. 
 You think I had something to do with this? 
 CHLOE:  Well, we know about the angry e-mails. 
 I was pissed off. 
 He shared pictures of us together. 
 LUCIFER:  Mm, mid-coitus? If so, we'll have to confiscate those immediately. 
 No. 
 Just of us at-at dinner. 
 But I'm his boss, and inter-office romance is frowned upon here. 
 Well, it hardly seems worthy of lighting a man's johnson on fire. 
 Wait. 
 Is that how he died? 
 There's something you should see. 
 Ray, can you come in here, please? 
 Ray, I'm gonna need you to pull up the video of Tommy at the company retreat. 
 Ray :  The  video of Tommy? 
 Ray's head of our H.R. 
 Being protective is part of his job. 
 Do it, Ray. 
 Nick was a charmer, but he had a tendency to be a little harsh with interns. 
 Aka, he could be a real dick. 
 As you'll see. 
 Aah! Aah! 
 (laughter) 
 My balls! Get it off! 
 (laughter continues) 
 (laughing) 
 Come on, that is quite funny. 
 Leila : Nick posted the video shortly after the retreat, and even though it was quickly taken down, everyone saw it. 
 Tommy was a laughingstock. 
 He quit pretty soon after. 
 Certainly looks like motive. 
 Huh. 
 What can you tell me about Nick Sand's death? 
 Just that the b*st*rd finally got what he deserved. 
 Okay. And why did he deserve it? 
 As soon as I took the job at Wobble, Nick made it his personal mission to make my life hell. 
 Sabotaging my work, terrorizing me, making me the butt of all of his jokes. 
 Or the  balls,  in this case? 
 Tommy : That stupid video was my breaking point. 
 Everyone saw it. Everyone laughed at me! 
 No one's laughing now, Tommy. 
 So after everything that happened, what, you-you wanted to make him feel your pain? 
 He deserved what happened to him. 
 Yeah, but you're not answering the question. 
 Did you kill Nick? 
 LUCIFER:   I understand punishment all too well, Tommy, and Nick deserved to be punished. 
 He did, didn't he? 
 LUCIFER:  Mm. He took your dignity, and so you had to take your revenge. There was no other way to get your proverbial balls back. So tell me... ...did you desire... 
 I killed him. 
 LUCIFER:  Oh. Well, that took all the fun out of it. That did not go how I expected. Oh, come now, Detective. He obviously wanted people to know that he got his revenge. Now our would-be punisher's brought to justice, and the field is mine again... 
 LUCIFER:  What on earth is she doing here? 
 Chloe : Charlotte Richards. The defense attorney we saved, remember? She must be back here defending some scumbag.  
 LUCIFER:  But why are they all being so... chummy? 
 Chloe : Well, she used to be a cop, and, oh, yeah, 'cause she's a knockout. 
 Personally, I'm surprised that you haven't tried... 
 LUCIFER:  Pardon me, pardon me. Excuse us. Charlotte, hello. Do you mind if we have a quick word? 
 (chuckles) 
 LUCIFER:  (quietly): What are you doing here, Mother? I thought we agreed you'd do something constructive with your time, like mall walking or a studio tour, perhaps, but... How did you even find your way here? 
 Well, it wasn't difficult. 
I simply smiled at a male human and asked him to take me. 
 LUCIFER:  Need I remind you that Charlotte Richards has a husband out there who's wondering where she popped off to. And you have a son who wants to take you back to Hell. So drawing attention to yourself in a police station in this little... getup, not a good idea. 
 But I had to see it for myself. 
 My boy, working, toiling, amidst humanity's muck. 
 LUCIFER:  Well, I hope it's everything you imagined and more. Now go see  Cabaret.  I'm sure you'll find it riveting. 
 I just don't understand. 
 Of all the things that you could do with your talents, law enforcement? 
 LUCIFER:  Have you considered I might enjoy exploring humanity? 
 (elevator bell dings) 
 They eat, darling. 
 All they do is eat. 
 And then afterwards, the food comes out changed and not for the better. 
 LUCIFER:  Detective. 
 CHLOE:  I didn't realize you and Charlotte knew each other so well. 
 LUCIFER:  Oh, we do and we don't. It's a long story, really.  Right, shall we go somewhere to, uh, celebrate solving the case? 
 CHLOE:  No. Not yet. Tommy was humiliated. Makes sense why he'd want to kill Nick. But something just doesn't sit right. 
 LUCIFER:  Detective, you, of all people, should know how good it feels to punish someone who's wronged you. 
 CHLOE:  How so? 
 LUCIFER:  Oh, come now. You may not be roasting Dan's chestnuts... yet... but a shoulder shrug here, a dismissive look there could be just as effective. 
 CHLOE:  Okay, fine. Maybe I've been a little hard on Dan lately, but he deserves it. 
 LUCIFER:  And I'm sure you found it very satisfying. But have you considered for just one moment how your fighting affects those caught in the middle? 
 CHLOE:  You mean Trixie? 
 LUCIFER:  What? No, I mean me. Think how terribly bored I am by it all. Ah, look, there he is. Now's your chance to stop with your "will they, won't they" nonsense. 
 CHLOE:  It's not that simple. I'm avoiding a difficult conversation. Well, I... 
 Hi. 
 There's something you got to see. 
 Another apology video dropped along with another body. 
 Man : I know it was wrong! I shouldn't have posted that video! She didn't deserve to be humiliated like that. (sobs): I'm sorry. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 CHLOE:   (sighs) Two murders. 
 Same M.O. 
 But Tommy was already in custody when this guy was killed. 
 There's no way he did this. 
 Lucifer : Tommy wanted his dignity back. Whoever did this clearly had a much grander objective in mind. Ladies and gentlemen, it looks like we're tracking a serial killer. 
 Victim's Adam Wiser, 29, worked as an assistant at a local bank. 
 Time of death was two hours ago, but apparently he's been missing for almost two days. 
 Ooh, that's a long time on a s*x rack. 
 Not a record, but quite impressive. 
 CHLOE:  Ella, we know the cause of death? 
 Well, he's got broken ribs, a ruptured spleen and possible cranial bleeding, which would all totally suck. 
 And yet, this dude asphyxiated. 
 He was choked with an apple? 
 No. 
 More like an orchard. 
 We're gonna have to cut him open to get the rest. 
 That's messed up. 
 Certainly brings new meaning to the term "deep throat." 
 Why not just kill the guy? 
 Why all the pomp and circumstance? 
 Well, our punisher's clearly sending a message. 
 Perhaps if we find the video that Apple Boy is apologizing for, we'll know what that message is. 
 Hold this. 
 What are you doing? 
 The original video was filmed on Nick's phone, right? 
 What if Adam's doing the same thing? 
 (dialing) 
 (phone beeps) 
 (ringtone playing) 
 Be careful, Detective. 
 Might be a booby trap. 
 (ringtone continues) 
 (sighs) 
 The video's already cued up. 
 Look at this. 
 Notice anything familiar? 
 The ball gag's amaranth. 
 Just like the apple. 
 What, so our killer's paying homage to a bloody s*x tape? 
 He's recreating the crimes he's punishing for. 
 First lighting Nick's groin on fire, now this. 
 He's upping his game. 
 Yeah, but what's with the outfit? 
 I mean, other than giving me super creepy flashbacks to Catholic school, it doesn't add up. 
 And the woman is not wearing one in the video. 
 She certainly looks too old to be in school. 
 Unless she teaches at one. 
 (siren whoops) 
 Her name's Sarah Aiken, 27. 
 Third grade teacher. Cute. 
 Not hot, but extra points for proclivities. 
 When she broke things off with Adam, he uploaded his revenge p0rn to Wobble. 
 Some teachers caught wind of it, and she was fired. 
 Well, maybe she took out both Nick and our loathsome ex. 
 You know, no harm, no foul. 
 And no dice because she had no connection to Nick. 
 And shortly after she lost her job, she killed herself. 
 What, so our poor, sexy teacher's dead, and our apple-chomping schoolboy's responsible? 
 And the only other connection we were able to find is that both victims posted their illicit videos to Wobble. 
 So, maybe some sicko saw both videos and decided to take action. 
 "Sicko"? 
 Sounds to me like someone's doing our job for us. 
 We don't exact vengeance, Lucifer. 
 Well, maybe we should. 
 As far as I'm concerned, these little w*nk*rs got exactly what they deserved. 
 See you later. 
 Hey, where are you going? 
 LUCIFER:  We have to find out who did this. Well, I thought someone out there was stealing my job, but far be it for me to stand in the way of excellent work. 
 I'm off for a drink. 
 ♪ Hey ♪ 
♪ Hey ♪ 
 Linda (chuckles) : No. 
 Honestly, I'm impressed. 
 It's hard going out on your own. 
 Changing old habits. 
 LINDA:  I admire the steps you're taking. 
 Well, don't admire too much. 
 I'm still coming to Lux. 
 LINDA:  Hmm, yes. Baby steps are fine. Plus, the view here is... nice. 
 (chuckles softly) 
 The real key is to avoid setbacks. 
 (sighs) Setbacks that are tall, blond and have a special place in Hell? Mm. 
 Hi, Maze. 
 Hi, human. 
 I need to get rid of that bitch. 
 LINDA:  Now I know why you're still here. 
 Why? 
 LINDA:  You and Lucifer are very close. It's normal that you be jealous of a new girlfriend. 
 (laughs) 
 I'm not jealous. 
 LINDA:  Ah. Mm-hmm. 
 And she's not his girlfriend. 
 (chuckles) 
 She's just toxic. 
 Lucifer doesn't see it, but I do. 
 LINDA:  Oh, so you want to protect him? 
 I want her to get what she deserves. 
 Which, at the very least, is a head-butt. 
 I'll be right back. 
 Okay, okay. 
 (chuckles): Okay, maybe... we should start with our words. 
 Perhaps as Lucifer's friend, you can talk to him. 
 Express how you feel. 
 He won't listen. 
 But maybe someone else will. 
 Where are you going? 
 Taking your advice. 
 
 
 
 Hey, Man Bun. 
 Take care of my friend. 
 (sighs) 
 Why do I even try? 
 Because you're an incredible woman. 
 Oh. 
 Thanks. 
 So, I reached out to Wobble to cross-reference who saw both Nick and Adam's videos. 
 And? 
 They lawyered up. 
 Hid behind privacy laws, and without a warrant, Wobble won't let us anywhere near their viewership data. 
 Okay, pull the warrant, and I'm on my way there. 
 No problem. 
 Dan. 
 Um... 
 So I've been thinking about the trip, and, um... 
 I don't think it's fair to put Trixie in the middle of our problems, you know? 
 So you want to skip it. 
 No, I want to spare us all heartache and... 
 I just feel like if we go on the trip and, you know, we pretend everything's fine, then we're just lying to her. 
 Yeah. 
 All right. 
 ♪ All eyes on me ♪ 
♪ Whoo... ♪ 
♪ All eyes on me ♪ 
♪ Whoo... ♪ 
♪ All eyes on me ♪ 
♪ Revving it up ♪ 
♪ Getting started, time to press play ♪ 
♪ Plugging it in ♪ 
♪ Level ten through the earth shake ♪ 
♪ But we're the wild and the free ♪ 
♪ No controlling... ♪ 
 LUCIFER:  Excuse me. Excuse me. Mom. 
Oh. 
 LUCIFER:  What do you think you're doing? 
 I'm taking your lead, son. Learning about your beloved humanity. 
 LUCIFER:  By dancing at my club? 
 Well, I saw all the people on the tables smiling and I wanted to discover what they were so happy about. 
 LUCIFER:  Oh, is it possible it's the money that I pay them? 
 It's possible. But I have to admit that when I started dancing, rubbing up against the other humans, I got a tingling sensation... 
 LUCIFER:  Okay, that's enough. Excuse me, excuse me, thank you. 
 I don't understand. I thought you'd be pleased by my effort. 
 LUCIFER:  Disturbed is more like it. Are you actually trying to systematically disrupt every part of my life? 
 No. I'm trying to  learn  about every part of your life. 
 LUCIFER:  Oh, right. How's that going for you so far? 
 Well, quite illuminating, actually. I understand now why you have this provocative club. I understand why you amused yourself with that curvaceous savage. 
 (sighs) 
 But what I don't understand... 
 LUCIFER:  Is my human job. Yes, I know. It's very simple: I'm a civilian consultant. 
 But why do you still punish people? 
 LUCIFER:  It's what I've always done. 
 That's not true. 
 That's who your father wanted you to be. 
 Are you still trying to win him over? 
 LUCIFER:  Careful, Mother. 
 Why? 
 Are you going to punish me? 
 Leila : I'm sorry, Detective. 
 I looked into the two videos in question, and unfortunately, there was no overlap. 
 Chloe : Doesn't make any sense. 
 I'll need a list of everyone who saw the videos. 
 Sadly, we don't track people, just I.P. addresses. 
 (sighs) Maybe I'm looking at this the wrong way. 
 Can you take me through how your video process works? 
 Well, our users can upload anything they want. And if we find that the content's inappropriate... uh, anything from animal cruelty to beheadings... it gets taken down. 
 By who? 
 Our content moderators. 
 Huh. 
 Leila : Most of them only last a few months. Frankly, most people can't stomach something so dark or upsetting. 
 Right. 
 (Lucifer laughing) 
 LUCIFER:   God, that has got to smart. 
 (Lucifer laughs) 
 Can I see that again? 
 Lucifer? 
 LUCIFER:  Oh, Detective. You're here. Did you know that this room collects all the best parts of the Internet? 
 Can I talk to you for a second? 
 Yeah, yeah. 
 LUCIFER:  But you got to see this... a-a naked man thinks he can jump on the back of a rhino.(laughs): You'll never guess what he lands on.  Actually, you probably will. 
 What? You've seen it already? 
 (sighs) 
 What are you doing here? 
 LUCIFER:  Trying to catch our killer. 
 Duh. 
 I thought you didn't care whether this sicko was brought to justice. 
 LUCIFER:  Oh, I don't. But then I realized that our killer may have the answer to a question that I'm, you know, struggling with. 
 Mm. 
 LUCIFER:  Why does he punish? 
 That's it? First you want to teach this vigilante a lesson, and now you want to have a talk with him? 
 LUCIFER:  Yes. And lucky for me, I found out where you were headed. 
 (chuckles): I mean, these videos are enthralling. 
 Chloe : No, I-I can't. I can't watch these. 
 LUCIFER:   Oh, I've seen worse. 
 But never so many collected in one single room. 
 You know, if I ever go back to Hell, I am getting me one of these. 
 Selfish bastards get to see everything. 
 (woman screaming over video) 
 (scoffs) Yeah. 
 They do. 
 I know where the overlap is. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 (sighs) 
 (knock on door) 
 Maze : Amenadiel, I know you're in there. 
 (vacuum whirring) 
 Open up! 
 (vacuum stops) 
 Hey. 
 What are you hiding? 
 Nothing. 
 (chuckles) 
 (laughs): Oh. 
 I see what's going on with you. 
 You do? 
 Sure. 
 Humans say that rebound s*x is important after a breakup. 
 You don't have to hide that you're getting some. 
 (laughs) 
 I'm not. 
 Right. 
 Of course. I didn't want you to feel awkward. 
 Silly me. 
 (sighs) 
 So what are you doing here? 
 I have a problem. 
 I need your help. 
 There's a new... woman in Lucifer's life. 
 I want her gone, but he won't listen to me. 
 And why do you care? I thought you were stepping away from both of us. 
 I am. 
 But before I do, I need you... 
 I'll talk to him. 
 Yeah. 
 Well, that was easy. 
 I'm his big brother, Maze. 
 I really should start looking out for him more often. 
 Okay. 
 Thank you. 
 All right. Thanks. 
 Dan's working with Wobble to trace what moderator may have pulled both videos. 
 Hopefully, we'll have an answer soon. 
 Then why are you so sure the killer's one of these misanthropes? 
 Chloe : Well, serial killers usually start with someone they know. 
 If the killer worked here, they knew Nick, saw how much the prank hurt Tommy. 
 So you think seeing someone they recognized in one of these twisted videos finally made them snap? 
 Maybe it awakened something in them. 
 Something that was always there, just fighting to get out. 
 (chuckles) But... they were just trying to do a job. 
 Job no one else wanted. 
 Well, maybe they chose that for a reason. 
 LUCIFER:  No one chooses to be a sin-eater, Detective. No one wants to be custodian of the world's filth. Why would they? Absorbing the worst humanity has to offer, day in and day out. Changes you. 
 So you think it's the job's fault that they started to punish? 
 LUCIFER:  People don't arrive broken. They start with passion and yearning till something comes along that disabuses them of those notions. 
 Hmm. 
 LUCIFER:  Which means... that none of these people did it. 
 Okay. I'm not following. 
 LUCIFER:  Well, look at Tim there, with the photos of his ugly children. 
 Ivan and his flowerpots. 
 Poor Andrea's still hoping Destiny's Child get back together. 
 Don't you see? 
 These people still have hope. 
 Chloe : Excuse me. 
 Yeah. 
 Who's had this job the longest? 
 Um... maybe me. 
 I've been at it two whole months. 
 Huh. 
 Oh. Anyone else? 
 No. 
 Other than Leila, of course. 
 Leila, your boss? 
 Yeah. She started as a moderator before the company blew up. 
 She was the first of us. 
 Thanks. 
 Leila knew Nick, she had access to the videos. 
 If she's behind this... 
 She's known what we've been doing every step of the way. 
 Dan, I need you to see if you can trace the videos to one person in particular now. 
 (sighs) We're looking at Leila Simms. 
 I can't believe we had the killer right under our nose. 
 And she's gone. 
 Touché, Leila. Touché. 
 Luci? 
 Luci, you home? 
 He's not here. 
 He left in quite the hurry before. 
 Think it was something I said. 
 I'm sorry. Are you his latest, uh...? 
 Trust me, I'm not his latest anything. 
 All right. 
 So, what  are  you doing here, then? 
 I'm having a bit of an existential crisis, I suppose. 
 I've been known to be a good listener. 
 Okay. 
 Uh... 
 I'm having some trouble with my kids. 
 Needed to get away from them for a little bit? 
 No, the opposite, actually. 
 I'm trying to get closer to them, but I'm not having much luck. 
 Tell me. 
 Are you a good son? 
 I try to be. 
 Well, then perhaps you can explain. 
 Would a good son blindly take his father's side in a divorce? 
 Would a good son send his mother to Hell? 
 And would a good son stand here right before me, without a care in the world, plotting to send me back? 
 Mom? 
 I thought I would come to Earth to be with my sons. 
 Instead, Lucifer is obsessed with his human job, and you're still your father's loyal soldier. 
 I'm tired of fighting for things that I'm never gonna have. 
 So just take me back, Amenadiel. 
 I'm ready. 
 (sighs) 
 (sniffles) 
 No matter what happens, I will  always...  love you. 
 Always. 
 (sighs) 
 Leila took down both videos, killed Nick and Adam, and then led us by the nose until she had time to escape. 
 Why didn't I realize it was her? 
 LUCIFER:  Because as a punisher, she's quite adept at avoiding her own medicine. Quite impressed, really. 
 (computer beeps) 
 Chloe : Hey, Dan. 
 Yeah, I just saw it. I'm already working on a trace. 
 LUCIFER:   "Judgment Day"? Oh. 
 People should really be careful how they use that phrase. 
 It isn't actually due for another couple of years. 
 She's gonna kill herself live on the air. 
 What? Well, that won't do at all. 
 How am I supposed to talk to her if she's dead? 
 Glad you have your priorities in order. 
 Thought we were dealing with someone smart and clever, who tortured with a brutal sense of irony, but killing herself whilst humiliating her company... 
 Doesn't fit the pattern. 
 Hey, Sharon, can you pull up the video of Leila driving again? 
 Yeah. Sure. 
 Pause it there. 
 What are you looking for, Detective? 
 Zoom in to the edge of the seat. 
 Can you go in tighter? 
 Well, I know images can be deceiving, but that looks an awful lot like a gun, doesn't it? 
 Chloe : Leila's not our killer. 
 She's in danger. 
 You understand this sicko pretty well. 
 Where do you think he's going? 
 Well, somewhere linked to her sins, I suppose. 
 We barely know Leila. 
 Who knows what the killer thinks she's done? 
 Well, she runs the company that hosts humanity's worst depravities, but we know she's not there. 
 Hey, Dan, how's the trace coming? 
 The I.P. just keeps pinging back to Wobble's main server. 
 It's got to be a mistake. 
 Unless it's not a mistake at all. 
 You know, if you take away the blinky lights and add some lost souls, this place bares a striking resemblance to Hell. 
 Shh. Listen. 
 (Leila speaking quietly) 
 Leila : My name is... Leila Simms. 
 I'm one of the co-founders of Wobble. 
 I wanted to apologize to anybody who's watching for... for creating a forum... 
 ...where evil and hate sought a refuge. 
 And there's Queen Wobble herself. 
 Yeah, but where's the killer? 
 And tonight I go down with the ship. 
 (sobs softly) 
 Right alongside all of those awful sins that-that I helped give a voice to. 
 (crying) Please, please. 
 P-Please, please. 
 D-Don't make me do this. 
 Please. 
 (whispering): There's Ray, the HR rep. 
 Oh, goodness me, I should have known. 
 Halitosis... first sign of evil. 
 He had all the access he needed to find his targets and frame Leila. 
 (sobs) 
 What are you waiting for? Shoot him. 
 If he drops that lighter, he'll kill her. 
 I don't have a shot. 
 Okay, Detective, this next part will be much easier if you're not here, so I'm gonna politely ask you to leave, okay? 
 I'm not going anywhere. 
 We're gonna figure this out. Just give me a second. 
 (sighs) 
 (Leila crying) 
 All right, no rush. 
 Whilst you're pondering, I'm gonna go and have a word with our killer. 
 That's a great idea. 
 Sorry, say that again. 
 I never meant to cause anybody any pain. 
 I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. 
 Yeah. 
 (whimpering) 
 Hello, Raymond. 
 Hate to, uh, blow up your spot, but I have a question to ask you before you complete this twisted little mise-en-scene. 
 Stay back. 
 I swear I will drop this, and she is dead. 
 Oh, gosh, there's the halitosis. 
 It travels, doesn't it? 
 You should really get that looked at, but first, indulge me this one simple query. 
 Why? 
 What? 
 Why are you a punisher? 
 I understand the longing for justice or the joy of sweet revenge, but no one's forcing you to do this, so why would you take it upon yourself? 
 Because I couldn't take it anymore. 
 All that evil is constantly spreading. 
 I had to do something. 
 I had to punish them. 
 You're wrong. 
 You didn't have to do anything. 
 You  wanted  to punish them. 
 No, that's not true. 
 Yes, it started with Nick... that was impulsive. 
 But then you got a taste for blood, and it felt good, didn't it? 
 I was doing my part. 
 You had big plans to go on a vengeance quest until we came nipping at your heels, at which point poor Leila took the fall. 
 An innocent! 
 No, you're wrong. 
 And then what, you'd stop? 
 Get away scot-free? 
 (chuckles) 
 We both know you can't stop because you love it! 
 Just like the people you punished. 
 I don't! I... 
 I do. 
 I-I like seeing them beg for forgiveness. 
 You see, the difference between us is that you became part of the problem, Ray. 
 Someone deserving punishment. 
 You're right. 
 I do. 
 We all do. 
 No, wait! 
 (fire alarm blaring) 
 (alarm stops) 
 Man, you really don't shut up. 
 Congratulations, Detective. 
 I suppose you could say I look quite extinguished. 
 Right. 
 Shall we get you untied? 
 Burning the midnight oil? 
 Ha, ha, what can I say? 
 Being everybody's bitch really sucks. 
 Yeah, well, it won't last forever. 
 So I've had some time to think, and, um... I realize that I've been really harsh lately. 
 It's okay... 
 No, let me finish, please. 
 I've been really hard on you for a while now. 
 And I've been... so upset and so angry. 
 And... I did, I felt really betrayed. 
 I know. 
 But I realize you've... you've been working so hard to make it right, and I feel like, for the sake of Trixie, that we should go on the trip. 
 You know, we should go, like we always have. 
 I can't do that. 
 Wh... What do you mean? 
 You were right before. 
 We shouldn't lie to our daughter. 
 Okay. 
 Look, I-I'm always gonna be Trixie's dad. 
 And I'm always gonna be part of your lives. 
 But we've been living in the past for too long. 
 We're no, we're no good for Trixie if we're no good for each other. 
 But I think we both know the truth. 
 It's time we get a divorce. 
 (elevator bell dings) 
 Hello, Luci. 
 Tell me you didn't do it. 
 Do what? 
 Don't play stupid with me. 
 You know exactly what I'm talking about. 
 Easy, Lucifer. 
 Your brother didn't send me to Hell, if that's what you're worried about. 
 But you were so adamant. 
 I told you, Lucifer, a mother's love counts for more than you think. 
 My time on Earth has helped me to realize that Father has a tendency to overreact. 
 So you're going against Dad? 
 Things change, brother. 
 Do they? 
 Well, I for one am grateful that we're all just in the same room, together, as a family again. 
 Yes, not so fast, Mother. 
 You see, I did make a promise, and I am a man of my word. 
 I told you that you could stay here until I figured out how to reconcile my deal with Dad, and now I have. 
 So you're going to punish me anyway? 
 I am, indeed. And not because I've been brainwashed by Dad or I'm trying to prove anything. 
 I punish because I'm good at it. 
 I like giving people their due. 
 Makes me happy. 
 I suppose I can't ask for a better reason. 
 (scoffs softly) 
 Which brings me to your sentence. 
 Mother... (inhales sharply) you shall remain right here on Earth amongst the creatures you so despise... as one of them. 
 Wait. 
 You're going to send me into the life of Charlotte Richards? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Well, how's that supposed to work? 
 Not my problem. 
 And what if I refuse? 
 You can't fight this, you're human now. 
 But that husband... 
 And there's children, right? 
 They're going to  need  things. 
 Oh, I'm counting on it. 
 But if you truly want to be with your sons, then that's the price that you have to pay. 
 So be it. 
 (gasps) 
 (grunting) 
 Your money or your life, bitch. 
 I-I choose money. 
 Does anyone choose life? 
 That doesn't very... 
 Come here! 
 I'll give you what you want! Just hold on. 
 I said, hold on! 
 ♪ ♪ 
♪ Old habits, old habits die ♪ 
♪ Old habits die hard ♪ 
♪ Old habits, old habits ♪ 
♪ Old habits die, old habits die hard ♪ 
♪ Old habits, old habits ♪ 
♪ Old habits die, old habits die hard ♪ 
♪ Old habits. ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 