Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x02 - Seeing Things - True Detective 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x02 - Seeing Things https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=185&t=11320 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/21/14 10:57 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x02 - Seeing Things 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 COHLE: So you want to talk the whole case through or...? 
 MAN: The whole story from your end, you don't mind. 
 HART: That's what y'all want to hear about, right, Dora Lange, kids in the woods? 
 I guarantee this wasn't his first. 
 HART: So she was drugged, tortured, posed out there. 
 MAN: Is it the Fontenot girl? 
 COHLE: And why would you ask that? 
 Went missing around here years back. 
 Ten-year-old girl goes missing and that doesn't go state-wide? 
 TATE: My understanding, the little girl went off with her birth daddy. 
 COHLE: Marty? 
 WOMAN: I don't know what that is. 
 I haven't looked in there since the police first came. 
 MAGGIE: Rust, it is so nice to finally meet you. 
 Children? 
 One, she passed. 
 Marriage didn't last long after that. 
 This is Reverend Tuttle. 
 SPEECE: We've been discussing the task force to investigate crimes with an anti-Christian connotation. 
 There is a war happening. 
 You want to talk Dori? 
 Man, she was high. 
 Talkin' 'bout she met a king. 
 Can you, uh, tell us anything about that? 
 You were off the grid. 
 My question is... 
 COHLE: How could it be him... if we already caught him in '95? 
 How indeed, Detectives? 
 [The Handsome Family's Far From The Road playing] 
 ♪ from the dusty May sun ♪ 
♪ her looming shadow grows ♪ 
♪ hidden in the branches ♪ 
♪ of the poison creosote ♪ 
♪ she twines her spines up slowly ♪ 
♪ towards the boiling sun ♪ 
♪ and when I touched her skin ♪ 
♪ my fingers ran with blood ♪ 
♪ when the last light warms the rocks ♪ 
♪ and the rattlesnakes unfold ♪ 
♪ the mountain cats will come ♪ 
♪ to drag away your bones ♪ 
♪ and rise with me forever ♪ 
♪ across the silent sand ♪ 
♪ and the stars will be your eyes ♪ 
♪ and the wind will be my hands ♪ 
 True Detective - 1x02 
 "Seeing Things" 
 COHLE: Back then, I'd sleep and I'd lay awake thinking about women. 
 My daughter... my wife. 
 I mean, it's like... something's just got your name on it, like a, like a bullet or a nail in the road. 
 sh1t. 
 Sorry. I drift... sometimes when I've had a few. That's... 
 That's why I like to drink alone. 
 One reason, anyway. 
 [Lighter clicks] 
 About that sculpture thing. 
 COHLE: - Hmm. 
 Kind of strange it turns up like that years later. 
 Yeah, nobody knew why that thing was in the playhouse. 
 [Distant typewriter keys tapping] 
 I mean, the aunt reckoned maybe it was something she made in school, you know? 
 COHLE VOICE-OVER: To me, it was like someone was having a conversation, you know? 
 Girl's... school shut down in '92. 
 It closed down after Andrew. 
 That mean anything to you? 
 Oh, we notified the deceased's mother. 
 [Woman sobs] 
 HART VOICE-OVER: Do you remember the last time you saw your daughter Dora? 
 WOMAN VOICE-OVER: It was a horrible, horrible thing. 
 We saw it on TV, what we're in the clutches of, and I prayed and prayed for that woman's family. 
 And it's me. 
 It's me. 
 COHLE: - Mrs. Kelly. 
 Hmm? 
 What about her father? 
 Did they have a relationship? 
 Why? 
 What have you heard? 
 I heard he passed. 
 Is that correct? 
 Why wouldn't a father bathe his own child? 
 [Sighs] 
 HART: - Ahem. 
 We, uh, we were just wondering how they got on, ma'am. 
 He died on the road. 
 He drove a Peterbilt, and he took an exit too fast. 
 Rolled over near Rowan, Oklahoma. 
 May 11, 1984. 
 When was the last time you talked to her? 
 You know, she's always been in some kind of trouble. 
 I thought things were getting better. 
 Got away from Charlie. 
 She came by not too long ago, maybe a month. 
 She didn't talk about her daddy none. 
 Said she'd been going to church. 
 HART: Do you, um, do you remember where that church was? 
 Oh... 
 Mrs. Kelly? 
 No. 
 Ow. 
 [Groans, gasps] 
 Hail Mary, full of grace, the Lord is with thee. 
 Hail Mary, full of grace. 
 Mrs. Kelly... 
 I... I get these headaches. 
 It's like storms. Oh. 
 I worked in dry-cleaning for 20 years. 
 The chemicals. 
 That's what's wrong with my nails. 
 HART: Piece of work, huh? 
 My mother... 
 Donna Reed type. 
 Packed lunches, bedtime stories. 
 Your mom still alive? 
 Maybe. 
 PAPANIA VOICE-OVER: Cohle ever talk about his parents? 
 HART VOICE-OVER: No. 
 Little bit about his dad. 
 Alaska, 'Nam. 
 You know, my dad, I had about 6 inches on him, and even in the end, I still think he could have taken me. 
 Yeah, Marines, Korea. 
 Never talked about it. 
 You know, there was a time that men didn't air their bullshit to the world. 
 You know, it just wasn't a part of their job. 
 Well... family. 
 Well, I mean, I... 
 I think a part of Rust's problem was there was things he needed that he couldn't admit to. 
 Afternoon, men. 
 HART VOICE-OVER: So we talked to the victim's friend next, I believe. 
 COHLE: Miss Carla? 
 CARLA: I guess she always had her mom's place, but, uh, I thought maybe she'd gotten into somethin', you know, like, uh, like gamin' again. 
 Havin' a rough time. 
 What all did y'all talk about? How was she? 
 Thin, loopy, like high, usually on somethin'. 
 She says she found a church, but, uh... heh!... her eyes. 
 Somethin' wrong with 'em. 
 Now, do you remember where this church was? 
 No. 
 You know where she might have been staying? 
 Her landlord said she'd moved out last summer. 
 That's when I stopped seein' her so much. 
 She mentioned someplace down south, like around Spanish Lake, a... shelter, girls used to stay there, something, all she said. 
 Hmm. 
 COHLE: She sounds sad, Marty, like a torn-up person on her last legs. 
 She was just an easy target for him. 
 What do we know about him? 
 Hits prosts, artistic, religious in some kind of way. 
 Every person within a thousand miles of here is religious in some kind of way, except you. 
 How many DBs have antlers, blindfolds, painted symbols on their back, hmm? 
 Yeah, you know what tweakers get up to. 
 sh1t, man, this dude in New Orleans cut up his girl, felt remorse, tried to piece her back together with Krazy Glue. 
 That's just drug insanity. 
 Ah, that's not this. 
 This has scope. 
 Now, she articulated a person with vision. 
 Vision is meaning. 
 Meaning is historical. 
 Look, she was just chum in the water, man. 
 [Sighs] 
 COHLE VOICE-OVER: Days of nothing. 
 That's what it's like, you work cases. 
 Days like lost dogs. 
 HART VOICE-OVER: Goes on like that. 
 You know the job. 
 [Cigarette lighter clicks open] 
 HART VOICE-OVER: You're looking for narrative, interrogate witnesses. 
 Wake up, Daddy. 
 Parcel evidence, establish a timeline, and build a story day after day. 
 [Hart growls] 
 [Laughs] 
 No! No! 
 [Audrey and Macie clamoring] 
 Hey, the other night, when you were over for dinner, why didn't you leave when I had Chris call? 
 Mmm, I don't know. 
 I guess I had sobered up a little. 
 Besides, it wasn't as bad as I thought. 
 And being around your family, I liked talking to them. 
 "Bad"? 
 Why'd you think that? 
 I was married, Marty, for 3 years. 
 We had a... baby girl. 
 She died. 
 Car accident. 
 She was two years old. 
 Marriage couldn't handle it. 
 Your kid died? 
 Oh, I... 
 I'm sorry, man. I am so sorry. 
 I didn't... 
 No, I mean, it wasn't you guys. It was just me. 
 I was worried... you know, being around that kind of thing. 
 GILBOUGH VOICE-OVER: Hey, you were married the once, just the once? 
 COHLE VOICE-OVER: Uh-huh. 
 Came close another time. 
 [Smacks lips] 
 Laurie. 
 Maggie introduced us, and it... it broke off. 
 It was for the best, you know. 
 I gave her cause. 
 I can be hard to live with. You know, I... 
 I don't mean to, but I can be... critical. 
 And sometimes I think I'm just not good for people, you know, that it's not good for them to be around me. 
 You know, I... 
 I wear 'em down, you know, they... they get unhappy. 
 Hmm. 
 Yeah, I think the job does that to a lot of guys. 
 Changes you. Some guys just notice, that's all. 
 Well I can't say the job made me this way. 
 More like me being this way made me right for the job. 
 And I used to... think about it more, but... you know, you reach a certain age, you know who you are. 
 Now I live in a little room out in the country, behind a bar. 
 Work 4 nights a week; in between, I drink, and there ain't nobody there to stop me. 
 I know who I am. 
 After all these years, there's a... there's a victory in that. 
 ♪ 
 HART: Third day on the job, stopped this cutie for speeding. 
 52 minutes later, back in her dorm room. 
 I got my... uniform around my knees. 
 Ha! I'm occupi... so I don't hear anything. 
 [Chuckling] 
 I don't know that her roommate has come h... and snuck up behind us. 
 Oh, sh1t. 
 You know how I knew that she was in the room? 
 She stuck her finger up my ass! 
 [All laugh] 
 Ruined me. Now I can't do without it. 
 [All laugh] 
 HART VOICE-OVER: You miss some things on the job. 
 You know what I mean. 
 You got to... decompress before you can go being a family man. 
 What you get into working, you can't have the kids around that. 
 So, um, sometimes you got to get your head right. 
 Mind if I stop by? 
 WOMAN ON PHONE: I don't know. Where are you? 
 Elks. 
 So you're drunk. 
 No, I'm not, and I've hardly had anything to drink. 
 You never hardly have anything to drink. 
 I have a surprise for you. 
 Oh, yeah? 
 Yeah. 
 Is that a yes? 
 I, uh, might stay up. 
 Ah. 
 [Coin clinks] 
 HART VOICE-OVER: It's for your wife and kids, too. 
 [Removes coin] 
 You got to take your release where you find it or where it finds you. 
 I mean, in the end, it's for the good of the family. 
 What's that? 
 Oh, well, I, uh, got you a present. 
 ♪ 
 Don't move a muscle. 
 I shan't. 
 Just the fingers. 
 The finger muscles. 
 Mmm. 
 Oh, stop. 
 [Grunts] 
 Oh, you're very naughty. 
 [Laughs] 
 Yes. 
 You have the right to remain silent. 
 [Chuckles] 
 Anything you say can and will be held against you in a court of law. 
 You have the right to an attorney. 
 If you can't afford an attorney, the state will provide you one. 
 Do you understand your rights? 
 You definitely have a career in law enforcement. 
 [Chuckles] 
 Well, I thought I was gonna put these on you. 
 You want this? 
 Ah. 
 Yeah? 
 You want it? 
 [Whispers] 
 Yes. 
 [Moans] 
 Mmm. 
 Mmm. 
 GILBOUGH VOICE-OVER: Now, what do you mean, exactly, these visions you mentioned? 
 COHLE VOICE-OVER: Oh, sh1t. I thought you knew. 
 I told Marty about them, you know, down the line. 
 Uh, chemical... flashbacks, neural damage, you know, from my time in the HIDTA, as in High-Intensity Drug Trafficking Area. 
 I spent 4 years undercover. 
 [Chuckles] 
 You know what that means? 
 That's where they got them Fed rumors, I first come in. 
 What, you two don't know about them? 
 Those files are still sealed, huh? 
 Shee-it. 
 Just what have you two heard about me? 
 LUCY: You wanted blues? 
 Quaaludes. 
 Downers? 
 Dopey stuff. 
 Oh. 
 What's it run? 
 I'm thinking blue go for three a pill. 
 We'll say 200 for the bottle. 
 I thought you might just take 'em. 
 Or that you wanted somethin' else. 
 Some kind of somethin' else? 
 No. 
 [Smacks lips] Then I was thinking, you're a good-looking man. 
 You wouldn't need a shakedown to get some. 
 What about rough trade, scary guys? 
 You girls talk. 
 Around here, they're rough or whiskey-limp. 
 Seen plenty of guys that get touchy. 
 Something sets them off and they're like little boys. 
 People always go away around here. 
 Where would I look, working girls might know the blonde? 
 If she was gaming I-10 south side, I heard of this place. 
 Kind of trailer park. 
 Girls work and stay. 
 They call it "The Ranch." 
 Where's that? 
 Like, south of Spanish Lake, supposed to be. 
 You know the place? 
 What's your deal? 
 I don't have a deal. 
 I mean, what do you do? 
 Never mind. I thought you were gonna bust me. 
 I told you, I'm not interested. 
 Yeah, I know. 
 Kinda strange, like you might be dangerous. 
 Well, of course I'm dangerous. 
 I'm police. 
 I could do terrible things to people... with impunity. 
 You know, what'd you do last night? 
 I called up here late. 
 What were you doing? 
 Working. 
 [Chuckles] 
 Was thinking about dropping by. 
 Where were you? 
 I was out with girlfriends. 
 Uh-huh. Well, I don't like that. 
 [Chuckles] 
 What, you're jealous? 
 [Scoffs] 
 Don't be stupid. 
 I just mean that there's a crazy man out there, and he's killing women. 
 Wait, you mean that girl again, that Satanic thing? 
 Everyone's still talking about that at the courthouse. 
 It's not just her. 
 There's more. 
 There's more? 
 Really? 
 Yeah, well, we're not saying, keeping it out of the press, but... we're thinking that he's been doing this a while. 
 Wow. 
 Yeah, so no need to go out. 
 You just have a drink here. 
 I can't meet a nice man at home. 
 That hurts me when you speak to me in a passive-aggressive way. 
 I always talk straight to you. 
 Excuse me. I meant that since you're married, I need to be considering my options as a young woman. 
 [Sighs] 
 I want things, Marty. 
 [Chuckles] 
 I want things, too. 
 Yeah, you just want your cake and to eat it, too. 
 How good is cake if you can't eat it? 
 Mmm. 
 Morning. 
 Hey, I think I might have found something good. 
 Bunny ranch down south, round Spanish Lake. 
 I thought we were pulling old johns today. 
 Yeah, we should do this first. 
 [Sniffs] 
 What? 
 You wash up. 
 You got some pussy on you. 
 Key to a healthy marriage. 
 Oh, that's Maggie, huh? 
 Hey. 
 What's with your f*cking nose? 
 Nothing, man. 
 Sorry. Forget it. 
 I get a connotation being implied here about my wife? 
 Are you saying that's wife, that high tide you're walking in with? 
 [Bangs against locker] 
 You got some idea how my wife's pussy's supposed to smell? 
 No, I just meant you're wearing the same clothes as you did yesterday, coupled with the fact that I ain't stupid. 
 Wasn't making no comment as to the... particularity of the scent. 
 You don't say fuck-all about my wife. 
 Don't say her name. 
 You got some self-loathing to do this morning, that's fine, but it ain't worth losing your hands over. 
 How would that work, exactly? 
 Well, I'd just apply a couple pounds of pressure, snap your wrists. 
 You're Senior Detective. 
 Think I'm lying? 
 [Bangs against locker] 
 You got a specific location for this place or are we just gonna wander around till we find it? 
 COHLE: We got some names. 
 I'm gonna have to ask for directions. 
 Maybe you could just follow your nose. 
 HART VOICE-OVER: Wherever he picked them up, I mean, I won't lie. 
 However we left it, he had some moves. 
 He knew a few CIs from his narco days. 
 They knew these parts, put us in touch with some names, people to talk to. 
 
 
 
 COHLE: How we doing, boys? 
 Hey. 
 Hello. 
 We're looking for a little bunny ranch down around these parts. 
 Y'all know where we could find it? 
 No, sir. 
 Never heard about it? 
 Little whorehouse? 
 Nuh-uh. 
 Sorry, man. 
 Supposed to be stuck up in the woods around here? 
 HART VOICE-OVER: And I'll tell you this, Rust had about as sharp an eye for weakness as I ever seen. 
 I'll be right back. 
 [Sniffs] 
 It's my bad, boys. 
 Think we got started on the wrong foot there. 
 Aah! 
 [Grunts] 
 Aah! 
 You remember where that little whorehouse is, huh? 
 ♪ 
 [Sniffs] 
 Take 353 South. 
 Gonna exit off the shoulder before we get to the 14. 
 From there, we take a dirt fishing road to Bayou Chenault. 
 Okay. 
 [Engine turns over] 
 ♪ 
 HART: That it? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 DISTANT WOMAN: Cop car, y'all. 
 Just trying to get some freebies. 
 DISTANT WOMAN: I don't do no cops... 
 HART: Hello, ma'am. 
 Martin Hart, Rustin Cohle... State CID. 
 This your place? 
 It's my lease. 
 What is this, some kind of hillbilly bunny ranch? 
 WOMAN: Excuse me? 
 You might want to talk to Sheriff Bilson 
 'fore you start tossin' accusations around. 
 No, I ain't got nothing against hillbillies. 
 HART: Relax. That's not why we're here. We, uh, well, something happened to a girl, and we need to know if any of you knew her. 
 Yeah. That's Dori. 
 Somethin' happened? 
 You know about that woman found outside of Erath? 
 Oh, no. 
 WOMAN: Did something happen to Dori? 
 HART: Were you pretty good friends with her? 
 She was nice to me when I first came around. 
 Gave me tips and stuff. 
 Tips? About what? 
 Nothin'. 
 You know, just how to be. 
 You got any idea where she might have been staying the last few weeks? 
 I don't. 
 Her ex is in prison. 
 I guess maybe she got a new place. 
 She'd been going to church. 
 I was hoping maybe she just turned things around. 
 We're gonna need to question any girls might have known her. 
 [Scoffs] 
 That's a tougher ask than you think. 
 Folks'll be stayin' away, they hear y'all are out here. 
 Well, ma'am, it's the best way to get us to leave. 
 [Sighs] 
 You said she left a bag. 
 Yeah. 
 Can I see it? 
 Sure. 
 [Door closes] 
 That girl's not 18. 
 The sheriff know you got underage working here? 
 What do you know about where that girl's been, where she come from? 
 You want to know Beth's situation, 'fore she ran out on her uncle? 
 There are other places she could go. 
 [Scoffs] 
 Such holy bullshit from you. 
 It's a woman's body, ain't it? 
 A woman's choice. 
 Well, she don't look like a woman to me. 
 At that age, she is not equipped to make those kind of choices. 
 But I guess you don't give a sh1t what kind of damage she's doing to herself, as long as you're making your money. 
 Girls walk this Earth all the time screwin' for free. 
 Now, why is it you add business to the mix, and boys like you can't stand the thought? 
 I'll tell you. 
 It's 'cause suddenly you don't own it the way you thought you did. 
 [Door opens] 
 COHLE: Ahem. 
 COHLE: Ma'am, you've both been very helpful. 
 We'll be in touch. 
 Yes, thank you... for your help. 
 Do something else. 
 That a down payment? 
 Is sh1tting on any moment of decency part of your job description? 
 COHLE: "I closed my eyes and saw the king in yellow moving through the forest." 
 This is her diary, Marty. 
 Believe this sh1t. 
 A girl that young. 
 You know the sheriff has got a stake in this place, too. 
 f*cking Christ. 
 "The king's children were marked. 
 They became his angels." 
 [Engine turns over] 
 COHLE: The yellow king, Carcosa. 
 Nut job. 
 Fried her brain on whatever she was on. 
 Sounds like she didn't have much to begin with. 
 Well, it reads like a fantasy. 
 What if he was dosing her regular, and over a period of time, upping the dose little by little without her knowing it? 
 We should stay out here today, check around for johns maybe knew her. 
 Look at this. 
 Oh, yeah. 
 Man, a lot of these type places. 
 Expect the flock to canvass for 'em. 
 You know, we should go there. 
 Could be the church everyone mentioned. 
 Well, let's check around for johns while we're out here and pick up the church on Monday. 
 GILBOUGH VOICE-OVER: Most of your stuff's still redacted. 
 Now, what's Northshore? 
 Northshore Psychiatric Hospital, Lubbock, Texas. 
 I spent 4 months there in '93. 
 You feel like talking about that? 
 Well, sure. 
 Who gives a sh1t? 
 Sofia... my daughter. 
 She was on her tricycle in our driveway. Um... 
 We lived down a... where a little bend in the road, and... 
 They said that... 
 Anyway, afterwards, uh, Claire and I turned on each other, you know? 
 We... we resented each other being alive, you know? 
 I transferred from robbery to narco. 
 Started hitting it, you know, 24/7. 
 Street rips, knocking down doors, and within 3 months I was ripping off couriers or ending up in a Ramada Inn with a couple of f*ckin' eight-balls. 
 Oh, yeah. 
 Somewhere in there, Claire left, and somewhere in there, I emptied a 9 into a crankhead for injecting his infant daughter with crystal. 
 Said he was trying to purify her. 
 State attorney gave me one chance to stay out of jail. 
 He said, "You can keep your profile, but we want to make you our wild man junkie." 
 So they did. They made me a floater, like a trick. 
 You know, any agency or department needed a deep undercover narco, they got me, and there was no f*ckin' expiration date, baby. 
 And they kept you out there for 4 years? 
 [Exhales] 
 Mm-hmm. 
 And then, February of '93, I killed 3 cartel men in Port Houston. 
 I took three 25s in the side and ended up at Northshore Psychiatric Hospital in Lubbock, Texas, which is kind of funny in its own rite... psych ward being in Lubbock, Texas. Heh! 
 You ever been there? They offered me a psych pension. 
 Jackpot, right? 
 And I said no. 
 I said, "Put me on homicide somewhere." 
 By then, I was owed quite a few favors, and, uh, Louisiana was what they had. 
 COHLE VOICE-OVER: Yeah, for a long time after, I... I didn't really sleep. 
 Nightmares, PTSD, exhausted nerves, whatever. 
 Yeah. 
 Why homicide? 
 Oh, something I saw at Northshore. 
 Quote from Corinthians. 
 "The body is not one member, but many." 
 "Now are they many, but... of one body." 
 What's that mean, though? 
 I was just trying to stay a part of the body now. Heh! 
 MACIE: The fishing pole's not working. 
 Just ask Grandpa. 
 No. 
 Yeah. 
 Grandpa, I can't tell if it's working. 
 GRANDPA: You'll know, honey. 
 It'll yank at you hard. 
 Okay. 
 Why don't you... 
 How's that case going? 
 The big one? 
 Working it, you know. 
 Things like that didn't happen these parts when I was young. 
 People said "ma'am" and "sir." 
 Families stayed together. 
 [Sighs] 
 Yeah, that's how it was, huh? 
 Not all the time. 
 There was more dignity. 
 Everyone wasn't out in the street, yelling about their rights. 
 Well, if things were so great, they never would have changed. 
 Hmm. 
 Nothing is going on. 
 I'm just saying, if there's a problem, you can talk to me. 
 You know that. 
 If I have a problem with someone, I talk to them, Ma. 
 Well, you should be able to talk to me. 
 I know what it's like to be married to a man. 
 You think they're all the same, huh? 
 I don't know why you're so rude to me. 
 If you're frustrated, don't take it out on me. 
 I think that you need to get your cable fixed and stop confusing me with your soap operas. 
 Well, you beat up on what you can't control. 
 Makes it bad for everybody else. 
 MACIE: - I don't know how. 
 AUDREY: - I don't care. Just try. 
 You do it. 
 I can't. 
 You have smaller fingers. 
 Macie, just do it. 
 So you're telling me the world isn't getting worse? 
 I seen kids today, all in black, wearing makeup, sh1t on their faces. 
 Everything's s*x. 
 Clinton. 
 You know, throughout history, I bet every old man probably said the same thing. 
 And old men die, and the world keeps spinning. 
 How are the girls? 
 I got this lead... 
 I got this lead I wanted to check up on. 
 I told you about it. 
 Maybe your dad could bring you back. 
 MAGGIE: - No. 
 You didn't tell me anything about it. 
 This is a family day. 
 I did tell you about it. 
 I mentioned it. 
 It's the new case. 
 Okay, well, how about we all head back, then? 
 Hmm. All right, sweetheart. 
 Come on! Let's go! 
 MACIE: My line's tangled. 
 MAGGIE: Just paddle in. 
 Okay. Told you! 
 MAGGIE: Thanks for the lovely afternoon. 
 GRANDPA: Oh. 
 Thank you. 
 ♪ 
 [Knocks on door] 
 Afternoon, sir. 
 How you doing today, Officer? 
 I have a question for you. 
 You ever seen this girl? 
 You never seen her before? 
 Never before. 
 Hm-mmm, not here. 
 [Camera shutter clicks] 
 ♪ 
 Question. 
 I'm looking for this young lady. 
 You recognize her? 
 I might need a memory jog. 
 Dora. 
 Young blonde? 
 Dora. Dora, Dora, Dora, Dora. 
 Dora. 
 Have any guys come around lately, looking for anything more than a good time? 
 You might be able to remember for a little more money? 
 I might. 
 You might? 
 ♪ 
 [Ice cubes clink] 
 Years we've been through this. 
 Sweetheart, listen to me. 
 There is nowhere else I want to be. 
 [Scoffs] 
 I wonder if you even know you're lying. 
 Oh, come on! 
 Shh. 
 Bad enough, the sh1t I got to wade through on a daily basis, bring me this 
 "feel bad for me" crap when I work 30 hours straight and spent the weekend listening to your dad's bullshit? 
 I come home, the one place where there's supposed to be peace and ca... and you throw this sh1t... 
 Who told you that? 
 It's not always that way. 
 It's not supposed to be. 
 It's supposed to be what I want, it's supposed to help me. 
 We do help you! 
 All the goddamn time! 
 Okay, well, what do you want me to say? 
 You want me to talk about the woman, had antlers? 
 Do you want me to tell you about the kids disappearing, and maybe you'll stop with the 
 "poor me" little whiny bullshit? 
 [Loud slam] 
 Is that what you're saying, hmm? 
 That I'm trying to make you feel bad for me? 
 Is that really how you want to play this? 
 No, honey. 
 I think you're the greatest woman I ever met, and you're the greatest thing that ever happened to me. 
 But, yeah, you know, sometimes I think you might have a penchant for self-pity. 
 And right now, I need you to be strong so that I can do my job. 
 You have developed some sort of selective deafness. 
 You used to not be such a chicken sh1t, I swear. 
 Even your mom thinks you're a ball-buster. 
 Tell the girls dinner. 
 Mmm. 
 AUDREY: You don't have a mommy or daddy anymore. 
 Yours just died in an accident. 
 MACIE: How? 
 In a car accident. 
 Someone... 
 Dinnertime, kids. 
 Go to the kitchen. 
 Are you coming? 
 Yeah, of course. 
 I'm starving. 
 Really? 
 Yeah, really. 
 [Giggles] - Good. 
 COHLE VOICE-OVER: You know how I think about my daughter now? 
 You know what... what she was spared? 
 Sometimes I feel grateful. 
 [Sighs] 
 Doctors said she didn't feel a thing. 
 Went straight into a coma, and then, somewhere in that... blackness, she slipped off into another, deeper kind. 
 Isn't that a beautiful way to go out? Heh! 
 Painlessly, as a happy child. 
 COHLE: Hmm. 
 Yeah, trouble with... dying later is you've already grown up. 
 Heh! Damage is done. 
 It's too late. 
 [Sighs] 
 You got kids? 
 Mmm. 
 Well, you got the hubris it must take to... yank a soul out of nonexistence into this meat. 
 And to force a life into this thresher. 
 And as for my daughter, she, uh... she spared me the sin of being a father. 
 HART: Hey, Cathleen, you little vixen. 
 [Cathleen giggles] 
 Any chance of some coffee? 
 Of course. 
 Okay. 
 Who are these guys? 
 Some assholes Quesada brought in. 
 Coffee on its way. 
 COHLE: - Hey, morning, Marty. 
 Hey. 
 Major's introducing me. 
 New flying squad. 
 QUESADA: You know Mark Daughtry, Ted Bertrand. 
 Daughtry. 
 Ted. 
 Jimmy Dufrene. 
 Jimmy Dufrene. 
 What's up? 
 BERTRAND: We've been tasked with investigating crimes with possible occult links. 
 There's been a rash of animal mutilations, cemeteries defiled. 
 And they want to see what we have on the Lange case. - Uh-huh. 
 QUESADA: Well, this task force is important to the Commander and to the Governor's Office. 
 You know, a lot of people are concerned about it. 
 You know, me, I don't see the connection between two dead cats and a murdered woman. 
 But then, I'm from Texas. 
 Heh! 
 We're not stepping on your toes, Marty. 
 We just got the mandate. We got to compare notes with what you got. 
 HART: Yeah. 
 CATHLEEN: - Here you are, Detective. 
 No. Oh. 
 Thanks, Cathleen. 
 You got it. 
 Xerox all you want. 
 Make you feel like good cops. 
 You two, my office. 
 QUESADA: Cohle, we got a new rule around here, especially for you. 
 You got an opinion about anything, you hold on to it. 
 You hold on to it or you tell it to Marty. 
 Otherwise, button your big, fat mouth. 
 However smart you are, you're not as smart as you think. 
 Be serious, boss. 
 This God-bothering sh1t. 
 It's a political circle-jerk. 
 You know this. 
 Is this a place you live? 
 Where are you, huh? 
 You had anything in the last weeks? 
 You got a suspect? 
 Give us some more guys to follow up KAs, track records. 
 No, our bosses don't want you at all, you understand? 
 I don't want you. 
 You are upright only by the grace of this man's reputation. 
 Goddamn, Cohle. 
 How many ways are there for me to say, "Shut the f*ck up"? 
 I mean, we work under command, right? 
 Now, our betters want a public, high-profile show of response. 
 sh1t, I got a state senator, he's trying to label Satanic graffiti as a hate crime. 
 That has nothing to do with our DB, and that's the fact of it. 
 Okay, okay. Fine. 
 Let's say that's true, all right? 
 Let's say that you guys get the case all to yourselves. 
 You ever solve a murder, been in the red more than a week? 
 You ever clear one where two rounds of questions didn't hand you the f*cking answer? 
 HART: - Oh, come on... 
 No, no, you got leads, you got a timeline. 
 You know what I got? 
 I got a whodunit where my two detectives are stalling, and I got a brand-new task force wants to take it off our hands. 
 We have a lead... 
 Oh, for Christ's sake. 
 f*ck off, Cohle. 
 [Quesada sighs] 
 Christ. 
 It's your call. 
 You want to dump this one off? 
 You know, I'd think about it, given the spotlight. 
 You know, Teddy Bertrand's a good detective. 
 You know him. 
 Well, you're a smart-ass with your mouth shut. 
 I was just gonna say we've got a lead on a church. 
 Our vic was spending a lot of time there. 
 That's where we were headed. 
 It could be the break we need. 
 Inside, whatever they're putting over you, how much more time could you get us? 
 Right now, it's up for discussion, but, you know, Tuttle's lighting a fire under this. 
 Without a suspect, they're just gonna stop asking questions, Marty, and they're gonna give orders. 
 That's that. 
 Give us the rest of the month before they lump it into whatever the play is with the task force, yeah? 
 I'll try. 
 Two weeks, and then you two start catching again. 
 Yeah. 
 HART VOICE-OVER: Let's cut to the point. 
 As the crow flies, y'all are wanting to ask about that big throwdown in the woods, yeah? 
 Eventually, sure. 
 Right now, we're just trying to track the case. 
 How Cohle worked it, especially. 
 Which indicates you think I'm too thick to realize that y'all are trying to jam somebody up. 
 You're on to something new. 
 GILBOUGH: So Cohle didn't want to give it to the task force. 
 Did you? 
 No, I did not. 
 ♪ 
 HART: It don't make sense. 
 There is nothing out here. 
 According to this map, it should be within these few miles. 
 Well... ahem... I guess if it's one of those tent revival places, they move around. 
 Yeah. 
 Tents usually do. 
 There's no date on this flyer, which is strange. 
 Something up there. 
 PAPANIA VOICE-OVER: Wait, wait, back up. 
 Are you saying you were hallucinating on the job? 
 Mmm. 
 No. I mean, I could always tell what was real or what wasn't, you know. 
 So when I'd see things, like, man, I'd just... [Whistles]-- roll with it. 
 You still see things? 
 No. 
 No, they stopped altogether after I was clean a couple years. 
 HART: No numbers on this place. 
 Fire must have happened a long time ago. 
 HART: Okay. 
 Place is trashed. 
 This ain't no kinda anything. 
 COHLE VOICE-OVER: Yeah, back then, the visions. 
 Yeah, most of the time, I was convinced that I'd lost it. 
 Marty? 
 COHLE VOICE-OVER: But there were other times... 
 I thought I was mainlining the secret truth of the universe. 
 ♪ 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 