Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 03x04 - The Hour and the Day - True Detective 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 03x04 - The Hour and the Day https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=185&t=32979 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/28/19 17:18 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 03x04 - The Hour and the Day 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 We need to reexamine it all. 
  It's like a thing staring right at us. 
  The Purcells said they were gonna play with their neighbor. 
  The Boyle kid. 
  What were they really doing? 
  Looks like the kids had this play area hidden out in the forest. 
  Found these toys there. 
  They were meeting somebody? 
  Like some adult? 
  - What's this? 
  - That's Will's first communion. 
  It's the same. 
  What are you coming around the kids for? 
  I've seen those kids before. 
  You see anybody else? 
  Car out here a couple times. 
  Another former resident noticed the car because it was new and upscale and no one ever came back to question him. 
  This points to serious flaws in the investigation from the beginning. 
  Two months ago. 
  Burglary. 
  One set of prints hit. 
  Julie Purcell's. 
  Her prints were found just on the shells. 
  Looks like she was probably a customer. 
  Do not come bouncing in here, giddy about this sh1t. 
  New task force. 
  I'm in charge. 
  You feel like maybe being a detective again? 
  For whoever desires to save his life will lose it, but whoever loses his life for my sake will save it. 
  I will never leave the gathered regiment, nor flee from any battle. 
  And I give them eternal life. 
  And they shall never perish. 
  Neither shall anyone snatch them out of my hand. 
  Now what is this about? 
  We didn't do classes, my first communion. 
  Why are the children posed this way? 
  Prayerful repose signifies their innocence and rebirth in Christ. 
  And why does Will have his eyes closed? 
  I don't know. 
  I suppose he blinked. 
  Who took these pictures? 
  I did. 
  The youth group Had you talked much with the kids about their activities outside the church? 
  Ever about their home lives, new acquaintances? 
  I didn't often see their parents at service, and it usually was just the father, Tom. 
  Actually, last I saw her, Julie had been excited about seeing an aunt? 
  She doesn't have any aunts. 
  Tell you anything about this aunt? 
  Description? 
  Something might draw notice? 
  She told the woman's name. 
  I-I wish I could recollect it. 
  We'd be grateful for names, other people who worked with the youth group. 
  Like to get some fingerprints too. 
  Certainly. 
  Any of this stuff look familiar? 
  That's a chaff doll. 
  Patty Faber makes them for our fall fair, first week in October. 
  She's a dear, good woman, I can tell you. 
  You were Catholic. 
  Do you attend services? 
  Sometimes. 
  Remiss of late. 
  I was an altar boy, little country church in Conway. 
  Well, even abiding in the dark, we implore a steadfast faith, assured His hand is at work. 
  Anything else about the kids? 
  Just that they were sweet children, and they looked out for each other. 
  I don't like him. 
  The priest. 
  And I know his alibi's good, but I don't like him. 
  Man signs up to go without f*ckin' for life Either he don't know himself for a liar, or he's some tight, limited edition psycho, you know? 
  I mean, everybody's f*ckin' somethin'. 
  You can imagine that little boy looking out for his sister, huh? 
  He was trying to defend her. 
  That's what happened to him. 
  Maybe whoever they were playing with in the woods Maybe this new aunt or whoever They never wanted the boy. 
  My feeling it was all about the girl. 
  Catholic, huh? 
  Yep. 
  We were Baptist. 
  Had a good buddy in the war. 
  Baptist. 
  What happened to him? 
  Look forward to meeting Patty Faber. 
  A dear, good woman. 
  Yes, I'm pretty sure these are mine. 
  Just little things I do. 
  Somebody bought 'em. 
  Do you know who? 
  Well, the last I sold these myself was at the fair in October. 
  I'd only sold a couple, and then one man bought ten off me. 
  That was nice. 
  You know who he was? 
  You remember anything about him? 
  Didn't recognize him. 
  Negro man, like yourself. 
  Oh, he had a dead eye. 
  Filmy, you know, like a cataracts? 
  Nothing 'bout his face besides the eye? 
  Handsome, ugly? 
  Well, like I say, uh, he was black. 
  You speak to him at all? 
  He say what the dolls were for? 
  Well, I asked, and I think he said he had nieces and nephews. 
  That man any chance he mentioned where they live? 
  No. 
  Well, I just assume that would have been with the rest of them over the tracks in Davis Junction. 
  Thank you, ma'am. 
  Oh. 
  Special Investigator. 
  New detail. 
  Roland's in charge, he wants me on it. 
  They're reopening the Purcell case. 
  How 'bout that, right? 
  Yeah, but this time we get to close it. 
  Actually get to do my job again. 
  Good. 
  I'm happy for you. 
  That what happy looks like? 
  I've been doing it wrong all these years. 
  I'm happy for you like you were happy for me the other night. 
  Oh. 
  Oh, good. 
  'Cause of course no mistake, no slip of temper could possibly occur without me paying double interest for it at a later date. 
  You could just apologize. 
  I'm sorry. 
  I'm sorry I haven't expressed better how inadequate and useless I've been made to feel. 
  Yeah, "made to feel. 
  " You're this person things just happen to. 
  Your job, your marriage your family, your feelings Everything's just happening to you. 
  You're this grown man with no agency of his own. 
  Fate just keeps throwing him curveballs. 
  How awful for you, these trials and vicissitudes. 
  Look it up. 
  When have I ever not been stand-up for you and our family? 
  I try, you see me tryin'. 
  There's guys, they're barely around. 
  They get girlfriends. 
  I wish you would. 
  Get a girlfriend, please. 
  I'm not the one my head in the clouds the last five years. 
  "Oh, I'm 'on be a great writer. 
  Let me just use this awful tragedy to take myself on to better things," because you always gotta be on your way to better things. 
  'Least I have some kind of drive. 
  I can't even say what moves you anymore. 
  I think you stay upright out of habit. 
  This walking wounded, poor me. 
  Let me ask you something. 
  You guys okay? 
  Yeah, Dad. 
  Do not talk sh1t to my face and walk away. 
  I don't want to be around you right now. 
  You want me to leave you alone, then stop talking sh1t. 
  'Cause when you talk sh1t about me, I'm required to defend myself. 
  How can you defend yourself? 
  You can't defend yourself because you don't know what's wrong. 
  Did the wife in your scenario play any part in the conflict, any role the last ten years? 
  Let go of me, Wayne. 
  Stop talkin' sh1t about me. 
  Or what? 
  Or I'm gonna start cryin'. 
  Well, that's a first. 
  Thinking we can't understand each other. 
  We're never gonna. 
  Oh, great, Wayne. 
  Walk away. 
  Surprise, surprise. 
  Well, what do you want me to do, huh? 
  You want me to yell some more? 
  You want me to hit you? 
  You want me to f*ck you? 
  Just give me my orders, Major. 
  I want to finish this. 
  All on your schedule, I guess. 
  Be happy when you say. 
  Fight when you say. 
  Talk when you say. 
  f*ck every so often. 
  Well, how 'bout right now? 
  What? 
  How 'bout right now? 
  You got some major cognitive dissonance. 
  Guess we 'bout six years old, huh? 
  I don't think bad of you. 
  What I was saying I didn't mean that. 
  Me neither. 
  Want to just do a house-to-house? 
  That'd be fun. 
  I thought we'd just start at the liquor store. 
  Pretty f*ckin' racist, man. 
  And it's one of three businesses here 'cause nobody uses it. 
  Let's flip for it. 
  All we know, man's got a dead eye. 
  Filmy-like. 
  Sound like anybody in the community? 
  Having us owe you a favor could be worthwhile, find yourself in a difficult position ever, police. 
  He's always been a good customer, but you talkin' 'bout that dead eye. 
  Sam Whitehead got one of them. 
  Where's he live? 
  That trailer park off of Central Avenue. 
  Mr. 
  Whitehead. 
  Wonder could we talk to you a minute. 
  Well, what's this about? 
  Could we step inside, sir? 
  I'd rather stay out here, if it's all the same to you. 
  You ever go to mass? 
  St. 
  Michael's church? 
  No, I go to First Presbyterian. 
  You go to their church fair, maybe? 
  Buy some dolls made out of straw? 
  What? 
  No! 
  What the hell is this? 
  What y'all tryin' to do to me? 
  Just runnin' down a coupla details. 
  Case we're workin'. 
  Dead boy, missin' girl. 
  You mighta seen it in the papers. 
  White children. 
  If it's in the paper, it's white children. 
  Knowin' we're not gonna solve the racial complexities of our day here in your front yard, maybe you could tell us where you were the night of the 7th? 
  Where was I? 
  Where you tryin' to say I was? 
  Y'all come over here! 
  Come watch these nefarious men, what they's tryin' to do to me! 
  And you How you gonna wear that badge? 
  It's got a little clip on it. 
  Off on the wrong foot here. 
  It's just a few questions, Mr. 
  Whitehead. 
  Why y'all messin' with old Sam? 
  - Leave him alone. 
  - Be cool, y'all. 
  It's nothin'. 
  So far. 
  Might not stay that way, certain people don't back the f*ck up. 
  - Knock it off with that sh1t. 
  - Y'all heard that? 
  Peckerwood lookin' to shoot somebody! 
  Ain't nobody call for the po-lice. 
  Where were you the night of the 7th? 
  Right here. 
  My house. 
  They tryin' to fix me up! 
  Them white children on the news! 
  You know they tryin' to put that on a nigger! 
  Goddamn it, calm the f*ck down! 
  Hey, hey! 
  No, no! 
  Roland! 
  Stir up enough of this sh1t, somebody gon' get hurt. 
  And brother, it ain't gon' be us. 
  You talk to us here or at the station But you're talkin'. 
  Lookin' for a black male with one dead eye. 
  You know anybody like that, Sam? 
  I don't know what you're talkin' about. 
  I work for a goddamn living! 
  Two jobs, when I can get 'em! 
  I haul freight for the railroad, and I trap. 
  You fittin' to shoot me now? 
  You spend any time at Devil's Den? 
  I do not. 
  Anybody verify you were here the night of the 7th? 
  Most of the people on my goddamn lawn! 
  I ain't the only one-eyed nigger in these parts! 
  Farm work, killin' line at the chicken plant. 
  You know anybody else with one eye? 
  Half the M*therf*ckers out here missin' fingers, toes, ear, somethin'! 
  Go ahead and shoot me now. 
  See how this goes first. 
  - Come out here! 
  - Take it easy. 
  Nobody gettin' hurt today. 
  Tell 'em, Mr. 
  Whitehead. 
  It's all right so far, y'all. 
  But everybody be careful. 
  This white man wanna shoot somebody. 
  Don't take it personally. 
  Oh, that's f*ckin' perfect! 
  Believe this sh1t? 
  I mean, bit of an overreaction, don't ya think? 
  Would you've done it? 
  Would you've shot one of 'em? 
  If I thought it was between him and me. 
  And no, I could give a f*ck what color he was. 
  Sure about that? 
  Fact these were black folks probably gave me more pause. 
  Mob of white people surrounds me, smashes up my ride, be a lot less hesitation what I'd do. 
  Can we say this was anonymous vandals? 
  We're not goin' with "irate Negros"? 
  When I was on the force in the '80s, that woman could do more pushups than anybody in the department. 
  - Hey. 
  - All right. 
  She here's a good woman. 
  We had a fat guy that smoked Viceroys one after another in my day. 
  What's goin' on, Dad? 
  Why didn't you call? 
  - I'd have come to you. 
  - Take it easy. 
  I didn't drive. 
  I grabbed a bus. 
  I'm just sayin', you take a bus, what happens, you forget to get off? 
  What happens, you don't remember why you even got on? 
  I hold down this button. 
  It calls you. 
  Think I oughta walk around with a note or somethin'? 
  Whatever you think is best. 
  I don't wanna get arrogant with this thing. 
  What ya got there? 
  Oh. 
  You know, I I been workin' on this thing. 
  Writin'. 
  About the case. 
  Both times, the first one and the second. 
  - Mm-hmm. 
  - Well, so I been goin' through old files and writin' stuff down, and recording stuff, so I remember. 
  What's the point, you lookin' at old case notes? 
  Writin's been good for me. 
  Maybe I got a book in there or somethin', or maybe it's nothin' and don't mean anything, but it's been good for me. 
  My head, I mean. 
  You don't need to do that show anymore. 
  I'm not talkin' about the show. 
  It's me. 
  It's my life. 
  Tell myself the story, I tell the case in steps, and I'm rememberin'. 
  Rememberin' my life. 
  Goin' along with all that, I found a coupla people and details I was wonderin' if maybe you could look up for me. 
  Man, Dad, I don't think so. 
  I really need your help here. 
  Where else I'm gonna go than Detective Hays? 
  Look at it. 
  Just a few names and people I'd like to see where they ended up and never got around to gettin' everything from. 
  And Roland. 
  What I really need is for you to find Roland. 
  Roland? 
  Jesus, Dad, come on. 
  I need his memory, son. 
  I'm bein' straight with you, man to man. 
  Knowin' I had a place here, as you do. 
  This right now is my way of stayin' alive. 
  This can't be a habit or anything, all right? 
  Yes, sir. 
  Thank you, son. 
  Roland, um he's not dead, is he? 
  I guess I'll find out. 
  How are you otherwise? 
  One of my good days. 
  Pretty clear. 
  Be a good day for that director to catch me. 
  You seen her since? 
  The director? 
  Elisa? 
  Uh since the last day, I mean? 
  No, not since she pulled that sh1t, criticizin' the investigation. 
  Okay, son. 
  Now look, Dad, I'm gonna see what I can do about some of these, and I'll try to find where Roland is, if he's still around. 
  I appreciate it. 
  Come on, Pop. 
  I'll drive you back. 
  Uh-huh. 
  Yeah, that's right. 
  Yes, sir. 
  Well, that'd be my preference, and you'd have my gratitude. 
  Thank you, now. 
  We're good with Sallisaw PD. 
  Roland. 
  Major. 
  Lieutenant West. 
  Mr. 
  Attorney General. 
  Roland, A. 
  G. 
  Kindt wanted to reiterate our cause. 
  All the evidence at the time pointed to the Purcell girl bein' dead. 
  And whether or not this was the case, state and county offices remain convinced of the man's guilt. 
  The mandate of this unit is to vindicate the original conviction for Will Purcell's murder. 
  Understood. 
  Hmm. 
  Officer Hays, I know it's been some time since you've been involved in an investigative unit. 
  Roland had to do considerable campaigning to get you to, uh, be a part of this. 
  I'm hopin' your involvement does not portend to any damage to his reputation. 
  And I further hope, Officer, that you might use this new role to redeem an unfortunately stunted career. 
  I'm committed to fulfillin' the mandates just described to us, sir. 
  Good. 
  This is all brought to conclusion, I could imagine you back at Major Crimes. 
  Sir. 
  We're not gonna do any of that sh1t they just said, right? 
  Wasn't plannin' on it. 
  How right that today His Word to us promises justice. 
  Promises us liberation from the weight of time and flesh. 
  And He tells us today, the reading from Malachi Justice is not ours to deliver. 
  Justice is not in our power; it is in His. 
  Having said as much, I would like to ask you all for your help today. 
  After services, the police will have set up some tables, and I dearly hope you will assist them. 
  Right hand. 
  Mm-hmm. 
  I didn't see no one-eyed brother, but I'll tell ya this: there's some serious ass up in here. 
  I gotta get back to church. 
  Well, don't mind me. 
  I'll just hang back. 
  Excuse me! 
  Miss? 
  Thanks for helpin' us with this. 
  I don't know anybody'd do it without your askin'. 
  Of course. 
  We'll keep it up through Sunday. 
  I noticed you didn't take the Eucharist. 
  I'd need to hit confession first. 
  Would you like to confess now? 
  I reckon I'll let it pile up a little more. 
  Can you tell me, any member of your congregation a black man with a dead eye? 
  - Like a cataract? 
  - Offhand, I don't believe so, but we have over a thousand parishioners, and I regret to say only a small portion are African-American. 
  Thing of it is, Father, we're about ninety percent sure whoever took Julie, hurt Will, they're one of y'all's. 
  I find it difficult to believe that anyone here could do something like that. 
  They don't exactly wear signboards, say "psycho-killer. 
  " Be a great help to us, keep an eye out. 
  Maybe ask around about the man I described. 
  I'll certainly try, and pray to be of use. 
  I really would like to hear your confession, Detective. 
  I get to feelin' penitent, I'll let you know. 
  I think faith is one of the most important things there is, you ask me. 
  Well, that's nice. 
  - Ready? 
  - Yeah. 
  I'll see ya next week, Miss Lori. 
  - See you then. 
  - All right. 
  Holy Spirit workin' out for you? 
  God is love, brother God is love. 
  - Beer man. 
  - Hmm. 
  Only when I need my wits about me. 
  I started thinking Will's death Could it have been an accident? 
  I'm sorry, I shouldn't bring your office home. 
  - It's okay. 
  - My whole life, I speak, I regret. 
  Never regret on my account. 
  How'd you do with California? 
  It was all steers and queers, man. 
  Lotta people ideas lotta confusion. 
  Figure that stops at the state lines? 
  Good bit of that confusion was mine. 
  Can I tell you a secret? 
  I used to be something of a mess. 
  That might be the least surprisin' thing I've ever heard. 
  What about you? 
  Your clip-on ties as crazy as you get? 
  Oh, God, no. 
  But I'd like to pretend normal with you for as long as I can. 
  So later on, it'll be a surprise. 
  How much later on were you thinking? 
  I found this spot they played in the woods. 
  They were meetin' somebody The kids out there. 
  Somebody gave 'em toys. 
  It's where the boy died. 
  The way Will's body was How you were saying the toys It's almost as if there was an element of affection in it, don't you think? 
  People who hurt kids think of themselves as having affection for the children, even up to the fuckin'-'em- and-murderin'-'em part. 
  You want a do-over? 
  Where do they give those out? 
  Tell me about your family. 
  Mom was country. 
  Chopped wood, killed chickens, build you a barn. 
  Worked a farm as a domestic. 
  I worked the fields, time I was eight. 
  Dad? 
  You need to get that information somewheres else. 
  You? 
  Me what? 
  I'd like a full presentation on your background. 
  Keepin' in mind I'm a trained interrogator. 
  Uh-huh. 
  - You're my first police. 
  - Hm. 
  You gonna rough me up? 
  Nowhere on my list of things to do with ya. 
  You got a list? 
  More detailed by the minute. 
  I didn't mean to overstep. 
  I'm sorry. 
  You apologize a lot? 
  I could start. 
  When was the last time you had a girlfriend? 
  I don't know. 
  Memories of other women are gettin' hazy now. 
  Oh, brother. 
  You hear about cops being pussy hounds. 
  I don't like that word. 
  Unless it's describing a man. 
  What word do you use? 
  "Dick holster. 
  " You never answered. 
  You see many girls? 
  Hmm. 
  Sometimes. 
  Don't seem to last for long, though. 
  I don't plan it that way. 
  I have a mental handicap. 
  The other stuff don't work for me without this. 
  Wanna trace fingers? 
  That can be kinda fun. 
  I'd like to make you laugh. 
  I'll have to catch my breath. 
  sh1t, you're pretty good at this. 
  I can see you being a real dog. 
  That's down to you. 
  I have no idea what I'm doin'. 
  He started hollerin' Broke a glass, made some accusations, Took a swing at Kenny. 
  Had your card from when y'all talked to me. 
  What's goin' on, Mr. 
  Purcell? 
  Doin' my Bozo the Clown act, since everybody thinks I'm so f*ckin' funny. 
  She was f*ckin' him, ya know. 
  Her boss. 
  sh1t, you're a detective you probably figured that out already. 
  Why didn't you call his wife? 
  Lucy's got enough problems right now. 
  Could press charges on ya, Tom but I sympathize, what your family's goin' through. 
  f*ck you. 
  I'm such a joke. 
  You didn't need the one nigger cop on the job to help babysit me? 
  He's the best detective on the case. 
  Tryin' to find your daughter. 
  I apologize. 
  That word I used. 
  Your pal wanted to kick my ass, he'd have the right. 
  You've gotten your ass kicked enough for now. 
  You takin' me home? 
  Yeah. 
  I can't be in that house, man. 
  Every inch of that place is them kids. 
  I can't be there. 
  I can't sleep there. 
  I just wanna die all the time. 
  I got a jail cell for ya, or I got a couch. 
  Whyn't you use that? 
  Then we see how tomorrow looks. 
  Oh, my God. 
  I'm so sorry I used that word. 
  Don't tell him. 
  He been called worse by people meant it more'n you did. 
  I'm sorry for that, too. 
  First thing. 
  You two, go over every statement taken back then. 
  I want y'all finding current addresses for any residents we talked to in '80 Anybody from that neighborhood. 
  Detective Hays here was lead at the time. 
  He's come over from Public Information to help us out. 
  We had a coupla threads we were just getting started before the whole thing closed out on us. 
  What we got that's brand-new is the missing girl's prints showed up in Oklahoma. 
  Now, we're gonna have to Wayne's gonna try to help me find her. 
  We figure find the girl, who by now is 21 years old, we get the story of what happened. 
  Now, everything pointed to her bein' dead. 
  We were wrong. 
  Let's find out why. 
  I don't know about "we. 
  " Her mother Lucy, she's dead. 
  We knew. 
  OD'ed outside Vegas, '88. 
  She had a cousin, Dan O'Brien Nobody knows where he is. 
  Hobbs, Segar Focus on findin' him. 
  Mainly, y'all seekin' anything mighta got overlooked. 
  All the tips, interrogations, whatnot. 
  Yeah. 
  You in the back. 
  A secondary consideration. 
  If word's out now this girl's alive, there's a real possibility there's people somewhere don't want that to remain the case. 
  Imagine she escaped somewhere, imagine we're not the only ones lookin' for her. 
  There's any chance that's the case, I think it's like the last time We gotta figure there's a tickin' clock. 
  He's not wrong. 
  May not be right, but he's not wrong. 
  All right, let's get to it. 
  C'mon. 
  We goin' to Sallisaw? 
  Yeah. 
  H-Hi. 
  Mind if we talk a little? 
  Hope I didn't interrupt anything. 
  You and a friend. 
  No, I'm alone. 
 
 
 
  My mistake. 
  I get confused As you by now know. 
  Sit. 
  Please. 
  Well, what can I do for you? 
  I kinda had the impression after our last talk you might be done with me. 
  It's all right. 
  Thing is, you shared some details I didn't have. 
  It's clear you have some kind of investigator workin' this. 
  We have researchers, a couple of investigators, sure. 
  And you'd like to talk to me some more? 
  Since we haven't addressed the conclusion of our efforts in '80, much less '90, which to me is more hauntin' than anything. 
  Yeah. 
  Of course I want to keep talking to you. 
  So you want to talk to me, I want to talk to you. 
  All right, great. 
  But, Miss you're gonna have to show yours, too. 
  - How do you mean? 
  - I mean, I wanna know anything and everything your people pulled together. 
  Why are you doing this now? 
  You got some idea what happened to the girl? 
  Are you trying to work this? 
  I wanna know the whole story. 
  A lot of this is my life. 
  There are some pieces I'm missin', I need 'em. 
  Drained quarry in southern Missouri. 
  Dental records from prison identify the remains as Dan O'Brien Lucy's cousin who went missing in '90 after resurfacing. 
  This it? 
  Look, I can't show you all my cards just yet. 
  But it's not on you. 
  Should you happen to see my son, Henry, it'd be best for both of us you didn't mention this exchange. 
  Are you sure you're not trying to investigate this again? 
  That'd be a job for somebody who knows where he is most of the time. 
  We're puttin' an APB on the description, person of interest. 
  Between the pose, the dolls, and why we think this has something to do with the church. 
  That's strange the body position bein' the same. 
  That, and the toys. 
  Playin' out in the woods This new "aunt. 
  " Doll guy mentionin' nieces and nephews, little notes in her room. 
  There's an aspect we're not catching. 
  We're tryin' to print the whole congregation. 
  Oh, speaking of Still no match on the bicycle's prints. 
  We just had our guy start comparing to student files. 
  There was this program a couple years ago, all the kids got theirs done. 
  What about the note? 
  Matched magazine ads to the letters, but no real action there. 
  Processing public mailboxes that ZIP code, but it's not gonna come to anything. 
  Thought to look at the toys from the woods. 
  Call around, see what shops sell those specific. 
  We've still got those unknown prints from 'em too. 
  Another thing. 
  How 'bout workplace injuries going back 40 years? 
  Anybody lost an eye, black male, Washington and surrounding counties. 
  That's kind of thin. 
  Any priors from that list of employees at the Hoyt Foods plant where the mother worked? 
  Cross-reference with workplace injuries. 
  You heard your prosecutor's going on Donahue? 
  What the f*ck is a Donahue? 
  Is the caller there? 
  - Yes. 
  - Go right ahead, please. 
  Mr. 
  Kindt, in your experience, do you think that dangers to children have gotten worse over the years? 
  Well, I think children are at considerable risk. 
  I mean, I-it's no secret that our values have lowered significantly as a society, and in that environment, certain people feel emboldened to prey on children. 
  Dickhead wants attorney general. 
  Now, this crime is our number one priority. 
  And we'll be back in just a minute. 
  It's beyond the f*ckin' pale. 
  Forget it. 
  We got a hit on the bike. 
  What? 
  Who? 
  That Black Sunday teenager What's his name? 
  Freddy Burns? 
  "Don't call. 
  " Who the f*ck do you think you're talkin' to, m*therf*cker? 
  Huh? 
  Hello? 
  Hello? 
  What do you want? 
  My name is Amelia Reardon. 
  I taught Will English. 
  I picked up the children had things. 
  Uh projects in the art room, other stuff. 
  - I said I'd bring it by. 
  - Right. 
  I forgot. 
  Sorry. 
  Thank you. 
  I-I know we don't know each other. 
  I can't possibly imagine what you're going through. 
  But if you ever need anything, please reach out to me. 
  Can I tell you something? 
  Amelia? 
  'Course. 
  I have got the soul of a whore. 
  Lot of times we do things to hurt ourselves because we think we deserve to be hurt. 
  Whatever you think you did or didn't do you don't deserve to suffer. 
  You don't need to be punished. 
  And those children wouldn't want you doing that to yourself. 
  I never knew my momma. 
  All I hoped, when I knew enough to hope, was that them kids might have a better time of it than I did. 
  But even then, I couldn't make that easy on 'em. 
  This wasn't a very happy home. 
  Children should laugh. 
  There wasn't a lot of laughter around here. 
  Every parent wants to do more. 
  But people make mistakes. 
  Not like this. 
  Not like I did. 
  What do you mean? 
  I ran around on Tom. 
  I always run around. 
  And sometimes, in this house, I know that I have the soul of a whore Sometimes I couldn't breathe in this house. 
  And I didn't even argue with that part of me. 
  Well, what kind of woman hates the only things that ever shown her love? 
  I got a 38 revolver in my purse. 
  It's just that last bit of courage Where does that courage come from? 
  I've never really thought of that as courage, Mrs. 
  Purcell. 
  I have done such terrible things. 
  Oh, good God. 
  Oh, God. 
  God, forgive me. 
  The policeman who's looking for Julie, the black man, I know him a little. 
  You can trust him. 
  He's a good man. 
  If there's anything that you haven't said or shared, you feel you might need to, I'm just saying you can trust Detective Hays, and you should talk to him. 
  Should talk to him about what? 
  What's that supposed to mean? 
  Nothing, I'm just saying I think he's a good man, and I think you could talk to him. 
  Yeah. 
  Of course. 
  Of course. 
  I open up to you, and you're tryin' to work me. 
  Spillin' my guts. 
  Who are you takin' this to, huh? 
  Pretendin' you're listenin'. 
  Get a load of the white trash whore you're tryin' to work to get good with your cop boyfriend! 
  I didn't mean anything. 
  I'm sorry. 
  You got a lot of nerve, you know, coming around here, bringing me this sh1t! 
  You pickaninny bitch! 
  You get out of here! 
  I didn't mean anything You snooty c**t! 
  You get the f*ck out of my house! 
  You get out! 
  Hi there. 
  You think when you're finished, you could leave the cans for me? 
  Why? 
  How much you get for 'em? 
  Two cents apiece. 
  We ought to get a part of that. 
  I can deliver you a penny next time we meet. 
  That's fair, I guess. 
  I'm almost done. 
  m*therf*cker! 
  We got the drug store surveillance going back seven days before the robbery. 
  Haven't been able to go through it all. 
  Pair of lawyers tryin' to see this? 
  They subpoenaed us, but we're not in any hurry to help 'em out. 
  So far, we haven't shared much, really. 
  How 'bout a lady writer, pretty good-lookin'? 
  Share much with her? 
  Right. 
  Pretty black gal. 
  Said her ex-husband was police. 
  I'll leave you to it. 
  Her prints were on aisles five and seven. 
  It's been five hours, and you're not through a whole day yet. 
  You gonna watch all this video at once? 
  I don't know. 
  'Ninety. 
  'Ninety I found the video footage. 
  We we learned about Julie Purcell. 
  That group of street kids, was that? 
  Shut up. 
  Shut up. 
  Was that when I Yes. 
  That's when I lost you at the Wal-Mart. 
  'Ninety. 
  The f*ckin' Wal-Mart. 
  I don't think I ever did forgive myself, losin' track of you like that, the way I yelled, and how sad that made you and your brother. 
  Did we ever find the brown car? 
  Whose was it? 
  I felt I felt sometimes without knowing it, I felt like maybe I like I made y'all sick. 
  Like I Like I poisoned you. 
  I don't know, may have. 
  I may be decidin' I don't want to stay alive without your mother. 
  Shut up! 
  You're nothin'! 
  Shut up! 
  I need to tell Roland about O'Brien. 
  Where's Roland? 
  When did we last? 
  Talk to Roland? 
  I'm sorry. 
  Looks like a late-model Lincoln or Mercury. 
  Maybe a Chevy. 
  Do they still make Mercury? 
  Hmm? 
  Uh Sedan. 
  Dark color. 
  Deep gray under the moon. 
  See him again, may mean somebody's watchin' you. 
  Uh-huh. 
  Have a seat, pal. 
  I know we a few weeks late here, but I want to wish you a happy 18th birthday. 
  All the fellows pitched in and got you life imprisonment, and a good possibility of chokin' in the gas chamber, you f*ckin' shit-heeled twerp. 
  - Wait, wait, wait. 
  - So, Freddy, how polite we talked to you the first time, that was all behind the small possibility you might be innocent. 
  Ah, but now, that small possibility's gone down the toilet. 
  Your prints. 
  I didn't do it. 
  I did not do it, I swear to God. 
  In other words, you're sleepin', somebody secretly removes your fingerprints and puts 'em on Will Purcell's bike. 
  No, I'm not I'm not saying I wasn't ever on it. 
  I took his bike, all right? 
  He was a nerd, okay? 
  He was coming around when we were hanging out, and - His sister with him? 
  - No. 
  He was looking for her. 
  I don't know, he was bugging us. 
  And you what? 
  And I had a few. 
  I feel I feel terrible about this. 
  I might have shoved him, chased him off. 
  And played around on his bike. 
  Where'd he go, you chased him off? 
  He ran. 
  Into the woods. 
  We already know all that. 
  You haven't mentioned that you were gone for a half hour before your friends saw you. 
  Just an observation, I don't think you're well-liked. 
  What'd you do in the woods, those 30 minutes? 
  Look, I don't know what happened to him. 
  I chased him just for a minute, but I was kind of drunk. 
  I lost my way real fast. 
  Like, 'fore I knew it, there was trees all around, and it took a while to find my way out. 
  What about the bike? 
  It was where he dropped it. 
  I fooled around on it, that's all. 
  I hit a tree, I bent the wheel, and just you know, I threw it back in the marsh. 
  And you're gonna risk 20 years in prison saying the only thing you did was throw the kid off and take his bike? 
  Which, by the way, makes you a dirtbag. 
  Puttin' you in the legal category screwed. 
  Prior to suckin' gas. 
  Call him a shit-heeled twerp again. 
  You shit-heeled twerp. 
  Unless you can enlist us in the Save Freddy Burns campaign, which can only achieve victory with your complete disclosure of the truth in its entirety. 
  What? 
  He's sayin' tell the whole story, or train your ass to be an entrance. 
  I know brothers inside will tear your guys up, f*ckin' you stupid. 
  God damn. 
  f*ck. 
  That prison rape's a real go-to for you lately, huh? 
  Somethin' you want to tell me? 
  I think he's done. 
  Oh no, oh no, oh no, oh no, oh no! 
  Never mind. 
  You gonna go with this? 
  We sayin' it's him? 
  What are you thinkin'? 
  That probably when he's 25, that kid's gonna be in jail. 
  But not for this. 
  Detectives, a couple of calls just came in. 
  Something big's going down at that trash guy's place. 
  West Finger. 
  Men with guns, they said. 
  Keep him here. 
  Woodard! 
  You was warned off them kids! 
  Woodard! 
  Woodard! 
  Get out here! 
  Woodard! 
  We comin' in if you ain't comin' out! 
  What's goin' on here? 
  Back up 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 