Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x06 - Church In Ruins - True Detective 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x06 - Church In Ruins https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=185&t=19705 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 07/27/15 06:41 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x06 - Church In Ruins 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Caspere-- 
 This ain't the type of party allows cameras. 
 What do you think? Some kind of blackmail? 
 You really think we cleared the Caspere case? 
 I'm not a cop any more. 
 Follow Blake. 
 He's gotten too smooth for my peace of mind. 
 I can do that. 
 These must certainly be stolen. 
 I told the other policeman the same. 
 He gives me his card, says to let him know if I hear anything. 
 If you can get a line on an invite, the next party. 
 Might be tough. 
 I need to look into it. 
 We're putting together a special investigation to track down Irina Rulfo. 
 What's the real purpose? 
 Uncovering evidence of collusion between Vinci PD and any other state parties. 
 Frank Semyon? 
 Who are you? 
 We had an arrangement with Santos. 
 Nobody's seen him. 
 We heard. 
 So it's time to ratify our arrangement. 
 I don't need partners. 
 That man that you tracked down, that was a lie? 
 He set me up. 
 ( knocking on door ) 
 ( gun clicks ) 
 Got a problem? 
 You and me need to talk. 
 ♪ the war was lost ♪ 
♪ the treaty signed ♪ 
♪ I was not caught ♪ 
♪ I crossed the line ♪ 
♪ I was not caught ♪ 
♪ though many tried ♪ 
♪ I live among you ♪ 
♪ well disguised ♪ 
♪ never mind ♪ 
♪ never mind ♪ 
♪ I live the life I left behind ♪ 
♪ there's truth that lives ♪ 
♪ and truth that dies ♪ 
♪ I don't know which, so never mind ♪ 
♪ I could not kill ♪ 
♪ the way you kill ♪ 
♪ I could not hate ♪ 
♪ I tried, I failed ♪ 
♪ you turned me in ♪ 
♪ at least you tried ♪ 
♪ you side with them whom you despise ♪ 
♪ this was your heart, this swarm of flies ♪ 
♪ this was once your mouth ♪ 
♪ this bowl of lies ♪ 
♪ you serve them well ♪ 
♪ I'm not surprised ♪ 
♪ you're of their kin ♪ 
♪ you're of their kind ♪ 
♪ never mind ♪ 
♪ never mind ♪ 
♪ I had to leave my life behind ♪ 
♪ the story's told ♪ 
♪ with facts and lies ♪ 
♪ you own the world, so never mind ♪ 
 You want milk? Sugar? 
 Black. 
 ( sighs ) 
 You bang down my door for a staring contest? 
 A long time ago, you gave me a man's name on a piece of paper. 
 I did. 
 Because you knew what I'd do. 
 I knew what I'd do. 
 I didn't know you at all. 
 Who was he to you, that man? 
 Me? Nobody. 
 Some greaser crankhead. 
 Info come to me, I pass it on. 
 Because why not get blackmail on a sheriff's deputy? 
 That didn't hurt. 
 But I have a sense of justice. 
 You know that. 
 That's why this was so surprising. 
 That name on the piece of paper, whoever he was... he wasn't the man who hurt my wife. 
 How's that? 
 They caught the guy last month. 
 DNA. 
 I didn't know about it. 
 I thought the info was solid. 
 So none of this is a new development. 
 You've never been in control. 
 We gonna fight, Raymond? 
 I would have been different. 
 Of all the lies people tell themselves,  I bet that's the most common. 
 I could have. 
 You f*cked me. 
 I sold my soul for nothing. 
 If you were selling, it wasn't me buying. 
 You wanted your hooks in a cop, so you used my wife's f*cking tragedy to get me to kill somebody. 
 I didn't get you to do anything. 
 I gave you a name and you made your choice. 
 And that choice was in you before your wife or any of this other stuff. 
 It was always there... waiting. 
 And didn't you use that man to be what you were always waiting to become? 
 ( scoffs ) 
 This thing, your wife-- those are just excuses. 
 You think you were Superman previous? 
 ( scoffs ) And, hey, own it. 
 You think I'd have done less? 
 If that's the kind of thing that keeps you out of heaven, I don't want to go. 
 Who gave you the name? 
 Guy one of my guys knew, as I remember. 
 Told me your story. 
 Gave up the crankhead talking up the rape. 
 I never heard of the dude until then. Or you. 
 He was scum, I know that. 
 I never even asked him anything. 
 That guy, I just... 
 You want out? 
 You're free. 
 You ain't had the nerve for this for a while. 
 ( clicks ) 
 I don't want a shoot-out in my f*cking kitchen, Raymond. 
 And I don't want to see you die. 
 By me or one of my other guys. 
 I didn't set you up. 
 And I ain't your suicide ticket. 
 ( camera clicking ) - ( police radio chatter ) 
 State lands start at the forest. 
 Mostly we watch for fires and weed farms. 
 Some of these shacks have been here since the '30s. 
 Tech :  Scene looks weeks old. Could be a lot more. 
 Place is totally contaminated. 
 We'll process, but we might not get anything else. 
 You have anything now? 
 The blood is female. 
 Dead gonorrhea biophages. 
 All right, I want a grid search and a cadaver dog. 
 Jesus Christ. You don't have enough to do? 
 Give this to Sonoma Sheriff's. 
 Blake's been running girls behind your back outside the clubs. 
 That's not a tremendous surprise. 
 Ambition f*cked him up. 
 No, it's bigger than you think. 
 He's got a special stable with Chessani's kid. 
 Eastern Bloc girls. 
 Surgery at the Pitlor Clinic, make 'em top gear. 
 He'll fill me in on it. Don't worry. 
 You know about these parties they throw? 
 Rich men. 
 Politicians, developers. 
 Caspere was going  to these things. 
 Deals get done. 
 I need you to give up the man who tipped you to my rapist. 
 Give me some time. I'll look him up. 
 You sure you got time? 
 On the ropes ain't the same thing as bleeding out. 
 You know that. 
 I'm back in the corridor and we're legit. 
 This past sh1t you're worked up on, it can go away. 
 State's following up, too. 
 On the DL. 
 Want my help looking for the girl who pawned the sh1t that sent us to the shoot-out. 
 Irina Rulfo. 
 We're looking for her, too. 
 I'm gonna put my other hand up now. 
 Don't you f*cking shoot me, Raymond. 
 You help me find that hard drive, 
 I'll give you the man who put you wrong. 
 Who wants the hard drive? 
 Corporate guy. 
 Could be a lot of sensitive footage on that thing. 
 Where you going now? 
 To see about killing a man. 
 You sit back down with a gun on me again... don't let me see you coming. 
 I'd like to avoid that, Frank. 
 Good. 
 You might be one of the last friends I got. 
 Wouldn't that be f*cked up? 
 ( door opens, closes ) 
 This is part of it. Vinci, Caspere, those parties we've been talking about. 
 The missing girl, Vera, she made her last phone call from that lodge a mile back. 
 Caspere's GPS put him right here. 
 Now we've got a scene where a girl's been butchered. 
 I'm interested in collusions. 
 And maybe those parties are where your collusions get sealed. 
 This is important. Somebody died here. 
 Somebody dies every second of the day and they're not all lucky enough to do it California. 
 Uh, ladies, I've been briefed. 
 I think we've got this now, you don't mind. 
 This connects to a state's missing persons case, hm? 
 And we'll be happy to share our findings. 
 You know of any parties get thrown up here? 
 A lodge a mile back, off the road? 
 No, can't say we have. It's private property and not state forest. 
 Sold it off a few years back. 
 No noise in the forest? Commotion? 
 ( sighs ) This is my scene, Miss Davis. 
 So get to it, Sheriff. 
 ( faint police radio playing ) 
 Work the girls and the parties. 
 You work the diamonds. 
 Figure out where they came from originally. 
 Maybe we can finger  whoever took them. 
 Velcoro? 
 He's on the Rulfo girl. 
 ( door latch clicks ) 
 ( door closes ) 
 ( handset clicks ) 
 What? 
 I thought I killed you. 
 11 years ago. 
 Thereabouts. 
 Maybe I still will. 
 That right? 
 Who'd you really kill? 
 ( sighs ) There was a woman, 
 29 years old. 
 September 2004. 
 An attorney. 
 Dark brown hair. 
 Underground parking garage downtown. 
 Yeah, you remember. 
 They're saying I did a lot of things. 
 Got a brain condition. 
 I forget things. 
 ( scoffs ) Huh. 
 I feel like I should have my lawyer here. 
 How'd you get in to see me? 
 She was my wife. 
 I used to be a cop. 
 You have no idea what you cost me. 
 Hey, look, man, I ain't talking to you whatever this is about. 
 You heard what this is about! 
 I needed to look in your eyes. 
 It was you. 
 You don't even look like him, either. 
 Who? 
 My eyes look same as yours, you ask me. 
 They're gonna burn you. 
 That remains to be seen. 
 You better hope they do. 
 Key on my eyes, dipshit. 
 See if I'm whistling Dixie. 
 If they don't give you life, I will have every inch of your flesh removed with a cheese grater starting with your prick. 
 I'll cut off your nose and your lips. 
 Your nuts, too. 
 And I'll make sure you live. 
 Hell, they give you life, I might do it anyway. 
 Like I said. 
 Hey. Hey, who are you? 
 You got the wrong dude. 
 I don't even know you, man. 
 You know me. 
 You just didn't know you did. 
 When you said blue diamonds, I remembered something. 
 '92, the riots. 
 Bad time to be in the insurance business. 
 This could be the same stones. 
 Two and a half million in blue diamonds, Peruzzi-cut. That's what you got, I think. 
 Sable Fine Jewelers in Hollywood. 
 There was a robbery April 30, 1992. 
 Man : You got to understand what it was like back then. 
 Fires starting everywhere. 
 Snipers taking potshots at cops. 
 Tanks in the street. 
 "f*ck the police" coming out of every... 
 A lot of our guys just up and quit. 
 The Sable Fine Jewelers robbery, that's two and a half million in blue diamonds. 
 Yeah, I was the one you talked to on the phone. 
 Double homicide, husband and wife proprietors. 
 Woman was pregnant. 
 Margaret Osterman. I remember her name. 
 Report doesn't list a suspect, zero people of interest. 
 Yeah, well... 
 Nothing. 
 Place was looted right after the actual robberies, so no crime scene integrity. 
 Wasn't no looters, either. 
 Security tape was missing. 
 Those two people were executed. 
 They knew what they were doing. 
 Tactical, like. 
 Then those poor kids. 
 Leonard and Laura. 
 They witnessed it or something, right? 
 Christ. 
 You had to show me this? 
 They were hiding in one of the display cabinets. 
 Had to stay like that for a long time. 
 Hiding with their parents lying there like... 
 I had quadruple my normal caseload. 
 Riots overwhelmed the system. 
 Something didn't close fast, you moved on. 
 Kids couldn't offer up anything? 
 They could barely talk. 
 Girl was maybe four. 
 Boy a little older. 
 Men wore masks. 
 That's about it. 
 Ended up in the foster system. 
 You got kids? 
 One on the way. 
 Oh, God. 
 Those kids f*cked me up. 
 Coming from where they did, going into the system. 
 All that and the city burning to the f*cking ground. 
 ( banging ) 
 ( grunting ) 
 Athena :  Be at the Kali Klub in Ventura  next Saturday at 6:00 PM. 
 Say you're me. Say you're there to see Bogdan. 
 And you've got to dress like you're worth $2,000 a night. 
 You're gonna need somebody's help with that. 
 Ha. 
 This bus is gonna take you up to wherever the party is, I heard. 
 And they're not gonna let you take in a purse or a phone or anything. 
 They're gonna make you turn all that stuff in. 
 Okay. 
 ( grunting ) 
 You're gonna be around a lot of guys  that expect easy s*x. 
 What are you gonna do about that? I'll figure it out. ( huffing ) If those webcam guys were bad, this is  way  worse. Thena, I'm police. I know how to take care of myself. They're not gonna let you take in a knife  or anything. They're gonna pat you down and make you strip. That's what I heard. ( panting ) That all I need to know? ( blade scraping ) I made that for you. I was thinking about a woman drowning on dry land. Well, I don't really get art. ( blade scraping ) I just don't understand why you work so hard to be alone. ( panting ) I find it really doesn't take that much work. I've been here for 10 minutes and you're just playing with knives just to keep me away. I was working out when you knocked. ( blade scraping ) ( panting ) Okay. Anything else about this party? Just that... whatever you plan, you get on that bus, and it's f*ck or run. Woman :  It's hard, I won't lie. He filled this house up, you know? He loved you both as much as any man I ever knew. He never wanted anything, but it was for his family. It's ridiculous, I know. This isn't consolation. This was his, Joyce. Joyce :  That Blake guy's not outside, right? Right now? No. You know Blake? He turned up here right after the funeral. Asked how I was doing. Condolences and all that bullshit. And when he got through the bullshit? Asked if Stan had shared anything with me, might help him figure out who killed him. Had Stan said anything like that? Joyce :  No. I mean, he wasn't running things for you like that Blake guy, right? That's just skillsets. I loved Stan. Mikey doesn't know what to do. Stan was a great father. Not like a lot of-- of them. I think about my little boy not having-- ( sobs ) Joyce :  I'm sorry. Woman : It's okay. Joyce :  I'm sorry. Woman : It's okay, Joyce. ( sobbing continues ) 
 
 Ray :  And this is a stealth bomber. Yeah. It can carry 80 smart bombs. Means they never miss. It's called "The Spirit." You-- maybe you're not that interested in this stuff anymore, huh? That's okay. It kills people. Yeah. Maybe some TV, then? You want to watch anything? I DVR'd the Cardinals. We could watch "Friends." It's always on. "Friends"? That show that's like 20 years old? I had an old girlfriend that used to watch it. ( pencil scratching ) What-all you scribbling over there? There some high drama happening I don't see? Please limit our interaction. I have a mandate to observe. By all means, buddy, find "Friends." ( faint TV audio plays ) Your dad teach you that? My old man never had time for sports. You want to sit for a second? Your father... was a good, good man. He was one of the best. I know that. Everybody doesn't need to keep saying. Things are gonna be hard for a while, but you'll come out. 'Cause you got him in you. His fight is in you. Sometimes-- sometimes a thing happens, splits your life. There's a before and after. I got like five of them at this point. And this is your first. But if you use it right-- the bad thing-- you use it right and... it makes you better. Stronger. It gives you something most people don't have. Bad as this is, wrong as it is... this hurt... it can make you a better man. That's what pain does. It shows you what was on the inside. And inside of you... is pure gold. And I know that. Your father knew that, too. Pure, solid gold. That's what you got. ( sobbing ) ( TV playing ) You enjoy this? You like your job? Please refrain from interacting with me, Mr. Velcoro. Hey, your mom, she-- she mention anything changing? She said I might not be seeing you as much. You okay with that? I guess not. Look, things, if they change... they might-- they might tell you things about you and about me. And the things they say, whatever they-- whatever they say, whatever stories you hear, I am your father, you are my son. I will always love you. Okay. ( sighs ) ( music playing ) ♪ one, two, three, four... ♪ ( snorting ) ♪ well, if you don't like it ♪ 
♪ go ahead, find yourself a saint ♪ 
♪ go ahead now, try to find a boy ♪ 
♪ who's gonna be what I ain't ♪ 
♪ now what you need is ♪ 
♪ a plastic doll with a fresh coat of paint ♪ 
♪ who's gonna sift through the madness ♪ 
♪ and always acts so quaint ♪ 
♪ I said, yeah, yeah, yeah... ♪ ( snorting ) ♪ well, with your new friend ♪ 
♪ you're really making a scene ♪ 
♪ and I see you bouncing around... ♪ ( music echoing ) ( gasps ) ( whining ) ( sobbing ) ( phone chimes ) What happened tonight, Ray? I mean, you send him home early, you think that helps? Ray : I, uh-- I want to-- I want to make a deal with you. ( clattering ) I'm hanging up. - Wait, please wait. Just don't go. You win. I'm not trying to win, Ray. I really think at this point we should leave it to the lawyers. Just listen. Don't-- I won't contest custody. Okay? He's yours. I know he'll be happy with you and-- and Richard. Are you serious? You're drunk again. No, listen. Just forget the paternity thing. Don't tell him. Don't ever tell him what happened or--  or where he comes from. He shouldn't have to know. Just-- just let him believe I'm his father... and I'll go away. It's for-- it's for me, Ray. I have to know. Please...? Please. Never tell him and I'll stay away. I won't contest a thing. I'll never see him again. Sweetheart... Just say yes. Please? Please. Just-- just say yes. And I'll leave your lives forever. Okay. Yes, Ray, I will-- I will do that. You swear to me. I swear. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Frank : The name is Irina Rulfo. Sometime girl to one of your guys got taken in that shoot-out here a while back. You're Santa Muerte. You know her? It's not like that. It's not a gang like you thinking. Whatever the f*ck. It's a book club. You were Ledo Amarillo's boy. Moving that cheap Mexican brown. Where could I find Irina? ( clicks ) ( panting ) ( screams ) ( groaning ) There's other appendages, won't heal up that easy. m*therf*cker! I don't know. Where would I look? ( screams ) Where's them wetback hoochies hole up? Where's she stay? ( panting ) A flat G... or the next nail... goes through your eye. They got a place, El Monte. This is gonna hurt. ( screams ) Diamonds came from an unsolved robbery during the '92 riots. Jewelry store, double homicide. Ahem. No suspects. You make headway on the Rulfo girl? Mm-mmm. You sure you want to work this party? I don't want to bring this to Davis till we have something. Type of men at these things-- I mean, who knows? It's your ass is what he means. Yeah. We've got your back. We'll double-tail the bus. I can't bring a phone in or anything else. Transponder. You stick that somewhere. Like in your shoe. Paul :  We'll follow. We'll set up a perimeter around the place. And if I have to, I'll get in. Only try not to stab anyone. Unless you have to. Blake : What's your name again? Athena. Freelance. Mm-hmm. You're a little older than you said, but you got something. Okay, on the bus. Good, arms. Okay, go. ( voices overlapping ) Man : Let's go. Okay, let's see it. Let's go. Come on. Good. You get back tomorrow. Do not be arguing, bitch. There. ( bangs ) ( distant dogs barking ) ( clicks ) You come here to talk some more? Didn't know this was your place. That's one off the bucket list-- Mexican standoff with actual Mexicans. Paul :  She's on the bus ahead of us. You can catch up now. Ray :  Copy that. We'll take my car once they land. A guy, Ledo Amarillo, got blown up by the cops a couple months back. Came to that 'cause his lady sold some hot items. I'm looking for her. That's it. Sounds like you want to make a deal. But you told us you don't need partners. Her name is Irina Rulfo. Amarillo used to pimp her out. I just want to talk to her. You know where she is, or you can put me in touch, we can talk about deals. Well, we no longer need to make a deal. I got two protected clubs. If  you help, you can push your stuff through there three nights a week for a year. End of the year, we renegotiate. Based on mutual performance. Why do you need this girl, if we can locate her? I want her to answer some questions. This guy her man ripped off, he was in possession of something. First year, I don't take a percentage. You keep what you make. 100%. We'll get her to call you-- maybe. It's a start. But we need to meet face-to-face at some point. ( men chatting ) ( grunts ) ( classical music playing ) Um, what-- what is that? Like, pure Molly. It's pretty great. Keep you in good mood. Mm-hmm. Open. ( spray hisses ) ( spray hisses ) Ray :  All right, I want eyes on her. Copy. Moving. ( music continues ) Blake :  Enjoy yourselves, gentlemen. ( chuckles ) ( door opens ) Phone call, boss. It's a girl. Sounds Spanish. Frank Semyon. My name is Irina. You wanna talk to me? - Yes. Yes, Irina. Can we meet? I'd like to talk to you about Ledo and what happened to him. I can pay you for your time. No, we talk on phone. Police said you pawned things from Ben Caspere's house. That's how they got your man Ledo. How did you get that stuff? Ledo really kill Caspere? Irina :  A man gave them to me. Paid me $500 plus whatever I got to pawn them. Can you describe him? Thin, white. He was a cop. Didn't wear a uniform. How do you know he was a cop? I know a cop. Think I've seen him before. He's like a Meet with me, I'll show you some pictures. You pick him out. I ain't talking to no more white men. They make me call, I call. ( handset clicks ) You can get your people to come with you. No tricks. You'll be safe. And I'll give you a thousand to point the man out. Si. Okay. ( clicks ) As promised, you've seen her. We take Thursday, Friday, Saturday night at the clubs. No fee. Like you said. Next year we renegotiate. Like you said. Why the f*ck did you do this? Why hurt the girl? The f*ck is wrong with you? You heard her. Bitch was working for cops. Frank...? ( car doors close ) ( car engines start ) Yeah. ( music playing ) ( laughing ) ( gasps ) ( panting ) f*ck. sh1t. I've been watching you, miss. You know, I said to myself, now there is a real woman. Not like these little girls. Oh, they try to make like they understand, but it's just empty eyes. You see, for me, it's just as much about the dialogue. I could talk to you all day about the oil business, but I'm sure you'd like to do something else. ( voices murmuring ) $12 million doesn't fit in a briefcase. Jacob :  The exchange will be secure. We can enter the money into the system as marketing costs, investment overlay. Like you did with Semyon? That was between him and Caspere. And your people's investments are worth considerably more to us. Now, please, enjoy the evening. Full moon is the best time to ratify alliances. ( clicking ) Man : A nation's strength is determined by two things-- ( voice echoes ) Its energy resources... and its capacity for war. Oh, yes, here we are. You care to watch for a while? I do so enjoy the natural state. You're the prettiest little girl I ever seen. I heard there's a unicorn in those woods. You want to help me look for it? ( panting ) ( whimpers ) Why don't you partake and I'll join you momentarily? ( Russian accent ) Excuse, please. I-- bathroom. I return. You come right back here, now. Don't make me have to find you, miss. Splash of water. Perfume. ( panting ) ( women moaning ) ( faint thunder rumbles ) ( gasps ) ( bangs ) ( gasping ) ( gagging, gulping ) ( panting ) f*ck. ( Ray grunting ) Woman : Some of them taste better than others. ( panting ) Vera? Vera. Vera Machiado? Oh, my God. I'm a friend of your sister Dani's. We got to get you out of here. Vera : No. No... Come on. Come on. Get up. Come on. Now, I know I said don't make me have to come and find you, but-- ( groans ) ( groans ) f*cking whore. ( bangs ) ( gasping ) ( coughing ) f*ck you do? ( panting ) Oh, God. Take her. Take her, take her. Go, go, go, go. Move. Paul : Who is she? My missing person. Take her. ( men yelling ) Velcoro's getting the car. Go. f*ck. ( yelling ) Ani : Okay, you got to run. You got to run. Go, go, go. Man : Hey! ( engine roaring ) f*ck. Come on...! Paul : Look. That's him. ( tires squeal ) ( gunshots popping ) Ani : Get down! Get down! Go. ( tires squeal ) Paul : Kill the lights. Who's the girl? Bezzerides's missing person. ( gasping ) Paul : I got this stuff. Some kind of deal going down. Same land area as we were talking. f*ck. What happened? They gave me something. I don't know. I think I killed someone. Oh, Jesus. Those M*therf*ckers. These contracts... signatures all over them. ( music playing ) ( tires screeching ) ♪ when you're a storm ♪ 
♪ you're so emotional ♪ 
♪ moody and controlled ♪ 
♪ sly and involved ♪ 
♪ if you're all right ♪ 
♪ you come to me in times ♪ 
♪ you make me realize ♪ 
♪ I'm not the kindest guy ♪ 
♪ but I give, give, give, give ♪ 
♪ I give what I can give ♪ 
♪ so just give, give, give, give ♪ 
♪ give me what you have, dear ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 