Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 10x06 - My Struggle II - The X-Files 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 10x06 - My Struggle II https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=174&t=25532 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/22/16 23:15 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 10x06 - My Struggle II 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on The X-Files... 
 Mulder :  The countdown has begun. 
 Alien technology being used against us by a venal conspiracy of men It's all part of a conspiracy  dating back to the UFO crash at Roswell in 1947. How can we help you, Mr. O'Malley? I'm rattling some pretty big cages in the intelligence community, but I'm prepared to blow open maybe the most evil conspiracy the world has ever known. I didn't know how my work would be used. (woman screams) They removed your unborn fetuses. They do everything through here, even with the DNA. Tell them about your DNA, Sveta. I have alien DNA. For sure. Mulder :  They police us and spy on us, tell us that makes us safer. We've never been in more danger. Then do something about it, Mulder. What are they trying to do? Mulder :  That's the missing piece. Testing yourself for alien DNA? I sequenced my own genome, because of my history and because we have a child together. Scully, are you saying you have alien DNA? I'm saying someone has to stop these sons of bitches. (whirring) Oh, no. No! My name is Dana Katherine Scully. I am a special agent with the Federal Bureau of Investigation, a career I chose after medical school, which promised a chance to further my aim as a scientist and as a seeker of justice in a science-based world. Soon after joining the FBI, I was asked to review the work of a fellow agent, Fox Mulder, and to debunk the X-Files, cases involving what my superiors regarded as science fiction and a waste of resources. I quickly came to understand Mulder's work on the paranormal wasn't such as I'd been led to believe, that the X-Files were worthy of Mulder's investigations and of mine, that a world existed on the far fringes of accepted science, a world where a scientist would have her strongly held beliefs tested and retested. I would also come to fear that the institution I'd joined and invested with my trust was subject to the influence of dark forces outside the Bureau and sometimes within, forces threatened by Mulder's work and increasingly by mine. Shortly after sensing these threats, I was abducted from my home by unknown assailants and returned without a clear understanding why. But intervening incidents have led me to believe that during my short disappearance, I was subjected to tests, tests resulting in a life-threatening disease, its cure as mysterious as the illness itself, tests which I now suspect are part of a larger conspiracy, a conspiracy of men hiding science for almost 60 years... (woman screams) ...secrets kept from the American people by a self-interested cabal intent on the consolidation of power both at home and on a perilously global scale. But questions remain unanswered about their motives and their final objectives, when and where these men might play out their dark plans, and the significance of a recent test result of my personal genetic makeup turning up DNA anomalies that I can only classify... as alien. Sorry I'm late. The parking garage is locked down for some reason. You here, Mulder? Six weeks ago, we went off the air due to threats from outside forces bent on controlling content deemed dangerous to their cause. Today we're back, with facts threatening these forces yet again, the discovery of something that's so shocking you'll want to sit down and prepare yourself for the truth, what may seem like science fiction but is science fact, the legitimate and verifiable... (heart beating) discovery of alien DNA that's in virtually every American citizen. (phone rings) I know what you're thinking right now... Agent Mulder's phone. O'Malley : Who's this? Dana? Yes. Who's this? It's Tad O'Malley. I was just watching your show. You need to get over here. Where exactly is "Here"? What happened here? I don't know what happened. What are you doing here and where is Agent Mulder? I don't know where he is. You found it like this? Door was open, unlocked. We had arranged an informal meeting. A meeting about what? About new facts surfacing. I saw your report, Mr. O'Malley, and your dangerous allegations. Dangerous allegations, yes, but not irresponsible ones. Alien DNA lurking in every American citizen. I had my own DNA tested. And what did you find? We found anomalous DNA. 90% of everyone's genome is anomalous DNA, Mr. O'Malley. I have a doctor who says this is different. And he's not a quack. I'd like to be the judge of that. You found alien DNA yourself. You found it in Sveta six weeks ago, just like we all said you would. And this has got Mulder excited. It should get anyone excited. Who are you calling? Well, first I'm calling the police. Still no word from him? And he's not picking up either. You'd think he would've left a note, maybe a voice message. I'm afraid he fears my judgment. Fears your judgment on what? On whether he's crazy or not. Then you do know something. This man, Tad O'Malley, has been making claims. Claims about what? That you and everyone you know has a piece of DNA in your genome put there without your knowing it. Put there by whom? (chuckles) Well, that's the question of the day. This is an Internet lunatic. You're not saying you believe him? Just hold on, Agent Einstein. You're talking to a scientist. Einstein : Uh, forgive me, Assistant Director. It may sound insensitive, but the suggestion is pure science fiction. What I'm saying, Agent Einstein, is that the facts, as I understand them, cannot be discounted out of hand. No one has the right or the ability to tamper with your DNA. Unless we gave them that ability. Scully :  Thank you for doing this, Agent Einstein. You didn't have to, considering. My prejudices are only against pseudoscience. If I can help to clear up this nonsense and find Agent Mulder, I'm only happy to. Can you help me? Do you need to sit down, sir? I-I don't know. I'm-I'm not sure. Not sure of what? Wh-What's happening to me. Nurse, we need some help here. Dr. Scully? I think this man needs help. As do so many people today. Oh, his left arm, lateral deltoid. Sir, can I see your arm, please? I don't know how it got there. Okay, you need to get this man out of here, get him to see a doc immediately. Can you do that, Sandeep? Yes, certainly. Right away. Can I direct them in any way? Just find out who he is and what he's been exposed to. (phone vibrating) (vibrating stops) (engine revving) (exhales) I'm not sure what this is going to prove. Well, it may prove nothing or it may be negative. I don't want to alarm you, Agent Einstein, but... about six weeks ago, I took my own blood, and in sequencing my genome, I discovered an anomaly. What constitutes an anomaly? An aberration in my sequence. Something unexplainable and, by definition, alien. You can rest assured I don't have alien DNA, Agent Scully, if that's what you're looking for. Have you sequenced your genome? No. But has anyone? My point precisely. And why were you even looking? You know little of my history, Agent Einstein. And while we share a faith in science, I have come to the understanding that the science that we were taught takes us but a distance towards the truth. Yeah, but... tampering with our DNA? I was given a smallpox vaccine as a child, as I'm sure you were as well. It was standard practice in America at the time. If you are suggesting that there is more in that shot than-than a vaccine... It's actually not that far-fetched and within the realm of accepted science. Something entering the germ line, something that would be passed down hereditarily. That would be an unprecedented violation of the public trust. And now you know a bit more of the history I was referring to. For the purpose of what? I don't know, Agent Einstein. And I don't know if any of this is true. But what I do know is that the possibility exists, and that is reason enough to run these tests. Miller : Hey. Been looking for you. AD Skinner asked me to come down, help find Agent Mulder. We know nothing, Agent Miller, nothing more than this morning. There's talk on the Internet. What kind of talk? People are freaking out about reports on  The Tad O'Malley Show. O'Malley : Now, I know this is hard for people at home to comprehend. So what are we looking at, Dr. Rubell-- the scale and scope? A scale we've never dreamed. A scope that quickly becomes global. A massive contagion, then? Not one contagion, but a variety of contagions. If the flu doesn't kill you, then something else will. You're describing it as a fast-moving AIDS without the HIV. Our immune systems decimated by the same tampering to all our genomes. Who will be first hit? The people we most depend on-- the police, health care workers. Then people in metropolitan areas. Suddenly Tad O'Malley is the singular voice of authority? Is this at all plausible? It's all too plausible, and I think it's already happening. What have you found out, Sandeep? They're running tests now. About the man-- who is he? He's quite incoherent. I think they've determined he's military. That man will die unless he's given doses of intravenous doxycycline. What do you suspect, Dr. Scully? Those lesions are from anthrax. Uh, someone's been exposed to anthrax? Willingly so, in this case. You better explain this to me. To me as well, Agent Scully, because this is cause for alarm. Soldiers deploying to Iraq are given anthrax vaccines to protect them in the event of biological warfare. But with compromised immune systems, it's the vaccines that are attacking their systems. Meaning  we're  infecting them? Thinking that we're protecting them. We don't know that that's true. Left arm is the site of the injection. That's where we saw the lesions, Agent Einstein. That's purely speculative. Anthrax. Why else would there be an outbreak? There were outbreaks in 2001. You don't understand. Anthrax is the canary in the coal mine. It's a harbinger of infections to come-- measles, mumps, rubella, the flu. We're all going to be exposed. This is happening now? You are witnessing what may be the advent of a global contagion. You can't just say these things when this is an isolated case. Would you like to wait and see? Wouldn't you like to first wait and see my test results, Agent Scully? I don't think I need to see your test results. (siren approaching) (phone vibrating) (quietly): Mulder. Pick up, please. (phone vibrating) (engine starts) ♪ ♪ We're now getting reports of law enforcement dealing with soldiers and military personnel indicating symptoms of exposure to anthrax, a rolling first wave of contagion set in motion by our revelations of a far-reaching conspiracy of men. It's exact... (computer beeps) Spartanburg. This is just the beginning. You keep saying that, ruling out all other possibilities-- the possibility that they were given a faulty vaccine. The Department of Defense was recently faulted for giving soldiers live vaccines. That wouldn't cause this. What do we do here as doctors? We ponder all possible scenarios. We don't have time to ponder, Agent Einstein. Well, I think you're wrong. I hope that I'm wrong. I hope that there's an explanation for this-- all of it, for Mulder's disappearance, for everything. But right now, we are in deep trouble. Consider what you're saying. Pathogens are virtually everywhere. Every cough, every sneeze, every cut on the finger deadly. That's not what I'm seeing here, Agent Scully. I am seeing one class of people infected. You're right. You're right. You say they're tampering with our DNA, that they're able to shut down our immune systems by the addition of something to our DNA? Yes, but I don't know how exactly. Or how it's being triggered. I don't know that either. Or why it's happening now. No. It makes no sense. Think about it. Shutting down the immune system is a complex biological process. It would require something being taken away from the genome, not something added to it. (phone ringing) Hello? Woman : Agent Scully? Dana? Yes. Who is this? I can explain what's happening. I'm sorry. Who is this? Someone who was there for you. There for me when? When you also needed help. (thunder rumbling) Agent Scully. Agent Reyes. Monica. I wish this were under better circumstances, but I wish a lot of things were different here today. You have something to tell me. Something you need to know. I looked you up when I went back to the FBI. They said you'd been gone for a decade, that you left in a hurry. I made certain choices. You might not approve or understand, but they made sense to me at the time. Special Agent Monica Reyes. Agent Reyes, someone would like to speak with you. Do not be alarmed by his appearance. He's expected to make a full recovery. He'd been near death, so badly burned they were having to reconstruct his entire face. Why would he summon you? He had an offer to make. (monitor beeping steadily) Agent Reyes, please come in. I think you know who I am. I thought that you were dead. They haven't killed me yet, as hard as they may try. Is it hard to look at me? Considering what I know about you, the things you've done, the people you've done them to... I'm not an evil man, Monica. And you're a liar, as well. What did he want, Monica? To make a deal with me, one that left me very little choice. You changed your whole life. You have to understand why. How badly I want a cigarette. Well, I can't help you with that. But you  can  help me, Monica. And for that, I'd spare your life. It's a federal crime to threaten an FBI agent, sir. You're hardly in a position to threaten anyone. You see a man lying here-- a seemingly weak man-- but I'm the most powerful man in the world. You must have a sense of what's happening, heard the reports. How did he threaten you, Monica? With the ultimate weapon-- the ability to depopulate the planet, to kill everyone but the chosen. By tampering with their DNA? Science acquired in the '50s, given to them by an alien race. Alien DNA mixed with our DNA. It's not quite so simple. That's excellent. Just be quick. We don't have a lot of time. Merci. 
 
 (inhaling) (sighs): Ah. Thank you, Monica. You're slowly killing yourself while you hold the world hostage. Oh, the world will go on. Just in my image instead of God's. You think you can play God? Oh, not God, certainly. They won't know what hit them. That their fates were sealed since birth. They were simply puppets. You will die a lonely old man. Oh, I don't think so, Monica. Now that I have you to light my smokes. Why did you call me, Monica? To tell me what a coward you are? To tell you you're protected. What are you talking about? Your abduction. The tests. Your DNA, Dana. You're safe. You're one of the chosen elite. They tampered with my DNA. We are both protected, Dana. That's what he was offering me. But what about everybody else? Everyone else is happening. It's been in motion since 2012. Well, then we have to stop it. The science is complicated. And Mulder... Where's Mulder? He loves Mulder. He sent a man to him to offer Mulder a deal. (door creaks) (both grunting) (gags) (grunting continues) (gun clicks) Who sent you? You sent for me. I'm here. This is so unnecessary, Fox. I don't come when you call. I've controlled you since before you knew I existed. So who's in control now? The world crumbling around us. You set this in motion. Now you're gonna put a stop to it. It's far too late for that, Fox. Too late for your heroics or mine. I don't believe you. You don't want to believe. You may not believe this, but I really want to save your life. I don't make deals with you. So you can see Scully again. You harm her in any way... (chuckles) Every man has his weakness. Mine was always just cigarettes. You think it's power, what you're doing, but it's not. It's sickness. It's sickness not doing it. Spoken like a true psychopath. I didn't set out to destroy the world, Mulder. People did. You can't justify your actions. We have just had the hottest year on record on planet Earth. I didn't do that. I'm not responsible for the 40% loss of-of bird life or the decimation of the megafauna. So just murder all the people?! Aliens predicted all this. They saw it happening to themselves. And you kept it a secret. Look at world history, Fox. Neither you nor I could save mankind from self-extermination. So you plotted your endgame. I just changed the timetable. Everyone still dies in the end. (chuckles) How's it feel now? What good would it do? You'll be dead yourself within a week. What are you offering? A seat at the big table. It would be a shame without you. Mm. I couldn't look at myself in the mirror. Let alone you. We could start the world anew, Fox. You, me, your beloved Scully. Not a rat's chance in hell! You speak to me of hell? (chuckles) When you look to be the one who's hell-bound. You appear a little feverish. The plague? Avian flu? A nasty strain of rhinovirus? It's not too late, Fox. O'Malley : We have breaking news of hospitals being overrun and temporary shelters filling up, but the reality is all too clear. It is a collapse. The mainstream media failing to cover the story, failing to see the writing on the wall, as anthrax outbreaks give way to an epidemic of flu and bacterial diseases. Now, if you see graffiti like this in your neighborhood, you can suspect your DNA is being targeted by a release of aluminum into the atmosphere through chemtrails-- a systematic spreading of a substance that triggers a genetic response. Cases in New York, California, across the country, while right here in Washington, immunity to common germs is breaking down and flooding our city hospitals. (indistinct chatter, people coughing, babies crying) Dr. Scully, we are overwhelmed here. We don't know what to do. Yes, I can see that. I'm trying to figure it out. Are we all just gonna get sick? I don't know, Sandeep. But right now, I need to find Agent Einstein. Yes, I'm gonna call them next. Agent Einstein, I was afraid you left the hospital. No, I'd be afraid to leave. It's gone from bad to worse out there. There's nothing to be done for those people, not yet anyway. Centers For Disease Control confirms massive contagions. They're at a loss to contain them. I'm gonna call the WHO next. I need your help, right here. What can we possibly do? We need to act quickly. You were right about that. Well, I was wrong about the science. I was wrong about what's causing it. Dead wrong, in fact. But it's clearly a widespread failure of our immune systems. Through gene tampering. What you're calling alien DNA. That's where I was mistaken. Alien DNA is what  I  have. And alien DNA is all that can save us. But why is everyone sick? What they have, what you have, what I have to presume the entire population has is something entirely different. It's in the germ line already. It's in sperm, it's in eggs. It's a virus within a virus that was put there through the smallpox vaccine. It's what these men are calling the Spartan Virus. Where are you getting this? From a trusted friend who says that it's not too late to change it. Tell me what I've got to do. I'm gonna take a swab. But what are we looking to do? To amplify my DNA. Using alien DNA to defeat the Spartan Virus by creating a vaccine against it. You're gonna do a PCR, using primers from my sequence. Okay, that shouldn't take long. Good, because we don't have long. This is no time for pride, Fox. I don't... I don't want your help. The ultimate irony. The defeat of the big-brained beasts by the tiniest unthinking microbes. All thanks to the Spartan Virus. Musings of a madman. (chuckles) You don't give up, do you? You'll be sorry when I'm gone. I'll miss you dearly. You've made my life truly worth living. I'm on the king's throne. Feels soft. Just like the king. And yet... I once cheated death. (laughs) Oh, I wish Scully was here... see what a monster you've become. I'm all she'll have left. We'll have to move quickly to extract more of my DNA. First, we'll have to see if it's there. It will be there. It'll be on a band next to the marker. Thank you. Scully : I don't believe this. I don't believe this. There's nothing. There's no alien DNA. I saw it when I sequenced my genome. It was near the centromere on chromosome 17. It was there. (door opens) Sandeep : Excuse me, Dr. Scully. (panting) The doctors are all getting sick. If there is anything you can do. We are getting our first reports of deaths. Soldiers from anthrax and the elderly, all succumbing to infections because of immune systems that have been depleted or disappeared. Launched by someone bent on a biological attack on America. New reports that microwave radiation is also being used as a trigger. And reports this may also be global in scope. Reports in from Europe. Our advice is to stay indoors. My crew here is suffering. But we will attempt to stay on as long as there is still hope of a turnaround. (indistinct chatter, people coughing) (electricity crackles) (sighs) As if we're not already in the dark. We have to figure this out. What's wrong with the science? Okay. The Spartan Virus removes the adenosine deaminase gene from your DNA. Remove the ADA gene, and your immune system will simply vanish. Yeah, but I'm not getting sick. It's only a matter of time. Without alien DNA, you don't stand a chance against the Spartan Virus. Okay. So how does it work? How does the virus remove the ADA gene? A process called CRISPR-CAS... CRISPR-CAS-9. RNA and a protein cutting genes at exact locations. Exactly. But in this instance used as a weapon. So how does your alien DNA protect you from this weapon? I don't know. The alien DNA must code for something that targets the CAS-9 protein. It must somehow deactivate the weapon. But we should have seen it in the gel. Why didn't we see it? They must have known that someone would... would try to find it. That someone would attempt to find a cure. But your DNA is different. Yes. What are you thinking, Agent Einstein? That this was our mistake. What was? Our sample was too small. Cigarette smoking man : Agent Mulder. Agent Mulder. Agent Mulder. Miller (echoing) : Agent Mulder. Agent... I'm getting you out of here. (coughing) Save yourself, Agent Miller. No, I'm not just gonna let you die. Come on. There's nothing you can do. There's nothing anyone can do for him. Nothing to be done for anyone. Maybe nothing here, but we're not staying here. We're leaving. And no one is gonna stop us. You think you'll get far? You have no idea how well we planned. Come on. Let's go. We need to do the PCR using a larger extract of your cells. Because my DNA is different. Because I have extra nucleotides. And we'll get an amplification. And this time, I'm sure we'll see it. (panting) You're not feeling well. Just a little feverish. (panting) I'm not gonna make it. Well, I'm not giving up. Save yourself, Miller. He's got the cure; ask him for it. Why didn't  you  ask him? 'Cause that's exactly what he wants. Who the hell are you anyway? Before he dies, tell him good-bye for me. (engine starts) There it is. There it is. That's alien DNA we're looking at. You'll have to centrifuge it. Think I need to lie down. We're gonna cure you, Agent Einstein. We're gonna have a cure here within a few hours. Don't give up on me. (cell phone ringing) (engine revving) Scully : Agent Miller, where are you? Driving north with Mulder. And what's his condition? He's not doing so well. And what's your condition, Agent Miller? Yeah, we could use a couple doctors. Help is on its way, I promise. Okay, we're gonna keep driving, but there's been a run on gasoline. We may just run out of road here. Keep your phone charged. I'll come and find you wherever you are. It's okay, stay right there. Stay right there. You're gonna need my help. Yes, I am, Agent Einstein. I'm gonna need your help getting these IVs into all the other doctors here. They'll be able to make more of this and help the suffering. If this actually works... It's not gonna fail. ...then I'll have alien DNA. We should all hope to have it. It's the only hope we have. O'Malley :  Reports are hard to come by now. (staticky): Lines of communication are being cut, as systems and infrastructure are falling... and failing with no one to man or operate them. It would now appear... we go out... with a whimper... a frightful, deafening silence. (car horns honking, sirens wailing) (people clamoring) (gasps) Stop it! Stop it, please! Please, everybody, get to the hospital! Get to the hospital! Help is on its way, I promise. Just get to the hospital. I've... just gotten a text from a doctor, saying now there is... a ray of light. A vaccine... that could be a miracle. Don't give up. (car horns honking) (engine starts) (tires screeching) (tires screech, horn honks) (horn honks, tires screech) (horn honking, people shouting) (horn honking) All I see are cars. I don't know how I'm gonna find you. I'm gonna get out of the car, stand in the road, all right? I'm gonna get out, too. I'm getting out. I'm moving in your direction. Yeah, I think I see you. Just... just keep walking straight. Okay. Where is he? Mulder. I'm here. He saved your life. Old Smokey. I suppose I should thank him. We're gonna save your life. Agent Miller... is also in trouble. (coughs) I'll take care of Agent Miller. But right now, we're gonna get an IV into you, okay? Okay. (quietly): He's worse off than I thought. Can you do anything for him? What I can do might not help. He needs stem cells in him right now. Stem cells from who? We have a child together. That child will be protected by his inheritance and my alien DNA. Then we have to get to him. I don't know where he is. (whirring) ♪ ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 