Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 10x01 - My Struggle - The X-Files 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 10x01 - My Struggle https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=174&t=24893 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/25/16 01:16 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 10x01 - My Struggle 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Mulder  (O.C.): My name is Fox Mulder. Since my childhood, I have been obsessed by a controversial global phenomenon. Since my sister disappeared when I was 12 years old... in what I believe was an alien abduction. My obsession took me to the FBI, where I investigated paranormal science cases through the auspices of a unit known as the X-Files. Through this unit, I could continue my work on the alien phenomenon, and the search for my missing sister. 
 Mulder  (O.C.): In 1993, the FBI sought to impugn my work, bringing in a scientist and medical doctor to debunk it... which only deepened my obsession for the better part of a decade, during which time that agent, Dana Scully, had her own faith tested. 
 Mulder  (O.C.): In 2002, in a change of direction and policy, the FBI closed the X-Files, and our investigation ceased. But my personal obsession did not. 
 
 Mulder  (O.C.): There are 10,000 sightings each year in North America alone, and so it's been since the dawn of time... Stone Age and even biblical references into our modern age. 
 Mulder  (O.C.): In 1947, Kenneth Arnold saw nine unidentified craft out the window of his small plane, followed by the historic crash at Roswell and its legendary cover-up. In 1957, UFOs were spotted over our nation's capital. The Pentagon held press briefings. Multiple witnesses in 1967 at Malmstrom Air Force Base in Montana see fighters scramble but easily outrun by UFOs that climb upwards of 200,000 feet, twice the service ceiling of our highest-flying spy planes. Dr. Edgar Mitchell, the sixth man to walk on the Moon, cites secret studies on extraterrestrial materials and bodies. Secretary of State Cyrus Vance and future president Gerald R. Ford validate the UFO phenomenon in official government memoranda. But now people only laugh, and only Roswell is remembered. 
 Mulder  (O.C.): But we must ask ourselves... are they really a hoax? Are we truly alone? Or are we being lied to? 
 
 [ THE TRUTH IS OUT THERE ] 
 
 [ HIGH DESERT NORTHWESTERN NEW MEXICO 1947 ] 
 
 Can I ask how much longer? 
 Two shakes of a lamb's tail, Doc. 
 Step quick. 
 
 [ OUR LADY OF SORROWS HOSPITAL WASHINGTON, D.C. ] 
 
 Excuse me. Dr. Scully? 
 Scully : Yes. 
 You have a phone call. 
 Scully : I'm just heading into surgery. 
 That's what I told him, but... but he said it was important. 
 Scully : Who is it? 
 He says his name is Walter Skinner, Assistant Director, FBI. 
 
 If I was the president, the moment I was inaugurated, my hand would still be hot from touching the Bible, and I would immediately race to... wherever they hold... have the files about Area 51 and UFOs, and I'd go through everything to find out what happened. 
 The aliens won't let it happen. 
 Mulder : My life's become a punch line. What's happening out there, Scully? 
 Scully : A.D. Skinner's looking for you. 
 Mulder : Why doesn't he just call me? 
 Scully : He doesn't know how to reach you, Mulder. I barely know how myself. 
 Mulder : What does he want, Scully? 
 Scully : He wants to know if you've been watching someone called Tad O'Malley on the Net... apparently, he's reached out to us from the FBI. 
 Mulder : Hold on. 
 Mulder  (O.C): I'm bringing him up. 
 It comes down to this. It's a mainstream liberal media lying to you about life, liberty and your God-given right to bear firearms. 
 Mulder : Why would I watch this jackass, Scully? 
 9/11 was a false flag operation. It was a warm-up to World War III. Now, hear me on this. It's all part of a conspiracy dating back to the UFO crash at Roswell... 
 Mulder : I thought you were done with UFOs. 
 Mulder  (O.C.): The stranglehold they put on your very existence, I believe is how you put it. 
 Scully : I'm just the messenger, Mulder. 
 Scully  (O.C.): Apparently this guy is desperate to meet. 
 Mulder : Tell Skinner to set it up. 
 Scully : Seriously? 
 Mulder : And don't pretend I'm going alone. 
 
 [ DOWNTOWN WASHINGTON, D.C. ] 
 
 Scully : Uber? 
 Mulder : Hitchhiked. Relax, Scully. I'm kidding. 
 Scully : I just worry about you, Mulder. 
 Mulder : Not to worry, Doc. I'm taking good care of myself. 
 Scully : It's good for you to get out of that little house every once in a while. 
 Mulder : It certainly was good for you. 
 Scully : I'm always happy to see you. 
 Mulder : And I'm always happy to find a reason. 
 Tad : Fox Mulder? 
 Mulder : Yes. 
 Tad : Tad O'Malley. And you must be former agent Dana Scully. 
 Scully : Yes. That's... quite an entrance you make there. 
 Mulder : She shot men with less provocation. 
 Tad : Funny. I heard you were funny. Join me for a little ride? 
 Mulder : I'd be happy to talk to you, Mr. O'Malley, but right here is fine. 
 Tad : Allow me my small precautions. Low-flying aircraft often employ what they call "dirtboxes" to record conversations that I prefer private. 
 Scully : Aircraft employed by whom? 
 Tad : I'm afraid I can only speculate. Shall we? 
 
 Tad : Because... why not? 
 Mulder : None for me, thanks. Scully? 
 Scully : I take it you have enemies. 
 Tad : Well, not always of my choosing, Dana. 
 Mulder : Air's getting a little hot in here. 
 Tad : Oh, I'm sorry... those don't roll down. I had the vehicle bulletproofed. 'Cause you never know when a gun-toting liberal might go Hinckley. 
 Scully : You'll have to excuse him. How can we help you, Mr. O'Malley? 
 Tad : I'm not some Johnny-come-lately to the UFO phenomenon, Mr. Mulder. Like yourself, I'm a true believer. 
 Mulder : No, I only want to believe. Actual proof has been strangely hard to come by. 
 Tad : You ran the X-Files. You were the X-Files. You all but wrote the book. 
 Mulder : I'm afraid that book is closed. 
 Scully : As are the X-Files. For better or worse, we've... moved on with our lives. 
 Mulder : Yes, we have. For better or for worse. 
 Tad : Well, that's beside the point. 
 Mulder : What is the point, Mr. O'Malley? And how does a man with your conservative credentials count himself a believer in UFOs and 9/11 false flag conspiracies? 
 Tad : I take it you think my message is disingenuous. 
 Mulder : Conspiracy sells... it pays for bulletproof limousines. 
 Tad : You think I do it for the ratings? 
 Mulder : I think you're The O'Reilly Factor with a shopworn little gimmick. 
 Tad : What Bill O'Reilly knows about the truth could fill an eyedropper. 
 Mulder : The Kelly Cahill incident. 
 Tad : Kelly Cahill and her husband were driving home in Victoria, Australia, when a craft appeared overhead. The Cahills lost an hour of time, and Kelly was hospitalized with severe stomach pain after discovering a triangle-shaped mark near her navel. As I said... my interest is real. What I need is your expertise. 
 Scully : Our expertise for what? 
 Tad : I'm rattling some pretty big cages in the intelligence community, but I'm prepared to go all in... prepared to blow open maybe the most evil conspiracy the world has ever known. 
 Scully : That's quite an assertion, Mr. O'Malley. What's stopping you? 
 Tad : If I'm putting my ass out there, I need to know it's hanging by more than just a very slender thread. 
 Mulder : Apparently, he has something to show us. 
 Tad : Something... and someone. 
 
 [ LOW MOOR, VIRGINIA ] 
 
 Scully : Aliens couldn't find this place. How did you, Mr. O'Malley? 
 Tad : A man in my position finds himself contacted by interesting strangers. 
 
 Tad : Everyone, meet Sveta. Sveta, this is Dana Scully and Fox Mulder. 
 Sveta : Hi. 
 Mulder : Hi. 
 Sveta : Hello. Welcome to my home. 
 Tad : Sveta's who suggested I call you. 
 Mulder : And how would you know to do that? 
 Sveta : You probably don't recognize me. 
 Mulder : No, I think I'd remember. 
 Sveta : You interviewed me and my family when I was just a little girl. Right after my first abduction. Please, come in. 
 
 Sveta : These are from over 20 years. 
 Tad : You both probably recognize the classic scoop-mark scars. 
 Scully : How many times have you been abducted, Sveta? 
 Sveta : I lost count. And then there are the screen memories they implant. 
 Tad : The memories implanted over actual memories to make abductees forget. 
 Scully : I'm familiar with the syndrome. 
 Sveta : They aren't always effective, and things come back to me sometimes. 
 Scully : Like what kind of things? 
 Sveta : Tests they do. Harvesting and stuff. 
 Scully : The aliens made you pregnant? 
 Sveta : A number of times. But they take the babies before they're born. Those are the memories they can't remove. 
 Scully : They removed your unborn fetuses? 
 Sveta : Through here. They do everything through here. Even with the DNA. 
 Tad : Tell them about your DNA, Sveta. 
 Sveta : I have alien DNA. For sure. 
 Scully : Have you had a doctor confirm that? 
 Sveta : No. 
 Mulder : Something you could test? Dana? 
 
 Oh, Lord. Oh, good Lord. 
 Damn thing could be dangerous. 
 What are you doing?! For God's sake, what have you done? 
 
 [ OUR LADY OF SORROWS HOSPITAL ] 
 
 Scully : I'm gonna take a swab. If you'll roll up your sleeve, I'll get some blood, too. 
 Sveta : I know you're doubtful about this. 
 Scully : What makes you say that, Sveta? 
 Sveta : I'm kind of a mind reader. 
 Scully : Is that a personal trait, or is that what happens with alien DNA? 
 Sveta : I can move things. With my mind. 
 Scully : Would you care to demonstrate? 
 Sveta : I can't do it all the time. 
 Scully : So it just... happens whenever. 
 Sveta : I don't know how to control it. You were a couple before. 
 Scully : I'm sorry, what? 
 Sveta : You and Mr. Mulder. You were together, but now you're not. 
 Scully : You reading my mind, Sveta? 
 Sveta : He's been depressed. What you diagnosed as endogenous depression. It's what killed your relationship. And you have a child together. 
 Scully : That's enough. 
 Sveta : Do you believe me now? 
 Scully : Why don't you tell me. 
 Sveta : You don't know what it's like to be abducted. To be taken against your will. You don't know. Well... maybe you do. 
 
 Mulder : I was right about one thing. Conspiracy's made you a very rich man. 
 Tad : One way to look at it. What's made me rich is my pursuit of the truth. 
 Mulder : My pursuit's not been so lucrative. 
 Tad : I feel I need to warn you. When we arrive at our destination, the people we're meeting are very paranoid about the work they do. 
 
 Tad : I want to prepare you for what you're about to see, Mr. Mulder. 
 Mulder : A Faraday cage? For what? 
 Tad : Do you know what an ARV is? 
 Mulder : That's what you brought me here to see? 
 Tad : This is Garner. He'll walk you through the science. 
 Mulder : That's an alien replica vehicle? 
 Garner : Given your background, I would've thought you'd seen one before. 
 Mulder : No, never. Not like that. 
 Garner : What we're showing you we do at great risk. Colleagues have had labs burned to the ground and work destroyed by our own government. 
 Garner : It's running on toroidal energy, so-called zero-point energy. Simply the energy of the universe. 
 Mulder : You're talking about free energy? 
 Garner : That we've had since the '40s. No fuel, no flame, no combustion. A simple electromagnetic field. Technology kept secret for 70 years while the world ran on petroleum. 
 Mulder : Oil companies making trillions. 
 Garner : What I'm gonna show you next is the most unbelievable part. 
 Mulder : Gravity warp drive... but how? 
 Garner : Element 115. Ununpentium. 
 Mulder : Where did you get it? 
 
 Where are you going with that thing? 
 I'm a man of medicine, sir. 
 It's dead. It's done now. 
 Then why even bring me out here? 
 
 Tad : Testing yourself for alien DNA? 
 Scully : High cholesterol. 
 Tad : Sorry to barge in on you like this. It looks like you've had quite a day. 
 Scully : The usual around here. 
 Tad : Doesn't look so usual to me. 
 Scully : It's a disease called Microtia. Children born without ears. 
 Tad : You operate on these kids? 
 Scully : I assist the surgeons, who are really doing God's work. Giving kids what their biology neglected. 
 Tad : So it's a genetic deformity? 
 Scully : Possibly, but not conclusively. It's most common in Navajo Indians. 
 Tad : What's so striking is how alien it looks. 
 Scully : I assure you that is simply a random coincidence, Mr. O'Malley. 
 Tad : You mean, unrelated to your previous work experience? 
 Scully : Far, far from that experience. 
 Tad : Do you miss it at all? The X-Files? 
 Scully : As a scientist, it was probably some of the most intense and challenging work I've ever done. I've never felt so alive. 
 Tad : You mean working with Mulder? 
 Scully : Possibly one of the most intense and challenging relationships I may ever have. And, quite honestly, the most impossible. 
 Tad : Yeah. I got that impression. 
 Scully : Are you here for a reason? 
 Tad : I needed to know you weren't upset by Mulder putting you on the spot with this Sveta business. 
 Scully : No, it's fine. I'm... used to it. 
 Tad : And I just wanted to see you again. 
 
 
 
 
 Sveta : How did you get here? 
 Mulder : Hitchhiked. 
 Mulder : There was a moment you were being asked about your abductions... about your pregnancies, how the aliens took your babies... and before you answered, you looked at O'Malley. Why? 
 Sveta : Because it's not exactly the right question. 
 Mulder : I'm sorry, I don't understand. 
 Sveta : Because I don't believe it's aliens who were taking them. 
 Mulder : But you said you were abducted. 
 Sveta : This is difficult. These are very difficult memories, and this is... very dangerous answers. 
 Mulder : Well, everything stays between us, Sveta. 
 Sveta : The things I've experienced... they've affected my entire life. They've made it impossible to have anything like a normal existence. 
 Mulder : What are you afraid of? 
 Sveta : That it only gets worse. 
 Mulder : Sveta, who took your babies? 
 Sveta : Men. 
 Mulder : Men? Humans? You saw their faces? 
 Sveta : Yes. They took me aboard their ships. And... I was afraid they would kill me if I ever told anyone the truth. 
 Mulder : It's why you didn't see a doctor. 
 Sveta : Who can I trust? They would call me a liar when they're the liars. 
 Mulder : You can trust me. 
 Sveta : You worked for the government. 
 Mulder : Technically, but not for years. 
 Sveta : But you always wondered. If they weren't lying to you, too. 
 [ MULDER TAP TO ANSWER ] 
 Scully : Mulder. 
 Mulder : Scully, listen to me. I've been misled. We've been misled. 
 Scully : Mulder, hold on a second. 
 Mulder : No, just-just listen to what I'm saying. What if everything we've been led to believe in is a lie? 
 Mulder  (O.C.): What if there is no alien conspiracy? 
 Scully : Can we pull over a second? I've got to get out. 
 Scully : Mulder, what are you talking about? 
 Mulder : I'm talking about everything we've been led to believe. 
 Mulder  (O.C.): Our work, the X-files, everything. 
 Scully : Can we talk about this soon? 
 Mulder : I know why O'Malley came to us, Scully. And that girl is the key, Scully. Sveta is the key to everything. 
 Scully : Couldn't you be jumping to conclusions? 
 Mulder : I can't do this over the phone right now, Scully. I got to go. 
 Scully : Mulder, where are you going? Mulder? Talk to me. 
 
 [ FBI HEADQUARTERS WASHINGTON, D.C ] 
 
 Mulder : Where are they... the files? 
 Skinner : I don't know where they are. 
 Mulder : You said no one had been down here, it hadn't been touched. 
 Skinner : Not for 14 years since you and Scully left the Bureau. 
 Mulder : I need access to the X-Files. 
 Skinner : Can you tell me what this is about? 
 Mulder : It's about controlling the past to control the future. It's about fiction masquerading as fact. Now, you owe me some answers, Skinner. 
 Skinner : You just calm the hell down, Mulder, before we both get pissed off. I don't take orders from you. 
 Mulder : No. Who do you take orders from? 
 Skinner : Why do you think I called you? Because I was looking out for you, like I've always looked out for you. 
 Mulder : A decade of my life in this office. And all the time, I was being led by my nose through a dark alley to a dead end, exactly as they planned. 
 Skinner : You're blaming me for that? 
 Mulder : No, I'm blaming myself. I'm sure they lied to you, too. 
 Skinner : There hasn't been a day since you left that I haven't reached for my phone to call you, Mulder, wishing that you were still down here. Since 9/11, this country has taken a big turn in a very strange direction. 
 Mulder : How they police us and spy on us, tell us that makes us safer? We've never been in more danger. 
 Skinner : Then do something about it, Mulder. 
 Mulder : Now you've got my number. 
 
 So if you own a registered firearm, you will actually be targeted as an enemy by your own government in the likely imposition of martial law. But I'd like to end the show on a brighter note by pointing out the heroic work being done by a friend of mine. Literally putting kids back together who are born without something we all take for granted. At Our Lady of Sorrows Hospital in Washington, D.C., Dr. Dana Scully, working to mend the lives of unfortunate children. 
 Dr. Scully? I've got your test results back. 
 Scully : Thank you. Nurse? I need you to do something. 
 Of course. 
 Scully : I need these samples retested. 
 Was there a problem with them? 
 Dr. Scully? We need you in here. 
 Scully : I just want them retested, please. Thank you. Oh. And I'm expecting a call... well, I'm hoping for a call... from somebody named Mulder. 
 
 [ NATIONAL MALL WASHINGTON, D.C. ] 
 
 Is the hour absolutely necessary? 
 Mulder : It was important that I see you. 
 We made an agreement about our meeting in unsecured environments. 
 Mulder : I took the usual precautions. I'm assuming you did, too. I've been standing here for over an hour. I haven't seen a soul. I called you because you said, if I ever put the pieces together, that you would confirm. 
 And have you put them together? 
 Mulder : I've met someone, I've seen something. 
 'Cause you weren't even close. Warring aliens lighting each other on fire and other such nonsense. 
 Mulder : I was being cleverly manipulated. 
 And what brings this new clarity? 
 Mulder : I saw an ARV running on free energy. I saw it disappear. 
 That's what they all seem to do. 
 Mulder : But the technology exists. It's existed since Roswell. And it's been in use, being used on humans in human testing, the taking of men, women and children that's misreported as alien abductions. 
 So you believe you have the how. 
 Mulder : Yes. And I think I know the why. 
 The why is more complicated than you may ever know, Mr. Mulder. 
 Mulder : 60 years ago, we were warned about the military industrial complex gathering too much power. 
 This is old news. 
 Mulder : The countdown has begun. It began in 2012, but no one knew. 
 Tell me something new. 
 Mulder : Alien technology being used against us, not by aliens, not with aliens, but by a venal conspiracy of men against humanity. 
 You're wasting my time. 
 Mulder : What are the tests for? 
 You tell me, Mr. Mulder. 
 Mulder : Ten years ago, you came to me saying you couldn't take your secrets to your grave, that you couldn't live with it. 
 I'm a man of medicine. I didn't know how my work would be used. The lies are so great, Mr. Mulder. The truth must be unassailable. 
 Mulder : So let me tell the world. 
 They'll make a mockery of us. 
 Mulder : Then let me take that bullet. 
 And these men are capable of that. You're nearly there. You're close. Roswell. That was a smokescreen. 
 Mulder : So I've been told. 
 
 Mulder : What are you doing here, Scully? 
 Scully : Mulder, you hang up on me, I don't hear from you all day, you're on some jag about the X-Files. 
 Mulder : I figured it out. It all makes complete sense. All these years, we've been deceived. 
 Scully : I don't know what you mean. 
 Mulder : I... I couldn't call you because it's gonna sound crazy. 
 Scully : That's why I'm here, Mulder, as somebody who cares about you. As somebody who's worried about you. 
 Mulder : All right, just listen to me, all right? 
 Scully : No, you listen to me, Mulder. 
 Mulder : Scully, you got to trust me on this. 
 Scully : I have seen this before. You're on fire, believing that you're onto some truth, that you can save the world. 
 Mulder : This will finally be their undoing. 
 Scully : It'll be your undoing, Mulder. 
 Mulder : This is my life. This is everything. This is everything I believe in. 
 Scully : You want to believe. You so badly want to believe. 
 Mulder : I do believe. I believe that Tad O'Malley is right. This is not an alien conspiracy. It's a conspiracy of men. 
 Scully : Tad O'Malley is a charming man full of charming BS, Mulder. 
 Mulder : No, he woke me up. 
 Scully : How do you know he's not playing you? He's a player. 
 Mulder : He's been a godsend. 
 Scully : What are you talking about? 
 Mulder : The truth is out there, Scully, and Tad O'Malley's gonna broadcast it. 
 Scully : Mulder... listen to me. As your friend and as a physician, you are on dangerous ground here. 
 Mulder : I know what I'm doing. 
 Sveta : Is everything okay? 
 Mulder : Yeah, everything is okay. She's the key to everything. Sveta... is the key. 
 Scully : You know what you're doing. 
 Mulder : Scully... 
 
 Tad : Hey. Where you going? You're not leaving, are you? 
 Scully : I just need to get out of here. 
 Tad : Stay. It's important. 
 Scully : Don't tell me what's important, please. I just need to leave. 
 Tad : Wasn't she invited? 
 Mulder : I would have invited you, Scully, but I didn't think you'd come. 
 Scully : I shouldn't have come. 
 Tad : Then what are you doing here? 
 Scully : Mulder, what are you up to? 
 
 Mulder : The tentacles reach far back into the last century, but it wasn't until victories in Europe and Japan and the onset of the Cold War that political and economic conditions became perfect for actual execution. A conspiracy bigger and more secret than the Manhattan Project. 
 Tad : More odious and far-reaching. 
 Mulder : No sooner had we defeated Germany than a new threat started appearing in skies over America, drawn to Earth by the latest threat to extinction: the H-bomb. Explosions acting as transducers, drawing alien life forms through wormholes in spaceships using electrogravitic propulsion. Advanced extraterrestrial species visiting us, concerned for mankind and the threat of our self-destruction, forestalling our annihilation through their own self-sacrifice. 
 Mulder : The crashes at Roswell. More importantly, places like Aztec. World leaders signed secret memos directing scientific studies of alien technology and biochemistry. Classified studies were done at military installations S4, Groom Lake, Wright-Patterson and Dulce, extracting alien tissue. 
 Mulder : Tests were done on unsuspecting human subjects in elaborately staged abductions, in craft using alien technology recovered from the downed saucers... including human hybridization through gene editing and forced implantation of alien embryos. 
 Sveta : Why do such a thing and lie about it... our own government? 
 Mulder : Your own government lies as a matter of course, as a matter of policy... the Tuskegee experiments on black men in the '30s; Henrietta Lacks. 
 Sveta : What are they trying to do? 
 Mulder : That's the missing piece. 
 Tad : But it's not hard to imagine... a government hiding, hoarding... alien technology for 70 years, at the expense of human life and the future of the planet. Driven not only by corporate greed, but... a darker objective. 
 Mulder : The takeover of America. 
 Tad : And then the world itself, by any means necessary, however violent... or cruel... or efficient. By severe drought brought on by weather wars conducted secretly using aerial contaminants and high-altitude electromagnetic waves, in a state of perpetual war to create problem-reaction- solution scenarios to distract, enrage and enslave American citizens at home with tools like the Patriot Act and the National Defense Authorization Act, which abridged the Constitution in the name of national security. 
 Tad : The militarization of police forces in cities across the U.S. The building of prison camps by the Federal Emergency Management Agency with no stated purpose. The corporate takeover of food and agriculture, pharmaceuticals and health care, even the military, in clandestine agendas, to fatten, dull, sicken and control a populace already consumed by consumerism. 
 And I encourage you all to go shopping more. 
 Tad : A government that taps your phone, collects your data and monitors your whereabouts with impunity. A government preparing to use that data against you when it strikes and the final takeover begins. 
 Scully : The takeover of America. 
 Tad : By a well-oiled and well-armed multinational group of elites that will cull, kill and subjugate. 
 Scully : Happening as we sit here. 
 Tad : It's happening all around us. 
 Mulder : The other shoe waiting to drop. 
 Tad : It'll probably start on a Friday. The banks will announce a security action necessitating their computers to go offline all weekend. 
 Mulder : Digital money will disappear. 
 Sveta : They can just steal your money? 
 Mulder : Followed by the detonation of strategic electromagnetic pulse bombs to knock out major grids. 
 Tad : What will seem like an attack on America by terrorists or Russia. 
 Mulder : Or a simulated alien invasion using alien replica vehicles that exist and are already in use. 
 Scully : An alien invasion of the U.S. 
 Mulder : The Russians tried it in '47. 
 Scully : You can't say these things. 
 Tad : I'm gonna say them tomorrow. 
 Scully : It's fearmongering claptrap, isolationist techno-paranoia so bogus and dangerous and stupid... that it borders on treason. Saying these things would be incredibly irresponsible. 
 Mulder : It's irresponsible not to say it. 
 Sveta : Especially if it's the truth. 
 Scully : Your test came back negative. 
 Mulder : What do you mean, negative? 
 Scully : She has no evidence of alien DNA. 
 
 [ TRUTH SQUAD WITH TAD O'MALLEY SHOW ] 
 
 Tad : I promised you the truth today, but that truth has come under assault. 
 Sveta : Tad O'Malley tried to put words in my mouth. He paid me to create stories about alien abductions. He is saying lies and stories for his TV show so people will watch. I am... so sorry if I misled anyone. 
 Mulder : They got to her. 
 Tad  (O.C.): These are the depths our government stoops to. We must be making them very afraid. 
 Nurse : Dr. Scully? Your test results came back in. 
 
 Mulder : Sveta? Sveta? Sveta? 
 
 No, no. Stop! You can't! You have no right... 
 
 [ "FINDER SPYDER" TRUTH SQUAD WITH TAD O'MALLEY ] 
 [ ERROR 404 SITE TEMPORARILY UNAVAILABLE ] 
 
 [ DON'T GIVE UP ] 
 Mulder : There's something called the Venus syndrome. It's a runaway global warming scenario that leads us to the brink of the Sixth Extinction. Those with means will prepare to move off the planet into space, which has already been weaponized against the poor, huddled masses of humanity that haven't been exterminated by the uber-violent fascist elites. If you believe in that kind of thing. 
 Scully : You look exhausted, Mulder. 
 Mulder : It was a long day at the office. 
 Scully : I don't know if you saw, but... Tad O'Malley pulled the plug. 
 Mulder : They're very good, these guys, you know? 
 Scully : And what about Sveta? Where is she? 
 Mulder : I'm sure they scared her to death. 
 Scully : We need to find her, Mulder. We need to protect her, no matter what. 
 Mulder : Why? You said her tests came back negative. 
 Scully : I ran them again. In fact... I sequenced her entire genome because I didn't trust the initial results. 
 Mulder : Are you saying she has alien DNA? 
 Scully : And I sequenced my own genome... because of my history and... because we have a child together. 
 Mulder : Scully... what are you saying? 
 Scully : I'm saying she's not the only one. I'm saying someone has to stop these sons of bitches. 
 Mulder : Skinner. 
 Skinner. 
 [ SITUATION CRITICAL. NEED TO SEE YOU BOTH ASAP. ] 
 Mulder : Scully, are you ready for this? 
 Scully : I don't know there's a choice. 
 
 Sveta : Oh, no... Please... Please don't quit. No. Oh, no. No! No! 
 
 Yes. Yes. I see. We have a small problem. They've reopened the X-Files. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 