Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 11x02 - This - The X-Files 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 11x02 - This https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=174&t=40854 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/17/20 21:31 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 11x02 - This 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 One, two, three, four! 
 Mulder. 
 Mulder. 
 Mulder. 
 Mulder. 
 Mulder. 
 Mulder... Mulder. 
 Mulder. 
 Well, I'm going out west where I belong 
 Mulder. 
 What? 
 Fox Mulder. Langly? 
 I believe... I believe you knew me as Langly. 
 Richard Langly. Ringo Langly. 
 Lone Gunmen Langly? 
 And I'll walk a little walk I'll twist a little twist And I'll shimmy a little shimmy And I'll fly a little fly 
 Mulder, I need to know. 
 Am I dead? 
 If I am, they know that I know. 
 Know that he knows what? 
 Go. 
 Well, I'm going out west out on the coast Where the California girls are really the most 
 And I'll walk a little walk I'll twist a little twist And I'll shimmy a little shimmy And I'll fly and they'll shimmy And I'll fly and they'll fly Where they're out there having fun in the warm California sun Where they're out there having fun... 
 Scully? 
 You all right? There's one in the room. 
 Behind the couch. 
 Two down, all clear. 
 Mulder. 
 Mulder. 
 Am I... dead? 
 If I am... they know that I know. 
 Better call it in from a landline. Yeah. 
 This is Special Agent Dana Scully, XF072161. 
 Yes, Washington, D.C. Field Office. 
 Yes, I'm calling in an incident where multiple gunshots were exchanged. 
 There are two suspects on the ground. 
 No, we weren't injured. 
 Agent Mulder's residence, yes. 
 Yeah. Faras Corner. 
 227700 Wallace Road. 
 You're careful not to taint that, but you're willing to conceal this? 
 You said taint. 
 This may not be related to that. 
 Yes, but we're not gonna know unless it's properly investigated. 
 Scully, 10 minutes ago, we received a message... from a man who's been dead for 16 years. 
 Now you want me to hand it to Evidence... where it's gonna sit in a locker for two, three years? 
 I was gone back then. 
 Could...? Could Langly be alive? 
 No. 
 I was at Langly's. At the Lone Gunmen's... burial in the Arlington Cemetery. 
 But did you ever see Langly's body? 
 Well, nobody did. 
 They were exposed to a weaponized strain of the Marburg virus. 
 Their bodies were incinerated. It's gotta be connected. 
 That... That whatever Langly message and this. 
 They know that he knows. Who's they? 
 I mean, it's... it's... it's too much of a coincidence, right? 
 I think that the Langly message was warning us these guys were coming. 
 It wasn't warning us. 
 It asked if he were dead. 
 What do you think it was? 
 I don't know what I think. I don't know. 
 But I'll tell you what I do know. 
 We gotta take a trip to IKEA. 
 Well, that was fast. 
 What is that? 
 The Critical Incident Response Group? Never. 
 I got 14 rounds. Eight. 
 Don't answer the phone. 
 If we use the phone, they may be able to pinpoint our exact location in the house. 
 Identify yourself. 
 Can't hear you. Answer your phone. 
 Should I call Skinner? 
 We haven't talked to him in a couple weeks, and I don't know where he stands. 
 We are federal agents. We are armed. Identify yourselves. 
 Hold on, hold on, see, the we are armed thing. 
 That is a problem for you. Put down your guns. Come out. 
 Hello? Skinner, it's Scully. I'm with Mulder. 
 Listen to me, Scully. You don't have much time. 
 Surrender. I can't explain on an open line, but I can't help you right now. 
 Waiting! 
 The only chance you have is to put down your weapons and surrender. 
 You know what you did. 
 We defended ourselves. 
 Yeah, yeah, that's what they all say. 
 But see, they were wearing body cams. 
 You know how that turns out for the ones who weren't. 
 Skinner says surrender. 
 Why should we surrender? To who? 
 I don't know. Why are we under suspicion? 
 Identify yourselves or we'll be forced to consider you hostile agents... and respond with deadly action and the aggressive action. 
 Identify ourselves? No. 
 We don't need to identify ourself. 
 What world are you living in? 
 Where's your phone, bro? 
 Easy for Orwell to say. 
 I want to believe. 
 Here's what I believe. 
 We would've all saved lots of money and headaches if we only knew... that Americans would have been just fine losing the Cold War. 
 If they could only make a little money off of it. 
 You guys there, find his phone. 
 You two, watch these two. 
 Once we find his phone... 
 Hold on, hold on. Hold on. 
 This is Richard Langly. 
 Richard Langly. Ringo Langly, I need to know. 
 Well, well, well, Ringo. Am I dead? 
 You're never going to know. 
 And neither will these two. 
 Surrender? 
 Give up? 
 I'm risking my own ass being out here. 
 Who are they? Why are you so afraid? 
 They're not U.S. Intelligence, I'll tell you that much. 
 The commander was Russian. 
 Skinner, tell us who they are. 
 It's Perlu Services. 
 American security contractor with headquarters in Moscow. 
 A private contractor has ascendancy over the FBI? 
 When they're a classified security directive. 
 From the Executive Branch. 
 I thought they were questioning you guys, why would they want to kill you? 
 You tell us. 
 They're not supposed to kill Intelligence agents, but apparently they will. 
 You need to come with me. 
 Do you have any money? 
 Take it. 
 It's all I have on me. 
 Is Langly alive? 
 Lone Gunman Langly? 
 You and I buried him in Arlington along with Byers and Frohike. 
 You didn't answer my question. 
 I just did. 
 He's buried in Arlington. 
 Hack Mulder's phone. 
 Find out how he contacted Mulder. 
 Kill switch. 
 Here's Byers. 
 Frohike. What are we looking for, Mulder? 
 Knowing Langly, bread crumbs. 
 His birthdate is wrong. 
 October 13th, we shared the same birthday. 
 Byers was born on the day Kennedy was assassinated, so that's correct. 
 Frohike. 
 1945. 
 Frohike look 57 to you when he died? 
 Frohike looked 57 the day he was born. 
 His birthday is the same day that FDR died. 
 So Langly, March 28, 1969. Any president die that day? 
 Eisenhower. 
 Who needs Google when you got Scully? 
 Right? 
 Well... 
 JFK was the 35th president, Eisenhower was the 34th president, FDR... 
 Now you're just showing off, really. 
 The... 
 Thirty-two. Thirty-second president. 
 32, 34, 35. 
 32nd, 34th, 35th, anything in that? 
 You mean, other than the fact that the 33rd is missing? 
 Thirty-third? Three and three? 
 Three up, three down, three over? 
 Well, he's facing this way. 
 One... 
 Two... 
 Three, I'll go this way. 
 All right. 
 Scully. 
 This is it. 
 I watched his funeral. 
 From a thousand yards away. Over there, through binoculars. 
 Deep Throat. 
 I didn't know his real name until right now. 
 I never visited out of respect, I guess. 
 1994. 
 He's dead because the world was so dangerous and complex then. 
 Who'd have thought we'd look back with nostalgia... and say that was a simpler time, Scully? 
 Everything we feared came to pass. How the hell did that happen? 
 Mulder, Deep Throat was assassinated eight years before the Lone Gunmen died. 
 How and why would Langly leave bread crumbs at a grave... in a graveyard that he didn't even know he was gonna be buried in? 
 This cross... 
 It's different from all the others. It's not engraved. It protrudes. 
 What is that? 
 Wait. 
 Thank you, Skinner. 
 I think it's a Memory Medallion. 
 You scan it, and it links to a video of the pet or person. 
 But I don't have my phone to scan it. 
 Mulder... 
 Do gravediggers work at night? 
 I'm gonna open an X-file on this bran muffin. 
 I gotta get to the bottom of why it's so freaking good. 
 I don't care if it came out of an alien's butt, I'm gonna eat the whole thing. 
 All right. 
 New Yorkers call it the Long Lines Building. 
 Edward Stone documents indicate the building, code name Titanpointe... was used as an NSA surveillance station in a program code-named, Blarney. 
 It was started in the '70s and expanded after 9/11. 
 Why? Why did he point us to the NSA program? 
 Why didn't he tell us it was about a building? 
 I opened an X-file on this building in the '90s. 
 Langly actually provided the initial information, we should check it out. 
 It? 
 An X-file? 
 You mean the X-files that are in our office that we can't get into kind of X-file? 
 Right. 
 Okay. 
 Don't get in. 
 Put the weapon down, Mulder. 
 Can't do that, sir. You seem to be working with people who tried to kill us. 
 I don't work with them. 
 The world is different, Mulder. 
 When Scully started, it was just us. 
 Dark forces in the U.S. government, there was barely a Russia. 
 Now there's 17 U.S. intelligence agencies. Homeland Security, Russian FSB... 
 Chinese MSS, ISIS, al Qaeda, Blackwater. 
 Private companies launched to the space station. 
 All of them are in bed with one another, while trying to exterminate each other. 
 And that includes each of us. 
 We need your help, Walter. 
 Even if we don't trust you. 
 What is this? 
 How did we get here? 
 What about us? 
 We were the ones who were just assaulted. 
 We can't go to our home. They'll be waiting for us at our office. 
 We're not asking for you to get us out of this. 
 But we do expect your help. 
 We need to see the X-files. 
 If you wanna see the X-files, you don't have to go to the office. 
 After the X-files were closed in 2002... the Agency lobbied Director Mueller for jurisdiction over the files. 
 They were looking to cross-reference their own past research in telekinesis... 
 MK-ULTRA, remote viewing, with your fieldwork. 
 The agency then contracted a private company... to digitize and maintain the files online... for any U.S. intelligence agencies to have classified access. 
 A private contractor. Perlu? 
 So the Russians who tried to kill us have had access to all of our work? 
 When the X-files were reopened, why weren't we told? 
 Why didn't you tell us? The X-files belonged to us. 
 Do you work with them? 
 Do you work for them? 
 You two were gone. 
 I was left here. I didn't know if you were coming back... and the files are too important to sit in a basement gathering dust. 
 And what's in them... belongs to everyone. That's the point of them. 
 Control of the X-files reverted back to the FBI after the files were reopened. 
 Yeah? Right. 
 All the files on NSA Project Blarney and the Titanpointe Building are gone. 
 Langly has been bleached from the X-files. 
 Not just the person, but any information... 
 Langly contributed to theoretical computer science. 
 Byers and Frohike are still in here. 
 Cryptographic protocols, machine learning, quantum algorithms, all gone. 
 All right, thanks. 
 I had the Director speak with the Executive Branch... to call this off, but the... 
 The Bureau's not in good standing with the White House these days. 
 How do you like that? 
 The FBI finally found out what it's like to be looked upon as a little spooky. 
 Okay. So complete the two problems and e-mail me your solutions by Friday. 
 We're old friends of Richard Langly. 
 I figured if I... hadn't seen you in five years, then I never would and I could... stop regretting. 
 We received a message on my cell. 
 Asking if he was alive. 
 You should go. They're watching. 
 Who is watching? 
 Perlu Services. 
 They came to us 15 years ago... with the science and the math to prove that we could live forever. 
 The contract states we can live out our natural lives. 
 We could continue our work after we die. 
 And where is Richard now? 
 They brought us to a facility, and over a two-week period... they scanned and copied the salient features of our biological brain. 
 They uploaded us into a simulation. 
 The two minds could never exist at once. 
 Our simulated selves would come into consciousness... in that life once we died in this. 
 And so did he instruct you to leave this for us? 
 He entrusted me in case he discovered that they had lied about life in the simulation. 
 And if Richard is reaching out, then they must have. 
 We wanted a life eternal together. 
 So we took the deal. 
 But we theorized what to do if it was not what they had offered. 
 How would that life know it was a simulation? 
 There would be cheats. 
 The stars and the moon, they wouldn't be fully realized. 
 The background people wouldn't be fully rendered. 
 They'd constrict the use of technology, of two-way contact to control them. 
 But Richard being Richard, hacked a way to reach out. 
 Why reach out to me if you're alive? 
 Memory... isn't erased, it's suppressed. 
 They've probably theorized, as we have, that their lives are a simulation... that perhaps Richard's subconscious... must have recalled the two of you investigating this type of subject matter. 
 Remember, he saw Mulder in his dreams. Who hasn't? 
 Perlu is likely aware that Richard is reaching out to you... to expose a simulation. 
 Is there anything we can do to help Langly get through? 
 Do you have the cell? 
 No, it was taken from us. 
 I phreaked my phone years ago... using video signal manipulation to my cell. 
 We'd have to help him by making this side easier to reach. 
 You're gonna have to edit the SIM card to your number and follow these steps... for the phone so that you can con... 
 Mulder, that's evidence. 
 He's evidence. 
 Whoa, whoa, whoa. Sorry. Come on. 
 It's been a... It's been a long day. Tough day. Thank you. 
 Freaking out here. 
 Scully, you looked so adorbs just there. 
 
 
 
 All curled up in a ball in the booth of a skanky bar... with your fingers wrapped around the grip of an assassin's Glock. 
 Well, I'm going out west where I belong I did what I could to follow Dr. Hamby's algorithms... and I added what little I know about phreaking... and we have to wait and see if we receive another transmission. 
 But they knew Langly was trying to reach us. 
 They knew Dr. Hamby knew about Langly and the computer simulations. 
 The longer we leave the phone on, the sooner they're gonna find us. 
 So I gotta turn it off, and we gotta move to different spots. 
 Scully. 
 Is this Mulder? 
 Yes, it's... it's Mulder. It is Mulder. 
 Is that Langly? 
 Richard Langly? 
 It's Mulder and Scully. 
 Scully? 
 Dana? 
 Dana Scully? 
 Yeah. 
 But I'm not real though. That right? 
 You are real, and I'm not? 
 Dr. Hamby told us you were in a simulation. 
 Mulder, it's like I designed heaven. 
 I eat hot dogs and doughnuts all day long. 
 No one here ever dies of cancer or Alzheimer's. 
 And The Ramones are here. And they don't fight. 
 Every night they get on-stage and they play California Sun. 
 And I circle the mosh pit like they do on the West Coast. 
 There's consensual s*x without blame or judgment. 
 Oh, and the New England Patriots are here and they never, ever win. 
 Ever. 
 And I'm begging you, destroy it. 
 We're living a lie here. 
 It's a work camp. We're digital slaves. 
 They take our uploaded minds to develop science... that only the elite will use to leave your world. 
 We turn theories of space colonization into realities for them. 
 We dream, but we're not allowed to have dreams. 
 Goals, nothing for ourselves. 
 No choice, no diversity. 
 There's a... There's a wall around this place, and the stars are fake. 
 And the sunlight has no warmth. 
 And all the great minds that have died since they realized this place are here. 
 Steve Jobs. Marvin Minsky. Michael Crichton. 
 They all hate it here. 
 They don't even know who they are. 
 What we were in that life is completely opposite from what we are here. 
 Go to the Long Lines Building. Titanpointe. 
 Please, for all of us. Shut this down. 
 Travel guides for NSA personnel... to Titanpointe for Blarney operations were included in the Snowden leaks. 
 NSI and FBI personnel could not carry identification to or in the building. 
 You'd have to arrange for a meeting a week prior... and confirm with the program director 24 hours before. 
 That's what we're sure of. What we're not sure of is... 
 Whether they serve mimosas on the bus? 
 High five, Scully. 
 That was fun. 
 Are you kidding me? 
 Langly believed there was a tunnel between Titanpointe... and the FBI Field Office a few blocks away. 
 You think we can get in there looking like this without raising suspicion? 
 You look good. 
 I'm a bit tied up here to flash you my ID, but Special Agent Scully... 
 XF071261, Washington Field Office. 
 I can take him upstairs to Holding. No, I'm taking him to Titanpointe. 
 The NSA guys wanna question him. 
 It would help if you could get us in the tunnel. 
 After you drop him off, maybe you'll come back and repay the favor. 
 It's easier getting him through without cuffs. 
 I'm not uncuffing him. This guy's like Hannibal Lecter-level psycho. 
 So, hon... what's your home office? 
 Sorry, bro. Married to the Bureau. 
 All right. 
 If they're waiting outside the elevator doors when they open, that's it... so I'm guessing the computer simulation is housed on one of the upper floors... by an exhaust opening. 
 But there are 29 floors. 
 26, 28. What's after 28? 
 30, 32, 34, 36, 38... 
 There they are! Over there! 
 Follow her. 
 Go! Down the stairs! 
 What are you running for? 
 Ain't you heard, FBI Mulder? You're on our side now. 
 I'll confess. 
 After our last encounter... 
 I was disappointed by you. 
 I didn't get your value to Mr. Y. 
 But he explained that we'd meet over and over and then I'd... change my opinion. 
 In the last few days, I've seen your instinct for survival. 
 Well, now that I've won you over, you'll stop sending assassins to kill us? 
 We've really turned a corner. 
 Easy. You have a way to go, Fox. 
 Or rather, you need to change how you look at all this. 
 You're still refusing to answer the question of your father. 
 You don't understand what's about to happen. 
 Our world is a progression of one life being replaced by another, over and over. 
 This is what's really meant by evolution. 
 And this series of replacements... isn't about this is black, and this white. 
 This is male, and this female. This is rich, and this poor. 
 This is chaos, and this... Control. 
 Now that you understand that... what you really need to know is this. 
 Life on this Earth, all human life, most animal life, is about to be crushed. 
 Burned to the ground. 
 The computer simulator down the hall is necessary for our evolution as a species. 
 When we leave this planet, this life will have evolved into that. 
 Of the hundreds of extraordinary minds uploaded into that world... the only one that figured out it was living in a computer simulation... had 7 billion choices to contact in this world. 
 And the one person Langly reached out to was you. 
 And to think, my company advised killing you. 
 But now that you are once again in front of me, and aware of the simulation... 
 I believe you won't want to destroy it. 
 Not when you understand the good it's doing. 
 Its reason for being is to advance life, not end it. 
 If I were to change my course of action... and terminate my father... would I be able to upload to the simulation? 
 And could Agent Scully be with me? 
 It won't be her. 
 And it won't be you. 
 And we can upload a mind now through any smartphone. 
 No one's even aware we're doing it. 
 We can take a piece of your mind anytime you make a call. 
 Painless. 
 Two hours. 
 Painless, except we have to die. 
 One of our best incentives here is that you and loved ones don't ever die. 
 So if you upload me through my phone, I don't really have a choice. 
 Sure you do. 
 You could not use your phone. 
 I mean, don't get me wrong, I want to believe. 
 But... 
 I would just like to... to see it. 
 Very few have ever seen it, and those that do, don't realize what it is. 
 It's just a client server. 
 Wires, lights, why do you need to see it? 
 It's the closest I'll get to seeing God. 
 In this life. 
 Or that. 
 Stop. Face to the wall. 
 Inside. 
 Why do you operate so well with your hands cuffed behind your back? 
 As if you didn't know. 
 Bye-bye, Ringo. 
 I'm armed. 
 Hi. 
 What? 
 You okay? 
 Got my phone back. 
 The simulator is down. 
 Okay. 
 Let's bring him back through the tunnel to the FBI Field Office. 
 Come back with some cyber forensics agents and then... start a case against Erika Price. 
 Okay. 
 Oh, I thought I was going to throw up for a second, but I'm okay. 
 They're gone. 
 Mulder? Mulder! 
 They know that we know. Destroy the backup. 
 Mulder, I'm afraid. Mulder... 
 One, two, three, four! 
 In the warm California sun 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 