Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x01 - Pilot - The 100 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x01 - Pilot https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=171&t=10202 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/29/14 19:52 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x01 - Pilot 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [ Location: Sky Box ] 
 Clarke  (thoughts): I feel the sun on my face. I see trees all around me, scent of wildflowers on a breeze. It's so beautiful. In this moment, I'm not stranded in space. It's been 97 years since a nuclear apocalypse killed everyone on Earth, leaving the planet simmering in radiation. Fortunately, there were survivors. 12 nations had operational space stations at the time of the bombs. There is now only The Ark, one station forged from the many. We're told the Earth needs another 100 years to become survivable again. 4 more space-locked generations, and man can go home, back to the ground. The ground, that's the dream. This is reality. 
 Guard : Prisoner 319, face the wall. 
 Clarke  (thoughts): Reality sucks.  
 Clarke : What is this?  
 Guard : Quiet. Hold out your right arm. 
 Clarke : No. No. It's not my time. I don't turn 18 for another month. 
 Guard : Hold out your arm. 
 Clarke  (thoughts): On The Ark, every crime, no matter how small, is punishable by death - unless you're under 18. 
 Guard : Your watch. 
 Clarke : No. It was my father's. 
 Guard : Take it off. 
 Clarke : No. 
 Guard : Hey! 
 Clarke : No. 
 Clarke  (thoughts): Juvenile offenders get put here -- lockup. We call it the Sky Box. 
 Guard : Prisoner 319. 
 Abigail Griffin  (Clarke's Mother): Clarke, stop. Wait here. 
 Clarke : Mom? Mom, what's going on? What is this?  
 Guard  (to another prisoner): Come on. Let's go. 
 Clarke : They're killing us all, aren't they, reducing population to make more time for the rest of you?  
 Abigail Griffin : Clarke, you are not being executed. You're being sent to the ground, all 100 of you. 
 Clarke : What? But it's not safe. No. No. We get reviewed at 18. 
 Abigail Griffin : The rules have changed. This gives you a chance to live. Your instincts will tell you to take care of everybody else first, just like your father, but be careful. I can't lose you, too. I love you so much. 
 (Guard uses tranquilizing gun on Clarke) 
 Abigail Griffin : Earth, Clarke. You get to go to Earth. 
 
 [ Location: Drop Ship ] Wells : Welcome back. Look. Clarke : Wells, why the hell are you here?  Wells : When I found out they were sending prisoners to the ground, I got myself arrested. I came for you. Clarke : What was that?  Wells : That was the atmosphere. Chancellor Jaha  (via TV screen): Prisoners of The Ark, hear me now. You've been given a second chance, and as your Chancellor, it is my hope that you see this as not just a chance for you, but a chance for all of us, indeed for mankind itself. We have no idea what is waiting for you down there. If the odds of survival were better, we would've sent others. Frankly, we're sending you because your crimes have made you expendable. Random Prisoner : Your dad is a dick, Wells. Chancellor Jaha : If, however, you do survive, those crimes will be forgiven, your records wiped clean. [ Location: The Ark ] Parents : I saw a ship launch not more than 20 minutes ago. Who was on it? Was it the prisoners? They're just kids. Are they going to Earth? Has something changed?  Callie Cartwig : Folks, as I said, at this time, we cannot confirm or deny anything. Parents : Come on, lady! Is my son on that ship. [ Location: Drop Ship ] Chancellor Jaha : The drop site has been chosen carefully. Before the last war, Mount Weather was a military base built within a mountain. It was to be stocked with enough non-perishables to sustain 300 people for up to two years. No one ever made it there. Because we spare you no food, or water, or medicine, I cannot stress strongly enough, that Mount Weather is life.  Prisoners : Spacewalk bandit strikes again. Go, Finn! Check it out. Finn  (to Wells): Your dad floated me, after all. Wells : You should strap in before the parachutes deploy. Clarke : Hey, you two, stay put if you want to live. Chancellor Jaha : You must locate those supplies immediately. Finn  (to Clarke): Hey, you're the traitor who's been in solitary for a year. Clarke : You're the idiot who wasted a month of oxygen on an illegal spacewalk. Finn : But it was fun. I'm Finn. Chancellor Jaha : Your one responsibility is stay alive. Clarke : Stay in your seats. Finn, are you okay? Male : Whoa! [ Exodus ship ] Kane :  ( to CALLIE )  Not now. Jackson : Total system failure, that’s what we’re looking at. All we know for sure is that they were off course when we lost contact, so… Kane : Tell me about communications. Jackson : Other than the telemetry from their wristbands, we got nothing… No audio, no video, no computer link. Everything that we programmed in to help them is gone. They’re on their own. [ Exodus ship ] Wells : Retrorockets ought to have fired by now. Clarke : Okay. Everything on this ship is a hundred years old, right? Just give it a second. Wells : Clarke, there’s something I have to tell you. I’m sorry I got your father arrested. Clarke : Don’t you talk about my father. Wells : Please, I can’t die knowing that you hate me. Clarke : They didn’t arrest my father, Wells. They executed him. I do hate you. ( People shouting ) ( Crash ) ( Machines stop ) Monty : Listen. No machine hum. Jasper : Whoa. That’s a first. ( Buckles clicking ) Clarke : Finn, is he breathing? Male : The outer door is on the lower level. Let’s go. Clarke : No. We can’t just open the doors. Bellamy : Hey, just back it up, guys. Clarke : Stop. The air could be toxic. Bellamy : If the air is toxic, we’re all dead, anyway. Octavia : Bellamy? Male : That's the girl they hid under the floor. Bellamy : My God, look how big you are. Octavia : What the hell are you wearing, a guard’s uniform? Bellamy : I borrowed it to get on the drop ship. Someone has got to keep an eye on you. Ha ha! Clarke : Where’s your wristband? Octavia : Do you mind? I haven’t seen my brother in a year. Male : No one has a brother. Female : That’s Octavia Blake, the girl they found hidden in the floor. Bellamy : Octavia, Octavia, no. Let’s give them something else to remember you by. Octavia : Yeah? Like what? Bellamy : Like being the first person on the ground in a hundred years. Octavia :  ( Exhales )  Ah…  ( Steps onto Earth )  Uh! We’re back, bitches! ( All cheering ) ( Music playing] “Radioactive” by Imagine Dragons ) ♪ I'm waking up to ash and dust ♪ 
♪ I wipe my brow and I sweat my rust ♪ 
♪ I'm breathing in the chemicals ♪ 
♪ I'm breaking in, shaping up, then checking out on the prison bus ♪ 
♪ This is it, the apocalypse ♪ 
♪ Whoa ♪  ♪ I'm waking up, I feel it in my bones ♪ 
♪ Enough to make my systems blow ♪ 
♪ Welcome to the new age, to the new age ♪ 
♪ Whoa, oh, oh, oh, oh, whoa, oh, oh, oh, I'm radioactive, radioactive ♪ 
♪ Whoa, oh, oh, oh, oh, whoa, oh, oh, oh... ♪  Finn : Why so serious, Princess? It’s not like we died in a fiery explosion. Clarke : Try telling that to the two guys who tried to follow you out of their seats. Finn : You don’t like being called Princess, do you, Princess? Clarke : Do you see that peak over there? Finn : Yeah. Clarke : Mount Weather. There’s a radiation-soaked forest between us and our next meal. They dropped us on the wrong damn mountain. [ The Ark ] Kane : There it is. We know they’ve landed, but communications are down, which means we’re still blind to conditions on the ground. Thanks to Abby’s wristbands, at least we know how those conditions affect the human body, which is more than we’ve had for a hundred years. So nice work. Now, what are they telling us? Abby : Two dead kids, dark tiles. Dr. Jackson, please share our theory with Councilor Kane. Jackson : Of course. Granted, they’ve only been on the ground for seven minutes, but as of now, we believe the fatalities are due to the landing, not radiation levels. Abby : Both boys died at the same time that we lost contact with the drop ship. Kane : Rough landing? That’s your theory? Abby : The dots connect. Kane : Would you agree that if it was radiation, we’d see fatalities climb fairly quickly now? Because I’m noticing a lot of red on that board. Abby : Spiking vital signs, two possibilities, one, injuries sustained during landing. Kane : And the other? Abby : They’re excited to be there. [ The Ground ] Wells : We got problems. The communications system is dead. I went to the roof. A dozen panels are missing. Heat fried the wires. Clarke : Well, all that matters right now is getting to Mount Weather. See? Look. This is us. This is where we need to get to if we want to survive. Wells : Where’d you learn to do that? Your father. Jasper : Ah, cool, a map. They got a bar in this town? I’ll buy you a beer. Wells : You mind? Jasper : Whoa. Male : Hey, hey, hey, hands off of him. He’s with us. Wells : Relax. We’re just trying to figure out where we are. Bellamy : We’re on the ground. That not good enough for you? Wells : We need to find Mount Weather. You heard my father’s message. That has to be our first priority. Octavia : Screw your father. What, you think you’re in charge here, you and your little Princess? Clarke : Do you think we care who’s in charge? We need to get to Mount Weather not because the Chancellor said so, but because the longer we wait, the hungrier we’ll get and the harder this’ll be. How long do you think we’ll last without those supplies? We’re looking at a twenty-mile trek, okay? So if we want to get there before dark, we need to leave now. Bellamy : I got a better idea. You two go, find it for us. Let the privileged do the hard work for a change. Delinquents : Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Wells : You’re not listening. We all need to go. Murphy : Look at this, everybody… The Chancellor of Earth. Wells : Think that’s funny? Uh! Clarke : Wells. Male : Yeah. Come on. Get him. Wells : No, but that was. All right. Male : What you gonna do now, Wells? Murphy : Come on. Come on. Male : Whoo! Whoo! Delinquents : Aw. Aw. Finn : Kid’s got one leg. How about you wait until it’s a fair fight? Octavia :  ( to FINN )  Hey, spacewalker, rescue me next.  ( to BELLAMY )  What? He’s cute. Bellamy : He’s a criminal. Octavia : They’re all criminals. Bellamy : Look, O. I came down here to protect you. Octavia : I don’t need protecting. I have been locked up one way or another all my life. I am done following orders. I need to have fun, Bell. I need to just do something crazy just because I can, and no one, including you, is gonna stop me. Bellamy : I can’t stay with them, O. Octavia : Now what are you talking about? Female : Go find something. Bellamy : I did something, okay, to get on the drop ship, something that they will kill me for when they come down. I can’t say what it is just yet, but you have to trust me. You do still trust me, don’t you? Octavia : Yeah. Finn :  ( to CLARKE )  So Mount Weather. When do we leave? Clarke : Right now. We’ll be back tomorrow with food. Wells : How are the two of you gonna carry enough food for a hundred? Finn :  ( Grabs MONTY and JASPER )  Four of us. Can we go now? Octavia : Sounds like a party. Make it five. Bellamy : Hey, what the hell are you doing? Octavia : Going for a walk. Clarke :  ( to FINN )  Hey, were you trying to take this off? Finn : Yeah. So? Clarke : So this wristband transmits your vital signs to The Ark. Take it off, and they’ll think you’re dead. Finn : Should I care? Clarke : Well, I don’t know. Do you want the people you love to think you’re dead? Do you want them to follow you down here in two months? Because they won’t if they think we’re dying. Clarke : Okay! Now let’s go. Bellamy : Go on. Octavia : Mwah! ( Sighs ) Clarke : You shouldn’t have come here, Wells. Octavia : Before you get any ideas, Finn is mine. Clarke : Before you get any ideas, I don’t care. [ the Ark: Earth Monitoring Station ] Callie : Hey, darling, how’s Clarke? Abby : Her vital signs are strong, blood sugar is low. She hasn’t eaten. ( Telephone rings ) Abby : This is Dr. Griffin. On my way. Jackson, put it out there we need blood… A neg. And a lot of it, and then get your ass to the O.R. Callie : Abby, what’s wrong? Abby : The Chancellor has been shot. [ The Ground ] Jasper : Now, that, my friend, is game. Monty : That, my friend, is poison sumac. Octavia : What? It is? Monty : The flowers aren’t poisonous. They’re medicinal, calming, actually. Jasper : His family grows all the pharmaceuticals on The Ark. Clarke : Hey, guys, would you try to keep up? Finn : Come on, Clarke. How do you block all this out? Clarke : Well, it’s simple. I wonder, ‘why haven’t we seen any animals?’ Maybe it’s because there are none. Maybe we’ve already been exposed to enough radiation to kill us. Sure is pretty, though. Come on. Octavia : Someone should slip her some poison sumac. Jasper :  ( Snorts ) Finn : I got to know what you two did to get busted. Monty : Sumac is not the only herb in the garden, if you know what I mean. Jasper : Someone forget to replace what we took. Monty : Someone has apologized, like, a thousand times.  Jasper : How about you, Octavia? What'd they get you for? Octavia : Being born. Monty : That is so not game. Finn : No animals, huh? ( Snap ) All : Uh! [ The Ark ] Abby : Chancellor has lost a lot of blood. If only they found him sooner, damn it. Jackson : Abby, he’s waking up. Abby : Increase the anesthesia. Jackson : We used way too much blood and anesthesia.. We’re way over the line. Abby : Your Chancellor is going into shock. Jackson : You’re asking me to break the law. Abby : Fine. I’ll do it myself. Let them come after me. 
 
 Shumway : Excuse me, sir. You asked to be notified if there was news. The Chancellor is still in surgery, but we have I.D.ed the shooter. Bellamy Blake is the only person on The Ark unaccounted for. Kane : Who is he? Shumway : He’s no one, a janitor. We’re still working up a profile, but his motive for going to Earth is clear. Kane : Sister. I remember. Her mother kept her hidden for almost sixteen years, nearly a record. What is it, Commander Shumway. Spit it out. Shumway : We could start now. As Chancellor pro tempore, you can give the order to start reducing the population. Kane : Not yet. Shumway : Sir, we’re wasting time. Removing the hundred from the population only buys us another month. Engineering needs more than that to fix those systems, if they can fix them at all. Kane : You have my answer, Commander. Enough. If we’re gonna kill hundreds of innocent people, we’re gonna do it by the book. Is that clear? In the meantime, I want to know who helped this janitor get on that drop ship because he sure as hell didn’t do it by himself. Seems we have a traitor in our midst, Commander, and the hundred have an assassin in theirs. [ The Ground ] Male : Find any water yet? Wells : No, not yet, but, I’m going back out if you want to come. ( Chuckles ) ( Sniffles ) Murphy : You know, my father, he begged for mercy in the airlock chamber when your father floated him. Wells : You spelled “die” wrong, geniuses. Bellamy : If you're gonna kill someone, it's probably best not to announce it. Murphy : You’re not really a member of the guard, are you? Bellamy : No. The real guard will be here soon unless we stop it. You don’t actually think they’re gonna forgive your crimes. Even if they do, then what? Guys like us, we’re gonna become model citizens now, get jobs, if we’re lucky, maybe pick up their trash? Mbege : You got a point? Bellamy : No. I got a question. They locked you up, dumped you down here like lab rats to die. So why are you helping them? Mbege : The hell we are.  Bellamy :You’re wearing those bracelets, aren’t you? Right now, those things are telling them whether or not it’s safe to follow us down. Murphy : Okay. You said we could stop it. How? Bellamy : Take them off. The Ark will think you’re dead, that it’s not safe to follow. You follow? Murphy : Right, and if we do, I mean, what’s in it for us? Bellamy : Someone has got to help me run things. [ The Ark ] Callie : Hey, Ab. How’s the Chancellor doing? Abby : Ask me again if he makes it through the night. Who else did we lose? Apprentice : Murphy and Mbege, both named John. Kane : Neither was injured during landing. Apprentice : I concur. Something else killed these two. One second, they were fine, and the next, bang.  Abby :Then it isn’t radiation. Kane : Come on, Abby. Wishful thinking isn’t good science. Abby : It’s not wishful thinking. One second, fine, the next, bang isn’t how exposure to radiation presents. Kane : Well, it could be if there was enough of it. Abby : If there was enough of it, they would all be dead. Please let me be right. [ The Ground ] Finn : Hey, you know what I’d like to know? Why send us down today after ninety seven years? What changed? Octavia : Who cares? I’m just glad they did. I woke up rotting in a cell, and now I’m spinning in a forest. Monty : Maybe they found something on a satellite, you know, like an old weather satellite or... Clarke : It wasn't a satellite. The Ark is dying. At the current population level, there’s roughly three months left of life support, maybe four now that we’re gone. Finn : So that was the secret they locked you up to keep, why they kept you in solitary, floated your old man? Clarke : My father was the engineer who discovered the flaw. He thought the people had a right to know. The Council disagreed. My mother disagreed. They were afraid it would cause a panic. We were gonna go public, anyway, when Wells… Monty : What, turned in your dad? Clarke : Anyway, the guard showed up before we could. That’s why today. That’s why it was worth the risk. Even if we all die, at least they bought themselves more time. Monty : They’re gonna kill more people, aren’t they? Octavia : Good. After what they did to me, I say, float them all. Jasper : You don’t mean that.  Finn : We have to warn them. Clarke : That’s what my father said. Jasper : Oh, damn, I love Earth. Oh! Holy… Finn : Ha ha! Jasper : Hoo hoo hoo. Clarke : Octavia, what the hell are you doing? ( Splash ) Clarke : Octavia… Monty : I can’t swim. Octavia : I know, but we can stand. Ha ha ha! Clarke : Wait. There’s not supposed to be a river here. Finn : Well, there is. So take off your damn clothes. Jasper : Oh… Octavia, get out of the water. Clarke : Get out of the water now! Octavia : Aah! Clarke : Octavia! Octavia : Aah! Jasper : No. Octavia : Aah! Aah! Monty : What the hell is that?  Finn : We have to help her.  Clarke : What are you gonna do? Finn : Try not to get eaten. Clarke : No. Wait. If we distract it, it might let her go. Help me. Octavia : Aah! No! Uh! Monty : It worked. It let her go. Jasper : Octavia, get to the shore, now! ( OCTAVIA gasping ) Jasper : I got you. Monty : It’s coming back. It’s headed right for you, guys. jasper : Come on. Come on. Keep moving. Clarke : Okay. Octavia : Thank you. Thank you. Clarke : You’re gonna be okay. Monty : Note to self, next time, save the girl. ( Laughter ) ( People whooping ) Female : Yeah. Go on, baby. Male : Yeah. Keep going. Fox : Ah, ah… ah! ( All whooping ) Bellamy : Who’s next? Wells : What the hell are you doing? Bellamy : We’re liberating ourselves. What does it look like? Wells : It looks like you’re trying to get us all killed. The communication system is dead. These wristbands are all we got. Take them off, and the Ark will think we’re dying, that it’s not safe for them to follow. Bellamy : That’s the point, Chancellor. We can take care of ourselves, can’t we? Delinquents : Yeah! Wells : You think this is a game? Those aren’t just our friends and our parents up there. They’re our farmers, our doctors, our engineers. I don’t care what he tells you. We won’t survive here on our own, and besides, if it really is safe, how could you not want the rest of our people to come down? Bellamy : My people already are down. Those people locked my people up. Those people killed my mother for the crime of having a second child. Your father did that. Wells : My father didn’t write the laws. Bellamy : No. He enforced them, but not anymore, not here. Here, there are no laws. Delinquents : Yeah. Yeah. Delinquents : Cool. Bellamy : Here, we do whatever the hell we want whenever the hell we want. Now, you don’t have to like it, Wells. You can even try to stop it or change it, kill me. You know why? Whatever the hell we want. Murphy : Whatever the hell we want! Male : Whatever the hell we want! All : 
♪ whatever the hell we want ♪ 
♪ whatever the hell we want ♪ 
♪ whatever the hell we want ♪ 
♪ whatever the hell we want ♪ 
♪ whatever the hell we want ♪ 
♪ whatever the hell we want ♪ 
♪ whatever the hell we want ♪ 
♪ whatever the hell we want ♪ 
♪ whatever the hell we want ♪ ( Thunder ) Female : Rain! Real rain! Male : Check it out! Female : It’s water! Wells : We need to collect this. Bellamy : Whatever the hell you want. ( All cheering ) ( Thunder ) [ The Ark ] Jackson : Ten more, one after the next. Abby, look at plasma osmolarity. It’s going up across the board. Abby : They found water. Kane : Councilor Abigail Griffin, you’re under arrest for exceeding the maximum medical supplies allowed for a patient. Sorry this has to be public. The policy in these matters is very clear, no special treatment. How much blood did you use, Abby?  Jackson :Don’t answer that. Abby : I used whatever it took. Breaking the law to keep you from becoming Chancellor was the easiest decision I’ve ever made. Kane : In that case, given your confession, in my role as Chancellor pro tempore, you leave me no choice but to find you guilty. Abby : We always have a choice, Kane. You chose to press charges against my husband, your friend, even though you knew he would get floated for it. You chose to include my daughter in those charges, and now you’re choosing this. Hiding behind the law absolves you of nothing. Kane : Be that as it may, in accordance with penal code one, because all crimes committed by those above the age of maturity are capital crimes, you are hereby sentenced to death. Execution is set for the morning, and I choose at every turn and at any cost to make sure that the human race stays alive. Abby : That’s the difference between us, Kane. I choose to make sure that we deserve to stay alive. ( Door closes ) ( Whimpers ) [ The Ground ] ( Birds chirping ) ( Music playing ) Finn : Pretty cool, huh? Clarke : Did you go to the river? Finn : Figured it was worth losing a finger or two. Here. You call that a sip? You think this means we’re all gonna grow two heads? Clarke : Ha ha! Finn : What do you know? She can laugh. Come on. You have to see this. That’s a toe. Plus, near as I can tell, whatever it is, it’s walking on two feet. My guess… Monkeys. Clarke : Pbbt! Ha! I’m sorry. It’s just, according to everything I’ve read, there were no bipedal animals anywhere near here, certainly not monkeys. Finn : Right. You read anything about glow-in-the-dark forests or man-eating snakes? [ The Ark ] ( Door opens ) Callie : Are you out of your mind? You can’t just kill everyone who disagrees with you. Kane : Now, you all think I’m a bad guy, but I’m the only one who’s willing to do what it takes to save us. Callie : She’s my best friend. Kane : So what do you want me to say, I’m sorry? I’m not. Friendship is a luxury we can’t afford, and if I have to take us down to a cosmic Adam and Eve, I will do it. Callie : Please, show mercy, if not for Abby, then for me. Kane : We can’t afford mercy, either. [ The Ground ] Wells : Mmph… Bellamy : Shh. Shh. That’s far enough. I don’t want to shoot you, Wells, hell, I like you, but I do need them to think that you’re dead. Wells : Why? Why are you doing this, for real, not some crap about getting to do what you want to do? Bellamy : I have my reasons. I also have the gun. So I ask the questions, and the question is, why aren’t you helping me? Your dad banished you, Wells, and yet here you are, still doing his bidding, following the rules. Aren’t you tired of always doing what’s expected of you? Stand up to him. Take off that wristband, and you’ll be amazed at how good it feels. Wells : No. Never. Not gonna happen. Is that clear enough for you? Bellamy : Yeah. It is. I’m sorry it had to be this way. Wells : No! No! Get off of me! No! Bellamy : Get him down. Put him down. Wells : No! Come on, man. Let me go. Bellamy : Get it. Do it. Wells : No! Don’t do this! Don’t do this! No. No! Come on, man. Aah! [ The Ark ] ( Door opens ) Male : Dr. Griffin, it’s time. Abby : Callie. ( Sobbing ) Guard : That’s enough. Abby : Watch out for Clarke for me. Callie : Okay. Abby : Jackson, use the wristbands. There may be a way to reverse-engineer them for communication. Talk to Sinclair in engineering. Nod if you understand. Jaha : Stop. Dr. Griffin is pardoned.  ( to KANE )  I’ll deal with you later. Open the door. Open the door. Abby : I spent twelve hours putting those intestines back together. Get him back to bed now. Jaha : Tell me about the one hundred. Did they make it? [ The Ground ] ( Music playing ) Clarke : You wanted to go first. Now quit stalling. Finn : Mount Weather awaits. Jasper : Just hang on till the apogee, and you’ll be fine. Finn : The apogee like the Indians, right? Jasper : Apogee, not apache. Clarke : He knows. Today, Finn. Finn : Aye, aye, captain. See you on the other side. Jasper : Wait. Finn : What? Jasper : Let me. I can do it. Finn : Knew there was a badass in there somewhere. Jasper : Heh heh. Finn : Hey, it’s okay to be afraid, Jasper. The trick is not fighting it. Jasper : See you on the other side. Ha ha! Whoo! Whoo! Whoo! Yeah! We are apogee! Yeah! Clarke : Yeah! Finn : Yes! Whoo! Octavia : Yeah! Whoo! Clarke : You did it, Jasper! Jasper : Whoo! Yeah! Ha ha ha! Finn : Let’s go, Princess. You’re up. Jasper : Come on, Clarke! You got this! Whoo! Apogee! We did it! Mount Weather! Whoo! Whoo! Octavia : Yes! Monty : Whoo! Finn : Yeah, Jasper! Clarke : Jasper. Finn : Come on. Come on. Come on. Jasper! Clarke : Jasper! No. Come on. Finn : Get down. Get down. Octavia : Come on. ( Fluttering ) Clarke : We’re not alone. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 