Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x02 - Earth Skills - The 100 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x02 - Earth Skills https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=171&t=10203 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/29/14 19:52 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x02 - Earth Skills 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Clarke : I was born in space. I’ve never felt the sun on my face or breathed real air or floated in the water. None of us have. For three generations, the Ark has kept what’s left of the human race alive, but now our home is dying, and we are the last hope of mankind, A hundred prisoners sent on a desperate mission to the ground. Each of us is here because we broke the law. On the ground, there is no law. All we have to do is survive, but we will be tested by the Earth, by the secrets it hides, and most of all by each other. 
 Previously on The 100… 
 Jackson : We know they've landed, but communications are down. 
 Clarke : This wristband transmits your vital signs to the Ark. Take them off, and Ark will think we're dying. 
 Bellamy : That's the point. They've dumped you down here like lab rats to die, so why are you helping them? 
 Abby : Chancellor's been shot. 
 Guard : We have I.D.ed the shooter… Bellamy Blake. 
 Bellamy : I did something they will kill me for when they come down. 
 Clarke : Do you see that peak over there? That's Mount Weather. There's a radiation-soaked forest between us and our next meal. 
 Jasper : We did it! 
 Clarke : We are not alone. 
 Finn : Clarke! Come on. 
 ( Grunts ) 
 Finn : Monty. Come on! We got to go! 
 Octavia : Monty, get up! 
 Finn : Who are they? 
 ( Crows squawking ) 
 Finn : What are they? 
 Octavia : We are so screwed. 
 ( Distant scream ) 
 Clarke : Jasper. He's alive. 
 Finn : Clarke, wait. Wait! Wait. Stay out of the trees. 
 Clarke : He was right there. 
 Monty : No. Where is he? 
 Clarke : They took him. 
 ( Equipment buzzing ) 
 ( Metal clanging ) 
 Abby : Talk to me, Jackson. 
 Jackson : Rumors are spreading. Witnesses saw a dropship launch. It's only a matter of time till the people figure out that we sent the hundred to the ground. 
 Abby : Let the council worry about the people. I need you focused on reestablishing communication with those kids. How many dark tiles? 
 Jackson : Twenty-three. We've been losing them at a steady rate all day. Abby, these are different. Vital signs spike for a longer duration before flat line; It looks like a pain response. This is what we'd expect to see with exposure to radiation. 
 Abby : I know what it looks like, Jackson, but there's another explanation. We just haven't found it yet. 
 male : Chancellor on deck. 
 Jaha : My son. We sent them down to die. 
 Abby : No. We sent them down to live… To go to Earth to see if it was survivable so that all of us could live. 
 Jaha : Abby, stop. I know this is hard, but we don't have time for false hope. This space station is dying, and Earth is not survivable. That is what the wristbands are telling us. 
 Abby : We don't know what they're telling us yet. Thelonious, listen to me. Please trust me. For all we know, those kids could be perfectly fine, including Wells. 
 ( Sighs ) 
 ( Kids clamoring ) 
 ( Distant drums beating ) 
 Get him! 
 Way to go! 
 ( Grunts ) 
 I got it, I got it! 
 Dude, get back here! 
 Move! 
 Take it! 
 See? Ha ha! 
 Murphy : Hey, where'd you get the clothes? 
 Wells : Buried the two kids who died during the landing. 
 Murphy : Smart. You know, I'll take it from here. 
 Wells : There's always a market for… 
 Murphy : We share based on need, just like back home. You still don't get it, do you, Chancellor? This is home now. Your father's rules no longer apply. Oh, no, no, Atom. Atom, hold up. 
 You want it back? Take it. 
 Delinquent : Get those boots! 
 Wells : Is this what you want? Chaos? 
 Murphy : What's wrong with a little chaos? 
 ( Girl screams ) 
 ( Girl whimpers ) 
 Atom : Bellamy. Check it out. We want the Ark to think that the ground is killing us, right? Figure it'll look better if we suffer a little bit first. 
 Wells : Let her go! You can stop this. 
 Atom : Stop this? I'm just getting started. 
 boy : Fight! 
 ( Kids chanting, “fight!” ) 
 Wells : Don't you see you can't control this? 
 Atom : You're dead. 
 Bellamy : Wait. Fair fight. 
 ( Kids murmuring ) 
 Wells : Aah! 
 Atom : This is for my father! 
 Wells : Drop it! 
 Clarke : Wells! Let him go! 
 Murphy : Whoa! Hey! 
 Clarke : Enough, Murphy. 
 Bellamy : Octavia. Are you all right? 
 Octavia : Yeah. 
 Bellamy : Where's the food? 
 Octavia : We didn't make it to Mount Weather. 
 Bellamy : What the hell happened out there? 
 Clarke : We were attacked. 
 Bellamy : Attacked? By what? 
 Finn : Not what. Who. It turns out, when the last man from the ground died on the Ark, he wasn't the last Grounder. 
 Clarke : It's true. Everything we thought we knew about the ground is wrong. There are people here, survivors. The good news is, that means we can survive. Radiation won't kill us. 
 Finn : Yeah, the bad news is the Grounders will. 
 Bellamy : Where's the kid with the goggles? 
 Clarke : Jasper was hit. They took him. Where is your wristband? 
 Bellamy : Ask him. 
 Clarke : How many? 
 Murphy : Twenty-four and counting. 
 Clarke : You idiots. Life support on the Ark is failing. That's why they brought us down here. They need to know the ground is survivable again, and we need their help against whoever is out there. If you take off your wristbands, you're not just killing them. You're killing us! 
 Bellamy : We're stronger than you think. Don't listen to her. She's one of the privileged. If they come down, she'll have it good. How many of you can say the same? We can take care of ourselves. That wristband on your arm? It makes you a prisoner. We are not prisoners anymore! They say they'll forgive your crimes. I say you're not criminals! You're fighters, survivors! The Grounders should worry about us! 
 Delinquent : Yeah! 
 Delinquent : Yeah! 
 ( Clamoring continues ) 
 Finn : What do we do now? 
 Clarke : Now we go after Jasper. 
 Jaha : Why are you here, Abby? We both know that you could have sent an apprentice to do this. 
 ( Exhales ) 
 Abby : Kane's planning a secret council meeting to vote on the culling. I need to know where you stand. 
 Jaha : I don't have a vote. You know that. 
 Abby : They listen to you, Thelonious. 
 Jaha : Well, you don't. 
 Abby : I do when you agree with me. 
 Jaha : Now, Abby, the CO2 scrubbers are already failing. The symptoms of oxygen deprivation are everywhere, and worst of all in the children; They'll die first. 
 Abby : You don't have to tell me that. 
 Jaha : Obviously I do. Unless we act to reduce the population, everyone on-board this space station will be dead in four months. 
 Abby : We have acted. We put a hundred kids on the ground. We need to give them time… 
 Jaha : There are seventy-six kids on the ground, Abby. Twenty-four of them, including my son, are already dead. 
 Abby : I don't think so. 
 Jaha : But you have no proof. Please… Stop. I understand your need to have hope for Clarke, but I am the Chancellor of the Ark, and hope isn't enough. Not when the end of the human race is at stake. 
 ( Knock on door ) 
 Kane : You wanted to see me? 
 Abby : Hope is everything, and the Chancellor that I voted for, he knew that. I'm done here. 
 ( Sighs ) 
 Jaha : Stop studying me, Kane. Who shot me? 
 Kane : Bellamy Blake, a janitor from Factory Station. He stowed away on the dropship. We're still investigating who helped him. 
 Jaha : Who benefits most from my death? 
 Kane : If you have something to say, just say it. 
 Jaha : You rushed to execute the woman who saved my life, and if I were dead, you would be Chancellor now and Abby wouldn't be here to oppose you. 
 Kane : I followed the law. I did my job. 
 Jaha : You were the acting Chancellor, and this job requires more than simply following the law. It requires knowing when not to. 
 Kane : I had nothing to do with the attempt on your life, but I'm not surprised that it happened. You're too weak to do what now has to be done, and I'm not the only one who knows it. 
 ( Door closes ) 
 ( Panting ) 
 ( Door opens ) 
 Wells : There you are. When my father said they didn't leave us anything, he really meant it. 
 ( Sighs ) 
 Wells :  ( Sighs )  “It's just a scratch. 
 Clarke : You're making friends fast. Keep it covered. It could get infected. Nice pack. 
 Wells : Yeah, seat belts and insulation. I also packed part of the parachute, figured we could use it to carry out Jasper. 
 Clarke : Good. Give it to someone else. You're not coming with us. 
 Wells : My ankle's fine. 
 Clarke : It's not your ankle, Wells, it's you. 
 Wells : You came back for reinforcements. I'm gonna help. 
 Finn : Clarke, he's right. We need him. So far no one else has volunteered. 
 Clarke : I'm sorry, Monty, but you're not going, either. 
 Monty : Like hell I'm not. Jasper's my best friend. 
 Clarke : You're too important. You were raised on Farm Station and recruited by engineering. 
 Monty : So? 
 Clarke : So food and communication. What's up here, it's gonna save us all. You figure out how to talk to the Ark and I'll bring Jasper back. Hey. You ready? 
 Finn : I'm not going anywhere, and neither should any of you. That spear was thrown with pinpoint accuracy from 300 feet. 
 Clarke : So what, we let Jasper die? That's not gonna happen. Spacewalker? What a joke. You think you're such an adventurer. You're really just a coward. 
 Finn : It's not an adventure, Clarke, it's a suicide mission. Build a wall. Use the fallen trees. 
 Bellamy : I'll watch out for her. 
 Clarke : Jasper looked up to you. 
 ( Groans ) 
 Bellamy : What the hell was it? 
 Octavia : I don't know. The others said it looked like a giant snake. 
 Bellamy : You could have been killed. 
 Clarke : She would have been if Jasper didn't jump in to pull her out. 
 Octavia : You guys leaving? I'm coming, too. 
 Bellamy : No, no. No way. Not again. 
 Clarke : He's right. Your leg's just gonna slow us down. 
 Atom : I'm here for you. 
 Bellamy : Clarke, what are you doing? 
 Clarke : I hear you have a gun. Good. Follow me. 
 Bellamy : And why would I do that? 
 Clarke : Because you want them to follow you, and right now, they're thinking only one of us is scared. 
 Bellamy : Murphy. Come with me. Atom? My sister doesn't leave this camp. Is that clear? 
 Octavia : I don't need a babysitter. 
 Bellamy : Anybody touches her, they answer to me. 
 Octavia : Let's go. 
 Atom : You're staying here. 
 Octavia : I'm gonna make your life a living hell. 
 Bellamy : Those guys aren't just bullies, Clarke. They're dangerous criminals. 
 Clarke : I'm counting on it. 
 Bellamy : Since when are we in the rescuing business, huh? The Ark thinks the prince is dead. Once they think the princess is, too, they'll never come down. I'm getting that wristband, even if I have to cut off her hand to do it. 
 Guard : Damn it, Raven. Wait for pressurization. 
 Raven :  ( Sighs )  “Sorry, boys. Places to go. Did anyone notice there's no damage to ‘B' dock? 
 Guard : ‘B' dock's restricted. You know that. 
 Raven : What, are they gonna float me for looking? Guys, come on. An Exodus ship was launched. You're not curious about that? 
 Guard : It was not launched. It was ejected. According to engineering, a routine maintenance accident forced them to eject. 
 Raven : A maintenance accident that didn't cause any damage? That's a lie and you know it. Fine. Well, if that doesn't stir your tank, how about this? Why would they build a dropship in the first place? 
 Guard : Just slow down, all right? We need to check your vitals. 
 Raven : I'll save you the trouble. I feel good. 
 Guard : Prison visiting day. Tell lover boy I'll pay him the two days' rations I owe him when he gets out. 
 Raven : It was three days. Hey, stash my gear. I'll come back for it later. 
 Guard : Okay, Raven, stop. Lockup's been quarantined. There's some kind of a virus. There's no visitation for at least two months. Sorry. 
 ( Overlapping chatter ) 
 Octavia : Hey, I saw that. You cheated. 
 Atom : Hey, guys, the wall's not gonna build itself. 
 Octavia : Walls won't stop what's out there. We need weapons. 
 Atom : So build weapons. Look… Your brother wasn't kidding about that. He'll hurt them. 
 Octavia : Come on. We were just talking. You're too hot to be my brother's bitch. 
 Atom : I'm no one's bitch. 
 Octavia : Mmm. Good. Then prove it. Come with me. 
 Delinquent : Hey. Oof! 
 Atom : Get out of here. 
 Octavia : Nobody's bitch, huh? Maybe one of these days you'll realize you can't control me. 
 Atom : You know, that guy you were with? Did you know he was in for murder? You want to know something funny? I'm actually protecting him from you. 
 Octavia : Hey, hey, hey, hey! What are you doing?! 
 Atom : Consider yourself controlled. 
 Octavia : Is this all you got? They locked me under the floor for sixteen years just for being born! This is nothing. 
 Monty : Ahem. You want to keep it down? I'm trying to concentrate. 
 Female : Attention. The mess hall will be closed from 2100 hours to 0800 hours for maintenance. Attention. The mess hall will be closed from 2100 hours… 
 
 
 
 Jackson : Abby… Kane's lobbying for votes. We should, too. 
 ( Beeping ) 
 Abby : We'll have our chance at the briefing. 
 Raven : Excuse me! Dr. Griffin. I have a question about the quarantine. My boyfriend's in lockup. I went to go see him. Instead, I saw an open air duct. Now, if there really was a virus, wouldn't you move to contain the airflow? 
 Abby : The virus isn't airborne. That's why the ducts are open. 
 Raven : Can you tell me if he's okay? 
 Abby : I can't. I'm sorry. 
 Raven : No, you're not. First the dropship, now this. The council's hiding something, and I'm gonna find out what it is. 
 Jackson : Ballsy kid. 
 Abby : Yeah. 
 Jackson : Reminds me of someone. 
 Bellamy : Hey, hold up. What's the rush? You don't survive a spear through the heart. 
 Clarke : Put the gun away, Bellamy. 
 Bellamy : Well, why don't you do something about it, huh? 
 Clarke : Jasper screamed when they moved him. If the spear struck his heart, he'd have died instantly. It doesn't mean we have time to waste. 
 Bellamy : As soon as you take this wristband off, we can go. 
 Clarke : The only way the Ark is gonna think I'm dead is if I'm dead. Got it? 
 Bellamy : Brave princess. 
 Finn : Hey, why don't you find your own nickname? 
 Bellamy : You call this a rescue party? Got to split up, cover more ground. Clarke, come with me. 
 Clarke : Better late than never. 
 Bellamy : I like to think so." 
 Murphy : Guess we got more in common than meets the eye, huh? 
 Wells : We have nothing in common. 
 Murphy : No? Both came down here to protect someone we love. Your secret's safe with me. 'course, for you it's worse. With Finn around, Clarke doesn't even see you. It's like you're not even here. 
 Wells : He may not be my real brother…  ( Grunts ) … But he's always been there. Every memory I have, there's Jasper. I should be out there. 
 Murphy : You're not gonna cry, are you? 
 Wells : Shut up. 
 ( Giggles ) 
 Monty : You sure about this? Your brother won't approve of you helping us contact the Ark. 
 Octavia : He's not my keeper. Let's just do this. Let's do it.  ( Grunts )  Aah! Ow! Son of a… 
 Monty : Sorry. Dead. 
 Octavia : Oh. 
 Monty : Damn it. 
 Octavia : If we can't even take it off, how do you expect to turn it into a radio? 
 ( Hatch door clangs ) 
 Monty : Go on. I'll be fine. Work to do. 
 Octavia : Hey, Monty? Jasper would understand why you stayed. 
 Atom : How is someone raised beneath the floor not a total basket case? 
 Octavia :  ( Scoffs )  “Who says I'm not? 
 Atom : It's because he loves you. Your brother? You're not a basket case because you were loved. 
 Octavia : Yeah, I'm a lucky girl. 
 Atom : I'm not saying I had it worse than you, Octavia, because I didn't. But you have someone who would do anything for you. I envy that. 
 Finn : I've been thinking about Mount Weather. How come they didn't attack until Jasper crossed the river? It's not like we were being quiet and they didn't know we were there. 
 Clarke : They waited for us to cross. The river's a boundary. Which means Mount Weather is off limits.  ( Scoffs )  How are we gonna get those supplies? What are we gonna do for food? 
 Finn : Wow. 
 Clarke : Well, at least we don't have to worry about water. 
 Finn : Oh, yeah. 
 Clarke : Come on, Finn. We don't have time for this. 
 Finn : Clarke, we've been hiking for hours. We need to take a break. 
 Clarke : I'll take a break when we find Jasper. Come on.  ( Gasps )  No, no. Finn! Don't!  ( Gasps )  Damn it, Finn! Oh, wow. Okay. Maybe just a minute. 
 Finn : Yeah. I think I know why you're so hell-bent on finding Jasper, why you're always taking care of everybody else. 
 Clarke :  ( Scoffs )  “Now you sound like my mother. No. Go on. This should be good. The delinquent psychiatrist. 
 Finn : You couldn't save your father. 
 Clarke : Jasper. He was here. We should get the others. 
 Finn : We're close. 
 Jackson : Abby, we have to stop. The council vote's in thirty minutes. 
 Abby : Then we have thirty minutes. Anything from engineering? 
 Jackson : Nothing good. According to Sinclair, even if we sent a signal down, the wristbands weren't designed to receive, so the kids wouldn't even hear it. 
 Abby : There's got to be something we missed, something that we haven't thought of. 
 ( Clang ) 
 Jackson : Great. What's falling apart now? 
 ( Beeps ) 
 Abby : Hey! Hey! Apparently you have a thing for air ducts. 
 Jackson : I'll call security. 
 Raven : They're not dying. 
 Abby : What are you talking about? 
 Raven : All that's being sent from the ground? Transmitted by these. They're taking them off. 
 Jackson : What? Why would they do something so reckless? 
 Raven : Because we told them not to. 
 ( Distant, overlapping chatter ) 
 Octavia : Hello, beautiful. Hey, where are you going?  ( Giggles ) ( Octavia giggles )  It's okay. We've got nothing but time. 
 Wells : Hey, how do we know this is the right way? 
 Bellamy : We don't. Spacewalker thinks he's a tracker. 
 Wells : It's called Fourth-year earth skills. He's good. 
 Finn : You want to keep it down or should I paint a target on your backs? 
 Bellamy : See? You're invisible. 
 ( Distant moan ) 
 Finn : What the hell was that? 
 Clarke : Now would be a good time to take out that gun. 
 ( Low moaning ) 
 Clarke : Jasper. Oh, my God. 
 Finn : Clarke, be careful. 
 Clarke : Jasper? What the hell is this? 
 Finn : Clarke! Get her up! Pull her up! Pull her up! Get her! Pull her up! You okay? 
 Clarke : Yeah.  ( Panting )  We need to get him down. 
 Murphy : I'll climb up there and cut the vines. 
 Finn : Yeah, yeah, I'm with you. 
 Bellamy : No. Stay with Clarke. And watch him. You. Let's go. 
 Clarke : There's a poultice on his wound. 
 Finn : Medicine? Why would they save his life just to string him up as live bait? 
 Bellamy : Maybe what they're trying to catch likes its dinner to be breathing. 
 Clarke : Maybe what they're trying to catch is us. 
 Abby : Data indicates that the violent criminals in the group are eight times more likely to have terminated signals. We believe that this means that the kids are taking off the wristbands by choice. 
 Kane : So how do you explain Wells? 
 Jaha : Kane is right. My son would… Never take his wristband off voluntarily. 
 Abby : Both our children have done things that we could never have predicted. 
 Jaha : The point holds. 
 Abby : These children need more time. 
 Kane : We don't have time. Engineering needs six months to fix life support, and we'll be out of oxygen in four. Nobody wants to do this, but the inescapable fact is that for every day we delay, ten more people will need to be sacrificed. So today it's two hundred and nine, tomorrow it's two hundred and nineteen. The day after that is two hundred and twenty nine. We're the ones who need more time. I move that we vote now. 
 I second that. 
 Very well. 
 Councillor : The matter before us requires a four-vote majority to pass. A vote in favor is to vote to cull two hundred and nine citizens of the Ark from the supply grid in order to extend life support for those who remain by six months. All those in favor? 
 Aye. 
 Aye. 
 Aye. 
 Councillor : All those opposed? 
 Nay. 
 Nay. 
 Nay. 
 Councillor : Three votes to three. The Chancellor will break the tie. 
 Jaha :  ( Sighs )  We didn't ask for this. Ours was to be a transitional generation… Ensuring that three generations from now mankind could go home. But everything has changed, and we will either be the generation that sees the human race return to Earth, or upon whose watch it finally ends. My son is already down there. I sent him. And the truth is I don't know if he is alive or dead. But I still have hope. 
 councilor : How does the Chancellor vote? 
 Jaha : I don't. 
 Councillor : Sir, if you abstain, the vote ends in a tie to be automatically taken up again in ten days. 
 Kane : That's ten more dead for every day. 
 Councillor : I ask again, how does the Chancellor vote? 
 Jaha : The Chancellor abstains. 
 ( Door opens ) 
 Jaha : You have ten days. 
 Finn : Hurry up, Murphy. 
 Clarke : Be careful. 
 ( Distant growling ) 
 Wells : What the hell was that? 
 Finn : Grounders? 
 ( Snarling ) 
 Clarke : Bellamy, gun! 
 ( Gunfire ) 
 ( Roars ) 
 ( Gunshot ) 
 ( Gun clicking repeatedly ) 
 ( Panting ) 
 Finn : Now she sees you. 
 Raven : Did someone call for a mechanic? You're the one who called in the work order? 
 Abby : We need to talk. 
 Raven : Look, I told you I'm not gonna say anything, okay? 
 Abby : I believe you, and you're not in trouble. Follow me. 
 Raven : Not in trouble yet, you mean. 
 Abby :  ( Sighs ) 
 Raven : This level's off limits for people like me. 
 Abby : Not anymore. You know that we sent the hundred down to the ground. What you don't know is why. The Ark is dying, Raven. Life support is on its last legs. I have ten days to prove that Earth is survivable or they're gonna start reducing population. Three hundred and twenty innocent people will be killed. 
 Raven : I don't get it. Why are you telling me this? 
 Abby : I looked up your file. You're the youngest zero-g mechanic on the Ark in fifty years. 
 Raven : Fifty-two, but, so what? So… 
 Abby : You have nine days to get this ready so I can survive a drop. 
 Raven : God, what a piece of junk. They must have found this thing when they salvaged Mir-3 in twenty one oh two. You want me to get a hundred-and-thirty-year-old escape pod ready to stand up to the inferno of re-entry in nine days? 
 Abby : Can you do it or not? 
 Raven : Hell, yes, I can do it, but I'm going with you. You're not the only one with someone you love on the ground. Those are my terms. Take it or leave it. 
 Abby : All right. You can come with me. 
 Raven : You got yourself a mechanic. 
 ( Distant, overlapping chatter ) 
 Boy : They're back! 
 Over there. 
 ( Kids murmuring ) 
 Is he… 
 Clarke : He's alive. I need boiled water and strips of cloth for bandage. 
 ( Murmuring continues ) 
 Oh! 
 Oh, ho ho! 
 Bellamy : Who's hungry?! 
 Yeah! 
 ( Kids cheering ) 
 Bellamy! Whoo! 
 ♪ Love, I have wounds ♪ 
♪ Some day you can mend ♪ 
♪ You can mend ♪ 
♪ Oh, oh, oh ♪ 
♪ I guess that's love ♪ 
♪ I can't pretend ♪ 
♪ I can't pretend ♪ 
♪ Oh, oh, oh ♪ 
♪ Feel, my skin is rough ♪ 
♪ But it can be cleansed ♪ 
♪ It can be cleansed ♪ 
 ( Alarm blaring ) 
 ♪ Oh, oh, oh ♪ 
♪ And my arms are tough ♪ 
♪ But they can be bent ♪ 
♪ They can be bent ♪ 
♪ Hey, hey, hey ♪ 
♪ And I want to fight ♪ 
♪ But I can't contend… ♪ 
 Clarke : He's stable for now, but without medicine… They're taking off their wristbands for food? No way. I… I won't do it. 
 Finn : You don't have to. 
 ♪ … I can't pretend ♪ 
♪ Oh, oh, oh ♪ 
 Bellamy : Whoa, whoa. Wait, wait, wait. What, you think you play by different rules? 
 Finn : I thought there were no rules. 
 Hey. 
 ♪ Oh, feel our bodies grow ♪ 
 Bellamy : Atom! 
 ♪ And our souls, they blend ♪ 
 Bellamy : Come on. We're on first watch. 
 ♪ Yeah, love, I hope you know ♪ 
♪ How much my heart depends ♪ 
 Atom : Guys, you're not just gonna leave me here. 
 Bellamy : No, Atom. I won't be disobeyed. 
 ♪ I can't pretend ♪ 
♪ I can't pretend… ♪ 
 Atom : Guys! 
 ♪ I guess that's love ♪ 
 Atom : Bellamy! Guys! Bellamy! 
 ♪ I can't pretend ♪ 
♪ Oh, oh, oh ♪ 
♪ I guess that's love ♪ 
♪ I can't pretend ♪ 
♪ I can't pretend ♪ 
♪ Oh, oh, oh ♪ 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 