Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x08 - Day Trip - The 100 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x08 - Day Trip https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=171&t=11034 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/09/14 06:50 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x08 - Day Trip 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Clarke  (V.O.): I was born in space. I've never felt the sun on my face or breathed real air or floated in the water. None of us have. For three generations, The Ark has kept what's left of the human race alive, but now our home is dying, and we are the last hope of mankind, desperate mission to the ground. Each of us was sent here because we broke the law. On the ground, there is no law. All we have to do is survive, but we will be tested by the earth, by the secrets it hides, and, most of all, by each other. 
 Clarke : Previously on "The 100"… 
 Jaha : Who shot me? 
 Kane : Bellamy Blake. He stowed away on the dropship. We're still investigating who helped him. 
 Shumway : Kill the Chancellor. 
 Clarke : That's why you took the wristbands; you needed everyone to think we're dead. 
 Bellamy : The Ark finds out we're alive, they'll come down, and when they do, I'm dead. 
 Jaha : Earth is survivable. Mankind is going home. 
 Bellamy : Hey, why were you defending him? 
 Octavia : Because he saved my life. I never wanted any of this to happen to you. 
 Lincoln : Thank you. 
 ( Scene goes to black ) 
 
 [ Dropship ] 
 ( Bellamy watches over a captive and bloody Lincoln ) 
 ( Hatch opens as Miller walks in ) Miller : Did you talk to The Ark? I told Digg's mom the news, John's dad. I'm supposed to talk to Roma's parents later. Bellamy : Thanks for doing that. I owe you. ( Miller turns to face Lincoln ) Miller : Telling all these parents that their kids were murdered by Grounders, I just wish I could say we were getting some justice. Bellamy : We're not killing him. Miller : You were a lot scarier when you had that face paint on. ( Miller smears something on Lincoln's face ) ( Lincoln headbutts Miller, knocking him to the ground ) ( Bellamy looks up at Lincoln while Miller groans in pain ) [ Camp ] ( Clarke uses the video chat to attend a council meeting ) Jaha : Tell me about the Grounder. Can he provide any insight on how to survive winter? [ The Ark ] ( the Council talks to Clarke ) Clarke : We're doing everything we can to prepare here. We're gathering nuts and berries, curing meats, digging for roots, but the truth is, we'll freeze before we starve. Kane : There's good news on that front. According to civil defense plans from before the war, there's an old emergency aid depot not far from the landing site. Here are the coordinates. Jaha : In addition to supplies, it could provide shelter for the hundred and for the citizens coming down from The Ark. Clarke : And what makes you think it's intact? Kane : It was designed to withstand nuclear warfare. Clarke : All right. It's worth a shot. Sydney : Chancellor, I have to object. Project Exodus is under way. The kids should sit tight in their camp until the first dropship launches. Jaha : Even if everything goes without a hitch, the hundred would die from exposure before relief arrives. I'd like a moment with Clarke alone, please, and I know there's a line of parents waiting to talk to their kids. Clarke, we all are very proud of what you've done down there. [ Camp ] ( Clarke talking with Jaha ) Jaha : Your mother… Clarke : I don't want to talk about my mother. Jaha : Please, Clarke. It's time to forgive. Let me schedule a time for you and Abby to sit down… Clarke : Look. I know you both think that betraying my dad, killing him, was an unavoidable tragedy, but I don't see it that way, and I never will. So just tell me who's next and let someone who actually wants to talk to their parents have a turn. ( Clarke leaves the tent looking for the next person in line ) Clarke : Dax. ( Clarke walks up to Jasper and Monty who are busy sorting, cracking, and eating nuts ) Clarke : Hey, you guys seen Dax? Monty : Over there on the meat crew. ( Clarke walks over to the meat crew ) Clarke : Dax. You're up. [ Dax, in communications tent ] ( Dax looks up to see Commander Shumway in front of the video instead of his mom ) Dax : Where's my mom? Shumway : You can see her after you and I have a little talk. Are you alone? Dax : Yeah. Why? Shumway : If I remember right, you beat a man to death. Dax : He stole from me. Shumway : Relax. I have a problem, and I think you can help me fix it, and in return, I can guarantee your mom a spot on the first dropship and for you a choice assignment when I get to the ground. Dax : What do you want me to do? Shumway : Kill Bellamy Blake. [ Cuts to black “the 100” screen ] [ Dropship ] ( Bellamy climbs down the ladder and sees Octavia sitting nearby ) Bellamy : You're still here? Octavia : I'm not moving until you let me up there to see him. Bellamy : Get comfortable. ( Bellamy looks away and then back at Octavia ) Bellamy : I let him live. Isn't that enough? Octavia : He saved my life and yours. Bellamy : I know you see it that way, but... Octavia : That's the way it is. Bellamy : He's still dangerous. Octavia : Only because of what you did. Bellamy : Whatever twisted connection you think you have with that animal, forget it. You don't get to see him. End of conversation. ( Bellamy turns to leave but stops when Octavia questions him ) Octavia : Why do you even care if I ruined your life? You should want me to go up there. Maybe you'll get lucky and he'll kill me, problem solved. Bellamy : Octavia, you know I didn't mean that. ( Clarke enters the dropship, unaware of the fighting siblings ) Clarke : Bellamy. ( Bellamy walks with intent to leave the dropship ) Bellamy : The answer is still no. I'm not talking to Jaha. Clarke : Hey, relax. ( Bellamy stops walking and faces Clarke ) Clarke : That's not why I'm here. Bellamy : What, then? Clarke : The Ark found some old records that show a supply depot not too far from here. Bellamy : What kind of supplies? Clarke : The kind that might give us a chance to live through winter. I'm gonna go check it out. I could use backup. Bellamy : Why are you asking me? Clarke : Well, because right now, I don't feel like being around anyone I actually like. ( Bellamy looks down and huffs with a smirk ) ( Bellamy glances up at Octavia and then back to Clarke nodding his head ) Bellamy : I'll get my stuff, meet you in ten. ( Clarke nods her head and leaves while the two Blake siblings glare at one another ) ( Bellamy leaves the dropship ) Jasper : What do you think they're gonna do with the Grounder? ( Monty and Jasper both look towards the Dropship and see Bellamy walking out ) Monty : I'd rather not think about it. Jasper : Well, it's been days since Bellamy captured him. How long till his friends come looking? Monty : Cheer up. In that time, we'll all be dead from hypothermia. ( Monty pops a nut into his mouth and makes a gesture to throw one in Jaspers mouth; which makes it ) Jasper : Hey, hey, hey. ( Monty and Jasper do a secret handshake ) [ Finn ] ( Clarke inspects Finn's wound as Raven watches ) Clarke : How are you feeling? Finn : Weak, bored... ( Finn winces ) Finn : Grateful to be alive. Clarke : Well, if you want to stay that way, you should rest. Raven : I'll tie him down if I have to. ( An awkward silence falls over the three ) Clarke : I'm gonna be out of camp today. Can you change his bandages in a few hours? Finn : Wait. Where are you going? Clarke : It's a little assignment from The Ark. It's nothing to worry about. Finn : It's not safe out there. Raven : Finn, Clarke is a big girl. She can take care of herself. Bellamy : Clarke... ( Bellamy peeks his head into the tent ) Bellamy : Let's get a move on. ( Finn rolls his eyes and lays his head back in displeasure when he sees who Clarke is leaving with ) Clarke : Make sure he stays in bed. Raven : It sounds like a plan. ( Clarke gets up and leaves the tent ) [ Bellamy ] ( Clarke notices him taking more rations than he should ) Clarke : That's a lot of rations. You realize this is a day trip. Bellamy : A lot can happen in a day. ( Octavia steps out of the dropship and sees Clarke and Bellamy leaving camp ) ( Bellamy looks back at camp and Octavia, until she goes back inside the dropship ) ( Bellamy turns and follows Clarke out of camp ) ( Dax sees Clarke and Bellamy leave camp and follows them; pocketing a hunting knife ) ( Screen cuts to black ) [ Camp ] ( showing various camp activists and then Connor inside the dropship ) Connor : Hey, Miller, Roma's parents are waiting for you on the radio. ( Octavia, who is still in the dropship, listens in ) ( Hatch opens and Miller walks out of the dropship and Octavia hides from Miller ) ( Octavia quickly climbs the ladder after Miller leaves the dropship ) ( Octavia opens up the hatch and enters the room were Lincoln is held ) Octavia : Hi. We don't have a lot of time. ( Octavia closes the hatch and then walks over to Lincoln ) Octavia : I brought you some water. Here. ( Octavia holds up the water and Lincoln drinks ) Octavia : It's good, right? Sorry I haven't seen you since everything happened. ( Octavia gives Lincoln more water ) Octavia : My brother has been keeping me away. He's a total dick, which you probably already figured out. ( Lincoln chuckles ) Octavia : You do understand me. I knew it. ( Octavia walks away, takes off her jacket ) Octavia : Well, at least let me get you cleaned up quick. ( Octavia picks up a rag and begins wiping away the blood and marvels at his tattoos ) Octavia : This is all my fault because I freaked out so bad when you locked me up in that cave. You'd totally understand why if you knew how I grew up. Lincoln : My name is Lincoln. Octavia : Lincoln. I'm Octavia. Well, is that it? Is that all you're gonna say? Lincoln : It's not safe for us to talk. Octavia : Well, if we shouldn't talk, then why did you tell me your name? Lincoln : I want you to remember me after I'm dead. Octavia : You're not gonna die. Don't say that. Lincoln : Octavia, this only ends one way. Octavia : Just talk to them. Tell them you're not the enemy. Lincoln : I am. Miller : Octavia, get the hell out now. Bellamy is not even here. Get out, or he gets the beating I've been aching to give him. Octavia : Okay, okay. I get it. I'm gone. 
 
 [ Location:  ] Clarke : You know, the first dropship is gonna come down soon. Pretty sure you can't avoid Jaha forever. Bellamy : I can try. Clarke : The depot is supposed to be around here somewhere. There's got to be a door. Maybe he'll be lenient. Bellamy : Look. I shot the man, Clarke. He's not just gonna forgive and forget. Let's just split up, cover more ground. Stay within shouting distance. [ Location:  ] Raven : I'd hate to see the other guy. Octavia : You did, when you were torturing him. Raven : Finn was dying. I'm not gonna apologize for doing what I had to do. Octavia : It must suck to come all the way down here to find out your boyfriend is into somebody else. Raven : I'm not doing this with you. ( Raven walks to Finn's tent ) Raven : Hey. Finn : Hey. Raven : Thirsty? Let me get that.  ( Raven gives Finn some water. Raven begins kissing Finn. ) Finn : Wait. Wait. Raven : I've been waiting since they locked you up on The Ark. Finn : We can't, not till we talk. Raven : I don't want to talk. Finn : Something happened. Raven : Finn, I know, and I don't want to talk about it - Well - Ever. Do you love me? Finn : Always. Raven : Okay, then. Mm. You're supposed to be resting. Finn : Let me. [ Location:  ] Clarke : Bellamy. Over here. I found a door.  ( tries pulling the door open )  Uh! I think it's rusted shut. Bellamy : Here. Watch your foot. Clarke : Okay. Bellamy : Give me a hand. Clarke : Oh! Here."  ( they both open the door ) Bellamy : Really think this place hasn't been touched since the war? Clarke : A girl can dream. Come on. ( they notice a skeleton with ragged clothing on it on the stairs ) Bellamy : Hell of a place to die. Clarke : So much for living down here. This place is disgusting. Bellamy : Damn it. Anything left down here is ruined. Clarke : They must have distributed most of the supplies before the last bombs went off. Hey, I found blankets. Bellamy : Excited about a couple of blankets? Clarke : Well, it's something. Bellamy : How about a canteen or a med kit or a decent fricking tent? Argh! [ Location:  ] Monty : Oh, my God. Jasper : What? Monty : Earth is scary. It's amazing. Fresh ait, trees, nuts. These taste better than usual, right? Oh, I'd like to give Earth a giant hug. Jasper : You're acting weird. Monty : I feel weird, but in a good way. Jasper : I gotta pee. ( Jasper goes outside. While relieving himself, he begins hallucinating that Grounders are in the camp. ) Jasper : Yaah! Ooh!  ( Jasper runs over to Octavia )  Octavia? Octavia, I think I'm going crazy, or the Grounders are here, or I'm going crazy, or- Octavia : Okay. Just slow down. Just tell me what you saw. Jasper : [points] Him. Octavia : Jasper, there's no-one there. Jasper : He's right there! We have to run. We have to run. Why isn't anyone doing any- Octavia : Stop it! Shut up. Jasper, are you on something? Jasper : I love you, and I just want you to know this. We're all gonna die soon, okay? I love you."  ( Jasper tries to eat another Jobi Nut ) Octavia : [takes the nut from Jasper] Is this all you've eaten today? Jasper : It is, but who the hell cares now? It's- Octavia : You're totally bombed. Oh, relax. Here, buddy. Take this. Jasper : It's a stick. Octavia : No. This is an anti-Grounder stick. So long as you hold this and you sit right here, Grounders won't be able to see you. See? Jasper : Yeah. Makes sense. I'll just stay right here. Does make sense. Octavia : Stay right there. [ Location:  ] Miller : Get out. Octavia : Relax. I thought you might be hungry. A peace offering. I shouldn't have come up here alone earlier. It was stupid and dangerous, and he's not worth it. I won't tell Bellamy if you won't. [ Location:  ] Bellamy : This changes everything. No more running from spears. Ready to be a badass, Clarke? Clarke : Look. I'm not gonna fight you on bringing guns back to camp. I know we need them, but don't expect me to like it. Bellamy : We're lucky the rifles were packed in grease. The fact that they survived means we're not sitting ducks anymore. You need to learn how to do this. Clarke : So, I just hold it on my shoulder? Bellamy : Yeah, just a little higher now, that end. Yeah.  ( Bellamy gets flustered being so close to Clarke )  Uh, that's good. Uh, watch and learn."  ( Bellamy picks up another rifle and tries firing it, but it doesn't fire ) Clarke : Still watching. Bellamy : My bullets are duds. Try yours. ( Clarke shoots, this time it fires ) Clarke : That was amazing. Ha! Am I horrible for feeling that? Bellamy : Try again. Clarke : No. We shouldn't waste the ammunition. Bellamy : You need to practice. Clarke : No. We need to talk about how we're gonna keep guns around camp, where are we gonna keep them, and who has access. You left Miller in charge of the Grounder. You must trust him. Bellamy : You should keep him close. The others listen to him. Clarke : I should keep him close? Bellamy, what's going on? You've been acting weird all day. All the rations you took. You're gonna run. That's why you agreed to come with me. You were gonna load up on supplies and just disappear. Bellamy : I don't have a choice. The Ark will be here soon. Clarke : So you're just gonna leave Octavia? Bellamy : Octavia hates me. She'll be fine. You don't know I shot the Chancellor. They're gonna kill me, Clarke. Best-case scenario, they lock me up with the Grounder for the rest of my life, and there's no way in hell I'm giving Jaha the satisfaction. Keep practicing. I need some air. ( Bellamy goes outside, clearly upset. He begins hallucinating that Jaha is on the ground with him, as well as the 320 people who died in the culling. ) Jaha : Bellamy Blake. Bellamy : How are you here? You're on the Ark. Jaha : You shot me on the Ark, but I've been waiting for you. Bellamy : I did what I had to do. Jaha : To protect Octavia. That's right. Pathetic, using your sister to justify your crimes, your cruelty, your selfishness? Bellamy : If you're gonna kill me, just do it. Jaha : Why should I kill you? Unlike the others, I survived your treachery. Bellamy : What are you talking about? Jaha : The three hundred and twenty souls that were culled from the Ark so that others could live. You knew that they would be sacrificed. The radio. Bellamy : I didn't know that would happen! Jaha : It's not my forgiveness you should seek. It's theirs. Culled People : Murderer. Murderer. Murderer. Murderer. Murderer. Murderer. Murderer. Bellamy : Stop! [ Clarke hallucinating ] Jake : It's not what you imagined, is it? Clarke : Dad? (Chattering and laughter) Hey, is the moon in here? Monty... I can't change the tide if the moon won't cooperate. Get out of here. It's basic physics. Oh, stay here. (Chattering and laughter) Ha ha ha! Ha ha ha! Ha ha ha. Scratch that. Get out here. You're not real, are you? Sorry, kiddo. I wish I were. Wait. How is this possible? I'm thinking why more important than how. Why me? Because I miss you. Think there's more to it than that, kiddo. You want me to forgive her. Hey... Your mom loves you, Clarke. She betrayed you. How can I forgive her for that? The disappointed look isn't fair. (Chuckles) I'm trying. I'm trying all the time, but everyone is counting on me, and it's so hard. Come here. I know, honey. It's been tough, hasn't it? I let someone get tortured. Listen. You're doing the best you can. You want me to say mom did the best she could. This is about what you want. You're dead because of her. She doesn't deserve my forgiveness. Oh... Listen to me. Forgiveness isn't about what people deserve. Look. I'm sorry. I can't. Whatever. Crazy bitch. Dad? Don't move. Uh! Aah. We need to go now. Uh! (Panting) Why are you doing this? Just get dressed. They'll know you helped me. Aah! You said it... you stay here, you'll die. I'm not gonna let that happen. I'm not gonna put you in danger. You need to do this now. Ok. Even in these clothes, I'll be seen. People are seeing plenty of things right now. Oh! Up you get. Uh! Ok. Let's go. What'd you do? Set out some of our winter rations a little early. Jobi nuts, the food you gave my guard, they go bad, they cause visions, but it wears off. Just try to get as far away as you can, ok, and try not to get yourself killed. Tell me again. You are the most beautiful broom in a broom closet of brooms. Mm... (Girl crying) I got this one. Hey... Hey... Murderer. Man : Murderer. Murderer. Murderer. Murderer. Murderer. Murderer. Please kill me. Kill me! I deserve it. Please. I can't fight anymore. Jaha : Don't you know? Life is a fight. What am I supposed to do? Live, breathe, suffer. You owe them that. You want the peace of death. You're gonna have to earn it. Agh! Agh... Fight back! Do you think you deserve to be free of your pain? Do you deserve that gift? Because you're gonna get it. (Gun cocks) Nothing personal. (Click) Clarke : Put it down, Dax. Dax : Should've stayed down there, Clarke. I tried not to kill you, but here you are, and Shumway said no witnesses. What is he talking about? Shumway set it up. He gave me the gun to shoot the chancellor. Walk away now, and I won't kill you. Put it down. Your choice. (Click) (Gunshots) No! Get the hell off him! Uh! (Panting) (Panting) You're ok. No, I'm not. My mother... if she knew what I've done, who I am... she raised me to be better, to be good... Bellamy... And all I do is hurt people. (Sniffles) I'm a monster. Hey... You have saved my life today. You may be a total ass half the time, but I need you. We all need you. None of us would've survived this place if it wasn't for you. You want forgiveness, fine, I'll give it to you. You're forgiven, ok, but you can't run, Bellamy. You have to come back with me. You have to face it. Like you faced your mom? You're right. I don't want to face my mom. I don't want to face any of it. All I think about every day is who we're gonna keep everyone alive, but we don't have a choice. (Sniffles) Jaha will kill me when he comes down. We'll figure something out. Can we figure it out later? Whenever you're ready. Rough night? Yeah. My head is killing me. You? I'm pretty sure I ate a pine cone because it told me to. Miller : He's gone. The grounder is gone. What if he brings other grounders back? He'll kill us all. Or worse. Bellamy : Let the grounders come. We've been afraid of them for far too long, and why? Because of their knives and spears. I don't know about you. I'm tired of being afraid. Ho ho ho! No way. Clarke : These are weapons, ok, not toys, and we have to be prepared to give them up to the guard when the dropships come, but until then, they're gonna help keep us safe. And there are plenty more where these came from. Tomorrow we start training, and if the grounders come, we're gonna be ready to fight. (Music playing) I don't expect you to forgive me, but you'll have to find a way to live with me... because I'm not going anywhere. Clarke : Bellamy... It's time. Grounder escaping, was that you? I had nothing to do with it. Thanks for the blanket. Jaha : Mr. Blake, I've wanted to talk to you for some time now. Before you do, I'd like to say something. When you sent us down here, you sent us to die, but miraculously, most of us are still alive. In large part, that is because of him, because of Bellamy. He's one of us, and he deserves to be pardoned of his crimes just like the rest of us. Clarke, I appreciate your point of view, but it's not that simple. It is if you want to know who on The Ark wants you dead. Bellamy Blake, you're pardoned for your crimes. Now, tell me who gave you the gun. You're a disgrace. I'm fighting for what I believe in, just like you. What, exactly, is that? I need to check this. Guns? Really? The grounder escaping, we have to expect retaliation. We have to be prepared. Yeah. Our ancestors wanted to be prepared, too. So they built bombs. Rifles are not the same as nukes. In Bellamy's hands, they are. Clarke, come on. You can't predict what he's gonna do. There's no perfect answer, Finn. The grounder saved Octavia's life, and Bellamy brought him back here and tortured him. Yeah, but if he hadn't brought him back here, you'd be dead. I know. I trust him. You can't be serious. I am. Clarke... You and Bellamy are leading us down a dangerous road. I wish you would've talked to me about it first. I wish you talked to me about a lot of things, but you didn't. (Door opens) Thank God it's you. I thought I was about to float. It won't come to that, Commander. Wait. What's going on? I did what you asked me... agh! 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 