Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x11 - Veterans - Justified 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x11 - Veterans https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=112&t=15286 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/27/10 12:18 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x11 - Veterans 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Methamphetamine is a modern-day plague, like locusts, only worse. 
 If I come back out here again and you're still cooking up that poison... 
 Well, be careful what you're doing in there. 
 I hear these things blow up all the time. 
 Fire in the hole. 
 You b*st*rd. 
 Gill was in the back. 
 You killed Gill. 
 Did my daddy send you? 
 I told him I was starting a church. 
 Yeah, and he embraces that, boy, with all his might. 
 But you don't screw with the man's business. 
 A meth lab blew up in the woods outside of Harlan. 
 And the local police there had a CI inside. 
 He was killed. 
 So now he's killed someone. 
 Come out of the tent with your hands up! 
 Put your hands up! Come on! 
 Get out! Get out! Now! 
 Get on the ground! 
 Good morning, gentlemen. 
 Please remain facedown with your legs spread until you are told otherwise. 
 You are now in the custody of the Kentucky State Police and the US Marshals service. 
 Raylan, with all this manpower, you looking for Osama Bin Laden, 'cause I'm fair certain he ain't here. 
 You must be proud. 
 You made it most of three weeks before murdering someone. 
 Sorry. 
 Mr. Crowder, Captain Choate of the Kentucky State Police has identified a parolee living among you, in violation of the terms of his release. 
 All this fuss is over one parole violator? 
 Well, unless you've got something else you'd like to tell me about. 
 Well, they strike the shepherd so the sheep may scatter. 
 The shepherd... is that you? 
 Oh! 
 Come up out of there! 
 Let me see your hands! 
 What the hell you think I'm trying to do? 
 Whoa, whoa, hey. 
 Hold up. 
 I think I know that voice. 
 Hey. Looky here. 
 It's Dewey Crowe. 
 Luther, you know you're going back to prison. 
 You got like... What? four years left on your bit. 
 That could easily turn into 10. 
 You need friends right now, Luther, somebody to go to the A. USA and the judge and tell them you helped us make a case. 
 If you do that, we might be able to go to bat for you. 
 You strike at the shepherd, that the sheep may scatter. 
 You strike at the shepherd, that the sheep may scatter. 
 You strike at the shepherd, that the sheep may scatter. 
 They strike at the Shepherd, that the sheep may scatter. 
 You might strike out the shepherd, but us sheep, we won't never get struck out. Or scattered. 
 Or words to that effect. 
 Well, Raylan, it seems that we are destined to be locked in an antagonistic relationship. 
 As long as you keep putting yourself in trouble's way. 
 You gonna introduce me to your friends? 
 Oh, my mistake. I'm sorry. 
 Yes, of course. 
 Uh, Art Mullen, the Chief Deputy of this office. 
 Art's my boss. 
 I thought you guys had met that night I shot you, but, of course, you were unconscious by the time he showed up. 
 And this is Detective Frank Choate, Kentucky State Police. 
 We are looking into the homicide of the man blown up in ransom holler. 
 Mr. Crowder... 
 We found this in your camp. 
 We were wondering where all this money came from. 
 Well, there are people in Harlan County who understand the mission of my church and support it with generous donations. 
 These are donations? 
 Not money you stole from a meth lab before you blew it to sh1t? 
 All from grateful souls who want to see me expand my ministry. 
 Well, it's now the property of the Marshals Service, until such time as you can prove that you came by it honestly, you know, with donation forms and receipts, and I'm sure you've got all that stuff. 
 Well, I've never been good at paperwork, but I'll get right on that. 
 Boyd, just honestly, are you working for your daddy? 
 Is that what this is, just scaring people back under his wing? 
 Has it ever occurred to everyone sitting at this table that what happened in ransom holler might have been an accident? 
 Oh, so you didn't mean to burn that boy alive. 
 Well, I'm merely suggesting that the explosion of a meth lab might have been accidental. 
 And if a man was killed, well, I think we may safely claim to see the hand of righteousness in it. 
 And whose hand would that be... yours? 
 Only the Lord can be righteous. 
 I make no such claims for myself. 
 Do you know anything about the man you killed? 
 He was a screw-up, working in a meth lab. 
 Maybe he was trying to turn his life around, do some good. 
 Sure as hell didn't deserve to die like that. 
 Dear friend, death comes to all of us, but if he was truly a man on a righteous road, he is now with our heavenly Father. 
 Would you do me a favor... 
 And just show me in there where it justifies the killing of innocent people. 
 You really don't know sh1t about the heavenly Father, do you, Crowder? 
 It's assholes like you that give Christians like me a bad name. 
 No, Frank, I got this. 
 You want to talk about the hand of righteousness. 
 You're gonna find out what that means. 
 The kingdom of heaven suffers violence. 
 Violent men take it by force. 
 Is Crowder completely full of sh1t? 
 He is, but I just don't know if he believes it or not. 
 What do we do now - go on back down there to Harlan? 
 I think our best bet is tracking down the two meth cookers who were in the lab. 
 If Boyd didn't already kill them and dump their bodies somewhere. 
 Well, exactly, in which case, we have no witnesses. 
 Then I think our best bet is going to Boyd through his father. 
 One problem we do have... we don't know the extent of Boyd's old criminal enterprises. 
 I can help you with that. 
 All right. Do. 
 Winona. Hey. 
 Hi. Raylan. 
 You just happen to be here? 
 Um...No, I was looking for you, actually. 
 What did I do now? 
 Nothing. 
 No, it was me. I, um... 
 Um...When I was, uh... when I was at your motel room the other day, I... 
 I think I lost my hair clip. 
 I've looked in the ca... 
 I've checked in the car. 
 Um...Well, I've checked everywhere. 
 I can't find it. 
 What's it look like? 
 Um, a hair clip. 
 What? 
 You got so many hair clips in your room you need me to identify my hair clip? 
 Well, if I see it, I'll let you know. 
 Okay, thanks. 
 Oh, uh... 
 No. 
 No, go... oh, I was, uh... 
 What were you gonna say? 
 I was just gonna say thank you, again, for... for what you did for Gary. 
 Just happy it turned out the way it did. 
 Are you? 
 I got to go. 
 I bet you're glad to be back at work, though, huh? 
 Yeah. I am. 
 Ooh. 
 Sorry. 
 All right. Okay. 
 I'm real sorry I didn't take your offer that first time around, Boyd. 
 I mean... Looking back, it... it was a real square deal. 
 You wasn't thinking straight, was you, Mickey? 
 I mean, sometimes them chemical vapors, they... they seep in your pores a-and mess with your brain... G-get you all mixed up. 
 I ain't too big a man to say I made a mistake or nothing. 
 We all make mistakes, right, Johnny? 
 Every damn day. 
 Is it too late for us to get your protection now? 
 Never too late. 
 I'll have my boys look after you. 
 And don't worry - we'll let bygones be bygones, get you up and running again. 
 The, uh, rate's gonna be 10. 
 Um, last time you said 5. 
 You're what they call... 
 "High risk." 
 Are you really in a position to haggle over price? 
 No, no, no. Of course not. 
 I...10's fine. 
 Thank you, Boyd. Thank you. 
 Live and learn. 
 Isn't that what they always say? 
 Yep. 
 Live and learn. 
 What? 
 You sick? 
 No. 
 It's that bad, huh? 
 No, Raylan, living in the hole's a party. 
 I figure I'll give it a year. 
 If it don't get no better, I'll take the bedsheet exit. 
 Why are you here? 
 Well, I was hoping you'd give me the lay of the land as far as Boyd Crowder and Harlan's concerned. 
 So now you want help getting at Boyd when it's because of you he's back on the street. 
 Me? No, no, no, no, no. 
 Boyd is out because of me. 
 Boyd is out because of you. 
 I had a lid on Harlan. 
 I bet you did. 
 Crime went way down after I came in. 
 You were on the payroll of a Miami drug cartel. 
 Yeah, they paid me to let drugs roll through Harlan. 
 They didn't stop there. 
 You know, Boyd was the one providing protection for the meth labs. 
 I put Boyd down, I cut meth in Harlan by half. 
 I can imagine. 
 No, I don't think you can, Raylan. 
 You wouldn't believe the sh1t I had to deal with. 
 Trying to flush out them snakes, the Stoll brothers, spreading their black-tar heroin. 
 How about Chris Lytle? 
 Do you remember little Chris Lytle? 
 Chris Lytle the... 
 Little faggot walked in front of the marching band with the stick... yeah, yeah, yeah. 
 I heard he became a marine. 
 Yeah, then he came back, started growing pot from Harlan to the Virginia state line. 
 Trying to stomp him was like playing whac-a-mole. 
 What was Boyd's involvement in all this? 
 Protection and collection. 
 Hey, anything's running, he's getting a cut of it. 
 What about after you put him away? 
 Johnny take over? 
 Oh, no. 
 Boyd assigned his collection duties to Arlo Givens. 
 Whose son's a big US Marshal? 
 You know, from what I heard, he did a piss-poor job, too. 
 Ran it right into the ground. 
 I can't imagine old Boyd's too happy about that, can you? 
 Sir. 
 Morning, sir. 
 Mr. Crowder. 
 I seem to recall you making your first tent out of bedsheets and broom handles. 
 You were about knee-high. 
 Some things never change, huh? 
 Afternoon, Daddy. 
 I always prayed that the Lord would guide you into the light. 
 Welcome to the Church of The Last Chance Salvation. 
 You're looking good. 
 This backwoods lifestyle seems to be suiting you. 
 I prefer a soft pair of double D's, a 60-inch-wide screen, and a good stiff drink, myself. 
 Johnny. 
 Is that Hestler Jones? 
 In the flesh. 
 Well, I ain't seen you in a minute. 
 When did you get your release? 
 I forget. It was a day ending in a "y". 
 Well, did you have to go around and tell all your neighbors you're a pervert? 
 How better for me to see what the new talent is? 
 That day I came to pick you up at big Sandy and I asked you to work some hours to help me rebuild my business and you said you wanted to walk another path, well, I reacted poorly. 
 That's why I came too see you today, son, to say I'm sorry, to beg your forgiveness and your indulgence. 
 What's this? 
 The smoke from your blast sent a signal across all of Harlan County. 
 I got people lining up with cash in their hands, begging me for protection. 
 Well, I can't accept this. 
 Why not? 
 'Cause I know where it comes from. 
 The bible tells us that "a gift blinds the wise and perverts the words of the righteous." 
 Well, then let's just consider it an offering, my tithes to your church of the last this, that, or the other. 
 You're not taking me seriously, Daddy, and I don't find that amusing. 
 You know, it's funny. 
 I was just about to say the same goddamn thing to you. 
 I'll send Johnny to tell you where this hand of God will strike next. 
 You're wasting your time if you think I'm doing anything on your behalf. 
 Whatever you're doing, it's working. 
 Just keep doing it, Son. 
 Son of a bitch! 
 God! 
 Helen. 
 Hello, Raylan. 
 Helen, this is Art Mullen. 
 He's my boss. 
 You got a nice garden, Mrs. Givens. 
 Your boss is a liar. 
 Hmm. 
 This was his mama's garden. 
 I promised her I'd take care of it when she was gone. 
 I have done a god-awful job. 
 Well, it's a lot of work. 
 Hand me that, would you? 
 Oh. Sure. 
 Hey, let me ask you something - do you get snails? 
 Whole armies of the little bastards. 
 You got a cure? 
 Well, I was hoping you did. 
 I mean, I've tried everything. 
 I even tried crushing them and stringing them on a line as a lesson to the other snails, but they don't seem to care. 
 Why are you here, Mr. Mullen? 
 I thought Raylan didn't want nothing more to do with us. 
 No, we just wanted to have a quick word with your husband. 
 He's not here. 
 Where is he? 
 Why? 
 We just... we needed his advice about something. 
 His advice? 
 You thought that would work? 
 Flattery? 
 Well... Now, it often does. 
 7 out of 10 times, I'd say. 
 He's down at the VFW, blowing off steam. 
 Been spending all his time down there lately. 
 Says those vets are the only ones who understand him. 
 Apparently, his wife does not. 
 Well, I wouldn't take it personal. 
 VFW's the only place he can get a drink in this dry town. 
 What do you think he's done this time? 
 No, no, ma'am. 
 It's nothing like that. 
 We just wanted to have a quick word with him... that's all. 
 You have a nice day. 
 You've got a beautiful place here. 
 You know what? Hey. 
 We know Arlo's been running Boyd's protection business when Boyd was in prison. 
 Raylan. 
 It never ends with you, does it? 
 Helen, this ain't personal. 
 You can lie to yourself all you want, Raylan. 
 You can put on that hat and that badge and pretend you're someone else, just so you can accept every crazy notion you hear about your father. 
 Are you saying I'm wrong? 
 This look like the palace of a Harlan County kingpin to you? 
 I'd say it looks about right, given the fact that Arlo ran Boyd's business into the ground. 
 I know nothing about that. 
 He's gonna have to answer for pissing Boyd's money away. 
 Do you understand what I'm saying? 
 Gonna need a new trailer to cook the meth in. 
 Boyd will get it for you. 
 Can he get us ephedrine? 
 It's better than buying that cold sh1t. 
 Boyd will get you everything you need. 
 Here he is now, boys. 
 Afternoon, soldier! 
 Sorry, sir, no membership ID, no entry. 
 Did you see that part down there where it says "US Marshall"? 
 Again, I'm sorry, sir, but it's veterans and their guests only, unless you got a warrant. 
 Are you serious? 
 Listen, my father's inside, named Arlo Givens. 
 Would you just tell him we need to speak with him? 
 Just a moment. 
 That's nice stonework. 
 Not if you're trying to bounce a ball off it. 
 I spent my fair share of time out here, waiting for him. 
 Sorry, sir. I can't help you. 
 Well, I know he's in there. 
 His truck is right there. 
 Sorry, sir. 
 Howdy. 
 We interrupt anything? 
 I've been off the clock since 5:00, so... 
 You drunk? 
 I was headed in that direction, till this detour. 
 No admission, huh? 
 Did you try flirting? 
 He was immune to my charms. 
 He said heroes only. 
 Oh, okay. 
 You show him your ass wound? 
 No, I didn't think it was that kind of an evening. 
 Evening, soldier. 
 Uh, I didn't bring my cape. 
 I'm guessing this will suffice? 
 Rangers, huh? 
 Where did you serve? 
 Afghanistan. 
 No sh1t? 
 We got a boy waiting to ship. 
 Oh, great. 
 Maybe he can buy me a drink. 
 
 
 
 How did you get in? 
 Deputy Gutterson served in Afghanistan. 
 He a mess-hall cook? 
 Sniper in the Rangers. 
 So, he's the sh1t. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 And you? 
 Art Mullen, Chief Deputy. 
 Have a seat. 
 The Afghan war, huh? 
 Yes, sir. 
 "Yes, sir. " I like that. "Yes, sir." 
 So, what can I do for you all? 
 We're interested in Boyd Crowder. 
 Isn't he out in the woods, uh, running a revival or something? 
 Yeah, but we want to know if he's helping Bo Crowder and if Bo's reestablishing his businesses. 
 Why would I know any of that? 
 Because you ran Bo's protection-and-collection business while he was in prison. 
 I what? 
 You deny it? 
 Hell, yes, I deny it. 
 That's crazy. 
 Why on earth would Bo do something like that? 
 Okay. We're done here. 
 Mr. Givens, what we need you to consider... what I'm supposed to say is, "we know you ran Bo's protection racket into the dirt." 
 So it don't take a prophet to see the future from here. 
 Okay, you can either sit around, waiting to catch a bullet... 
 Or... 
 What? 
 Or you can accept protection from the Marshals Service. 
 That's why you're here? 
 I don't need protection. 
 Yeah? What about Helen? 
 You gonna forgive yourself if she gets caught in the crossfire, hmm? 
 You are no longer welcome here... Any of you. 
 Okay. 
 Tell the truth... you didn't honestly think you could turn me. 
 I came here as an officer of the law, because sometimes we have to make deals with lowlifes because we have our sights set on life-forms even somehow lower on the ladder of lowlifes than they. 
 Hey, hey. 
 Now, Arlo... 
 Use your words. 
 Hmm. 
 Mr. Givens, we're taking down the Crowders. 
 And you can either go with them... Or not. 
 Over here. 
 Let me guess... our missing meth cookers. 
 Each with a bullet hole in the back of the head. 
 Hello, Arlo. 
 Bo. Thanks for coming. 
 Want a drink? 
 Sure. 
 What'll you have? 
 Oh, how about a Singapore sling. 
 What the hell do you think I'm gonna have? 
 I don't know. 
 I'm having some bourbon. 
 It was a joke, Arlo. 
 Helen here? 
 No, she's out. Why? 
 Well, several of the Harlan ladies brought me care packages when they heard I was out. 
 I've kindly been waiting for Helen to show up at my place with a big basket of something sweet. 
 I can't remember the last time she baked anything. 
 Well, I can forgive Helen. 
 Why weren't you there to welcome me home? 
 Because I knew how this was gonna go, and I thought it wasn't gonna amount to much. 
 What happened? 
 Young punks came in, wouldn't show respect. 
 You should have made them. 
 And you shouldn't have given the job to an old man. 
 That's why I picked you. 
 If I'd have left Johnny in charge, he might have gotten ideas about taking over. 
 You know your place. 
 At least I thought you did. 
 Where's my money? 
 There is no money. 
 People stopped paying. 
 You invited me over here to tell me this? 
 No, Bo, I invited you over to tell you you have to do something about your son Boyd. 
 He has gone clear off the deep end. 
 Well, sh1t, at least he hasn't join the other team, become a goddamn Marshal for Christ's sake. 
 At least Raylan doesn't run around, preaching Jesus and blowing up meth labs. 
 I got control over my boy. 
 Can you say the same about yours? 
 He comes to town, it's to ruin the likes of you and me. 
 Only reason my son comes to Harlan is because of your son. 
 You're gonna give me my money. 
 How much you want? 
 $50,000 to start with. 
 I don't have that. 
 How much you got? 
 Nothing. 
 Well, then why did you ask? 
 Being polite. 
 "Polite"? 
 Well, how about this... you've got until this time tomorrow to come up with a better answer. 
 Or what? 
 Thanks for the drink. 
 I'm sorry I missed Helen. 
 Give her my best, huh? 
 I should have shot him. 
 Or you. 
 I got one of these for my grandson, Willy. 
 He loved it. 
 He used it to terrorize his dog. 
 You know, those Chinamen... they get a bad rap, what with their history of communist oppression and all. 
 But without their cheap labor and parts, well, you couldn't get yourself a remote-controlled helicopter for $37.99 . 
 No, sir. 
 Well, as fascinating as this is, Mr. Lemuel, it's a different Chinese product I came to discuss. 
 Ah, well. 
 Those are a little harder to come by, and they cost a touch more than $37.99 . 
 Well, I'm aware of that, but I have recently been given a stipend and a benediction that allow me not only to proceed with a full wallet... 
 But a full heart. 
 I'll see what I can do. 
 Dewey Crowe. 
 Aw, sh1t. 
 Come on, hop in. 
 Hell with it. I'll wait for another car. 
 Dewey. 
 What you doing? 
 I'm hitchhiking. What's it look like? 
 But what's going on? 
 I got nothing to say to you. 
 Why aren't you up there at church camp with pastor Boyd and the other commandos? 
 They ain't Crowder's commandos no more, that's for damn sure. 
 What do you mean by that? 
 Too much religion. 
 That's why I left. 
 I never should have come down. 
 There's too many rules. 
 What kind of rules? 
 Oh, all kinds! 
 Hell, I can't even remember them all. They're from the Bible. 
 They kick you out for breaking one of God's rules? 
 Yeah, one of them. 
 One lousy rule... he kicked me out. 
 Well, what did you do... Lie? Steal? 
 Dance on Sunday? 
 He called me an onanist. 
 Bet you don't even know what that is, smartass. 
 Actually, I do. 
 Yeah, well, I didn't. 
 How you think that was, Boyd, running me down in front of everybody? 
 I don't know... funny? 
 You go to hell. 
 I'm just playing. 
 So he kicked you out for jacking off, huh?! 
 Hey, Dewey Crowe, you stop right there! 
 In name of the US Marshals Service and the government of the United States, I hereby declare you deputized. 
 What? 
 You are now a duly deputized Assistant US Marshal. 
 What the hell's that supposed to mean? 
 It means you either assist me in my investigation or find yourself in violation of section 39b of the US Marshal's act, for which you might receive a sentence of not longer than three years in the federal pen. 
 Oh, bullshit! 
 That's an abuse of federal power! 
 Well, be that as it may, it is the law. 
 Now, get in the car, or face the consequences. 
 Boyd really bounced you out of there for spanking the monkey? 
 You know, flogging the log? 
 Polishing the German helmet? 
 Where you taking me? 
 What do you mean, where am I taking you? 
 I'm taking you back to Boyd's. 
 What? 
 I was headed there already, but this'll be much better. 
 You'll have a badge and a gun... 
 Won't be loaded of course. 
 You got to earn that kind of trust. 
 You can't take me back there! 
 What do you mean I can't? 
 You're a man of the law now. 
 We're on the same side, Dewey Crowe. 
 This is bullshit. 
 You ever hear of the OK Corral, hmm? 
 Does that ring a bell? 
 Yeah. 
 Well, weren't none of those men walking with Wyatt Earp deputized before that moment... not the day before, not the hour before. 
 He deputized them right then and there, and they did their job. 
 They died! 
 Well, that's true. 
 But they died heroes, huh? 
 Oh, this just sucks. Will you pull over and let me out? 
 Why did you and Boyd blow up that meth lab? 
 Me?! 
 That was before I got down here. 
 Ain't you paying attention? 
 Well, you must have heard something. 
 You know he killed a man sleeping in the back of that place, and now it seems he's killed two other men, as well. 
 Oh, I know what you're thinking. 
 Only two minutes to the camp. 
 Can't wait to show off your shiny new badge. 
 He never killed them. He let them go. 
 Why did he blow up the lab? 
 Because he hates meth. 
 Why did he blow up that particular lab? 
 One of his men used to be a cooker there. 
 Which one? 
 I can't remember. 
 Try harder. 
 Oh, Bobby something. Bobby Sue. 
 "Bobby Sue"? 
 Oh, I don't... Will you turn the damn car around?! 
 Gentlemen, this morning, we are looking for Bobby Joe Pecker. 
 Packer. 
 Packer. Sorry. 
 See. We got a warrant and everything. 
 What, you got him squirreled away in a mine somewhere? 
 I don't know where he is, Raylan - hopefully out spreading the good word. 
 Hey, can you ask your friends to be a little more gentle with our belongings? 
 We don't have much, but we do value what we have. 
 Well, I could, but they're looking for a witness to murder, so I don't think they'll listen. 
 What does that make it now, four on the list? 
 What list, Raylan? 
 The men you murdered. 
 I got one on a bridge, one in a meth lab, and now these two meth cookers we found dumped in a ditch. 
 Are there more? 
 You know, Raylan, we are getting precipitously close to the moment I ask to have my lawyer to be present. 
 Yeah. 
 Oh, I think I found out that thing about Arlo you were gonna tell me, that could help me put him away. 
 He was running your daddy's protection-and-collection business while your daddy was in prison. 
 Was that it? 
 Yeah, that's it. 
 That was the deep, dark secret about your daddy I was dangling. 
 I figured as much. 
 But do you know who he was running collections with? 
 Wasn't you, was it? 
 No, it wasn't me. 
 And the only reason I'm gonna tell you this is 'cause he is well beyond your reach. 
 Now, far be it from me to tell you how to run your affairs. 
 But you might want to have a word with the woman you are currently bedding. 
 You see, the man who ran my daddy's collections, along with your father, was Ava's late husband, my deceased brother, Bowman... God rest his soul. 
 Well, I thought Ava would have told you that. 
 Hmm. 
 Bowman? Ava's ex? 
 That's what he said. 
 Well, that could be bullshit, just trying to get you all spun up. 
 Yeah. Probably. 
 The last car drove off. The woods are clear. 
 With alacrity! 
 Let's get him out of here. 
 Come on. 
 Hold on! 
 1, 2, 3. 
 Man, that was hot! 
 About cooked! 
 Man, you never told me how you knew they were coming for me. 
 Dewey called and confessed he broke a confidence. 
 How was it down there? 
 I couldn't hear nothing. 
 I thought you forgot about me. 
 Not for a second. 
 I appreciate you going down there for me, Bobby. 
 I truly do. 
 I'd do anything for you, Boyd. 
 You saved my soul. 
 God does the saving, son. I just point the way. 
 Now, Bobby, I'm gonna have to ask for one more favor, and I'm gonna warn you, now, it's a big one. 
 Whatever you want, Boyd. 
 All right. Come on. Let's go. 
 Hey, let go of me! 
 Let's go. Come on. 
 No. 
 Ava. 
 What? 
 What the hell are you doing here? 
 I'm drinking. 
 What are you doing back in Harlan? 
 Well, this isn't Harlan. 
 You see, Harlan's dry. 
 You must have missed the silence. 
 This is Corbin. 
 You got a death wish? 
 This is as good a place as any for you to interrogate me about my dead husband. 
 I wasn't interrogating you. 
 I just wanted to ask you a few questions. 
 Ask. 
 This is not the place or the time. 
 Why not? Isn't that why you called? 
 It wasn't to check up on me. 
 It wasn't to ask me what I was wearing in that sweet voice of yours. 
 Ava. 
 Well, okay, then, let's just get it out in the open. 
 You want to know whether Bowman worked for Bo. 
 You lower your voice. 
 Can I ask you something, Raylan? 
 Um, you thought that Bowman was some big-time criminal, and I just forgot to mention that to you? 
 We can discuss that in the car. 
 Oh, well, it's okay. 
 I'll find my own ride home. 
 Ava... 
 You are beautiful and drunk. 
 But on account of that target Bo's got on your back, none of these boys are gonna get within 20 feet of you. 
 That's not true. 
 Um, Hestler over there, he'll take good care of me. 
 Won't you, Hestler. 
 Who's that? 
 Oh, you don't remember Hestler Jones? 
 He was the creepy kid who used to, you know, sit in the bleachers and smile his creepy little smile? 
 He just did eight years in the state pen for statutory rape. 
 He's working for Bo? 
 That would be my guess. He's been following me around. 
 Raylan Givens. How you been? 
 What brings you here, Hestler? 
 Having a drink. 
 Ava says you've been following her around. 
 It's a small world down here. Maybe you forgot. 
 People run into each other all the time. 
 She's just imagining I'm following her. 
 We all have imaginations, don't we? 
 Differentiates us from the beasts. 
 I, for one, imagine all sorts of things. 
 Ow. That hurt. 
 All right. 
 Oh, no doubt a violation of your parole. 
 You think that's the only gun I can get my hands on? 
 Probably not. 
 Ow, you broke my finger, you son of a bitch! 
 Won't be able to pull the trigger now, will you? 
 Okay. We're leaving. 
 No, no, no, I'm staying. 
 I still got my left hand, asshole! 
 I'm not leaving you in a bar with a rapist. 
 I'm a big girl, Raylan. 
 I've been taking care of myself long before you rode into town on your white horse. 
 All right, listen to me... you are leaving with me if I have to arrest you and put you in handcuffs. 
 Holy sh1t! 
 Yeah. 
 She's not dead, is she? 
 I hope not. 
 I was just driving along, and she passed out. 
 Did you put handcuffs on her? 
 Yeah. 
 She wouldn't listen to reason. 
 I need her to stay at your place tonight. 
 Why don't you take her back to your luxury motel? 
 Uh... Mnh-mnh. 
 Did you screw things up with her? 
 What do you think? 
 What's going on? 
 There have been threats, from the Crowder family. 
 Is she in danger? 
 Nothing that could be drawn back to you or Gary. 
 I just need to convince her to get out of Kentucky. 
 And you think dumping her handcuffed at your ex-wife's house, that's gonna do the trick? 
 What about you? 
 What about me? 
 You getting out of Kentucky? 
 I already tried that. 
 Are you gonna drive closer to my house, or do you expect me to carry her from here? 
 You gonna take those handcuffs off her? 
 I could. 
 But you might regret that. 
 What in the hell? 
 How's it feel to rip off your own damn wife?! 
 I didn't steal anything. 
 You snatched every single dollar I saved! 
 I had to take care of things. 
 Why didn't you have the balls to ask me before you took my money?! 
 Your money? 
 You haven't had a goddamn job in 20 years! 
 What are you doing, digging it up now, anyway? 
 You finally looking to leave me? 
 I damn well should. 
 Look, Helen, I planned on filling it up again. 
 Arlo, that money was gonna buy us some time. 
 You okay? 
 No, Arlo, I'm not okay! 
 We need to pack up and get out. 
 Nobody's gonna run me out of Harlan. 
 Arlo, unless you got $50,000 
 I don't know about, we got two options. 
 We either run or you kill Bo. 
 Welcome back, my friend, to the show that never ends. 
 Put your bag down. 
 I appreciate you giving me the heads up on Raylan. 
 We took care of the Bobby Joe situation in the nick of time. 
 Well, where is he? 
 He's performing a great service. 
 So, did Raylan rough you up a little bit? 
 I know he has before. 
 No. 
 Well, how did he get you to talk, then? 
 He deputized me. 
 He did what? 
 He said he could deputize me, and then I had to talk. 
 Oh, that Raylan Givens. He sure is a clever one. 
 Well, you know that's not true, right? 
 I wasn't sure. 
 No, you didn't have to talk. 
 But I'm sure you wanted to. 
 No, I didn't. 
 Not even after I humiliated you? 
 I regret that, Dewey... 
 Friend. 
 That was out of line. 
 Yes, you broke our rule against self-pleasuring, but... 
 I should not have embarrassed you like that in front of the others. 
 So, I understand why you talked to Deputy Givens... I do. 
 And I forgive you, Dewey. 
 Thank you, Boyd. 
 Thank... but I can't abide it. 
 I'm sorry, son, but the work we're doing here is too important. 
 I hope you understand. 
 I don't... I don't understand. 
 You can't kill someone for jerking off! 
 Oh. 
 Boyd. 
 Go. 
 I could stay. 
 I promise not to spank it so much. 
 Excuse me, sir? 
 He said he had to come up here. 
 Yeah, hey, boss. 
 Bobby Joe Packer? 
 That's me. 
 I come up here to tell y'all I'm the one that set fire to that trailer. 
 Wasn't nobody but me... not Boyd, not nobody from the church, just me. 
 And I asked God's forgiveness. 
 He told me to surrender, so here I am. 
 Well, I say if you're gonna be a bear, be a grizzly. 
 But this, my friends, is a Kodiak. 
 Hello? 
 Hello, Raylan. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 