Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x09 - Hatless - Justified 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x09 - Hatless https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=112&t=15284 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/13/10 09:25 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x09 - Hatless 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Justified"... 
 I need you to run some names. 
 It's against the law for me to run names for a civilian. 
 My name is Wynn Duffy. 
 I could call the police right now if you don't get out of my house! 
 Mrs. Hawkins, you haven't asked me to get out of your house. 
 You know why I didn't call the cops? 
 'cause I know you're into something with some bad people, And I know that this - this Duffy guy - he's one of them. 
 How do you know something that isn't true? 
 'cause I read your e-mails, and I found some names. 
 I wasn't ever thinking of shooting you. 
 But you drag her down into any of the sh1t you've got going on now different story. 
 You shot somebody else?! 
 At her house?! 
 Well, Vasquez is gonna have a field day with this one, isn't he? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Here's to getting laid off! 
 That's what she said. 
 I'm assuming you're not gonna stop now. 
 Can't see one good reason why I should. 
 'cause she's a worthless whore! 
 Don't think I seen you in here before. 
 My work keeps me busy. 
 But I am on what I've been told is a well-earned vacation. 
 Nurse! Little help! 
 Come on. 
 My latest side dish, she ain't no more than a lonely housewife. 
 I show up, I make her squeal! 
 And she's the one with them kids, right? 
 Hell yeah. 
 How do you think I knew she liked to screw? 
 And the thing is, when you're done with her, you can always play with them! 
 Gentlemen - 
 Gentlemen, I'm sorry. 
 I'm sorry to interrupt. 
 Could you just keep it down a little bit? 
 Why would we do that? 
 Because I didn't order assholes with my whiskey. 
 What'd you say? 
 So why don't you stop trying so hard to impress your friend, Drink your drink, and we'll be just fine? 
 You seem to be harboring a bit of hostility there, brother. 
 So I've been told. 
 Last I checked, it was a free country. 
 I'm meeting someone here. 
 I really don't give a sh1t. 
 Well, then I guess we're at an impasse. 
 I guess - I suppose we are! 
 Hey, hey, hey. 
 There's no need for this. 
 Now, why don't everybody just take a calm breath? 
 Come on. 
 Let's all have a round on the house. 
 There's two of us and one of you. 
 Do you like them odds? 
 I'm good if you are. 
 You better not call the law after we tune you up. 
 That's not what I'd be worried about if I were you. 
 Oh! 
 I think that'll about do it. 
 I don't want no hard feelings. 
 You boys are good customers. 
 And that's why I ain't pointing this at nobody in particular. 
 But I can't let you beat a man to death out back of my place. 
 Wasn't gonna kill him. Just give him what's coming. 
 Looks to me like he's already had that and more. 
 You, don't come back here again. 
 You hear me, faggot? 
 Oh, yeah! 
 Sweet. 
 Raylan! 
 Raylan, what in God's name did you do? 
 You're late. 
 Get up. Come on. 
 Yeah, but you couldn't keep your mouth shut for two more minutes, could you? 
 They were insulting the honor of a young lady. 
 The maid refusing to clean up after you? 
 Maybe she's on vacation, too. 
 I ran into art at the courthouse, and he told me that he not so subtly suggested you take the week off. 
 Apparently, internal affairs wants to roast me on a spit! 
 Well, he's concerned about you. 
 He said that? 
 I intuited it. 
 Is that why you wanted to meet with me? 
 Because you're concerned as well? 
 Ow! 
 Wynn Duffy came to see me. 
 Wynn Duffy. 
 How do I know that name? 
 He was on that list I gave you. 
 I came home, and he was just sitting at the kitchen table. 
 He broke in? 
 Well, he came in. I can't say as I saw anything broken. 
 He threaten you? 
 Not directly. 
 Well, Gary played dumb, and he accused me of being a snoop. 
 He also mentioned that you came by to see him, put some fear into him. 
 Why'd you go and see him, Raylan? 
 If the names on that list were clean, why did you go see Gary? 
 We've been - 
 We were married. 
 Six years, Winona. 
 And in that time, your instincts were not often wrong. 
 So if you tell me there's a problem, then I figure there's a problem. 
 And you just assumed that problem had to do with my new husband. 
 Well, I intuited it. 
 Oh, my God. 
 Why don't you just tell me why you think Wynn Duffy was in your house? 
 I don't know. 
 I mean, you know, Gary has this development deal with some land he bought a while back, so my guess is if he's in trouble, it's got to have something to do with that, right? 
 Tough time to be developing. 
 Uh, if you're thinking about going back to talk to Gary, please don't. 
 My home life is strained enough without my ex-husband going and badgering my new husband. 
 Good. I wasn't gonna. 
 The thing to do now is go to Wynn Duffy's place. 
 Just have a peaceful chat. 
 You think you're capable of that? 
 Right now, I think that's all I'm capable of. 
 You're a little old to be fighting, aren't you? 
 Certainly too old to be losing. 
 Mm. 
 All right. 
 Thank you, Raylan. 
 You're a good man. 
 Not good enough. 
 Sweetie? 
 Mm, don't like the taste of that. 
 Baby. 
 Hey. 
 Look who I found. 
 I'll be damned. 
 How are you, Toby? 
 Hey, baby. 
 What's happening, huh? 
 Oh, not too much. Not too much. 
 You look like a million bucks. 
 Hello, girls. So big. 
 Yeah, they getting big. 
 I'm about to put some pads on them, send them out there on the field. 
 Our girls are not playing football on my watch. 
 I'm gonna have to put my wife in some pads and tackle her. 
 Why don't you two go inside and catch up? 
 There's wine and cheese in the fridge if you'd like. 
 Don't drink all the tea, now. 
 We're gonna save that wine and cheese for Amanda's book club. 
 You know, I still can't get over this place. 
 Think back to u. K. When you were t-bone Griffin, and I never thought I'd see the day when you had the wife, the kids, the yard. 
 You know, we all got to grow up some time. 
 Let me look at that thing again. 
 What, this right here? 
 You know what that is? 
 Yeah. 
 Don't hurt yourself, now. 
 Goodness. Look at that. 
 Worst day of my life, too. 
 Sitting on the sidelines in my street clothes when they won that thing. 
 Yeah. 
 Hey, how is the knee? 
 Knee's fine for playing with the girls. 
 I had a good run, you know. 
 Got the house, got the ring. 
 Yeah, you got wine and cheese in the fridge. 
 Wine and cheese in the fridge. 
 Well, listen, Toby, good as it is to see you, this isn't just a social call. 
 Is that right? 
 Yep. 
 So, uh, you a Jehovah witness now? 
 Oh, no. No. 
 Actually, I got an investment opportunity for you. 
 Is that right? 
 Mm-hmm. Shopping center we're gonna be breaking ground on in the fall. 
 Looking for additional financing. 
 So if you haven't blown all that NFL money on strippers and blow, I got some plans outside in the car I'd love to show you. 
 Gary, do you remember when you slept with Debbie Reynolds in my bed? 
 I came home from practice, and you had that look you have on your face right now, knowing you messed up. 
 Now, whose bed you sleeping in? 
 I mean, everything was booming, okay? 
 Through the roof. I mean, you couldn't sell houses fast enough. 
 And this - this land came up, And, uh, I did my homework. 
 I mean, the numbers looked good. 
 And the bottom fell out. 
 Yeah, I got overextended and took some money from people I shouldn't have, And I'm - I'm in a-a tough spot. 
 Talking about a bank? 
 No, it's a private investor. 
 How much money you Ta almost seven. 
 Now, you know I can't do nothing for you. 
 Not with this mortgage. 
 My ex-wife, this wife, the kids. 
 You know I got to take care of mine. 
 Oh, yeah. 
 Yeah, I hear you. It's okay. 
 You know, I-I'll figure something out. 
 What kind of pressure they putting on you? 
 Oh, he came by the house when I wasn't home and threatened my wife. 
 I mean, I just - I-I don't know what they're capable of. 
 I'll tell you what. 
 This is what I could do for you. 
 I can go down to that office with you, push them back a little bit, buy you some time. 
 Well, I appreciate the offer, Toby, but that's not why I came over here. 
 Ah, come on, now. 
 You know I miss being the baddest guy on the field sometimes. 
 And when else I get to be t-bone? 
 Book club? 
 Gentlemen. 
 Afternoon. 
 Afternoon. Can we help you? 
 Oh, I sure hope so. 
 I understand you two are in the security business, and, uh, as you can see, I sure could use some. 
 Well, we could talk about that, But first I need to know who you are and who referred you. 
 Oh, I'm Raylan. 
 And, uh, I was referred to you by a friend of mine, guy name of Gary Hawkins. 
 Well, I'm afraid you've been misinformed, but thank you for your interest, Mr. Raylan. 
 That's not much of a sales pitch. 
 Well... 
 What - 
 Well, what do you guys do here, then? 
 It's hard to tell, looking around. 
 All I really see is lead paint and dust mites. 
 You guys can go into people's homes and threaten them, but we can't have a peaceful conversation. 
 All right, take it easy. 
 I already got one ass-kicking. 
 I'm not looking for another. 
 I just want to know how you two are involved with Gary. 
 Well, if you're so curious, why don't you just go ask Gary? 
 I did that. 
 He was reluctant to talk about it. 
 Well, then, maybe that's an answer in itself, huh, Mr. Raylan. 
 Maybe it is. 
 It's time to go now. 
 Yeah. 
 I suppose you're right. 
 I'm just gonna say one last thing, and then hopefully we'll never see each other again. 
 It's gonna take me a day, maybe two, to figure this whole thing out. 
 In the meantime, either of you go near Gary or his wife, I'll come back here and upend your entire existence. 
 Is that understood? 
 Thank you, Mr. Raylan. 
 Your point is well stated. 
 Perfect. 
 Follow him. 
 Find out who he is and how he's connected with Gary and Winona, And then put him in the ground. 
 Hey, these aren't the old days, Duffy. You know, these contracts are legitimate. 
 No, I agree, Mr. Arnett. 
 And you know I have your best interests at heart, but a federal marshal walked into my office and threatened me. 
 Hold on, Duffy. 
 Yeah? 
 Oh, baby, baby, come on over here. 
 We'll I I take care of that. 
 Duffy, you still there? 
 Yeah. What would you like me to do, sir? 
 Well, go to Gary, remind him clearly and simply of his obligations. 
 Ow! Ow! Goddamn. 
 Easy, girl. It ain't a contest. 
 You know what I mean? 
 Oh, sorry, Duffy. What was I saying? 
 Remind Gary of his obligations. 
 Right. 
 Remind him, and I'm sure he'll see things our way. 
 Mr. Arnett, could I ask you a question? 
 Shoot. 
 Are you getting a blowjob in your office right now? 
 I'm gonna call you back. 
 Mr. Hawkins, I was just talking about you, and you've brought a friend. 
 Duffy, how are you? 
 I'm okay. I'm okay. 
 It's been a busy day. 
 Yeah, your - a friend of yours stopped by, a Mr. Raylan. 
 Seemed very concerned about you and your lovely wife. 
 Raylan came by? 
 Yeah! Came right by the office. 
 Fancies himself a bit of a tough guy, doesn't he? 
 Hey, Gary? 
 I got to tell you. 
 All I really care about is getting the money. 
 All these little visits to the office, they're getting pretty tiresome. 
 Yeah, well, that's what I came by to discuss. 
 Great. 
 Okay. 
 You know, I appreciate our arrangement, and I fully... 
 I don't have to tell you, comes with certain risks. 
 You look so familiar. 
 Have we met? 
 Don't even worry about me. Pay attention to the man. 
 Oh, okay. 
 Sure. 
 Gary... 
 You were saying? 
 Yeah, I was just saying that all of your- your boss's money is tied up in this property, and the property isn't worth half of what it once was. 
 Oh! So you're saying selling the property now would be a poor business decision. 
 Yes! 
 Yes, that's exactly it, you know. 
 And the market is starting to turn around, okay? 
 So we wait a few years, get this construction under way, we are gonna be rolling. 
 This is driving me crazy. 
 Are you sure we haven't met? 
 You don't want to know me. 
 Now, look, I - so familiar. 
 I got this one. 
 Gary, I got this one. 
 Now, let me tell you something. 
 You tell your boss his money's not available at this time, okay? 
 If he needs to talk to Gary, you tell him to pick up the phone and call. 
 In the meantime, do not harass this man. 
 And you leave his wife alone. 
 Do you understand? 
 Well, that hardly seems fair. 
 I was very nice to Gary's wife. 
 Yes, and all I'm saying is, you know, that I could probably get your boss's money for him tomorrow - you can't do that - or - or I can get him double his money in 24 months. 
 Listen, uh, I don't know how you're associated with Mr. Hawkins or why. 
 But I'm gonna give you this opportunity to extricate yourself from his predicament before you get involved in something that, quite frankly, you don't want to be involved in. 
 And I'm gonna give you a minute to extricate yourself up out my face before I have to paint your office with your sh1t. 
 Okay. I'll go to Mr. Arnett, and I'll tell him everything you just told me. 
 That's exactly what you're gonna do. 
 Okay. All right. 
 Well, just ask him to think about it. 
 Ain't nothing to think about, Gary. 
 Come on. 
 Oh, that's a good one. 
 Hey. 
 Glad to see you up and around, man. 
 Wasn't sure how bad those guys got to you. 
 Nothing that won't heal. 
 All the same, it might be best if you didn't saddle up here today. 
 Oh, listen, I ain't looking for more trouble. 
 Don't even want to get back at those men. 
 Lord knows I was asking for it. 
 But, uh, I had a hat on that I've grown pretty fond of. 
 I'd like to get it back. 
 I didn't find your hat. 
 Yeah, well, if those guys show up or if it just turns up, I'd appreciate you giving me a call. 
 Well, marshal, I don't mean to be rude, but wouldn't it be easier just to go and buy yourself a new hat? 
 Probably. 
 But it ain't easier I'm after. 
 I appreciate it. 
 Ah, damn, Raylan. How'd the other girl look? 
 Better. 
 
 
 
 What happened with Tahiti? 
 It ain't like the postcard. 
 Mosquitos eating at you. 
 Everyone's talking French. 
 There's only one movie theater. 
 I'm better off here. 
 Lovely Gale! 
 Meet my friend, ray- Ray. 
 Ray Ray, the lovely Gale. 
 It's nice to meet you, Ray Ray. 
 Can I get you anything? 
 I'm fine. Thank you. 
 Just the check, sweetheart. 
 I tell you what. 
 That girl needs to be ridden hard and put away wet. 
 Well, I'm sure an ex-con-turned-informant is just what she's looking for. 
 You, Raylan, are a hater. 
 Why am I here, pinter? 
 I asked around about your Wynn Duffy. 
 Guy's crazy. 
 He's too mercurial to run his own show. 
 Basically, he ends up working as a middle man. 
 "Mercurial. " 
 Someone's been reading... 
 You know him? 
 By reputation. 
 Your sources are reliable? 
 As a Kentucky greyhound. 
 Arnett's a street hustler. 
 What's he doing handing out bridge loans? 
 When the economy turned, he realized that he could be taking people's money legitimately. 
 Cash loans, high interest, no questions. 
 Plenty of people these days looking for a lifeboat. 
 Anyway, in the end, when they can't pay it back, he'll take all their money and more. 
 Yeah, I know the scam. 
 Listen, arnett's no picnic, But this guy Duffy and Billy Mac - hee-hee - they're your real wild cards. 
 I heard last year, guy wouldn't pay, they found his brother, cut his face off, sewed it onto a soccer ball. 
 You're joking. 
 That's what I heard! 
 There you go, boys. 
 No rush, now. 
 Ah, thank you so much, sweetheart. 
 Tip her well, would you? 
 No man ever got laid being stingy. 
 Best tip I could give her - stay away from you. 
 Hater through and through. 
 Hey, don't you usually wear an obnoxious hat of some sort? 
 Hey, baby, y'all finished early, huh? 
 You should lock your doors, Toby. 
 You know, it was driving me crazy trying to figure out how I knew you. 
 Then it hit me. 
 Toby Griffin, u. K.'s all-time leading tackler and a super bowl champion. 
 Listen, now, I was just trying to help out a friend, okay? 
 Now, y'all go on and leave my family out of this. 
 Well, you had your chance to walk away, Toby. 
 You should have taken it. 
 So, what, you all gonna shoot me in my own kitchen? 
 Actually, Billy Mac here has been itching to have a go. 
 See, Billy here was quite a promising featherweight in his day, but he got hurt, too. 
 Not unlike you did. 
 So you want a piece of... 
 Getting paid to beat up on all the colored boys. 
 Looks like Billy's still got it. 
 No pads here, Toby. 
 No referee to blow that whistle for you. 
 Are you working late? 
 Yes, that's right. 
 You talk to arnett? 
 I did. 
 And? 
 I would describe his attitude towards your suggestions as unreceptive. 
 For a supposedly smart guy, Gary, you're making some bad decisions. 
 Bringing Toby into this, for example. 
 T- Toby? 
 Yeah, it took me a minute, But I finally figured out how I knew him. 
 Hell of a player. 
 Shame about his knee. 
 Did you honestly think that arnett would just lay down? 
 Get the money by tomorrow morning at 9:00 A.M., including interest. 
 Find a way. 
 Or the next ring will be your wife's. 
 It's a nice place. 
 What do you want? 
 What is that smell? 
 You got a dead cat in here or something? 
 You ain't gonna be smiling when I knock your teeth out. 
 Oh, you gonna Bob and weave out of the path of a bullet? 
 'cause that I'd like to see. 
 Sit down. 
 How'd you find out where I live? 
 Well, that was easy. 
 I just asked everyone I saw where the dumbest broken-down, Never-was boxer in all of Kentucky lived, and they all told me to come here. 
 Okay, what the hell do you want? 
 I want you to tell me what Duffy has planned for Gary. 
 Why don't you go ask Duffy? 
 I just take orders. 
 If I wanted to ask Duffy, I'd have his gun pointed at him. 
 All right. 
 You want to know what we're gonna do to Gary and your ex-wife? 
 Yeah. 
 We's not so stupid as you thought, huh? 
 I know why you care about that dumb bitch. 
 Raylan : Disrespect her again, I'll put a hole in your leg. 
 Well, from what I understand, she filed for divorce, which means she left you. 
 Someone said they were gonna whoop on my ex-wife, I'd probably thank 'em. 
 Raylan : Well, that's awfully compassionate of you, Billy Mac. 
 Why'd yours leave you, lawman? 
 Sight of your gun not turn her on anymore? 
 Raylan : I don't know. 
 You'd have to ask her. 
 I just might do that. 
 Raylan : Tell me what Duffy has planned. 
 We was gonna take her. 
 Raylan : W-what do you mean? 
 In case Gary didn't show with the money, we was gonna kidnap the missus, use her to force Gary's hand. 
 Raylan : When? 
 Ah! Son of a... 
 Raylan : Billy, the next one is for you. 
 Tonight. 
 I'm supposed to have her over at Duffy's in an hour, but he said he wanted me to stop off and pick up some trash bags. 
 Raylan : Trash bags? 
 What the hell for? 
 Duffy's crazy. 
 Raylan : You know what, Billy Mac? 
 Just because you can't box and you're stupid don't mean you got to end up dead. 
 Doesn't matter if I'm dead or alive. 
 You're not gonna stop Duffy. 
 Gary : Hey, this is Gary. I'm not in right now. 
 Please leave me a message, and I'll call you right back. 
 Winona : Gary - 
 Raylan? 
 Raylan : Winona, I've been calling you. 
 You all right? 
 Winona : Yeah, I'm fine. What's going on? 
 Raylan : Where are you? 
 Winona : I'm at home. 
 Raylan : Gary with you? 
 Winona : No. I don't - I don't know where he is. 
 Raylan : All right, listen to me. 
 You need to get your gun and get out of that house. 
 Winona : Raylan, what is going on?! 
 Raylan : Okay, you're not safe there. 
 Take the gun and come and meet me, and I'll explain everything. 
 Winona : I can't do that. 
 Raylan : Why not? 
 Winona : Because the gun's not here. 
 Gary must have taken it with him. 
 Raylan : Okay, you're not safe there. 
 I need you to meet me at that cafe on route 29. I can be there in about - 
 Winona : No, I'm not gonna do that. 
 Raylan : Winona, this is not a joke. 
 Winona : God damn it, Raylan! 
 I am not leaving this house until somebody tells me what the hell is going on! 
 Raylan : All right, well, just lock the doors, and I'll be there as soon as I can. 
 Winona : Fine. 
 Gary : you have got a lot of nerve coming back to this house. 
 I'm so sorry. 
 Damn right you're sorry. 
 Now, I want you to turn your sorry butt around and do whatever you have to do to make this right. 
 You understand me, Gary? 
 Baby. Baby, come on, now. 
 It's cool. 
 Oh, Jesus, Toby. 
 Come on, now, baby, give us a minute. 
 I'm so sorry. 
 Are e girls all right? 
 Everybody's okay. 
 Except you. 
 Yeah. 
 I don't know what you're gonna do, Gary, but you're on your own now. 
 Yeah, I don't know. 
 I don't know, either. 
 But those men will never be back here again. 
 Go on, now. 
 Right. Toby... 
 ...I'm sorry I got you involved in this. 
 Go on, now. 
 Tell me what's going on right now. 
 It's old Dixie mafia. 
 They primarily operate out of Frankfort. 
 They're very dangerous people. 
 And Gary is deep underwater with them. 
 I can't believe this is happening. 
 He's a Realtor, for Christ's sake! 
 Is he still not answering his cellphone? 
 No, it's going straight to voicemail. 
 Can't you - I-I don't know. 
 Can't you track the signal or something? 
 Not if he doesn't answer. 
 Okay, look... 
 I got to get you out of this house. 
 You really think that these men might - 
 Might kill him? 
 Not just him. 
 Okay. 
 Oh, God. 
 Okay, I am begging you, Raylan. 
 I am begging you. 
 If you care about me at all, just please just go help him. 
 Winona, you know me. 
 Honestly, you think I'm gonna let you stay in this house if I go out there looking for Gary? 
 No. 
 Then come with me. 
 Let me take you someplace safe. 
 And then I will go find him. 
 Deal? 
 Deal. 
 Now, assuming he's not foolish enough to go see Duffy, I need you to think about where he might be. 
 This must make you feel so good - 
 Gary screwing up like this. 
 No, I ain't here to gloat. 
 Gary... 
 You know, he's always been such a dreamer. 
 He's always had these grand plans. 
 Well, he made his choice. 
 I can't do anything about that. 
 All I can do now is make sure his bad choices don't get you hurt. 
 You know, Raylan, you asked me once, um... 
 Why him. 
 That's why. 
 It's not that I, you know, liked him more or thought he was smarter or better-looking. 
 It's that... 
 He wants things. 
 And he's - he's genuinely excited about life and about its prospects. 
 Yeah. 
 How's that working out for you? 
 Oh, God, I thought you said you weren't gonna gloat. 
 And I thought you were a smart, pragmatic woman. 
 You know what, Raylan? 
 Your grind is exhausting. 
 I don't know how you shoulder it, 'cause I sure couldn't do it anymore. 
 I needed a little hope in my life. 
 And as ridiculous as this might sound to you right now, I love him. 
 You know, we built a life together, and it's a really good life that I would like to continue. 
 I'm gonna do everything I can to get him back. 
 Okay. 
 Thank you. 
 Who's there? 
 It's Raylan, Gary. 
 Raylan? 
 You're not wearing your hat. 
 Will you put the gun away? 
 Well, I can't do that, marshal. 
 I don't see how killing me is gonna solve your problems. 
 I'm the only one out here. 
 No, you're not. 
 You're really gonna do that? 
 Well, I thought you knew, marshal givens, I'm worth more dead than alive. 
 How you figure that? 
 Figure I kill myself, at least Winona gets the insurance. 
 Oh, my God, Gary. 
 If that's what you're after, you best give me the gun. 
 I'll do it myself. 
 Oh, now you're gonna shoot me, my vacation! 
 What happened to your face? 
 Huh? 
 N- nothing. Don't worry about that. 
 Well, what, they do that because of me, too? 
 No, Gary. 
 This is my doing. 
 Now you listen to me. 
 Any asshole knows that you kill yourself, you negate the coverage. 
 Winona will be worse off than she already is. 
 So you tell me. 
 Is that what you want? 
 God damn it! 
 All I tried to do is make this better, and I just keep making it worse and worse! 
 I'm such a freaking loser! 
 W- what, is that funny? 
 No, it's not. 
 It's just - 
 Can you put that away? 
 Sorry. 
 It was gonna be a mall, was it? 
 A shopping destination. 
 Tell me about it. 
 What, now? 
 Yeah! We're here, aren't we? 
 Gary, pitch it to me before one of us kills you. 
 Well... 
 Shopping and, uh, restaurants. 
 A 10-screen movie theater. 
 We got horse stables for the kids. 
 I mean, it was - it was true Kentucky, through and through. 
 Nothing like it anywhere. 
 And this - this whole layout is feng shui. 
 It's designed to... 
 Well, what do you do during winter? 
 That's gonna be the best part. 
 Yeah, we're gonna tent the walkways, use hanging space heaters, and then we're gonna string lights all through those trees. 
 And we've got horse-drawn-carriage rides through the main drag here. 
 And at Christmas time, we got Santa's workshop right up there on the north end. 
 I have to admit, I'm impressed. 
 Thank you. 
 Thank you, Raylan. 
 I do appreciate that. 
 But it ain't worth dying over. 
 Yeah. 
 I'll go with you if you want me to. 
 This what you do on your vacation? 
 Apparently Tahiti sucks. 
 Right there in the office? 
 And you pay her? 
 Well, not for the head so much as to leave when she's done. 
 Now, if you were gonna place some odds on our boy Gary showing up here, what would you set them at? 
 I'd probably put that at 3 to 1. 
 I think I'll take that bet. 
 Odds he shows up with what you want, 7 to 1. 
 Oh, disappointing odds. 
 Guy's got his pride, huh? 
 Not only that, he thinks he's smarter than we are. 
 But he's not, is he? 
 No, he's not. 
 How about the odds he shows up alone? 
 Zero. 
 You two are quite a pair. 
 Gonna have to search you, gentlemen. 
 Disappointed to see you here, Billy Mac. 
 Did you find that cat? 
 You owe me a gun. 
 Yeah, well, you find one on me, you're welcome to it. 
 You must be Emmitt arnett. 
 That's correct. 
 Nice to meet you, marshal. 
 Gary. 
 I was kind of hoping you were gonna bring cash with you, Seeing how that's what I gave you, but I suppose a cashier's check will suffice. 
 I don't have the money, Mr. Arnett. 
 What do you suggest we do... 
 ...forfeiting the property to you. 
 It's currently appraised at, uh, right around what I owe you. 
 But, uh, you wait a few years, it'll be worth a lot more. 
 You contact my broker, he'll set the escrow in motion. 
 You're not seriously considering this. 
 It's all I have, Mr. Arnett. 
 I mean, if you don't want this land, you might as well kill me now. 
 Careful what you wish for, Gary. 
 It's all right. I think he is gonna take it. 
 In fact, I think that's what he's wanted all along. 
 And killing us just leaves blood for him to clean up and cops sniffing around. 
 You don't want that if you're a legitimate businessman. 
 I will take the land. 
 What are you doing? 
 What are you, a developer now? 
 Well, just maybe I am. 
 Actually, I hear now is a good time to buy. 
 What are you, his Realtor? 
 No, he's right. 
 Now is a great time - shut up, Gary! 
 We have been laboring under the impression that you were gonna pay us with a portion of the recovered money. 
 And I will. 
 So pay me. 
 Anyway, if we're good here, Gary and I are gonna go ahead and take off. 
 Don't you two move. 
 Jesus! 
 Come on, Emmitt! Come on! 
 Show me the Benjamins the homeys are always rapping about! 
 Emmitt, I assume you're gonna take of that. 
 How the hell was I supposed to know he was gonna show up without any cash?! 
 Right, but eventually - 
 Duffy's right. 
 What happens to our cut if you pocket that deed? 
 Just get control of yourself, boy. 
 Just relax. 
 You're gonna get your portion. 
 Of what? The land?! 
 What am I, a farmer?! 
 Show me the cash, Emmitt, or I swear to God I'm gonna get a machete and a blowtorch, and I'm gonna make your body as small as I possibly can. 
 Duffy, you got to get control of yourself right now. 
 Lower that gun! 
 Give me the goddamn money! 
 Hey. 
 I've shot people I like more for less. 
 Yeah, this is deputy U.S. Marshal Raylan Vens. 
 I'm gonna need some squad cars and an ambulance. 
 Givens. 
 Come on, come on. 
 Joe, set us up again. 
 My friend here will be paying. 
 Joe, let me take care of this one. 
 Thought I told you not to come back in here. 
 Just here for the hat. 
 Well, I've kind of taken a liking to it. 
 Fits pretty good. 
 Mister, that's a 10-gallon hat on a 20-gallon head. 
 We were just trying to have some fun. 
 You were the one out of line. 
 Be that as it may, I ain't leaving without the hat. 
 And I'd be sober this time. 
 Hell, man, I was always planning on giving you back the hat. 
 Why do you think I wore it in here? 
 Thank you, Joe. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 