Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x08 - Graves - Underground 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x08 - Graves https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=591&t=26916 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/28/16 07:10 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x08 - Graves 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on  Underground... 
 What's your business here? 
 We could work together, apprehend these runaways and split the bounty. 
 Want to be a moral leader? 
 The begins at home. 
 Now I promised that I was gonna get you back in that shop. 
 I need you working on the grandstand for my nomination announcement. 
 T.R. :  I saw him, Daddy. 
 Sam... I saw him running. 
 Sam :  We don't know where we running to. 
 "Wolf," "underworld," "angel"? 
 Don't none of that sound like freedom to me. It sound like death. (grunts) Henry! Stay with us, Noah. They're still coming for us. The Undertaker's gonna take us to the next station. Put him here! (grunts) He lost too much blood! What happened? We got to get this bullet out! Ain't no time. Fire got some, but not all. Got who? Patty Cannon Gang. I need a knife. We need to move him now! Hey, I can't risk taking him to the next station, compromising the whole cell. Just give us a wagon! We give ourself a head start. They gonna spot you before you get to the river. Look, these bodies are bound to go to the graveyard in PappyJack. We'll hide you in there. Won't get you across the river, but it'll get you a good head start. Henry... (bullet clinks on table) (panting) All right, we gonna put this devil's snare in here. It gonna help with the swelling. Move, house girl! There ain't no time to be standing around! They gonna be here any minute! I thought the crosses signaled for four. Cato : One of us didn't make it. Legs! Listen carefully now. Be careful with him! When you reach the river, head west for two miles to a rickety bridge that looks like a crooked smile. Listen, when you cross it, go to the top of the hill, look for a house got a lantern in the window. Belongs to a man named John, John Hawkes. Tell him a friend of a friend sent you. ♪ The wolf howls out ♪ 
♪ As he drags you to the grave ♪ 
♪ The devil's scream ♪ 
♪ Hounds you on the way ♪ 
♪ One day Jesus' hand ♪ 
♪ Will lead us to the promised land ♪ 
♪ One day we will stand ♪ 
♪ Rejoice in victory ♪ 
♪ We fall down ♪ 
♪  Ooh-ooh-ooh  ♪ 
♪ To look up ♪ 
♪  Ooh-ooh-ooh  ♪ 
♪ Waiting to see ♪ 
♪ Heaven's door. ♪ It's Ernestine, right? Mm-hmm. Thank you. These eggs, my mother used to make them just like this. It's the way Massa Tom like 'em. Sugar? Your daughter's one of the Macon Seven. Isn't she? The last I'd heard, they made it through Kentucky. Thank you. Here, let me. Oh, no, gestures like that do more harm than good. Reverend Willowset, I presume... good morning. Carver : Mr. Hawkes, I was told you'd arrived last night. What brings you to Georgia? Today of all days, the idea of Sam running is worse than Sam running. The reverend up. Okay, it can not get out that he is gone. It won't, as long as we the only ones that know. What about the boys? I done spoke to 'em. T.R. is out riding that pony of his. Won't be back till well after the nomination. And James won't say anything? Who he got to tell? Your children will be the death of me. Ain't just mine. John : ...and handed wisdom from the Word of God. For example, "Thou shalt not deliver unto his master the servant which has escaped from his master unto thee." Oh, John, let the man have some coffee before you pull out your podium. I'd heard rumors that your brother was a sympathizer. Couldn't know he was also a man of the faith. You don't have to be worried about my influence on my brother, Reverend. I can assure you he's never listened to me. No, my brother here, he's all, um, fire and no brimstone. Now, if you will excuse me, I'm expected in the city by noon. Well, you-you're gonna be back in time for my nomination, right? Of course. That's why I'm here. Jeremiah :  Every relationship is built on trust. Any one worth its sh1t, anyway. Now, you and I, we just met no more than 15 good whacks ago? I trust we will reach a point in your pain threshold where you will answer my simple question. Where's the next stop on your freedom train? I don't know what you're talking about. Now, Miss Patty, she's got your number. Knows y'all broke off into little units, so that no one man could bring down the whole animal. It's smart. It's disciplined. See, I respect that. But you got to know the name of the next guy or it doesn't work. (grunts) And that guy's got to know the name of the next guy. See, I'm not asking the world of you. (grunting) All I need from you... ...is the name of the man on the other side of that river. See, and then, I'm gonna have a conversation with him, and we can start this all over again. Well, look who's back on the hunt. How's your ma, kid? ♪ You can run home for a long time ♪ 
♪ Run home for a long time... ♪ Man : Ever since I've been spending time with this gal over in Charleston, it's been itching. Where? Down there. Ah, got to see a doctor about that. Which one? The only one. Big white brick house at the edge of town. You can't miss it. HappyJack used to be a mining town. Now it's a ghost town. ♪ Tell 'em God's gonna cut 'em down. ♪ August :  I take it you didn't catch them runners at the boat. Boys caught some trouble with some Injuns. Yeah, the fire that burned down all them brush huts? Jeremiah : Lost a few men. Got one of theirs. Now, I suspect you noticed the trail ended here, otherwise, I'd have a silver spike in-between my eyes. He didn't tell you where they went? Oh, I got a good idea. See, but that's the kind of information I would only share with a partner. Seeing how I'm short a few men, what do you say, August? I want the girl, you get the other two. Fair enough. Kid, you mind grabbing that blanket? Three dead bodies rotting away and not one single casket. I'm guessing they rode off in them. We just need to figure out where they road off to. Noah! Noah? Help me! (mutters) Noah? I know you hear me. (panting) He got a fever. He got more than that. I know what infection look like. Noah? Noah, come on now, you hear me? Noah : Henry. I put devil's snare in his arm. Might be making him see things. Ain't no root work gonna fix that. He about to catch his death. I ain't losing nobody else! Now, we just got to get him some medicine like the white folks got... The only thing we need to do is get to freedom, and that's on the other side of the river! (shushes) I got a plan. I heard them drivers talking... No, I ain't spending no more time on a dead man. That undertaker told me where the next station is. He tell you? Mm-hmm. Be a real shame you go and and cross that river, only to get caught. 'Cause you ain't got no place to hide. I can make it. Tell me, house girl. I ain't going nowhere without Noah. What's this plan of yours? Where's the last place catchers be looking for runaways? In a big house. ♪ Don't wait... ♪ We steal us some fancy clothes. ♪ You know you want it ♪ 
♪ But wait around ♪ 
♪ Feel alive now... ♪ Then we walk right up that doctor's house at the edge of town like we supposed to be there. ♪ Take it all the way ♪ 
♪ There's fire burnin' in your soul... ♪ And once inside, we grab us the medicine we need. ♪ What you want ♪ 
♪ So... ♪ 
♪ What you waitin' for ♪ 
♪ What you waitin' for ♪ 
♪ What you waitin' for ♪ No more sneaking around. ♪ What you waitin', what you waitin' for ♪ We act like we free. ♪ What you waitin' for? ♪ You gotta move a little closer, house girl. Ain't nor married man with a woman look like you he ain't touchin' at all times. I'll play along when I have to. You just remember what you got to say. "Have to" say. (scoffs) Let be quick. Noah be too far gone, the medicine ain't gonna take. He probably dead already. Might be we stay for tea. They beat all the love and trust out of you, didn't they? Good evening. Uh, we were told that the doctor lives here... is he in? You'll need to unbutton your dress so I may examine you. Um, come on, darling. Don't be shy. Now, tell me what happened. We were heading back to New York City when my wife suddenly fell faint. Uh, she recently with child. (chuckles) You're a long way from home. What brings you this way? Uh, work. I'm a soap maker. It's my only passion, except for my... beautiful wife, of course. Vitals seem to be good. I'm starting to feel better. Perhaps I only needed just a bit of solid ground. Might I trouble you for some water? A little dizziness in the early stages of pregnancy is normal. You two should be on your way. I just love the detailing on your fireplace. Tuscan, right? You got a good eye. (chuckles) None of the folks in town have any eye for the finer things. Oh. You know, I've been considering putting some new drapes in here, but, uh, I haven't found a fabric to match the sophistication of the mold. Have you heard of Rochestor's in Boston? Yeah, yeah, of course. Who hasn't? I... some prefer Calvin's, but I prefer Rochestor's selection... it's better. Actually, I believe they just had a new shipment in from India. Greens, pinks, with gold little tassels. It's the... You should, uh, send for a catalogue. Yeah. I will. Uh... Have you two eaten today? Uh, just a little bit of breakfast this morning. Well, perhaps that is why you felt faint. I would love it if you both would join me for dinner. Oh, we don't want to intrude. Oh, think nothing of it. My brother will be joining as well, and, uh, he's not one to talk about decor. (laughs) I'll, uh, I'll let my house girl know to set the table for two more. Hey, Letty! Tuscan columns? Well, you spend enough time on the edge of the white folks' world, you learn a few things. It's locked. I seen a key ring on his belt. Wait, wait, no, no. We attack him, it's only gonna bring more trouble down on us. And we can't risk it with Noah hurt. We ain't gonna get another chance to lift them keys. Unless you find another way to get his clothes off. I guess his house girl anything like my momma, she got a key to everything. Your ma's gonna be all right. She's going back home where she belongs. We should've gone with her. Jay'll take care of her till we get back. If Jay ran, would you hunt him down? No. What we do ain't personal. It's the law. And these runaways are breaking it. Ma broke the rules, too. Those scratches on the door at the hospital... she just wanted to get away from a place that didn't treat her right. Maybe that's all that that girl and the others want. (grunts) You know what this is? A letter from the bank. Jay always tryin' to hide 'em from me. But I snuck and read one one night while he was asleep. Look at me. Last one said we got a month to get the money. It was right before we left. What about the bounty we collected on the other two? It ain't enough. Now, there ain't gonna be no home to go back to for you, Jay or your ma, if we don't bring that girl back. We ain't got no choice but to finish the hunt. I think we do have a choice. And I think... ...this one's just easier for you. (hoofbeats approaching) Jeremiah : Found out there's two cemeteries between here and Ohio. They got a head start. We split up, cover more ground. We'll be there. Well, this will work nicely. The house in the background, a perfect tableau of prosperity and power. It does feel as if something's missing. Uh, a local merchant offered up a fireworks display, but I felt that it might be a little too proud. Oh, no, I like fireworks. They, for me, represent the scope of His glory, as best we can recreate it. I'll send my man out to track him down, then. You a bit early, Schafer. I ain't never been early for anything in my life. And I ain't here for your coronation. This belongs to you, doesn't it? He tried to bribe me to let him go. I appreciate you bringing him back. No skin off my back. These things happen from time to time. Although they seem to be happening to you a lot more often lately. I guarantee, had you hung the bodies of those runners that'd been caught from the front gates of this plantation, we wouldn't be standing out here today. Willowset : A good leader learns from his mistakes. A dead body can be forgotten. That's why it's always Jesus on the cross, not Jesus in the tomb. Sam here is gonna be a barely walking example of what happens when you try and run. 
 
 ♪ You can run on for a long time ♪ 
♪ Run on for a long time ♪ 
♪ Run on for a long time ♪ 
♪ Sooner or later, God'll cut you down ♪ 
♪ Sooner or later, God'll cut you down ♪ 
♪ Gonna tell that long tongue liar ♪ 
♪ Gonna tell that midnight rider ♪ Henry? ♪ Tell the rambler, the gambler ♪ 
♪ The back biter ♪ Henry? ♪ Tell 'em that God is gonna cut them down ♪ 
♪ Tell 'em that God is gonna cut them down... ♪ Henry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. ♪ Well, my goodness, let me tell you the news ♪ I'm sorry, Henry. ♪ My head's been wet with the midnight dew ♪ 
♪ I've been down on bended knee ♪ No, don't. ♪ Talkin' to the man from Galilee ♪ Don't leave. ♪ He spoke to me in a voice so sweet ♪ 
♪ I thought I heard the shuffle of angels' feet ♪ (grunting) ♪ Do my bidding till the end is here. ♪ Can I help you? We're after some runaways we believe might've come this way. Mind if we take a look around? I promise we won't steal anything, Sheriff. Runaways, you say? Shouldn't be too hard to find a bunch of dirty niggers in PappyJack. We don't got much of anyone around here. Place been closed down ever since Emageen passed. Didn't have no kin, no one to tell me what's missing. You don't happen to have a map of the area, do you? Might have one in my wagon. Sit tight... I'll get it for you. Well, I'm guessing they didn't walk out of here naked as the day they were born. Changed clothes so they could hide in plain sight. Is there something you need, ma'am? I always found it easier to make a bed with two. ♪ ♪ Miss Letty, right? Your dress real pretty. Must be you got a lot of fancy stuff up in New York City if that's for travelin'. You was listenin' to us. Don't tell massa. I just... I ain't never seen no niggers like you before. I was curious. We ain't from New York. We runaways. We steal these clothes... Now, now, now, now, we need your help. Our friend hurt real bad. We need that key to get in that medicine cabinet. Look, I don't want no trouble. And I don't want to get you in any. That's why I'm askin' you. I know anything go missin', you gonna get blamed, just like it was in my big house. Please. I'll only take what I need. Our friend gonna die 'less you help us. Okay. (exhales) Thank you. Thank you. There you are. Allow me to introduce you to my brother. Mr. and Mrs. Jones... ...Sheriff Cobb. (horse hooves clopping) (indistinct chatter) They send you in here to do it? I asked. Got to do it right. Cut too deep, wound'll never heal. Hmm. Don't matter. I ain't never gonna walk right again nohow. No, you ain't. But you still be alive. He looked at me like I should be grateful for that. Like I should let him cut my heels with a smile on my face. "Thank you, massa, for... turnin' me into a cripple." I'd rather be dead. Don't you talk like that. We gonna get through this. Together. We can survive anything. That's what I'm afraid of, Momma. Hmm. (sniffs) I'm ready. (exhales) Stine, stop. We're not doing this. Tom... I'm not doing this. (exhales) (footsteps) Noah : Henry, wait. Wait. Wait... Jeremiah :  Listen up, gentlemen. What is left of the Macon Seven is somewhere in this town. We've been on this hunt for weeks. Now is the time to end this. One of them's been shot, which means they haven't gotten far. I want a man on every road out of town. We're gonna go door to door, search every graveyard and any other place these niggers might be hiding. Let's go get 'em. (indistinct chatter) I need you to read this. It's a letter from the bank about your land. Says they found mercury on the property. Might be harmful to your crop or livestock. They're willing to buy it back at a premium. Premium? Don't let 'em fool you, August. Mercury's used to mine for gold. Probably get a whole hell of a lot more, you sell it to the highest bidder. Hell, if I would've known you were a rich man, August, I never would have agreed on lettin' you have that girl. Missus Jones was kind enough to notice the effort I've put in to elevating the decor of the house. Mmm. What happened to your face? An accident involving lye. Yes, I told you, he's a soap maker. What kind of soap? All kinds. Oh. You a quadroon? Brother, please don't be rude. No, it's all right. My father was a English boat captain, my mother a mulatto slave he bought and later freed. Well, you're so well-spoken. If I didn't know better, I would've thought you attended finishing school. Rosalee : Oh, well... I had private tutors. Needlework, etiquette, piano. Everything I would have learned if "quadroons" were allowed to attend school. Piano? It's been so long since we had music in this house. Not since our mother passed. Oh. Would you be so kind as to... play something for us? (clears throat) Why, I'd love to. (begins playing) (exhales) (continues playing) (picks up tempo, continues playing) This song reminds me of my childhood friend Mary. We used to play it together. ♪ ♪ Ben! Get the horses ready. Make sure they're fed and watered. We going home? (flourishing finish) (clapping) Lovely. Just lovely. Excuse me, I... I think I might have something in my eye. Well, I gotta admit, you both seem too cultured to be slaves, but I don't believe in coincidences. I get word that a group of notorious runaways are in my town, and then I find my brother has invited niggers to dinner. Show me your papers. Why didn't you ask? I got 'em right here. What seems to be the problem? There ain't one. Slide them on over. (door opens) (footsteps approaching) Sir. Somebody spotted one of them runaways slip into Timothy Coldwater's cane fields. Come on. Let's go. Go help Noah. I'll get the medicine. (men laughing, talking) (door opens) This ain't gonna come down to one man's opinion. You're gonna go in there, do what you do. Make them see they'd be a fool not to nominate you. ("Black Ajax" by Locksley begins) Oh, Tim. Congratulations, sir. Thank you, sir. Best of luck. Tom Macon. Pleasure to meet you, Tom. Pleasure meeting you. Niggers are childlike, in need of protection. Slavery provides a civilizing influence. Mmm. Your Macon Seven is just another example that we must be diligent, or we are gonna be sleeping with one eye open for the rest of our lives. Drapetomania. Hmm. It's a serious medical condition the slaves suffer from. Uncontrollable urges to run away, answer disrespectfully and refuse work. We should talk about this more. Owning slaves is our most important liberty. The only cure for Drapetomania is severe whippings and hard labor to send vital blood to the brain. In a sense, they're freer than we. They breed like animals. There are more of them than of us. We provide the slaves with everything they ever need. If we do not instill the fear of God in each and every one, they will slit our throats and bathe this country in blood. I understand. ♪ ♪ If you get what you want, you will be tasked with serving the desires of these men in this room. in the Senate. The only question remaining is... how badly do you want it? ♪ 'Cause now I'm rollin' in, rollin' in ♪ 
♪ You hear me rollin' in, rollin' in ♪ 
♪ You see me rollin' in, rollin' in ♪ 
♪ Rollin' in, rollin' in. ♪ (quiet chatter) You seen Sam? No, ma'am. ♪ ♪ (whimpers) (horse neighs) (Ernestine screaming) (panting) Henry? (man shouts in distance) (another man shouts) (men calling to each other) ♪ ♪ Man : Where's that boy? Man 2 : He's in there somewhere. Tom :  I stand before you a humbled man. Humbled by God. By your support. By the responsibility I will be charged with. But what humbles me the most is what I look at when I peer ahead. I look in front of me and I see a chasm. (whistles) A great divide, tearing this country in half, north to south. (gasping) You can ignore it. You can run from it. (whimpering) But we do so at our own peril, because it will swallow us whole. This nation looks at two paths. One will lead us to prosperity and a future where our children's children will want for nothing. The other will lead us to ruin. Down a soulless path, away from our heritage. Away from our values. (yells) I see another divide. That's the one within us. That chasm between Are we who we say we are? That is the question before all of us today. That is the question you've asked me to answer. You've got to keep fightin'. You've got to get the others to freedom. Tom :  I say we are strong. I say we are uncompromising. (grunts) I say we are the American South! And in order for the South to persist, to thrive, We must be vigilant. (audience cheering) Never compromising our heritage, or values... our very way of life! A war is coming. And only those of us who are fully committed will be left standing when the last shot is fired. (cheering continues) (crying quietly) ♪ Sooner or later God'll cut you down ♪ 
♪ Sooner or later, God'll cut you down ♪ I guess you didn't need my help. ♪ Well, you may throw your rock and hide your hand ♪ House girl's coming with some medicine. ♪ But as sure as God made black and white ♪ 
♪ What's done in the dark will be brought to light ♪ (grunts) (Rosalee screams) (screams) (sobs) Jeremiah : Got one of yours! (Rosalee screams) Wait, wait, wait. Wait. It ain't gonna help her if we get caught, too. ♪ Sooner or later, God'll cut you down ♪ (chokes back a scream) Ah, don't seem like they care to me. Well, a bullet in my shoulder tells me otherwise. They're coming. And you and your boys, you better be ready. ♪ Tell 'em that God's gonna cut 'em down ♪ 
♪ Tell 'em that God's gonna cut 'em down ♪ 
♪ Tell 'em that God's gonna cut 'em down. ♪ (footsteps approaching) I needed you today. Could I have stopped you from lynching that man? You know... it's better to be the one with the rope than the one hanging from it. (sets glass down) I never had legs for standing on moral ground like you and Dad. ♪ ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 