Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x09 - Citizen - Underground 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x09 - Citizen https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=591&t=33860 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 06/06/19 09:20 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x09 - Citizen 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on Underground  
 She ain't comin' with us. 
  (screams) 
  (screams) 
  Slavery ain't just a sin, it's a state of war. 
  (Elizabeth gasps) 
  MAN: You want to be a nigger? 
  'Cause I will brand you like one. 
  (Elizabeth screams) 
  DANIEL: Massas is worried about somebody named John Brown stealin' slaves. 
  If there was a map to all the safe houses on the Underground There is. 
  We've got cargo. 
  ("Smile" by Vince Staples playing) 
  I know they want to see me fall I know they fraudulent, I know I know they hoping that it's right back To the ghettos I go I know my pigment is not that of a businessman I know they think I'm ignorant I'm up my privilege I know that money come and go So money not my motive no mo' I made enough to know I never make enough for my soul I turned my back on my friends I turned my back on my home I left the streets where I've grown To chase the yellow brick road I heard they paved it with gold I turned around and seen they pissed on it Just like me, but that's all right Because my soul burning, please set me free I hope to see you in another lifetime Mine's just not for me, can't you see? 
  Every night, up on my knees I pray Smile for me That everything will change and be okay  
  (hollow thumping) 
  Smile for me Maybe I'll stay, maybe I'll pass away Smile for me I'm holding on to what the pastor say Smile for me, yeah Smile for me Smile for me, yeah Smile for me Smile for me, yeah Smile for me Smile for me, yeah Smile for me, smile for me HARRIET: What you doin' in here? 
  Smile for me. 
  Ain't this Miss Georgia's room? 
  That it is. 
  You cargo, too? 
  No. 
  I just tidy up from time to time for Miss Georgia. 
  Now that's two questions of yours I done answered, and I only asked you one. 
  I-I just heard some of us might be movin' on soon, and I wanted to thank her for all she done for me. 
  I think she's in the kitchen. 
  I appreciate it. 
  Minty. 
  ELIZABETH: And why aren't you? 
  He came into your house. 
  GEORGIA: And he walked right back out. 
  No one was harmed. 
  So you just want to ignore the threat. 
  Well, of course not. 
  But Rosalee's returning with her family by week's end Your plan's not working. 
  I got something at the boardinghouse. 
  I just need a little more time. 
  Well, I'm losing my patience with all my niggers resting comfortably in station houses. 
  Not to mention money. 
  There's this woman, she was sweepin' floors, but she matched the description of Harriet. 
  She's the most notorious slave stealer there is, and you think she is sweeping floors in her downtime? 
  You've been there three days, and you've got nothing. 
  The way I figure it, they're gonna be moving you north soon. 
  Maybe you think this is your chance to escape. 
  (gun cocks) 
  I'm right where I want to be. 
  And I'm staying in that house until we get what we need. 
  (Cato breathes deeply) 
  You ain't ask me why. 
  Few of the others, even Miss Georgia, they ask, but not you. 
  Because I know why. 
  Not the details, but I know something happened. 
  Something unspeakable. 
  And no one cared. 
  And at first, you got incredibly sad, and then you got angry, and then you wanted to destroy something. 
  What happened to you? 
  They shot my husband in the head. 
  Right in front of me. 
  The world made sense, and then in the blink of an eye, it didn't. 
  I'm still grieving, and I'm still furious. 
  That ain't all though, is it? 
  Now you know something you can't un-know. 
  Something niggers been knowin' for a long time. 
  All that sadness and anger in the world ain't nothin' compared to the Fear. 
  It's the only thing that's been constant since they shot John. 
  The idea that they could Knowing that they can do, have done, and will do whatever they want. 
  That kind of fear can't sit. 
  And it's only got two places to go. 
  In or out. 
  I'm not sure which is better. 
  Pull it in then push it out. 
  Get so scared you got to scare them back. 
  Become the monster that came to eat you. 
  (floorboard creaks) 
  (door opens) 
  (footsteps) 
  (door creaks) 
  BOY (in distance): Pa! 
  (horses neighing frantically) 
  (coughing) 
  (horse neighs) 
  We got two days. 
  (door opens) 
  Hello. 
  Can I help you? 
  I'd like a room. 
  Is there a problem, ma'am? 
  No. 
  I just need a name for our records. 
  John Hawkes. 
  That's right. 
  Been askin' around about you. 
  Seems your husband wasn't that smart, either. 
  Got what he deserves. 
  Get out. 
  ELIZABETH: We need to do something. 
  GEORGIA: I know you're scared. 
  I am not scared, I'm angry. 
  And why aren't you? 
  He came into your house. 
  And he walked right back out. 
  No one was harmed. 
  - So you just want to ignore the threat. 
  - Well, of course not. 
  But Rosalee's returning with her family by week's end Even more reason to make sure they never come back. 
  We don't need any more attention on this house, Elizabeth. 
  Let it go. 
  I don't understand. 
  The first time I stepped in this kitchen, you handed me a gun. 
  To defend yourself, should the moment arise, not to go looking for trouble. 
  I know these type of men. 
  My half-brother was one of them. 
  They're bullies who make idle threats. 
  He kidnapped me and tied me to a tree. 
  And I wish that hadn't happened to you. 
  I do. 
  But it could have been worse. 
  A lot worse. 
  You walked out of those woods alive, but if it had been me You wanted to know why I pass. 
  It's because a sense of safety transforms the spirit. 
  Look, it's got you thinking you're invincible. 
  That's not fair. 
  Maybe not. 
  But any retaliation threatens the safety of the runaways who come through this station. 
  And that has to be our priority. 
  (gasps) 
  Oh, my God. 
  Georgia! 
  Georgia, help! 
  (grunts) 
  Stay with me. 
  (grunts) 
  (breathes deeply) 
  You ain't ask why. 
  Few of the others, even Miss Georgia, they ask, but not you. 
  Because I know why. 
  Not the details. 
  But I know something happened. 
  Something unspeakable. 
  And no one cared. 
  And at first, you got incredibly sad, and then you got angry, and you wanted to destroy something. 
  What happened to you? 
  They shot my husband in the head. 
  Right in front of me. 
  The world made sense, and then in the blink of an eye, it didn't. 
  I'm still grieving, and I'm still furious. 
  That ain't all though, is it? 
  Now you know somethin' you can't un-know. 
  Somethin' niggers been knowin' for a long time. 
  All that sadness and anger in the world ain't nothin' compared to the Fear. 
  It's the only thing that's been constant since they shot John. 
  The idea that they could Knowing that they can do, have done, and will do whatever they want. 
  That kind of fear can't sit. 
  And it's only got two places to go. 
  In or out. 
  I'm not sure which is better. 
  Pull it in then push it out. 
  Get so scared you got to scare them back. 
  Become the monster that came to eat you. 
  (match strikes) 
  (horses neighing frantically) 
  BOY: Pa! 
  Pa! 
  Pa! 
  (coughing) 
  (coughing) 
  (coughing) 
  (coughing) 
  GEORGIA: This is what I was afraid of. 
  What I thought we were both afraid of. 
  That innocent people would be hurt. 
  We're all complicit as long as there's slavery in this country. 
  That's John Brown's rhetoric. 
  And it's true. 
  Elizabeth, he's just a boy. 
  He's his father's son. 
  Raised to believe that owning people is his birthright. 
  He could have been different. 
  And we may never know because of your actions. 
  You think I'm heartless, but I'm not. 
  I feel so deeply. 
  I look at this boy, and my heart breaks, just as it does for every brutalized runaway that's come through your station. 
  The difference is you caused this boy's pain. 
  You're crossing a line you can't come back from. 
  "A sense of safety transforms the spirit. 
  " Then it reasons that the counterpart should do the same. 
  Love or hope it's not what's gonna end this fight. 
  Not even rage. 
  It's fear. 
  Total and unforgiving. 
  It's the only thing that moves us. 
  Until we all feel it, nothing is going to change. 
  If that's what you truly believe, you're dangerous. 
  And I can't have you staying in my home anymore. 
  (sighs) 
  Everything all right? 
  Yes. 
  No. 
  One of the men who kidnapped Elizabeth walked right through the front door. 
  He's gone now. 
  She slapped him. 
  Good girl. 
  Do me a favor and don't tell her that. 
  She doesn't need any more encouragement towards violence. 
  Were you able to get them? 
  Tell Mr. 
  Barnett to expect me in a week's time. 
  His funds will come from Mr. 
  Still. 
  The cargo with the burned face Cato. 
  How long he been here? 
  Uh, two days, I believe. 
  Why? 
  Something about him I don't trust. 
  His answers come too easy from his mouth. 
  Keep an eye. 
  I will. 
  There's a lot of tension across that river. 
  There's bound to be more patrols than usual. 
  And it's a lot of ground to cover in a short amount of time. 
  But them catchers, they be mostly focused on black folks headin' north. 
  Still, traveling all that way alone I ain't never alone. 
  Even when I'm by myself. 
  I see the light Everywhere I go I see the light That'll lead me home I can feel this holy fire Burnin' in my soul Soul Soul (sputters) 
  Burnin' in my soul Soul Burnin' in my soul Soul I can feel this holy fire Show me the way Show me the way Lord, the way to go Lord, the way to go (hammering) 
  (heart beating) 
  (heart continues beating) 
  (hammering) 
  I can feel this holy fire (vocalizing) 
  I can see the fire Fire Burnin' in my soul Fire Fire in my soul, fire Fire. 
  (humming "Swing Low, Sweet Chariot") 
  (wagon creaking) 
  (horse sputters) 
  (heart beating) 
  (horses neighing) 
  (heart beating) 
  (horses approaching) 
  Hyah! 
  Hyah! 
  Hyah! 
  Hyah! 
  (sighs) 
  Mr. Still and Mr. Douglass they say I need to tell my story. 
  Even more. 
  That my experience will speak to the heart of what we tryin' to do. 
  I've grown to respect them, and I-I defer to them on the more public aspects of the cause. 
  They've proven to be thoughtful stewards of your word. 
  Even if they ain't always use your words. 
  But what they askin' of me, Lord, I wrestle with one of your seven. 
  The sin of pride. 
  My story ain't no better or worse than any other breakin' under the weight of bondage. 
  I-I want to tell 'em no, that-that I deal in action, not talk. 
  But the speakin' could bring money in. 
  And the money equals lives, and I can't short that sight. 
  Them two men, they they well-educated but foolish. 
  Thinkin' 'cause you do one thing well, that you that you could get others to do it? 
  The world don't work like that. 
  At least how I understand it. 
  And even if it did, even-even if one could teach courage just pass it on like a bucket of water, maybe I ain't the right one to teach it. 
  Maybe my time's best spent like I been spendin' it. 
  Alone and sure-footed, doin' what I can do. 
  Not tryin' to be somethin' I ain't, Lord. 
  General Tubman. 
  That's what Captain Brown called me. 
  General. 
  Everything I done been through your will and with my own two hands. 
  I ain't never doubted you. 
  Not ever. 
  But I ain't sure I'm meant to lead. 
  - This wasn't what we talked about. 
  - The money's all there. 
  You said four runaways ain't nobody be lookin' for. 
  - I know, but the plan change. 
  - Word spreadin' fast. 
  By noon, the whole county'll know y'all burned down your big house. 
  And you branded. 
  They think we headin' north. 
  They never gonna suspect we hidin' right next door. 
  ELEANOR: No. 
  Y'all got to go. 
  How many times you been paid to keep runaways? 
  A few, but And how many times you been caught? 
  We go, the money goes. 
  And it look like you need it. 
  Y'all stay away from the windows, and you stay quiet. 
  (sighs) 
  This your idea of a safe house? 
  'Cause I ain't feelin' very safe. 
  Not with no white woman. 
  White, black, she don't care. 
  We ain't got nobody or nothin'. 
  - She ain't turnin' us in. 
  - Says you. 
  It don't seem like you got the best judgment these days. 
  And even if she don't tell, that don't mean ain't nobody ain't gonna come lookin'. 
  What then? 
  NOAH: This cabin backed up to the river. 
  Only way in, we can see out them windows. 
  And there's a little boat tied off just down the way, - we need to run. 
  - Harriet help me make the plan back. 
  We follow it, we all gonna make it out of here. 
  You feelin' all right? 
  He fine. 
  I think it's a boy. 
  Noah, I really don't Rosalee. 
  Your brother wakin'. 
  I'm gonna keep watch. 
  (gunshot) 
  (gasps) 
  (man shouts outside) 
  Shh. 
  Where Corra? 
  (pounding on door) 
  (man shouts outside) 
  (pounding on door) 
  (man shouts) 
  (gunshot, Corra screams) 
  (man shouts) 
  MAN: Come on, let's git! 
  (dogs barking outside) 
  (horses galloping) 
  MAN: Go get her. 
  (Corra whimpers) 
  (men shouting) 
  MAN: Right there! 
  MAN: Damn it. 
  Told you to get her in the leg. 
  MAN 2: Dead or alive, we'll get a reward. 
  MAN: Get her on the wagon. 
  (Corra grunts) 
  No! 
  No! 
  (Corra screams) 
  How much longer till we ain't got to run no more? 
  We gon' meet my friend Harriet at the next station, and she gon' give us tickets to take a train the rest of the way. 
  We got to ride in the bottom of that, too? 
  Nah. 
  You gonna like it. 
  It's fast. 
  How fast? 
  It's faster than any horse you ever seen. 
  And you get to watch the whole world go by out the window. 
  You thought the plantation was big? 
  Just wait. 
  Before you can even blink, we'll be in Ohio. 
  Is that where we're all gonna live? 
  Maybe. 
  Or maybe we catch another train to Canada. 
  That's as far north as you can go. 
  There a town there called St. 
  Catherine's. 
  Got a lot of nice families there. 
  And plenty of room to build a house for all of us. 
  And Boo there. 
  Remember her? 
  Yeah. 
  Well, then, you already got a friend there. 
  And now that you free, you can go to school, learn how to read. 
  Miss Suzanna was teaching me how to read. 
  That ain't the same. 
  Why ain't it? 
  Ain't nothin' seem different now that I'm free. 
  You can make your own choices now. 
  In the big house, it might have seemed like you could, but that was a lie. 
  You was only allowed to have what massa or mistress give you. 
  Now I'm my own massa. 
  That's right. 
  So now you got to figure out what kind of man you gonna be. 
  What kind of choices you gonna make. 
  'Cause every one of 'em got consequences. 
  (fire crackling softly) 
  Rose, she, uh she tells me that God talks to you. 
  He does. 
  What's he sound like? 
  Like my old massa. 
  Ain't that somethin'? 
  (chuckles softly) 
  Yeah. 
  I want to believe in him. 
  I do, really. 
  But the things I seen? 
  He ain't in none of it. 
  What kind of trade you deal in? 
  I'm a blacksmith. 
  You remind me of my father. 
  He was a timber inspector only trust things he could see with his own two eyes, hear with his own ears and touch with his own hands. 
  Problem is, that ain't gonna see you through. 
  It got me this far. 
  Has it? 
  She told me 'bout your Macon 7. 
  600 miles even with the help of the Underground, that's a hell of a feat. 
  What made you think you could pull that off? 
  I didn't. 
  I didn't pull it off. 
 
 
 
  Only three of us made it. 
  That ain't what I asked you. 
  I knew I was supposed to be free Why you think that? 
  Everything you see, touch, hear told you you wasn't. 
  Travelin' that distance, bein' chased every step of the way, any given day, that's crazy. 
  And you just one man. 
  I found a song that showed me the way. 
  How you know that song was gonna get you there? 
  I didn't know. 
  I I didn't know. 
  So why you think a blacksmith like you could even do it? 
  I don't. 
  I don't know. 
  I just I just believed! 
  And that's what you done lost. 
  That feelin' that impossible things be possible. 
  And you got to find it. 
  This war we fightin' need men like you. 
  I'm 'bout to be a father. 
  Don't make no sense to put myself in that kind of danger. 
  Ain't nothin' great ever happen based on fear or sense. 
  You got to be desperate and insane. 
  You got to believe. 
  (exhales) 
  I'm sorry. 
  No, you ain't. 
  Yeah, I am Stop! 
  Stop lyin'. 
  Just stop lyin' to me! 
  You sat right there. 
  Right there! 
  You let me put that ring on your finger. 
  And then I spent 600 miles followin' you back, tryin' to figure out what I done to make you so distant. 
  What did I do? 
  This whole time, you ain't want me touchin' you 'cause you was hidin'. 
  You know, when I got to that whippin' shed and I saw Bill comin' at you with that brand, I ain't never been more scared in my entire life. 
  Till you said you was carryin' my child. 
  My child. 
  Mine. 
  This is my child. 
  That fear that hit me right then, it cut straight to the bone. 
  I ain't never imagined I could ever feel that. 
  Ever. 
  Or that your selfishness would be the cause of it. 
  What do you want me to say, huh? 
  I don't know what to say. 
  He's my brother. 
  I made the only choice I could You was willing to sacrifice our family for yours! 
  No. 
  I know it seem that way. 
  But it ain't. 
  I knew the risk. 
  But I also knew that we could do it. 
  "We"? 
  Yeah, and we did, Noah. 
  That's because - we can do anything - We ain't do this together! 
  You put my baby in harm's way. 
  And you tricked me into helpin' you do it. 
  You ain't give me no choice! 
  You Rose, you treated me like a slave. 
  Noah You just like your father. 
  (panting) 
  (sobs softly) 
  (men shouting, child crying in distance) 
  Was that Gabriel crying? 
  Mm-hmm. 
  They just took ripped him from Miss Ginny's arms. 
  They just hit Miss Ginny upside the head 'cause she wouldn't shut up. 
  Now they bringin' Gabriel to one of them trader's wagons. 
  There's two of 'em. 
  - How many white men are there? 
  - Three. 
  No, four. 
  Three of them doin' the manhandling while one in the nicer shirt talkin' to massa. 
  - MAN: I said get back! 
  - (whip cracking) 
  (Ginny whimpers, men shouting) 
  MAN: Shut up! 
  Who got the lash? 
  Nobody. 
  Overseer just usin' it to keep everybody back. 
  That stable boy I don't 'member his name, but he got that look on his face like he madder than a rattlesnake. 
  I think he 'bout to come at massa. 
  (men continue shouting) 
  Never mind. 
  He backin' up now. 
  And Miss Ginny she just sittin' there. 
  Ain't even cryin' or nothin'. 
  It's like I don't know. 
  A-Ain't no words for the look on her face. 
  They gonna sell us, too, Daddy? 
  They gonna split us up? 
  I ain't gonna let that happen. 
  What you gonna do? 
  I don't know yet. 
  Sojourner would run. 
  BETTE: Crawley's gone, too. 
  Only nine of us left. 
  I been readin' about this John Brown. 
  Papers say him and his men causin' trouble all up and down the river. 
  Means he might still be close by. 
  - We don't know that. 
  - Massa does. 
  And so do all the other massas. 
  That's why they shippin' everybody Deep South. 
  You cross that river, and you ask the wrong person the wrong question Gettin' help is the only chance this family has to stay together. 
  Hand me my tools. 
  (sighs) 
  Maybe maybe you talk to massa. 
  You know? 
  You you good at talkin'. 
  And maybe he let us all stay on account of you bringin' in money for him on the regular. 
  And what? 
  I tell massa, "I'll be a real good nigger"? 
  I'll tell him, "I ain't gonna cause you no trouble 'cause I'm just blind and helpless. 
  " You don't think I'm helpless, do you? 
  No. 
  I know you ain't. 
  I'm just I'm just scared they gon' do somethin' to our baby. 
  They already did somethin'. 
  They keepin' him up in that big house so we stay chained. 
  Freedom always been the only answer. 
  It ain't no less 'cause that baby's up there. 
  Ain't no less 'cause I lost my eyes. 
  We just need to find it, soon, or we may never see it. 
  What can I do? 
  Love me. 
  Pray for me. 
  Be ready, in case I fail. 
  (foot thumps softly) 
  MAN: Hyah! 
  (horse neighs, sputters) 
  MAN: Whoa. 
  MAN: I've been seeing a girl down in Ripley. 
  BOY: Ripley? 
  MAN: Yep. 
  (men laugh) 
  MAN 2: Is that possible? 
  (men laugh) 
  (grunts) 
  Pardon. 
  I'm all out of sorts. 
  Would you be so kind as to point me in the direction of Ripley? 
  (horses neighing) 
  (voices overlapping) 
  MAN: How many times does one buy a roof? 
  WOMAN: Should be expecting rain, but I can't move the wedding inside. 
  I suppose we'll have to get a canopy or something. 
  MAN: I don't think so. 
  Maybe it was the gin talking, but I could not abide that kind of talk around my lady. 
  WOMAN: It's called Orpheus in the Underworld. 
  MAN: Someone told me that Harriet Beecher Stowe spent some time here when she was writing it. 
  And rumor has it, more than one of the characters are loosely based on some of the folks in the abolitionist - Excuse me. 
  - Yes? 
  Can I see your papers? 
  I beg your pardon? 
  Your free papers. 
  I need to see them. 
  Got my working papers right here, boss. 
  I'm on loan to the university. 
  University's miles from here. 
  Yes, sir. 
  I broke my tool bag. 
  Boss was kind enough to let me find repair here in the city. 
  If it ain't too much trouble, could you point me in the direction of the nearest cobbler or someone experienced with leather? 
  (doorbells jingle) 
  MAN: Should be like new. 
  Just don't drag your feet when you walk anymore, okay? 
  That's what wears down the front. 
  MAN 2: Thank you. 
  (foot thumps softly) 
  How can I help you? 
  I was hopin' you could help me repair this. 
  Well, let's take a look. 
  I just read an article about cobbler shops no more than a week ago. 
  Find that hard to believe. 
  My apologies. 
  This is something that I had read before my recent accident. 
  That article said that Ripley, Ohio was unique in the fact that it had six cobbler shops. 
  Six. 
  Whereas most towns might have maybe one or two. 
  Is that true? 
  That sounds about right. 
  I remember reading most likely in that same article something that suggested there was a use for shoes for runaway slaves. 
  I wouldn't know anything about that. 
  I myself would never consider it. 
  But then, it makes sense. 
  We're lucky if the massa gives us some hand-me-downs to make it back and forth across the plantation. 
  But at the end of the day, and how much use can you get out of one pair of shoes? 
  50 miles of wear? 
  200, if constructed properly. 
  You sound like a man who knows his craft. 
  I myself am a stone cutter. 
  Although a less apt one, as of late. 
  Okay. 
  There you go. 
  How much for the work? 
  Oh, it's no charge. 
  I'm looking for John Brown. 
  I'm sure I do not know who you're talking about. 
  With all due respect, sir, I ain't got time for subterfuge. 
  In fact, I ran out of time a few days ago. 
  Now I'm just a man who's desperate to save his family. 
  Now, hell, there are six cobbler shops in this town. 
  Now, maybe one or two of them may be just be that, but I have to pray that I walked into one that might be sympathetic. 
  I'm not sure I can help you. 
  I fix shoes. 
  I don't bother myself with politics. 
  Hold on a minute. 
  (door opens, closes) 
  Excuse me, sir? 
  Can I help you? 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 