Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x01 - Ten Knots - The Knick 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x01 - Ten Knots https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=473&t=23160 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/17/15 13:07 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x01 - Ten Knots 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 (alarm ringing) 
 (alarm stops) 
 Lottie. 
 Lottie. 
 (water running) 
 Lucy's voice :  "Dearest John, I don't even know if you're getting these letters. 
 I hope so. 
 I hate to think of you in that place alone. 
 I wish they'd let me visit. 
 Life just goes on. 
 But not for me. 
 Not without you. 
 The days are so long. 
 I haven't seen Sister Harriet, yet. 
 But Mr. Cleary says she seems to be baring up. 
 I don't know when the trial is. 
 The ground breaking for the new hospital is next week. 
 So Mr. Barrow has been walking around like a peacock. 
 I assisted in a Previa surgery the other day, with Bertie and Dr. Edwards. 
 It's hard with Bertie. 
 He's still mad. 
 They lifted Dr. Gallinger's suspension but he still hasn't returned to work. 
 That's all I have for now. 
 Please write if you can. 
 I miss you terribly and want so much to know how you are. 
 I wish I could see you my love. 
 Yours, Lucy. (sighs) If you want I could... tattoo her lips to make them appear more plump. I'll only you charge you 4 bottles. No, thank you. Two? Mrs. Showalter. There you are. Any luck with the Mayor's office? No. They're more afraid of the news spreading than the disease. Any more cases? Not in the last 5 days. Those first cases were the only ones. Is any food getting in at all? Nothing. They won't let anything in. I'll try and get the Health Department to speak to the police Chief. Miss, I told you not to get close. There's sickness in there. Plague is carried by rodents and fleas. You think your wooden barriers are keeping them inside? Dr. Feng just said there are no new cases. There's no need for the quarantine. Mayor Phelan says them coolies got it and I trust the mayor. Mother Superior. My child. Did you come all the way from Ohio to see me? I wanted to. I brought something. It's what you gave me your third year at the convent on the date of our Virgin Mother's birth. The day that you committed yourself to God. And I always carry it with me when I travel. I was so proud of you, how far you'd come since that little Irish girl abandoned by her mother on the train west. You saved my life. You brightened ours. Brave, tenacious, spirited. A heart as big as the moon. Lost and then found. Is it true? I could say that God sent an angel down to instruct me or there was something divine about it... but there wasn't. The women just needed help and I helped them. So it's true. I am what they say I am. Then what you are is a devil on Earth. A murderer of innocents. You have disgraced me, the sisters who loved you, the convent that saved you, the nurses who taught you, the Catholics who nurtured you, and the God who loved you. This is all that's left of you in my heart. (book thuds) I should have let you die. Hmm. There are some straw-colored striae that are visible. How is the peripheral vision? Some issues. Put this over your right eye. And how do these appear to you? Wavy on the left. And a bit better on the right. Have you had any blows to that eye recently? Yes. Well, those blows detached your retina. Seems to have almost completely separated from the rear wall of your left eye. And the treatment? Not much to recommend. Rest in a recumbent position for several weeks may bring some relief. So it could heal on its own? Or get worse. There's no way of knowing. And any further blows could prove catastrophic. Are there any other procedures? Experimental? They're all unproven and much too risky. What about this one, Everett? Looks to be about the right shape and color. Dorothy? You have a wonderful eye, love. Dentist :  You're certainly lucky to have a sister with such a wonderful set of teeth herself. How long are you visiting from Philadelphia? As long as she needs me. Dorothy has been a godsend ever since I pulled Eleanor out of Dr. Cotton's abysmal madhouse. I often get a new batch of teeth from the morgue on Thursdays if you'd like me to return then. No, I want to finish now. Cleary :  She'll do 14 miles an hour  and never need a drink of water or a bucket of oats. Just plug her in and she'll do the miles. I can drive her good, too. The man who sold her to me taught me how. And you say you own it? Legally? Got a bill of sale and everything. And you want me to pay you to drive this? You put Knickerbocker up there on the side, people will be making themselves sick to take a ride in her. She'll go perfect with the place uptown. Show everyone that we're modern and all. And what if it runs out of electricity? There's places all over that'll swap the battery off the bottom in a jiff. Bolt on a full one and I'm on my way. No more hooves to the head. No more tacking up. No more horse sh1t. (chuckles) I doubt that. I'll give you $45 a month to cover the automobile, 10 of which comes back to me and you pay for all repairs to keep it running. Mr. Barrow, you just got yourself the finest ambulance in all of New York City. (laughs) Come on. We are in business. It's a little dark. I'm having trouble seeing. Nurse Baker, light, please. Retract more, nurse. What do you notice? Calot's triangle. There are two cystic arteries arising from the hepatic instead of the usual one. It occurs in about 15% of cases. Nurse Baker, has our next patient been prepped? He has. And the one after that? The tonsils? I'll make certain. Thank you. We'll need to separate out and ligate both arteries. The inferior one is exceptionally underdeveloped. It's hard against the hepatic. You do it. Me? You've seen it done. Now it's time you do one yourself. See one, do one? Teach one. (humming) Dr. Gallinger. Edwards. Tell me, how... how are things at home? (sighs) I am ready to resume my duties. I see. Well, I must admit that having a third set of experienced hands would be useful in picking up the slack, but know this... you come back,  you come back as subordinate to me  with the full respect and deference that implies. I think I'll come back when the chief of surgery returns. I'm acting chief now. And I intend to make that permanent. You think this hospital will go along with that? You're as dumb as you think I think you are. (knocks) Bertie :  Come in. Nurse Elkins. I miss you calling me Lucy. It's your title in this institution. I think a woman such as yourself would be glad to receive any sign of respect at this point. You don't have to be mean. It's not in your nature. What do you want? It's just that it's your birthday tomorrow. I always like to get my presents early. Makes your special day feel longer 'cause it starts the day before. Aren't you gonna open it? It's a caduceus. It's real gold. Must have cost you a lot. I wanted to. I can't accept this. Barrow : Well, I've been doing my best on several fronts. Our groundbreaking ceremony is still on schedule and will certainly attract donors' attention. You've all approved the architectural plans and I've set about hiring the best contractors in New York. Each is going through a withering negotiation, I can assure you. Not a penny of your money will be wasted on manpower or materials. Very good. What's next? Dr. Edwards is waiting to give us a report on his efforts. Bring him in. Dr. Edwards. Good day, gentlemen. Algie. Have a seat. (clears throat) Despite being understaffed, the surgical service has been able to average over 40 surgeries per week with no increase in complications and an 18% decrease in mortality. Also... we have added several new procedures. Four of which we have perfected ourselves. When will Dr. Thackery return? The news I've received indicates the man is in no shape to return and likely never will be. He seems lost to his addiction forever. If that ends up being the case... I would like to put myself forward as a candidate for the permanent job as chief of surgery. I'm sure you would. At the very least, I think it would be prudent to start a search. For a fourth surgeon, yes. No, for a man to take your job atop the department. There are the right sort of men at several institutions around the country who would make excellent candidates. I know a very good junior man at Dartmouth who would be eager to make a step up. Henry :  Before we go casting about New Hampshire for new blood, let's put together a set of criteria,  most of which I'm sure Dr. Edwards already fulfills, and begin a more formal process. Agreed. I may have a solution to the problem of the fourth surgeon you requested. I was recently able to lure Dr. William Mays out of private practice and to our hospital. In addition to being an excellent doctor, he was also trained as a surgeon. You hired a surgeon without consulting me? I hired a doctor, which is my job. I know Mays. A good family and a decent sort. Monsignor :  His wife's a member of the Women's Temperance Society. An irony if there ever was one. (men laugh) Gentlemen. If I may be candid. Dr. Mays is a general practitioner and not up to the surgical standards of this hospital. He is connected to the wealthiest people in New York. I know you're hot about the meeting, Algie, and I don't blame you. Waiting in the hall like a child outside of the principal's office. And then for Barrow to go behind my back. Do you think he ever would have done that to Thackery? You're not Thackery, for better or for worse. You see Habershorn's face when you said you wanted to be made permanent chief? (scoffs) If I hadn't known better, I would have prescribed him something for impacted constipation. (laughs) Look. I know you are absolutely qualified to be chief of surgery. But, you of all people know that we have to move carefully. The other board members have neither the progressive mind nor the courage to... make the sort of change that you and I want. The world may not be moving fast enough for us but its likely moving much to quickly for them. These are not the kind of men who like to make history. They'd rather tout there ancestors place in it. You might remind them of your ancestors place in it. We'll get you what you want. We're just going to need to bring them along slowly. Then I trust you to do that. Phillip, you're home so early. I didn't expect you until six. Well, I told you this morning I'd be back for lunch. We have the opera tonight. Of course. But I thought we could spend some time together this afternoon. Where are you going? I need to run an errand. Can't it wait? No, it can't. What are you up to? Nothing. Mm-hmm. I'm helping a sick friend, that's all. I'll be back before the curtain. Could be mine. Yes? Come in. I have the rest of the patient files you asked for. Thank you. Anyone who was admitted with Bubonic plague is in that file. Including the ones who died? Yes. Thank you. Let's see. Chinese immigrant, Polish, Hungarian. Any of these patients you had could afford private rooms? Hardly. Most couldn't even have paid their bills. Had they not been put here by the generosity of your department and the city. Something doesn't scrime. If this much were here plus a bunch over at Bellevue all recent arrivals to this country. How the hell did they get through Immigration at Ellis? What do they check them for before they let them off the island? Sent some back, even hospitalized them there. Will this be sufficient? If your asking then that means you got more to give. There's a dozen more wagons coming. Wonderful. Make it quick. There's plenty of food for everyone. You got to form a line. (horse neighs) Please, don't push. Oh! (laughs) I'm Dr. Gallinger from the Knickerbocker Hospital. Here to see Dr. John Thackery. Patient. I'm sorry, we have no patient here by that name. Yes, you do. Are you family? No, a colleague. I don't know under what name he might be registered, but he is here and I will see him. Our patients require privacy. Fella he wants won't care a whit about that. Follow me. Mr. Crutchfield. Is it time for my med... Everett. Hello, Thack. What time do you have? Um... 10:15. 10:15? 10:15. You see that clock on the wall says 10:10. I am due my dose in 15 minutes, not 20. You tell that Dr. Hackett that I'm on to him. We all are. They love to experiment here like we're mice. But I don't need to tell you that after what you went through with Eleanor. But you don't know how to control your environment like I do. You know, I'm like all eyes and ears. What time is it now? A minute later. You're no better than when you came here. No, no, this place is good for me. Good for you? Yeah, they have excellent treatment here. Excellent. They're just a little stingy with it. John, you are desperately needed back at the Knick. I'm not going back. I'm not going back. No. I can't go back. You're staying? While you're here, you could do me a great favor. They keep all the drugs locked in Dr. Hackett's office. Okay? Pay him a visit. Tell him you're there to discuss my treatment. And then grab me a couple of vials of cocaine and heroin and I'll meet you at the kitchen entrance. Huh? Yeah? Agreed? I'll figure something out. Cornelia? Cornelia, come into the parlor. I have a surprise for you. Just arrived from New York. I'm just gonna run upstairs. What happened? It looks worse than it is. Oh, my God. What happened? Cornelia. I went to Chinatown to help. I bought them supplies. I suppose I should have told you. You suppose? You could have exposed yourself to the Black Death. You suppose you should have told me? What if you were pregnant? You'd be exposing our child... I'm not pregnant. Where'd you get the money for something like that? Sold some things. What things? Some jewelry, that's all. Your grandmother's earrings. The sapphire ones your mother gave me. I know they were important, but when I thought of all the good they could do... Mr. Showalter. 
 
 Cornelia. What... what are you doing here? Phillip :  He took the train from New York to surprise us. I had some business up in Oregon. Timber and salmon. I thought I'd stop off. I'm sorry you had to see us squabble. It's my fault. It's the fire that Phillip loves in you. I... I want to explain about your mother's earrings. They were yours to do with as you wished. Having purpose is important, but you already have one. As a wife, a future mother. Perhaps being so far away from the good example set by your own mother and my dear Eunice clouded that a bit. Perhaps a bit. It's so different out here. How can a New York girl be expected to get her bearings in a place like this? I don't think I've been unduly influenced. What if I arranged it so that you could return to your family? Leave San Francisco? But Phillip loves it so. I'm sure he loves you more. What matters is your marriage, being close to family and the people who love you. I've just built some apartments at the bottom of Central Park. I'd like you both to have one. With 11 bedrooms, you can bear as many children as you want. I'll have to talk it over with Phillip. He's already decided. We were discussing it when you arrived. Thank you for letting me know, Dr. Hackett. Good-bye. (sighs) Hello. A word, please? Has Dr. Thackery contacted you? No. Nurse Elkins... He hasn't. Is something wrong? He disappeared from Chromartie Hospital sometime last night. He disappeared?  Mm-hmm. How? (metal clinking) Hello? Hello? Help! Hey! Help! (whimpering) Hello, Thomas. I brung you a few things. Some hard-boiled eggs and nuts. The guard will just take it all away. Oh. Let's eat it now, then. Have they set a court date yet? Week after next. Any word in the papers? No, not yet. There will be once the trial starts. You never should have taken that job without me. Harry, we were a team. You'd have brung me and we wouldn't be in this pickle. I'd have known if the coppers were waiting for you. You were off getting pissed down the Donegal Pub. All right, fair play. My name hasn't come up at all, has it? No. You thinking of turning yourself in? Christ, no.  (laughs) I'm just slagging you. Since when did you forget how to show your teeth? Since you got penned up in this place. You can sleep easy. Your secret will go to my grave. Well, I am not gonna let you rot in this shitbox,  even if there's plenty of other folks who want to pretend like you ain't here. What are you going to do? Dig me a tunnel out? (laughs) I'm gonna do what rich folks do. I'm gonna get you a real clever lawyer with nice suits and a lot of smart words. Best money can buy. With what money, Mr. Carnegie? My money.  Really? Don't be doing anything foolish, Thomas, or you'll end up in here. Pouncey'll be the one bringing you the undercooked eggs. The eggs is fine. Don't you go selling me. Don't you go selling me short. I've had a little pile stuffed in my mattress. Made some real smart investments. I'll have you out of here in no time. (women laughing, chattering) (piano playing) Another early payment. Just some judicious scrimping and saving, that's all. You'll have no problems from me. You run a good, clean establishment. Much better than Collier ever did. Mr. Collier... had very little pride. He didn't respect his women. He'd beat his girls. Spoke to them rudely. They barely saw a doctor. Well, it's not easy to get a doctor to do that kind of work. It is when you own the man who runs a hospital. I think I see what you are getting at. But parading a horde of prostitutes through the Knick for examination. Would take more than a little doing. I need my women clean. I can't lose my precious inventory to disease or whore-babies. My customers trust me to bring them a healthy product. Once a week, I will bring women to you to be examined. Respectfully, Mr. Ping. A hospital, like this establishment... is a business. I can't just give my services away for free. I would have to make certain arrangements. What do you propose? Perhaps, a two dollar reduction in my debt for every girl examined? (footsteps approaching) A gunner's knot... is difficult to tie but impossible to undo. Drink. My father made me memorize every sailing knot before he let me set foot on one of his boats. Where are we? The Atlantic. What the hell is going on? I'm cleaning up the mess you've created. You untie me now. I won't. Son of a bitch! You take me back to Chromartie and you get me my drugs... or I will kill you. I swear I will kill you! Can you sail? What? Can you sail? No! It's tricky business. Learning to read the charts alone is enough to drive a man mad. Meaning? Meaning you won't be killing me  and that you only have two options... Get well... or jump off. (music playing) (vomiting) (yells) (yells) Please untie me. I'm feeling much better. I could use... some more whiskey. You take me back! No. God damn it! At least you're more in control then you were yesterday. Not there yet. You don't understand. The need... will never go away. Then you'll fight the need! Don't you dare tie me up again. I'm going to make this simple. You want to go to shore? Show me you can learn to tie the first 10 knots on the chart in there. Then I'll no you're in control again. 10 knots! Where were the bodies found? Behind the ship's boilers. Stowaways. Rats? All over the hull. Were these 2 seen anywhere on the ship? It's hard to say. Most stowaways stay hidden until the ship docks. Then once at see they might want some fresh air. Some food and water. Some do take... to cooking rats if they can't steal from the kitchen. It's not *** you think? State of the bodies, the rats... Bubonic plague. Will no for sure once we get to the lab. I'll need to see the ship's manifest and a list of everyone who went through immigration. This is private property. You tow it out of here or we'll toss you out on your ass. I'm with the Health Department. I'm just here to check up on a couple of friends of mine. Get a good look at what will be killing you! What you will be bringing home to kill your families too! The babies are the first to go usually. Dead in a pool of their own vomit and blood. Shut your trap! (yelling) There's been some sort of monkey business going on around here. What do you mean? Meet me back here after 6:00 and I'll show you the immigration records. Okay. (groans) And stay off my dock! You f*cking turd! (knocking) Uhm... come in. Good morning, Doctor. Good morning. Any word from Gallinger? He's used up his last chance with me. Right. Well, I had little hope he'd take orders from you. (clears throat) Whose assisting you with the turburcu*** patient? I only saw my name. I'll put Maise on it with you. Maise? Not you? It's a fairly routine procedure, I'm sure you can handle it. Great. That's quite an abscess. Let's hope we won't have to amputate. Perhaps I'll begin. Nurse, knife. (clears throat) I will dissect down to the bone. See how much puss is in there. Unless you have other thoughts? Oh, I think that sounds right. I'm a... well-acquainted with your father. We were recently seated near each other at an Art Society dinner. Well, it was really more of an excuse to drink good wine... and show off our french. That's nice. All right, I'm through. Suction wand. Will you be *** I'm cleaning now. Yes, of course. Do you need assistance? I'm not exactly and expert in this technique. - Gauze. Nice work, Dr. Chickering. Very nice. (thunder rumbling) (metal clinking) (marching band playing) Barrow : Thank you for being here, Mr. Mayor. This groundbreaking is made much more special by your presence here today. (chuckles) You couldn't have done this in April? I'm freezing my balls off. (chuckles) Well, I am sorry about that. Allow me to introduce you to our architect. This is Mr. Frazier H. Wingo of the firm Bradley and Wingo. Mr. Wingo. It's a pleasure. We have to grace our city with the finest, most beautiful hospital in the world. Yes, and it won't cost you a dime. All private funds. Which we are still raising. We will get there. Captain Robertson assures me of that. Oh, is he here today? August has always been a strong supporter of mine. He wanted to be. He is in Norfolk. Seems he's having some new ships built. But his son Henry is here instead representing the family quite well indeed. Point him out to me so this isn't a complete waste of time. Yes, of course. (music continues) Henry : People will know the names of the men, of the families, really, who gave generously to build this hospital. Aside from our name on a plaque and our portrait in a hallway, there's no real payoff. The payoff, Prettyman, is assuring your place in God's kingdom. Yeah, well, your family can think about legacy, but I'm still building my fortune. Every penny I have is tied up in winning the contract to build the new subway line. Where will it run? From city hall all the way up to 145th Street. Do you have all the funds you need? Enough to rig the bid, but short of what I need to get it done. Oh, look at that. You were looking to empty my wallet, but I might just end up emptying yours. Guess who. Uh, Daisy. No. Constance? (laughs) For heaven's sake. I've barely been gone and you've already run roughshod over every girl in New York. Neely Doll! We're back. I didn't expect you so soon. I wanted to be here for the groundbreaking. Oh, Harold. You remember Harold? Yes. Good morning. Good morning. We'll finish talking about that opportunity later. I swear to you, I will never leave this city ever again. Well, I won't let you. (laughs) Where's Phillip? Oh, he's taken the baggage and is getting us settled in our new apartment. Algie. Algie, look who it is. Cornelia? Oh, he's as surprised as I am. She's back for good. Come with me. I have something to show you. Stand there together. Cornelia :  What is that thing? A moving picture camera. Purchased it from Mr. Edison's company. Stand closer together. A little to the left. Henry. Mayor Van Wyck would love a word if you have a moment. Excuse us. Yeah? Mayor Van Wyck, this is Henry Robertson. Cornelia : Phillip. Algernon. Welcome back, Phillip. Thank you so much. Couldn't miss this, could you? Not for the world. How's the apartment? Not finished, apparently. What? My father assumed it would be completed, but ran into some slowdowns while he was travelling. We could live with my parents. It's all been taken care of. Dad felt terribly about the delay, so he insisted all our things be brought to their house immediately. An entire floor has been prepared for us. We'll be living in your father's house? For how long? Four months at the most. Maybe five. It'll be fun. Barrow :  Ah, all right, everyone. We're all set. Let's man our shovels, shall we, gentlemen? Right this way. Very good. Photographers, reporters, this way. Up front. Thank you. Gentlemen, if we could come to the lip of the stage for the photograph. Thank you. All right, my friends. Shovels ready. Now remember, this will be in every paper in the city, so let's give it our all. Hold on a moment. I seem to have one too many shovels. Dr. Edwards. Please, come join us. It's only fitting that our acting chief of surgery shows us how to make a first cut into the earth. Could've given it to the police chief. Is this your idea of taking it slow? I couldn't resist. All right, everyone, on the count of three. One, two, three. (applause, cheering) Mr. Wingo. Masterful. Well done. I've had a revelation. If I was up against a medical problem, I would look for a cure. Stop the disease. Mend the bone, staunch the bleeding. That's the goal anyway. If I treat my desire for drugs not as a craving, but as a sickness, that means there must be a cure. And if there is, I'm gonna find it. Number 10. Let's go home. Nice view. (music playing) 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 