Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x09 - Do You Remember Moon Flower - The Knick 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x09 - Do You Remember Moon Flower https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=473&t=24263 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/12/15 10:35 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x09 - Do You Remember Moon Flower 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 (birds chirping) 
 (speaking Spanish) 
 Where are you going? 
 (speaking Spanish) 
 This isn't yellow fever. This is smallpox. 
 I know. 
 And you didn't think this was important information for me to have? 
 Yellow fever is common. 
 Rest of the world will not even notice. 
 But smallpox, would you buy beef or coffee beans from a country with that? 
 But I could have brought the vaccine. 
 Medicines. 
 I'm equipped for the wrong disease. 
 You will do as you're told. 
 After all, it was your country that caused this outbreak in the first place. 
 Are you American? 
 Help me. Help me. 
 (men speaking Spanish) 
 John Thackery, Philadelphia. 
 August Robertson, New York. 
 I know the name. 
 What are you doing here? 
 I'm a doctor. 
 I was working the Mosquito Coast. 
 They called me in for this. 
 This is the last place I expected to see a man from the society pages. 
 My shipping company, they use Nicaragua as a shortcut to the West Coast and the Orient and back. 
 Two weeks crossing this country saves me two months  in navigation around South America. 
 So why are they keeping you prisoner? 
 Are you the American that's supposed to have caused this outbreak? 
 My shipping company pays them in trinkets and blankets and now they're saying those blankets made them sick. 
 That's very possible. 
 They killed 12 of my men. 
 (speaking Spanish) 
 Mostly Hondurans. 
 And they're gonna kill me, I can assure you. 
 Please, you've got to help me. Ah! 
 (speaks Spanish) 
 You need to let the American go. 
 He will pay for this disease with his life. 
 But you can't be sure he's responsible. 
 He stays. 
 Well, then I won't cure these people. 
 Then you will end up like your American friend. 
 If this thing spreads, it's the most contagious thing on the Earth. 
 You let him go, I will save these people. 
 Without the vaccine? 
 I have a way. 
 (footsteps) 
 These are the survivors. 
 They can no longer get the disease. 
 They're immune. 
 So they can help us with those who still have it. 
 Tell them to wrap these bandages around the skin. 
 It will help their sores heal. 
 For those who haven't gotten the disease, this will keep them safe. 
 They'll get a mild case of it. 
 They'll definitely recover and they'll never get it again. 
 Even if this does work, I'm still keeping his cargo. 
 (blows) 
 (gags) 
 Lucy : Girls, you ready? 
 (giggles) 
 (girls laugh) 
 (chatter) 
 Good morning, Dr. Gallinger. 
 Detective. 
 What can I do for you? 
 I had some more information regarding Dr. Cotton's death that you might be interested in hearing since, as you said, you and your wife were so fond of him. 
 Would you follow me? 
 What is it? 
 We've confirmed that he was most definitely poisoned. 
 And we now know who did it. 
 You do? 
 You might want to prepare yourself. 
 It was his sons who did him in. 
 They both were studying at Princeton and were slowly adding arsenic to their father's meals over time. 
 You're positive about this? 
 They confessed it. 
 They were surprised he had died so quickly since, as they said, they had only been adding the arsenic a short while. 
 Must have given him more than they realized. 
 Not that I blame them. 
 From what I gather, the old man was a nut. 
 You know that crazy man pulled the teeth out of their head. 
 His own children's teeth. 
 Why the hell do you do something like that? 
 He thought it would keep them sane. 
 Have the boys been arrested? 
 They killed themselves before we could. 
 So I guess Daddy's treatment didn't work out so great. 
 Anyway, just thought you'd want to know. 
 Thank you. 
 How's your wife? 
 Doing well. 
 Give her my best. 
 (door opens) 
 Will you excuse us for a moment, Dudley? 
 Thank you. 
 Your mother said you're leaving. 
 Going to Ohio tonight. 
 The refinery is nearly ready. 
 Talking with some men in Cleveland and up near Detroit about using our gasoline for automotive propulsion. 
 Well, when will you be back? 
 Do you really care? 
 Of course. 
 'Cause I want you to come with me. 
 It's a part of my father's business that could be mine. 
 I can build it. We can make a life there. 
 Phillip, it's a lot all at once. 
 I need some time. 
 No, I don't want words or protestations. 
 It's not what you say, it's what you do. 
 I'm leaving tonight. I don't know when I'll be back. 
 Now either you're coming with me, your husband, to be with me wherever we end up, or you're not. 
 And if you're not, I'll find someone who wants to. 
 I deserve at least that. 
 (footsteps approaching) 
 (knocks) 
 (door opens) Edwards : May I come in? How are you doing? I'm deeply sorry, John. What did you want? Just wanted to give you a report on the twins. Some good news for a change. Dr. Chickering and I examined them this morning. Nika's pneumonia has receded. The amount of albumin in their urine has decreased. They're eating full meals and... they took their first steps alone. Also, the orphanage informs me that a family from Missouri has agreed to take the girls. They arrived in the city yesterday and are just waiting on our approval to let them go. I think they're ready. Sounds like it. Congratulations. Cleary :  So, here's what I'm thinking. We start at the East Side piers. Find some sailors coming back from a long time at sea looking to get their logs dunked. Then we head to 29th Street. They've got enough brothels and dance halls to keep us selling till Christmas. Fine. How long you gonna be sore with me? As long as I feel like. I may not be a nun anymore, but I took my vows, vows that you know I intend on keeping. It was one little kiss, all right? A kiss I didn't even get. You're a hound, like all them fellas getting off the boats looking to get their logs dunked. I can't trust you now just like I shouldn't have all this time. I got carried away is all. Because what I said is true. I do have feelings for you. Then I'd ask you to please keep them to yourself. This box is ready. Guess those vows didn't include one of forgiveness. What? Nothing, all right? I'm sorry. I didn't mean to tempt you into breaking your vows. Believe me, a gorilla like you, there wasn't the least bit of temptation. (clears throat) Mr. Jenkins. Herman Barrow. Good to meet you, Mr. Barrow. And you, sir. Shall we? Yes. (chuckles) Thank you, Mr. Barrow. Welcome to the Metropolitan Club. (men chatting quietly) I "don'ts" know what a Vander is, but I'm sho glad he done built it. (chuckles) Herman, how are you? I'm very well, Corky, thank you. That was a wonderful evening. Please. Oh. Well, we very much appreciated your generous donation. Ah. (footsteps approaching) (knocks) Baker : Dr. Thackery? Dr. Thackery, it's Nurse Baker. The twins are leaving. I thought you'd want to know. Where is Dr. Thackery? We want to say good-bye. I'm sure he wishes he could be here, but unfortunately he's elsewhere. Be well, girls. (knocks) Finally, a good outcome. (chuckles) Yeah. Oh, well, I don't suppose he's rushing over for one last wave at the twins. You brought me up on charges? What? I've been called to defend myself in front of the state medical board. You sterilized idiots? Dozens. I had no idea how far outside the brotherhood of physicians you were until now. And I had no idea how far outside you were until you sabotaged me. How? The Carr surgery. I know it was you. Why? Because there's no chance you would ever make a mistake? No, because there is no chance that you are a better doctor than I am. Oh, for God's sake. Shut up, both of you. Everett, you're supposed to be on the ward. Have I missed the twins? Just. They asked after you. (groaning) Thack! Thack! Quick, quick, fetch a gurney. No. You have been in pain for weeks. You need to be examined. You mean opened up? Like hell. All right, well, maybe there's another alternative. (clock ticking) Have a look, doctors. My Lord. You do realize the patient is conscious, don't you, Bertie? I was marveling at the technology. Zinberg taught you to tell the truth. I taught you to lie. Seems like neither of us did a very good job. It is a marvelous invention. And what does it tell you? That a section of your bowel is ischemic. Agreed. I suppose we can guess what's caused it. Well, we don't need to get into that. No, that's all right. A man ingests cocaine for long enough, then his intestinal blood vessels don't stand a chance. You'll need a resection. Is the entire intestine necrotic? Well, we can only guess from what little we can see, but I'll schedule surgery as soon as possible. No, I want to find an alternative. What do you mean? I don't want to rush into it. There are other things I want to try. Medications. You collapsed on the street. Your bowel looks like the badlands. What more evidence do you need? No medication is gonna repair that. Yet it is not for any of you to decide. Effie :  Ladies, I am kindly asking you to please stay out of my way. I will go wherever I please. These nurses are saying I am barred from the building. You need to make an appointment like everyone else. I am not everyone else. Thank you, nurses. Everything is fine. Please close the door. How's your whore? Is she well? Junia is very well. Thank you. And how's your new apartment? Tiny and awful, I trust? Actually, that's why I'm here. I want you to buy me a big, nice one with a view like yours for me and the children. Preferably on the Upper East Side. In a dream, that might be something I would do. By law, I owe you nothing. What is that? Apparently, it's the actual amount of steel that was delivered to the new Knick on March 4, 1901. I'm assuming that somewhere in this building there's a document claiming that the delivery was much greater, as was the amount that you required the hospital to pay for it. We'll both just suppose we know where the extra money went. Where did you get that? You keep excellent records, Herman. And you were very smart to keep them out of the hospital where people could find them. Unfortunately, when I went to the bank the other day to retrieve jewelry from my safe-deposit box to sell it, the banker mistakenly gave me the keys to the other Barrow box. Where are they now, the papers? In a new safe-deposit box. They're all there... everything you did and every penny you stole. What do you want? I want to live the life I was accustomed to living. I want the children back in their schools. I want the apartment I mentioned. I want you to suffer. And I want you to pay me until the day you die. How much? Half paid to me every month. All right. Half my salary. And half of everything you steal, skim, and ferret away. Over that, you can go f*ck yourself. And I'd advise you to find someone else that wants to f*ck you, too, because I'm only paying for five years. After that, you're on your own. So start casting about for men with deep pockets, poor eyesight, and very little need for proper sexual gratification. Warren :  I've sped up the crews  and I believe we'll soon be back on schedule. Are you sure that's wise? To rush the crews? Perhaps we should slow them a bit. I worry about accidents. As do I, which is why there won't be any. Barrow :  He won't cooperate. He's a by-the-book operator. He's cutting costs. Wants to bring the project in under budget from here on out. What kind of fruit does that? Exactly. So, we have our normal arrangement? Look, Herm, I could bust the guy up, but what's the point? The building's nearly done. Let's at least slow it down. We got to let it get built sometime. If we didn't, they wouldn't build the next one and we couldn't skim off that. There is no next one. This is it for me. I have expenses, Jimmy. You might pull a few more bucks out of the building, but short of finding a way to turn back the clock and start the whole project over again, I'd say find another scheme. I am not giving up. There are a lot more ways to game this and I will find them. I wish you luck, Herm. And when you do, don't forget our cut. Yeah. (knocks) Do you have a moment? It's rather urgent. What is it? It's the new man. The architect, Mr. Warren. From what I can tell, he's whipping us into shape nicely. Yes. Very efficient. But I fear there may be some pitfalls involved in all of that whipping. Such as? Such as the cheapening of quality, for one. He's using fewer joists, thinner materials. I'm more than happy to have less of everything. Everything, including costs. Yes, but with the demands he is placing  on these crews, the speed he wants, the dangers are immense. With all that we have poured into that place, to have it destroyed by some terrible calamity... Warren and his firm have an excellent record. The Astors' hotel was a triumph. I appreciate your caution, but we're backing him. Of course. I'm sure you're right. 
 
 Oh, Mrs. Showalter. Lovely to see you. And you, Mr. Barrow. So? (sighs) I've tried 100 different ways to find the holes in this. I didn't want to believe it either. It's not in Dad's nature. I know. But when I stop looking at him as just his son... there is a desperation to him now. But actual murder? So what do we do? I mean, go to the police? Well, we can't just have them come to the door and march him out into some jail. We need to confront him first. Allow him to get his affairs in order. Turn himself in with dignity. And we need to have him look us in the eye and admit what he's done. I suppose it would make it feel like less of a betrayal that way. He asked me to meet him at the construction site at 8:00. Do you think you can be there, too, so we can confront him together? Of course. Edwards :  What I found in my investigation of Dr. Gallinger... By investigation, you mean breaking into my office and stealing patient records. So what you found in your thievery. What I found is that Dr. Gallinger has performed dozens of unauthorized vasectomies on children, children who had no say in their permanent alteration and all in service of some harebrained theory that has no proven basis in medical science. Dr. Gallinger, your defense. I plead guilty, Dr. Phelps. Guilty to believing what I believe in doing what I have done. Edwards :  So you did alter these boys? Of course. And I stand by it. Cripples, imbeciles, criminals, defectives... I spare the world from their line in order to benefit the greater good. What gives a man the right to play God? Deciding who is hereditarily fit and who unworthy to bear children? What Dr. Gallinger did was an act of egotism, of cruelty, and of malpractice. As his superior at the Knickerbocker, it is my recommendation that this board considers a full revocation of Dr. Gallinger's credentials. What Edwards has left out of his mongrelization-loving diatribe is that full permission was granted on every single procedure on every single one of those boys. Let me introduce Dr. Samuel Reid. Good afternoon, doctors. Dr. Reid is the director of the Idiot House on Randall's Island. I am indeed. I have state guardianship of all the boys in my home and I did, in fact, grant Dr. Gallinger full permission to perform these procedures. You have papers to substantiate all of this? Of course. Dr. Gallinger and I have a similar philosophy when it comes to these matters. Oh, so this quackery is now sanctioned by the state. Wonderful. What Edwards and other people of his kind cannot accept is there is great validity in the eugenics movement. States such as California and Indiana are already seeing the benefits of a purified society and are considering writing it into their legislation. This movement is growing faster than any other in modern medicine. But men like Edwards likely also buried their heads when other revolutions arose like germ theory, vaccinations, things that proved over time to be miracles. Now, if the board sees fit to prevent me from practicing in New York, there are hundreds of other institutions and doctors whom I'm sure would welcome me. Thank you, Dr. Gallinger. Dr. Edwards, how much have you studied the eugenics movement? I've read several articles in "Lancet" and in other medical journals. And you believe that's enough to discredit an entire field of study? A field which is now being taught in hundreds of medical schools and universities? This isn't about a field of study. It is about intention. But Dr. Gallinger's intentions were, in his words, for the greater good. Yes, but for the greater good of whom? Himself? You, Dr. Phelps? Mankind. Eugenics is, in my opinion, a very legitimate and necessary study. So much so I've added it to the curriculum at my own Columbia Medical College. You broke into his office and you accused him of doing something to which he apparently had every right. Unless my colleagues differ from me in their opinions,  I see no reason to grant your request. I see. Thank you, Doctor. Thank you. Thank you. You really intend on doing this? You realize you're just proving my entire thesis? I just made a logical and scientific argument... and respected, learned men agreed with me because whether you like it or not, this field of study is legitimate and it's not going away. It is fact. Of course, instead of being a man of science, you raise your fists like an animal, the animal we are proving your people to be. In the face of intellectual reason, you can't help but resort to violence. Well, I won't. 'Cause the fight is already... (gasps) (grunts) Now you just proved it again, stupid nigger. (groaning) Dorothy! Dorothy! Dorothy :  Everett? What is it? I won. I beat that dusky b*st*rd every which way. I tamed the goddamn beast. Did you go for his eye? Like a hammer to a nail. He had no idea I knew. Let's go upstairs. Take me right here. Cleary :  It don't matter if she's a cocktrough whore  or dressed up like a dog's dinner. You can't tell a thing by looking at 'em, fellas. They maybe got it, and maybe they don't. But these will keep you from getting the bug no matter what. You want to lose your nose, hmm? Your ears? Your toes? 'Cause you didn't cover up your bell-end? You want to be answering to the name of Daddy? Coupled off to some mistake with a face like a bulldog chewing a wasp? Now I know what you're thinking. But pulling out of her cave at the last second and painting her belly won't save you. All the docs say so. There's only one way to go here, fellas, and it's right here in my hand. Don't slip it in till you slip it on. It's a dime a f*ck. 10 in a pack. Only cost you a buck for 10 rolls in the sack. Get your money. What are you doing? I'm out. I barely finished my tout. I didn't have to say a word. Look what I have. Only charge you 15 cents for it. The rest costs extra. (sighs) Do you remember Moon Flower? That old plow mule we had? I remember how stubborn she was. We would beat on her and beat on her. And there came a day finally when she stopped being stubborn. She was so old at that point. Had that lame hind limb. Eyes always dripping from fly bites. Levi used to do the funniest imitation of her. (laughs) But she obeyed and worked all day with no hesitation and then limped back to the barn at night, waiting in the dark not moving until the beating and the work started again the next morning. Did that until she was all used up and there was nothing left to do but shoot her. This world offers too much. And contrary to what you think, I'm too smart to let myself turn out that way. And if that means sinning to get what I want, well, then, so be it. I won't be shamed by the likes of you or anyone else anymore. What I've done, what I will do... God has turned a deaf ear to you, I'm afraid. Eternal damnation is the fate of Pastor Elkins. But before you go to the flames, I think it's only fair to confess the rest of my sins to you. See, what I confessed in church that night,  that night you beat me like that mule, isn't the whole story. The man I mentioned I had a relationship with, Dr. Thackery. You met him. You shook the very fingers I begged him to slip inside me so many times. He's older than you. And he was a terrible cocaine user. I used to get him his drugs, and in return he would dip his erect pen1s in those drugs and let me feel just how good it was. After that, I would do anything for him as long as he would f*ck me. But that, dear Father, is not the end of my story. I sunk lower. Maybe in all your experience with the brothels you've heard of something called the Golden Lotus. While he was having s*x, I stuck my foot in the mouth of an Oriental and let him suck on it as he ejaculated. And he paid me $100 for the pleasure. More than once. I just wanted you to know everything before you went. Bye, Daddy. Enjoy your trip. Dad? Dad? Are you here? (footsteps) Hey there. I didn't expect to see you here. Come on up. The view is wonderful. That's a long walk. There'll be an elevator soon. Where's Henry? He'll be here any moment. Good. What do you think? Hmm? Cold rooms. Light therapy patio up on the roof. Gonna be a marvel. This is it. This is my legacy. Long after I'm gone, this is what people will remember me for. I'm not certain it's all you'll be remembered for. Well, there'll be the shipping and other endeavors, but this, oh, this is going to save lives every day. Then why would you be so greedy and foolish as to risk and hurt so many people? What do you mean? I know about it, Dad. I know about the inspectors and the bribes and the ports. I know about it all. Cornelia, you're jabbering. What are you talking... Inspector Bradley and the Immigration Office at the docks. (laughs) You've been bribing him and his men. Inspector Brad... Oh, Neely, there isn't a shipping man in New York who doesn't go out and slip those fellas a 20 every now and again to get a little happy in a pub. But that is hardly a crime. If only that was your crime, but it's not. I know it and Henry knows it. You move up the sick and the poor to second-class and the inspectors let them into the country where they infest the tenements and the neighborhoods. People died, Dad. Lots of them. In San Francisco and Hawaii. Here in New York. Speight found out and you killed him, too. What? What in the hell are you accusing me of? Don't make it worse by denying it. Neely, this is ridiculous. Don't touch me. I assure you I did none of the things that you say. Look around you. Take a good look around! If I was so concerned about money... (scoffs) ...would I be working so hard to give it away to the Knick? I know your business is in trouble. What? You owe Hobart an enormous amount. Neely. (sighs) In a way. But that is just an investment that he made in me. I am on the rebound. Yet you still can't cover your commitments to the Knick. I did not do what you think. We're going to the police, Henry and I. It's already decided. Neely, this is preposterous. (sniffs) Do you smell that? What? (fire crackling) Oh, my God. We've got to get out of here. Oh, God. Look, over there. It's a 20-foot drop. Help me with this. I'm gonna lower this ladder down in the hole. Wait. You've got to go sideways. Here, go up. Go up. I got it. All right, here. It's not long enough. It'll carry you most of the way, maybe more. You can climb down, hang, and drop. I'll hold it from up here. No. You have to, Neely. There's no other way. And what about you? Go find help. There's a fire brigade two blocks down. They've probably already seen the smoke. I'll go up the stairs and wait it out up there. Now, go. You've got to go. I won't. Neely, you're running out of time! Go! Get on this ladder and go now. That's it. Climb down as far as you can. (groans) Oh, God. That's it, Neely. Go. As far as you can go. That's it. Good, now let go. Now, Neely. Now! (grunts) Neely? Neely? Neely, are you all right? Go get help. Go. Now. (grunts) (shouts) Where? Dad! No! No! (screams) (crying) Shh, shh. (groans) Oh, God. (groans) Oh, God. Thackery : We're almost there. August : We should talk about compensation. No, I'm not much interested in money. (laughs) You know, I fund a hospital in New York. The Knickerbocker. Isn't that where J.M. Christiansen is? I hear he's doing some astonishing work. You two should meet. I'll introduce you. (laughs) (music playing) (Light instrumental music) 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 