Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x10 - This Is All We Are - The Knick 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x10 - This Is All We Are https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=473&t=24330 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/19/15 11:42 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x10 - This Is All We Are 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 (siren wailing) 
 (woman shouting in Chinese) Cleary : All right, back away. Back away. Christ, what have you done to yourself? Just get me out of here. All right, come on. I'll have you to the Knick in no time. No, take me to Mount Sinai. You do good work. Barrow : It was good work. Now it's gone. Thanks to your good work. What do you mean? It ain't too hard to put together. You got what you wanted, the whole damn thing starts over again and so does your skimming off of it. You think I did this? He collapsed a few days ago and was brought here for examination. An endoscope revealed at least one ischemic section of bowel. The likely cause was his extensive use of cocaine in all forms and other substances. Heroin. It was heroin. But I don't think it's got anything to do with this. It may have masked the pain. I should mention the patient is a physician. The recommended procedure is resecting. Once the patient is anesthetized, we'll remove the necrotic areas and then, using elastic ligatures and the McGraw method, unite the healthy areas. Questions? Yeah, just one modification. No anesthesia. You want to remain awake? I want you to use my spinal block instead. I won't do it. Why not? I don't believe in it. You've read my paper. You've seen the evidence. I've also seen the papers that have refuted your initial success. Several cases of permanent paralysis. Obviously performed by incompetence. Got the 95 from Minna O'Fallon's brothel. They want to up their order for next week. A third more of everything. Put it in the tin. Let's start getting the next load in the truck. This one's for Pinkey's Gentleman's Joint. 400 condoms, 50 sponges. Box number 16. All right. They'll owe you $90. Stack it on there. All right. Back in a jiff. (whistling) Henry :  Just this list of guests I've given you. I had my mother take a look at it, but she was so upset, she didn't get very far. So my judgment will have to suffice. If someone was missed, so be it. That's it for now. Valet : Dinner, sir. Nothing for me. You should eat something. (sighs) You have it. An apple or a pear at least. (chuckles) I haven't got any appetite. I'm... I'm taking my mom up to our house in Newport after the funeral to spend the summer. She needs to be away from all of this. What about your work? I can do most of it using the telephone. There's also a guesthouse. It has a beautiful view of the ocean. I think you'll love it. Are you asking me to come? I don't know what I'd do without you. Lucy. Lucy. Please. Things are bad enough. Don't make me pine for you as well. And it's a beautiful guesthouse. The McKinleys stayed there the summer before he won in '96. Of course it is. And I'm sure the future president didn't visit without the promise of a commitment from your father. Herman Barrow. Yes? Police Detective Tuggle. Would you mind answering a few questions? What sort? About the fire that took August Robertson's life. Darling, would you wait in the carriage? I'll only be a moment. Your daughter? No. So I'm supposing she's not the current Mrs. Herman Barrow. Sad as it is for my beloved children, I'm divorcing their mother. But this has nothing to do with the hospital or my work, so what were your questions? (sighs) You were in charge of the construction of the new Knickerbocker? I oversaw it. The board of directors thought it best to have me lead the project, but that was mostly cost and expenditures. The architect, a Mr. Frazier Wingo  and then a Raphael Warren, were in charge on the ground. Yes, we've already talked to Mr. Wingo. Really? Well, I hope you found him to be as untrustworthy as we did. We terminated him weeks ago. He's a scoundrel. He thought you would you say that. Well, he's earned his reputation. As have you. Where were you on the night of the fire? I was at home with Junia. She can vouch for me. And who will vouch for her? Excuse me? There isn't anything about her that would make us doubt her word as your alibi, is there? What sort of man are you that you think it's appropriate to come to my dear friend's viewing  and insult me and my girl? From now on, if you'd like to ask some questions, you will do so at the proper time and place. Watch yourself, Detective. One call and I can have you back walking a night beat in whatever filthy mick neighborhood you come from. We'll let you know how the investigation progresses. Excuse me. You go in and see your mother yet? Opal is keeping her company. What are you gonna tell her about that eye? Kicked by a horse? My boy? What did happen? (sighs) A fight. Another one? It was inevitable. It always is with you. How bad is it? Bad. The good captain gave you everything. There's not a Negro in this city who's had more opportunities than you. Even that's not enough. What do you have to be so angry about? I'm angry for you. (footsteps) I used to... I used to sit down in the stables and do my homework while you tended the horses. There wasn't a subject that you couldn't help me with. Smartest man I ever knew. You could have been something more. Something great. Not just another man's coachman. I am angry. I'm angry that they made you turn your eyes to the ground. And then they made you too scared to look up. Boy, you have no idea what I've seen. If I hadn't learned to turn to God, I wouldn't be here and neither would you. (hammering) (footsteps) Got another batch of intestines for you. (sighs) Jewed the butcher down. Saved us nearly a fin. He offered me some sausages, but I can't really look at encased meats the same way anymore. What's the matter? Where is it? Where's what? The money. All that we earned. There was over $300 profit in that this morning. You've got me. I took it. You had no right. I made an investment. Investment in what? Another damn wrestler? In us. What do you mean, in us? Harry! What are you doing? Rose. What are you doing? I am a man... You can't be doing this. ...what knows what he wants. Thomas, please, get up. I've known that we were good together from the very start. Please get up. I have had feelings for you for a very long time and that hasn't changed. I love you, Rose Dolan. I'd be honored if you'd be my wife. Are you gonna say something? You're off your nut. I am as sane as any man has ever been. I can't. Why can't you? Because I can't. Harry, please. Just give... give me a chance. What can I do? While you're down there, pray. A bit more. More. Stop. Good. So, which one of you has more experience administering my spinal block? I've done it several times with good success. Then you do it. Now, it was difficult to tell from Zinberg's scope just how much pus might be present and if there's more than one necrotic section. Well, we'll just have to have plenty of saline ready in case I need to flush it out. In case  you  need it? I'll be performing the surgery. On yourself? And we'll be... Assisting. Thack, that's madness. No, what's madness is using ether regardless of the dangers. I'm gonna prove we don't need to use it and I want people to pay attention. Bertie :  And you think a circus stunt is the way to do it? Well, you'll watch and so will everyone else. You'll read the journal and the newspaper story. You'd risk your life for publicity? If it means saving people's lives, yes. But from your position on the table, you won't have the proper angles to see what you're doing. That's what the mirror is for. So you're gonna perform it backwards, essentially? Thack, this is a routine surgery if you'd let us do it. We can have it done in a half hour's time. And people will still be etherizing and killing. It's overwhelmingly safe. That's what I told Abby. There could have been other factors at play. She could have had a defect in her heart or taken some medicine that reacted poorly with the ether. All the more reason to avoid it. I'm not gonna help you kill yourself. Oh, don't be so dramatic. Self-surgery has been tried before. Well, then, at least allow us to handle the tricky parts. No. It's very simple. You either do it my way or you can excuse yourselves and I'll go it alone. Habershorn :  We still haven't gotten the report from the insurance company. They told me they believe the fire was intentionally set. Barrow :  Sounds a bit far-fetched. I think they'll find it's more likely the result of all the cost cutting and speeding up our new architect was doing. Never a problem before he was hired on. It does seem that this disaster coincided with his arrival. I've already got a list of new men whom I have personally vetted. Restarting this project will be my highest priority. I'm truly not interested in the cause at this point. In fact, I met with the insurance company myself about it this morning  and negotiated a very favorable settlement. Habershorn :  Why would you do that before getting the report? Henry :  Because my family is finished with this endeavor. I'm pulling the plug and we're going to use the settlement to pay back the donors. Henry, your father... My father is dead. So is his dream. Mr. Habershorn, if you're interested, I'd be willing to sell you back your land at the full price to do with what you wish. I've received a letter of interest from the Mount Sinai people. I suppose I'll have no choice but to sell to them. That's sure to lose me some friends on the Upper East Side. But what's to become of this place? I don't want to tell you your business, Henry, but I feel I owe it to your father to provide my wise counsel at this time. No, you don't. I'll keep my own counsel from now on. Gentlemen, my sister has always believed in the good this place does for the people down here. And the need is only increasing. Therefore, I have asked Mayor Van Wyck  to consider having the city take over the Knick. Hear, hear. This is a terrible mistake. Have you heard the news? They're not going to rebuild. We won't see a penny of that settlement. That is Henry Robertson's business. Oh, is it, really? You have a sizable reputation and you'll be trapped on this sinking ship. They're talking about having the city take over. Thack, that new hospital was to be yours. It was being built around your genius. We cannot let that juvenile decide our fate. Now, we find a way to continue on and get you what you rightfully deserve. Did you know I'm a full member of the Metropolitan Club now? I have very powerful friends. Bully for you. Indeed. What about the Thackery-Barrow Sanitarium? Hmm? All of the work you've been doing with those drunks and the like... I could have you up to the club. We could put together a presentation. We could get funding. Look, I have nothing to offer the drunks and the drugged. I failed. So we'll leave that part out. Flowers keep getting delivered every few minutes. Downstairs looks like a botanical garden. Your father really was beloved. Phillip. Yes? I know I've taken you for granted and I shouldn't have. I think a fresh start in Ohio is what we need. You'll come with me? We'll get my mother off to Newport with Henry, and then we'll head west. You'll make a fine oilman's wife. I'll certainly try. And you're sure Henry doesn't need you at Robertson Shipping? Well, I thought so, but Henry's done an excellent job of stepping in and reassuring the whole company they're in good hands. The ships still sail, the passengers and cargo are still en route. I don't envy Henry. Having to learn the whole business so suddenly. Well, he's got a good grip on the routes and he's been in charge of the ports for years now. I thought he only worked on the routes and contracts. Oh, no. No, overseeing the ports was the first thing Henry wrested away from your father when he started. Felt there were a great deal of savings to be had if handled correctly. Did the same thing when we were out in San Francisco. Turns out your brother is quite the wharf rat. (toilet flushes) Tuggle : Mr. Barrow. Oh, for Christ's sake. A few more questions if you don't mind. I do mind. Perhaps you'd like to shake my hand first. No, thank you. So... why did you set the fire? Insurance? Revenge? I had nothing to do with that fire. Nothing, God damn it. This how the police operate now? Accosting a man with accusations in the sanctity of the bathroom of his own club? You keep trying to impress me, but I don't impress as easily as you or your kind. Perhaps this will impress you. I hope you're enjoying your last day as a detective. I'm starting to. That new apartment of yours, you paid in cash, right? A lot of money for a man on a salary. Not for one who works hard and saves judiciously. If you have any further questions, you can refer them to my attorney. You have one? I will soon. This interview is over. Get out now. 
 
 (toilet flushes) Sorry about that. This man has no sense of decency. Well, that's the problem with all of this fairness talk. Everyone thinks they can speak to anyone however they wish. He wants to make a splash with a big fish and apparently I'm it. And what was this clown's name? His name was Tuggle. Tuggle. Neely. I wasn't expecting you. I know you weren't. I know what you did behind our father's back. My investment in the subway. Yeah. It's hardly a secret now. Well, it looks like it's going to be a roaring success. No. A fortune I will happily share with the entire family. I know what you did. What did I do? The bribes at the ports to the inspectors. It was you who let all those sick passengers into the country. You who brought the plague here and to San Francisco. You who killed Speight. Neely. You who murdered your own father and tried to kill me. Say something. It's a shame you're not a man. You'd have been named lead detective in the city by now. How could you? How could I not? Banks turning their backs on us. Creditors bleeding us dry. He was so consumed with his damn legacy, we were going broke. It was his fortune to lose, not yours. He built it. And he was squandering it. Like a fool. I saved him from that. He's a titan again because of me. You're making me sick. He had to go. It's as much your fault as it is mine. How? You told him about your little investigation. He'd have figured it out it was me. He'd gone soft in his old age, but not so soft that he wouldn't have kicked me out of the business and written me out of his will like that for having done it. You left me no choice. Don't you dare try and lay this at my feet. You took what you wanted. And now I'm legally in control of the family and all our holdings. We'll see about that. What will you do? Go to the police. Tell the newspapers. Tell Mother. No, you won't. What evidence is there, hmm? You gave me everything you have. The fire? Well, I've already taken care of that. It's only your word against mine and no one's gonna listen to the rantings of a distraught housewife. Neely... you have an easy, comfortable life. Go live it. Be a good wife. Start a charity. Be impregnated... by your husband. Name the firstborn after our departed father. But you will do exactly as I say... or you won't make it back to your carriage. You're a monster. (crying) And your one-woman crusade is over. Is that understood? Go. Lucy. Hello, Cornelia. I am so glad you're here. So glad you saw things my way. Is Cornelia coming up to Newport with us as well? Afraid not. Right, Neely Doll? But tell Phillip I expect all the Showalters up to the house for Independence Day. Show them what a real fireworks display looks like. Should have had Wingo killed when I had the chance. A real man takes care of his own business. I am a real man, Junia. I would delight in choking the life out of that vindictive little fairy if the police weren't following me everywhere I went. Look out this window. Our view of the park is now policemen on a bench. They mean to arrest me. I know they do. They want to destroy me. What about me? What about you? Will I be put out onto the streets? I wouldn't put it past them to seize this place, the bloodsuckers. You'd let them do that to me? What will I do? Where will I go? I don't know. I don't know. Anything in my name can be seized. Even Effie can make a claim for it since we're still married. This place. This place is my only hope. Listen, if they take me, I'm going to need a loan against this property to pay for my defense. Well, I don't know how to do that. Evening. Priest : How long has it been since your last confession? Longer than you'd care to know. There's no point in going through all my wrongs. Besides, God's already seen them. They ain't all bad, you got to understand. I take the sick to the hospital lickety-split. Save one every now and then. All I'm saying is I'm an all right fella. I know I am. Priest :  Then why are you here? (Cleary sighs) Love. I asked a woman to be my wife. She's hesitating. Maybe she senses something. Figuring maybe I need to confess before God lets her say yes. See, me and her, a ways back, we worked together. That's when I started having feelings for her. And I know she was having feelings for me, too. But there was no way that I could, uh... make her my own seeing as how she was... married to the Church and all. Then I figured a way out. I set her up. Priest : You set her up? Cleary :  Told a copper I knew what she was up to and he set a trap for her. I knew the Church wouldn't look too kindly on it. And you didn't. Took away her habit, her name. Banished her. Left her with nothing and nobody except me. Priest : You manipulated a nun's excommunication? She was a f*cking abortionist! I know you read about it. You gonna start defending her now, hmm? I did you all a f*cking favor. Now, I didn't see the law coming down as hard as it did on her. That surprised me, I can tell you. That hurt me something terrible to see her so broken. But I got her out of that trouble. She's better now. Happier than I ever seen. Happier than when she was a f... nun, that's for sure. Priest : What exactly is it you want forgiveness for, then? No, no. Not forgiveness. I guess just a prayer or something so God can get her to accept me as her husband, admit that she loves me, too. So we ain't alone anymore. f*ck it. Man : Where would you like to go? I... I don't know. Europe? South America? The Orient? How far will that take me? What about Australia? Junia, it shouldn't come to this. I've been told it won't come to this, but I'm being cautious for your protection. Thank you, Hermie. Good. And this is for the loan against the apartment. And this money will be in your bank account. And this money is for your lawyer. Ezekiel Marshall of Martin, Burt, and Marshall. Yes. Very good. And this, lastly, is the power of attorney. Sign right here. (clock ticking) (grunts) (both chuckle) All right. (both laugh) All right. All right. All right. (men chatting) Well, that does me, gentlemen. Pardon me, Mr. Barrow, sir. Ah. What is it? I wanted to apologize for my behavior earlier, sir. The fire is being ruled an accident. Hmm. An electrical accident. My superiors wanted me to come here and tell you personally. Well, thank you, Detective. Apology accepted. Now good day. (chuckles) Your deal, Barrow. Ah, yes. What is wrong with your hands? No idea. They've felt odd lately. I thought I'd have one of my doctors check me. Well, have an X-ray done. Get to the bottom of it. They're miraculous. Oh, I know. (chuckles) I've had dozens of them. Phelps :  I want to take our message on the road. Rather than follow Europe, I want to lead them for a change. Bring eugenics to the continent. Teach them a little something about American scientific discovery. Precisely. And who better to deliver that message than a strong, handsome man such as yourself? I'm flattered, but... But what? You'd prefer to stay here and be the subordinate to a Negro? And to the man who chose that Negro over you? I was considering searching for another position. Well, you've found it. We'd travel first class. You'd be paid for your speeches and there'd be a generous stipend. This is a message that needs to be spread. And there are a lot of wealthy people who are willing to fund such an effort. We'd be away for at least a year. Would I be able to bring a companion? Of course. You're not giving me a lot of reasons to say no. Well, that was my intention. You'd be the traveling prophet of eugenics. An evangelist for the preservation of the human race. When would we leave? First of the month. We'd take the White Star and start in Germany. As good a place as any, I suppose. Gentlemen. Please direct your attention to the center of the ring, where I will amaze you with a feat so extraordinary, it has never been seen before by you or anyone else in the history of mankind. I have come to believe that our use of ether is both cavalier and irresponsible. The drug is risky and overused, and I will prove today that a man can be operated on with no general anesthesia and that that same man can perform the operation himself. (men murmuring) Dr. Gallinger and Dr. Chickering are injecting me with a 2% cocaine solution directly into my spinal canal, which will block all signals of pain from my lower half to my upper. This is a technique I pioneered myself and one I know to be completely safe if done correctly. How are you gentlemen doing back there? Just fine. When you assembled here, see today what can be done without general anesthesia, I have no doubt that we will all look back and realize how many lives were saved on this day. Hold still, please. Scalpel. As I work through several layers of dermis, Nurse Baker will follow along with the electric cauterizer. Nurse. Thack, at least allow us to do that. As you can see, I will only let the nurses assist me as I don't want to be accused of not having performed the entire procedure myself. A high-wire walker is only thrilling to watch if there's no net below to save him from disaster. Nurse Pell, retractors. As I work my way through the... intestine, it seems there are several necrotic areas which will need resecting. Six by my count. Much worse than originally assumed. Dr. Thackery, perhaps you could resect one or two of the sections to prove your point, then Dr. Gallinger and I can continue on. Or you could close and we could reconsider our options. Thank you, doctors, but I will finish what I started. The show must go on. Clamp. Clamp. The first two-inch section has been removed. Before I sew the ends together, I will try to remove the next section. As you can see, this particular area  is much more difficult to access. He's cutting too close to the superior... I know. Bertie. He's working too closely to the superior mesenteric. I know. Dr. Thackery... Your unsolicited opinion is noted, but this tack is the only way to get to this section. f*ck! Gallinger :  You've cut yourself. Jaeger's needle and silk. Bertie :  Just clamp it off. Thackery :  Stay back! Seems like I've nicked the abdominal aorta. My peripheral vision seems to be dulling a bit. Almost... a vibration at the edges. Body temperature has begun to drop. This is it. This is all we are. Clamp that aorta, Bertie. Gallinger :  Suction. Clamped. Edwards : Lips are blue. Gallinger : Fingernails, too. Let's get him down. Pell :  No pulse. Gallinger : sh1t! Tube's in. Almost got it sewn. Anything? No. Come on, damn it. Where are you going? Come on. (men murmuring) Henry :  I read your letter on the train down from Newport. If that's what you want to do, it's your inheritance. And I'll gladly pitch in as well. No, you don't have to. I want to. It seems a noble cause. And it's only money, right? (chuckles) Thank you, Henry. With my eye likely gone, I'll need another vocation. Are there even any patients left on that ward? By all accounts, it was a failed experiment. It's worth further study. I owe him at least that. This is not the way the lady did it. How did she do it? I never look at her. Is that what you would prefer? I think so. How are you feeling? Not so good. I can't sleep. I could give you something. I don't want to sleep. I'm having bad dreams. Really? Tell me about them. (music playing) (Light instrumental music) 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 