Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x05 - They Capture the Heat - The Knick 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x05 - They Capture the Heat https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=473&t=23154 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 09/13/14 22:29 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x05 - They Capture the Heat 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 (feet shuffling) 
 (man groans) Man :  Right in here. Right this way, gentlemen. Bring him right in here. (groaning) Easy. Okay. (groaning) Oh, what happened to his face? What the hell do you think? Some son of a bitch took a cosh to it. He looks healthy enough. Bed rest and cold compresses is my professional prescription. Only cost you two bits. Pay at the door. The right leg, sawbones. Oh. (groaning) Ain't you supposed to wash your hands first? Are you telling me how to do my job? I've been practicing medicine since the war. And in all that time, I can tell you, I never had a single complaint from anyone that lived. For the love of Christ, boss, why don't we take him to the Knick? Because I don't want to be in debt to that crooked little sh1t Barrow. (groans) How bad is it? Not as bad as it might have been. The bullet broke the bone. Looks like it missed the big artery in there. Well, I suppose we might as well get started. If you gentlemen would take a firm hold of your friend. No! No! No! No! All right, that f*cking tears it. Find a telephone. (phone ringing) (clock ticking) Whoever the hell this is, go to hell. (groaning) (screams) Hey, I almost forgot. You owe me two bits for the consultation. Treatment comes with a free shave and a haircut. Bring your friend back around. If he lives. (footsteps) I hate for you to see me this way. Believe me, Mr. Mendieta, there's nothing to be ashamed of. Does it cause you a great deal of pain? (winces) It make it difficult to walk. Ah,  coño!  You can push it all you like, but it won't go back in. I'm sorry to tell you, you're suffering from an irreducible indirect, inguinal hernia. A weakness in your peritoneum has made it possible for tissue to insinuate its way into your scrotal sac. Do you... do you understand what I'm saying? I understand that you don't treat me like a man. Using all your big words while I stand here half-naked. My apologies. Why don't you get dressed and I'll explain what we have to do? Mendieta. Is that a Cuban name? Yes, I come here after the war. How do you make your living? With your back? No, I am  el tabaquero. I roll cigars. 100% Cuban tobacco. Thank you. No, no, I'll save it for later. Esta bien.  It's okay. Mr. Mendieta, the only treatment for your type of hernia is surgery. Please. (sighs) Unfortunately... I have yet to perform an operation in which the silk sutures... the sewing that reinforces the gut... hasn't failed. That's why, with your permission, Mr. Mendieta, I would like to perform your operation using a metallic wire like silver as a medical suture. And what happens to me if this surgery fails, too? You probably won't die, but it's possible that you will suffer intensely for the rest of your life. (laughs) Ah. They say... they say every cloud has a silver lining. And now Mendieta will have one, too. (laughs) (groaning) Right this way, gentlemen, please. Bunky Collier. This is one of Bunky Collier's pimps? It's his brother-in-law, in fact. Can you save the leg? What kind of business have you got with Bunky Collier? Can you save the leg or not? Edwards, what brings you here so early in the morning? Just trying to impress you, Dr. Thackery. Well, as long as you're here, scrub in. You'll be assisting me in surgery. Like hell he will. Who else is there? Gallinger? He doesn't have a telephone. But Dr. Chickering is on his way. He lives all the way uptown. Time is of the essence, Barrow. You want me to save the personage or not? Very well, gentlemen. Knuckle dragger. Excuse me? I assume you've read Darwin. (groaning) You're certainly taking your damn time about it. Ought to plug you in the leg. See how fast things move around here then. The doctors will begin shortly. In the meantime, I thought we might discuss the matter of compensation for my services. I told you in the carriage. I'll cut 500 from your debt if you don't lose the leg. Fair enough? Not fair at all, actually. 500 barely covers a few months' interest. (man groaning) Thank you, nurses. We'll take it from here. What the hell is that? What's that coon think he's doing down there? Barrow :  We're understaffed this early in the morning. I can assure you, Dr. Edwards will only be assisting in the surgery. Collier :  That black b*st*rd better not get too familiar with my man if he don't want to find himself hanging from a lamppost. (groaning stops) One thing more. If he loses that leg, I'll compensate you by shooting all three of you in the f*cking face. How's his pulse? Weak, but steady. Vacuum. (crank rattling) Christ, the bullet is lodged in the tunica. It's the only reason he hasn't already bled to death. Do you really think we'll be able to save this leg? I'm not even sure we can save the man. Tourniquet. We need to take the leg off now. It's already showing signs of necrosis. Thackery :  Can't get the broken bones to set. Edwards :  His pulse is eccentric. We need to amputate now. (tools clanking) (crunches) See, the sharp ends of the broken bones were preventing secure connection. Would you thread me up a length of catgut? See, the... funny thing about Darwin. You know, he wanted to be a doctor. Couldn't stand the sight of blood. Cornelia :  Has anyone else experienced symptoms of typhoid since the boys fell ill? Miss Carhart :  Not that I know of, Miss Robertson. Did the boys dine anywhere unusual lately? No. Have they had occasion to relieve themselves anywhere outside of here? An outhouse, say, or latrine? I beg your pardon? How many toilets you got in this joint anyway? You're welcome to count them. Are all the staff here today? All but three who were released last week. We needed fewer staff at the summer home. Cornelia :  Which three were released? Mr. Brock, the electric automobile driver, Miss Mallon and Miss Monroe, assistants to the cook. Do you have their addresses? If I do, they're in the household accounts. Do you handle much raw food this time of year? Some fruits and vegetables, of course. Ice cream? Oh, yes. Every day. Now, where are the lord and lady of the house this fine morning? Mrs. Cooke spent the night at the hospital with the boys and Mr. Cooke left word he was not to be disturbed. That ain't up to him. For all his money, he shouldn't think that he's immune to this disease. Unless, of course, he's got a servant who wipes his ass for him. Don't think for a moment he doesn't. Christ. It gets so humid in this town. It's all the tall buildings. They capture the heat. A pleasure, as always, Doctor. How's our personage? He's still bipedal. I'll take the drain out in 24 hours. If there's no pus within a week, he should make a complete recovery. So he will walk again? Oh, he'll be back to accommodating you at one of Collier's cathouses in no time at all. Still got a few minutes. Why don't you get cleaned up? For what? You haven't forgotten, have you? The Edison people are making their presentation at noon. (groans) It gives me great pleasure to present today the Edison X-ray photographic apparatus. Evelyn, if you'll be so kind. One places the photographic plate here while the patient's afflicted limb is then placed on top of that. (electricity humming) The X-ray tube is then activated. And the result is the X-ray photograph. A peerless tool for medical diagnosis. Those are actually the bones? They are, specifically of a 35-year-old woman. You can see the phalanges here. The proximal, the distal. And here where she fractured her second and third metacarpals. Sewing machine, I believe. It's incredible. It's the future. And what does the future cost these days? Thackery :  $3,000. Are you insane? Cornelia :  We've just spent the past hour discussing cost-cutting measures. And now you want to splurge on some sideshow attraction? You think that saving money by not laundering staff uniforms and charging them for meals as Mr. Barrow suggests  will suddenly bring back patients with money? In less than a year, I guarantee that the X-ray will be the new standard in diagnosis. For once, let us be ahead of the other hospitals. Habershorn :  The only way we're going to be able to afford this machine  is if the heavens open up and rain gold down on us. Short of that, we'll need to consider other options. Thackery :  What other options? Moving the Knick uptown to where all the money has gone. Our former donors will come back to us. We can become profitable again. The value of this building is only going down. The neighborhood continues to be overrun by the poor and unwashed. Cornelia :  Who need us. Practically every other hospital has fled uptown. Who will be left to care for them? We've given them more than their fair share. Even the monsignor won't find it hard to argue that we've held our charitable hand out much too long. Medical advice is as much a commodity as bread. And to give either one or the other to the unworthy is wrong. It encourages irresponsibility and reckless use of valuable resources. Now, I have a prime piece of grassland on 5th Avenue and 80th Street which... Thackery :  How will moving to the middle of nowhere help except to shorten your commute to these meetings? And how will living in a fantasy where bills don't need to be paid and expensive resources are tossed out to the impoverished like silver coins from a railroad man's carriage help either? It's nice in here. It is with you. (sighs) If I could, I would take you away. And go somewhere. Montreal, a beach in Carolina. Leave everyone behind. I'd go anywhere you told me to. I had the money, Junia. I tried. I try every day to get there. But I've made some mistakes. What sort of mistakes? I took money from my employer. I invested it with a Wall Street man that said it couldn't lose. Then it did. So I took more money and I tried to get it back. Then we had the drop of '98 and we all lost. All except for Harriman and Vanderbilt and his ilk. They always sail on through, rich as ever. Do you even know what I'm talking about? Not really. (urinating) Oh, Jesus Christ. Hello, Mr. Barrow. Officer. I come looking for a favor. Well, in here, four bucks will get you any favor you want. It's of a different nature. I want to propose a little business with Mr. Collier and I need a proper introducing. What makes you think I know this man Collier? I've seen you coming out of his place a new times. Been watching the door there for a while now. Well, I only go in there to get cigarillos for my wife. Well, that's very accommodating of them, making a 10-cent sale at 2:00 in the morning. (sighs) What'd you have in mind? We get a lot of girls off the street. Round them up and bring them in. Freelancers who hook for no one. I thought if I could convince a few of them to work for Mr. Collier, he protects them, gives them a good place like this to work and... Give you some money for bringing them in. It's good for everyone. It's a service to the girls and to Mr. Collier. I just need someone to vouch for me with the man. Tell Mr. Collier I'm on the level, no tricks. I thought since we knew each other from Mr. Speight and other dealings at your hospital, you might be inclined. And what would your boss, Big Bill Devery, think of your little scheme? He'd probably want a cut. So let's not ask. It's just I got more mouths to feed at home than he's willing to pay. Can you do me this favor, Mr. Barrow? Well, you see, Phinny, these things don't come free. Well, what do you know? Right on time. Punctuality is the politeness of cadence. Is that so? I'll have to remember that, Harry. Well, we shouldn't keep a paying customer waiting. Cleary :  And here is the patient herself. Say hello, Mrs. Sung. (speaking Mandarin) Excuse me, Mr. Cleary. Please, we change our minds and we must ask you please to leave. What are you talking about, leave? Your wife is here to have the procedure. My wife thinks now the procedure is contrary to the will of God. What do you know about the will of God? You're bloody heathens. We are Christians. We were converted at the Methodist school in Peking. And she's a f*cking Catholic nun. Cleary! There's not a higher authority in the land when it comes to matters of the f*cking catechism. God, f*cking Methodists. Would you get over with the nun? I'm just trying to ease her conscience a bit. (speaking Mandarin) There, look, she's all docile and ready for you. So, how shall we begin? You'll be wanting her to strip naked, I suppose. We'll begin with you leaving the premises at once. Can't I watch? Well, you can't object to me sitting in the kitchen. All right, all right. There's a saloon on the corner. I'll stand myself a growler. And can stand him one as well. (baby crying) Shh, shh, shh. How long has she been like this? Since you left this morning. Poor little thing. She brought up her breakfast and she hasn't stopped crying long enough to nurse since then. All right, shh, shh. Please put her on the table. (crying continues) We need to get Lillian to the Knick right away. What is it? Go the bedroom, get the baby's things. I'll call a carriage. What's the matter with her, Everett? I'll tell you in the carriage. No, tell me now. She's presenting the symptoms of meningitis. What is that? It's a viral infection of the brain, and a stiff neck is a common symptom. I just can't be certain. That's why we need to go to the hospital now. 
 
 Where's Mr. Sung? Oh, you're priceless, you know that? You didn't think I was really gonna bend an elbow with the yellow menace, did you? You got here quick. Foam's not even settled on my beer yet. I didn't go through with it. What the hell are you talking about, you didn't go through with it? She was seven months along. The child had quickened. f*ck does that mean? It means she could feel it kicking. Let that be a lesson to you. It would have been a sin. Stand me one of those. Not a very auspicious start to our partnership. I think you made the right choice frog-marching me out of there, though. No reason both of us should go to Sing Sing if the guard were to catch you red-handed,  so to speak. You're a real gent, Cleary. And let no man say otherwise. But the law says that anyone caught aiding or abetting abortion shall be punished in like manner as the principal offender. Made a study of law, have you? So should you if this is to be your only livelihood after the hospital closes. And who says the hospital is closing? The smart money is moving uptown. The Knick will have to do the same if it doesn't want to be shuttered. And there's nothing you nor I nor even the great John W. Thackery can do about it, no matter the miracles he's had to perform in the operating theater. And if the hospital moves uptown, will you go with it? I'll go wherever the Church sends me. Well, that's just peachy for you, Sister. But I'll have you know,  I'm a man what makes his own fate. There's nothing stopping Tom Cleary  from following the smart money, as you call it,  anywhere it may lead, and that includes uptown. (chuckles) You, my friend, aren't following anything smart. Not until you acquire some fine manners  and learn to drive a motorized car. And dress presentably. And f*cking shave. (laughs) Barring all that, we're stuck with each other. Sláinte. Sláinte. (clinks) (laughs) Saddle of lamb à la Colbert. Astonishing. I had the great pleasure to sample this very dish only last week. I believe it is Charles' specialty. Charles? Ranhoefer. The chef at Delmonico's. I wouldn't know. I haven't been to Delmonico's in years. No, I was speaking about this. The ability to see inside the human body without penetrating the flesh. You know, the first great fortunes that were amassed on this planet were a result of the material, the wealth that God put in and on the Earth... gold and copper, lumber, iron ore. But this,  this has demonstrated to me that the next great fortunes  will be a result of the immaterial. The unseen wealth buzzing all around us like electricity and X-rays. Mmm. So how much? $3,000 for a single machine. (laughs) See? They're already earning a fortune on the immaterial. (laughs) We'll discuss it over cigars. Oh, I thought I might see you here tonight, Robertson. Corky. Tell me, when was the last time you dined at Delmonico's? You wouldn't find a Vanderbilt dead at that place. It only attracts the riffraff. You know, I'm sorry to intrude, but I wanted to thank you for arranging the luncheon next week with the governor. Happy to oblige. To this day, I can't imagine what possessed the Panamanians to entrust that project to the French. Well, they built the Suez Canal. That was years ago. And what have we here? X-ray. This is an excellent device, this X-ray machine. I donated two of them to Manhattan Hospital. Well... enjoy your lamb. Chateau Lagrange. '84. (sniffs) (sniffs) You can have the machine. (humming) The hernial sac has been cut and the bowel is being reinserted into the peritoneum. Miss Odom. Please stitch the bottom layer as I showed you. Dr. Edwards, how did a man like you ever get his hands on something as expensive as silver wire? It wasn't that hard. Just don't ask to see my pocket watch. Miss Manx? Pulse is strong and steady. Mrs. Gamble. Another here with an emphasis on the stitching. (clicks) Girl, it's a crying shame all those pretty silver stitches is going to seal up that fat man. (laughs) (footsteps) Shh, shh, shh. (woman laughing) (kissing) You remembered to bring something, didn't you? What? French letter. I won't let you put it in me without wearing one. That's a matter of life and death. You're a nurse. You wouldn't refuse comfort to a dying man. At least take me someplace where I won't get coal dust on my knees. It's filthy down here. (footsteps departing) All right, ladies. Show's over. Back to work. (knocks) Boss, you ain't gonna believe this. Good evening. Roundsman Sears of the 19th Precinct, meet Bunky Collier. What the f*ck is this, Barrow? Some kind of threat? (chuckles) It's a business proposal. I do business with coppers all the time. The hell I need another one for? Well, Roundsman Sears is particularly well situated to supply you with your stock in trade. What's that? Cigars? Whores. The 19th Precinct is in the Tenderloin, ain't it? My boys can't walk down the sidewalk there, it's so crowded with whores. What have you got that they don't have? A uniform. You see, every day I arrest pretty young girls who are down on their luck. One look at a uniform alongside the threat of incarceration is all it requires for the tender young things to agree enthusiastically to any alternative I should happen to propose. What does this mutt get out of the deal? First of all, let me put your mind at ease. I looked in on your brother-in-law this evening and the doctors assure me he will make a full recovery. Don't think you're dipping your bucket into that well again. I'll take a flat fee deducted from my debt for every girl that Phinny recruits. Beginning with the two outside. Two, you say? What's your name? Millicent. I don't normally keep coons, but you have a nice figure. If a customer asks, tell him you're an octoroon, understand? What's your name? Alice. We ain't got an Alice, but we got a surfeit of blondes. So from now on, you're a redhead. The cost of the dye to be deducted from your pay. All right, girls, show me the goods. (sighs) You'll be provided with room and board on a weekly basis, which will also be deducted from your pay. Twice a month you'll be examined by a lady doctor, who will see that you are not sick or pregnant. Very nice. Thank you. My colleague Jimmy here will now test your level of enthusiasm. Always a pleasure. (piano playing) (muffled conversation) (knocking) Neely, what are you doing here? It's your mother. Tell me what happened. She's complained of pain in her lower back for the past few days. She's also been unable to urinate. Tonight the pain intensified, so my father asked me to fetch you. What the hell are you doing here? I was called here to treat this lady. Don't blame Dr. Thackery, Algie. The captain thought your presence would be a comfort to me. Mother, you have a pain in your back? Something terrible. It could be appendicitis. We need to get her the hospital now. She also has a swelling in the area of the right kidney. I think it's probably just cyst causing a blockage. I'm going to pop it. (screams) Edwards :  Stop! You could rupture her appendix and kill her. Nonsense. If she had appendicitis, she'd have a fever. (grunts) Oh! Oh! Oh! Well, something went. You gentlemen will have to excuse me now. I need to pay a visit to the privy. Thank you, Doctor. There's probably a little blood in the stream, but there's nothing to worry about. Doctor. (sighs) Is she gonna be all right? It was nothing serious. Oh, thank God. She just needs a day or two of bed rest. Her boy can look in on her. Thank you, Thack. I was just heading back to the club. Had to fold a hell of a hand to rush back here. I'll walk you out. Tell me, Thack, how is Cornelia? What do you mean? How is she doing at the Knick? Am I well represented by her? Or am I seen as a fool who can't say no to his little girl? Anyone who views her as a little girl does so at their own peril. You haven't really answered my question. You should be proud. In 10 years, she could be running the whole hospital. In 10 years, I expect to have a gaggle of grandchildren. I hope she understands that when she's married, she'll have other responsibilities to her husband. Does she know that? Because if not, it could be one hell of a conversation. (laughs) If you'd be willing to have it with her, I would be forever in your debt. You're already in my debt. Nicaragua. Yes. Hmm. Ah. Doesn't seem possible, but... feels hotter here than it ever did down there. It's all the buildings. Oh, is that so? They capture the heat. (baby cooing) How long have you been standing there? Only a moment. You look quite natural with children. I wanted to ask you, Nurse, if you've ever visited the Eden Musée before. The dime museum on 23rd Street? Mmm. No, I haven't. Well, they have a lovely winter garden that I feel like you would enjoy. You can have an ice cream and listen to music. I think I'd like the waxworks at the Chamber of Horrors. Do you enjoy being frightened? (laughs) I think it's delicious, so long as it's not really happening. Maybe we can go there one afternoon. Dr. Chickering, I need you. It's a previa case. I need a doctor to order the patient into surgery immediately. Mrs... Lefkowitz. Lefkowitz. Look up, please, Mrs. Lefkowitz. Great. Thank you. How long have you been in labor? Since 8:00 this morning. I just need you to order her into surgery. I'm not allowed to. You're wasting time, Bertie. (whimpering) Nurse Elkins, fetch Dr. Thackery. Tell him we have an extreme case of previa. (breathing heavily) Where's Gallinger? No one's seen him. Then tell Dr. Chickering he'll be assisting. (sink running) We ready? Patient all prepped? Of course. (clears throat) You look a tad rattled, Bertie. I wasn't eager to see another previa patient after Dr. Christiansen. Listen to me. Christiansen was brilliant, but he froze. You know, he lost his nerve. We won't. We make a bigger incision. We have the electric cauterizer which is faster. We can save this mother. We can save this child. We can do this. (clock ticking) How long? Bertie :  72 seconds. I don't think anybody could have done it faster. We did everything right. (baby crying) Did you hear about the Gallingers? Little Lillian's sick. Her head's at an unusual angle and there's a slight swelling of the forehead. We think it's meningitis. How the hell was she exposed to that? Everett had a patient with multiple rat bites. Just another Tuesday at the Knick. It's a beauty, isn't it? It's called a Rambler. First thing I did when I moved here, even before I found a place to stay, was to buy it. Comes in five colors. And you chose blue. I did. To match your eyes. I like riding in the city. Makes me feel like I'm part of it. I saw you on it this morning. You didn't look like you were part of anything. You looked free. I quite envied you that. Can you ride a bicycle? Is it like riding a horse? I can ride a horse. Not in the least. Then, no, I can't. Then let me teach you. (laughs) It's harder than it looks at first, but it's the easiest thing in the world. Hence the saying, it's as easy as falling off a bicycle. You're thinking too much. Why don't you try singing a song? It'll help distract you. A song? (humming, laughing) Turn to the side. You're falling. ♪ Boys and girls   together ♪ ♪ Me and Mamie O'Rourke ♪ 
♪ Boys and girls together ♪ 
♪ Boys and girls together ♪ (laughs) ♪ Me and Mamie O'Rourke ♪ 
♪ The light fantastic on the... ♪ You're a good teacher. You're a good student. ♪ East Side, West Side ♪ 
♪ All around the town ♪ 
 ♪ The tots sang... ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 