Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x04 - Where's the Dignity? - The Knick 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x04 - Where's the Dignity? https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=473&t=23153 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 09/06/14 05:39 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x04 - Where's the Dignity? 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 (people chatting) 
 Cleary :  Oh, come on. 
 Quinn :  Not your day there, Cleary. 
 Cleary :  All right, all right, all right. 
 Here's the deal... I get a bull's-eye and Quinn buys a round. 
 The day you get a bull's-eye, Cleary, is the day I suck off a horse. 
 (snickering) 
 All right, f*ck the pint. 
 You're on. 
 (men laughing) 
 Yeah! 
 Somebody find us a horny stallion! 
 Open up, Quinn. Come on, open up. 
 Come here. Hey, you forgot your hat. 
 (laughing) 
 He thought I was serious. 
 Weren't you? 
 I'd have let him go before the horse drizzled him good. 
 Here you go. 
 (music playing) 
 Doors. 
 Got it. 
 Mrs. Zygmunt. 
 I am Mr. Barrow, director of the Knickerbocker Hospital. 
 My deepest condolences. 
 He fought the good fight. 
 He was cremated? 
 But he purchased a cemetery plot only a few month ago. 
 It was his final wishes, which he stated to me just moments before his passing. 
 And out of respect for your grief, I've cut the cremation fee in half. 
 So we'll only be needing $5 before we release him to you. 
 You can waste your time scrubbing in if it suits you, but I told you your role is to talk Gallinger through the procedure, nothing more. 
 There will be no risk of ischemia, as you will not need to clamp the descending aorta. 
 Nurse Pell, pulse, please. 
 It's weak at 110. 
 Mm-hmm, that's the blockage. 
 Dr. Gallinger, locate a site above the weakened arterial wall of the aneurism that will be able to endure a small puncture and subsequent manipulation. 
 Should be good there. 
 Once you make your incision, blood will begin escaping the aorta. 
 Death by exsanguination is a risk, but once inserted correctly, the clotting properties of the galvanic wire will likely halt the danger. 
 All right, ready? 
 It's your mount. 
 What's next? 
 Edwards, what's next? 
 Edwards, the man is bleeding out. 
 Suction, Bertie. 
 Thackery :  Do you really have the courage to see this through? 
 And only taking the scalpel will do? Pell :  The pedal is more faint. Carotid is eccentric now. He'll break. He won't want a death on his head. Perhaps you'll break first, Everett. We don't have time for your nigger games. Thackery :  More suction, Bertie. Pell :  I've lost the pedal pulse. Thackery :  Water rises, air becomes scarce. Which man can survive the longest? Care to wager, Bertie? Bertie :  No, thank you. Very well. Take the knife. Now we have a show. We won't be needing this. We tried copper in Paris and it failed. An alloy with silver is preferable for proper conductivity and corrosion. You were gonna let us use the wrong wire? I never would have let you get that far without me. You roughen it to increase the conductivity? Seems to double the effectiveness. I'll now feed the wire through so that it coils in the aorta, making good contact with the aneurism. Bertie :  Pulse is weak. If he dies because of your horseshit, I am going to stab you in the throat with my father's Union Army sword. Union? I would have thought Confederate. Need the electrical terminals. Oh, allow me. The way things have been working so well around here electricity-wise, be my guest. 10 milliamperes, please. (electricity humming) Now. Careful you don't cook the man. The pedal pulse is back. Carotid is regular. The aneurism is beginning to clot and harden. Looks like it's Mr. Gatchell's lucky day. Bertie :  How long does he remain this way? For an hour to ensure the clotting is complete and the weak tissue has fully firmed up. Then clip the wire, stitch the incision, and close. So I suppose we won't be needing your expertise any longer. I suppose not. (Pell screams) Gallinger! Idiot. A surgeon needs his hands. Help him up. Everett, scrub out. Next time, kick the man instead. (men laugh) Right on time, Mr. Speight. Always. Even got myself a new tie for the occasion. It's very nice. Shall we call on her? This place is no big deal. I've seen nicer. After you, miss. Servant :  Miss Cornelia Robertson and Mr. Jacob Speight of the New York City Health Department. You're a mister, mister. I'm Inspector Speight. Cornelia, dear. I'm so sorry about Daniel. He was a good man. The finest. But I hear Cora is doing a bit better. Yes, I was there this morning. The doctors are feeling optimistic after the surgery. Well, that is good news. Yes. Inspector. If you don't mind, I'll not shake your hand owing to the disease and not knowing your hygiene habits. You owe Mrs. Hemming an apology. Miss Robertson, every human being has bowels and every one of them evacuates those bowels. It's how God made all of us no matter who. What He didn't guarantee is that everyone would wash their hands after doing so. It's how the fever found its way into this house just like any other. No offense meant. Would you care to sit down? Oh, thank you. (grunts) You need something? I was speaking with Mrs. Alford. She was concerned that you hadn't been by to check on her. I have sent Dr. Chickering. He's kept me informed. She believes you're avoiding her. I'm doing no such thing. It's simple protocol. She said that? That I'm avoiding her? In so many words. (slurping) You seem to be enjoying the coffee. It's mighty good. It's prepared Turkish style. The best. Speight :  It certainly is. Cornelia :  No fear of disease there? The boiling keeps it safe. Well, shall we get on with it? I'm happy to help in whatever way I can. (sighs) Your husband and daughter took ill at the same time or staggered-like? First Daniel in the evening, then by the next morning, Cora as well. Had your husband been away recently? Perhaps travelling? Not recently. What about at his place of work? He doesn't work. Didn't, I should say. What about lady friends? I have many. I meant your husband. Were you aware of anything he had going on on the side? Inspector! You want the truffles,  you need the pig to get his nose a little dirty. Cornelia :  Perhaps the pig can at least try to be less of a swine. Speight :  I'll do my best. So, Mrs. Hemming, would you say your husband was... He was. Hmm, I'm sure. And how many on staff? Approximately 15. A few come and go. We add on extras part-time. Cooks, maids, as we need them. Some come to our summer house with us, others stay behind and keep this house ready for our return. Peach melba? You make your own ice cream? I've never seen it outside a confectionary store. Would you care for some, Inspector? It was Daniel and Cora's favorite. But it's not cooked. Are you sure you're willing to risk it? You're right, Miss Robertson. I really did forget myself that time. Back to the issue. So, Mrs. Hemming, I'll need to ask you about your toilet rituals. Thackery :  "By the shores of Gitche Gumee, by the shining Big-Sea-Water..." (man laughing) "...stood the wigwam of Nokomis, Daughter of the Moon, Nokomis." I love the hand gestures. This is how I was taught it in third grade elocution class. Abigail :  I'm sure you were the most adorable one. I was. Christiansen :  Come on, come on. "Dark behind it rose the forest. Rose the dark and gloomy pine trees. Rose the fir with leaves upon them"... Cones upon them. (men laughing) He was so close. Christiansen :  That's two bottles you owe me, Thackery the Wise. No, three. Three? How? For the appendix. Thackery :  Which part? The removal part or the location part. Christiansen :  The removal part. Thackery :  Oh, the part that no one has survived yet. Christiansen :  When I prove that the appendix can be removed  and the patient can live, we shall make history and I shall get my third bottle. (laughing) But how can you remove it if you can't find it? (laughing) Thackery :  Hey, you know what? I think we should get out of here. Christiansen :  You're turning in? Thackery :  No, no, no. There's a 100 parties in the city tonight. Let's go out and have some more drinks. John, maybe we should just, you know, say good night. Thackery : Nonsense. Jules, you up for more Christmas cheer? Christiansen :  You buy the booze, I'll cheer all night long. John. John, don't. What is it? What's the matter? It's been such a pleasant evening. Let's just stay here. Abby, come on. We're just gonna have a bit more fun. You always want more. I always want more of you. ♪ Isn't it a knobby one? It's just the proper style. ♪ Merry Christmas, everyone! ♪ King Wenceslas looked out... ♪ Ho, ho, ho! I just came by to check on you. Is it because you saw me raising my hand? Oh, what is the steam for? It's infused with mercury. It's to help with those headaches you've been getting. Thank you, Nurse. It looks good. The flap is vibrant. I can see some healing already. Looks like it'll be a healthy attachment. Don't be so serious, John. It doesn't suit you. And it makes me as uncomfortable as it makes you. Sit, please. This good attitude will be very helpful over the next few weeks. And the next few decades. Usually I'm the one putting my patients at ease. But I'm not just any patient. No, you're not. I know this isn't easy for you. I told you, I'm very used to this condition. Of course. You could have gone to any one of a dozen surgeons in this city. But I chose to see you. And that wasn't fair. Oh, we're well beyond what's fair. There's nothing about what's happened to you that's fair. I suppose I came because I... I wanted to remember what it was like before. Everything... stretched out in front of us. I should have chosen you, despite the madness that would have come. I wish that were true, but it's not. You made the right choice in leaving me. You just did it with the wrong man. Abigail :  We were something, weren't we? Alive and beautiful. Thackery :  We were spectacular. See? Back in no time. No emergencies. And I was able to get my wife's dresser to her mother's without incident. Your wife's dresser? My wife's dresser. Well, I'll just leave 'em hitched up in case the missus has any more furniture she needs moved. Now, that would be advisable. Mr. Cleary. I need a moment. That's all it usually takes me. (laughs) I want to know what you've been on about these past days. The smirks, the comments, lurking around. You never paid me any heed before, Sister. Besides, perhaps I'm just taking the piss. It stops now, Cleary, or I won't hesitate to take it up with Mr. Barrow and your employment will be terminated. (laughs) That's a funny word to use. Terminated. You'll stop your shenanigans, is that understood? I'll do as I please. It's you who'll do all the understanding. See, I know about you... the mothers, the babies, the abortions. Maggie Dell, Jana Krupp,  the Kupferschmidt girl above the cobbler on Ludlow. I've seen you with all of them. (grunts) (thuds) Cleary... Thomas... Don't. You are what you are. You defy God and you kill His creations. And you stand there looking down on dirty old Cleary. Well, old Cleary's got it in store for you. You see, a girl could hang for killing babies. And if the bishop knew what you were doing, you'd be up to your arse in it there, too. You'd do that to me? Are you that cruel? If need be. You see, there is money to be made here, Sister, and I don't intend to leave it for anyone else. From now on, you'll split your earnings. 60-40 tilted my way. I can't. I won't. You can 'cause you already did. Anything to conclude? Hardly. I need to come back, interview the help, talk to some of the sick families and their staff. We need to get a full picture of this if we're gonna get to the bottom of it. Fine, I'll arrange it with Mrs. Hemming and the others. Think I can get a lift downtown? No. Good day. That's okay. I need to root around their garbage anyway. Evening, son. Evening. You here to get Cornelia? No. I came to fetch you for a dinner the Robertsons are having tonight for Cornelia and Phillip, her fiancé. The captain asked for you personal. I just had to see it with my own eyes. My boy, a doctor at the Knick. Ain't that something? You should have come in and seen it from the inside. I'm okay out here. So, boy, you save anyone's life today? (chuckles) Actually, I did. Not that any of them were very happy about it. If all you got is that shiner, then it's a good trade. Any others or you the only one? Only one in a white hospital in the whole city, I think. Can't be others till there's one. Used to be a great old building. Neighborhood, too. Captain Robertson lived down here. And Vanderbilt. Now they've gone uptown and it's all them from who knows where down here. People just leaving it to 'em. Taking our work and making a mess of the place. Good evening, ladies. Is that him? Mm-hmm. That's him. Is he really that good? He really is. But I think I might be better. Lucy :  Dr. Thackery. Dr. Thackery. Thank you for coming to see Mrs. Alford. You think I did it for you? No. Of course not. I just know it meant a lot to her. She was my patient and I was checking on her, that's all. Good evening, Nurse Elkins. Chinatown. Mott and Canal. Bertie : Then Everett just socked him in the eye. What did the Negro doctor do? Nothing. He just got up and kept operating. Dr. Thackery didn't get mad? No. No, I actually think Thackery enjoyed it. Did any rub off? Any what? Any of his color. Clara. Clara :  Edith Dutson said it can happen. Bertie :  Right, well, Edith Dutson and her whole family also believe that Jesus Christ came to America. 
 
 Ahem. Good evening, Father. Why don't you and your sister wash up for dinner? Well, it's your turn after dinner. It's okay. I think you're cheating anyway. So how was work today? Was that asylum true to form? No, nothing eventful happened that I can recall. Jesse, how many times I tell you, do not come into my kitchen with them boots on? I do not need manure all over the floor. Does that go for me as well? (laughs) Algie! My boy. Oh, what... what is this on your face? The boy saved a life today. Well, since when is that news? Though he could get on a telephone and let us know what he's up to now and then instead of just coming by once in a while. The captain has two of them in the house now. One upstairs and one downstairs, so somebody can always hear it ringing. I've been busy. So busy that you can only come when you get a formal invitation, but not to see his lonely mama. Lonely? Jesse, please. Them horses the one get all your attention. Their feet need tending to. And mine don't? (people chatting) August :  Algie! (laughs) I am so happy you could make it. I appreciate the invitation. We're throwing this little welcome-back for Phillip and I wanted you to meet him. You're the last of us to give him final approval. I don't think you've met Hobart Showalter, Cornelia's future father-in-law. A pleasure, Mr. Showalter. The captain speaks very highly of you. Says you're a gifted surgeon. That is very generous. There's no need for modesty, Algernon. You will never meet a Negro with as much ability and ingenuity as this one. And you let me know if I need to help you with Thackery. Hobart's in rubber. Has plantations down in Ecuador. Booming business? Beyond belief. He's agreed to finance my expansion. I have no doubt the rewards will be worth any risk. Ecuador. I hear the jungles down there can be quite treacherous. Don't believe it. The natives are like children... docile, obedient, and they work for wages so small that even August here couldn't quarrel with it. (all laugh) Yeah, free labor can certainly change the equation. History has shown us that. It built the pyramids. Among other things. Now, Hobart was saying that he has seen an increase in demand for rubber in the medical field. Some interesting new companies. A lot of opportunities for a clever man with greater ambitions. It's something you should want to look into. I should indeed. (woman speaking Chinese) (woman laughing) You want to join us? I'll set you up with a  yen tsiang. Jade bowl. Beautiful pipe. (woman laughing) And since our meeting at the Hemmings', the health inspector's uncovered three more cases with typhoid. All uptown? Yes. There's another group of cases down in the Orchard Street tenements, but Mr. Speight's not sure if they're related. I hope you won't be conducting any interviews with those people. Those people are 90% of the patients in the Knick, Mother. Cornelia. Last fall Gloria Ellis and several others took a walking tour of the poor neighborhoods. The Jewish quarter. The Tenderloin. They had to toss their shoes before getting back in their carriages because they were covered in the most disgusting sludge. And in my neighborhood, we call that sludge the poor man's shoe polish. Evening, Mrs. Robertson. Cornelia. Phillip, I'd like you to meet... Dr. Edwards. What gave me away? Victoria :  Are you here to see your mother? She's in the back. Actually, Captain Robertson sent me a personal invitation for the evening. Oh, of course he did, and we are delighted that you accepted. Would you excuse me for a moment? Phillip just arrived back from San Francisco yesterday. Yes, your father was telling me. So, are you back for good, then? For now. Sometime after the wedding, Cornelia and I will head out that way again. Neely... you haven't mentioned a move west. That's because this is news to me. Your father wants someone there on a more permanent basis. I know the territory better than anyone. Getting Cornelia out of New York, you will need all the help you can get. (Phillip chuckles) Well, San Francisco is a great city. In many ways, more progressive than New York. I shouldn't say that too loudly in here. Captain, if you will, when I point to you, please speak into the horn. With pleasure, Mr. Edison. (chuckles) This is Captain August Robertson. I am happy to demonstrate this machine. How fortunate we are (laughs) Very good. You all right? Just a little surprised by Phillip's announcement. Cornelia :  San Francisco? Might as well be Neptune. We can always send you some of your father's wax recordings if you get lonely for home. Recording :  This is Captain August Robertson. Oh! (laughs) (laughing) Bravo! Bravo! (laughs) ...to be living in these times. Oh, listen to that. (applause) Oh, that's marvelous. Well done, Mr. Edison. Well done. Thank you. Thank you all. Ha! Marvelous. Let's do another. Okay. Edwards :  Hobarth Showalter tells me your company has made great strides with suction. Man :  Vacuuming. An electric method to suction. (whirring) How is it with liquids? What kind? Blood, specifically. Blood? For surgical purposes. Can it vacuum blood without being too forceful? We could adjust the power and make a bag with a rubber bladder to hold the contents. You'd need to clean the works with regularity, but it can be easily done. May I? How much do you want for it? Atmen. (coughs, breathes deeply) I'm starting to pick some of it up. You always said Latin and Greek were the most important languages for a physician to learn. Turns out it's actually something called Yiddish. (coughing) Atmen. (breathes deeply) Her lungs are full. Fever. Likely pneumonia. Doesn't look like tuberculosis. When it gets this busy, we have to prioritize. Two means she's a secondary emergency. (coughs) Danke schoen. Hmm. What does he look like to you? Dead. (doors open) Man :  We're needing some help! (groaning) Help! He don't need a shoeshine. He needs a doctor. My neck's all froze. How long have you been this way? (groans) He's seizing. Get him down, Bertie. Get him down. Try to turn his neck. Fingers away from his mouth. Don't come in contact with any liquids if you can help it. He knows. Fever, convulsions, disorientation, his body is bowed and the neck. It's two of the Kernig's signs. It's meningitis. Dead on. What are these? Man :  Rat bites. He was baiting rats in the ring. Stomped on a big one and lost his footing in the mush. They started biting the shite out of him. I'm gonna guess there's no chalk marking for that. Let's sit you up. (groans) Oh, sh1t. What is that? Cantharidin. Spanish fly. Form a blister, a counterirritant to help you with effusion. If his fever goes up, put the ice bladders on him all night. Continue with a tincture of three drops of veratrum viride every hour until his skin becomes moist or he complains of nausea. I'm going home, but I'll be back first thing to check on him this morning. What do you think you're doing? Edwards :  I'm reading his chart. Surely there's no harm in that. There's harm in everything you do. You want to take another swing at me? I'm ready this time. Hmm? Any chance of finding a home for her? For babies it's easier, but girls are less in demand. I'll file the birth certificate. And she'll need a name. Perhaps Matilda. Tilly for short. I see her more as an Elisha from the Book of Luke. The Bible really took my Tilly suggestion right out at the knees. (laughs) We'll need to purchase more bassinets and perhaps another pram or two. Church fund? The Knick's social welfare office account. You did have the privilege of naming her. Very well. My office will pay. But her middle name is now Grace. You ladies certainly do enjoy playing with babies. Yes, that's all we do around here. Just play with babies. (chuckles) I'm home. Eleanor :  Good evening, darling. How was your day? Not as bad as yesterday. Did Dr. Edwards apologize for his trickery with your patient in the operating room? Far from it. It only seems to have emboldened him. Started looking over my shoulder, checking my work like a schoolmarm. The smug b*st*rd. Everett! Lillian can't understand. Come here, sweetie. Hello. What are you going to do about him? Hold my ground. Only be a matter of time before Edwards gets tired Let's just hope Thackery continues to feel the same way. Not to worry. Thack is fully on my side. He knows who's right and who's wrong here. The orderlies have a nickname for Edwards. They've taken to calling him Dr. Darkie. (laughs) That's terrible. But funny. Supper will be ready shortly if you'd like to wash up. In a minute. Hi. Hi. (muttering) (knocks) Ambulance! Miss? What seems to be the problem? (whimpering) Shall we go for a little ride? Oh, dear. What have you done? Get up there. Nice and easy. Nice and easy. (siren wailing) (speaking Slovak) All right. All right, I am not a f*cking doctor. I'm taking you to a doctor, all right? Pouncey, pick up the f*cking pace! (siren wailing) I want her unconscious now, Bertie. Cut through the clothes. Prep the pubis and the abdomen. And summon Sister Harriet. I'm here. What do we have? Thackery :  It can only be one of two things. Too much blood. That's no miscarriage. We've got to get in there now. Thackery :  She under, Bertie? Almost. Scalpel, Lucy. You were here first. She's yours. She's out. Retractor. Oh, it's a sea of red. Suction wand. Thackery :  I can't find where this is coming from. Harriet :  Most likely the left lateral. Search the left uterine wall. Thackery :  Cauterizer. There it is. Clamps. Clamps. Lots of clamps. She's split wide. How did you know? Most people are right-handed. So whatever she put up there, the angle would likely mean she'd perforate the opposite side. She did this to herself? She didn't want to be with child. She's arresting. She won't survive. Not a chance. I have no pulse. (clock ticking) Keep on the wound. Scalpel. What are you going to do? I'm going to try something I've been considering. I have a pulse. That's me, Bertie. I'm pumping her heart. See? I've stopped. Nothing. Bertie :  Now I have a pulse. Thackery :  It's me again. Thackery :  Now? Bertie :  Nothing. Her heart won't take back up again. Her lungs won't cooperate. She's gone. Harriet :  What a terrible waste. Come here, Bertie. Give it a try. At least we can salvage something from the misery. Just push through and when you feel her heart,  just squeeze it gently. I have a pulse. We'll find a use for it. Ahem. Quite a day. I'm sure some of what you saw was shocking. It was nothing of the sort. I started in a place that makes your benighted Knickerbocker look like a utopia. I will myself to remember it with crystal clarity so that I will never choose any course in my life that would bring me back to that horrible place. I climbed out of there so that you could have options that I only dreamed of. And I choose the Knick. For what? Romance? The idea that there's some sort of nobility in poverty, in the struggle? Believe me, there is no such thing. There is only poverty in poverty and struggle in struggle. And one day you'll wake up and realize that and it'll be too late. Thackery is doing things no other surgeon is doing. And with good reason. How he defiled that girl. He's a showman, nothing more. All Thackery wants is a goo-goo-eyed puppy, and he has that in you. How he treats you. How they all do. It was sickening to watch them. You not only allow them to call you Bertie, you encourage it. They mean it with affection. They mean it with scorn. You are a physician. And my son. And you should be addressed at all times as Dr. Bertram Chickering Jr. Nothing less ever. Dr. Edwards. Mr. Barrow. Terrible shame about the young lady. Yes, it was unfortunate. (sighs) Well, I'm going to make sure proper arrangements are being made. Yes, and I am heading to my office to gather my things. Mmm. Well, good evening. And you. Awful, isn't it? Number 11 is mine. I don't know what you mean. Do you have any idea what the going price is for a fresh body these days? We can split it if you like. (sighs) f*ck it. Harry. Let's go for a ride. I need you. You ever been down here before? No. My first job off the boat was doing what these fellas are doing. Standing in a hole all day shoveling the dirt out, rain, shine, frozen ground, not giving a sh1t there were bodies in them boxes. Just get the job done fast so you don't lose a wage. Used to be all Irishmen digging. Now it's Polacks. Where do they bury you nuns? In one of the church cemeteries. I'm sure it's quite a to-do. Religious folk, family, all coming to say their last. She ain't got no one but us. The girl had no family? Landlord said she came over alone. Russia or someplace. Didn't even know her last name. Getting her rent money, that was good enough. There's a whole family somewhere thinks their girl's alive and well in America. Shame. This whole place is full of shames like her. All coming here hoping to Christ the stories they heard is true. Thinking that every f*cking plonker who steps off the dock trips dead into a bucket of money. But then you get here and it ain't that. And if you ain't strong enough, this city will bugger you 18 different ways and leave you to rot. Where's the f*cking dignity? Today wasn't an easy day. I have seen some crazy, bad sh1t, Sister. Set it down easy. Set it down easy. But the look in that girl's eyes, the terror, that was too much even for me. Now you know why I do what I do for these girls. Don't go justifying your baby murdering. I still don't like it. But I won't see another girl bleeding to death and winding up here. So how's about this... I find the girls needing services and you do the job on them, good and safe. Still a 60-40 split in your favor? It's fair play. How's I see it, you got a far better chance of meeting Saint Peter than I'll ever have. I'll need the extra to live good down here before I head wherever I'm going. She was clutching hard to this saint around her neck when we picked her up. She must have been a believer. Or at least today she was. Theodore the Black. He became a monk at the end of his life and repented his wicked ways. If there was hope for him... Afraid not, Harry. Even so, would you like to say something or should I? You and I both know it'd be hypocritical coming from me. Do her more harm than good. Hey, you boys want to f*ck away off? The sister wants to say a prayer. Give her some smart words to go on her way. O God, by Your mercy, rest is given to the souls of the faithful. Be pleased to bless this grave. Appoint Your holy angels to guard it and set free from all the chains of sin the soul of her whose body is buried here. So with all Thy saints she may rejoice in Thee forever. Through Christ our Lord, Amen. Right. Good night, Nurse Elkins. 467 Mott Street. (theme music playing) 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 