Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x02 - You're No Rose - The Knick 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x02 - You're No Rose https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=473&t=23292 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/24/15 08:40 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x02 - You're No Rose 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Bertie :  "It wasn't difficult to gain entry into one of these private institutions.  I merely listed a series of symptoms of alcohol abuse I had read in a medical manual. Upon hearing I could afford my stay, the hospital was more than willing to admit me. Once inside, I felt like Lewis Carroll's Alice on the other side of the looking glass. What was done to the patients one could hardly define as treatment." 
 Do you think this could be Cromartie where Thackery is? 
 Well, there are... Listen to this. 
 "The doctors would routinely do what was known in the halls as quieting, drugging the patients into a lethargic stupor." 
 The reporter, did he take the drugs? 
 I don't know. 
 The article was actually written by a woman. 
 Genevieve Everidge. 
 Look. 
 Are we going to let them back? 
 Well... it may not be up to us. 
 Report from Cromartie is that you walked away. 
 No, no, no, it turned out to be a dangerously run facility. 
 I managed to escape thanks to Dr. Gallinger. 
 And your time with him has cured you? 
 I'm here because I'm well again. 
 I haven't taken any cocaine for some time and the heroin drug that they treated me with is completely gone from my system. 
 He's back. 
 What? Where? 
 I need to be busy again, to work, and I am confident in my ability to do so. 
 Well, I for one am not. 
 Nor am I. You'll have to be monitored. 
 Monitored? How? 
 You'll need approval for any degenerate medications you take out of the dispensary. 
 And we'll assign someone to look at your skin  to be sure there are no signs of injection of any kind. 
 Oh, good. For a moment there, I thought it would be something humiliating. 
 You started this by humiliating this hospital. 
 And yourself. So let's call it insurance. 
 And it's not negotiable. 
 And this is after everything? 
 Damn it, Thack. 
 That debt was paid long ago and you know it. 
 This is your catastrophe. 
 Henry :  Dr. Thackery,  we are doing this because we want you to succeed. 
 We're all better off when you have a scalpel in your hand. 
 I don't plan on doing much surgery. 
 August :  Oh, for God's sakes. 
 What do you plan on doing with your time? 
 I want to do some research into what causes addiction. 
 (scoffs) 
 What we're banking on is your reputation as a surgeon. 
 Your towering stature can help us finance the new Knick. 
 The donors want to see you performing magic in the surgical theater,  not you hunched over some microscope. 
 That's a waste of your time at that. 
 I don't see how excessive use of narcotics is worthy of scientific study. 
 Thackery :  Because it needs to be cured  and it should be treated like any other disease. 
 Addiction a disease? 
 I've never heard of anything so absurd. 
 Addiction is a failure of personal morality. 
 I'd like to test that theory. 
 I'd happily inject you with cocaine and heroin for a week and see if your morals and character is still intact. 
 I think everyone here would agree that's an insane suggestion. 
 Indeed. 
 I'd like to see it. 
 August : Henry. 
 Habershorn :  Call it a disease if you wish,  but it's still the disease of indigents and lowlifes,  present company excluded, Doctor. 
 It bedevils the rich and the poor alike. 
 I've certainly seen my fair share of soused heirs and addicted heiresses. 
 Thackery :  Cromartie was full of them. 
 If I can find a cure, then the new Knickerbocker will become the leading hospital in treating the epidemic and we can charge handsomely for that treatment. 
 If we did decide to go with your plan, how would you go about finding this addiction cure? 
 I have no idea. 
 (men laugh) 
 I'm terribly sorry, okay? We're gonna make this up to you. 
 We're gonna get you all fixed up, okay? I'm terribly sorry. 
 We're supposed to bring people to the hospital, not send them there. 
 Jesus Christ. 
 Tom. 
 Tom! 
 We got a problem. 
 This thing came off and knocked some lady in the head. 
 Knocked her out cold. Her husband's real pissed off. 
 I don't give a f*ck about them. 
 Get it fixed before this guy meets his maker. 
 I guess old Cleary hasn't read the legend of John Henry. 
 f*ck off, Pete. 
 That the stabbing from up on 23rd Street? 
 f*ck off, Pete! 
 We'll have this fixed in a jiff and be on our way. 
 Which way does it go? 
 Are you f*cking serious? 
 I've never done it before. 
 Take him. 
 Pete : All right, let's load her up. 
 Sure thing, gentlemen. Thanks, Cleary. 
 (footsteps approaching) 
 I was so worried about you. 
 I've been sick about it. 
 Praying every night. 
 And then you went missing and I thought I'd never see you again. 
 I needed to get better. 
 Are you? 
 I am. 
 What's wrong? 
 John. 
 I love you. 
 And you love me. 
 I know you do. 
 You said it to me. 
 I said and did a great many things that I shouldn't have. 
 Lucy... we can't be together. 
 (crying) 
 Don't say that. 
 You love me. 
 We just need time together. 
 Look. Listen, listen. Listen. 
 You are young and beautiful and there is so much possibility in you. 
 (crying) 
 Look, if we end things now, few people will be any the wiser and you can start anew. 
 I don't want to start anew. 
 I want to continue on. 
 No, look. 
 It's the only way this can be. 
 No! No! 
 Lucy. 
 No. No. 
 I think you should go. 
 I can't. 
 (sobbing) 
 I was sent here by Mr. Barrow... to check you for needle marks. 
 To map them. 
 He thought a colleague would be too humiliating, so... 
 'Cause I know all your hiding places. 
 Thank you, James. 
 Henry :  Ahoy, Neely Doll! 
 (both laughing) 
 Dad told me you bought one of those things. 
 It's miraculous. 
 Oh, careful you don't get electrocuted. 
 It's how they're gonna run the subways when they're built. 
 Really? 
 Mmm. 
 I wish I had known you were coming. 
 I'd have given you a ride. 
 I didn't know myself until this morning. 
 My in-laws sat me down last night and told me I must decide how to keep the Showalter name in the society pages. 
 Eunice wanted me to join her art patrons' group or do something with the new libraries. 
 Sounds dreadful. 
 You want me to talk to Phillip? 
 No. 
 I owe it to him to do my best. 
 He was so sad about leaving San Francisco. 
 Besides, I've decided I'm going to help organize the fundraising ball for the new Knick. 
 So at least I'll be back at my old stomping grounds. 
 Why are these charts different? 
 It's a new system. 
 It's confusing. 
 It's easier to read for most people. 
 Even an orderly can be aware of a patient's condition. 
 I agree with Gallinger. What is that, Latin? 
 Mr. Watt here suffered from a severe ear infection. 
 The buildup of fluid eventually caused his eardrum to burst. 
 In order to restore his hearing and relieve his pain, he's been scheduled for a tympanoplasty tomorrow. 
 Well, you're familiar with the procedure. 
 You perform it. 
 Actually... 
 I think Dr. Gallinger would be a better choice. 
 It's time I begin relinquishing patients. 
 Dr. Gallinger's been out of the operating room for a while. 
 This would be a good procedure on which to resharpen his skills. 
 Very well. 
 Gallinger, he's your patient. 
 I assure you, my skills haven't dulled, but I'll take him. 
 You all right, Edwards? 
 Just surprised to see you back. 
 I wasn't expecting it. 
 I'm sure you weren't. 
 Well, now that I'm back, let's put things right again. 
 You can start by rewriting all of these charts the correct way. 
 The orderlies don't need to be aware of the patient's condition, but I do. 
 It's had a few mechanical difficulties, I'll admit, but we're talking about a very sophisticated invention. 
 Yes, if it was any more sophisticated, it would never have run at all. 
 I paid you for a working ambulance and now we're back to using the damn horses. 
 It's temporary. 
 She's with a mechanic right now. 
 I'm going down this afternoon to collect her. 
 She'll be right as rain and better than new. 
 Fine, but any more problems and I will terminate this arrangement. 
 Now, on the subject of our arrangement. 
 I know it's a few more weeks until the next payment, but I was hoping you'd be white enough to advance me the money today. 
 Pay the mechanic's bill and all. 
 No. 
 Oh, for f*ck's sake, Barrow. 
 The sooner I get my money, you sooner you get your cake. 
 I will happily wait. 
 Oh, dear God. 
 Ahem. 
 Nurse Elkins. 
 I need your assistance. 
 What with? 
 Something that further relies on your talent for discretion and your stomach for the less savory. 
 Ahem. 
 Hello, everyone. 
 Ahem. 
 Hello, my dear. 
 You're looking very beautiful. 
 (whispers) What's he doing here? 
 You know him? 
 Of course. Through your... association with Dr. Thackery. 
 But we have our own relationship, don't we? 
 Barrow :  Uh, Nurse Elkins, we are starting  a new philanthropic endeavor here at the hospital. 
 These unfortunate women are in need of regular medical attention. 
 And as a service to the community, we are going to provide it to them. 
 I take it we won't be registering any of these patients. 
 As I said, your talent for discretion will come in handy. 
 Now, should anything need further examination, it should be brought to my attention and I will somehow find a doctor to take over. 
 Right down this hall. Thank you. 
 Ah, there you are, Herman. They said you'd come down this way. 
 Oh, my. 
 Barrow :  Dr. Mays. 
 I was just explaining a new... And you're helping these poor girls? We are. Terribly sad situation. But Nurse Elkins has everything under control. Perhaps I could lend a hand. I cared for a great number of women in my practice. Of course, none as lovely as these. We're really just organizing it now. Uh, who's first? How about you? Forgive me, my hands are cold, but my heart is yours, hmm? Hop up on the table, dear. I think we have everything under control. And they need their privacy. Don't we all. What are those? So she can put her legs up. Oh, ridiculous. She can just rest them over my shoulders. I'll get some swabs for you. That's not necessary. Then how will you culture them? A good nose and a pair of eyes are all a doctor needs to know what he's dealing with. (sniffs) Now, let's get that coat off, shall we? So what do we do now? You can't believe he's competent after everything you've heard. How could he be? He'll just tear down anything you've built here. The madness, the inefficiency, his circus tent, it will all come roaring back. And Gallinger with it. Effie : I'm so glad that you've decided to join us. Having a Showalter among us will do wonders for bringing the other ladies along. Most of them haven't had the benefit of being raised in an atmosphere of refinement like you and I. Well, everyone seems to be very enthusiastic, Mrs. Barrow. Well, they understand how important our work is. Vitally. Bertie. Excuse me. It's good to see you. I had heard you returned to New York. My ears were ringing. Who told you? Dr. Edwards. I've missed this place terribly. Well, then you're back in an employment capacity? No, only to plan a party, but at least it keeps me close to the excitement. Oh, I assumed you were back because of Inspector Speight. I recall you and he were close when you worked together. What are you talking about? He was found washed up dead on the banks of the East River. My God. When? Just a few days ago. (exhales) (footsteps approaching) Bertie the Wise. It's good to see you again. I'm just trying to set things up. You've been briefed on my new line of research? I hope you're up for another long... I've come to tender my resignation. Look, I know you and I had a rough go at the end there, but there's no need to make an abrupt decision now. This is actually the least abrupt way I can do this. Look, I was impaired. You know, the drugs made me do things I would never have done otherwise. And I believe they made you more your true self. You sound like your father talking. I'm not sure if you're aware, but I actually loved her. And she's free of me. You know, the circle of people who know about our past is miniscule. If you can see beyond it... You are no more sane than before. Don't get confused by some puritanical notion of womanhood. You know, virginity is a man's idea meant to shame. Regardless of what she's done with me, she's no less pure than she was the day she got here. She's now less pure than when I walked into this room. You didn't know? I suppose the circle was even more miniscule than you realized. (door slams) Karwoski :  This wood here very, very strong. But is it the best? The best? There's better, but very expensive. The hospital wants only the best. Wood that is as strong as the steel we'll use for the structure. It's farther away from Catskills. Have to have more men, more horse. This wood almost good. Many, many buildings use. I am not interested in a bargain, Mr. Karwoski. How do I make this plain enough for you? You bring us the most expensive wood, and then you get to bill us for more. Ah. Yes. Because this hospital will be here long time. Ah, no. Because I only get the one chance to skim off the building of it. So I am still giving you back 20%? Yes, yes, but you profit more in the end. And so do I. You see? I think so. Yes. Good. Good. I throw in nails for free because you are premium customer. No. You charge us for those, too. You charge us for everything. All right? Yes. Good. Good. (laughs) Oh, Polacks. Cleary :  Your prayers have been answered, Harry. Mr. Whitting is the finest lawyer in the whole city. Maybe even the whole country. He's got one of them grand offices down on Broad Street. Went to Harvard. Hello, Sister. I'm a sister no more. You will be in court. I'll make sure of it. What'd I tell you? (laughs) So I'll get 15 years instead of 20. What are you being so negative for? Tell him what he don't know. The law states that any person who willfully produces a miscarriage shall be punished by imprisonment in a state prison for a term not less than four years or more than 20 years. But what kind of b*st*rd judge would do that to a nun? They'd do it to a nun that done what I'd done. And with all the hoopla this case will bring, there's going to be pressure to make it hurt. Why you bringing her down? I thought you said she had a chance. The f*ck did I bring you all the way out here for? Cleary, let the man speak. She does have a chance. Your work with the orphanage and the poor will help. Although any mention of your involvement with children will remind people of the ones you aborted. Tell her about them loopholes. 'Cause you didn't even do the fix on the girl since she was a fake for the coppers, right? Not even pregnant. Tell her. I'm also looking into any possible loopholes in the way the laws are written. 'Cause I asked how can you be arrested for doing an abortion you didn't do on a girl who wasn't with child. Got him thinking about them loopholes. Well, it's not unusual for cops working with Mr. Comstock to set traps such as the one that snared you. Mr. Comstock's a pain in my arse. His Society for the Suppression of Vice does keep me in business, but those arrests rarely end in a conviction. So I've asked the judge to schedule an immediate hearing to decide if the case should be dismissed before ever going to trial. See? Me and him, we're gonna have you out of here in no time. Now I just need to get some information. The charges against you were filed under the name Rose Dolan. Is that your full name? Rose Agnes Dolan, yes. Rose? Where'd that come from? It's my birth name. Harriet was what I took after my vows. Harriet's better. You're no Rose. Thanks for the compliment. So you think you'll have everything ready by the first hearing, then? I believe so. But there's still the matter of my fees and expenses. My office has yet to receive any money from you. I've had a slight delay in getting them, but I'll have them by the end of the week. Don't you worry. All right. Full steam ahead. (pedal squeaking) Cold must have killed the battery. Not to worry. I'll hail you a carriage. (grunts) I'm Detective Satterlee. You the lady asking about the health inspector? Speight, yes. I'm Cornelia Showalter. I worked with him at the Knick chasing a typhoid epidemic. Why don't we sit down? Thank you. What do you want to know? Just what you found out so far. Well, not much to tell. He was seen leaving a saloon on Water Street. He got on a late ferry home to Brooklyn. Looks like he must have fell off and drowned. Surprised he washed up. Usually the current takes them out to sea and we never find them. Did anyone see him fall in? No one sounded for overboard. But drunks slip in quieter than you think. Can't even hear the splash over the steam engine. We get one like this every week or two. 
 
 Edwards :  What was it you wanted to talk to me about, Mrs. Showalter? Stop that. Cornelia. I... I had a medical question. Is it possible to detect alcohol in the body of a person, specifically a dead one? Why do you ask? I'm sure you've heard about Inspector Speight. Yes. Tragic. And also a bit mysterious. I just spoke to the detective in charge of the case. Cornelia. And he told me Speight was terribly drunk when he fell off the ferry and died. Is this really your business? But Speight didn't drink. Never has. Not a drop. You're certain about this? Dealing with drunks in flophouses made him a strong believer in temperance. Zealous, really. A lot of men have been known to lose their resolve and bend an elbow at a bar. It would certainly explain his inability to hold his liquor. Not Speight. It's very strange and no one's giving it a second look. I'm guessing you haven't spoken to Phillip about this. No. I know I shouldn't get involved. I could probably devise a test. But you would have to get to his body before it decomposes, which will happen much faster than usual since it was found in water. Also, he's already been buried. (sighs) Well, getting his body out of the ground, I'm afraid, is beyond my skills. (crowd shouting) (bell rings) What the hell are you doing out there, Otto? You're moving around like you're trying not to let a sh1t pop out. Sorry, Mr. Cleary. I saw you beat this slug three weeks ago. Pinned him faster than he did you. That match was fixed. What was that, fella? It was fixed. I went limp. That's a load of shite. He pinned you like an old biddy. Only because I let him. I didn't know nothing about it. All right, who fixed it? His old manager. Wanted to unload this chump on some dumb sap. I guess that was you. You can have the dollar I made tonight. What's that supposed to buy me? (metal clinking) (clinking continues) (loud chatter) Another. (music playing) Do you like this song? I can't say I know it. It's called "When We Were Married." Pretty, isn't it? You want to get married already? We only just met. Well, a girl can pretend, can't she? Ooh, I'll gladly take pretend tonight. Mmm. What's your name? Cate. Hello, Cate. I'm John. John, would you like to dance with me? No, I would not like to dance with you. (chuckles) (moaning) Don't miss a button. Wouldn't want the wife to get wise. I don't have a wife. Oh. Maybe I can come see you at your place next time. A little cleaner. I don't want it cleaner. Phillip :  People in California are Americans just like us, but may as well be on the moon for all they care about what's going on in New York. It's true. No one there has even heard of the Schermerhorns or the Robertsons or the Showalters. Then how does anyone know who's important? It's usually the man with the biggest gun. (all laugh) Sounds awful. No way to know if someone's a person of quality. Who'd want to live in a place like that? I agree. You must have noblemen and women to show the people how to be. To give them someone to admire. That's why Hungary leads the world in so many ways. Oh, yes, we all want to be Hungarian. Tibor and Gwynnie will be gone for several months. Cornelia, you and Phillip will have a lot more room in our house to move around. I assumed our apartment would be finished by then and we'd have already moved out. Of course it will. I meant in the off chance it wasn't. With all the construction in New York, I barely know when the men will show up and half the time the workers muck it up. Seems your father's kidnapped all the best labor for the new hospital. Well, building the new Knick, it's going to take some doing. I mean, competition for competent crews is fierce. We'll just have to dig deeper. I'd rather you didn't. I'm not concerned. You should be. Charity is all well and good, and you know I believe in it as much as you, but we need to find other donors to lessen our share. I gave. And I told you you didn't need to. I'm more than happy to cover the cost. I'm just doing what those Californians are doing... looking ahead. We could use that money to diversify. H.H. Prettyman is bidding to build the new subway  and there's still a position available for another partner in the venture. Burrowing your way through dirt and rock like a gopher to build a train no one in their right mind would dare ride? It's dangerous business. It's the future. August :  It's a disaster in the making. Now, you heard Hobart. Half those crews are a menace. Now you want them blasting their way  beneath this city with dynamite? 25 years ago you would have jumped at this. And 25 years ago you were in diapers. So I'll thank you to know your place, son. Daniels :  I wish I had your troubles. (chuckles) The city makes us take in every Negro psychopathic patient and then gives us nothing in return. We're lucky we have enough medicine to get us through the week. Anesthesia, that's a luxury. Well, we may have more resources at the Knick, but they don't make it easy. (laughs) They expect me to thank them on a daily basis for the gifts that they believe they've given me. Did you read the article in the paper last week about the cyclist, Major Taylor? No, get to the point. Do you remember? The man goes over to Europe and is treated like the King of England. Stays in the best hotels. Breaks every possible record. He returns home, makes no difference. He's just a nigger on a bike. There's some people I'd like for you to meet. Daddy. Hello, Cricket. You stopped writing. Your mama and me was worried about you. I'm fine, Daddy. Didn't have to leave everyone back home for me. I may not have wanted you up here, but if you are, I'm gonna make sure you're right. Everybody's soul needs protecting. Besides, I'm sure I'll find myself plenty of folks in need of the Lord's good word in a place like this. Probably just in this building alone. Let me show you around. Come on. This is where we perform all of our surgeries. I think it's a special place. You wouldn't believe what happens here. Don't you let yourself get too impressed by anything a man can do. Or build like that Grand Central Depot I came into. I'm only interested in the miracles God can create. The things we can do, I think they might impress even you. (chuckles) (hoofbeats) Barrow :  The citrate of caffeine is for? Thackery :  Mitigation of symptoms. Ox gall? Indigestion. What the hell is this Dr. Mays doing here? Get rid of him. No, you barely know the man. I know enough to know that I'd rather have you operating on me with a spoon. Everyone deserves a chance to prove themselves. Don't you agree? Nurse Elkins. Good morning, Doctor. Daddy, this is the chief of surgery, Dr. John Thackery. A.D. Elkins. Honor to meet you. You're a preacher, correct? Should I call you... Oh, I don't go in for any of that. I'm here to serve Him, not myself. Well, it seems you've passed that along to your daughter. No one gives as much to the patients as she does. She's seen a lot since she started here. And she's proven herself the best of all of us. Raise them up right and they'll always find their way. Amen. What is this? A fever cabinet. Where did it come from? Dr. Edwards had it installed last month. (knocks) Edwards, can I get an explanation on this fever cabinet? Something wrong with your eye? It's just a scratched cornea. Is that why you passed on that surgery? No, it's nothing. What did you want to know? Fever cabinet. Yes, the patient is suffering from Bright's disease. By inducing fever, I've seen a decrease of albumin levels in his urine. That's an expensive toy for one disease. Fever therapy has a number of uses. I thought it a worthy investment. I don't believe you. I can show you the papers. Can you read German? Not about the cabinet. You passed on that eardrum repair and gave it to Gallinger. Because I wanted to give him... I know, help him resharpen his skills. What is it? What's going on? (sighs) It's my eye. So the puzzle is figuring out how to get the subretinal fluid to drain so that hopefully when the retina comes in contact with the choroid, it will reattach and resume normal function. Have you tried applying any medications that might absorb the fluid? Salicylate of sodium, mercurial inunctions, even laxatives... all useless. The one treatment that seems to show some promise is coagulation by electrolysis. I've been experimenting on rabbits. And? Good enough that I'm willing to try it on myself. Good enough? Is that the standard? To be blind... Don't. You have anyone to perform it? I was hoping you might help me with that. You're the only one I can trust. Please, John. Well, then we have to do it at night when the hospital is empty. You don't need anyone to know. I got fairly good at secret surgery down in the subbasement. I've had some recent experience in clandestine procedures myself. Cornelia :  I asked the police about exhuming the body, but they said Inspector Speight's case was closed and they could be of no help. That's because they're too busy harassing the good men here at Tammany. They're not interested in the law. Clever man, though, Teddy, I'll give him that. He just dangles police commissioner in front of Devery and that jackass just... And we're corrupt. Well, it sounds difficult. Will you consider an exhumation? See that bulldog, Mrs. Showalter? A gift. $5,000. 10 times a cop's annual salary. Now who would pay that for this? I'll tell you. The people who are making sure Speight's body stays in the ground. Who would ask you to do that? Unless you can buy me a better dog, I'm afraid our business here is done. Excuse me, miss. Pouncey :  I'm just saying they got reason to keep you at the uptown Knick. This is your truck. What do I got? I ain't gonna be fancy enough for that place. You want to secure your employment? Learn a thing or two about fixing a f*cking suspension. That's what I'm doing. Mr. Cleary? Miss Robertson. It's Mrs. Showalter now. Ah, right. How's holy matrimony treating you? Fine. I was wondering if you could help me with something. I never pictured you for a repeating customer. But I'm out of that game since Harry got nabbed. That's not... I got the name of an old Bulgarian lady who does them down Clinton Street. But from what I've heard, you'd be safer falling off a horse. That's not why I'm here. Harry told me you used to dig graves at potter's field. She talked to you about me? Mm-hmm. Yeah, I used to work the shovel there a few years back. You still own that shovel? (Cleary grunting) Are you sure the guard won't say anything? Those two bottles of whiskey I gave him are the only things he'll be talking to for the next couple hours. (laughing) What's so funny? Over the years I committed a petty crime here or there. It's how a man survives in the city. But the two who drag me into serious malfeasance are a society lady and a f*cking nun. (laughs) How is Harry doing? You ever been inside of a jailhouse? Well, it ain't exactly the Waldorf. After a while, those walls, they start whispering at you, telling you you ain't never gonna get out. I've known a few tough lads turn to jelly after a while in a place like that. Now, Harry, she's tougher than all of them. But not for much longer. She's starting to go. She's lucky to have you. She needs more than me, miss. What can I do? Well, I did get her one of them good old lawyers. Upper-class like you. Problem is, can't afford him. But you can. I can't ask my family... You have a boat in every port from here to Persia. You must have something set aside. Especially after what she did for you. I'll do everything I can. (sniffs) All right. Oh! Oh! (thudding) There's our man. (grunting) Will you look at that. Your Mr. Speight went and f*cked away off. A.D. :  New York. Sure is a busy place. Can't go a step without winding up shoulder to shoulder with white folks, Negro, Christian, Hebrew, Italian, Greek, Siamese, Japanese, and everything in between. All the corners of the Earth thrown together with strange tongues from Babel. Strange clothes. Even stranger beliefs. Why, just today I met a man Carried a sword on his hip longer than a cavalryman's. I don't know what he was seeking, but when he finds it, he's gonna have a whopper of a weapon to handle it. (laughter) I never met no one like that. And maybe before he come here to New York, he never met no one like me. Or you. But you and I do share one thing with him and everyone, one language we all understand and answer to. And that's the language of God. Amen. All : Amen. God... and His infinite wisdom. Hallelujah. The same God that shines inside our bodies... shines in the darkest jungles of Africa. Praise the Lord. Shembolamanca. The same spirit that rose Jesus up from the grave is the same spirit that built the Himalayan mountains of Asia. Glory to God. Escomenalambaska. The same God that spoke to Moses... is the same God that speaks to us as He is speaking through me right now. (speaking in tongues) Let us sing for all of those who cannot sing the word of God. ♪ Shall we gather at the river ♪ ♪ Where bright angels' feet have trod ♪ 
♪ With its crystal tide forever ♪ (echoes, fades) ♪ Flowing by the throne of God... ♪ (silent) (clock ticking) How does that feel? Fine. I need the local anesthetic. Nurse Pell. A hypodermic of 4% cocaine solution. Yes, Doctor. Look up. Is it numbing? It's begun to. You need to make a two to three-millimeter incision on the upper portion of the sclera. Once you've made the incision, twist the blade, which will release the subretinal fluid. Surgical knife. (metal clinking) (clinking continues, echoes) (clinking stops) What was that? Edwards :  Something wrong? No. No, it's fine. Dr. Thackery, if you're not feeling up to this... No, you need this done. Stop. Dr. Thackery. Stop, Dr. Thackery. God damn it. (music playing) (chatter, laughter) John. Cate. So are we not dancing again tonight? One for me? Dan. To your health. Heroin? In this arm. This one's for cocaine. You inject both at the same time? Mm-hmm. The cocaine takes the bottom off the heroin and the heroin takes the top off the cocaine. Now they dance beautifully together. Until the cocaine wears off. That's when you find out if you got the amounts wrong. And if you do, it'll kill you. But get it right... (music playing) 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 