Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x09 - When You Have to Go There, They Have to Take You In - Second Chance 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x09 - When You Have to Go There, They Have to Take You In https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=528&t=25910 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/12/16 03:15 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x09 - When You Have to Go There, They Have to Take You In 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Second Chance"... 
 How'd you know about this place, anyway? 
 Her grandfather took her here. 
 If I catch you hanging around Gracie again, I'm gonna snap your fingers off, drummer boy. 
 I know you don't like helping Pritchard, but I do. 
 It makes me happy. 
 If we go in two directions, we will pull apart. 
 What's wrong? What happened? 
 Your blood... it worked. 
 Arthur :  Her system is clear of cancer. 
 May I ask what we will do with Mr. Pritchard? He'll be leaving. This is weird, not having to do this anymore... get hooked up. Just kind of half getting used to it. I know you didn't ask for any of this, but thank you. For saving my life. Hey, it wasn't all bad. Got to live here and drive that car. I should thank you for bringing me back from the dead. Nobody's ever done that for me before. You know, that day that you brought me back, you said that Otto couldn't be without you. I guess now you can go back to taking care of him. I guess I'll find my own place to live. Now that you're cured, there's not really much point in me being here. No. Now that I'm cured, there's not. Otto says he can move the tank wherever I go. It's automated. Sends you updates or something. I can have Alexa line up some places for you to see. No, I can take care of it. Of course you can. Sorry. You know, I never thought it would work... ...this cure. Never thought I'd have to figure out what to do with the rest of my life. I know what you mean. Connor : Cured. Not remission, but cured? Yes. No need for further treatments. Now I'll never get Lookinglass or Otto, and without Otto, you can't have George. You don't need Otto. I snuck into the lab. I-I sent you the data. It wasn't enough. The information wasn't enough for my scientist to reverse-engineer how he brought Pritchard back. [sighs] What do we do? You mention here that Mary and Pritchard have grown close, right? Oh, they would never admit it, but I can see it when they're together. All right. Oh. You're gonna use Pritchard to take Otto away from Mary? No, we're... we're just going to show Otto that the man he brought back to save his sister is taking her away from him. That's... Mr. Graff... sneaking into a lab is one thing, but if Mary were to find out that we turned Otto against her, her... her heart would break. There's got to be another way. Alexa. Alexa, I realize you've grown very fond of Mary, but you have to remember what your purpose was. Otto brought you back to save her. When he saw that you couldn't, that you were twisted, that your blood wasn't right for her, he just threw you away. You were unformed when I found you... where Otto left you there to die, but as soon as you could speak, you said one word. You remember? I said... "George." George. George is your purpose now. He's old. And he's near the end. But he doesn't have to be. If you want George here with you, you're gonna have to break Otto away from Mary. Okay? Alexa, where are we with the attendees for the cancer cure meeting? All Lookinglass department heads will be here in the office. Legal, too. Heads of Bio-Research from Stanford, Harvard, and M.I.T. will be on the poly-com, and reps from the F.D.A. will be on speaker phone. Good. James won't be living with us anymore, but his blood is the basis for the cure, so how often will he need to be at the lab? We don't need him at the lab. What do you mean? Once I stockpile enough of his blood samples as the basis for the research, we'll never have to see him again. [sighs] It's really too bad. What is? Oh, that Mr. Pritchard won't be here with us anymore. Why is that? Well, it's silly. I just... a little part of me thought it wasn't just his blood that was saving your sister. Of course it was just his blood. What else could it have been? Oh, I'm not a scientist. I just thought, when they're together, Mary seemed... I don't know, more alive. You're right, Alexa. You're not a scientist. Oh, I almost forgot. Connor Graff called. He said he was free tonight if you're in the mood for a game. Yes. I think I am. Arrange it. [indistinct conversations] [growling] [screams] [glass shatters] This is a nice part of town. Not anymore. Since when? 2004, 2005. The whole place went to crap after I left office. What a surprise. I don't know why you're moving out at all. I thought you liked it there. I did, but now Mary's cured, there's no need for me to be there anymore. [sighs] What about the, uh... the tank? Oh, the egghead can move it. See, this can't be right. 5 grand a month? This area's all warehouses. Not anymore. Lofts... high-end. Yeah, exposed brick, open plan. Since when? A while. But now that she's cured, there's no other reason for you to stay there? Why she might want you there? No. I know what you're getting at, but, no, I was there for just one reason. And I'm glad it worked out. I am. But it is time for me to go. Exposed brick, huh? Open plan. Open plan's when you... live together but you're not married, right? Sometimes I forget how old you are. Well, I'm sorry. I haven't done this in a while. I lived in the house that you and Helen grew up in for 40 years, and then after I left office, it was, uh... Left office? Thrown out. Resigned before that happened, thanks. And then after your mom died... you moved me into my place. I just... I just... I don't know how this thing works. Get a broker. You might like that. Most of them wear skirts. Oh, I-I do like skirts. Let me ask you something. Mm. You got this big house, just you and Gracie rolling around in it... [sighs] I don't think you'd like it there. Why? Well, Gracie's always having friends over. You know, teen girls, they get loud. And there's your drinking and card playing, coming home late. Well, just... Gracie would love to have me there, right? And there's the tank. Yeah, the tank. It's the kicker, isn't it? Well, I could leave it where it is. I could just go back and forth until I find a place of my own. Well, if you're going back and forth, then you might as well stay there, right? You don't want me to stay with you. I just think it would be problematic. The only problem is you don't want me there. In fact, now I come to think of it, you never did. Oh, that's not true. Is that why you tried so hard to move me after your mom died? You never  asked  to stay with me. I shouldn't have to. You're my son. I was grieving and alone. No, you... you were playing cards and drinking and you never asked. I shouldn't have to. [sighs] [cellphone rings] Agent Pritchard. Yep. Go ahead. Four bodies. Yeah? I got it. Thanks. Wait, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hey, wait. Four bodies. Take me with you. You really think it's healthy to cure your loneliness by working a multiple homicide? Well, you just jumped off your stool pretty quick. I think, you know, if you won't let your dad stay with you, the least you could do is take me on a ride-along. [indistinct conversations] I.D.? [clears throat] He's with me. [police radio chatter] Okay. Okay. Why don't you come stay with us until you find a place? No. I don't think you mean it. [retching] [camera shutter clicking] [siren wailing in distance] There's four bodies. Ripped to shreds. Neighbors heard what was going on, called 911. By the time the neighbors got in, whoever did all this... gone. Out the window. [police radio chatter] You were 50 years on the job. Yeah, about that. You ever see anything like this? No, Son. Pretty sure I never did. Duval : The Moys. First generation. Father was a cab driver. Mom was a cashier at the local market. Son and daughter went to the local high school... two years apart. There was nothing to indicate that the Moys were into something that got them killed. But this... was a crime of rage. The victims were eviscerated with some kind of jagged tool. Their skin was pulled from their bodies. Most of their bones were broken. Violence like this and the fact that the killer was unafraid to jump from that window suggests P.C.P. And this? Maybe some variation of a Chinese symbol for house or home. Gang Task Force is checking it out against Asian gang signs. And your C.I.? You using him on this? Yes, ma'am. He has connections to the Chinese community. Emma : I don't recognize that as part of a gang sign, and I don't know that family, but believe me, if I knew anything about who did this, I would tell you. That is not crime. It's just evil. Yeah, well, just let me know if you hear anything. Okay. Bye. Everything okay? Yeah, just something for Duval. So what do you think, huh? Exposed brick, open plan. It's nice, right? We should talk about money now that you won't be living with us anymore. I've set up a sum in an account for you in return for everything you've done. Is it a billion dollars? 'Cause that sounds about right. Not yet, but we've given you a piece of the cancer project, and if that goes, it'll be north of that. Mary, I was kidding. Did you say north of a billion dollars? That's years away. I'd like for you to have the Buick. [door opens, closes] I can't imagine anyone else driving it. [footsteps approach] Thanks. Betty : Hi. I'm sorry I'm late. I'm Betty, the Realtor. Can I just say, I have never heard a divorcing couple be so cordial and just  so  sweet to each other? Oh, we're not divorcing. Oh, I'm so sorry. I-I couldn't help but overhear. When you said he could keep the car, I just assumed that you were. [chuckles] We're not divorcing. Because we're not married. Oh. Well, there's plenty of time for that, and this loft is an ideal space for a young couple like yourselves. We're... we're not a couple. This is just for me. I didn't know any realtors. She helped me find one. So then you're just a... just a good friend, then. Well... [chuckles] well, we all need more of those. Why don't you show us around the loft. Good idea. Okay. It's open plan, as you can see, and there's an outdoor space, as well. It's good for a dog. You sound like a man who'd have a dog. No. No dog. Big fish tank. Oh, no worries. This industrial space is rock-solid. [laughs] Uh, what kind of fish? Rescue fish. Uh, saved from a science lab. Saved from a science lab. Wow. He's kind of a catch, isn't he? Come over here. I'll show you a great spot for it. Connor : You're in a good mood today. Hmm. And I know why. It's Mary, isn't it? What about her? Come on, Otto. We both know I know your sister pretty well. I could tell something's up with her. And, generally speaking, I know women, so I can see it in her. It's clear as day. I'm not sure what you mean. Wait, a-are you worried about me being jealous? Otto, y-you know what your sister and I have is an understanding. Yes, it is a non-emotional, sexually reciprocal arrangement. So you don't have to worry about me being jealous when I find out she's in love. Why would you say that? Because I'm happy for her. Like you are. And I'm proud of you for being happy for her. That's empathy right there. Good for you. You're happy Mary's in love with Pritchard. With Pritchard? Yes, i-it's not at all like what Mary and I have. This... thing she has with Pritchard, it's, um... it's a real thing, isn't it? No. She's not in love with him. It's going back the way it was. Hey. I didn't mean to upset you. But can I ask, is there a plan for what happens to you when Mary makes her life with him? I mean, you guys have talked about it. You figured something out. It's going back the way it was. You haven't spoken about what'll happen to you, have you? Hey. You know we were going to merge. Mary trusted me to take care of Lookinglass, to take care of you. If you want any help figuring this out, you know I understand you. I understand what you need. I think you should leave now. [sighs] Okay. Arthur? Arthur :  Yes, Otto? Scrub the last 10 minutes of my office footage from the server. Yes, Otto. Of course. Yeah, I just left Otto. If what you say about Mary and Pritchard is true, if he feels abandoned by her, then Otto will come to me. And then, Alexa, then you can have what you want. [click] [cellphone beeps] Was that Connor? Yes. It won't be much longer. How many times have you read that? [chuckles] Too many to count. You and your Romans. My Romans lived because they died. They had full lives because they knew it would be over one day. George. That's the natural order of things, isn't it? I love you. Loved our life, but doesn't life need death at the end to have any meaning? Shh! Shh! No. No, no, no. Don't say that. It's not true. We are so close. We're  so  close, my love. [sighs] But is it right? Is this right? I thought that we would grow old and die together. I did. And then I died... ...and woke up like this. [dog barking] [crack, dog yelps] I don't want to put any pressure on you, but I did just get an offer on this space, so... Uh, I have to go. Do you need help? No. Why won't you let me help you with what you're working on? Look, thanks for helping with the realtor, but I got to go. [door opens] So... [door closes] you think he's taking it? [camera shutter clicks, police radio chatter] 
 
 [siren wailing in distance] Duval : Two more dead, same level of violence, and a dog over by the fence, torn up like the men. Did you get anything from Emma? No. I showed her the sign, but... if it was a gang, she didn't know it. These two dead are Chinese-American, just like the last time. The thinking now is serial killer targeting an ethic community. You running down any Asian hate groups? Yeah, we've got agents with hate crime and serial-killer experience coming up from L.A. I need to present what we have for them first thing in the morning, so you call Emma Peng. You tell her this is her community that's being targeted. She's gonna have to dig deeper. You got it. [cellphone rings, beeps] Hey, Gloria. What do you have for me? Gloria : Listen, I got through the blood panel of the first crime scene, the family of four, and I isolated blood that must be from the killer. You got an I.D.? No, but it must be the killer's because it doesn't match the victims. You need to step all over this phone conversation right now. Working on it. And if it doesn't match the victims, it has to be the killer's right? Gloria, what are you trying to say? Work faster. Jam it. Got it. Jamming it now. Okay, so the thing is, the killer's blood is... [static, feedback] I didn't get that. Say it again. Transgenic. The DNA in the killer's blood.. [static, feedback] the one from the cocktail glass I matched to your family. I thought you would want to know. Gloria, I can't hear you. [engine starts] Hello? Duval? [ringing] This is Gloria. I can't come to the phone right now. Leave me a message. beep [cellphone beeps] [cellphone beeps] Betty :  This is Betty, the Realtor. Just checking in about the... [beep] Otto :  It's Otto. I need blood samples from you as a basis for the universal cure. Once I have them, we won't be needing you anymore, so... [beep] Mary :  It's Mary. Arthur says you've been sitting in your parked car. If you want, you know you can call. [cellphone rings] Yeah. Emma : It's Emma. There's something you'll want to come and see. On my way. [engine starts] Is that him? He says he was at the last killing. He got away, but he saw the killer. He's here illegally, so he won't talk to the cops. I told him he could trust you. Was I wrong? Emma : Li, this is the man I told you about, the one who will pay you a reward. Tell him what you told me. Go on, Li. Tell him. It's okay. He killed both my friends and my dog. We weren't doing nothing. Li, I'm sorry to have to ask you this, but I need to know you were really there. There's a bunch of facts the F.B.I. haven't released, but if you were there, you would know them. How did he kill your friends? With his hands. He wasn't there. The damage done to the victims was done with a weapon or a tool. He used his hands. I saw him. Did you see his face? No. It was too dark and it was too high up. High up? What do you mean? He was a giant. Like this. A-and he killed my friends. He tore them apart. Okay. It was a giant and he did it with his bare hands. Is there anything else you remember? I don't think he had ears. You been drinking tonight? Yes. For a few days running? All week. But I saw what I saw. Sleep inside tonight, okay? You believe him? [sighs] I believe he believes what he saw, but drinking all week will make you see things that aren't there. Thanks. Gracie. What are you doing here? And what did I say would happen to you if I ever saw you again? I'm sorry about the other night. It was stupid. I was just showing off. I should thank you for putting a stop to it before anyone got hurt. Please don't break my hands. He's not gonna break your hands, are you, Uncle Jimmy? Whatever I.D. they showed you was fake. Take that back. I'm almost 21. You're not helping yourself. Gracie, what is going on? Grandpa always talked about Peng's, said it's where both sides of the law drank, and I wanted to show Garret something cool about our family. Can we at least stay for lunch? [sighs] Yep. We  can have lunch, but it's not safe around here, so afterwards, I'm taking you home, okay? Adair : Agent Pritchard. Ma'am. Gentlemen, excuse us, please. We just got word that... that Gloria Mundy was pronounced dead at County General. Gloria? What happened? She stepped into the street. Hit-and-run. No witnesses. I was just talking to her. I know. You were her last call. But she had gotten the crime-scene blood results. We got cut off before she could give me her report. I had them sent here to me. It's no help. The killer's blood doesn't match to anything in the system. I was just talking to her. Going to Peng's, the drummer boy... you're pushing boundaries. I get it. Just don't be stupid, okay? Every teenager does it. Well, your dad didn't, but your Aunt Helen, I mean... [chuckles] she... You do that a lot, you know? Hmm? Say things as if you're Grandpa, then stop and say, "Oh, no. I mean, that's what your grandpa told me." I read an F.B.I. interrogator handbook Dad had on his shelf. If you were my suspect and you did that, you know what I'd think? No, what'd you think? You have something to confess. You'd make a good cop. It runs in my blood. By a previous agreement, the core blood donor will remain anonymous, known only to myself and Otto. Our plan is to break ground on a dedicated 26-acre cancer cure facility by the beginning of the quarter and to be in human trials by the end of next year. Professor? F.D.A. regulations provide protection for human subjects of clinical investigations conducted pursuant to requirements [echoing] for prior submission to F.D.A. or conducted in support of applications for permission... Mary :  You know, I wasn't sure if it would work, this cure. James :  Now that you're cured, there's not really much point in me being here. [sighs] [beep] ARTHUR:  Mary, are you feeling ill? You left that meeting abruptly. [sighs] I'm fine, Arthur. I just didn't want to be there. But this project must be very fulfilling for you. The project will run itself. All it needs now is money. Can I help with something else? Access the F.B.I. computers. Show me what Duval and Pritchard are working on. Yes, Mary. Two crime scenes with this left behind and no apparent connection between the victims. Arthur, use every bit of computing power Lookinglass has. Find a connection. Gracie : I know I sound like Aunt Helen, but when you came to get me that night with the gun, for a second I thought it was him... Grandpa. Well, you'd had a few beers. Yeah. Yeah, maybe so. But there's something that you're not telling me. [cellphone rings] [grumbles] Mary Goodwin? You know her? Kind of. Well, answer it. I'll call her back. Call her back? It's Mary Goodwin. [beep] Whoa. Mary : I need to talk to you. Hi, Mary. I got my niece, Gracie, in the car. Hello, Gracie. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Hello! I need to talk to you about the case. We don't have a case. I  have a case, and I'm doing fine with that. I found a connection between the killings. You won't talk to me about the case, and I think I know why, but you'll want to hear this. Come here, and I'll tell you. [beep] How does your car do that? Why do you know Mary Goodwin? And how come she talks to you like that? [sighs] All right. You found a connection. What is it? It's not the victims that have something in common, it's the crime scenes. The same person lived at them. Albert Lin lived at the first crime scene from 2008 to 2012. He lived at the second from 1978 to 1985, and then it was condemned and torn down. The empty lot. The only thing these places have in common is that Albert Lin called them home. And this is how you would draw home. Hmm. Why'd you cut me out? Cut you out of what? You're working this case and you won't ask for help. It's like you're punishing me for being cured. I thought we were good out there together, and you did, too. The two of us. I did. And then you suddenly shut off? You barely speak to me. You're cured, Mary. You're going back to how things were... you and Otto. If I'm done here, I'm done here. [sighs] [speaking twinspeak] What does that mean? It means "I don't want you to go." How do you say, "I don't want to go?" [speaking twinspeak] [repeating twinspeak] Where's Albert Lin now? He went missing three years ago. Now he's just trying to come home. James : Albert Lin lived at those two places. The only other place he lived in Seattle was 8383 Bledsoe. You have to get agents there. It's where he grew up. 8383 Bledsoe. They just called it in. Married couple, same M.O. Bodies broken, ripped apart. Look, it seems significant he lived at those places, but I just pulled up his Missing-Persons report. You are aware that Albert Lin was born in 1937. That would make him 79 years old. Maybe he's working with someone. Look, I talked to a witness, said he saw the killer, said it was a big guy, did it with his bare hands. You talked to a witness and you didn't tell me? I thought he was just a drunk. Now I'm not so sure. If somebody's going through all the places that Albert lived one by one, and his earliest address is 8383 Bledsoe... Where is he going now? I've got to take this to the brass. Sit tight. Are we going to sit tight? [indistinct conversations] You're Mary Goodwin. How do you know Mary Goodwin? Why does everyone find it weird that I know her? Because  Wired  magazine called her "America's E-princess," and based on the way you drink and play cards, I'd call you a buckethead. Okay, everybody. Listen up. I want to thank Emma for tracking you all down. You're here because you knew Albert Lin at some phase in his life. You know that he went missing three years ago. We think he might be in some kind of trouble. Now you're all gonna get a phone. I want you to press record and say anything you know about Albert Lin. Anything you can remember at all. We're looking for any place he might've called home, even if he didn't officially live there. [all speaking Chinese] [Chinese continues] This isn't the work of a 79-year-old man, but seems connected to Albert Lin. Find out how. Drill down into his life. Find everything you can on him. Yes, ma'am. And any leads on Gloria's hit-and-run? No. But she was one of us. We will find them. This first, then that. Yeah, this first, then that. Something you said on this might help us find Albert Lin... Magic Land? [speaking Chinese] We used to go there as kids. It was a lot smaller then. [speaking Chinese] In the summer, we went every day when we could scrape enough money together. We called it our home away from home. Home away from home. ♪ Not that I don't think you're good at your job, but... I was hoping they'd send other agents. They're mounting up. I knew you wouldn't wait for backup. You want to wait? No. I don't. He's going back in time, killing after killing, so if he's gonna be here at all, it'll be soon. I ever bring you here as a kid? Once. Punched a clown. I pun... [chuckles] Did he deserve it? He was a clown. Oldest part of the park is this way. Some of it would've still been around when he was a kid. All right, let's say Albert Lin is involved. Why unleash that level of violence on places you used to live? That's easy. He wants to go home. When he gets there, it's not his home anymore. That could make anybody angry. You know, you  can  come live with me if you want. [metallic clang] [rustling] [creaking] How long before the F.B.I. get to the park? They're in motion now. We should be able to get in and out before they get there. [helicopter blades whirring] [creak] [creaking] [gunshot in distance] [grunting] [grunts] Son. I'm okay. I think he busted my knee. He's gone. I'll double back. Yeah. Be careful. [grunts] Where the hell did you come from? Where's Albert Lin? Where's Albert Lin? Albert Lin! I don't think so, pal. He's a little bit older than you are. [groans] [yells] [grunts] [growls] Albert Lin. Are you Albert Lin? [helicopter blades whirring] [growls] Are you Albert Lin? Are you trying to get home? [popping] [growls] [coughs] Oh. Since when do you guys use tranq darts? Those weren't my guys. [siren wailing in distance] [sighs] You okay? Yeah. You? He just beat the crap out of me. No man can beat the crap out of me, Duval. He was stronger than me... a lot stronger, and, uh... And what? And he was Albert Lin. No. Albert Lin is an old man. Yeah, I know that. So am I. Duval : One of our agents was killed. She was run down. It was a hit-and-run. She was on the phone with me when it happened. She wanted to tell me something about the blood at the crime scene, something about the killer's blood. Before that woman got run down, it sounded like my phone was being jammed. She might've still been talking. If she was... Then Lookinglass might be able to help. I got it. Find out what she was saying. I got it. ♪ How many crime scenes? How many victims? Mr. Graff. How many crime scenes? How many victims? Four crime scenes, including where we found him. Nine dead. He did eight. We had, uh... a Fed to clean up. All right. Well, clean the rest of this up. None of this comes back to me or this company, then you come tell me how he got out in the first place. Yes, sir. Arthur :  I have located the call made to Duval Pritchard. It was jammed on Agent Duval's end, but Gloria Mundy's side of the call is still on the phone company's meta-server. Would you like me to play it? Yes. Gloria :  Transgenic. The D.N.A. in the killer's blood was artificially engineered, just like the D.N.A. sample you brought me a while back... the one from the cocktail glass I matched to your family. [chime plays] I'm not the only one brought back. Who are they? I don't know about any others. Mary, who are they? You're the only one I know about. I swear it. What about Otto? We should ask him. Where is he? Arthur, where's Otto? Mary :  You're working this case but you won't ask for help. It's like you're punishing me for being cured. Where did you get this? I was transcribing video notes from Mary's meeting and I saw it. I thought you should know. I never did trust that Pritchard. James :  You're cured, Mary. Was it wrong for me to show you? ...you and Otto. If I'm done here, I'm done here. No. You can go. [ speaking twinspeak ] What does that mean? It means "I don't want you to go." How do you say, "I don't want to go?" [ speaking twinspeak ] [ repeating twinspeak ] [screaming] 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 