Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x08 - May Old Acquaintance Be Forgot - Second Chance 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x08 - May Old Acquaintance Be Forgot https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=528&t=25774 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/05/16 05:20 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x08 - May Old Acquaintance Be Forgot 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Second Chance"... 
 Woman : Disgraced sheriff, Jimmy Pritchard, took his own life today. 
 You're the first to journey all the way back... to get another chance. 
 James : I know you. You're one of those rich computer twins. 
 Otto re-coded your white blood cells to fight the cancer in my blood. 
 You brought me back to save you? 
 Otto : He's stronger than predicted. 
 Why does he think he's my father? 
 Because he is. 
 He should never have called you an idiot, your dad. 
 You just try to see the best in people. 
 I saw the best in my dad, even if he didn't see it in himself. 
 You know, I'm glad you're here. 
 My dad's done so much by himself. 
 He really needs you. 
 Can you just promise me you're here to help him? 
 I'm not a monkey that jumps every time you say "solve a puzzle." 
 [speaking in twinspeak] 
 Otto! 
 I just want to know... what you said to me then... 
 I will always be here with you, Otto. 
 ...is it still true? 
 [police radio chatter] 
 I'm looking right at them. 
 Six, right out on the street this time. 
 Reese and his Jalisco brothers won this round. 
 Chan is M.I.A. 
 This turf war is escalating. 
 Hey. 
 Hey. 
 [phone beeps] 
 These six were Chan Lee's bodyguards. 
 Lee entered the Seattle heroin market just a month ago. 
 D.C.'s leaning on me to clean this mess up. 
 The doctor wants some good news, so I want you to work this until you can get me some. 
 Father and son on their way home. 
 [sighs] 
 Wrong place, wrong time. 
 Woman : No, please! 
 No! 
 Man :  Tragedy struck today in this working-class West Seattle neighborhood as a drug war exploded in a violent shootout. Local police along with FBI are trying to find out exactly who's behind this spike in drug violence over the last six weeks. It is believed to be a dispute between rival gangs competing over the local heroin market. 
 [ringing] 
 [cellphone vibrating] 
 James : Duval. 
 Duval, I know you can hear me. 
 Duval. 
 How many times do I have to tell you? 
 Stop using that Lookinglass tech to make my phone answer your calls. 
 This is important. 
 I'm in the middle of a drug-fueled gang war trying to figure out who's putting all this heroin on my streets. 
 I think I did. 
 Did what? 
 Put all the heroin on your streets. 
 Just meet me at Peng's. 
 Not until you tell me what this is about. 
 [receiver clicks] 
 [siren wailing] 
 [muffled grunting] 
 What did we tell you? 
 You should've stayed out of Seattle. 
 You want turkey or roast beef? 
 Roast beef. 
 [grunting continues] 
 [muffled screams] 
 [sighs] 
 You've got one minute, starting now. 
 Duval, sit down, please. 
 [sighs] 
 1990, there's a flood of heroin on the streets. 
 Worse than now... more blood, more drugs. 
 Guy running it was a guy named Ray Carson. 
 I remember that. You rolled up his operation. 
 Put a dozen of his guys behind bars, but Carson got away. 
 He didn't get away, but I'll get to that. 
 Now, before it all went down, I had a C.I. 
 Ray's girlfriend, Joan Solodar. 
 Joan Solodar from Solodar Motors? 
 Yeah. 
 Who sponsored Little League teams and school fairs? 
 She was your C.I.? 
 That's who she is now. 
 Back then, I saw a good girl in a bad situation. 
 I was gonna stop the drug war and get her out. 
 One night, she calls me, says Ray found out she was working for me, started beating her. 
 She shot him. 
 He knew it, Jimmy. 
 He knew I was working for you. 
 Official story was that Ray got away. 
 You covered up a homicide. 
 I rolled up the biggest drug source in Seattle. 
 I gave a young woman a new life. 
 She swore to me she'd go straight. 
 For 20 years, I believed her. 
 I watched her build her business, raise her profile in the community. 
 What happened after 20 years? 
 I won big in a high-stakes poker game. 
 We played all night. I hit every hand. 
 Cory just kept losing. 
 Cory? 
 This Harvard M.B.A. hotshot. 
 Works in an accounting firm uptown. 
 I'm little short, Jimmy, again. 
 I'm on a losing streak. 
 I don't know what's wrong with me. 
 All that crap you're putting up your nose. 
 You know what, Cory? You can't play here anymore. 
 I got to tell your other games, too. 
 Please, please. 
 No, no, come on, please. Don't cut me off. 
 I got some information. 
 All right, maybe it's worth what I owe you. 
 I know who's behind all the heroin in Seattle. 
 It's an old girlfriend of yours. 
 You know, the one who sells cars. 
 That's a lie. 
 Listen, my... my firm put me on the account. 
 I'm the one running the audit. 
 She's laundering the money through her car dealerships. 
 She's running smack, Jimmy. 
 I didn't want to believe him. 
 So, what did you do? 
 Joan : Well, as I live and breathe. 
 Has it been two years already? 
 I had a good night at poker, Solly. 
 Thought I'd pick up my new car early. 
 Solly. 
 You know you're the only one who still calls me that? 
 We go back. 
 Yes, we do, Sheriff. 
 Let's go to my office. 
 Why'd you close the door, Jimmy? 
 I've been hearing things, Joan, about you dealing smack. 
 Let me see your books. Show me it's all legal. 
 Listen, Sheriff... you saved my life back then, and I will never forget that. 
 I covered up a murder for you! 
 You did. 
 Show me the books, Joan. 
 You know I can't do that, Sheriff. 
 Lenny. 
 Last thing you want is your Fed son finding out about what we did together. 
 Don't open a door unless you're ready to walk through it. 
 I must've dialed your number 10 times after that. 
 I hung up every time. 
 But I'm telling you now. 
 Well, I'm glad it only took you coming back from the dead to make you finally see the light. 
 But you know I need evidence to take to the Bureau, and you never got any. 
 I have a plan. 
 A plan? 
 Yeah. I go to Joan as a buyer. 
 Once we have a deal, you come in with the Bureau. 
 Stop the drugs, stop the killing. 
 I know her, Duval. 
 She thinks I'm dead. 
 She won't see me coming. 
 Joan : That's good. 
 [ muffled screaming ] 
 Really nice work. 
 Thank you. 
 Send that to Hong Kong. 
 Make sure they know this is my town and I'm the only one who sells in it. 
 ♪ 
 [door opens] 
 Too loud? 
 Yeah. 
 Uh, maybe just... just a little. 
 Yeah, sorry. It, uh, it just kept sounding better the louder we turned it. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Garret says that it's meant to be played loud. 
 Oh. 
 So... 
 You must be garret. 
 Yeah. Yeah, this is Garret. 
 Garret, this is my Aunt Helen. 
 Nice to meet you, my Aunt Helen. 
 You can call me Helen. 
 So, how do you two, uh, know each other? 
 Oh, we met at school. 
 Oh. 
 You're in high school? 
 Uh, no, Garret is 20. 
 Which is older. 
 So, in college? 
 Taking a gap year. 
 His band played The Dance. 
 Garret is a drummer. 
 Can he stay for dinner? 
 [chuckles] 
 ♪ 
 Go on home. 
 Don't open the door unless you're ready to walk through it. 
 How you doing? I'm Lenny. 
 Cameron Brown. 
 Came here to buy a car, but if this is your handshake, then I'm not sure we could do business. 
 Oh, why don't we show you some cars? 
 Come on, Lenny. 
 My granddaughter's got a stronger grip than this. 
 Your granddaughter? 
 Did you... 
 Did you just say your granddaughter? 
 James, given your current age, remarks about your granddaughter might draw attention to you. 
 As will breaking that man's hand. 
 So, why don't you let go of it now? 
 Come on, let go of his hand. 
 No, Lenny, of course not. 
 How could I possibly have a granddaughter? 
 Is that, uh, Joan Solodar over there? 
 From the commercials? 
 "You can go far in a Solodar car." 
 She your boss? 
 She's the owner, yes. 
 I'd like her to sell me the car. 
 [chuckles] Ms. Solodar doesn't do sales. 
 She owns the dealership. 
 Well, no offense, Lenny, but now I've shaken hands with a little girl. 
 I'd like to make a deal with a real woman. 
 Alexa, there should be 14 new products at the new production presentation, but I only see 13 new products on this list. 
 Why was this one removed? 
 Mary said she needed it. 
 Did she say for what? 
 No, Otto, she didn't. 
 If you want your hat, Sheriff... you're gonna have to come and get it. 
 I think you hurt Lenny's feelings. 
 I think he'll get over it. 
 He said you wanted to see me. 
 I prefer to do business with the boss. 
 I can understand that. 
 You're a man who knows what he wants. 
 I'd like to think so. 
 That was you selling me, wasn't it? 
 You were selling me? 
 Yes. 
 I confess. 
 This is why I don't do sales anymore. 
 You gonna send me back to Lenny? 
 No. 
 I'm all yours. 
 Then come on. Sell me a car. 
 [sighs] 
 The cockpit is designed so you have complete control. 
 Everything is exactly where you need it to be. 
 It's tight in the corners, hugs the road. 
 And for a luxury car, it really wants to go. 
 Lots of power. 
 The engine is incredibly responsive. 
 Just a very light touch... and she'll really open up to you. 
 I was 25 when my dad made that bust. 
 Newspaper called him a hero. 
 Not sure the mayor would've given him the key to the city if he knew about Joan Solodar and that body they buried. 
 Should we take it for a test-drive? 
 You know what, actually, I'm looking for something with a little more power. 
 What did you have in mind? 
 Heroin. 
 I know you supply it. 
 I sell cars, Mr. Brown. 
 I'm not looking to step on your business in Seattle. 
 I've seen what happens to people who do. 
 I want to expand it into other markets... 
 Montana, Wyoming, Colorado, Utah. 
 They all need a quality product. 
 $10 million order to start. 
 As much as I like that number... 
 I sell cars. 
 And I have no idea why you think I did anything else. 
 Your man over there... Lenny. 
 I did time with his uncle in Pelican Bay. 
 He told me you sell more than just cars. 
 Want to check me out? Call him. 
 Mary's never taken a new product before. 
 It's always something we do together. 
 Where is Pritchard? 
 How's, uh, how's Uncle Jack? 
 Almost ready to go. 
 Okay. 
 You sure this is gonna work? 
 Arthur :  Yes, Agent Pritchard. All the visual and voice data needed was obtained during the hack of Lenny's last Skype session with his uncle. 
 No wires. 
 He's clean. 
 Please remember your camera's in your contact lens. 
 So do us all a favor and don't look in the mirror. 
 This scar come with a story? 
 I got it saving his uncle's ass. 
 Well, why don't we ask him about that? 
 Duval : Lenny... what are you doing calling me? 
 Everything okay with your mom? 
 Yeah, everything's fine, Uncle Jack. 
 It's just this guy here says he knows you. 
 I have no idea who that is. 
 [gun cocks] 
 Uh... 
 I'm just messing with ya. That's... 
 Cameron Brown. 
 [sighs] 
 How you doing, Jack? 
 Not as good as you. 
 What's going on? 
 I need you to vouch for me. 
 [static crackling] 
 What the hell's going on? 
 Otto : That holo-projector isn't even beta tested. 
 They were supposed to show it at today's meeting. 
 You took it. 
 Get him to turn it back on now. 
 Fix it, please. 
 It's not on our end. 
 I don't like this. 
 You don't come to the meeting, then you let him use that? 
 I know you don't like helping Pritchard, but I do. 
 We can't go in two directions, Mary. 
 If we go in two directions, we will pull apart. 
 You need to turn it back on now. 
 My dad is out there with a gun to his head. 
 You are gonna turn this back on now, or I am coming down there and I'm gonna put a gun to yours. 
 Sorry about that. 
 Connection here is crap. 
 I only got a couple of seconds, but... 
 I'd trust that man with my life. 
 [laptop chirps] 
 So, we all good? 
 We doing business? 
 It's time for you to leave, Mr. Brown. 
 We'll be in touch. 
 Lenny, show him out. 
 And then come to bed. 
 
 
 
 [sighs] Did she when she'd call? 
 I mean, did you sell her on the deal or not? 
 You were watching. 
 Yeah, I was. But I can't tell. 
 Unlike you, I don't know her, know her "moves." 
 Maybe you two can throw that ball around outside. 
 I did like the part where you said you'd trust me with your life. 
 Me? No, that was Uncle Jack. 
 Maybe you two can throw that ball around outside. 
 [cellphone rings] 
 Joan : Mr. Brown. 
 Joan. 
 If you can prove funds, I think I have something to sell you. 
 Joan Solodar was your father's C.I.? 
 For the record, Duval didn't know that. 
 Dad only told that to me. 
 Because he's the good son and you're the bad son. 
 It's what makes me such a good C.I. 
 I'm telling you, she's the money behind the Jalisco brothers. 
 You're asking me to go after Joan Solodar, a clean record, taxpaying local businesswoman, based on the word of a corrupt, disgraced sheriff? 
 Yes, ma'am, we are. I am. 
 My father may have been all those things, but whatever he did, he did it for the good of this city. 
 If he says she's the one behind that heroin, then we need to act on it. 
 You want to stop these drugs. 
 No, I don't need you to tell me what I want, so close up while I think. 
 Okay. 
 I'll get Legal to okay the buy money. 
 You go back to Joan and set the meet. 
 You won't regret this. 
 Said the bad son. 
 Where are you meeting her? 
 Her place. 
 She's very beautiful. 
 Mm-hmm. Suppose so. 
 Is that how she fooled you? 
 [giggles] 
 [sighs] 
 Does Duval know? 
 How you felt about her? 
 How did I figure it out? 
 I'm a woman. 
 I can tell these things. 
 You should tell Duval. 
 [beep] 
 [door buzzes] 
 Man :  Mr. Brown, 
 Ms. Solodar's expecting you. 
 Go right up to the penthouse. 
 [laughs] 
 Hm? 
 [elevator dings] 
 How you doing, fellas? 
 I know you? 
 100 grand. 
 Good faith. 
 Rest when we make a deal. 
 What you want comes from Mexico. 
 We import it. 
 We wanted to see your face so that you understand that you're in business with us now, too. 
 Things go well, you don't see us again. 
 Things go badly, you'll see us once more. 
 That was Reese. Put a tail on him, now. 
 That was smart. 
 Joan Solodar wasn't in the elevator. 
 They didn't say her name. 
 Nothing to put this on her. 
 [elevator dings] 
 I hope you had a pleasant ride up. 
 I met some interesting people in the elevator. 
 Isn't that what we have to embrace in life? 
 Unexpected meetings with interesting people. 
 What would your Little League team think about you hanging out with these cartel hard boys? 
 What do you think of me? 
 I think you're a badass, Solly. 
 Solly... 
 ...was a nickname I used a long time ago. 
 Solodar was a mouthful. 
 And the last person to call me that died a while back. 
 You said your C.I. just met her? 
 Yeah, why? 
 Because the way they talk, it kind of seems like he's doing her. 
 Seem like that to you? Like he's getting that? 
 That is a worrisome piece of trivia  to know about me, Mr. Brown. 
 Should I be worried? 
 I do my homework. 
 A deal this big, I want to know everything about a person. 
 So, what do you know about me? 
 I know this business used to be Ray Carson's. 
 And now it belongs to you. 
 I know you run it better than Ray did. 
 I know that you keep Lenny around for fun. 
 You never let him get close. 
 I know if you keep heading that way... you're gonna be old and alone, Ms. Solodar. 
 [chuckles] 
 I'm gonna give you an address, and you meet me there in three hours with the cash. 
 Oh, and please call me Solly. 
 Makes me feel young. 
 The building where she wants to make the deal is three blocks off the harbor. 
 The coast guard will cover the water for us. 
 We'll have one chopper in the air at a standoff position, and S.W.A.T. on the ground. 
 Woman : Ma'am. 
 Got a report of shots fired at Solodar Motors. 
 [police radio chatter] 
 Solly. 
 What about it? 
 I slipped. 
 Called her a nickname I shouldn't have known, and I thought I covered, but she made me when I called her Solly. 
 Why weren't you supposed to know that name? 
 I thought I covered. 
 Lenny was laundering money through the dealership... drug money. 
 And when he found out that I knew, he... 
 [crying] 
 He tried to kill me. 
 He came at me. 
 You stay here. 
 Duval, listen. 
 She killed Lenny to get herself cleared, just like she did with Ray. 
 She did it again. 
 Man : The money was laundered through the car dealerships, which, as you can see from these corporate records, are in Lenny Wahl's name. 
 When my client discovered this... 
 Joan : I confronted Lenny. 
 It was stupid, I know. 
 I should've just gone to the cops, but I was so mad. 
 And then he beat me. 
 The EMTs on scene documented the bruising on my client's body. 
 We're prepared to fully cooperate with this investigation. 
 Excuse me for a moment. 
 Something's going around in my head that's been bugging me. 
 I thought it was that you knew her nickname. 
 But it's not that you knew it. 
 It was the way you said it to her, and what you said about her. 
 You were gonna save her! 
 Five months, day and night. 
 I had to move back to the house because Mom couldn't take it. 
 That's when she started taking those pills. 
 Do you know that? That... 
 One, there are a lot of things about me and your mother that you don't know. 
 Two is keep your voice down. 
 People are listening to you accuse me of things your father did. 
 Yeah. Come on, come on, do it! 
 Do it! 
 Excuse me. 
 [door opens] 
 What the hell was that about? 
 Family stuff. 
 What about her? 
 She made your C.I. She walks. 
 [sighs] 
 [cellphone rings] 
 Hello? 
 Hey, uh, it's Helen. 
 Now's not a good time, Helen. 
 I think something might be wrong with Gracie. 
 She's been staying with me while Duval's been working on the big heroin case. 
 I came home, she's supposed to be here, she's not, and she's been seeing this guy. 
 And I didn't tell Duval because I didn't want to worry him, and she's not answering her phone. 
 S-slow down. 
 And then there's this, um, vent that was open, and... and there's this cookie tin inside, and... 
 I mean, the guy's a drummer, but why worry Duval with that, right? 
 'Cause he just does so much. 
 Helen, the cookie tin, is there anything in it? 
 It's, um... It's... it's empty. 
 But, um... [sniffs] God. 
 It's got a funky smell, though. 
 Yeah. 
 [elevator dings] 
 Gunpowder. 
 [gunshot] 
 Okay, that's enough. 
 It's getting late. 
 Just a few more. 
 Have another beer, Gracie-loo-hoo, while I reload. 
 Okay, why don't you give me the gun now? 
 It's cool. 
 How'd you know about this place, anyway? 
 Her grandfather took her here. 
 He trusted her with what was in that air vent, and he took her down here to teach her how to shoot. 
 It was their secret. 
 But he told you, I guess. 
 What are you doing here? 
 Come take you home. Let's go. 
 She's with me. 
 Aah! 
 Car keys, now! 
 [keys jingle] 
 And if I catch you hanging around Gracie again, I'm gonna snap your fingers off, drummer boy. 
 Gracie, let's go. 
 No. 
 How many of these you had? 
 None of your business. 
 Look, I can take care of myself, okay? 
 Yeah? 
 Well, you're still a kid and you shouldn't have to. 
 Put me down! 
 Duval : Where'd you find her? 
 I'll let her tell you that. 
 But, Duval, she's taking care of you the way you took care of your mother. 
 Maybe Gracie just needs to be Gracie. 
 You're giving me parenting advice? 
 That's rich. 
 Do I even need to remind you that Joan Solodar walked out of the FBI with no charges filed? 
 You remember Joan, right? 
 Helen : Joan Solodar? 
 Didn't Daddy used to buy his cars from her? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Sorry, Helen. Can we talk in private? 
 Look, if you want to hate me for what I did, join the damn club. 
 Joan Solodar is still out there. 
 Shut up. 
 "Shut up"? 
 I don't want to hear you say, that we can still get her, that you know her better than anyone. 
 I can still be mad at you all I want, but you have a plan to put her behind bars. 
 That's what you were gonna say, wasn't it? 
 Wasn't it? 
 Well, I was gonna start with "I'm sorry." 
 Then I was gonna get to all that other stuff. 
 But, Duval, we can still get her. 
 You remember Cory, the accountant. 
 ♪ 
 Hey, you said there was gonna be a poker game. 
 Where the hell is it? 
 I said if you liked poker, you should come down here. 
 I never said there was gonna be a game. 
 Cory. 
 Didn't he tell you to stay away from the coke and cards? 
 Who are you? How do you know that? 
 The same way we know Joan Solodar lost a lot of money making it look like Lenny ran her drug business. 
 But she has more money, doesn't she? 
 And you know where it is. 
 [ringing] 
 Hey, we need to talk about the money. 
 The usual place. 
 Okay, thank you. I'll be right over. 
 [beep] 
 Otto, I need a surveillance system for an area that's too heavily wooded for a drone. 
 With the biometrics? 
 For what you're doing with Pritchard? 
 Yes. 
 I didn't bring him back so you could help him atone for his past sins. 
 You brought him back to save my life. 
 But it's my life, Otto. 
 I like it out there. It makes me happy. 
 Don't you want that? 
 It makes you happy because of what you're doing... or who you're doing it with? 
 You can't be with him, Mary. 
 He's our experiment. 
 You know that. 
 Arthur? 
 Arthur :  Yes, Otto. 
 We need to start a search for a new donor with the same precursor as Pritchard's. 
 But, Otto, as a donor, Mr. Pritchard is performing perfectly. 
 I know. 
 Mary's cancer is in remission, but ongoing therapy is still required. 
 Just find another donor like I told you to. 
 Other than the donor you already know about? 
 If Joan takes Duval's bait, then we have her. 
 She really did a number on you. 
 I did a number on me all by myself. 
 You sure that thing will work? 
 It's a genuine Lookinglass product. 
 It tracks the heartbeats of anyone out there. 
 Right now, it's reading three. 
 I thought you were coming alone. 
 So, you're the son? 
 Jimmy's golden boy? 
 Oh, yeah, I heard all about you. 
 He'd go on and on. 
 It's been a long time since I've had my hands on a Pritchard. 
 You know, your dad had that anger in him that made bedtime  real special. 
 Am I feeling some of that in you? 
 No wires. 
 You're gonna hear a lot worse about me before we're done here. 
 You were a different person then. 
 Maybe. 
 But I'm still on the hook for what I've done, aren't I? 
 You, go first. Speak quickly. 
 If the FBI knows about the money I shielded for you, they know everything wasn't in Lenny's name. 
 The FBI doesn't know anything. 
 He's out here without official cover. 
 God, Cory, you really are a bad poker player. 
 He bluffed you, and you told him. 
 [scoffs] 
 So, what do you want? 
 I know you fooled my father into setting you up in business, and he ruined my mother's life doing it. 
 I want you to pay me for that. 
 I made a calculation... five months, day and night. 
 I put a dollar amount for every hour of those days he didn't come home. 
 You're gonna pay me for that. 
 And what if I don't? 
 Then I bring him back to the FBI. 
 If she goes for it, you got her. 
 You were, what, 25 when he worked that case? 
 And you had to move back home because it took a toll on your mommy. 
 Yeah, I know about that, too. 
 Why would she turn her back on them? 
 [device chirps] 
 Three more heartbeats, 20 yards away. 
 Your dad called her, though, on those nights he wasn't gonna get home. 
 He made those calls from my bed. 
 You're not like him. 
 You're soft. 
 Or good. 
 What's the difference? 
 I'm not like him. 
 He was stupid to let you use him. 
 I just want to get paid. 
 Last chance. 
 [grunts] 
 [chuckles] You want to be bad? 
 You want to be like your father? 
 Make that go away. 
 Where do you think you're going? 
 I'm gonna walk a little ways over here and put the two of you in the ground where I put Ray after I killed him. 
 James : I can't find the other two men. 
 Where are the heartbeats coming from? 
 You think it's easy being a woman in the drug business? 
 I built this business up. I earned this money. 
 And no Pritchard, living or dead, is gonna take that away from me. 
 How you doing, Solly? 
 [device beeps] 
 [computer dings] 
 Duval :  Where do you think you're going? I'm gonna walk a little ways over here and put the two of you in the ground where I put Ray after I killed him. You think it's easy being a woman in the drug business? I built this business up. I earned that money. And no Pritchard, living or dead, is gonna take that away from me. 
 Who are you, really? 
 Tell me. 
 Don't open a door unless you're ready to walk through it. 
 [handcuffs click] 
 [police radio chatter] 
 Got a question for you. 
 Shoot. 
 Why'd you do it? 
 [sighs] 
 I was about your age. 
 My youth was behind me. 
 I could see what was coming. 
 She was young. 
 She... she made me feel young. 
 And I made a mess of things. 
 Yeah. 
 You did. 
 I'm trying to fix things now. 
 I'd like to believe you are. 
 What... what... what do you mean you'd "like" to believe me? 
 [car door closes, engine starts] 
 Duval, didn't you see what we just did here? 
 No, I don't want to hear you'd "like" to believe me. 
 You better believe me! 
 Life is messy, Gracie. 
 That's what I told her. 
 But we do the best we can, and... we forgive each other when we come up short. 
 Okay? 
 Yeah. Okay. 
 And you know you can't see that boy anymore. 
 What? 
 You can't see him anymore. 
 No, you can't tell me who I can see. 
 Wait. Gracie... Gracie, come back here. 
 Gracie! 
 No, you can't tell me what to do! 
 Honey, I'm trying... 
 Arthur, what's the status on the replacement for Pritchard? 
 Arthur :  There is no need to replace Mr. Pritchard. Mary has the results, but I was verifying the numbers before informing you. 
 Informing me of what? 
 Mary? 
 What... what's wrong? 
 What happened? 
 Nothing's wrong. 
 It's just that, um... your blood... it worked. 
 I'm cured. 
 Cured? 
 [laughs] 
 Her system is clear of cancer. There is no need for further treatment. May I ask what will we do with Mr. Pritchard? 
 He'll be leaving. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 