Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x05 - Scratch That Glitch - Second Chance 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x05 - Scratch That Glitch https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=528&t=25168 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/13/16 08:29 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x05 - Scratch That Glitch 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Second Chance"... 
 Woman : Disgraced Sheriff Jimmy Pritchard took his own life today. 
 [zapping] 
 You're the first to journey all the way back, to get another chance. 
 Jimmy : I know you. You're one of those rich computer twins. 
 Otto recoded your white blood cells to fight the cancer in my blood. 
 You brought  me  back to save  you? 
 Otto : He's stronger than predicted. 
 Why does he think he's my father? 
 Because he is. 
 He'll accept who you are. You saw it. 
 He's almost there. 
 That's the problem. 
 If he accepts who I am, he'll want nothing to do with me. 
 No, my father never looked like that, so he can't be. 
 He isn't. He isn't, he isn't. 
 But he is. 
 Mnh-mnh. 
 He's the best version of your father. 
 His cells were recoded for optimal capacity. 
 Physically, he  is  the best version. 
 It's me. I'm back. 
 REPORTER #1: For so long, the unrivaled high-tech leader spanning social media, hardware, and killer apps, Lookinglass has seen its price per share slip recently as always enigmatic Chief Technology Officer Otto Goodwin has become even more reclusive. 
 Reporter #2 : Lookinglass aiming to reassert itself in both the corporate I.T., as well as the personal use market with the launch of its new operating system. 
 Reporter #3 : A two-year product drought is ending today as Lookinglass rolls out its new operating system. 
 Will this answer the question of what has Otto Goodwin been doing? 
 Will this new product be just what Lookinglass needs? 
 Reporter #4 : Mary Goodwin will appear on several national morning shows before officially rolling out the new product herself at the Lookinglass campus. 
 Reporter #5 : As important as the new technology of the operating system is, what's more crucial to the Lookinglass stock price is consumer confidence in the corporation itself. 
 Can they remain relevant? 
 Reporter #6 : Lookinglass is down another 1% off yesterday's opening bell, continuing a slow and steady slide with sheer volume nowhere the numbers C.E.O. Mary Goodwin wants it to be. 
 And add to this mix unconfirmed rumors that the lack of new products and innovations is due to an illness somewhere high up in the Lookinglass camp. 
 Reporter #7 : It's clear that today Lookinglass wants the world to know they mean business. You've been a very patient Board of Directors, and today your patience will be rewarded. By tonight, investors will be assured that our company is where the smart money should be, that we are a good buy at this price because we're only going up from here. I will see you all at the launch. Thank you. [sighs] You think maybe one of them could smile every so often. It's a big day. Were you able to sleep? I wasn't. Not a wink. Too excited. A little nervous. When do we leave for the first interview? We should get in the car as soon as you're done with your blood transfusion, which should be starting now. Or have you already done it? No. Mr. Pritchard has not shown up yet. I'm not sure where he is. We should push the interviews. No. We need to set the tone for today. Lookinglass and this announcement need to own the news cycle. If I cancel interviews, then that is what they will talk about. Your transfusion. You need it. It can wait until Mr. Pritchard returns from wherever he is. He's probably doing something important. ♪ All-in. Guess this just ain't your night. [chuckles] Never is. You remember this guy? Yep. Real son of a bitch. [laughter] You're telling me. He'd have had this figured out by 3:00 A.M., though. See, my problem was, I was looking for one cheater when I should have been looking for four, right? Hey. Everyone's having a good time. No one likes a sore loser. One of you scratches your ear means you got Jacks or better. The other raises the pot till you fold, leaving me to fend for myself. Then what? You guys, uh, you split the pot and then, well, I just go home, lick my wounds? Time to start licking. [laughter] [both grunting] Well, I guess it's just not your night. Mary : And today's launch of the Lookinglass 9 Phone is just the next step in that journey. Well, it's been a while since the last product launch. Will we have to wait another three years for the next one? I hope not. Look, Otto and I and everyone at Lookinglass really like to get things right. Why rush something into an oversaturated market? After a while, people feel cheated if the product doesn't match the hype. But with this, I can promise you that we're... I'm sorry, Ms. Goodwin. If I could just interrupt you, we are receiving unconfirmed reports from several Internet news sources, and since we have you here, sources are saying that you've been diagnosed and treated for anaplastic myeloma, an aggressive form of blood cancer, which is always known to be fatal. Ms. Goodwin? You handled things brilliantly. Our stock is already dropping. Get the Board of Directors on the phone. [cellphone vibrates] Okay. Don't bother. Hello, Craig. Yes, you and everyone else in America. Well, I'm sorry, but I felt it was a very private matter. As a matter of fact... Ms. Goodwin! [screams] Photographer : Hey, driver, slow down! Hang on, ladies. We got photographers. Come on! Just one shot! One shot! Photographer : Hey, Mary! Mary! Over here! [screams] [tires screech] Photographer : Mary! Mary! [camera shutters clicking] Photographer : This way! Hey, Mary! [screams] Photographer #1 : Yeah, right here! Photographer #2 : Look at the camera! Photographer #1 : Just one... one picture! [camera shutters clicking] Photographer #1 : Go, go, go, go! Photographer #2 : All right, speed up! [tire screeches] [gasps] [tires screeching] [gasps] You okay back there? [breathing heavily] I'm fine. I'm sorry. You were saying? [elevator bell dings] Man :  It's an unusually aggressive cancer, and recovery rates are very low. A diagnosis like this... I say six months at best. Look who's here. You're mad. That's a mad smile. Where were you this morning? That's not really any of your business. It's been made clear to me that you do some kind of private investigative work. But here your primary purpose of business is a blood donor to Mary. You weren't here. She missed her transfusion. So, yes, it is my business. Schedule a separate presser two hours before the launch. I'll answer whatever cancer questions they've got then. Okay, I get this wasn't a day to miss a treatment, but if you're mad at me, then just yell or something. And push the product team meeting to 3:00 in the conference room. Absolutely. Is this your version of the silent treatment? You'll be shocked to hear this, but not everything in this world is about you. Reporter :  ...involved in a high-speed chase that ended with Ms. Goodwin's car damaged and disabled on the shoulder of Highway 35, 4 miles south of Seattle. No injuries were reported, and as yet, no charges have been filed in the incident. You want to tell me about that? Now a look at our forecast. Nothing for you to worry about. I'm sure you have a lot on your mind. I said I was sorry. I didn't ask for an apology. We have a problem. Actually, a series of givens, which, when factored together, create a paradox. Tell me. Givens... "A," you have anaplastic myeloma, which is now public knowledge. "B," you discontinued traditional therapies months ago. "C," the Board of Directors are demanding an examination to evaluate your current state of health. Mary. Sorry. Have you seen this? [sighs] Arthur. Display. What's that? It's, um... It's a... It's a dead pool. What's a dead pool? Arthur :  A dead pool is a game of prediction which involves guessing when someone, most typically an elderly or ill celebrity, will die. Whoever picks the right day wins. Oh, no. This is bad. Someone bet on today. It's almost time for my conference call, if you'll excuse me. [sighs] And it doesn't matter how she dies. As long as she dies by midnight tonight, they win the entire pool. Why would they bet on today when it's all over the media the doctors gave her six months? Tell me about the car accident. Ms. Goodwin is here. Thanks, Owen. I'll take it from here. Hell of a day, huh? Yeah. It's incredible you kept the lid on your cancer story as long as you did. It was bound to come out. I'd rather it wasn't on the same day we're launching our new operating system. You know, maybe it's good everybody knows. You can be honest with your employees and Wall Street. I appreciate your advice, but that's not why I'm here. So I take it you're not here for a stress-reducing, therapeutic quickie. [chuckles] I'm not. I'm here about finalizing the merger. Yeah, our legal team's been on it full time. They'll have the deal papered by next month. And then if... then if your cancer wins, your company will be taken care of. [sighs] If something happens to me today, I need to know my brother will be supported. Wait, is this about that dead pool crap? I need to know you'll take care of Otto. He trusts you. After me, you're the only person he trusts. Promise me. I promise. I'll take care of Otto. Thank you. And what about you? You need help. I can take care of myself. So no therapeutic quickie? I have a product to launch. I thought you were a multi-tasker. [indistinct conversations] We were driving down the highway, and everything is normal. And then, all of a sudden, there are three cars speeding up on both sides of our car. And then this minivan, it pulls up on our right, and all of a sudden, it was like bam! On the window. What are you doing here? You sent me an urgent text. Why did you drag me out here? He didn't. I did. I used his name. Mary's in trouble. We need help. You've got help. Me. Your liability quotient is 4.7. Out of...? 10. Mary's safety requires someone who is at least an 8. Duval is an 8.5. No. There's no way he's double what I am. Where you getting these numbers from? Hey, thanks for the high ranking, but next time you're in trouble, just dial 911 like every other taxpayer. I got to get back to my job now. Hey, hey. Are you still pissed about this whole C.I. thing? Being a Confidential Informant is a smart move. Your boss was beginning to ask questions. You don't want them finding out about... About my working with the privacy-invading wonder twins and my dead-not-dead dad? I mean, it's a gray area. I get it. But it's gonna make your life easier. Nothing about any of this makes my life easier. ♪ Whoa! That was exciting. Was that exciting for anyone else? No. Okay. Arthur and I gathered every available photograph that was uploaded from the accident. The images will advance every five seconds. You will be able to see each car in relation to Mary's vehicle. See? The minivan moving up right before it ran us off the road. What exactly are we looking for? James : Otto, can you show us where the van passed Mary's car? Otto : We're missing a sequence. The images of the minivan came from the photographer in the last car. For some reason, they weren't uploaded. But I do have this... Alexa : That was even more exciting. Mary said there was an explosion when the tire blew. Maybe a gunshot. Someone is trying to kill Mary? Yeah. There's this thing. It's called a dead pool. Now, a dead pool is this thing where they gamble... I know what a dead pool is. Right there. The metal is scooped out smooth. See? All along there. Huh. 9mm. Here's another. It took at least two shots. Show us the van driver's face. Arthur :  He doesn't appear in any of the photographs. Whoever's in the minivan, that's your shooter. On the breaking news of Mary Goodwin's cancer diagnosis, the price of Lookinglass stock has lost 8% since the opening bell and looks to keep dropping as this day goes on. It's not just the fact of her illness, but the fact that it was kept from Board members and shareholders alike. She's not canceling the launch. No. She thinks it'll show weakness, so she's insisting on going out in public. Where she'll be a target. For once, you and I actually agree on something. Then stop her, Otto. Use that twinspeak of yours. Tell her not to go. I tried. She won't listen. For some reason that defies me, she connects with you. You have to talk to her. Make her stay home. Please. Someone tried to kill her. They'll try again. [exhaling sharply] [grunts] [breathing heavily] [grunts] I have 10 more minutes in here, then it's all yours. Well, actually, I wanted to maybe show you a few moves, teach you how to defend yourself. I can defend myself. Yeah, against a bag. But I'm talking about street fighting. Now, listen, there are six basic moves. [both grunting] Those six? Yeah, well, you know, Three and Five were a little slow. [chuckles] No wonder you're sluggish. Not taking care of yourself. Out all night with women. [chuckles] There were no women. Mary, the real reason I'm here is, we've been talking, you know, Duval, Otto, Alexa. We've decided that, uh, you're not gonna do your presentation today. [scoffs] You decided? Yeah. Someone wants to kill you, Mary, today. Someone? Arthur, display the list. [beep] I run a high-profile company with millions of users and twice as many haters. We put out one update that doesn't improve their lives instantly, I get death threats! Kind of making my point for me, Mary. But why don't you just postpone it one day? Why? So he can move his bet to tomorrow? Or the next day? Or the next? Or you want to keep me in lockdown forever?! [both grunting] [breathing heavily] You may have called the shots when you were Sheriff, but this is my company, my responsibility. I take my responsibilities seriously. [water running] [sighs] Arthur :  Mr. Pritchard, are you feeling okay? Just a little dizzy. It's only been 12 hours since you've been in the tank. I think I had too much to drink last night. I've identified the paparazzi photographer who has the missing footage you've been looking for. [sighs] Can you track his phone for me? You know, I want to have a little talk with him. Of course. But perhaps I should alert Otto about... No. I'm fine. Just a hangover. [indistinct conversations, car alarm blaring] [clears throat] [car alarm chirps] Ah. The attentive car owner. Who are you? I've got a few questions about the Goodwin accident. You took a few pictures of a black minivan. I don't think you uploaded them all, and I want to see them. Screw you. Okay. [car alarm blaring] What the hell, man?! Well, it was either the car or your face. Did I make the right choice? I said show me the driver. You're showing me somebody's arm. Take it easy. Look. A cobra tattoo? I need a name. How should I know? I've never seen him before. He's not one of us. Special Agent Duval Pritchard. Leave a message and I'll return your call at the first opportunity. [cellphone beeps] Aw, a reunion with my poker buddies. Jared brought a friend. [chuckles] Look, guys, as much as I'd love to spend all afternoon handing you your asses... again... I'm a little bit busy today, so why don't you... [groans, coughs] [chuckles] Oh, that should have done more. [groaning] [door opens] Agent Pritchard, can I help you? I arranged to have myself assigned as lead agent on your death threat. Well, that was a good idea. I'm high profile. The FBI was going to send someone. And we can't have federal agents digging around out here, can we? It bothers you, keeping secrets. You mean from the bureau I swore an oath to? Yeah, it does. But now I got to ask why. Your father has a rare genetic precursor that allowed us... No, that's how, not why. Your father never told you? No. Otto recoded his white blood cells to fight off death. Now we're using them to fight cancer. Your cancer. And if it continues to work, others, as well. So he comes back younger and stronger, lives in some architectural digest model home, drives that car, and he cures cancer? [scoffs] So, where is this gift to mankind? I have no idea. We had an argument. He stormed off. Classic. He's probably at Peng's halfway through a bottle of Bourbon. [echoing] Sir. Sir, can you hear me? Sir, do you remember your name? [monitor beeping] Sheriff Jimmy Pritchard. Get away from me. I got to find Mary, tell her about the cobra. Jimmy : Dumb idea, kiddo! Why am I over there? Sir, I-I think you just need to lay back and just relax, okay? You're in the stew now. Possible brain trauma, extreme disorientation. Let's get a psych evaluation just in case. Yeah. You better pull it together. Quickly. I feel like hell. I feel like I'm... 75 years old again. Don't you get it? There's something going wrong inside your body. And your little girlfriend's in trouble, too. So you got to get out of here. She's not my girlfriend. Whatever you say. [elevator bell dings] 
 
 I really need you to consider canceling this presentation. You have to, Mary. You have to cancel. I can't. Our stock is cratering. If they don't see me out there today, it's all over. It's too dangerous. You almost died this morning. Why risk it? I'm not risking it. You're here. I appreciate that vote of confidence, but... I'll do it. [sighs] If people need to see the face of the company, they can see mine. That's not a bad idea. When you spoke with the nurse, you told her your name was, uh, Sheriff Jimmy Pritchard? The man who died recently? Well, there's dead and there's dead. Do you ever feel depressed, worried, or anxious? Nothing any good glass of Bourbon wouldn't fix. Could I just use your phone? I'm sorry. I can't do that. Have you ever had feelings of wanting to harm yourself? Others, sure. But myself? I just need to get a message to somebody. Maybe you could just let me borrow it for a second? Um, do you ever drink to get drunk? Why? How do you do it? Or feelings of insecurity? Is this really a job? Can you just call the FBI, ask for my son? Your son works for the FBI? How old could your son be? Just ask for Agent Pritchard, okay? Whoa, whoa. Take it easy. You're blowing it. Just get a message to Agent Pritchard, okay? Tell him that the guy he's looking for has a cobra tattoo on his left arm. Oh, boy. A cobra tattoo? I know this sounds crazy. Well, we don't like to use that word. Well, try "idiot." Will you just shut the hell up?! I think a 24-hour observational hold might be advisable. This pooch is officially screwed. [flatline] Finally. You get your ass in gear before they lock us up for good. What the hell's happening to me? I don't know. I bet that egghead knows. [breathing heavily] Oh, no. I'm never gonna make it. Stop whining. [clatter] Hey, if you don't get out of here soon, your girlfriend's gonna be a goner, too. So get your ass up and call Duval. You need to tell him about the guy with the cobra tattoo. Woman :  ...will be starting in 30 minutes. Upon going through the security check, please follow directions to our main theater. Governor's agreed to send another 100 state troopers. Maybe the extra security layer will be a deterrent. Maybe. But I'm not taking any chances. I'm coordinating with local law enforcement, making sure our comms are in sync. Good. Man : All right, next in line. [beep] [indistinct conversations] ♪ [indistinct talking] Woman :  Cardiology attending to the E.R., please. Cardiology attending to the E.R. [breathing heavily] Okay. Uh... I should really learn to use one of these things. Uh, hello? Mary, Otto, anyone? Anyone read me? Arthur :  Hello, Sheriff Pritchard. Arthur, it's... it's me! I have established your identity and location. I have been scanning for your voice pattern. Tell Duval the guy he's looking for has a cobra tattoo on his left forearm. I'll communicate your message. And, Arthur... I could really use a cab. [indistinct conversations] [sighs] You don't have to do this. You know that, right? This time... I'm gonna take care of  you. Do I have to wear this tie? [laughs] You don't have to wear this tie. Here to present the Cobra9 operating system is Lookinglass founder and co-chairman Otto Goodwin. [cheers and applause] ♪ [camera shutters clicking] [clears throat] I, uh... uh... um, uh... [clears throat] [camera shutter clicks] They're uneven. It's the banner. He's stuck. He'll fixate on the banner. Don't... Mary : I'm sorry, Otto. [cheers and applause] I almost missed my cue. [laughter] You all know that Otto and I lost our parents when we were very young. And since then, our family has been me, Otto... and all of you. And I know that you're now aware of the struggle we've been going through behind the scenes for the past few months. There have been a lot of conversations about the future of this company. Suspect is a male with a cobra tattoo on his left forearm. Repeat... suspect is a male with a cobra tattoo on his left forearm. But despite what you're hearing everywhere, I am getting better. Lookinglass is growing stronger. I've got eyes on target. Section three. And we are both going to be around... You've got a green light. Take him down. ...for a very, very long time. [cheers and applause] Get on the ground! Don't move! [audience screaming] Don't move! [indistinct talking] Search his backpack. Sorry. No dead pool payout for you today. This is Griggs, sector 6. I have the suspect in custody, sir. I have a suspect, as well, sir. Cobra tattoo. I've got one here, too. ♪ Duval : Here. It's just their stuff. Nothing. They're clean. All right. Who wants to explain the big meeting of the cobra club? You. Start talking. I don't know what's going on. We work for Lookinglass. Who's we? We're software developers. We designed the Cobra System for the Lookinglass 9. The messaging app. So we all got cobra tattoos. We just got a tip that someone with a cobra tattoo might be here today intending to kill Mary Goodwin. Is there anyone else on your team? Malcolm. Malcolm who? Sprague. Total dick. Halfway through the project, he just stopped showing up, so... Ta-da! Me. I replaced him. He was weird, angry. Not a people person, even for a coder. [siren wails] Adair : Malcolm Sprague filed six lawsuits against Lookinglass in the last year in the amount of $50 million for a copyright violation, breach of contract, pain and suffering, and personal distress caused by "the bitch Mary Goodwin." I'm pretty sure "bitch" isn't a legal term. This is our guy. You'll have the search warrant by the time you hit Malcolm Sprague's door. Stairs! Down! Mary :  We cheat everyone at Lookinglass. We're using people, and I like it. Hi. I'm Mary Goodwin, and I promise you I'm going to lie. We cheat everyone at Lookinglass. We're using people, and I like it. Hi. I'm Mary Goodwin. That is seriously messed up. He's been all alone with this anger. Nothing else matters to him now. [gasps] Don't scream. Just start the car and drive where I tell you. Malcolm, please, if you're mad at me because I took your job... My job? You think I care about my job? Mary took more than my job. It was the team, wasn't it, Malcolm, that designed it? They were my ideas. My mind. Me! All right? Now she's gonna pay for it. Start the car and drive. [engine starts] ♪ Because of him, they identified the man who's trying to kill me. The FBI's searching for him right now. What's wrong with him? His endocrine system is failing. But the tank will fix that. It hasn't so far. There's a glitch in his code that the tank is not correcting. He's shutting down. You mean dying? Yes, dying. I don't know why. My code was perfect, but there's a glitch. I can't fix it. I'm worried, Mary. Are you worried? Yes. But I'm worried about him now. And what do we think if he dies? Arthur :  Mary, a personal message was just posted to your Lookinglass page that I think you should see. Go ahead. Malcolm :  You owe me for what you've taken. And now I've taken something of yours, one of your precious Lookinglass family. [ muffled whimpering ] You've ignored me, ignored my lawsuits. Then you go on TV and you wear your little white dress and you lie to the world. Go to the Iron Horse Campsite, 30 miles off Highway 61 at the Holston Exit. I'll meet you there. One hour. Come alone or she dies. [ muffled whimpering ] One hour. Remember, wear your little white dress. I'll make you a trade... You for her. I can't believe they're actually doing this. Doing what? They're going to meet him, the man who wants to kill Mary. They're really going to meet him. No, that's crazy. We have to stop them. I mean,  you  need to stop them. I could stimulate you. But what if I kill you? If you die, then Mary dies, it would be like I killed Mary. But if I don't, then Malcolm could kill Mary. Arthur, calculate risks. Arthur :  Incomplete data set. Factoring givens, there is a 19% chance for... Otto, just do it. [shakily] Okay. This is pure adrenaline. You're going to feel a little kick. But please... don't die. I'll do my best. [tires screech] [car horn honks] [tires screech] [cellphone rings] Hello? Are you wearing the dress? Yes. Good. You're obeying. There's been a change of plan. What? You're gonna be looking for an abandoned barn. Listen to me. I can pay you for your work and your time. Just let Kelly go. [scoffs] You do not have enough money to pay for what you stole from me. Malcolm, please. If you would like to see your precious employee again, you're gonna do what I say. Okay. Get off at Exit 2. Go to the barn. [muffled screaming] This is Adair. Malcolm Sprague just made contact. He's changed plans. He wants us to pull off a mile north off of Exit 2, an abandoned barn. Okay, we'll shift resources down to you. Stay put until they arrive. Not sure we have time for that. Agent Pritchard... [cellphone beeps] Agent Pritchard! [sighs] [muffled shouting] [car horn honks] Oh, no. [engine revs] [sighs] You got to be kidding me. [sighs] What the hell are you doing here? I'm here to help. That's what I'm doing here. How are you even moving? Otto gave me this big needle of something. What, you thought I ran off? Is that what he told you? That I was on a bender? What? That I was at Peng's? Was that it? You wrote me off, but now you need my help. So just... just say it. Go on. Just say it. Just you're happy I'm here and you need my help. Just say it. Say it. Oh, for God's sake. Just say it. Or we'll never get out of here. I'm glad you're here. You. And we need your help. You're welcome. Now let's go. Otto says I'm gonna pass out in about 10 minutes. ♪ [car doors open, close] Here. Put my vest on under your coat. My backup. This is my old service weapon. Your backup piece is my old gun? Let's not make a thing of it. Wasn't gonna. All right. Sprague will want to be on high ground far enough way to make an escape. The sunset will be at his back, so he's somewhere over there. [cellphone rings] "At 7:50, walk towards the barn." That's in four minutes. Get in the car and keep the doors locked. Stay there until you hear from us. And if four minutes goes by and I don't hear from you? No safety. Just a long trigger pull. Just point and squeeze. She'll do the rest. What about you? Kind of want to get my hands on him anyway. [breathing heavily] Look, why don't you stay here? I'll go up ahead. You don't even got a vest on. Get behind me. You worry about yourself. I'm fine. [muffled shouting in distance] [breathing heavily] Well, where the hell is he? [gunshot] [groans] I heard a shot. [grunts] [groans] [grunting] [warbling] [breathing heavily] Are you okay? Pritchard, Duval, are you okay? [both grunting] [muffled shouting] It's okay. It's gonna be okay. ♪ [gunshots] [breathing heavily] Oh, God. I thought you were dead. [sighs] You know, I'm getting a little tired of you saving my life. You just saved  my  life. What... what are you talking about? [sighs] [breathing heavily] [both chuckle] I've been carrying this around ever since I found out... who you were, deciding whether I should give it to you or not. It's got a big dent in it. Yeah. If you don't want it, I can take it back. No, no, I want it. I want it. [sighs] You keep my gun, though. [sniffs] I like knowing that's your backup. The glitch was impossible to predict because it did not exist in the subject's original code. His genetic code is evolving. His own body's rewriting it. We can expect there will be more changes. Arthur :  Otto, there is something else you should see. It's about Mary. I need to say something. When you didn't show up for my blood treatment and then when you stormed off... I did not storm off. And then when you disappeared and then when you were half-dead and then suddenly you show up... This is the worst apology ever. It's not an apology. It's just... when I thought you weren't there for me, it hurt, because... ...I wanted you to be there for me. What do you think that means? I think after 75 years, I know that when a woman asks me what I think something means, she knows what it means. Mary. The numbers from your most recent blood labs... What about my numbers? They're improving. It's not a cure. It's not even full remission. But it's the first clinical indication that the treatment is working. His blood is making you better. [sighs] We need to go public with this. With the new Cobra9 product launch and my numbers getting better, Lookinglass will be stronger than ever. Arthur, call Alexa. Mary. Mary! And then get the Board... Listen to him. You're alive. You're not dying. At least not today. No, not today. And neither are you. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 