Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x12 - Those Who Help Themselves - Allegiance 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x12 - Those Who Help Themselves https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=210&t=17960 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/24/15 13:23 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x12 - Those Who Help Themselves 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Mark : Previously on Allegiance... 
 Katya : Do you know the name Oscar Christoph? 
 Alex : Operative for hire, assassin. 
 He's the man the SVR have hired to carry out Black Dagger. 
 He makes his attacks look like accidents. 
 And he uses existing materials from his targets as the fuel source for his bombs. 
 I love you. 
 Oh, I love you. 
 man : Is everything prepared? 
 Christoph : Yes. Our window of opportunity is 42 to 46 hours from now. 
 And your source for this information... she's a loose end. 
 Touch her, I kill you. 
 Aah! 
 Please! 
 [yells] 
 Mark : There are dangerous men out there, really dangerous men, and they're planning to hurt a lot of innocent people. 
 And we are trying to stop them. 
 Alex : When I found out about Mom and Dad, I was mad too. 
 All this time, they were living this lie. 
 Alex O'Connor... the prime suspect in the murder of his partner, Michelle Prado. 
 He is a traitor, and now he is a fugitive. 
 I'm taking you in, Alex. 
 Sam, stop. 
 Faber's the mole. He killed Michelle. 
 You were trying to get out of town pretty quick, weren't you, Oleg? 
 [tires screeching] Why the hurry? 
 What are you running away from? 
 I know nothing, same as you. 
 Sorry, pal. 
 Let's talk about you turning yourself in. 
 [gunshots] 
 [grunts, breathing heavily] 
 Get out of here before anyone sees you, and find us something to use on Christoph. 
 It will all be over soon. 
 You don't know that. 
 I do. 
 I'm going to end it. 
 End it how? 
 Cut the head off the snake. 
 What the hell is that supposed to mean? 
 The Rezident? 
 That's suicide, you can't just kill the Rezident. 
 I can if those above him sanction it. 
 Why would the Kremlin ever sanction that? 
 The Kremlin isn't running SVR anymore. 
 I'm going to talk to the people who actually are, the people who ordered Black Dagger. 
 You don't even know who they are. 
 Not all of them, no. 
 But whatever group is pulling the strings, I'm willing to bet Uri Adulov is involved. 
 Adulov... the billionaire whose dad was the head of the KGB... you'll never get within a mile of him. 
 Adulov is in town. 
 He's partners in Club Bliss in Brooklyn. 
 I will go to him, and he and I will have a heart-to-heart. 
 The club does not open for six hours. 
 _ 
 Your plan is to have a heart-to-heart with him. 
 I'm talking to an insane person. 
 He will kill you, because he's a cold-blooded killer. 
 Who only cares about his own interests. 
 That's what I'll appeal to. 
 _ 
 You'll be outnumbered, outgunned, alone. 
 I can handle it. 
 If you can't, you're dead. 
 If I can't... we're dead. 
 _ 
 [cell phone beeps] 
 [gun cocks] 
 I love you. 
 And if this ends in tragedy, it will be because we were fighting back. 
 Victor Dobrynin. 
 It's a nice place. My compliments. 
 Resourceful man, Victor. 
 You actually convinced me to see you. 
 Well... 
 There are issues at the Rezidentura. 
 From what I gather, you are the issue. 
 No. It's the Rezident. 
 I need your blessing... to kill him. 
 You want to kill the Rezident? 
 He has failed you. 
 In what way? 
 Black Dagger. 
 I know about it, and others do. 
 I would describe that as failure in every way. 
 Call off Black Dagger. 
 If you don't, you ensure a war. 
 Do you understand what Black Dagger is? 
 It's not an attack. 
 It's a reordering... a gravitational shift. 
 It is only way to prevent war. 
 America has subjugated us for too long, humiliated us, sanctioned us. 
 Now there's coming a reckoning to restore Russia back to her proper place. 
 The only question is, does it come by open conflict or a single decisive act? 
 And if thousands die? 
 It's better than millions. 
 So, for sake of peace... my answer is no. 
 Black Dagger will happen. You cannot kill the Rezident. 
 And because you know about Black Dagger and you're working against it... you will die. 
 I'm sorry you couldn't see things my way. 
 Victor... 
 [man shuddering, grunting] 
 No, no, please. 
 You are alive for one reason... to deliver a message. 
 To who? 
 General Sergeyev. 
 [screams] 
 Alex, how long have I been... Three blocks. 
 You thought I was looking forward the whole time. 
 I wasn't. 
 You're learning. 
 Just don't get cocky. 
 The task force find anything on Faber? 
 Not yet, they still have no idea he was a mole. 
 What? Why? 
 Faber was good. 
 It's the reason he went 30 years without being caught. 
 Is there no way to help them along? 
 No, it's too risky. 
 Right now he's getting the fallen-hero treatment. 
 We start pointing fingers, we may implicate ourselves, taint what they find. 
 You said you had something. 
 I need a guarantee from you first. 
 This is not a used-car lot, Alex. 
 There's no bargaining. 
 I'm not. It's not for me. 
 I want protection for my family. 
 You know the SVR will stop at nothing to get to me. 
 All right, I'll tell Brock to put a protective detail on your parents' home. 
 I'll sell it as surveillance, in case you go back. 
 What did you find? 
 Oleg Zhulov. 
 The guy who spilled the beans about Black Dagger to Irina Semovetskaya? 
 I found something in the files you gave me... a connection between Christoph and Zhulov. 
 You're kidding. 
 No. 
 Zhulov was in many of the same places as Christoph in the last year Christoph was known to be active. 
 I think he was Christoph's set-up man... opening accounts, commandeering supplies, arranging logistics. 
 You need to get to Zhulov and talk to him. 
 Zhulov hasn't said a word since we took him down. 
 As I recall, he told me to screw myself forever. 
 Because you never had any leverage over him. 
 Now, with his connection to Christoph, you do. 
 I'm not sure even that would be enough to make him talk... unless... unless he already has. 
 [blowtorch hissing] 
 [hissing] 
 I'm checking out the van. 
 Yes, jet-black cargo van. 
 man on phone : All right. 
 It must be the exact model... a perfect match, down to the tinting. 
 Not a problem. Same tires? 
 That is correct... all-season treads. 
 All right. 
 Good. 
 Deliver it to the address and time provided to you. 
 [cell phone beeps, thuds] 
 [cell phone vibrates] 
 ÿQué tal, mi Amor? 
 How's Boston? 
 Oh, it's cold. 
 Your interview go okay? 
 Ah, very well, but I have to schedule a follow-up interview. 
 You know it never ends. 
 Oh, well, I was wondering, if you wanted to, maybe you could take the early train home? 
 Is everything all right? 
 Yeah, everything's fine. 
 Um, we'll talk when you get here. 
 Basame mucho, mi Amor. 
 Sam says the task force still hasn't figured out Faber's the mole. 
 Then they still think you're the mole. 
 And I'm concerned they'll track me here, and you'll all be arrested for harboring a fugitive. 
 Well, it's better if the FBI finds us here than the SVR. 
 I think you'd be safer going back home. 
 We'll just be sitting ducks for the SVR there. 
 Sam agreed to put an FBI detail on the house as surveillance in case I came back. 
 The SVR would never try anything in front of the FBI. 
 Sarah would be safe there. 
 Well, we can't stop Black Dagger if we're just sitting around the house. 
 The SVR will eventually find this place. 
 Katya : Not if Victor gets to the Rezident first. 
 Even if he succeeds, there's no guarantee the SVR will stop hunting us just because the Rezident goes down. 
 Sarah's not safe here. 
 No, she's not leaving my side again. 
 Mom. 
 Alex is right. She's safer there. 
 You, Dad, and Alex keep working. I'll take her home. 
 I'll wake her up. 
 [door opens] 
 [door closes] 
 Don't leave her side, not for anyone, not for any reason. 
 I won't. 
 Sergeyev on phone : You asked to speak with me? 
 Yes. 
 In person, then. 
 I'm sorry, General, there's no way I can get out of New York. 
 You don't have to. I'm in the city. 
 23rd and 11th... one hour. 
 [line clicks] 
 You know I love you. 
 And I love you. 
 For me, it's more than love. 
 I have so much respect for you, so much respect for the work you do as a journalist, as an activist. 
 You spend your life trying to help people. 
 You... you travel the world. 
 You... you give life to stories that deserve humanity's attention, and I would never want to change that. 
 I-I-I don't want to change you. I... It's not... 
 Elizabeth... what's wrong? 
 I-I have to make some decisions, and I've made a decision. 
 And it doesn't have to mean changes for us. 
 I mean, it would be changes for us. 
 Are you breaking up with me? 
 God, I hope not, but... you tell me. 
 [car door closes] 
 The FBI guys are outside. Alex was right. 
 We're safe here. 
 Yep, we're great. 
 Traded one prison cell for another. 
 Come on. 
 [chuckles] Look at the bright side. 
 We're alone. 
 We could do whatever we want... eat ice cream, crank up some music, play video games. 
 So not in the mood. 
 Mm. 
 [door closes] 
 You're wasting your time. 
 Oh, I'm not here to question you. 
 I'm here to thank you. I have your release paperwork here. 
 What are you talking about? 
 The deal you made in exchange for your freedom. 
 You're a survivor, Oleg. I respect that. 
 I made no deal. 
 That's odd. 
 According to this, you told us everything you knew about Black Dagger. 
 And this part is really good... 
 Oskar Christoph. 
 You identified the operative tasked with carrying out the attack. 
 I said nothing. 
 Well, sure, you did. 
 That's your signature right there. 
 I signed nothing. It's a fake. 
 Which would be very hard to prove in a timely manner, at any rate. 
 They will kill me if they think I spoke. 
 Well, I guess you're in a jam then. 
 So how about this? 
 You tell me everything you know about Black Dagger and Christoph, and we'll put you in protective custody. 
 You don't, we release you now. 
 And I'll make sure to leak your confession to the Rezident before you're out the door. 
 You can explain the misunderstanding as they're loading you into a furnace. 
 I don't know anything about the Black Dagger. 
 I believe you. 
 But you do know something about Christoph. 
 You have to, since you arranged logistics for him anytime he works for the SVR. 
 You can't prove that. 
 I don't have to. 
 All I have to do is let you go free. 
 Christoph's aliases... I know them. 
 I broke Oleg. Grab a pen and paper, kid. 
 What? What did... what did you find? 
 The pot at the end of the rainbow... Christoph's aliases. 
 Oh, this is huge. 
 He's using three. Task force is running them. 
 In the meantime, do your "Beautiful Mind" thing. 
 Dig into each one and see what you see. 
 What do you mean my "Beautiful Mind" thing? 
 Just do you, Alex. 
 Didn't expect you to be in the city, General. 
 It seems one of Russia's finest citizens was tragically killed... 
 Uri Adulov. 
 A robbery gone wrong... that's what Moscow's calling it. 
 That's unfortunate. 
 And messy... should the Americans find out. 
 I volunteered to fly in and collect the body on behalf of the nation. 
 And, of course, you wanted to talk to me. 
 The Rezident... he's out of control. 
 He's ruled by thieves like Adulov, not men of principle, like you. 
 Black Dagger is a mistake, and it has been compromised. 
 The men behind it would see this if they could listen to reason, but they can't see beyond their own ambition. 
 If an attack occurs, it will eventually be connected to SVR... and you, the Russian military, will be left holding the bag. 
 It is true. 
 The SVR has fallen under the control of oligarchs and international bankers. 
 Would you be surprised if I told you some aren't even Russian? 
 They care nothing for our country or our people. 
 Can you call off Black Dagger? 
 I don't know. 
 All I can do is appeal to those in Moscow and beyond who seem to actually control the SVR... though I fear we are too late in the game. 
 There is little time for appeals, General. 
 There is little choice. 
 But Adulov's death means they might listen more attentively now. 
 If you can kill the Rezident, you will be protected. 
 Good. 
 But there is one more thing I need. 
 What's that? 
 To be the new Rezident. 
 [door opens] 
 They find anything? 
 Sam just called. 
 He said the task force have a lead on Christoph... a warehouse in the Bronx. 
 Great. 
 He's gonna keep us posted. 
 In the meantime, I-I found something in one of Christoph's aliases... Marcos Oliva. 
 What about him? 
 Well, Sam ram the alias through the TSA database. 
 Marcos Oliva's passport has been swiped 18 times in the last year. 
 He's been all over the world. 
 Doing what? 
 Research. 
 He... on the 50 articles he's published. 
 He's an investigative journalist. 
 Real articles. On... on what? 
 I haven't read through them yet, but environmental activism from the bylines. 
 Marcos Oliva attended a multitude of energy conferences. 
 Energy solutions Summit in Berlin, World Future Energy Summit in Rio, Asia-Pacific Oil and Gas Assembly. 
 I mean, the list goes on. 
 He goes to two or three of those, it should provide sufficient intelligence for his cover. 
 Why would he attend so many? 
 There must be a connection between them, a common thread. 
 Say hello to Oskar Christoph... a man suspected in over 40 acts of political assassination and state-sponsored terrorism in the 1980s and early 1990s. 
 Until today, we thought he was dead. 
 Knowing he is not, he has just become the prime suspect in every unattributed terrorist attack since 1995. 
 And according to Oleg Zhulov, Christoph entered New York via Montreal on the 15th under one of three aliases. 
 If he is here, it is for one reason, and that is to execute Black Dagger. 
 Now, we have found a loft space leased under one of his aliases, John Phillips, and we are gonna hit it now. 
 
 
 
 [door buzzes loudly] 
 [machine whirring] 
 [alarm blaring] 
 Go, go! 
 Move! 
 FBI! 
 All clear! 
 man : Clear! 
 man 2 : Clear in there. 
 Anything? [indistinct chatter] 
 man 3 : Right there. 
 man 4 : All clear. 
 He messed up. He left a trail. 
 Get an ERT up here. 
 man on walkie-talkie : Copy that. 
 Get out. Everyone out... out now! 
 [beeping] 
 _ 
 You're a dead man, of course, but you know that. 
 Let's walk. 
 It's not my days that are numbered. 
 It's the Rezident's. 
 I'm going to kill him, which means you're out of a job and in a precarious position. 
 _ 
 Well, you can't be the Rezident's attack dog forever. 
 You're too smart for the way he treats you... like a valet, not an integral part of the SVR's mission. 
 I'm not a betting man, but if I were, tell me, why bet on you? 
 Uri Adulov. 
 You? 
 And the Rezident is next, with General Sergeyev's blessing. 
 What do you want from me? 
 Your allegiance, Roman. 
 What a mind, this Christoph. 
 Every article so meticulously researched and written in such excellent prose. 
 This one detailing an offshore drilling symposium, one on more environmentally friendly ways to process bituminous coal. 
 Press tour of wind farms in Gansu, China. 
 He's a cold-blooded killer, Mom. 
 Yes, I know, but he even won an Award. 
 Mom, I-I just... 
 I'm sorry. 
 Anything? 
 Any connection between the conferences? 
 Names, five. 
 Five different people attended the same conference as Christoph. 
 Her. 
 She was a speaker at every one of the conferences. 
 Elizabeth Simpson... works at the U.S. Department of Transportation Pipeline on Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, but why her? 
 Why not the other four? 
 Because she lives in New York City. 
 [door opens, keys jingle] 
 [door closes] 
 [sighs] 
 Hi. 
 Hi. 
 Work okay? 
 Okay. 
 Should I make us some tea? I got some new tea. 
 Elizabeth, come. Come, sit down. 
 Thank you. 
 DE nada. 
 [sighs] 
 You were right... about what you said. 
 I'm always moving, never able to settle down, slow down... always chasing, chasing, chasing. 
 I... wasn't sure what it was I was looking for, and then you told me about the baby, and my heart stopped. 
 I, um... 
 Well, the idea of staying in one place terrifies me. 
 It scares me, and I am not scared of anything, Elizabeth. 
 I see. 
 But you were wrong about why I'm always moving. 
 It isn't about saving the world and changing the world. 
 That's a lie I told myself. 
 The truth is... that I have been looking for a place where I belong, a person to belong to, someone that I trust. 
 I never thought I would find it. 
 But I have found that in you. 
 I belong here... with you. 
 When I finish the story I am working on, I will find work in New York, and I will be a father to our baby. 
 [laughs] 
 If you want me to stay. 
 Yes. 
 Yes. I love you. 
 I love you, Beth. 
 I have a few loose ends to tie up on my story, but how about dinner tonight, and we can celebrate the demise of my globe trotting? 
 Oh, may it rest in peace. [laughs] 
 Alex : I have to tell Sam. 
 This woman, Elizabeth, could be the key to everything. 
 [line trilling] 
 [cell phone beeps] It's just going to voice mail. 
 Alex, did Sam tell you the address of the warehouse they were raiding? 
 Uh, yes. Uh, Tremont Avenue, the Bronx... 
 600 East Tremont. 
 Mark, what's wrong? 
 Police scanners. Alex, I, um... 
 What? 
 There was an explosion at 600 East Tremont Avenue. 
 What? W-was anyone hurt? 
 They're saying no one survived. 
 No. 
 No! 
 Alex. 
 Okay, no... stop, stop. 
 No, no, no, calm down. 
 It's my fault. 
 It's no one's fault. 
 Oh, it's my fault. I killed them. 
 No, no, no, please don't. 
 It's all my fault! 
 Okay, okay. 
 I killed them! 
 Stop, stop, stop, stop. 
 No, no. 
 I killed Sam. I killed Michelle. 
 No, it's Christoph's fault, and we're going to make him pay. 
 No, we can't make him pay. 
 We tried to make Faber pay, and we didn't bring Michelle back! 
 Shh. 
 Okay. You're okay. 
 [crying] We have no one left. 
 No, no, we have her. 
 We have her, she's going to take us to Christoph. 
 She could be innocent. We can't hurt her. 
 We're not going to hurt her, baby, okay? 
 Okay. Okay, calm, calm. 
 Shh. 
 It's okay. 
 Shh. 
 Help me, and you're my new number two. 
 You'll be treated with respect and paid accordingly. 
 And if I don't? 
 No threats. 
 I walk away... you too. 
 But we will end up on opposite sides of a fight. 
 I hope that's not how it goes. 
 Getting to the Rezident will not be easy. 
 He beefed up security lately. 
 Something is going on. 
 I believe an operation of some sort. 
 There is only one place where he's ever alone, where he will be exposed. 
 Where? 
 Church. 
 You're serious? 
 [pounding on door] 
 Yes? 
 Elizabeth Simpson? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 I'm Agent Kim Solloway with the Department of Homeland Security. 
 We'd like to talk with you about Marcos Oliva. 
 Is everything okay? Did something happen? 
 He's a terrorist, Ms. Simpson. 
 No, t-this is a mistake. Marcos is not a terrorist. 
 You people are wrong. 
 Ma'am, this photo was taken by the CIA in Sarajevo in 1992. 
 This is Christoph, the man you know as Marcos Oliva, moments before he blew up a bus depot full of UN peacekeepers. 
 You mean to say you think he spent the last seven months, all the late-night phone calls and the letters and the weekend trips, manipulating me because he wants to use me? 
 We're afraid so. 
 No, it's impossible. 
 I... We met randomly, and it was... 
 A chance meeting in a restaurant or a hotel lobby during a conference? 
 He was unlike any man you'd ever known... disarming, insightful, sensitive. 
 It was like he could read your thoughts. 
 He knew just what to say. 
 It was like you were meant to be together. 
 And it felt that way because he researched every detail of your life. 
 He knew everything about you before he even met you. 
 No. He's Marcos. He's from Colombia. 
 He has two sisters. He has four nephews. 
 Have you been to his home in BogotÃ , met his family, any friends from home? 
 Have you even seen any childhood pictures of him? 
 You know what? I told you already. 
 We've been together for less than a year, and we have a trip planned there in August. 
 Mrs. Simpson... are you pregnant? 
 It's none of your business whether or not I'm pregnant. 
 Oh, but it is. 
 If you refuse to help us, you are aiding a fugitive, a known terrorist. 
 A lot of people are gonna die, and you're gonna end up having that baby behind bars. 
 You'll have it maybe three days before it's taken away from you. 
 You cannot do that. 
 We won't. 
 The courts will. That's the law. 
 You won't be able to nurse the baby or sing to it or rock it to sleep or any of the things that bond a baby to its mother. 
 That baby won't even know who you are. 
 Agent Solloway. 
 We need you to call him, Ms. Simpson, to bring him here. 
 So you can arrest him? 
 As he enters the building. 
 And we'll do it quietly and safely. 
 It's hard to betray someone you love. 
 No, it's not hard, It's awful. 
 I know. 
 This is how you can help him. This is how you protect him. 
 And your baby. 
 And you're not gonna hurt him? 
 No. 
 We'll take him peacefully. 
 [bell tolling] 
 [choral music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Go ahead. 
 I can't. What if he... I... 
 Katya : You can, Elizabeth. 
 Just stick to the script, and everything will be fine. 
 [sighs] 
 [line trilling] 
 Christoph on phone : ÿQué tal, mi Amor? 
 Hi, I was calling about dinner. 
 I'm feeling really nauseous, so I was wondering if we could just stay home. 
 Pobrecita. It's probably the baby. 
 Definitely the baby, yep. 
 Of course. I'll make soup. 
 It'll settle your stomach. 
 [chuckles] Okay, great. 
 I love you. 
 I love you too. 
 Are you okay with what we have to do? 
 Yeah. I'm okay. 
 Once you start shooting, empty the gun. 
 Christoph can't leave here alive. 
 Is that him? 
 No, no, no. 
 No, no. That's not him. 
 [sighs] 
 Have you heard anything? He should have been here by now. 
 Some of your files have restrictions. 
 I-I need your password. 
 Those are classified. 
 There's, uh, oil and gas blueprints on there and federal agency contracts and scheduling dates. 
 I-I could get in trouble. 
 You won't get in trouble. 
 I-I can't imagine what you're going through, but if we're right, information on one of these files will be used to kill thousands of people. 
 But you're not right. 
 Please. 
 Thank you. 
 [cell phone vibrates] 
 It's him. 
 [cell phone vibrates] 
 Hello? 
 Hi. 
 Hi. Where are you? 
 Christoph on phone : Brooklyn. 
 The man I was supposed to meet is running late. 
 He won't arrive for an hour. 
 Okay. 
 Will you promise me that you'll get something to eat before you come here? 
 I promise. 
 I have to thank you, Amor... for reminding me how people really are. 
 What are you talking about, Marcos? 
 You helped me. 
 You made me a better person... because I see the truth again. 
 No matter how badly you don't want to believe it's so, the truth is that there's no one you can trust in this world. 
 Marcos, what? What? 
 I can't even trust myself, because for a moment today, I thought that things could change for me. 
 They won't. 
 We are all fallen in the end. 
 Uh... 
 I love you. 
 I know. 
 I love you too. 
 [sobs softly] 
 I think I lost... [gunshot] 
 He... he shot her. 
 He... he shot her from... from across the street. 
 Alex, you stay down. 
 Don't move until you hear from us. 
 Damn it. 
 Your silence is louder than a scream. 
 Lost in prayer, Father. 
 Prayer looks different on one's face. 
 Your face reveals distress... the face of a troubled man. 
 It's been a long time since you've been in church, yes? 
 My mother used to take me when I was a boy. 
 Then she died. 
 I never went back. 
 But God brought you here tonight. 
 Not God. 
 Not God? 
 How do you know? 
 The things I have done... 
 I think they're beyond forgiveness. 
 Did you find anything on Elizabeth's computer? 
 I think Christoph's target... 
 Williamstown, Pennsylvania, Standard Gas facility. 
 Oh, my God. 
 Elizabeth Simpson oversees... oversaw the replacement of highly sensitive pressure valves used in natural gas processing plants and fracking operations. 
 I checked her computer. 
 There's a site scheduled for maintenance tomorrow morning. 
 The... the Standard Gas Williamstown processing plant. 
 If Christoph tampered with those valves... 
 That plant becomes a giant bomb. 
 The facility... it's near a school, a-a community college. 
 There's a church, a mall. 
 This would kill tens of thousands of people. 
 [door closes] 
 We have a problem, a big one. 
 Boom! 
 Ugh! 
 Hey, come on! I'm still trying to figure out the controls. 
 Aw, keep trying. 
 It's on, bitch. 
 Oh, yeah? 
 Oh! Yes! 
 No, that was me! 
 Thompson and Gutierrez should have checked in 15 minutes ago. 
 [walkie-talkie beeps] 
 Thompson, Gutierrez, what, did you guys fall asleep on me? 
 [walkie-talkie beeps] 
 Thompson, Gutierrez, radio check. 
 [walkie-talkie beeps] 
 Please respond, over. 
 [walkie-talkie beeps] 
 [thud] 
 What the hell? Was that the door? 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 