Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x04 - Who Is It Who Can Tell Me Who I Am - Shades of Blue 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x04 - Who Is It Who Can Tell Me Who I Am https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=541&t=24960 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/29/16 13:39 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x04 - Who Is It Who Can Tell Me Who I Am 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on Shades Of Blue... 
 I heard shots. They sounded real. You heard them too, right? I'll protect you. I don't want to be this kind of cop. I got to make this right. Neighborhood's raising money to bury the man I killed. Funeral's tomorrow. You can come. Son of a bitch is folded up at 2:00 AM. Amber wanted to know if my husband wanted to have  some late-night fun. You're about to move a lot of illegal cash. Meet me at the marina in two hours. I'm wiring you for the meet. Are you crazy? If I'm the mole, I must have a wire. Harlee, stop. I'm a little worried to let you in. Might cross that line. You could kiss me. Where are the rest of my clothes? I'm lacking any incentive to answer that question. Okay, uh, what time is it? I'll have to write an apology note to the neighbors. [phone ringing] Huh. I once arrested a blonde Caroline from an Occupy rally. She was from Greenwich. It's my ex-fiancée, from New Canaan. I never saw so many white college graduates in one place. I can't say she didn't go. She's building up her First Amendment practice. She's a lawyer? [phone ringing] Sorry. Why don't you answer it? Don't go. Take care of New Canaan. ♪ what's reality with all these questions? ♪ 
♪ feels like I missed my alarm and slept in ♪ 
♪ slept in ♪ 
♪ broken legs, but I chase perfection ♪ 
♪ these wounds are my blank expression ♪ 
♪ my mind is a home I'm trapped in ♪ 
♪ and it's lonely inside this mansion ♪ [yelling] ♪ 
♪ it's lonely ♪ 
♪ oh yeah ♪ 
♪ it's lonely ♪ Sir, please step down from the railing. ♪ inside this mansion ♪ Don't you ever sleep? I couldn't pick up your Wozniak meeting live, so I need to download the recording. And that couldn't wait till the morning? Things can go bump in the night. Oh, so now you're protecting me? Your own personal guardian angel. Is that what stalkers are calling themselves these days? Speaking of which, does that DA of yours-- he charge by the hour? I got my money's worth, but I'm guessing you know that already. I'm sorry to disappoint you, but rules state we're not allowed to listen to anything not having to do with the case. It's good to know you're all about the rules. Because I did some research, and FBI regs say that I don't have to wear a wire if I don't want to, especially if it puts my life in danger. I would think staying out of prison would be sufficient motivation. It was a trap at the marina. Wozniak's hunch was me. I was lucky to walk out of there. That doesn't even make sense. You passed his polygraph. Listen for yourself. He's paranoid now, and with good reason. What did you do? I danced. I backed him off. But I'm not wearing that thing. That wouldn't be a problem, Harlee, if I could trust you. But for that to happen, I need something specific on Wozniak, something that advances this investigation. Keep the wire off me and I might have a chance. I can give you a ride home. Yeah, because you're all about my safety. [rock music playing] [indistinct TV chatter] You mind if I share a little? Knock yourself out. "Always faithful." Did you serve? Nah. I just like military stuff. You want to play? ♪ carry on till you're gone ♪ ♪ solitary one ♪ [groans] [dog whimpers] ♪ solitary one ♪ 
♪ the wolves are in the yard rolling 'round in the sun ♪ 
♪ you're locked up inside my solitary one ♪ 
♪ oh ♪ 
♪ [engine turns over] ♪ What the hell do you want? [glass shattering] [car alarm blaring] Damn it, not tonight. Stop! You getting out? Lady, what are we doing? Are we going, or are we staying? This is Detective Santos, requesting immediate backup on 4th and Grant for a possible armed robbery in progress. [suspenseful music] ♪ [alarm blaring] Police! Hands in the air. On the ground. On the ground! Drop the bag. Bitch pulled the panic alarm. 5-0, man. Yo. Drop the knife. No, we're leaving. I'll do this fool right now. Look, just be cool. Be cool, all right? Right now, you're only looking at armed robbery. Hey, get the money. Get the money. Look, how bad do you want to make this on yourself? All right, you got paid, let him go. Blue lights coming, man. We got to bounce. No! No! Don't! Don't, don't. You're gonna be all right, but you can't take it out, okay? I need an ambulance! Two male suspects, armed, fled eastbound on 4th! [sirens blaring] It's okay. It's okay. It's not what it looks like. I'm not an overly intelligent man, but if it walks like a duck, and it talks like a duck, usually it's a fricking duck. Sap, tell your buddy down at the lab to rush my prints from my bodega robbery. The lab prioritizes homicides. If you hadn't saved your victim's life, you'd have your prints by now. What were you doing in that neighborhood at 3:00 in the morning anyway? First in line for bagels. Hamlet here can go on a bagel run. According to our friends at the 5-7, he claims he dropped his phone taking a picture of the Roosevelt Island Bridge. No, I'm good to work. I wasn't trying to jump. I'm gonna choose to believe you, because we're all hands on deck today. Woz got in a car accident. When? Is he okay? Got a skull like a rhinoceros. He's fine, but I need you guys to work my robbery till I get back. Forget the skull, how's the Cadillac? Loman. Keep your feet on the ground. Amber, right? Hey, how's it going? You lose a puppy or something? I'm filing a complaint. Oh, a pot hole in front of the bar? Police brutality. That's my specialty. You have every reason to be upset. I think I can help. Yo, where you going, shutter-bug? Can we just drop this? Oh, the bogus photo-op story? Yeah, good idea. I don't think the man realizes what exceptional detectives we are. I was trying to ditch my gun, all right? And what is wrong with your gun? Hey. Is this the drug dealer you shot? They're burying him today. A funeral card? What you gonna do? Send him flowers? Hmm? You need to see somebody, man-- a rabbi, priest, department shrink, hooker. That's the luckiest gun in the precinct-- never been fired. What, you want to trade me or something? You've proven yours is accurate. Yeah, what do you say, Loman? Lay this to rest with him. All right. My work here is done. Yeah. Do what you got to do to get your head straight. Don't embarrass us again. You gonna die on me? Is that what you're hoping for? I haven't decided yet. This betrayal, Harlee, it's really messing with my head. Last night, me pulling a gun on you is like you being the rat. It's just-- I'm sorry. I'm really, really sorry. I love you. I decided I might want you to live. That's good, because the doctor said a knock on the head isn't fatal. Plus I got a favor to ask. Oh, now you're pushing it. I need you to pick up an empty van, move it to the parking spot that's aside my storage unit. You'll get a text with the location. What's this about? Cristina's future. It's just an empty van, nothing else? It's clean. Nothing that can come back to us, okay? We good? Surveillance footage from Harlee's bodega shows one suspect wearing a red hat. And a patrolman recovered this two blocks from the scene. Is it just me, or do criminals get stupider every year? Got his phone number in there? Where's Loman? He was just here. Maybe he went to get his head straight. Or to pay his respects. We all know my cousin was no angel. He had what he called his "tendencies." And he tended to them regularly. But when the kids needed a coach... [door opens] He stepped up. Now I'm not trying to make him out to be some kind of a saint, but he didn't deserve to get shot down like that. [all murmuring] Is there anyone else who would like to speak? Anyone? I got something to say. Go ahead, brother. If we don't pull him out, he's dead. Go get the car. I'll be out front. I, uh... didn't know Jamar that well. Our, uh... our paths only crossed once. It's the police! What the hell they doing? Oh, my God. This wasn't supposed to happen, all right? This wasn't right, and I just want you all to know that I'm sorry, all right? I'm sorry from the bottom of my heart. Let's go. What are you doing? Are you seriously doing this? Sorry for the interruption. Official police business, sorry. You couldn't wait till you got outside? I need you to back up! Sir, I need you to back up. You can get your hands off me, man, like, it's not even that serious. Come on, come on. Yo, we don't have to be like-- You know, we can just-- Yo, calm down, man. It didn't have to be like that. Stop resisting! [all shouting] Hey, hey, back up! Back up! Yo, it's all right. It's all right, just calm down. [all shouting] Come on, man, let's move. Carlos, watch your back! Let's go. Whoa, whoa. Hey! Hey! [siren blaring] You see that? Let's go! Go. Shut up. How's your rash? You left Loman in the car? Yeah. Wozniak got this one wrong. There's no way in hell this kid should be in our unit. It's complicated. Then you explain that crazy-ass move. Suicide by angry black mourners? Look, he's not crazy. He's-- he feels guilty. Hell, everybody's guilty. He put down an armed drug dealer. Get over it. [siren wails in distance] It wasn't a clean shoot. Hold up, the dealer shot at you. No, he wasn't armed. He was playing a video game. And Loman covered it up? No, I covered it up for him. Well, damn, Harlee. I would've done it for any of you. Well, he's not one of us. [phone beeping] Well, he is now. Look, I gotta make a run for Woz. Can you keep him on ice? Yeah, we'll do more than that. Play nice, all right? Use your words. Yeah. Got a DNA match from a hair follicle in the red hat at Harlee's bodega, and an address on our suspect. Let's roll. Nah, we need to settle this Loman thing first. I say we just cut him loose. If Loman opens his mouth to Internal Affairs, he's gonna bring Harlee down with him. If he's suicidal, we need to know. Can't be riding around with a time bomb. What do you got in mind? [train approaching] A little detour. [phone rings] Incoming phone call, that's a milestone. I told you I'd get you something. Wozniak sent me to pick up a van. Oh, yeah? What's it for? I don't know. He wasn't in a place where he could get into it. Industry terminal parking lot. We'll meet you there. And Harlee, good work. [dark music] ♪ Any altered or diminished sensations? You don't get your fingers out of my face, I'll give you an altered sensation. [phone ringing] What about this? Does this hurt? No, it's fine. It's Linda. Uh, no, he can't. He's in the middle of an exam. Here, let me get-- here. It's Harlee. Hey, what's up? What have you gotten us into? I'm looking at counting machines and explosives. You said the van was empty. Yeah, it's supposed to be empty. I'll be back on my next rotation. No, no, you're not going anywhere-- hold on. He was just trying to help. Yeah, on his schedule. Please just get him back here. What now? You lied to me. I didn't lie to you. I wouldn't do that. Either you lied or you don't know what's going on. Which is it? I didn't know anything was gonna be in the van, Harlee. That's the truth. Well, then, you're in way over your head. Look, if you want to leave, I can't stop you, and I don't blame you. You know what? Just stay there. I'm coming over there now. No. Look, stay, all right? I'll take care it. Are you sure? Yeah. [tense music] ♪ Hey! Okay, okay, okay, I get you. All right, I hear your point. You know, guilt's screwing with your head, Loman. We got to silence it. I'm not playing this game. The voices in your head don't go away on their own. Look, you guys got this all wrong. I wasn't trying to kill myself. No, now you want to repent? So here's your chance. And this is your priest. Take the gun, Loman. No! Take it! No, no, no-- hey. Man, you almost got us killed in that church back there. You understand me? I didn't ask you to come! No, you didn't ask for our help, but we gave it 'cause we're family. Now, you want to off yourself, do it. But your lame-ass cries aren't only going to end your career. You're pissing away Harlee's too. And that ain't happening. You know what they say, right? A bullet never lies. So you take the gun, and you let fate decide. No. I were you, I'd take my chances with fate, Loman. No. No, I won't do it. Pull the trigger and get this over with! No! No! No! Guess he's not suicidal. Turns out you want to live, huh? Come on, get up, man. Get up! Put your hands behind your back. [handcuffs click] You already take a look inside? It's empty. What'd Wozniak say? He said there'd be a van. He didn't say there'd be anything in it. Something off with this floor. Anything under here? I don't know. False bottom. Wozniak say anything about this compartment? No. He just sent you out to pick up an empty van? Maybe they're planning to fill it. Yeah, and maybe you emptied it before we got here. I got here a minute before you. Found something. Hey, what's this plug into? What am I, Radio Shack? You're like a battered woman. I listened to that recording last night, and Wozniak was ready to put a bullet in your head, until you talked him out of it. Look at you. You're still trying to protect him. [tense music] ♪ Open the trunk. Seriously? Yeah. Keys. ♪ You know, if Wozniak wasn't reaching beyond simple graft, neither of us would be in this position. Where did he tell you to take the van? We'll follow you. 
 
 [hip-hop music] [horn honking] Here they come! 5-0! Police! You guys gonna leave me here? Sit tight. We got real criminals to tend to. ♪ All right, get set. Ready? Hut, hut, hike! Come on, let's do another one. Ready? Hut, hut! ♪ You touched the car. No, I didn't. He's out of bounds. I didn't touch it. You saw it. He touch the car or not? Car's out? Why do you think I'm asking? ♪ Yeah, he brushed it a little. [sighs] What'd they get you for? Killed a man. Did he deserve it? [door opens, closes] I'm innocent, man. Hey! Come on! Get out of the way. Marvin. Marvin! Get your ass in here. You want to get shot out here? You steer clear of police. Do you hear me? Aah! Ow! Come on, man. There you go, Ricky. Was that so hard, huh? Let's go, let's go. ♪ Night driving at your age? You might want to invest in a pair of those drugstore spectacles. What are the explosives for? To think I was worried you might've actually gotten hurt. What are they for, Donny? It's better for you if you don't know. Tell me now or I'm walking. You want to help me up? It's a controlled explosion, all right? An old warehouse scheduled for demolition. Nobody gets hurt. Pick-up, delivery, security. That's what the deal was. You want to explain to me what happened with Harlee? I told you, I was wrong. Hey! I need to know if you're still in. Yeah, you do. [dark music] ♪ Wozniak owns this place? The shed, not the marina. His uncle left it to him. You met him here last night? How many fishing boats do you think he has? And he sent you back here the very next day? That's messed up. You're wasting your time searching. Grunt work like this is what led me to you, Harlee. Yeah, and now you're wasting my time. Well, Agent Chen can give you a ride back to your car. Anna Kate? Wozniak's daughter. Right, suicide. Can't be easy having Wozniak for a father. She was clinically depressed. Proving my point. You suck at foreplay, Saperstein. Move it. I got to pick Troy up from practice. How'd it go with Loman? He wants to live. We confirmed it. He's cooling off, taking a shower. Shouldn't you be convalescing? Listen carefully. Don't freak out. But that waitress you assaulted the other night at the bar, she came in to file a complaint. That slut's complaining about me? I talked her down, sort of. What do you mean you-- sort of? Now all she wants is an apology. [sighs] Need someone to play bad cop. All right, listen up. I am bloated. I'm cramping. My shoes are killing me, and my husband's cheating on me. And I have to go apologize to the bitch that he's been screwing. I'm gonna kill someone before this day is over. Bernard did it. It wasn't right, what he said about Wozniak's daughter. My cousin committed suicide. I'm sorry. His father was a tough guy, loyal, and a little scary. You gonna ask me if I know any men like that? Do you? Look, you want to know why I've been loyal to Wozniak? It's simple. I owe him everything. I trust him. Does saying it out loud help you believe it? [engine turns over] [dark music] ♪ They were never gonna let you pull the trigger, you know. I'm not gonna lie to you, Loman. You screwed up. You know it, I know it, and now the crew knows it. Don't make this worse by not burying this thing. Time moves in only one direction. With all due respect, sir, I don't get to move on the way you do. Loman, I've done the same thing and then some-- justified shootings, but a killing just the same. It's not the same. You're a white cop. On average, how many white perps do you lock up? I don't know. I don't keep a log. We're picking up people who look like me eight times more than people who look like you. Last I checked, we're picking up criminals, not crayons. Sir, you pick up any crayon in the box, it's expected. I pick the same one, and I'm a Tom, right? I'm a sellout. This is my neighborhood, and to them, it looks like I chose to side against my own. Loman, Loman... We're "your own" now. What happens to you happens to all of us. Not some black guy that gives you an extra dirty look when you book him. Who cares? I can handle him. What I can't handle are these kids scattering in the streets terrified that the police are gonna shoot them. Taught to be that way. Nah, someone's got to show them that being a good cop isn't the exception to the rule. What, are you saying I'm not a good cop? I'm a black cop that shot a black man playing a video game. Whose bad heroin killed two people-- the people that you're trying to protect. I didn't know that. I didn't know that. We don't get to fight a preemptive war. We don't get to pop people because of what we think they're gonna do, but it happens all the time. And that's why they're afraid. That's why they don't trust us. Yes, we do not get to shoot people in the head before we know that they're bad guys. But make no mistake about this, Loman. We are absolutely fighting a preemptive war. That's what policing is. Now, you're in this for the right reasons. You've got heart, and you've got balls. But listen to me. Sometimes the right decision isn't in the book. Thought somebody might be following me, so I parked the van at the marina instead of your storage. I got it from here. What are we doing, Woz? Preparing for a rainy day. Yeah, well, the clouds are rolling in. FBI's on our tail. We go from taking tribute and, what, keeping peace on the streets, to vans with explosives? And you're not being straight with me. It's a security job, some fat cats moving cash offshore. It's four hours, one night, in and out. That's it. It doesn't fit our criteria. It's not small. It's not simple-- All we have to worry about is finding the informant. That's it. What we were doing before-- before the FBI-- that was enough. Cristina's college is gonna be $250,000. You're a single mom on a cop's salary. It's not enough, Harlee. Don't pretend like this is for me. Well, it's for all of us, yes. I've got five years left till retirement. I've seen these pension-strapped mopes working security in parking garages. I'm not gonna do it. I've worked too hard for that. Yeah, well, if we do this, you won't have to worry about your pension. You'll be spending your twilight years in prison. Harlee, I put you through a lot last night. And I'll make it up to you, I promise. This isn't about that. Look, the crew's got a line on the knifeman from the robbery. Guy's got a history of domestic abuse. You take Loman, you go talk to the ex. Make him feel useful. Woz. Then you can clock out after that. Woz! Thank you. So, different bar job, same skanky little getup, huh? Is that crazy person for "I'm sorry?" So let me get this straight. Your life can't go on without an apology? You could have blinded me, bitch. No, no, honey, you're already blind, prancing around in your little mini skirt, ruining people's lives 'cause you're dumb and horny. You can blame me all you want, but your husband came after me, not the other way around. You are nothing but sweat and friction-- a blow-up doll. You realize that, don't you? He used you. Yeah, over and over again, and I loved every sweaty minute of it. This isn't an apology. I'm pressing charges. Just, just-- Do you know how hard I've worked to keep my marriage afloat? No, and I don't care. But if it's that hard, maybe it's broken. Unbelievable. You're right. You're right. About what? Don't you worry about it. You want an apology? Here you go. I'm sorry. I'm sorry that I kicked your ass. All right, whatever. Just leave. I'm not done. I'm sorry for more than that. I am sorry that someday you're gonna be struggling to keep that body of yours. And you're gonna be buying miracle creams and bras, just to prove that the kids didn't suck the bounce out of you, doing everything you can to keep your husband still interested. And then some dumb little girl's gonna come along and prove just how desperate you've become and just how much time you've wasted. That is really gonna suck for you. [dark music] [knock at door] Oh, sorry. Am I early? No. Come in. This is the most orderly male apartment I've seen. Are you OCD? The marina shed was clean. Did Wozniak's uncle own anything else? Passed away in 2008. No other properties or rentals in his name. I did make progress with Harlee, though. Got her to talk about Wozniak. Nothing we didn't know, but it's a start. How'd you get her to open up? I told her my cousin committed suicide. I'm sorry to hear that. It's not actually true. I've just found that empathy building is the most successful-- His daughter. What? His daughter, Anna Kate. You checked out the rental history of the wrong dead relative. We should search for storage units under her name. The knifeman from the robbery used to live with this woman. You think she'll help us? Hope so. Used to punch her too. You ready for this? I'm ready to do my job. [knock at door] Silvia Johnston, we're looking for Bernard Perkins. Bernard's not here. I-I don't know where he is. That golf ball under your eye suggests differently. He didn't do this. I haven't seen him in months. Look, I'd feel better if you'd open the door and let us take a look. You got a warrant? Didn't think to get one. Then get your foot out of my house. He's in there. [dialing] Yep. - [line trilling] This is Detective Santos Where are you going? Best case, this takes till tomorrow. Tomorrow? Did you see her face? Yeah, and I also heard what she said. [crashing, glass shattering in room] Probably the TV. You saw her eye. He's knocking her around. Look, by law, there's nothing we can do. This is ridiculous. Unless... What? You heard a cry for help. Oh, come on, Harlee. Did you hear a cry for help, Loman? Yes. Are you sure? You understand what I'm asking you? Yes, I heard a cry for help. All right, then. [gun cocks] Loman... don't blow anybody's head off. Right. Don't worry. Your story plus my story puts him away easy. What are you looking at? You want to go another round, bitch? You didn't hear, Bernard? That bitch tapped out. I'm in the ring now. You ain't stabbing people at the bodega. You in my house. Can't hide behind you forever. That punk's gonna have to see me on the block! In the cell block, then you're headed for the other one. Didn't your mother tell you not to stab people? My mama did. She's scared. You know, he's a paycheck with a fist. I suggested she find one without the other. What's Wozniak's daughter's birthday? 02-19. It's macabre, renting a storage unit in your dead daughter's name. Guess it makes sense if you're building a shrine. Hang on. I got something here. Four counting machines. How much cash are they expecting? Each counts close to 1,000 $100 bills a minute. [dark music] ♪ Boom. [classical music playing] ♪ [doorbell buzzes] Hi. You came to return my bakeware? Please tell your daughter she's a culinary genius. Is that her playing? Yes. Wow. Bakeware aside, I came to tell you I looked into the case you mentioned-- the guy you dated, Miguel Zepeda. How strong is his appeal? I'm waiting to hear back from his lawyer, but they don't have to tell us anything until the hearing, which is set for ten days from now. I thought you'd want to know. Yeah, thank you for the information. You want to come in and have a glass of wine? Yes. Which is why I shouldn't. Oh. Is the weather getting better in New Canaan? [laughs] Look, if I would've known that you and her were still-- We're not. But based on what happened last night, I should probably not come in. Well, then, I'm gonna come out. Give me a sec. She's just a kid. She's ballsy. I was like that 20 years ago. I want to know why he needs her, and why I'm not enough. Look, I got a lot of reasons to hate your husband, but even I don't think that's what he'd say. Well, you've never been married. You don't know how bad it can get. What do I know? All I know is, a woman like you, you're worth all the bad in the world. [stirring music] ♪ Yo. Hey. Sup? Nothing much. How you doing? I got you something. Boom. Yeah, now you can do some reading after lights out. That's what's up! How much it cost? Hey, you know you don't ask that about a gift. Sorry. This is awesome. Thank you. Why don't you run down the hall and show Marcus? Okay. Hi. Hi. You know, I can show you how to borrow some e-books from the library. Oh, my God. What did they do to you? It's nothing. Come on. You, uh... you cold? Mm, do you throw your cloak over mud puddles for ladies to walk across? My cloak-- if I wore a cloak, I don't think any ladies would be sitting anywhere near me. So, this type of hearing that Miguel has-- do people ever get released after one of them? Not often. The convicts rarely meet the burden of proof. But we'll bring up his criminal record, his history of violence. Look, I know you were young when you got together, but I don't know how a woman like you would ever be with a guy like that. He was a big deal in the neighborhood. [poignant pop music] Ran his own crew. ♪ He had power. ♪ [whistles] And he made me feel safe. Hey! [whistles] At first. ♪ Like nothing bad could happen to me, 'cause I was under his protection. I don't know. Why do we do any of the messed up things we do, and tell ourselves it's okay? Who we think we are and who we turn out to be-- are they ever the same? Best we can hope for is another  day to try to get it right. So you gonna tell me? What? Why did the police drag you out of the funeral like that? ♪ I did things. Bad things. Haven't we all? Crooked-ass police, running around like a bunch of murderers. ♪ Yeah, murderers. ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 