Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x09 - Live Wire Act - Shades of Blue 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x09 - Live Wire Act https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=541&t=25771 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/04/16 16:29 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x09 - Live Wire Act 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Shades of Blue"... 
 Why did Wozniak frame Miguel Zepeda? 
 Miguel was my boyfriend. 
 He worked me like a speed bag for two years. 
 If you help me find another way to nail Wozniak, I won't pursue anything else involving Miguel Zepeda. 
 He's been talking about something big going down. 
 You're about to move a lot of illegal cash. 
 Woz is convinced that Saperstein's the mole. 
 You've been talking to the Feds. 
 I had no choice. 
 Whoa! 
 Stop! He's still breathing! 
 Did you do it? 
 He's my friend too, and a cop! 
 Bomb threat just called in. 
 We located a suspicious package. 
 [monitor beeping] 
 I will make this right. 
 Wozniak killed Saperstein. Get me a wire. 
 [dramatic music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [Nina Simone's "Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood"] 
 ♪ ♪ 
♪ Baby you understand me now ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ If sometimes you see that I'm mad ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ Don't you know no one alive can always be an angel? ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ When everything goes wrong you see some bad ♪ 
♪ But I'm just a soul whose intentions are good ♪ 
♪ Oh Lord, please don't let me be misunderstood ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ Don't let me be misunderstood ♪ 
♪ I try so hard ♪ 
♪ So please don't let me be misunderstood ♪ 
♪ ♪ [flicks switch] [buzzer sounds] 662. Come in, 662. [trumpet playing "Taps"] Calling Detective Saperstein. ♪ ♪ All units, be advised, Detective David Saperstein has gone quiet. He will be 10-7. He is honorably cleared from duty. ♪ ♪ We'll take it from here. Seeing you in blue takes me back. You work plain clothes as long as I have, uniform becomes a symbol of tragedy. Keep the thing in the back of my closet so I don't have to see it. Think people are wondering why I didn't speak? No, I think they understand. No, they don't. I do. [droning music] ♪ ♪ All we can do is hope for forgiveness. I'm gonna go home. You should too. How are you holding up? I'm not. Nothing puts priorities in perspective like a senseless death. I couldn't sleep last night; I kept running scenarios how I could have prevented it. If we're listing regrets, I think I got you beat. Come on in. [unlocks door] You bought me a gift? New wire for a new day. Same stone, same setting. Don't get excited. Doesn't make us engaged. Good, 'cause I actually need this one back in one piece when we're done. You thirsty? I think I have some iced tea. Yeah, sure, yeah. Has Wozniak mentioned anything more about the score? Timeline? Details? I mean, I can nudge him a little bit, but he doesn't seem eager. Heart's not in it. Well, let me guess. He stood out there today in front of the rank and file and played the guilt-stricken patriarch to perfection. No. It was real. You'd have to know Wozniak to understand. I do know him, Harlee. I profiled the man. Wozniak may have killed Saperstein, but he also loved him. Harlee, I gave you my assurance that the information on Miguel Zepeda stays buried. Your abusive ex-boyfriend stays in jail... Didn't take you long to remind me of that. But I need you to keep the commitment that you made to me last night. Look, I'm not defending Wozniak anymore. I asked to wear that wire, for Sap. I'll find out whatever this job is... or was, if Wozniak decides not to do it. Don't worry. I'll take him down. Donnie, I'm not gonna be able to make it to school tomorrow. Well, make sure you do. We're going on a field trip. [laughs] Well, I always cut during field trips. The job is going down in two days. You wanted a face-to-face with our partners, I made that happen. Hope they don't want their C-4 back. No, what they want is to shake your hand. Woz, there's a meet set. We're supposed to pick up some kind of package. Donnie, I can't talk anymore. [exhales] This is a good place to rest. [Claire Guerreso's "Drifting Away"] This is a good place to rest. ♪ ♪ 
♪ I can see what's coming ♪ 
♪ There ain't no use in running ♪ 
♪ We're setting like the sun Your twilight has begun ♪ Oh, would you listen to that? ♪ Oh ♪ 
♪ I didn't think it'd be easy ♪ 
♪ I didn't know it'd be this hard ♪ 
♪ Don't wanna let you go but I can't keep you from ♪ 
♪ Drifting awa-ay ♪ 
♪ Wish I could take away all of your pain ♪ 
♪ Instead of playing this losing game ♪ 
♪ ♪ You're not him. ♪ Drifting ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ Still you're drifting awa-ay ♪ 
♪ Damned if you do damned if you don't ♪ 
♪ We're all burning down on a slow fade ♪ 
♪ Drifting Drifting ♪ 
♪ Drifting away, away, away ♪ Hey. You didn't make it home. Nah. Linda called? No, just... you got dirt on your back. I was howling at the moon. You're carrying a lot right now. [sighs] You know, there's no reason that you have to handle that  all on your own. One bad night. [laughs] And not an easy morning. It's called a conscience. Tends to act up after a murder. I'm not talking about the guilt. I'm ready to feel like a team again. Let me know when you are. The date's set. Job goes down day after tomorrow. Looks like she's finally playing for the right team. I gotta make sure that we're solid. I'll get the details tonight. If I like it, then I'll brief the crew, see if they want to do it. Details tonight means something's happening today. [laughs] An ice cream social. 12:30 this afternoon. I'll go with you. It's not a plus-one. Then I'll tail you. [laughs] My turn to protect you. And if I'm you're partner in this thing, start treating me like your partner. I think you owe me that much. [door opens and closes] [pings, clatters] Busy morning? I used to do this every day until I sank ten. Drove Saperstein crazy. I can't imagine why. He always put his cup on his desk. He... he never learned. [laughs] Anyway, I'm at nine, and this one feels lucky. Aw, man. [phone rings] [phone ringing] Someone gonna answer it? Detective Saperstein's desk. So a robbery-in-progress calls Saperstein's line and not 911. You think Sap was running his own secret Blackwater operation for the hood? Down here. He said they were armed. Where's Loman when you need him? Well, he's covering the alley with Tess. Ladies first. [energetic music] NYPD! Let me see 'em! I get surprised, you get popped! ♪ ♪ Sir, I'm gonna need you to drop the gun. Look. I'm a police officer. I'm not gonna hurt you, okay? But I need you to lower the weapon. Are you Isaiah? You called the precinct, Detective Saperstein's phone. You know him, Saperstein. He was the next desk over from mine; he's my friend. Keep those hands still and do not reach for it! No, he... he is... On your knees! He is not our guy. Gun up, Harlee! He's the victim! You have not been in the other room. I guess we know why he called Sap direct. Nothing surprises me now. Slow down, Tufo. Lot of facts missing. Harlee. You two take the scenic route? [panting] We had a runner. Suspect jumped off the fire escape when we showed up, ran through that church, and out the back. Did you get a good look at him? I saw the back of his head and the bottom of his sneakers. And he dropped this. I'm betting he's not gonna miss that. He had a whole duffel bag full. Expect the streets to run hot in the next 24 hours. Is this the victim? Depends on your perspective. He's got a stockpile of illegal prescription meds upstairs. Looks like a big operation. This guy had Saperstein on speed dial? Probably knew him better than we did. Hey, Father. You didn't see a duffel bag around here? Should I be looking for one? Well, the suspect had one. We thought he might have ditched it as he ran. You get a look at him? He was a kid, maybe 18. Well, that's a man on the streets, especially with a gun. Yeah, we think he hit up an underground pill operation across the street. Doctor Isaiah. Doctor? He didn't tell you? He hasn't exactly been chatty, and now he's facing possession with intent. He's a doctor, not a dealer. He treats people without insurance, serves the community. Not a mortal sin. Well, that's your area of expertise. We just want to find the drugs. Not my area of expertise. Where did you tell everybody we were going? We're meeting new friends. It's a little public. We're not staying. Wait here. Give me a minute. You got an address for me? 308 Caton Avenue, but I won't be there. There's a crisis at Internal. Court assignment just landed on my desk. So put it on someone else's. A no-show raises questions. You have to handle this one alone. I'm not alone. Harlee's with me. Well, you should have discussed that with me. I would have, if I was a 12-year-old and needed adult supervision. When can you get here? I can't, it's a deposition. It's gonna drag. Figure it out, Donnie. It's my job. I'm not bailing on you; you're my partner. I know what the word means. Do you? [car door opening] What? No ice cream? No, just... taking a different car. [car door opening] Oh, hold on. She's good. [car door closing] Run that plate just in case. [dialing numbers] Hi, this is Agent Chen. I've got to run a vehicle plate. [engine starts] What's with all the spy craft? You think the Feds still have eyes on us? I'd have to be suicidal not to take a few precautions. Are you? I mean, feelings of guilt can lead the subconscious to want to get caught. My subconscious can go screw itself. Why not take a minute? You know, let the wounds heal. Because they pushed me here. Sometimes you have to turn into the skid. You do realize that the FBI is a national organization. I'm not flying blind. You have someone inside? Even in retreat, you have to attack. You should know that better than anyone. I don't recall getting a lesson. You gave it, to Miguel Zepeda. How much further? About ten seconds. Do you think Harlee was more involved in Wozniak's Miguel Zepeda cover-up than she let on? I don't know. Let's focus on this meet. Text her and get her to push the subject with Wozniak. Zepeda's not going anywhere. He's on the back burner for now. Keeping an innocent man in prison doesn't bother you? No, not as much as the criminal conspiracy we're investigating, no. More than a man's freedom? You wanna save puppies, Agent, join the ACLU. Silence makes us culpable. We can't knowingly stand by. We make this case, Zepeda will walk and Wozniak will fill his bunk. I need you to stay focused on the task at hand. And that is what we call pay dirt, Agent Chen. [rhythmic music] ♪ ♪ You Wozniak? Package is in the trunk. Nice reflexes. You fill in the details, I might accept delivery. No signature required, boss. We were supposed to have a face-to-face. I don't know whose face you were hoping for. I got paid to deliver a car. This isn't the kind of job that you find in the want ads. You're involved. Hate to disappoint, but I am supposed to tell you to open the trunk in private and act accordingly. What if I open it now? Put it down! Not another step! No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You should follow directions. That's not one of my strong points. Come on, Harlee, talk this down. We don't need a gunfight. Woz, what are we doing? This is what's gonna happen. I'm gonna see what gift you brought to the party. If I like it, then I'll start conversing. ♪ ♪ [dramatic music] What? What is it? Start conversing. Back off, man. Easy. We can all walk away from this. Just drop the gun. When he does. Who is he? Who? We need to get down there. He's lost control. No, it's just on edge, Agent. I've seen this before. This is not the week to mess with me. Who is he? I told you, I got paid to drive. I don't know anybody involved. Let him go! Back off! [grunts] You seen this man before? No. Huh? I swear. Kidnapped guy in the trunk disagrees with ya. I don't know anything. Woz! I don't want this package. Take the car back to your people. I can't do that. Yes, you can. Your second option is much more unpleasant. I can't take it back. The car was left in a parking garage. We never saw the guys. If I find that there's more to this story, there's not a block in this city that you'll be safe in. Go. [car doors close, engine starts] I'd call that an escalation. Harlee. Harlee. Ugh! Ph... [whimpering] What's your name? Who did this? It's okay, we're not gonna hurt you. They said they'd kill my wife. Please, they said they'd kill her! Here, take him to the marina. I'll be there in an hour. What, another package to pick up? Hang in there; you're gonna have a hell of a dinner story. Wait, what's happening? Wait. Sorry. I'm gonna have to leave you in there a little bit longer. No. No. Pl... Kidnapping better be part of my immunity package. [engine starts] [energetic music] ♪ ♪ Almost there. [grunts] You can't take this off? Maybe on the second date. [laughs] What? What is it? Just in case you try to feel your way out of here. [tense music] ♪ ♪ This wasn't included in your immunity deal either. Were you careful coming in? Yeah, I got Agent Chen watching the perimeter. Okay. Be quick, all right? Has to look like he ran. Hit me, make it believable. I'm not here to take him, Harlee. What? You have to get him out of here. I do that, and your cover is blown. I'm not holding a man hostage. Look, I know this doesn't feel right, but the best thing to do to help him is to get him talking. He'll talk when he feels safe. Where is safe? These people have kidnapped him. You think they're not gonna pay him another visit? Where do I put him? And if he's a dead end, we blew our only lead and your cover. No, Harlee, listen to me. I'm not gonna leave you alone for a second. I won't let anything happen to either one of you, okay? 
 
 [slow music] ♪ ♪ Well, if you're guilty, by all means, exercise your right to contact your union rep. However, we could just take care of this whole thing right here. [door crashes open] Hate surprises? I know I do. Lieutenant Wozniak... That feeling in your gut when you have no control over the situation. We're in the middle of an interview. Time's up. Get over here. Get over here! [sputtering] There are good ideas and bad ideas, and then there's bad ideas! My plans changed last minute. Who is he? The guy in your trunk! Let me finish in there and I'll come talk to you. Ten minutes, max. [panting] I told you, I want to speak with Detective Saperstein. He's unavailable. Well, when will he be back? Look, can you think of anybody who would want to target your clinic? [buzzer sounds] Oh, so you've deduced that I'm not a drug kingpin? You'd have better security. I wish I had. They took most of my stock. Now I'll have to shut down services until I can build it up again, maybe a year. People depend on me for treatment. Mothers. Children. Please, call Saperstein. If you want a lawyer, we can call someone to hold your hand. I don't want a lawyer. I want Saperstein. I'm not gonna say anything until he comes back. He ain't coming back. Detective Saperstein is dead. Isaiah, how'd you know him? He was investigating one of the doctors who gives me his pharmaceutical samples. When he learned what I do, he gave me his card. Oh, yeah? He was helping you out? He came through, more than once. No, I can't give you 3% and then give the fire department 4%, do you know what I'm saying? This will ultimately be in the public eye. What about the county sheriff's office? I got you, I got you, but I gotta deal with not just your union. Are you hungry? Got some pretzels, beef jerky, Vienna sausage. How about some water? Beer? [scoffs] It's not room service, but I'm trying. If you're so concerned about my comfort, why don't you untie my hands? Look, I want to be here just about as much as you do. Great. I'll drive. More tempting than you think. Say it. It's nothing. No, it's never nothing with you. Holding hands with your informant isn't exactly protocol. Profiling is. Harlee develops strong attachments to men who protect her. Only way she'll betray her current daddy is to give her a better option. Convenient theory for you. Is that going in the report? Every impulse that leads her away from Wozniak could make our case. How did you end up here? Can I get a name? No, can I get yours? Look, people just don't get taken for no reason. [scoffs] You either pissed off the wrong people or someone thinks they can get money to get you back. Why do you say "they" as if you're not one of them? Because I'm not. You said they threatened your wife. I have family to protect too. Yeah, right, that's exactly what you would say if you were playing good cop. I'm not playing anything. Well, no one is forcing you to do this. Yeah. That's what it looks like, right? [scoffs] We all like to think that we're in control and not hanging on for dear life. But we're all just ships at the mercy of the tides. You know, sometimes being powerless looks like those cords around your wrists. Sometimes it doesn't. They... they made me tell my wife to act like nothing was wrong. [chuckles] As if that was possible. [sobs] Her name is Ellen. Maybe I can let her know you're okay. Maybe you're just testing me. They said there was a bullet waiting for me if I talked. I have to imagine that bullet comes from you. [cocks gun] I can't let you go, all right, because they'll just find you again. And I can't tell you how I got mixed up in all this, but I can try and figure out what's going on. If you don't believe me... you can shoot me right now... [whimpers] And take your chances with the ones who took you. God! Damn it! Uh, she works at First Guardian Securities. It's in Brooklyn Heights. [sobs] [dramatic music] We're leaving before the security detail gets here? If we're out of range, we can't hear them. They're safe, and she just gave us our lead. [whimpers] It's gonna be okay. [sobbing] God. [sobs] Hey, your guy's not lying. He was a fully licensed physician till he helped his father with an assisted suicide. That was the last hospital in the area. Zero ODs today. At least our burglar's enjoying responsibly. Or the drugs never hit the streets. First Guardian Security. 600 employees, mostly security guards. Cyber protection, corporate monitoring, alarm systems, armored cars, vaults and safes. Who am I? Jonathan Lynch. You manage a string of check-cashing stores. I couldn't have been a hedge fund manager? Does Wozniak's crew read "global security fraud" to you? Hi there. Jonathan Lynch. Can I speak to your sales manager, please? Do you have an appointment? No, I was hoping you could get me one. Give me a name. Donnie. Donnie Pomp? He's not who you think he is. I think he's an Internal Affairs officer. What am I missing? Survival sometimes depends on a few strategically placed lifeboats. Designed to drag you under? He helped solve our federal issues. He was your source in the mole hunt? You let me sweat it out on Loman's shooting knowing that we were covered? I told you we were covered, Harlee, I told you. You trust him more than me? It's complicated. I... Yeah, wrong answer. If you're bring I.A.D. into our circle, then you better damn well trust him more than anyone. He brought us in. He delivered $50,000 just for listening. We're not committed until I know the details. Yeah, and how do you like him so far? Plastic explosives, kidnapping? [laughs] I know, I know, I know, he's clearly out of his league. There's things I need to fix. How are you gonna fix this? We'll leave the kidnapped guy on the boat for a few hours. I'll come by tonight and make sure everything's okay. That's not a fix! Harlee, no more secrets. You know everything that I know. No. I know more. Well, I'm six months into a contract, and I'm just not happy with the service. Was equipment part of the package? Yes, but Ellen told me that there are option plans for taking over those payments. Ellen? I spoke with her on the phone. We don't have an Ellen here. I could have sworn it was an Ellen. [chuckles] Not unless you called dispatch. Right, yeah, I did, dispatch for the... Armored car service? [phone ringing] Right. Did you have a need there as well? Just a sec, excuse me. I'm in a meeting. That you need to terminate. Wozniak is in the building. Well, I'll... I'll get right on that. Can I help you? I need to see your boss. She's in with a client at the moment. Not anymore. Okay, have a seat. I'll be right back. Absolutely. Would five work out for you? Sorry, there's a police officer out front who really wants to talk to you. I am so sorry. I'll be right back. Well, hey, I always have time for New York's finest. [buzzer sounds] [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ Where is he? I don't know. He was right here. I don't understand. A good investigator goes where the case takes them. Zepeda is a viable lead. There's something to be said for building a case on what we know. I told you, we're off Zepeda for now. If this road dead-ends, we'll need an alternate route to Wozniak. It's not going to dead-end. The fact that Wozniak and I are chasing the same leads means that we're on his heels. We know Zepeda's an innocent man in prison. Justice doesn't just happen, it's made. When that falls to you, you can't ignore it. Well, I'm ignoring you. Meet me back at the office. I got your message. No, I don't think you did, Harlee. When you decide to share a lead with Wozniak, you need to tell me. First Guardian Security. We almost tripped over each other. Why would I tell you something that you heard live? I didn't hear you tell him, so I went to look into the wife, and I wound up looking at a bull with a badge. Well, then you missed the real development. Look into an NYPD Internal Affairs officer named Donnie Pomp. Look into him? I've already met him. He was the one who was following your crew. Yeah, searching for your informant. Searching for me. He's the one who brought Wozniak the job, and I think he's pulling the strings. Most folks come in here seeking either solace or solitude. Never been much for solitude, and there's not much solace circulating these days. Maybe just a friendly ear? There's a saint I can't remember. I heard a mother praying to him once. Patron saint of missing people. Saint Anthony of Padua. Lost things. Must have been a sad prayer. Oh, it was. Listen. Have you lost something? [laughs] Uh... Friend. I lost him 'cause he never really existed, not in the way I thought he did. I sat next to him every day, but, uh... Well, funny thing is, I... I miss the person I thought he was, the person that was never there. I wish I could talk to him. Yeah, well, he's... he's gonna love this. I need to see that duffel bag of drugs you're hiding. Maybe you were hoping to be Saint Anthony to Doctor Isaiah. Our conscience is a connection to the divine. It tells us what's right and wrong. When what's right doesn't square with the letter of the law, then there's a choice to be made. Okay, you lost me on that one. Isaiah has made his choice. I wasn't talking about Isaiah. Miguel Zepeda? You want to tell me why the FBI is invested in a ten-year-old murder case? It touches an ongoing investigation. Which part of it? Buried 911 call? The suppressed eyewitness? The entire case. I hate this kind of file. It says the people who've sworn to serve justice are making a mockery of it. You're the district attorney. You can do something about that. Why didn't you go to the defense? I'm interested in doing the right thing, not sparking a lawsuit. You sure you're from New York? If you don't cut a deal for Miguel Zepeda, this is going to land right back on your desk, only it won't be in a file; it'll be in a headline. The FBI doesn't want a police corruption scandal interfering with an investigation. Mr. Zepeda's lucky day. Here you go. She's an armored car dispatcher. Kidnapped husband is a chef. So she's the target. Gotta be some kind of leverage play, using the husband to get to her. He couldn't have known, Wozniak. Doesn't fit his code. Does murder? Ellen, I work for the NYPD. Your phone's gonna ring. Answer it. [phone ringing] Hello? I know your husband's been kidnapped. I know where he is, and I'm gonna make sure he stays safe. [sobs] Oh, thank God. Have they contacted you about a ransom? I got a call after he was taken. They knew where I worked. They said as long as I followed the instructions they would bring him back. What instructions? I don't know. They said they'd be coming soon. What do I do? My number's the only one in this phone book. When you get something, call me. [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ Isaiah. Let's go, Doctor. Car's waiting. I can go? Yeah. Your arrest was voided. Come on. Don't forget about this. Loman here forgot to sign it into evidence. Must have slipped my mind. Thank you, on behalf of many people. Yo, if you're ever in a tight spot... and you need a friend, call me first. You're my protection plan? I'm your new Detective Saperstein. [thoughtful music] ♪ ♪ I had First Guardian Security fax over a list of employees. The guys that delivered the kidnapped man, they're armored car drivers. The kidnapped guy's wife works there as a dispatcher. So they're gonna use him as leverage, force her to assign them to a certain pick-up. I guess. Does he know we're heisting an armored car? I don't know yet. I'm about to find out. Detective Santos. Donnie. Harlee, can you close the door on the way out, please? Does she know? She knows there's a tied-up guy on my boat. She knows I almost killed the delivery guy that brought him, only he's not a delivery guy. Subtle move, showing up at the security company. You could have compromised the whole operation in an afternoon. A risk that could have been avoided if you'd just stepped out of your deposition. [phone ringing] You heard him tell me to leave. You have to get back in there. What, just stroll in there with my best smile and ignite his suspicions again? They're not gonna talk in front of me. We need this conversation, Harlee. This is how you get out, right now. Do something. [dial tone] [rhythmic music] ♪ ♪ The kidnapped man's your responsibility now. He's off my boat tomorrow. Done. [knocking at the door] I'm busy! Sorry. Captain's in the hallway, loaded for bear about signatures. I short-stopped him. Sign right there. Okay. You sure? Got it. Okay. As you were. [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ I was promised a face-to-face. It was a test... I get a guy in a trunk. It was a test of commitment, all right? The job is legit, but the guy running things, he's got a lot to lose. And I don't? I am not calling the shots. I vouched for you, but he needed to see that you could get your hands dirty, and you did, so we're good. Oh, no, we're far from good. You tell your master I passed his test, now he's gotta pass mine. Tomorrow, I want a face-to-face and every last detail of this mess you pulled me into, or else I'm blowing the whole thing up! I am done. I'm done being played. Nobody is trying to play you! I would never risk what we have, You know how I feel about you. Don't do that! This has nothing to do with us! The whole thing is about us, about our future. Come on, almost a year now we've been together,  hiding in hotel rooms, hiding our feelings. I want to be with you, Matt. Ooh! Oh! Don't! I don't like being lied to. Okay, I got it. Do you? Yeah, full disclosure. [Dorothy's "Gun In My Hand"] ♪ ♪ 
♪ Why did love put a gun in my hand? ♪ [buzzer sounds] Open up 412. Zepeda, you got a visitor. ♪ Put a gun in my hand? ♪ Wheels of justice never sleep, huh? I have an offer from the District Attorney's office, expires at midnight. This is an affidavit stating that you won't pursue litigation against the State of New York. Well, you see, that's always been a dream of mine. So what am I giving it up for? Your freedom, tonight. I'm paroled? Parole would suggest you're guilty. You've been exonerated. You're free to the privileges and pursuits of everybody else. ♪ To the edge ♪ 
♪ Why did love ♪ Wonder what I should pursue first. ♪ Oh, why did love ♪ 
♪ Why did love put a gun in my hand? ♪ 
♪ Why did love ♪ 
♪ Why did love put a gun in my hand? ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 