Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x13 - One Last Lie - Shades of Blue 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x13 - One Last Lie https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=541&t=26358 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/01/16 10:57 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x13 - One Last Lie 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously, on "Shades of Blue"... 
 You told me Miguel didn't contact his parole officer. 
 That's true. 
 Miguel was exonerated. 
 He doesn't even have a parole officer. 
 Are you offering to bankroll a fresh start? 
 That's gonna cost a hell of a lot more than a cop's salary. 
 I can get it, but that has to happen away from me and Cristina. 
 Hi, Dad. 
 My name's Linklater. I'm a D.E.A. agent. 
 Tomorrow we're gonna  leverage a kidnapped man to make this job happen. 
 Up! 
 Get your hands up! I called it in. 
 Gun! 
 [gunshots, Tess groans] 
 You're all under arrest! 
 We're doing this for you. 
 This isn't our heist. 
 It's Donnie Pomp's, the Internal Affairs officer. 
 He told Wozniak that if we didn't do this, he'd put you and I in jail. 
 I can only tell you what I saw. 
 But not who you saw? 
 They were wearing masks. 
 His throat's been slit. 
 This wasn't supposed to happen. 
 Somebody knew what they were doing. 
 They took the money! 
 You find me my money or you're gonna go down for all of this. 
 Linklater, we've got him. 
 That's not Linklater. 
 What now? 
 Now  we  start calling the shots. 
 [Vic Mensa's "U Mad" playing] 
 ♪ Oh you mad, huh? ♪ 
♪ Oh you mad, huh? ♪ 
♪ Whoa ♪ So that's what the root of all evil looks like. Behold, your share. I got involved to help you, Harlee. That kind of money would ruin me. Well, I'll invest it for you. Rent, groceries. Nothing in your arm. I didn't mean to flip the car. You did what you had to do. I told you to get this money no matter what, and if any of this had made it to the drop with the FBI waiting, arrest warrants would already be waiting for my crew. So now what? Buy an island and retire? No. Go home. Get some rest... and plan a sting. You had me heist the heist and almost kill you so you can hand this right back over? No, you bought me time. I'm trading this for their immunity. But not all of it. A light 12 million. Whoever the hell Linklater is and Donnie, it's gonna have to be enough. And you're not giving them Wozniak? I need Wozniak to find Linklater. How are you gonna make that happen? One last lie. ♪ Twenties, fifties, hundreds ♪ 
♪ Millions to the ceiling ♪ [phone line trilling] You've reached Detective Santos of the 64th precinct. If this is an emergency, hang up and call 9-1... [phone beeps off] [sighs] [door opens, bell dings] [suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ What do you say you buy me a cup of coffee? I seem to be missing some cash. Maybe you can buy me one. [sighs] Long day? Had its setbacks. Yours? It's not over yet. Oh, an optimist. I like that. Accentuate the positive. Like air in your lungs. Like unlimited federal resources, mountains of evidence, RICO Act. [scoffs] Well, then why don't you pay me a visit? I think there's some kids menus and crayons around here, if you want to scribble down a confession. First rule of big game hunting? Never get too close. Can I help you with something, Lieutenant? Stay away from my crew. You led them here, chief. [knocking on door] Whoa, what happened to you? Oh, just another day in the life. Couldn't sleep? Too many monsters under the bed. You're in luck. I just had the place swept. I didn't know if you'd want to see me again after I blamed you for Miguel's release. You had a right to be upset. But it wasn't your fault. I'm sorry I took it out on you. Can I just stand here for a while? Pretend I'm somebody else? For as long as you want. ♪ When I was 16 ♪ 
♪ My senses fooled me ♪ [sirens in distance] ♪ Thought gasoline was on my clothes ♪ Hi. Hi. You're right. She doesn't respect me, I shouldn't have to respect her. ♪ Would always rule me ♪ [sighs] I'm done being treated like a baby. ♪ I knew the scent was mine alone ♪ [chuckles] What? ♪ Don't you ever tame your demons ♪ You remind me so much of your mother. ♪ But always keep 'em on a leash ♪ A little late for a booty call, isn't it, Matt? How long, Donnie? When was the exact moment you decided to play me? Just hand over the cash. We can figure a way past all this. From the beginning? Was any of it real? Ah, you're a big boy. I didn't make you do anything you didn't want to do. You're leaving out a few key details. Admit it, Matt, you're insatiable. It's your curse. A house, a wife, a lover. Respect, power, none of it was enough. I dangled a score and like a pork chop in front of a dog, you came running. Well, you're not gonna like it when I catch up. Yeah, I'll be waiting. Evening, detective. Lieutenant Wozniak isn't here. And what were you doing in his house? Fairly confident that that's none of your concern. $12 million confident? Huh? I rolled up on the heist. I know you're leveraging my crew. Is that what they told you? I made an appointment with Captain McManus. This ends now. You're an easy mark, Loman. Your crew has been lying to you. I am actively investigating them. Follow me. There's something you should see. Unlike you, I've never killed a man but if that's your concern... Easy, easy. Right? Now I know you've only been with Wozniak's unit for a couple weeks, but you're not blind and you're not stupid. You know they're dirty. I'm gonna show you just how much. If this is an investigation then where's your warrant? Exigent circumstances. We believe he may be holding a kidnapped man. Wozniak was a Marine. He ever mention that? Once. Romantic bunch, Marines. They all have keepsake boxes, memorialize their time in the Corps. The simplicity of service has its appeal, I guess. Brotherhood, loyalty, but loyalty has its downside. [gunshot, grunting] [grunting, groaning] [dog barking] It was, um, self-defense. In my kitchen? Drink it. Trust me. Woz... I came here... to tell you that I should've followed my gut, okay? I should've come clean about the shooting. All right, I just need a plan to get you and Harlee clear. I didn't want you on the hook. On the hook? I haven't thanked you for keeping your mouth shut with the Feds, and now I owe you for this. Another killing? He was looking for dirt. He was setting me up. The only question is how do you want to play it? You're asking me? Yeah, it's your dead body. It's your decision. [scoffs] A rookie officer with an Internal Affairs probe calls in a self-defense casualty on the guy who's running the investigation. [chuckles] Yeah, the headline doesn't read great but, Loman, it's the truth. The truth is in the paperwork. Internal Affairs looks after their own, same as us. So? So I guess we have a long night ahead of us. [knock on door] Bang. That's all I had to do. Open a door, shoot a bad guy, save a life. Donnie Pomp slit the throat of that hostage while I was right outside the door. I could've gotten to him. Or he shoots you first, and I'm the one drinking myself into oblivion tonight. Oh, please. You'd be celebrating. You think I'm uptight. Rigid. [sighs] I'm gonna tell you a secret. If you'd stepped in there, you shot the bad guy... Mm-hmm? You wouldn't be sleeping any better tonight. It's the job. It's... it's never easy and it's never clean. So how do you deal? [sighs] Distractions. Do they work? [phone ringing] Hey, how is she? What, Linda, slow down. When? Well, is she answering her phone? All right, stay at the hotel. Call me if she comes back. What's going on? Harlee, who's Linda? Wozniak's wife. She's at a hotel? With Cristina. Is that who's gone, Cristina? She's not gone. He took her. Wait, I'm going with you. How'd you know this place would be empty? The drug dealer, Raul Mendez, he owns this place. Went away on an extended vacation. [thuds, Wozniak sharply exhales] All right, inside the door on the left hand side there's a button. Just push it. Where's the money, Donnie? [phone line trilling] Hello? Hey, it's me. You all good? Yeah, crick in my neck, but yeah. Yeah, we're healthy and whole. Any late night callers? Yeah, no thanks  to our third-shift lookout. How's Tess? She's sleeping, uh, finally. We changed the dressing like the doc said. She's okay, but I'd love to tell her this slumber party ain't permanent. Loman didn't talk. The Feds rode him hard for an ID, which means they need one. Get to the precinct. It's important that everybody show their face. [whispering] Where is he? Where you been all night, Woz? Cleaning house. [coughing] Oh. Hey, hey. [sighs] How you feeling? Like I just got shot and some amateur doctor pulled it out. My bedside manner is legendary. [chuckles] Take me home. I want to see Joe and the kids. All right. [pounding on door] Miguel, open the door! Hey! I said I was coming with you. You shouldn't be here. I won't be following procedure. I'll risk it. Don't say I didn't warn you. [pounding on door] Miguel! Where is she? Cristina? I'm here, baby. She didn't call you? You think I'm playing, Miguel? Where's her daughter? Do you  work  on that Batman voice? Yeah, I punch like him too. You know, the two of you are a violent couple. Makes me concerned for Cristina's welfare. Yeah, you don't get to be concerned, all right? You're nothing to her. That's not what she said to me when she called last night. You're a liar. She asked me to pick her up. She doesn't have your number! She didn't tell you? Oh, we had a nice dinner the other night. Harlee, that's enough. No, it's not nearly enough. You need to go now! No. This is family business and you're not family. I'm an assistant district attorney. Fine, then stay and watch. I don't care. You have till three to tell me where my daughter is. Harlee, put the gun down! So this is the new you. Tough girl. One. God, are you trying to turn me on? Two. I can't protect you on this, Harlee. Good to know. Three. I didn't take her. Like I said, she called. She was mad at you, so I picked her up. She's... with my mom at the store. You better hope so. What now? We hit the switch. Let him burn. Anything you want to say? He was a bad cop who did bad things and something bad happened to him. Amen. Amen. Why don't you get the car? I cared for you, Donnie, and you played me. I'll see you in hell. Harlee, do you know what's really messed up about this whole thing? I'm still dreaming about you. Do you ever dream about me? Cristina... get in front. Why is he in the back of the car? It's okay, sweetheart. It's just a misunderstanding. Get in the car. Why? 'Cause you don't want me to spend time with my family? Cristina, today's not the day. Harlee, please, we were just getting to know each other. I don't want her to know you. Mom! Get in the car! Not until you let him out. He didn't do anything wrong. He took you from Linda's. I asked him to. Why would you do that? Because you lied to me. You swore to me he wasn't my father, and he is. [sighs] I have a grandmother. I have aunts and uncles and cousins. Take the handcuffs off him, Mom. Mama Bear, she's a grizzly. Turn around and shut up. Ow. Up front now. I'm gonna give you the money I promised you, and you're gonna disappear. Forget something? Stay at your mom's. I'll find you there. [children chattering] [children laughing] Nice day. You Wozniak? Where's Linklater? Do you have his money? No... and if I did, I wouldn't be giving it to Mr. Mom. You won't have to. An overseas bank account number. Clean the cash and deposit it. There's no way. If he wants it, he's gonna have to come and get it face-to-face. It's not possible. Neither is swallowing your own balls but your son's about to watch you do it. Mr. Linklater isn't who you think he is. Linklater isn't even his name, and he's already out of the country. Oh, I doubt that. Not with this much money in play, he's not. If the money isn't deposited in a week, he'll send his incriminating photos to the Feds. You take the fall for the kidnapping, the murder, the heist, everything. Have a nice day. Come on, bud. 
 
 [phone ringing] There was a situation I needed to handle but I'm on track to deliver. Harlee, you know that when the clock runs out there's a boom. I was right. Donnie had the money. You've seen it? No,  but Wozniak confronted him and they're meeting up later. I don't know where. Harlee, this is Gail Baker. You need to put our Linklater at that location. I know. I'm working on it. Wozniak has a contact number,  but before any of that happens, I need you to make it official. My crew does not get prosecuted. You have my word, Harlee. Yeah, I've heard that before. I need it emailed to me. Just get me my bust. [line clicks] One way or the other, we get what we need. Even so, we lost a hostage under our surveillance. Supervisor Finnegan is brandishing his ax. You decide where he swings it? Not at me, I know that. [phone auto-dialing] [phone ringing] How's Cristina? Angry. Rebellious. Brainwashed. I missed Linda's call  and by the time I got the message I was hung up on a problem. Yeah, well, brace yourself for a new one. I need to talk to you in person. All right, well, give me a couple hours. No, now. I need you now. It's a little morbid, isn't it? Well, I like it here. Everybody's blind. Nobody's talking. Makes you wonder what they would say if they could. [ghostly moaning] [chuckles] Well, I have my money on "I love you... and I'm sorry." Is this a preamble, Harlee? No. It's a confession. You know that agent you showed me a picture of? The one you said was sleeping with a prostitute who looked like me? Stahl. He picked me up with Gail Baker. Threatened to put me in jail, used Cristina as influence. I mean, everything that you said that they were gonna do, they did. When? How long ago? [sighs] Last night. Your uncle Woz sees your shoes on his desk, you might be walking on your ankles. My mom has you babysitting me? Our holding cell's empty if you prefer. Wow, freedom to make a decision. Don't tell my mom. Parents can be frustrating, huh? Yeah, they can also be liars. Well, here's what I know. Being a cop is a hard job, and being a single parent is a hard job, so that means your mom has two hard jobs, and the fact that the bad guys are in jail and you're sitting here, smart, independent, willful and educated, means your mom is doing both jobs pretty well. You know... It's not even the lying that bothers me. It's the fact that it seems so easy for her. Woz, the FBI found the heist money. All 12 million. A security camera picked up our accident and they tracked down the guy who hit us... it wasn't Donnie. Who? Who... who do they think did it? Stahl didn't give details, but he gave me the money... and he told me to put it back in play. Where is it? Well, they think it's at your boat, but I double bagged and moved it. It's in an abandoned building in Maspeth. 326 Bradley. I'm paying a C.I. to sit on it. [laughing] You were never very good at following orders. I'm supposed to tell you that I tracked down the money and convince you to set up a meet with Linklater and Donnie to split it up. And that's where the Feds would have all the players in one place. All the players but one. You know I have to deliver on a piece of this, but I won't let that piece be you. I'm the only piece that's left on the board. I need you to contact Linklater and then I need you to convince Donnie to show up. You don't understand what I'm saying. No, I think that they'll settle for Linklater and Donnie. They're bigger fish. No offense. It's a great plan. It's a very generous plan. It might've even worked... but Donnie's dead. What? Loman killed him in self-defense. Linklater left the country, which means the only person you got left to sell out... is me. [sighs] Look, I can stall the FBI. Okay, you could tell them that you're still trying to set up the meet. It won't buy us a lot of time, but it'll be enough for you to go get some cash, get Linda, and go. Why don't you come with us? 'Cause this Stahl guy has a thing for me. I think I have a better chance of buying time in person. Cristina and I will meet you later. You promise? Would I lie to you? It's cash I took from evidence for a sting. Nearly had a heart attack when I realized it was gone. Show me the paperwork. Excuse me? If this is cash from evidence there's a paper trail, right? Approvals? Why do I feel like I'm on the stand right now? Because I'm a prosecutor and I don't believe you. Well, I don't need you to believe me. Okay, because it's none of your business. Cops with mysterious bags of cash in my apartment, very much my business. What's going on, Harlee? Huh? This morning you put a gun in Miguel's face, and now you're lying to me about $200,000 in cash. It's my money. All right, everything I've saved. I'm paying Miguel to leave us alone. You're smarter than that. Well, I'm not asking your permission. What makes you think he won't just take it and stay? Because if he stays, I'll hurt him. You did frame him the first time. I told you before, I'm a bad person. You chose not to believe it, and I chose to let it happen because I love the way that you look at me. I'm just trying to wrap my head around all this. Go back to your blonde fiancée in Greenwich. There's too much street in me for you. Miguel's expecting this. It's not a gift. It's a payment. He knows what I'm buying. Harlee? Harlee, please. For ten years I left you alone, but now that I've met her, I... I want to know my granddaughter. You watched your son repeatedly break my face, and didn't lift a finger to help. Why would I think it'd be any different for Cristina? A mother will do terrible things to protect her child. Surely you understand that now. You didn't protect him, Lorena. You enabled him. Stay away from Cristina. [door unlatches] Lieutenant Wozniak, Harlee said you'd be stopping by. Welcome to Caddie's first bank of the basement. I'm here to make a withdrawal. We're about to let slip the dogs of war, Harlee. All we need is an address. I don't have what I promised. You telling me you failed? I'm telling you that I'm submitting. That's what you always wanted anyway, right? Well, you win. Define submit. Donnie's gone. I don't know where. Linklater's out of the country and Wozniak's not returning my calls. So you don't have anything? That's not exactly true. I have your money... And I'm willing to trade my immunity deal for my crew's freedom. If I say no? Then I burn the money and you get nothing. 12 million dollars. Why not run? [scoffs] I thought about it. Then I thought about the message that I'd be sending to my daughter. How's she ever gonna take responsibility for her mistakes if I don't? Look, I'll text you an address for the cash. You can pick it up and arrest me there. Harlee? Got to go, Stahl. I got to say good-bye to somebody. Harlee? We got to have all that lined up within 30 minutes. Can we add two more agents to that? Why don't you pull it up, meet me in the command center, okay? Yes, sir. Hey. I'll meet you guys in a minute. Baker needed to talk to me. Mmm, well, I think it's more than just a talk. [sighs] You got a good heart, Agent Chen, but remorse can be dangerous. It can lead to unwise decisions. Did you tell her about last night? No, no. I'm a gentleman, but it is my duty to report unstable behavior. Unstable? Your grief is a problem, Agent Chen. I mean, you fell apart, and a man walked into that warehouse you were surveilling and butchered a hostage. I had no line of sight. You know that. I expressed concerns about the risk of keeping him in play. Failure is an orphan, isn't it? You botched this operation, Agent Stahl, not me. Wild accusations like that are just gonna sound desperate in there. You tell me this case is gonna make me, and then you have s*x with me already knowing I'd be your fall guy. Look, deep down you know this is best. You're smart, Molly, but let's face it, you don't have a killer instinct. Well, if that's what separates me from you, thank God I don't. Your law enforcement experience will be invaluable in the private sector. Molly. I know what you're thinking. I can see it on your face. Guess I haven't perfected your technique yet. Can you give me another shot? Promise I'll tell the truth. Well, I haven't got a chance to be emancipated yet, so go for it. Okay. Miguel did beat me... for two years. When he pushed me down those stairs, he almost killed me. He almost killed both of us... and I swore right then that I would never let him do to you what he did to me. It just doesn't make sense. Why would he want to hurt me now? He's been nothing but nice to me. You can't trust an abuser, Cristina, all right? They take everything that you hate about yourself and they use it to control you. But... He said that these years, they gave him a chance to become a better man, someone worthy of being my dad. And this facade that he's showing you is so scary to me, because I know what it masks. Miguel isn't impulsive. Miguel isn't misunderstood. He is a calculating, unforgiving monster. I know that I lied to you about him being your father, and that was wrong, but I was just trying to keep you safe. Lying isn't the only mistake that I've made. I've let you down... in ways that you know and in ways that you don't, and I'm gonna have to pay for that, okay? But it's important that you know that I believe that I was doing right by you. Final call for ticketed passengers... Okay. Please make your way to the boarding area for immediate boarding. What's Aunt Gemma doing here? You're gonna be staying with her for a while. What? In Jersey City? Mom, what about school? What about my friends? It's not gonna be easy. You're strong, okay? And with that big heart of yours... Mom, where are you going? Mom, you can't leave me. Cristina, please. Mom, we're a team. I need you. [Cristina crying] Mom! Hey. You good? I got to admit, we had you pegged wrong. Yeah, you... you really saved our asses. You think we'll get away with this? I don't know. Maybe. The important thing is you just said, "We." Hear we got some bangers running recruitment out of the Y basketball courts. You want to go catch some bad guys or what? Sure, but I'm driving. I'm tired of riding bitch. [engine revs loudly] Well, hi there, Harlee. I'm not sending the address to the money until I see the immunity contracts in my email. Say it again. Say what again? Say that I win. You submit. I'll do it, Stahl. I'll burn the money. No, you won't. This time it's you who's been outplayed, Harlee. [dial tone] [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ Wozniak took everything. Left you that. Said to tell you the plans have changed. [slams hands on table] Don't leave that bag in a cab. That's Cristina's college fund. What are you doing? What I would've done if you came to me. Taking the bullet. You need to turn around. Go home, give our girl a kiss. You don't understand. All right, I told you I was running but I cut a deal. I'm turning myself in for the crew. [chuckles] I cut the same deal, Harlee. I saw Stahl looking lonely at a diner  last night. Guess I'm a bigger fish, Harlee. [laughing] No offense. Woz, you can't do this. I'm at peace with this. I need peace. No, you don't know the truth, okay? I lied to you. The Feds didn't pick me up last night. It was me all along. I was the mole. I know, Harlee. I know. You said the Feds found the money yesterday and gave it to you. I talked to Stahl last night. The Feds still wanted the money. Give me the truth, Harlee. No more secrets. I couldn't let everyone go down. I stole the money to keep us whole. Everything that you would do to protect Cristina... that's you for me. I don't want to lose another daughter. I forgive you. [crying] No. There has to be some way. [sirens wailing] Well, unless you have something on this Fed that I don't know about... I think we've reached the end of the road. [sirens wailing in distance] Wait, Woz. Woz, wait. [sirens whooping, wailing] Lieutenant Wozniak, on the ground! Hands where we can see them! Lieutenant, on the ground now! [dramatic music] Yeah, I'm still sorting a few things out, but I may be able to pick Cristina up in the morning. Gemma, thanks for doing this. ♪ Feels like I'm falling ♪ Okay, bye. ♪ Into a world ♪ 
♪ Into a world ♪ 
♪ I can't control ♪ 
♪ I hear it calling ♪ 
♪ Down in my soul ♪ 
♪ Gripping my bones ♪ 
♪ It won't let go ♪ [thud] [ominous music] ♪ ♪ So stunning. And that's not even the most irresistible part of you. We had an agreement, Miguel. I gave you 200,000 reasons to stay away. Did you? Must've slipped my mind. That handgun of yours is a barrier to a civilized conversation, to reconciliation. What, now we're gonna add theft and breaking and entering to your rap sheet? I was invited, Officer. I'm family. In fact... [key clatters] Got my own key. Where did you get that? Cristina and I have been growing closer. We're making up for lost time. I told you to stay away from her. She's almost a grown woman. She can decide for herself, and frankly, she doesn't trust you anymore. I'm giving you a chance, Miguel. All right, put down my gun. Get out of my house, and take the money. Okay, it's a new life. [gun, table banging] I'm taking the money, but I don't want a new life. I want my old one. And I'm starting by visiting Aunt Gemma. No. She wouldn't have told you that. Cristina and I have our own little secrets too. Ten years I have rotted in that prison cell. Do you really think you can pay me to slink away and wash away your sins with blood money? I won't let you... Ten years! Ten years you have dictated how I live my life. Now I dictate how to live yours. No. I'm not that same silly little girl you used to control... Unh! Ohh! Oh, that's right. You're a badass now, huh? A badass who got mixed up with the wrong people. Caught between the FBI and some crooked friends, and now you're all alone. I don't know what you... you think you know. Oh, come on. I know you. I'm the only one who really knows you. All sides of you. [inhales deeply] That caring, funny... beautiful woman you let people see. And the ruthless bitch you are. And I love both of them. Hell, I can't get enough. No, please. We're bonded forever. We made that beautiful creature together. Smart, eager... and feisty like her mother. Yet so fragile. [Harlee groans] You're gonna take everything I give you and you're gonna act like you like it, and you're gonna beg for more. [Harlee whimpers, swallows] And I'm not just gonna punish you. [Miguel moaning] [Harlee gasps] I'm gonna punish that precious little girl of yours. No need to cry. Daddy's home. [Miguel moaning] [Harlee growls, neck cracks] 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 