Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x01 - Pilot - Shades of Blue 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x01 - Pilot https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=541&t=24528 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/08/16 10:08 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x01 - Pilot 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [siren wailing] 
 [computer beeps] 
 I always wanted to be a good cop... 
 But there's no straight line to that. 
 I always told myself that the end would justify the means... 
 But now that I'm at the end, I can't justify anything. 
 It happened so slowly, I didn't realize, and so quickly, I never saw it coming. 
 [car horn blaring] 
 [bells ding] 
 They're bisexual, you know. 
 Who? 
 Lilies. 
 Each flower's both boy and girl, a self-contained aberration. 
 Self-contained aberr-- what you're saying, every neighborhood in the precinct is its own ecosystem? 
 No, I'm saying they screw themselves. 
 Miss Ortiz says she saw some suspicious activity in and out of a fourth floor apartment. 
 Okay, what, drug activity? 
 19-year-old OD'd from a hot dose he picked up from a renegade in this area. 
 A renegade drug dealer? 
 [metal clunks] 
 Anyone cliqued up with a local crew knows that we cleaned out this block. 
 Right, right. 
 H. 
 [bell dinging] 
 [groans] Wait here. 
 Hola, princesa. 
 What a pretty scooter. 
 Did you pick those streamers yourself? 
 I need you to do me a favor. 
 Can you turn around and ride back into your apartment and shut the door? 
 Let me see how fast you can go. 
 Rápido, rápido. 
 [gunshots] Police! [wood cracks] Loman, no! [gunshots] [intense music] ♪ ♪ Loman, you see anyone else? How many suspects? [dramatic music] Loman? ♪ ♪ Loman! [controller beeps] [controller thuds] You're dead. You're dead. You're dead. A video game? I thought it was-- I mean, he just turned. I just-- Did he reach for something? ♪ ♪ Loman, focus. Did he make an aggressive gesture? No, he just... stood up. He pulled a gun. No, no gun. It was a video game. Where there's drugs, there's a gun. ♪ ♪ [soda fizzing] His drink is still fizzy. ♪ ♪ I mean, the game must have been paused when we did the-- they'll understand that, right? Internal Affairs? We knocked, identified ourselves as the suspect fired a shot through the door. Harlee, I heard shots. They sounded real. You heard them, too, right? I'll protect you, but you got to trust me, and you have to do exactly as I say. Take a step to the right. ♪ ♪ I kicked it in. You were first through, squeezed off two rounds... [gunshot] As the suspect fired a second shot. He shot twice? Yes. [gunshot] [yells] [gasping] Breathe, Loman, breathe. Breathe, breathe. ♪ ♪ The truth is in the paperwork. The rookie should go buy himself a lottery ticket. I mean, what are the odds he would earn a notch on his second day? Come on. Let me tell you, I had this kid the entire shift yesterday. He didn't strike me as a gunslinger. [siren wails] I don't trust rookies or cowboys. Or Facebook or your husband. And I'm right about all four. Tell me the son of a bitch won't have any use for that ambulance. Coroner's en route. Rookie took a slug to the vest, but managed to put the dealer down. Is Harlee inside? Yeah, she's fine, not a scratch. How we doing? Are you okay? Name's Jamarr Malcolm. He runs with the Northside crew until recently. They claim he's independent now. Every corpse is. He had some kind of connect, sizable stash, cut and bagged. Where's our girl? In there. Socks and sandals? Yeah, they funky as hell, right? When I told you to show the kid the ropes, I assumed you'd work your way into shootouts. Never thought much of training wheels. That's because you never needed them. There might have been a second man out the bedroom window. Did you get a look? White boy, blue tank, yellow sneakers. Did he have a bag on him? Not that I saw. Stash is in the living room. Yeah, well, hopefully that's all there is. I'll have the boys look into known associates. You need anything from me? I always need you, Woz. Harlee, I'm asking. Are we good? ♪ ♪ How much do you want to know? How much do I need to know? ♪ ♪ We're solid. All right. I'll lob a call in to Internal Affairs, see if they can interview you and Loman tomorrow at the precinct. Okay. We're on ice tonight at Murphy's, all right? Why don't you take the rest of the day off, hold the kid's hand for a little bit. All right. ♪ ♪ A bullet penetrated the door. Officer Santos kicked it in, and the suspect made an aggressive gesture after-- No, shooting the door was the aggressive gesture. Right. We took fire. You were first to enter, engaging the assailant and shooting him in the chest as he returned fire, shooting you in the vest. Why didn't you tell me about the second bullet? Because you would have flinched, and I'm not that good a shot. That's my daughter's car. Write it down. "Engaged the assailant, shooting him in the chest as he returned fire." Cristina. I'll catch up with you guys later. Ma, come on, again? We talked about this. I got you that car so you don't have to lug your cello on the subway in the dark, not to ditch school after lunch. Officer, I was getting a Frappucino. You cannot keep swooping over like this. I just came by to tell you I have an extended shift. What, are you okay? Did something happen? Rough day. Better now that I get to see my baby. [groans] Okay, Mom, I got to get to class. Okay. Look, pick up something to eat, okay? I shouldn't be too late. You have a date? No, a work thing. God, it's not that boxer, is it? I'm not dating anyone. [Jay Z's and Kanye West's "No Church in the Wild" playing] ♪ human beings in a mob ♪ 
♪ what's a mob to a king? ♪ 
♪ what's a king to a god? ♪ 
♪ what's a god to a non-believer ♪ 
♪ who don't believe in ♪ 
♪ anything? ♪ ♪ ♪ That all you got? ♪ will he make it out alive? ♪ 
♪ all right, all right ♪ 
♪ No church in the wild ♪ 
♪ tears on the mausoleum floor ♪ You're pretty. That's the problem. ♪ blood stains on the Colosseum doors ♪ 
♪ lies on the lips of a priest ♪ 
♪ human beings in a mob ♪ 
♪ what's a mob to a king? ♪ 
♪ what's a king to a god? ♪ Hey, how about another date? This wasn't a date. Mm. ♪ who don't believe in ♪ 
♪ anything? ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ we make it out alive ♪ 
♪ all right, all right ♪ 
♪ no church in the wild ♪ 
♪ hey ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ no church in the wild ♪ [people cheering] Don't be dicks. It's your Happy You're Not Dead day! Oh, is that why we were clapping? I thought it was 'cause she finally showed up. Ha, ha, ha, ha. Any chance my gift is the last parka? Who took my parka? Oh, here, here, here. That wet hair, I'd say you already got your gift. Remind me, Sap, is your vow of chastity self-imposed or one of the rules at your mommy's house? All right, hey, hey, all right, are we gonna circle jerk, or did someone collect? Let's go. $1,200 apiece. Koreans on Fulton still owe. So does Big Chuckie and the escort who works out of the foot massage place. And the boutique off Bedford is cash strapped, gave us merchandise to hold us over. Look at this, Alice and Olivia, hmm? What size? Zero. You want me to get a shoehorn? I'm thinking about for Cristina. All right, sold. Bring the rest to Raj. He's good for 30¢ on the dollar. Harlee, there's a-- there's a new bookie working out of the food trucks on Bay Ridge. Name is Hame, Hime, Ham-- Haim. Think phlegm. Haim, whatever. He checks out. He's good, okay? You meet him, you collect, and then you give him the rundown, all right? Now on to some real police work. Did the tox screen come back on our shooter's heroin? The lab promises bright and early. We got a few names that could be Harlee's runner with yellow sneakers, none with a permanent address though. All right, well, he's working out of our drug-free zone, so he's not gonna be in the book. I want this guy. Come on, Saperstein, I'm 50 short. How hard is it to divide by six? You owe me ten bucks each. Let's go, come on, pony up. Did you hear that? You hear that? Espada just bought us all a round. Why am I always the one getting shorted? You ain't the one-- Waa. How hard is it to divide by six, though, for real? No, no, no, all I'm saying is my husband is texting like a teenage girl. Still doesn't mean he's doing one. But, you know, he bought a gym membership that we cannot afford. So what? He's working out. You want him healthy, right? No. Where you going? I got that Internal Affairs tomorrow, remember? So what? Joe's a stand-up guy, Tess... But if you want a little insurance, a little nut massage never hurt anybody. [laughter] Good night. Thank you very much. [applause] [upbeat rock music] ♪ ♪ One more for the road? Bruce, you got change of a hundred? ♪ ♪ You guys are having fun. What are you celebrating? Surviving the day. Huh. Well, with you, I'd be happy to survive the night. Let me save you some time. I don't do witty banter, and chances are your follow-up to that won't impress me. I'm a risk/reward kind of guy. Sure took a risk with that tie. ♪ ♪ I hate to break it to you, but I think that counts as witty banter. ♪ ♪ Here you go. Thank you. ♪ ♪ Need something, Loman? He coached kids baseball. Who? ♪ ♪ The man I killed. He also carried a bag full of heroin with a loaded .45 in it. ♪ ♪ It's not right. Come on, let's go. ♪ ♪ I shouldn't have done it. I got to make this right. There is no "I" anymore. There's only "we," and we have a plan. You remember that plan? Look, I'll tell them that I put the gun in his hand. That way you don't have to be a part of this. Knock it off. You're not doing this. I don't want to be this kind of cop. None of us are that kind of cop. I have a daughter, okay? Which means you have a daughter because that badge in your pocket, that makes us family, and we love that daughter. That daughter is beautiful and smart and talented, and she needs us, and that's how this works from now on until death do us part. [dramatic music] I saved your ass today, which means tomorrow in that Internal Affairs interview, you save mine. ♪ ♪ [whispering] Look. Look. Listen to me. Kicking in a door after hearing gunshots, throwing yourself on the line, baby, that's hardcore hero stuff. ♪ ♪ A hero who made a mistake. ♪ ♪ I got you here. ♪ ♪ I got you, and you got me. ♪ ♪ "We took fire. I kicked in the door." Mom, I love it. It is so perfect. [laughs] That much practice, you deserve to look your best onstage. Thank you so much. Okay, which one for me? Mm, what kind of look are we going for? Wholesome and honest. Get a new wardrobe. [both laugh] I'll wear the black. Hey, so you can get there at curtain. Mr. Lewis said I could tape off a few seats. I thought students weren't allowed to save seats. Soloists are. Soloist? You have a solo tonight? Only the Bach concerto. What? I was gonna try and surprise you, but I suck at secrets. Oh, my God. I'm front row center? Are you ki-- Mom, you're smearing. [laughs] Oh, my goodness. Oh, this came from the Treasurer's Office. Everything okay with tuition? Yeah, I took care of it last week. The concerto, really? I got to get gas. So I'll see you tonight? Mm-hmm. [laughs] Cristina. I love you too. When's it due? Two months ago. The school's sending notes home. You know, I knew it was gonna be expensive, but she's doing so good. Got the solo tonight. So you pay me back next month. I won't have it next month or the month after. Cristina's doing well in this school, isn't she? Honor roll? I'm ten grand short, Woz. Our extracurricular barely covers-- You'll have it. I'm working on something. I can't get into the specifics, but it's Juilliard-type money. You'll have it, don't worry. Hey, tox screen on our shooter's heroin. Jamarr was an amateur. Cut the stuff with a synthetic opiate. Makes it hyper potent, like a easy pass to an overdose. And if our runner has this poison and it hits the streets-- I want this guy picked up now. Donnie Pomp? As far as Internal Affairs goes, you could do worse. And you lent him your office? Home field advantage. [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ The assailant was later pronounced dead by responding paramedics. ♪ ♪ What do you squat, Harlee? Squat? Unassisted. I've seen you at the gym. What are you looking for, a chance to brag about your numbers? ♪ ♪ I'm wondering why you didn't let Detective Loman kick the door in? I mean, he's got a decent frame on him, Well, a bullet had just ripped past me, and I was in position. With your weapon drawn? Why don't we skip the dance and you ask your real question, Lieutenant? ♪ ♪ A rookie from your unit rushes in, opens fire, gets hit in return. All the while, you never discharge your weapon. Like I said, as I entered, I took an averted step around Detective Loman and saw that the assailant had been neutralized. With a SIG .45 in his right hand? Correct. That's interesting. Try being there. No, no, it's just I have a prior arrest record on your now-deceased shooter that describes him as being left-handed. Can you explain that? Well, either he was ambidextrous or broke his left hand, or a copper flat-out confused him with another perp because this assailant shot Detective Loman with his right hand. Nah, I'm messing with you. He wasn't a lefty. I couldn't resist. [sighs] You should try harder. [laughs] [siren wailing] Ten minutes earlier, we would have walked in on it. We came to question the girl about her boyfriend, found her beaten unconscious. Looks like Raul Mendez's crew. The boyfriend was on the fridge. What's so interesting about the boyfriend? Earl Barlow, been hanging with Loman's dead shooter, on our short list of known associates, seen wearing yellow shoes. Well, I guess someone else has the same list. We know Raul's not a fan of unsanctioned competition. Okay. Thanks. [knocking] Sorry to interrupt. Lieutenant, can I have a second? Yeah, come on in. We're done. Out of your hair in a minute. No, that's okay. Take your time. Okay, so that's him, the guy I saw out the window, Earl Barlow. Sap and Tufo traced him back to his girlfriend's place. She give him up? No, unconscious. She took a beating. Witness put on Raul Mendez's crew. Son of a bitch. I'll take care of Raul. Go sign up that bookie, Haim or Ham or whatever it is. He called again. You're sending Loman back to the field? It's a clean shoot. Internal Affairs cleared you both. Woz... It wasn't a clean shoot. You don't say. I took care of it. All Donnie got from me was a closed file. No, what he got is a file that he didn't want to touch. If he cleared us, what's the difference? The difference is you blinked. Tell me I didn't see you blink up there. Look, the brass pushes this newbie on us. You tell me to ride with him. I ride with him. I don't need to hear the details. I tell him to wait at the door-- I don't need to hear the details! Then why are you punching me on this? You want to save a pup from drowning. I appreciate the instinct. I admire it. Maybe we even use the kid someday, but never risk a hole in my boat unless you're positive you can plug it. Loman's not ready to get back out there. I'm not even sure he wants-- Just-- just leave the rookie to me. He's one of us now. Harlee, don't get wobbly. One slip at the wrong time, and we all go tumbling down, and I don't tumble well. 
 
 ♪ ♪ This was my father's trade. He taught me it was a sacred profession. Clearly an honorable front. Do you know why people keep the ashes? So they don't forget. A reminder. I need to remind you about our understanding, Raul? Oh, I remember. You wanted to protect parks and schools from the drug trade. I trusted your assurance that no one else will push into that territory. This isn't about your turf. The dope's cut hot. I need to get it all off the street. You cracked the skull of my only lead. I don't think you're appreciating my situation. I can't look like a bitch. You don't dispense street justice in my precinct. Now, where is he? The girlfriend never gave him up. Tough girl. Don't worry, I'll find him. No more mayhem, Raul. We both want what's best for the community, Lieutenant. I think you know what that's going to take. [intense music] Let me explain to you how this works. [groaning] I tolerate you because you keep your business contained and you don't cause me any aggravation. We both know that if I burned you down tonight, some punk phoenix would rise from your ashes, and I'm already starting to like him better. [groaning] How's that for a reminder? [groaning] [yelps, gags] [Jay Z's and Kanye West's "No Church in the Wild" playing] Ground rules are simple. No dog fights, no cock fights, absolutely no minors. You stick to the payments, Haim, and we shouldn't have any problems. What kind of payments? 15% should take care of any external threats. And vice? Best we can do there is give you a heads-up if they're looking at you. [laughs] Vice is half my problem. Half the problem, half the fee. Look, you pay to play. We don't negotiate. 15 against a grand gets you in the game, end of story. You in? ♪ all right, all right ♪ You like chicken shawarma? ♪ tears on the mausoleum floor ♪ I've never been a fan. ♪ blood stains the Colosseum doors ♪ 
♪ lies on the lips of a priest ♪ I'm willing to give it another try. ♪ rolling in the Rolls Royce Corniche ♪ 
♪ only the doctors got this I'm hiding from the police ♪ Get on the ground. You're under arrest for attempted bribery of a police officer. ♪ All white like I got the whole thing bleached ♪ Police, NYPD. ♪ drug dealer chic ♪ 
♪ I'm wondering if a thug's prayers reach ♪ 
♪ if Pious pious 'cause God loves pious? ♪ FBI, darling. Nice try. ♪ Socrates asked whose bias do y'all seek? ♪ Lower the weapon, Detective Santos. It's you who's under arrest. ♪ I know you hear my sneaks ♪ 
♪ Jesus was a carpenter ♪ 
♪ Yeezy laid beats ♪ 
♪ Hova flow the Holy Ghost ♪ 
♪ get the hell up out your seats ♪ 
♪ preach ♪ [sirens wail] What, no witty banter? You're the tie from the bar. Special Agent Stahl, Anti-Corruption Task Force. You can go ahead and take a peek at those. We've been following you for over a month. Street-level cop taking tribute in Brooklyn, that'll win you a medal. Not so much, but it will win you eight to ten years. Provided your cooperation leads to convictions, we'll grant you full immunity, even recommend that you keep your pension. Want to throw in a little something to sweeten the pot? Say, my self respect? Something I can use to buy back my soul? Well, there is the other option. How do you like jumpsuits? You have no idea what it takes to be a good cop. Does every cop walk into a Jersey casino last month and cash in $50,000 in chips? You don't get it. Violent crime is down, drugs and gangs away from schools because of this unit, because of Wozniak. A good cop might conclude that Wozniak's been taking payoffs and laundered money. Go after cops who are tearing communities apart, not the ones who are trying to hold them together. Corruption is corruption, Detective. Your boss is making moves. [phone rings] Speak of the devil. [phone rings] You want me to answer it? Consider it an audition. Harlee, where are you? I couldn't make the deal with the bookie. He wanted too many guarantees. I can't pronounce the guy's name anyhow. I just left the mortuary. Raul's standing down. Look, the crew's gonna be hitting the streets, all right? We're gonna find out if this Earl idiot is still dealing. Can you give me an hour? I can't. Cristina's car got hit. What? What happened? Is she okay? Yeah, no, she's fine. Her friend borrowed it and smashed in the front end. All right, well-- well, what the hell are you talking to me for? Go take care of her. Tell her I love her. That wasn't so hard. Look, if you planned this whole thing thinking I was gonna rat out my crew, you need to fire your profiler. Think so? I figured at least a couple of your pals might actually consider doing the time, but you-- you have a daughter, don't you? A daughter who needs you. It's just the two of you, isn't it? ♪ ♪ You can give your daughter her blouse and maintain her sense of normalcy, but I need to know we have a deal. I need to think about it. You're not getting the basic concept here. You're holding my daughter's recital hostage now too? Your life changed three hours ago, Detective. You need to start accepting that fact. Hers doesn't need to. Two minutes, otherwise I'll be left feeling you'd rather be behind bars. ♪ ♪ Oh, my God, you are my savior. What took you so long? Late arrest, the wagon broke down. Mom, it was a rhetorical question. You know I'm so proud of you, right? You know, I know you've worked so hard for this. Mom, you're gonna jinx me. Could you just tell me later, please? That's the thing. I can't stay. Now, you know I wouldn't miss this unless it was something important, right? Yeah. I get it. Baby, you're gonna be s-- [light instrumental music] ♪ ♪ [intense music] ♪ ♪ Hey, we saved you a seat. Hey. Hey, what are you doing here? You think we'd miss this? Our girl's got a solo. Excuse me, is this taken? No, go right ahead. Thank you. ♪ ♪ [applause] [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ Get away from me. He's not stupid. Tell me that you're in, and you can stay here with your daughter. You can attend every one of her concerts in the future, but if you warn Wozniak about any of this in any way, I'll know, and I'll haul your ass to jail. [tense music] So what's it gonna be, Harlee? I need to know right now. Are you in, or are you out? ♪ ♪ He's coming over here. In or out? ♪ ♪ [whispers] In. Incredible. Thank you. Talented beyond her years. You know, she works hard at it. There you go, independent confirmation. I can't believe how much poise she had after her car got hit. Yeah. You know what? Maybe we don't mention that. Of course. Ah, there she is, Carnegie Hall. You were great. Thanks, Uncle Woz. Flat out amazing, honey. [phone beeps] Thank you. I'm glad you stayed. [chuckles] It was beautiful. Thank you. I got to go. Duty calls. Your runner's girlfriend woke up talking. I got the address. You were great, excellent. See you at home. [train clattering] [Marilyn Manson's "The Beautiful People" playing] ♪ ♪ Earl spotted us on the platform and jetted. Tiger jacket and yellow kicks. ♪ ♪ I got him. Suspect running east on 64th. ♪ the beautiful people ♪ 
♪ the beautiful people ♪ 
♪ it's all relative to the size of your steeple ♪ 
♪ you can't see the forest for the trees ♪ [siren wailing] Get on the ground! Get on the ground now! ♪ ♪ Loman, he's yours! Police, stop! Stop right there! He's yours! Stop right there! [glass crashes] ♪ there's no time to discriminate ♪ [yelling] Stop! Police! Stop! Don't make me chase you! Get on the ground! ♪ something beautiful or something free? ♪ [indistinct radio chatter] Suspect last seen westbound on 65th. [vocalizes] ♪ ♪ [vocalizes] ♪ the beautiful people ♪ 
♪ the beautiful people ♪ 
♪ it's hard to pick which one they eat the most ♪ 
♪ the horrible people, the horrible people ♪ 
♪ it's as anatomic as the size of your steeple ♪ [both grunting] ♪ hey, hey ♪ [groaning] Got to hand it to you, Earl. That's how you resist arrest. Little help? You got him, good job. [grunting] I didn't do nothing. That's a hard sell after ten blocks. ♪ the beautiful people ♪ [phone ringing] Jason Bourne? I plugged my contact info into your phone. You can change the name to whatever you remember. I can think of a few names. Sunset Pier, Salt Silo, 3:00 PM. If you're not there, I come get you. [phone beeps] Is that your daddy calling? [scoffs] Anything else? Yeah. I just wanted to say I'm looking forward to working with you,  and that's-- [dial tone drones] That's-- [phone beeps] Hey. Earl took me to the rest of the bad dope. He had it in a laundromat basement. Caper closed, peace on the streets. Yeah. I forgot to tell you, 7:30 tomorrow morning a tow truck's coming to your house. Tow truck? Yeah, for Cristina's car. You said she banged it up. Rodney over at the precinct motor pool, he's hooking you up. You know, Woz, you don't have to do that. It's better she learns that not everyone has a motor pool. I know, but take advantage of it, all right? Home safe. Safe tomorrow. [Sia's "Chandelier" playing] ♪ party girls don't get hurt ♪ 
♪ can't feel anything ♪ 
♪ when will I learn? ♪ 
♪ I push it down ♪ 
♪ push it down ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ I'm the one "For a good time call" ♪ 
♪ phone's blowing up ♪ 
♪ ringing my doorbell ♪ 
♪ I feel the love ♪ 
♪ feel the love ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ one, two, three, one, two, three, drink ♪ 
♪ one, two, three, one, two, three, drink ♪ 
♪ one, two, three, one, two, three, drink ♪ [engine revving] ♪ throw them back till I lose count ♪ [car crashes] ♪ I'm ♪ 
♪ gonna swing ♪ 
♪ from the chandelier ♪ [tires squeal] ♪ from the chandelier ♪ 
♪ I'm ♪ [car crashing] ♪ gonna live ♪ 
♪ like tomorrow doesn't exist ♪ 
♪ like it doesn't exist ♪ [car crashing] ♪ ♪ [swelling dramatic music] ♪ ♪ [gasps] [muffled hip-hop music] Bought you a beer. Man, you can't cuff me out here for an hour. Save it for later. I got my lawyer. You don't get a lawyer. All you get is me. Look, ain't no big play here. Jamarr and I sold alone looking to make a quick dollar, not wrestle corners. It wouldn't be if your buddy Jamarr hadn't taken a shot at a cop. You'd be in a lot less trouble now, my friend. Hey, Jamarr didn't even have a piece. He got popped playing video games. I find that very hard to believe. I was there. Had to bolt before he shot my ass too. Pig's lucky I didn't have my own piece. I'd have put two between his eyes before the bitch could blink. [suspenseful music] Did you tell anybody that? ♪ ♪ Like I said, I want my lawyer. Let me ask you something, Earl. You got kids? [scoffs] Hell, no. I wrap my junk up. That's good. If you were a father, I'd have to think twice. From what I understand, you're a selfish prick with a blatant disregard for innocent life, who happens to have information that could hurt someone that I love, so you leave me with two options. The first option's the easiest-- book you, keep a clean conscience and my head down, but I make the hard choices, Earl. I sacrifice for the needs of the neighborhood, and you, my friend, are on the other side of that scale. [intense music] [car alarm blares] ♪ ♪ What the hell, man? ♪ ♪ Man, no, please. Please, I-- I won't say anything. Don't be playing me, man. I won't say anything, please, just-- please don't-- [muffled speech] ♪ ♪ [muffled] Man, please. Please, I'm begging you. Please. For the greater good, Earl. I protect and serve it. ♪ ♪ [muffled whimpering] He knows, doesn't he? What we did. Look, he'll protect you. He'll expect loyalty, but he'll protect you. What do you mean by "loyalty"? It depends on the day. Hey, sorry I'm late. Hey. I don't have a lot of time. Linda's got me shopping for the barbecue tonight. You celebrating your team's impeccable performance record? We're covered on your end, right? Loman officially made a clean shoot. Hey, as far as I'm concerned, your rookie, he did us all a favor. The kid might be worth protecting. Well, it's all about protecting Harlee. You know that. I want to bring her in on the job. Not until we have to. These people value discretion. We make them happy, we all benefit. One night providing security only. One night, Lieutenant. [suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ Where did you get that? This is the piece of jewelry that you wear the most. ♪ ♪ My daughter gave it to me. Now it's her gift to the criminal justice system. You never said anything about wearing a wire. I didn't say anything about a lot of things. That's how this works, so turn around. I got to set it. ♪ ♪ I said turn around... now. ♪ ♪ Lift your hair. ♪ ♪ Stay out of my apartment. ♪ ♪ There's a camera in the stone. Audio's in the setting. It emits a signal that we can pick up from within a few hundred yards. Are you done yet? ♪ ♪ Say something so I can test it. ♪ ♪ These are good people. ♪ ♪ Yo, Woz. Hey, yo, yo, Mami. Oh, you gorgeous girl. Oh, glad to see you could make it. Why are you always late? Why can't you ever be on time? Right? Ah. Fruit. I know, nobody eats fruit at a barbecue. [indistinct chatter, laughter] All righty. [phone beeps] Come back for more. We get it. Next to the laundry. But the laundry room went downstairs. That's what we did. So Woz will go immediately-- [light instrumental music] [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ Oh, it's all good. Hey. Hey. Oh, he's burning the burgers again. What would the man do without us? Goes both ways. No, I have a kid, so you and I-- [knocking] I think you're gonna start getting into, like, professional cooking. No, I'll let you come over for that. [laughs] ♪ ♪ In here. What is it? What's the matter? What happened? Every betrayal begins with trust. [dramatic music] What betrayal? The one that you never see coming. One that you-- you don't-- you don't think to look for. You anticipate-- you anticipate certain-- certain-- certain things. That's how you survive. But not this. Not this. What happened? Not happened-- it's happening. There's a rat. There's a rat! ♪ ♪ An FBI informant  on my team! ♪ ♪ I need to kill it. ♪ ♪ I need to kill it. ♪ ♪ And you're gonna help me because you're the only one I trust. ♪ ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 