Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x11 - The Breach - Shades of Blue 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x11 - The Breach https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=541&t=26128 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/18/16 19:56 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x11 - The Breach 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously, on "Shades of Blue"... 
 Where do you want it? 
 Camera in the bedroom, I guess. 
 I need immunity papers for Saperstein. 
 I need them backdated. 
 He's been snitching on us for two weeks. 
 My name's Linklater. 
 I'm a DEA Agent. 
 Joaquin here is Donnie's nephew. 
 Tomorrow we're gonna leverage  a kidnapped man's wife into scheduling a pickup but with our driver. 
 Mr. Zepeda, you've been exonerated. 
 You're free tonight. 
 Miguel Zepeda is not your father. 
 I'm gonna call your mother right now  and we're gonna clear this up, okay? 
 I'm her father. 
 And she's a fragile little girl. 
 That detective that put me away, Wozniak, how long have you two been working together? 
 I don't work with Lieutenant Wozniak. 
 The murder suspect's name is Royce and he owns the Kink Club and the building it's in. 
 Looks like someone killed our killer. Amnesty for the rest of my crew. Make that happen. Get me Baker. She wants immunity for the rest of her crew. [dramatic music] ["Closer" by JMR] ♪ I've been ♪ 
♪ Waiting ♪ 
♪ For you ♪ 
♪ For my clarity ♪ I've been waiting for this. You gonna give me what I want? ♪ And I just want you ♪ 
♪ To be close to me ♪ 
♪ ♪ [both breathing heavily] ♪ I just want you closer ♪ [phone ringing] Yeah? I got you that file because I didn't want to argue. Yeah, I like to argue. Stahl's case is dead. The FBI is off you, but don't do anything stupid to change that. We need to pull this job off tomorrow, Matt. Which is exactly why I'm making sure G-man Ken Doll is minding his own business. Speaking of business, I got a line on some real estate. Huge potential. That's why I agreed to do this job in the first place, but I want to cut you in on it. It's a great investment. What's the cut? 2 million. 2 million? That's not a cut. That's a decapitation, Donnie. Come on, that's not even your whole take from the score. I'm getting $3 million, I'm splitting it five ways. What, evenly with your crew? That's ridiculous. Now you need to rethink that, Matt. You son of a bitch. You're short. Hey, this is me making up to you. No, this is you mid-deal on an investment that you came up short on because I negotiated a bigger piece. Matt, no... [phone beeps off] [suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ [remote car lock beeps] ♪ ♪ Harlee! [engine turns over] ♪ ♪ Hey, baby, I know you're at dinner with Michaela, but I told you I wanted you to check in. Call back, okay? Your grandmother. She's pretty. All the women in my family are. I know she'd like to see you. Look, I wanted to meet you, but I'm not sure that I can see you again. I understand. Them pictures you found with your mother's bruises, um, that day we fought and she tripped down the stairs.... [sighs] I'll never forgive myself. I'm sorry, she... she tripped? Yeah. Why? What did she tell you? Never mind. It don't matter. So how did you get out of jail? They finally realized that I'm an innocent man. If you're innocent, then why were you in jail in the first place? Between you and me, I think somebody set me up. So you're on parole? No, no. I'm free. Like it actually never happened. Except it did happen. Otherwise you would have a lot more family looking out for you right now. I have family looking out for me now. Aunt Tess, Uncle Tufo, Uncle Woz. What's a Woz? It's Lieutenant Wozniak. My mom's boss. Uncle? I mean, it feels like. [chuckles] For how long? As long as I can remember. That's a long time. [tense music] I should probably get going. Yeah. Yeah, sure. Uh, listen, if you need to tell your mother that we met... She doesn't tell me everything. The FBI was looking at us three days ago. We're really gonna steal $12 million of confiscated drug money tomorrow? Wozniak has a source in Internal Affairs. Says the FBI's not on us. You know, I don't remember when I made the decision t... to bend the rules for cash instead of collars. Do you? Look, Tess, if you don't want to do this job, don't. I'll back you up. [door unlocks, opens] Where you been? Um, my phone died. I'll be in my room. I should go. Tess... you can drop out. No. I wasn't thinking. This isn't about me. It's about our kids. What can't Tess say no to? Union's voting on a cash for college fund. Gonna cut into our 401(k)s. It's so easy for you, isn't it? Doing what's best for me. It's the only reason I do anything. I know that may be hard for you to believe sometimes, but it's the truth. How was dinner with Michaela? It was good. Felt like family. All right, while we're waiting for Harlee,  where are we at with the murder of the shoeless landlord who ended up in the dumpster? Most likely suspect is still Randy Royce, the fetish club owner next door. Who's most likely still dead. The murder of a murderer. That's a lot of paperwork. Figured I'd go by there and talk to some of the employees later. All right, well, take Loman with you. He should be able to handle the investigation on his own when we break away. Our job goes down between 3:00 and 5:00. That means we're off radio by 2:45. Hey, where were you? Hi. Out spending my fortune. [all chuckling] Second van has been delivered from the parking garage we're leaving from. The first van that they gave us we've been storing over near Wozniak's boat. Well, I can go with you later. Pick up the first van from the marina. This job should be a friendly transfer. Everything's gonna be staged, but we have to be careful. Watch each other's backs. Well... the armored car's gonna stop within this perimeter. We'll know the exact location when we're on the move. This is where we drop the money off. So it's just A to B. [tense music] The drop is gonna be at a private airstrip. The pickup is going to be along the armored truck's rescheduled route, but the exact location is gonna come on the fly. So you're not afraid of passersby? We'll be obscured, but everybody's gonna be looking for a tail. Well, they're not gonna see one. The plan is to follow you remotely. And in that bag are two small GPS devices, one for each van. We'll monitor your progress from the command center. Keep a mobile unit somewhere within that perimeter in case of an emergency. ♪ ♪ A separate team will be waiting at the airstrip. But if you're not following me... We're not gonna be in range to listen to you live, which means we're gonna have to record. Another hard wire? I'll strap you before you go. Your place this time. Listen, Harlee, this is the last risk that you're going to have to take. You are so close. Immunity, go get it. What about immunity for my crew? You said that Baker had to talk to the U.S. Attorney. He wants more than what you're giving us. More? I'd have to open a vein. Push Wozniak to give you the name of the man calling the shots, the guy that you met with. Now you give me that, Harlee, I can make it happen. ♪ ♪ Harlee, are you withholding something? ♪ ♪ I'm just figuring out how to get that. ♪ ♪ Can I help you? A friend of mine died here. Frank Kovach. I got a couple questions about how that happened. Frank was my fiancé. I knew most of his friends. Do you have a name? Miguel Zepeda? Latino guy. Big hair. He showed up asking questions. And you have a story you're supposed to tell when that happens. I told him Frank was gonna kidnap his son and that I called the precinct, but he didn't believe me. He wanted to know if you were up there too. You told him no? I don't think it mattered. [knock at window] I got that license plate you wanted. Anything interesting? A mug shot's gonna be the highlight of my day. Gina Romero, working girl turned legal escort. What do you see when you look at her? A shot of penicillin. No, does she remind you of anyone? Harlee? With a wig. Maybe after a night of drinking. William Ingram. He owned the building. Next door. Yeah, I know him. Did you know he was found dead in a dumpster yesterday? We got tipped off that your boss, Randy Royce, was the guy who put him there. This guy used to complain about the noise, but Randy wasn't like that. Did Randy have enemies? Not one that would hang him in his office. We're one big kinky family. Everyone was upset he had to sell. Sell the building? Is there a buyer? Buyers. There were two of them. Real estate's a powerful motive. One was a regular. Joaquin something. Joaquin Foster and Miles Zenner just left our kidnapped victim dressed in their security uniforms. Lieutenant Pomp relieved them. All right, copy that. You let me know when Pomp leaves. The armored truck drivers are on their way to work. Did you connect with Harlee? We're gonna meet up later to wire her. Big day, Special Agent Stahl. Big day for the Bureau. I hope you've all read Agent Stahl's brief. From what we understand, his case is about to lead to 12 million stolen dollars, six corrupt NYPD detectives... [phone keypad tones] And an unknown third party who we believe is pulling the strings. [phone line trilling] [phone ringing] This is your last chance, Harlee. Have you talked to Wozniak? Yeah, just now. Can you deliver on what you promised? Stahl? I am putting my ass on the line pushing for your answers. Give me a name, I'll walk in to Baker, I'll get your crew immunity. Terrence Linklater. He's a DEA agent. He's ripping off his own seized assets. Harlee, you're beautiful. ♪ ♪ We won't have direct view of the money transfer, but Wozniak's crew will be monitored remotely by GPS planted in the two vans. All teams will be mobile. Alpha team positioned on this perimeter. Once the money is delivered to the drop, Bravo team will retrieve Keith Colby, who was kidnapped to leverage his wife, Ellen, a dispatcher at First Guardian Security. Agent Chen is surveilling his position now. We want everyone's hands in this cookie jar, people. Agent Stahl will join Charlie team once our asset, Detective Santos, confirms that the package is in motion. We strike at the final drop. Targets include Detectives Wozniak, Espada, Tufo, Nazario, Pomp... also DEA Agent Terrence Linklater. He's the man behind this heist. DEA? Just confirmed. Now this is government money, people. Think of it as your salaries. Detective Santos is our only asset? Correct. And only one person gets immunity. Everybody else goes down. ♪ ♪ Could've sworn I gave you a desk. Traded it in for some peace and quiet. That's a bad deal. That never lasts. Miguel's asking questions about Frank Kovach. Went to the construction site, talking to Kovach's fiancée. I thought we convinced her to keep quiet. We did, but he's showing his cards. You know what he's after. Yeah, proof that I screwed him. Well, he's not gonna find that. He's not taking us to court, and there's plenty that he can find. Cristina. [Harlee sighs] She's safe at school. So was Kovach's son. Remember how that turned out? Well, given our afternoon, you bring her to my house. I'll let Linda know that you're coming. That test was a big chunk of my grade. You can retake it. I'll explain everything to your teacher. What about explaining it to me? It's probably nothing, okay, baby? I don't want you to worry. Is this about Miguel again? Miguel Zepeda, yes. He didn't show up for his parole officer today. Great, so he skipped town. Can we all just relax? I want to make sure you're protected till he turns up. So, what, is he... is he threatening me? Look, what aren't you telling me? Look, I know that this sounds crazy. I know that it feels crazy, baby, but the best way that I can explain it is that I need to know that you're safe today. Looks like we work the same turf. Hey, you got a problem? You want to ask me that again? What is it you want? Something a lot less strenuous than you're offering him. I need some information. Clients count on my discretion. Yeah, and I'm counting on your foresight. You don't want to be doing this forever. I promise you the years aren't kind. Is that an offer of some sort? It's a blank slate. What do you hope I know? You paid a visit to the construction site where Frank Kovach died. Locked up for ten years. I've been paying a lot of visits. Don't waste my time, Miguel. I wouldn't do that, Harlee. Time is something you can never get back. You can turn over any stone. It's not gonna change the truth. I had nothing to do with your arrest. Okay. Then tell me... why are you scared? Of pruning shears? I wear a gun. [laughs] Never met a question you couldn't sidestep. Yeah? Never met an inmate who didn't have a delusion. You told me you had nothing to do with the cop who put me away. But you've been on Detective Wozniak's team for a decade. Makes me wonder what else you've been lying about. What? No sidestepping? Have you thought about what you're gonna do? Next year, year after that? Next week? I got some plans. You have a way to pay for them? Are you offering to bankroll a fresh start? 'Cause if you are... it's gonna cost a hell of a lot more than a cop's salary. I can get it, but that fresh start... has to happen away from me and Cristina. What kind of money are we talking about? For you? Life changing. Got it. I'll see you at the airstrip. [phone beeps off] [tense music] ♪ ♪ [muffled groaning] Keith, it's time to call your wife. [muffled whimpering] [phone keypad tones] ♪ ♪ [phone keypad tones] [phone ringing] Stahl. I talked to him. I talked to Keith. He's alive. Okay, did they give you any instructions? Mm-hmm, they want me to reassign two of our drivers to a different pickup. Joaquin Foster and Miles Zenner. Yes. Which pickup? The DEA office in Franklin. Harlee's right, it's DEA money. Ellen, you're doing great. Call us if anything changes, okay? What about my husband? Our best agents are watching him right now. We'll get him home. Is that C-4 the real deal? I don't know, but whoever's driving this van might want to avoid potholes. Are you nervous? You'd be in good company. No, I'm fine with today. Last night was tough. I took Mrs. Saperstein out to dinner. She told me that Sap made a run from two suits the day he died. Escaping the feds? No, like he just got picked up, but it doesn't make any sense. He had an immunity deal, Harlee. I know. Wozniak told me. So why would he run if he had already been on board for two weeks? Wait, two weeks? I thought he had just signed it. No, the date was right there on the paper. He had been selling us out for 14 long days. Wait, are you sure? Yeah, I'm the one who found it. Why didn't you say something? I brought it to Woz and he told me not to. I mean, I guess he was trying to protect Saperstein's reputation. ♪ ♪ And then he was dead. ♪ ♪ [phone ringing] Office of James Nava. Hi, this is Detective Santos. Can I bother you for some information? Shoot. I'm following up on Miguel Zepeda. Mr. Nava didn't tell you? He recused himself from that case. Right, of course. Um, I just need his parole officer's contact. Zepeda doesn't have a parole officer. The deal struck regarding his habeas appeal officially exonerated him. So he's not a parolee? He's a free man. Got it. Someone told me he hadn't checked in with his parole officer. They must have been mistaken. [somber music] ♪ ♪ 
 
 Unless there are two Joaquins who frequent the Kink Club, this is one of the two guys trying to buy the building. His credit card was run three times last week. Any chance he was caught on camera? No, apparently fetish clubs frown on photographic evidence. But the bigger mystery is he's buying a multi-million dollar property in Brooklyn on a $40,000-a-year salary. The guy works security. Then the other buyer must have the money. You know, money's a great quality in a partner. Loman's got a lead on the Royce case. You know him? Yeah, you didn't see him? He left the fetish club right before we found Randy hanging. Congratulations. Your lead just got upgraded to suspect. Yo, let's go pay him a visit. Can you take this one solo? Wozniak has the rest of us bird-dogging some wayward dealers. [chuckles] Sure. Bird-dog away. I'll see what I can dig up. Looks like a talk show host. Where would I know him from? You wouldn't if he's any good. He's the eyes that's been on us. Special Agent Robert Stahl. I staked him out last night. You see anything interesting? Yeah. I thought I saw you. [tense music] ♪ ♪ Who is she? She's an escort. He's obsessed with you. What, you think I look like this? She says he calls her "Harlee." Pays her to answer to it. You know what I mean. No, I'm not... I'm not sure that I do. The surveillance becomes personal. If he loses this case, he loses his daily fix. Oh, so now he's found a substitute. She's a pale imitation. You got to watch your back. Yeah. I always do. Who's in charge, Harlee? You know you are. You own me. Never forget that. Turn around. Ugh. ♪ ♪ Get me Baker. ♪ ♪ Um, yeah, hey. Look, Harlee's only willing to betray Wozniak. She wants... well, she wants immunity for the rest of her crew. What's it gonna take to make that happen? Went into the bedroom so you wouldn't have to make the call. [doorbell buzzing] ♪ ♪ [doorbell buzzing] [call box buzzes] All right, let's make it quick. Yeah, let's. Get Baker on the phone. Baker's fully briefed. She is? The immunity deals for my crew? I want confirmation. That paperwork is being signed as we speak. Okay, send Baker back with copies. Look, okay, I understand. Cold feet are to be expected here, but we are hours away from... You deliberately backdated Saperstein's immunity papers by two weeks. What's the difference? The difference? If you would've dated it when you picked him up then Wozniak would've known he wasn't a rat. You killed him! I didn't kill anyone, Harlee. I confirmed for Wozniak that his gut was right, to protect you. Your manufactured paperwork turned him into a murderer. Listen to yourself. Wozniak shoved Saperstein off that rooftop before he could be bothered with any evidence. Saperstein was gonna live! I convinced Wozniak to stand down! And I posted a federal agent outside Saperstein's room. Yeah, another brilliant strategy. Well, I didn't bank on Wozniak being insane enough to execute a bomb scare. You pushed him to that! No, I did exactly what you did! I let Wozniak be the monster he is. Don't do that again. [sighs] What are you gonna do, Harlee? You gonna call Baker? Gonna narc on me? She approved every tactical decision I made. Every single one. I want to hear her say that my crew has immunity. I told you that paperwork is being... And I don't trust you. About anything. Call her. Did you ever even ask? You lied to me and you used me! I handled you because I'm a handler and you're my asset. You broke the law, Harlee. You put yourself in this position and I'm the one that gave you a way out. Yeah, you're a real hero. This isn't about me, Harlee, and it's not even about you. This is about your daughter. We're back where we started. You're gonna trade their freedom for yours, their future for Cristina's, and I'm going to make good on the first and only real promise that I ever made to you. Get out of my house. After I do what I came here to do. ♪ ♪ Take your shirt off. You're not touching me. Look, Harlee, we have to confirm this is operational. That protects both of us. Confirm it from over there. ♪ ♪ [engine starts, revs] [suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ [tablet clicks on] How you doing? I'm looking for Ellen. Uh, she's right there. Thank you. Mm-hmm. [knocks on door] Hey. Can I help you? Yeah, Detective Loman. I was hoping to speak with Joaquin Foster. They said you keep his schedule. Are you working with the FBI? No. NYPD. Oh, my mistake. Uh, Joaquin's on a pickup. Okay, what kind of pickup? Armored truck. He's one of our drivers. He's not allowed to stop while on a delivery. Who said anything about stopping him? And if I asked if this has anything to do with the federal agent whose apartment we hid that camera in... I'd wonder why you were asking questions which you already knew the answer to. So you're stealing a slice of the stolen money you're supposed to deliver to the FBI? I need a piece of it to pay off my daughter's father. He's dangerous. You know, if your only way out is to trust a junkie, you might just have hit rock bottom. That's exactly where I am. In deep with no other play. How deep? That's a federal wire you're tampering with. Touché. Now the real favor. That slice I'm stealing, I need you to pick it up. You have to stay sober, secure a vehicle. I'll text you a location on this burner when I have it. Probably in the next 90 minutes. Wait until everyone involved is clear. Can you do that? That's it? Unless you can also teach me how to stall a van within half a mile. What kind of van? ♪ ♪ [device beeping] Both location trackers are up. Okay, we are live, ladies and gentlemen. I have Agent Chen on Com 3. [phone line beeps] How's their hostage? Lieutenant Pomp is leaving the warehouse. No one else has come in or out. Okay, stand by. Strike team Bravo's en route. We'll signal you when it's time to recover. How long? Job's in motion. Harlee's in place. Be patient. Stick to the playbook. Early bird. Thought I'd circle the block a few times. ♪ ♪ [phone beeps] ♪ ♪ Are the vans rolling? Not yet. Wozniak's probably giving his "Henry V" speech. ♪ ♪ Are we good? Let's go. ♪ ♪ [engine turns over] ♪ ♪ [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ The strike team has arrived. Sit tight. No unnecessary actions  until the drop is made. Both vehicles on the move. ♪ ♪ They're separating. One target, correct? Separate routes are a precaution. They should land at the same place. ♪ ♪ You with me? Need you to stay focused. I am focused. If the next hour goes as planned, we'll be back to normal. We'll be better than normal. You checked in with Linda? Cristina's fine, and she's gonna stay fine. I've been lying to her. Told her straight out that Miguel wasn't her father. Well, we'll make it true. Miguel would be an idiot not to take whatever you throw at him and then disappear. It's about a lot more than money. A predictable defect of human nature. Money almost always trumps pride, and if it doesn't, I'll persuade Miguel myself. Seriously. We'll handle it. It just got away from me, Woz. ♪ ♪ No matter how hard I tried... I just couldn't fix it. If all else fails, Harlee, you come clean and you beg forgiveness. ♪ ♪ I won't get it. At first, maybe, but you're her mother. There's no way around that. I want you to know that I appreciate everything you've done for her. For me. I could use a new snowblower. Woz... really. ♪ ♪ You changed my life. ♪ ♪ We'll get back on track. I promise. [phone ringing] I thought we said no calls. What are they doing? Yeah? Hey, we got a problem. Traffic? No, completely stopped. Van two hasn't moved in three minutes. Can you fix it? We don't even know what's wrong. The van just died. Is it electrical or mechanical? Sparking, but it won't turn over. Okay, look, never mind. Just leave it. Walk away. Woz and I can handle this on our own. Are you sure? Yeah, we have a schedule. Detective Santos knows getting Wozniak to that armored truck is her only out. So what is this, a flat tire? Every operation encounters an unforeseen speed bump or two. Is Van one still en route? Affirmative. I don't like it. Sweep the warehouse. Recover our kidnapping victim. After the cash is delivered. Now. I don't want any more speed bumps... pick him up. Guys, they said forget it. They're gonna go alone. Give me a second. I'll hail a jump. They can't wait. Hey, we're in this thing together. I'll get us there. We got it covered. Better to have one van than to miss the window. I'm not holding you up. Keep going. Tufo, listen to me, walk away. Okay, give me it. Can you fix the damn thing or not? Bravo team, go. Go! Strike team advancing. Van one just turned onto 39th Street. ♪ ♪ Two minutes. If not, abort. If Linklater wanted us to have two vans, he should've given us two vans that worked. And don't draw any attention. What are they gonna do, carjack someone? Let's hope they're smarter than that. Woz, we can do this on our own. If they don't make it, we will. Move, move. ♪ ♪ We're on him. I've got a visual. Roger that. Report on his condition. ♪ ♪ Agent Chen? ♪ ♪ Oh, my God. ♪ ♪ His throat's been slit. ♪ ♪ This wasn't supposed to happen. You told me Wozniak had Linklater's assurance they were keeping this man alive. Detective Santos said Wozniak's participation was contingent on it. Then they're going off script. They can't throw it out completely. There's too many moving pieces. This was a man's life, Stahl. I will take responsibility for it. We can take the fall, or we can nail the people responsible. [suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ Guardian 13, north on 65th. Fully loaded en route. Copy, Guardian 13. Next radio check in 15 minutes. ♪ ♪ Time to officially avoid traffic. Proceed with detour, my friend. ♪ ♪ [computer beeping] [knock at door] Birthday cake in the break room. I'll be there in a minute. ♪ ♪ We get to test the theory that cops make the best criminals. ♪ ♪ Out of the truck or I blow it up. Let's go. ♪ ♪ She'll ignore the alarm for five minutes. [computer beeping] [beeping stops] ♪ ♪ Okay, they're not waiting for that second van. The armored truck drivers just sent the signal. Robbery in progress. ♪ ♪ Squad, officer needs immediate backup. Possible armored truck robbery in progress. Turn around. ♪ ♪ [indistinct chatter] [phone beeps off] ♪ ♪ [car tires squealing] ♪ ♪ I hope that's a rental. At a steep discount. Improvised with the help of a long-term parking facility. Why couldn't you just stay away? Wozniak : You weren't followed, right? Tess : Upside to being a cop is you can't stop thinking like one. [phone line trilling] Come on, pick up. Agent Stahl, we just picked up a call on the police scanner. Armed robbery in progress. Bigger things here. Armored truck robbery. Where? Whoa, that... that's a sight for broke eyes. Funny to think that it's all just paper. How bad a beating do you want? ♪ ♪ You open that? Yeah, I was just checking for tracking devices and dye packs. So far, so good. You have four minutes until dispatch reports the alarm. All right, wallets, guns, walkies, put it in the bag. Come on, come on. Kink Club. What? Never mind, never mind. Uh, don't forget that gun, man. Come on, let's go. We're on the clock, let's go! ♪ ♪ Slight problem here, Woz. Anything worse than 20 years in Sing Sing? Ask him. He's the murder suspect. I think you're mistaken. Back to the plan then. Give me the gun and turn around. You know what, you guys just go. Okay, go. We'll handle the cavalry. Somebody want to speak English here? Randy Royce, the devil at the Kink Club. I think your man here killed him. Is that true? You got to get out of here. Oh, you wanted to buy the building, huh? Took him out 'cause the price wasn't right? Everybody needs to back off. Did Donnie put you up to this? We can't do this, Woz. Not here. I'm waiting for an answer! Which one of you wants to buzz in first? You want to wait for the SWAT team to show up? Up! Get your hands up! ♪ ♪ Step away from the truck. Loman. Harlee, step back. Loman, did you follow us here? I followed him. You want to tell me what the hell we found here? Found your man and we're taking him in! I go in, you all do time. This is not what it looks like. Not what it... really? Because it looks like you're robbing an armored truck filled with DEA money! I called it in. Loman, stand down. ♪ ♪ Who are you? ♪ ♪ Gun! [gunshots, Tess gasps] [grunts] [gunshots] Tess! [Tess groaning] ♪ ♪ Ah, shoot. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 