Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x05 - Equal & Opposite - Shades of Blue 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x05 - Equal & Opposite https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=541&t=25055 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/05/16 08:02 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x05 - Equal & Opposite 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on Shades Of Blue... 
 I trusted your assurance hat no one else will push into that territory. 
 We both want what's best for the community. 
 Portuguese, right? 
 When I realized the escort was Brazilian,  I asked her to teach me how to say a few things. 
 You've never been married. 
 You don't know how bad it could get. 
 Wozniak doesn't know anything. 
 Only that we accessed his inner circle. 
 There's a rat on my team! 
 You're about to move a lot of illegal cash. 
 You need to get this buttoned up. 
 I need to know if you're still in. 
 Yeah, you do. 
 [heavy breathing] 
 [heavy breathing] 
 [tense music] 
 ♪ ♪ Unh! Get off me, bitch! I only had you on failure to appear. Now I have you on resisting. [handcuffs closing] And a concealed weapon. You look that good in orange? Whole park, and you had to ackle me into some dog crap? Oh, no. What? No! What happened to you? What does it smell like? I hate warrant day. Yeah, well, I had to tackle my guy into a rose bush. Seriously? A bed of roses? It wasn't a total loss. We just confiscated about $1/2 million in heroin. That means somebody dangerous lost it. They're gonna be out for blood. [dog whimpers] [gasps] [chuckles] Matt! [chuckles] Sorry. I put a chair up in the kitchen. You brought home a dog? Eh, yeah. He was in an alley, and he looked skinny, so I just figured-- He could have rabies or fleas. Baby, can you please take him o the vet and check it out? Absolutely not. Come on, you've taken in worse. Please. Library's six blocks that way. Yo, relax, pops. I'm serving a warrant. Any minute my guy's gonna walk out that building. That's the third time I seen that car today. Congratulations. You gonna buy that funny book or not? He look like he mad dogging me? Hey, homie, you want to talk? You following me? Hmm? [speaking Portuguese] [speaking Portuguese] [both speaking Portuguese] [knocking on door] It's your boyfriend with the earrings. Dude. We said two hours. That's before we caught a tail. We got to talk to Woz. Wrap it up. A tail? Why would someone be following you? Well, the guy didn't stop to explain it to me, but I made him at hree different spots. You mean we made him. Yeah, I got you. Far as Wozniak knows, we together all morning. Can we finish "Portuguese for Dummies" tomorrow? I can squeeze you in after my 9:30 orgy. [laughs] Kidding. My orgy isn't until 11:00. [chatter on police radio] You sure they were following you? The guy was dogging us all morning. It didn't occur to you to approach calmly and request ID? It occurred to me o beat his ass. Run the plates. Go pay him a visit. No. You didn't get his plates? What about you, boy wonder? I was chasing a warrant. He got away. Excuses are the tools of the incompetent. So what do we do? Dog crap boy is yours. What about you? Has anyone been following you? No. What are you thinking, feds? I think we need o tighten things up. I don't want you accepting even a cup of coffee from anyone. So the dope belongs o Raul Mendez. Driver dropped his name, hought we'd release him. We don't work for Raul. We tolerate him because he promised o keep small time. Shouldn't be stocking in those quantities. And a seizure that size could be Raul's whole ball game. He's not gonna let that go quietly. Maybe throw a brick or two back to him, show of good faith? That's not what we do, Tess. But he's a gang banger with a long reach. Is some moral code really worth a lot of people getting hurt? Greater good. Not a bad idea. Why don't you feel him out? He's really gonna love hearing that he lost 90% of his stash from a woman. You know it's got to be you, Woz. All right, I'll peel off a brick. You set up the meet. You just said we don't work for Raul. And she just pushed back. I told you, I'm gonna start looking at everyone. I'm gonna start with her. You think Tess is the mole? I think that's sounding a lot like entrapment. Harlee, please, you stink. Go home, take a shower, all right? Meet me back at the ranch. [water running] [cell phone rings] I know how to use a phone. If I have something, I'll call you. Harlee, I don't only call o harass you. No, sometimes you call o threaten me. Well, today I'm breaking new ground. I'm calling to apologize. Okay. The things I said yesterday, you know, I was out of line. You were trying to help me and I ook out my frustrations on you. Still waiting for those magic words. I'm sorry,  and thank you for making this easy. Well, now that we're friends again, can you back off your guys? Which guys would those be? The tail that you put on Sap and Tufo. They got made, and now Wozniak's more paranoid than ever. That's not me. Well, it's not your chirpy partner, because Tufo said that he driver was a guy. When was this? Earlier today. We're not surveiling anyone today. I'll look into it. Shouldn't you already know what's going on? This could be a good thing, Harlee. If Wozniak's rattled, hen he'll make mistakes. You're wasting time. Get back to the precinct so hat you don't miss anything. Get back to the precinct? Macchiato with almond milk. Almond milk? The you from ten years ago would hate the you now. Me ten years ago didn't spend 80% of the day on her ass. Are we all done with the foreplay? I have serious concerns about Agent Stahl. What sort of concerns? I-I have the strong sense his interest in me goes beyond professional. Your timing is interesting. The minute the case gets momentum-- No, I'm serious, Gail. I think that he's surveiling me inappropriately. How do you think his plays out? You whisper a personnel concern and walk away? You were arrested on federal charges. I still have rights. Expectation of privacy, safety. I can change the player, but the song remains the same. Now, do you have a legitimate complaint against Agent Stahl? Would it matter if I did? Yes or no, Harlee. No. I'm gonna do you a huge favor I'm not gonna tell Stahl about any of this because I need things to be running smoothly right now. Don't call me again. Nah, it's empty. I thought you were peeling off a brick. Changed my mind. Lieutenant. You're looking well. Nice suit. Court or church? Funeral. You caught me during business hours. I understand you stumbled onto something that belongs to me. Well, that's what happens when you hire wo outstanding warrants to haul your stash in broad daylight. Well, lucky it fell into friendly custody. You know better than o resupply in bulk. Demand has changed. The house can change the rules. Unfortunately, the house is the state of New York. Your junk's been bagged and tagged. What's it gonna take o get it back? The legalization of heroin. Consider it breakage, one of the downfalls of running your own business. Breakage doesn't cover the 1/2 million I owe my connect. Give me half back and I'll cover the loss. You're confusing this with a negotiation-- it's not. Then why are you here? To avoid confusion. I look forward to providing you clarity. I thought we were fixing this. You just poured fuel on the fire. I'm a cop. He's a drug dealer. [engine starts] [muffled door buzzer] [door buzzer] And God said, "Let there be light." Get over here and give me some love. Oh, you look good, Caddie. 20 days locked up is 20 days sober. How's it feel? Like I need to get high. You holding? I'm just kidding. Unless you are. Ugh. You know I can leave you in there. Oh, streets have made you cold, girl. Hey, not that I'm not grateful, but why'd you spring me a week early? You know how you're always saying you owe me from way back? I need to collect. Every day I'm alive I owe to you. Anything you need, you got it. Think you can keep clean for a couple more hours? [door closes] Where do you want it? Camera in the bedroom, I guess. You believe I used to rain you to bust B&Es? Now look at us. How many crimes are we committing? More than 20 days' worth. How long do you need? Two, three hours, maybe. I'll try and make sure he doesn't come home for lunch. You gonna tell me about this mope? The gift of plausible deniability, Caddie. Take it. And I didn't get you anything. You know, I know you haven't had an apartment in a long time, but this isn't the bedroom. Yeah, I'm looking for hidden cameras. This light goes red, we're dead. Ours is gonna be invisible, right? Guy doesn't know to look, I could put a camera up his nostril. And what if he has one of those scanners? Can't be traced to you. Why do you need his guy, anyway? He took something from me. I'm just trying to get it back. Real subtle, Raul. "Breakage." Wonder if he had o look the word up first. "Breakage." Is that when he rubber tears? Do you have to work at being juvenile or is it just, like, in your DNA? Are you requesting a sample? "Breakage," it's a business term. Means setting money aside for anticipated losses. I got a feeling by end of day, Raul will be expanding hat definition. Hey, uh, we cool? Yeah, as long as you don't keep asking. I pay you for extra protection and I'm the only place on he block this happens to? I'll handle it. You have my word, Kirby. Words don't unbreak windows. We should throw he poor guy a few bucks. Insurance should cover him. Yeah, in three months. We ought to shake down Raul's crew to tide him over. Just start the claim-- add a recommendation to expedite. Whoa. I look like he team intern? No, you look like the only one who can spell "expedite." She been acting jumpy to you? Tess? Yeah. No more than usual. We paying Raul a visit? No, we already had our powwow, for whatever good that did. Think it's time we revoke his good citizen privileges. Yeah, well, let's see him try o stir things up without a crew behind him. [engines starts] [breathing deeply] [knocking on door] Sorry to barge in-- I didn't see an assistant anywhere. She insists on taking lunch. Are you lost? Special Agent Robert Stahl, FBI. Donnie Pomp, Internal Affairs. Wife or mistress? Ah. Incline bar. Mistress is a better story. Yeah, tell that o my ex-wife. So, uh, what can I-- what can I do for you, Agent-- Stahl. I just wanted o drop by, let you know we're in your backyard and we seem to be kicking over the same rocks. Really? Nothing I can think of warrants federal attention. Well, it's a few detectives in the 64th. Lieutenant Wozniak's unit. You've got a surveillance detail on them. I might. Well, I'd love to know what your angle is. Just a routine integrity check. Nothing to waste ink on. Good. 'Cause he Bureau needs you o put that on ice for a minute. One of your follow cars was made the other day, I got word. You got word, huh? You got someone on the inside? Newton's third law. Every action has an equal and opposite reaction. Hey, come on, we're on he same side here. Maybe I can help you out. Well, it's probably best if I don't say anything, and that's nothing personal, you understand. No, of course. Tell you what. If you're serious about helping out, he best thing you can do is call off your dogs. Consider it done, but maybe, as a professional courtesy, you could let me know if you find anything on these guys. I'll try to quid pro quo. I can't promise you anything, Donnie. Fair enough. [kicks desk] Prick. Y'all some sorry taggers. Got evidence all over you. Caught you red-handed. Stop resisting! Yo, we ain't left our corners. Why you going back on the deal? What's your name? [belches] Only name you need o know is Raul. [groans] You can't let these animals disrespect you, Loman. I don't have to act like them either. They don't see it as rising above. You're showing weakness. You show them anything but steel, hey're gonna eat you alive. I'll make you my official emissary. With your one phone call, you're gonna tell Raul hat if he doesn't fall in line, I'm gonna knock him down. You got it? Get him out of here. Come on, come on! [entry bell rings] Okay, in the flesh. What is it? Wozniak's expecting a delivery. What kind of delivery? I don't know. He just mentioned it after he found out Tufo was being tailed. Think your shadow's got him spooked. They're not my shadows. They're your shadows. It's Internal Affairs. What does IA want with us? They investigate police misconduct and your crew is dirtier than dirt. Don't worry, I backed them off. Here's your coffee and donuts. I'll be right back with some fresh cream. All right, thanks. What, not your type? FBI didn't teach you how o read basic female signals? She was throwing you major vibe. You didn't even smile at her. You see her tip jar there? It's overflowing, and the donuts here aren't that good. I don't believe you're one of those good-looking guys who doesn't know he's good-looking-- you know. You screwing with me? I'm just saying that if you looked around and pulled the stick out of your ass, you could clean up. Until I close this case, you're the only woman in my life. [cell phone rings] Santos. What? Where is he? Not it. His name is Manny Puentes. He got pulled over rolling a stop with a broken tail light. When I heard it was Cristina's car, I had him brought here. Damn it, I just fixed that car. Did you get a hold of her? No, school wouldn't put her on. She's in a practice AP exam. Well, at least she's okay, right? Listen, there's something else you should know-- Boy, did you steal he wrong car. I didn't steal it, I borrowed it. I told the other officer I'd pay for the tail light. He was gonna call my girlfriend. You think his is no big deal? I know a judge who hates car thieves. Maybe I should alk to a lawyer. Ow! Felony Grand Theft Auto is five years. By the time you get out, you'll be able to rent your own car, so keep lying. [musical ringtone] That's probably her. My girlfriend. I'm supposed to pick her up after school. ♪ ♪ [dramatic movie music] Wow, empty theatre. [speaking indistinctly] How's your eye? Been hit harder by Girl Scouts. [laughs] ♪ ♪ Heard you had a visitor. FBI agent said I'm stepping on his toes and I should back off. I put a few surveillance men on your crew. Why would you do that? To find the leak. And this confirms it. The feds are on to us. You definitely have a rat in your house. Yeah, and there's one right in front of me. It wasn't an official detail. I was just trying to help. You're too close o this, Matt. I want every photo. Memory cards, too. You expose me and my crew again, I'm gonna do a hell of a lot more han give you a bruised eye. I was just trying o ease the burden. Back off. I'm on to one of my people. Who? Yeah. The sooner you ake care of this, he sooner we can move forward with the job. We got heat all over us and you're still raring to go? Don't let fear cost you he payday of a lifetime. [gun shots] No, no, hey! Hey! That's my car! [car horn honking] Son of a bitch takes my car. You looking for a funeral, Raul? Son of a bitch! Harlee, you take his message? What? No. Looks like somebody had a stroke writing this. It says your husband's gonna be late. You're welcome. Oh, great. Now the b*st*rd can't even text me. He's got to lie hrough an intermediary. You guys make dying alone look better by the day. Where's Carlos? I got to get out of here. I don't know. I put a dog chip in him, though. You should check the pound. We canvassed the local chop shops for your car. Hasn't turned up yet. Tufo hit the scrap yards? He's still out there. Are you sure you don't want us o put out an APB on your car? Raul's gonna need his product more. Go sit on the mortuary. He's gonna stick his neck out eventually. Where's Tess going? [tense music] ♪ ♪ 
 
 [knocking on door] It's 2:00. I thought it'd be nice. Well, we're still on duty. How about some tunes? My God. Why are you acting like this is your first time? Please tell me it's not. I just want you o be comfortable. I am comfortable. Now come here. Is that Manhattan? He took her to Manhattan. That's the High Line. Hey. Heard you had a rough morning. Nothing like his afternoon. A patrol caught him driving Cristina's car. He broke her taillight. Any priors? Worse. This is his phone. Oh. Take it this the first you're hearing about a boyfriend. That loser is not her boyfriend. That's a lapse in judgment. At least he's not a car thief. Car's in my name and I didn't say he could drive it, so I'm charging him. Look, I'm already drowning in this drug seizure. Show an overworked public servant some mercy. Let me throw a good scare into him instead. You're not exactly "bad cop" material. I'll use scary words, like "punitive damages," "incarceration." No, I want weeping or pants-wetting, or no deal. I'll do my best. Hello. I'm Assistant District Attorney James Nava. What's your name? Manny Puentes. I told that cop lady I didn't steal the car but she won't listen, and she stole my phone. You happen to catch that cop lady's last name? Santos. Oh, I'm a dead man. You really like this girl? Absolutely, for real. All right. You say exactly what I tell you to say, maybe I can get you out of this alive. Start with "Detective Santos, I really like your daughter." I wouldn't get oo worked up. Kids are losing their v-cards later these days. It's all about mouth business. Nice, safe mouth business. Are you looking to get shot in the face? No, I'm just saying. I saw it on Dateline. You ever hear of a rainbow party? [cell phone rings] Mmm. You get Cristina one of them HVV shots yet? [door buzzer] Are you sleeping with my daughter? No. Are you sure about that? No. I mean yes. Yes, I'm sure. Are you sleeping with her? I really like your daughter. Harlee! Take it easy. [tense music] ♪ ♪ [knocking on door] Does housekeeping knock that loud? Open the damn door. Oh, Woz. You didn't tell him we were here, did you? Yeah, I told him I was gonna bang my idiot partner and then I invited him to watch. Get dressed, get back to work. You, my car, one minute. Espada? What the hell you thinking? Nothing. That was the point. First you want o sell drugs, now you're stepping out on your husband? What's going on with you? It's none of your business, okay? You ride in my crew, I need o know your head's straight. Joe's cheating on me. You know this for sure? Woz, I'm losing my family. I don't know how o fix this. Picked a hell of a way o try. You think I should leave him? Tess, men are dogs. Dog pisses on the rug, you swat it with the newspaper. If the pissing becomes habitual, start looking for a farm. Okay. I'm sorry, sweetie. Hey, you're not gonna ell anyone right? Not if it ends today, no. Okay. Is anybody working today or what? Uh, we're just waiting on the tow truck, Lieutenant. Someone dropped your rig off, Boss. I love the new color. Really brings out your v*g1n*. Hey, does Linda know you're into dark meat? Come on. My wife gave me hat subscription. [all laugh] You guys gonna watch me jerk off or what? Oh, I'm not busy. Let's go, back to work. [ominous music] ♪ ♪ Finally gonna follow your dream of becoming a Mary Kay lady? [chuckles] No, I'm saving that as a treat for when I retire. That's a paint job from Raul. What kind of thank you note you going to send? Tess was right-- this would all be ancient history if I'd just broke off a little piece of the haul and gave it to him. No, word gets out hat you did Raul a favor, hen everybody wants the same. If it means keeping the peace, hen I'm gonna ake that risk. You start moving those lines, eventually you forget why you drew them in the first place. Harlee, I can't fight wars on multiple fronts. I only got one set of eyes in the back of my head, and they're looking for a knife. Then maybe, just this once, you let somebody else do the fighting for you. You know-- Do me a favor. Put this back in evidence. Gladly. What are you gonna do? I'm gonna find a soldier. [engine starts] Detective Santos. Manny has graciously agreed not to press assault charges. You know where I live? Yeah, of course you do. Car's over there. Drive straight there, no stops. You understand? I'm really sorry, ma'am. I want you to know I really like and respect Cristina. Well, then you won't want to upset her by telling her about this. Is it the boy or the situation? Both. Me and Cristina never had secrets between us. This is a big one. Yep. Tell your parents everything when you were 16? No. But I bet you did. Followed all the rules in the Boy Scout handbook? Eagle Scout. Of course you were. Well, it's nice to have one around when you need it. You can owe me one. One what? What did he say? Who? Who? Father Christmas. Who do you think? He said don't screw where you eat. Well, that's expected. So how do you want o play it? How do I want o play what? Getting out of here. We got the hotel room for 18 more hours. Seriously? God. What? What? How stupid are you? Apparently pretty damn stupid. Two hours ago you were begging to have s*x with me. Begging? You were practically humping my leg before we got in the room. Oh yeah? What happened to "Put your hands on me"? Put my hands on you? Huh? You want my hands on you? My boss just pulled me off of you half-naked, elling me that I'd better knock it off. So that is exactly what I'm gonna do. In what bizarro world is this my fault? Remember you came on to me. [scoffs] Woz is right. You're all the same. Don't lump me in there with your husband, all right? That son of a bitch akes you for granted. And who's there for you, huh? Me. I don't need you to be. [hip-hop music plays] ♪ ♪ Señor Wozniak. Sit down. Let Devonte treat you o a spit polish. Leon, take care of this-- Nah, I'm not here o get my feet tickled, hanks. We've kept our promise. My boys have been on their best behavior. That's why I'm here. Some prime real estate is about to open up, and I think you've earned it. What you want for it? Just follow the rules. No business outside designated corners. If your crew starts to stray, you pull them back. If I have to do it, deal's off-- you lose everything. If I'm eating the beef, I want to know whose cow it is. Raul Mendez. Oh, hell no. Boy's crazy, burning bodies all damn day. I'm too pretty to be cooked up in his oven. You and I are gonna make sure hat doesn't happen. You interested or not? Hey. What a surprise. Come in. Wow, you look incredible. Perfect timing. You mind? Oh, sure. Obrigada. You got a hot date onight or something? Are you serious? Right, sorry. I, um, realized I didn't pay you earlier, and I didn't want you to send your manager to break my legs. I have something for you too. My friend Marco owns a restaurant called Tropical. He can teach you o cook Brazilian food. For your date. I don't know. Last time I touched a stove, I lost an eyebrow. Your girl will love it, and it will only cost you $150. That's a lot of dough for a cooking class. I've charged a lot more for a lot less. I'm expecting a home cooked meal in return for the tip. If I don't poison the first girl, consider it a date. Killer view. Still gonna need a roof over your head. Oh, enough with hat already. You saved my life. Apps loaded. You're all set. At least let me give you a couple bucks. If you're hell-bent on giving me something, how about an explanation? Where did you get these? I think you already know. Trust me, he ain't gonna miss 'em-- dude's got stacks. This doesn't look like Internal Affairs. So who is it? FBI? No, I'm on a joint task force. I can't talk about it. It's been a while since I wore a badge, but last I remember we surveil argets, not each other. If you're working for the feds, it ain't by choice. They're squeezing you. You're not my training officer anymore, Caddie. Yeah. Let you down on that one. I can get you into rehab at St. Joseph's, you know that. If I ever change my mind, you'll be the first to know. Come on, Caddie. When was he last time you had 20 days? When was the last time you were honest? I'll leave you to it then. Eight years vice undercover taught me hat living between two worlds comes with a price. The paranoia makes you second guess every decision. Then the secrets and lies chip away at you ill there's nothing left. Bet the drugs didn't help. Main line helps me rise above. I get the appeal. Eight years. I don't think I can last eight days. I thought I knew whose side I was on. Now I don't know who to trust. And I hate them both for taking that away from me. The only thing I do know is that when Cristina finds out who I really am... I'm gonna lose her. So I just keep thinking that if I can hold on long enough... somehow there's a play where I get out without my daughter being ashamed. [quiet music] ♪ ♪ [sirens in distance] [hip-hop music] ♪ ♪ Thought you got wrapped up with everyone else. Cops let me go. Why would they do that? Give you a message. Let's go. This ends now! Welcome back. I needed you o hear me, homie. And you thought he best way to do that was to steal my pride, because why? Because a man's pride is all that really matters. We could still work something out. I'm the only one who knows what's up. Problem is, you're under the assumption hat I'm not proud of a certain part of myself. Yeah, 'cause if I was you, I couldn't look in the mirror. I have large appetites. I like a full menu. Variety. Look, man, I'll forget what I know. No, you won't. You're not gonna talk about it either. You're going away, and you're gonna stay away. All you got on me is a gangbanger's word. And what I'm gonna have on you is video. Wozniak, don't you leave. You can't do this, do you hear me? Wozniak! Hope you don't have a gag reflex, dawg. Especially with what I'm packing. Car's gonna be out back when you're done. You know what they say, Raul. You never go back. Dear Cristina, I keep writing you these letters, even though you've never written back, because I like to think hat you're reading them. Hey, Mom. What was that? Nothing. You scared me. Why are you hiding the mail? Oh, um. It's your tuition bill. I didn't want you o die of shock. Mm-hmm. Why are you acting so sketchy? I saw your taillight. Okay, saying random things is not helping with he sketch factor. Your car, the taillight. It's broken. [sighs] What happened? Okay, I looked away for like one second and backed into a post. I'm already mad enough at myself. You don't have to be, too. Your school lot doesn't have posts. I didn't say it did. We got froyo after school. I'm not asking for money o fix it or anything. I'll just pick up some extra babysitting hours this weekend. I have a couple chapters o finish before bed. Night. [door closes] Is this everything from your Internal Affairs surveillance? Detail was only on 'em a couple of days. [tense music] ♪ ♪ Where is this? It's Flatbush, I think. And this? It's Crown Heights. Are these times accurate? Is there a problem? Saperstein said he was with Tufo when he spotted your guy. If "with him" means three miles away. Exactly. You gonna love Philly, papi. City of Brotherly Love. Hermanos de amor. Si?  [chuckles] How about some music, man? - ♪ oh, baby ♪ 
♪ aah ♪ 
♪ mmm ♪ 
♪ this world ♪ 
♪ is going up in flames ♪ 
♪ and nobody ♪ 
♪ want to take the blame ♪ 
♪ don't tell me ♪ 
♪ how to live my life ♪ 
♪ when you ♪ 
♪ never felt the pain ♪ 
♪ oh, oh, oh ♪ 
♪ ooh ♪ 
♪ oh, oh, oh ♪ 
♪ come on babe ♪ 
♪ ooh ♪ 
♪ oh, oh, oh ♪ 
♪ they don't hear me cry ♪ 
♪ ooh ♪ 
♪ oh, oh, oh ♪ 
♪ they don't hear me try ♪ 
♪ ooh ♪ 
♪ oh, oh, oh ♪ 
♪ they don't hear me cry ♪ 
♪ for what I gonna do ♪ [scanner beeping] ♪ yeah, baby ♪ [sighs] You were right, Caddie. I am paranoid. I, uh, I thought maybe we could-- Well, maybe we could have some dinner. Get a little dinner. Hi. Wow, you look incredible. Hoping we could get something to eat. I was hoping maybe we could get something to eat. All right, what do you say we, you know, get, like, a little something o eat or something? Get a little something to eat. Get a little bite to eat. Bite to eat, bite. [knocking on door] Yeah, it's open. I'm glad you called. I could use a little fun onight. Yeah. Wow, you look incredible. ♪ ♪ 
♪ God, I need ♪ 
♪ a better world ♪ 
♪ oh, baby ♪ I was thinking maybe we could get something to eat. I made reservations. That sounds nice. But the $500 is for one hour. Anything more is the same rate. That all right? For the pleasure of your company, absolutely. Great. Then let's go eat. What's your name? Anything you want it to be. Let's try Harlee. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 