Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x10 - What Devil Do - Shades of Blue 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x10 - What Devil Do https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=541&t=25897 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/11/16 12:38 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x10 - What Devil Do 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously, on "Shades of Blue"... 
 Miguel was my boyfriend. He worked me like a speed bag. I never pressed charges. I framed him instead. Cristina is Miguel's daughter, isn't she? I had to keep him away from her. If you help me find another way to nail Wozniak, I won't pursue anything else. Miguel Zepeda is not your father. Someone made a complaint suggesting I'm no longer acting in the best interest of this case. Tell me this isn't about getting close to the guy who can keep your ex put away. Justice doesn't just happen. It's made. Told you, we're off Zepeda for now. If you don't cut a deal for Miguel Zepeda, this is going to land right back on your desk. You've been exonerated. You're free tonight. You're about to move a lot of illegal cash. I won't be there. You have to handle this one alone. We were supposed to have a face-to-face. I got paid to deliver a car. Who is he? I told you. I got paid to drive. I don't... The kid? That man's your responsibility now. He's off my boat. Done. We need this conversation, Harlee. Tomorrow, I want a face-to-face,  and every last detail  of this mess you pulled me into. I'm done being played. Nobody is trying to play you. I would never risk what we have. Not for anything, and you know that. You know how I feel about you. Don't do that. This has nothing to do with us. The whole thing is about us. It's about our future. I want to be with you, Matt. [rattling] Oh, what? I don't like being lied to. Do you? [sighs] I... It doesn't make sense. I mean, I know he loves Linda. [sighs] We are who we pretend to be. I agreed to take him down. I didn't agree to destroy his family. You're not doing any of this, Harlee. He's already done it to himself. Hey. You need to get in on this meeting that Wozniak's demanding. That kidnapped man's life is at stake now, not just yours. Hey. Where you been? Fresh air. In Brooklyn? I didn't say I found any. Come on. You're coming with me. No, I... I should visit our friend at the boat. No, Donnie's having that poor kidnapped b*st*rd moved. We've got some neighborhood protection. The laundromat on 12th street, they want us to give a homeless guy the boot. No, the last time that lady called the guy wasn't even homeless. Come on. She pays, we play. [suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ You're awfully quiet. What did Donnie say? Whatever he's been told to say. He's a puppet. That kidnapping victim wasn't just leverage for an armored car heist. That was a test. Donnie's new daddy wanted to see if we can get our hands dirty. Guess we passed. What now? Nothing until I know what this job is. I mean, it's got to be easy in, easy out, just like they promised. Or else we're not doing it. [shouting] Told you I couldn't confirm the target! How much does this lady pay us? Not enough to risk death by mop. Dispatch, requesting backup for a 10-50, possibly a mental, at 82412th Avenue. I said stand down, Private! All right, you stay left, I'll go right. How 'bout I go home? Sir? NYPD. I need you to put the mop down. Easy, Marine. Easy. Hand me that weapon, son. How'd it go down last night? Two men showed up at the marina around 7 p.m. Brought dinner. Sat with the kidnapped man on Wozniak's boat for most of the night. Same guys that dropped him off. The armored truck drivers. We identified the Caucasian suspect as Joaquin Foster. 4:00 a.m. they pulled him out, put him in the trunk, brought him here to this warehouse. Joaquin left a few minutes later. Nobody's been in or out since. You think this is going down soon? This heist? I don't think you kidnap somebody until you're ready to use 'em. Wozniak wants your help with the fluff 'n' fold killer. Thought the laundromat owner dropped the charges. She did... Woz put him in the cage to dry out. Came in this morning and he was crying like a baby. Thinks he hurt somebody. Ugh, I can't imagine being a soldier. No, he thinks he hurt somebody last night. Look, son, I can't help you if you won't talk to me. Why would you help me anyway? Because I'm a Marine too. And another time, another place, we would've had to rely on one another. You were beating on a washing machine, not a person. We spoke to the owner. She's dropping the charges. I know guys have trouble separating reality from... These aren't my shoes. I had on boots last night before I left. You remember changing them? I don't remember much of anything. I, um... I get violent when I black out. I've always been afraid that I'd hurt somebody and take something. See if anybody called in a missing pair of Florsheims and a mugging. [indistinct radio chatter] Looks like our Shoeless Joe is a shoeless John Doe. Damn it. Detective Cates. 34th Precinct. Dead guy here owns the building. Guy who runs the bodega, he called it in. His wallet's still on him. His car's still on the street. Tell you the truth, I seen bangers kill each other over some shoes, but old rich white guys? Yeah, that's a first. You've got my killer, Detectives? Has anyone seen Detective Santos? She's out catching bad guys. I'm serious. I need to speak with her. Well, she's chasing a lead. I can call her for you. I got to do this in person. She gets that a lot. You could also just wait. No, I can't. Matt Wozniak and his closeted gay lover from I.A.D. plan an armored car heist? Movie rights should be worth more than the haul. How did she get this information? Walked right in the middle of it, threw her wire in the trash. If you didn't have this on tape, I wouldn't believe it. Baker, I'm requesting a team for the takedown. You'll have the full resources of the bureau. I want Wozniak, his crew, Donnie Pomp, the armored car drivers, and whoever else they've partnered up with. Cash in hand. Course. Stahl, I didn't see this investigation going so far. Next time I swing for the fences, I'll be sure to point first. Here you go. Thanks, Steve. Looks like my lucky day. We'll fill out chain of custody. You guys got the arrest paperwork? There's no arrest. We let him dry out. Look, I know this looks bad, but it could've happened a lot of ways. The way I see it, it's a violent drunk, wearing a dead guy's shoes, who's all but confessing. Why would a blackout drunk move a body into a Dumpster? I don't know, same reason why he's wailing on somebody's washing machine. His knuckles aren't bruised and he has no visible blood on his shirt or his hands. You know, two blocks south from here, this would have been your problem, Detectives, but in landed in my precinct. Guess it's your lucky day too. I know, but you heard him. Not our jurisdiction. Doesn't mean we can't poke around. Marines don't leave men behind. I'm gonna take Tufo and Loman. I'll take that. Come on. I'll walk him out. The way I was acting last night, you could have done a lot worse to me. Probably should have. Thank you. You seem more and more sure that you killed that man. I've been to war. We're all capable of just about anything. Appreciate your help, Detective. [suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ [horn honking] ♪ ♪ [indistinct intercom announcements] ♪ ♪ This is the Brooklyn-bound F train. The next stop is... [line trilling] Saved message: It's Nava. Call me when you can. A deal got cut. I'm sorry, Harlee. Miguel's out. I'll catch up. Okay. Agent Stahl. I hope I'm not stepping on your feet again. Well, actually, I was hoping you could retrace your steps with Lieutenant Wozniak. I got the impression you were close to landing him for something. I can't officially say anything about the investigation because there is no investigation. Unofficially, they... they pulled your case? The Special Agent in Charge let me follow up on a hunch based on pattern behavior. Detective Saperstein was unable to back up that hunch before he took flight. That's a good story. Why tell it to me? [line trilling] Come on, baby. Pick up. Pick up. Pick up. Hey, what's with all the calls? What's with you not picking up? Uh, it's called school? They make you sit in class and learn without your phone? Well, you have permission now. I called the school. What? What's wrong? Look, I don't want to scare you. But the guy who thinks he's your father, Miguel Zepeda? He got out of jail. He escaped? No, I think they let him out. So he's innocent? Cristina, I just want you to promise me that if you see him, you'll let me know. I'm going to text you a picture. Mom, you're scaring me. No, I just... I just don't want him bothering you. Promise you'll tell me. Yeah. Okay. [bell rings] Drive straight home after school. I'll pop by and we'll talk more. [horn honking] [sighs] I love you, baby. Okay, love you too. Miguel. Hi. You're out. Yeah. Prosecution called my lawyer. They cut a deal. She thinks they uncovered something they didn't want people to hear in court. How'd you know? I saw you at the precinct. I thought you saw me too. I just figured you were staying at your mom's. Uh, I wanted to ask you... for permission to see Cristina. Then why didn't you? I saw that detective that put me away. Wozniak. How long have you two been working together? I don't. I mean, same precinct, but he's an ass. I keep my distance. So, um... About Cristina... Yeah, about that, um, Cristina saw some old evidence photos. What kind of evidence? The black and blue kind. Miguel, it's... it's been ten years. You told me that you changed, and I sense a difference in you. Find a place. Get a job. Work at being someone she can respect. Then we'll talk. Okay? Ten years, Harlee. What's a little while longer, huh? Thank you. I'll be in touch. The guy that you found in the Dumpster this morning. Did you know him? I see him. He buys coffee. I told this to the other police. We're just following up. Nothing else funky last night? There's a pervert club on the corner. I see funky every evening. We appreciate your time. Thank you. You don't want his security footage? No... we start confiscating footage, the other detectives are gonna get their panties in a bunch. If you don't mind me asking, why are we looking to clear this Marine anyway? Because half of him is still in the desert, and the other half deserves the benefit of the doubt. Spoke to everyone on the other side. Nobody saw anything. You talked to everyone on the other side? What about James Brown there? Do I have to? Yeah. He could have seen it. He's got eyes. Go ask him. Come on. Yes, sir. [laughter] "I'm sorry, he's out"? Are you serious? I leave more concerned messages when my neighbor's dog gets out. Harlee, this is my colleague, Andrea. Yeah, she know what a self-righteous son of a bitch you are? I'll go. Yeah. Yeah, you might want to go out backwards. He's good with a knife. I had nothing to do with this. No? Because last I heard, you felt bad because some ethics committee slapped your hand for screwing me. So you think I what? Let a murderer out of jail? The guy who beat the hell out of you? I recused myself, yes, in part to protect this case. If the defense got wind of our relationship, they could have used it to angle for his release. Maybe that's what happened. You're telling me you don't know? Yeah, that's what "recuse" means. A decision got made behind closed doors and I wasn't a part of it. [sighs] I want a restraining order. Nobody's gonna grant you a restraining order when he hasn't done anything. Miguel plays normal, but he's cruel and dangerous. He was spying on me within hours of his release. Whoa. You spoke to him? He wants to see Cristina. I told him that it was gonna take a minute so you'd have time to go to a judge. And I'm telling you a judge isn't gonna issue a restraining order because a man asked to see his daughter. Maybe I can help in some other way. So far you're 0-2. Hey. I heard you picked up a homicidal vet at a laundromat. I live down the block, the whole neighborhood was talking... The whole neighborhood's a pain in the ass, thanks to you. Well, protection money's protection money. I thought I was doing you a favor. This vet: what are Detectives Cates and Broyhill doing with him? They want him for a murder that happened a few blocks over. He was wearing the dead man's shoes. Is that what you're here to find out? No. I got another visit from Special Agent Stahl. You know, the Fed who warned me off your crew. He wanted to pass the baton. Now, he wants you for Saperstein's murder, but that ain't federal. This is good news. They're pulling up stakes, Woz. Saperstein was the only leak. Rest of my crew is clean. And it also means we're free and clear to do the job. I haven't committed to that. I'm not even sure what this job is. You will be. I got you your face-to-face. For real this time. 2:00. You get all the details. Buckle up. You're about to be rich. [eating loudly] What? Said he saw the murder. We had a deal, Moses. And right now, you're eating my end of it. Yo, I think we just got bamboozled. Moses get a burger! Moses gets a burger! Moses doesn't get dick until Moses tells me what he saw last night. Who... killed... the old man? It were the devil! And this helps us somehow? Moses, tell her the rest of the story. About Father Time and the Dumpster. Devil grab up Father Time, shake him real good. Father Time, he... he... he... he call out, "Help a body! Help!" Devil take a whackin' stick, and crack Father Time upside the head. Down he goes. Devil pick him up. Put him in a trash bucket. I don't suppose you saw what the devil did with the whacking stick? Moses didn't see that. Did the devil take Father Time's shoes? Moses didn't see that, either. Did Moses see where the devil went? Can I talk to you? I have something important to tell you. Devil always scare Moses. You seen the devil before? Moses get a burger? Moses get a whacking stick. Yes, you'll get a burger. Come on. Moses, where did you see the devil? City bus. B-1-2. Every day. Waitin'. Watchin'. Waiting and watching for what? For what devil do. Lure you in. And steal a body's soul. Couldn't leave well enough alone, could you? I'm gonna need some context. Well, contextualize this: Miguel Zepeda was released after prosecution, unsolicited, offered him a deal. I don't know anything about that. Don't you ever lie to me. You and I are the only ones with enough information damning enough to make something like that happen. I'm not comfortable playing fast and loose with an innocent man's life. Damn it, Molly. [sighs] I had every intention of exposing what Wozniak had done to Miguel, after we make the bust. If your tip had led to him being dragged to some habeas hearing, you know how... I made sure it didn't, so the outcome is the same. No. It's not. This outcome means I can't trust you. What we have here is a case, not a foregone conclusion. And you did what? Made some veiled threat to the D.A.'s office? You don't get to play judge and jury. That man spent a decade in prison for a crime he didn't commit. Now, he's out where he belongs, and don't think it isn't lost on me that you suddenly backed off pursuing him after a long chat with our asset. [tense music] ♪ ♪ 
 
 You're back on duty. Continue the stakeout. Let me know if that kidnapped man moves. [sighs] Nava doesn't know what the prosecution has? Maybe it's just about our relationship. We dodged a bullet. If they're making a deal, they want the rumor to die. Miguel on the streets is not dodging a bullet. You know what I'm saying. His attorney already has him wondering if the prosecution uncovered corruption. He was asking if you and I work together. If he figures out that we framed him... Then we'll figure out something first. Like what? [snorts] His case is already suspicious. We can't risk going after him. Not with the Feds. Nah, I think that might be behind us. Saperstein's handler approached Donnie. He wants him to pursue us because the FBI case got killed. Does that mean we're moving forward with Donnie? I don't know. We were just supposed to move some fat cat's cash. Tax evasion, not explosives. And a kidnapped guy? No! No. Eh, big enough chunk of change, I could pay Miguel to go away. Yeah, that's what I was thinking. That kind of payday could make such a big difference for all of us. Well, it still could. No Miguel, no Feds. We could just start over. Yeah, maybe. Uh, so put Tess and Espada on the bus with Moses. You're kidding, right? Woz, that guy is bats. It's the only lead we have to help my Marine. Just humor him. Okay? I want this devil. [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ You told them, didn't you? About my affair with Nava? That Miguel was innocent? I keep my promises, Harlee. So your partner, then? She is scared of her own shadow. She wouldn't do that. She doesn't have enough information to make something like that happen. So the prosecution just let him out? Last we argued, your boyfriend played for that team. We've argued since then, and he's not my boyfriend. He didn't do this. Well, whoever did it, the point is, it's done, and it wasn't done by me. I can't assign an agent to him, Harlee, but I could check up on him now and then. Thanks. What's the status on this face-to-face Wozniak asked Donnie for? This, uh... the shot-caller. He hasn't had it yet. But I pushed him to stay in when it does. I should get back to the precinct in case it happens. Wear the wire. Call me if you think we need to be listening. I can't. I threw it in the trash so we could overhear Donnie last night. Look, if I go to your place later, can you get a new one? My place? Wherever. This makes me nervous. Okay. My place is fine. If the meet happens before that, you have to call me. [cell phone ringing] Yeah. You alone? Yeah, why? I'm texting you an address. Call me when you get there. And Harlee, make sure that nobody follows you. [suspenseful music] I'll be there. ♪ ♪ Hey. Hey! How you gonna spot this devil if you don't look up from your food? Got to go to get to! Yeah, Espada. Got to go to get to. Hmm. Boss's wild goose chase express. [squeals] Devil! Devil! Hey, police! Police, stop the bus! Moses, what am I looking at? Devil! Devil! Son of a bitch. It really is the devil. What do you got? Sexy devil's name is Royce, and he ain't just a model. Whoa! Yeah. Owns the Kink Club and the building it's in. A block away from where our body was found. Dead guys owns the building next door. Club had a slew of noise violation complaints, all initiated by the old guy in the Dumpster. And maybe Royce had enough, confrontation got physical, ended up in the trash. Where your drunk vet finds him, pilfers his penny loafers. All right, well that's enough to pick him up. We got to hand this over, right? The detectives in charge? No. Dead guy is on their side of the street. s*x club is on ours. Their murder, my perp. Find out when he'll be there and pick him up. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Nobody see you? Nobody who's interested. Horse stables? Really? Spare me the "What the hell." She's here, and she knows we've been discussing a job. Then we're not discussing anything anymore. This is done. Maybe, if you were in charge, but you're not. You know, if I were you, I'd be very careful, Matt. Feed a monster, better hope he doesn't get bigger than you. Ah. You, I recognize. [horse grunts] Joaquin. Just a delivery boy, huh? You, I don't recognize. Linklater. Harlee Santos. She wasn't supposed to be here. I can understand your disappointment. Donnie does a bang-up job of leaving information on the table. I apologize for that. Donnie's father and I grew up together. Joaquin here is Donnie's nephew, so I guess you could say that this is a bit of a family venture. Why we had to test your loyalty, brother. You talk again, you're gonna swallow your teeth. Joaquin. Lieutenant, I'm risk averse. You can appreciate that. To make this job happen, I wanted police, 'cause nobody's gonna stop you and check your vehicle. And if things, God forbid, go south, you can claim you're part of the hunt instead of the hunted. Donnie told me we were moving some jerk-off's money, not heisting an armored car. Well, it's not a total lie. I don't know about the "jerk-off" part, but it is my money. In a manner of speaking. It belongs to the DEA. And I'm a DEA agent. That's why I couldn't tell you who he was. And why I would prefer that if we do move forward on this, that the rest of your crew stay in the dark on that subject. You want us to steal money that belongs to the U.S. Government? Cash that's just gonna be sitting in a bank until it's trotted out as evidence. And after that, it's budget excess. Despite how it sounds, this job is everything you were promised. It's simple and safe. I wouldn't describe a bag full of plastic explosives as "safe." The explosives are a prop. We're creating a narrative here. Armored guards just don't step out of their vehicles. So, Joaquin is gonna tell 'em that you threatened to detonate. Yeah, we were told the explosives were for a diversion. Either way, the explosives are gone. Well, we're gonna have to get you some more. The DEA makes busts. Confiscates drugs and cash. The cash is held in field office safes. When the safe gets filled up, the field office schedules an armored car pickup. Tomorrow, we're gonna leverage the kidnapped man's wife into scheduling a pickup, but with our drivers. Joaquin and his partner pick up the money, your vans box 'em in in a discreet location in your precinct. We only have one van. I'm working on getting another one. You split the cash between the two vans. That way, one van gets caught? We still get a payoff. Yeah. One gets caught, my crew gets screwed. Then don't get caught. You load up the vans, and before you leave, you give Joaquin and his partner some bruises so they have a story to tell. Well, that's probably the best part of your plan so far. What happens to the kidnapped guy once his wife sends Joaquin to the DEA pickup? Well, the kidnapped guy goes home. Too scared to talk. We got to him once, he knows we can do it again. Woz, the DEA took down a Haitian stash house last week. The kitty's up to $12 million. $12 million? What's our take? $1 million. You divide it amongst your crew however you see fit. Hey, not bad for an hour's work. What are you, joking? You got Tweedle-moron over here stopping a truck, you two are waiting on the sidelines, and my crew is taking all the risk. For 8 1/2%? What do you propose? $3 million. Equal shares. Lieutenant, I don't think you appreciate how involved... I don't think you understand. We might just pull traffic duty tomorrow. Could pull anyone over. Matt. Equal shares it is. [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ Hey. You're home early. Ugh. I got to go back. How was your day? Well, I wasn't abducted by a convict who thinks he's my father. So there's that. I heard he was getting out, and I panicked. I mean, what's he really gonna do? He might be wrong about being my dad, but his letter was basically nice. I just want to protect you. You know, from the unexpected. Wow, sometimes the helicopter flies a little low. Look, I promise to give you some real space and treat you like an adult, but until I sort things out with Miguel, I need you to promise me that when you're home, the door stays locked. When you're on school property, you stay at school. And if you see him, you call me. Just until you sort things out? Fine. [Blues music plays on jukebox] ♪ ♪ Look, I know what you're thinking. We've already thought it. We're still thinking it. "This isn't what we do." I'm thinking you're nuts. An armored car? After what just happened to Saperstein? With the Feds on us? I told you. We got word that investigation died with Sap. It's basically security. It's not someone's retirement. It's drug money. We're out fighting drug war every day. Why not profit? $600,000. $600,000 for a handful of hours. Slightly worse broken out over 10 to 25 years. In prison. Look, we'll take a vote. If it's not unanimous, then we don't do it. Honest. I'm in. Okay. Yeah. Espada? Yeah, if everybody else is in. Sure. Why not? [tense music] ♪ ♪ Looks like we're doing this. All right. [sighs] Looks like we're almost back to normal. ♪ ♪ ...in custody. I appreciate the update. [phone ringing] Hello. Vote's done. We're in. And what about van number two? Tomorrow morning. Parking garage on 14th. Key's on the back tire. Everything else you need is on the inside. Hey, I heard your veteran's gonna cop to the murder of that landlord. Not if I can help it. Did I mention he was landlord? You must have. Something new turn up? [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ [buzzer blares] Who is it? Hello? [sighs] [buzzer blares] Somebody there? [eerie music] ♪ ♪ [buzzer blares] Is this some kind of a jo... [knocking on door] Cristina? Is that you? Who are you? I hoped I'd be looking at your face when I said this. I'm your father. I don't know if your mother told you this, but the courts realized that I didn't do what they said I did. So they let me go. I know I shouldn't be here. I know that, but I just couldn't wait to meet you. I'm not supposed to talk to you. Cristina, I'm not a bad guy. I'm not. Look, I'm calling my mom. Wait. Please. Don't. I don't want her to get mad and I don't want her to worry. I'm leaving now. Okay? I'm leaving. You're not my father. Who told you that? My mom. When I found those letters last week. [sighs] Baby... [suspenseful music] I'm sorry if I scared you. ♪ ♪ Bye now. ♪ ♪ [hip-hop music] Once we bag this devil, wonder how long it takes to get Woz's Marine released. I wonder why the floor's sticky. ♪ ♪ El diablo Rico Suave? Randy Royce? He owns the club. Back office. Might want to knock. ♪ ♪ It's like her legs just floated up there too. Like a pelvic sprint. I like that. Yo, focus. We working, man. Got a chain too, man. Unbelievable. Little chastity belt. [knocking on door] Randy Royce! NYPD! Need to ask you a few questions. Let's just do this. I'm getting the clap just standing here. ♪ ♪ Looks like someone killed our killer. It's going down tomorrow. Wozniak met the other party. Crew voted. Wait a minute, the face-to-face has already happened? We've talked about this, Harlee. You have got to call me. Wozniak sprung it on me. I'm sorry. Well, who is it? Who's... who's the third party? I don't know. Don't do this, Harlee. He didn't give a name, but he's somebody important and we were right about everything. My crew fakes a robbery with two vans, and then we drop the cash to Donnie and this guy who's calling the shots. Where's the drop? I'll know tomorrow. Stahl. It's $12 million. [clears throat] I'm giving you everything, but I need you to do something for me too. Amnesty for the rest of my crew. Harlee, that was never on the table. You could have picked up any one of us. The deal's done. Then undo it. You keep telling me that you're the good guy. Prove it to me. Harlee... [sighs] This is more than you imagined. I can see that. I should get more too. Please. I need this to end in a way where I can live with myself. Make that happen. [suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ Give me a minute. Wait here. Yeah, this is Stahl. [door closes] Get me Baker. Uh, yeah. Hey. Look, Harlee's only willing to betray Wozniak. She wants... well, she wants immunity for the rest of her crew. What's it gonna take to make that happen? [buzzer blares] Hello? Uh, Cristina. Uh, please listen. I couldn't walk away, not after what you said to me. It's not true, baby. I'm gonna call your mother right now  and we're gonna clear this up, okay? [dialing phone] [phone ringing] Hello? Harlee. It's Miguel. How did you get my number? Listen. Earlier today, you said that it was gonna take some time  before you could convince Cristina to see me. Nothing's changed, Miguel. That ain't right. I'm her father. And she's a fragile little girl. [breath hitching] Just give her some time. She'll come around. I swear. Trust me. [sniffles] Yeah. Okay. Thank you. Did you hear that? Your mother lied to you. I didn't really need to make that phone call. You have my eyes, baby. Even with the door chained up, I could see that. [cell phone ringing] [sniffles] Hi, Mom. Hey, are you okay, baby? Yeah, yeah. I'm just... I'm just practicing. Why? Oh, I ran my errand. I was gonna pick up some pizza. Any requests? Um, no. Michaela's here. Her mom's gonna take us to dinner, if that's okay. Sure. Thanks for telling me. Have fun, honey. I will. Well, Baker, uh, took some convincing, but she's gonna talk to the U.S. Attorney. Can I offer you a drink? [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ So what's the truth? ♪ ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 