Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x07 - Undiscovered Country - Shades of Blue 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x07 - Undiscovered Country https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=541&t=25279 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/19/16 10:56 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x07 - Undiscovered Country 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Shades of Blue"...  
 You got a lead on our rat? 
 I found it. 
 Woz's convinced that Saperstein's the mole. 
 Don't move. FBI. 
 I know you got picked up by the Feds. 
 I told him to sit tight and call me. 
 I'm looking at explosive. 
 You said the van was empty. 
 I was trying to ditch my gun, all right? 
 What is wrong with your gun? 
 Want to trade with me or something? 
 The abusive ex-boyfriend we framed for murder  calls you for a visit. 
 I'm innocent. I need you to find somebody. 
 He made parole a few months ago. 
 You've been talking to the Feds. 
 I had no choice. 
 Neither do I. 
 Sap shot him, and they fell. 
 Sap! 
 No! 
 He's still breathing! 
 [suspenseful music] 
 [sirens approaching] 
 He took a breath. I swear I saw him breathing. 
 Did he stop? 
 Just now. 
 Does he have a pulse? 
 Barely. 
 Just be careful with his neck. 
 We have to help him breathe. 
 No compressions with a pulse, right? 
 Yeah. I don't know. I don't remember. 
 What happened? 
 That son of a bitch push him off? 
 Sap shot him, and they fell. 
 No pulse. 
 Start compressions. 
 [sirens wailing] 
 Come on! 
 Come on! Come on, let's go! 
 Took a four-story fall. They just stared CPR. 
 Come on! 
 Officer, step back. I have it. 
 Officer, step back. Step back! 
 No! 
 Other injuries? 
 Unknown. 
 [sirens wailing] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Officer in critical condition. 
 Frank! What did you do? 
 What is wrong with you? 
 No sign of a collapsed lung. He's got faint breaths. 
 Pupils reactive but sluggish. 
 BP 87 over 45, pulse 53. 
 [indistinct chatter over police radio] 
 Get him ready for transport! 
 On two. Watch my line. 
 One, two. 
 Give me vitals! 
 Getting bradycardic. Pushing atropine. 
 Pulse down to 42, checking BP. 
 Harlee, Harlee, I need you here! 
 We have housekeeping. 
 I'm going with him! 
 Harlee! 
 No! 
 [engine turning over] 
 Doors closing. 
 [siren wailing] 
 [sobbing] 
 Frank pulled a gun. 
 He made the wrong choice, and now he's dead. 
 Now, I need you to be smart, hmm? 
 When they talk to you, you're gonna say that you knew Frank was gonna kidnap is son, and you called us, the 64th precinct, not 911. 
 Do you understand? 
 Tell me you understand. 
 No, tell me you understand. 
 I understand. 
 You called the precinct. 
 I called the precinct. 
 The 64th. 
 The 64th. 
 Frank threw my friend off this building. 
 Don't cry for him. 
 [breathing heavily] 
 Robert. 
 I had Lewis monitor police chatter. 
 Two men fell off the fourth floor of a construction site on Iverson. 
 Lieutenant Wozniak called it in. 
 A parolee named Frank Kovach and Detective Saperstein. 
 Is Saperstein alive? 
 Two units O-neg now, type and cross for four more. 
 Platelets and FFP will be in the OR. 
 Sap, you need to listen to me, all right? 
 We're a team. 
 You're not going anywhere today, you hear me? 
 Unless you moonlight as a trauma surgeon, you'll have to wait here. 
 Look, I'm sorry. This is all my fault. 
 I set it all in motion. 
 I tried to warn you. 
 Moving! 
 I'm sorry! 
 Did you do it? 
 Harlee... 
 Did you? 
 I told you. 
 Kovach got the jump on him. 
 They fought. Sap shot him. They both went over. 
 No, you're lying. 
 Calm down, please. 
 You were ready to kill me three days ago. 
 And I would have killed him today, but I didn't! 
 No, instead you let Kovach do it. 
 Harlee, he's my friend, too, and a cop. 
 You don't think I tried to save him? 
 I was a step behind, but I had to get the kid. 
 I'm sick over this. 
 This is senseless and infuriating, but it also may be a blessing in disguise. 
 [cries] 
 [indistinct chatter over hospital PA] 
 [inhales deeply] 
 [exhales deeply] 
 Personal items from Saperstein. 
 [gagging] 
 [vomits] 
 The hell she's not. 
 If Sap was working with the FBI, why the heroics? 
 Why get himself pulled off a building trying to save Wozniak and some kid? 
 Second thoughts, cold feet, maybe his conscience got the better of him? 
 That explains the federal warrant. 
 They had to arrest him before he could come clean to us. 
 Hold up. You buying into this crap? 
 If you had a family to protect, you'd understand, okay? 
 If you understood family, you wouldn't doubt, Tess. 
 All right, stop, all right? 
 I'm skeptical too, but Tess is right. 
 We got to take all possibilities into account. 
 Damn, Espada. 
 Is there anything you won't say to get into that woman's pants? 
 You know, I wasn't the one that was standing around with my stick in my hand while Sap fell four stories. 
 Whoa, whoa, whoa. 
 Don't push me, man! 
 Guys, come on! 
 Come on! 
 Hey, stop it! 
 Stop it! 
 What are you doing? 
 Sap is in there fighting for his life! 
 Look, whatever outside threats there are, whatever we're facing, this crew is not gonna destroy itself from the inside out! 
 Harlee's right. 
 We're not doing this and certainly not here. 
 Be smart. 
 No conclusions until Saperstein wakes up and speaks for himself. 
 Until then, we keep our heads down, and if the FBI is sniffing around, then we don't give them anything to use. 
 And no extracurriculars until I say we're back. 
 Now just go home and cool down. 
 Woz, there's no... 
 Ah, ah, come on. 
 I get it, I get it. I get it. 
 Just go home. Come on. 
 It's all right. Go home. 
 You too. 
 There's nothing that we can do. 
 The nurse said he's gonna be in surgery for four hours, then he's gonna be sedated in the ICU for who knows how long. 
 Did you mean it? 
 What you just said... about letting Sap speak for himself when he wakes up? 
 To us, not the FBI. 
 [gunshots, bullet casings clattering] 
 I authorized you to pick up Detective Saperstein, not drop him. 
 We both know who dropped him. 
 This is your chance to convince me you have a plan. 
 We reinforce what Wozniak already believes... that he found his mole. 
 You assured me that Wozniak had no way of verifying that we had an informant. 
 He didn't. 
 He was acting out of anger and impulse, but if he believes his crew is safe again, he might pick up where he left off. 
 You're betting he'll walk us into something bigger? 
 The odds of that increase if you walk into that precinct as livid as you'd be if your asset just fell off that building. 
 Put a guard on Saperstein's hospital room. 
 I need immunity papers for Saperstein. 
 I need them backdated. 
 Two men fell off that building. 
 I want to know who Frank Kovach was and how Wozniak ended up alone with him during a manhunt. 
 Looks like you were right. 
 This could go way beyond police payoffs. 
 [gunshots, bullet casings clattering] 
 Who is it? 
 NYPD. 
 [sighs] 
 Your friend is not here. 
 When he was here, why did he come to you, and how often? 
 You should ask him. 
 He's busy, and I need an answer. 
 [scoffs] I was teaching him Portuguese. 
 Why, do you need a lesson? 
 Portuguese? 
 You come up with that cover story, or did he? 
 All right. 
 What is this? 
 When you play prostitute, you got to do your research. 
 Hos prefer cash. 
 I need you to show me what a good whore you are. 
 Get out. 
 No, listen, sweetheart. 
 You're either gonna hit it hard and convince me you're a pro, or we can go down to FBI HQ, and you can show me your cubicle. 
 FBI? You think I'm a spy? 
 Contact, spy, handler, whatever. 
 Did you shake your ass just enough to get his attention? 
 Huh? 
 Flirt with him just enough so he didn't see the situation straight? 
 He called you his good friend. 
 Did he see you straight? 
 No. 
 I... I... I'm not that good. 
 [whimpers] 
 You think that scares me? 
 I'm... I'm sorry. 
 I needed to know. 
 FBI wouldn't have to choose between bruises and rent. 
 Sorry. 
 Now you need to tell me. 
 Keep the money. 
 What is going on? 
 Doubters had me second-guessing. 
 Where is David? 
 [subway car screeches] 
 What happened at that construction site, Harlee? 
 Protective custody. 
 Is that what you guys call it? 
 Usually the person in custody doesn't run from the protection. 
 You can find me on my subway car in the middle of the night, but securing one police officer... 
 I did what you asked me to do. 
 Saperstein chose to rely on Wozniak's mercy. 
 So you tip the scales? 
 Issue a federal warrant? 
 I needed to apprehend Saperstein before he got to Wozniak. 
 Yes, you did. 
 What happened at the construction site? 
 Frank Kovach, the DOA... 
 I thought his home address looked familiar. 
 It's where you sent me to pick up Saperstein. 
 Kovach was a parolee who threatened his ex-wife. 
 Sap and I just rolled up on a wellness check, doing our jobs. 
 For the city or for Wozniak? 
 Look, I saw Saperstein and Kovach struggling on that building. 
 The went over together. 
 It wasn't Wozniak. 
 And if and when Saperstein comes out of surgery, he's gonna say the same thing? 
 So what's the verdict? 
 I'll be out to speak to the family in a minute. 
 Well, his mother's on her way. I... I'm responsible for him. 
 He's in my unit. 
 I'm a cop. 
 He sustained multiple injuries. 
 He lost a lot of blood. 
 If he manages to survive the internal injuries, he still has to overcome a significant brain contusion. 
 We have him in a medically induced coma. 
 We won't be able to assess his neurological function until the swelling subsides. 
 If he survives, will he remember the accident? 
 I need him to ID a suspect. 
 All head injuries are different. 
 If he regains consciousness, he could remember everything perfectly with time, or he may never learn to say his own name again. 
 [pager vibrates] 
 But your friend is young, which is in his favor. 
 Can I talk to him? 
 Until the charge nurse finds you. 
 I'd just make it quick. 
 [monitor beeping] 
 Sap... 
 Why couldn't you have just come to me? 
 You know I would have protected you. 
 [ventilator hisses] 
 You're my brother... my son. 
 I loved you. 
 [ominous music] 
 ♪ ♪ So now I need you to help me. I need you to give in, Sap. Let go. Let go, so I don't have to kill you twice. [monitor beeping rapidly] Sir, please step aside. Code blue in four. Sir, I need you to step away from the bed. Will you please just wait outside? Vitals? Blood pressure 89 over 62. Slight ST elevation. Sir, out now. An inverted T wave. He's having a pulmonary embolism. Pressure's down to 80 over. Give LR IV bolus of 500cc. Sats at 93%. BP 100 over 60. All right, good breath sounds bilaterally. Push the FiO2 to 100. Titrate the Dobutamine and MAP greater than 75. [monitor beeping] Good work, people. [ventilator hissing] [MS MR's "All The Things Lost"] ♪ No matter how sweet the salt ♪ 
♪ ♪ [door opens] ♪ We pushed so hard, we finally broke ♪ Mom, what's wrong? No school today, baby. I need you to get dressed. ♪ ♪ You missed the doc. He just briefed her. Anything new? [sighs] Sap's stable for now, but with all the internal injuries, they won't give him any blood thinners to prevent another embolism. A four-story fall and a blood clot might get him? He told her the heart doesn't do well with debris in the bloodstream. Clots, air bubbles... it's all lethal. She never said a word, man. All right, why don't you get back? David stopped going to Temple. Did you know that? No, he never mentioned that. Five years ago, after he joined your team. I don't think that had anything to do with it. I think it did. He found his purpose, a way to help people... family... a role model he respected. He's a good man... good cop. I... I got to get back to the precinct. I had a bad feeling as soon as I saw those people he was with. He said they were his friends, but I know his friends, and I know my boy. Can you describe them? Okay. What time did Detective Santos sign out? All right, thank you. Let me guess... Kovach's ex-wife and son spun the same story as his girlfriend. So well rehearsed, I thought they might break into song. Wozniak wields and sustains power through two primal motivators... fear and gratitude. The girlfriend's scared out of her mind. The ex-wife gets her son back in one piece. We could counter both with fear of federal indictment... lying to an FBI agent. Credit card records are more immediate. Ex-wife's or fiancée's? Harlee's. She bought a bus ticket early yesterday morning and a return ticket two hours later... the Q100. Rikers Island? Not exactly on her way. According to prison records, the last thing Detective Santos did before knocking on Frank Kovach's door was visit an inmate named Miguel Zepeda. I'll pull his case file. You think she was acting on Wozniak's orders? I think it's worth an introduction. 
 
 Ma'am, can I see your identification? NYPD, all right? I'm looking for Detective Saperstein's doctor. FBI. I've been assigned to his security. Look for a white coat. Christina? I'm James Nava, a friend of your mom's. You sure about that? [Chuckles] You know something I don't? It's just... most of her friends don't tuck in their shirts. [chuckles] He had my gun when he fell. Saperstein suggested that we trade to help me get rid of it, get over the shooting. Well, I hope it helped. Not exactly. Ballistics is reporting that my gun was used to kill Frank Kovach. That's two shootings in ten days. Now the captain is calling me to explain it. This is an easy one, Loman. Just tell the truth. All of it? The "Saperstein's a good partner" part. Not the "Kovach's girlfriend cover-up" part? I was with Espada when we went to see her. She couldn't have called it in, Harlee. She didn't know that he was on the run until we told her. For once, I'd like the truth. I don't know, Loman. Say whatever you want. I don't care. Harlee. Loman, wait. Loman, wait. We had intel. We acted on it. We saved a little boy because of it... a decision that just might cost Saperstein his life. But if he were standing here, able to talk for himself, he'd tell you that we made the right call. And I think you know that's the truth. I'm sorry about your man. I am. Thank you. But I'm trying to understand the sequence of events here. It's pretty simple. His girlfriend tipped us off that Kovach might try to kidnap his son, so we acted. Matt, you had half the city looking for him. Why didn't you call it in? Because the son of a bitch had a gun on his own kid. I had four officers on site... two in the building, two on the ground. Then how was Saperstein left to fight him alone? Saperstein made a split-second decision. He charged the suspect to free up the kid, and I grabbed the kid to safety. A man's instincts say a lot about the man, sir. Despite his best efforts to conceal them. I'm sorry, sir. I tried to announce her. Can you give me a minute? We have a bit of a crisis here. An officer's fighting for his life. An officer the Bureau had under investigation. Why don't you have a seat, Gail? [siren wailing in the distance] You two seem familiar. She used to play in our sandbox. Former NYPD turned Fed. Bigger castles, same grit in your shoes. You here to tell us why you had a warrant on my guy? Let's keep it civil, Lieutenant. I can be civil. I just want to know why Special Agent Baker here would ruin a man's career by putting his name on an FBI letterhead. We had reason to believe that Detective Saperstein's life was in danger. Did you think that up on the way over here? Hey. Perfect time to have an alpha male measuring contest with a Fed... really nice work. Did you ever see the FBI brass show up at a department hearing? They lost an asset. Which means we move forward. I'll make the call. Congratulations, Woz. You almost got your rat. [monitor beeping, ventilator hissing] He looks peaceful. Don't let him fool you. He's fighting a war inside. My brave boy. He'll win. Who's she? Her name's Sofia. She and David are friends. Doesn't look like someone David would be friends with. I thought you might want some company. She... she's a nice girl. My son is company enough. I'll wait outside. Mrs. Sap, David and I were working on a case, and I could really, really use his notes. I think they're at the house. You mind if I just let myself in? [scoffs] Of course not. [door buzzes] Thank you for joining us, Mr. Zepeda. My schedule opened up. I'm Special Agent Stahl. This is Agent Chen. We're with the FBI. [laughs] Your case file says you've got a big day coming up... habeas corpus appeal. Screwed by your own lawyer, huh? I been screwed by a lot of people. What's your relationship with Harlee Santos? Who says I got one? She visited you yesterday. Oh, yeah. Conjugal. I guess she can't get out there what I can give her in here. Hope you're able to hide that crush better when she's around. We're trying to help, Mr. Zepeda. How do you know Harlee Santos? Harlee's just a girl from the neighborhood. A couple friends asked her to help me get a little piece of justice. Is that piece named Frank Kovach? I don't remember. Stop me when you start remembering. You get sent up for a murder you say you didn't commit. You get a second chance to plead your case. Harlee visits you then goes after Kovach. Anything coming back to you? Wow. That's a lovely story. You should think about writing it down. Do you believe Frank Kovach was involved in the murder of Rita Martin? Ephesians 6:12! "For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities"... The woman that you are convicted of murdering. "Against the rulers of the darkness in this world, Against spiritual wickedness in high places." How's the view from the high places, Agent Stahl? You really think stonewalling us is in your best interest right now? Go screw yourself. Thank you for your time, inmate. Good luck with that appeal. Good luck with your crush. Miguel, you know that story you liked so much? It ends with you serving your life sentence. Frank Kovach is dead. And I sure hope you weren't counting on him as part of your defense. [knock at door, door buzzes] I'll update you when we have more. You came to check on me? Not for long, I'm late for a deposition. Anything positive? This guy I like came to the hospital and sat with my daughter. Sounds like he's smitten with you. He'll be disillusioned soon. Too late. He's already fallen. Careful. Never fall for someone if you don't know who they are. I got a pretty good sense. Of the part I let you see. I'm not a good person. You should stay away from me. That's grief talking. It should have been me on that construction site. A lot of people are glad it wasn't. Give them time. You and Rita Martin were arrested together in the early 2000s several times. It's not exactly a phase of my life I'm eager to revisit. Could you tuck in that corner? What was your relationship with Rita? Squatted together... same tenement in Bushwick. Were you friends? You could say that. And then she was killed. Yeah. Were you with her? No. I heard about it the next day. [cell phone beeps] My... my friend Rita, she's bleeding. I think she's been stabbed. 911, what is your location? Brownsville, 38... no, 98th and Lott. [crying] Oh, God, she's dead. Oh, she's dead. Turn it off. Oh, my God, I can't believe...  This recording wasn't in the trial transcripts. We had to dig it out of the original case file. No one tried to find this caller. You found her. You were her friend. Why didn't you come forward and follow up? Look, like I said, I was on the street. Did a Detective Wozniak talk to you about Rita's murder? Nobody talked to me. You sure about that? Hey, you ever seen this guy before? I don't know who that is. This man... Believe me, if I could help find Rita's killer, I would. She recognized him. Kovach? She witnessed that murder. She's been coached to say she hasn't. Know anybody else who likes their witnesses rehearsed? Wozniak's hiding something. ♪ Took me for granted ♪ 
♪ But call it love if you will ♪ 
♪ I'm aware of this ♪ 
♪ I did let you in ♪ 
♪ Hard time forgiving ♪ 
♪ Even harder forgetting♪ 
♪ Before you do something ♪ 
♪ You might regret ♪ 
♪ Hard time forgiving ♪ 
♪ Even harder forgetting♪ 
♪ Before you do something ♪ 
♪ You might regret ♪ 
♪ Hard time forgiving ♪ 
♪ Even harder forgetting♪ 
♪ Before you do something ♪ 
♪ You might regret ♪ Hey, there you are. Where's Christina? Oh, I sent her home. She had practice, and, uh, I thought it would be better if she would be around some friends. The doctor kept saying "uncertain." That's all I could hear. Everything's uncertain. Not everything. You have to go, Harlee, to Rikers, now. Kovach's name is being released. He's gonna be all over the news. If Miguel ever gets out, he can't know that you tried to throw a wrench into his appeal. He won't believe me. It's too big a lie. He'll see it. You want to convince somebody you're telling the truth... convince yourself first. Is that what you did last night? Woz? Is that what you did with me? What happened on that building? I asked Saperstein... if he was talking to the Feds... and he said he didn't have a choice. And I thought of you. I thought of Christina... and how she's gonna make us all so proud. And I thought of Linda and everything that I've put her through already. Turns out I didn't have a choice either, Harlee. He can never wake up. He's got a story that the FBI's gonna want to hear. I did what I had to do. Kovach too? Kovach is Miguel's ticket out of prison. Miguel can't get out of prison. You know that. We're never really free of our sins, are we? No. We can make them count. There's an FBI agent outside of Saperstein's room. I need you to distract him. No. Harlee, we can't undo what's already been done. No! Harlee, we need to move forward. He might not remember, okay? They don't even know how much brain damage he has. He might not even wake up! I can't take that chance. You have to. We both do, okay? This is not what we do. It never has been, and it can't be now. We do what we have to to survive, Harlee. You won't survive... not this. Look, I know that you want to be strong for all of us. You want to protect us, protect me. But don't destroy yourself doing it! It's too late for that. No, it's not. Look... I forgive you, okay? I... I understand. [voice breaking] But please, please... I'm begging you. Promise me. Promise me... that you won't hurt him again. Promise me. [sobbing] Okay. [Sniffles] Okay. I'm with you. For better or worse... leave it in God's hands. [door buzzes] No sign of you for ten years. Now two visits in two days. I found that parolee... Kovach. That's great. Why don't you pull the car around and take me home? He's dead. Well, that's disappointing, isn't it? Who ended him? The police. It was a hostage situation. He kidnapped his son. When? Yesterday. Hell of a coincidence he goes boosting his kid the same day you go looking for him. Wasn't a coincidence at all, you know. I spooked him. He took off, and there was a manhunt. So what you're saying is, I trusted the wrong person. I was trying to help. Like you helped me back in the day? Kovach isn't the only one who went off that building. A cop, good friend of mine, died too. You think I wanted that? Look, I... I'll go talk to his parole officer. Get a list of cellmates. Maybe they said something we can use. Look, I'll do whatever I can. No touching. Why? Even if you didn't set me up, I hurt you. I hurt you a lot. I was angry... for a long time. Everybody deserves a second chance. And I hope to meet new Miguel someday... on the outside. [telephone ringing] Saperstein wasn't dumb. You're not gonna find anything in an outbox. The only thing I can prove so far is that he was boring. He got hurt trying to protect a kid. Maybe we give him the benefit of the doubt. I thought you'd be a little more invested. Hey, a woman named Sofia called for you. She says Saperstein's cranial edema is subsiding. What does that mean? Well, the doctors think they may be able to reduce his sedation by tomorrow morning... see if he wakes up. [door closes] What's up? He did it. Saperstein sold us out. I told you, we're gonna let him speak for himself. This speaks for him... and loudly... federal immunity contract. Found it tucked away in his bedroom, literally swept under the rug. Dated two weeks ago. He's been snitching on us for two weeks. Yesterday wasn't the first time the Feds made contact. You know, it could have been you that they approached. The FBI is very convincing. He came to me. Maybe it was to undo whatever got done. Or making sure he saw daylight by getting us all on tape. He would have tried to protect you... all of us. Look, the bottom line is, we're all here. Let's just assume the best. How do I ever trust anybody again? Look at me. Come here. Look at me. We're still a unit, aren't we? Yes, sir. And I got your back. I'd never let anything happen to you. Come on. [door closes] [intense music] [indistinct chatter over hospital PA] Hey. Where's Mrs. Saperstein? Tufo took her home. Did you do what you needed to do? Hard to know. I mean, I did the dance. At best, Miguel doesn't know what to think. I know the feeling. Saperstein is a lot tougher than he looks. Brain swelling's going down. He could be talking by morning. [cell phone chimes] You should go home to Christina. I'm gonna stay. It just doesn't feel right letting the Feds watch over him. What if he remembers everything? Then I'll sit in front of him and tell him my side. Explain why I did what I did. And... let him choose what happens to me. You're a good man. [scoffs] I'm okay. Sap made it through the first 24 hours. Thanks for your concern. We're monitoring his situation, and we're making sure that you're safe. Why were you at Rikers? [suspenseful music] Something tells me you already know. [monitor beeping] Who's Miguel Zepeda? A repeat offender on a murder rap with an appeal coming up. That Wozniak has some interest in. He was the lead investigator on the original case. He sent me. I didn't ask questions. Oh, I did. Zepeda came up with some interesting answers. He brought up a very familiar name... Frank Kovach. ♪ ♪ Zepeda believes Kovach committed the murders that he's doing time for. You believe him? Everybody in jail is innocent. Well, somebody innocent got the shaft yesterday... either the guy in prison or the guy that fell off the building. More than one man fell. [telephone ringing] Wozniak used you to find out who Zepeda was gonna name at his appeal. No. And then he threw that man to his death. That is not what happened! [Siren wailing] Wozniak framed Miguel Zepeda ten years ago, and I want to know why. All I did was give him a name. Keep moving! Keep moving! [people screaming] Harlee. Harlee! [alarm blaring]   Code yellow. Please make your way to the nearest exit. What happened? Bomb threat, just called in. We located a suspicious package. Where? ICU. Hey. Hey! Code yellow. Please make your way to the nearest exit. Clear this side here. We need to seal the perimeter till the Bomb Squad gets here. [people screaming] Code yellow. Please make your way to the nearest exit. [monitor beeping] Code yellow. Please make your way to the nearest exit. [breathing heavily] [monitor beeping erratically] [alarm blaring] [monitor flatlining] [sobs] 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 