Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x08 - Separation Anxiety - Greek 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x08 - Separation Anxiety https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=906&t=36106 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/20/20 21:22 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x08 - Separation Anxiety 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 ZBZ HOUSE - Dining room 
 Rebecca : Uh... I saw that first. 
 Casey : Oh, look. Going after something else that's mine. Must be Monday. 
 Rebecca : It's tough to avoid when you think everything's yours, isn't it? 
 Casey : Speaking of yours, is that Jen K. Wearing your skirt? 
 Casey goes to see Ashleigh. 
 Casey : Now, to prepare you. I was talking to this girl in my Spanish class. She says she knows this guy who worked on Laguna Beach second season.  And he says that it's not really real, which makes a little bit of sense. Reality just isn't that good. What do you think? 
 Ashleigh: Whatever. 
 Casey : Ash, I know breaking up sucks. You and Travis had a long history, but it'll help if you just get your mind off things. Forget about him. 
 Ashleigh : I'm fine. 
 Frannie : So National just called asking about our philanthropy hours, which we have very few of, thanks to ex-sisterlphilanthropy chair, Libby. Yeah. The last thing we need iis National on our backs. The good news is, Libby did set something up with an after-school program called the Bible Bunch. The bad news, she didn't follow through. We need to set something up. 
 Casey : No worries. The dynamic duo are on the case. 
 Frannie Thank you. 
 Ashleigh : I can't help. 
 Casey : You can do this. It's just what you need to get over Travis. You handle wardrobe. Think charitable, nonprofit. I'll call Bible Bunch... 
 Ashleigh : No, really, I can't. I have a paper to write, a project. I'm also growing my bangs, which requires extra sleep. 
 Casey : But I need you. And it'll take your mind off things. Come on, we're Mary-Kate and Ashley. 
 Ashleigh : Sorry. I just have a lot going on right now. 
 Rebecca : Uh-oh. Looks like Mary-Kate lost her Ashley. 
 CRU - Rusty’s Room 
 Jen K. : Oh, basic scuba. That'd be fun. Or not. 
 Rusty : It's your elective. 
 Jen K. :  It could be ours. Think we should take a class together? 
 Rusty : Why didn't I think of that? 
 Beep 
 Jen K. : You're such a smart guy. I bet you're full of good ideas. My boyfriend from high school never thought of anything like that. 
 Beep 
 Rusty : Your high school boyfriend? 
 Beep 
 Jen K. : Grady, he never initiated, especially in the romance department. 
 Beep 
 Rusty : Like what? 
 Beep 
 Jen K. : Like our first date, our first kiss. 
 Beep 
 Rusty : Ignore it. You were saying. 
 Beep 
 Jen K. : I was the one who was always pushing things forward. And then, finally, I broke up with him. 
 Beep 
 Rusty : Right. Not like ours where we held hands, we kissed, the first night. 
 Beep 
 Jen K. : Exactly. 
 Beep 
 Rusty : It's funny because, before you mentioned it, I was thinking we should take a class together. 
 Beep 
 Jen K. : Who's SkynyrdAngel1501? 
 Rusty : Dale, I'm right here. 
 Dale : I promised I'd leave you guys alone until ten. Look, 10:20. I do not appreciate you taking advantage of my good nature. 
 Rusty : My interpretation was that you'd leave the room. 
 Dale : There's two names on that door. Read them. 
 Jen K. : It's fine. I actually have to meet somebody downstairs. Walk me to class in the morning? 
 Rusty :  I was gonna suggest that. 
 Beep 
 Rusty : Yes, I was going to suggest that. Stop IMing me. 
 Credits 
 KT HOUSE - Living room  
 Rusty : You're cleaning? 
 Cappie : The house is a mess. Have you seen the surface buildup? There's mold growing on mold. 
 Rusty : It never bothered you before. 
 Cappie : Oh, the keg explosion of '06. Goodbye, old friend. 
 Rusty : I actually came to get your advice on something. I think I'm ready to use the L-word with Jen. 
 Cappie : That's a bold move. What makes you think she's a lesbian? Is that a deal-breaker? 
 Rusty : Not that L-word. I want to tell her I love her. 
 Cappie : Look, if you need to say, "I love you," call your mom. All right. Listen, young Padawan, love was invented by women to rob men of their reason for living and their manhood. Love is a vicious trap. It's an E-ticket ride straight to the depths of hell. 
 Rusty : It can't be that bad. 
 Cappie : Yeah, until it's over and you're curled up with a pint of ice cream, watching Never Been Kissed and writing in your journal. So just kick back, relax. Don't ruin everything by making it all serious and mushy. 
 Rusty : You're wrong. I need to make a move. A bold move. Standing still is the worst thing I can do. 
 Cappie : You're... defying the master? Be careful, Spitter. Remember what happened to Anakin? 
 Rusty : Cap, I'm ready. 
 Cappie : You've only been dating her for three weeks. 
 Rusty : When you know, you know. I'm gonna tell her, and my big bro's gonna be happy for me. 
 Cappie : Well, I'm worried for you. Does that count? 
 School Class 
 Casey : Excuse me, Um, I'm looking for the director of the after-school program? 
 Dale : That'd be me. 
 Casey : Hi. Casey Cartwright, Zeta Beta. I'm here about volunteering. 
 Dale : Rusty's sister? I'm his roommate, Dale Kettlewell. 
 Casey : You're the Confederate flag guy. 
 Dale : Thank you. Boy, you don't look anything like your brother. 
 Casey : Thank you. 
 Dale : I, uh, I gave up on you guys after I never heard from Libby. 
 Casey : Let me assure you, that is not the Zeta Beta way. 
 Dale : I chalked it up to the unreliability of organizations whose sole purpose seems to be personal pleasure, bodily self-destruction and the relinquishment of all virtue. So, what's a nice girl like you doing in a place like that? 
 Casey : Oh, our sorority is all about philanthropy. How can we help you all? Immediately? 
 Dale : Well, let's see, uh, the basketball court needs repainting, the gym floor needs waxing. You could hose bird feces off the building exterior with a pressure washer. It's more fun than it sounds. 
 Casey : So many to choose from. This is a great room. It'd be perfect for a party. Or... I know, a show. A show. For the kids. We have the perfect thing. It's called Leading a Good Life. 
 Dale : A catchy title. It sounds positive. 
 Casey : Oh, it is. It's an edu-taining musical that covers everything from dental hygiene to menopause. 
 Dale : These kids could use some old-fashioned values. 
 Casey : It would be perfect. 
 Dale : I don't know. The Bible Bunch kids are serious at-risk youths. I mean, some of them are gang members, some are even atheists. All right, yeah, let's give it a shot. 
 Casey : Yes. 
 Dale : Amen. It was nice to meet you. 
 Casey : Yeah. You too. 
 CRU - Street 
 Heath : Waiting for Godot? More like waiting to go home. 
 Calvin : I didn't think it was that bad. 
 Heath : What, you liked it? 
 Calvin : No, I thought it was kind of slow and a little pretentious, but at least we tried something new. 
 Heath : Why can't we do something old that we know is fun? 
 Calvin : Like bowling? Again? You can only enjoy it so many times before you start to understand why it's not a real sport. 
 Heath : OK, this is dumb. Want to grab some ice cream? 
 Calvin : Actually, I'm pretty beat. You know, and I got that chem lab in the morning, so... 
 Heath : Sure. Right. Wouldn't be bad to get a decent night's sleep. 
 Calvin : Yeah. 
 Heath : I'll see you later. 
 ZBZ HOUSE - Casey & Ashleigh’s room 
 Casey : Ash, you should have been there. The outfit worked like a charm, and he loves Leading a Good Life. 
 Ashleigh : Great. 
 Casey : You think Frannie'll be Marie-Antoinette again? 
 Ashleigh : Uh-huh. 
 Casey : I need to find a replacement for the Fuzzy Bunny. Any ideas? 
 Ashleigh : Mm-hmm. 
 Casey : Are you listening to me? 
 Ashleigh :  Yep. Fuzzy Bunny. 'Night. 
 Casey : If you're not gonna help with the show, the least you can do is talk to me about it. Is that too much to ask? 
 Ashleigh :  I had a hard day too, but you didn't ask me about that, did you?  
 Casey : Right, sorry. How are those bangs coming? OK, I have apologized, like, 50 times for being part of the anti-Travis mob. Though I think dumping him was the right decision. Now you need to stop moping and move on.  
 Ashleigh :   It's not about Travis. This is about you not supporting me. 
 Casey : I am supporting you by supporting what's best for you. 
 Ashleigh : What's best? According to who? 
 Casey :  Maybe you're just too close to the situation to have a healthy perspective. 
 Ashleigh :  Maybe you don't know everything. I did what everybody else wanted me to do about Travis. At least let me feel how I want to feel afterwards. 
 Casey : Fine. I mean, if you want to brood and withdraw and blame me… Where are you going? 
 Ashleigh : I'm moving on. If you find my behavior so annoying, then I'll spare us both and sleep downstairs. Fine? 
 Casey : Fine. 
 Mexican Restaurant 
 Rusty : Jen, I love...chimichangas. Have you ever noticed how the majority of the dishes are made from the same three ingredients? Every dish is meat, cheese and tortilla. 
 Jen K : I know. It's in everything. Burritos, tacos, enchiladas. It's all the same basic combo. 
 Rusty : Did you do something with your hair? 
 Jen K : What? No. 
 Rusty :  Well, I really love...it. I... 
 Jen K : Thanks. Anyhow, so I used to work at this little Mexican restaurant for a week. They had five or six pots. No matter what you ordered, it came out of those pots. 
 Rusty : That's crazy. 
 Jen K :  And there was a sauce for the taco... 
 Rusty : I love you. 
 Silence 
 Jen K : Thank you. 
 ZBZ HOUSE - Living room 
 Ashleigh : Hey! What the hell are you doing? 
 Rebecca : Sorry. I didn't expect anyone to be sleeping on the couch. 
 Ashleigh : Three-second rule. What are you doing here? 
 Rebecca : Don't tell anyone, but the cook stashes Cheesaritos for me in the pantry. A trick I learned at my father's townhouse. He always said fat was a bad photo op. 
 Ashleigh : That explains why the cook's fingers are always orange. I thought it was some skin disease. 
 Rebecca : My dad said that about our cook too. So why are you down here? 
 Ashleigh : I couldn't sleep. 
 Rebecca : Before or after your gigantic fight with Casey? I'm right next door. 
 Ashleigh : It wasn't a fight. It was a disagreement. She just always thinks she knows how to manage my life. And a lot of the time, she does. 
 Rebecca : No, I get it. Friends fight. What? 
 Ashleigh : I just never thought of you as a person with...friends. 
 Rebecca : I have several. Like my best friend in D.C., she and I used to fight constantly. We always made up, though. I really miss her now. Would you prefer I drop them on the ground first? 
 Ashleigh : No. 
 KT HOUSE - Living Room 
 Rusty : Cap? 
 Cappie : In here, Spitter. 
 Rusty :  You're still cleaning? 
 Cappie : Dirt works 24l7. 
 Rusty : So my dinner with Jen K. Was a disaster. 
 Cappie : I'm not going to say I told you so, but you completely screwed up by not taking my advice. 
 Rusty : You were right. It was horrible. I said it and she thanked me. Do you say "you're welcome" to something like that? Then we just sat there for the next hour eating dinner. Complete awkward silence. 
 Cappie : Well, at least she's polite. Maybe it'll blow over, and she won't even notice. 
 Rusty : Maybe I just need a break from girls for a while. 
 Cappie : Well, your instincts aren't all bad. I have a sure-fire way to do that, if you can trust me. 
 Rusty : I'll never doubt you again. 
 Cappie : Good. Then it's off to...the lunch buffet. Oh, here's your toothbrush. 
 Wade : Why does it taste like corn chips and feet? 
 Cappie : Don't you worry about that. You just worry about what you're gonna order at the lunch buffet. 
 Wade : No. I have class. 
 Cappie : Come after. And send out the Bat-Signal to all interested parties. 
 Wade : At least he stopped cleaning. Good job. 
 Rusty : Wait, what's the lunch buffet? 
 ZBZ HOUSE - Living room 
 Casey : Caitlin will be playing the role of dental floss. Eva, you'll be the pine cone. And Frannie will direct and embody the beautiful yet powerful Marie-Antoinette. 
 Frannie : I know, right? Actress, director, double threat. Case, uh, what about you and Ashleigh? 
 Casey : Ashleigh seems to have a lot of stuff going on right now. I thought Jen K. Could sub in? 
 Jen K : Sub in for Ashleigh? 
 Frannie : Are you OK with that, Ash? 
 Ashleigh : It's fine. I'd prefer a dance with a little more freedom anyway, so I'd love to pair up with a new partner. 
 Casey : Like who? 
 Ashleigh : Rebecca. 
 Casey : Rebecca who? 
 Rebecca : We have some amazing ideas for the Sweet Tooth number. Maybe we'll dress up as cupcakes. 
 Casey : You have the body for it. 
 Ashleigh : Let's get to work. 
 Frannie : OK, great. 
 Casey : Yay. 
 KT HOUSE - Garden 
 Calvin : Hey, uh, you guys haven't seen Heath, have you? I need notes from class. 
 Cappie :  Haven't seen him since yesterday. 
 Calvin : Oh, I'll just get the notes later then. 
 Cappie : Hey, you care to join us for lunch? We're going to get our minds off girls. 
 Rusty : All I know is lunch buffet. 
 Cappie : A man's gotta eat, right? 
 Calvin : Uh, sure. Why not? 
 CRU Club 
 Cappie : Welcome to the second happiest place on Earth. Let me show you guys around. 
 Rusty : Didn't you expect a strip club would be bigger? And cleaner? 
 Calvin : Can't say I've had too many expectations on the subject. 
 Cappie : This is the lunch buffet. Complimentary, I might add. 
 Rusty : Ah. They serve casserole. 
 Cappie : No, no, those are Buffalo wings. 
 Rusty : Mincemeat pie? 
 Cappie : Warm taco meat. 
 Calvin :  OK, enough of Name That Tray. 
 Cappie : What, you don't like tacos? 
 Calvin : That and I'm about to puke. 
 Cappie : Don't worry, all right? The food gets better after a few rounds. 
 Calvin : Fake. Fake. Oh, I bet she has back problems. 
 Rusty : Look where she's putting those bills. 
 Calvin : Which will go right back into circulation. By the end of the week, it could end up under some kid's pillow from a tooth fairy. 
 Cappie : Lunch is on me today. Three beers. Three beers. What do you guys want? 
 Rusty : Uh... Coke. 
 Cappie : Excuse me, miss, do you take student health insurance? 
 Waitress : Yes, I do. 
 Calvin : How'd you get wrangled into this? 
 Rusty : What's the worst thing you can imagine? 
 Calvin : This. 
 Rusty : Telling your girlfriend "I love you" and getting a "thank you" back. 
 Calvin : Ouch. Hey, man, don't panic, you know? I'm having trouble with my he-friend too. But that's... it's dating. It's all about communication. 
 Rusty : Maybe I should call her. 
 Calvin : Mmm. Face-to-face is usually better in these situations. 
 Rusty : She said "thank you" to my face. 
 Calvin : Right, probably better to call. 
 Jen K : Hello? Rusty? 
 Calvin : Say something. 
 Jen K : Rusty? 
 Calvin : What? We could've planned that better. 
 Rusty : In less then 24 hours I went from boyfriend, to moron, to stalker. 
 Wade : Honeys, I'm home. Two tacos. Last time we were here we owned this place. 
 ZBZ HOUSE - Living room 
 Casey : Out. Out. 
 Jen K : Are you OK? 
 Casey : Just scouting out the other acts. 
 Jen K : Maybe I should just stand and you could dance around me. 
 Casey : Trust me, you'll be fine. There's a great dancer in all of us. 
 Jen K : Yeah, buried deeper in some than others. 
 Casey : But they don't have me as a teacher. All right, let's go. Five, six, seven, eight. 
 Jen K : Oh! I'm OK. 
 Casey : I don't want to put pressure on you, but the show is tomorrow. 
 Jen K : I know. I'm just a little preoccupied. Rusty said, "I love you. " 
 Casey : Aww. Oh. After three weeks? What did you say? 
 Jen K :  "Thank you. " 
 Casey : At least you were polite. You don't feel the same way? 
 Jen K : I don't know. I mean, he just kind of took me by surprise, you know? 
 Casey : Well, just know Rusty's new to all this. 
 Dale : Hey. I was just in the neighborhood, thought I'd see how our show's doing. 
 Casey : Oh, really well. 
 Dale : Oh, you. Hello. 
 Jen K : I'm just gonna go... away. 
 Casey : Well, thanks for stopping by. 
 Dale : Oh, uh, no, this is for you. It's just some guidelines I typed up last night. You know, content control. 
 Casey : "Lyrics should be printed and presented prior to performance for approval. No nudity during any part of the performance... " 
 Dale : Or implied intercourse. 
 Casey : "Side-breast and buttocks crack is also prohibited. Displays of anti-social behavior, gang activity, vulgarity or the occult are prohibited. " OK. "See next page. " I'm sure we can handle this. 
 Dale : Great. Um... Oh, also, one more thing. I have great news. I want my band to play. 
 Casey : You... have a band. 
 Dale : We call ourselves Darwin Lied. 
 Casey : That I'm sure is awesome. But we can't break the continuity of the show. See, the dental hygiene section, it comes before table manners... 
 Dale : We'll come on afterwards. Really go out with a bang. 
 Casey : Our show's more of a sunny experience. 
 Dale : Well, I admit, Darwin Lied has a punishing sound, but we're pretty positive too. They're my purity pledge brothers. 
 Casey : Hey, maybe, maybe you could work the lights? 
 Dale : You know, maybe we'll just scrap the whole show, just use the band. 
 Casey : OK, I guess you're in. 
 Dale : Great. Trust me, you have no idea how hard we rock. 
 Casey : Yeah. 
 Dale : Good to see you... 
 CRU Club 
 Cappie : Your first lap dance. Oh, I remember when Egyptian Joe treated me to my first and 17th through 20th. You like, huh? 
 Rusty : She had Jen K.'s watch. 
 Cappie : Spitter, what possessed you to ignore my advice? Have I ever led you afoul? Like really afoul, like of the law? I did it because of a law. Which one? Together we'll fight it. 
 Rusty : Newton's first law of motion. It deals with inertia. 
 Cappie : Ah. In an isolated system, a body at rest, your love life, will remain at rest, unless disturbed by an unbalanced force... you and your L-word. 
 Rusty : You were a physics major for a while. 
 Cappie : Bingo. 
 Rusty : Yeah, I thought she was telling me if I didn't take control of the relationship and keep it moving forward then I'd lose her. 
 Cappie : OK. Relax. Mm-hmm. Oh, uh-huh. You see how we make rash decisions when we disregard medical advice? What you need is more lap dances, stat. 
 Calvin : Hey, should we get a lap dance? You know, just to say we experimented through college? 
 Heath : What are you doing here? 
 Calvin : Rusty invited me. Don't worry, I'll try not to hit on you too hard in front of your brothers. Relax, it's fine. 
 Heath : It's not that. It's, um... after I saw you last night. I met this guy. We hooked up. 
 Calvin : With who? 
 Heath : Doesn't matter. I was... I was mad at you. It was stupid. It'll never happen again. 
 Calvin : No, it won't. I'm leaving. 
 Rusty :  Why? What's wrong? 
 Cappie : Relationships suck. 
 Rusty : Wait. Beav, lunch buffet was great, time to round them up, let's go. 
 Beaver : I think Cappie's gonna be a while. 
 ZBZ HOUSE - Dinning room 
 Rebecca : Did you finish it already? 
 Ashleigh : Yeah. 
 Rebecca : Looks like your plan's working. Casey's definitely sitting up and taking notice. 
 Ashleigh : Yep. 
 Rebecca : Is it just me or is there like this weird vortex in this house? Casey's at the center of it and we're all defined by our relationship to her. You're the sidekick. I'm Satan. 
 Ashleigh : Uh, you've done plenty to earn the Satan name. 
 Rebecca : But that's not all I am, any more than all you are is her sidekick. 
 Ashleigh : Can we please not use that term? 
 Rebecca : Exactly. We should be defining our own terms. 
 Ashleigh : Casey's still my friend. I just don't want her to keep seeing me as... what you said. 
 Rebecca : Exactly. 
 Ashleigh : Just because you and I shared a snack food and a dance doesn't mean we're friends. 
 Rebecca : We don't have to be enemies either, just because of who we are to Casey. For what it's worth, I was appalled by the way our sisters, Casey included, ganged up on you to dump Travis. 
 Ashleigh : Why would you care? 
 Rebecca : Because I've seen it before. My dad almost divorced my mom because she didn't poll well. But there was a four percent margin of error so they're still together. 
 CRU Club 
 Rusty : They're bringing the check now, so we can go home. 
 Cappie : We are home. We got everything we need right here. 
 Rusty : Not everything. 
 Capppie : Are you still hung up on that little minx? After all this? I had a little minx once. She was the fairest of all the forest creatures, but I let her get away. Bad Cappie. 
 Rusty : All this and the cleaning? That was about a girl? We better get going. 
 Cappie : No. No, I'm not leaving. I can sleep in the booth. I can live off the casserole and dance on the stage to work off the casserole. It's been nice knowing you, Spitter. Take care. You and your family. 
 Rusty : There's something definitely wrong with him. 
 Wade : He's fine. 
 Beaver : I hear you, but drunk and sloppy Cappie is way better than mop and scrub Cappie. 
 Waitress : Your friend's credit card was rejected. I hope you've got some cash. 
 Rusty : $275? 
 Beaver : Hey, he said he was buying. 
 Rusty : None of you have any money to cover Cappie? Cap. Cappie. 
 ZBZ HOUSE - Living room 
   
 
 
 Evan : Lucky for you, I am an amazing boyfriend. By the way, why couldn't Ashleigh play the lizard? 
 Casey : Yeah. We're kinda in a fight. She's bummed about her breakup with Travis and taking it out on me because I didn't like him. I thought I'd give her some space, and she said thank you by pairing with Rebecca, which is fine by me. I'm not her punching bag. 
 Evan : Yeah, you seem fine. 
 Casey : Yeah. 
 Evan : So if Ashleigh asked you to dump me, would you do it? 
 Casey : I... It wasn't just me. It was Frannie and the Standards Board too. 
 Evan : You know how much your opinion matters. She's been your biggest fan since freshman year. 
 Casey : Yeah. During Rush, I was actually close to taking a bid at Tri-Pi. Ashleigh found out one of the girls hated me and was gonna ding me out two weeks later. And she keyed the girl's car. 
 Evan : You never told me that. Someone keyed my car this rush. 
 Casey : But like I was saying, we totally know each other. We share the same opinions and feelings about stuff. We were always so in sync. Now, it's all... weird. 
 Evan : No. If you're that much in sync, then I'm sure she feels the exact same way. She probably misses you too. Yeah, that's you. 
 Casey : Hello? 
 CRU Club 
 Man : Whoo! Check out the sexy librarian. I'd like to check you out and get a late fee. 
 Casey : I'm not a stripper! 
 Man : Oh, come on, baby. 
 Casey : Good work, guys. 
 Beaver : Save us, Wonder Woman. 
 Casey : It's for Leading a Good Life. 
 Beaver : Yeah, I bet it is. 
 Rusty : Guys. My sister. 
 Casey : You want me to bail you dorks out or not? 
 Rusty : Yes, please. 
 Casey : Girlfriend doesn't say "I love you" and you end up in a strip club? 
 Rusty : She told you? 
 Casey : We're in a sorority, not a secret society. What'd you guys do, taser him? 
 Beaver : Come on. Let's go. That better be a 20, bro. 
 Rusty : He's messed up. I think some girl dumped him or something. 
 CRU STREET - Casey’s cars 
 Casey : 275 bucks? This is so typical Cappie. 
 Rusty : What are you not saying? 
 Casey : Um... Cappie and I may have revisited our history recently. Things kind of escalated. 
 Rusty : Escalated how? 
 Casey : We kissed. That's it. It was a big, stupid lapse of judgment. 
 Rusty : You're his minx. 
 Casey : His what? 
 Rusty : I thought it was over between you guys. 
 Casey : Just because we stopped dating doesn't mean all the feelings were gone. 
 Rusty : When he finally tells you how he feels, you dump him for Evan? 
 Casey : Surprising, right? 
 Rusty : You led him on, Case. He probably thought all he had to do was make his move. And when he finally opened up, you broke his heart. Did you at least thank him? 
 Casey : We weren't right for each other, and he knew it. Evan and I have plans, goals, ambitions. Cappie has... Kappa Tau. 
 Rusty : But what about love? Do you love Evan? 
 Casey : Of course I do. But love isn't simple, Rusty. And considering what you're going through right now, you of all people should appreciate that. 
 KT HOUSE - Living room 
 Cappie : Hey, Spitter. 
 Rusty : You're psychic? 
 Cappie : Waxed floors, remember? I'd know that depressed shuffle anywhere. What's with this welt on my head? Did I enjoy it? 
 Rusty : Absolutely. Although, yesterday's excursion has opened my eyes to the perils of women. 
 Cappie :  It's just a bump, Spitter. 
 Rusty : No, I mean relationships, they suck. I never want to go through what you did with Casey. 
 Cappie : I missed something here. 
 Rusty : She's the one who bailed us out. She told me. About you two. 
 Cappie : Ah. 
 Rusty : I should've taken your advice in the first place. 
 Cappie : But you were right, Spitter. I was wrong. 
 Rusty : What about? 
 Cappie : Saying the L-word. 
 Rusty : I said it, but I'm not even sure if I meant it. 
 Cappie : At least you said it. By the time I came clean to the pretty Cartwright, the Evan train had already left the station. 
 Rusty : So how do you know when you mean it? 
 Cappie : I don't know. I... I guess it's a kind of burning, itching sensation. But, you know, in a good way. 
 Rusty : You think if you would have told Casey how you felt sooner, you would be together? 
 Cappie : Maybe. Maybe not. Maybe she just would've said... "Thank you. " The point is it's not some law or equation. You can't predict the outcome. 
 Rusty : Then why go through with it if all you know is, if it doesn't work out, you'll be destroyed? 
 Cappie : Because what you get before it ends, no matter how it ends, can rock. The truth is, I wouldn't trade my time with Casey for anything. 
 Rusty : Even a night with the naughty nurse? 
 Cappie : Oh, that would explain the stethoscope. 
 SHOW 
 Frannie : Two minutes. Let's go, ladies. 
 Ashleigh : I need Casey's eyebrow pencil. It's the perfect color. You know what? I'm fine, thanks. 
 Casey : Jen K., why aren't you dressed? 
 Frannie : Come on, everyone. Come on, please. Find that phone. Who didn't turn off their phone? 
 Casey :  It's mine. I turned it off. Sorry. 
 Frannie : OK. Come on. Let's go. Let's go. We're on. 
 CRU STREET 
 Heath : Hey. 
 Calvin : Hey. 
 Heath : You left without saying anything. 
 Calvin : Probably better you didn't hear what I had to say. 
 Heath : I messed up, I know. We should've talked about it first. 
 Calvin : Talk about it? Before you cheated on me? 
 Heath : I'm not sure I even really cheated on you. I mean, this isn't exactly a traditional courtship. You said you wanted to keep things loose. So now you can be free to play the field. If you want. 
 Calvin : Oh, yeah. Totally. Heath. Guess I'll see you around. 
 SHOW 
 Jen K : Rusty. 
 Rusty : I don't love you. 
 Jen K : What? 
 Rusty : I only said it because I wanted to prove that I wasn't like your ex. That I could take the initiative in the romance department. I just... I took it a little too far. 
 Jen K :  So you don't love me? 
 Rusty : No. I mean, not yet. Well, maybe I do. I don't know. I'm not sure. Look, here's what I do know: I want an experience that I wouldn't trade anything for and I want that experience to be with you. 
 Jen K : Thank you. Me too. With you. Um... Will you? 
 Rusty : What the hell was this show? 
 Jen K : I'm stuck. 
 Dale : Not all angels are in heaven. This song's for you, Casey Cartwright. 
 “ There once was a young lad 
  Who dreamed of a girl 
 with a pretty, pretty smell 
 She forced him through 
 the valley of the shadow of doubt 
 And their slumber felt like heaven 
 But they woke up in hell 
 Heathens be warned 
 You better listen to me 
 Or it's fire 
 and brimstone for eternity 
 Repent all your sins 
 'cause your life is at stake 
 You better pray the 
 Lord for your soul to take 
 Heathens be warned 
 You better listen to me 
 Or it's fire 
 and brimstone for eternity 
 Repent all your sins 
 'cause your life is at stake 
 You better pray the Lord 
 for your soul to take” 
 DOBLERS 
 Casey : Travis says he's sorry he had to cancel your visit to Providence next week, but he misses you, a lot. 
 Ashleigh : So now what? 
 Casey : Now, I apologize. First, for judging your love life. I'm in no position to judge or organize anyone else's. 
 Ashleigh : Want to talk about it? Is it that bad? 
 Casey : No, Ash. For once, we need to talk about you. We think alike so much, I just assumed that applied to everything. I quit checking in on what you needed. That's the second apology I owe you. 
 Ashleigh : Accepted. I know you want what's best for me. 
 Casey : Yeah. 
 Ashleigh : I missed my Mary-Kate. 
 Casey : I missed my Ashleigh. 
 CRU - Rusty’s room 
 Rusty : I love... the cottage cheese on the ceiling. 
 Jen K : I love... this song. 
 Rusty : I love... my comforter. 
 Jen K : Hmm. I think I might love you. 
 Rusty : I think I might too. We can still move our relationship forward. If you want to. 
 Jen K : I'd love that. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 