Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x04 - Episode #1.4 - The Last Dance 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x04 - Episode #1.4 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=958&t=37247 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/12/20 06:10 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x04 - Episode #1.4 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 I do remember being in Vegas with him. 
 It was on! 
 The party was starting right away. 
 Mixin' it up. Bring on the shookers! 
 That's whores and sluts, you're gonna learn. 
 That's smart hookers. Yeah. 
 Wow. 
 One thing about Dennis: he had to escape. 
 He'd like to go out. He liked to go to clubs. 
 We'd go to his favorite restaurant, then we'd go to a nightclub, then we'd go to after hours. It didn't stop. 
 It's all about getting your groove on, right? 
 It was definitely an occupational hazard to be Dennis' girlfriend. 
 He was wild. 
 # It's Kamikaze time # 
 # It's time to blow your mind # 
 # It's Kamikaze time # 
 Suck it down, m*therf*cker! 
 But to be honest, I didn't realize what the team's schedule was. 
 I didn't know he took a detour. 
 Did Dennis come back on time? 
 Mmm-mmm. 
 He didn't come back on time. We had to go get his ass out of bed. 
 And I'm not gonna say what's in his bed and where he was and blah, blah, blah. 
 There's a knock on the door. It's Michael Jordan, and I hid. 
 I didn't want him to see me like that, so I... 
 I'm just hiding behind the couch with covers over me. 
 "Come on, you... We gotta get to practice." 
 Dennis came back and joined the team. 
 And that's the way it went that year. 
 I wanted to tell you... 
 Did you get your body through anything today, Dennis? 
 You gotta put your body through things so the muscles have a memorization, too. 
 His body made it here, Phil. Don't beg for too much. 
 Michael and Scottie accepted me for who I am. 
 They say, "You know what? He does what he does, but he cares a lot." 
 I go party hard, but I work hard. 
 I think that we get along so well because we wanna win. We wanna win a championship. 
 Kamikaze. 
 A spectacular move! 
 The game's over! 
 Chicago Stadium is going wild! 
 First of all, there's no backstabbing going on here. 
 It's time for me to move on. 
 This will be Phil's last year as coach of the Bulls. 
 Are the expectations too high? Where do we go from here? 
 The only question: how long can it last? 
 After his vacation, Dennis comes back to practice. 
 Phil's now... His whole motive is to get Dennis back in shape. 
 So, we start this drill called the Indian drill. 
 Everybody starts running in a line. 
 And Phil blows a whistle. Whoever's at the back, run to the front. 
 Now, you can't stop. Whoever's in front controls the pace. 
 So, I'm saying, "f*ck, this is kind of messed up," because now I'm getting caught up in "Dennis getting in shape drill," when in essence, I hadn't taken a vacation. 
 So I tell everybody in that group, "Look, whoever gets in the front of that row, slow down to a f*cking walk. 
 We just gonna jog and jog and jog and jog." 
 So, Steve Kerr and Jud Buechler, they all get to the line, we just slowly, we just running, slowly just running, and then, Dennis takes off. Boom! 
 Now, he blows the whistle. 
 Now, we cannot stop until we get back in front of Dennis. 
 It took us four laps to catch up to Dennis. 
 It was in his psyche. He needed to get away. 
 But, in all honesty, Dennis was always there. 
 He was always on point. 
 Phil realized that I was different, man. 
 Phil knew me so well, 'cause he knew I... 
 So much sh1t I was doing. But I had to get my head right. 
 But that's what's so cool about playing with that team, and they was all about... Anybody needed to do something, they was all about it. 
 And Phil was cool about it. 
 Dennis is always a rebel, at some point. 
 He wants to join the group, but the other part of him wants to be autonomous. 
 So, we appreciate the fact that he's a maverick. 
 But yet, when it comes time for him to perform, he's always on the court for us, always playing hard for us. 
 Dennis and I have this... 
 Native American bond between us. 
 He comes in one day, and Dennis and I met in the team room. 
 In the team room, I have a bear claw necklace, a turtle shell that came from another Indian reservation, and various other Indian artifacts. 
 And so, Dennis is like, "Wow." 
 He said, "I have this necklace from the Ponca Indians in Oklahoma. 
 I can... I'm hip to that." 
 And I say, "Dennis, in their tradition, and the tradition that I knew, you would be a heyoka, a backward-walking person. 
 There were people that were different, and you're a heyoka. 
 So, you're this heyoka in this tribe." 
 He don't look at me as a basketball player. 
 He look at me as a great friend. 
 He realized that I probably needed him for inspiration. 
 He wants to see me persevere. 
 I had never met a coach who was that different and genuine when it came to bringing the group together. 
 He had this real interest in Native American history, and he would weave that into our own culture. 
 He brought in Zen Buddhism and Native American Indian philosophies. 
 Everything was about being focused, playing as one. 
 When I was at Great Falls as a kid growing up, my grandparents had this boarding house with small little cabins. 
 And Native American people from a popular Indian reservation used to come and they'd have their kids. 
 And so I started learning more and more about this Native American culture. 
 There was a certain negativity about playing with these kids. 
 I didn't feel that at all. 
 Cowboys and Indians was a game that kids played. 
 And I was always the Indian. 
 My dad was a pastor. 
 My mother was also a minister. 
 She had an extreme belief about the, uh, second coming of Christ. 
 So, that was something that was foremost in your mind in growing up. 
 "Would you be ready, if Christ came, to be taken as part of that group that would be raptured?" 
 My goal was always in conflict. 
 I would rather be playing sports than being on my knees, praying. 
 I played basketball from the time I was a little kid, and eventually went to the University of North Dakota. 
 Jackson is having a whale of a night. 
 He scored 28 in the first half and has continued the onslaught here in the second half. 
 The Knicks drafted me in the second round. 
 And I'd made the All-Rookie Team, my rookie season. 
 Jackson defensively gets the ball. 
 I remember seeing Phil Jackson. 
 Jackson knocking it away... 
 He was always smacking guys around. 
 He was like an earlier version of Dennis Rodman. 
 I was 11 years with the Knicks. 
 We had seven good years. We went to the finals three years. 
 White has the ball. Stolen by Jackson! 
 Racing ahead of the field, he drives, lays it up... 
 And we won two championships. 
 Phil and I wrote Maverick together. 
 In that book, Phil talks about taking acid. 
 And thinking he was a lion, roaring up and down the beach in LA. 
 Phil was like a hippie and different from the NBA fraternity. 
 When I was playing as a pro, Red Holzman encouraged me to think about coaching, and particularly in Puerto Rico, where I ended up coaching for a while. 
 I spent a lot of time down there in the Superior League, it was called. 
 They played every other day. 
 And these players would just play ferociously. 
 Jackson steps on the court to argue with the referees. 
 There was a local animosity among these small towns. 
 There were fires on your way out of town, and rocks being thrown at your car. 
 They'd kill a chicken... in a graveyard, and pour the blood on the visiting team's bench. 
 The town I went to, Quebradillas, was ferocious. 
 The mayor had actually shot an official one time with a gun and hit him in the lower leg. 
 So, his punishment was he wasn't allowed to go to any more home games for the rest of the season. 
 But, really, there's a lot of love about the game, and I learned a lot of things from the process. 
 And then I got a call about coaching over in the CBA for the Albany Patroons. 
 And now introducing the head coach of the Patroons, formerly of the New York Knickerbockers, Phil Jackson. 
 Phil Jackson. 
 Then in '84, we won the championship. 
 They came together as a group, and it's been a great team effort ever since. 
 We're ecstatic. Whoo! 
 After that, the Bulls tracked me down, and I got up to interview for an assistant job under Stan Albeck. 
 Jerry Krause and I had a really good relationship. 
 I wanted to bring Phil in. 
 He came in, uh... not dressed real well. 
 Stan was very conservative. 
 Phil looked anything but conservative at that point. 
 And Stan quickly, uh, nixed that idea. Two years later, we had an opening. 
 And this time I called Phil, and I told him how to dress and how to, uh, talk to Doug. Doug Collins was our coach. 
 And I kind of helped Doug think about it, and we hired Phil. 
 Under Doug Collins, one of the assistant coaches was Tex Winter. 
 Jerry Krause had the idea that Tex was gonna be a mentor. 
 Doug was gonna follow the things that he would teach as a coach. 
 When I took this job 11 years ago, the first person we hired was Tex Winter. 
 He's a brilliant man. The finest offensive mind in basketball. 
 Triangle is formed between... 
 Forward Two, Guard One, who has now moved to the corner, and Center Five, who forms the apex of the triangle. 
 He had a system called "the triangle." 
 Jerry said, "I've been listening to his basketball philosophy for years. 
 He's got the kind of philosophy I'd like to see happen with this team." 
 Doug's philosophy was different. 
 Doug would have these plays that always ended up with Michael Jordan being the recipient of the score. 
 Tex was always like, "There's a way of playing this game that's different than that." 
 Tex Winter... would berate Doug about, "You should institute the triangle." Doug would not hear of it. 
 Doug finally had heard it enough and said, "I'm tired of hearing that," and then the argument escalated a bit, and Tex Winter was banned from the bench. 
 He wasn't coaching on the floor anymore. 
 He was sitting in the corner, taking notes about the practice. 
 Jerry Krause was really unhappy with that. 
 During that period of time, Krause made the decision that I should work together with Tex. 
 Phil was picking the brains of the best basketball man I've ever known, and I was watching it. 
 And I thought, you know what? 
 This is getting more and more interesting all the time. 
 Is there anything that you missed? 
 You still got a bit more room. 
 I could've done another tier here, Mike. 
 Mike, we want you to deny the ball, so they can't throw the ball in easy to the blocks. 
 So, big man, if your man clears, you must tell Michael that he's alone out there so he doesn't get naked on a back-door situation. 
 Midway through my second year, I felt Phil could be the coach. 
 What gave you that sense? Just sense. 
 You don't want to go into the details? It's just feeling. 
 Jerry wanted to talk to me, so I go in and talk. 
 He says, "I may have to do something that's gonna rock this... franchise." 
 I said, "What?" He says, "I'm gonna have to fire Doug Collins." 
 I said, "It's gonna be some f*ckin' balls, fire a guy that just took us to the Eastern Conference Final." 
 If you're getting ready for work now, you're probably not Doug Collins. 
 The Bulls head coach was fired in a surprise move yesterday. 
 I have the worst-kept secret in town sitting next to me. 
 You guys, as usual, got us on that one. 
 For the last two years, Phil Jackson has been a very integral part of this organization. 
 He's now ready to be a head coach. Welcome, coach. 
 Thanks, Jerry. 
 Have you talked to Michael Jordan yet? 
 Yes, I have. What'd he say? 
 "Congratulations! Let's go win a championship." 
 Phil took over and just had a different approach. 
 Doug's approach was more catered to Michael, and Phil's approach was more catered to the team. 
 I wasn't a Phil Jackson fan, you know, when he first came in, because he was coming in to take the ball out of my hands. 
 Doug put the ball in my hands. 
 Tex Winter, his right-hand man, had sold him on an offense that he believed would get us out of this one-on-one type of basketball. 
 The triangle offense is set so that there's a key pass that creates motion. 
 Then there's 33 different types of options that come out of that single pass. 
 Players can do spontaneous, creative things using their strengths. 
 Everybody has an opportunity to touch the ball but I didn't want Bill Cartwright to have the ball with five seconds left. 
 ...bounce into Cartwright, shoots over Rollins. Nope. 
 That's not equal-opportunity offense. That's f*cking bullshit. 
 Oh, my! Michael Jordan has 54 points! 
 Sixty points for Jordan! 
 Sixty-nine points for Michael Jordan. 
 There was so many times Tex used to yell at me, saying, "Move the ball. Move the ball." He says, "No 'I' in team." 
 I said, "There's an 'I' in win." 
 I met Michael and I told him what we were gonna do. 
 "Obviously, you've scored 37, 38 points a game the last couple years. 
 I don't anticipate you're going to be the scoring champion in the league. 
 The spotlight's on the ball and if you're always the guy that's gonna have the ball, teams can generate a defense against that, which happened with the Pistons the last couple years." 
 He said, "I'm not worried about you, but we gotta find a way to make everybody else better. 
 We gotta create other threats." 
 I came in the game as being a point guard, but my growth sort of, uh, grew me into a small forward. 
 The triangle offense allowed me to be more of what I wanted to be. 
 Scottie Pippen's turnaround! 
 Scottie kinda developed that new position called the point forward. 
 Instead of being in Michael's shadow, Scottie was starting to blossom as one of the top players in the NBA. 
 Beautiful move by Scottie! 
 Making his All-Star debut from the Chicago Bulls, Scottie Pippen. 
 Michael Jordan is making an adjustment to this new philosophy, which tries to relieve him of the offensive burden. 
 He realized that him playing and just scoring 30 points wasn't going to win the last game of the season. 
 I'm not gonna be the type of person who's very hungry to lead the league in scoring once again, or to chase individual accolades. 
 He made a conscious effort to say, "No individual is gonna be the team." 
 Now, I'm more or less geared towards team success. 
 That's a special thing to have happen, when the largest icon that the NBA's ever had understands that, "I don't have to have the ball in my hands all the time." 
 With the triangle offense, certainly, it needed some little time to adjust, for everyone to adjust to it at their own pace, and it took us about a year or so, as a team, to do it. 
 But by the 1990 playoffs, we all felt that we were ready to beat the Detroit Pistons. 
 The hurdle that comes up now is the big one. 
 And we know that the challenge of the Detroit Pistons is immense. 
 It's one that we've been waiting for all season long. 
 Chicago was the only team to beat the Pistons in the playoffs last year and they're a deeper and more balanced team this time around. 
 I felt like we were in a position to win, you know. 
 And we pushed them to a game seven in their building. 
 That's the Scottie migraine game, right? 
 Yeah. 
 The defending world champions, the Detroit Pistons, extended to a seventh game. 
 And 21,500 are gathered here for a very special afternoon. 
 When I got up that morning and went down for breakfast, I had a headache. 
 I started feeling like I wanted to throw up. 
 I went to the arena, did my regular routine warming up, and I was just, like, blind. I couldn't see. 
 Game seven... Let's go! 
 You know what time it is. Go 110%. 
 Know what time it is. 
 We got Scottie and BJ? 
 Yeah. You know we gotta go. 
 This is it. Let's go. 
 All in. 
 All out. No doubt. 
 We worked all season for this, guys. Let's play hard. 
 Leave it all on the floor. 
 Game seven from the Palace. 
 Piston ball. 
 As the game started, I couldn't focus. 
 Everything was blurry, I was seeing double, black, and I just... 
 I couldn't get my eyesight. 
 Pippen is one and five in the field. 
 One and six. 
 I told 'em, "I can't see," and I was taken out of the game. 
 He said he had a migraine. I don't... 
 I can't argue the point that he had a migraine. 
 It was just one of those things that, you know, it was so unfortunate. 
 When you can't see, you're seeing double, and want to vomit, and you gotta play against Dennis Rodman? 
 Pippen passes inside, Laimbeer knocks it away. 
 4:10 to go. Here's Isiah. 
 The players on the Bulls are playing from desperation. 
 Guys are trying to do more than they're capable of doing, and that includes Michael Jordan. 
 The lead is 20. 
 The Detroit Pistons will meet the Portland Trail Blazers in a best of seven, beginning Tuesday night on CBS. 
 Michael Jordan had 31, and he's with Pat O'Brien. 
 Mike... Michael Jordan here, in the midst of the celebration. 
 What are you saying to the other players? 
 All you can do is wish them good luck. We fought hard. They were the better team. 
 We wanna be where they are. 
 We still gotta wait our turn, and try to improve our team. 
 They were the better team and played better today. 
 We were sitting in the locker room after the game, and nothing was said. 
 Everyone just sat there for a moment. 
 We had a chance to beat 'em. We just didn't respond. 
 We got to that hill, we almost looked over the hill. 
 I was devastated. I was absolutely devastated. 
 I cried on the bus. My father came on and said, "Look, it's just one game. Bounce back, come back next year." 
 I remember losing to the Pistons. 
 Damn Pistons. 
 Um... 
 That sh1t hurt. 
 You couldn't deny that they were a great team. 
 We had to either change something about ourself, or we weren't gonna beat them. 
 Can't touch this! 
 Congratulations! Thanks, Pat! 
 After that game, instead of us all going on vacation, we all showed up and we started working out. 
 Everybody, starting with Michael, changed. 
 Before the Pistons, Michael didn't weight train. 
 He didn't go in much for strength training. 
 After the Pistons beat the sh1t out of him, he finally decided, "I gotta put some muscle on." 
 I was getting brutally beaten up. 
 And I want to administer pain. 
 I wanted to start fighting back. 
 It's difficult to add muscle for an athlete that's constantly burning calories, running up and down all the time. 
 We started at 200. 
 We added five pounds until he got to 215. 
 When did you decide to build it? 
 I put it in just to get myself physically strong enough to go against Detroit. 
 I was a slim and skinny kid. 
 But now, after I put on a couple pounds, I can throw my weight around a little more. 
 I would give him a certain amount of reps to do. 
 He would never stop at that number. 
 If I asked for six, I know he was gonna do 12. 
 He got to the point where he was like, "Instead of them dishing it to me, I'm gonna dish it back to them." 
 One of the criticisms has been that Jordan is a great player, but he can't lead his teammates to a championship. 
 He can't make them better players. 
 You were known at that time as the guy who was a spectacular performer, but not the winner that Magic and Larry were. 
 Which ate at me. 
 It did. It did. 
 My energy started to gear towards my teammates, and pushing them to excel. 
 Michael forced the hand of a lot of the players to really dedicate themselves to off-season training. 
 "Okay, we're gonna spend the summer dedicated to this proposition, that we're not gonna be runners-up. We're gonna be champions." 
 Michael was on us. 
 No mistakes allowed. 
 Man, I see a screaming devil. 
 You make a mistake, he's gonna scream at you, he's gonna belittle you. 
 He demands almost perfection. 
 Man, when you see your leader working extremely hard in practice, you feel like, "Oh, man, if I don't give it my all, I shouldn't be here." 
 He taught me how to stay in the gym. 
 And he spent a lot of time starting to build the confidence that I needed. 
 Pippen became my focal point. 
 More than any other player, Scottie benefited from playing with Michael Jordan... because Scottie had this raw athletic ability. 
 Two-hand dunk by Pippen! 
 What he didn't have was what Michael brought every day, which was the drive to be the very best, every single day. 
 The mental focus of the game. 
 Dumars, see I gotta help, I gotta give him a bump... 
 So I'm gonna be a step slow. I'll go to yours. 
 The thing about Pip is, you know, you stand next to him, you make him stronger. 
 All the Detroit times when Rodman wanted to pick on him, he needed someone there to stand there and say, "I'll fight with you, just fight." 
 Scottie and I bonded because he felt, okay, he has someone that he can count on. 
 And I'm looking at, "Okay, I got someone who I can actually count on." 
 And then Horace came right behind that. 
 During the time that the Pistons reigned over us, every time they'd do something to us, we would complain to the referee or try to go back at them. 
 Horace used to get beaten up. 
 He got Grant with an elbow in the side... 
 And he would come back whining. And I'd say, "Don't f*cking whine. 
 Don't let 'em see you whine. That's when they know they got you." 
 With them being more mentally dominant than we were, they knew, soon as we start complaining, they had us. And they did. 
 Grant has got to realize this game is not over. 
 You can't give the world champions anything. 
 Just be strong. We gonna beat these bullies. 
 In '91, the Bulls were determined to be the tougher team. 
 The pain of losing to Detroit, again, the year before, brought a fury into that season that they had not had. 
 Jordan knocks the ball out of bounds. 
 No, he didn't! He saved it and played... 
 What a spectacular defensive play by Jordan! 
 A pass stolen by Jordan... 
 Being around Michael every day like that, it just brought it out of us. 
 Scottie evolved, Horace evolved, I evolved. 
 It was a great feeling. 
 We had matured in a lot of ways, physically, mentally. 
 Jordan dribbles out, a hook pass to Pippen for the dunk. 
 It was time for us to become the top team in the game. 
 And now, the starting lineup for your Chicago Bulls... 
 Everybody in Chicago hated the Pistons. 
 This was personal. 
 Anybody says it wasn't personal, it was personal. 
 Game one of the best of seven. 
 I didn't wanna deal with my relatives in Detroit during that time. 
 I didn't wanna go stay with them. My first cousins, "Yeah, whatever. We don't like you right now." They didn't like us. 
 The opening tip. Game one. 
 Our character was challenged the last two years and we failed. 
 But that third year, we put them in our rearview mirror. 
 Bill Laimbeer. 
 Jordan with the steal. 
 Jordan! 
 He'll go to the foul line. 
 Jordan is not gonna back down from anyone right now. 
 He's the leader and understands what to expect during the series. 
 He's gonna hold his ground, make a statement. 
 I thought we were a good enough team to at least make the series a little bit more competitive. 
 And we didn't. 
 Pippen against Vinnie up the right side to the baseline. 
 Fills it up, and a foul! 
 All right, Ahmad, game four of the best of seven. 
 Nice fake by Jordan... Goes to the scoop! 
 Pippen... 
 Oh! Beautiful move by... Scottie Pippen off to a fast start. 
 He has ten points. 
 You know something's coming. 
 This team is desperate. 
 They've done everything they can. Now, they're really desperate. 
 Armstrong and Craig Hodges in the back court. 
 Cliff Levingston, Bill Cartwright and Scottie Pippen up for... 
 A beautiful back court pass for Pippen! And he is walloped. 
 And that will be a flagrant foul. 
 And it's getting very, very tough out there. 
 Dennis Rodman pushed Scottie, and could have injured him pretty severely. 
 It was clearly, um, a flagrant foul. 
 That's a clear-cut cheap shot, no question. Clear cut. 
 Scottie Pippen was racked up. 
 When Pippen didn't respond to that abuse... there was nothing they could do to beat us then. 
 Scottie was unshakable, didn't even want a Band-Aid. 
 When we saw that, it was over. 
 You know, it was like, "Okay, it's a foul. 
 Um, let's go ahead and finish kicking their ass and you know..." 
 And put 'em out of their misery. 
 Jordan rebounds. He has Pippen. 
 The Chicago Bulls about to put the Pistons away in four... 
 And Pippen able to feed it off to Jordan! 
 Chuck is now clearing the bench. 
 Miller Genuine Draft player of the game, Scottie Pippen of the Chicago Bulls. 
 We were tasting victory over a team that just kicked your butt for the last three or four years. 
 I mean, the gratification... You truly cannot put it into words. 
 It is all over. 
 That was the only time that I think I'd ever been swept, um... in a series. I was normally the one doing the sweeping. 
 Their time had arrived and ours was over. 
 As we're coming out of the game, Laimbeer said, "You know... we're not shaking their hands. 
 This is how we're leaving." 
 The Pistons wasting no time in getting outta here, as they are headed off... 
 We didn't shake hands. We just walked off the court. 
 "f*ck you guys. Thank you for kicking our ass." 
 They left the bench although there's seven seconds remaining. 
 The Pistons just left. 
 I think it was difficult for them because they were two-time champions. 
 But, you know, there certainly has to be some respect. 
 Straight up bitches. 
 That's what they walked off like. 
 
 
 
 "Yeah, we just kicked your ass. Go ahead and go." 
 Detroit had a similar thing with Boston that we had with them. 
 They had to overcome Boston, and they did. I still remember... it was the first time that, uh... 
 Detroit beat them, and I can see Kevin McHale coming out to half court and shaking hands, things like that. 
 No. 
 Adrian Dantley was shooting a free throw and the Boston Celtics were walking off during the game. 
 And I grab McHale, and then he stopped as he was walking off the floor. 
 That's how they left the floor. And to us, that was okay. 
 Knowing what we know now, and the aftermath of what took place, I think we would have stopped and said, "Hey, congratulate..." like they do now. 
 "Hey, congratulate... ""Love ya, man!" "Hey, congratulations..." 
 We would have did it. Of course, we would have done it. 
 But during that period of time, that's just not how it was passed. 
 When you lost, you left the floor. That was it. 
 This is Isiah, talking about the walk-off. 
 Well, I know it's all bullshit. 
 Whatever he says now, you know it wasn't his true actions then. 
 He's had time enough to think about it. 
 Or the reaction of the public that's changed his perspective of it. 
 You can show me anything you want. 
 There's no way you can convince me he wasn't an asshole. 
 Knowing what we know now, and the aftermath of what took place... 
 But during that period of time, that's just not how it was passed. 
 It just... Just wasn't. 
 You can go back and look at any of those old games, or whatever, when you lost, you left the floor. 
 All you gotta do is you go back to us losing in game seven. 
 I shook everybody hand. 
 Two years in a row. 
 We shook their hands when they beat us. 
 There's a certain respect to the game that we paid to them. 
 That's sportsmanship, no matter how much it hurts. 
 And believe me, it f*cking hurt. 
 But they didn't have to shake our hands. 
 We knew we whooped their ass already. 
 We'd gotten past them and that was the most... 
 To me, that was better than, in some ways, winning a championship. 
 Sweep! Sweep! Sweep! Sweep! Sweep! Sweep! 
 # I throw my tape on Then I watch ya # 
 # Three seconds later, I got ya # 
 # Shakin' your head Dancin' instead of sittin' # 
 # The rhymes kick, the beats hittin' you # 
 # Just like a home run Slammin' like a slam dunk # 
 # Riding the wave That James Brown gave funk # 
 # It happened to James Like it happened to me # 
 # How you think I feel To see another MC get paid # 
 # Usin' my rap style # 
 # And I'm playin' The background meanwhile # 
 # I ain't with that You can't forget that # 
 # You took my style, I'm takin' it back # 
 # Comin' back, like "Return of the Jedi" # 
 Go, Jerry! Go, Jerry! Go, Jerry! 
 Go sit down, Jerry! 
 # How ya like me now? # 
 # Now brothers are riding me like a pony # 
 # How ya like me now? # 
 In sports, the stage is set for the Air-Magic show in the NBA Finals. 
 Starting Sunday, it'll be Michael Jordan and the Chicago Bulls against Magic Johnson and the LA Lakers. 
 When you're a competitor, you want to play against the best. 
 I played against Larry, and I've always wanted to play against Michael. 
 Up until that point, there was a stigma that... 
 "Michael Jordan only wins scoring titles, never championships." 
 That was my chance to get in the category of Larry Bird and Magic Johnson. 
 I guess this is something that I've been waiting for. 
 It's the team that's won it the most, in the time I've been in the league... 
 Even though they may have that experience, we have that hunger. 
 The NBA is a league of stars, and none shine brighter than Magic Johnson and Michael Jordan. 
 While much has been said about their respective teams, nothing has been more anticipated than their individual match-up. 
 We're set for the start of game one. 
 The opening tip controlled by the LA Lakers, as Magic Johnson moves across, against Michael Jordan. 
 You know, we were nervous. It's our first time, and we didn't even play well. 
 And now, Magic got it out for Worthy... 
 What a play! Magic Johnson... 
 Sam Perkins hits a three at the end. 
 He's got it! 
 And the Bulls lose game one. 
 Everybody, including me, goes, "Lakers are gonna win this thing." 
 They beat us on our home court, but in our minds, we had a chance to beat them, and we didn't even play good. 
 We were looking forward to game two. 
 We are set for game two of the NBA Finals. 
 So, game two, Jordan goes nuts. 
 Over Scott. 
 Michael Jordan on fire. 
 He's got it. Twelve straight field goals for Michael Jordan! 
 Look away, to Levingston... Jordan... 
 Oh! A spectacular move by Michael Jordan! 
 That's 13 consecutive field goals! 
 The change of putting Pippen on Magic Johnson rather than Michael Jordan... 
 Johnson's the greatest point guard I've ever seen, and Scottie Pippen was picking Magic Johnson up full court. 
 Nobody did that. 
 Scottie accepted that challenge and I knew what Scottie was gonna do. 
 I see it in practice all the time. 
 He gets up in your face and he harasses you and... 
 Pip never let him get started. 
 The crowd reacts to Scottie Pippen who did a tremendous job in defending against Magic... 
 Once we did that in game two, we never looked back. 
 Jordan around Divac. 
 Chicago Bulls take a 2-1 lead in the best of seven. 
 And Teagle now one for six, and it leads to this! 
 The Chicago Bulls come away with a resounding victory. 
 In command virtually all the way. 
 And it's this simple, the Lakers have to win three in a row. 
 Game five, moments away. 
 Hello, I'm Bob Costas. 
 This is the Larry O'Brien Trophy. 
 All indications are that by evening's end, it'll be in the possession of the Chicago Bulls. 
 Game five was a great back-and-forth, back-and-forth game. 
 Magic fires for Smith... 
 Good recovery... 
 It counts! 
 Lakers with a one-point lead. 
 Jordan with a gorgeous move. 
 The Bulls lead it by three. 
 Magic... 
 Drops it off... 
 After three, the Bulls and the Lakers are tied at 80. 
 So, the fourth quarter, it's a precarious lead. 
 So, during a timeout, Phil asks Michael, "MJ, who's open?" And he goes, "Paxson." 
 He goes, "Then get him the ball." 
 You don't have to shoot that shot. 
 Run around to the point. 
 John's open right there. 
 You can still create. 
 All right? 
 He's hitting shots. 
 Phil said, you know, forcefully, "Paxson is open, get him the ball." 
 And I started looking for Paxson. 
 Everybody in the world's expecting Jordan to force something through a double team. 
 He doesn't do it. He draws and dishes. 
 Paxson open again... 
 He trusts his teammate to make the shot. 
 Once Pax hits that first shot, "Oh, okay. Fine. 
 Let me do this again. Penetrate, find Pax." 
 And he kept hitting 'em, kept hitting 'em. 
 Again! Eighteen for Paxson! 
 That was exactly what Phil was trying to get Michael to understand and believe in over the couple years, is that, "These other guys can help you out." 
 It is a two-point lead for Chicago. 
 Paxson! 
 Yes! John Paxson again! 
 The Chicago Bulls have won their first-ever NBA championship! 
 You did it the right way. 
 You did it the right way. 
 I love you. 
 Scottie... Yes! 
 When you get to that finish line and you know that you won... all those emotions that you wrapped up into, you can just let go. 
 I'm so happy. 
 Everybody knows... 
 Has the picture in their mind of when we beat Cleveland on that last shot and he's punching the air, he's all excited. 
 That's who we knew, the competitive Michael Jordan. 
 The win-at-all-costs Michael Jordan. 
 Sometimes we'd question whether he was human, whether he had feelings. 
 A guy that was totally focused on one thing and one thing only. 
 The only emotion we had ever seen out of him was anger or frustration. 
 We were literally stunned to see those emotions. 
 Seven-year struggle. 
 Seven-year struggle. 
 And when they beat us, well, we met in between both locker rooms, and he put his arms... and started crying. 
 He was so happy that he had won, that he busted through. 
 That was a special moment for him and myself. 
 It's a beautiful feeling. 
 If you're gonna lose, you lose to them. 
 I'm going to lose to Michael. 
 And that... That's how... how it should be. 
 At last, I fit somewhere in the category of Larry Bird and Magic Johnson. 
 sh1t! C'mon, drop my money down. 
 You said I can't show nobody what I give you. 
 No. We're here. Don't show it to anybody. Let me show it. 
 Yeah. 
 Denver. Denver. 
 How 'bout them Broncos? 
 Hey! Hey! Cheesehead! 
 Security. Security. 
 This man never gets sleep. 
 Dennis Rodman... Junior. Come on. 
 Hey, hey, don't say it on camera. 
 He never gets his sleep. Single man. Thinks he can hang out all night. 
 Hey, hey, don't put that on tape. 
 Don't put that on... Hey, M. 
 If he committed to one girl... M... 
 M, come on. It's a lie. 
 It's a lie, he's out every night. 
 Do not put this on tape right here. 
 Why not? Get some sleep, man! That's messed up. 
 I get a whole lot of sleep. 
 You've got a hangover this morning. No, I... M. 
 My mom and dad are gonna watch this, M. 
 Mom and dad, he's an alcoholic. 
 Hey. 
 Hey, hey, Phil, he can't work for the media and be on this plane. 
 Right here, see him? The highest-paid media guy in the world. 
 Come on, Ahmad makes more than me. 
 No. He wishes, though. He wishes he does. Believe me. 
 The FC finally won. 
 It's actually kind of like a sign of times are changing. 
 Might be changing the NBA, too. 
 While the Bulls were on the road, their GM took his shot back home. 
 Jerry Krause again made his plans for next season very clear. 
 Coach Jackson won't be back. And with Michael Jordan on record as saying he won't play for anyone other than Jackson, Krause told the Chicago Tribune, "If Michael chooses to leave because there is another coach here, then it's his choice, not ours. 
 We would love to have Michael back. 
 But Michael is going to have to play for someone else. 
 It isn't going to be Phil." 
 If Phil's not back, then certainly I'm not back. 
 So, I mean, you know, it doesn't leave me with any other choices, but not to play next year. 
 There's no room at all for you coming back under any other circumstances? 
 No. None. None at all. 
 The Bulls were dominating the east. 
 The east didn't seem to be a question. 
 The question was out west with the team that they had met in the finals the year before, Utah. 
 Now, keep in mind, this was probably a finals preview. 
 This is the litmus test. 
 Good evening. Welcome to the Delta Center. 
 The thing that's really surprising is the timing of that story by Jerry Krause. 
 Yeah, Dick, unfortunately, it's very cold. It's sad. 
 And if you really think about this, performance and loyalty, by the coaches and players, are being just thrown out the window. 
 And the Bulls starting out solidly, lead 8-2. 
 Here's Rodman, after Pippen got the loose ball, and Jordan hits the open shot! The Bulls are doing it all. 
 It has been all Bulls... 
 Great pass from Longley to a cutting Scottie Pippen. 
 And it's a 47-24 lead. 
 The Chicago Bulls are running the Jazz wild on the Jazz home court. 
 Loose ball, Karl Malone... 
 Dennis... There it is. 
 Down goes Malone and Rodman. 
 A double foul will be called. 
 You can see that this could ignite something here that we don't need. 
 The Jazz with a 7-0 run of their own here. 
 It's an eight-point game, believe it or not. 
 This is as close as the Jazz have come. 
 Malone over Pippen, he's got it. 
 He's got it, he's right. 
 - He's un... Yeah. Unstoppable. 
 Yes! And the Jazz have come back big! 
 Standing ovation for the Jazz, who had to fight way back in this game. 
 Utah Jazz ending up sweeping the Chicago Bulls this year, winning here in Salt Lake City. 
 But Jerry Krause, the big question is, "Why now, come out with a statement like this, at the All-Star break?" It's something for after the season. 
 I think it's just a bad case of judgment on his part. 
 This looks like a reality check for everybody. 
 Is this the end of the Bulls as we know them? 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 