Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x06 - Episode 6 - Tatau 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x06 - Episode 6 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=271&t=18357 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/11/15 03:04 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x06 - Episode 6 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Koringo will look after us. 
 Do you really want to go back to the island and marry him? 
 Yes! 
 Run! 
 He was acting as a courier, pearl smuggling. Our pearls? 
 You know, if anything goes wrong, we're dead. 
 You know, these biker gangs, they don't mess around. 
 Budge! 
 We need to cleanse him. 
 You've seen something. What did you see? What have you seen?! 
 You can't be trusted! 
 What have you done to me, mate? 
 I brought you back. 
 OK, not the way I had planned but... 
 I can bring back the dead. 
 I have to go back. 
 I'm not a killer. 
 If she's gone back to Manutaki, I have to go back, too. 
 This programme contains some violent scenes and contains some scenes which some viewers may find upsetting--  (She screams) 
 'It's a false vision. A false vision sent to sap your will. You are a good man. A saviour.' 
 (Beeping) 
 Fasten your seat belt! 
 Sir. Please fasten your seat belt. 
 (She groans in pain) 
 In Maori : 
 (Monitors beep) 
 Kyle, are you getting soppy over a sock? 
 Jesus, Budge, you scared the crap out of me! 
 I am never going to get tired of doing that! 
 Or this. 
 Those are lovely sarongs. 
 They'd look even better on my bedroom floor! 
 Cool, huh? 
 Budgie, women have pretty much always just ignored you. 
 Yeah, I know. 
 But it's a lot less wounding when you're actually invisible. 
 You know, it could be useful having you here. 
 A covert set of eyes and ears. 
 It's time to leave for church, Papa. 
 Yeah, I'll be right there. 
 He's always on that phone shouting at someone. 
 Don't you think you should keep a closer eye on him? 
 He's my son, Aumea. 
 He stole from you. 
 He lied, to us all. 
 Everything we have, our family, our house, it's all based on our reputation. 
 So, what? The smuggling's OK as long as nobody finds out? 
 He's made some bad decisions for good reasons. 
 Now he's come to his senses. 
 Just as you have about Kyle. 
 Dude, this lot pretty much waterboarded you. Remember? 
 It'll be different this time. 
 How do you know? 
 Because now at least I know what they're capable of. 
 For the Lord himself will descend from Heaven with a cry of command. 
 And the dead in Christ will rise first. 
 And we who are alive will be caught together to meet the Lord in the air... 
 Maui! 
 (He speaks in Maori) 
 If they can't see you... they can't kill you. 
 It seems we have an unexpected visitor. 
 I'm here to apologise... for the way I acted. 
 I can see now that I made a terrible mistake. 
 But if you can find it in your hearts to forgive me... I know I can make it up to you. 
 Well, our door is always open to you, just as the heart of the Lord remains open to all sinners. 
 Let us rejoice in song! 
 (They sing in Maori) 
 Nice work. 
 (Singing continues) 
 Faintly : Help me... 
 (Singing continues) 
 She can barely look at me. 
 Well, right now you're just a crazy bloke talking to himself, which probably isn't helping. 
 She's got to trust me somehow. 
 Well, I'm not quite sure you've given her much reason to do that. 
 She doesn't give her trust readily. 
 Nor easily forgive once it's been betrayed. 
 I wonder what it is you could have done that has hurt her so badly? 
 I wasn't well. 
 I was confused. 
 Well, I'm sorry, but the turmoil that's going on inside your head needs to stay there. 
 It's causing too much trouble already. 
 Ooh! 
 Well, that's you told, boy. 
 Whispering : Incoming. 
 That was pretty brave, in the church. 
 Thanks. Look... 
 I'm really sorry, about everything. 
 About what happened at the beach and to your mate. 
 He was a really sweet guy. 
 He IS a really sweet guy. 
 He's not dead. 
 No. Of course not. 
 I'm sorry. 
 You heard that, right? 
 Didn't I tell you she liked me? 
 Right. While you keep an eye on the family... I'm going to go see what she's up to. 
 That westerner...just walks in like that. 
 It certainly wasn't what any of us were expecting. 
 He's unpredictable, to say the least. Unstable, you mean. 
 You don't know anything about him, or what he's been through. 
 A man prophesises your death and stalks you like you're an antelope, and you're defending him. 
 That makes you either crazy or infatuated, Aumea. 
 Pearls from your farm end up smuggled and on the black market. 
 That makes you either incompetent or bent, Maui. Which is it? 
 Since when have you been so devout? 
 Since when have you? 
 I got baptised. 
 Or perhaps you'd forgotten. 
 They shouldn't have done that to you. 
 God doesn't want anyone doing sh1t like that. 
 So you know what God wants now, do you? 
 'Cause last week you were an expert on tavi and s*x. 
 I'll be anything to anyone when needs must. 
 I lost my job, Kyle. 
 I got chucked out of my home. 
 Short of sleeping on the beach I didn't exactly have a lot of options. 
 I'm sorry. 
 No, you're not. 
 You left for her. 
 And you came back for her. 
 And nothing else matters, does it? 
 Remind me never to get on the wrong side of you. 
 Maui was asking for it. 
 I know. I'm on your side, remember? 
 You're always so calm about everything. 
 Nothing seems to get to you. 
 Why should it? 
 In two days' time... 
 I'll have everything I've ever wanted. 
 'You know, I'm sick of her lack of respect.' 
 She might as well have accused me outright. 
 Hey. She's worried. 
 People are talking, Maui. 
 You know I respect you, ey? 
 Yeah. 
 What are we respecting exactly? 
 His sparkling wit? 
 Are you coming in? Say no. 
 No. 
 No, I've got... 
 I've got stuff that needs doing. 
 You're really going to leave me to shower all alone? 
 I'm sorry. 
 I'm sorry, it's urgent stuff. 
 You're even more of a meathead than I thought you were. 
 See ya. 
 'You should go.' 
 Calcott isn't quite as forgiving as you think he is. 
 He thinks he's seen an angel and the gates of heaven are going to open. 
 Him and every other fanatic. 
 He reckons it's going to happen on Aumea's wedding day. 
 How do you know all this? 
 He's got a journal. 
 It's all about the End of Days and how you have a part to play. 
 Can you get it for me? 
 Kyle, it's too risky. 
 Calcott will be back any minute. 
 I need to see that book. 
 It's in the crypt, right? 
 Unless he's got it with him, yes. 
 But he's locked the door! 
 You are a bad man, Budge. 
 But you may also be a dying man, and everyone deserves a last wish. 
 Kyle : 'It's no good, I'll have to kick it in. 
 What? Kyle, is that you? 
 'Hurry up. There isn't much time.' 
 I need someone to stand guard and shout if someone's coming. 
 On it. 
 Come on! 
 Let's at least look for the key. 
 If you find it let me know. 
 Oh, sh1t. 
 Oh! Come on! 
 Kyle, this is crazy! 
 Kyle, he's on his way. 
 You need to bounce! 
 He's coming, let's go. 
 What? How do you know? 
 Of course she's the only woman in the world that gets showered quickly. 
 What other possible outcome could there be? 
 (Phone buzzes) 
 Hauraki, I was just about to call. 
 Look, I'm sorry, it's hard to find a good time to talk without blowing cover. 
 Of course I can bring you the intel, but it's too soon to shut down the operation. 
 When are you coming? 
 Tomorrow? 
 Well, You're a right little minx, aren't ya? 
 (He sighs) 
 Thank God, man. 
 I didn't think you were coming. 
 (He pants) 
 Not too long now. 
 They'll be here tomorrow and this will all be over. 
 You mean my life on the island will be over? 
 Oh, I'm sorry... 
 I'm sorry about the way things have turned out, but you'll land on your feet. 
 You always do. 
 Well, I guess that all depends on your ability to sniff out a rotten oyster, huh? 
 I've told them to look after you, they'll look after you. 
 I was just locking up. 
 We shouldn't really leave it unlocked. 
 Did I hear voices? 
 Just mine. 
 Sometimes I forget that the Lord hears us... whether we speak the words aloud or not. 
 He speaks to us, too, if we listen. 
 Today... I have listened, Tyler. 
 You've had another revelation? 
 I have. 
 And what were you told? 
 I believed... that only the good have a part to play in God's plan. 
 But in truth... the wicked also have their part. 
 Do you mean me? 
 No, Tyler. 
 'I mean, those for whom judgment will be harsh when it comes.' 
 'But before it does, 
 'their violence and destruction has a righteous role to play.' 
 You are not going to believe what I have just found out! 
 Calcott thinks I'm part of some sort of Day of Judgment. 
 Yeah, well, Calcott's bat sh1t crazy, as we all know. 
 Please tell me you're not buying into that. 
 Course not. 
 OK. Well, if we can just put a pin in that narcissistic little nugget for a moment... 
 Lara is only an undercover police officer. 
 Which, aside from making her even hotter than she was, means? 
 Maui's up to his neck in the smuggling. 
 This is perfect. It means we can trust her. She's a real cop. 
 Not in the family's pocket like Taringa. 
 But more importantly, she's only pretending to go out with Maui. 
 She's effectively single, Kyle. 
 When I get back here for real I'm going to totally go for it with her, bro. 
 What? 
 Nothing. 
 No. There's definitely something. 
 You were hurt pretty bad, Budge. 
 The doctors didn't seem that convinced that you're ever coming back. 
 You think I'm going to die? 
 No! 
 No, of course not. 
 But the doctors do? 
 Hey! 
 Who cares what they think? 
 They don't know you're standing here having this conversation with me right now, do they? Hey? 
 Or how you just saved my arse at the church back there. 
 You're not exactly the average patient. 
 No, I suppose not. 
 We've got work to do, Budge. 
 We're unstoppable like this, you and me. 
 Why do you think Kyle came back? 
 Because he thinks he loves you. 
 Oh, really, he only THINKS he loves me? 
 Of course. 
 Love doesn't grow in a matter of days or weeks. It's like a pearl, Aumea. It requires time and the right set of circumstances. It's the reward of patient men. 
 Patient men like you? 
 Exactly. 
 
 
 
 Kyle : 'Oh, come on, Budge, where are you at? Hurry up!' 
 Kyle, I am not a dog! 
 What's going on in there? 
 Put it this way, she didn't exactly look like a girl who's being forced into marriage. 
 More like a girl who can't wait until the wedding night to get jiggy. 
 I'm sorry, man. 
 I need to speak to her. 
 Yeah, cos that always goes so well(!) 
 (Toilet flushes) 
 Shh! I'm not going to hurt you. 
 I promise. Shh! 
 If I let you go, do you promise not to scream? 
 Unless you want to be wearing this, I suggest you get out of here! 
 Aumea, please. I would never hurt you. You believe that, don't you? 
 Just tell me what you're doing here. 
 I found out Calcott's mixed up in this whole thing. 
 I needed to warn you not to trust him. 
 I don't know who to trust. 
 Me, Aumea. You can trust me. 
 Tell me what you saw. 
 The day you fled Koringo's. 
 What was it that scared you so much? 
 Nothing. It was, it was nothing important. I was there, Kyle. 
 I saw what it did to you, so I know you're talking sh1t. 
 And if you're lying to me... Kyle! 
 I saw myself killing someone. 
 Not you. 
 It was Koringo. 
 I want you to leave. 
 Aumea... I'm serious, Kyle. 
 (Door closes) 
 (Monitors beep) 
 His vitals are dropping. 
 Adrenaline, now! 
 sh1t! 
 Sorry, just keep back, please. 
 What's happening to him? 
 His blood pressure's dropping. 
 We're doing all we can. 
 Koringo, no! Stop! Stop it! 
 Dad! 
 Koringo! That's enough! 
 He was in here when I came in. 
 I didn't invite him. 
 That's the truth. 
 So if you want to call the police, go ahead. 
 That's not going to get any less locked cos you keep doing that. 
 Where the hell have you been? 
 You were supposed to be on lookout. 
 I was in New Zealand. 
 At the hospital. 
 Yeah, well you picked a pretty sh1t time for a day trip, Budge. 
 Kyle, I almost died again. It was serious. Even Mum had flown over. 
 The doctors were running around like lunatics. My mum was freaking out, which was weird cause I never even knew she cared that much! 
 I'm not going to let anything happen to you. 
 But what if you can't stop it, Kyle? 
 You're not even there. 
 I just know we're meant to do this and we're meant to do it together. 
 I don't know which one of these symbols on my arm means "best mate", but one of them must. 
 Because everything I'm doing right now has already been written and I can't do any of it without you. 
 Because you're written into it. 
 You believe me, right? 
 Yeah. Stupidly, I do. 
 He talks of Aumea's death and then he breaks into her room. 
 She isn't safe while he's here. 
 I agree. It's about time this young man was off the island for good. 
 Aye! And what will we achieve by banishing him? 
 We'll never find out what all this is about. 
 She's right. 
 It isn't enough to just send him away. 
 He's disrespected us, our culture, your family. 
 There needs to be a reckoning. 
 'We are about to reach the precipice, Kyle.' 
 They're going to kill me, aren't they? 
 They're going to offer you a challenge. 
 They want to test you. 
 To see if you're worthy of the marks you bear. 
 I am. 
 Then now is your chance to prove it, to further strengthen your powers. 
 They've got some seriously suicidal stuff in store for you, bro. 
 He already knows. 
 Yeah, well, does he also know that no-one's ever completed it? 
 Until now. 
 What? 
 No-one has ever completed it until now. 
 You begged for our forgiveness in the house of the Lord, and we gave it to you. 
 Now, what kind of man takes that forgiveness and throws it in our faces like this? 
 A man who is not being listened to. 
 You have our attention now, Kyle. 
 I'm not doing this because I want to disrespect you. 
 I'm doing it because I have no choice. 
 You're still convinced that Aumea is in danger? 
 Actually, no. 
 But only because I'm going to save her. 
 Kyle, you might want to rein it in a bit, yeah? 
 These guys aren't pissing about. 
 You talk about how much your tradition and your culture means to you, but you're very quick to ignore them. 
 Why don't you go the whole hog and diss their mums! 
 I arrived here with markings on my arms that I couldn't possibly have chosen at random. 
 Something made me choose them, something more powerful than any of us. 
 I've seen other symbols, too. 
 But I see them in my dreams. 
 Faintly : 'Help...help me...' 
 What symbols? 
 Give me a pen and paper and I can show you. 
 No-one's interested in your dreams. 
 I am. 
 Pen and paper. 
 Warrior thinks he's an ariki. 
 Wow! Wow, wow. 
 Now I've heard it all. 
 Look, he doesn't even know what it means! 
 You've just drawn the symbol of a high caste, someone under divine protection. 
 Does that sound like you, Kyle? 
 I don't think the symbols show what I am. 
 I think they show what I will become. 
 I know that must be earned. 
 And how are you going to do that, exactly? 
 By completing the challenge you're about to set me. 
 If I fail the test, you'll put me on a plane and I'll promise never to come back here. 
 But if I succeed, you'll let me stay. 
 Long enough to work out who's trying to hurt Aumea, anyway. 
 If he thinks he's a warrior, let's allow him to try and prove it. 
 I'd be happy to take him on. No. 
 It should be me. 
 No, Koringo. 
 So be it. 
 We'll begin the preparations and return for you when we're ready. 
 But you should know that I'm not agreeing to this because I believe in your visions or your symbols or the fact that you're an ariki. 
 I think you do believe in those delusions and it's time someone cured you of them. 
 (He exhales) 
 As soon as the sun clears the horizon you will begin. 
 The first man to swim to the far island, harvest a natural pearl from the reef and return, will be declared the victor. 
 Are you going to the beach? 
 As much as I'd love to see that sick b*st*rd get his ass kicked, I've got work to do. 
 Is that what you think he is? 
 Sick. 
 Well, he's pretty obsessed with my sister, don't you think? 
 I think that's what love does. 
 Drives you mad, makes you do things you didn't know you were capable of. 
 You know there's nothing you couldn't tell me, yeah? 
 If you were mixed up in anything that you shouldn't be. Like what? 
 Pearl smuggling, perhaps? 
 I'd forgive you. 
 I can understand how, in your position, it might be easy to make a mistake. 
 Is that what you think? 
 That I'm that stupid? 
 Or desperate. 
 You have a lot to live up to. 
 Letting the pearl farm go under, that isn't an option. 
 You have to protect the people you love. 
 I shouldn't have grassed on you about the avatavi. 
 Don't worry about it. 
 I guess I just... 
 I felt a little jealous... and I wanted to make you suffer. 
 But now I know you're not interested in Kyle, it's OK. 
 (Indistinct whispering) 
 (Indistinct whispering) 
 (Indistinct whispering) 
 (He pants) 
 Are you so deluded you think you can possibly beat me? 
 We're not evenly matched adversaries, Kyle. Not even close. 
 (He screams) 
 Jesus Christ. Kyle, are you OK? 
 Yeah. 
 What if I can't change it? 
 Change what, Kyle? 
 Any of it. The stuff I've seen. 
 I only came back because I thought I could change it. 
 But so far it's happened just as I predicted. You cannot change it. 
 Not yet. Then she's going to die. 
 Which is why you must win the challenge. To complete your powers. 
 To save her. 
 'You can save her, Kyle. 
 'You can save her!' 
 (He gasps) 
 You can do this, mate! 
 There's nothing down there! 
 Stop looking with your eyes. 
 Start looking with your mind. 
 I don't know how to do that. 
 Close your eyes and allow yourself to be guided. 
 'A true warrior has no need for sight.' 
 Kyle! 
 You can't stay under that long, it isn't safe! 
 'You must block out all voices that distract you from your task.' 
 Faint : Kyle! Kyle! 
 Block him out. 
 Argh! 
 I can't do this! 
 This is madness, Kyle! 
 You're going to drown yourself! 
 'Block him out!' Kyle! 
 'This is your last chance to save her, Kyle. 
 'Accept defeat now and you're condemning her to death. 
 'Can you live with that?' 
 Kyle! 
 (She screams) 
 Save me! Save me! 
 Kyle! 
 Matikutu, I did it! 
 (She sighs) 
 I did it, Budge! 
 There's something suss about this, mate. What do you mean "suss"? 
 I don't know. In the water. 
 It was like Koringo wasn't really trying or something. 
 What? 
 Why would he not try? 
 Maybe he doesn't really want you to leave. 
 And you know what else? 
 I reckon Koringo can see me and he's just not letting on. No. 
 That's impossible. 
 I beat him, Budge. 
 I beat him fair and square. 
 Dries! 
 Come on, let's go! 
 It's about time, man. 
 I was starting to... Worry? 
 (Crack) 
 Is that all of it? 
 Yeah. 
 'Turns out he's clean.' 
 He was a ticking time bomb. 
 And now... he's diffused. 
 Let's hope he's the only one needs doing. 
 It's a natural one, all right. 
 Quite extraordinary. 
 In Maori : It's done. Everything is in place. 
 You know what to do? 
 KYLE! 
 Shh, shh, shh, shh. 
 It's OK. It's OK. 
 You don't understand. I need to tell Kyle! Try not to speak. 
 Kyle. I need to tell Kyle! 
 'I've got to tell Kyle. 
 I've got to warn him! 
 'Kyle!' 
 What else have you been lying to me about? 
 Do you love him? 
 It is in Aumea's soul that her salvation lies. 
 You need me. 
 What did happen to Dries, Maui? 
 (He yells) 
 He's drunk. I can't talk him down, you should go. 
 If I can change the future and make sure none of this happens, why wait? 
 Because you don't yet know how! 
 Someone's taken it. 
 Kyle was here. 
 I am the one person in his way. 
 (He yells) 
 (Singing in Maori) 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 