Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x03 - Episode 3 - Tatau 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x03 - Episode 3 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=271&t=17992 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/27/15 04:18 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x03 - Episode 3 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 How could I have imagined someone I've never met before? 
 It's going to happen. Everything I've seen will happen to her. 
 Someone's going to kill you. They'll drown you, in that dress. 
 It's my wedding tattoo. 
 That means I'm right. 
 The first time I ever saw you and that tattoo was when I drank the Avatavi. 
 You ain't a sodding mate, Budge. 
 I needed it! 
 I've just saved your sanity! 
 You're cracking up, mate, can't you see that? 
 This is what it does to you! And you want to take more! 
 Maybe this time I'll see who did it. And why. 
 I have seen her death, but you will prevent it. 
 (Whispering) 
 Kyle, Kyle.... 
 (Birds squawk) 
 (Low growling) Ah! (Low growling) (Kyle screams) (Kyle gasps) Oh. Kyle? Hey, it's OK. Just relax, OK? Are you still tripping? What did you see? How did you get here? What happened last night? Erm... remember the girl who stopped you running naked through reception? And then persuaded the manager not to call the police? No? So, was it worth it, then? Did you solve the big mystery? Ah, I don't know yet. I need to talk to Aumea. Guess I'll be having breakfast by myself, then. I'll make it up to you. OK? I'm sorry. Lunch by the beach? I'll hold you to that. You going to sign off on this, boss? How about we sample the new Pilsner? Not today. Some upokoure gave the westerner more tavi last night. You know me, boss. Your tavi interests are my tavi interests. No way I'd rattle your cage like that. I'll ask around. See what I can find out. And what about that other thing? I'm still working on it. Right, come on. We're leaving. I'll pack your clean stuff, but anything soiled is your department. Did Maui bust your balls for hitting on his girlfriend? It's not me Maui will be after. Apparently the whole island knows about your antics last night, so, not only will Maui be dusting off his knuckle-duster, but Dries will be taking his stash. Look, I know you're pissed off with me about the tavi thing, but I can't sit by and watch Rambo come back for round two. I'm not pissed off with you. You're not? I get you were trying to help. So does that mean you'll get of this island with me? Do you know where Kopeka Cave is? I hope that's a code for "yes." I spoke to the chief last night. He told me he's Aumea's ancestor from, like 200 years ago. This could be the thing that finally convinces her family I'm not a nutter. Telling them you had a chat with a dead guy? Because that's totally normal. Let's see what Aumea says. I'm the one in trouble, mate. Not you. Aumea. Your mum wants to look over seating plans for the wedding. Tell her I'm sure it's fine. I've got a meeting with my ta'unga. Wasn't that this afternoon? You're meeting Kyle again. You know Maui told me someone gave him tavi again last night, after everything that's happened. He thinks it was Dries. Or Tyler, one of the many girls he's been hitting on. He's a player, Aumea. He can't be trusted. I'm not scared of him. Aumea, come on. I wasn't sure you'd come. I promised you, didn't I? You haven't told anyone who gave you the tavi? I promised you, didn't I? I saw the old guy last night, the one with the centipede down his back. He said his name was Matikutu. Matikutu? Aumea, he told me he's your great, great grandfather. I know it sounds crazy. Was this after you took the tavi? No, after the tavi, I had another vision. I was being chased through the jungle by these bikers, nearly drowned in a pool... I don't understand. There are no pools on the island, nor bikers. Whatever it was, it can't have been happening here. But it was! It started in this stone circle. I've been there before. What did it look like? Big, small? Were the stones upright, flat on the ground? You think I'm making it up? No, no. I know where it is. I just want to let you know, I don't make a habit of this kind of thing. Believe it or not, my life was pretty normal before I came here. My life was pretty normal before YOU came here. (Imaginary screams) Kyle, look at this. They're exactly the same. What did the tribes use these places for? Religious ceremonies, initiations... sacrifices. I promise, I won't let anything happen to you. (Bushes rustle) Go, go, go! That's Peckham. What's he doing? (Twig snaps) (She shushes him) What are you doing? I don't know. Lara was right about you. Aumea, I'm sorry. I didn't mean anything by it! What about the stuff the chief said?! A spirit only YOU can see. Come back to me when he's giving you some answers. Otherwise, don't bother. Aumea! Hey! Look... I got you the sexiest one. (She laughs) Apparently it's sea turtle mating season. You haven't told anyone about who gave me that stuff last night, have you? No. What makes you think I'd do that? You still feeling it, huh? I don't know. Maybe I just need to eat. Well, I hate to say it, but... that's what you get when you buy your hallucinogens from untrusted suppliers. (She chuckles) Or maybe Aumea slipped something into it? Bump you off before you bump her. She wouldn't do that. I know, it's... It's a joke. Hey, do you still want this extra tank or not? No, just the one. Aumea, again you're depriving us. Sorry, I was just being nosy. I thought you weren't interested in "dead people from our past." (He chuckles) Papa, does the name "Matikutu" mean anything to you? Why do you ask? Oh, just something my ta'unga said. No, I haven't heard that name before. So, erm, how's Koringo today? Busy... being in demand. You know how pleased we are you found somebody who makes you happy? He does make you happy, doesn't he? Yes, of course he does. That's good, that's the main thing. It's a doner kebab. Budge, the place over there does the freshest fish in the South Pacific. The night we bought our plane tickets... we went out with Chas... Skinny and Skinny's sister. That was one of the top five nights of all time. You tried to get off with her and she threw her drink in your face. Apart from that. You spent the whole time talking about the things you wanted to do when we got here. Swimming with sharks, bungee jumping, eating kangaroo. And we bought one of these. What happened to THAT Kyle? Nothing happened to him. You know... getting off the island isn't just about saving you a kicking. What do you mean? (Ominous breathy music) There he is. Kyle, I've got something to tell... Kyle? There's no-one there. (Lighter sparks) Heard you guys had a good party last night? Booze drunk, clothes removed. Shame they weren't yours, man. (He chuckles and snorts) I'm just playing around, man. Relax, sit down, sit. Come on, sit down. Come. Was it Tyler you were looking for? Cos I think I saw her going... I know you and Kyle were in my house last night. If you're talking about the tavi... I'm not talking about the tavi, no. OK, I took them. But you can have them back. It was a split second decision. I owe someone a lot of money back home. I'll go and get them. Keep them. I want you to take them to the mainland and deliver them to some friends of mine. It's a hotel near to the airport. Wait there and they'll find you. I don't know that... If you don't do this, Maui will gut you like a fish. (Mimics a sharp slicing sound) Hm... There's a plane leaving later. Make sure you're on it. Where are you taking me? Why can't we talk back there? (Echoing voice) I'm not taking you anywhere. You are going to lead us to the pool. You know about my dream? Huh! Dreams are created in the mind. What you experienced... was planted. OK, what does that mean? What's so special about the pool? Why not go back to the marae? You saw Aumea dead in the water, did you not? Is that all you have to tell me? The future... is hazy through my eyes. But you have the true gift of second sight. You've heard the words "ta'unga no te vaerua?" "Shaman" in your language. I work in sales in Croydon. The marae you visited was the meeting place of a disgraced tribe. And you want to know why your symbols match the stone? Perhaps it's because you, too, need to redeem yourself? By saving Aumea? The pool exists. It is your job to find it. 
 
 (Chief mutters to himself) (They speak own language) It should be here. They chased me through the clearing. You're not working hard enough. You need outside help, until at least you've learned to harness your powers. No, no more tavi. This jungle covers four million square metres and it offers more than just tavi. (Centipede legs scamper) How do I know I can trust you? These berries will make you sick. But they may also help you save Aumea. Tyler! Tyler, have you seen Kyle? No. Excuse me, have you seen my friend? Er, about this tall, brown hair, annoyingly good-looking? (They laugh) No. Stupidly attractive white guy? Have you seen him? No, sorry. (Fish guts squelch) What do you think you're doing? Relieving you of your duties. (Dries tuts) You don't work here any more. Huh! Dries, I'm really not in the mood. And if you don't work here, you don't have a room here. So, you better find yourself a new one. Perhaps Kyle's? Only two people know where I keep my tavi stash. Yeah, and? And everyone knows you had a little party with Kyle last night. He was doing tavi and now my supply has been "mysteriously" stolen. You think I'd risk my job for a casual fling? (He chuckles) Come on. It's obvious how you feel about him. Except now... (Mock sympathetic tone) Aw, he's found a new toy in Aumea. Hm? But you just wanted to slip him a bit of the good stuff, huh? Bring him back into the fold. See, I think you're confusing me with you. (He scoffs) Don't get all virginal on me. We both know it's not your style. It was Aumea, OK? Aumea gave it to him. Aumea gave who what? I'm back. We need to have a talk. We know you met with the European boy this morning. And we know you provided him with tavi. I know you think he's dangerous, but he predicted my tattoo before anyone had seen it. Lara saw the picture he drew. Picture or no picture, Pepe, it's not enough of a reason to make yourself vulnerable! Or visit strangers' rooms late at night. What are you trying to say? Enough, Maui. He's trying to make my virtue the issue when it's his tavi that Kyle drank. Aumea, has Kyle experienced any more events? What difference does it make? Hey! Leave it, Maui. If we put him on a boat, he'll be in Raratonga by midnight. Maui, please. We must not send a sinner away. Well, what do you suggest we do? It is the spirit, rather than the body, that we must target. We need to cleanse him. Drive the demons out of him. (Heartbeat pulses) (Spirits echo) What do you see? Nothing. Concentrate. Do not resist it. Allow the visions to come to you. We must find the pool. (Voices whisper) The idols - they're whispering. They're all I can hear. I think they're trying to tell me something. What do they say? I don't know. Concentrate. (Voices grunt and whisper) (Hearbeat pulses faster) Stop whispering! Tell me what you're saying! (Silence) (Heartbeat slows) Idols : Momoke... Momoke. Yeah, I'm looking at it now. A couple of drug charges before the Dutch went all peace and love, but nothing else. Will you give the guys in Amsterdam a call for me and ring me back? Yeah, OK. Hi. Why have you been keeping secrets from me? You knew she was meeting him. Maui, you know what Aumea's like. What good would it have done worrying you? It's not about worrying me or what Aumea's like. We're supposed to be a team. Hey, we are a team. It just... It just makes me wonder what else you're hiding from me, you know. (Lara's phone vibrates) That's my work phone. You really want to know how the sperm whales are feeding today? Here, check all you like. Just don't take Aumea's side over mine again, OK? OK. Where are my keys? Has someone taken them? I wouldn't deceive you like that. I never set out to lie to you. The name you asked me about earlier... is that something to do with Kyle? He told me he's been seeing a spirit with a centipede tattoo, apparently, a distant ancestor. Why don't we have another look through my albums? See if we can find this "Matikutu"? If nothing else, I'll get to embarrass you with your baby photos. (He chuckles) These aren't old enough. We need 19th century, colonial era. Well, this is the last one. We've been through everything. It's a good thing though, isn't it? I mean to say, none of us want Kyle to be ill, but it would be a whole lot worse if he was telling the truth. I'll be on my way now. (Door shuts) Don't spend too much longer on it. Kyle. Kyle! What happened? I've got to find Budgie. He'll be wondering where I am. Kyle, listen, Aumea wants to speak to you. But she doesn't trust me. Maui found out Aumea gave you the tavi. Tyler told him. Budgie's a big boy. He'll survive another hour without you. Where is it exactly that we're going? Where's Aumea? Forgive our deception, my child. Sometimes it is necessary to commit a sin in order to facilitate greater goodness. We only wish to unburden you of the weight of your demons. Talking to Auema will unburden me. Nothing you can do will change my mind. Father, we commit this tortured soul to baptism, that he may be washed in the waters of your mercy. Where is everyone? (He gasps) You should have left when I told you the first time, yeah. Hey! Stop! What the hell are you doing?! You could've drowned him. Kyle? Kyle, are you OK? (Kyle struggles for breath) Kyle? Kyle... What do you care? This is all your fault anyway. What? I told you not tell anyone. Sorry. Sorry. Excuse me. I thought you'd like to know I found someone. The pearls - they'll be off the island by tonight. Our friends will get their delivery and you'll get your payment. A tourist? The mate of the one causing the trouble. Budgie. Are you stupid?! You know if anything goes wrong we're dead? Whoa, nothing's going to go wrong, boss. It better not. You know, these biker gangs - they don't mess around. What have they done to you? I promise I had no idea. It doesn't matter either way. All that matters is that they won't believe me. I found it in my father's study. It's him, isn't it? My family don't believe you, but I do. So, what do we do now? First, we get you cleaned up and then we get out of here. The last flight's in an hour. We'll be safer on the mainland. My brother's always been like this. There's nothing he thinks his fists won't solve. Makes me glad I don't have siblings. Your parents stopped at you? I wonder why. They couldn't have kids. I was adopted. It's OK. They, they were great. I'm sorry for earlier. For everything. We should go. We can work things out from Rotorua. My fiance will look after us. Aumea... thank you. You got my note?! Yeah. Let's get out of here, mate. I promise, man, this is the end of all that crazy sh1t. We leave all that "I see dead girls in the sea from the future" stuff here, right? Not exactly. Thanks very much. Thank you. Hauraki, it's me. We've got a consignment of black pearls being smuggled onto flight NQ208. The passenger's name is Mr Peter Griffiths. AKA - Budgie. You know the great thing about the mainland? There are more girls? More distance. It's two thousand miles away. Here's to never coming back. (Plane engines rev up) You've put a massive target on our backs. You've got to get rid of the pearls and then that's the end of it. The voices are back. They're getting louder. Maybe we should take you to a doctor? Where's my friend? I swear - if you don't hand him over I'm calling the police. Boys! We've got some new toys. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 