Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x10 - Let the Games Begin - Under the Dome 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x10 - Let the Games Begin https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=8&t=10641 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/27/13 19:00 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x10 - Let the Games Begin 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 JULIA:  Chester's Mill is a place like any other. 
 At least it used to be until we were cut off from the rest of the world by a mysterious dome. (cows bellowing) Invisible, indestructible, and completely inescapable. We're trapped. JULIA:  We don't know where it came from or why it's here,  but now that we're all trapped  under the dome together, none of our secrets are safe. Hi, Jimmy. BIG JIM:  Rapture is your product, Max. Which I never could've gotten off the ground without my secret ingredient. Liquid propane. This town seems to have a hell of a lot of it. Duke knew about this? He didn't want you to know. LINDA: Duke? What the hell were you up to? MAX:  The pillow talk between you and Julia is gonna be  done when she finds out you murdered her husband. You're not bulletproof, Max. I have an insurance policy in place. Anything bad happens to me, your secrets still come out. (plate clatters) 
Angie. The pink stars are falling in lines. JOE:  Norrie and I have had  the exact same seizure. DODEE:  The yagi  stopped working after Joe and Norrie touched the dome the other day. I still don't trust those two. Guess I was sleepwalking. But why did I bring this thing here? (birds chirping) (groans) 
No sleepwalking. Good boy. (gasps) What the... Sorry. Joe, look what's inside the mini-dome. Whoa. ANGIE: Will you guys shut up? Angie, the egg has a visitor. That's a caterpillar. But it wasn't there last night. Maybe it was under the dirt. Trapped inside like the big dome trapped us. JOE: Wherever it came from, it was no accident. Look at those black and white and yellow stripes. Yeah? And? It's a caterpillar that will turn into a monarch butterfly. "The monarch will be crowned." Julia heard that when she touched this thing out in the woods. JOE: Maybe she'll know what this means. No, we all agreed not to tell her that we have it. Yeah, but she might be the fourth handprint this mini-dome needs to do... whatever it's gonna do. Like... turn off the dome. Okay, but Julia hasn't had seizures. (sighs) 
Yeah. Okay. (deep whirring) (deep whirring) (deep whirring) (crackling, zapping) We still have to find whoever the fourth handprint belongs to. Someone with seizures. (buzzing) 
We should find others who've had them. ♪ (knocking) (door opens, creaks) Hello, Barbie. You're up early. We need to talk about Max. Sounds like someone's not too happy to see her yesterday. And you were? Woman's a... piece of work, isn't she? (chuckles) 
More than I knew. Care to, uh... share exactly how it is you two are in business together? Sure. Right after you do. (chuckles) Well, then, enemy of my enemy, what are we gonna do? We can't really move against her with the dirt she says she has on the both of us. Unless... we get rid of whatever this insurance policy is. But where would that be? Well, she says she's staying at a house whose owners got trapped outside the dome. No. No, she's too smart for that. You know, she's got this, uh, legitimate real estate company. The... Osiris Corporation. Buys homes mostly in Westlake, but I know she's got a few here. That's worth a look. Yeah. You know which houses are hers? The town clerk's office got record. I'll, uh... go check it out. You mean, so you can... you can bury your secrets and leave mine out there in the open for the world to see. You think I'd screw you over? You're a used car salesman, Jim. Sure. We'll go together. (door opens) Yeah, I'm seeing at least a dozen houses here that were purchased by the Osiris Corporation. Most of those Max remodeled and flipped 'em within a year but, uh... not this one. Bought it in 2005. Never put back on the market. It's on Bird Island? Yeah. It's in the middle of Lake Eastpointe but still under the dome. Only a few vacation homes out there. Not a bad place to hide whatever it is she says she's got on us. Probably shouldn't go unarmed. You don't think I'd let Max have all the guns, do you? MAX: Uh-oh. What are you two doing? Should I be worried? No, just some town business. You know, there are things going on here that don't involve you. Mm, for now anyway. Here you go. (paper crinkles) "Espresso"? "Dark chocolate, silk-infused conditioner"? I like my luxuries. Just because this damn dome came down doesn't mean I'm gonna do without. There's abandoned houses. I'm sure you can find some of that stuff. No, I'm not... I'm not doing your shopping. No. Just Jimmy. You and I have other business to attend to. MAX: Or if you want, I can reveal all your dirty laundry and then we can see how that goes. Barbie, let's go. (footfalls departing) (camera shutter clicking) (zapping, deep whirr) (boom) 
(screams) (high-pitched whine) What the hell was that? It sounded like thunder. Dodee... (groans) 
JOE: Dodee? Are you all right? Where am I? We're at the clinic. We brought you here. Well, what happened to me? You don't remember? (groans) I remember... 
(hisses) electricity. Was it... was it the generator outside the radio station? Yeah, that's right. We found you by your generator outside the radio station. We were passing by and we heard a noise. And then we found you with that burn on your hand. Yeah. Yeah, I-I guess that's the last thing I remember was, was being there. NURSE ADAMS: Dodee. What... happened to her? We think she got zapped by a generator. Did she lose consciousness? For, like, 20 minutes. (exhales) All right, well, thanks for bringing her in. I'll take good care of her. Nurse Adams. Do you know anyone else who's had seizures lately? Besides Joe and I. Not since your tenth grade dance, Angie. What does that mean? What's wrong? Angie! Hello? Anyone here? (rattling, rustling) (sigh) 
Hello? Hello? Linda. Hey. Uh, I'm just looking for Barbie. Is he around? I haven't seen him. What's going on? A while back, you spoke with Andrea Grinnell about some weird stuff going on at the propane warehouse, right? Yeah. Did you ever follow up on it? Honestly I thought she was kind of loopy. And then everything went to hell and I just forgot about it. Why? Andrea wasn't so loopy after all. Look at this. I don't know who this woman is. Here comes Duke. She's handing him money. All of which has something to do with... a drug being made using propane called Rapture. You think Duke was involved with drugs? Reverend Coggins, too. I think Coggins burned down Duke's house to hide evidence. Now they're both dead, and... I've driven myself crazy searching this place for an answer. You knew Duke better than anyone. Where else would he stash something? All he really cared about was fly-fishing, bourbon, and that hat. The tackle box was burned in the house, he never left a bottle unfinished and he never took that hat off his head. Well, hello there. What do you unlock? Safe-deposit box. Bank of Chester's Mill. I'll drive. (boat whirring) Yeah, you're not acting suspicious. (tires screech) Where you going so fast? Nowhere. Huh? Ow! Shut up before I add damaging police property to what you obviously ripped off from someone. Salt? - So, I might've shoplifted it from the convenience store. Yeah, but why steal that? You kidding? Better than cash if you want to get into the cement factory. MAX: Word of advice, Barbie. Whatever you and Big Jim were huddling about at Town Hall... be careful. You can't trust him. You mean kind of like how I can trust you? I have never lied to you, Dale. I'd like to think the same about you. So what's this business we need to attend to? I'm guessing these people aren't here for a church service. No, just a little adult entertainment. It's been, what, nine days since the dome came down? There's been no TV, there's been no Internet, there's been no fun at all. Right, so now you smell an opportunity for your usual booze, cards, brothels. Hey. I don't deal in prostitution ever. You got that? Come on. (rock music playing) 
(indistinct chatter) (cheering in distance) Welcome to my brave new world. (blows landing) 
(cheering continues) (motor stops) (whirring) (thump) Who are you? Sorry for the intrusion, ma'am. I-I'm... Wait. Big Jim Rennie? From the car commercials? ♪ Small price, big savings. ♪ 
(chuckles) That's me. Well, then... it's hardly an intrusion. I like your ads. You don't scream from the TV like the rest of 'em. That's not my style, ma'am. Please, call me Agatha. Agatha, nice to meet you. This your house? No. I'm just the caretaker. Gardening and such. For, um... for Maxine Seagrave? Don't know a Maxine. The owner's Oliver Luckland. He's on the other side of the island, tending to his boat. I came here because, more important than selling cars, I'm a councilman for Chester's Mill, and I'm making my way around to see if our citizens need anything in this time of crisis. Yes, it is shocking, isn't it? I'm glad to be here amid the peace and quiet. Is Mr. Luckland gonna be long? Uh, c-can I wait for him? Inside? We'll have a nice cup of tea. Great. (rock music playing) 
(cheering in distance) MAX: What do you think of my grand opening? I think it's a lot smaller than you're used to, isn't it? Oh, in time I'll have the whole town here. How'd you put all this together? By not sitting on my hands for the past week. Some of these people owed me from before. I'm sure you'll recognize a few familiar faces from your collection duties. Say somebody needs eggs for his family and he's got some spare batteries. He comes in here, tries his luck. If he wins, he trades up. If he loses... I win. Uh... (chuckles) 
people are already bartering around town. Yeah, that's for needs. In here, it's about vices. Come on. Everybody's got 'em. Even you. You realize survival's at stake. Yeah, mine. If I'm gonna be trapped in this hellhole, I am gonna live as well as I can. What's going on? (sighs) 
I don't want to talk about it. Angie, come on, you're obviously upset. I think Junior is the fourth hand. You're joking. My tenth grade dance. Junior got rushed to the clinic for passing out. And everyone said it was because he had been drinking, but Nurse Adams just said someone had a seizure. But it can't be Junior. That guy weirds me out. You think that I'm happy about it? After what he did to me? (sighs) 
What does that mean? (sighs) You remember how you couldn't find me after the dome came down? Wait. You were with him? He said he hadn't even seen you. Hmm. It wasn't... voluntary. What? He kept saying that the dome was making me sick and the only way that I could get better is if I stayed with him. So he kidnapped you? He had these reasons that seemed really weird then, but... Where is he? 'Cause I'm gonna kill him. No, Joe, if anyone's gonna kill him, it's gonna be me. Not before I do. Get out of my way, Angie! Joe, stop! Stop it! Both of you, stop! Look, I'm all for kicking Junior's ass if he kidnapped you, Ange. But if he's the fourth hand... Yeah. (sighs) 
I guess you're right. Are you sure what Junior had way back then was a seizure? Yeah. And that's not the only reason I think it's him. It's not? I should show you something. Looks like everyone left the bank in a hurry after the dome came down. We could take all the cash in here, it wouldn't mean a thing. And to think it was money that ruined my marriage and forced my husband to run off. Is that why Peter left town? After draining our bank accounts and putting our home in foreclosure to pay off his gambling debts. I think deep down I knew something was wrong. I just didn't want to see it. (sighs) (sighs) 
Damn it. There must be a key to the safe-deposit room around here somewhere. Hey, maybe one of these... (clang) 
(Linda grunts) (exhales) Got it! (indistinct chatter) Oh, ho, ho, ho. Big Junior Rennie. Just Junior. Hmm. What's going on inside? Nothing for you. Come on, Duncan. I got these. Look, I know you're a cop now. Means you don't belong here. Hey, I got what's on the list. Let me in. (grunts) (bystanders gasp) (grunts) (chatter continues) Let's go, let's go. 
 
 (shouting, cheering) (man grunting) Oh, yes! (grunts) I won! (cheering) See? People have fun, they collect their winnings, I skim a little off the top, everybody's happy. So what do you need me for? Lot of chaos in this crummy town since it all went to hell, but the one thing I've heard over and over again is, "That Barbie is a real badass." You're the main event. No, no, no, no, no. I am not gonna fight. You must've forgotten everything we talked about yesterday then. About how you killed Peter Shumway. And how Julia would hate hearing about that. Besides, think of it as a reunion because... you remember your opponent Victor Rawlins, right? Yeah, he gambled his way down the drain a couple months ago. He lost his wife, his kids, his whole life really. No, you're his bookie, okay? Not me. Yeah, but you were the one knocking on his door forcing him to pay up. Only this time you don't have a gun and Victor really looks ready to even the score. You take sugar, Big Jim? Yes, ma'am. Sure Mr. Luckland doesn't, uh, mind us being here? Oh, no. Oliver's as hospitable as they come. I was, uh, under the impression... somebody else owned this house. No, I'm certain he does. But he's not here much. He spends a lot of time out at his other properties. That's why he has me taking care of things. Sure is lucky to have a neighbor like you, Agatha. That's my daughter Maxine. Now do me a favor and drop that gun that's tucked in the back of your belt. Slowly. Okay. Maxine didn't learn to be the way she is from her father. Who's ready for the main event? (crowd cheers) All right, all right, well, your wait is over, because here it is: Victor Rawlins versus your special forces veteran Dale "Barbie" Barbara! (crowd cheers) The rules are simple: there aren't any. There's no rounds, no time limits. You fight till you lose. May the best man win. (crowd cheers) (quietly): Disappoint me at your own risk. (crowd cheers) (crowd exclaims) (crowd booing) (crowd cheers) Sit. Make yourself comfortable. Maxine should be here after sundown. Or maybe tomorrow. Well, that's a long time to hold a rifle on someone. I hope I don't get drowsy, somehow pull the trigger. You don't remember me, do you? Well, give me a hint. We were in the same high school class. Well, until I dropped out. There's only one student I remember dropping out. Her name was Claire. I changed my name. I'm sure you can imagine why. It was quite the scandal. You got pregnant. With Maxine. I was only 16, and people treated me like my life was already over. That's not true. I was a pariah. I had no way to support my daughter... ...except by starting to let men in my bed. Men who would turn around and publicly shame me for being the immoral one. Still you're here. Far enough away to keep the stink out of our hair. Maxine moved to Westlake, and I came here to be close to her. But neither of us will ever forget the  real  Chester's Mill. The sharp teeth behind the friendly smile. Well, there  are  teeth behind the smile. It's the only way to get things done. Like the propane, you mean? My daughter tells me everything. Gave me every bit of evidence I need on you and Duke, that nutty Reverend Coggins. So... she must have told you about Barbie, too, huh? Oh, yeah. (chuckles) About him breaking legs. Killing that Dr. Shumway. It's no surprise he got stuck here. This town... it always has been a magnet for the worst of humanity... like your son. Junior's turning out to be just as crazy as his mama, isn't he? Shut your mouth! Sit down! Or I'll put a bullet through your chest! Have you ever killed someone, Agatha? I mean, I know you got your sob story and all, but have you ever really rolled up your sleeves and murdered someone? Stop. 'Cause I have. And even with all that hate in your eyes, I'm not seeing what it takes to kill. But go ahead... prove me wrong. Now we're gonna do something about  your  family. So this place belonged to Junior's mother? Yeah. He brought me here yesterday... to show me this. Pink stars. This and the fact that he's had seizures? I'm still gonna kill him. The guy's a psycho. No, Joe, it doesn't matter what we want. It matters what the dome wants. Now we just need to find Junior. I'm right here. What the hell are you doing with that? You son of a bitch! ANGIE: Joe! No! No-no-no-no! Joe, no! Stop! JUNIOR: You're attacking me? You're the one who's trespassing. You kidnapped my sister! Junior! You promised my dad you wouldn't tell anyone about that. I had to! Just like you have to help us now! What? Look, first let him go! Let him go! Let him go! Junior, no! Let him...! (panting) Why should I help you with anything? I brought you here because I trusted you. These are the only things I have left of my mother. Junior, you said yesterday that something bigger is going on, right? Something that connects all of us to what's happening? Yeah. So? So I need you to come with us to our barn. Why? Because... all of us... ...the four of us-- are connected to something... amazing. (clamoring) Get out there! (crowd cheering) (crowd exclaims) (cheering) WOMAN: Come on, Barbie! Whoo! MAN: Finish it! MAN 2: Loser! Finish it! Stay down, you bum! Stay down! Stay down! You're out! Stay down! Get up. Hey, big man. Hey! No wonder your wife and kids left you. (yells) Hit me as hard as you can. (crowd exclaiming) (groans) 
MAN: Get up! WOMAN: Come on, Barbie! Seriously?! Let's go! Get back up! (crowd cheers, boos) (panting) I guess the best man won. (chuckles) You threw the fight just like I knew you would. Oh, like hell I did. Everyone here bet on the hero and lost their asses. I bet on Victor... because I know you. And I know that you would do anything except let me win. Here it is, Duke's safe-deposit box. Oh, my God. What is that? When Duke woke up from his heart surgery when he had his pacemaker put in, I gave him this. (chuckles) I told him the doctors found it where his heart should have been. I can't believe he kept it. There's a letter here. I can't. You read it. "To whom it may concern, "my name is Duke Perkins, Sheriff of Chester's Mill, "the only place I've ever been able to call home. That's the reason I did what I did." His confession. "19 years ago I lost my son to drugs. I watched helplessly as he was swept away by his addiction." Did you know this? He never talked about it. "The only thing that kept me "from turning my gun on myself was a promise I made: "to do everything I could" to keep drugs out of Chester's Mill. "So I made a deal with a devil by the name of Maxine Seagrave." That's got to be the woman in the video. "The deal was simple: the town bought "the liquid propane she needed "under the guise of 'emergency reserves' "so the DEA wouldn't look into it, "and she'd pay us enough to shore up the town's coffers "and keep her drugs-- all drugs-- out of Chester's Mill." He did it to save us. "I sold my soul for the people of this town. "People like my son. "People like Linda Esquivel. "There were two other people in this deal: "Lester Coggins... who laundered our proceeds, "and the man who was the front, "saying he was buying the propane for our town: Big Jim Rennie." Of course he was involved. (sighs) 
Why didn't Duke tell me? Because he loved you. Maybe the same reason Peter didn't tell me. You think you could hold a flashlight for me? (sighs) I need to talk to Barbie. So, what are you planning on doing with me? My experience has been that with a little patience, the world reveals the right course of action. You think the world is just looking out for you, don't you? As if whoever and whatever is behind that curtain is pulling strings just for you. There's nothing behind that curtain but darkness. Sit down. Agatha! (panting) Hey! Help me! Help me, please... (gasping) My hands are tied. Jim, please. Help me! What are you doing? Help! Help me! No! 
(engine revs) Help! Help! Cheer up, Barbie. You know the house always wins. (groans) (sighs) Tonight was rather successful, wasn't it? I won. You... helped me win. I've always known-- and I think you have, too-- that we make a damn good team. And as long as this dome is around, I could see us making this town our playground. These people aren't gonna let you win. Yeah, you got a few that owe you something now, but at the end of the day, that ain't a whole hell of a lot. Yeah, until more people owe me and then more people on top of them. I'll live the way I want, Barbie. We  will live the way we want. What if you don't get more? Huh? You don't get your whiskey? You don't get me? Then I'll burn the place down. (sighs) What are you doing? What I should've done a while ago. Oh, you do not want to piss me off, Dale. Not when under your feet lies a body belonging to Peter Shumway. You do everything I say or the truth about him will come out. That's... See, that's the old Barbie. We're finished, Max. (door closes) (panting quietly) Didn't expect to see you here. I didn't expect to be here. You and I need to talk. Sure. Come on in. I'll even cook us up some dinner. How's something medium-rare sound? Actually, let's do this at the station. I've had a hell of a day, Linda. Whatever it is you think we need to talk about, it can wait till the morning. Think I've, uh, earned that much respect in this town, right? Come by first thing, or I come back and these cuffs don't stay on my belt. I need to say something. Like why your face is all cut up? Look... I told you when I first came to this town that I went out to the cabin to meet Peter, but that... that he wasn't there. But he was, wasn't he? Yeah. He-he told me that he didn't have the money he owed, so... so I said I'd be back the next day... And he pulled a gun on you. How do you know this? Because I brought this down from our bedroom closet and found his gun missing. No gun, all the bullets. So... (sighs) You know. (crying): I didn't want to believe it. (swallows) He needed you to kill him. I found this life insurance policy today. You know, in some weird way, I think he did all this to try to protect me. 'Cause this would be void if he committed suicide. (sighs) I'm-I'm so sorry... ...for everything. Me, too. Barbie, I've seen you sacrifice yourself for total strangers. But in the future, there can be no more lies. In the future? You sure? Maybe. Is that... an egg? With a mini-dome around it. Hey, look. The caterpillar's in a cocoon now. It's actually a chrysalis. He's a nerd. (mechanical buzzing) And you think I'm supposed to be part of this, too? Yeah. We do. (mechanical screeching) (sighs) (chuckles) (loud buzzing) (panting) (loud whooshing) Oh, my God. It's the pink stars. JOE: And they're making constellations. It's... beautiful. But... what does it mean? 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 