Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x01 - Pilot - Under the Dome 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x01 - Pilot https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=8&t=10632 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 06/26/13 03:26 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x01 - Pilot 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 (birds chirping) 
 (chirping) 
 (screeches) 
 (screeches) 
 (clank) 
 (screeches) 
 Duke? 
 Testin' our accommodations. 
 Well, sorry to bother you, but Sam Verdreaux called. 
 He sounded good and sauced, but he wants us to know that he heard some kind of a bang. 
 Like a car backfired? 
 Or a bang like Tommy Anderson finally shot his wife? 
 He didn't specify. 
 But Sam's the only one that called it in, so I didn't want to overreact. 
 No. 
 You were right to get me, Linda. 
 Never know with this damn place. 
 (door bell jingling) 
 You off to the game today, Big Jim? 
 No, I'm sitting this one out, actually. 
 Aw. I thought the whole town council always rode that stupid float together. 
(chuckles) 
 Working the lot today, so the guys... (grunts) let me sit this one out. 
 Heavy is the head that wears many hats. 
 I'm not sure that's quite how that one goes. 
 We're having a big sale on our pre-owns. 
 Hoping we're a little busier than here, no offense. 
 Sunday mornings have been brutal since they opened that Denny's over in Westlake. 
 I'll take your French toast any day of the week, Rose. 
 Jim... what is this? 
 That's me buying your next vote. 
 Says the guy who always runs unopposed. 
 We're all in this together. 
 (soft panting) 
 God! 
 (chuckles) 
I know, right? 
 (panting) 
 No, you don't. 
 (sighs) 
 Angie... 
 Huh? 
 I love you. 
 Yeah. 
 It's been a fun summer. 
 Ouch. 
 Junior, we both know what this is. 
 And you go back to school in a few days. 
 No, I'm not. I'm, uh... 
 I'm dropping out. 
 I dropped out. I'm done. 
 Are you insane? 
 You've never been. 
 Trust me, college is just another... lame-ass pyramid scheme. 
 They hand you a free ride out of this place, and you just throw it away? Please don't. 
 This-this is about us. This is not about... 
 No, Angie, just listen to me for a second, all right? (Sighs) I... 
 Hey, hey, hey. 
 Hey. 
 I have loved you since the third grade. 
 You're the only person in the whole world who knows the real me. 
 And that's why I can't be with you. 
 Look, I'm gonna be late for work. 
 Why are you acting like this? 
 Hey. 
 Ow! 
 (panting) 
 (Angie sighs) 
 (goat bleats in distance) 
 Mrs. Grinnell? 
 Julia Shumway. 
 You wanted to see me in person? 
 So you're the newspaper woman? 
 I'm the new editor of  The Independent,  yeah. 
 But if you're just having a problem with your delivery, you can go ahead and... 
 I get my news online, sweetheart, like everybody else. 
 I called you because I got a tip. 
 About what? 
(vehicle approaching) 
 See that truck? 
 That's its fourth propane delivery this week. 
 Last week, it made six. 
 Looks like someone's planning one hell of a barbecue. 
 Or... 
(imitates explosion) 
 Y-You think this might be connected to terrorism? 
 Like they say, "See something, say something." 
 Why tell me? Why not the police? 
 I called Sheriff Perkins three days ago. He... said he'd look into it. 
 Turns out everything's above board. 
 Town hall is just restocking its emergency reserves. 
 Here's the thing: when Duke told me, he sounded nervous. 
 Believe me, that man's never sounded nervous a day in his life. 
 Okay. 
 I'll do some digging. 
 MRS. 
 GRINNELL: Whatever you find... 
 ...you leave my name the hell out of it. 
 (engine roaring, tires screeching) 
 Where the hell are they taking all our trucks? 
 Over to Westlake. It's parade day. 
 (truck horn honking) 
 I love you, too, Rusty! 
 (horn honks) 
 DUKE:  Never understand  why you said yes to one of those meatheads. 
 'Cause their insurance policy makes ours look like crap. 
 (engine revving) 
MAN:  No! 
 I'm headed back now. Hey, listen... so, we got a problem here. Your guy... 
 "Smith" shows up, he doesn't have the money and then he tries to renegotiate. 
 Aggressively. 
 Hey. 
 I gotta call you back. 
 Incoming. 
 No front tag. 
 This is 102. 
 Can you run a plate for us? 
 Boy Adam Boy, One Six Two. 
 (man shouts) 
(tires screeching) 
 (grunting) 
 (cows mooing) 
 (sighs) 
 Perfect. 
 (distant rumbling) 
 (cows mooing) 
 (crows cawing) 
 (rumbling grows louder) 
 (car alarms wailing) 
 Whoa, guys, wait. 
 (church bells ringing) 
 (door creaks) 
(wind chimes tinkling) 
 (wind whooshing, rumbling continues) 
 (lamp shatters) 
 (grunts) 
(shouts) 
 (grunting) 
 Duke... 
 (deep whirring) 
 (cows mooing) 
 (cow moans) 
 (panting) 
 (zapping) 
(man shouts) 
 (groans) 
 (cows mooing in distance) 
 (deep whirring) 
(gasps) 
 (flies buzzing) 
 YOUNG MAN: You okay? 
 I saw your car spin out. 
 (flies buzzing) 
Wh-What happened? 
 Whoa. 
 Hey. No. Don't touch that. 
 (zapping, deep whirr) 
Holy crap. 
 What is it? 
 What the hell?! 
 Are you sure you're okay, Duke? 
 Yeah. Yeah. 
 My damn pacemaker. 
 Must've skipped a beat. 
 And that's supposed to make me feel better? 
 I'm fine. 
(radio static) 
 WOMAN: We have a problem here. 
 All our landlines are dead. 
 Okay. 
 Freddy here. Paul here. 
 One at a time, geniuses. 
 Freddy, you go first. 
 Sorry, Duke. We've got a downed power line over by the clinic. 
 Paul? 
 Yeah, same story across town at the Food Mart. 
 Sparks and everything. 
 What could cause that? 
 A twister? 
(plane flying overhead) 
 (low buzz, whirr) 
 (low buzz, whirr) 
 It's some sort of invisible fence. 
 Like those ones for dogs? 
 Whatever it is, I'd probably stop touching it. 
 It only zaps you the first time. 
 It's like some sort of static electricity or... 
 (thud) 
 Necks are snapped. 
 (plane flying overhead) 
This thing must be crazy high. 
 (rumbling, whooshing) 
 (metal creaking) 
 Go! Run! Run! 
 What the hell is happening? 
(panting) 
 God Almighty, what are we looking at? 
 SALESMAN: Looks like a prop plane just exploded in midair. 
 A plane crash? 
 In Chester's Mill? 
 (tires screeching) 
 Is your phone getting any service? 
 Got nothing. 
 Let me see that. 
 It's Mrs. Sanders. 
 From the bank. 
 She sponsored our Little League team. 
 No. 
 No, no, no. 
 Hey! 
 Hey! Stop the truck! 
 Wait-- if it crashes through, you're dead. 
 Stop! Stop! 
 Stop the truck! 
 Stop! 
 Why can't we hear the sirens? 
 No, no, no, stop! 
 (mutters) 
 What are you doing? 
 Tell 'em to... call the FAA. 
 The Feds? 
 Yes. 
 They got to shut down this whole airspace. 
 Uh, okay, what if the government built this thing? 
 I doubt it. 
 Why? 
 (panting) 
 'Cause it works. 
 (generator whirring) 
MAN:  Sorry for the radio silence, folks. 
 Generator's cooking and we're up and running again. I'm Phil Bushey, and you're listening to WYBS, the Mill's only 100% independent home of rock. Phil. (sighs) Dodee, hey. We're the only thing on air right now-- AM, FM, anywhere. Yeah, the blackout, I know. No, even if that were statewide, every station our size has its own generator, so... why is the whole dial still static? I don't know. But our ratings are gonna be  amazing. (tires squeal) DUKE: What the hell happened here? Sheriff Perkins! The plane smashed right into it. I was almost killed. Th-This man saved my life. Slow down, son. Slow down. You hurt? Uh, no, I think... I think something just, uh, clipped me on the way down. LINDA: Why aren't the guys putting out the fires? DUKE: You saw it crash. Into what? I don't know, but, I mean, whatever this thing is, it is big. YOUNG MAN: It's like a wall. You just can't see it. Rusty. Rusty. I don't think he can hear you. (zap, deep whirr) 
God! Baby, you okay? I-I can't hear you. 
(firefighters clamoring) (light buzz) Step away from there, Linda. I don't understand. What is it? (vehicle approaching) (brakes squeak) Watch your step, Jim. That's Chuck Thomson's plane, isn't it? Not anymore. PAUL (over radio): Hey, Duke? We got a real bad accident on Pretty Valley. Duke, it's Freddy. I've got one, too, over on Motton. A minivan versus... I don't know what, but the thing's flat as a dime. Whole family's DOA. LINDA: Whatever it is, it cut off all our roads. Not just the roads... the whole town. We're trapped. BIG JIM: Okay, here's what we got: There's 19 roads going in and out of Chester's Mill. Not including the dirt ones. Joe, would you go home and stay there? DUKE: Paul and Freddy are setting up roadblocks here and over here, but it's gonna take some time to button up the whole town. BIG JIM: Eh, do what you can. I got a contingency plan. (car door opens) No, no, no, Julia. This is a crime scene. JULIA: No. Plane falls out of the sky, that's news. BIG JIM: Hey! I'm the ranking official here, and I'm ordering you to leave. Jim! We got bigger fish to fry. Linda, you commandeer Ms. Shumway's vehicle. We'll cover more ground splitting up. What the hell? That's my car! (sheriff's cruiser engine starts) (engine revs, tires screeching) (siren wailing) Who the hell are you? (Julia's car revs, screeches away) Barbie. People just call me Barbie. Barbie? It's a nickname. Anyway, I'm not your story. Then why don't you show me what is. (bell dings, pump clicking) Am I doing something wrong? Power's out, Carolyn. Cashier said the pumps will be back on soon. "Chester's Mill" is known for its rich, fertile land and warm, inviting people." Please, these jerks don't even have orange juice. Guy said we'd have to wait till the next delivery. CAROLYN: Alice, you didn't take your insulin without eating. I'll be fine. I got a candy bar. No... (chuckles) You need real food, honey. We'll stop at that diner we passed. Mom, seriously, can we please drive somewhere else? I refuse to have my last meal here. Norrie, you're not going to your execution; you're going to camp. Camp?  It's like a glorified prison for screw-ups with rich parents. ALICE: It's a great program, Norrie, and as soon as they say you're ready, you can come home again. Los Angeles. (sarcastically): Awesome. (siren wailing, tires screeching) We can stop for lunch later. (engine starts) (buzz, deep whirr) Where the hell did it come from? I have no idea. If this thing just appeared out of thin air, you think maybe it'll disappear, too? Yeah, maybe. (buzz, deep whirring) You think we might be stuck in here a while. I think that even if what's wrong suddenly becomes right, the Army's gonna quarantine this place. So you're military, huh? Not recently. 
 
 WOMAN (panting): Help me. Help me. Help... me. JULIA: How did she... She must've been reaching across when that thing came down. JULIA: It's-it's okay. My husband's a doctor. We're gonna get you to the hospital. (grunts) I can't even grab a regular broadcast signal. Phil, something bad is going on out there, okay? It could be solar flares disrupting the entire grid. Dodee! The cable is out-- it doesn't mean it's the end times. When roving packs of mutants start swarming this place, don't say I didn't tell you. (pounding on door) 
BIG JIM: Hey! This is Councilman Rennie! Open the damn door! PHIL: I'm not supposed to let anyone inside while we're broad... (grunts) 
DODEE: What the hell? You better have a warrant or we're gonna sue your ass for... Young lady, you're gonna let me make an emergency broadcast right now or someone's gonna die. ♪ I wish I were a Beatle ♪ I wish I were a Rolling Stone ♪ (song playing over radio) ♪ I wish I'd always turn up ♪ I wish I had nowhere to run ♪ (over radio): This is an emergency broadcast. So please pay careful attention. My name is Councilman Rennie. Uh, Big Jim Rennie. But this isn't a car commercial. Please stop what you're doing and listen. We have a serious situation in town, and it's very important that every driver listening to my voice stops their vehicle now. You're the one who's addicted. I use my phone for work, not for sending naked pictures of myself to random boys. For the millionth time, that was an accident. That's what you said when you knocked out that girl's tooth. BIG JIM: Once again, every car needs to pull over immediately. This is not a drill. Did you hear that? I can't tell you if what happened is an act of terror or an act of God, but I'll keep everyone updated as we learn more. It's just some stupid viral marketing thing, Mom. Norrie's right. There are other people on the road. It's probably just some stunt... (screaming) (brakes squealing) ALICE: Is everyone all right? No. Nothing about this... is all right. Norrie? Norrie! Are you okay?! Keep her head up. The pink stars... are... falling. The pink stars... are... falling... in lines. The pink stars are falling in lines. (engine revving) Mom? Ange, where the hell is Mom? You're the one who lives here. Where's Dad? Still on the road. You're sure? A guy at the diner said there might have been a chemical spill. I was worried it was Dad's truck. I came here as fast as I could. Joe, what is it? Mom's having brunch with Uncle Steve at Denny's. And? Angie, Denny's is in Westlake. So what? That's on the other side of this thing. We're on our own. (sirens blaring, horn honking) Let's go! Okay! (sirens blaring, woman screams) (indistinct, overlapping chatter) MAN: Let's go! MAN 2: Fracture over here, guys. MAN: Mrs. Shumway, thank God. Is the doc with you? He's not here? Peter always works Sundays. Ma'am, your husband hasn't worked Sundays in weeks. He probably just went home. I should go check on him. (crow cawing) REPORTER: The governor contacted you? REPORTER 2: We just need some answers. What's caused this? Please, we need some ans... (chatter stops) (no audio) WOMAN: We need a wheelchair over here. (car engine starts, indistinct chatter) MAN: A little help? Can I bum one? Yeah. (siren blaring) Little young to be a nurse, aren't you? Just a lowly candy striper. So, you saw whatever did all this? I mean, what there is to see, yeah. Some of the patients are saying it's like we're... stuck in a giant fishbowl. I used to have fish. Goldfish. (laughs) But then, one of them got sick, and the other one... The other one ate him. Did you even know they did that? Goldfish? Want something for that? I just want to get out of here. Yeah. You and me both. CAROLYN: Help! 
(tires squeal) Please, we need help! Our daughter's had some sort of episode. It was a damn seizure, Alice. Come on, let's get her looked at. Watch your head. All right. All right. Just go in right there. (siren blaring in distance) (brakes squeal; dog barks in distance) Looks like a ghost town in here. BIG JIM: Yeah, no word from anyone else on the council yet, but, uh, I should be able to hold down the fort. It's easier to reach consensus when there's only one voice to listen to, right? (chuckles) Anyway, I appreciate what you did on the radio today. You saved some lives. Ah, just doing my job and all. How your men holding up? We're spread thin since most of them are at the damn parade, but we'll soldier on. Well, for now you will, but, uh, what happens if this thing lasts for days or-or weeks? Well, we might need more manpower to maintain the peace. What are you getting at, Jim? Well, during emergencies, uh, councilmen have the power to authorize additional police officers. The last thing this mess needs is amateurs with badges. Till I hear otherwise from the mayor or above, you're not authorizing anything. Understood. Good. What do we do when the people start asking about the propane? Well, that has nothing to do with this. Oh, I know that, but some people might find it hard to swallow that we just happened to be stockpiling fuel right before a disaster. So, should we tell them the truth? That's your business. I have no idea what the hell you wanted with all that crap. Oh. (chuckles) Please. You were more than happy to turn a blind eye, but... you're not dumb. I did what I had to do to keep this town from going broke, to keep it safe. Oh, careful, Duke. You don't want to put too much stress on that bum ticker of yours, now, do you? Are you threatening me? Oh, just reminding you what the lay of the land is. We're all in this together. Regular receivers can't pull a signal through whatever has-has cut us off, but I once used our broadcast tower like a giant antenna to pull feedback loops for my band's cover album. Dodee, just tell me what you heard. This. (indistinct, ethereal voice) It sounds alien? (indistinct voices, static) Sounds more Bjork. It-it comes and goes like that. Sometimes it's music, sometimes, cell phone conversations. It just... MAN: Army Corps of Engineers' best guess puts the dome over Chester's Mill at roughly, uh, 20,000 feet... (static, ethereal voices) Did he just call it a dome? Yeah. (crickets chirping) (rustling in grass) JUNIOR: Sorry. I didn't mean to sneak up on you like that. I'm Junior. Hey, um... do we know each other? Doubt it. You sure? I don't know. Something about you just looks so familiar. (whistles) I'm talking to you, dumb ass. Look... I don't know what I did to piss you off, but I promise you, you don't want to start something here. What if I do? (car door opens) (car door closes) Everything all right out here? Hey, Mrs. S. Yeah. Everyone's been very welcoming. JUNIOR: Be seeing you. What the hell was that about? I have no idea. Any word from your husband? He wasn't back home, so... now, I've been checking all the roadblocks. This was the last one. At least he wasn't one of the crashes. What about you? Where you off to? (sighs) Oh, the motels are all booked up, so, I'm just gonna rough it. Don't be ridiculous. You can stay with Peter and me. Uh, no. No, no, no, no, no. I... Linda said you saved a kid's life today. I'm not about to let you sleep out here like an animal. Come on. I insist. (party music playing) (indistinct chatter) BOY: McAlister. It's Ben-- Ben Drake from AP English? Hey, man. Hey, so is it true-- are you seriously home alone? Man, your house parties are gonna be sick. So, have you touched the force field thing? Whatley says it's straight out of  Star Trek. You looking for something? Yeah, an off switch. This thing couldn't have just appeared out of thin air. Whatever it is-- it's got to have its own power source, right? I guess. What if that power source was somewhere in here with us? Maybe it's somewhere nearby, distributing juice to the entire thing. Joe? Joe! The pink stars are falling. You all right, man? The pink stars are falling in lines. Hey, let's get some help! Help, someone help! The pink stars are falling. Get over here right now! The pink stars are falling in lines. Hey, hey! (dog barking in distance) (screams) If you do everything I say, I promise you won't get hurt, okay? (screams) Help, help, help, help! Angie, I'm... I'm so sorry, Ange. I didn't want it to go like this. (indistinct chatter) (quiet, indistinct conversations) I'm afraid I... I have some hard news. Some folks are still unaccounted for, but it looks like Chester's Mill... lost 12 of her own today. (gasping and murmuring) ROSE: Duke... what the hell is going on? Isn't it obvious? We're under attack. DUKE: Nobody knows a damn thing, so there's no point in spreading any rumors. Please, our daughter is sick. We need to get her to a real doctor. I mean, even if they can't knock that wall down, they can still airlift her out of here. Well, I don't know, but if those eggheads out there can drop a car on Mars, they sure as hell can figure this out, too. When everybody gets home tonight, I want you to check on your neighbors, and if anybody needs anything, you know where to find me. (gasps) (keys jingling) (door unlocking) Hey, Angie. Help! Somebody help me! Somebody help me! Stop it, quiet down, stop. Oh, God, please help me! Stop! Save your voice, babe. Okay? No one can hear us all the way down here. Down? My dad's old fallout shelter. He's always been a little paranoid about security, but... you're safe now. What are you talking about? I finally figured it out-- why you were acting so strange this morning. It's all connected. (sighs) I know how this must look, but... I swear, in the long run, you're gonna thank me for this. Oh, my God, you've lost your mind. No, no. I'm the only person who understands what's really going on around here. All I ask for... is patience. Let go of me! Let go of me! Let me out of here! Get me out, get me out! Junior! Junior! (screams) MAN: Junior. Dad. Where you been? Heard you on the radio. It sounded like we might need the old shelter, but it's completely flooded. Oh, tha-that's the least of our worries. All that matters is you're okay. Whatever this is, I want to help. I appreciate that, but you got school... School is out there, I'm here, and I want to help. ♪ Honey, are you home? How do you guys have power? Backup generator. Big Jim convinced my husband it would be a tax write-off when we moved in here. That's Peter behind you. (sighs) You must think I'm an idiot. Wha-What do, what do you mean? Journalist who doesn't know what's going on under her own nose. I'm sure the whole town's thinking it. My husband isn't here because he's having an affair. They don't know him like I do. He'll turn up, you'll see. I can't wait to meet him. Come on, I'll give you the nickel tour. I was supposed to be with Rusty today, at the game. Told him if we were ever going to afford a honeymoon, we both had to put in more overtime. (sighs) Why Chester's Mill? Why us? Maybe we're being punished. Sorry? You're good police, Linda. But... there's a lot I've tried to protect you from about this place. Like what? (sighs) Little over a year ago, I was approached about... (gasping) Duke... My chest. Duke, is it your pacemaker? (grunts) 
(screams) Duke, don't! Duke, Duke! Help! Officer down! Officer down! Help! Duke, come on, stay with me, Duke. Duke, stay with me. Help u...! ♪ (soldier shouts indistinctly) MALE REPORTER:  We've spoken with the government,  law enforcement, the military. No one has any idea what's going on. The closest I can come to an answer is to share with you the words of one scientist we spoke to today. He told us, and I'm quoting, "This is an unparalleled..." FEMALE REPORTER: "This is an unparalleled event  in human history." Those are not the words of comfort, certainly not to the people of Chester's Mill, who appear to be trapped. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 