Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x08 - The Great Man Down - The Royals 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x08 - The Great Man Down https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=244&t=18104 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/05/15 12:59 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x08 - The Great Man Down 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on The Royals... 
 All rise for the Grand Duchess Alexandra of Oxford! 
 Mother. 
 You have failed, as a wife, as a mother, as a daughter and, most devastatingly of all, as a Queen. 
 I'm so sorry, Ophelia. 
 They must've been hiding outside the villa. 
 I should've known better. 
 Really working the Jasper from Vegas story, aren't we? 
 King :  I took a solemn oath to serve you all. I do so today by formally calling for a referendum for the abolishment of the Monarchy. 
 Your reign of terror is over. 
 You won't be seeing any of your lovers anymore. 
 And you will be stripped of all titles and capital. 
 It's over. 
 There's no way out of this. 
 There's always a way. 
 Step away from the gates! 
 I'm the King of England... 
 Open the gate! The King is down! 
 (Bell rings) 
 I solemnly promise and swear to govern and rule the people of the United Kingdom, the British Monarchy, and its overseas territories. 
 I promise to make law and cause justice to the utmost of my power. 
 I promise to maintain the true profession of the Gospel. 
 I will execute my judgments with mercy. 
 (Protesting) 
 I will be benevolent and noble in matters of conscience. 
 Where are you taking me? 
 I will gravely castigate those who betray the Crown. 
 All this I promise to do, so help me God. 
 The Royals 
01x08 
The Great Man Down 
 What...? 
 Stay here. 
 What is this? What's happening? 
 If I were a betting man, I'd say we were under attack. 
 Where's Dad? 
 (Clanking) 
 Dad? 
 Security Level One. 
 Marcus, secure the tunnel. 
 Mr. Frost, with me. 
 Where's our father? 
 A short while ago His Majesty the King was found just outside the gates of the Palace. 
 He'd been attacked. 
 What type of attack? 
 He was stabbed, several times. 
 By who? 
 His assailant is as yet undetermined. 
 We've initiated emergency protocol. 
 Both MI5 and MI6 have been notified. 
 Where's the King now? 
 In surgery. 
 But he's going to be okay? 
 He'll live. 
 It's too soon to tell. 
 He lost a lot of blood. 
 Who could have done this? 
 (Whirring and clanking) 
 Sir, it's Marcus. 
 Liam... 
 Absolutely not. 
 Sir, emergency protocol dictates... 
 Ophelia should not be here. 
 She's safest here. 
 You're out of line, Marcus. 
 Sir, with all due respect, she's the girlfriend of the Prince Regent. 
 This plan was instituted by you. 
 I'm simply following orders, sir. 
 What does it matter if Liam's slut of the hour is here or not? 
 How long before any news of the King? 
 I want to see him. 
 Nobody leaves this room until we are certain the palace is secure. 
 Until then, we wait. 
 Ophelia. 
 Liam. 
 Look at me. 
 Everything's different now. You need to be prepared. 
 I was supposed to be with him. 
 It doesn't matter. 
 How can you say it doesn't matter? 
 Because it's done. 
 You are now the Prince Regent. 
 Do you understand me? 
 Dad will be okay. 
 Darling. 
 The moment your father was stricken, you became Prince Regent. 
 You are the acting King of England. 
 It's my fault. 
 I should have been with him. 
 He asked me to join him. 
 But you were with me. 
 I'm sorry. 
 What are they saying? Do you have an update? 
 The King is in surgery. 
 The King is in surgery because he's been stabbed. You said that. 
 When was he stabbed? How? Why? 
 And why weren't you with him? 
 We're still gathering information. 
 About why you weren't with him? 
 The King was stabbed twice with a large knife. 
 Once in his lower abdomen, and a second time in his chest. 
 Near his heart. 
 The doctors are amazed that he's still alive. 
 (Cyrus retches) 
 We're reviewing security footage, both ours and every security camera within a two-mile radius of the palace. 
 Why only two miles? 
 It's not likely he could have traveled far given how much blood he'd lost and the severity of his injuries. 
 As to my whereabouts... 
 His Majesty and I had an understanding that I would look the other way for his occasional walk. 
 It's an understanding I deeply regret. 
 No sh1t! 
 You're proving quite adept at getting people killed, Pryce. 
 It's not his fault. It's mine. 
 It's not anyone's fault. 
 I think it is. 
 And I think it starts with your father's inability to do his job. 
 No, it doesn't. 
 Your father could die. 
 Don't say that! 
 The only person to blame is the person who did it. 
 It's important we remain calm. 
 Remain calm? 
 My father has been stabbed and we're stuck in this cage like... 
 Zoo animals. 
 That's what he called us when he gave his address to disband the Monarchy. 
 He was a fool to say that. 
 I told him it was a mistake. 
 I'll bet you did. 
 But he disagreed with you, didn't he? 
 He was going to sign the legislation today. 
 And now he's been attacked. 
 Be careful, boy. 
 Not boy. Prince Regent. 
 What's wrong with you, anyway? 
 Why are you so shifty and pale? 
 We stay down here much longer and you'll look the same way, Princess. 
 No drugs down here for you. 
 Good luck going cold turkey. 
 Don't change the subject. 
 You hated him and you wanted the Monarchy preserved. 
 If anybody has the King's blood on their hands, it's you. 
 I can see it from here. 
 It's paint. 
 He was endlessly disappointed in both of you. 
 He said as much only yesterday. 
 It must have angered you. 
 Perhaps drove you to do something terrible. 
 You shut up! 
 Who happens to be next in line to the Throne? 
 Thing 1 and Thing 2. 
 Marcus called it emergency protocol. 
 What happens after a threat like this? 
 We notify military intelligence, go to Level One, and secure the family. 
 And who did you secure first? 
 What does that matter? 
 Was it the Queen? 
 You're the Prince Regent. 
 We secure you first and then the others. 
 So if that's true, why was he already here when I arrived? 
 I was already in the tunnels. 
 Why? 
 Because you were coming back after attacking our father? 
 Go ahead. Insinuate and accuse. 
 I for one will not lower myself to participate. 
 You just did. 
 Where the hell were you? 
 I was on my way out actually. 
 He's lying. 
 Is she still here? 
 I saw you leaving the palace. 
 You're wrong. 
 I'm not. I saw you. 
 What time? 
 Pryce, silence the only bitch you have left or I'll do it myself. 
 Dad. 
 Like I said, it's important we all remain calm. 
 Chekhov's gun, Mr. Pryce? 
 If the gun isn't going to be fired, it shouldn't be hanging there. 
 Chekhov was making a point. 
 Remove everything that has no relevance to the story. 
 I have no doubt you'll vet everyone's alibis and whereabouts, Mr. Pryce. 
 And once the King recovers, we will quickly and summarily dismiss you as our Head of Security. 
 Because if we stick to the facts and dismiss the emotional accusations, the hard truth is, nobody's spouse is safe around you, are they? 
 You're such a bitch. 
 We have yet to establish where Her Majesty was last night. 
 I was with Colonel Mustard in the library with the candlestick. 
 Keep to the facts, Mr. Pryce. 
 Why do you do that? 
 Worry about your makeup like that? 
 You did the same thing when Robert died. 
 Liam, please don't say died. 
 Dad is not going to die. 
 No matter what happens to your father, when we leave this room you will find the world outside has changed. 
 And in the absence of the King's voice, the people will look to the Queen, and the Queen will be unwavering and unconquerable. 
 You want a purpose for the Monarchy? I'll give you one. 
 To stand before a worried, confused, grieving people and in the face of profound tragedy, inspire them with our strength, nobility and grace. 
 We are under attack. 
 Eventually, this door is going to open, and when it does, the world will look at us. 
 I suggest you all put your war paint on. 
 This is mine. 
 I have to get out of here. 
 Not until... 
 Until the palace is secure. I understand that. 
 But if I stay in this room another minute I'm going to... 
 What? Kill someone? 
 Not kill someone. I'm gonna kill you! 
 Don't! Don't you touch me! 
 Sir, if I may, the tunnel is secure. 
 Fine. That's absolutely fine. I will stay in the tunnel. 
 Just please, just let me out of here. 
 Stay away from me. 
 I just thought... 
 What? 
 That we could hold hands, have a heart to heart? 
 That I'd trust you? 
 I don't trust you, Jasper. 
 My father has been attacked and someone in here is lying. 
 And you have quite a track record, don't you? 
 You want to be strong for the world? 
 Maybe start with your own daughter. 
 She's worried he's going to die. 
 We all are. 
 Where's the harm in telling someone everything will be okay, giving them hope? 
 Some people have the privilege of hope. 
 We have the responsibility of being prepared. 
 After conducting a search of the house and grounds, we feel it is now safe to go back to the palace. 
 Please understand we're on high alert. 
 There will be a higher military and armed presence and very few staff. 
 There is a panic button in every room. Use it. 
 And no one is to leave the premises. 
 When can we see him? 
 The King remains in surgery. 
 As soon as he is out we'll arrange a secure transport to the hospital. 
 What can I do? 
 Pray for my father. 
 Marcus will get you home. 
 I'll call you when I can but it will be difficult to see you. 
 I know. It's okay. 
 You can do this. 
 What do I do now? 
 Stay close to me. 
 I'll help you. 
 I want the Prime Minister here in the next 30 minutes. 
 I want to be updated on everything going on politically. 
 And we need to control the press, make sure nothing gets out. 
 What do they have so far? 
 The Londoner has an unconfirmed source claiming a member of the family has been admitted to Mount Margaret's. 
 Say it was Eleanor with flu-like symptoms. 
 They'll think she O.D.'d. 
 And find out who the unconfirmed source is. 
 Vet everyone that comes into contact with the King. 
 If anything leaks, tell them careers will end. 
 Yes, Ma'am. 
 Also, we'll need to prepare a statement. 
 I'll notify the team. 
 Any news on His Majesty's condition? 
 No. 
 Make sure we have a direct line to the hospital. 
 They will only speak to me. 
 Not you, not anyone else. 
 Everything is going to be okay. 
 In case no one has said it yet. 
 Do you believe that's true? 
 The Monarchy has been through worse. Much worse. 
 So too has the Queen. 
 He wouldn't listen to reason. 
 No, he wouldn't. 
 Some of us have dedicated our entire lives to this institution. 
 I have. And you have, ma'am. 
 The King has brought this upon himself. 
 This tempest was inevitable. 
 I'm sorry, ma'am. I will make all the arrangements. 
 Lucius. 
 Ma'am. 
 Thank you. 
 I am at Her Majesty's service. 
 Unequivocally. 
 How are you? 
 I don't know. 
 I was supposed to join him last night. 
 He asked me to. 
 Why didn't you? 
 I was with Ophelia. 
 I'm going to give a live broadcast to tell the public that everything will be fine. 
 You were right. 
 The public need a little hope now and then. 
 And so do you. 
 It's all going to be okay. 
 (Police radio) 
 Is it, Mom? 
 Yes. It is. 
 Because of your father's condition, there will be a ceremony to officially recognize you as the acting King of England. 
 The Archbishop will stand here. 
 You will stand here. 
 He'll recite some vows and you'll repeat them, and then you'll kiss King James's Bible, and once you do, you'll officially become the acting Monarch. 
 Sovereign head of State, Church, and the armed forces. 
 Temporarily. Until Dad is well. 
 Sweetheart, your father's injuries are life-threatening. 
 His recovery could take months, maybe years. 
 I know you don't want things to change, but they already have. 
 The life you've known is gone. 
 You have a bigger responsibility now. 
 I'm not ready for this, Mom. 
 No one's ever ready for this. 
 But you're a great man and you have an immense heart. 
 And that's more than enough for now. 
 LONDON GRAMMAR: ♪ Hey now ♪ 
♪ Hey now ♪ 
♪ Hey now ♪ 
♪ Letters burning by my bed for you ♪ 
♪ Hey now ♪ 
 I've been assigned to oversee security at the King's hospital. 
 We'll take the tunnels. 
 Let's go before I change my mind. 
 ♪ Hey now ♪ 
♪ Hey now ♪ 
 Frost, do you have the Princess with you? 
 'She wants to see her father.' 
 She is not to leave the palace. Understand me? 
 That is a direct order. 
 'I'll protect her with my life, sir. You can fire me later.' 
 Dad? 
 I know what I saw with Cyrus. 
 He was trying not to be seen, sticking to the shadows. 
 I know. I looked at the footage. 
 Do you think he did it? 
 This morning it looked like he hadn't slept. 
 It wouldn't be the first time he's been out all night. 
 Things are about to get very messy around here. 
 I want you to stay out of it. 
 Just let me deal with this. 
 Okay. 
 
 
 
 I'm sorry about what they said. 
 About your mother. 
 There hasn't been a day gone by since it happened where I haven't wondered if I could have done more to protect her. 
 Protect you. 
 You did what you were trained to do. 
 You protected the King. 
 Mom would be proud of that. 
 Do you think so? 
 Yeah. I do. 
 Dad. If you see Liam, please tell him I'm thinking about him. 
 Cyrus? 
 What is this? Why am I... 
 Don't. There are cameras. 
 Kiss me. 
 Follow me. 
 We can talk in here. 
 I couldn't go out and you can't come in. 
 Why can't you go out? 
 They would have followed me. 
 The King's been attacked. 
 What? When? And by whom? 
 Last night. And I don't know. 
 But I need you to be my alibi. 
 Oh, Cyrus... 
 I cover for you every time you need a fix. 
 And I said I wanted out. 
 The King's been attacked. 
 How bad is it? 
 We don't know. 
 Apparently bad. 
 I had nothing to do with it. 
 Cyrus, I will not perjure myself or lie to the authorities. 
 I'm a member of Parliament. 
 You did lines of blow off my dick last week, Holloway. 
 Don't get all sanctimonious now. 
 I won't do it. 
 You will do it, you flimsy b*st*rd, or you will find yourself in a world of sh1t. 
 What, like the King? 
 James. Please. 
 I simply need you to say I was with you last night. 
 And where were you? 
 I was with you last night. 
 If I do this... 
 Anything. 
 James. 
 Care to use your safe words in the safe room? 
 You're reprehensible, do you know that? 
 You saying no? 
 (Steady beep) 
 Dad, wake up. 
 I'll do better... 
 I'll do better. 
 I'm speaking to you today as a wife, a mother, a servant of the people, and as your Queen. 
 Following this address you will hear the palace bells ring five times. 
 For centuries it was a distress call warning the people that their kingdom was under attack. 
 And today, we are once again under attack. 
 Yesterday your King spoke to you from the heart. 
 'He spoke of his love of country, and his love of family. 
 Some time later, the King was attacked outside the gates of the palace.' He was assaulted, stabbed, and left for dead, the victim of a brutal attack by an unknown assailant. Today, as your King fights for his life, I once again speak to you about love of family and country. The next days and weeks will be emotional and challenging, but I have every reason to believe your strong, compassionate King will recover. The referendum to abolish the Monarchy still awaits his signature, and when he's well, if it's what your King desires and it's what the people want, the referendum will be signed and placed before you. 'For now we need to refocus, band together, and pray for his recovery.' Our family remains unified and resolute, and we will navigate this together, with the support and comfort of our extended family. You. England. This United Kingdom. This attack is an act of terrorism. Of cowardice. The assailant will be found and justice will be served. God bless you all. And God save the King. The people will demand justice. What will we give them, Mr. Pryce? So far we have three views of the King's assailant. One taken just after the King was attacked, one moments before, and we have a distant view from a nearby rooftop. MI5 are trying to enhance it. But the actual attack? Whoever did this was either very lucky and chose a moment and location that escapes detection, or it all seems very planned and premeditated. Someone who knew his route. In the second scenario, yes. The King is now out of surgery. He remains unconscious. The surgeons are waiting to speak to you. I have transport. Well, let's go. Where's Eleanor? She... The Princess is already at the King's bedside. What? Who let that happen? Your security detail. I'll deal with it. I'll be just outside. Ted. Find out who did this, no matter what. Sir. This is the first time the people will see you as Prince Regent. Don't wear sunglasses. Make eye contact. Let them see your compassion. Acknowledge them, but do not approach. It's not safe yet. Your father would be proud of you. So am I. Hey. Dad. I'm sorry. I know you waited for me, and I should have been there. I'm sorry I failed you. But I won't let you down again. I promise. I'll be everything you want me to be. ♪ I spy a girl only three foot tall ♪ 
♪ That keeps me from drowning ♪ 
♪ She keeps me from drowning ♪ Eleanor, can we have a moment alone? Yeah, of course. I meant me and your brother. Prince Regent matters. ♪ We break the rules and listen to our own skin ♪ 
♪ With a visible scar in a broken sidecar ♪ 
♪ We break the rules and listen to our own skin ♪ 
♪ We broke our hearts and pretty much everything ♪ 
♪ After the dark and endless wars ♪ 
♪ I realize that I'm fighting a cause ♪ 
♪ It ends with us drowning ♪ 
♪ Ends with us drowning... ♪ It's quiet. I don't remember the last time I heard silence. I don't think I ever have. Can I get you anything? ♪ With a visible scar in a broken sidecar ♪ 
♪ We break the rules and listen to our own skin ♪ 
♪ We break our hearts and pretty much everything ♪ I miss you. You realize I have trust issues, yes? Yeah. You have to trust somebody sometime. Why are you here? I wanted to see you. No. Before this. Why are you here? Why did you do that? Did you attack my father, Jasper? No. Are you in love with my mother, so you tried to kill my father? What are you talking about? Did you? You know I wouldn't do that. I don't know anything about you, Jasper from Las Vegas. I found that in the Queen's bed. Which is also the King's bed. Off you go. Armed police! Nobody move! On your knees! Get down on your knees now! Stay still. That's it. Stay down. All clear. That's also none of your business. I was just looking for Liam... Shut up. First of all, you bow in my presence. Second, you refer to the Prince Regent as His Royal Highness, Prince Liam. Third, you need to shut that little whore of a mouth of yours before I shut it for good. I told my father everything. Well, Daddy can't always protect you. Just ask your mother. How can you be so horrible? As opposed to what? Being nice? Nice is for the simple and ignorant who muddle through their ordinary lives, telling themselves their big break is coming, or love is just around the corner. It's not. And it ain't. Some of us have more to lose. And the truth is, you don't know what you saw. I saw you leaving. And then what? Go on. Cry wolf. But when the real wolf is at your door, who's going to save you then? Jasper has been arrested. For what? Attacking the King? No. For screwing the Queen. Consider it a favor. There was something going on between you. I simply exposed his true colors before you got too attached. Well done, Queen. Spin it. Make it seem like you were trying to protect me. Go on. Pull Liam close and protect him, too. You are reprehensible. I wouldn't be surprised if you put the knife in Dad's heart yourself, Mum. You've been doing it for years. Take it back. You know how she is, Liam. Stop it. Mom's been the only steadying influence in all this. And you've been a mess. Dad might die. Exactly. Pull it together. Let her go. You have to talk to her. If you don't, she'll lash out and cause a scene. And when she does it reflects poorly on all of us. I'll be back. Len. Liam. She's just using you. Why don't you see that? All she cares about is her power. Of course I see it. What? But we can't let her know that, can we? I'm sorry I couldn't tell you. We have to be careful. At least until we know the truth. So it's still you? You're still in there? I'm still in there. But I'm way in over my head. I've been thinking about this a lot. The way we all turned on each other in the safe room. Dad was right. We're like a bunch of wild animals. It has to stop. The referendum? Once I'm officially the acting King, the first thing I'll do is sign the bill to abolish the Monarchy. Are you okay with that? What do you think? I'm just so glad that you're still you. It's always been me. And it will always be us. I promise. Dad was right. All of this has to end. And I'm going to end it. (Door opens) Your Highness. They're nearly ready for you. And there's one more thing. ♪ FRIGHTENED RABBIT: If You Were Me ♪ Hi. Hi. I thought you might want to hang out. Unless you have something else going on. I feel like I'm going to throw up. Yeah. Been there. I know you blame yourself for what happened to your father but you shouldn't. I'm the one that asked you to stay. I blame myself. I could have said no. But who knows what might've happened if you had been there? It could have been you. Oh. Ophelia. Liam, it's time. I know you're nervous but you shouldn't be. This is your destiny. You can do it. ♪ May I ask, and answer honestly ♪ 
♪ Oh, what would you have done...? ♪ I have to go. ♪ ..If you were me? ♪ Are you ready? You said no one was ever ready. ♪ Oh, what would you do if you were me? ♪ You understand the magnitude of this. I can see that you do. So take a step back and ask yourself where your place is in all of it. Don't be influenced by me or anything else. Simply look into your heart and truly ask yourself where you belong. Regardless of the answer, he belongs to England now. ♪ Oh, what would you have done if you were me? ♪ 
♪ How could it go so wrong so quickly? ♪ Where's Cyrus? Crafting his alibi, I assume. I solemnly promise and swear to govern and rule the people of the United Kingdom, the British Monarchy, and its overseas territories. I promise to make law and cause justice to the utmost of my power. I promise to make law and cause justice to the utmost of my power. I promise to maintain the true profession of the Gospel. I promise to maintain the true profession of the Gospel. I will execute my judgments with mercy. I will execute my judgments with mercy. I will be benevolent and noble in matters of conscience. I will be benevolent and noble in matters of conscience. I will gravely castigate those who betray the Crown. I will gravely castigate those who betray the Crown. All this I promise to do, so help me God. All this I promise to do... so help me God. And now, before God and Man, with a kiss you will seal your place in history and take your place upon the greatest Throne on Earth. Stop! Kiss the book. He will not kiss the book and he will not occupy the Throne because he is not fit to do so. Cyrus. Turn around and walk away, or so help me God, I will have you arrested and imprisoned for treason. With what authority? I am the Queen of England. Which means nothing compared to the King of England. Then I will have you court-martialed. You? The spare who would be heir. You have no bearing to enter these proceedings and disgrace King and country. Not to mention yourself. I can assure you, young prince, that I do have bearing. And if anyone is a disgrace to the Crown, I'm quite certain it's you. Isn't that right, Your Majesty? Cyrus... Did you really think you would be King of England? You're not intelligent. You're not inspiring. Cyrus! You're not even the King's son. (Gasps) You b*st*rd. No, my Queen. That would be him. And her. Mother, refute him. Tell this room and the world and our father the King who at this very moment fights for his life that these are the desperate lies of a pathetic, jealous man. Tell us it isn't true. Yeah, tell us, Queen. Mom. These children are illegitimate. They are not the blood heirs of King Simon, and so are not eligible to ascend the Throne. I am the rightful heir to the Crown. I am the next King of England! (Tapping of keys) Dear Mr Ballantine, I would be pleased to accept your invitation to audition for New York company. ♪ Help me up, I've fallen down ♪ 
♪ Pick me up back off the ground ♪ 
♪ Put me back together... ♪ It can't be true. It just can't be. Mom wouldn't do that. Mom's a whore. Sir, we found something. Now watch this. He stays like that for hours. ♪ Start to find ♪ 
♪ Just take flight ♪ 
♪ I've come undone ♪ 
♪ From what I've become ♪ Who the hell are you? ♪ And I'm not the same ♪ 
♪ Stay this way ♪ All the Scotch on the planet won't help you now. You made quite a spectacle of yourself. He wasn't fit to be King. It had to be done. You didn't have to slap me so hard. It had to look convincing. To the next King of England. Long live the Queen. ♪ The enemy is ♪ 
♪ Closing in ♪ 
♪ Start to find... ♪ 
♪ Hey ♪ 
♪ Hey ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 