Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x08 - Be All My Sins Remembered - The Royals 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x08 - Be All My Sins Remembered https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=244&t=24457 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/04/16 14:09 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x08 - Be All My Sins Remembered 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on The Royals... 
 Does this mean anything to you? 
 She was your father's true love. 
 She died. 
 My sister's death destroyed my family... and my sister's death was not an accident. 
 The day she died, she was competing in a showjumping event. 
 When the horse returned, it was in a sweat. 
 It was drugged. 
 She and your mother were rivals. 
 That's one hell of an accusation! 
 Our families deserve justice, Ted! 
 And they deserve to be punished. 
 You never actually answered my question. 
 What happened after so many years that meant you had to change careers? 
 I'll tell you what. You guess it and I'll tell you all about it. 
 If this was all just about taking things from me... 
 Here, take these. 
 Violet, I love you. 
 Did you just say, "love"? 
 Yes. I love you. 
 You know what's not helping? 
 The fact that you never said it back. 
 You need to breathe. 
 My grandmother gave me something that made it all better. 
 I'm going to get it for you. I want you to have it. 
 I'll be back before the broadcast. I promise. 
 Cyrus has picked out an engagement ring. 
 Thanks to your Bill of Succession, if they're still married when he dies, she will be the sole reigning monarch. 
 I'm not close to you, Helena, because you're my daughter. 
 I'm close to you because you're the Queen. 
 I think Mum killed someone. 
 I'm not sure I know how to answer that. 
 We're just a family, you know? 
 Like any family. 
 And then we're not. 
 Cyrus : You're lying! 
 Helena : I'm not! 
 Cyrus : Tell the truth or you won't live to see another lying, cheating day! 
 Helena : Get off me! 
 Cyrus : You think I'm stupid? You think I'm paranoid? 
 I think you're coked out of your mind and don't know what you're doing! 
 You've been threatened ever since I fell in love with her. 
 Cyrus, remove the Great Sword of State from my throat or you are going to lose your last remaining testicle. 
 Ow! 
 You kicked my balls! 
 I kicked your ball. 
 You bitch! 
 You tell me what you did with her! 
 Tell me! 
 Agh! 
 (Sighs) 
 People are sleeping, for Godsakes! 
 Cyrus, get up, you're not that hurt. 
 Stop being so dramatic. 
 Eleanor : Mum? 
 (Glass smashes) 
 (Cell phone buzzes) 
 Yeah. 
 Your Majesty? 
 You believe this sh1t? 
 Slow down. 
 She attacked me. 
 Hit me over the head with a goddamn vase. 
 She could have killed me. 
 The Grand Duchess claims she was defending Her Majesty the Queen. 
 They did something, Pryce. To Violet. 
 They're in cahoots, those two. 
 Your Majesty, please, take a seat. 
 (Sighs) 
 You say Violet's gone missing. Okay. 
 When was the last time you heard from her? 
 Last night. 
 She said she wanted to get something for me, she said she loved me... or at least she implied that she did, and then she said she'd be straight back. 
 And this was before your speech? 
 Yes, but she never came back. 
 So you ingested copious quantities of various drugs, chased them with a 60-year-old single malt Scotch and attacked the Queen of England with the Great Sword of State. 
 At which point, the Grand Duchess of Oxford broke a 15th-century Imperial vase over your head, rendering you unconscious. 
 Would you say that was an accurate account of things? 
 It sounds worse when you say it. 
 Due to Your Majesty's recent public appearances, there have been a higher than usual number of threats. 
 I would like to restrict access today, monitor things closely. 
 All delivery personnel. Flowers. Food. 
 Anyone in and out. 
 Boring. 
 But... do you think these threats have anything to do with Violet's disappearance? 
 I couldn't live with myself if that were the case. 
 Let's not get ahead of ourselves. 
 Your Majesty, why do you think the Queen is involved? 
 Well, she knew about the ring. 
 I selected an engagement ring from the royal collection and she knew about it. 
 If I were to marry, she would no longer be Queen nor next in line to the throne. 
 She'd stop at nothing to protect her station. 
 Even murder? 
 People kill people all the time around here. 
 Where've you been, Pryce? 
 Sorry, that was insensitive considering all you've been through. 
 You've had a rough morning. 
 Let's retrace your steps. 
 Following your broadcast yesterday, what did you do? 
 I was worried about Violet so I came back to my room and put some music on. 
 What then? 
 (Bill Withers: Ain't No Sunshine) 
 ♪ Ain't no sunshine when she's gone ♪ 
♪ It's not warm when she's away ♪ 
 (Snorts) 
 ♪ Ain't no sunshine when she's gone ♪ 
♪ And she's always gone too long ♪ 
♪ Any time she goes away ♪ 
♪ Wonder this time... ♪ 
 Cyrus? 
 Thank God you're back! 
 Oh, I love you so much. 
 Helena : Cyrus? Cyrus? 
 I thought... 
 How many drugs did you do tonight? 
 Um... a few. 
 You need to sit down. 
 I can't. 
 I can't eat. I can't sleep. 
 Where could she be? 
 Calm down and talk to me. 
 Did anything happen before she left? 
 Did you argue? 
 No. 
 I told her I loved her. 
 I see... 
 I didn't scare her off, if that's what you're thinking. 
 Did she say it back? 
 I didn't scare her off. 
 I'm sure she's fine. 
 But... perhaps considering the pace of things, she simply needs a bit of space. 
 Do you think that's it? 
 You haven't known her long and already you've picked out an engagement ring and told her you love her. 
 How do you know about that? 
 You just told me, Breaking Bad. 
 About the engagement ring. 
 The Crown Jeweler's got a wandering tongue. 
 You know what this place is like. 
 The point is, you might have overwhelmed the poor girl or her cell phone could have run low. 
 How long's she been gone? 
 Five hours. 
 Oh, for Godsakes, Cyrus, she'll be fine. 
 And, if she doesn't show up, you have to accept the fact that you're the King of England. 
 Being Queen is not for everyone. 
 Get some rest. 
 ♪ Any time she goes away ♪ 
 (Sighs) 
 Answer... 
 ♪ I keep my ears to the ground ♪ 
♪ My eyes wide shut ♪ 
♪ I'm boiling over, baby ♪ 
♪ Yeah, hot to the touch ♪ 
♪ I dance to the drum of my own heart ♪ 
♪ Tells me when to move ♪ 
♪ Says it's time to start ♪ 
 (Sniffs) 
 (Snorts violently) 
 'She said she'd be straight back.' 
 I'll be back before the broadcast. 
 Violet I'll be back before the broadcast. 
 She's the frigging maid. 
 King Simon : 'Maybe your sins can be covered up in this lifetime.' 
 But eventually, we all pay for our sins. 
 'Violet.' 
 'I love you.' 
 'She said she loved me.' 
 Of course I do. 
 (Echoing) 'Of course I do.' 
 You'll remain the Queen of England until I marry again. 
 She's the frigging maid. 
 'The Great Sword of State.' 
 ..from my throat or you are going to lose your last remaining testicle! 
 Ow! 
 You kicked my balls! 
 I kicked your ball. 
 You bitch! 
 Tell me what you did with her! Tell me! 
 Agh! 
 (Sighs) 
 People are sleeping, for Godsakes! 
 Yeah. 
 (My Double, My Brother: Bound To Break) 
 ♪ And I fought my demons again ♪ 
♪ A rock in the ocean, the waters spin ♪ 
♪ And the waves crash down, but the stone's not moving ♪ 
 Do you think they killed her? 
 Oh, please, not now. 
 Can't we just go back to the dream I was having about you without all the killing and the blood and the constant guilt? 
 No. You can't. 
 It's too late for that now. 
 Jasper Frost has been investigating the King's attack. 
 Pulling surveillance tapes. 
 Harassing Scotland Yard. 
 Why? The King's killer has confessed. 
 Maybe he thinks it wasn't Lucius. 
 Maybe he knows it was you. 
 He's handsome. 
 (Laughs) 
 Jasper. 
 (Giggles) 
 Younger than you. 
 Smarter. 
 Mmm... 
 Please stop. 
 (Cell phone buzzes) 
 Yes, Your Majesty. 
 I'll be right there. 
 Off you go. 
 King's bitch. 
 (Moans softly) 
 Hello, Foxy. 
 You're standing on my ceiling. 
 If you right yourself, I promise to come down. 
 (Groans) 
 I thought we had an understanding, Foxy. 
 About my lifestyle. 
 It's all still here. 
 Cocaine, marijuana, MDMA and assorted hallucinogens... here. 
 Okay, then. 
 Well done, you. 
 Thank you. 
 What's that? 
 It's a gift. From Mr. Frost. 
 I'll leave you to it. 
 Wait. 
 Stay put. 
 We have constant surveillance on Ms. Cook, and can apprehend her immediately if that's what you'd wish. 
 Of course, Mr. Frost would be implicated as well. 
 Also, I'd like to apologize personally. 
 Why you? 
 For suggesting you phone a friend. 
 I should have known that all your friends would be sh1t. 
 There's a slight chance you might amuse me, Mr. Hill. 
 You were on the trail of a master criminal... 
 No. 
 I'll guess it eventually. 
 Wow. 
 It's about time. 
 What's about time? 
 The drug thing is getting a little old. 
 Oh! So's the sleeping with models thing. 
 Wasn't a great example. What do you want? 
 I wanna find out if Mum's an assassin and I wanna do it now. 
 I've been up all night and I'm in a horrible mood. 
 Well, I've been up all night too, Liam, and I'm horny, so deal with it. 
 Fine. Give me the photo. 
 Stay here. 
 Why? 
 Because, believe it or not, Mum and I had a really great day yesterday, and I want to give her the benefit of the doubt before we start calling her a murderer. 
 I'll be back. 
 Cyrus, get off, you're not that hurt. 
 Stop being so dramatic. 
 Eleanor : Mum? 
 (Door opens) 
 Ah! Eleanor. 
 What, darling? 
 What's going on? 
 What do you mean? 
 You seem shifty. 
 Yeah, well, you seem bulimic. 
 What do you want? 
 Uh... I... 
 I found this photo of you and I want to show it to you. 
 Look how pretty you look. 
 Ah... Well, long time ago. 
 Mm-hm. 
 Who's that? That girl. 
 Hmm... 
 I don't recall. 
 Just some girl. 
 Yeah, okay. 
 But if you leave it with me, I could try to find out more if you like. 
 No, that's okay. 
 Eleanor, we had a nice day yesterday, didn't we? 
 Did we? 
 Well? 
 You were right. 
 The bitch did it. 
 What do we do now? 
 She'd do anything to protect her station. 
 Even murder? 
 People kill people all the time around here. 
 Where have you been, Pryce? 
 Sorry, that was insensitive. 
 Are you sure? 
 They said the word "murder". 
 So do you think Ted knows about it? 
 I asked him to look into the Domino symbol on my medallion. 
 Maybe he knows more than we do. 
 And, of course, Cyrus knows about it. 
 Ahhh, I knew it! 
 She lied to me about that photo. 
 Straight to my face. 
 And then she had the balls to say to me, "We had a nice day yesterday, didn't we, Eleanor?" 
 "Yeah, Mum, a great day, right up until I found out you killed someone!" 
 I'm sorry, Len. 
 I guess I'll head back to my creepy clean room and get high. 
 Let me know when you want to confront our murderous mother, won't you? 
 It just keeps getting worse, doesn't it? 
 (Halsey: Castle) 
 ♪ I'm heading straight for the castle ♪ 
 Pretty flowers. 
 Like the ones on my grave thanks to you getting me killed. 
 But then, people kill people all the time around here. 
 Don't they, baby? 
 ♪ I'm heading straight for the castle ♪ 
♪ They wanna make me their queen ♪ 
♪ And there's an old man sitting on the throne that's saying ♪ 
♪ That I probably shouldn't be so mean ♪ 
♪ I'm heading straight for the castle ♪ 
♪ They've got the kingdom locked up ♪ 
♪ And there's an old man sitting on the throne that's saying ♪ 
♪ I should probably keep my pretty mouth shut ♪ 
♪ Heading straight for the castle ♪ 
♪ They've got the kingdom locked up ♪ 
♪ And there's an old man sitting on the throne that's saying ♪ 
♪ I should probably keep my pretty mouth shut ♪ 
♪ Straight for the castle ♪ 
♪ There's no use crying about... ♪ 
 (Music off) 
 
 
 
 (Knock on door) 
 It's open. 
 (Coughs) 
 Ted, I didn't know you cared. 
 I found these outside your door, Your Highness. 
 I think the staff didn't want to disturb you. 
 I wanted to speak with you in confidence about that symbol on your necklace. 
 Okay... 
 Dominique Stuart was a woman from your father's past, before he met your mother. 
 As a matter of fact, they had something of a rivalry, she and your mum. 
 What does that have to do with my pendant? 
 Look, Liam, I have to walk a fine line here between personal and professional but, in confidence, I think you need to ask your mother that question. 
 Your father was a man who believed in the truth. 
 He'd want you to know the truth. 
 I think he admired you most when you insisted on it. 
 What is the truth? 
 Talk to your mother. Be resilient. 
 And, son... I'll always be there for you. 
 We need to speak with you, Mum. 
 About the woman in the photo. 
 About all of it. 
 She was your father's first love. 
 And she died. 
 She was killed. 
 She was thrown from her horse. 
 Which you poisoned. 
 That's not true. 
 We've been through a lot, Mum. 
 Robert's death. 
 Dad's death. 
 The paternity scandal. 
 But it's time to tell us the truth. 
 I'm telling you the truth. 
 Oh, please, Mum, just once! For once. 
 Her horse threw her. 
 Her horse was drugged. 
 Maybe it was. 
 Maybe it was? 
 You killed her, didn't you? 
 I did no such thing. 
 You did it so you could be Queen. 
 That's not true. 
 You did! 
 Admit you did it! 
 I did it! 
 And you two spoiled brats should thank me for it. 
 Don't look at me like that... All naïve and lofty. 
 Do you think that monarchies just happen? Hmm? 
 Do you think that queens just happen? 
 Because they don't. 
 They need somebody to make it happen and I made this... 
 Mother, that's enough. 
 You poisoned her horse? 
 How could you do that? 
 With a great deal of planning, darling. 
 I know how much you love your horses and I apologize for that. 
 Look at the way you're all looking at me. 
 Look, when you are older and you understand your place in history, this will all have been worth it. 
 Right, Helena? 
 I said that's enough. 
 Oh, I think I shall take my tea in the ornamental gardens. 
 You know, the roses were planted by Queen Victoria. 
 I'm sorry. 
 You're sorry? 
 You're sorry Grandma murdered some poor innocent girl? 
 And poisoned her horse. 
 You're sorry that everything we are is built on murder? 
 I'm sorry that you have to know. 
 I've waited 30 years for this day. 
 I thought that once the truth was out, a weight would be lifted off my shoulders. 
 But now... looking at your faces... I feel sad that you know. 
 That you have to know. 
 The truth is... the weight's twice as much. 
 And um... I'm just sorry. 
 The children will be fine. 
 No-one will be fine. 
 Oh, come on, Helena. 
 Don't lose sight of the prize. 
 With that girl out of the way, accident or not, you're still in line for the throne. 
 You mean "accident". 
 Or not. 
 Look, the way Cyrus is going, I think he's probably going to die of a broken heart. 
 I can't wait to try and get a lovely dress designed for your coronation. 
 Walk away. 
 I beg your pardon? 
 I said go. 
 Now. 
 I hope you have nothing to do with the disappearance of that girl but if you do, it's on you. 
 You understand me? 
 It always is, Helena. 
 (Scoffs) It always is. 
 It always is? 
 You don't get to say that! You hear me, Mother? 
 You don't get to say that and walk away. 
 Because it never is! It's never on you. It's always on me... and it has been for the last 30 years but now it's on you... 
 "They always take the good ones." 
 ..on you! 
 (Door slams) 
 Dad loved that girl and they killed her. We killed her. 
 What are we gonna do? 
 I don't know. 
 If we say anything, the Grand Duchess of Oxford goes to prison. 
 Yeah, but if we don't, who are we? 
 All this time, I hated Mum and I loved Gran. 
 She bought me with her diamonds. 
 Maybe Dad was right. 
 Maybe we should just end it. 
 Cyrus has taken human rights back to the Dark Ages. 
 People will vote for the referendum. 
 We could take it all away from him. 
 You decide, Liam. I can't do it anymore. 
 Yes, you can. 
 You're stronger than all of us. 
 Not today, I'm not. 
 Your Majesty? 
 We've located her vehicle. 
 It was abandoned in a very secluded area off the M25. 
 There are signs of foul play. 
 She's dead? 
 She's missing, but all indications are... 
 Then there's hope. She could be alive. 
 Your Majesty, there was blood in the vehicle and no sign of Violet. 
 No hospitals have reported treating or admitting anyone with her name or matching her description. 
 In my professional opinion, we're looking for a body, not a missing person. 
 Most of the personal effects in the vehicle are evidence. 
 But I thought this might matter to you. 
 I'm sorry, Your Majesty. 
 ♪ Yes, the good was not without the bad ♪ 
♪ Raise up your sword and shield ♪ 
 I'm out of spirits and the staff is restricted. 
 Do you believe it? 
 The King of England foraging the palace for a drink. 
 There's nothing I wouldn't believe right now. 
 Did you know they killed her? 
 What do you know about it? 
 Just that my father loved her and the Grand Duchess poisoned her horse. 
 What the hell are you talking about? 
 Dominique Stuart. 
 Oh. 
 No, I didn't know. I thought it was an accident. 
 Who did you think I meant? 
 Violet. 
 She's missing. 
 I think they killed her too. 
 But it can't be true. 
 Would you put it past them? 
 Here. 
 Keep it. 
 Looks different from the inside, doesn't it, being King? 
 Be glad I took it from you. 
 Trust me. 
 Cyrus, I know you're sick and heartbroken... 
 You don't know sh1t. 
 I know you want revenge. 
 Figure out another way to deal with this. If you don't, I won't protect you. 
 It has to stop. 
 King John was the first King of England to be accused of murder. 
 Ivan the Terrible massacred thousands. 
 King Herod ordered the killing of every male infant under the age of two... and if Jesus Christ himself hadn't been slumming it in a manger... he would have slaughtered him too because a younger, faster king was coming to take what he had. 
 You think this place is made of wood and stone? 
 It's built on blood. 
 Every empire is. 
 (Sighs) 
 I'm sorry about Violet. 
 I hope she comes home. 
 She won't. 
 They always take the good ones. 
 I have a question for you. 
 Was any of it worth it? 
 You've stood on that podium for 30 years, knowing you weren't quite good enough. 
 Knowing your crown was a lie. 
 What did you get out of it? 
 What good have you put into the world? 
 My children. 
 (Scoffs) 
 And then you declared us illegitimate. 
 You need to deal with your mother. 
 She acts like her entire life has been one big sacrifice for this family. 
 It hasn't been. 
 She poisoned that horse because she wanted to be someone. 
 Not for you, for her. 
 It's despicable. 
 How's Eleanor? 
 I don't know, Mum. 
 How's Violet? 
 Tell me now if you had anything to do with the fact she's missing. 
 I didn't! 
 And the Duchess? 
 I don't know. 
 Mum, what's going on? Dominique and now this? 
 Ssh! Keep your voice down. 
 Why? 
 Because we don't know what that woman will do next! 
 Besides, we don't know about Violet. 
 The fact there's even a possibility says a lot about this family. 
 (Sighs) 
 I think Dominique's family killed your father and your brother. 
 No. They didn't. 
 How do you know that? 
 It's a long story. 
 For all we know, Grandma did it. 
 Deal with your homicidal mother. 
 I need to try to fix a 30-year tragedy. 
 And, Mum, if anything comes up about Dominique... we won't lie about it. 
 Good. Don't. 
 It was driving me crazy like that. 
 As you wish. I just wanted to check on you. 
 I'll leave you to it. 
 James? 
 Come in. 
 You are who you say you are, yes? 
 As much as I can be, Your Highness. 
 You're not here to rob me or dominate me or have s*x with my mother? 
 It wasn't initially why I took the job, no, but, of course, I understand if the requirements of the position change from time to time... 
 Thank you. 
 My father would have liked you, Mr. Hill. 
 I would like to have known him. 
 Maybe you quit the force for a wayward girl who needed your help. 
 Did I guess it? 
 Her name is Sarah. 
 You have a daughter... 
 I do now. 
 Like you, I had an older brother. 
 And, like you, I lost him far too early in life. 
 And Sarah was his daughter. 
 One day, your phone rings and there's a voice, compassionate but routine, telling you your brother and his wife are gone. 
 And then there's this other life. 
 And her eyes are looking to you for answers and food and comfort. 
 And you realize everything you thought you knew about the world, you didn't know. 
 And you don't know. 
 And if you're like me, you're angry about it because your life was your own, and your career was about knowing and certainty and clarity. 
 And now there's none. 
 And this little girl... Hmm! 
 She couldn't even speak then, but if she could, she would have said, "Calm your racing mind, rest your weary heart, old man, because I'm here to save you." 
 That's exactly what she did. 
 I spent 27 years telling myself I was making a difference. 
 It took about six seconds for her to show me the wonder of the world. 
 The brilliance... and the goodness. 
 And then one day, just a few years later, when we're watching some of that brilliance leave us with the passing of your father... she turns to me and she says, "You should help them, Daddy. They look sad." 
 So, yeah, I quit the force for a wayward girl who needed my help. 
 That's nice detective work, Princess. 
 (Sniffles) 
 Who's the crack detective now? 
 (Laughs) 
 You do amuse me, Mr. Hill. 
 You can call me James. 
 Thank you. 
 (Sighs) 
 Hey. 
 Hi. 
 Did he follow you? 
 I don't know. I don't think so. 
 How did he know about the tunnels and the park? 
 Like everything else, I guess, he just knows. 
 I want to meet him. 
 That's absolutely not gonna happen. 
 Then I want you to tell him something for me. 
 Tell him I'm sorry. 
 So your mother did it? 
 No. But my family did. 
 Sort of. I wanna show you something. 
 (Hemming: Vitamins) 
 ♪ Do you think I'll make you feel better? ♪ 
♪ Do you think I'll make you feel better? ♪ 
 You would have liked my father. 
 He had this spark in his eyes and this incredibly wonderful laugh. 
 Most leaders don't laugh, you know? 
 They'll just say, "Oh, that's funny." 
 My father laughed. 
 And he was kind. 
 ♪ Do you think I'll make you feel better? ♪ 
 This is my room. 
 Why are you showing me all this? 
 Because it occurs to me that if things had been just, this might have been your room. 
 And because I assume, over the years, you've developed an image of who we are and how we are, maybe this will help you let go of it. 
 My perception of you was not only framed by my father... but also by whatever you've allowed us to see. 
 The world only knows you after the press agents and publicists and image consultants... have neatly packaged you for the masses. 
 That's fair. 
 Will you do something for me? 
 Will you show the world what you're showing me? 
 And if not the world, then at least my dad? 
 How do you propose I do that? 
 You just talk. 
 You understand it's been a hell of a day. 
 Maybe that's the point. 
 Tell me about your family. 
 Knowing what you know now, is your family good or bad? 
 I'm not sure I know how to answer that. 
 We're just a family, you know? 
 Like any family. 
 And then we're not. 
 I'm leaving now, Helena. 
 Wouldn't you like to apologize for your outburst before I go? 
 I'm taking away your title, your staff and your royal stipend. 
 (Scoffs) Like hell you are! 
 It's either that or you'll be wearing orange for the rest of your days. 
 Orange, Mother. With no accessories. 
 You have had 30 years to make that call and we both know that you're not going to do it. 
 But I will. 
 You poisoned her, didn't you? 
 You had her for tea yesterday and you poisoned her just like that horse. 
 She was a maid, for Godsakes. 
 You were going to marry a maid? That's pathetic. 
 I loved Violet. 
 And I always will. 
 But that's not who I planned to marry. 
 The engagement ring is for the mother of my son. 
 The heir to the throne. 
 Congratulations. 
 You killed the wrong maid... bitch. 
 Liam : The thing we never talk about are the victims we've left in our wake. 
 This monarchy has been shaped by violence and conflict for centuries. 
 But so was England and most every other country on the planet. 
 Good people have been lost along the way. 
 And maybe worse than that... good people have simply lost their way. 
 Difficult day. 
 It occurs to me... that no-one has lost more or sacrificed more than you have. 
 And I don't think you get much sympathy because you don't ask for it. 
 But that doesn't mean you don't need it sometimes. 
 Nobody cries for the Queen. 
 Nor should they. 
 Queens get their hearts broken too. 
 These are for you. 
 Your mother was wrong. 
 About you and diamonds. 
 She's wrong about all of it. 
 I'm sorry. 
 At least we had a good day yesterday. 
 (Ruelle: Take It All) 
 ♪ Through hell's gates ♪ 
♪ The ground shakes ♪ 
♪ And valor wakes ♪ 
♪ And so it begins ♪ 
♪ Vengeance waits ♪ 
♪ Fury reigns ♪ 
♪ With all at stake ♪ 
♪ So it begins ♪ 
 My father saw what we had become and he decided it was time to end it. 
 He felt like he had let us down. 
 And he felt like he had let himself down. 
 He was an extraordinary man, my dad. 
 But he was also brokenhearted over the loss of his son and he carried the perspective that only a grieving father can. 
 I've been told I have his tenacity. 
 I tell you this, I'm not half the man he was. 
 One of the things he told me before he died... was to choose love. 
 And to choose my own path. 
 Well, I love England with all my heart. 
 And while my father was on a path towards a republic, I know in my heart that this monarchy can be relevant and inspiring and visionary again. 
 I truly do. 
 "To take arms against a sea of troubles... and, by opposing, end them." 
 Too many good people have been lost for us not to make things right. 
 For them. 
 And for you. 
 ♪ We'll take it all ♪ 
 'Tell me about your family. Knowing what you know now, is your family good or bad?' 
 'I'm not sure I know how to answer that. We're just a family, you know? Like any family. And then we're not.' 
 ♪ So it begins... ♪ 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 