Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x04 - Tragic Kingdom - Sweet/Vicious 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x04 - Tragic Kingdom https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=784&t=30133 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/07/16 04:13 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x04 - Tragic Kingdom 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Sweet/Vicious"... 
 Who are you? 
 I guess I'm like a vigilante. 
 So what do we do next? 
 There is no we. I work alone. 
 How did you know I was there? I put tracking software in your phone. Used part of my charm. Is that what your parents tell you? Yeah, they tell me I'm a mistake. And when I do sleep, I have horrible nightmares and I can barely be touched  without jumping out of my skin. [Voice Distorted] You didn't stop when she said no, did you, Will? Say her name. Her name is Beth. I'm writing to get onto the law journal. Are you using these cases? 'Cause Tommy Cope and Will Powell weren't robbed. It's a different crime. I think I was a little unsure, but I'm not anymore. Whose phone is that? Sending Tyler a text as his dead brother feels  kind of twisted, even for us. Hey, it's Carter. Later. [Beep]  Got your text. Find it a little odd that you're in Canada snowboarding without your snowboard. [Laughter] Take the shot, pledgie. [Coughs] That's a good girl. [Dramatic Music] ♪ No, no, please. I don't want to. You don't want to what? Be a sister? You can leave anytime you want, but we don't take too kindly to losing pledges, so if you do, I'll be # angry, and, Grace, I don't think you'll like me when I'm # angry. I want to be a sister. Good girl. This little pledgie is a bitch. This little pledgie is a slut. This little pledgie is a whore. Are you gonna cry, little pledgie? Here. Look up and smile.  ♪ [Cell Phone Beeping] Yaaaas, babe! It's almost the start of pledge week. Get up. Come on. ♪ Give it up to my girls all around the world ♪ Hey, have you been checking the shared Zeta cal? I updated it last night and this morning. Yes. And I'm so excited to lead the chant. I know I've been kind of MIA with these crazy study sessions, but I am here for this. Hey, do you remember when we met, freshman year in those disgusting dorm bathrooms? Yes, you told me that you liked my shower shoes, and then you said, "Hi, I'm Kennedy", your new best friend." Look, I know that you only pledged because I begged you, but you have to admit, it's been a pretty great three years. Oh, God. We were such babies then. And I met you the same week I met Nate. [Cell Phone Chimes] Isn't it crazy how one week can just set the rest of your life in motion? [Cell Phone Buzzes And Chimes] Hey, look at what those Kappa bitches did to their pledge. Are you gonna cry, little pledgie? That's awful. Look up and smile. And so degrading. Hey, should we head back? Yeah, let's go. [Upbeat Music] ♪ Rush Kappa. We're friends forever. That's the worst video I've ever seen, and I've seen some ISIS videos. I know, right? They suck. What's going on? What's... happening here? You just seem... happy? I'm just in a good mood. All right, well, just keep it to yourself 'cause it's kind of freaking me out. Okay, so the pledge is a sophomore named Grace Webber, and she's not their usual type. They just gave her a bid because she's a legacy. Are you gonna cry, little pledgie? This is sexual assault, no question. Stripping someone down and writing on their body... it's awful. Isn't this video grounds to have their charter taken away? I mean, why hasn't the school shut them down? People have tried to get them in trouble, but there's no incriminating evidence. Like the masks, for example. And we can't trace them digitally either. Someone really knew what they were doing, because this video is scrubbed clean. Both : Let's get them. Yes. I love it when we say things in unison. It's so badass. [Laughs] Okay, so the Kappa ruling class is a pyramid. Head bee is Chloe Freeman, and then there's her two henchmen, Lindsay C. And Lindsay B., but Kappa's like a hydra. You kill one ruling class, and just a hungrier clique of monsters just claw their way in. We need to take down the institution. You said the only reason that they don't get caught is because of the lack of evidence, so if we have undeniable proof of their sick hazing, no one will be able to save them. We could take this wider than the school. We could leak it. HuffPo and Jezebel would just eat this up. But there's no way to get into Kappa. We'd need someone to pledge. Why are you pulling that face? Did you eat street meat again? Oh, no. That was a fool-me-once situation. I just... I'm just... it's just, I'm... a Kappa legacy. Ex-squeeze me? I'm a Kappa legacy, okay? My mom's on the board of Kappa National, and they try and recruit me every year. [Laughs] Oh, my God. [Laughs] Oh, my God. Oh, my God. I'm laughing so much that it hurts. Oh, my God. Oh. Oh, I have to go and run some errands. Oh. I will... I will be back for the makeover. The what now? Hey, no glitter. I'm not wearing any glitter. She's gone, so who am I talking to? [Digable Planets' "Rebirth Of Slick [Cool Like Dat]"] No. No touchies. It is very delicate. [Sighs] Listen to these articles I was assigned for law journal. "Designing Race-Based Remedies for Equal Protection Violations in Stop-and-Frisk Cases," "The Use of Criminal History Information in College Admissions." My editor only assigns me pieces from the point of view of the black gaze. Like Frank Ocean. Not gays, gaze. G-A-Z-E. You do know you are a black man, right? Yes, you do. Okay. Well, look, if you have a problem with it, you should say something. Talk to your editor. Yeah. I have to tell her I don't want to be pigeonholed. If I'm going to get pigeonholed. I'm pigeoning my own hole, thank you. ♪ Yo, I funk like that ♪ Yup, definitely say it like that. End on the pigeoning your own hole. ♪ We freak like that, we zoom like that ♪ 
♪ We out, we out ♪ Yas, yas, yas, girl. Oh, yas. Yas, yas, yas, yas, girl. Ow! I'm sorry. You're being a yas-hole, and I didn't know how to stop it. What is going on with you? I guess what I'm asking is, what are you taking, and can I have some? I'm not taking anything. I am happy. I don't know; I haven't had nightmares in a couple weeks, and stuff at the house feels fun again, and things with Tyler are going so well. That is so great. What? Nothing. No, if you say you're doing well, then I believe you. I am doing well. You know what? I finally feel like myself again. Ow. Okay, now your hair. [Upbeat Pop Music] ♪ Oh, no ♪ [Knock At Door]  ♪ Hi, I'm Fefe Mayer. I'm here to pledge. Is this Bobbi Mayer's daughter? Sure is. Wow. Well, come on in. Thank you. Hi. Wow, that's... Girls, this is Fefe. Hi, everyone. [Knock At Door] Come in. You have a visitor. Thanks, Mac. So I saw your old one had a tear in it. Thought I'd upgrade you. Did you draw these? I love it. Thank you. Mm, Officer Dad is watching us. [Laughs] Everybody downstairs! [Girls Cheering] Ah... That's my cue. When can I see you? When the statue of Washington across campus is hot pink. That's our prank this year. And when I'm done, I'm yours. I'll keep my eyes on George. Okay. [Pop Music Playing] Is this Bobbi Mayer's daughter? Sure is. Wow. Well, come on in. Thank you. [Cell Phone Buzzing And Chiming] Hello. Well, today was a dumpster fire. I think I may be permanently damaged from all the Kappa vibes. Chloe is the worst. I mean, she's the love child of a CrossFit instructor and Mussolini. I got some awesome stuff, though. Hey, you ready for tomorrow? Can't wait. It sounds like you're having so much fun. I am. You were totally off base earlier. [Static Crackling] Uh, sure. Yeah, yeah. I'm gonna have to call you back.  ♪ [Pounding On Door] [Power Winds Down] Ophelia? Mom. What are you doing here? Oh. I was picking out linens for the amfAR gala when I got a call from Shelby at Kappa National that you were pledging. I am thrilled to personally welcome you into the fold. Joining Kappa is one of the best decisions I've made. I just know that Kappa's gonna come to mean as much to you as it did to me. Wow. What a turn of events. Oh, come here, my little pledgie. Oh, now we're hugging. [Chuckles] [Clock Ticking] [Door Opens] Nate, what are you doing in here? Stop it. No. I don't want... I don't want... Why didn't you tell me, Jules? [Breathing Heavily] [Hip-Hop Music] Please stop. The first morning of pledge week is a big deal. You'll want these later for your Kappa scrapbook. God, I am glad that green hair is gone. It was completely wrong for your coloring. What is that thing? Breakfast burrito. Oh, no. Just the thought of that makes me need to use the ladies'. [Cell Phone Buzzes] [Cell Phone Chimes] I'm watching the door to Kappa. Why aren't you there yet? Okay, yeah, slight complication. My mother, Kappa Queen Bobbi Mayer, decided to pay a visit when she heard about Fefe. Rats. Are you still okay to go through with the plan? Oh, yeah, I mean, if anything, it makes taking down Kappa way easier. Are you okay? You sound a little nuts. Yeah, I'm great. I'm totally fine. I just... I didn't sleep, but I'm fine. Just keep me updated. I want to know what's happening. Did you have another nightmare? I'm fine. I just didn't sleep. How do you use that bathroom? I think I just saw a roach making love to some mold. Oh, yeah, that's just Harold. [Chuckles] I got to go.  ♪ Welcome to Kappa, you grimy-ass bitches. Welcome to Zeta, my queens. This week is all about sisterly bonding. We call pledge week "hell week" for a reason. Kappa's not a pussy sorority, like those twats over at... The sisterhood of Zeta Zeta Psi, the ultimate female-empowering community. Each of you deserves to be here. Know that we feel blessed and honored that you chose to join us too. Hear me loud and clear. We do not tolerate weaklings or quitters. This is hard-core, you dumb... Goddesses. This week will end in a classic prank. We're painting George Washington bright pink. If you want to be Kappa, you eat, sleep, piss, and sh1t Kappa. Make Zeta your sun and your stars. You are all Khaleesis in our eyes. Consider us your khalasar. It's finally time. Hold on to your fat asses. Let hell week begin. Let pledge week begin. Lower. [Girls Coughing And Groaning] Lower. Lower. Closer! Closer, or you get the paddle! Come again? You heard me. I'll go full Whomping Willow on your ass. You gonna cry, pledgie? It just smells so bad. This person needs a lot more fiber in their life. [Squishing] Ugh! Time for cookie decorating! Yay! [Indistinct Chatter] Mmm. Jules. Ahhh, delivery for Kennedy Cates. All : Aww. Hey, babe, thank you. Wait. You never bring me deliveries yourself. What's going on? Nothing. I just... I really miss you. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I don't believe you. But they smell really good. [Giggles] Okay, now get out. Sister time. All right. No. Have fun, ladies. Bye! Bye! [Sighs] Hey, do you think Omega's gonna prank us? Jules? Sorry. I'll be right back. I just have to get something from my room. How's your piece on mitigating race-based juror biases coming? Yeah, that's why I'm here. I'm not going to write that piece. Oh. I can write about more than black issues. Of course; I just thought the other issues were what you wanted to focus on. We don't force stories here. So what have you got? Pitch me. Well, have this theory about the recent crimes. I know it's kind of out there, but I think there might be a vigilante on the Darlington campus. A vigilante? I know it sounds insane. And yes, I do read a ton of comic books. But I have a very visceral hunch that all these crimes are connected. This theory sounds ridiculous. We can't print this unless we have irrefutable evidence that this is more than just a visceral hunch. But if you can back this up, you could have something tremendous on your hands. Bachelorette or Two in the Pink? Are these the official paint names? [Girls Screaming] Oh, my God. Oh, my God. We got breakfasted by Omega Theta. It's real maple syrup. Okay, new plan. Eff that statue. We are going to Omega Theta. We have all the paint. Oh, we'll still use the paint. Revenge is a dish best served Zeta. [Girls Cheering] Oh, my God, I can't even walk. How did we... [Dark Music] ♪ [Gasps] Do you remember when Beyoncé canceled her performance at the amfAR gala and I had to call Dahlia Schafer, who convinced Rihanna to sub last-minute? Dahlia Schafer is a Kappa. Things like that happen all the time. You're becoming part of a well-connected sisterhood of powerful women, and your bold and rebellious spirit will be a great addition. It's all I ever wanted for you. You know, I still have that picture of me in front of the Eloise painting. Well, you were my Eloise. 
 
 [Knock At Door] Oh, would you? Jules. So this is Jules. Well, come in. Please join us. Get a shoulder rub. Oh, I'm... I've heard so much about you. And I have heard so much about you. Ophelia, go with Jules next time you get your hair done. Her color is perfect. Totally. What's the name of your salon? Can I steal you for a sec? Okay, will you just slow down? My nails aren't dry yet. Ow. What the hell? You want to know the name of my salon? It's called You're Not Blonde, Ophelia. What is going on? Okay, well, that's a really long name for a salon. Okay, all right. What? I'm not allowed to be girly, ever? Also, you're not supposed to be here. You didn't send updates. I'm checking in. You want an update? Okay. I'm actually having a really great time with my mom. We're bonding. Which are words I've never put in that order before. Not with Bobbi. With the mission. Oh, fine. Yeah, it's coming along. Are you having second thoughts? It's just, I was wondering if maybe we're on the wrong side of this thing. I mean, the pledges, they are so excited to be there, even when it's terrible. Maybe we think it's bad only 'cause it's different. What are you talking about? They're evil. Did they rewire your brain or something? No. You know what? Maybe I'm just more open-minded than you. You only see the world through your damaged Jules goggles. Wow, that was... that was super mean. You know, maybe you're meant to be a Kappa after all. Hey, just remember Grace while you're here getting pampered. [Soft Music] ♪ Oh, could you get her, please? Where did Jules go? Umm... Ah, she had to go back to Zeta, so... So I was thinking, how would you like to spend the summer at the house in East Hampton? I'd actually really like that. Well, great. Bring your friends. We'll pay for the Jitney tickets. I just can't wait to meet your new Kappa squad. Wait, did I use that right? Squad? Yeah. Could you do that a little harder, please? Okay. It's lockbox time. Here are the rules: No eating, no sleeping. You get one pee bucket, and if it overflows, you get the paddle. When we come back, all the cigars and kegs better be finito, or else none of you get into Kappa! You have three hours. Best of luck. Okay, this is insane. Obviously we're not going to... [Lighters Flicking] [Girls Coughing] [Sighs] Thanks. Will, right? Who are you? Harris James. I have a few questions about your break-in. I'm sorry, man. I'm not interested. Please? It's for a criminology paper I'm writing. Yeah, I said no. Your crime is such an anomaly. They didn't steal anything. There has to be some other reason they chose you. Look, man, tell whoever it is... Beth, her new guy, whoever sent you... I got the message. It's not gonna happen again. I love this... [Girl Retching] But in theory, couldn't we just leave? Right? [Sighs] How about you, Grace? I mean, you can't like any of this. They're so awful. Why don't you just quit? I can't. The last time I tried to quit, she... Well, you saw the video. I have to be a Kappa. I don't want to be a loser anymore. Loser? You're not a loser. I had no friends in high school, and I know I only got in because I'm a legacy, but this is my chance. [Girl Retches] I finally belong somewhere. Sarah? Sarah, Sarah? Sarah. Sarah, wake up. Hello? Help. Sarah passed out. Your time's not up yet. Come on, Sarah. Come on. [Dramatic Music] What the balls?  ♪ I can't find a way out. How is she? Those kegs better be empty! [Coughing And Gagging] Ew. Gross. Take her to the ER. Ask for Dr. Henry when you get her stomach pumped. He'll keep it on the DL. So what do you think of your legacy? What? This is the house that Bobbi built. The lock-in was actually the keystone hazing ritual when your mom was president. [Screams] Ugh! Uh! Oh!  ♪ Pledges, are you ready to prove that you are completely dedicated to the sisterhood of Zeta Zeta Psi? 'Cause this is the moment of truth. Tonight Omega Theta runs pink. [Girls Cheering] The Omega boys are out until 11:00 p.m. There is a clock on this, people. Come with me. What are we doing? Let's go inside and steal the Omega paddle. We've always joked about it. Here's our chance. I have to finish the lion. Okay, you're hilarious. Come on, let's go. Seriously, I don't think that we should. Why are you being so weird about this? We have wanted to steal that paddle since, like, freshman year. Let's just stay out here. You heard Mackenzie. There's not enough time. Oh, my God. Okay, we'll be in and out. Let's just go. Kennedy, I don't want to go in there. Okay, what the hell is wrong with you? The paddle is... I just... I don't care about the stupid paddle, okay? It's just... it's so trivial, Kennedy. We're painting a house because someone put maple syrup on you. I mean, like, what are we. five years old? Okay, you need to check yourself. I don't know who this person you're being right now is, but they are not a Zeta sister, and they are certainly not my best friend. I mean, what happened to you, Jules? I can't figure out what's going on with you, and I go out of my way to help you, and all I get are excuses and "I'm sorry," and... Are you too cool for us? Is that it? 'Cause I can't figure out... I go out of my way for you all the time, and all I get are excuses and "I'm sorry." [Voice Fades] Jules! [Soft Dramatic Music] ♪ Are you even listening to me?  ♪ I can't do this anymore. Can't do what, Jules?  ♪ Can you talk to me? [Knock At Door] Hey, I need to show you something. Whoa, you planted a lot of cameras. These aren't my cameras. I was locked in a basement with a bunch of vomiting pledges when I open up a door and step through the looking glass into Alice's CIA-level server room. The entire Kappa house is bugged. They record themselves 24-7. Oh, hang on. Chloe Freeman is running a hazing site. This is sick. Does your mom... No. No, she has no idea. This would kill her. I also hacked into their Bitcoin. Check this out. They made 20,000... this week. Well, what do you say we teach them a lesson the old-fashioned way? Thought you'd never ask. The pledges will be here in ten minutes. Lindsay B., if you laugh during the ceremony, I swear to God... [Shrieks] What the hell? I've been doing Barry's Boot Camp since I was 12. Bring it on, bitch. Oh, I will. Two against one? Hardly a fair fight. [Lykke Li'S "Get Some"] [Girls Grunting] ♪ Don't pull your pants ♪ 
♪ Before I go down ♪ 
♪ Don't turn away ♪ 
♪ This is my time ♪ 
♪ Like a shotgun ♪ Son of a... ♪ Needs an outcome ♪ 
♪ I'm your prostitute ♪ 
♪ You gon' get some ♪ 
♪ ♪ Go ahead, go way low where I can do no harm ♪ 
♪ Got you around my finger like a lonely lover's charm ♪ 
♪ Like a lonely lover's charm ♪ I don't know why people think that only works on boys. Are you gonna cry, little pledgie? Sexual assault and filming pledges without consent? Now, what does that sound like to you? I mean, I'm no expert, but I think it's illegal pornography, a felony. Okay, whatever you want, we'll do it. You're going to turn yourselves in to the school for hazing. You had a come-to-Jesus and needed to disband Kappa. Then girlhaze.com is shut down. Or you could test us, and we'll expose your operations to the police. I'm sure you'll make pretty little prison bitches. Oh, and all the money that you made, well, we rerouted it to a battered women's shelter. You're welcome. [Hip-Hop Music] Hey, I got your text. What's up? You know that guy Will Powell, right? Know of him. He's kind of a creep. What do you mean? There's a rumor going around that he date-raped a girl last year. Do you know what her name was? Was it Beth? I think so. Yeah, that sounds right. Why all the questions? I'm working on something for my law journal about... just doing some research. You know, I always had a thing for Encyclopedia Brown. Sorry, was that okay? No, that was good. It was more than good. Whoo! That bathroom is now Chernobyl. I mean, it's gonna be years before anyone can... go in there. Ophelia, you know Fiona. Yeah. I was totally joking about the toilet thing. But also, don't go in there. What happened to the blonde hair? Oh, Fefe? Yeah, she died. [Knock At Door] Come in. I know I was supposed to wait until the actual George Washington statue turned pink, but it was taking so long. Get in here. So how was pledge week? 'Cause the vibe downstairs is kind of weird. I was looking forward to it so much, but I just... it wasn't like how I remembered. Umm... It's hard to explain. Maybe you've outgrown it. Yeah. Okay, I'm gonna tell you a story, but I ask that you wait to make fun of me until the end. So when I was in junior high, my buddy Ray and I were really into break dancing. Yeah, it was legit. [Laughs] And then in ninth grade, I broke my femur while I was skateboarding, and it was during that time that I got really into art. I started drawing comics while I was holed up with my cast on, and... Ray and I tried to hang once I got better, but it just wasn't the same. You don't have to make any radical decisions until you're ready. It took me a while to admit to myself that I had moved on, but the minute I did, I just seriously felt like a weight had been lifted. That was a really nice story. I do... I have one question. Yes, I did have a break-dancing name. It was Kid Spice. [Both Laugh] Oh, my gosh. Can I tell you something weird? Yeah, of course. So my brother, Carter, remember I told you he was snowboarding? I went to his apartment the other day, and his board was still there. It just doesn't make sense. Yeah, that is weird. Umm... I mean, there has to be an explanation. Like, he's someone that gets in trouble with the law, right? Yeah. Yeah, a lot. Well, maybe he, like, took it one step too far and he had to, like, leave town really fast, like, too fast to get his stuff, even. Yeah, I was thinking the same thing. I just feel kind of responsible. Hey, no. You're not responsible. Carter did some bad things. I know, I know, but... I just keep thinking about the last time I saw him. We got in a fight... a bad one. Threw some punches. I'm so sorry. I can't imagine what you're going through. Yeah, not ideal. I like talking to you. Yeah, me too. Yes, but you're not listening to reason. Right, but you are punishing an entire house for the actions of a few girls. [Knock At Door] You know what? You'll be hearing from me. Have you heard? Chloe got Kappa disbanded. She turned them in for hazing. Why is your hair green? Seems more like me. Wonderful. Oh, this is a mess. Don't worry. You will still be a Kappa. I'll make sure of that. Mom, don't dig too far into this, okay? I mean, even if Kappa was miraculously reinstated, I don't want to be a part of it. Well, you don't mean that. This will all blow over. I promise. Look, Chloe and her friends are not good people, and the only good thing that came out of this week is the time I got to spend with you. Now, come on. Let's go get dinner. I should really get back to the city. You know how hard it is for your father without me there. Ahh... Yeah. Okay, yeah. We will spend time together this summer in the Hamptons. Yeah, we'll see. Look, I don't want to implicate him further, but Carter sent me a text. He said he's snowboarding till this blows over. You know, I hit him back and asked him to come home, but he's gone radio silent. I don't know what to do. Well, look, man, we actually already ran a trace on his cell phone. We saw that it had pinged a cell tower up in Canada, but when we inquired with local law officials, we didn't get very far. Did the phone records show anything else or... We can locate it by calculating the distance between cell towers, right? And we determine someone's vicinity based on which tower the cell phone pings. We had a ping up in Mont-Sainte-Anne up near Quebec a couple days ago, but... before that, he went dark for ten days. Well, where did his phone ping before he went dark? These three cell towers here, but this is every day for him. He's working at the garage. He's going about his normal routine all the way up until Tuesday of that week, the same day that he didn't show to talk to you at Beans. But this one, this cell tower here, this is a complete anomaly. This happened the night before he went dark. There's only one area that hits the cell tower. It's all the way up on the edge of town near the cemetery. I'm sorry, man. I wish that I had more information for you. Well, can I take a picture of this? Yeah. [Camera Clicking] Thanks. [Somber Music] ♪ Hey...umm... look, I... I know there's something going on with you, and I don't understand it, but... I'm here when you want to talk. Thank you. I love you. I love you too. Hey, do you want half? I made it with grilled tomatoes. Sure.  ♪ [Dramatic Music] ♪ What did you do, man? ♪ 
♪ Smile, the worst is yet to come ♪ 
♪ We'll be lucky if we ever see the sun ♪ 
♪ Got nowhere to go, we could be here for a while ♪ 
♪ The future is forgiven, so smile. ♪ 
♪ We're trying so hard to get it all right ♪ 
♪ But only feel lonely at the end of the night ♪ 
♪ I wanna be somewhere away from this place ♪ You're right. I'm not dealing well. I know. ♪ Well, call me loser, call me thief ♪ But you were right. I was lying to myself about Bobbi. Yeah, I know. ♪ I wanna be loved ♪ Seems like we both went through hell week. Yeah, I guess so. For what it's worth... I'm sorry. That Kennedy stuff just can't be easy. Yeah, thanks. Oh, Bobbi's wrong, by the way. The green's awesome. Thanks. ♪ Smile ♪ 
♪ The worst is yet to come ♪ This is really good. Right? ♪ We'll be lucky if we ever see the sun ♪ Thanks. ♪ Got nowhere to turn ♪ 
♪ And we've got nothing but time ♪ 
♪ But the future is forever ♪ 
♪ The future is forever ♪ 
♪ So smile ♪ 
♪ Oh, smile the worst is yet to come ♪ What do you know about Will and Tommy? What do you want to know? Two is a theory. Three... It's a pattern. Next on "Sweet/Vicious"... What kind of idiot assaults someone 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 