Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x08 - Back to Black - Sweet/Vicious 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x08 - Back to Black https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=784&t=30618 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/18/17 03:23 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x08 - Back to Black 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Sweet/Vicious"... 
 I don't think that it's working. 
 I can't do this anymore. 
 But I had a change of heart. 
 Tell me more about what you found. 
 Mom, I told you I haven't heard from Carter in weeks. I need to file a Missing Persons Report. I think that I was sexually assaulted. He's my best friend's boyfriend. Oh, I see. There's something I need to tell you. I just wanted you to tell me what was going on and you lied, so why should I believe you now? What exactly did he tell you? He told me enough. You're drunk in a men's bathroom waiting to knife It's the only way that I can get better. You need to talk about what happened to you. Are you finally ready to share? [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ ["Blood in the Cut" by K.Flay playing] ♪ ♪ I need noise ♪ 
♪ I need the buzz of a sub ♪ 
♪ Need the crack of a whip ♪ 
♪  Need some blood in the cut ♪ ♪ I need noise ♪ 
♪  I need the buzz of a sub ♪ ♪ Need the crack of a whip ♪ Are you sure this will work? Positive. It's his hit list. All he has to do is see the name. ♪ Blood in the cut  ♪ ♪ I need blood in the cut ♪ 
♪ I need blood in the cut ♪ ♪ Blood in the cut ♪ Oop. Seriously? You guys haven't done it yet? Oh, we have. This is round three? Yeah. Evan! What? What? Oh, come on. I'm not ashamed. The human body is a beautiful thing. Go put on your pants. Okay. It's nice to see you on the up and up. Support group has made a huge difference. I feel so much better. Yeah? Have any Zetas been in touch? No, but it's fine. Whatever. I can deal with it. They remind me of stuff I don't want to remember, so it feels good to start fresh. Well, I have some fun news for you. I checked the video feed for the wall. Sorry. Mm. Things got pretty weird this morning. Snack. All righty. Muah! Bye. How's this gonna work? You're gonna be a girlfriend and a vigilante? Hey, you did it. Yeah, and how did that work out? Fair. Look, I'm just doing double duty, girlfriending in the day time, vigilante'ing at night, unless I come home from vigilante'ing and I want to do some girlfriending. The point is he's not clingy, and he doesn't ask a lot of questions, so can I please show you this now? There is a new name on the wall. "Brady Teller." Looks like we got our next target. I've got a lot to go over with you. This one's special. So tell me more about this guy. Well, he's a real fart knocker, also rapist, mostly rapist. Um, this was a really strong case, but it got dismissed by the school. Classic President Mays. Mm. He assaulted an international student at a party at his fraternity house. They threw out the case because the reporting party contacted Brady so many times post-incident. Reporting party? Yeah. The girl, Cindy, she's the reporting party. The bracelet she was wearing snapped off her wrist. She wanted it back, so she texted Brady about it, but ultimately that was used against her when they did the investigation. So there are multiple witnesses who saw him feeding her drinks and making her do shot races. They all saw her go up to his room completely incapacitated. Brady is exactly the kind of rapist the vigilante's gonna go after. So we're gonna be protecting a rapist, Barton? Well, yes, but only until he leads us to the vigilante. Then I'm gonna make sure Cindy is vindicated. Really? More flowers from Nate? If he sends one more bouquet, I'm gonna have a nervy b-down. He's been there since 6:00 a.m. I told him to go home, but he refused to leave. Okay. I'll handle it. I told you I needed time. You can't just keep showing up here. I know. I just need five minutes, and then I promise I'll leave. No. I can't. Not right now. Please, I made a mistake. A mistake? Nate, a mistake is forgetting to get me a birthday present. You slept with my best friend... and she's saying that you... She's saying that I what? She said you raped her. That's insane. I would never do that to her or anybody. You know that. You know me. But do you know Jules? Uh, what is that supposed to mean? Look, I know how hard this must be for you, but you said it yourself. She has been lying to you all semester. She told you that story because she isn't brave enough to own up to what we did. If you still love me, we... We can get through this. Do you? I... I don't... I don't know. Okay, I... I have to go, and... and you need to go. Go home. ♪  Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh ♪ Oh, hello there. It's nice to see your face detached from Evan's. You know, all we do is hang, have s*x, and play video games. It's the best. I can't believe I used to knock relationships. I know. I know. We were so bitter. It's probably because we were alone. Fiona is amazing. She really opens my mind. Plus, she has this swing. It just... Nope. No thank you. She ride... No, I can't deal with this imagery. You ready to go? Oh, yeah. Muah! I'll be right back. Go get my stuff. Are you guys coming to the Bacchanal tomorrow night? What now? The Bacchanal. It's the best night of the year. The theme is Greek. How very on the nose. You guys should come. All of the fraternities open their doors. All the frats are open? No, thank you. I cannot go to an undergrad party. I'm happy you want an old, distinguished gentleman such as myself by your side, but I can't. My reputation would suffer. Ah, yes, your esteemed reputation as Harris James, important law student with much better things to do and a cat allergy. Cats are garbage. We know this. Well, yeah. Well, you're not allergic to all cats. Mm. Meow. Yeah, I'm upset. It's an upsetting thing to see. Brady, you're in grave danger. Because you're an accused rapist, it's likely you'll be the target of a vigilante attack on campus just like Tommy Cope and Will Powell. I need to go to the cops. That won't be necessary. These young women are totally out of control with their accusations, dragging innocent young men such as yourself under the bus. I mean, if you go to the cops, who knows what they're gonna do for you? You don't want to unearth this unfounded charge again, do you? No. I guess no. I'm here to help. As a member of the Darlington Police Force, I can offer you protection. A small team will be trailing you 24-7. Okay. Sounds good. And keep this to yourself. Telling anyone about this could jeopardize the entire operation. You know, if word gets out, I won't be able to contain and expose the vigilante. Okay. Oh! So hot! Hot. Hot-hot-hot-hot. Oh, my God, it's so hot. [line trilling] Yo, dude. What's up? Have you heard of the Bacchanal? Yeah, of course. It's the biggest Greek party of the year. Well, I think we should take down Brady  during the party at his frat. I've been reading his emails. Check this. "These freshy hoes gonna get mad drunk on the jungle juice. "Let's make sure to make it extra strong this year. Time to get our Ds wet." It's disgusting. Look, I know the party is super-public... No, I love it. Sounds good. I got to go. I'm walking into support group. That's my girl. [tense rock music] ♪ [dramatic music] ♪ [sighs] ♪  ♪ Hey, Brady, did you get the kegs? Yeah, hold up. I'll be right there. [hip-hop music downstairs] ♪ [line trilling] Go for Barton. Dude, I think someone was just in my room. I knew it. It's all happening. This is great. I mean, I'll be there as soon as I can. As soon as you can? I thought you were tailing me. What if he comes at me while you're scratching your balls on the other side of campus, huh? By the time I call you and wait for your fat ass  to get over here, I could be dead. I can correct this. Pizza place. Tomorrow. 12:30. [phone beeps] Hey. Hi. Is Jules around? Uh, no. Jules doesn't live here any more. She didn't tell you? We're not really talking right now. Oh. We broke up a few weeks ago. She didn't tell you? Oh. Weird. Why'd she leave? You'd have to ask her that. Do you know where I can find her? No, I don't. Okay. Well, look, if you see Jules, can you just tell her that I... I'm not gonna see her, okay? I'm sorry. I got to go. Man... even in a fictional world, I am victorious. Uh-huh. Ooh, hello. What are you doing tonight? Ooh, turtle time. Ooh, I'm covering the freshman field trip, and they want to go to the New England Aquarium. Apparently the turtles are in heat. Oh. Oh, but that's such a bummer. I was gonna ask if you wanted to go to the Bacchanal with me, but you know, turtles. Wait, you're going to a party on Greek Row on purpose? Yeah, it's a social experiment. I want to see how long I can be around frat bros before I try and kill myself. Oh, well, I'm sorry I have to miss it. Yeah. Well, you know what they say, "Horny turtles ruin everything." Yeah, I think my grandma has that embroidered on a pillow. Mm-hmm. Come on, ride? Three-pointer. Kobe. What the [bleep] is this? It was my mom's I've-fallen-and-I-can't-get-up button to use in case of emergencies, but then she started pressing it whenever she wanted me to massage her feet, so now it's yours. A panic button. Cool. If you're attacked, just press this button and I'll be alerted of your exact location. And you aren't gonna mess it up this time? No, I'm not gonna mess it up this time. Sick. Thanks, man. [silently] The whole week is gonna be out of control. I know. I know. I am so psyched for Bacchanal. Did you get Kennedy to change her mind? No. I mean, how's it gonna look if I show up to the party without her? She's being ridiculous. Say no more, okay? You know how I'm  the  king of romantic comedies? Do I know that? Listen, man, being a lover of the genre has gotten me more ass than you could ever imagine. One "Love Actually" quote and girls are sliding off their panties. Please don't make me watch "Love Actually." Just listen to what I say, okay? I'm gonna help you get Kennedy back, and then we will have the sickest Bacchanal ever. Look, I just want some answers, Veach. I know, man, but this is the sixth time that you've asked me in two days. Look, you just filed Carter's Missing Persons Report last week. Can you just give me some thing to... Tyler, just hang tight, okay? If we find any thing, I will give you a call. Oh, my gosh. I'm so sorry. No worries, babe. Oh, cute costume. Uh, these are my pajamas. I'm not going tonight. Ugh. I hate you, and I love you. Are you sure you don't want to come? Yeah, I think a night on the couch with some "Pretty Woman" is way more my speed. Now, you guys be safe, okay? Okay. Bye. Good night. Call us if you need some thing. Yep. [doorbell rings] [sighs] MacKenzie, I promise I am fine. What... what are you doing? ["Silent Night" playing] ♪ All is calm ♪ _ No one can hear the music. I'm wearing headphones. No, I'm doing a... I'm doing a thing. ♪  Round young virgin ♪ Miles, she doesn't get it. You're money, baby. Keep going. She loves it. Okay. ♪  ♪ ♪ Holy infant so tender and mild ♪ Oh. Oh, God, no. W... Why? Yeah, I know it's a weird part of the movie too. [Lisa Loeb's "Stay (I Missed You)"] ♪ You say I talk so all the time ♪ Miles got really in to this. It's okay, dude. God, what is this song? I have no idea. Do you jabronis know how hard it was to find a boom box? I... I have curated a mash-up of the most romantic gestures in the history of cinema! ♪ Now I know that I did something wrong ♪ Close with "Pretty Woman." ♪  ♪ ♪  Yeah, yeah, I missed you ♪ ♪  ♪ ♪  And you say ♪ ♪  I only hear what I want to ♪ ♪  I don't listen hard,  I don't pay attention ♪ I love you so much. I'm so sorry that I hurt you. ♪  If you really care ♪ ♪  I'm only hearing negative,  no, no, no ♪ Would you please do me the honor of accompanying me to the Bacchanal? ♪ So I turned the radio on, I turned the radio up ♪ 
♪  And this woman  was singing my song ♪ Wow, Jules, you look like someone else. Can you excuse us for a second? What's happening? Did a Sephora explode on your face? I'm... I'm Brady bait. I'll pretend to be wasted at the party, and then I'll tell him to meet me upstairs, and then you and I will get changed in the bathroom next to his room, and we'll take him down. Wait, how do you know there's a bathroom next to his room? I mean on his floor. Come on, we don't want to be late. Oh, great. Oh, I made it just in time. Um, what... what are you doing here? What happened to the turtles? Oh, no, I got another RA to cover for me so I could go with you. You seemed so disappointed when I said I couldn't go, so surprise. I got you this. Oh, wow. Thank... wow. This is... wow. You didn't have to. Seriously. You know what? Great. Now that you're here, we can go. Can you excuse us for a moment? Yeah. They do that a lot. Oh. What the F? You can't invite your boyfriend to a takedown. Oh, calm down. I can totally "Mrs. Doubtfire" this sitch and be both girlfriend and Batman. No. Evan's gonna be a distraction. If anything, he's an alibi. 
 
 Hey! You guys ready? I told him not to disturb you guys during a sidebar. He wouldn't listen. It's cool. We are all set. Tonight is gonna be great. [upbeat rock music] Brady, people are here. Let's go. Yeah, I'll be right there. ♪  ♪ [hip-hop music] ♪ ♪ Oh, sweet God, that banner is a spectacular nightmare. Hey, Ev, could you maybe hook us up with some beers? Beers. Split up and find Brady. On it. It does look pretty fun. [knock at door] [laughs] What's up, man? Hey. What... is Jules around? Uh... Kennedy said she moved out of Zeta. I thought maybe she'd be with Ophelia. You just missed her. They went to the Bacchanal. Damn it. I really want to get her back. We're going to the Bacchanal, and you can win Jules back. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'll just... I'll tell her how I feel. With your body on the dance floor. Or with words in a quiet hallway. Perfect. Yeah. Yeah, I can go to an undergrad party if I'm wingmanning a grand romantic plan. Wha... I mean, I could just go by myself if I... No. You need me for moral support. I'll sacrifice my night for you, bud, and if I have to party in the process, so be it. ["All Night" by Chance The Rapper playing] ♪ Drinking all night, I been drinking, ay ay ♪ 
♪ All night, I been drinking all night ♪ 
♪ I been drinking, ay ay ♪ 
♪ All night, I been drinking all night ♪ 
♪ I been drinking, ay ay ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ Everybody outside, everybody outside ♪ 
♪ all night, no ♪ 
♪ everybody wanna smile ♪ Hey, you're Brady, right? Yeah. ♪ Oh, now you wanna build, oh, now you got the bill ♪ I've, um, heard a lot about you. Don't worry. It's only good things. Weird. Hey, you wanna get out of here? Uh, no, I'm okay. Why don't you go find someone else? ♪ You just wanna talk about politics ♪ 
♪  Chicago sh1t  and rocket ships, shut up ♪ 
♪ Start dancing, hoe ♪ 
♪ All night, I been drinking all night ♪ 
♪  I been drinking all night,  I been drinking, ay ay ♪ Hey, are you ready to party-hop? Oh, yeah, my feet kind of hurt, but you go. I'll catch up with you. No. I'm not going anywhere without you. What? Let's find you a couch. ♪ Faking like a fan, asking for a pic ♪ 
♪  You should use your phone,  call a Uber ♪ 
♪ You a goofy if you think I don't know you need a Lyft ♪ Whoo!  ♪ Take a picture of me in my toga! Coming up. Hey. ♪  ♪ [dramatic music] ♪ ["Painted" by MS MR playing] ♪ Monday is January ♪ 
♪ Friday is December ♪ 
♪ The calendar mean nothing ♪ You certainly wasted no time. Oh. Oh, I'm sorry, but am I supposed to just wait around until you want me back? You dumped me, Jules, and I saw you with that frat douche earlier. I'm just following your lead. ♪ It's getting old loving everyone else ♪ 
♪  More than you love yourself ♪ ♪  ♪ Hey, um, I need to go find Jules. Oh, no, I'll come with you. No. No, that's okay. It's just girl stuff. I just saw Tyler. I need to make sure she's okay, so stay. ♪ What did you think would happen? ♪ 
♪ What did you think would happen? ♪ Hey, are you okay? I just saw... everyone. Okay, we should probably just call it, you know, go home. No, if we walk away now, we're just throwing her to the wolves. ♪ When you put me in unnatural space ♪ Where did you get this? And don't lie. I know it's Cindy's. I may have done some solo recon. It's nothing to get upset about. Why would I get upset about some sketchy solo recon? Seems super normal. Chill out. Oh... Oh, I'm chill. I'm the queen of chill. I'm Elsa from "Frozen" chill, but look, this is not cool. When did you even find the time to... ♪ But if you never break, you'll never know ♪ Have you been lying about going to group therapy? We got to make moves now. I'll be right back. ♪  ♪ ♪ Burning bridges from the inside-out ♪ Honey, you need some water. [whispers] Text Brady. I don't feel really good. Do you guys know where my friends are? We're just ordering you a car. It's gonna be outside in minute. ♪ What did you think would happen? ♪ 
♪ What did you think would happen? ♪ 
♪ What did you think would happen? ♪ 
♪ What did you think would happen? ♪ Let's go. ♪ But if you never break, you'll never know ♪ 
♪  It's all you need  to fight a blow ♪ 
♪ What did you think would happen? ♪ Jenny? [phone chimes] Harris. It's going down. Where are you? Ugh! Ugh! Oh! Ugh! [upbeat music] Is this the kind of party you had planned? Thought you'd get a girl drunk and rape her in your room? ♪  And I cut like a knife ♪ ♪ You know I never think twice ♪ 
♪  I'm gonna eat you alive ♪ Have you seen Fiona? No, man. Kennedy just went upstairs to pee. I'll come check with you. ♪  ♪ Ugh! Ohh! ♪ Losing control now, losing control now  ♪ Ah! Ugh! ♪ Losing control now, losing control now  ♪ ♪ Losing control now, I been losing control  ♪ ♪ Give it away, give it away, give it away ♪ 
♪ Give it away, give it away, give it away ♪ 
♪ Give it away, away♪ Ugh! If you ever touch a woman without consent again, we will be back, and we won't be as sweet. You aren't sweet. You're vicious. You're psychos! Ugh! Ugh! Oh! Ugh! ♪ Just about a million ways to harm you ♪ 
♪ All the things I shouldn't say ♪ 
♪ Are the things that when I want to make you happy ♪ 
♪ Only comes out of me ♪ 
♪  ♪ ♪ What if I ♪ What are you doing? Getting justice. This is what he deserves. This is... this is what we do. No. This is not what we do. Look at your face. You're just covered in his blood. You know what? Maybe if you actually went to support group... This is the only way that I feel alive. This... this is the only way that we stop him from turning girls into me. You think that you can just hide behind that mask and everything's okay? You have to deal with what happened to you. And if support group doesn't help, fine, but just... you have to do something. Look at him. Look at his face. This is not you. This is not what we're trying to do. This darkness that's inside of you is just gonna grow bigger and stronger, and then what? And what's next, huh? You beat someone to death? ♪  ♪ I wish I could fix you. I wish I could take away your pain and reverse everything that happened to you, but I can't. But I can tell you that I'm scared, and I just want you to be better, but I can't be the one that heals you, okay, and for that, I'm sorry. ♪  ♪ Yeah, well, you want to fix me? That's so sweet. Poor little rich girl runs to my aid to fix me. I don't need you, Ophelia. I never did. You invaded my life like a disease, and you make mistake after mistake, and you want to know why? Take a guess. 'Cause you told me that first night at Beans, remember? ♪  ♪ Because you are a mistake. ♪ Comes out of me  ♪ ♪  We have got the power  of destruction ♪ You want to be angry and alone? Fine. But I'm not gonna let you ruin my fun. ♪ It's too goddamn hard ♪ 
♪  I'm like porcelain ♪ Help. There's an emergency. Lambda Tau. A kid's been beaten up. ♪  ♪ ♪ Just about a million ways ♪ 
♪ I'm like porcelain ♪ 
♪ I'm like porcelain ♪ [groans] Fudge nipples. Ugh. [door closes] Fun night? I have no idea who that is. I just passed out. Nothing happened. So uh, Jules is staying with you? Yeah. Is everything okay? I think that's a question for Jules. Huh. You, um, have a... I don't want to touch it, but there's a... condom in your hair. Yep. No. Get it out. Get it out! Get it out! I'm not touching it. Tyler, just man-up and get it out. Just... Come on. Here. It's okay. Relax. Did you get it? Nope. Tyler... Nope. Just relax. It's kind of hard to relax. There it is, and there... There it is. Oh. Mm. [door slams] Jules? Great. Student has become the master. [knock at door] Jules is gone. Uh, what? Ghosted. Vanished. She found a port key. I've looked everywhere for her, and she's gone. She told you the truth, and you... you looked the other way. Okay, you actually have no idea what you're talking about. No, I know that you know what happened between Nate and Jules. You saw the change in her after that night. Somewhere deep down beneath the Yas Girls and the Zeta realness, you know the truth, and it terrifies you. Well, it's high time that you grow some balls and do the right thing. She's not well, and you are the only person who can help her now. What's up? Did you find something? No, not yet, but I ran another trace on those text messages. You were right. There's definitely something off about them, and the jump from Darlington to Canada, the... the radio silence in between without any contact to any cell tower... I'm gonna push Ballard again, okay? It's just it's hard to get the boys to rally behind this, because Carter is... Hey, I know, but he's still my brother. I know. I'm working on it, man. I promise. All right, well, thanks for the heads-up, and can you just... if you find anything, will you let me know? Look, man, I've already let you in on more than I should. I got to go. [sighs] [line trilling] Hey, Jules. Look, I just wanted to apologize for last night. Things are really bad with Carter. And if you don't want to talk to me again, I understand, but if you can... Forget it. Never mind. Sorry to bother you. [phone chimes] Ophelia, where are you? [laughs] You know, I've never met someone who made it this hard to be mad at them. I will take that as a compliment if you take my apology for being a dick at Bacchanal. Look, I'm into you an embarrassing amount, and I really messed up, and I'm sorry, and I'm still learning how to be a good girlfriend just like you're still learning how to be good at video games. [laughs] Well, apology not... ♪ 'Cause darling if you call me ♪ 
♪  I'll come running ♪ ♪  Try and stop me ♪ ♪ Turn out all the lights in the dead of night, 'cause... ♪ ["To the Hilt" by BANKS playing] ♪ Kennedy, come here. Come lay with me. All right. [laughs] Mmm. I miss this. ♪ Oh, we didn't know  ♪ I'm glad you realized I was telling the truth. ♪  ♪ ♪ We believed in everything ♪ You know I'd never lie to you. Yeah, I know. ♪ All those times you'd warm my hands ♪ 
♪ Maybe things weren't easy as they seem ♪ Oh, man, I got so much to look forward to. The big game... and then the formal. ♪ We backed each other to the hilt ♪ Nate, stop. Come on. Come on. Come on, Nate, not now. Nate, stop. Hey, Nate! I said stop! What do you want, Kennedy? I thought we were passed all that! ♪ But I miss you on my team ♪ I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to get all... I just, uh... it's just that... it's been really hard, and, uh... I don't want Jules' lies to get between us. [breathing heavily] ♪  ♪ ♪ Hated you for leavin' me ♪ Hey, come here. Come on. Come here. ♪ You were my muse for so long ♪ I'm sorry. [smooches] ♪ Now I'm drained creatively  ♪ [whispers] I'm sorry. ♪ But I miss you on my team ♪ Thought I'd find you here. "Pride and Prejudice" or "Sense and Sensibility"? "Sense and Sensibility." How'd you know where I was? Freshman year you used to sleep here when your roommate put a sock on the door. She sucked. It was always one of my socks. [both chuckle lightly] Grilled cheese with tomatoes. I also have hot sauce in my bag. Both : Swag. [laughs] I'm so sorry, Jules. For everything, for not seeing exactly what was going on with you, for not believing you when you told me the truth. I... I've been thinking a lot about this, and I realized that some part of me, um... Always knew what he really did to you, so... but I just wasn't ready to face it. [sniffles] I can't... I can't imagine what you've been through and the fact that you had to go through that alone. I wasn't really alone. But I should've been there. You're here now. [gentle instrumental music] ♪ [both crying] You have to report this, Jules. He can't just get away with this. You have to tell the school. I tried. They don't want to help me. It's Nate, Kennedy... he's "Mr. Darlington." No. No. Absolutely not, okay? You deserve to be heard... And you will be heard. The school can't just hide their heads in the sand. You're a person. You're my person. And we are gonna fight this. Kennedy Cates doesn't back down from a challenge, and Jules, oh, my God, you are so strong. I'm gonna be there with you every single step of the way, okay? I'll never let you down again. Come here. [both crying] ♪  ♪ Harroos, you would not believe the week I had. All I want to do is smoke this doob and hang with my ride-or-die. You have some thing you want to tell me? Harris, what's going on? ["Everything's All Right" by PARTYBABY playing] ♪ Come on in. ♪ Everything's all right ♪ 
♪  ♪ ♪  Everything's all right ♪ ♪  ♪ ♪ Everything's all right ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 