Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x10 - Pure Heroine - Sweet/Vicious 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x10 - Pure Heroine https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=784&t=30720 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/25/17 07:05 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x10 - Pure Heroine 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Sometimes bad situations happen to good people. 
 Many times, those situations can result in legal ramifications and even jail time. If this has happened to you...  
 We have closed circuit footage of you entering the garage the night your brother was murdered. 
 Yeah, when he didn't show at the bar, I went to find him. 
 Then how do you explain your blood there? 
 We got in a fight a couple weeks earlier. 
 About what? 
 Carter wasn't taking the charges seriously. 
 All right, okay, look, I was mad at Carter, but I swear to you, I didn't kill him. 
 ♪ I don't like to follow the rules ♪ 
♪ and that's just who I am ♪ 
♪ I hope you understand ♪ How are you doing? Huh. Sorry, that's a stupid question, 'cause you're doing horrible. [Chuckles] Great start, Jules. I'm just glad to see you. Me too. I can't believe he's dead, Jules. He's gone, and I found out as I was being taken away in handcuffs for his murder. It feels like a nightmare I can't wake up from. I'm so sorry, Tyler. What have the cops asked you about? Not much. They subpoenaed my phone this morning. What? They want your phone? Because of the texts? Yeah. My lawyer blocked it, thank god. There's some bad stuff from me to some friends about Carter. It doesn't look good. Wait, give them your phone. What? Just tell your lawyer to give them your phone, okay? Trust me. Do you trust me? Yeah, but that's crazy. I told you... Tyler, if he was really dead, then someone else was sending those texts. And that person should be in here, not you. Time's up. Just give the police your phone, okay? Come on, Jules, you got to go. Promise me. Okay, I'll talk to my lawyer. Okay. [Dreamy pop music] ♪ ♪ 
♪ we've got a monster ♪ 
♪ underneath our bed tonight ♪ I know how to get the charges dropped. I'm listening. Okay, so if you doctored that text to make it seem like Carter was in Canada, technically we could just doctor another one so the IP places the phone back here in Westport. So we send one more text to Tyler from Carter from someone here in Westport. Oh, my god, I have nothing more to teach you. I'm so proud! Ah! Okay. What are you doing? I am searching the police database. I mean, if we're gonna frame someone for murder, it's got to be a person who's pure garbage. Try Megan's list. That's where people... I know what that is. You are [Bleep] up, Jules Thomas, and I love it. I'm blushing. So, are they gonna call? I don't know. I've never contacted a vigilante before. You know, I'm gonna tweet again, or maybe an Instagram. Wait, do they have Instagram? They've gotta have Instagram, right? Okay, I rarely say this to anyone that isn't me, but you've got to calm down. We need justice, Mac. It's important. How am I... I mean, you know, Jules, how is Jules supposed to move on if she doesn't get that? Right. This is about Jules. Of course it's about Jules. Look, we'll just keep checking. Maybe they'll email me, or DM me, or... [phone chimes] Oh, false alarm. It's just my birth control reminder. What are you doing? Nate down, baby. Okay, so I was thinking, like, we should do a public shaming a la cersei. I already bought the bell on Amazon. No. No Nate. All our focus needs to be on Tyler. Check the system again. See, nothing. Searching these Megan's list dude is gonna take a while. I'm sorry. We have to... Get Tyler out of jail. Yes. Yeah, I'm gathering that's important to you, and I'm working on it. Look, the MVP ceremony is next week. Do you really want to see that kid get up there and accept an award in front of the entire school? You can't avoid the elephant rapist in the room. Yeah, no, that... That sounds like Nate Rapes Elephants. But he is a rapist who's also the elephant in the room. He's not an elephant rapist. And in the meantime, you... you deserve this takedown. Oh, have you checked Kennedy's tweets? I don't check Twitter. You were her goddess on goddess Tuesday two weeks ago. I really wanna be chosen, but, you know, I don't want to ask. I wanna earn it. What's Sweet Vicious? Us, I guess. I mean, Brady started that. It's really crazy. A lot of people love it. Some hate it. A lot of people hate us, but some love us. This Nate takedown needs to be special. We can't just punch him in the dick and deliver a monologue like we usually do. We need to take away everything that's important to him, just like he did to you. You storming the gates really showed initiative. Yeah, I love initiating. You know, about the internship, I... How is your work coming on the Darlington vigilante case? Now with this whole Nate Griffin fiasco, I mean, it's become even more public. With all due respect, don't you think time would be better spent investigating why there's a need for a vigilante in the first place? It's a fool's errand. We're city funded, but the livelihood of this city lives and dies based on the commerce of that university. We're still waiting on ♪freetyler. So, if you want to deliver it. Oh, but text me just before you deliver it. That way I can have the blast ready when it lands. We're awesome at this. We really are. [Knock at door] Hey, Kennedy. You got something in the mail. Holy crap. [Chuckles] Well, is it them? Did they answer? Oh my god, this is so badass. [Chuckles] Look, look. Hey, girls, get in here. What's up? Oh, my god, is this it? It's them. Oh! I know. "If you are reading this, you have accepted your mission." "We need to intimidate Nate Griffin with scare tactics." "We need to inform him he has a target on his back." ["High in the Woods" by Johan] ♪ Ooh, let's go get high in the woods ♪ ♪ let's go get high in the woods ♪ [Phones chiming] ♪ Let's go get high in the woods ♪ 
♪ and let out secrets out ♪ ♪ yeah ♪ I found a real winner. He's got arrests and convictions that go back 20 years, yet he's never served jail time. He's from a wealthy family, and they're really good at evading the system. Oh, and he has a house out near the cemetery, so those early pings they found out there totally make sense. What did he do, exactly? All kids. Boys and girls. All under the age of 14. Couple of years ago, they found the remains of a young girl who went missing 15 years prior in his backyard. How is this guy not in jail? His lawyers got him off on a technicality. Okay, well, looks like we got our guy. So what, now we just... Send the text? You don't have to feel bad about this, okay? This guy is just a really bad guy. No, it's not him. He's... he's garbage. It's just, I mean, is a text enough? No, but Carter's phone, the text, and the murder weapon, and yeah, we in bidness. Now all we need is for one of us to go into his house and get his router number. You. No. Why does it automatically have to be me? You love recon. Okay, you know what? Fine. Rock, paper, scissors to see who goes to the pedophile's house. Ready? Rock, paper, scissors, shoot. Ha-ha-ha, suck it, Thomas. Rats. Okay. He usually comes this way after his math class. sh1t. There he is. Go. Nate! Hey, Nate. Wait up. Hey. What's up, girls? We read your article. Are you okay? Yeah, I'm okay. Are you sure? The vigilante is totally coming for you. I'm not worried about that. It's just a bunch of smoke and mirrors. I guess. Seems pretty scary to me, though. Like you have a target on your back. I'll be fine. I gotta get to class, all right? See you guys around. Okay, bye. Don't get attacked. [Upbeat pop music] Mission intiminate accomplished. [Bell dings] If I see one more flyer for this douche bag, I'm gonna freak out. Ophelia, we need to talk. I met with district attorney Thurston. I've been digging into the DA's response to assaults on campus. It's troubling, to say the least. The cases go that high? They have. A girl two years ago was denied justice by the school. So she took the case to the police, then subsequently Thurston. But it just went away. They questioned the guy. Thurston ruled in his favor. It's like there was no due process at all. It's classic. This is what I was trying to tell you. The system is a joke. The school doesn't want girls reporting, because if they report it, then they have to record it. And then the recordings go public. And before you know it, Darlington is rape city, USA. What parents wants to send their child to the school with the highest percentage of sexual assault in the country? Is it? I don't know. Seems like it is. [Phone vibrating] Oh, I got to go meet Fiona. Let's continue this discussion later. I've got some more questions. Sure, yeah. Anything. [Bell dings] No. Shoo. I do not sell to anyone that might share it with Nate Griffin. Then you've got nothing to worry about with me. What, are you trying to trick me? Does it look like I'm trying to trick you? I'm not talking to that dick sneeze right now. I just... Can you just give me my weed so I can go home and watch "Mystery Science Theater 3000"? Yeah, sure. Hey, uh, if you see Jules, can you just tell her I'm so sorry? I just, I... yeah. I'm sorry. [Bell dings] Jeez! Hey. So I went to that scumbag's house. It was terrible. And it smelled weird. And I hope I have everything you want, because I never want to go back there ever again. We're doing the community a favor by putting this guy away for real. And I got his router number, and I took note of his nearest telephone poles. Perfect. That's all I need. 
Now I've just got to input it. This better work. Anything? No. Do you feel guilty? Keeping him locked up for this? I mean, we told him that his stepbrother was dead while we were putting him in cuffs. Are you at all worried that we jumped to a conclusion? It's always the person you least expect. Look, I know you grew up with the kid, but you don't know what's going on in his head. [Phone chimes] Get IT. We have something. Nice. Yeah. [Bleep] that poster, right? Mm. Well, I've got three different types of fries. I got some sweet potato fries, steak fries, curly fries. Didn't know what mood you'd be in. [Phone clacking] Are you okay? [Clears throat] I don't know. I can't really talk about it. I was actually headed out. I have a thing. Oh, yeah. Finally getting that upper tramp stamp removed? [Chuckles] Come on, man, you know peace is important, and so is not making permanent decisions about body art when you're blackout drunk and mad at your mom. That's the truth. So... I thought we were gonna hang out tonight. I mean, I got three different types of fries. I know. I'm sorry, okay? Something came up. Can I make it up to you later, though? I can arrange that. [Suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ It's over? You're... You're out, free and clear? Yeah. They found some other guy. [Door slams closed] [Gasps] What the... ? What up, K? Nothing much. Just studying. How are you doing with all the Nate's stuff? Are you feeling okay? Oh, my god. Why does everyone keep asking me that? I am fine. I moved on. Come on, you don't have to pretend with me. I'm not pretending. You know, I feel like I should probably go study, you know, upstairs in my room. This paper is a monster. Got to turn on some 'yoncé and concentrate. I'll see you later, okay? Okay. [Suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ That's annoying. [Scoffs] [Keypad tones] ♪ ♪ Hey, uh, slight snag in the plan. Meet me at mine. I think I can fix this. That vigilante thinks he can scare us  with threatening emails? Screw that guy. We protect our own. That's right. You know it. Miles, did you get one? Said they would turn me in for marijuana. Which is crazy, because I have never smoked weed in my entire life. [Laughter] I'm standing by Nate. [Phone vibrating] Oh, snap. Cam, your girlfriend is not happy. [Phone vibrating] [Phones chiming] Hello? Hey, babe. No, no, no. Professor Milton? Hey. No, I never bought any answer keys. Okay, yes. I'll be down right away. [Phone chimes] I can't stop thinking about it. Why would this guy kill my brother? Sometimes there's just no rational answer for the evils in the world. I mean, the evidence was undeniable. I'm so sorry, Tyler. Yeah. I guess. Have you seen this vigilante stuff? Yeah, it's so crazy. I can't help but think of Carter. I mean, it would make way more sense that this vigilante person killed him. I mean, they're going after people who have committed sexual assault. Oh, my gosh! Oh, my gosh! I'm so sorry. I got you all wet. Quick, say something about my nipples. Kennedy! Kennedy, get down here! I was talking to Amanda, who was talking to Emily, who was talking to Stacey, who was talking to... Get there faster. Nate got kicked out of Omega Theta. Mm-hmm. Whoa. Slow down there, Usain Bolt. Nate got kicked out of Omega Theta. Oh, my gosh, I just ran all the way here. I need to sit down. That's great. Do you know where he went? Well, according to Twitter, he's posted up at Darlington pie. Okay, I used to sometimes deal out of there. I mean, the late night staff is super lax about looking the other way if you just slip 'em a hundo. Are you thinking what I'm thinking? Oh, let's have a [Bleep] pizza party. ♪ ♪ Hello? [Distorted] Hey, Buddy. [Chuckles] I thought you might pick this spot. [Distorted] Don't start the party without me. Ooh, nice trick. [Sniffs] I can do one too. [Whistles] ♪ ♪ You didn't really think we'd turn our back on our brother, did you? 
 
 ♪ ♪ 
♪ so why don't me and you ♪ 
♪ hey now, hey now, hey ♪ 
♪ Na Na Na ♪ 
♪ love like we used to? ♪ 
♪ hey now, hey now, hey ♪ 
♪ Na Na Na ♪ 
♪ so why don't me and you ♪ 
♪ hey now, hey now, hey ♪ 
♪ Na Na Na ♪ 
♪ love like we used to? ♪ 
♪ hey now, hey now, hey ♪ 
♪ Na Na Na ♪ 
♪ I ain't afraid to call you ♪ 
♪ I'll pick you up at nine ♪ 
♪ meet your daddy and your mama ♪ 
♪ in my suit and tie ♪ 
♪ I'll play you something old school ♪ 
♪ make it last all night ♪ 
♪ something that reminds us ♪ 
♪ so why don't me and you ♪ 
♪ hey now, hey now, hey ♪ 
♪ Na Na Na ♪ 
♪ love like we used to? ♪ 
♪ hey now, hey now, hey ♪ 
♪ Na Na Na ♪ 
♪ so why don't me and you ♪ Holy sh1t! ♪ hey ♪ 
♪ Na Na Na ♪ Run! ♪ hey now, hey now, hey ♪ 
♪ Na Na Na ♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh-wee! [Laughing] That was the coolest thing I have ever seen in my entire life! That was a mess. You guys just took down seven dudes! Seven dudes, you guys! Hyah! Hyah! Ka-ka! Ahh. Pound? No pound? No, no pound. Our entire plan just blew up in our faces, and we were duped by a group of ball-scratching frat guys. What you need is a man on the inside. I... That is a good idea. Wait, how many Frat Brothers were there? I counted eight, including Nate. Thank you, Dr. Seuss. Did you notice someone was missing? ["Return of the Mack" by Mark Morrison] ♪ ♪ [Coughing] [Wheezing] Oh, my god. Holy sh1t. Oh, my god. I knew this was laced with something. I am going to kill Ophelia. Whoa, whoa, okay. ♪ Well I tried to tell you so ♪ 
♪ yes I did but I guess you didn't know ♪ Wow. This looks so real. ♪ Baby now I got the flow ♪ [Distorted] We need your help. Oh, my... The voice box is so good. It's really good, you guys. We need you to listen. [Imitating] "We need you to listen." Stop doing that. [Imitating] "Stop doing that." Oh, my gosh. Sidebar. ♪ You lied to me ♪ 
♪ yes I tried yes I tried ♪ He's cross-faded. What do we do? I don't know. What do we do? Can't do this. Yeah, we can't do this. Oh, my god. No. Whoa! Okay, um, well, he's useless. So how do we do a Nate takedown with no plan? Find Shelby. ♪ Return of the mack, once again ♪ 
♪ return of the mack, pump up the world ♪ Who is Shelby? Just... just... Just find Shelby. ♪ Running things to keep my swing ♪ Do you know anyone named Shelby? No, and I've been friends with him and Nate since freshman year. If there was another girl in the picture, I feel like I would know. Wait. Miles and Nate went to high school together, right? Yeah. Ooh, yes! Um, cross-reference... His Facebook friends with the name Shelby. I am on it. Found her. All right, now I'm just gonna try and access her account so that I can see her messages, see if there's anything between this Shelby and Nate. Whoa. Did you know about this? Come on, talk to me. What's the point of being in a relationship if you can't dump your problems on the other person? It's that girl that I met with... You can't tell anybody this, by the way. Like, not Jules, or Harris, or... I'm a vault. She, uh... She was sexually assaulted a couple of weeks ago, Like four doors down from where I was sleeping. And then she went to the school, and they basically convinced her not to file a complaint because of the vigilante. I mean, don't they realize that if they did something, the vigilante would just go away? Come here. Just, I'm up all hours. You know, that's why I asked you to come over here, because I keep checking in on her to make sure that she doesn't hurt herself. What if we work in shifts tonight? I'll take the first shift, and you can get some rest. How's that sound? Yeah, that sounds great. ["330" by Stalley] I was always on your side, man. ♪ I live in Massillon ♪ 
♪ proud about it, you know ♪ No, I'm... I'm good. [Snorting] [Exhales deeply] I tried to tell Jules. ♪ ♪ This school was never going to kick me out. [Sniffs] I'm a God here. President Mays knows he needs me if he wants to win the games. The old idiot. ♪ And we gon' dog this bitch and split it up 50-50 ♪ 
♪ scout's honor, I'm a bomber unified ♪ Probably didn't even read the file. Didn't have to. He knows what it means if I'm not on the field on Saturday. Yeah, totally, man. You know, nine times out of ten... These girls want it even when they say they don't. And the one time they actually didn't, it's my word against theirs. Yeah. Remember, uh, Shelby? I haven't heard that name in, uh... Forever. See, that is exactly what I'm talking about. These girls walk around in these tight skirts, asking for it. And then you screw them and they get mad. Telling the entire high school that I raped her? [Scoffs] ♪ Got so much pride in them three numbers ♪ Shelby was the biggest slut in our grade. Nobody was gonna believe her. She was like, "I like you. Let's go talk." And then she changed her mind. ♪ Because they always gonna wonder what you come for ♪ Yeah, I mean, it's like they make it hard for absolutely no reason, you know? Exactly. Do you know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna go onto that stage tomorrow and let everybody know that I am Nate Griffin. If I want it... I'm gonna take it. [Cheers and applause] Students and teachers, we gather here today to celebrate one of our brightest and boldest students. [Cheers and applause] Thank you, sir. Appreciate it. Nate Griffin is a man of many accomplishments, and he will take our wolverines all the way to the championship! Whoo! [Cheers and applause] [Upbeat pop music] Nate Griffin is a model of integrity... [Echoes] I'm a God here. And power... and power. This school was never gonna kick me out. [Sniffs] President Mays knows that he needs me if he wants to win the games. You got to get that off. 
Get that off right now. He probably didn't even read the file, the old idiot. I didn't say any of this, by the way. This isn't real. What the... These girls walk around in these tight skirts, asking for it, and then you screw them and...  Cut it off! They get mad. Cut it off! Nine times out of ten...  [Exasperated grunt] These girls want it, even when they say they don't. [Phones vibrating, chiming] And the one time they actually didn't, it's my word against theirs. I tried to tell Jules, nobody was gonna believe her. [Distorted] We believe you. ["You Don't Own Me" by Grace] ♪ You don't own me ♪ 
♪ don't tie me down 'cause I'd never stay ♪ [Phones chiming, vibrating] ♪ I'm young and I love to be young ♪ ♪ I'm free and I love to be free ♪ [Phone vibrates] ♪ To live my life the way I want ♪ 
♪ to say and do whatever I please ♪ Let's go, Nate. [Crowd booing] Everyone, uh, please. Uh, everyone return to their dorms or their homes. Our deepest apologies to anyone that is offended by this heinous content. Go home! Go! This is over! Come on. ♪ You don't own me ♪ [Knock at door] ["Tapestry" by Liv Dawson] Can I come in? Yeah, sure. How are you doing? I'm okay. [Sighs] No, you're not. There's no way that you're okay right now. ♪ ♪ I can't... I can't do this with you, Jules. When I think about what you went through... My entire body feels so wracked with guilt that I could ever... [Clears throat] Feel like... Like you miss Nate? ♪ Have you read a book by candlelight? ♪ You loved him, Kennedy. And you have to mourn this loss. ♪ ♪ Trust me, shutting down this reality, it just... It makes things worse. You just, you have to find a way to get closure. [Sniffles] ♪ Like a fireball in your palm? ♪ [Sobbing] I'm sorry, Jules. Don't be sorry. I thought I had it all figured out. You know, and now I'm just... I'm realizing that I literally... I don't know anything. I worked so hard to be this beacon of perfection, and now I'm just the idiot who dated the guy who raped my best friend, and I didn't even know it. No. This does not define you. ♪ Have you felt a revolution? ♪ Why does it feel like it does? ♪ Do you ever sit to stop and pause? ♪ Hey. What do you say to me if the roles were reversed? Come on. Give me some of that Kennedy realness. What would you say? There is no Kennedy realness anymore. The realness died. Girl, please. I don't believe that. Come on. Give it to me. Give it to me. Okay. Um, I'd say... You are a strong, beautiful woman, and nothing can break you unless you give it permission. ♪ ♪ 
♪ and all the places I've been ♪ You are a strong and beautiful woman... And nothing can break you unless you give it permission. Okay? Okay. ♪ That we made up ♪ 
♪ drawn upon a map ♪ 
♪ we could be meeting... ♪ 26! What? The number of cases taken to the DA in the past year that were either completely mishandled, dismissed, or flat-out unattended to 26. I wanna help. [Scoffs] Are you... are you serious? Yeah, but I'm not wearing that crazy mask, though. I'm too sophisticated for that ninja sh1t. I want to be your Charlie. Okay, well, that's super sexist that your only reference is "Charlie's Angels," but I'll let it slide. Well, that, and also, I mean, come on. You wouldn't be Charlie. You're Bosley. You're 100% Bosley. I am not Bosley. I am Charlie. You're not. I am. You're not. I am definitely Charlie. Heard that. No, you're not. I am. Okay, Bosley. You look so happy. So different. I feel different. ["Cherry Wine" by Hozier] You just... You make me feel so amazing and happy and... Just thank you for being you. And for being mine. ♪ ♪ 
♪ it looks ugly but it's clean ♪ I love you. ♪ Oh mama don't fuss over me ♪ 
♪ the way she tells me I'm hers and she is mine ♪ 
♪ open hand or closed fist ♪ I love you, too. ♪ Would be fine ♪ 
♪ the blood is rare ♪ 
♪ and sweet as cherry wine ♪ 
♪ ♪ Hm. So pleased you decided to join the team. Oh, the pleasure is all mine, miss Thurston. [Quirky suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ Hey. What you got there? Uh, I'm not totally sure yet. Mm-hmm? Something cool, I think, though. Mm, mm-hmm. ["Trouble" by Valerie Broussard] ♪ ♪ 
♪ we wear red so they don't see us bleed ♪ 
♪ hundred-dollar bills under our sleeve ♪ [Phone vibrates] ♪ We intend not to sleep till we're dead ♪ 
♪ singing oh whoa ♪ Hey. Well, yeah, I'm heading right over there. ♪ Trouble, trouble ♪ I love you too. ♪ Coming in the dead of night ♪ 
♪ it's in your blood ♪ 
♪ it's in your bones ♪ 
♪ you cannot sleep for, you cannot sleep for ♪ 
♪ whoa oh oh, whoa oh oh ♪ 
♪ tr-tr-trouble ♪ 
♪ trouble ♪ 
♪ whoa oh oh ♪ [Garage door closing] ♪ Here comes trouble, trouble ♪ 
♪ whoa oh oh, whoa oh oh ♪ Seems we have a common enemy. ♪ Trouble ♪ 
♪ whoa oh oh, whoa oh oh ♪ 
♪ here comes trouble ♪ [Indistinct chatter] Oh, my god. Babes, this looks amazing. Oh, hey, did we have a head count for the rally later? Almost everyone we invited RSVP'd. Hell, yeah. [Phone chimes] Oh, one second. Hello, Leslie. Yeah, thank you so much for returning my call. I was actually calling about the internship at "Yes, Girl" magazine. Is that still on the table? ["Royal Blues" by Dragonette] ♪ Getting drenched in your sweat ♪ Well, yeah, yeah. No, everything is totally fine. I just, you know, I just feel like I need some time away from Darlington. ♪ Royal blues ♪ 
♪ and I'm getting it all over you ♪ 
♪ royal blues ♪ 
♪ what's a girl to do? ♪ [Keypad tones] [Cell phone vibrates] ♪ Royal blues ♪ ♪ are we cool? ♪ 
♪ Or royal blue? ♪ My god, I didn't know if you were gonna even make it. Sorry. Do you think people will actually use this? No idea. [Computer beeping] I'm nervous. Me too. I'm sweating a lot. [Rapid beeping] ♪ Do I just go better with you? ♪ ♪ Getting drenched in your sweat ♪ ♪ then the scent of our s*x ♪ Well, sh1t, you know? Maybe it just needs a minute. ♪ I know it all goes ♪ [Computer chiming] ♪ Royal blues ♪ 
♪ and I'm getting it all over you ♪ [Chiming continues] ♪ Royal blues ♪ 
♪ what's a girl to do? ♪ 
♪ Royal blues ♪ 
♪ are we cool ♪ Looks like we're gonna be busy. ♪ Or royal blue? ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 