Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x02 - Episode 2 - Code of a Killer 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x02 - Episode 2 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=267&t=17786 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/14/15 06:18 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x02 - Episode 2 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Inside everybody there is a secret code. 
 DNA - the very essence of who we are. 
 Lynda Mann, 15 years old, raped and strangled with her own scarf. 
 The killer, he's a local, I'm certain. 
 We're not going away until we've got him. Just get the b*st*rd. 
 You're as close to catching her killer as when her body was found. 
 Not a single suspect. 
 The DNA fragments have combined to make a pattern that is as unique as a fingerprint. 
 Eureka! 
 What have we got? 
 Dawn Ashworth, 15. Didn't come home. 
 I'm arresting you on suspicion of the murder of Dawn Ashworth. 
 We know you killed them both. 
 No. 
 If I killed Lynda, I'd have bloody well said. 
 There's no way you can prove that I did. 
 Dr Jeffreys, I want you to prove he also murdered Lynda Mann. 
 There's no doubt - Gavin Hopkirk did not kill Lynda Mann or Dawn Ashworth, but what we do know is that it was, indeed, the same man who raped and murdered both girls. 
 So, we're back to square one. 
 When I speak to the press, you're going to be next to me. 
 Are you SURE you don't need me to be there? 
 I'm sure. They're going to question the science. 
 You proved we got the wrong man. 
 It's my job to make sure we catch the right one. 
 David, it's time. 
 I've got to go. 
 Yes, right. Bye bye, David. 
 No? 
 No. 
 Stick to the press release. Keep it simple. Let me answer the questions. 
 'Leicestershire Police have called a press conference.' 
 All right? 
 Lead the way. 
 Good luck. 
 Ladies and gentlemen, if I could have your attention, DCS Baker will make a short statement, thank you. 
 "After new tests were carried out by Dr Alec Jeffreys of Leicester University, the charges against Gavin Hopkirk have been dropped." 
 How can you be letting someone go after they've confessed? 
 We've used a relatively new process called genetic fingerprinting. 
 The tests do not implicate Mr Hopkirk in the murder of Lynda Mann. 
 The results of the test indicate that a person, as yet unknown, is involved in the deaths of the girls. 
 What are these new tests? 
 Details are in the press release. 
 I understand genetic fingerprinting has not been tested in criminal court. 
 It has been proved in immigration and paternity cases. 
 So you've wasted time on Hopkirk when you should have been searching for the real killer? 
 What does this mean for Narborough and Enderby? 
 I think we should leave it there. 
 Thank you very much. 
 Why'd you confess, Gavin? Huh? 
 I'll be seeing you. 
 Yeah. 
 Are you going to be all right? 
 See you later. 
 Bye. 
 Morning. Morning. 
 How many people were you expecting to today's lecture? 
 20, 25. 
 Don't tell me no-one's turned up? 
 Right! 
 First question. What do we know... about seals? 
 We'd rather hear you talk about the release of Gavin Hopkirk. 
 To catch fish, seals dive underwater for long periods of time. 
 What is this to do with Gavin Hopkirk? 
 Everything! 
 If you can't see that, we're all in trouble! 
 Now, would you kindly leave my lecture? 
 Right now! 
 To do this, they store oxygen in their muscles, in the form of... myoglobin. 
 We look right bloody charlies! 
 DNA proves it wasn't Hopkirk, OK? 
 Gavin Hopkirk confessed! 
 It doesn't matter. 
 It was on the tapes. 
 Lads, lads - that's enough. 
 You agree with me, though? 
 Geoff, it doesn't matter what I think. 
 Or what you think. If the boss is happy, then... so are we. 
 Thought I had him. 
 I know you all thought the same thing. 
 We were wrong. 
 Right, we won't go hankering after what might have been. 
 We start again. 
 Actually, we think of this as a whole new investigation. 
 We go through everything that we've got, piece by piece - every statement, every phone call, every house-to-house, interview. 
 Huh? 
 We can do this, and we have to, because the one thing we know for certain is that this man will do it again and again and again, until we find him. 
 And cut there. 
 OK. Come to me. 
 How was that? 
 She's walking all wrong. 
 Dawn would never walk like that. 
 She's too flat-footed. 
 Go on. 
 Thanks for doing this, Mrs Ashworth. 
 She was me best friend. 
 I keep thinking she's going to come home from school and we'll have our usual little chat then she'll do her homework. 
 And what makes it worse... he's living in one of the villages. 
 I look around and I think, "It could be him. Or it could be him." 
 We'll find him, I promise you. 
 Right, we're on! 
 'The first reconstruction is of a crime that you may have read about. You may have thought it was solved.' 
 Alec? 
 'It's about two girls from the same school in Leicestershire, who were both 15, both sexually assaulted and both murdered. Suspicion fell on...' 
 It's on now. 
 '..He was arrested and in a tape-recorded interview he made a statement and was charged with Dawn's murder. 
 'With nothing to link that suspect with the earlier crime police used, for the first time in criminal history, a forensic test called DNA or genetic fingerprinting...' 
 Shall I turn it off? 
 No. This is history. 
 It's all because of you, son. 
 '..or you can ring the incident room at Enderby on 0533 482400. That's 0533, the code for Leicester, 482400. It leaves a tremendous gap...' 
 Incident room, DC Kohli. 
 Hello? Yes. What's your name? 
 '..it's that friendship...' 
 Sharon Smith. 
 Sharon, what did you see? 
 What you got? 
 Usual crazies. 
 A couple of mediums. 
 One is convinced the killer is a police officer, which is why he's getting away with it. 
 We'll investigate every lead we're sent, but there's nothing here that we haven't been through before. 
 Needle in a bloody haystack. 
 Where are you going? 
 This is not all I do. 
 I've had an idea. 
 Come on, I'll show you. 
 So, the man we're looking for is a serial killer. 
 Research shows us that serial killers tend to kill within five miles of where they live - their so-called hunting ground. 
 The girls' bodies were found here and here. 
 If I draw a circle, roughly, within a five-mile radius of that centre point, our man is in there, so how do we flush him out? 
 The genetic fingerprint of the killer is the only real piece of evidence we've got. 
 In 1948, a young girl was murdered in Blackburn. 
 The only clue was a fingerprint on a bottle of medicine by her bed. 
 The DCI decided to fingerprint every man over the age of 16 on that night in Blackburn. 
 After checking over 40,000 fingerprints... 
 40,000! 
 ..they finally got their man. 
 You think we could do the same here? 
 Why not? 
 We've got the genetic fingerprint. 
 The principles are still the same. 
 You'd have to test the blood of every male between the ages of 15 and 34. 
 Is it possible? 
 That's what I want to know. 
 It would be time-consuming, labour-intensive. 
 It would certainly be expensive. 
 We couldn't do it here. 
 We'd have to set up a new facility. 
 But, um... yes, it is possible. 
 How on Earth do you propose getting 5,000 men to give blood? 
 Press gangs? 
 We ask them to volunteer. 
 Then what? Nice cup of tea and a biscuit? 
 Come on, David. 
 What about civil liberties? 
 The press are going to have an absolute field day. 
 I can see the headlines now - 
 "Vampire police take young men's blood!" 
 We're not going to ask them to do anything we don't want them to do. 
 Why would anyone volunteer? 
 Because the killer of these women is living amongst them. 
 I can't believe YOU're part of this! 
 I realise the scale of what I'm asking - a radical new proven science, together with the scientist who invented it. 
 What if the killer avoids giving blood? 
 He'll have seen the headlines. He'll know... 
 That's exactly what we're anticipating will happen, sir. 
 Every man in the villages will get a letter asking him to come to a centre where their blood will be taken. 
 If any main fails to turn up, we'll want to know why. 
 Won't he leave the area? 
 If someone moves, we can track him down, go after him to take part. 
 What if he gets someone to take the test for him? That's what I'd do. 
 Then we will have forced his hand. 
 He knows the net is closing in. 
 He's got a choice - avoid the test, which will arouse suspicion, do it and get caught, or get someone to do it for him. 
 If that happens, his secret's been compromised, hasn't it? 
 Let's just say I agree to what you're proposing. 
 There's no way the Home Office will sanction anything like this. 
 We're just going to have to try and persuade them. 
 What's the name of this woman we're seeing? 
 Joy Blakefield. 
 Is she a minister? 
 No, she's a civil servant. 
 I thought we were seeing... 
 If we get Joy Blakefield on side, we're home and dry. 
 We can't do the tests at the university. 
 We don't have the resources. 
 The Forensic Science Service... 
 Is quoting over £100 for each blood test. 
 That includes the cost of doctors to take the blood, the premises... 
 Not all the samples will have to go to the full genetic test. 
 If they're not the right... 
 Is this the best use of resources? 
 5,000 blood samples times £100, that's a budget of £500,000 for what is, essentially, an experiment? 
 With all due respect, I don't think you understand... 
 With all due respect, Detective Chief Superintendent, I think I do. 
 David, she's right. 
 This is an experiment. 
 Nobody knows what the outcome will be. Nothing like this has been tried before. I share your caution. 
 Look, we're all taking very real risks here - reputations, careers, money. 
 But what ARE we doing here? 
 What's the risk of not carrying out this experiment? 
 Another teenage girl being raped and murdered? 
 Hm. 
 I think this new test might find the man who committed these murders and prevent him from committing any more. 
 I believe ICI now own the patent for your invention. 
 That's correct. 
 My understanding is that the Home Office feel they should have Crown privilege over Dr Jeffreys' invention. 
 It would certainly make things a lot easier. 
 ICI have invested a great deal into developing these techniques. 
 I understand that. This government is all for rewarding free enterprise. The fact remains... 
 This is all about money. 
 I would love to support this idea, but I also live in the real world. 
 Where does the half a million come from? 
 Nurses? Teachers? 
 Bobbies on the beat? 
 You found it for the miners' strike. 
 Sorry. 
 Well, let's see what happens. 
 Here we are, sir. 
 Oh, thank you. 
 Hello, Alec. David. 
 Have a sit down. 
 Dennis Thatcher was at ICI last week. 
 They told him about the Home Office's reluctance to pay for the privilege of using your invention. 
 Mr Thatcher has a word with his missus, who let it be known that if the Home Office doesn't cough up, she'd want to know why. 
 Are YOU working for Thatcher now? 
 Well, whoever it is, we got what we wanted. Blood testing's on. 
 How's the Forensic Science Service doing? 
 Well, I spoke to Peter Gill and we're ready to go, I think. 
 All we need to do now is persuade the locals. 
 This is our best chance to convince the community. 
 So don't f*ck it up! 
 Firstly, can I say that we are only interested in men between the ages of 18 and 34. 
 Dr Jeffreys can talk to you about blood samples and the process, but from the police point of view, we're not interested in speeding fines or TV licence evasion, whatever the media likes to speculate about. 
 We want to catch the killer. 
 What we need is more police on the beat and more street lighting. 
 Our children are coming home in the dark from school. 
 I understand your concerns and we are liaising with the council, but tonight's meeting is... I don't like you treating us all as guilty, until the professor manages to prove otherwise. 
 Sir, our aim is simply to exclude people from the investigation. 
 Once we get the results, we'll send letters to every man telling him that his name has been cleared. 
 What are you going to do after with these blood samples? 
 Once we find the killer, we will destroy all the samples. 
 Who's to say, in a few years, DNA fingerprinting won't be rubbished? 
 Dr Jeffreys... Alec, will you...? 
 Yes. 
 We are all different from each other - unique. 
 And this uniqueness can be seen in the form of our genetic make-up. 
 We get this from our mothers and fathers, who get their genetic make-up from their parents. 
 What if someone don't want to do it? 
 Excuse me, can I say something, please? 
 I lost my... our daughter to this... fiend. 
 We want to catch him and if that means every man of the right age having to give a tiny bit of blood in order to do so then, for God's sake, let's get on with it. 
 A sample of blood. 
 That's all it takes. 
 It's then carefully sealed into one of these, labelled and sent to the laboratory where it undergoes a series of processes that, in the end, produces a barcode - just like you see in the supermarket. 
 This is what my genetic fingerprint looks like. 
 What if there's a mistake? 
 Let me be absolutely clear about this. 
 There is no mistake. 
 All of us have one of these. 
 And all of them are different, unique. 
 This is me. 
 This is my unique code. 
 And this... is the code of the killer. 
 You don't need to be here, you know. 
 Yes, I do. 
 Are you all right? 
 I'm fine. 
 I think it's flu or something. 
 All right. 
 Everybody, gather round. 
 The boss has got something to say. 
 Right, make sure you take their full names, their addresses - both work and home - telephone numbers. 
 We also need to check photo ID. 
 If they haven't got photo ID, take their photo, write their name across the back and arrange a time to visit to confirm who they are. 
 Also, make sure... all samples are labelled with their name and a number that they've been assigned. 
 Right? 
 Alec? 
 Once labelled, they'll be sent to the Forensic Science Service at Aldermaston. 
 Now, we can't afford to make any mistakes. 
 If you feel you may have contaminated a sample in any way, do it again. 
 If we get this wrong, this man will slip through the net and we will not get another chance. 
 Is that clear? 
 Yes, sir. 
 Sure? Got it? Right, let's go. 
 I must say, it looks very impressive. 
 Yes, well, now we just need someone to turn up. 
 Sir? 
 Yes. You'd better come and have a look at this. 
 Do you want to come with me? 
 A few volunteers. 
 'The world's first DNA manhunt is under way. Thousands of men from Narborough, Littlethorpe and Enderby have been attending voluntary blood tests in the attempt to catch the killer of two schoolgirls.' 
 Excuse me. 
 'All men aged between 18 and 34 have received a letter asking them to attend the screening.' 
 We've got people stacked up here. 
 Yes, sir. 
 Thank you very much. 
 Right, be very, very careful. 
 Is that the first batch of samples? 
 Away they go. 
 Thank you. 
 All right, sir? 
 Gentlemen, how are you? 
 Let me introduce you. This is Peter Gill, our principal research scientist. 
 How do you do? 
 This is Detective Chief Superintendent David Baker, Detective Inspector Alan Madden. 
 Welcome to the pleasure dome! 
 How's it going? 
 I admit, we weren't expecting this amount of samples so early on. 
 Let me show you what we're doing. 
 This is where the blood arrives and is initially analysed for its blood group and PGM. 
 We extract the DNA from the remaining blood sample and add the restriction enzymes. 
 If we get the full 5,000 blood samples that we're predicting, the final number that would go to full genetic screening... to the, er... the final... 
 Are you all right, sir? 
 ..would be, er... 
 Peter? 
 Around 1,000. 
 Yes. Maybe less. 
 And when can we expect to get any results? 
 We're not sure. 
 If we do have to analyse 1,000 samples, it's going to take five months to process them. 
 Five months? 
 That's to do them all. 
 We can clear men as soon as we have the blood type and the PGM. 
 It's still a long time. 
 It's pioneering work. I know. 
 I did say it would take some time. 
 The most important thing is that we get it right. 
 We've already got 1,000 samples. 
 The response has been huge... 
 Alec. 
 Can we get some help here? 
 It strikes me as ironic that when you went to the doctor's last week, you refused to have your blood taken. 
 I thought I had flu. 
 You don't need to have your blood taken. 
 You do if it contains the Epstein-Barr virus. 
 Glandular fever is not what I need right now! 
 No. Right now, you need to rest. 
 The blood samples. 
 Are all taken care of. 
 I can't stay here. 
 I've got too much to do. Alec. 
 Please. 
 At this rate, you're going to kill yourself. 
 Or, more likely, I'm going to do it for you. 
 I'm sorry. 
 No, you're not. 
 Sue, please, I can't stay here. 
 No, you can't. 
 Unfortunately, they're sending you home. 
 Good. 
 You once told me the thing you loved most about your job, after you'd discovered something or invented something, was passing it on and letting it go out into the big wide world. 
 Let it go. 
 You were living in Narborough in 1984. 
 It doesn't matter how long you were there. 
 You'll need to visit your local police station in Newcastle. 
 We'll tell them to expect you. 
 We have three testing centres which cover the five-mile radius. 
 Anyone refuse to give their blood? 
 Er... Well, a couple. 
 One chap had a thing about needles, a recognised phobia, so we asked him to give his sample... another way, which he seemed happier about. 
 Semen sample, sir. 
 Oh, yeah. 
 Quite a few didn't attend, so we're sending out second letters to encourage them to volunteer. 
 If that doesn't work...? 
 We start asking awkward questions. 
 Um... this has just come through, sir. What is it? 
 Woman in Enderby says a neighbour got a second letter. 
 He's now packing his bags. 
 Has he had his blood taken? 
 No. We sent him a reminder, spoke to him, but you know... 
 All right. Now he's moving out? 
 Yeah. Let's have a chat with him. 
 
 
 
 What's going on? 
 Mr Denmoor? 
 Yeah. 
 Going somewhere nice? 
 We were wondering why you hadn't responded to our letters. 
 I thought it were voluntary. 
 Absolutely. 100%. 
 Me wife is away, abroad. 
 At her mother's. 
 I don't see how that's relevant. 
 You got a call, didn't you? 
 From a Mrs Harris? 
 She lives next door to me? 
 And...? 
 I've been, er... 
 "busy"? 
 Mrs Harris doesn't want me to leave her. 
 She doesn't want me to get back together with me wife. 
 She and I, um... 
 If you can provide us with a blood sample, you can be on your way. 
 Do you want to do that blood test now? 
 Yeah. 
 I am not collaborating with the police. It's how it looks, Alec. 
 I thought you supported me on this. 
 This isn't about me. 
 It's all this sh1t I'm getting at the university. 
 All our worthy colleagues huffing and puffing about you sharing a platform with Detective Baker. 
 Getting help from Maggie bloody Thatcher. 
 This place is a tip! 
 For God's sake, Sue, why are you saying all this? 
 What if they don't catch the killer? 
 What will they say about your test? 
 All your work goes down the drain. 
 That's the risk I have to take and you knew that. 
 What about the risk WE'RE taking? 
 People know who you are, Alec, what you've done. It's in all the papers. 
 That includes the man who raped and murdered those two girls. 
 People know where we live. 
 They're on our doorstep wanting you to take their blood. 
 He's not going to come here, is he? 
 You're the man who can prove he killed those girls. 
 Now he's being backed into a corner. 
 Hey. 
 Come on. It's all right. 
 You've taken over 2,000 blood samples and still haven't found him? 
 No, but we've eliminated almost 1,900 men from the inquiry. 
 I can't see how that helps... 
 The net is closing in. 
 Have you got your letter and ID? 
 Great. Thank you. 
 If you'd like to come with me. 
 Age? 
 27. 
 Date of birth? 
 23 March... 1960. 
 Blood transfusion in the last six months? 
 ..No. 
 Bingo! 
 When do I get the results? 
 12th of bloody never, I've heard. 
 Backlog at the lab. Can't cope. 
 Meet me at the desk. 
 Passport. Thank you very much. 
 Cup of tea? 
 No, it's all right. 
 Anything? 
 No. 
 We're not going to get him, not like this. 
 You're the lucky one. 
 I've got to drive to Portsmouth to pick up one blood sample. 
 Hello, Alec. 
 Hello, David. 
 Sue told me you were back. 
 I'm looking to find a way of speeding up the testing process. 
 She sounded a bit worried on the phone. 
 Thought you had to take a rest, take it easy. 
 Thousands of blood samples have been taken. We still haven't got him. 
 They said it would take months, but... 
 Do you ever think you got it wrong? 
 All the time! 
 For example, when I first looked at Gavin Hopkirk's barcode, I thought I must have missed something completely stupid. 
 I even thought maybe blood and semen had different DNA. Madness! 
 But it wasn't. You were right. 
 The thing is, if this fails, people's perception of forensic DNA will be shattered. 
 Oh, hello, Sue. 
 Hello, David. 
 You come to congratulate him? 
 Hasn't he told you? 
 Alec is being awarded a professorship. 
 Congratulations, Alec. 
 Thank you, David. 
 Thank you, Leicester University, for this honour. 
 This university have allowed me to sit at my work bench and just explore the unknown. 
 As I speak, genetic fingerprinting is being used to catch the killer of two local girls - 
 Dawn Ashworth and Lynda Mann. 
 To quote the motto of this university, "Ut vitam habeant" - "so that they might have life". 
 Science IS about exploration, but it's also about application. 
 My hope is that genetic fingerprinting will not only help us understand who WE are, but will also help us catch the man who committed these terrible crimes, so that we all may have life. 
 Thank you. 
 David? 
 Oh, er... I really admire what you're doing, David. 
 What you're trying to do - all the blood testing. 
 The newspaper said it could change how the police catch criminals in the future. Mm. 
 If something good could come out of... all this... that would be of some help. 
 I really mean that. 
 We can't let this happen to anyone else. 
 No. 
 What time are you back, love? 
 Not late. 
 Is Danny walking you home? 
 Flippin' hope so! 
 See ya, Mum. 
 I f*cking saw you in there, Danny! 
 You didn't see a thing. Yes, I did. 
 Hiya. 
 Are you going Enderby way, by any chance? 
 Jump in. 
 You're not a rapist, are you? 
 All right. Cheers. 
 That was the turning just there. 
 Can you let me out the car, please? 
 Honestly, I'll walk. It's fine. 
 Could you just please...? 
 What you doing? 
 Get off! 
 Get off me! 
 Stop the f*cking car now! 
 I'm getting out! 
 Dirty b*st*rd! 
 Come in. 
 Hello, sir. 
 David, take a seat. 
 As you know, I'm a big supporter of what you're trying to do. 
 Yes, sir. Everyone thinks it shows enterprise and initiative - the idea of flushing out the killer. 
 There are concerns, David, about the cost of the screening, whether this is getting us anywhere. 
 Questions are being asked. 
 You've not found this man after nearly 5,000 samples. 
 How many more? 
 Every sample taken means a man is eliminated from the inquiry. 
 Well, there's no end, is there? 
 Unless you take blood from every man in the country. 
 You can't shut us down, sir. 
 Not now. 
 It's not just about the money. 
 What is it about, then? 
 Where's this coming from? 
 "There's courage in trying new ideas..." How far upstairs? 
 "..but even greater courage in acknowledging their failure." 
 Whoever signs a letter that tries to close this investigation is personally responsible for the next young girl raped and murdered in these villages. 
 Shall I put that in a memo, sir? 
 Love? 
 In here, Mum. 
 You not going in? 
 That's not like you. 
 Were you out late last night? 
 Not late. 
 Oh, well. I suppose we were all like that when we were your age. 
 What's happened? 
 Nothing. 
 Right. I've got to go. 
 Mum? 
 Thanks. 
 I'll see you later. 
 Cleared? 
 3,100. 
 Alec? 
 Who's that man? 
 What man? 
 There, by the car. 
 He was there this morning. 
 When I took the girls. He wasn't there when I came back. Why? 
 Call David Baker. 
 Take the girls upstairs. 
 Who are you? What do you want? 
 Dr Jeffreys. 
 Dr Jeffreys. 
 My son. 
 What? 
 I think he's mine. 
 You're the scientist, yes? 
 You can help me know the truth. 
 Oh. 
 Oh, I see. 
 It's fine. 
 Please, you must tell me. 
 I'm really sorry to have called you out. No... 
 Everyone's still so on edge. 
 How did he find you? 
 God knows! We're ex-directory. 
 Any news? How's the screening going? 
 Well, still nothing. 
 We know the names of every man in that five-mile radius. 
 I make the team go over the list again and again, send out letters, phoning them up, knocking on doors. 
 One lad was in the navy down in the Falklands when Dawn Ashworth was killed. 
 I still insisted they ask him to volunteer. 
 They knock on a door, a woman answers, her son's a quadriplegic. 
 "Ask him to volunteer. No exceptions." 
 Has something happened? David? 
 We've tested nearly every man in our five-mile radius. 
 Maybe he just lives outside the circle. 
 Yes, maybe. Maybe not. 
 Maybe we'll never know. 
 This screening's costing a fortune - without any results. 
 I'm afraid they're going to shut us down. They can't do that! 
 Apparently, it takes courage to admit when you've failed. 
 Look, I could never have anticipated that first DNA fingerprint. 
 It was an accident, but I also know it was the result of a lot of years of hard work. 
 Look, you and I both know that we make our own luck. 
 We apply everything we've learned. 
 We hold our nerve. 
 And, hopefully, like the DNA fingerprinting, we get a lucky break. 
 I'll show you out. 
 Bye, Sue. 
 Bye. 
 Good night, sir. 
 Incident room, DS Taylor. 
 You what? 
 I was in a pub, just having a drink with some workmates. 
 What pub? 
 The Clarendon on West Avenue. 
 That's when he said it. 
 When did you over hear this conversation? 
 Beginning of August. 
 Beginning of August? 
 Yeah, sorry. I was going to call in sooner, but, um... 
 A relative who's a policeman, I was going to tell him, but he was away, then I was away. 
 I don't want to get anybody in trouble... No, you're not. 
 It's absolutely fine. 
 Er... When...? 
 No, you go. 
 Where do you work? 
 Hampshire's Bakery, in Leicester. 
 What exactly did Ian say? 
 That he'd given blood for someone else. 
 It's on the corner. 
 Mr Whenby? 
 Yeah? 
 DI Madden, Enderby police station. 
 Can we have a few words? 
 What's this about? 
 Down the station. 
 Did you give blood, Ian, during the last screening? 
 I don't live in the area, so I never got a letter or anything. 
 Did you give blood, Ian? 
 I didn't think I had to. 
 I would have done. 
 You can take it now. 
 We have it on good authority that you gave your blood in someone else's place. 
 No? 
 Did you do that, Ian? 
 Why would I? 
 You were heard talking about it, bragging about it. 
 I never bragged about it. 
 So you DID do it? 
 I may have done. 
 As a favour, that's all. 
 A favour? 
 Yeah. 
 He'd done it for a mate, stood in for him, so he asked me to do it as a mate, that's all. 
 And you never thought to ask why? 
 He'd done it cos his mate had been done for flashing. 
 Thought police would nick him. 
 So...? 
 Well, he's me boss. 
 At the bakery where I work. 
 So I didn't have a choice. 
 Not if I wanted to keep me job. 
 And how, exactly, did you go about it? 
 He sorted out his passport. 
 Cut out a photo with a blade and replaced it with mine. 
 Do you think a man would go to such lengths if he wasn't guilty? 
 In this case, guilty of murder? 
 No way. He told me he was doing it for a mate. I believed him. 
 Why wouldn't I? 
 I never thought he'd killed anybody. 
 Do you have any idea how much police time you've wasted? 
 I'm sorry. I really thought... 
 What's his name, Ian? 
 Right, according to this, he was charged with indecent exposure in 1978... 
 '79... He even had treatment at the Carlton Hayes Hospital. 
 Next to the pavilion? Why didn't we have him three years ago? 
 Because he and his wife were living in Leicester. 
 They moved to Littlethorpe a month after Linda's murder. 
 Was he questioned during the house-to-house? 
 Yeah. He had an alibi. 
 On 21st November '83, he was babysitting his ten-week-old son. 
 He wouldn't leave his ten-week-old baby at home? Where was his wife? 
 Night class in Narborough. 
 Right. We'll go to the house. 
 You two go to the bakery. 
 See what you can find. 
 I hope this isn't another wild goose chase! Better bloody not be. 
 DS Taylor, Leicestershire Police. 
 DC Kohli. 
 Got a Colin Pitchfork works here? 
 Here you are. 
 Bingo. 
 Let's go. Thanks. 
 Has he done a runner, do you think? 
 Wait. We'll just wait. 
 Wait, wait, wait. 
 Colin Pitchfork? 
 Yeah? 
 Detective Chief Superintendent David Baker. 
 Detective Inspector Alan Madden. 
 What's this about? 
 We'd like you to answer a few questions on the death of Lynda Mann and Dawn Ashworth. 
 He got a letter saying he was in the clear. Come inside. 
 Get in the car, please, Mr Pitchfork. 
 OK. 
 Colin? 
 Colin, where are you going? 
 Colin! 
 Can you get off me, please? 
 I don't understand. 
 Hello? 
 Alec, we've made an arrest. 
 A suspect is in custody. 
 David, that's great news! 
 Not yet. 
 We've been here before. 
 I want the DNA proof. 
 The sample is on its way to Aldermaston. Can you go? 
 Yes, of course. I'll see you there. 
 Yes. Right. 
 Say nothing to anyone. 
 Alan, come on. 
 Blood group A. PGM non-secretor. 
 Sample one. 
 Colin Pitchfork. 
 Sample two. 
 Right. 
 Why would he get someone to give their blood if he didn't have something to hide? 
 Why would a 17-year-old lad admit to a crime he didn't commit? 
 We've been here before. 
 Go and tell them, Peter. 
 No, it's all yours, Alec. 
 Any news? 
 Nothing yet, sir. 
 As soon as there is, I want to know. Yes, sir. 
 This is the killer's code. 
 And this... is Colin Pitchfork's. 
 Colin Pitchfork's genetic fingerprint... matches exactly the genetic fingerprint of the man we know raped and murdered Lynda Mann and Dawn Ashworth. 
 Are you sure? 
 You got him. 
 You finally got him. 
 Congratulations. 
 Thank you. 
 Thank you. 
 Kath? 
 David Baker. 
 I made you a promise. 
 I just wanted to say we've got him. 
 Here he is. 
 Well done, sir. 
 ♪ For he's a jolly good fellow ♪ 
♪ For he's a jolly good fellow For he's a jolly good fellow ♪ 
♪ And so say all of us. ♪ 
 I'd just like to say congratulations to all of you. 
 Thank you for all your hard work. 
 To a result! 
 At last! 
 Congratulations, David. 
 Thank you, sir. 
 Well, thank God it's all over with. 
 It'll never be over with, not for me. 
 I'll never forgive that man for what he did to my Lynda, what he's done to this family. 
 People tell me that Dawn was in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
 But Dawn wasn't in the wrong place. 
 It was a summer's afternoon and she was just going about her business, just walking down... 
 He was the one in the wrong place, not Dawn. 
 So why the gap of three years? 
 He'd had an affair with a woman, which seemed to keep him occupied. 
 When that stopped, he was back on the lookout. 
 He would have done it again. 
 You think so? 
 Oh, yeah. 
 By the way, you should know that the judge said had it not been for DNA, that he would still be at large and that other women would have been in danger. 
 I've been meaning to ask you. 
 How far WERE you willing to go? 
 How many blood samples? 
 We had another 27,000 in the system. 
 All right. 
 Well... Maybe now we can get back to our normal life. 
 Come on. 
 Normal life? 
 Since when have WE lived a normal life? 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 