Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x04 - X-Ray - Smallville 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x04 - X-Ray https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=25&t=4656 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/05/02 03:11 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x04 - X-Ray 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Episode #104 - "X-Ray"  
 Original airdate: November 6, 2001  
 Written by Mark Verheiden 
 Directed by James Frawley 
 Act 1 Teaser  
 Lex enters Smallville Savings and Loan with a backpack. Day. A manager approaches.  
 Lex: I want to close all my accounts.  
 Manager: May I ask why?  
 Lex: Is there a problem?  
 Manager: No! No, no, no, of course not. It's... it's just the Luthors have been banking here for 12 years. It's quite a shock.  
 Lex: I'd like it all in cash.  
 Manager: We'll do our best. Can I get your signature?  
 Lex: Certainly.  
 Lex signs the form. The manager takes it back to a file cabinet, holds it next to another of Lex's signatures, and it doesn't match.  
 Manager: Mr. Luthor, may I see a driver's license, please?  
 Lex: Why?  
 Manager: This signature doesn't match our records. I-I just need to verify your I.D.  
 Lex: I'm standing right here in front of you. What more do you need?  
 Manager: Sorry, it's bank policy.  
 Lex: (Pulling a gun out of the backpack.) I need the money now. Fill the bag.  
 CUT TO Lex running out of the bank with the gun and the backpack as the alarm rings behind him. He runs into Clark who is walking up the sidewalk.  
 Clark: Lex, what's going on?  
 Lex: Get out of the way.  
 He pushes Clark aside, sending him flying through a shop window. Clark looks at Lex from the floor of the shop and his vision changes. He gets a flash of Lex's skeleton and it's covered in green patches. His vision returns to normal as Lex runs away.  
 CUT TO a woman entering an antique shop, which is also her home, carrying the backpack. She runs up the stairs as her daughter comes out of the bathroom.  
 Mother: (Taking a stack of bills from the bag.) Tina, where did you get this?  
 Tina: Promised I'd solve all of our problems.  
 Mother: Oh, please tell me you didn't rob the bank yesterday.  
 Tina: I didn't. (She morphs into Lex) Lex Luthor did. (Morphs back to herself)  
 Mother: Stop it! Stop it, Tina. You promised that you wouldn't do that anymore.  
 Tina: I did it for us.  
 Mother: Somebody could have gotten hurt.  
 Tina: Mom, I'm fine, and now we can afford the have the perfect life.  
 Mother: Tina, nobody's life is perfect.  
 Tina: Lana's is.  
 Mother: Stealing isn't the way to solve our problems. I'm taking it back. I'll say I found it in a dumpster.  
 Tina: (Tries to take the bag) No, Mom, come on! We deserve to be happy! (They continue to struggle for the bag and it rips, sending Tina's mom rolling down the stairs) Mom! Mom! (She runs to her mother and turns her onto her back) No.  
 Tina gets the phone and starts to dial.  
 Operator: 911 Emergency. (Tina sees herself in the mirror and doesn't answer.) Hello? Hello? Is anyone there? Hello? Hello, is anyone there?  
 Tina: I'm sorry. It's nothing.  
 Tina hangs up the phone.  
 (opening credits)  
 Act 1 Scene 1  
 Clark, Jonathan, and Martha in the Kents' kitchen. Day. Martha is reading a newspaper with the headline “Lex Luthor Robs Bank.”  
 Martha: This is incredible. Why would Lex Luthor need to rob a bank?  
 Jonathan: I've seen some strange things in my day, but this definitely takes the cake. (Looks at Clark) Well, almost.  
 Martha: He got away with 100,000 dollars.  
 Clark: I know Lex. It wasn't him.  
 Jonathan: Clark, I know that he's a friend of yours, but come on. You saw him with your own eyes.  
 Clark: I don't know what I saw.  
 Martha: There must be some kind of reasonable explanation for this. I hope.  
 Lex: (Through the screen door) Me too. I hate to think I have an evil twin.  
 Martha: Lex, we didn't hear you pull up.  
 Lex: (Enters) May I come in? I promise I'm not packing heat.  
 Clark: Lex, how come you're not in jail?  
 Lex: Because I was hosting a reception for 200 fertilizer distributors in Metropolis at the time of the robbery.  
 Jonathan: Do the police have any leads?  
 Lex: None. That's why I wanted to talk to you, Clark. Your name was on the witness list. Did you actually see this person?  
 Clark: Yeah, he looked just like you.  
 Lex: Except his fingerprints and signature didn't match mine. You sure your eyes weren't playing tricks on you?  
 Clark: What's gonna happen now?  
 Lex: Hopefully, the money will turn up. In the meantime, the Metropolis tabloids will have a field day, and I'm sure certain people's opinions of me will be cemented in stone.  
 Jonathan: I gotta get to work.  
 Lex: (To Clark) I'm sorry you got thrown through that window. I promise I'm not a criminal mastermind.  
 Clark: I know. A criminal mastermind would have worn a mask.  
 He pauses and then smiles.  
 Act 1 Scene 2  
 Clark and Pete in gym class at school. Day. There are boys rope-climbing as the girls leave the gym.  
 Coach: Come on, move it! That's the stuff. Come on, you can do it. Hustle, hustle, hustle! Get on up there. Get on up there. You can do it. That's the stuff. Let's go, come on!  
 Clark watches Lana leave with the rest of the girls.  
 Pete: Keep your eyes in your head, man.  
 Clark suddenly squeezes his eyes shut and grabs his head.  
 Coach: Kent, are we boring you?  
 Clark: I'm sorry. It's-- my head hurts.  
 Coach: That's because you need to get some blood pumping. Come on. You and Ross are next. Come on down, boys.  
 CUT TO Pete and Clark climbing ropes next to each other.  
 Coach: Come on, put a little muscle into it. If Ross beats you it's ten laps. Come on, Clark, let's go. Move it, move it!  
 Pete: (To Clark.) Looks like someone's doing laps. (Clark looks at Pete and his vision flashes into x-ray. He sees the muscles in Pete's face) Clark, man, what's wrong? Clark, man, what's wrong? (Clark loses his grip on the rope and falls to the ground) Clark!  
 Coach: Whoa, Kent, are you all right? Kent, what happened up there.  
 Clark sits up and looks at the wall of the gym with a start. He sees through it and into the girls' locker room. Lana walks into view wearing a towel. She turns her back to Clark and let's the towel drop. He smiles.  
 Act 1 Scene 3  
 Martha, Clark, and Jonathan in the Kents' living room. Day.  
 Martha: So when you have these flashes, you can see through anything? People, objects?  
 Clark: Sometimes I can see through things, other times it's like an x-ray.  
 Jonathan: And there's no warning? This just happens?  
 Clark: Well, I get a headache and then it hits me. I mean, the first time, I thought I was hallucinating and then it happened again.  
 Martha: Clark, I'm sure there's some way to control this.  
 Clark: You guys, I can see through things. How do you control that?  
 Martha: You got to practice, Clark. Your eyes have muscles just like your legs.  
 Jonathan: Your mom is right, son. Look, all you have to do is you have to figure out a way to, uh, condition them so that you don't get these random flashes.  
 Clark: Oh, that sounds great. How am I gonna do that? (Leaves the room)  
 Act 1 Scene 4  
 Nell walks Tina to the garage where Lana is cleaning. Day.  
 Nell: Lana, you have a visitor.  
 Nell goes back to the house.  
 Tina: Hey, Lana.  
 Lana: Tina, I didn't see you at school today. Is everything okay?  
 Tina: Yeah. My mom's not feeling well. But she's better so... So you quit cheerleading and Nell banishes you to the garage?  
 Lana: She's got clutter issues. I'm trying to help resolve them.  
 Tina: Has she forgiven you for quitting the squad?  
 Lana: Not yet.  
 Tina: Well, at least now you have some more time for you unpopular friends.  
 Lana: Tina, you're not unpopular. Besides, what happened to a girl who didn't care what people thought about her?  
 Tina: She went to high school.  
 Lana: At least your mom doesn't try to run your life.  
 Tina: You know, you're lucky that Nell cares about you. I mean, if something were to happen to my mom, I don't know anybody that would take me in. I'd probably be shipped off to a foster home or something.  
 Lana: Thanks for that burst of cheer.  
 Tina: Well, what do you want me to say? You have the perfect life.  
 Lana: You want it? You can have it.  
 Tina: I'd settle for the outfit. Wouldn't it be cool if we were sisters? If anything happened to my mom, do you think that Nell would adopt me?  
 Lana: Tina, nothing's gonna happen to your mom.  
 Act 1 Scene 5  
 Clark walks down the sidewalk. Day. He grabs his head and starts seeing this in x-ray. He watches a woman's skeleton walk by. He sees another skeleton with green patches enter the antique shop and when his vision returns to normal, he sees that it's Tina.  
 Martha: (Coming out of the flower shop) Did it happen again? (Clark nods) Let's go home.  
 Clark: No, I'm okay. Didn't you need to go to the antique store?  
 CUT TO Martha and Clark entering the shop.  
 Martha: Hello? (Tina's mother enters)  
 Mother: Mrs. Kent. I-I mean Martha. How are you?  
 Martha: Good. How's business?  
 Mother: Couldn't be better. I'm doing so many estate sales in Metropolis, I'm thinking of selling the place.  
 Martha: That would be a shame. I thought you loved the store.  
 Mother: Not really. I never wanted this life, it just kind of happened.  
 Clark: Is Tina around? I thought I saw her come in.  
 Mother: Uh, she's at Lana's. They're inseparable these days.  
 Clark: Really? I could have sworn that--  
 Mother: You must be seeing things.  
 Clark: I need some air. I'm gonna go for a walk. (He exits)  
 Martha: I came by to pick up the lamp.  
 Mother: Lamp?  
 Martha: The one you were restoring for Jonathan?  
 Mother: Oh, yes. Silly me. It's in the back.  
 She goes to the back room. Martha looks around. She goes to a dresser with an adjustable mirror and tilts the mirror downward slightly. In it, she sees a stack of bills sticking out from under a chest behind her. She picks it up as Tina's mother reenters.  
 Mother: It's not quite ready, its...  
 Martha: I found this under the chest.  
 Mother: I'm such an airhead. A client paid me in cash. I've been looking for this all day.  
 Martha: That's a lot of money. You should be careful.  
 Mother: Thanks. Why don't you stop by next week? It'll be ready then. (Martha starts to go, leaving her purse on the counter. Tina's mother takes the keys out of it) Uh, Mrs. Kent? You forgot your purse.  
 Martha: Oh. Looks like we're both airheads today.  
 Martha leaves.  
 Mother: Bye.  
 She flips the closed sign on the door and she morphs back into Tina.  
 CUT TO Martha walking away from the shop. The truck, with Clark at the wheel, comes speeding onto the sidewalk straight at her.  
 Martha: Clark! Ah!  
 She jumps out of the way and the truck swerves around the corner. Clark runs to Martha from the other direction.  
 Clark: Mom, ware you all right?  
 Martha: Clark. (She hugs him)  
 Fade to black.  
 Act 2 Scene 1  
 Clark, Jonathan, and Martha in the Kents' kitchen. Day.  
 Jonathan: The police found the truck. Abandoned out by the Stewart's farm.  
 Clark: Did anybody else see the driver?  
 Jonathan: No.  
 Martha: I could have sworn it was you, Clark.  
 Clark: I guess I'm not the only one with a vision problem.  
 Jonathan: Look, I don't understand. Whoever it was, how did they get your keys?  
 Martha: I have no idea. I only went into the antique...  
 Clark: What is it, Mom?  
 Martha: Nothing. It's just that Rose Grier was acting very strange. I found 5,000 dollars in cash under a dresser. It had a Smallville Savings and Loan band on it. She said a customer paid her, but--  
 Clark: You think it's from the bank robbery?  
 Martha: It crossed my mind.  
 Jonathan: So wait a minute. Rose took your keys, turned into Clark, and then tried to run you down?  
 Martha: You're right. It's crazy.  
 Clark: I don't think so.  
 Jonathan: What?  
 Clark: I saw a flash of Tina Grier's skeleton. It was weird and green. It didn't look human. You know, like the ones you see in anatomy books?  
 Martha: That's probably because Tina was born with a soft bone disease. They had that poor girl on all these experimental drugs. Doctors didn't believe she'd live to see first grade.  
 Jonathan: She did get better right around her third birthday.  
 Clark: That was right after the meteor shower, wasn't it?  
 Jonathan: Yeah.  
 Martha: Clark, what do you think Tina's doing?  
 Clark: I don't know. I saw the same weird skeleton flash just after the robbery, I think. I just wish I could control this.  
 Martha: What if you try focusing it, you know like a telescope.  
 Jonathan: Yeah, you could start with something small. (Reaches into his pocket and holds up his closed hand) Try to tell me what I have in my hand right now.  
 Clark: (Looks at it) Your pocket knife.  
 Jonathan: (Reveals his pocket knife) You could see through my hand.  
 Clark: No, you always carry your knife in that pocket. (Smiles)  
 Act 2 Scene 2  
 Lana in the garage. Day. She opens a dusty box. Inside are pom-poms, a snow globe, and old clothes. She finds a diary and starts reading through it.  
 CUT TO Lana entering the house with the diary.  
 Nell: Sweetie, what's wrong?  
 Lana: You lied to me about my mother.  
 Act 2 Scene 3  
 Lex comes out of a coffee shop to see a man leaning on his car. Day.  
 Lex: May I help you?  
 Roger: Roger Nixon, Metropolis Inquisitor.  
 Lex: Get off my car.  
 Roger is holding up a copy of the Inquisitor with a picture of Lex at the robbery on the cover.  
 Roger: That's a hell of a picture, Lex. You know, it really boosted our sales. Lex: I've read comic books with less fiction than your rag. Roger: Well, how about this? Is this fiction? (Shows Lex a file) It's your juvenile record. Fascinating reading. It must have taken a Brink's truck of your dad's money to keep all those people quiet.  
 Lex: Those records are sealed.  
 Roger: I'm a resourceful guy. You know, I saw that picture yesterday, and it got me to think of a follow-up. “Lex Luthor's Wild Youth in Metropolis.” Does the name Club Zero ring a bell?  
 Lex: You print one word about that, I'll sue.  
 Roger: Lawsuits take years. The genie will be out of the bottle and all the people will know that the new and improved Lex Luthor is nothing but a facade.  
 Lex: You know what I think, Rog? If you wanted to print that, it would already be in the paper. I think you're looking for a payoff.  
 Roger: It's a business proposition. 100,000 dollars and these records will disappear forever.  
 Lex: (Getting into his car) I'd question your integrity, but you're a journalist.  
 Roger: Your father really thinks he can hide you here forever? (Offers his card) You got 24 hours and that's just the front page.  
 Lex takes the card and Roger speeds away.  
 Act 2 Scene 4  
 Lana comes home and Nell waits for her on the porch. Night.  
 Nell: Lana, I didn't lie to you. I told you your mother would have been proud of you and she would have. She loved you.  
 Lana: You told me a fairytale about a woman who led the perfect life. That life was a lie. You said she loved cheerleading. She hated it, but was afraid to quit. She didn't even want to stay in Smallville. She wanted to see the world.  
 Nell: What should I have told you? Your mother was unhappy?  
 Lana: I would have liked the truth.  
 Nell: I told you what I thought you could handle. Your mother was like any other teenager. She had her ups and her downs.  
 Lana: I feel like I spent my entire life trying to measure up to a Laura Lang who didn't exist.  
 Nell: You're reading a diary of a 17-year-old girl. It's a snapshot. It's one time in her life.  
 Lana: It's like I wrote this myself.  
 Nell: The truth is, your mother was the brightest, most beautiful girl in her class. Do you know she was picked to give the graduation speech? I guess the diary ended before that happened. You should have heard the speech she gave that day.  
 Lana: What did she say?  
 Nell: Everything had been bubbling up inside her for 18 years. She said she felt suffocated in Smallville.  
 Lana: Do you have a copy?  
 Nell: No, but I'll never forget the first line. “I never made a difference here, but maybe my children can.”  
 Act 2 Scene 5  
 Clark watches Tina in the hall at school. Day. She is wearing the same sweater Lana had on the day before.  
 Chloe: Hello, Clark.  
 Pete: (Waves his hand in front of Clark's face) Is everything okay?  
 Clark: Have you guys ever noticed anything strange about Tina Grier?  
 Chloe: Nothing that would require the intense concentration you're exerting to look at her.  
 Pete: Unh-unh. The only thing weird about Tina is the amount of time she spends idolizing Lana.  
 Chloe: Yeah, she's practically her clone. (To Pete) Come on, let's go.  
 Lana and Whitney come out of a class.  
 Tina: Lana!  
 Whitney: I swear that's girl's got you lojacked.  
 Tina: How do you like the sweater?  
 Lana: It's great. I've got one just like it.  
 Tina: I know. I got it at the same store. I've been going on this shopping spree. Hey, look. I even found this emerald necklace in the antique store.  
 Whitney: Why am I not surprised? (To Lana) See you at lunch.  
 Whitney turns and leaves.  
 Tina: Hey, are you okay? I stopped by your house earlier and Nell said you weren't in the best mood so...  
 Lana: I'm fine. Don't worry about it.  
 Tina: Good, ‘cause I need a favor. My mom is moving to Metropolis full-time but see, she doesn't want to pull me out of school. So I was thinking I can move in with you and Nell.  
 Lana: (Taken aback) For how long?  
 Tina: I don't know. A couple months. I mean, my mom would pay you guys. Trust me, money is not a problem. Just name your price. I could even get a horse. Uh, we could go riding together. I mean, wouldn't that be cool?  
 Lana: Yeah, uh, just give me some time to think about it. Are you sure your mom's okay with this?  
 Tina: Of course. She knows that we're best friends. It was her idea.  
 Lana: Well, just let me run it by Nell first. She's kind of particular.  
 Tina: Nell loves me. Look, I don't understand. I thought that you'd be happy. I mean, people even say that we look alike. We could be sisters.  
 Lana: I'm just not sure it's such a good idea.  
 Tina: Oh. Okay, I see, so it was all a lie? I mean, you were just pretending to like me and then when I come to you in my hour of need you're just gonna blow me off?  
 Lana: Tina, calm down.  
 Tina: No, you should have said yes, Lana. It would have been perfect.  
 Tina walks away when she gets to her locker, she rips off the emerald necklace and throws it in the locker then leaves. Clark comes out of a nearby classroom and stares at the locker. He sees through to her backpack., then through that, seeing the money from the bank. Tina comes back.  
 Tina: Clark! What's your glitch, huh? Why do you keep staring at me?  
 Clark: Uh, I don't know. Sorry. (He walks away)  
 Act 2 Scene 6  
 Martha and Jonathan in the hayloft. Day. Clark enters.  
 Martha: Clark, what are you doing home so early?  
 Jonathan: More vision problems?  
 Clark: I controlled it. Once, sort of. I concentrated and it worked.  
 Martha: That's great.  
 Jonathan: What'd you concentrate on? v Clark: Tina Grier's locker.  
 Martha: What did you see?  
 Clark: The money from the bank robbery.  
 Act 2 Scene 7  
 Tina is in the antique shop, practicing Lana's signature. Day. Two cops approach.  
 CUT TO Tina's mother Rose coming outside.  
 Rose: Oh, I was just locking up, deputies. Uh, how can I help you?  
 Cop #1: We're looking for you daughter.  
 Rose: Well, she hasn't come home yet. Uh, what's the problem?  
 Cop #1: The money stolen from the Smallville Savings and Loan was recovered in her school locker this afternoon.  
 Rose: You're kidding. My Tina? How could she be involved in this?  
 Cop #1: Well, that's what we'd like to ask her. Would you bring her down to the station when she gets home?  
 Rose: Certainly. We'll cooperate in any way we can. By the way, who told you the money was in her locker?  
 Cop #1: Some kid with an anonymous tip. (They leave)  
 Act 2 Scene 8  
 Clark in the loft looking at his football bank. Night. Lana enters.  
 Lana: Clark, what are you doing?  
 Clark: I'm just trying to figure out how much change I have inside.  
 Lana: You could always take it out and count it.  
 Clark: Where's the fun in that?  
 Lana: Did you hear about Tina? They found the money from the robbery in her locker.  
 Clark: Really? v Lana: She actually cornered me today and asked if she could come live with me and Nell.  
 Clark: Just what you need. A bank-robbing roommate.  
 Lana: I told her it wasn't such a good idea. I've got enough problems with Nell without adding more to the mix.  
 Clark: I always thought you and your aunt were really close.  
 Lana: She wants me to be something I'm not. It's like having a dual identity. There's the person that everybody sees, and the person that you want to be.  
 Clark: I know the feeling.  
 Lana: That's why I came here. I think you're the only person who sees me for who I truly am. I want to thank you for that.  
 Lana kisses him and he pulls away.  
 Clark: What about Whitney?  
 Lana: Forget Whitney. I've had my eye on you, just like you've had your eye on me.  
 Lana kisses him again. When she pulls back, she's Tina.  
 Tina: I don't know how you found out about that money, but you should have stayed out of my life, Clark.  
 Tina throws Clark through the wall of the loft.  
 Fade to black.  
 
 
 
 Act 3 Scene 1  
 Martha and Clark in the loft. Night. Jonathan enters with a flashlight.  
 Jonathan: Well, there's no sign of Tina or Lana or...  
 Martha: Are you positive you saw her turn back into Tina?  
 Clark: I think the meteor shower did something to her bones.  
 Jonathan: So she can change appearance at will?  
 Clark: Yeah, and it gives her strength. That's how she threw me out of the loft.  
 Martha: What should we tell the police?  
 Clark: Nothing. Tina can turn into whoever she wants and I'm the only one who can tell the difference.  
 Act 3 Scene 2  
 Chloe at the Torch. Day. She is working at the computer and hears someone enter.  
 Chloe: Pete, you throw that rubber spider again, and I'm going for my staple gun.  
 Lana: Mind if I come in?  
 Chloe: The girl who writes for “The Pom-pom Parade” is, no surprise, out with mono.  
 Lana: This week's editorial?  
 Chloe: My semiannual “Where Are Our Priorities” rant.  
 Lana: For what it's worth, I really like what you've done with the paper this year.  
 Chloe: Well, that puts you in the majority of one. I'm sorry about the pom-pom crack. Once I hit “take no prisoners” mode, it's kind of hard for me to shut it off.  
 Lana: Actually, I admire it. You know who you are and you go for it.  
 Chloe: Well, I appreciate the compliment. However, I know you haven't come down to this hole to give me a pep talk.  
 Lana: The Torch prints the graduation speech every year, right?  
 Chloe: Having transcribed last year's snore-fest, that's an unfortunate yes. What year?  
 Lana: 1977.  
 Chloe: That's P.C.  
 Lana: P.C.?  
 Chloe: Pre-computer, when disco ruled the earth. Anything we have before then's gonna be H.C.  
 Lana: Hard copy.  
 Chloe: You catch on fast. (Goes to the file cabinet) Uh, let's see. ‘77, here we go. (Pulls out the issue) “Saturday Night Fever” was their prom theme. Styx won “Group of the Century”, and... wow. Someone got in the administration's collective face.  
 Lana: (Reading.) “Due to the controversial nature of this year's graduation address, the editors have elected not to run the text in this issue of the Torch.”  
 Chloe: Meaning, ironically, it's probably the only one worth reading. You know, maybe I could track something down for you. Do you know who gave the speech?  
 Lana: Yeah. My mother.  
 Act 3 Scene 3  
 Lex in one of his sitting rooms having a drink. Day. There are stacks of money on the table next to him. Roger enters.  
 Lex: Can I fix you a drink?  
 Roger: If it's all the same to you, I'd just as soon get my money and get out.  
 Lex: Of course.  
 Roger: I assume I don't have to count it.  
 Lex: I've even supplied the bag. (Throws a bag to Roger who starts filling it with the money) You're feeling pretty good about yourself right now, aren't you? You'd think with all the money my father's spent, he could make things disappear.  
 Roger: Maybe he's not as smart as he thinks. (Drops a file on the table) The original. Have a nice life.  
 Lex: If you walk out that door, I will make you disappear.  
 Roger: What are you gonna do? You gonna have me killed?  
 Lex: No. You'll be very much alive. But there won't be any evidence of your existence.  
 Roger: What are you talking about?  
 Lex: Driver's license, passport, social security number, bank account will all be erased. With one call, I can ensure that there will be no record that you actually walked this earth.  
 Roger: You're bluffing.  
 Lex: Call your bank. See if your account still exists. (Roger pulls out his phone) That is, if your cell phone hasn't already been disconnected.  
 Can't get the phone to work.  
 Roger: What did you do?  
 Lex: Don't worry, Roger. I'm going to give you a new identity. One that's a little less upstanding. Maybe a murderer. Maybe a drug dealer. Either way, you'll lose your job, your house, and your family.  
 Roger: Look, I'll give the money back. Then we'll be even.  
 Lex: No, we won't. Because I also know your brother works for juvenile court. What'd you tell him? “Steal the records and you can make some quick cash”? He could do time for that.  
 Roger: Leave him out of this.  
 Lex: I didn't get him involved, Roger. You did. You came into my life thinking you could shake me down because I was some spoiled rich brat who needed his daddy's protection. Trust me. When I make things disappear, they stay buried.  
 Roger: What do you want from me?  
 Lex: Your help. My father's obsessed with the Daily Planet. But I know the Inquisitor is read by the people. They're the ones I'm interested in. I will feed you stories and you will print them. Any negative stories about me you will kill. You'll be at my disposal 24/7. Follow me.  
 They enter a room with Lex's battered Porsche.  
 Roger: What happened to your car?  
 Lex: I drove it off a bridge at 60 miles an hour.  
 Roger: How are you still alive?  
 Lex: That's the mystery I need your help solving.  
 Act 3 Scene 4  
 Clark sits on his porch looking at the lead box. Night. Lana approaches.  
 Lana: Clark, what's wrong? Why are you looking at me like that?  
 Clark: Sorry, it's nothing. I wasn't sure it was you.  
 Lana: This is a bad time.  
 Clark: No.  
 Lana: I was out jogging, didn't want to go home, kinda ended up here.  
 Clark: You and Nell are still fighting.  
 Lana: How'd you know?  
 Clark: I'm just perceptive, I guess.  
 Lana: I found my mother's diary. Discovered that a lot of the things I've been feeling she felt too.  
 Clark: That's great. Isn't it?  
 Lana: It's great and it frustrating and it's scary. It's like she could see right through me. Do you ever feel like that?  
 Clark: More than you know.  
 Lana: When I was reading her words, it was like she was talking to me. And then she was gone.  
 Clark: You're lucky... you're lucky you got at least that.  
 Lana: Have you ever tried to find your parents? Your biological parents, I mean.  
 Clark: Not really. I figure they're a million years away from my life now.  
 Lana: If you could ask them a question, what would you ask?  
 Clark: What happened? Why'd they let me go? How do I make sense of all the strangeness in my life?  
 Lana: I guess neither of us will ever get a straight answer.  
 Clark: I hope you find what you're looking for.  
 Act 3 Scene 5  
 Whitney joins Lana in the hall at school. Day.  
 Whitney: Hey. I thought you were working on a project.  
 Lana: I finished early. I thought I'd spend some time with the best boyfriend in the world.  
 Whitney: I'd love to but I've got that trig test tomorrow, remember?  
 Lana: Right. I forgot. That's okay. We've got the rest of our lives. (She kisses him)  
 Whitney: What's gotten into you?  
 Lana: It's the new me. You like?  
 Whitney: I definitely could get used to it. Do you need a ride home?  
 Lana: I'm covered. Could I borrow your jacket? It's a little cold.  
 Whitney: Yeah. Yeah, sure. (He gives her his letterman's jacket) I'll see you tomorrow.  
 Lana puts on the jacket and when she turns around, she's Tina.  
 Act 3 Scene 6  
 Pete and Clark walk down the sidewalk. Day.  
 Pete: So you're telling me Tina Grier can bend her bones like a contortionist and become anybody she wants?  
 Clark: I saw it with my own eyes.  
 Pete: I'm sorry, this is usually Chloe's territory. I cover girls, football, and general guy stuff. She does the tails of the unexplained. So why don't you give her a call?  
 Clark: I did. She said she was busy with something else.  
 Pete: You realize that's like getting turned down by the National Enquirer.  
 Clark: Tell me again why we're friends?  
 Pete: Because even when I think you're whacked, I show up ready to rumble. (Clark looks in the window of the antique shop) Great, it's closed. Clark, man, haven't you ever watched “Cops”? The last place Tina's gonna be hiding out is in her mom's store. (Clark flashes into x-ray vision and sees a skeleton in a closet) Earth to Clark. Is everything okay?  
 Clark: I need to get in here.  
 Pete: Why?  
 Clark: Just... it's a hunch.  
 They go in through the back.  
 Pete: Hey, Clark. What are we looking for?  
 Clark opens the closet and Rose's body falls out.  
 Pete: Whoa. Who's that?  
 Clark: It's Tina's mom.  
 Pete: Damn. How'd you know she was in there?  
 Clark: Because I can see right through the door, Pete.  
 Pete: Very funny, Sherlock. How do you think she died?  
 Clark: Broken neck... I'm guessing.  
 Pete: My call, Tina's already on a bus to Metropolis.  
 Clark: I don't think so.  
 They find the papers with Lana's name all over them.  
 Pete: Why's she writing Lana's signature?  
 Clark: You said Tina was obsessed with her. She's gonna take it to the next level.  
 Pete: She wants to kill Lana?  
 Clark: Worse. She wants to become Lana.  
 Act 3 Scene 7  
 Lana at her parents' graves. Night.  
 Lana: I found your journal, Mom. The one you kept in high school? Suddenly all these conversations don't seem so one-sided. I tried to find your graduation speech, but they didn't print it. Every time I get closer to you, something pulls me away.  
 Whitney: (From behind her) Lana.  
 Lana: Whitney, what are you doing here?  
 Whitney: You're aunt said you went riding. I just followed the path.  
 Lana: Just talking to my parents.  
 Whitney: They're dead, Lana. You have this great life and you can't even see it. You have no right be unhappy. They're not coming back, Lana. Deal with it.  
 Lana: What are you saying?  
 Whitney: I'm saying you don't deserve your life.  
 Whitney morphs into Tina. Tina reaches out and takes Lana's necklace.  
 Tina: I do.  
 Tina grabs Lana's neck and starts choking her. When Lana loses consciousness, Tina takes her necklace.)  
 Fade to black.  
 Act 4 Scene 1  
 Lana wakes up in a concrete coffin inside a tomb. Night. She starts to scream and pound on the lid. Clark runs into the cemetery.  
 Whitney: Clark, what are you doing here?  
 Clark: I was gonna ask you the same thing. Where's Lana?  
 Whitney: I don't know. Nell said she came out here, but I can't find her. (Whitney is holding the necklace and Clark backs away) What's the matter, Clark? Not feeling well?  
 Clark doubles over and Whitney hits him with a pipe.  
 Clark: Tina, where's Lana?  
 Whitney: Tina doesn't exist any more!  
 Whitney hits Clark again sending him flying into a tombstone.  
 Clark: I know what' it's like to live with a secret. I know what happened to your mother.  
 Whitney: That was a lifetime ago. And don't worry about Lana. You'll be joining her very soon. (Whitney takes off the letterman's jacket and throws it aside, the necklace with it) I thought I killed you once. I'm not gonna make the same mistake twice.  
 Whitney swings the pipe at Clark, but Clark runs out of the way with super speed and ends up behind Whitney.  
 Clark: Where's Lana?  
 Whitney swings again. Clark ducks and grabs Whitney, slamming him against a tombstone.  
 Whitney: Who are you?  
 Whitney pushes Clark against another tombstone and Clark throws him to the ground.  
 Clark: Where is she?!  
 Whitney: She's dead.  
 (He picks up the pipe and swings. Clark grabs it and throws him at a tree. When he lands, he morphs back into Tina.  
 Clark: Lana!  
 Clark looks around with x-ray vision and sees Lana inside the tomb. He runs inside and punches a hole in the lid. When he pulls it off, Lana is unconscious. Clark picks her up and carries her out.  
 Act 4 Scene 2  
 Clark stands outside Lana's house. Night. There are police taking statements and Lana stands near the fence in the background. Chloe arrives.  
 Chloe: Hey, I heard what happened.  
 Clark: Did you come by to see if I was okay?  
 Chloe: Actually, as concerned as I always am bout your personal well-being, I'm not here to see you. (She walks to Lana) Lana, um, I did some digging.  
 Chloe gives Lana a tape that says “Graduation Address 1977.”  
 Lana: Oh, my God. How did you find this?  
 Chloe: If I told you, I'd have to kill you, and it looks like you've had enough trauma for one night.  
 Lana: Chloe, thank you.  
 Chloe: No problem.  
 Clark: (To Martha and Jonathan) How's Tina?  
 Martha: She won't be able to hurt anyone else.  
 Jonathan: I still don't understand why a girl would do all that.  
 Clark: I do. You go through life with a gift you have to keep a secret. When you see everyone around you being normal, you get jealous. You just want to be somebody else.  
 Clark watches as Whitney runs to Lana and hugs her.  
 Martha: You really like her, don't you?  
 Lana and Whitney go inside and with his x-ray vision, Clark sees them kiss.  
 Clark: Mom, if you could see anything, what would you do?  
 Martha: Learn to close my eyes.  
 Act 3 Scene 3  
 Lana sits in a truck outside her house in the rain. Night. She puts the tape in the player.  
 Man's voice: As principal of Smallville High, I would like to introduce the valedictorian of the class of 1977, Miss Laura Potter.  
 Laura's voice: Ladies and gentlemen, graduating seniors, good evening. These familiar words open every graduation address at Smallville High, and I use them deliberately, because the rest of my speech will not be for reassurance. (Lana's eyes tear up and she takes off her necklace to hold it in her hands) I never made a difference here. But maybe my children can. When I first came to Smallville High, I was full of hope. I thought the world was going to be different for me. But, of course, it wasn't.  
 Fade to black. 
 
Transcribed by: Kerrplop 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 