Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x10 - Shimmer - Smallville 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x10 - Shimmer https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=25&t=4701 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/05/02 04:12 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x10 - Shimmer 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Episode #110 - "Shimmer"  
 Original airdate: January 29, 2002  
 Written by Michael Green and Mark Verheiden 
 Directed by D.J. Caruso 
 Act 1 Teaser Smallville High-- Exterior  
 Pete is in front of an American Red Cross banner outside Smallville High. He sees Clark and Lana approaching. Clark is wearing gym sweats. Day.  
 Clark: So, how'd you get out of gym class?  
 Lana: I'm spared the sweats a couple of days, perk of chairing the blood drive.  
 Clark: I'm sorry, aren't you the girl who skinned her knee in seventh grade and passed out when she saw the blood?  
 Lana: I was hoping I'd live that one down, but yeah.  
 Pete: Clark, we're gonna be late. We gotta hit the showers.  
 Clark: Bye, Lana.  
 Lana: Bye.  
 CUT TO a girl sitting on the bleachers writing in a notebook. A boy walks up and takes it from her.  
 Amy: Troy, give it back!  
 Troy: Whoa, Amy. Just hang on. I just want to see if you wrote anything about me, that's all. (Another boy walks up) Oh, Jeff, did you know your sister's writing psycho love letters to Lex Luthor? It's always the quiet ones.  
 Jeff: Give it back to her.  
 Troy: Hey, it's not my fault you've got a weirdo for a sister.  
 Amy: You're a child, Troy. It's because of boys like you the girls want a man like Lex Luthor.  
 Amy takes her book back.  
 Troy: Keep dreaming, Amy. Your parents clean his bathrooms. You may live there, but Luthor's not gonna slum up with the help.  
 Jeff: Just leave her alone.  
 Troy: What are you gonna do about it? (Jeff walks away) Losers. (He leaves)  
 CUT TO Pete and Clark in the locker room.  
 Pete: So when are you donating blood?  
 Clark: I don't know.  
 Pete: Come on, Clark, selflessly giving of yourself to save others. Girls love that. (Clark groans) You okay?  
 Clark: Yeah, I'm fine.  
 We pan over to Troy getting dressed. One of his shoes falls off the bench. As he bends over to pick it up, his locker swings open.  
 Troy: Very funny, guys.  
 His shoe rises into the air and slams against the locker. Then the locker swings open hitting him in the face. One of the free weights across the room rises and flies into his chest, knocking him down. It hits him repeatedly.  
 Troy: Ha! Stop it!  
 Clark: (From out of sight) Troy, are you okay? (The weight drops) What happened?  
 Troy: It attacked me. It was like a ghost.  
 Clark and Pete go to help him. Behind them, a faint shape of a person is seen outlined in the steam. It looks around and walks away.  
 (opening credits)  
 Act 1 Scene 1  
 Clark and Chloe in the Beanery. Day.  
 Chloe: So you didn't see anything?  
 Clark: By the time I got around the corner, Troy was already on the floor.  
 Chloe: What about the voice he heard?  
 Clark: What are you thinking, Chloe, that the locker room's haunted?  
 Chloe: Not unless the meteor rocks can conjure up the ghost of dearly departed jock straps, which I seriously doubt.  
 Waitress: (Clearing their table) Here you go.  
 Clark: Thank you. Well, it's nice to see you still have your standards.  
 Chloe: Yeah.  
 Whitney: (To Lana, at the front of the shop) I don't have time right now. (Chloe and Clark listen)  
 Lana: Look, if you don't want to help me with this blood drive, then just say so.  
 Whitney: That's not it.  
 Chloe: (To Clark) That doesn't look pretty.  
 Lana: Then what is it?  
 Whitney: I really don't want to talk about this right now, okay?  
 Lana: No, it's not okay! You have been avoiding me for a week! Every time I ask you what's wrong you push me away. I'm worried about you.  
 Whitney: Don't be. I just need some space.  
 Lana: If that's what you want, fine. But if you can't even confide in me, I don't even know why we're going out in the first place.  
 Lana walks away, toward Clark and Chloe.  
 Chloe: Oh, quick! Pretend we weren't watching.  
 Clark: Hey, Lana, how's it going?  
 Lana: Not great, but thanks for the courtesy clueless.  
 Chloe: Would it cheer you up if we offered to volunteer a pint for tomorrow?  
 Lana: Let's fine out. (Looks at her clipboard) How about 9:45? That's open.  
 Chloe: Cool.  
 Lana: There, better already. Clark? What time can we schedule you? (He doesn't answer) We didn't pick a time for you yet. When can I put you down?  
 Clark: Actually, I'm not sure. Can I get back to you?  
 Lana: Sure. Not a problem.  
 Clark: Well, I mean I figure I could help out. You know, sign people up, pass out cookies.  
 Lana: That'd be great. Thanks. (She leaves)  
 Chloe: Bye. Okay, nice recovery, but am I to assume your offer to help isn't completely without an ulterior motive?  
 Clark: I'm just being a good friend.  
 Chloe: Okay.  
 Act 1 Scene 2  
 Victoria and Lex at the castle. Victoria is on the phone, Lex is playing pool. Day.  
 Victoria: Yes, Daddy, we're on schedule. Lex is playing hard to get, but I'm sure I can make him come around. Bye, Daddy. (She hangs up) He wants to know if you're selling this castle after we sell out your father.  
 Lex: Why? Does he want to ship it back over to Scotland? (He kisses her. We hear a girl clearing her throat off camera.) Amy. Where's your mom?  
 Amy comes in carrying a tray with two drinks.  
 Amy: Uh, flu I think. She asked me to cover for the afternoon.  
 Lex: Have you met Victoria?  
 Amy: No, not officially.  
 Lex: She's going to be staying with us.  
 Amy spills the drinks on Victoria.  
 Amy: I am so sorry! I'll go get something to clean this up.  
 Amy starts to leave.  
 Victoria: She spilled that on purpose!  
 Lex: It was a mistake. Wasn't it, Amy?  
 Amy: Sure. (Leaves)  
 Victoria: She's clearly got a thing for you, Lex.  
 Lex: Never took you for the jealous type. Her parents are a fixture. I brought them here from Metropolis.  
 Victoria: Send them back.  
 CUT TO Amy walking towards the servants' house. Her mother is outside gardening.  
 Mother: Were you just in the house? Amy! (Amy runs inside and her mother follows) Amy, I asked you a question.  
 Jeff: (Entering) What's going on?  
 Mother: Your sister was bothering Mr. Luthor.  
 Amy: If anyone is bothering him, it's that tramp. She ruining everything. She just wants him all to herself.  
 Mother: You know, we may live on the Luthor estate, but we're not part of that world. You have to know your place. Both of you.  
 Jeff: Don't worry, mom, we know exactly what our place is. (She leaves)  
 Amy: Thanks, Jeff.  
 Jeff: Just be careful.  
 Jeff leaves. Amy pulls out a watch and kisses it then puts it on. We see that the face is a Napoleon coin.  
 Act 1 Scene 3  
 Clark, Martha, and Jonathan in the Kents' dining room. Night. Clark has his schoolwork out on the table and Martha picks up a pamphlet.  
 Martha: Clark, what's this?  
 Clark: Blood drive at school. Lana's running it.  
 Jonathan: Clark, you know you can't donate.  
 Clark: I know, Dad. But what am I supposed to tell her?  
 Martha: That you have a problem with needles, which you technically do.  
 Clark: Great. Not only do I lie, but I look like a wuss.  
 Jonathan: Clark, uh... I can't even believe I'm actually gonna say this, but I guess you can't always be honest with people. It's one of the prices you pay for your abilities.  
 Clark: That's why I volunteered.  
 Martha: I'm sure it had nothing to do with the fact that Lana is running it.  
 Clark: Well, Whitney dropped out.  
 Martha: So you thought you'd move in.  
 Clark: If he doesn't see how great she is, then he doesn't deserver her.  
 Act 1 Scene 4  
 Lex in the castle lifting cushions from a couch, looking for something. Night. The door creaks open behind him. He stops what he's doing.  
 Clark: (Behind Lex) Looking for something?  
 We see Clark holding a crate of flowers.  
 Lex: My watch. The tulips looks great.  
 Clark: Yeah, you clean us out. Mom said if you want some more, you'll have to call Holland.  
 Clark puts them on the coffee table.  
 Lex: They're Victoria's favorite. (The crate slides off the table) What was that?  
 CUT TO a woman's fingers on the keys of a laptop. LuthorCorp is on the screen. At the security log in screen, Lex Luthor is entered, then a starred out password which is accepted.  
 Back to Lex and Clark.  
 Clark: (Gathering up the flowers) You and Victoria must be getting pretty close.  
 Lex: You seem surprised.  
 Clark: She just doesn't seem like your type.  
 Lex: Relationships aren't always about love, Clark. Sometimes they're about mutual goals. Not every girl is Lana Lang.  
 Clark: Yeah, sorry. It's none of my business really.  
 Lex: It's okay. I admire your standards. Don't lose that.  
 Clark: You know, I decided to fight for Lana.  
 Lex: Good for you. Why the new attitude?  
 Clark: I decided to take the advice of a friend. (Lex goes back to looking for his watch) Don't you have another watch?  
 Lex: I've got hundreds. This one's special. My mother gave it to me right before she died.  
 Clark looks around the room with his x-ray vision.  
 Clark: I don't see it.  
 Lex: What are you, part bloodhound?  
 Clark: No, I live on a farm. I'm pretty good at finding needles in haystacks. How about I go check the library?  
 Clark comes into the library finding Victoria at the laptop. She logs out of the program. They hear a pounding and leave the room to see what it is. They meet up with Lex in the hall and they all run up the stairs. At the top, there is a door rattling with a bright light shining out through the edges.  
 Victoria: What's going on?  
 Lex: Wait here.  
 Lex goes towards the door with Clark close behind. He reaches for the knob and the pounding and light stop. He opens the door and is thrown back against Clark. They go into the room and Lex turns on the light switch. Black lights turn on lighting up fluorescent letters on the walls that say “Leave”, “Get out”, and “Go now.”  
 Fade to black.  
 Act 2 Scene 1  
 At the Torch, Chloe puts a picture of one of the “Leave” messages on the Wall of Weird. Day.  
 Chloe: It doesn't leave much room for interpretation.  
 Clark: It was pretty weird. I mean, the door was shaking. When we got close, it blew open and Lex said he felt something brush past him.  
 Chloe: Maybe his Scottish castle came complete with a poltergeist.  
 Clark: Well, the police say it's vandals. They don't know many ghosts who write in spray paint and own a black light.  
 Chloe: So, how's the blood drive?  
 Clark: Actually, Lana and I are getting together tonight.  
 Chloe: At her place?  
 Clark: Yeah.  
 Chloe: That's very romantic. Just remember, Clark, once you cross that line, you can't hide behind the cloak of friendship anymore. Proceed with caution. (She leaves)  
 Act 2 Scene 2  
 A sitting room in the castle. Day. Lex and Victoria are kissing on the couch. Lionel bursts through the door.  
 Lionel: Lex, you have disappointed me.  
 Lex: Hi, Dad. It's good to see you, too.  
 Lionel: Would you mind telling me what she's doing here?  
 Lex: Right now? Working on my neck. But knowing her, I think that's just a start.  
 Lionel: (Laughs) Could this be a ploy to get my attention? Well done, it worked.  
 Lex: I know this is gonna come as a shock, but not everything in my life revolves around you.  
 Lionel: Oh, I understand. So you're simply... being swindled. Would you excuse us Miss Hardwick? My son and I are going to have a little chat about family loyalty.  
 Victoria: It's all right. I'll run us a bath.  
 Victoria kisses Lex.  
 Lex: I'll be there shortly.  
 Victoria: (To Lionel) I'll send Sir Harry your regards.  
 Lionel: Swell. (She leaves)  
 Lex: This is hardly business.  
 Lionel: Generations of Luthors would beg to differ. It's always business, especially where the Hardwicks are concerned. Lex, can't you see she was sent to distract you? Sir Harry has been nipping away at LuthorCorp for months!  
 Lex: LuthorCorp is your company. I'm just one of its many expendable employees as you made abundantly clear when you exiled me to this charming cow town.  
 Lionel: Empires are not brought down by outside forces. They are destroyed by weaknesses from within! Lex, I've told you this. Smallville is your test. Right now you're failing.  
 Lex: Thanks for the update, but I know exactly what I'm doing.  
 Lionel: No, you don't She is playing the only card she's got and you are falling for it hook, line, and sinker.  
 Lex: My personal life is my business.  
 Lionel: Not when it affects my company. Then it's my business. Lex, listen to this. If you sell out your family, then you will truly be alone in the world.  
 CUT TO Victoria listening outside the door. Amy approaches.  
 Amy: Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to... (She walks away. Then, without turning back) You don't deserve him.  
 We see Jeff coming out of the servant house as Amy walks up.  
 Jeff: Amy, hey. What's wrong?  
 Amy: Her, what do you think?  
 Jeff: Amy? Amy!  
 Amy goes in the house.  
 Act 2 Scene 3  
 Clark and Lana sit outside Lana's house looking through their papers.  
 Clark: I've got an opening at 5:00.  
 Lana: I can shift mine to 4:30 at station B, which makes us...  
 Clark: Done.  
 Lana: You're kidding. Everything?  
 Clark: We own this town.  
 Lana: We never found a time for you to donate.  
 Clark: Actually... Lana, I have a confession to make. I've got this thing about needles. It's kind of embarrassing.  
 Lana: Don't worry about it. Your secret's safe with me. (Stands) You are such a lifesaver, Clark.  
 Lana Sits on the railing across from him.  
 Clark: It's amazing you do all these different things.  
 Lana: Just trying to find my place in the world. I can't thank you enough.  
 Clark: It's a great cause. How could I not help?  
 Lana: Ask Whitney. He's, uh... I don't know where he's been lately.  
 Clark: You know, Lana, if you really want to thank me... don't talk about Whitney.  
 Lana: Fair enough.  
 Clark: (Standing) Do you ever think it's strange that my dad and your aunt used to date?  
 Lana: Nell doesn't really talk about it much. Whatever happened, I guess she took it kind of hard.  
 Clark: I'm just glad that you and I are so close.  
 Lana: Me too. That the thing about Clark Kent. He's not always there when you want him, but he's always there when you need him.  
 Clark: (Sits next to her) It's a fine distinction.  
 Lana: You're the one who's helping me with the blood drive.  
 Clark: I am.  
 Lana: You're the one who listens.  
 Clark: (Quietly) I do.  
 Lana: (Looking at his lips) You're the one who's here.  
 Clark: (Whispered) Yeah.  
 They lean in to kiss and the front door opens.  
 Nell: Lana, are you still out-- Clark. Do you have the time?  
 Clark: No. But I'm guessing it's late.  
 Nell: Smart kid.  
 Nell smiles and goes back inside  
 Lana: (Clears her throat) Uh, I'll see you tomorrow.  
 Clark: Tomorrow. Lana... um, have you ever seen the sunset from my loft?  
 Lana: Yes. (Realizes) But that's the great thing about sunsets. They're unique, you always see things you never noticed before.  
 Clark: Want to come over tomorrow?  
 Lana: I'd love to. Good night, Clark.  
 Act Scene 4  
 Clark and Pete come down the stairs at school. Day.  
 Pete: Have you seen the sunset from my loft? You actually said that?  
 Clark: Yep.  
 Pete: I bet your stomach was in the knots the whole time.  
 Clark: Yep.  
 Pete: Clark, if I were you, I'd start scripting what I was gonna say now.  
 Clark: No, I think I'll play it by ear. You know, fly by the seat of my pants.  
 Pete: Clark, you're not the flying type. I'll make you some notes.  
 Clark: Yeah.  
 Clark stops at his locker and Pete keeps walking. Clark looks down the hall and sees Whitney getting books from his locker. A guidance counselor comes to Whitney.  
 Counselor: Whitney, your mother called and she filled me in.  
 Whitney: She shouldn't have.  
 Counselor: Well, Whitney, she's just concerned. Look, I'm not here to push. If you need anything, my office is just down the hall. Okay?  
 Whitney: Okay.  
 She leaves. Whitney closes his locker and goes to leave. He drops his books. Clark kneels to help him pick them up and sees a bag with Smallville Rx on it. He picks it up and Whitney grabs it away. He picks up the rest of his things and leaves.  
 Clark: Sorry... you're welcome.  
 As Whitney goes, Clark looks through his backpack with his x-ray vision and sees a pill bottle that says Amlodipine.  
 Act 2 Scene 5  
 Clark is in the Beanery looking at a paper with information on Amlodipine. Day. It says it treats high blood pressure and chest pain. Amy walks in.  
 Amy: Hi, Clark.  
 Clark: Hi, Amy. Everything okay?  
 Amy: Yeah. Just, um, you know, all the weirdness at the mansion. (Sits down) Everything was fine until Victoria got there. Oh, well, you're Lex's friend. What do you think of her?  
 Clark: I really don't know her that well.  
 Amy: Mmm. Well I think I figured out why she's sticking around. I saw her in Lex's bedroom going through his things.  
 Clark: What were you doing in Lex's bedroom?  
 Amy: Helping my mom.  
 Clark: And Victoria didn't see you?  
 Amy: No. See, Lex is the only one who ever treated me like I was there.  
 Act 2 Scene 6  
 A bathroom In Lex's castle. Night. Victoria turns on the bath water. When it's full she turns it off and gets in. She hears footsteps outside the door.  
 CUT TO Lex at the laptop in his study. Clark enters.  
 Lex: Clark, what brings you over so late? Doing a little ghost hunting?  
 Clark: No. I came here to talk to you about Victoria... Where is she?  
 Lex: She's taking a bath. Why, is there a problem?  
 Clark: Last night, when I was in here, I saw her. I... don't really know how to say this.  
 Lex: She was going through the files on my computer?  
 Clark: Yeah, how'd you know?  
 Lex: Very little happens in this house without my knowledge.  
 Clark: You don't seem very upset about this.  
 Lex: We're playing chess, Clark. It's a game. Like I said we've known each other a long time.  
 Clark: But you don't love her, she goes behind your back. Why do you want to keep you around?  
 Lex: It's complicated. Thanks for the heads up.  
 Clark: That's what friends are for. I guess I shouldn't even bring up that Amy's got an obsession with you.  
 Lex: It's a teenage crush. Nothing more. Hey, how goes your new Lana initiative?  
 Clark: I found something out about Whitney. I saw a prescription in his bag. It's for Amlodipine, it's a--  
 Lex: Heart medication. My mother was on it before she had her surgery.  
 Clark: Is that what... I'm sorry.  
 Lex: She was sick for a long time, Clark. The watch I lost, my mom gave it to me when she knew it was getting close. She found a Napoleon franc from 1806 and had it made into the face.  
 Clark: Why Napoleon?  
 Lex: You ever see the painting of Napoleon's coronation by David?  
 Clark: No.  
 Lex: Napoleon's mother couldn't make it to his coronation. But when he commissioned it, Napoleon told David to paint her in as if she were there, right in the center. Even though she couldn't be there physically, he brought her into his life through sheer force of will, there to share in his greatness.  
 Clark: That's a good story.  
 Lex: It's a good watch.  
 CUT TO a shot of candles in the bathroom. One of them goes out as the door opens. Victoria sits up as she hears it shut.  
 Victoria: Lex: Ah!  
 Victoria falls back under the water. In the water, we see the outline of hands holding her down. She struggles and manages to sit back up, but is pushed down again. All we see of the attacker is the outlined hand on her head. She knocks a vase over with her leg and it crashes on the floor. Clark hears it from the hallway and super speeds up the stairs and into the bathroom. He picks Victoria up out of the tub and lays her on the floor, covering her with her robe. She coughs.  
 Clark: You're gonna be okay.  
 Clark is knocked across the room by an unseen force and knocks into a mirror, breaking it. He uses his x-ray vision and sees a skeleton leaving the room. A piece of the mirror on the floor breaks as the person walks out. Clark sees that there is blood left on the mirror.  
 Fade to black.  
 
 
 
 Act 3 Scene 1  
 Clark and Chloe at the Torch. Day. They are looking at the piece of broken mirror.  
 Clark: It's definitely blood.  
 Chloe: Doesn't exactly fit the Casper paradigm. Which means that whoever attacked you and Victoria in the bathroom... was invisible? (Takes the mirror and looks closer) What's this green stuff? (She puts it down and smells her fingers) Smells like roses. Uh... Clark?  
 Holds up her hand. The tips of her fingers are invisible.)  
 Clark: What happened?  
 Chloe: I just touched it. Okay, I'm now officially weirded out. What is this?  
 Clark: I don't know, but if you rubbed that all over you'd be--  
 Chloe: Naked?  
 Clark: You'd be invisible.  
 Chloe wipes off her fingers and they return to normal.  
 CUT TO Clark and Chloe walking outside the school.  
 Chloe: Okay so what's our next move? Should we call the police?  
 Clark: And report an invisible person? We need a viable suspect.  
 Chloe: Well, who's got a problem with Lex's British fling?  
 Clark: Amy Palmer.  
 Chloe: Her parents are on the mansion's house staff, right?  
 Clark: Amy said she saw Victoria snooping around Lex's bedroom. She said Victoria didn't see her.  
 Chloe: No wonder. Wait. Didn't Amy give blood?  
 Clark: 3:45, station B.  
 Chloe: Whoa. You've got a freakishly good memory. Okay, I'll get the blood type on the broken piece of glass and check it against Amy's.  
 Clark: Great. Call me later?  
 Chloe: Top of my speed dial.  
 Clark leaves.  
 Act 3 Scene 2  
 Clark walks past the lunchroom and stop when he sees Whitney inside. He goes in.  
 Clark: Whitney...  
 Whitney: Whatever it is, I'm not interested.  
 Clark: What about Lana? You interested in her?  
 Whitney: What is it with you and my girlfriend, Kent?  
 Clark: Nothing. We're just friends.  
 Whitney: You think I don't see the way you look at her?  
 Clark: Well, at least I pay attention to her. You've got the most unbelievable girlfriend in the world and you don't even know it. What's your problem?  
 Whitney: How I deal with my girlfriend is my business, okay?  
 Whitney gets up to leave.  
 Clark: I saw the heart medication in your bag. What's going on, Whitney?  
 Whitney: It's my dad. He's been in Metropolis all week, you know, for tests.  
 Clark: Is he gonna be okay?  
 Whitney: The doctors don't know.  
 Clark: You haven't told Lana yet, have you?  
 Whitney: I figured she's been through enough pain in her life with her parents. I didn't want her to have to go through it with me.  
 Clark: I don't think you give her enough credit. She's strong. She'd probably understand better than anyone. (Clark leaves)  
 Act 3 Scene 3  
 Clark enters the Beanery and sits with Lex. Day.  
 Clark: Hey, how's Victoria?  
 Lex: She's resting up in Metropolis for a few days until I can get some answers. (Clark nods, looking distracted) Everything okay?  
 Clark: You ever gotten information you wish you hadn't?  
 Lex: In my experience, there's no such thing as too much information. I assume you're talking about the quarterback?  
 Clark: His father's sick.  
 Lex: That's too bad.  
 Clark: I wanted to take my shot with Lana, but now--  
 Lex: You feel like you'd be taking advantage.  
 Clark: What would you do?  
 Lex: Who me? I'd go for it. See, but that's what I like about you, Clark. You wouldn't.  
 Amy: (Enters) Hi, Lex.  
 Lex: Amy. This is a surprise.  
 Amy: Oh, well, I just saw your car outside, so I thought I'd come in and say hi.  
 Clark uses his x-ray vision to look through her sleeve and sees Lex's watch.  
 Lex: Well, I appreciate the gesture.  
 Amy: So now that Miss Hardwick is gone, hopefully things will be back to normal.  
 Lex: Victoria will be back in a few days.  
 Amy: Oh.  
 Lex: She's really not as bad as you think, Amy.  
 Amy: Oh, I-I never thought that. (Laughs nervously) Well, bye.  
 Amy Leaves. Clark looks thoughtful.  
 Lex: What is it?  
 Act 3 Scene 4  
 Amy's mother, Lex, and Clark enter Amy's bedroom. Day.  
 Mother: I don't know what to say, Mr. Luthor. Amy's been having some trouble in school, but I can't imagine she would actually try to hurt Miss Hardwick.  
 Clark: I hope I'm wrong. (Lex opens a cabinet and inside is a shrine full of pictures of him) Looks like she's been collecting you.  
 Lex: (Pulls his watch from behind one of the pictures) My watch.  
 Mother: We had no idea, Mr. Luthor. Please don't call the police.  
 Lex: I'm not interested in retribution or publicity, but Amy needs help. Counseling, medical treatment, whatever it takes. Just send me the bill. Even so, I think it'd be best for everyone if you left the mansion tonight.  
 Mother: Yes, of course. (She exits and Lex closes the cabinet)  
 Act 3 Scene 5  
 Clark enters the loft where Lana is waiting. Sunset.  
 Lana: You made it.  
 Clark: Sorry I'm late.  
 Lana: It's just getting to the good part. (Clark goes to her side and looks at the sunset) What do you think?  
 Clark: (Looking at Lana) I think it's the most beautiful thing I've ever seen.  
 Lana: The other night on the porch, I felt you were trying to tell me something.  
 Clark: I was... Nell's timing was impeccable as always.  
 Lana: (Steps closer.) She's not here now.  
 Clark: What I wanted to tell you was... what I wanted to say was... I would never do anything to hurt you.  
 Lana: I know that.  
 Clark: But if I said what I really wanted to say right now, that's what I'd do. I'd hurt you.  
 Lana: Why don't you take a shot? I'm pretty strong.  
 Clark: I know. But I think Whitney needs to know that too.  
 Lana: I thought you didn't want to talk about Whitney.  
 Clark: I-I don't. (Steps away) But if you were my girlfriend, standing in Whitney's loft, I'd hope he'd say the same thing. I understand that you're mad at him, but you need to talk to him, Lana. He needs you right now. He just doesn't know it.  
 Lana: Clark, why are you doing this?  
 Clark: Because after all this time, you and I are finally friends, and I don't want to lose that.  
 Lana: (Looking outside) Look. We missed it.  
 The sun has set. She grabs her coat and leaves.  
 Act 3 Scene 6  
 Amy is leaving the mansion with her family. She stops outside to talk to Lex. Night.  
 Amy: I just wanted to... feel close to you.  
 Amy goes to the car.)  
 Mother: Jeff is going to pack everything else. My husband will be back in the morning to pick it up. Again, Mr. Luthor--  
 Lex: It's okay, it's okay. Drive safely. (She goes to the car and they drive away. Lex pulls out his cell phone and dials a number) Yes, I'd like to leave a message for Victoria Hardwick. (The phone flies from his hand) Who's there? Come out and show yourself.  
 Lex is knocked to the ground.  
 Fade to black.  
 Act 4 Scene 1  
 Martha enters the loft where Clark is lying on a couch. Night.  
 Martha: How'd it go with Lana?  
 Clark: We're still friends.  
 Martha: Are you okay with that?  
 Clark: No... but I think it's the right call for now.  
 Chloe: (Enters) Hello! Hey, Mrs. Kent.  
 Martha: Hi, Chloe. (To Clark) I'll see you later.  
 Chloe: Okay, so, bad news on the Dracula front. The drop of blood found on the mirror was type A. Amy Palmer is Type O.  
 Clark: But she had a shrine to Lex in her room.  
 Chloe: She may be a little Lex obsessed, but she's not the one that tried to off Victoria. Check the paper.  
 Clark: (Looks at the results) Well, Amy's blood type doesn't match but look at Jeff's.  
 Chloe: Her brother? He's always been so quiet.  
 Clark: Practically invisible. I'll catch up with you later.  
 Clark Leaves.  
 Act 4 Scene 2  
 We see Lex tied up on the floor of his living room. Night.  
 Jeff: (We only hear him) Don't you understand? She loved you. How could you send her away?!  
 Lex: Who are you?  
 Jeff: Suddenly you care? Master Lex with his castle, his plant, his expensive cars. When did people ever matter to you?  
 Lex: Jeff? Where are you?  
 Lex stands and walks toward Jeff's voice.  
 Jeff: I'm surprised you even know my name. Did you forget the unspoken rule? Servants are supposed to be invisible. We tried to hide, fade into the woodwork. My parents learned to live with it, pretended it didn't matter, but Amy wanted more. And I'm through pretending!  
 Jeff knocks Lex to the floor.  
 Lex: What have I ever done to you?  
 Jeff: Not to me, to Amy. She loved you and you threw her out like she was nothing.  
 Lex: I thought she was attacking Victoria.  
 Jeff: That was me. I wanted to scare her, make her leave. I wanted everything back to the way it was for Amy. But you're not interested in love.  
 Lex: That kind of love could get me arrested. She's a little young for me, Jeff.  
 Jeff: (As a sword on the wall appears to swing through the air by itself) You ruined her life! Our lives! I'm not gonna let you hurt her again!  
 The sword flips through the air and sticks into the wall right beside Lex's head.  
 CUT TO Clark running at super speed to the door of the castle. He tries to open it but it's locked.  
 Clark: Lex! It's me! Open up!  
 Lex: Clark!  
 Clark breaks through. Lex's head is pushed to the wall. Clark tries to go to him but is pushed back.  
 Jeff: Stay away from him, Kent. This is your fault too.  
 Clark uses his x-ray vision and sees Jeff's skeleton in front of the fireplace.  
 Clark: Jeff... what happened?  
 Jeff: Chemistry, Kent. Some plants don't absorb light. They refract it. I found a weird green rose on the grounds and I studied it. And then, I used the oils to become what I've always been... to Lex, the people at school, everyone. (He takes a mace off the wall and swings it at Clark. The spiked ball shatters against Clark's face) That's right. I've heard Luthor talk about you like you're something special. Well, I'm special too.  
 Clark is pulled back and grabs at his neck. He elbows Jeff and the scaffolding in the room bends with Jeff's weight as he falls against it. Paint cans on the top spill on him, giving his unconscious body some form.  
 Act 4 Scene 3  
 Jeff is on a gurney being wheeled into the ambulance. Clark and Lex come down the stairs of the castle.  
 Clark: What do you think's gonna happen to Jeff?  
 Lex: A lot of serious therapy. Clearer question is how he made himself invisible.  
 Clark: I don't know. I guess the secret's gonna stay with him. How's your head?  
 Lex: I've survived worse. Can't say the same about my father's antique collection.  
 Clark: Sorry.  
 Lex: Don't be. My mother always hated that room. “War is in our nature,” She said. “We don't need to put it on display.  
 Act 4 Scene 4  
 Clark looks through the telescope in his loft the same night. Through the telescope, we see Whitney and Lana talking on her porch. He says something and she takes him into her arms.  
 CUT TO Clark leaning against the wall of the loft, his head bowed.  
 Fade to black. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 