Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x05 - Cool - Smallville 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x05 - Cool https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=25&t=4654 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/05/02 03:16 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x05 - Cool 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Episode #105 - "Cool"  
 Original airdate: November 13, 2001  
 Written by Michael Green 
 Directed by: Jim Contner 
 Crater Lake  
 Chloe: This is what I love about high school parties. People will gather anywhere as long as there's illegally purchased alcohol and even the slightest chance of hooking up.  
 Clark: If I recall correctly, you're the one who wanted to come to this party.  
 Chloe: Yeah, but I didn't know it was going to be so cold. It's like twenty thousand degrees below zero out here.  
 Clark: I don't know, it doesn't feel that cold to me.  
 Chloe: Are you from an ice planet? It's freezing. I'm going to go thaw out by the fire. Have fun.  
 Chloe walks over to sit by the fire. Sean Kelvin comes up behind Clark.  
 Sean: Hey, Kent. You're friends with Chloe. Is she flying solo tonight?  
 Clark: Believe me, Sean, you're not her type.  
 Sean: Well, you'd be surprised.  
 Sean walks over to Chloe.  
 Sean: If you'd like, I could rub them for you. Nothing heats up a body like friction.  
 Chloe: Wow. I can't believe you just delivered that line with a straight face.  
 Sean: Well, all I did was offer to keep your hands warm, Chloe.  
 Chloe: And he knows my name.  
 Sean: I've read your editorials in the Torch. Pretty cool.  
 Chloe: Well, thank you, Sean. I sit next to Jenna in Bio class. Remember, you dumped her last week?  
 Sean: It was mutual.  
 Chloe: So you're here trolling for fresh meat.  
 Sean: Don't worry, Chloe, I'm not going to make a move on you, no matter how pretty I think you are.  
 Whitney: Yo, Sean! “Hail Marys” down by the lake!  
 Sean: Yeah, uh… Hey, can I get your number?  
 Chloe: Wh-why? You're never going to call.  
 Sean: I'll call you tomorrow, I promise.  
 Chloe: Well, I won't hold my breath.  
 Sean leaves. Whitney, Sean, and some other football players start throwing passes.  
 Football Player: Hey, Whitney, go wide!  
 Clark sits down next to Chloe.  
 Clark: Did you just write your phone number down on Sean Kelvin's hand?  
 Chloe: Don't sound so shocked, Clark. Guys do find me attractive even though I don't have raven hair and the initials “L.L.”  
 Clark: That's not what I meant. The guy's a dog.  
 Chloe: Clark, relax. I just gave him my number to get rid of him. Get Pete. The taxi's leaving.  
 Chloe stands and leaves. Switch to Whitney and Sean tossing the ball.  
 Whitney: So what's with you and that Chloe Sullivan chick?  
 Whitney: The girl from the Torch? You into her?  
 Sean: Another notch, dog.  
 Whitney: That's cold. Hey, hold on. Pizza's here.  
 Whitney throws the ball, which Sean misses and lands on the frozen lake.  
 Whitney: Sorry, dude.  
 Sean: Oh, go ahead. I'll get the ball.  
 Sean slowly walks out onto the ice towards the football. He picks up the ball and looks around. He starts walking back when he hears a *CRACK*. Sean stops realizing that the ice is cracking. He takes another step and looks like he's about to bolt off the ice when we hear more cracking. The ice gives way under Sean and goes under dropping the ball near where he fell in. Sean starts fighting to get back to the surface but the hole he fell into has already froze over. He can't get out. We see him start slowing down his fight when Sean sinks down to the bottom of the lake.  
 Partygoer: Hey, where's Sean?  
 Football Player: Who knows? He's probably in the back of some car.  
 The next morning, Sean breaks through the ice and walks back to where the party had been the night before. Nobody is around. The fire still has small flickers of the fire but its mostly out. Sean walks up to the fire pit. You can tell he's freezing his skin is blue. Sean hold his hands up to the fire trying to warm up. As he is breathing its like he's breathing in the warmth of the fire. All of a sudden we see he has gone back to his normal color and now looks pick and dried off. As he walks away from the fire, we see what was the small flicker of a fire is now all ice crystals.  
 (Opening Credits)  
 Kent farm – Inside Clark's home.  
 Martha: The distributor gets twelve five.  
 Jonathan: The feed bill over six months at five percent.  
 Martha: Plus the mortgage at eight point two. Plus the harvester repairs gives us…  
 Clark: Fifty four thousand five hundred and one dollars and thirty-eight cents.  
 Jonathan: Hey, uh, son, I'm sorry, we didn't mean for you to hear all that.  
 Clark: You don't have to protect me. Is it that bad?  
 Martha: Yeah, it's pretty bad. We might have to take out a bank loan.  
 Clark: Another one? The interest alone would put us up to –  
 Martha: Clark, don't.  
 Clark: Maybe I can help.  
 Jonathan: You already have. Last season you saved us four part-time hands.  
 Clark: I'm thinking bigger picture. You know, forget about this whole high-school thing and try out for a pro-sports team. I could make a ton of money in endorsements. Just trying to lighten up the mood.  
 Martha: As much as we'd love to see your face on a cereal box, we'd settle for you getting to school on time.  
 Clark zips away at super-speed, but comes back for his pop tart.  
 Clark: Forgot. That's sixty-five thousand, two hundred—  
 Martha: Go!  
 Clark: --and one.  
 ***  
 Kent Farm – Driveway.  
 Clark: So, did Sean call?  
 Chloe: Negative. Not that I was waiting by the phone or anything.  
 Pete: Maybe he got caught up. One time, my sister didn't hear from a guy for a week. When she called to tell him off, it turned out his grandmother died.  
 Chloe: Ah, as much as I appreciate the spotlight here, I'm fine.  
 Clark: You're probably better off. Sean's a total dog anyway.  
 Pete: He's not that bad, Clark. He's always been cool to me. Just because You can't get past your Lana crush, don't knock us for trying to make a love connection.  
 Chloe: I thought we were focusing on me, here.  
 Clark: I don't have a crush on Lana.  
 Pete: Then why don't you ask some other girl out?  
 Clark: Like who?  
 Pete: Like Chloe?  
 Chloe: Okay, wait! I'm not some crash test dummy you guys can use to try out your dating skills. (To Clark) You, if you like Lana so much, why don't you just ask her out and get it over with. (To Pete) And you, stop acting like a Vegas bookie picks your dates. (To both) And both of you, treat me better.  
 ***  
 Smallville High – Nurses' Office.  
 Nurse: This is the flu season, young man. I don't even know why you came in today.  
 Sean: I felt fine this morning, and now I can't get warm.  
 Nurse: Let's see. This can't be right. You're not a Popsicle. Let's try again. Here we go.  
 She puts her hand on Sean's forehead, and he starts to suck her heat.  
 Nurse: Now you're giving me the chills. I'm sending you home.  
 Sean: Mmm. I'm…I'm actually feeling a little better now. Thanks.  
 ***  
 Kent Farm  
 Martha cuts a log with a chain saw and turns, almost sawing Lex.  
 Lex: Whoa! I come in peace.  
 Martha: I'm so sorry. I didn't hear you.  
 Lex: I'm just glad you weren't welding.  
 Martha: What brings you out here in the middle of the day?  
 Lex: Those artichokes of yours. I need about thirty of them if you've got them.  
 Martha: Thirty? That's a lot of artichokes.  
 Lex: Yeah, I'm hosting a dinner tomorrow night for the local farming community, just an informal talk about some financial options. A lot of farms in town are having money trouble.  
 Martha: Most people aren't looking for more loans.  
 Lex: I'm offering my role as an investor—help people modernize and expand. This town once grew twenty percent of the corn in the state. Smallville was a heavy hitter. It just lost the drive to stay competitive.  
 Martha: Or its connections.  
 Lex: If this town ever had connections, they wouldn't have named it “Smallville.” Your husband hasn't exactly kept his feelings about me a secret, but I'd appreciate hearing your thoughts on my proposal even if you're not interested.  
 Martha: Jonathan doesn't hate you. It's just… your family's track record hasn't been the best in this town.  
 Lex: Tell him I intend to change that.  
 ***  
 Smallville—The Beanery  
 Lex sees Lana reading a brochure.  
 Lex: That's a great exhibit. I caught it in St. Petersburg.  
 Lana: Whitney and I are going to Metropolis tomorrow. I thought we'd check it out.  
 Lex: Ah, trying to give the quarterback some culture?  
 Lana: It was his idea.  
 Lex: He figures one afternoon at the museum, he's off the hook for six months.  
 Lana: For someone who wants people to keep an open mind, you're pretty quick to judge.  
 Background Voice: Hey, Whitney!  
 Lex: What can I say? I just think you're with the wrong guy.  
 Lex sits nearby as Whitney comes up to Lana's table and sits.  
 Whitney: Hey. Everything okay?  
 Lana: I was just checking out some stuff for us to do tomorrow. Metropolis, remember?  
 Whitney: Actually, some of the guys are pooling together and getting the fight on pay-per-view. It's tomorrow.  
 Lana: And you gave them your money already.  
 Whitney: Yeah. Hey, we'll go next weekend, okay? I promise. I'm really sorry, Lana.  
 Lana: Culture can wait.  
 Whitney: I'll make it up to you. See ya.  
 Whitney leaves. Lex exits to the sidewalk outside the Beanery and finds Clark looking at Lana through the shop window.  
 Lex: You know, she's free tomorrow night. Hey, Clark. This is the perfect time for you to ask her out.  
 Clark: She's got a boyfriend, Lex.  
 Lex: A high school boyfriend isn't a husband. He's an obstacle. You know, I bet if you ask Lana to go with you to the Radiohead concert in Metropolis tomorrow, she'll say yes.  
 Clark: And if she says yes…  
 Lex: I'll give you the tickets.  
 Clark: Why are you doing this?  
 Lex: You're like the younger brother I never had. I figure someone should benefit from my experience.  
 Clark: I can't just ask her out.  
 Lex: The hardest thing in the world is telling the girl you love that you like her. I'll raise the bet. You ask her in the next sixty second, you get the tickets, and I'll throw in a round-trip limo ride, starting now.  
 Clark grabs the tickets and goes into the Beanery.  
 Clark: Hey, Lana, you busy?  
 Lana: Completely swamped. That's why I'm sitting in a coffee shop attempting to wade through a Russian classic.  
 Clark: Oh.  
 Lana: That was a joke, Clark.  
 Clark: Good. ‘Cause there's this thing tomorrow night.  
 Lana: Define “thing”.  
 Clark: It's a concert—Radiohead, to be exact—and I got a couple tickets.  
 Lana: Wow. Where'd you get these?  
 Clark: A friend. Something came up at the last minute, and I was wondering if you'd like to go, you know, with me.  
 Lana: I'd—  
 Clark: Just as friends.  
 Lana: Definitely. I'd love to.  
 ***  
 Smallville High  
 Chloe: Wait, let me get this straight – you walked in to get a cappuccino and walked out with a date with Lana Lang?  
 Clark: It's not actually a date.  
 Chloe: Even with the “just as friends” rider, I'm impressed.  
 Pete: How did you score the tickets?  
 Chloe: I'm guessing a certain follically challenged individual was behind it.  
 Clark: Lex hooked me up. Actually, Chloe, I have you to thank.  
 Chloe: What did I do?  
 Clark: You were right. I just had to get it out there.  
 Chloe: Well, good. I'm glad.  
 Sean comes out of the school.  
 Pete: Maybe this is your chance.  
 Sean: Chloe, don't I owe you a phone call.  
 Chloe: I guess so.  
 Sean: Well, what are you doing now?  
 Chloe: Well, I've got to put the paper to bed.  
 Sean: Oh.  
 Chloe: Maybe afterwards we could, you know, do something?  
 Sean looks around and spots Jenna Barnum.  
 Sean: Jenna! Jenna, wait up!  
 Sean walks over to Jenna.  
 Chloe: Okay, I was playing barely-hard-to-get. What's the problem? Clark Kent gets a date with Lana Lang, and suddenly there's no luck left for the rest of us.  
 ***  
 Jenna's House – Bathroom  
 Jenna's in the shower.  
 Jenna: Sean, is that you? I've been waiting for you I thought you might like to take a shower. Sean?  
 Jenna: Well, what are you waiting for? The water's nice and warm. Sean?  
 Sean opens the shower curtain.  
 Jenna: Aahhh! Sean, what happened to you?  
 Sean: I'm sorry, but I don't know what's wrong with me.  
 Jenna: Sean, you're really scaring me. What do you want?!  
 Sean: I just want to get warm.  
 Jenna: Ahh! Ahh!  
 Sean freezes Jenna. She falls to the floor and shatters.  
 ***  
 Kent farm – Inside Clark's home.  
 Martha: It's bad enough you ride that motorcycle, by why do you have to repair it in the house?  
 Jonathan: Because if I didn't, you'd never have any reason to be angry with me.  
 Martha: I'll trade you. Do all the engine work you want, but come with me to Lex's.  
 Jonathan: We've already talked about that.  
 Martha: I talked. You grunted.  
 Jonathan: I thought I was rather articulate. Sweetheart, the Luthors have sold out anyone who's ever trusted them. They don't know what it means to keep their word.  
 Martha: They is Lex's father, not him. Be honest, you've never seen him be anything but generous. Arrogant and a little strange, yes, but he's been a good friend to Clark. We have to at least hear him out.  
 Jonathan: Why?  
 Martha: We need options, Jonathan. Out home is on the line, our farm. You don't have to like him to listen. Besides, um… I already told him we would come.  
 Clark: Hello, citizens.  
 Martha: I'm not familiar with this child. Where's the moody one, lives upstairs, runs real fast?  
 Clark: Oh, he's going on a date tonight. Not a date date, but a concert.  
 Jonathan: Well, just who might this not-a-date date be with?  
 Clark: Lana Lang. Lex hooked me up with a couple of serious tickets and his limo.  
 Jonathan: Oh, he did?  
 Clark: It's okay if I go, right?  
 Well, I guess Lex Luthor has worked out all of our evenings for us.  
 Martha: Clark? Isn't Lana still going out with Whitney?  
 Clark: She's not married, Mom.  
 ***  
 Sean's House.  
 Sean's using the phone.  
 Sean: Bella! Bella, it's me – Sean.  
 Bella: (Voice) What do you want?  
 Sean: I thought we might get together, do something.  
 Bella: (Voice) Yeah, like that's going to happen.  
 Sean: Come on, Bell, we were good together once. Sure, I might have made some mistakes, but, you know –  
 Bella: Save it for some other girl.  
 Sean: Bella? Bella!  
 Sean notices the phone number written on his hand.  
 Sean: Chloe.  
 ***  
 
 
 
 Kent Farm – Inside Clark's home.  
 Chloe: Your online horoscope suggests that you try not to flaunt your excitement, which I know will be hard since you've been waiting for this date since, like, your first growth spurt.  
 Clark: I'll say this one more time and then I'll print up bumper stickers. This isn't a date.  
 Chloe: All right, just check out Lana's outfit. If a girl wears something new to hang out with you, you know at least she thinks it's a date.  
 Clark: I thought you came over for fashion advice.  
 Chloe: Burn that. What else have you got?  
 Clark: I'll check the laundry basket.  
 Chloe's cell phone rings.  
 Chloe: Hello?  
 Sean: Hey, Chloe.  
 Chloe: Sean, hi.  
 Sean: Don't I owe you a phone call?  
 Cut to Clark going through the laundry.  
 Chloe: Guess who just called me? Sean.  
 Clark: Did he apologize for blowing you off?  
 Chloe: He said he wasn't feeling well.  
 Clark: Chloe, I saw him go off with Jenna. I guess she made him feel better.  
 Chloe: Well, he-he promised it was completely over with her.  
 Clark: You like him, don't you.  
 Chloe: He may be a little intellectually challenged, but he's really hot. Besides, he begged to get together tonight just to talk, so I told him he could bring me a coffee at the Torch.  
 Clark: Sounds like a date.  
 Chloe: It's not a date. It's a fact-finding mission to see if he deserves a date.  
 Clark: I just don't want to see you get hurt.  
 Chloe: Don't worry, Clark. I figure if you can take a risk with Lana, I can take a shot too. Uh…blue's a good color on you.  
 Clark: Really?  
 ***  
 Luthor Estate—Library  
 Lex: Welcome. I'm delighted you decided to come.  
 Martha: Your house it's very—  
 Lex: Large?  
 Jonathan: To put it mildly.  
 Lex: The word “restraint” doesn't exist in my father's vocabulary.  
 Martha: I-I'm sorry, are we early?  
 Jonathan: I think we should go.  
 Martha: Wait, wait, Jonathan, just because no one else came—  
 Jonathan: That is if anyone else was even invited.  
 Martha: Oh, I don't think Lex would—  
 Lex: Actually, I would. I did. But only because I knew you wouldn't have come otherwise. I know your farm's in trouble, Mr. Kent. Small town.  
 Jonathan: So you thought you would just take advantage of my family's problem.  
 Lex: No. I thought I could help.  
 Jonathan: Well, then, I guess we're here to listen.  
 ***  
 Limo interior.  
 Clark: I've never actually sat in a limo before tonight.  
 Lana: I did once. Nell got one to take us to the ballet, but it wasn't as nice as this.  
 Clark: Beats another night of defensive reading. You've done it since we were kids. Whenever the world gets disappointing, you retreat into a book. There are worse things.  
 Lana: No, your right. It's just—It's easier than dealing with my own life, you know what I mean?  
 Clark: I do the same thing with astronomy. I look at different worlds and wonder if my life would be better there.  
 Lana: You always seem to understand what I'm trying to say. How come you know so much?  
 Clark: Magic. You don't believe in magic? I'll show you.  
 Clark shuffles a deck of cards and fans them out.  
 Clark: Pick a card.  
 Lana: All right.  
 Clark X-rays Lana's chest and, of course only pays attention to the playing card.  
 Clark: Three of hearts.  
 Lana: Full of surprises.  
 Lana: This is weird, huh. I felt like I had to explain tonight to Nell.  
 Clark: I spent the better part of the day convincing people this was not a date. How about Whitney?  
 Lana: I didn't tell him.  
 Clark: And your feeling guilty about that?  
 Lana: He's hanging out with his friends, and I'm hanging out with mine.  
 Clark: Exactly.  
 Lana turns on the television.  
 Reporter: And in Smallville tonight, police are seeking seventeen year old Sean Kelvin after the mysterious death of a fellow Smallville High student Jenna Barnum, Whose body was found early this afternoon…  
 Lana: Oh my god.  
 Reporter: Kelvin was last seen leaving—  
 Clark: Stop the car.  
 ***  
 Smallville High – Torch office.  
 Chloe: Sean? Hello? Is that you?  
 Chloe finds a trail of flower petals leading down the hall.  
 Chloe: Okay, this is interesting.  
 ***  
 Smallville – The Beanery.  
 Lana: Clark, what's wrong?  
 Clark: Well, it's complicated. Can you hang out here for a while? I want you to be safe.  
 Lana: Safe from what?  
 Clark: I promise I'll explain when I get back. Will you wait for me?  
 Lana: Sure.  
 Clark: I just want you to know this is the best non-date I've ever had.  
 ***  
 Smallville High – Pool.  
 Chloe: Sean? What's going on? I agreed to a cappuccino. If you think I'm skinny-dipping with you, try again buddy.  
 Sean: I'm sorry, Chloe. I don't have a choice.  
 Chloe: What happened to you?  
 Sean: I can't stay warm.  
 Chloe: Why don't you just sit by a fire?  
 Sean: Because I only get a quick fix. Body heat lasts longer.  
 Sean freezes the pool.  
 Sean: I promise it won't hurt, Chloe.  
 Chloe: Clark! Clark! Clark, help!  
 Clark: Are you okay?  
 Chloe: My foot's stuck.  
 Clark: You okay?  
 Chloe: Yeah.  
 Clark: Go! Run!  
 ***  
 Smallville High – Torch office.  
 Chloe: Did I thank you for that rescue yet?  
 Clark: I heard about Jenna on the news and I didn't want you to be next.  
 Chloe: Well, I finally find a guy I like and he turns out to be homicidal.  
 Clark: You deserved a lot better than Sean even before he tried to kill you.  
 Chloe: That's sweet…I think.  
 Clark: Any idea what happened to him?  
 Chloe: The only similar thing I can find is a medical condition where there's damage to the thermo sensitive cells in the brain. The person literally can't stay warm. It's like a permanent case of hypothermia.  
 Clark: So Sean's getting his heat where he can take it.  
 Chloe: Yeah, preferably from high-school girls. But you saw the pool. You take the heat out of water, you get ice. He's like a battery that can't hold its charge. I think we should call for help.  
 Clark: I'll take care of that. We need to get you home. Come on.  
 Chloe: Y-you have to believe me when I say that almost getting my heat sucked was not a passive-aggressive attempt to ruin your date.  
 Clark: Lana.  
 ***  
 The Beanery  
 Pete walks in with a girl and sees Lana.  
 Pete: I'll be right back.  
 Pete walks over to Lana.  
 Pete: Shouldn't you be fifth row center right about now?  
 Lana: Hey, Pete.  
 Pete: Where's Clark?  
 Lana: We saw that news report about Jenna, and he suddenly said he had to run off.  
 Pete: I heard that, too. I always thought that Sean was a good guy. I guess we don't know people as well as we think.  
 Lana: You've been friends with Clark for a long time. Is he always so…  
 Pete: Clark-like?  
 Lana: Yeah.  
 Pete: Sometimes he's totally there and you think you know everything about him, and then there's this part that's…  
 Lana: Mysterious.  
 Pete: Yeah, that's it. Clark Kent international man of mystery.  
 Lana: Well, whatever it was seemed important.  
 Pete: I can't believe there's anything more important to him than you.  
 Whitney: Lana! What are you doing here?  
 Lana: Just reading.  
 Whitney: Pretty dressed up to be digging into a book.  
 Pete: I'll catch up with you later.  
 Lana: Pete, why don't you take your date for a spin in the limo?  
 Pete: Oh, she's not a date. She's just my friend.  
 Lana: Either way, I won't be needing it.  
 Pete: Ooh! Thanks!  
 Whitney: What were you doing in a limo?  
 Lana: Just hanging out with a friend. Could you take me home?  
 ***  
 Power Relay Station  
 Sean freezes the lock and breaks it open.  
 ***  
 The Beanery  
 Clark arrives to find Lana gone.  
 Clark: This can't be happening.  
 The power fluctuates.  
 Clark: Sean.  
 ***  
 Power Relay Station.  
 Sean sucks electricity.  
 ***  
 Luthor Estate – Library.  
 The lights dim, then come back up.  
 Lex: Guess the generator works. Power must have blown. Where were we?  
 Jonathan: I believe you were explaining how you could single-handedly save the family farmer.  
 Martha: Jonathan…  
 Lex: It's okay, Mrs. Kent. I understand your husband's skepticism. Your farm's drowning in debt. We both know it. All I'm trying to do is offer you a hand but you keep slapping it away.  
 Jonathan: I learned a long time ago from a man much smarter than myself that you need to solve your own problems.  
 Lex: Your father lived in different times, and he had his share of help. It seems government subsidies carried him through a number of lean years.  
 Lex shows Jonathan and Martha a file.  
 Martha: Where did you get these?  
 Lex: It's a matter of public record. I'm making a business offer. I had to do my due diligence.  
 Jonathan: Why are you so interested in our family, Lex?  
 Lex: Your son brought me back from the Mr. Kent. When he reached in and pulled me out, he gave me a new life. Your father put his family's future over his own pride. Are you willing to do that?  
 ***  
 Road outside the Luthor Estate.  
 Whitney and Lana are in his truck.  
 Whitney: I know this is probably one of those times I should just let things go, but I'd kind of like to know what's going on.  
 Lana: You went out with your friends, so I went out with Clark. He invited me to a concert.  
 Whitney: So you two were just hanging out?  
 Lana: Right.  
 Whitney: Is this some kind of test to see what I would do? Why didn't you just tell me?  
 Lana: Because I knew you'd overreact.  
 Whitney: You go on a date with another guy, and I'm overreacting.  
 Lana: It wasn't a date. Clark's a friend,  
 Sean appears on the road in the truck's headlights.  
 Lana: Whitney, look out!  
 Whitney: Sean! Hold on!  
 The truck goes off the road and crashes.  
 Whitney: Lana, are you okay?  
 Lana: My ankle hurts. I think I twisted it. Where did Sean go?  
 Whitney: I don't know. I've got to get you somewhere safe. Hold on.  
 Whitney: Come on, come on. You all right? Come on, over there. Those lights are over at the Luthor house. It's just down the road.  
 ***  
 Luthor Estate – Library.  
 Martha: So you would give us the latest farming equipment and technology.  
 Jonathan: All in exchange for our independence  
 Lex: My influence will be minimal, but existing, yes. It's a partnership.  
 Jonathan: We could get a loan.  
 Lex: Or you could allow me help you get to the point where you never need someone like me again.  
 Martha: I'll admit, it looks generous.  
 Lex: It is.  
 Jonathan: Which begs the question, “What does Lex Luthor get out of all this?  
 Lex: I believe there's profit to be made. I'm not exactly in the charity business.  
 Jonathan: Like father, like son.  
 Lex: Take some time to think about it. I'm sure you'll see the benefits outweigh your other options. To the future.  
 Lana and Whitney arrive.  
 Martha: Lana!  
 Whitney: She's okay.  
 Martha: Where's Clark?  
 ***  
 Road outside the Luthor Estate.  
 Clark arrives and finds Whitney's truck. Sean freezes him.  
 Sean: Thanks for the warm-up, Clark.  
 Sean heads for the Luthor estate.  
 ***  
 Lex: This kid sounds dangerous. I've got the gate down and the alarm on. You're staying here until they find Sean. Sorry about your date.  
 Jonathan: No, and I'm still getting the answering machine at home.  
 Martha: Remind me I don't have to worry.  
 Jonathan: He's Clark, Martha.  
 The lights dim.  
 ***  
 Luthor Estate – Exterior.  
 Sean freezes the building's generator.  
 ***  
 Road outside the Luthor Estate  
 Clark wakes up.  
 ***  
 Luthor Estate – Library.  
 Lex hands flashlights to Jonathan and Martha.  
 Lex: Here you go.  
 Jonathan: Thanks. I'll go check the front gate.  
 Lex: It should be secure.  
 Martha: I'll check the generator. Where is it?  
 Lex: It's on the side of the house, but I can get it.  
 ***  
 Luthor Estate – Exterior.  
 Martha finds the frozen generator.  
 Sean: Hello.  
 Martha: Are you Sean?  
 Sean: Yes, ma'am  
 Martha: What do you want?  
 Sean: Who, me? I just want to get warm.  
 Clark: Get away from her, Sean.  
 Martha: Clark.  
 Clark: Go in the house, Mom. Go, now!  
 Sean: That's your mom? She's hot!  
 Clark: Sean, you have to get to a hospital.  
 Sean: What are they going to do? Put me under an electric blanket? I need heat, Clark – contact! That's the only thing that's going to work for me. Every person's another fix.  
 Clark: You're not getting into that house.  
 Sean: Who's gonna stop me? You? Ooh! Brr!  
 Clark and Sean fight. Sean winds up straddling a prone Clark.  
 Sean: I don't know what it is about you, Clark, but I haven't felt this good in two days. And when I'm done with you, there's your mom, your dad…and Lana.  
 Clark: I'll never let you hurt them.  
 Clark tosses Sean into a lake, which freezes around him.  
 ***  
 Kent Farm – Barn  
 Lex: Good morning. I heard you took out a bank loan today.  
 Jonathan: Did you?  
 Lex: After our conversation the other night, I was frankly surprised. You despise me that much?  
 Jonathan: Believe it or not, Lex, some things actually have nothing to do with you. I decided to bet on my family.  
 Lex: You're betting with Clark's future. I'm just trying to ensure it.  
 Jonathan: Yeah, well so am I.  
 Lex: With the bank? They'll kill you with interest while waiting for you to fail.  
 Jonathan: At least with the bank, I know where I stand.  
 Lex: I know you don't believe me, but I genuinely want to help you. When you change your mind, my offer still stands.  
 ***  
 Smallville High  
 Chloe sets a candle at a shrine for Jenna. Clark and Pete walk up.  
 Clark: You okay?  
 Chloe: Yeah. The memorial service is tomorrow. I was just thinking how that could have been me. All because some guy expressed some modicum of interest in me. I thought I was stronger than that.  
 Clark: Everybody's searching for the soul mate, Chloe. It's not a sign of weakness.  
 Pete: I can't believe both your dates went straight to hell and I ended up with the limo.  
 Clark: How was that?  
 Pete: It was sweet. I've already hooked up with another date for next weekend.  
 Chloe: I'm swearing off men.  
 Clark: We're not all bad.  
 Pete: Maybe you should just swear off heat-seeking horn dogs.  
 Chloe: The next time a guy asks me out, I'm definitely doing an in-deph background check.  
 Clark sees Lana. Chloe sees Clark seeing Lana.  
 Chloe: Come on, Pete, Clark will catch up with us later.  
 Chloe and Pete walk away. Clark walks over to Lana.  
 Clark: Lana. Hey, how's your ankle?  
 Lana: It's better, thanks. You never came back the other night.  
 Clark: W-well, I did, but you were gone. I'm sorry. I wanted things to work out differently.  
 Lana: Don't worry about it.  
 Clark: I was thinking maybe we could, you know, try again sometime. How about Saturday?  
 Lana: Whitney's taking me to the city. He's got the whole day planned. I think our non-date freaked him out.  
 Clark: What'd you tell him?  
 Lana: The truth. That we're just friends. I have to go.  
 Clark: Lana… Why do you go out with him? Whitney, I mean.  
 Lana: Because whenever I need him, he's there. I guess he makes me feel safe.  
 End. 
 Transcribed by: LexSlash LLC and Theresa. 
 Re-transcribed by Ezmeralda 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 