Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x18 - Drone - Smallville 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x18 - Drone https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=25&t=4733 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/04/02 02:56 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x18 - Drone 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 -------------------------------------------------------------- 
 For Entertainment Purpose Only. No Infringements Intended. 
 Original Airdate: 30-Apr-02 l Written by P. Levens & M. Green l Directed by Michael Katleman 
 © Courtesy of The Smallville Transcripts Center - Transcribed by Kerrplop & Ezmeralda Roswell 
 -------------------------------------------------------------- 
 ACT 1 TEASER  
 We see a bee hover above a flower outside the school. Day. It flies away and we see tables set up and many banners saying “School Elections This Week.” Many students are there. Chloe walks up to a candidate with her camera.  
 Chloe: Hey, Sasha, say something presidential.  
 Sasha: Whoa, Chloe, slow down. The election hasn't even started yet.  
 Sasha walks away and Chloe sits next to Pete. 
 Chloe: What do you think Sasha's chances are?  
 Pete: Well, she knows the most of our student government, she's worked her way up, she's on a ton of committees, but she's more of a worker than a leader.  
 Chloe: (Looking at another candidate) What about Paul?  
 Pete: Well, he's certainly the most qualified, but elections aren't about merit, they're about popularity. Which brings us to Felice. Head cheerleader and president of the drama club. That definitely gives her an edge, not to mention that she's also really hot.  
 Chloe: Yeah, but her name rhymes with a French word for luggage.  
 Pete: Okay, glad to see you're not reaching for reasons to hate her. 
 Felice approaches Chloe. 
 Felice: I saw you taking Sasha's picture. Why haven't you taken mine? That qualifies as bias.  
 Chloe: For the record, I plan on running photos and bios of all the candidates. Including you, Felice. 
 Paul walks up.  
 Paul: Hey, Chloe? What about the editorial? You can only endorse one candidate. So who's it gonna be?  
 Felice: Who cares? No matter what she says, people are gonna vote for me.  
 Chloe: Never underestimate the need for the clinically ambitious to pad their resumes. 
 Paul laughs. 
 Felice: (To Paul) If you want to avoid the pain and humiliation of losing, drop out now. (She leaves)  
 CUT TO Paul typing a flyer on his computer. Night. It says “Paul Chan, I'll Fight For You.” He goes to the bathroom and washes his face. When he dries it, we see two bees on the back of the towel. He opens the cabinet and there are several more bees inside.  
 Paul: Ow! 
 A bee falls to the counter as Paul picks its stinger out of his finger with a pair of tweezers. He hears rattling behind the bath curtain. When he pulls it open, nothing is there. Then, he hears the rattling in the sink. He goes toward it and looks down the drain. A swarm of bees flies out of it and attacks him. 
 Paul: Aaaah!  
 (Opening credits)  
 ACT 1 SCENE 1  
 Clark, Chloe, and Pete walk down the hall at school. Day. Pete is holding an issue of the Torch with a headline that says “Student Stung by Swarm”.  
 Pete: That's got to be my all-time worst nightmare. I get stung by one bee, I swell up like a grapefruit, but over a hundred?  
 Clark: The question is, how'd they get into Paul's bathroom?  
 Chloe: Well, the Center for Environmental Protection is sending out a team from Metropolis to investigate.  
 Pete: Guess that's really gonna shake up our class election.  
 Chloe: Not really. I mean, Paul's name is still on the ballot. He wouldn't have to take off until the fall, so he could recover by then.  
 Pete: Out of sight, out of mind. My call, he gets a few sympathy votes, but that's about it.  
 Clark: Nice to see the softer side of Pete.  
 Chloe: Seriously.  
 Pete: Anyway, there's a new candidate on the horizon who I think's gonna really make things interesting.  
 Chloe: Oh yeah? Who's that? 
 They turn a corner and see a banner reading “Clark Kent for President.” 
 Clark: What have you done?  
 Pete: I see a big future ahead of you in politics, Clark. You're straight forward, people like you.  
 Clark: Unh-unh. No way. Definitely not.  
 Pete: Clark, you've got the whole package. Looks, brains, and that whole farmboy charm. Did I mention the perks of power?  
 Clark: You know, if it was such a great gig, why didn't you run?  
 Pete: I know my strengths. I'm more the power behind the thrown, the guy behind the guy. The one who makes it all happen.  
 Chloe: Pete Ross, the King Maker.  
 Pete: Exactly. All you have to do is show up, shake a couple of hands, give an election speech. It's easy.  
 Chloe: And we wonder why our politicians aren't great leaders.  
 Pete: (Clapping) Clark! Clark! Clark! Clark! 
 The other students in the hall join the chant. 
 ACT 1 SCENE 2  
 Lex speeds down a country road. Day. He sees a woman in a short skirt bent over the hood of her car on the side of the road and pulls over. He gets out of his car dialing a number on his cell phone.  
 Lex: You look like you could use some help.  
 Karen: No, I'm fine.  
 Lex: (On the phone) Hans, I need you out on Route 90, two miles east of the mansion. A red Mustang with engine trouble.  
 Karen: What are you doing?  
 Lex: Calling my mechanic.  
 Karen: Not that I don't appreciate your attempt at postmodern chivalry, but I said I was fine.  
 Lex: Dolce & Gabbana and a vocabulary? You've got Metropolis written all over you. What brings you to Smallville?  
 Karen: You're the sheriff come to run me out of town?  
 Lex: Did the attitude come with the couture or was it an accessory?  
 Karen: If you must know, I'm thinking about moving here. I'd ask you what it's like, but you don't look like a local.  
 Lex: I've lived here since last fall. At first, I couldn't wait to get out, but now it's starting to grow on me.  
 Karen: Why the change? The Normal Rockwell ambiance seduce you?  
 Lex: Appearance is deceptive. Nothing around here is what it seems.  
 Karen: I'm intrigued. What do you mean?  
 Lex: All these questions. This is beginning to sound like an interview. (He reaches into the car and turns the key. The car starts easily and he shuts it off taking her keys) Who do you work for?  
 Karen: I don't know what you're talking about.  
 Lex: If I toss these into the woods, you really are gonna need a tow truck.  
 She doesn't answer. He pulls back his arm about to throw them. She grabs his arm. 
 Karen: Karen Castle. I'm a staff reporter for the Metropolis Journal.  
 Lex: I don't grant interviews, Miss Castle. I've spent the better part of my life taking back entrances to avoid people like you.  
 Karen: Wait, just listen. I want to write an article about you.  
 Lex: That's your pitch? There are articles written about me all the time.  
 Karen: But you're either dismissed as a wild child playboy or the spoiled son of Lionel Luthor. You've gotten some good press in the Inquisitor. The Journal is not a tabloid. It's well-respected. It could really help change your image.  
 Lex: What did you have in mind?  
 Karen: A cover profile of you and your work in Smallville. I promise it will be fair and accurate and it will give you the legitimacy you need to get out from behind your father's shadow.  
 Lex: Launching my career and conveniently your own. I admire the effort, Miss Castle, but I have to decline. You get points for style, though.  
 Lex gets in his care and drives away. 
 ACT 1 SCENE 3  
 Clark and Chloe walk down the stairs at school. Day.  
 Clark: I can't believe Pete did this.  
 Chloe: (Laughing) I know. Some men are born to greatness, others are dragged into it kicking and screaming. 
 Sasha walks up. 
 Sasha: Clark, what's going on? Why are you running? You've never shown any interest in student government.  
 Clark: Don't worry, it's just a gag. Pete nominated me.  
 Sasha: So you're going to take your name off the ballot.  
 Clark: Yeah.  
 Sasha: Well, good. ‘Cause this election is way too important to turn into a joke. It's bad enough with Felice.  
 Chloe: I hear she's throwing a pre-election bash with a band and catering.  
 Sasha: She's trying to buy this election like one of her Prada bags!  
 Sasha storms off. 
 Chloe: Talk about tightly wound.  
 Clark: Chloe, not that I'm planning to, but if I ran, do you think I'd have a shot?  
 Chloe: Yeah. Right after I'm elected head cheerleader. (She walks away)  
 ACT 1 SCENE 4  
 Clark, Martha, and Jonathan in the Kents' kitchen. Day. Martha is reading a flyer.  
 Martha: “Clark Kent for President”?  
 Clark: Oh, don't worry. I'm pulling my name out tomorrow.  
 Jonathan: No, I think this is a terrific idea.  
 Clark: You do?  
 Jonathan: Yeah. You're always saying that you don't get a chance to shine because football's off-limits. Maybe this is your opportunity.  
 Clark: I just assumed you'd say no. Student government is such a public thing.  
 Martha: But it doesn't require you to use your gifts and it's a school activity you could make you own.  
 Jonathan: What's the matter, son? You don't look too happy about this. 
 Clark raises the milk bottle to his mouth, about to take a drink. 
 Martha: Hey, hey.  
 Clark: It's just I've never put myself out there. I've always tired to stay out of the spotlight.  
 Martha: Well, nobody's saying you have to run.  
 Jonathan: Clark, you can quit if you want. But remember, quitting is a very hard habit to break.  
 Clark: No pressure. 
 They both smile at him. 
 ACT 1 SCENE 5  
 Clark and Lana in the Talon. Day.  
 Clark: Wow, the place is um...  
 Lana: Empty? Deserted? Vacant?  
 Clark: I was searching for a euphemism to say that, but yeah.  
 Lana: The Beanery has been trying to put us out of business ever since we opened. I have tried coupons, price cuts, even ads in the Ledger. So far, nothing's worked. At this rate, we're gonna have to close the doors in a month.  
 Clark: Have you spoken to Lex? He's an investor. I'm sure he can help.  
 Lana: He's been uncharacteristically silent. Besides, this is my battle to win or lose, and I am determined to win. Speaking of which, I hear you've got a battle of your own on your hands.  
 Clark: Oh yeah, the election. I'm not really running.  
 Lana: That's too bad. I think you'd make a great class president.  
 Clark: Really?  
 Lana: Yeah. You're honest, people trust you, and you have this innate sense of justice. I can see it on your face how upset you get every time you think somebody's being mistreated.  
 Clark: You see all that in me?  
 Lana: Yes, I do.  
 ACT 1 SCENE 6  
 Lex pours a drink in his pool room. Day. Clark enters.  
 Lex: Clark Kent for President.  
 Clark: How'd you know I was running?  
 Lex: (Holds up a flyer) I found this on my windshield in town.  
 Clark: I have an overzealous campaign manager.  
 Lex: I didn't realize you had political aspirations.  
 Clark: I don't. I just figure I could make a difference.  
 Lex: Mmm. Did you swing by for a campaign contribution?  
 Clark: Actually, I was wondering of you knew about the Talon.  
 Lex: You mean the fact that it's been practically empty the last two weeks?  
 Clark: Do you plan on helping Lana out? She's been trying everything.  
 Lex: She's doing an admirable job.  
 Clark: If the Talon goes under--  
 Lex: Clark, I'm not gonna subsidize a money-losing operation. The Talon has to find its own feet.  
 Clark: Well, you could at least stop by and show some solidarity.  
 Lex: See? You're already working for your constituents. You want some advice? I think you need a better slogan. (Picks up the flyer) Everybody's used this one, including me.  
 Clark: You ran for student office?  
 Lex: Once. But my aspirations weren't very noble.  
 Clark: Did you win?  
 Lex: Of course.  
 Clark: Do you have any tips?  
 Lex: You don't need my methods. You'll win on your own terms.  
 Clark: The competition's pretty stiff.  
 Lex: There's nothing wrong with a good fight. Just remember, the man of tomorrow is forged by his battles today.  
 Clark: Could I use that? I mean, “the man of tomorrow” for my slogan?  
 Lex: Knock yourself out.  
 ACT 1 SCENE 7  
 Clark is at his campaign table in the hall at school. Day. Chloe walks up.  
 Chloe: Clark Kent, the man of tomorrow. Kind of presumptuous don't you think?  
 Clark: I like it.  
 Chloe: I thought you were bagging this whole election.  
 Clark: I had a change of heart.  
 Lana approaches. 
 Lana: The man of tomorrow. Very catchy.  
 Clark: Thank you. And thank you for the encouragement.  
 Lana: You've got my vote.  
 Chloe rolls her eyes. 
 Clark: I was thinking maybe I could have my election rally at the Talon, help bring people by.  
 Lana: That sounds great. You know where to find me. (She starts to go)  
 Chloe: Bye, Lana.  
 Lana: Bye.  
 Chloe: You're running because of Lana. Why am I not surprised?  
 Clark: No, I'm running because I think I can do a good job.  
 Chloe: All right, Clark. Whatever.  
 Clark: Hey, you know, Pete has faith in me, and so does Lana. It's interesting that you don't.  
 Chloe: I just want to know what you stand for.  
 Clark: I stand for truth, justice, and... other stuff.  
 Chloe: Okay, well, you want to be more specific? Like, tell me where you stand on the issues.  
 Clark: What issues do you want to talk about?  
 Chloe: Well, for starters, there's the plan to cut the arts budget, there's the appalling nutritional value of the cafeteria meals, the whole dress code debate, oh yeah, and not to mention that whole student privacy issues with the locker searches.  
 Clark: Whoa, slow down. I just decided to run last night.  
 Chloe: Okay, well, I think the man of tomorrow needs to get a platform for today. 
 Chloe leaves a Pete walks up. 
 Pete: Okay, there's a girls' volleyball game this afternoon. I figure you could make an appearance, court the jock vote. Keep Friday night clear, there's a band concert. Now, I know they suck, but you gotta be seen as a friend of the arts.  
 Clark: Pete, what about my platform?  
 Pete: Who cares? If people like you, they vote for you.  
 Clark: But what am I gonna say in my speech?  
 Pete: I don't know. I don't do speeches. I do meet-and-greets. See you at lunch. We can canvass the cafeteria. 
 They walk away and Clark passes one of his “Man of Tomorrow” flyers on the wall. Sasha walks up to it and rips it down. 
 ACT 1 SCENE 8  
 Sasha walks to her garage still holding the flyer. Day. Inside, she pins it to a bulletin board next to one of Felice's flyers.  
 Sasha: Who do they think they are? (She hears a loud buzzing behind her and turns around) Stop! (We see the ceiling is covered with thousands of bees, that stop buzzing immediately) Not now. I have work to do. 
 A large swarm comes together and forms a 3-dimensional image of Sasha's face. She smiles at it. 
 Fade to black.  
 
 
 
 ACT 2 SCENE 1  
 Chloe is typing on the computer at the Torch. Day. Clark enters.  
 Clark: Chloe, any chance you could help us hang some posters? Pete's convinced he puts my name on enough wall space, I'm guaranteed to win.  
 Chloe: Besides needing to remain an impartial member of the fourth estate, I'm still working on my bee story.  
 Clark: See if you find anything new?  
 Chloe: Just that the swarms didn't migrate from any of the usual places. The bee keepers from all over the state have found their hives empty. It's like the colonies just up and left.  
 Clark: That's weird. Bees are notorious followers. They wouldn't desert their hive without a good reason. (Chloe looks at him) My mom's addicted to Discovery Channel.  
 Chloe: So how goes the platform?  
 Clark: I haven't started working on it yet. I've been so busy meeting new people, I even got invited to parties this weekend.  
 Chloe: I can't believe it only took one day for you to be compromised by the lure of popularity.  
 Clark: Remind me to pull your funding after I'm elected. Speaking of which, where's the latest edition? (He picks up a file)  
 Chloe: No, no, no, no, no. I'm not done proofing it yet. Clark, I really don't think you should be looking at it just yet. It's not even done.  
 Clark: Come on, I've been correcting your comment issues since your first laptop.  
 Chloe: Cla— Clark opens the file and sees the headline “Paul for Prez.” 
 Clark: You endorsed Paul?!  
 Chloe: Clark, I had to be objective. Paul's still in the race, and he'll be back on his feet again by fall. It's great that you're all gun ho and sloganing now, but the truth is the only reason you ran is because Pete suckered you into it. Paul has a clear stance on issues you have yet to articulate. It's nothing personal.  
 Clark: No, I understand, Chloe. (He drops the file and leaves)  
 ACT 2 SCENE 2  
 Pete and Clark enter the Talon where Lana is working. Day.  
 Lana: Hey, guys. Taking a break from the campaign trail?  
 Clark: It's amazing how many people in our school I don't know.  
 Pete: This is just a pit stop. We wanted to take advantage of your 2-for-1 deal.  
 Lana: I figure that's the last step before I institute topless waitressing.  
 Pete: Well, here's to hoping it fails miserably. (Pete goes to sit down)  
 Clark: It looks like you have some customers.  
 Lana: They're only here because Whitney forced them.  
 Clark: Yeah, I passed by the Beanery. They look busy.  
 Lana: The owner stopped by earlier. He said that he was making it his mission to run this place into the ground, and then had the nerve to tell me that it wasn't personal, just business.  
 Clark: Why does everyone over 40 quote the Godfather?  
 Lana: I don't know, but it's really annoying. So how's political life treating you?  
 Clark: It's definitely a challenge. It shows you who your real friends are.  
 Lana: How's your speech going?  
 Clark: I haven't started writing it yet.  
 Lana: Maybe I could help you with that. Come by tomorrow night. We can work on it.  
 Clark: Really? That'd be great. You sure you have enough time?  
 Lana: Look around. Unless Whitney can coerce the baseball team, I think I can squeeze you in. 
 Lex enters. 
 Lex: Glad to see business is booming.  
 Lana: It's hard when even your regular customers blow you off.  
 Lex: I haven't been blowing you off, Lana. I've had my eye on the situation.  
 Lana: Waiting for me to fail.  
 Lex: Most new ventures don't make it. You have to prepare yourself for that possibility.  
 Clark: I thought you didn't like to lose.  
 Lex: I don't. But it's not my fight. As an investor, you have to know when you cut your losses.  
 Lana: So, what do you suggest I do?  
 Lex: The Beanery has declared war. If you want to hold onto this place, you need to get creative, be willing to get your hands dirty. Don't worry, I'm not suggesting anything illegal. To quote the Godfather, it's time to go to the mattresses.  
 Lana: That movie should be banned from basic cable. (She walks away) 
 Clark: Don't ask.  
 ACT 2 SCENE 3  
 Felice passes out campaign buttons outside the school. Day. Sasha approaches.  
 Sasha: Felice? Can I talk to you a minute?  
 Felice: You've got 55 seconds left. Go.  
 Sasha: I've made a decision.  
 Felice: You're planning on dropping out.  
 Sasha: No, I've decided you need to drop out.  
 Felice: Trust me, that's not gonna happen. In case you haven‘t heard, I'm the front runner.  
 Sasha: That's because these drones wouldn't know a qualified candidate if they saw one. That's the problem with this place. It's like a hive with two queens. Well, if you knew anything about nature, you'd realize one always goes down.  
 Felice: You know what? You're a freak. (She starts getting into her car)  
 Sasha: Okay, have it your way. But just remember, I did ask nicely.  
 ACT 2 SCENE 4  
 Lex is lying on a massage table in his mansion. Day. Someone is massaging his back.  
 Lex: Gaby, you're the best part of my day.  
 Karen: Thank you, Mr. Luthor. 
 Lex looks up. 
 Lex: You're not Gaby.  
 Karen: She couldn't make it.  
 Lex: I think now would be a good time for you to leave, Miss Castle.  
 Karen: Do people always do what you say?  
 Lex: Is that unusual?  
 Karen: I thought you said you appreciated persistence. (She starts massaging him again) Besides, aren't I doing a good job?  
 Lex: Lucky for you.  
 Karen: It took a while to figure out what would tempt you, and then it hit me. It's not your picture on the cover of the Journal so much as the words “Son Outshines Father” in the caption. How am I doing?  
 Lex: A little lower. Let me guess. Your editor promised you your own column if you land me.  
 Karen: So you can imagine how appreciative I'd be.  
 Lex: I think I can.  
 Karen: Tell me, Lex, would you say my chances are above average or below?  
 Lex: Like I said, I always appreciate persistence.  
 Karen: You won't regret this. (She picks up her tape recorder)  
 Lex: Not yet, Miss Castle. I paid for an hour.  
 Karen starts massaging.  
 ACT 2 SCENE 5  
 Principal Kwan drives through the school parking lot. Day. Felice's car block his way. He honks his horn and she doesn't move. He gets out of his car and knocks on her tinted window.  
 Kwan: Felice Chandler, what's the problem?  
 Principal Kwan opens the door and finds Felice covered in bees. She falls out of the car. 
 ACT 2 SCENE 6  
 Clark walks into the cafeteria, passing out buttons on the way. Day.  
 Clark: Vote for Clark. Vote for Clark. (He sits next to Pete) I thought getting out there and meeting people would be the worst part, but it's actually kind of fun.  
 Pete: I'm glad you feel that way, because according to my latest lunchtime poll, you've got a shot. 
 Chloe enters.  
 Chloe: Hey.  
 Clark: Hey.  
 Chloe: How's it going?  
 Pete: Just answer “no comment.” That way she can't misquote you.  
 Clark: Did you hear about Felice?  
 Chloe: Yeah, I was just at the medical center. She was stung way worse than Paul. She's in a coma.  
 Pete: Two candidates attacked in a week. That's a pretty freaky coincidence.  
 Clark: I think we've moved past coincidence.  
 Chloe: What do you think's going on?  
 Clark: I don't know, but remember last year, Sasha's accident when she was stung by a whole hive of bees?  
 Chloe: You think because of that, she's somehow controlling them? 
 The bell rings. 
 Clark: It's a theory.  
 Chloe: Yeah, by several leaps and bounds, but I'll look into it. In the meantime, watch your back.  
 ACT 2 SCENE 7  
 Clark shuts his locker. Day. Sasha stands in his way.  
 Sasha: I just heard about Felice.  
 Clark: Weird, huh?  
 Sasha: Sometimes things just happen for a reason. She didn't care about this election as much as me.  
 Clark: She wasn't my favorite person, but no one deserves that.  
 Sasha: Well, the good news is you don't have to run anymore. Well, with Felice out of the picture, the best thing you can do is let me run things.  
 Clark: What about democracy? Don't you believe people should have freedom of choice?  
 Sasha: Look, Clark. I really need this. My parents are riding me to win. They think if I don't win, I won't get into a good college. You have other activities, this is my thing. Why don't you just drop out?  
 Clark: I'm sorry. I have my own reasons to see this through.  
 Sasha: You're making a mistake.  
 Clark: That sounded like a threat. You wouldn't happen to know how those bees wound up attacking Paul and Felice, would you?  
 Sasha: Are you accusing me of something, Clark?  
 Clark: I just find it interesting that a swarm of bees would attack two candidates in this election. My thoughts are somebody's behind it. (He walks away)  
 ACT 2 SCENE 8  
 Clark is sitting in the Talon over a blank notepad. Night. Lana sits next to him.  
 Lana: Mm. Good start.  
 Clark: My trash bin has three drafts in it. Nothing I can come up with sounds presidential enough.  
 Lana: You don't have to sound presidential, you just have to say what you believe. Once you answer that, the rest is easy.  
 Clark: Yeah, well, I still got a lot of work to do then.  
 Lana: Not as much as I have here.  
 Clark: Lana, I know you're having a tough time, but I really think it's amazing what you've done with the place.  
 Lana: This was just going to be the start. My dream was to restore the old theater completely. The projector, the screen, show old movies.  
 Clark: Just not the Godfather.  
 Lana: (She laughs) Come on, Clark, back to the speech. You have to decide what you believe in.  
 Clark: I believe in my friends and their dreams.  
 Lana: What if their dreams come crashing down around them?  
 Clark: Nothing's crashing down around you, Lana. Not while I'm here.  
 Lana: Thanks, Clark. (They hear a rumbling) Did you hear that?  
 Clark: Yeah, it was coming from over there... and there.  
 Lana: What is it? 
 Clark looks through the ceiling with x-ray vision and sees a swarm of bees flying through the air conditioning ducts. He grabs Lana's hand and pulls her to the phone booth. 
 Clark: Come on! Get in!  
 Lana: Aah! What about you?  
 He closes the booth and super speeds into the backroom. When the bees follow him in, he shuts the door and pulls a hose out of the side of a freezer. He sprays the bees with frosty mist, eventually freezing all of them. 
 Fade to black.  
 ACT 3 SCENE 1  
 Clark and Lana sit on Clark's porch. Night.  
 Lana: I still can't believe you didn't get stung.  
 Clark: I guess I have tough skin.  
 Lana: The insurance forms are gonna hurt worse than the stinger, but I'm fine. Thanks to you. (A car drives up) There's Nell.  
 Clark: I had a really nice time tonight.  
 Lana: (Laughing) Yeah, we should do this more often.  
 Clark: You sure you're okay?  
 Lana: Sorry we didn't get further on your speech.  
 Clark: That's the least of my worries. Right now, I need to find Sasha.  
 Lana: Do you think she has something to do with it?  
 Clark: Yes. I just don't know how she's controlling the bees.  
 Lana: You need to call Chloe.  
 Clark: We're still not really talking. Can you believe she didn't endorse me?  
 Lana: Well, if I were in her position, I probably would have done the same thing. She's just trying to be objective and she endorsed the person who she thought was most qualified for the job.  
 Clark: Yeah, but still.  
 Lana: Clark. You said you believed in your friends. She only did what she thought was right.  
 ACT 3 SCENE 2  
 Clark goes to Sasha's garage and goes inside. Day. A hand touches his shoulder and he turns around.  
 Clark: Chloe.  
 Chloe: Lana told me about the Talon. Thanks for the call.  
 Clark: Sorry.  
 Chloe: It's all right. I'm not mad.  
 Clark: Look, Chloe. I don't hold it against you. The endorsement, I mean.  
 Chloe: Thanks. I could have warned you, though.  
 Clark: I just don't like being in a fight with you.  
 Chloe: Yeah, it wasn't my favorite part either.  
 Clark: Everything has changed in my life in the last year, with my parents, with Lana. The only thing constant has been you. I'm glad for that, Chloe.  
 Chloe: Me too. 
 Something drips on his shoulder and he touches it. 
 Clark: This feels like honey.  
 Chloe: Yeah, that's what you usually find in a hive. (Chloe shines her flashlight at the ceiling and they see a massive hive.)  
 Clark: Don't tell me Sasha did all this.  
 Chloe: No, her worker bees did.  
 Clark: How is she controlling them?  
 Chloe: I think she's emitting something called the queen mandibular pheromone.  
 Clark: She pick that up when she fell in the hive?  
 Chloe: She was stung over a thousand times. They were Africanized honey bees and the doctors didn't hold out much hope because she was allergic.  
 Clark: How do they account for the miracle recovery?  
 Chloe: They don't. And neither could I until I found out the accident happened in Schuster's Gorge.  
 Clark: That's the deepest crater in town.  
 Chloe: Yeah, you do the meteorite math. The bees did something to her to make her their queen bee.  
 Clark: Now all the bees in the state are taking their cue from her.  
 Chloe: And they're helping her make Smallvile High her own personal hive.  
 Clark: We better find her. If she doesn't like the way the vote goes, the school won't be a pretty sight.  
 Chloe: Neither will she. Bees are only loyal to a point. Once she loses control, her scent will change and the bees will know. They won't be happy.  
 ACT 3 SCENE 3  
 Karen enters the Talon where Lex is already seated. Day.  
 Karen: I thought you wanted to meet somewhere private.  
 Lex: Lately, this has been passing for that.  
 Karen: Thanks for agreeing to see me. I just want to get a few more quotes.  
 Lex: Mm. How's the article going?  
 Karen: I think people are going to see you in a whole new light.  
 Lex: Yes, I bet they will. I've had a chance to read the rough draft.  
 Lex pulls out a paper. 
 Karen: Where'd you get that?  
 Lex: I have my sources. It's hardly the flattering exposé you promised.  
 Karen: It's fair and accurate.  
 Lex: It's a hatchet job. You twisted everything I said.  
 Karen: My journalism professor says if you want to bring down Goliath, you better know his Achilles' heel. Yours is your ego.  
 Lex: I see they like to mix metaphors at East Tennessee Community College.  
 Karen: Am I supposed to be scared because you ran a background check on me? I have nothing to hide.  
 Lex: How much did my father pay you?  
 Karen: You really are paranoid.  
 Lex: Why else would you sandbag me?  
 Karen: Because I plan on making a name for myself as a hard-hitting journalist and you're a very visible target.  
 Lex: What's it gonna take to make this article go away?  
 Karen: Unlike your whore at the Inquisitor, I'm not for sale. Goodbye, Lex. Thanks for being my first. (She leaves) 
 ACT 3 SCENE 4  
 Sasha enters Clarks loft. Day.  
 Sasha: You, um, wanted to see me?  
 Clark: I've decided to drop out of the election. I thought you should be the first to know.  
 Sasha: Good. I'm glad you finally made the right decision. The fact that these people were even considering voting for any of you guys just proves that this school needs a strong leader. Now they'll have one.  
 Clark: You'll do anything to make sure that happens, including putting your opponents in the hospital.  
 Sasha; I see what this is. You haven't dropped out at all.  
 Clark: I know you‘re behind the attacks.  
 Sasha: So? What are you gonna do, Clark? Even if the police believe you, they can't stop me. No one can.  
 Clark: Try me.  
 Sasha; That's what you want, isn't it? That's why you lured me here. What were you gonna do, Clark? (She closes her eyes)  
 Clark: What are you doing?  
 Sasha: Teaching you that politics is all about sacrifice.  
 Clark: Where are you sending them?  
 Sasha: You may be thick-skinned, but what about your mother?  
 CUT TO Martha driving a tractor out in the field. She stops as she sees the swarm coming straight at her.  
 Fade to black.  
 ACT 4 SCENE 1  
 Martha gets out of the tractor and runs away from the swarm. Day. Clark comes outside and sees her. He super speeds to her side, picks her up, and takes her into the storm cellar.  
 Clark: Mom, you okay?  
 Martha: Yeah, thanks. I've never seen bees attack like that! What do you think they went?  
 CUT TO Sasha entering her garage. Clark is already inside.  
 Sasha: How'd you get here? What about your mom?  
 Clark: My mom's fine. It's over, Sasha.  
 Sasha: No, it's not. I still have a speech to make. And just remember, if you try and stop me, I'll be in front of an auditorium full of people and you know what I can do to them.  
 Clark: You have to stop this. No election is worth hurting people.  
 Sasha: I have to win, Clark. My parents told me there are two kinds of people in this world, leaders and followers, and they expect for me to be a leader and that-- (There is a buzzing outside the window.)  
 Clark: Look, you have to stop the bees.  
 Sasha: I didn't tell them to come back! (She gets stung.) Ow! What's happening? (The bees burst in through the window.) Don't let them kill me! She passes out. Clark super speeds to a shelf where he grabs a screwdriver. He throws it at a propane tank in the corner of the room as he dives to cover Sasha. The garages explodes. When the fire dies down, Clark rises from the rubble, picks up Sasha, and walks away. 
 ACT 4 SCENE 2  
 Pete and Clark in the Talon. Night. They are looking at a poster that says “Congratulations to our New President Paul Chan.”)  
 Pete: I can't believe Felice and Sasha both dropped out, and you still lost. Where did I go wrong?  
 Clark: You ran a good campaign, Pete. We had fun. Met some new people, and we have enough shirts to last a lifetime. 
 Chloe takes their picture.  
 Pete: Please tell me that's not for the Torch.  
 Chloe: It's for Paul. Since he couldn't attend his own victory party himself, he asked me to take pictures for him.  
 Clark: Chloe, you were right to endorse him. He was the more qualified candidate, and I got caught up in the whole popularity rush.  
 Pete: Don't start gloating just because you guys won.  
 Chloe: Well, my candidate may have won, but my friends lost. I'm really proud of you tonight, Clark.  
 Clark: Why?  
 Chloe: Because you're exhibiting dignity in the face of defeat. It's the quality that all great leaders possess. 
 Lex enters. He goes to Lana at the back. 
 Lex: Nice crowd.  
 Lana: I think we'll be having more nights like this.  
 Lex: How can you be so sure?  
 Lana: Let's just say I went to the mattresses. Check out page 3 of the Ledger tomorrow.  
 Lex: Can you give me a preview?  
 Lana: Apparently, our rival coffeehouse has had several health department violations they've been trying to cover up.  
 Lex: How'd you hear about that?  
 Lana: Amanda told me. So Chloe had her reporter friend look into it, and sure enough, it's true.  
 Lex: Very creative. I'm impressed. (She smiles and walks away as Clark approaches) Hey, sorry about the election.  
 Clark: My father says you learn more about yourself when you lose.  
 Lex: What'd you learn?  
 Clark: I'm not destined to be a politician. You need two different personalities.  
 Lex: You don't need to be an elected official to change the world, Clark.  
 Clark: Have you ever thought about getting into politics?  
 Lex: Someday, I'd like to be president.  
 Clark: In that case you can have your slogan back.  
 Lex: That's okay. You can keep it.  
 ACT 4 SCENE 3  
 Karen enters Lex's study. Day.  
 Lex: Miss Castle. Thank you for coming.  
 Karen: I should probably know better, but I had to hear this. You don't mind if I record our conversation for both of our protection, of course?  
 Lex: Feel free. I only asked you here to congratulate you. The truth is I'm impressed. You people have caught me with my guard down.  
 Karen: Let me guess, this is where you try and blackmail me into changing my story?  
 Lex; I wouldn't dream of blackmailing you or making you change a word, because my father says “It's when they stop talking about you that you should worry.”  
 Karen: Then, I guess we're settled. (She turns off her tape recorder)  
 Lex: On the other hand, it turns out there's an opening for managing editor at the Journal.  
 Karen: I work there. If there was an opening, I would know about it.  
 Lex: We don't know the same people. You could run your fair and balanced article word for word if you like, Miss Castle, or you could show up to work tomorrow and walk into a corner office. The choice is yours.  
 Karen: What's the catch?  
 Lex: No catch. Well, maybe one. If someone ever tries to blackmail you, now you'll have something to hide.  
 Karen: I don't know if you're better or worse than your father.  
 Lex: What are you going to tell him when he finds out you killed the article?  
 Karen: Who says he's behind it?  
 Lex: Please, Miss Castle, I've never insulted your intelligence, don't insult mine.  
 Karen: I'll tell him I got an offer I couldn't refuse. 
 They shake hands. 
 ACT 4 TAG  
 Clark takes down a “Vote Clark Kent” poster in the loft. Night. Lana enters.  
 Lana: Packing up campaign headquarters?  
 Clark: Yep. It's back to being just a barn.  
 Lana: I'm sorry we couldn't talk more at the Talon, but it was packed.  
 Clark: Oh, it looked better that way. I'd assumed that was a good thing.  
 Lana: It is. It's just I'm not sure I liked what I did. You know, playing dirty with the Beanery.  
 Clark: Maybe the mattress isn't for you.  
 Lana: I felt I had to choose between doing the right thing and being successful. The weird part is I kind of enjoyed being underhanded.  
 Clark: Lana Lang seduced by the dark side? Who would've thunk? Look, don't worry. We all get caught up. I got so caught up in the popularity thing, I almost forgot why I ran.  
 Lana: Did you ever finish your speech?  
 Clark: Yeah, not that anyone will ever hear it.  
 Lana: I could hear it.  
 Clark: Yeah, when?  
 Lana: Now.  
 Clark: Right now?  
 Lana: Yes, Clark. (She starts clapping) Speech! Speech! Speech! Speech!  
 Clark picks up his notepad and she sits.  
 Clark: “Nobody thinks that a class president can make a difference, but I disagree. If we want to change the world, first we have to change ourselves. My father always says that we learn life's lessons whether we win or lose, so I hope that my worthy running mates will work alongside me, make our next student council, regardless of who it may be...” 
 End of episode 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 