Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x04 - Red - Smallville 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x04 - Red https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=25&t=4601 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 destinyros2005  [ 01/05/03 19:40 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x04 - Red 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Open on a shot of a female hand being held up in the air, palm facing it's owner. On the middle finger of the hand, a shiny ring glitters.  
 Chloe: (offscreen) Nothing says "School Spirit" like a ring that looks like it was jacked from P. Diddy.  
 We pull back to see Chloe, standing in the school hallway. Over her shoulder, a larger banner reads "Class Ring Day". Chloe flips her hand over and looks at her class ring, unimpressed. Across from her, Pete and Clark look on eagerly.  
 Clark: I think it looks great, Chloe.  
 Chloe: (Sarcastically as she studies the ring) Yeah, I think we'll be lucky if the glue holds through graduation. I wonder if the ruby's even real.  
 Chloe gets a look of curiosity on her face, and walks off, presumably to do a background check on her ring. Clark and Pete head for the table where the class rings are being distributed.  
 Pete: You sure you're gonna do this?  
 Clark: I'm here, aren't I?  
 Pete gives Clark a look that says, "It's your funeral."  
 Clark: (off Pete's look) What?  
 Pete: (Shaking his head) I believe your dad's exact words were, "$350 dollars is a lot of money to spend on something you really don't need."  
 Clark: (Matter of factly) I earned that money. Besides, my dad said that it was my decision to make.  
 Pete: Which means that you're *really* not supposed to buy it.  
 Pete continues toward the table and hands his order form to the girl at the table.  
 Cut to a close-up of a blonde girl's face. It's Jessie, a new girl at Smallville High. From her appearance and dress as she walks down the hall, Jessie is a little wilder than the average Smallville High student--her makeup is dark and heavy, and she's wearing a sheer, sleeveless, black midriff top and very low slung, tight pants. Jessie looks around in disdain as she gets a tour of the school from Lana.  
 Lana: (offscreen) I know the first day at a new school can be kind of rough, so if you have any questions, just ask.  
 Jessie: (Sarcastically) So what do you Crows do for fun? Between the tractor pulls and the hoedowns?  
 Lana is taken a bit aback by Jessie's attitude, but tries to be friendly and helpful.  
 Lana: Uh...there's the Talon.  
 Jessie: (Unimpressed) Which is?  
 Lana: A coffeehouse, and a really cool place to hang out. But, I'm kinda biased because I sort of own it.  
 Jessie: (Unenthused) Gee, I'll have to check it out.  
 Jessie's gaze falls on Clark and Pete at the table, picking up their class rings, and she stops dead in her tracks.  
 Jessie: (Impressed) Whoa. Who is the major hottie in primary colors?  
 Lana: Uh, that's Clark Kent.  
 Jessie: (Eyes trained on Clark) No offense Lana, but maybe I could get him to show me around.  
 Jessie and Lana stand and watch Clark as he picks up a class ring box and looks at the ring inside. Jessie is looking at Clark like he's her next meal, while Lana is looking slightly uncomfortable as well as slightly jealous.  
 Back at the table, Clark picks up his ring. It's a standard men's class ring with a red stone in the center. He slips it onto his ring finger. As he does so, the veins in his hand begin to ripple, just as they do when he is exposed to green meteor rocks...only this time they ripple red. Also, the rippling effect is in motion...it quickly moves up Clark's hand and up his arm, under his shirt sleeve, leaving no visible traces of it's existence behind.  
 Cut to a shot of Clark's face. He has his eyes closed, and inhales deeply. As he opens his eyes, we see them quickly flash red, almost bloodshot, before returning to normal. Clark lets his breath out slowly, almost sighing in pleasure. Pete looks over at Clark, slightly concerned.  
 Pete: You feeling alright?  
 Clark: (Surprised) Yeah, I feel great.  
 The moment is interrupted by a male voice off screen.  
 Mr. Gibbons: Excuse me.  
 As Clark looks toward the direction of the voice, we see a middle aged man--possibly the principal, Mr. Gibbons--approaching Lana and Jessie, who are still standing in the hallway.  
 Mr. Gibbons: It's Jessie, isn't it?  
 Jessie nods.  
 Mr. Gibbons: Perhaps Miss Lang didn't tell you, but there's a dress code here at Smallville High.  
 Jessie: (Defiantly) Lame and lamer?  
 We cut to a shot of Clark and Pete, who are watching the exchange with interest. As Jessie gives her opinion of the dress code, Clark bursts out into loud laughter, which catches not only Jessie and Lana's attention, but that of the principal as well.  
 Mr. Gibbons: You think that's funny, Mr. Kent?  
 Clark simply grins, and Jessie turns back to the principal.  
 Jessie: (Matter of factly) By the way, I'm not changing.  
 Mr. Gibbons: Well, perhaps you'd like to discuss your attitude in my office.  
 The principal turns to walk down the hall, and Jessie rolls her eyes and turns to follow him. Clark calls out after them.  
 Clark: (Walking toward them) Excuse me, Mr. Gibbons...  
 The two stop and turn back toward Clark.  
 Clark: I think she looks really hot. And I think that your dress code...sucks.  
 Mr. Gibbons: (Stunned) Excuse me?  
 Lana and Pete look on with expressions of shock. Jessie looks on with a grin.  
 Clark: I mean, come on...it's her first day. Cut her some slack. (Looking Mr. Gibbons up and down) Besides, I don't think you should be the one giving fashion tips.  
 Mr. Gibbons, Pete, and Lana's eyes widen in shock at the change in Clark's normal demeanor. 
 In the background, the bell rings.  
 Mr. Gibbons: (To Jessie) Tomorrow, young lady...proper attire, or you're going straight home.  
 Mr. Gibbons leaves, and Jessie stands there, looking at Clark with a look of extreme interest. Clark returns her gaze with one of his own. Lana walks over and breaks up the starefest.  
 Lana: I guess we can finish our tour.  
 Jessie gives Clark one last look, and walks down the hall, Lana hurrying to catch up. Clark shrugs and watches them go, as Pete walks up from behind him.  
 Pete: (Amazed) Whoa. Where did that come from.  
 Clark: (Smiling) I dunno...  
 We cut to a shot from Clark's POV of Lana and Jessie walking down the hall. From the angle of the shot, it's not their backs he is admiring.  
 Clark: (Confidently) But I think I liked it.  
 Cut to a shot of a city skyline at night. The camera pans over the city of Metropolis, before cutting to a closeup of a prom picture. It's Jessie, clad in a blue prom dress. A teenage boy stands behind her, clad in a tux. We then pan up to a shot of a middle aged man's face. He's got a serious look on his face, and is showing the picture to someone across from him.  
 Cut to a shot of a teenage boy, lounging in a locker room whirlpool bath. He is the young man in the picture with Jessie.  
 Kyle: (Shrugging and unconcerned) I'm telling you man. I don't know where she is.  
 The man lowers the picture.  
 US Marshal: Look, Kyle. I know that you want to do the right thing, but Jessie and her father are fugitives now. It's my job to bring them in.  
 Kyle: What kind of US Marshal are you, anyway?  
 US Marshal: The kind that gets results.  
 The man reaches into his belt and quickly whips out a gun. He cocks it and aims it at Kyle.  
 Kyle: (Fearful) Okay!  
 US Marshal: Okay. Okay what?  
 Kyle: I've heard from her once or twice. She called me collect from some place in Kansas.  
 US Marshal: Where in Kansas? It's a big state.  
 Kyle: (Scared) All over. They..they were from pay phones. Check my phone bill. That's all I know. You have to believe me.  
 The man pulls the trigger of the gun. The hammer clicks and Kyle flinches, but no bullet comes out. The gun is empty.  
 US Marshal: Relax. I believe you.  
 The man turns slowly and walks over to a nearby portable-shelving unit.  
 Kyle: (Hopeful) So...you'll let me go now?  
 The man flips on a small portable stereo sitting on the shelves, and rock music fills the room.  
 US Marshal: Oh, I would, but Jessie might call...  
 The man begins wheeling the shelving unit toward the whirlpool.  
 US Marshal:...and you might decide to warn her.  
 Kyle's gaze falls on the stereo. The man knocks the stereo into the water, and electricity crackles. Kyle thrashes around as he is electrocuted. As Kyle slips under the water, the man throws the prom picture into the whirlpool. The camera cuts to a closeup of Jessie in the picture as the water washes over the picture.  
 [Opening Credits]  
 Cut to a shot of the entrance to Smallville High. Students file out, chatting amongst themselves. Clark and Pete are among them. Clark is carrying a yellow paper flyer, which he hands to Pete as they descend the school steps.  
 Clark: All right, so this is what I was talking about--it's right over the county line, and they don't check IDs.  
 Pete: (Handing the flyer back) You know, this is like, a bar.  
 Clark: (Exasperated) I know! Hey, aren't you the one who says if you wanna have fun, you got to take some risks? (Studies the flyer) We can go this weekend.  
 Pete: The day Clark Kent decides to break the rules, I'll be there.  
 Clark: Alright.  
 From behind them, Jessie calls out. The boys stop and turn around, as Jessie jogs to catch up to them  
 Jessie: Clark, right? Jessie Brooks.  
 Jessie's eyes fall on the flyer in Clark's hand.  
 Jessie: (Indicating the flyer) That place rocks...I checked it out on my way into town. Are you planning a road trip?  
 Clark: (Interested) Well if we do, I'll let you know.  
 Clark and Jessie lock eyes for a moment and smile slightly. Jessie reaches over into Pete's backpack and pulls out a pen. She then takes Clark's hand and flips it palm side up.  
 Jessie: (Writing on Clark's palm) You'll need to know how to get in touch with me.  
 Jessie hands the pen back to Pete, who looks surprised. Clark looks intrigued. As Jessie walks away, Clark glances down at the phone number scrawled across his palm.  
 Pete: In case you require translation that was her hitting on you.  
 Clark: (Watching Jessie) She is kinda hot.  
 Pete: (Joking) But aren't you married to Lana in your imagination?  
 Clark considers this for a moment, but before he can answer, Lana approaches the boys.  
 Lana: Clark! You and Jessie seem to be making fast friends.  
 Clark: I'm just trying to make the new girl feel welcome.  
 Clark pauses.  
 Clark: (Flirty) Don't worry Lana. I haven't taken my eye off you all day.  
 Pete looks surprised at Clark's boldness, while Lana simply studies Clark, trying to figure out why the change from his normal behavior. She decides to let is pass and change the subject.  
 Lana: So...are we still on for that cram session tonight at the Talon?  
 Clark " src="http://foreverdreaming.org/images/smilies/frown.gif"> Still flirty) If you're still going to be there, absolutely.  
 Lana looks surprised at Clark's continued flirting.  
 Pete: I'll be there.  
 Pete gives Lana a smile, Lana smiles back and gives a little embarrassed laugh, before turning and heading back to where she came from. Pete just looks at Clark and shakes his head.  
 Pete: (Chuckling) Oh, man...  
 Cut to a shot of the Kent barn. We go inside and see Jonathan polishing his motorcycle with a cloth, while Martha stands nearby with a cup of coffee.  
 Martha: So as soon as you get this shined to your liking, I get the first ride.  
 Jonathan: Yep, and all the others can just take a number.  
 Martha chuckles and hands Jonathan the cup of coffee as he stands up.  
 Jonathan: Hey, where's Clark? He's really late.  
 A sudden whooshing sound is heard, and a blur streaks into the barn. A grinning Clark skids to a stop in front of his parents.  
 Clark: Looking for me?  
 Martha and Jonathan smile in amusement.  
 Jonathan: Yeah. Weren't you supposed to be here with me, working on that garage door?  
 Clark: (Rolling his eyes) Dad, that'll take like, two seconds.  
 Jonathan nods, then frowns as his eyes fall on Clark, who is holding his hand out admiring his class ring.  
 Jonathan: (Sternly) And I thought we agreed that you weren't gonna buy that ring.  
 Clark: I thought we decided it was my decision to make.  
 Clark turns his back on his parents, fiddling with something on the workbench.  
 Jonathan: That's because I assumed you'd make the right one. Clark, that ring costs a lot of money...  
 Clark: (Upset as he turns back to face them) And I'm tired of worrying about every nickel and dime around here!  
 Jonathan looks stunned by Clark's sudden outburst. Martha attempts to diffuse the situation.  
 Martha: (Calmly) Clark, why don't you go get washed up for dinner.  
 Clark: (Stubbornly) I'm not hungry. (Bitterly) Besides, I have chores to do.  
 Clark zips off in a burst of super speed, leaving Martha and Jonathan standing there unsure of what just happened.  
 Jonathan: What was that all about?  
 Martha: (Shrugs) I think our not so normal son might be going through some classic teenage rebellion.  
 Jonathan: Well, I think I liked dealing with heat vision a lot better than that.  
 Martha just smiles, amused.  
 Jonathan: (Seriously) Martha, that was a bad decision he made.  
 Martha: But it was his to make. (Knowingly) I seem to recall a certain young man who defied his father and spent $500 on an old motorcycle. Challenging him is only going to make it worse.  
 Jonathan just sighs and shakes his head, a small smile playing on his lips.  
 Cut to a shot of the interior of Luthor Mansion. As Lex walks down the hall, he gets a puzzled look on his face as he hears noises in the background--hammering, drilling, strange voices. He quickly strides toward his office, stopping as he takes in the scene before him.  
 Lionel sits behind Lex's desk, conferring with a young woman holding several file folders. Workers scurry around, installing new computer equipment and furnishings in the office. Lex walks toward his desk.  
 Lex: (Annoyed) When I got up this morning, I was pretty sure this was *my* office.  
 Lionel: (Chuckling) Lex. I thought you wouldn't mind if I had a few changes made since I'm going to be staying here a while. (To the woman standing beside him) Go on.  
 The female designer begins to continue to discuss the office plans with Lionel, but is interrupted by Lex.  
 Lex: (Stonily) What I mind is not being consulted.  
 The designer pauses, looking uncomfortable. Lionel looks upset, and grabs his cane, climbing to his feet and walking out from behind the desk.  
 Lionel: (Offended) I didn't realize I'd need my son's permission to try to make my situation a trifle more bearable.  
 Lionel walks past Lex and heads out of the office, using his cane to guide his way around the workers.  
 Lionel: (Continuing as he exits) I've lost my sight. Allow me to retain at least a modicum of dignity.  
 At his father's words, Lex gets a guilty look on his face, and turns to the designer.  
 Lex: (Resignedly) Give him whatever he wants.  
 Cut to a shot of a payphone, and a list of phone numbers. We see from the list that the number on the payphone--620-555-0145--is on the list. It belongs to a place called the Wild Coyote. As a man's hand circles the number on the list, we see his reflection in the chrome on the payphone. It's the US Marshal who electrocuted the young man in Metropolis.  
 The Marshal hangs up the phone and makes his way over to the bartender  
 US Marshal: Barkeep, I'm looking for a girl.  
 Barkeeper: (Dryly) Aren't we all?  
 The marshal pulls a copy of Jessie's prom picture out of his coat pocket.  
 US Marshal: (Sighing in annoyance) The girl in this photo used that phone over there.  
 Barkeeper: Any crime in that?  
 Marshal: (Pulling his badge from his pocket and flashing it) No, but she is a teenager and be both know the legal drinking age in Kansas is 21.  
 The barkeeper just nods in understanding as he looks at the picture, and we cut to a close-up of the picture.  
 US Marshal: She comes back in, you call me. The number's on the back.  
 The barkeeper flips the picture over and looks at the number.  
 Cut to a shot of the Talon at night. The marquee advertises a "Monster Movie Marathon" coming up. We go inside and see Lana, Pete, and Chloe sitting at a table, studying. A knock sounds on the door, and the three friends look up. Lana gets up to unlock the door and answer it, while Pete and Chloe quietly discuss the plan of attack on the homework.  
 Pete: I think we should start in the middle...  
 Lana pushes open the door and sees Clark standing outside.  
 Lana: Hey, Clark...glad you made it. (Indicates Pete and Chloe) Uh, we're just doing American History--the Red Scare.  
 Lana begins walking back to the table, but Clark remains in the doorway.  
 Clark: Hey, um, can we do that tomorrow?  
 Lana: (Walking back to Clark, concerned) Why, is something wrong?  
 Clark: No, it's really nice out tonight. Let's go for a drive… go dancing.  
 Lana: (Shocked) Are you asking me on a date?  
 Clark: (Intense yet flirty) I'm asking you to have some fun with me.  
 Lana is unsure how to react.  
 Lana: This is, uh...a little unexpected to say the least. But we really have to study.  
 Clark: (Amused) Did you know when you get all serious, your nose crinkles up? (Seriously) It's really sexy.  
 Lana simply looks at Clark, a bit confused.  
 Lana: Pete and Chloe are waiting for us.  
 Lana turns and heads back to the table, a look of shock on her face, and Clark follows suit. Chloe and Pete are still discussing the study material in the background. Clark sits next to Pete, grabbing a chair, flipping it backwards, and straddling it.  
 Chloe: (Looking at Pete's notebook) What did you get for number 5?  
 Pete: (To Clark) Hey man. (Nudges Clark with his elbow) Where are your books?  
 Clark: (Suddenly) You guys wanna go to a bar?  
 Lana looks up with a worried expression.  
 Chloe: (Scoffing) Clark, you can commit academic Harikari, but the rest of us *really* need to cram for this test.  
 Clark: (Grinning) You guys, high school is supposed to be fun. This is not fun. Come on, my treat.  
 Pete: (Jokingly) Clark, when did you and the money truck hook up?  
 Clark: Since I decided there's no percentage in playing poverty.  
 Chloe: (Grabbing her mug and standing up) I'm gonna get a refill and I'm gonna get *you* some decaf.  
 Lana: (Standing up also, looking at Clark with concern) Yeah, I'll give you a hand.  
 Clark watches the two girls head for the counter. Pete simply nudges him with his elbow again, chuckling, before turning back to his books.  
 Clark begins staring intensely at Chloe, who is leaning over the counter, her back to the boys, as she talks to Lana. Clark's eyebrows shoot up in surprise, and a pleased look crosses his face.  
 Clark: (To Pete) Did you know that Chloe had a birthmark on her cheek.  
 Pete: (Not looking up from his books) No she doesn't.  
 Clark: (Dryly as he continues to stare) Not that cheek.  
 Pete looks up in shock as he realizes what Clark must be doing. He sees Chloe leaning over the counter, her backside right in Clark's eyeline.  
 Pete: (Shocked) Are you doin' what I think you're doin'?  
 Clark doesn't answer, simply continuing to stare with a pleased smile on his face.  
 Pete: (Annoyed) Clark, that's *Chloe* you're scooping, man!  
 Clark: (Still grinning) Not just Chloe...  
 We pan over and see Lana is now standing next to Chloe, her back turned to the boys as well. Pete reaches over and uses his hand to cover Clark's eyes, attempting to block his X-Ray vision. Clark just grins and looks away from the girls.  
 Clark: Come on, let's go have some fun.  
 Pete: (Chuckling in disbelief) Clark, this test is half our grade. Now, if you want to party this weekend, I'm with you, but right now, *I* need to do this. (Indicates his books)  
 Clark: All right...well, when you're through with, uh, Boring 101, give me a call.  
 Clark claps Pete on the shoulder and stands up, leaving the Talon. As he does so, Chloe and Lana look up, and Pete turns to watch Clark. The three friends watch Clark leave all three wearing matching confused expressions.  
 Cut to a shot of the Kent farmhouse on a sunny morning. Inside, Martha is cooking a breakfast of pancakes and sausage links, while Jonathan is talking on the telephone.  
 Jonathan: (Disbelieving) You're kidding! Thank you.  
 Jonathan hangs up the phone, and Martha turns from the stove.  
 Martha: What's wrong?  
 Jonathan: That was the credit card company. They were calling to verify some charges that were made on our card? Last night?  
 Martha and Jonathan both look confused. The confusion grows even more when the strains of loud rock music come drifting through the window over the sink. Both adults move to look out the window. The window directly faces the barn, which is the source of the loud music. Also, a small satellite dish is attached to the barn, near the window of Clark's loft.  
 Martha: When did we get a satellite dish?  
 Cut to a shot of the interior of the barn. As the loud rock music blares, the camera pans over, we see some expensive toys...a jet-ski draped with expensive clothes, and all sorts of stereo equipment wires hanging down from the loft, as well as boxes for other items strewn everywhere. Martha and Jonathan enter the barn, looking around in shock. Martha grabs a shirt off of the jet ski, while Jonathan looks at the wires.  
 Martha: (Shouting to be heard over the music) This is silk!  
 The Kents climb the stairs to Clark's loft. As the camera pans up, we see more expensive toys...a new stereo, strobe lights, more expensive clothes. And in the middle of it sits Clark, playing with a new video game system on a new large projection screen TV.  
 Jonathan: (Shouting) Clark!  
 Martha: (Also shouting) Clark! Where did you get all this?  
 Clark looks at them briefly, before turning back to his game.  
 Clark: Discount Eddie's in Metropolis. “Open all night”!  
 Jonathan: (Angry) You mean to tell...  
 Jonathan decides he's tired of shouting over the music and video game noises, and grabs for the remote.  
 Jonathan: (Continuing) You mean you took our credit cards... (Struggles with the remote)...credit cards, and you bought all this...  
 Clark grabs the remote from his father and switches off the stereo with the flick of a button.  
 Jonathan: (Continuing, normal voice) You bought all this junk?  
 Clark: Yeah! I figured it was time I had all the same cool stuff everyone else has.  
 Jonathan: (Angry) Clark Kent, you stole from us.  
 Clark: (rolling his eyes) No. I used your credit cards. (Gets up from his seat) What's the big deal? We don't have to pay for it right away.  
 Martha gasps in disbelief, looking from Jonathan to Clark with a stunned expression. Jonathan reaches down and grabs a leather motorcycle jacket, tossing it to Clark angrily.  
 Jonathan: Well, I'll tell you the big deal. The big deal is you're gonna take all this garbage back right now! Come on!  
 Clark: (Scoffing) Yeah, right.  
 Jonathan: (Mocking angrily) 'Yeah, right!' And then after you've taken all this garbage back, you and I are going to have a nice long conversation about this new attitude you've developed!  
 Clark shrugs on the leather jacket.  
 Clark: (Dismissive) Well, Dad, you can talk all you want. I'm out of here.  
 With that, Clark superspeeds out the window of the loft, landing on the ground below next to Jonathan's motorcycle. He climbs aboard and starts the engine.  
 Jonathan: (Yelling from the loft window) Clark! Clark, come back here!  
 Clark just ignores his parents, pulling a pair of expensive looking sunglasses from his jacket pocket. He puts them on, guns the motorcycle's engine, and tears off down the driveway in a cloud of dust and down the road as his parents watch in shock.  
 Martha: Oh...  
 Martha begins to cry and Jonathan hugs her.  
 Cut to a shot of Jessie's back as she walks down the road, dressed in the same type of outfit she was warned about previously. Behind her, a car horn honks. The car pulls up next to her and a male voice belonging to Jessie's father calls out.  
 Mr. Brooks: You're not going to school dressed like that.  
 Jessie continues walking, not slowing her pace at all. Behind her, we hear a motorcycle approaching in the distance  
 Jessie: Okay. Then I just won't go.  
 Mr. Brooks: (Pleading) Jessie, please. You're a smart girl. You know we can't afford to draw attention to ourselves.  
 Jessie simply turns around and sticks out her thumb to hitch a ride with the approaching motorcycle. As she does, we see Clark pull up on his father's motorcycle. Jessie's father stops his car, and Clark stops the motorcycle next to Jessie.  
 Clark: Need a ride?  
 Jessie: (Surprised) Clark?  
 Clark pulls off his sunglasses as Jessie walks over to the motorcycle. Her father steps out from his car.  
 Mr. Brooks: Jessie...  
 Jessie climbs on the back of the bike and pulls on a small helmet as Clark puts his sunglasses back on.  
 Jessie: (To Clark) You're my hero.  
 Mr. Brooks: (Insistently) Jessie, I need you to...  
 Mr. Brooks is interrupted as Clark revs the engine on the motorcycle. With a defiant look at Mr. Brooks, Clark tears off down the road, leaving Mr. Brooks standing exasperated next to his car.  
 Cut to a shot outside Smallville High. Students, who are standing around talking, quickly scatter with cries of surprise as Clark drives the motorcycle down the sidewalk. The girls' looks of surprise quickly turn to interest as they watch Clark and Jessie ride by. Clark continues down the sidewalk, riding right past a very surprised looking Chloe, Lana, and Pete.  
 Chloe: Okay, what planet is that guy from, and what did he do with Clark?  
 Clark smoothly pulls the motorcycle into a parking place, and Jessie climbs off, pulling off her helmet.  
 Jessie: (Flirty) Well, Clark...Thanks for the ride.  
 Clark: (Taking the helmet) Anytime.  
 Jessie gives Clark a coy smile, before walking off. Meanwhile, Chloe, Lana, and Pete approach Clark.  
 Lana: So much for the shy and retiring Clark Kent.  
 Clark: I was just giving her a ride to school. (Suggestively) Say the word and I'll save you the return trip.  
 Lana looks both interested and shocked by the new forward Clark. Pete looks impressed. In the background, the bell rings, and Chloe and Lana turn to leave.  
 Lana: (To Clark) Catch up with you later.  
 Chloe walks off quickly, and Lana catches up with her. Pete and Clark watch them go.  
 Pete: Clark Kent, chick magnet. What's wrong with this picture?  
 Clark: (Seriously) People change, Pete.  
 Just then, the Kents' red pickup truck pulls up and Jonathan calls out to Clark through the passenger window.  
 Jonathan: (Firmly) Clark, I'd like a word with you please.  
 Clark: (Dismissive) Not right now Dad.  
 Clark starts to walks past the truck as Jonathan climbs out.  
 Jonathan: (Authoritative) Get in the truck, son.  
 Clark just continues to walk away.  
 Clark: Give me one reason why I should.  
 Angry, Jonathan reaches out and grabs Clark's arm, spinning him around so he is facing his father.  
 Jonathan: (Displeased) Because I am your father and I just told you to get in the truck.  
 Clark: (Scoffing) You're not my father.  
 Jonathan steps back, stunned by the words.  
 Clark: (Coldly) You never were.  
 With that, Clark uses his strength and shoves Jonathan away. Jonathan flies backwards and lands against the open drivers side door of the truck, slamming it shut and denting it from the impact.  
 As he slides to the ground, Jonathan winces in pain. Pete looks on in shock and fear, while Clark looks on in amusement. He shrugs, and turns around to leave as Pete rushes over to help Jonathan.  
 Pete: You all right, sir?  
 Clark simply walks off, as Jonathan and Pete watch him in confusion.  
 Cut to a shot of the Kent farm. We pan over and see Jonathan, standing shirtless, on the front porch. He wheezes and grunts in pain. Martha approaches, bringing a bag of frozen vegetables to use as an ice pack. She places the ice pack on his back.  
 Martha: Here you go.  
 Jonathan grunts in pain, and Martha winces before continuing.  
 Martha: I can't believe Clark would do that.  
 Jonathan: (Sighing) Ah, it's like he's a whole different person.  
 Martha: How are we going to get him home?  
 Jonathan: (Shaking his head) I dunno. Fact is, if he doesn't want to come home, there isn't much either one of us could do about it.  
 Jonathan pulls his shirt back on and takes the ice pack from Martha.  
 Jonathan: I'll get that.  
 He places the ice pack on his side and sighs.  
 Jonathan: Takes your whole teenage rebellion theory to a new level doesn't it?  
 Martha leans against the porch railing next to Jonathan.  
 Martha: This is more than teenage rebellion. A change this drastic doesn't happen overnight.  
 Jonathan: (Matter of factly) Martha, it's Clark. All of his other abilities cropped up overnight.  
 Martha: (Concerned) Do you think this is part of his development?  
 Jonathan: (Looking out into the distance) I don't know. From what he said, uh...(Pauses, a bit upset) ...I guess those feelings have been boiling up inside him for a while.  
 Martha: (Rubbing his shoulder reasuredly) No, Jonathan. Clark loves you. But there's something seriously wrong with him.  
 Jonathan: (Sadly) I don't think another father and son talk is gonna help this time.  
 Martha: (Thinking) Maybe Pete can help.  
 Jonathan just shakes his head.  
 Martha: (Hopefully) They're always together. We should talk to him, find out if he has any idea what's causing Clark's behavior.  
 Jonathan: (Walking into the house slowly) Well, we got to do something.  
 Martha watches Jonathan go… a look of concern on her face.  
 Cut to a shot of a coffee cup topped with whipped cream being set down. We see Lana, inside the Talon, getting an order together. She looks up as she's finishing the drinks, and sees Clark striding toward her purposefully.  
 Clark: Lana. We need to talk.  
 Lana: (Sprinkling cocoa powder on the drinks) Clark, please, I really need to get these orders done.  
 Clark: (Firmly) Your coffee can wait.  
 Lana stops what she is doing and crosses her arms, a little annoyed.  
 Clark: I got the impression that you were jealous when you saw me with Jessie.  
 Lana: (Shaking her head) Don't be ridiculous. You can spend time with anyone you want.  
 Lana picks up the tray and starts around the counter to deliver the orders.  
 Clark: Don't get me wrong, I was happy you were jealous.  
 Lana stops at the edge of the counter.  
 Lana: Clark, what is going on with you?  
 Clark: I've decided to tell you the truth Lana.  
 Lana pauses, studying his face.  
 Lana: (Unsure) About...about everything?  
 Clark: Try me. What do you want to know?  
 Lana: (Setting the tray down) Well for starters, how about what happened the day the twisters hit?  
 Clark: (Smiling wryly) We'll get there. But right now, we should concentrate on more important things, like...(Pauses, then continues sincerely)...I've had feelings for you for a long time. And I know you have feelings for me too.  
 Lana simply looks shocked, but doesn't deny what he is saying is true. Clark just smiles.  
 Clark: So I think we should stop pretending.  
 Lana: (Clearing her throat nervously) So...so what...is this supposed to be some, um, all new Clark Kent?  
 Lana laughs nervously and picks up the tray. She starts to head out to deliver the orders, but Clark reaches over and pulls the tray out of her hands, setting it back on the counter.  
 Clark: Well… that depends.  
 Clark gets up off the stool and comes to stand right in front of Lana, leaning in until their faces are inches apart.  
 Clark: (Intensely) Do you like him?  
 Lana doesn't say anything, and Clark leans in, kissing her passionately. Lana is shocked at first, but soon begins returning the kiss. The two break apart and Clark leans his forehead against Lana's, while she stands there, eyes closed, trying to catch her breath. Finally, Lana opens her eyes and looks at Clark.  
 Lana: (Out of breath) Clark, I, um...what about Jessie?  
 Clark: (Tucking a strand of hair behind Lana's ear) Jessie who? You're the one I want to be with.  
 Clark caresses Lana's face as she looks into his eyes.  
 Clark: (Suddenly) I'll pick you up at eight.  
 Lana nods slowly, and Clark turns and walks away, leaving Lana standing there looking hopeful, stunned, and a little embarrassed all at the same time.  
 Cut to a shot of Smallville High. We go inside the Torch office and see Chloe sitting at her desk studying a large rock. Embedded in the rock is a piece of a red, gemstone-like substance. Chloe looks up as Pete enters the office.  
 Chloe: (Excitedly as she stands up) Pete! You are not going to believe what I found out! Our El Cheapo class rings are in fact, fake.  
 Pete: (Seriously) Chloe, there's something wrong with Clark.  
 Chloe comes out from behind her desk.  
 Chloe: (Amused) More than usual?  
 Pete: Last night at the Talon, the motorcycle...  
 As Chloe leans over her desk to retrieve the rock, Pete's gaze falls on her backside.  
 Pete: (Continuing)...Other stuff...  
 Chloe: What kind of other stuff?  
 Pete: (Frustrated as he takes the rock from Chloe) The kind of that has Mr. and Mrs. Kent calling my house. They're really worried. It's like, they think he's on drugs or something.  
 Chloe: (Chuckling) Clark would have to be on drugs to be on drugs. (Glances down to see Pete casually tossing the rock back and forth between his hands) Uh, just be careful with that. (Takes the rock back)  
 Pete: (Attempting to pull the rock out of her hands) What is it anyway?  
 Chloe: (Proudly) My expose. (Walks back behind her desk) See this lovely $350 piece of school spirit? (Holds out the hand with her class ring on it)  
 Pete nods. 
 Chloe: It's a rip-off. The Jewelry Company was substituting worthless meteor rocks for rubies to save money. 
 Pete: Uh, Chloe, the ring's red. Meteor rocks are green. 
 Chloe: (Smugly) Not the load they found near Hobbes Pond. (Holds the rock out to Pete) Note the red vein. 
 Pete takes the rock and studies it. 
 Chloe: You can read all about it on page one of today's Torch. 
 As Pete studies the rock, a look of realization crosses his face. He glances down at his own class ring, noting the red rock in the center, then looks again at the red vein. He looks up and suddenly rushes from the office, taking Chloe's rock with him. 
 Chloe: (Surprised) Uh..uh.. Pete! 
 Cut to a shot of the Kent farmhouse. Inside the kitchen, Pete is showing the Kents Chloe's meteor rock, and explaining her findings. 
 Pete: Chloe's going to force a recall because all the rings are made from this stuff. 
 Jonathan picks up Pete's class ring and studies it. 
 Jonathan: You think that's what's causing Clark's behavior? 
 Pete: Well that's when it all started, right after he slipped on the ring. 
 Jonathan picks up Chloe's rock and looks at it. 
 Martha: If the green meteor rocks affect Clark physically, maybe the red affects him...emotionally. 
 Jonathan: (Handing the rock back to Pete) It would sure explain his personality changes. 
 Martha: The longer he's exposed to the green meteors, the worse he gets… If the same is true with the red rocks, then God help us all. 
 Jonathan: (Determined) We've got to find him and we've got to get that ring back. 
 Martha: (Frustrated) Well, how are we going do that? Like you said, if he doesn't want to do something, we're not strong enough to force him! 
 Jonathan: Sweetheart, I don't know, but we have to figure out a way. 
 Martha sighs, and both Kents look to Pete, silently asking if he has any ideas. Pete looks on thoughtfully. 
 Cut to a shot inside Lex's study. He's standing with his back to the door, looking between some file folders and his laptop. The door opens and Clark, clad in a long black duster coat much like Lex wears, enters the office. 
 Clark: (Looking around at the changes) Well, I came to shoot some pool, but it looks like this establishments been closed. 
 Lex tosses some files on his desk, his back still to Clark. 
 Lex: (Dryly) My father's presence has required...certain sacrifices. 
 Clark: Why don't you throw him out? 
 Lex: Clark, it's not like the thought hasn't occurred to me, but... 
 Lex pauses for a second in surprise as he turns around and takes in Clark's new appearance. 
 Lex: (Continuing)...his blindness changes the situation. 
 Clark crosses the office to stand next to Lex 
 Clark: (Unsympathetically) Just because your father has a problem doesn't mean he needs to ruin your life. 
 Lex: (Wryly) I wasn't aware that a two thousand dollar coat came with a backbone. What's going on? 
 Clark: I'd like to borrow the Ferrari. I've got a hot date tonight and I want to… Rock her world. 
 Lex: (Amused) 'Rock her world'? 
 Clark just nods. 
 Lex: Ah, so Lana at last. 
 Clark: (Smoothly) Well, like you said, a man needs to know when to make his move. 
 Lex: Hey, I'm glad you're finally acting on your feelings, but... Lana's never struck me as the kind of girl to be impressed by a Ferrari. 
 Clark: (Indicating the surroundings) Fast cars, fancy home, and a ton of money never seemed to hurt you, did it? 
 Lex smiles, acknowledging the truth in Clark's words. 
 Clark: Come on Lex. I just want to make tonight special. 
 Lex: I don't know. It's a very expensive piece of machinery, difficult to handle. 
 Clark: (Dryly) It's not like I'm going to, uh...drive it off a bridge. 
 Lex stares at Clark. 
 Clark: All you have to ask yourself is, who's more responsible than Clark Kent? 
 Lex simply studies Clark's face seriously, as Clark flashes him a grin. 
 Cut to a shot of Clark zooming down the road at a high rate of speed in Lex's red Ferrari. 
 Cut to a shot of the interior of a seedy bar. It's dark, and the rockish country music blares loudly. As we pan over the bar, we see it's fairly crowded, with people packing the dance floor and surrounding the bar. As we pan past the entrance, we see Clark, clad in a tight sleeveless black muscle shirt, entering the bar, a huge smile on his face. As he rounds the corner of the bar, we see Lana, dressed a bit more conservatively than most of the bar's female patrons, in front of Clark, his hands on her shoulders guiding her forward. She looks around, less enthused than Clark. 
 Clark: (Happily) This place is great! 
 Lana: (Unsure) I guess. Not exactly what I was expecting. 
 As the two walk past the bar, two college age guys turn and eye Lana appreciatively, being very obvious about their actions, commenting to each other about Lana's assets. Clark notices, and with an angry look on his face, steps threateningly toward the men 
 Clark: (Aggressively) What are you looking at? 
 Lana: (Stepping between Clark and the men) Clark, I'm fine! I'm fine. 
 Lana gives the men a look, and pushes Clark away from them. The two men give Clark looks like they want to fight, but Lana turns Clark around before he can see it. 
 Clark grins widely as he looks out at everyone around them having fun. 
 Clark: (To Lana) You want a beer? 
 Lana: (Shocked) What?! No! And since when do you drink? 
 Clark: Well, if you don't want to drink, then let's dance! 
 Clark tries to drag Lana out on the dance floor, but she resists. 
 Lana: (Pleading) Clark, this place isn't us. Let's go somewhere else and talk. 
 Jessie: (Offscreen) I'll take that dance, Clark. 
 Clark turns and gets a seductive smile on his face as he sees Jessie standing there in a short red dress with spaghetti straps, her hair piled messily on top of her head. 
 Clark: (Impressed) Whoa! 
 Jessie: And I took your advice Lana. I checked out the Talon. 
 Lana: (Annoyed) Yeah? 
 Jessie: (Snidely) Yeah...that's why I decided to come here. 
 Clark just grins, amused and Lana looks at him, upset and offended. Clark continues to smile seductively at Jessie. 
 Lana: (Pulling on Clark's arm) Clark, come on, let's go. 
 Clark starts to turn to follow Lana, but as he does, Jessie reaches out and grabs his other hand. 
 Jessie: One dance. 
 Clark glances down at their clasped hands, as Jessie looks at him suggestively. Clark turns to Lana. 
 Clark: Lana, I'll be right back. 
 As Clark lets Jessie pull him out on the dance floor, Lana watches, looking very upset. Out on the dance floor, Jessie pulls Clark close and puts her arms around his neck. 
 Behind the bar, the bartender looks up and sees Jessie and Clark. He gets a look of recognition on his face, and pulls out the picture the Marshal gave to him, looking at it, then at Jessie as she dances seductively with Clark. 
 Jessie: So, do you like living in Smallville? 
 Clark: (Flatly) It's the only place I've ever lived. 
 The bartender continues to look from the picture to Jessie. 
 Jessie: (Coyly) Well, there's a big, bad world out there. The right person ought to show you. 
 Clark: (Also coyly) Anyone in mind? 
 Lana watches the exchange, growing more upset. Clark dips his head, moving to kiss Jessie. As he does so, Lana walks over to where Clark is dancing. 
 Lana: (Angrily) I'm leaving. 
 Clark: (Annoyed) Lana, we just got here. 
 Clark pulls a $100 bill from his pocket and holds it out to Lana 
 Clark: Why don't you, uh, go get us some drinks? We'll all have a good time. 
 Lana just stares, a look of disbelief mixed with anger on her face. 
 Lana: (Angry) You are unbelievable! What happened to telling the truth! 
 Clark: (Defiantly) What happened to 'You can spend time with whoever you want'? (Glances at Jessie) 
 Lana: (Upset) Is that the way you want it? 
 Clark looks Lana up and down. 
 Clark: Sure. There's enough of me to go around. 
 Lana just shakes her head, near tears. She turns to leave, and Clark grabs her arm. 
 Clark: Lana... 
 Lana yanks her arm out of Clark's grasp. As she does so, the two men who were eyeing her earlier move in. 
 Man 1: Is there a problem here? 
 Lana just stares at Clark, her eyes blazing with anger. 
 Lana: (Coldly) Not anymore. 
 Lana turns and leaves. Clark starts to follow, but is stopped as one of the men puts a hand on his chest. 
 Man 1: I'd let the lady go if I were you. 
 Clark looks down at the hand on his chest, and grins in amusement. He reaches out, and grabs each of the two men by the shirt. With a quick flip of his wrist, he sends both of them flying behind him. The men yell in surprise as they crash land into a couple of tables. Clark just laughs. Jessie looks on, both a little scared and a little impressed. 
 Behind the bar, the bartender reaches down and grabs a baseball bat. He comes out from behind the bar and starts for Clark. Clark sees him and watches with amusement as the bartender walks toward him, brandishing the bat. 
 Bartender: You're going down, smart guy. 
 Clark: I don't think so. 
 Clark focuses his vision on the bat, and waves of heat vision shoot from his eyes. The bat catches fire, and people begin to scream. 
 Bartender: (Scared, dropping the bat) Oh, jeez... 
 The bartender continues toward Clark, and pulls his fist back, preparing to punch Clark. Clark simply catches the man's fist with his own hand, and grabs the bartender by the throat. Another man comes up behind Clark and smashes a barstool across his back. It has no effect on Clark, as he casually lets go of the bartender, and throws the other man across the room. Clark stands up, glaring defiantly at the other patrons of the bar. 
 Clark: (Challengingly) Anybody else? 
 Jessie looks around in fear, then runs over and grabs Clark's hand. 
 Jessie: I can't be here when the cops get here. We got to go. 
 Clark: (Suggestively) Yeah...let's go pack our bags, see that big bad world you were talking about. 
 Clark strides out of the bar, pulling Jessie along behind him. 
 Cut to a shot of a barn door opening up to a bright sunny day. From Clark's POV, we see Martha and Jonathan approaching, walking behind the red Ferrari parked next to the barn. Clark exits the barn, carrying two packed bags. 
 Martha: (Worriedly) Where were you all night? We looked everywhere, Clark! 
 Clark: (Walking to the car) Last night was the best night of my life. 
 Martha: We want to help you. 
 Clark scoffs as he tosses the bags into the Ferrari's trunk. 
 Clark: Help me. Help me what? Stay here on the farm, doing chores, wasting my life for a $20 a week allowance? 
 Jonathan: Clark, I wish you could hear yourself for just a minute. There's something very wrong with you. It's that ring. 
 Clark glances up. 
 Clark: You're still upset about me buying this stupid thing? How pathetic. 
 Jonathan: Clark... 
 Jonathan makes a grab for the ring, but Clark quickly jerks his hand away. 
 Clark: (Threateningly) You really don't want to touch me. 
 Martha looks shocked by Clark's tone. 
 Jonathan: Then why don't you just hand it to me then? 
 Martha: (Pleadingly) Clark, please. It isn't the ring itself. Chloe found out it's made out of red meteor rock. 
 Jonathan: You know how the green rock makes you sick? Well, we think that this red rock is affecting your mind. 
 Clark looks at his ring, then looks up at Jonathan, puzzled. 
 Jonathan: It's changed your personality Clark. 
 Clark: (Confused) Everything I've been doing and saying is because of this? (Indicates the ring) 
 Jonathan: That's right. That's why you've got to take that thing off right away. 
 Clark: (Scoffing) Take it off? I just wish I would have found it sooner! Hey, if you guys want to waste your life in this mud hole, that's your problem. I'm through being poor. 
 Clark slams the Ferrari's trunk shut and walks around the car toward the drivers side. 
 Jonathan: (Angry) Listen, we might not have all the things that other people have, but I didn't think our family was about that! 
 Clark: With my abilities, I can make millions. Sports, TV--it's all waiting for me. You're the ones who have been forcing me to hide who I really am. 
 Clark opens the car door, but Jonathan reaches over and slams it shut before Clark can climb inside. 
 Jonathan: (Angry) No! We are the ones who have been trying to protect you. We don't want anybody coming here and taking you away! 
 Clark: (Coldly) Protecting me? Using me. I'm just another piece of equipment to keep your little farm going. 
 Clark climbs inside the Ferrari and starts the engine. 
 Clark: That's all gonna change. 
 With that, Clark throws the car in gear and tears out of the driveway, leaving the Kents standing in a cloud of dust. 
 Cut to a shot of Lex inside his study. He's looking at his laptop screen, his brow furrowed as he works. Clark enters, and Lex glances up as Clark strides toward the desk. 
 Clark: (Briskly) Lex. If it's all right with you, I'm going to keep the Ferrari a little bit longer. I'll send it back when I get myself set up. 
 Lex: (Confused) Whoa, whoa, whoa, slow down. Clark, what's going on? 
 Clark settles down in a leather recliner next to Lex's desk, sighing in relaxation as he puts his feet up. 
 Clark: I left home. 
 Lex: (Concerned) What happened? Was it a fight with your folks? 
 Clark: (Firmly) My parents don't understand me. Truth is, there's nothing left for me here in Smallville. 
 Lex studies Clark for a second. 
 Lex: What about Lana? 
 Clark: (Dismissive) She's old news. I've got a new girl. Jessie. 
 Lex: Kinda sudden, isn't it? 
 Clark: (Sharply) Look, you're the one always telling me I need to find my destiny. Well, one thing is for certain, it's not here in Kansas! 
 Lex: (Dryly) So you just packed your stuff and you're off. 
 Clark sits up and turns to look at Lex. 
 Clark: (Intensely) You have no idea what I'm capable of. 
 Lex studies Clark with curiosity. 
 Lex: Really. Why don't you fill me in? 
 Clark just stares at Lex, before getting out of the seat. 
 Clark: (Studying his ring) Let's just say, that when I'm through showing the world what I can do, I'll have everything I've ever wanted. I may be even richer than you. 
 Lex just smiles wryly at that idea. 
 Lex: Maybe you're right to get away from your folks. Maybe I should do the same. 
 Clark turns to look at Lex, as Lex gets up from behind his desk and walks toward Clark. 
 Lex: (Continuing) If my father wants the mansion so much, he can have it. I never wanted to live in Smallville anyway. 
 Clark: You can come with me. 
 Lex: Nobody's using the penthouse in Metropolis. We can stay there. 
 Clark: (Nodding) Clark Kent and Lex Luthor. I like the sound of that. 
 Lex: Let me just tie up some loose ends at the office. Make yourself at home. I'll be right back. 
 Lex leaves and Clark watches him go. 
 Cut to a shot of the Talon. Chloe enters, with a slightly upset look on her face. She walks over to Lana, who is restocking the pastry displays on the counter. 
 Chloe: Hey. 
 Lana: (warmly) Hey! 
 Chloe pauses, then decides to plunge right in. 
 Chloe: So I heard from a source that you had a big date with *Clark* last night. 
 Lana: I wouldn't call it a date when the guy you came with leaves with someone else. 
 Chloe: Wow. You just went from the gossip column to page one. 
 Lana just gives Chloe a look that says she's still upset about the whole thing. 
 Chloe: Sorry. Sometimes my glib-o-meter goes into overdrive. 
 Lana smiles at Chloe, accepting her apology. 
 Lana: No. I guess, you know, he's so secretive. I guess I was thrown for a loop by the Clark who could say all the things that the old Clark couldn't. 
 Chloe: (Amused) Well, welcome to the conundrum that is Clark Kent--part knight in shining armor, part 'Where did that come from?' 
 A man offscreen calls out to Lana. 
 US Marshal: Miss? Can I get a refill here? 
 Lana turns to look at the customer. 
 Lana: Uh, yeah, yeah, just a second. 
 Lana quickly finishes stocking the pastries. 
 US Marshal: Thanks. 
 We cut to a shot of the man asking for a refill. It's the US marshal who is chasing Jessie and her father. He is dialing a number on his cell phone as Lana approaches with a pot of coffee. 
 Lana: Here you go. 
 The marshal nods in acknowledgement, then continues with his call. 
 US Marshal: Louise, did you get an owner and an address on that license plate I asked you to run? 
 Lana walks away after refilling his cup. 
 US Marshal: Oh. Of course I know who he is. Thanks. You're an angel. 
 The marshal reaches down and scribbles something on a piece of paper. 
 Cut to a shot inside the Kent barn. Pete is pacing back and forth, upset and agitated. 
 Pete: Are you sure this is the right thing to do, Mr. Kent? 
 Jonathan: (Putting a hand on Pete's shoulder) Pete, Clark would not listen to reason. We don't have much of a choice here. 
 Pete just sighs and nods in agreement 
 Pete: (Resignedly) I guess there's only one way to stop the unstoppable. 
 Jonathan nods reassuringly. Off screen, Lex's voice interrupts them. 
 Lex: Excuse me. Mr. Kent. 
 Jonathan and Pete turn to see Lex standing in the doorway of the barn. 
 Jonathan: (To Pete) Pete, why don't you--why don't you get going. 
 Pete glances at Lex, then leaves the barn through the opposite door, as Jonathan starts toward Lex. 
 Jonathan: Uh, Lex, this is really not a very good time. 
 Lex: (Walking toward Jonathan) I understand you and Clark have been having some problems. 
 Jonathan: (Attempting to be civil) Yeah, look, I don't want to be rude, but I'd prefer it if you'd stay out of my family's problems. 
 Lex: (Sincerely) Believe me, Mr. Kent, I'm not trying to pry, but Clark's my friend. I'd hate to see his relationship with you fall apart. 
 Jonathan: I appreciate your concern, but Clark and I can work this out. 
 Lex: (Unconvinced) Then why is Clark hiding out at the mansion? 
 Jonathan just looks at Lex with surprise. 
 
 
 
 Cut to a shot of pool balls. We pull back and see Clark leaning over Lex's pool table, lining up his shot. We hear the tapping of a cane approaching. Clark looks over his shoulder and sees Lionel, feeling his way into the office. Clark turns back to the pool table and takes a shot. Pool balls scatter as the rack breaks. The sound catches Lionel's attention as he realizes he's not alone. 
 Lionel: Lex? Is that you? 
 Clark places the pool cue back onto the table and walks over to Lionel. He reaches over and grabs the sunglasses off Lionel's face, and Lionel steps back in shock and fear. 
 Lionel: Hey! 
 Lionel brings his cane up and starts swinging it wildly in front of him in an attempt to strike the intruder. Clark easily dodges the cane. 
 Clark: (Laughing) Whoa, hey! 
 Lionel: What do you want? 
 Clark tries on Lionel's sunglasses. 
 Clark: (Dismissive) Lionel, go back to your room. Better yet, pack your bags and get the hell out. 
 Lionel: (Shocked) I beg your pardon? 
 Clark: (Taking off the sunglasses) Lex may be too afraid to tell you, but I'm not. No one in Smallville wants you here. 
 Lionel: (Intrigued) You seem to know a lot about me. You got a name? 
 Clark: Clark Kent. 
 Lionel: (Disbelieving) Jonathan and Martha Kent's son? 
 Clark nods, annoyed. 
 Lionel: (Continuing) As far as I know, they're good people. Salt of the earth. I'm astonished they'd raise such a blatantly aggressive offspring. 
 Clark: (Sarcastically) Well, if you like them so much, I'm sure they'll put you up. I hear they have a spare bedroom, and I, uh, know they could use the cash. 
 Lionel: (Chuckling) You've got a lot to learn about tact, young man. But you speak your mind. That's good. It'll take you far. 
 Clark: (Confidently) Oh, I'm going to the top. 
 A knock sounds on the study door, and it opens. The US Marshal steps in. 
 US Marshal: Mr. Luthor? 
 Lionel: (Turning toward the voice) Yes? 
 US Marshal: I apologize for the interruption. (Opens his jacket, showing his badge) I'm a federal marshal. Your people at the gate let me in. 
 Lionel: Ah. What can I do for you? 
 US Marshal: Well, this young man was seen last night leaving the scene of a disturbance in your son's Ferrari. 
 Lionel: (Dryly, to Clark) Oh, is that while you were on your way to the top? 
 US Marshal: Where can I find this girl. 
 The marshal pulls out the picture of Jessie and shows it to Clark. 
 Clark: (Flatly) I've never seen her before. 
 Clark watches as the marshal pulls out his gun and clicks off the safety. Lionel gets a look of surprise on his face as he hears the click. 
 Clark: (Amused) Is that supposed to scare me? 
 In a burst of superspeed, Clark rushes over, grabs the gun out of the marshal's hands, and aims it at him...all in the blink of an eye. The marshal puts his hands up. 
 US Marshal: (Shocked) How'd you do that? 
 Clark: (Backing away with the gun) You've got no idea who you're dealing with. 
 Lionel looks around in confusion, trying to follow the sounds of the voices. 
 Clark smirks, and holds out his hand, palm up. He aims the gun at his palm and fires three shots into his hand. 
 Lionel: (Concerned) What's happening? Who's shooting? 
 The marshal looks on in shock as Clark opens his palm. It's blackened from the gunpowder. 
 Clark: Don't worry Lionel. He missed. 
 Clark turns his hand and lets the bullets, their tips smashed from the high impact, fall from his unblemished palm and onto the floor. 
 Lionel: I'll call security. 
 As Lionel shuffles from the room and out a side door, the marshal makes a break for the exit. Clark superspeeds over, moving the pool table and pinning the marshal against the wall with it. 
 Clark: Why are you looking for Jessie? 
 US Marshal: (Scared) It's not the girl. It's her father. They were witness protection, and they rabbited. 
 Clark: (Walking toward the marshal) Why? 
 US Marshal: (Scared) He's a corporate whistle blower. His former employer offered me a million dollars if I could get the evidence from Jessie's dad. 
 Clark: (Casually tossing a pool ball) What kind of evidence? 
 US Marshal: Computer disks, accounting files, memos...endless smoking guns. Look, we can split it. It's enough money to start a whole new life. 
 Clark leans in and puts his hand on the marshal's shoulder and speaks in a conspiratorial tone. 
 Clark: It's a great idea...but who needs you? 
 Clark uses his palm to knock the marshal on the forehead. The marshal slumps over the pool table, unconscious. 
 Cut to a shot of a door. A knock sounds on the door, and Jessie goes to answer it. She opens it to find Clark standing on her front porch, a serious look on his face. 
 Jessie: (Jokingly) I thought you'd forgotten about me. Ready to go? 
 Clark enters the house. 
 Clark: Almost. I know about your father Jessie, and the disks. We're not going anywhere until I have them. 
 Jessie looks around fearfully as Clark looks at her with an impatient expression. 
 Jessie moves away from the door. 
 Jessie: I don't understand. Why are you doing this? 
 Clark: (Matter of factly) The money. You said that you wanted to leave this hick town and a million dollars is more than enough money to make a fresh new start. 
 Jessie: (Pleading) If I give you those disks, then my dad is a dead man! 
 A voice offscreen from behind Clark interrupts them. 
 US Marshal: He was a dead man when he started running. 
 Clark turns around to see the marshal standing in the door, gun drawn. 
 Clark: (Annoyed) Didn't I tell you that I didn't want to split? 
 US Marshal: You need me kid. I know the players, and I know how to get the money. 
 Clark considers this. 
 US Marshal: (Continuing) Now give him the disks, Jessica! 
 Clark turns back to Jessie with a "You'd better do as he says" expression on his face. The marshal aims the gun at Jessie. Suddenly, a shot rings out, hitting the marshal in the chest. He collapses to the ground, dead. Clark and Jessie look over and see Mr. Brooks hiding in the stairway, gun drawn. Clark looks at the marshal's body in confusion, while Mr. Brooks comes down the stairs. He stands next to Jessie trembling, aims the gun at Clark. Clark turns around in surprise. 
 Mr. Brooks: (Scared) I don't want to hurt you, son. But I will. Get out. 
 Clark: (Annoyed) Just like my dad. Always telling me what to do. (Slowly walks toward Mr. Brooks) I don't listen to him. What makes you think I'm going to listen to you? 
 Clark reaches out and grabs the gun from Mr. Brooks's hands. Jessie flinches in fear. Clark walks up to Mr. Brooks and leans in. 
 Clark: (Conversationally) Where are the disks? 
 Mr. Brooks just looks at Clark. Clark turns and begins to walk around the room. 
 Clark: In the floorboards? In the ceiling? (Points to a chest of drawers) In here? 
 Clark punches through one of the drawers, shattering the wood into splinters. Jessie reaches over and grabs her bag. She takes one last look at her dad, and runs out the door. Clark rips the demolished drawer out, and tosses it on the floor. 
 Clark: It really doesn't matter. I'll figure it out one way or another. 
 Clark picks up the TV from the top of the chest and throws it across the room at Mr. Brooks, who dives out of the way. The TV explodes in a shower of sparks. Clark walks over to where Mr. Brooks is laying on the floor, and picks him up by the collar. Clark throws him against the wall and begins lifting him up by the throat, choking him. 
 Clark: (Coldly) So why don't you save yourself a lot of pain and make it sooner? 
 Mr. Brooks: (Gasping) You can kill me, you can tear this house to the ground you won't find those disks. 
 Clark stares at him, and a look of realization crosses his face. 
 Clark: Jessie. 
 Cut to a shot of Jessie running panicked, through a cornfield. She glances back every so often to see if she's being followed. As she glances back, she runs straight into Clark, who has suddenly appeared in front of her. She bounces off him and falls to the ground, groaning as she falls. Clark looks on with an amused expression. 
 Jessie struggles up into a sitting position, and Clark squats down so he is on her eye level. 
 Jessie: (Pleading) Please don't do this. 
 Clark simply picks up her bag and rips it open, pulling out the disks. 
 Clark: (Holding up the disks) I never realized how easy it would be to get everything I've ever wanted. 
 From behind Clark come the sounds of footsteps. 
 Pete: (Off screen) Clark! 
 Clark: Pete? 
 Clark stands up and turns to face Pete, looking amused. 
 Clark: What, did it take the whole study group to find me? 
 Pete: (Seriously) No. Lionel Luthor heard you mention Jessie. (Over Clark's shoulder to Jessie) Jessie run! 
 Jessie reaches up and grabs the bags and the disks from Clark's hands before taking off through the field. Clark makes no move to stop her. 
 Clark: How far is she going to get Pete? (Threateningly, as he steps closer to Pete) You know no one can get away from me. 
 Jonathan: (From behind Clark) Clark! 
 Clark turns around, annoyed, and sees Jonathan, brandishing a sledgehammer. 
 Jonathan: I'm not going to let you hurt anybody else. 
 Clark: (Matter of factly) Still trying to tell me what to do. 
 Clark cocks his head and peers at Jonathan, walking slowly toward him. 
 Clark: (Curiously) Are you scared? 
 Jonathan doesn't answer, but just grips the sledgehammer tighter. 
 Clark: (Dryly) Then again, you and mom were always afraid of me. 
 Jonathan: No. We've had nothing but love for you. That makes what I'm about to do all that more difficult. 
 Clark just stares at his father. 
 Jonathan: Pete, do it. 
 Clark turns around toward Pete, and looks down as Pete brings a lead box from behind his back. Pete opens it, and inside are several green meteor rocks. Clark falls to his knees, looking up at Pete with fear. 
 Clark: (Weakly) Pete... 
 Pete: (Apologetic) Clark, I'm sorry. 
 Clark falls to the ground on his hands and knees, wincing from pain. 
 Jonathan: Clark! 
 Clark looks up, an expression of pure anger on his face. He forms a fist, and attempts to swing at his father. As he does do, Jonathan swings the sledgehammer down. As Clark's fist rises through the air, the sledgehammer makes contact with his class ring, shattering it to pieces, which flies everywhere. Clark collapses to the ground with a cry and a gasp. 
 Jonathan instantly drops the sledgehammer and rushes over to Clark, while Pete quickly closes the lead box and does the same. Jonathan gathers Clark into his arms, while Clark looks around in confusion. 
 Clark: (Fuzzily) Dad? 
 Jonathan: (Hugging Clark) It's Okay, son. It's alright. 
 Pete pats Clark's shoulder, making sure he's Okay. 
 Pete: You okay, man? 
 Jonathan: (Gratefully) Thanks, Pete. 
 Pete just nods and looks at Clark. 
 Cut to a hallway inside Luthor Mansion. Lionel is walking down the large hall, using his cane to guide himself. He hears noises coming from Lex's study, and we see several people walking out, carrying boxes. 
 Lionel: Who is that? Wh-what's going on? 
 Lionel enters the office. We see workers scattered about, removing all the changes Lionel had made. 
 Lionel: Lex? What's going on in here? (Taps his cane over some shelving units that are being removed) Wha--I didn't order any more work to be done! 
 We see Lex, standing in front of his desk with his back to his father. He turns around, holding two snifters of brandy. 
 Lex: I'm putting the office back the way it was. (Holds a glass out to Lionel) Have a drink, Dad. 
 Lionel follows the sound of Lex's voice and steps toward him. He touches Lex's arm with his free hand, and follows the line of Lex's arm down to Lex's hand, and takes the glass. Lionel swirls the contents of the glass, bringing the snifter up to his nose and inhaling deeply 
 Lionel: That's Armagnac, 1963? 
 Lionel takes a long swallow from the snifter. 
 Lionel: Mmm... My favorite. 
 Lex smiles at his father. 
 Lex: There was a time when I thought our taste in brandy was the only thing we had in common. 
 Lionel: And now? 
 Lex: I've been thinking about the months after the meteor shower. The way people looked at me...a bald headed boy, thinking I was a freak... 
 Lionel: (Exasperated) Oh, please Lex, not another tale of your tortured youth and how I--how I failed you as a father... 
 Lex: (Interrupting) Actually, you gave me some excellent advice. You told me to stop feeling sorry for myself. These were the cards fate had dealt me, and it was best that I accept it and move on. 
 Lex pauses for a moment, then looks directly at Lionel. 
 Lex: (Firmly) Stop acting like your blindness gives you an excuse for self-pity. 
 Lionel looks offended, then swallows harshly. 
 Lionel: So the son becomes the father. 
 Lex: (Amused) No Dad. 
 Lex turns his back on his father as he talks, walking back behind his desk and taking a seat. 
 Lex: I'm through indulging you like a child. My office remains my office. You don't like it, leave. 
 Lionel: (Raising his glass to Lex) Well, it seems I have done a better job of raising you than I thought. (Pauses thoughtfully) Or perhaps, you've finally learned the value of directness from your friend, Clark Kent. 
 At the mention of Clark's name, Lex looks quickly at his father, his face an unreadable mask. 
 Lionel: (Gazing off into the distance) He's a very interesting young man... 
 As he talks, Lionel reaches into his pocket, pulling out the three smashed bullets. He runs his fingers over them, lost in thought. 
 Cut to a shot of the Kent kitchen. The door opens, and Clark comes in from outside. 
 Martha: Hi. 
 Clark: Hey. 
 The camera pans over and we see Jonathan setting the table for dinner. Martha approaches carrying a large platter and Jonathan takes it from her. 
 Jonathan: (Setting the platter on the table) Here... 
 Martha: Thanks. 
 Jonathan holds a chair out for Martha before taking a seat, while Clark lingers in the kitchen. 
 Clark: I went by Jessie's. They've completely cleared out. 
 Martha: (Unfolding her napkin) Well, maybe they've stopped running and have gone to the authorities. 
 Clark nods. 
 Clark: I just hope she's alright. 
 Martha looks at Jonathan, who is being uncharacteristically silent. Clark notices the silence too, and looks at his father for a moment, before dropping his gaze in embarrassment. 
 Clark: (Apologetically) You know, Dad, the things that I did and I said... I really didn't mean 'em. 
 Jonathan: (Sighing matter of factly) Clark, the red meteor rocks might have affected your personality, but... we've got to face it, those feelings all came from somewhere. 
 Martha just sighs. 
 Jonathan: (Continuing) Now, I know compared to Lex, we don't have a whole lot around here, but, up until now, I never really thought it bothered you. 
 Clark: (Honestly) Maybe it does. 
 Jonathan just nods, refusing to look at Clark. 
 Clark: (Walking to the table) Sometimes. (Puts his hand on Martha's shoulder, looking down at her lovingly) And then I remember what's really important, and none of that stuff matters. 
 Martha, reaches up and puts her hand over Clark's, smiling at Jonathan. 
 Clark: (Sincerely) No matter how crazy I got, you two stood by me, and that's something all the money in the world can't buy. 
 Jonathan nods in understanding, and gives Martha a small, proud smile. Clark crosses over to take his seat, patting Jonathan's shoulder as he passes him. Jonathan reaches out and holds Martha's hand before turning to Clark. 
 Jonathan: But still, it was a very close call, son. 
 Clark: (Worriedly) I know. When I put that ring on, I felt this sudden urge to tell the world my secret--Lex, Lana, Jessie... 
 Martha: (Reassuringly) But you didn't, Clark. 
 Clark: I know, but the feelings are still there. It's like I have these two different identities, and I don't know which one's the real me. 
 Martha: The real you is the one who came back to us, and we never had any doubt that you would. 
 Clark just looks at his parents, smiling in relief as they look on him proudly. Jonathan reaches over and puts his hand over Clark's, grasping it tightly. 
 Cut to a shot of Lana riding her horse through a field. As she approaches the fence we see Clark walking up toward her, clutching a small bunch of wildflowers in his hands. 
 Clark: Nell told me you were riding. This is one of your favorite places...it's pretty. (Sheepishly) I-I got a little lost along the way, but here I am. 
 Lana: (Flatly, indicating the flowers) Those for me? 
 Clark: Yeah. I wanted to apologize. I was hoping maybe we could be friends. Like we were before? 
 Lana: (Nodding) Hmm. So you thought that if you brought me flowers, I'd pretend like nothing happened? 
 Clark: (Sincerely) You have to believe me, alright? The things I said, the way I was acting...that, that wasn't me. 
 Lana: (A little angry) Even the part where you said you had feelings for me? 
 Clark just looks at her, unsure how to explain. 
 Clark: Lana... 
 Lana: (Interrupting) Clark, you can't have it both ways. Either it was you, or it wasn't. 
 Clark just looks at Lana, and sighs. 
 Clark: (Sadly) I wish I could explain but I can't. 
 Lana: (Hurt) The story of your life. 
 Clark pauses, then tries again. 
 Clark: (Chuckling nervously) Lana...I really am sorry. 
 Lana: (Honestly) I know you are. (Shakes her head) It's not enough anymore. 
 Clark looks at her, stunned by the finality of her words. 
 Lana: (A bit dismissive) Think you can find your way home? 
 Clark: (Sadly) Hope so. 
 Lana simply nods slightly, then turns her horse away from the fence. She lets her horse loose in a gallop, and speeds away from Clark, who stands at the fence watching her leave, wearing a morose expression on his face. 
 End of show. 
 ************************************************************************* 
 This Episode of Smallville featured music by: 
 "It's Time To Party" by Andrew W.K. 
 "Breakable" by Fisher 
 "Breathe In" by Frou Frou 
 "Tattoos" by Jackpot 
 "Stop Crying Your Heart Out" by Oasis 
 "Unexpected" by Sprung Monkey 
 "American Made" by Sprung Monkey 
 ******************************************************************************** 
 Transcribed by: Shannen 
 Betaed by: Aaron 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 