Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x02 - Metamorphosis - Smallville 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x02 - Metamorphosis https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=25&t=4665 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/05/02 03:05 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x02 - Metamorphosis 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Episode #102 - "Metamorphosis"  
 Original airdate: October 23, 2001  
 Written by Alfred Gough & Miles Millar 
 Directed by Michael Watkins and Philip Sgriccia 
 Act 1 Teaser  
 We see a boy sitting in a tree with a video camera. Night.  
 CUT TO Lana in her room after a dance. She takes off her tiara and puts it in a drawer full of crowns, ribbons, and trophies. She sees a gold box on her bed. She opens it and butterflies fly out. We see the boy watching this through his camera.  
 CUT TO the boy getting into a his car and driving home. At home, he peeks around the corner of the living room and sees a video of Lana playing on the television. His mom is there.  
 Mother: Is this what you do with your time now, Greg? (She has a handful of tapes.)  
 Greg: Where did you get those?  
 Mother: Oh, you've got a lot of nerve talking to me about privacy. I am in the garden club with Lana's aunt. How am I going to face Nell knowing that my own son is creeping around videotaping her niece? Is that where you were tonight?  
 Greg: No, I was out collecting.  
 Mother: Two disgusting habits.  
 Greg: Insects aren't disgusting, mom.  
 Mother: Look what has become of you, Greg. This isn't you.  
 Greg: People change.  
 Mother: Really? Monday morning, I am phoning Claremont Military Academy.  
 Greg: Yeah right, Mom.  
 Mother: No, Greg. I've had it with your behavior. This time I'm making the call.  
 Greg: Hey, who's gonna take care of my bugs?  
 CUT TO Greg in his room. He has dozens of tanks full of insects. He reaches into his backpack and pulls out a jar full of fireflies giving off a green glow.  
 Greg: Don't worry, guys. I'm going to take you somewhere safe.  
 We see him driving out of Smallville, his car filled with his bug tanks. He takes a sharp turn and one of the tanks breaks, letting green fireflies and many other bugs loose. He starts slapping at them as they swarm over him.  
 Greg: No! No! Ah! Aah! (He crashes into a telephone pole and we hear him continue to scream)  
 Back to his room where we hear his mother knocking on the door.  
 Mother: Greg? Where have you been?  
 She comes in and sees that all the tanks are gone and he isn't there. She leaves. We pan up to see Greg on the ceiling looking down. He has bug bites all over.  
 (Opening credits)  
 We see the landscape of Smallville going by from above. Night. We come to Lana's house, go through the window and stop above her asleep in bed. We have been seeing all of this from Clark's point of view as we now see him floating above her bed. She opens her eyes.  
 Lana: It's all your fault, Clark.  
 Martha: (From the other room.) Clark! (He wakes up floating above his bed. He falls) Clark, we're leaving for the farmer's market in 15 minutes and you haven't done your chores yet.  
 The farmer's market. Day. Clark picks up a sign that says “Kent Organic Produce” and puts it up outside his parents' booth. When no one is watching, he pushes the nail through it with his thumb. Lana and Whitney approach.  
 Chloe: All hail the Homecoming king and queen.  
 Lana: Clark, I didn't see you at the dance last night.  
 Clark: Oh, I was... (Looks at Whitney) A little tied up.  
 Jonathan: (To Whitney) Hey. Congratulations. That was one heck of a game. I haven't seen an offense that good since I played.  
 Whitney: Thank you, Mr. Kent.  
 Clark: I'm going to get the rest of the boxes out of the trunk.  
 Whitney: I'll help.  
 Jonathan: Lana. (Hands her an apple)  
 Lana: Thank you.  
 CUT TO Clark and Whitney on the way to the truck.  
 Whitney: Kent, you realize last night was just a joke, right? Hey, I need that necklace back.  
 Clark: I don't have it.  
 Whitney: Look, it's Lana's favorite so...  
 Clark: So then you better go out to that cornfield and find it. (Walks away)  
 CUT TO Lana looking at a butterfly mobile. Greg walks up behind her.  
 Greg: Beautiful isn't it?  
 Lana: Greg. Hey, I didn't recognize you without your glasses.  
 Greg: Did you know the average butterfly only lives for eight hours?  
 Lana: The fast die young. They're the rock stars of the insect world.  
 Greg: Hey, Lana, I was wondering if you would help me with my Lit paper.  
 Lana: Nathaniel West assignment giving you brain freeze?  
 Greg: Yeah, it's kicking my ass.  
 Lana: Sure, okay.  
 Greg: Great. How about my house after school?  
 Lana: Library might be easier.  
 Greg: It's a date.  
 Whitney: Lana, your aunt's looking for you. (She goes) Hey, bug boy, do me a favor and quit tailing my girlfriend.  
 Greg: You afraid of a little competition, Whitney?  
 Whitney: We're not in competition, Greg. But if I find out you've been leaving butterflies in my girlfriend's bedroom, you'll know about it. (He leaves)  
 Greg: Yeah, well, just remember. Sometimes you're the windshield, and sometimes you're the bug.  
 CUT TO Clark watching Lana and Whitney leave as Lex walks up.  
 Lex: Can't knock your taste in women. You want to tell me what happened last night?  
 Clark: It was just a stupid prank.  
 Lex: You were tied to a stake in the middle of a field. Even the Romans saved that for special occasions. You could have died out there.  
 Clark: I appreciate your help. I just want to forget it ever happened.  
 Jonathan: Hey, Clark. What is the hold up, son?  
 Lex: Mr. Kent, it's good to see you. (Offers his hand. Jonathan shakes it)  
 Jonathan: Lex. (To Clark) Come on, we've got to finish up.  
 Clark: Okay, Dad. (Jonathan walks away)  
 Lex: At least I got a handshake this time. (Clark smiles and leaves)  
 Act 1 Scene 2  
 Whitney driving home in his truck. Day.  
 CUT TO Greg running up the side of a tree near the road with blurry speed. As Whitney drives by, Greg jumps on top of the truck and pounds on the roof. The driver's side window breaks and the truck tips onto its side knocking Whitney unconscious. Jonathan, Martha, and Clark drive up.  
 Martha: Oh, my God, Jonathan! (Clark gets out and runs to Whitney's truck which has started on fire. Jonathan grabs a fire extinguisher form his own truck. Clark pulls Whitney out)  
 Jonathan: Clark!  
 The truck explodes and Clark shields Whitney with his body. The flames engulf them.  
 Jonathan & Martha: Clark! Clark!  
 The smoke clears and Clark and Whitney are both okay. Jonathan touches Clark's back and it burns him.  
 Act 1 Scene 3  
 Jonathan and Clark on the Kents' front porch. Day.  
 Jonathan: Whitney's gonna be all right. He's got a couple of cuts and bruises but nothing serious.  
 Clark: Does he remember anything?  
 Jonathan: No. Just that something smashed his truck and he woke up in the ambulance.  
 Clark: You need to talk to Mom. I think I really freaked her out this time.  
 Jonathan: You also made her really proud, Clark.  
 Clark: Dad, something else happened to me this morning. When I woke up, I was... kind of floating.  
 Jonathan: Floating?  
 Clark: As soon as I woke up, I crashed. I mean, Dad what's happening to me?  
 Jonathan: I honestly don't know. As soon as you start breaking the law of gravity, we're definitely in uncharted territory.  
 Clark: I just wish it would stop.  
 Jonathan: Look, Clark, I'm your father. I'm supposed to have all the answers. It kills me that I don't, but you gotta have faith that we'll figure this thing out together.  
 Clark: I do, but this is happening to me and I'm scared. (He goes inside)  
 Act 1 Scene 4  
 Lex is in his study looking at Lana's necklace. Day. He goes to the desk and puts it in a small box.  
 Act 1 Scene 5  
 Lana riding a horse. Day. She rides back to the stable and gets off. Lex is waiting there.  
 Lex: Your form's good but his gait's off. You might want to check your shoes. Lex Luthor. I'm a friend of your aunt's.  
 Lana: Sneaking up like that. You're lucky you didn't get kicked.  
 Lex: You must be Lana. It's a pleasure to finally meat you.  
 Lana: We've already met.  
 Lex: I seriously doubt I'd forget meeting you.  
 Lana: You were a little preoccupied at the time.  
 Lex: I get the feeling I didn't make a great first impression.  
 Lana: When I was ten, I went to Metropolis for a riding competition,. Your father invited us to stay over. My aunt said you had an indoor pool. When I went to check it out, I found you and a girl skinny dipping. I think you were teaching her the breast stroke.  
 Lex: That was you? Wow. You're all grown up now. (Sees a case of ribbons, trophies, and plaques.) Very impressive.  
 Lana: It's tacky. But it makes my aunt happy.  
 Lex: (Pointing to a picture of her with her necklace.) That's a very unusual necklace.  
 Lana: Thanks. It's very special to me.  
 Lex: How come you're not wearing it?  
 Lana: I lent it to my boyfriend.  
 Lex: Lucky guy. What's his name?  
 Lana: Whitney Fordman.  
 Lex: The kid that Kent saved today?  
 Lana: I just came back from seeing him. He's lucky Clark was there.  
 Lex: I know the feeling. Kind of makes you wonder if you're with the right guy. One chucks footballs, the other helps save lives.  
 Lana: For someone who just moved into town, you've got a lot of opinions.  
 Lex: You just seem more interesting than that. While you're nursing your boyfriend back to health, ask him what he was doing before the big game.  
 Lana: He was with me.  
 Lex: Are you sure? Tell your aunt I stopped by. (He leaves)  
 Act 1 Scene 6  
 Greg's mother comes home and the thermostat says 103° F. Day.  
 Mother: Greg?! What's going on here? (Coming up the stairs) Greg? (She goes into his room) I have had-- (The room is full of spider webs. She turns around and Greg is there) What the hell has gotten into you?  
 Greg: About 2 million years of intelligence and instinct.  
 Mother: You stop this. Stop this right now.  
 Greg: I can't. See, it's too late. Nature's already taken it's course. First I'll eat, then I'll molt, then I'll mate.  
 Mother: You need help.  
 She goes to leave and he blocks the way  
 Greg: Hey, Mom? Did I ever tell you about the Pharaoh spider? It's a fascinating creature. See, after it hatches, it kills its mother. (He opens his mouth and webs come shooting out)  
 Fade to black.  
 Act 2 Scene 1  
 Clark is at Lex's castle looking at a model of an ancient city. Day. Lex enters.  
 Lex: Save any lives on the way over? You keep it up and you could make a career out of it.  
 Clark: I was just dropping off your produce. Sorry my parents gave you a hard time.  
 Lex: Ah, if push came to shove, I would have arm-wrestled them for it.  
 Clark: (Looking at the model) Planning an invasion?  
 Lex: My father gave this to me when I was nine.  
 Clark: Cool gift.  
 Lex: It wasn't a gift. It was a strategy tool. My father equates business with war. It's the battle of Troy. It started because two men were in love with the same woman, kind of like you and the quarterback. That's why he strung you up in that field, isn't it?  
 Clark: If we're at war, Whitney's pretty much won her.  
 Lex: You lost one battle, Clark. That's all. Besides, I don't believe Lana's as infatuated as you think.  
 Clark: They guy's captain of the football team. The whole town treats him like a god. Game over.  
 Lex: If you hadn't pulled him out of that truck, your problems would be solved. (Clark looks at him) I'm kidding of course. Don't worry, Clark. I've got your Trojan horse. (He takes the box with Lana's necklace in it off the fireplace. He opens it and Clark backs away) Clark, you okay?  
 Clark: Yeah, I'm fine. (Lex closes the box and Clark's pain stops) That's a cool box. What's it made of?  
 Lex: Lead. My mother bought it in a Kasbah in Morocco. A little guy told her it was made from the armor of St. George, the patron saint of boy scouts. She gave it to me before she died. I think she was trying to send me a message. (Offers it to Clark)  
 Clark: I can't take that.  
 Lex: What is it about Kents and gifts? It's yours. Hand it to Lana. Tell her what happened. Trust me, once she opens it, you'll win her heart. That necklace gives you the power. All you've got to do is use. it. (Clark takes it)  
 Act 2 Scene 2  
 Whitney and Lana at Whitney's locker. Day.  
 Lana: Where were you before the game on Saturday?  
 Whitney: Can we talk about this later?  
 Lana: It's a simple question, Whitney.  
 Whitney: I was warming up.  
 Lana: So you didn't grab Clark and hang him up in a field?  
 Whitney: Lana, it was just a prank.  
 Lana: Could I please have my necklace back?  
 Whitney: I lost it.  
 Lana: Were you planning on telling me? Or was that a prank too? (She walks away. She passes Greg on the stairs)  
 Greg: Lana, hey. I thought you'd forgotten. I've been waiting for like an hour. You remember the English paper?  
 Lana: Sorry, Greg. Something really important came up. Can we do it some other time?  
 She turns to go and he grabs her arm.  
 Greg: Hey, are you blowing me off for your boyfriend?  
 Lana: I'm not blowing you off. I need to see Clark.  
 Greg: Kent? So you'd rather spend time with him? Is he more important than me?  
 Lana: Greg, I can't talk about this right now. I have to go. (Walks away)  
 Act 2 Scene 3  
 Clark outside the farm with the lead box. Day. He opens it and his hand turns pale and the veins start to bulge. He closes the box and his hand turns to normal. He goes to the loft and Lana is there looking through the telescope. He hides the box under a blanket and walks up to join her.  
 Clark: Lana.  
 Lana: Your mom said I could wait up here. I hope you don't mind. This is an amazing place.  
 Clark: My dad built it. Calls it my fortress of solitude.  
 Lana: (Points at the telescope) I didn't know you were into astronomy.  
 Clark: Th-that's a hobby.  
 Lana: Did you know you can see my house from here?  
 Clark: (Innocently) No. Really? You know, we've lived a mile apart our whole lives and you've never come over.  
 Lana: And you‘re wondering what I'm doing here now.  
 Clark: Not that I don't enjoy the company, but yes, I was.  
 Lana: I found out about what Whitney did to you. The whole scarecrow thing and I came to apologize.  
 Clark: It's not your fault. Just forget about it.  
 Lana: I can't. He had no right to do that to you and you turn around and save his life.  
 Clark: I appreciate you coming over here, but you're not the one who should be apologizing.  
 Lana: I didn't come here to defend him. I came here to see you.  
 Clark: Who told you?  
 Lana: Lex Luthor. Dropped some bread crumbs and I followed the trail. I'm glad he did, Clark. He was just being a good friend. You're lucky. That's rare.  
 Clark: Oh, Lex is definitely one of a kind. What are you gonna do?  
 Lana: I'm not sure. I thought I knew Whitney. Now I wonder what else I've been blind to in my life. He even lost my favorite necklace.  
 Clark: Can't you get it replaced?  
 Lana: It sounds kind of weird, but it's made from a fragment of the meteor that killed my parents. Nell had it made. Gave it to me the day she officially adopted me and told me that life is about change. Sometimes it's painful, sometimes it's beautiful, but most of the time it's both. I better go. I'm glad you're okay, Clark.  
 Act 2 Scene 4  
 Greg is taking a shower. Day. He starts to scrub his neck and a chunk of skin falls to the floor. He continues to peel skin from this face, neck, and chest.  
 Act 2 Scene 5  
 Jonathan in the loft putting large blades on a mower. Night. Clark enters.  
 Clark: Need a hand, Dad?  
 Jonathan: Best idea I've heard all night. (Clark goes to help him and stops when he hears something. Greg jumps out of the shadows and on top of Clark. Clark throws him off.) Clark? (Jonathan comes up the stairs to join Clark) Hey, Clark. What happened? Are you all right?  
 Clark: There's someone in the rafters. (They both grab flashlights and begin to look around. Jonathan turns around, shining his light at Greg who pushes him over the railing)  
 Clark: Dad!  
 We see Jonathan falling in slow motion, heading straight for the blades. Clark jumps to the bottom floor and lies on the blades so that Jonathan lands on him.  
 Jonathan: What in the hell just happened?  
 Fade to black.  
 
 
 
 Act 3 Scene 1  
 Jonathan, Martha, and Clark in the loft later that night.  
 Jonathan: I never saw anybody move like that.  
 Martha: Did you get a look at his face?  
 Jonathan: He came right off the ceiling at me. It was almost as if he--  
 Clark: Wasn't entirely human? I saw his face. I think it was Greg Arkin.  
 Martha: That's a name I haven't heard in a long time. You and Pete used to hang out with him in grade school.  
 Jonathan: Why would he want to hurt you?  
 Clark: I don't know.  
 Martha: Are you still friends?  
 Clark: I pass him in the halls, but people change.  
 Martha: I remember his mother used to keep him on a short leash. But I can't believe he'd hurt a fly.  
 Clark: Maybe that's because he was too busy collecting them and every other bug he could get his hands on.  
 Jonathan: Clark, kids just don't leap off the ceiling and attack people.  
 Clark: (Pointing his flashlight at gooey green footprints on the ceiling) How do you explain that?  
 Jonathan: I don't know. Seems kind of out there.  
 Martha: This coming from the man who's been hiding a spaceship in his storm cellar for the last 12 years. (She leaves)  
 Jonathan: It's not that I don't want to believe you, Clark. It's just... I'm having trouble getting my head around this one.  
 Clark: Dad, do you ever wonder why all these weird things happen in Smallville?  
 Jonathan: Every town has its share of tall tales.  
 Clark: Except here they're all true. Chloe showed me this wall. It's covered with all these articles she collected about all the weird stuff that's happened Smallville since the meteor shower. It's all my fault.  
 Jonathan: Look, Clark, if you're talking about 50-pound tomatoes and two-headed calves, then I got a better explanation for you. LuthorCorp. I mean, Gold only knows what that fertilizer plant's been pumping out over the last 12 years.  
 Clark: LuthorCorp didn't kill Lana's parents.  
 Jonathan: Neither did you, son. You can't blame yourself for something you had no control over.  
 Clark: Dad, I know. I still feel responsible.  
 Jonathan: What happened to Lana's parents was a terrible tragedy. But no matter how many extraordinary gifts you have, you will never be able to change that.  
 Clark: Then how do I make this feeling go away?  
 Jonathan: You can't. But that's what makes you human.  
 Act 3 Scene 2  
 Clark and Chloe in the hall at school. Day.  
 Clark: Chloe.  
 Chloe: Hey.  
 Clark: Is Greg Arkin still the science reporter for the Torch?  
 Chloe: Well, if your definition of a reporter is someone who actually turns in articles, then no. Greg hasn't shown his face in the office for like week.  
 Clark: I've got to find him.  
 Chloe: What's the sudden interest in Greg? You coming out the entomology closet?  
 Clark: It's nothing. I'll catch up with you later.  
 Chloe: I hate it when you do that.  
 Clark: Do what?  
 Chloe: Just shut me out. It's like one minute you're here and then the next you're gone. Clark, you're not outgrowing me as a friend are you?  
 Clark: Chloe, I could never outgrow you. Other than vertically.  
 Chloe: It's amazing how fat that Kent charm will get you. Now, what' up with Greg?  
 Act 3 Scene 3  
 Clark and Chloe at the Torch. Day.  
 Chloe: I found an article about Amazonian tribesmen who took on the traits of the insects they'd been bitten by, but nothing as extreme as what you're talking about. Did you have any luck?  
 Clark: Only that Greg didn't move to Smallville until after the meteor shower, so he couldn't have been exposed to the blast.  
 Chloe: Yeah, but his bugs could have been. Think about it, Clark. Pieces of that meteor are still buried all over Smallville. The whole habitat's infected. So when boy catches bugs and bugs bite boy, you end up with... bug boy.  
 Clark: Look, Chloe, you can't even walk out your door in the summertime without being bitten by a mosquito. Why don't we have a whole town of bug people?  
 Chloe: Uh, because you need a certain level of toxins to cause mutation. Those Amazonian tribesmen were all attacked by swarms.  
 Clark: Greg did keep tanks of bugs in his room. Maybe they got sock of the view and stage a revolt.  
 Chloe: Well, according to this, bugs have a very short life cycle. So if he really has gone Kafka, let's hope he isn't in the mating phase.  
 Act 3 Scene 4  
 Clark, Chloe, and Pete looking in through a window at Greg's house. Day.  
 Chloe: It doesn't look like anyone's home.  
 Pete: The place is a mess. Remember what a neat freak Greg's mom was?  
 Clark: Yeah, she used to make us take off our shoes. One time I forgot and she yelled at me.  
 Chloe: Is that what broke up the friendship?  
 Clark: After 7th grade, Greg's parents got divorced and he just sopped calling after that.  
 Pete: Which sucked because he had a killer tree fort his dad built in the woods.  
 Clark: It was okay.  
 Pete: Clark never liked it. He used to get dizzy just walking over there.  
 Chloe: How come?  
 Pete: He was afraid of heights.  
 Clark: I didn't believe it was structurally sound.  
 Chloe: (Opening a window) You guys, come here.  
 CUT TO Pete and Clark in the bathroom taking pictures of the skin in the shower.  
 Pete: Oh man, that's disgusting. What is it?  
 Clark: I think it's skin. He must be molting.  
 Chloe: (From Greg's room) You guys better come in here! Guys?  
 Pete: Oh man. Looks like you're not the only one in Smallville with the hots for Lana.  
 Chloe: I think Greg's found his mate. (One of the Lana videos is playing. Clark goes to a corner of the room where the spider webs are thicker) Clark, what do you see?  
 Clark: I'm not sure.  
 Pete: Clark, be careful.  
 Chloe: I don't like this.  
 Clark pulls the webs apart and Greg's mother falls out, her face shriveled.  
 Clark: Lana!  
 Act 3 Scene 5  
 Lana feeding the horses in the stable. Day. Whitney enters.  
 Whitney: Your aunt said you were out here.  
 Lana: How are you feeling?  
 Whitney: Better. That's not why I'm here though. Lana, when I saw you and Clark outside your house that night, I freaked out.  
 Lana: What did you think we were doing?  
 Whitney: I guess I got scared and did something stupid. I would do anything to take that back.  
 Greg: (Entering) It's too late, Whitney. She's mine now.  
 Lana: Greg?  
 Whitney: Get away from her.  
 Whitney goes toward him and Greg throws him across the stable.  
 Lana: Greg, what's going on?  
 Greg: It's time.  
 Lana: Time for what?  
 Greg: For us.  
 Fade to black.  
 Act 4 Scene 1  
 Whitney regains consciousness. Day. Clark enters the stable.  
 Clark: Lana! Lana!  
 Whitney: Greg's got her.  
 Clark: What happened?  
 Whitney: I'm not sure. Greg threw me against the wall like it was nothing, then grabbed Lana. I've never seen somebody that strong before.  
 Clark: Which way did he go?  
 Whitney: He headed off into the woods.  
 Clark: I think I know where he's going.  
 Whitney: Great, I'll drive.  
 Clark: You know the old Creekside Foundry?  
 Whitney: The one that got hit with the meteor shower?  
 Clark: Follow the dirt track about a hundred yards back. There's a tree fort in the woods.  
 Whitney: How do you know he's there?  
 Clark: Greg used to collect bugs there when we were kids.  
 Whitney: (Starting the car) Look, Kent, I want to apologize.  
 Whitney looks up and Clark is gone.  
 CUT TO Clark running with super speed to the tree fort and up the ladder. He finds Lana under a blanket of webs unconscious.  
 Greg: Get away from her.  
 Clark: Greg, I know what's happened to you.  
 Greg: Well then you know that I've been freed.  
 Clark: No, you haven't You're a slave to your instincts.  
 Greg: I have no rules, Clark. I eat what I want, I go where I want, and I take what I want.  
 Clark: You're not taking her.  
 Greg: Well, then try to stop me.  
 Clark: You're not the only one who's changed.  
 Greg lunges at him and they both fall out of the tree fort. When Clark gets to the ground, Greg isn't there. He sees Greg run away and jump over a chain link fence.  
 CUT TO Clark entering an old warehouse. He becomes uneasy, and we see meteor rocks on the ground. He goes up some stairs to a wooden platform, as he gets weaker. Greg walks up behind him and picks up a large pipe. He hits Clark with it, sending him flying across the warehouse He lands right next to some meteor rocks and the veins of his hand start to bulge.  
 Greg: You haven't changed at all, Clark. You still get sick around this place, just like when we were kids. Hey, Clark. Did you know the Buffalo ant can lift 30 times its own body weight? (Lifts Clark and throws him. Clark lands and crawls into a broken concrete shell) Clark? Clark where are you? Come on out! I just want to play. Clark? Come out!  
 His hand returns to normal. He looks at the shell around him.  
 Clark: It's lined with lead.  
 Greg: Give it up, Clark! You can't fight natural law! Only the strong survive. (Clark comes out and pushes him against another concrete slab) Did you really think you could hide from me?  
 Clark throws him. He lands against a support beam and accidentally pulls a lever next to him.  
 Clark: Greg, watch out!  
 A large piece of construction equipment lands on him. Thousands of little bugs crawl out from under it. Clark super speeds away.  
 Act 4 Scene 2  
 Whitney enters the tree fort and pulls the webs away from Lana's face. She wakes up.  
 Whitney: Hey. It's okay, it's okay. It's me.  
 Lana: Whitney...  
 Whitney: You're safe. You're safe. (Picks her up) Come on, come on.  
 CUT TO Clark running out of the woods. He sees Lana and Whitney walking towards the car. Lana stops and hugs him.  
 Act 4 Scene 3  
 Clark in the loft. Night. He takes the lead box and walks to Lana's house. Outside her door, he opens the box and takes out the necklace with a trembling hand.  
 Lana: (From inside) Whitney? Is that you?  
 She opens the door and no one is there. When she turns to go back in, she sees the necklace hanging from the doorknob. She smiles and takes it inside. We see Clark watch her from the road. He smiles and walks away.  
 Fade to black. 
 
Transcribed by: Kerrplop 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 