Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x15 - Nicodemus - Smallville 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x15 - Nicodemus https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=25&t=4736 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/04/02 02:42 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x15 - Nicodemus 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 -------------------------------------------------------------- 
 For Entertainment Purpose Only. No Infringements Intended. 
 Original Airdate: 19-Mar-02 l Written by G. Walker & M. Green l Directed by James Marshall 
 © Courtesy of The Smallville Transcripts Center - Transcribed by Kerrplop & Ezmeralada Roswell 
 -------------------------------------------------------------- 
 ACT 1 TEASER 
 A man speeds down the road in a truck. Day. A large yellow flower sits next to him on the seat. He's talking on a cell phone. 
 James: Yeah. It's James Beales. Lionel Luthor is expecting my call. (We see a small hula girl on his dashboard) So how about this. I don't care if he's in a meeting! Get him out of it! Tell him I found something! (He pauses looking at the flower) No! I won't hold! Get him! 
 He pounds the phone on the dash and throws it into the backseat. He pushes the pedal to the floor tailgating the truck in front of him, which is being driven by Jonathan. He starts to honk his horn and flash his lights. 
 Jonathan: What's your hurry, pal? 
 James: Come on! 
 Jonathan: Whoa, whoa, whoa! Hey! 
 James: Move out of the way! (He speeds up and hits the back of Jonathan's truck. He swerves out to the side of Jonathan and knocks into the truck again) Get out of my way! 
 He continues honking and swerving and eventually drives into some shrubbery, causing his truck to flip over and crash on its top. 
 Jonathan: Whoa! (Jonathan stops his truck and gets out) Hey! In the truck! You all right? (He runs to the truck and pulls James out through the window and carries him over his shoulders across the street) I'm gonna put you down. (The truck explodes) All right. Come on now. Can you hear me? Are you okay? 
 The flower suddenly perks up next to them. Its petals close up and then open with a burst, shooting a mist into Jonathan's face. He sneezes. We gotta get you out of here. 
 They go and the flower lays back down. 
 (Opening credits) 
 ACT 1 SCENE 1 
 Lex in his study. Day. Dr. Hamilton enters. 
 Lex: Dr. Hamilton. I thought part of our arrangement was that you don't drop in on me. 
 Dr. Hamilton: A situation's come up in my lab. 
 Lex: Don't you mean your barn? 
 Dr. Hamilton: One of my experiments was stolen by one of your employees. 
 Lex: Why would anyone at LuthorCorp know about your work? 
 Dr. Hamilton: He was helping me install some new equipment. 
 Lex: What'd he steal? 
 Dr. Hamilton: A flower. 
 Lex: You're kidding. 
 Dr. Hamilton: It's called the Nicodemus. It's been extinct for a hundred years. 
 Lex: I hired you to study the effects of meteors on this town. That is your focus. You're a geologist. Why are you wasting time on bringing flowers back from the dead? 
 Dr. Hamilton: I irradiated the dormant seeds with meteor fragments. 
 Lex: I want to know the effects on people, not plants. 
 Dr. Hamilton: It's a first step. That's what science is. It's a process, a journey. You know what? Either you understand that or you find someone else. 
 Dr. Hamilton starts to leave. 
 Lex: What's his name? 
 Dr. Hamilton: James Beales. Now I just found out that he was in a car accident. He almost didn't make it, but another driver pulled him out. 
 Lex: Don't tell me it was Clark Kent. 
 Dr. Hamilton: Actually it was his father, Jonathan. 
 ACT 1 SCENE 2 
 Clark arrives home. Day. 
 Clark: Mom? Dad? I just heard about the, uh... (He turns the corner to the kitchen and sees Jonathan and Martha making out. He turns away) I did not need to see that. 
 Jonathan: Hey, son. Just getting the old hero's welcome. You know what I mean? (He slaps Martha's behind)  
 Martha: Oh! 
 Clark: What's going on with Dad? 
 Martha: I don't know. He's been acting strange ever since he got home. 
 Jonathan: (Getting a beer from the fridge) Hey, Clark. Football game on TV. You wanna watch it with me? 
 Clark: Don't you have work to do? 
 Jonathan: Nah, chores can wait. (He puts the bottle against the edge of the table and pops the cap off, causing it to foam over the top) Besides-- whoa! I earned a rest. You can pick up the slack for me, can't ya? 
 Jonathan wipes the bottle on the curtain above the sink. 
 Martha: Jonathan! (She throws him a towel)  
 Clark: It's good to see this whole hero thing didn't go to your head. 
 There's a knock on the door. 
 Lex: (Through the screen) Hope I'm not interrupting. 
 Martha: Hi, Lex. Come in. 
 Clark: What's up, Lex? 
 Lex: Looking for Mr. Kent. 
 Jonathan: What do you want? 
 Lex: I heard you pulled one of my employees out of a car today. I wanted to see if you were all right. 
 Jonathan: No, you didn't. You wanted to see if I was going to sue you or not. Of course, that would put an end to all my financial difficulty, wouldn't it? 
 Martha: Jonathan, that's enough. 
 Jonathan: No, it's not enough, Martha. you see, I don't like Lex Luthor. I don't like Lionel Luthor, and I don't like your friendship with my son. In fact, if all of you Luthors were to dry up and die, I wouldn't shed a tear. 
 Clark: Dad, that's enough. 
 Jonathan: (Belches loudly) I think I'll take a nap. (To Martha, as he leaves) Hubba hubba. 
 Martha: Lex... 
 She looks at him apologetically and goes after Jonathan. 
 Act 1 Scene 3 
 Pete and Clark in the hall at school. Day. 
 Pete: Wow. Drinking beer, mouthing off, and counter-macking with your mom? Congratulations, Clark. Your dad's regressed back to being a teenager. 
 Clark: He's been under a lot of stress lately, but I'm seriously wondering if he's beginning to crack. I mean, who takes a 3-hour nap in the middle of the afternoon? 
 Pete: I don't know, but I still like the part where he dissed Lex. 
 Clark: Why? What do you have against Lex? 
 Pete: Hmm, let's see. He screwed my family out of the cream corn factory. 
 Clark: Well, Pete, that was 12 years ago. And it wasn't him, it was his father. 
 Pete: Still, I've never been crazy about the guy. 
 Clark: Why haven't you said something before? 
 Pete: I was hoping sooner or later you'd see he was bad news. 
 Chloe runs up to them with a clipboard. 
 Chloe: What's your deepest desire? I mean, if nothing was holding you back, what would you guys do? 
 Clark: Hello, Chloe, nice to see you too. What's up? 
 Chloe: Principal Kwan thinks that I need to get more in touch with the pulse of the student body. So I've decided to do a poll. Now, if you would both please do your statistical duty... 
 Pete: (Watching a girl walk by) I'd go over and make out with that girl right now. 
 Chloe: You know, every answer I've gotten so far has been either sex- or violence-related. 
 Pete: Well, that's human nature, Chloe. Later. (He walks away)  
 Clark: Did you know that Pete doesn't like Lex? 
 Chloe: Yeah, he's like totally jealous of your friendship with him. He feels like you guys aren't as close as you used to be. 
 Lana: (Walks up) Hey. 
 Chloe: Hi. (She shows Lana her poll) What about you, Lana? Got one? 
 Lana: Um, I would climb the windmill down on Chandler's Field. 
 Chloe: Really? That's your deepest desire? 
 Lana: Somebody told me you could see the Metropolis skyline from there. I haven't got the guts to climb up and see for myself. 
 Chloe: Okay. 
 Lana: I can always make something up. 
 Chloe: No, it's good, it's good. I like it. It's unleashing the inner Lana. 
 Lana: Okay. (She walks away)  
 Chloe: Okay, Clark. You're up. (He watches Lana s she goes) Clark, remember it's a PG-13 poll. 
 Clark: Ever since Whitney's father's been in the hospital, there's been a no-fly zone on Lana. 
 Chloe: You know, Clark, there are other girls out there that don't require crossing an emotional minefield. 
 Clark: Yeah, but I can't just turn off my feelings for her. 
 Chloe: You know, the choice is yours. You can either sit in your loft and play with your telescope, or move on. (She leaves)  
 Act 1 Scene 4 
 Jonathan comes down the stairs of the Kent home whistling. Day. 
 Jonathan: (To Martha) Hi. What do you say you and I go up to the hayloft and have us a little fun, huh? 
 Martha: Not now. Somebody's got to do some work around here. Um, maybe you would like to call Lex Luthor and apologize. 
 Jonathan: Why? All I did was tell him the truth. 
 Martha: I know I said you should let your feelings out, but you're taking this too far. What's wrong with you? 
 Jonathan: Nothing. I feel free. 
 Martha: You don't look well. (Touches his forehead) You're burning up. Why don't you go back to bed? I'll make you some soup when I get back. 
 Jonathan: Hey! (He grabs her) I know a much better way to break a fever. 
 Martha: Sweetheart, I-I have to go, really. 
 She exits. The phone rings and the answering machine picks up. 
 Jonathan's voice: This is the Kents'. Leave a message. 
 Beep 
 Man's voice: Jonathan, it's Jim Alexander over at the bank. Look, I'm gonna be straight with you. I'm afraid we're gonna have to turn down your loan. 
 Jonathan: (Picks up the phone) Hello, Jim? Yeah, listen to me. I have done nothing but give back to this community, and all anyone has ever done for me is screw me over. So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna come down there to that bank and you are gonna have to turn down my loan right to my face. That way, I can see whether you still have a pair or whether your wife keeps them in a drawer too! (He bashes the phone against a support beam) 
 CUT TO Jonathan swerving around the road in his truck, honking his horn and nearly hitting another driver. Clark sees him. 
 Jonathan: (As his door flies open) Where have all of you learned to drive?! 
 He rounds a corner almost hitting a pedestrian. He parks outside the bank and gets out of the truck with a shotgun as Clark runs to him with super speed. 
 Clark: Dad, what are you doing? 
 Jonathan: I've done nothing but give back to this town, and they've done nothing but screw me over. Well, this time they've pushed me too far and I'm pushing back. 
 Clark: Not with a shotgun. Dad, you gotta slow down, you're not thinking! 
 Jonathan: I'm thinking just fine, son! (He cocks the gun) Now get out of my way! (He starts walking and Clark grabs the barrel of the gun, causing Jonathan to accidentally shoot him in the chest) Clark... 
 He looks around and his vision starts to blur. His vision goes white and he passes out. 
 Clark: Dad! Dad! 
 ACT 1 SCENE 5 
 We see Jonathan through the window of a hospital room. Day. Outside, the doctor talks to Martha and Clark. 
 Doctor: His symptoms indicate a severe anaphylactic shock. But we can't detect any known antigens. 
 Martha: What is it, then? 
 Doctor: The truth is, if he'd come in just yesterday, I'd say I'd never seen anything like it. But we admitted a car crash victim this morning, a James Beales, showed identical symptoms. 
 Clark: That's the guy Dad saved. How's he doing? 
 Doctor: Not good. He fell into a coma an hour ago. 
 Clark hugs Martha. 
 Act 1 Scene 6 
 Lana and Chloe get out of Chloe's car near the woods. Night. They turn on flashlights. 
 Lana: Okay, uh, so what are we doing out here? 
 Chloe: Well, Mr. Kent and Mr. Beales both have the same symptoms. So this is the only place they've been together, so I'm assuming that whatever happened to Mr. Kent was caused by something from out here. 
 Lana: What are we looking for? 
 Chloe: Anything. Wow, the debris starts from way over there and ends over in that ditch. That's some serious road rage. 
 They split up and Chloe starts taking pictures. Lana kneels down several feet away. 
 Lana: I think I found something! 
 Chloe starts over to see what it is. Lana digs up what's left of the hula girl from Beales' dashboard. She rolls her eyes and puts it down as the Nicodemus slowly straightens up next her. The petals close and then open, shooting the mist at her. 
 Chloe: What you got? 
 Lana: (Showing Chloe the hula girl) Sorry. 
 Chloe: That's all right. Let's get out of here. This place is a dead end. (They go back to the car and Lana sneezes as she gets in. She sneezes again as they drive away) Gesundheit. 
 Fade to black. 
 ACT 2 SCENE 1 
 Lex and Dr. Hamilton in the lab. Day. 
 Lex: Be honest with me, Dr. Hamilton. 
 Dr. Hamilton: I told you. It's under control. 
 Lex: Two men with an unexplained illness, for which no one seems to know the cure, isn't my idea of under control. I did a little research of my own into your unauthorized botany experiment. (He pulls out a book titled “The Nicodemus Diary.”) Apparently, in 1871, a strange contagion struck the Morelly Settlement, and 200 people died almost over night. A priest, who witnessed the scene left a diary. His last entries described how the settlers began acting out of character. He claimed a local flower was to blame. (Picks up the book and reads from it) “On God's green earth, this flower was the thief in the temple, the silent temptress that, with a single sneeze, brought out the basest instincts in men and drove them to violence.” 
 Dr. Hamilton: That's been relegated to folklore in scientific circles. 
 Lex: (Looking into one of the airtight tanks holding a Nicodemus) If you don't believe in this, you won't mind if I lift the lid and smell the flower. (Dr. Hamilton stops him) Why'd you bring it back? 
 Dr. Hamilton: These flowers were believed to have toxins that, while deadly, might have other applications. 
 Lex: I'm not here to bankroll your pet projects. I'm only interested in the meteors. 
 Dr. Hamilton: You wanted to know what they could do. 
 Lex: Putting people in the hospital wasn't part of the plan. 
 Dr. Hamilton: Every discovery has their consequences. 
 Lex: If Jonathan Kent dies, you're gonna lose something a lot more valuable than your tenure. Pack up one of these flowers. I've got a team of specialists in Metropolis waiting to work on it. 
 Dr. Hamilton: It's my research. 
 Lex: I don't give a damn about your research. I just want to find a cure. (Lex leaves)  
 Act 2 Scene 2 
 Whitney stops at the drinking fountain at school. Day. He sees Lana enter. She is wearing knee-high black boots, a short black skirt and a tank top. 
 Whitney: Wow. What's the occasion? 
 Lana: Nothing. I just thought we'd blow off class, today. 
 Whitney: I-I can't. I'm barely keeping ahead. Then I got to go to the store, and then run by the hospital and see my dad. 
 Lana: You know what? I am tired of your excuses. Ever since your dad got sick, you haven't been any fun at all. 
 Lana walks away and he follows. 
 Whitney: I'm sorry, Lana, but it's kind of a big deal. 
 Lana: Whatever. I feel like I'm locked in this relationship out of guilt. 
 Whitney: Lana, what's wrong with you? 
 Lana: Nothing. I'm just not keeping it inside anymore. 
 Whitney: Well, if that's the way you feel, maybe we need to reconsider this relationship. 
 Lana: Okay, fine. It's over, Whitney. (She smiles and walks away) 
 CUT TO Clark at the Torch. Lana enters behind him. 
 Lana: Not going to class, Clark? 
 Clark: (Turning around) I'm not really... up to it. 
 Lana: What's the matter? 
 Clark: Nothing. Um, it's just a change. 
 Lana: (Twirls for him) Do you like it? 
 Clark: Um, I think the operative word is “gulp.” 
 Lana: Listen. I know things are rough, but you can't let them get you down. 
 Clark: Um, it's kind of hard not to. 
 Lana: The key is to keep your mind off it. Let your friends be your friends. Let them distract you. Trust them. 
 Clark: I do trust you, Lana. 
 Lana: Good. Then follow me. 
 Lana takes his hand and leads him out of the Torch. 
 CUT TO Lana and Clark entering the pool. 
 Clark: Um, what are we doing in here? 
 Lana: It's quiet. 
 Clark: It's also completely... (She steps onto the diving board and starts taking off her boots) ...off-limits. Uh, Lana, I don't think I'm really, uh, up for this. 
 Lana: (Walking further out on the diving board and taking off her belt) You think too much, Clark. 
 Clark: Right now, I'm thinking you don't seem like yourself. 
 Lana: Or maybe... (Lets her skirt fall to her feet) ...I'm more me than ever. 
 Lana kicks her skirt to him and he catches it. 
 Clark: Lana... this is crazy. 
 Lana: That's the point. If life doesn't make you crazy, then, uh, why bother living it? I know that's how I want it. (She takes her top off revealing a red bra) The question is, do you want what I want? 
 She does a back handspring on the board. She stops to look at Clark, then does a back flip into the pool. 
 Clark: Lana! 
 Lana: Don't you want to come in, Clark? 
 Clark: I-I don't think so. 
 Lana climbs out of the pool and walks to him. 
 Lana: I know you want me, Clark. Stop holding back. (Closing in on his lips) Come on. You're not made of steel. Or are you? 
 They kiss heavily. Finally, Clark breaks it off. 
 Clark: Wait. 
 Lana: Aren't you tired of waiting? (He starts losing his balance) Need a little help warming up? 
 Lana pushes him lightly, and he falls into the pool. She hears a door open. When Clark looks up, he sees Principal Kwan looking down at him. 
 Act 2 Scene 3 
 Clark and Chloe at the Torch. Day. Clark is wearing gym clothes and drying his hair. 
 Chloe: She just stripped down in front of you? Lana Lang in all her glory. 
 Clark: Most of her glory. Not that Kwan saw it. 
 Chloe: Well, at least you'll have a nice picture to daydream about in Saturday detention. 
 Clark: It was weird. She said everything I ever wanted to hear, but it didn't seem like she knew what she was doing. 
 Chloe: Well, what do you think made Lana Lang go soft-core? 
 Clark: First my dad, now Lana. 
 Chloe: Yeah, and don't forget that Beales guy. Remember the one that you dad helped? 
 Clark: You know, you must have missed something at the accident site. That's the only connection. 
 Chloe: No, I didn't, because I was there and I'm fine. 
 Clark: It just doesn't make any sense. 
 Chloe: (Looking at one of her pictures on the computer screen) Wait. Looks like we weren't the only ones out there. 
 Clark: Who's that? 
 Chloe: I think it's Dr. Hamilton. 
 Clark: The meteor freak? 
 Chloe: Yeah. 
 Clark: What's he doing scoping around in the woods? 
 Chloe: I don't know. But I have a feeling it's not just a coincidence. I'm gonna go talk to him. 
 Clark: I'm gonna go talk to Lana. I think whatever happened to my father is about to happen to her. 
 ACT 2 SCENE 4 
 Lex talks on his cell phone in the Talon. Day. 
 Lex: I want something better than progress. I was just at the hospital. They're getting worse. 
 Lana enters. 
 Waitress: Lana, where have you been? Monique called in sick and we haven't got anyone to cover. 
 Lana: Why is this my problem? 
 Waitress: Because Nell's in Metropolis and you're the assistant manager. 
 Lana: Well, I'm taking the afternoon off, so I guess we're closing early. (She whistles to the customers) Listen up! We're closing early, so coffee's on the house. Drink up. 
 Lex: I'll call back. (Lex goes to Lana, leaving his keys on his table. She sprays some whipped cream onto her fingers and licks it off) Lana, the Talon closes at 9:00. 
 Lana: Not today. 
 Lex: You're not impressing anyone with the attitude, Lana. You're talking to someone who set the bar for adolescent rebellion. 
 Lana: That's right. I hear you were quite the bad boy before you joined us here in Smallville. 
 Lex: It's nothing I'm proud of. 
 Lana: Please. You don't really care about the Talon. You only invested because I asked you to. (Runs her hand up his chest) Now why would you go and do a thing like that? Hmm? (She touches his lips, getting whipped cream on them) The Luthors are famous for their ulterior motives. So tell me, Lex. Was it really about profit? 
 Lex: (Moving her hand from his stomach) I'm not sure what this is, but it isn't you, Lana. Are you feeling okay? 
 Lana: Actually, I'm a little nervous. I might need some guidance. You know, from someone with a little more experience. What do you say, boss? 
 Lex: Lana, where have you been in the last 24 hours. 
 Lana: (Angry) It's none of your business. What's your problem? 
 Lex: This isn't you. 
 Lana: Why? Because I'm not doing exactly as I'm told? ‘Cause I'm not sitting in a corner, hiding in a book? For once I'm not scared of life, and no one can handle it because you all prefer the insecure little girl. Well, I'm sick of her and all her talk about her dead parents. 
 She throws a glass at him. He ducks and it breaks against the wall. Then she runs out, grabbing his keys as she goes. Outside the Talon, Clark sees her speed away in Lex's car. 
 Clark: Lana! 
 Clark super speeds after her. 
 Act 2 Scene 5 
 Chloe enters Dr. Hamilton's lab. Day. 
 Chloe: Dr. Hamilton. Hello. Chloe Sullivan, Smallville Torch. We spoke a few times on the internet about the meteors. 
 Dr. Hamilton: Oh, Chloe. 
 Chloe: (Shows him a picture) Well, um, can you tell me what you were doing out in the woods last night? 
 Dr. Hamilton: What I do there most nights. Search for meteor samples. I find it easier to spot them with flashlights. 
 Chloe: So you didn't see me and my friend. 
 Dr. Hamilton: I heard voices, I saw flashlights. I know kids like to party, and as you know, I don't like company! 
 Chloe: So you weren't there looking over the accident scene. 
 Dr. Hamilton: What accident? 
 Chloe sees the Nicodemus Diary. 
 Chloe: I must be mistaken. Sorry to have bothered you. 
 Dr. Hamilton: And what were you doing in the woods last night? 
 Chloe: Partying with my friends. (She leaves) 
 ACT 2 SCENE 6 
 Lana speeds out to the windmill at Chandler's Field. Day. She gets out of the car as Clark runs up behind her with super speed. 
 Clark: Lana. What's going on? Does Lex know you have his car? 
 Lana: He should by now. 
 Clark: Look, something happened to you. I just don't know what it is. 
 Lana: It's called self-confidence. For the first time, I'm not repressing my feelings. I'm free. 
 Clark: No, you're not. 
 Lana: You should talk. You had me in the pool and you didn't take your chance. I see the way you look at me. Why don't you just tell me how you feel? 
 Clark: Lana, you're sick. I need to get you to a hospital. 
 Lana: Don't avoid the question, Clark. Are you in love with me? 
 Clark: Lana... 
 Lana: You're such a coward. You can't even answer a simple question. (She starts climbing the ladder on the windmill) You want me, come and get me. 
 Clark: Lana, stop! 
 Lana: What's the matter, Clark? Afraid of heights? 
 Clark: What are you doing? Come down! (About a third of the way up, she stops. She looks around and her vision blurs eventually turning white) Lana! (She loses her grip and falls backwards off the ladder) Lana! 
 Clark catches her. 
 Lana: (Faintly) Clark. 
 Fade to black. 
 
 
 
 ACT 3 SCENE 1 
 Lana is being wheeled into the hospital as Clark follows. Day. Martha comes out of Jonathan's room. 
 Martha: What happened? 
 Clark: I don't know. She's got the same symptoms as Dad and Beales. How's Dad? 
 Martha: He slipped into a coma. The doctors don't know how long he'll last. 
 Clark goes to the window of Jonathan's room as Lex enters. 
 Lex: Mrs. Kent, I've got doctors flying in from Metropolis. I'm going to do everything I can for Mr. Kent. (She nods and goes into the room. Lex joins Clark at the window) Clark, I'm sorry. 
 Clark: It's not your fault, Lex. 
 ACT 3 SCENE 2 
 Clark, Chloe, and Pete in the cafeteria at school. Day. 
 Chloe: Dr. Hamilton had a copy of this book in his barn. 
 Clark: The Nicodemus Diary. 
 Chloe: It's a first-hand account of Smallville's first mystery. In 1871, the whole settlement went postal before they even had a post office. 
 Pete: Nice to know Smallville was still whacked before the meteors got here. 
 Chloe: Yeah. In the diary, they talked about a flower. The settlers called it Nicodemus. Said it liberated repressed feelings, sent them into rages, then fever, and final... Well... 
 Clark: All right, well, where can we find this flower? 
 Chloe: Well, see, that's the glitch. After the massacre, the cavalry torched the whole settlement. They wanted to make sure that whatever caused it wasn't gonna spread. The flower's been extinct for over a hundred years. 
 Clark: Well, what does Hamilton have to do with this? Isn't he a geologist? 
 Chloe: With a meteor fixation. 
 Pete: We tracked down this paper he wrote six years ago. 
 Gives it to Clark. 
 Clark: Metropolis University Press? 
 Chloe: I think this is the last straw. In it, he postulates that meteor rocks can be used to irradiate dormant plant cells. 
 Clark: So you think Hamilton pulled a Jurassic Park and brought back the Nicodemus. 
 Pete: Now he's trying to cover it up. 
 Clark: Let's go talk to him. 
 Chloe: Wait, there's more. Dr. Hamilton didn't check out the Nicodemus Diary. Lex did. 
 Clark: You think he's involved? 
 Pete: I told you all along he was bad news. 
 Clark: Pete, we don't know anything yet. 
 ACT 3 SCENE 3 
 Lex outside the Talon talking on his phone. Night. 
 Lex: Good. (Clark approaches) I'll call back. (To Clark) I just got off the phone with the doctors. They think they've isolated the problem. 
 Clark: Does it have to do with the Nicodemus flower? I know that you check the diary out of the library. 
 Lex: Yes, I did, Clark. 
 Clark: Why? 
 Lex: Because my property was built on the site of the original settlement. I always thought it was an interesting story. When I heard about your dad's symptoms I remembered it, tracked it down to see if it could be any help. 
 Clark: Why didn't you tell me about it? 
 Lex: Clark, it's a crackpot story. I was grasping at straws. 
 Clark: Do you know Dr. Steven Hamilton? 
 Lex: Who's that? 
 Clark: (Grabbing Lex's sleeve) Don't lie to me! 
 Lex: Clark, calm down. I know you're worried about your father and Lana, but I checked the book out of the library. That's it. I'm not responsible for what happened and I'm doing everything in my power to fix it. That's the truth, Clark. 
 ACT 3 SCENE 4 
 Chloe and Pete enter Hamilton's lab with flashlights. Night. 
 Chloe: Okay, keep your flashlight low. 
 Pete: You're an expert on breaking and entering now? 
 Pete knocks over a broom. Chloe puts it back. 
 Chloe: Pete! Be careful. 
 They continue to explore. Pete sees something on a table with a tarp over it. He pulls at the tarp and Chloe hears glass shattering. 
 Chloe: Pete, what happened? (She turns around and he's not there) Pete? you okay? (She sees a Nicodemus on the floor) Pete... 
 Pete: (Walks up behind her) You looking for me? 
 Chloe: Oh, no. 
 Pete: Do you have any idea how beautiful you are? 
 Chloe: Okay, Pete, you've been infected. We've got to get you to the hospital. 
 Chloe runs to the door and he stops him. 
 Pete: That's right. Ignore Pete. Pete's just the funny guy. You don't have to sweat his feelings ‘cause you only got eyes for Clark. 
 Chloe: Calm down, Pete. I'm gonna call Clark. 
 She goes to the phone and he throws it off the desk. 
 Pete: He's probably hanging out with his new best friend Lex Luthor. (He finds a gun on the desk) Give me your keys. 
 Chloe: Why? Where are you going? 
 Pete: (Points the gun at Chloe) I'm serious, Chloe. Give me the damn keys! (She hands them over) 
 ACT 3 SCENE 5 
 Martha in Jonathan's hospital room. Night. Clark enters. 
 Clark: How is he? 
 Martha: Not good. Clark, Mr. Beales died half an hour ago. 
 Clark: With all my abilities, there's nothing I can do. What do we do if Dad... 
 Martha: I don't know. Did I ever tell you about the first time I ever saw him? 
 Clark: No. 
 Martha: He came to Metropolis U. to take a finance course and he was sitting by a fountain all denim and flannel eating an apple. And I asked to borrow his notes. He didn't know that I was the note-taker for the class. He still doesn't. 
 Clark: You were sly, Mom. 
 Martha: He was so cute. So I asked him for his notes and he just handed over his notebook without even asking my name and I said, “How can you be so sure I'll bring it back?” And he said, “I prefer to believe in people.” 
 Clark: That sounds like Dad. 
 Martha: And I remember looking at him, completely embarrassed because I was thinking the dumbest thing. I was thinking God, I hope he marries me. I still think that. Every day there's part of me that says, God, I hope he marries me. 
 Martha starts to cry and Clark hugs her. There is a knock on the door. Chloe enters. 
 Chloe: I'm sorry, Mrs. Kent. Can I talk to you for a second, Clark? 
 Martha: Go. 
 Clark and Chloe leave the room. 
 Chloe: I'm so sorry. Dr. Hamilton was lying. I found the Nicodemus flower in the barn. One got Pete and he took a really quick turn to scary. 
 Clark: Where did he go? 
 Chloe: He grabbed a gun and he said he was going after Lex. 
 Clark leaves. 
 Fade to black. 
 ACT 4 SCENE 1 
 Lex and Dr. Hamilton in Lex's study. Night. Lex is holding a book with a picture of the Nicodemus. 
 Dr. Hamilton: The Nicodemus has existed for hundreds of years. Now, the Native Americans must have developed some sort of herbal antidote and these are the instructions. 
 Lex: Where'd you find it? 
 Dr. Hamilton: Collecting dust in some old museum. Now, it's one of a kind so they're gonna want it back. 
 Lex: I'll get it up to my team in Metropolis immediately. 
 Pete: Nobody's going anywhere. 
 Lex: Pete. What are you doing here? 
 Pete: (Fires the gun, hitting a vase) I knew you were behind this. You pretended to be Clark's friend, but you're not! And now his dad's gonna die because of you. 
 Dr. Hamilton: What's this about? 
 Pete: Do not pretend you don't know! I went to your barn! 
 Lex: He's infected. Pete, we have the cure. We're going to make everyone better. 
 Pete: You're nothing but a liar. Clark can't see it, but I can and now you're gonna pay. 
 Lex: No! (Dr. Hamilton tries to leave with the book and Pete shoots at him. He gets hit in the arm and drops the book in the fireplace) Pete, if that book is destroyed, you and Lana and Mr. Kent will all die. 
 Pete: You're lying! 
 Lex: Pete, I want to help you. 
 Pete: You don't want to help anybody but yourself! You come to town and suddenly you're Clark's new best friend. (Dr. Hamilton grabs a fire poker) I used to think he was a good judge of character. 
 Dr. Hamilton: Lex, the book. 
 Lex: Pete, I'm going to reach in there and grab that book. If you want to shoot me, go ahead. 
 Pete: No problem. 
 Lex reaches into the fire and Dr. Hamilton hits the gun out of Pete's hand with the poker. Lex gives the book to Dr. Hamilton. 
 Lex: Get out! 
 Hamilton runs out of the room and Pete picks up the gun and shoots at him as he goes, but misses. He points the gun at Lex. 
 Pete: Say goodbye, Lex. 
 Clark: (Enters) Pete! Don't do it! 
 Pete: We used to be best friends. His dad screwed over my dad, and now he's trying to screw up things between us. The world's a better place without him. 
 Clark: Pete, put the gun down. 
 Pete: He's behind all this. I saw Hamilton here. They're working on this together. 
 Clark: Is that true? 
 Lex: Clark, he's delusional. 
 Clark: I don't believe you. You're right, Pete. He's been lying to everyone. Yeah, I know who my true friends are. 
 Lex: Clark, what are you doing? 
 Clark: You can't talk your way out of this one, Lex. I see how you really are. The friendship is over. 
 He pushes Lex against the wall, knocking him out. 
 Pete: (Laughs) Nice one. I'll finish it off. (He points the gun at Lex and Clark hits it out of his hand with super speed) How'd you do that? 
 Clark: Don't worry, Pete. We'll get you to the hospital. 
 He hits Pete in the forehead, knocking him unconscious. Lex wakes up. 
 Lex: Clark, what the hell? 
 Clark: I'm sorry, Lex. 
 Lex: So that was an act. 
 Clark: I didn't know what else to do. He was gonna shoot you. 
 Lex: You had me for a moment. I thought you were serious. (Clark helps him up) What do they feed you on that farm? 
 Clark: Was Hamilton really here? 
 Lex: What do you think, Clark? 
 ACT 4 SCENE 2 
 Clark is asleep in a chair in Jonathan's hospital room. Day. 
 Jonathan: Mornin', sleepy head. 
 Clark: Dad. You're okay! 
 Clark hugs him. 
 Jonathan: Yeah, Clark. Clark, what am I doing here? 
 Martha enters. 
 Martha: Jonathan! Oh, sweetheart! (She hugs him) 
 Jonathan: Martha. 
 Martha: Sweetheart, the doctors in Metropolis found a cure last night. It was an old Native American remedy. 
 Clark: How are Pete and Lana? 
 Martha: They're already up. 
 Clark: Dad, do you remember anything? 
 Jonathan: No. 
 Martha: The doctors think it's because of the fever. 
 Clark: Trust me, it's better that way. 
 Lex watches at the door. 
 ACT 4 SCENE 3 
 Chloe enters Dr. Hamilton's lab. Day. 
 Chloe: Dr. Hamilton. Hello? 
 The barn is completely empty. 
 CUT TO Lex and Dr. Hamilton in Lex's study. 
 Dr. Hamilton: What did you do with my lab? 
 Lex: I destroyed it. 
 Dr. Hamilton: How dare you? 
 Lex: You're lucky you found a cure and nobody infected can remember anything. But people are talking. I'm sure Beales worked for my father, and then there's Chloe Sullivan. 
 Dr. Hamilton: I'm sensing this relationship is over. 
 Lex: No, Doctor. I think you're very talented. You just need closer supervision. 
 Dr. Hamilton: Ah. 
 Lex: I recently acquired a small research facility outside Metropolis. Catmus Labs. I'm going to hide you out there. 
 Dr. Hamilton: Remember, Lex. You're the one opening Pandora's box. 
 Lex: I'm just the key, Dr. Hamilton. 
 They shake hands. 
 ACT 4 TAG 
 We see Clark take his hands from Lana's eyes. Day. 
 Clark: Okay. Open your eyes. (She opens them) It's Metropolis. 
 Lana: It's beautiful. (We see the Metropolis skyline from the windmill) I can't believe we're up here. 
 Clark: It's actually getting down which is going to be the interesting part. It's good to have you back, Lana. 
 Lana: I spent the entire day apologizing to the Talon staff and to Lex and to Whitney. I just wish I could remember what happened. Sounds like I got a little out of control there. 
 Clark: You spoke your mind and you did what you wanted. Kind of an alpha Lana. 
 Lana: I couldn't believe what I was wearing. 
 Clark: I kinda liked it. 
 Lana: Clark, I didn't say or do anything embarrassing to you that I should know about, did I? 
 Clark: (Pauses) No. 
 Lana: Good, good. So how does it feel being on top of the world? Or at least Smallville. 
 Clark: I feel free. 
 End of episode 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 