Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x01 - Premiere - Smallville 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x01 - Premiere https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=25&t=4666 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/05/02 02:52 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x01 - Premiere 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Episode #101 - "Pilot - Premiere"  
 Original airdate: October 16, 2001  
 Written by Alfred Gough & Miles Millar 
 Directed by David Nutter 
 The Premiere episode ran 8:51 minutes over the hour. 
 The camera pans outer space. We see meteorites hurtling towards a bright light. There is a small spaceship/pod hurtling through space along with the rocks.  
 The camera pans the moon, then Earth. 
 The debris and the ship are hurtling towards Earth.  
 Screen Text: October 1989  
 Cut to a helicopter flying over a cornfield. We see a sign that says: Welcome to Smallville Kansas Pop 25,001 Creamed Corn Capital of the World.  
 Cut to the inside of the helicopter. A bearded man (Lionel Luthor) is sitting reading the Daily Planet. The headline says: Green Industries CEO Missing Presumed Dead. There is a red-haired boy (Lex sitting next to the man with his eyes held tightly shut. The Boy looks scared.  
 Lionel: (To Lex) This has got to stop. Open your eyes, Lex.  
 Lex: (Distraught and with his eyes still closed) I can't!  
 Lionel: Luthors are not afraid. We don't have that luxury. We're leaders. (He puts his arm around Lex's shoulders. He leans closer to Lex's face. Lex's eyes are still shut) You have a destiny, Lex. You're never going to get anywhere with your eyes closed.  
 ***  
 Cut to arial shot of Smallville.  
 A small, raven haired girl (Lana) in a white fairy princess costume is in a flower shop. She's waving a wand.  
 Lana: Abracadabra  
 Jonathan and Martha Kent walk into the shop.  
 Jonathan: (to the woman behind the counter) Afternoon, Nell.  
 Nell: (With a sexy tone to her voice) Jonathan! (She sees Martha is with him) Martha (seems disappointed to see her) What a surprise. What brings the reclusive Kents to town?  
 Martha: (Walking to the counter) Tulips. Red ones if you have them.  
 Nell: (To Martha slyly) What about a tiger orchid?  
 Jonathan: (Joining them) No, thanks. Martha has her heart set on tulips.  
 Nell: (In a catty manner) Yes. Well, they are a very uncomplicated flower.  
 Jonathan and Martha give each other an ironic look. Martha walks over to Lana and kneels down next to her.  
 Martha: That is a beautiful dress, Lana. Are you a princess?  
 Lana: I'm a fairy princess.  
 Jonathan: (To Nell) Hey, where are her parents?  
 Nell: Oh, at the Homecoming game like everyone else. I'm being the good Aunt.  
 Lana: (To Martha) Do you want to make a wish?  
 Martha: I would love to make a wish.  
 Lana: Okay. Abracadabra.  
 Lana extends the wand towards Martha's head and touches her brow.  
 Cut to the street outside of the flower shop. We see Jonathan putting bags in the back of a red pick-up truck. Martha is in the car, staring out the window, looking dreamy-eyed. Jonathan gets in the car behind the wheel.  
 Jonathan: I know what you wished for.  
 Martha: (Wistfully) I see a little face. It's all I ever wanted.  
 They kiss. Homecoming parade of cars goes past them down the avenue.  
 Jonathan: (Looking at the car parade) Hey, looks like Smallville won again.  
 He starts the engine. They drive off under a banner that says: Let's Go Crows!  
 ***  
 Cut to outer space. We see the pod and the meteorites hit Earth's atmosphere. The meteorites leave a fiery trail through the air.  
 ***  
 Cut to a crow in a corn field. The crow gets startled by a rock falling from the sky. It caws.  
 Cut to Lionel Luthor. Lionel is meeting with some local farmers outside by the cornfield.  
 Lionel: (Calls out) Lex? Son?  
 Cut to Lex Luthor standing by the cornfield. Lex turns toward his father. Lionel turns back to the farmers.  
 Lionel: (To the farmers) Now, where do I sign?  
 Farmer: Right here, Mr. Luthor.  
 Cut to Lex walking out into the cornfield.  
 Disembodied Voice: Help me.  
 Lex: (Surprised) Huh? Lex stops and looks around.  
 Voice: Help me. Please.  
 Lex looks around, scared. Camera pans a scarecrow.  
 Lex is scared. He starts running through the field in panic. He pulls out an asthma inhaler. He falls. He loses his grip on the inhaler and it falls a short distance away from him. He reaches for it and sits up with his back against a wooden pole. He hears a voice.  
 Voice: (From above) Hey, kid.  
 Lex slowly turns around and looks up at the pole and sees a guy roped to the pole in nothing but boxer shorts and an ‘S' spray-painted on his bare chest.  
 Lex: (Falling back) Uhh!  
 Guy: (To Lex) Help me. Help me, please.  
 In the distance, we see the meteorites hit the atmosphere with black plumes of smoke. Lex has gotten to his feet and is watching the sky in shock. The meteorites hit the ground in the cornfield. A large cloud of debris is moving toward him. He starts to run. The cloud blasts over the guy roped to the cross and overtakes Lex, bowling him over.  
 Lex: (Screams) Aaah!  
 ***  
 Cut to the main street in town. People are out on the main avenue after the Homecoming game. A black tail of smoke is visible in the sky, like a streak leading straight to the cornfields in the distance. Everyone is looking up at the sky.  
 Nell walks out of the flower shop with Lana in her arms.  
 Nell: (Shocked and looking up at the sky) What on God's earth?  
 Cut to a young couple standing across the way from the flower shop by a gray car. They see Nell and Lana.  
 Woman: (Calls out) Hi, Lana!  
 Lana: (Calls out) Mommy! Daddy!  
 Suddenly, a meteorite descends and hits the couple and their car, blowing them up. Everyone starts running and screaming as more meteorites hit. The meteorite has thrown Lana and Nell to the ground. Cut to Nell holding Lana, crouched on the sidewalk next to the shop. Lana is crying.  
 ***  
 Cut to the Kents driving home in their red pick-up truck. A meteorite hits by the side of the road.  
 Martha: (Scared) What's happening, Jonathan?  
 A meteorite hits the road right in front of them and causes them to crash.  
 ***  
 Cut to the cornfield. Close-up of Lionel frantically searching for his son.  
 Lionel: (Calls out while running into the cornfield) Lex! Lex! Where are you?  
 Wide shot of the cornfield. The cornfield is completely flattened. Lionel sees a tuft of red hair on the ground. He leans down and picks it up. The looks around Lionel: Lex? Lex?  
 Lionel sees something and runs over and finds Lex lying on the ground, whimpering, with most of his hair gone  
 Lionel Luthor steps back with a look of horror/disgust on his face.  
 ***  
 Cut to the Kent's overturned vehicle. They are inside the overturned car, hanging upside down. They start to revive. Jonathan looks out the window and sees a naked little boy.  
 Jonathan: Martha?  
 Martha turns her head to look out the driver's side window. They look at each other in shock.  
 Cut to the boy. The boy smiles.  
 ***  
 Cut to Jonathan and Martha walking through the debris. Martha is holding the little boy wrapped in a blanket.  
 Jonathan: (In exasperation) Kids don't just fall out of the sky, Martha.  
 Martha: Then where did he come from?  
 Jonathan: I don't know, but he must have parents.  
 They find the pod.  
 Martha: Well, if he does, they're definitely not from Kansas.  
 Jonathan: (Placatingly) Sweetheart, we can't keep him. What are we going to tell people—we found him out in a field?  
 Martha: (Cryptically) We didn't find him. He found us.  
 ***  
 Screen Text: Today  
 Camera pans a farm. Cut to a computer screen with the caption, “Records Galore! Record breaking teen becomes the fastest man alive.” We see Clark speed-reading the screen. The next screen says, “Six-year old Korean boy lifts car off injured father.”  
 Martha: Clark Kent, you're going to be late for the bus!  
 Clark: (Yells out) Coming, Mom!  
 Screen Text: Smallville  
 An average weekday morning in the Kent household. We see Clark in the kitchen opening the refrigerator. There's Pepsi and Mountain Dew on the door. He pulls out the milk and drinks from the bottle.  
 Martha: (To Clark) Uh-Uh.  
 Martha grabs the milk away from him.  
 Clark: It tastes better out of the bottle.  
 Martha: Where'd you learn your manners?  
 Clark: (Jokingly) On a farm.  
 Jonathan Kent enters through the front door. He has on a flannel shirt and jacket. He takes off the jacket.  
 Jonathan: (To Clark) Well, good afternoon, sleepyhead.  
 Martha: (To Clark and Jonathan) Oh, and don't forget – I have class tonight so you two are on your own. And don't order pizza. There's plenty of food in the fridge.  
 Martha passes Jonathan a mug, and Jonathan grabs the milk and drinks out of the bottle  
 Clark is sitting at the table looking at a piece of paper. Honeycomb cereal is on the table.  
 Jonathan: (To Clark) Hey, what you got there, Son?  
 Clark: Permission slip. It's for the football team. A couple of spots opened up and they're having tryouts this afternoon.  
 Jonathan takes the slip, looking concerned.  
 Clark: (Pleading) Come on, Dad. You played football in high school.  
 Jonathan: That was different, Son.  
 Clark: Why?  
 Jonathan: You know why.  
 Clark: I figured I'd run at half speed and I won't hit anybody.  
 Jonathan: A lot of things can happen in the heat of the game, Son.  
 Clark: Most new guys hardly even play. Chances are I'll ride the bench half the season. (In a serious tone) Dad, I can be careful.  
 Jonathan: (Placatingly) I know that you can be careful but what if there's an accident?  
 Clark sighs.  
 Jonathan: Look, uh…Clark, I know this has got to be really hard for you but you got to just hang in there, like you promised. (Pats Clark on the shoulder)  
 Clark: (Sounding frustrated) I'm sick of hanging in there. All I want to do is to go through high school without being a total loser.  
 He picks up his things and leaves. Jonathan sighs.  
 ***  
 Cut to Clark walking outside of his house. There are cows. He sees the school bus pull off in the distance. We see a red mailbox that says, “Kent Farm”. He jogs toward the road.  
 Cut to Chloe and Pete on the bus. Chloe passes Pete some money.  
 Chloe: I can't believe you bet against your best friend.  
 Pete: (Smugly) Statistical fact: If Clark moved any slower he'd be extinct.  
 They laugh.  
 Cut to Clark standing in the road thinking. Then he looks like he has an idea and takes off at super speed.  
 Cut to the school bus drive by a billboard that says: Welcome to Smallville Kansas Pop 45,001 The meteor Capital of the World!  
 Cut to Clark super speeding through the corn field Cut to Chloe and Pete inside the bus as it stops to pick up some kids. We hear a thud on the roof.  
 Chloe: (To Pete) Did you hear that?  
 We see Clark run by.  
 Cut to a billboard that says; Pleasant Meadows Another Luthor Corp Project New Homes starting at $245,000 Making America a Better Place to Live.  
 ***  
 Cut to Smallville High School.  
 There's a red and yellow banner on the front that says “Fly to Victory”. We see Chloe and Pete walking up the stairs out front.  
 Pete: (To Chloe) So, anyone asked you to the dance?  
 Chloe: Not Yet.  
 Pete: Well, if nothing pans out with you-know-who maybe you and—  
 Chloe: Pete, do you want to take a commercial break from the soap opera in your head? I've told you 100 times, I'm not interested in Clark.  
 Pete: You're vehement denial has been duly noted.  
 Chloe laughs.  
 Pete: Hey, maybe you and I could go together. I mean, not as a date-date thing, more as a friend-friend thing.  
 Clark walks up holding a stack of books.  
 Clark: Hi, guys.  
 Chloe: (In confusion) Uh… Didn't you just… Weren't you…  
 Clark: (Disingenuously) I took a shortcut.  
 Chloe: (Incredulously) Through what? A black hole?  
 Pete: Clark, you'll have to excuse our intrepid reporter. Seems as though her weirdar is on Def Con 5. She thought something was attacking the bus…  
 Chloe: Okay, just because everyone else chooses to ignore the strange things that happen in this leafy little hamlet doesn't mean that they don't happen.  
 Pete: Now, you know we'd love to join you and Scooby inside the Mystery Machine for another zany adventure, but we got to hand in these permission slips before homeroom.  
 Clark: Actually, Pete, I'm having second thoughts. I don't think signing up for the team is such a great idea.  
 Pete: Clark, listen, this is the only way.  
 Chloe: (Amazed) Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. You two are trying out for the football team? What is this, some sort of teen suicide pact? (Giggles)  
 Pete grabs Chloe, pulls her to the side.  
 Pete: (In an intense whisper) We're trying to avoid becoming this year's scarecrow.  
 Chloe: What are you talking about? (Raising her voice mockingly) And why are we whispering?  
 Pete: It's a Homecoming tradition. Every year before the big game, the football players select a freshman, take him off to Reilly Field, strip him down to his boxers and then paint a “S” on his chest.  
 Clark: And then string him up like a scarecrow.  
 Chloe: Jeez, that sounds like years of therapy waiting to happen.  
 Pete: Why do you think we're trying out for the team? Figure they won't choose one of their own.  
 Clark looks around. Sees Lana Lang across the yard.  
 Clark: I'll see you guys in class.  
 Clark walks off in Lana's direction  
 Chloe: Bye.  
 Pete pulls out some money.  
 Pete: Give him ten seconds.  
 Chloe: Five.  
 Cut to Clark walking towards Lana with his books and his skateboard.  
 Cut back to Pete and Chloe  
 Pete: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5—  
 Cut to Clark falling to the ground, scattering his books every where.  
 Cut to Chloe.  
 Chloe: Statistical fact: Clark Kent can't get within five feet of Lana Lang without turning into a total freak show. She takes the money from Pete.  
 Cut to Lana passing a book to Clark, who is picking himself up off the ground. The book is The Portable Neitzsche. Lana is wearing a green necklace that glows when Clark gets near to it. Lana picks up one the of the books and passes it to Clark.  
 Lana: Neitzsche. Didn't realize you had a dark side, Clark.  
 Clark is hunched over looking sick.  
 Clark: (Looking up at Lana) Doesn't everybody?  
 Lana: Yeah, I guess so. So what are you? Man or superman?  
 Clark: I haven't figured it out yet.  
 Whitney: Lana there you are.  
 She turns and smiles as him. They kiss. Clark watches, slowly picking his stuff up off the ground.  
 Whitney: (To Clark) Hey, Clark. (To Lana) I was wondering if you could do me a humongous favor. Could you check over my English paper? I didn't finish it until 2:00 AM.  
 Cut to Clark easing into a sitting position on the low rail of a fence, still looking sick.  
 Whitney: So, I'm not too sure about the ending.  
 Lana: I'm sure it's great.  
 Whitney: (To Clark) Dude, are you feeling all right? You look like you're about to – to hurl.  
 Clark: I'm fine.  
 Lana and Whitney turn to walk away. Whitney picks up a book from the ground.  
 Whitney: You forgot one, Clark.  
 Whitney tosses the book to Clark. Clark moves to catch it, dropping all the rest of his books and ending up back on the ground in the process.  
 The school bell rings.  
 ***  
 Cut to the inside of the school.  
 We see a trophy case. We see a guy (Jeremy) looking in the case. He punches through the glass casing and grabs a picture of three football players.  
 Jeremy: It's payback time.  
 We see Jeremy walk away, throwing a bandana on the floor that he had wrapped around his hand.  
 ***  
 Cut to a blue-gray Porsche driving down a road towards a plant. The sign outside the plant says Luthor Corp Fertilizer Plant No. 3. It's overcast and is raining out. The car pulls into a parking space and a young looking bald guy gets out. He's wearing a black jacket, black pants, gray shirt and black driving gloves. He looks around and sighs.  
 Lex: (Sarcastically) Thanks, Dad.  
 The license plate on the car says ‘Lex' and it's from Metropolis, USA  
 ***  
 Cut to a close-up of a person hiking a football. A whistle blows. We see that Whitney and the football team is practicing on the high school field.  
 Cut to Lana practicing on the field with the cheerleading team. She's in the point position and seems to be the head cheerleader.  
 Cut to Clark sitting in the bleachers watching Lana and looking at his notebook. He fantasizes that he's the quarterback of the football team during a big game. He's getting ready to throw the ball. Time is running out but there's no one open. He takes the ball himself, bursting through the opposition with his super strength and super speed. He scores. He spikes the ball on the ground in the end zone and it bursts upon impact. The crowd is screaming his name. Lana runs up to him:  
 Lana: (to Clark adoringly) I knew you could do it, Clark.  
 They move closer, they are just about to kiss, while the crowd is chanting Clark's name. Before they actually kiss, Clark snaps back to reality.  
 Pete: Clark! (Pete is wearing a football uniform. The helmet is a little too big on him) How do I look?  
 Clark: Like a tackle dummy. (Clark gets up to leave) Good Luck.  
 Pete pulls off his helmet and looks after Clark indignantly.  
 ***  
 Cut to Lex driving down the road in his blue-gray Porsche. We see a red flat bed truck rolling down the road in the opposite direction. A metal coil falls from the back of the truck and onto the road.  
 Cut to Clark standing on a bridge, looking over the railing down at the water.  
 Cut to Lex driving. His cell phone rings. He looks away from the road and retrieves the cell phone from his jacket pocket. He looks up and suddenly sees the metal coil on the road. He frantically tries to pump the breaks and shift gears. His car hits the coil. Lex loses control of the car. The car careens into Clark and through the metal railing. The car and Clark go flying off the bridge and into the water.  
 Cut to the Porsche underwater. Lex is in the driver's seat, unconscious. His Cell phone is floating nearby. Suddenly, we see Clark rip the hood of the Porsche back like a can opener. He rescues Lex.  
 Cut to Clark laying Lex on the ground by the river. He gives him mouth-to-mouth resuscitation and cardiovascular stimulation.  
 Clark: (Urgently to a comatose Lex) Come on! Don't die on me!  
 Lex coughs and spits up water. Coughs some more. He opens his eyes and looks up at Clark.  
 Lex: I could have sworn I hit you.  
 Clark: (Hesitantly) If you did, I'd be—I'd be dead.  
 Clark looks behind him at the bridge and the mangled broken railing.  
 ***  
 Pan of the riverbank:  
 A wet Clark is sitting with a red blanket draped over his shoulders. While State Troopers comb the area. Clark's father comes running up.  
 Jonathan: Clark! (He runs up to Clark and puts a hand to his face) Son, are you all right?  
 Clark: Yeah, I'm okay.  
 Jonathan: (Yells to a Trooper) Who's the maniac that was driving that car?  
 Lex is standing nearby, also with a red blanket over his shoulders.  
 Lex: That would be me. Lex Luthor.  
 Lex extends his hand to Jonathan to shake but Jonathan looks him up and down and ignores his hand.  
 Jonathan: (Agitated & strident) I'm Jonathan Kent. This is my son.  
 Jonathan takes off his jacket and puts it around Clark's shoulders.  
 Lex: (To Clark) Thanks for saving my life.  
 Clark: I'm sure you would have done the same thing.  
 Clark gets up and he and his father turn and start walking away. Lex grabs ahold of Mr. Kent.  
 Lex: You have quite an extraordinary boy there, Mr. Kent. If there is any way I can repay you—  
 Jonathan: (Turns towards him, seriously) Drive slower.  
 Lex watches Jonathan and Clark walk away for a second then turns back towards the river as the crane from the depths is raising his Porsche. It's completely mangled but the hood has clearly been torn off. Lex looks speculatively in the direction that the Kents took.  
 ***  
 Its night and the camera pans the yellow Kent house. Cut to Clark in the barn looking at the moon through his telescope. Then he focuses the telescope on Lana's house, which is across the way (one mile). We see Lana come out onto the porch. She's holding a mug and sits down. Clark is smiling goofily as he watches. Suddenly Whitney sneaks up behind Lana, surprising her. Clark scowls.  
 Whitney: Hey. He hugs her and kisses her on the cheek.  
 Lana: Whitney. My aunt will be back any minute.  
 Whitney: Aw, come on. We're living life on the edge.  
 Lana: Yeah, well, if Nell finds us out here your life won't be worth living.  
 Whitney: Where is she anyway? Bridge club?  
 Lana: Lex Luthor's.  
 Whitney walks around and sits down next to Lana  
 Whitney: I didn't know your aunt was in with the Luthors.  
 Lana: She sold them a ton of land.  
 Whitney: They own the Metropolis Sharks. She could put in a good word for me.  
 Lana: If you want someone to put in a good word, ask Clark. He saved Lex's life today.  
 Whitney: You're kidding.  
 Lana: Sometimes people can surprise you. I think it's kind of cool.  
 Whitney: Coach said a scout from Kansas State is coming to the game on Saturday.  
 Lana: That's great!  
 Whitney: I don't want to be a “remember him.” Smallville's got enough of those guys.  
 Lana takes off her necklace and gives it to Whitney.  
 Lana: I want you to wear this to the game on Saturday.  
 Whitney: I can't take this.  
 Lana Smiles.  
 Lana: You can give it back after you win.  
 Whitney: Is it really made from a piece of the meteor that, you know—  
 Lana: So much bad luck came out of it. There can only be good luck left.  
 Whitney kisses her. Cut to Clark still watching through the telescope. He sits down next to his telescope despondently.  
 ***  
 
 
 
 It's still night and the camera pans the outside of Frank's Auto Repair shop. We see a man inside start the engine of a car. We see a younger man (Jeremy) watching him from the shadows by the door.  
 Frank: Jeez, kid. You scared the crap out of me. (He walks towards the kid speculatively) Don't I know you? You look like that scarecrow kid. Where the hell you been?  
 Jeremy smiles.  
 Frank: Hey, freakazoid. Wake up.  
 He pokes Jeremy on the shoulder. He gets an electric charge that throws him across the shop, knocking over a tool cart. Frank looks up from the ground as Jeremy approaches.  
 Frank: (Scared) That was twelve years ago, man. It was just a game. What do you want?  
 Jeremy: To play.  
 Jeremy reaches out and touches Frank's chest, electrocuting him. Jeremy picks him up and pins him to the wall.  
 The camera pans to a picture on the wall of three guys in Smallville High Football team uniforms. The glass covering the picture shatters.  
 ***  
 It's daytime. Cut to Clark walking on the Kent farm. He has his book bag and is wearing a red flannel shirt. Looks like he is coming home from school.  
 Suddenly, Clark spies a brand new red and white truck parked outside of the house with a big blue bow on it. He's shocked and walks quickly over to it.  
 We see Martha in farm gear by a small tractor.  
 Clark: Hey, Mom! Whose truck?  
 Martha: (Dryly) Yours. It's a gift from Lex Luthor.  
 Martha sits down on the tractor and pulls a card out of her pocket and hands Clark the card.  
 Clark opens the card. The card's cover has the large initials ‘LL'. Clark turns away from his mother and starts to read it out loud, smiling.  
 Clark: “Dear Clark. Drive safely. Always in your debt. A maniac in a Porsche.”  
 Martha is watching him speculatively.  
 Clark: (Amazed) I don't believe it. (He turns back to Martha) Where are the keys?  
 Martha: Your father has them.  
 Clark looks worried.  
 Cut to Jonathan feeding wood into a large chipper. We see Clark walking over. Jonathan turns off the machine and pulls off his ear protectors and goggles.  
 Jonathan: I know how much you want it, Son. But you can't keep it.  
 He walks past Clark, shaking his head.  
 Clark: (Argumentatively) Why not? I saved the guy's life.  
 Jonathan: So you think that you deserve a prize?  
 Clark: That's not what I meant. (Clark follows Jonathan) Look, how about you drive the new one and I'll drive the old one? Everybody wins.  
 Jonathan: This is not about winning Clark.  
 Clark: (Stridently) It's not like the Luthors can't afford it.  
 Jonathan: (Sighs) Do you want to know why that is? Do you remember Mr. Bell? We used to go fishing on his property? How about Mr. Guy? He used to send us pumpkins every Halloween. Well, Lionel Luthor promised to cut them in on a deal. He sent them flashy gifts. (Jonathan twirls the truck keys around on his finger) Only once they sold him their property, he went back on his word. He had them evicted, Son.  
 Clark: (Belligerently) So you're judging Lex on what his father did?  
 Jonathan: No, Clark, I'm not. I just want to make sure that you know where the money came from that bought that truck.  
 Clark stands a moment in consternation. Giving his father a hard look, Clark goes to the stairs and starts to go up to the loft.  
 Jonathan: (Sighs) Clark, I know you're upset, Son, but it's normal…  
 Clark throws his book bag on the stairs in frustration and comes back down to confront Jonathan.  
 Clark: (loudly in anger) Normal? (Walks back outside the barn to the chipper and flips it on. He hold up his hand) How about this? Is this normal? (He plunges his hand into the chipper)  
 Jonathan runs over to him. We hear gears grinding.  
 Jonathan: (In panic) Clark!  
 Jonathan tries to pull Clark's arm out of the chipper. He looks at Clark's arm in amazement as he realizes that it's not injured. Clark's shirtsleeve is tattered.  
 Clark: (Loudly in frustration) I didn't dive in after Lex's car! It hit me at 60 miles an hour! Does that sound normal to you? I'd give anything to be normal!  
 Clark stomps off past Jonathan and up the loft stairs. Jonathan sighs. We see Martha in the background looking on in concern. She gives Jonathan a, “I don't know what to tell you to do” look.  
 ***  
 Cut to Clark sitting in the loft next to the telescope. Jonathan comes up. He pulls something wrapped in cloth out of his jacket pocket. He picks something up from off a table. It looks like a little clock.  
 Jonathan: It's time, son.  
 Clark: (Dejectedly) Time for what?  
 Jonathan: The truth. (He sits down next to Clark) I want you to take a look at something. (He unwraps the item in the cloth. It's a article that looks something like a large diskette thing with strange symbols on it) I think it's from your parents. Your—Your real parents.  
 He passes it to Clark.  
 Clark: (Looking at it) What does it say?  
 Jonathan: I tried to decipher it for years but it's not written in any language known to man.  
 Clark looks at him suspiciously.  
 Clark: What do you mean?  
 Jonathan: Your real parents weren't exactly from around…here.  
 Jonathan casts a significant gaze in the direction of the telescope.  
 Clark: (Scoffing) What are you trying to tell me, Dad? That I'm from another planet?  
 Jonathan just looks at him.  
 Clark: (Incredulously) And I suppose you stashed my spaceship in the attic?  
 Jonathan: Actually, It's in the storm cellar.  
 Cut to the storm cellar. Jonathan is pulling a tarp off Clark's spaceship.  
 Jonathan: This is how you came into our world, Son. It was the day of the meteor show.  
 Clark backs away.  
 Clark: Wait, this is a joke, right? (He turns away from Jonathan then turns back in anger. To Jonathan loudly) Why didn't you tell me about this before?  
 Jonathan: We wanted to protect you.  
 Clark: (Yelling) Protect me from what? You should have told me!  
 Clark super speeds it away from Jonathan and the ship.  
 Jonathan: Clark. Clark!  
 ***  
 The camera pans Lana riding into a cemetery on a horse. She's carrying flowers. She dismounts and hears a noise.  
 Lana: Who's there?  
 Clark: It's me. (He steps out of the shadows) Clark.  
 Lana: (Surprised) Clark Kent? What are you doing creeping around the woods?  
 Lana walks towards him.  
 Cut to Clark standing by a large angel statute with wings. The juxtaposition makes it look like Clark has wings.  
 Clark: You'd never believe me if I told you. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to scare you.  
 He turns to walk away.  
 Lana: Clark, wait. (She walks over to him) I just wasn't expecting to see anyone out here. Are you okay?  
 Clark: I'm hanging out in a graveyard. Does this strike you as okay behavior?  
 Lana: Hey, I'm here, too.  
 Clark: Good point. What's your story?  
 Lana: Can you keep a secret?  
 Clark: I'm the Fort Knox of secrets.  
 Lana: I… Came out here to talk to my parents. (She laughs a little with embarrassment and turns away) you must think I'm pretty weird. You know, conversing with dead people.  
 Clark: No, I—I Don't think you're weird, Lana. Do you remember them?  
 Lana: They died when I was three.  
 Clark: I'm sorry.  
 Lana: It's not your fault, Clark. (She smiles and takes Clark's hand, leading him over to a gravesite) Mom, Dad—this is Clark Kent. (To Clark) Say hi.  
 Clark: Hi. (Clark waves and Lana laughs)  
 Cut to a tombstone. It says “Lewis (1957 – 1989) and Laura (1959 – 1989) Lang. Forever Loved”.  
 Lana squats down and puts the flowers on the grave. Clark squats down also.  
 Lana: (Talking to the gravestone) Yeah, he is kind of shy. (She listens) How should I know? (To Clark) Mom wants to know if you're upset about a girl.  
 Clark shakes and ducks his head.  
 Clark: No.  
 Lana: Dad wants to know if you're upset about a guy.  
 Clark: (Quickly) No! No.  
 Lana laughs.  
 Lana: He has a twisted sense of humor.  
 Clark smiles, ducks his head.  
 Lana: Seriously, Clark… Why are you out here?  
 Clark: Lana, you ever feel like your life was supposed to be something different?  
 She nods her head.  
 Lana: Sometimes I dream I'm at school, waiting for Nell to pick me up. But she doesn't come, so my parents drive p. They're not dead, they're just really late. Then I get in their car and we drive back to my real life in Metropolis. That's usually when I wake up. But for a minute, I'm totally happy, until I realize I'm still alone.  
 Lana looks down.  
 Clark: (As if he hears someone speaking) What's that Mrs. Lang?  
 Lana looks over at Clark slowly.  
 Clark: Yeah—Yeah, I'll tell her. (To Lana) Your mom wants you to know that you're never alone. That she's always looking over you. No matter what.  
 Lana looks at him in wonder, smiling a little.  
 Clark: What's that, Mr. Lang? (To Lana) Your dad thinks you're a shoe in for Homecoming queen.  
 Lana smiles, laughs.  
 Lana: They really say all that?  
 Clark: Oh, yeah. They're quite chatty, once you get them started.  
 Lana smiles  
 Cut to Clark walking Lana in from her barn  
 Lana: thanks for walking me home.  
 Clark: Beats creeping around the woods.  
 Lana laughs.  
 Lana: Do you realize this is the longest conversation we've ever had? (She stops walking. Looks over at Clark) We should do it again.  
 Clark: Yeah, we should. (He pauses, then says in a rush) So you going to the dance?  
 Lana: Yeah, with Whitney.  
 Clark: (Hurriedly) Right. (He looks down) Of course.  
 Lana: How about you?  
 Clark: Nah. Figured I'd sit it out.  
 Lana: Well… If you change your mind, I might save you a dance. (She kisses him on the cheek) Goodnight, Clark. (She walks off, looking back once and smiling)  
 Cut to Clark grinning.  
 Cut to Whitney, standing on Lana's porch watching Clark walk away.  
 ***  
 The camera pans the outside of stately Luthor Manor. Cut to the inside of the house. We see Clark walking down a deserted hallway looking around.  
 Clark: Hello?  
 He looks around. Walks to the door of a room, and suddenly hears and sees two people fencing. Clark watches with surprise. The female combatant pins the man to the wall. In frustration, the man throws his sword across the room, at the wall right next to where Clark is standing. The sword is embedded in the wall by his head. Clark looks at the sword by his head in shock.  
 Cut to the guy taking off his mask. It's Lex.  
 Lex: Clark?  
 Clark glances nervously at the sword in the wall by his head.  
 Lex: I didn't see you.  
 Clark: (Nervously) I…Uh… buzzed but no one answered.  
 Lex walks over to him. He grabs the swords and pulls it out of the wall. Clark looks on nervously.  
 Lex: How'd you get through the gate?  
 Clark: (Quickly, self-consciously) I kinda squeezed through the bars. (Adds quickly) If this is a bad time—  
 Lex: Oh, no, no. I think Hykia has sufficiently kicked my ass for the day.  
 He walks over to her and tosses her his mask.  
 Clark: (Looking around in Awe as Lex walks past him) This is a great place.  
 Lex: Yeah? If you're dead and in the market for something to haunt.  
 Clark: (Quickly, self-consciously) I meant, it's roomy.  
 Lex walks out of the room and into the hallway. Clark follows.  
 Lex: It's the Luthor ancestral home, or so my father claims. He had it shipped over from Scotland stone by stone.  
 Clark looks around.  
 Clark: Yeah, I remember trucks rolled through town for weeks but on one ever moved in.  
 Lex stops as he's ascending the staircase to the second floor. He turns back and looks down at clark, who had been trailing along behind him and who was still on the first floor landing.  
 Lex: My father had no intention of living here. He's never even stepped through the front door.  
 Clark: Then why'd he ship it over?  
 Lex: Because he could.  
 Cut to a second room with workout equipment in it. Implicating that they are on the second floor of the mansion. There's a fire blazing in the fireplace. Lex pulls off his white fencing jacket. He has a black shirt on underneath.  
 As he moves around the room quickly, he removes his fencing uniform and gets otherwise organized.  
 Lex: How's the new ride?  
 Clark: That's why I'm here.  
 Lex crosses the room. Throws the fencing jacket. Places a towel around his neck. He goes over to a table with beverages and fruit, and with his back to Clark, starts opening a blue bottle of water.  
 Lex: What's the matter? You don't like it?  
 Clark: (Quickly) No, it's not that. I can't keep it.  
 Lex pauses as if vexed, as if the thought of Clark saying no never occurred to him. He puts down the water and turns, walking over to Clark. He pulls up his sleeves. Looking Clark in the eye earnestly, then looking him up and down…  
 Lex: Clark, you saved my life. I think It's the least I can do.  
 Clark looks down.  
 Lex: Your father doesn't like me, does he?  
 Clark takes a breath as if he's about to say something.  
 Lex: (Forestalls him) It's okay. (Lex reaches up and rubs his bald head) I've been bald since I was nine (he turns towards an oval, full length mirror) I'm used to people judging me before they get to know me.  
 Lex stares in the mirror.  
 Clark: It's nothing personal. He's just not crazy about your dad.  
 Lex: (Looking in the mirror) Figures the apple doesn't fall far from the tree? (Lex nods) Understandable. (He turns away from the mirror, back towards Clark) What about you, Clark? Did you fall far from the tree?  
 Clark doesn't say anything, just looks down, and then up at Lex. Lex smiles a little at him, coyly.  
 Clark: I better go. Thanks for the truck.  
 Clark hands Lex the keys to the truck. He turns and walks towards the door.  
 Lex: (Calling out) Clark…  
 Clark stops, turns.  
 Lex: Do you believe a man can fly?  
 Clark: Sure. In a plane.  
 Lex: No, I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about soaring through the clouds with nothing but air beneath you.  
 Clark: People can't fly, Lex  
 Lex: I did. (He turns away) After the accident, when my heart stopped. (He turns back) It was the most exhilarating two minutes of my life. (He stares off into space) I flew over Smallville, and for the first time, I didn't see a dead end. I saw a new beginning. (He looks at Clark, smiling slightly) Thanks to you I have a second chance.  
 Clark looks down.  
 Lex: (Intensely) We have a future, Clark… (Clark looks up at Lex) And I don't want anything to stand in the way of our friendship.  
 ***  
 Cut to town. We see emergency medical personal taking a man out of a store on a stretcher. There's a crowd. We see Chloe and Pete in the crowd and then we see Jeremy.  
 Pete: That's the third guy this week.  
 Chloe: and they're all former jocks.  
 Pete taps Chloe on the shoulder to get her attention.  
 Pete: (Indication Jeremy) Who's the weirdo?  
 Chloe: I don't know. Let's check him out.  
 Chloe takes a picture of Jeremy.  
 Cut to the torch office at the high school. We see a high school yearbook picture of Jeremy Creek.  
 Chloe: His name's Jeremy Creek. This is a picture of him twelve years ago. (Cut to a computer screen) This is one I took four hours ago.  
 We see Pete and Clark standing around.  
 Clark: That's impossible. He'd be like 26 today. Must be a kid who looks like him.  
 Pete: My money was on the evil twin theory, till we checked this missing persons.  
 Chloe passes Clark a report.  
 Chloe: Jeremy disappeared from the state infirmary a few days ago where he'd been in a coma for 12 years. They say he suffered from massive electrolyte imbalance.  
 Pete: that's why he hasn't aged a day.  
 Clark: So you're telling me he just woke up.  
 Chloe: Well, no, there was a huge electrical storm, and the hospital's generator went down, and when it came back on, Jeremy was gone.  
 Pete: The electricity must have charged him up like a Duracell.  
 Clark: And now he's back in Smallville, putting former jocks into comas. Why?  
 Pete: Because twelve years ago today, they chose Jeremy Creek as the scarecrow.  
 Chloe hands Clark a newspaper clipping.  
 Clark: (Reading aloud) “comatose boy found in field, twenty yards from meteor strike.”  
 Chloe: The exposure to the blast must have done something to his body.  
 Clark: (Disbelieving) No, this can't be right.  
 Pete: (To Chloe) I think you ought to show him.  
 Clark: Show me what?  
 Cut to a door opening into a dark room. 
 Pete flips on a light.  
 Chloe: It started out as a scrapbook and just kind of mutated.  
 Clark: What is it?  
 Chloe: I call it the Wall of Weird.  
 Cut to a wall of all kinds of newspaper clippings and photographs. Chloe stands in front of it and spreads her arms out.  
 Chloe: it's every strange, bizarre and unexplained event that's happened in Smallville since the meteor shower.  
 Cut to a Smallville Ledger article on the wall that says: “area man gains finger on left hand – loses one on right.”  
 Chloe: That's when it all began – when the town went schitzo.  
 Another article: “River dredging reveals bizarre, glow in the dark Geodes.”  
 Chloe: So, what do you think?  
 Clark: (Slowly) Why didn't you tell me about this?  
 Clark walks over and studies the wall.  
 Chloe: (With annoyance) Do you tell me everything that happens in your life? We all keep secrets, Clark.  
 The camera pans across the wall, stopping on a Time magazine cover with a young Lana Lang on it in her princess outfit, crying. Title says: “Heart Break in the Heart Land.” Clark stares at it in shock.  
 Clark: Lana? My fault. It's all my fault.  
 Clark rushes out.  
 Chloe and Pete stare after him in confusion.  
 Cut to the front of the high school. Kids are exiting the building, cheering. We see Clark walking down the stairs. A hand reaches out from behind and grabs his shoulder. 
 Clark turns around.  
 Clark: (Belligerently turning around) Chloe, just leave me alone.  
 Clark spins around. We see that it's Whitney that has him by the shoulder.  
 Whitney: Congratulations, Clark. You're this year's scarecrow.  
 Angrily, Clark knocks Whitney's grip off his shirt.  
 Clark: (Belligerently) Don't mess with me right now.  
 Whitney: (Belligerently posturing) Come on. (He pushes Clark) Bring it on.  
 Whitney pulls off his jacket. Clark goes to punch him and we see Lana's necklace hanging around his neck. Clark flinches and Whitney throws him to the ground.  
 Whitney grabs him by the shirt.  
 Whitney: (Threateningly) What's going on with you and Lana?  
 Whitney growls and we see the necklace hanging around his neck. 
 Clark looks sick.  
 Clark: Nothing.  
 Clark is staring at the necklace in horror.  
 Whitney: Huh? Like her necklace? (He rips the necklace off his neck) Huh? Good. Cause this is as close as you're ever going to get to her.  
 He ties the necklace around Clark's neck. 
 Whitney and his jock friends pick Clark up and dump him in the back of a pickup truck.  
 Cut to Jeremy watching from the shadows.  
 It's night. Cut to a man roped to a cross in a cornfield. The camera pans over. It's Clark. He has Lana's necklace around his neck. It's glowing. He has a red ‘S' spray painted on his chest and has on a blue pair of boxers. Clark is shuddering and breathing hard.  
 We see that Jeremy is watching him.  
 Jeremy: It never changes.  
 Clark: Help me.  
 Jeremy: Hurts, doesn't it?  
 Clark: You-- You're—You're Jeremy.  
 Jeremy: I thought if I punished them it would stop. But it never stops.  
 Jeremy starts to walk away.  
 Clark: Wait. Where are you going?  
 Jeremy: Homecoming dance. I never made it to mine.  
 Clark: Get me down. Please.  
 Jeremy: You're safer here.  
 Jeremy walks off.  
 Cut to a picture of the sign outside of Luthor Fertilizer Plant No. 3. We see Lex driving in a car. Lex sees Jeremy jumping over the fence, exiting the cornfield. Lex stops. Stares. Jeremy looks at him. Lex flashes back to his ordeal in the cornfield as a child. He gets out of the car. Looks, but Jeremy is gone. He goes to get back into the car. Then suddenly, he hears a low voice.  
 Clark: Help me.  
 We see Lex making his way through the cornfield with a flashlight. He finds Clark.  
 Lex: (Astonished) Clark?  
 Clark's head is hanging down. When Lex says his name, he looks.  
 Lex: Aw, jeez. (Lex rushes over to Clark, starts trying to get him down) Who did this to you?  
 Clark: Doesn't matter.  
 Clark falls to the ground. The necklace comes off. The glowing green light dies. Clark is suddenly rejuvenated. He jumps over to his clothes.  
 Lex: (Surprised) Clark, you need to see a doctor.  
 Clark: (Dismissed him quickly) I'll be okay.  
 Clark rushes off through the cornstalks.  
 Lex: (Calling out) Well, at least let me give you a ride!  
 Lex lets his flashlight fall to his side in confusion. As it does, he notices Lana's necklace on the ground. He picks it up. It's a dull green. He studies it then looks over in the direction that Clark took.  
 ***  
 Cut to the Smallville High Homecoming dance. We see Jeremy skulking around outside. Cut to the inside of the building. We see kids dancing. We're seeing Chloe and Pete dancing and Lana and Whitney dancing. Lana and Whitney are wearing the crowns for Homecoming King and Queen.  
 Cut to Jeremy as the fire sprinkler system box outside the building. He opens it up.  
 Clark: Jeremy. You need to stop this.  
 Jeremy stops in surprise and looks behind him. Clark is standing off in the distance.  
 Jeremy: I don't know how you got here but you should have stayed away.  
 Clark: (Warningly) I won't let you hurt my friends.  
 Jeremy: Those people in there aren't your friends. The sprinklers will get them nice and wet. I'll handle the rest.  
 Clark: They never did anything to you.  
 Jeremy: I'm not doing this for me. I'm doing this for you and for all the others like us.  
 Clark: What happened to you was my fault. I can understand your pain.  
 Jeremy: I'm not in pain. I have a gift, and a purpose, and a destiny.  
 He turns away but Clark is in front of him again, using his super speed.  
 Clark: So do I.  
 Jeremy reaches out and attempts to electrocute Clark. Clark throws him into a car. Jeremy gets up and looks at Clark angrily.  
 Clark: Give it up, Jeremy.  
 Jeremy gets in the car and attempts to run Clark over. Clark gets smashed into a wall that has an emergency hydrant attached to it. The car, with Clark in front of it, bursts through the wall, busting the pipe. Water leaks into the car, electrocuting Jeremy.  
 Clark pulls the door off the car. We see electricity running all along Jeremy's body. Then the electricity shorts out. Jeremy looks up at Clark in confusion.  
 Clark: Are you okay?  
 Jeremy: Who are you? Where am I?  
 Clark: I'm Clark Kent. And you're in Smallville  
 Jeremy: I want to go home.  
 Clark nods.  
 Cut to the dance. We see Lana and Whitney dancing. We see Clark watching from the shadows. We see Lana and Whitney kiss.  
 Cut to Clark walking in the parking lot. He sees the parked cars and gets a speculative look on his face. He grins.  
 Cut to Lana and Whitney exiting the gym, saying goodbye to people. Bunches of people are standing around, laughing. Whitney runs over and sees that his truck, along with two other trucks are piled, one on top of the other.  
 Whitney: (Angrily) Who did this to my truck?  
 We see Clark in the distance. He stops, looks over at Whitney, smirks, then walks off.  
 We see Lana look off in the distance in confusion as if she sees Clark.  
 ***  
 Cut to Clark in the loft looking out at the sky through his telescope.  
 Jonathan: Your grandfather gave me that telescope when I was—was about your age. I came downstairs for breakfast on morning and there it was.  
 Clark sits down. Jonathan sighs.  
 Jonathan: Are you okay?  
 Clark looks over at his father for a long moment.  
 Clark: Can I answer that in about five years?  
 Jonathan: (Smiling) Yeah.  
 Jonathan goes to leave, and starts to walk down the stairs.  
 Clark: Dad… (Clark is standing at the loft railing looking down at his dad on the ground floor) I'm glad you and mom are the ones that found me.  
 Jonathan: We didn't find you, Clark. You found us.  
 They smile at each other.  
 Cut to Clark in the loft. He turns on the radio. 
 Lana appears, still dressed in her Homecoming gown and crown.  
 Lana: I didn't see you tonight, Clark.  
 Clark: (Surprised) Lana. What are you doing here?  
 Lana: I saved you that dance. (She walks over and they start to dance. She stops and looks at him) Is everything okay, Clark?  
 Clark: It's perfect.  
 Horn honks, and we realize that Clark is daydreaming. He walks over to the window. He sees a car caravan from the party in front of Lana's house. Lana is standing on her porch steps, waving.  
 Clark: (Softly, to himself) Thanks for the dance, Lana.  
 Lana turns, as if she hears him. She smiles, ducks her head, then heads into the house.  
 End. 
 
Transcribed by: LexSlash LLC and Theresa. Re-transcribed by: Ezmeralda 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 