Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x01 - Vortex - Smallville 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x01 - Vortex https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=25&t=4657 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 09/29/02 03:23 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x01 - Vortex 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Episode #201 - "Vortex"  
 Original airdate: September 24, 2002  
 Written by: Alfred Gough and Miles Millar with teleplay by Philip Levens. 
 Directed by: Greg Beeman  
 Act 1 Teaser  
 We see Clark's spaceship flying over a cornfield and heading straight for the tornado. Day. It flies inside and gets struck by several flying objects. The octagonal piece of metal comes loose and falls out, causing the ship to lose its power and begin falling to the ground.  
 Farther down in the tornado, we see Lana's truck circling around. Inside, she rolls off of the front seat and lies face down on the floor. The driver side door rips off and Clark grabs hold of the truck.  
 Clark: Aaah!  
 Lana remains on the floor, not seeing him. He grabs onto the steering wheel and pulls himself inside. He throws himself on top of Lana and holds on to her as the truck rips into pieces until nothing is left but the floor they are on.  
 [CUT TO Lex's study] 
 Lionel is still trapped under the column and Lex is standing over him.  
 Lionel: Lex! I'm your father! (He reaches out his hand. Lex stays still) Son!  
 Lex finally kneels down and pushes the column off of Lionel. He pulls Lionel out of the way just as the hanging piece of the ceiling falls to the floor, missing them both.  
 Lex: Dad. Dad! NO!  
 [CUT TO Jonathan chasing Roger through the woods] 
 Roger still has his camera. He trips. As he gets up, he takes the tape out of his camera.  
 Jonathan: Nixon!  
 Jonathan grabs him by the waist and pulls him to the ground. Roger gets back up and punches Jonathan in the face. Jonathan punches Nixon back, sending him to the ground.  
 Jonathan: Give me the camera!  
 Roger Nixon: Get the hell away from me!  
 Nixon throws the camera behind Jonathan and begins to run away.  
 Jonathan goes for the camera, but looks up to see a motor home falling to the ground right above them. He grabs Roger and throws him into a hole in the ground and jumps in after him. They tumble down a flight of concrete stairs into an underground shelter just as the motor home lands, blocking their way out.  
 CUT TO Lana lying on the ground unconscious with Clark bent over her.  
 Clark: Lana? Lana!  
 The tornado can be seen diminishing behind him as he looks around, trying to figure out what to do.  
 [Opening Credits]  
 Act 1 Scene 1  
 [Smallville Medical Center] 
 Day. The emergency room is packed with patients on gurneys, doctors, and nurses. Clark comes in carrying Lana, who is still unconscious.  
 Clark: I need help! I need a doctor here! (He puts her down on an empty gurney, and grabs a hold of adoctor) I need help now!  
 Doctor: What have we got? (Shines a light into Lana's eyes) Pupils are responsive. Respiration appears normal. Got a good pulse. She's gonna be all right. Can you tell me her name?  
 We hear a small rush of wind and when the doctor looks up, Clark is gone.  
 [CUT TO Clark super speeding into the storm cellar]  
 Clark: Mom! Dad! (He turns around and sees Martha's feet poking out from around the corner) Momma! Momma! (She startles awake) Mom. Mom, are you okay?  
 Martha: Clark, Clark... we have to find your father. He was outside when the tornado hit.  
 Clark: I'm gonna get you to a hospital.  
 Martha: No, no, Clark! Clark! Listen to me. That reporter was in the cellar.  
 Clark: Nixon?  
 Martha: He videotaped the ship. He's going to expose your secret. Your father chased him out into the storm.  
 Clark: I've got to find him. (Clark notices that the ship is gone) Mom? Where's the ship?  
 Martha turns around to and sees it's gone.  
 Act 1 Scene 2  
 We see Lionel unconscious at the Smallville Medical Center. Day. He is in a neck brace and his head is bandaged. Lex and the doctor are talking.  
 Doctor: The swelling in his vertebrae resulted in partial loss of nerve control in his legs. His spleen is ruptured and he sustained severe trauma to his optic nerve.  
 Lex: I want a medivac to Metropolis General immediately. I want a team of specialists--  
 Doctor: Your father's still in critical condition. Moving him is not an option.  
 Lex: This isn't just any patient lying there, Doctor.  
 Doctor: I know who Lionel Luthor is, but I cannot give him any special treatment. We're overwhelmed as it is.  
 Lex: That's not what I meant. He's my father. Do everything you can for him.  
 The doctor nods and leaves the room.  
 Lionel: (Whispering) Lex... Lex...  
 Lex: Hey, Dad, I'm here. Don't worry. I'll fly in a specialist from Metropolis to personally supervise your case.  
 Lionel: (Weakly) I saw it... In your eyes, son. What you were thinking. Life would be so easy if I was out of your way...  
 Lex: Dad, I'm sorry.  
 Act 1 Scene 3  
 Clark looks for Jonathan in the fields around the farm. Day.  
 Clark: Dad! Dad!  
 Martha runs up.  
 Martha: We have to go back to the house!  
 Clark: Did you call the sheriff? And the hospital?  
 Martha: The phones are down.  
 Clark: Dad grew up in tornado country. You never get caught out in the open. The first thing you do is get shelter.  
 Martha: I don't know if he was thinking straight, Clark. I've never seen your father that angry. He said he wasn't going to let Nixon destroy our family.  
 Clark: Do you think he...  
 Martha: No, he would never do that.  
 Act 1 Scene 4  
 Jonathan stands up in the underground shelter. He looks over at Roger who is pinned underneath a large metal vase. Jonathan picks up a big pipe and walks toward Roger.  
 Nixion: Aah! Oh no! I won't say anything about your son, I swear to God! Please don't kill me!  
 Jonathan raises the pipe and brings it down with a clank. The tip hits the ground next to Roger and Jonathan uses it to pry the vase off of him.  
 Nixion: Oh, God! Oh, God, I thought you were gonna kill me.  
 Jonathan: Yeah, you would think that.  
 Jonathan throws the pipe aside.  
 Act 1 Scene 5  
 Chloe is walking through the Smallville Medical Center looking around. Day. She stops at Lana's room where Lana is packing her bag.  
 Chloe: Hey, Dorothy. Back from Oz?  
 Lana: Chloe.  
 Chloe: What are you doing? Shouldn't you be in bed for, like, a month?  
 Lana: I'm okay. The doctor said it's just a minor concussion. Besides, a lot of people need this bed a lot more than I do.  
 Chloe: Well, I'm just glad you're okay. What happened?  
 Lana: Well, um, I was driving back after dropping Whitney off when the wind picked up. This, um, mailbox slammed against my windshield and I went off the road. That's when I saw the twisters. Before I knew it, the truck was being sucked up.  
 Chloe: God. And you walked away with a small bump on your head. That's amazing even by Smallville standards.  
 Lana: No, it's impossible.  
 Chloe: What?  
 Lana: Nothing. The next thing I knew, I was waking up here.  
 Chloe: So you clicked your heels, said there's not place like home, and ended up in Smallville Medical Center.  
 Lana: Apparently, Clark brought me in.  
 Chloe: Clark.  
 Lana: Yeah. Um, have you seen him?  
 Chloe: No. Not since he vanished from the dance. I spent like three hours looking for him.  
 Lana: I guess the Spring Formal was kind of a bust, huh?  
 Chloe: Yeah, well, at least now I know where he disappeared to.  
 Lana: If it's any consolation, you guys look great together.  
 Chloe: It's not. But thanks.  
 Act 1 Scene 6  
 Clark is searching frantically through the loft. Night. He hears the door open.  
 Clark: Dad?  
 Lex: Clark. I ran into your mother at the hospital. She told me about your dad.  
 Clark: I've checked every inch of this place. I'm gonna head for the woods.  
 Lex: Clark. My father was injured in the twister. He's in pretty bad shape.  
 Clark: (Picking up a flashlight) Oh, Lex, I'm sorry. Is there anything I can do?  
 Lex: No, it's in the doctors' hands now. During the storm, my father was trapped beneath a column. If I hadn't pulled him out, he would have died. Before I did, I hesitated. I was thinking that maybe my life would be better off if I just left him to die.  
 Clark: You saved him. That's the important part.  
 Lex: No. My father won't see it that way. Forgiveness is not in his emotional lexicon. If anything, he'll probably see my saving him as a sign of weakness.  
 Clark: What are you going to do?  
 Lex: Help my friend find his dad. You got another flashlight?  
 CUT TO Clark and Lex searching the woods.  
 Clark: Dad!  
 Lex: Mr. Kent! Mr. Kent!  
 Clark: Dad!  
 Lex stops to look around and a dark liquid drips on his head. He looks up and sees Roger Nixion's car smashed into the trunk of the tree above him. Clark sees it too not knowing its Nixion's.  
 Clark: Do you know whose car that is?  
 Lex: No. But I think we can cover more ground if we split up.  
 Clark: Yeah. I'll meet you back here in a half hour.  
 Clark walks away.  
 CUT TO Jonathan standing at the entrance of the knocking on the door. He is holding a candelabra.  
 Jonathan: Great. (He walks away from the door and sees Roger searching for something) What are you doing?  
 Nixion: Looking for my cell phone. It's our only hope. The greatest story in human history and I'm not gonna get a chance to write it.  
 Jonathan: Clark is not a story. He's my son. And I'm not gonna let you sabotage his life while you make yourself famous.  
 Nixion: Is that why you chased me? What were you planning on doing, Kent? Were you gonna bludgeon me and bury me in a shallow grave?  
 Jonathan: You were trespassing on my property and you tried to kill my son in that truck!  
 Nixion: You have the most amazing being on earth doing chores on your farm! Why are you hiding him? Tell the world! Let them see for themselves.  
 Jonathan: I think I should leave that up to him for when he's older.  
 Nixion: When do you suppose that'll be? Draft age? Drinking age?  
 Jonathan: When he's ready.  
 Nixion: Why don't you stop playing the protector and admit the truth? You and your wife kept him because you couldn't have children of your own.  
 Jonathan: We kept him because he is our son and we love him.  
 Nixion: (Laughs) He's not your son, you deluded hick. He's not even human.  
 Jonathan punches him in the face, knocking him the ground.  
 Nixion: You can kill me if you want for saying this, but you know I'm right. You're just a small man whose son's destiny is too big for you to comprehend. (Jonathan lifts him to his feet, holding him by his shoulders) Clark doesn't belong to you. He belongs to the world.  
 They hear Roger's cell phone ringing on the ground. He runs over to it and picks it up.  
 Nixion: Hello? Lex!  
 Lex: (Walking through the woods) Nixon. Where the hell are you?  
 Jonathan grabs the phone from Roger and throws it across the room, shattering it.  
 Nixion: You stupid son of a bitch! I thought you wanted to get the hell out of here!  
 Jonathan: I did want to get out of here until I realized that you were in bed with Lex Luthor and I would rather rot down here than watch the two of you destroy my son's life.  
 [CUT TO Lex in the woods]  
 Lex: (Still on the phone) Nixon? You still there? (Clark walks up) Clark. I was just trying to call the fire department, see if we can get a rescue team out here.  
 Clark: (Ripping the phone out of Lex's hand) No you weren't. I heard you trying to talk to Roger Nixon. My mom said he was snooping around the farm today. He was with my dad when the tornado hit.  
 Lex: Clark, I didn't know Nixon was involved in this.  
 Clark: Why should I believe you? You already lied about knowing him once. (Lex doesn't answer) That's the second time you hesitated today, Lex. I'm starting to wonder if what my dad said about you is true.  
 Clark starts to leave.  
 Lex: Clark, wait! You're tired and upset.  
 Clark: Don't try to turn this around on me! Are you really here to find my dad or to find Nixon?  
 Lex: Do you even have to ask?  
 Clark: I don't have time for this. I got to find my dad.  
 Lex: Clark!  
 Clark keeps walking.  
 Clark: Dad!  
 Fade to black.  
 Act 2 Scene 1  
 [We see the outside of the Talon] 
 Day. The marquee says Tornado Relief Center. Inside, Martha puts a picture of Jonathan on a missing persons bulletin board.  
 Martha: (To Clark) I'm going to talk to the Red Cross people, see if they have any new information about your father.  
 Martha walks away.  
 Lana: Clark. Any luck?  
 Clark: (Shaking his head) We looked all night. The search and rescue team combed the farm this morning, but they didn't find anything either. I don't know what to do. He's been missing for over 12 hours.  
 Lana: They'll find him, Clark. I know it.  
 Clark: Thanks. I thought you'd be home recuperating.  
 Lana: I wanted to help. You know, a lot of people helped me out after the meteor shower. It meant a lot.  
 Clark: I'm just glad you're okay.  
 Lana: Um, so how did you find me?  
 Clark: I was lucky, I guess. You were in a field next to the road. You must have been thrown free from the truck.  
 Lana: Is that really what happened?  
 Clark: Yeah. Why?  
 Lana: I just keep seeing something that doesn't make any sense. The truck was caught up in the tornado, and you... you just...  
 Martha: Clark. No new word.  
 Lana: I better get back to work. You'll find him.  
 She walks away.  
 Martha: I'm going to stay and work the phone banks. If anybody's seen or found him, they'll call in. They just discovered an old couple trapped in their garage this morning, so there's still hope.  
 Clark: Dad's missing because of me. I brought this upon us.  
 Martha: You can't blame yourself. You can't change who you are. As long as you live, people will try to exploit you. You father and I have tried to shelter you as long as possible, but one day we won't be there for you. And you're gonna have to carry the burden of your gifts on your own.  
 Clark: Don't say that, Mom.  
 Martha: And when your day comes, I have no doubt in my heart that you'll make us proud. Now go back out there.  
 Act 2 Scene 2  
 Jonathan and Roger in the shelter. Day. Jonathan is digging at the wall.  
 Jonathan: These old foundations... they mixed lead in with the cement for stability.  
 Nixion: What, you're afraid we're gonna die of lead poisoning?  
 Jonathan: Clark can't see through lead.  
 Nixion: He can see through solid objects? Unbelievable. What else can he do? Do you have any idea what I would do with his abilities? The wealth, the power he could amass. It's unimaginable.  
 Jonathan: You are exactly the reason why I keep his abilities a secret.  
 Nixion: If it wasn't me, it would've been someone else. It was just a matter of time before this story got out.  
 Jonathan: Yeah.  
 Nixion: The people have a right to know!  
 Jonathan: Without any regard to the consequences to my son.  
 Nixion: Mr. Kent, since the beginning of time, people have been looking up at the stars and wondering “What's out there?” Clark is the answer that they have been waiting for.  
 Jonathan: I think I know a way out of here.  
 Nixion: You gonna tell me what that is?  
 Jonathan: You give me the tape of the ship and I will.  
 Nixion: That's not gonna happen.  
 Jonathan: It's your life or your story. You've gotta decide which is more important. I have.  
 Roger pauses. Then he pulls the tape out of his pocket and tosses it to Jonathan. Jonathan opens the top and rips out the film.  
 Nixion: Are you going to share your plan with me?  
 Jonathan hands Roger a stick and leads him to the wall.  
 Jonathan: Feel that. Go on.  
 Nixion: The mortar's weaker here.  
 Jonathan: Yep. If we can get through here, I'm sure that we can tunnel up to the surface.  
 They start to dig.  
 Act 2 Scene 3  
 Clark walks outside his house. Day. Lex is leaning against his car on his cell phone.  
 Lex: I gotta go. (He hangs up.) Clark.  
 Clark: What do you want?  
 Lex: I should have come out and told you the truth right away. I do know Roger Nixon. I was just trying to protect you.  
 Clark: Protect me from what?  
 Lex: Before the tornado, Nixon approached me. He offered to sell me information about your family.  
 Clark: What kind of information?  
 Lex: It doesn't matter now, Clark. The man's a liar. He'll do anything for a story. I warned him to stay away from your family. When I saw his car I realized he might have had something to do with your father's disappearance.  
 Clark: Why didn't you tell me before?  
 Lex: I didn't want to alarm you unless I knew for sure.  
 Clark: You know, Lex, I don't know what to believe anymore.  
 Lex: Believe that I'm your friend. I got something to show you.  
 He goes back to his car and pulls out a map.  
 Clark: What's that?  
 Lex: It's a map. A cellular frequency grid to be exact. I had my people look into it. Only one cell tower survived the storm, meaning Nixon and possibly your father had to be within a one-mile radius of where we were last night. I don't know if it will help, but it's worth a shot.  
 Act 2 Scene 4  
 Clark, Chloe, and Pete look for Jonathan in the woods. Day.  
 Pete: Mr. Kent!  
 Clark: Dad!  
 Chloe: (Looking at a map) Well, this is the edge of the grid.  
 Pete: And there are no structures marked on the map. Sorry, Clark.  
 Chloe: Wait. What's that?  
 They turn to see the motor home.  
 Pete: The twister must have dropped it here.  
 Clark uses his x-ray vision to look through it, but doesn't see Jonathan.  
 Clark: He's not in here.  
 Chloe: What are you, part bloodhound?  
 Pete: Yeah, how do you know? Mr. Kent!  
 Chloe finds Roger's camera on the ground and picks it up.  
 Clark: Dad!  
 Pete: Mr. Kent!  
 [CUT TO Roger and Jonathan digging a tunnel through the ground]  
 Nixion: Did you hear that?  
 Jonathan: It's the kids! Chloe! Pete!  
 Nixion: Help!  
 Jonathan: We're down here!  
 Nixion: They can't hear us! They can't! I got to keep on digging!  
 Jonathan: Roger, take it easy! It's not stable down here!  
 The tunnel starts to cave in.  
 Jonathan: Roger!  
 They both fall back into the shelter, half-buried in the dirt and rocks.  
 Chloe: Did you hear something?  
 Clark uses his x-ray vision again and still sees nothing.  
 Clark: Come on. Let's start again.  
 Chloe: Mr. Kent!  
 Clark: Dad!  
 Back in the shelter, we see Roger and Jonathan unconscious in the rubble. Next Rodger are several meteor rocks.  
 Fade to black.  
 
 
 
 Act 3 Scene 1  
 Lana is watching the news in the Talon. Day.  
 Reporter: Here we see a terrifying example of the tornado's fury. This truck was literally ripped apart. Incredibly the young driver, Lana Lang, survived, reminding us that even in the midst of utter devastation miracles can happen.  
 Martha: (Walking up behind Lana) It must have been awful for you.  
 Lana: Yeah, uh, I don't think I've ever been that scared in my entire life.  
 Martha: I'm glad you're all right.  
 They hug.  
 Lana: Thanks for all your help, Mrs. Kent. I know it must be hard for you right now.  
 Martha: I'm a saint. (They laugh) I just can't believe how familiar all this feels.  
 Lana: The meteor shower?  
 Martha: Yeah. God. I remember it like it was yesterday.  
 Lana: Yeah, me too.  
 Martha: Oh, I'm sorry. I-I didn't mean to dredge up bad memories.  
 Lana: It's okay. For so long, it seemed to define me, that fairy princess picture on “Time” magazine.  
 Martha: Well, if it makes you feel any better, you made one wish come true that day. Jonathan and I were in Nell's buying flowers right before the meteor shower, and you were sitting on the counter with your wings and wand, and you asked me if I wanted to make a wish. So I did. And not long after that, Clark came into our lives. I-I've never even told Clark that story.  
 Lana: Clark is so lucky to have you and Mr. Kent as parents. I've always been kind of envious. You seem so open.  
 Martha: I'm glad that you and Clark have become close.  
 Lana: Yeah. Me too.  
 Act 3 Scene 2  
 Pete, Chloe, and Clark continue to look for Jonathan in the woods. Day.  
 Pete: Mr. Kent!  
 Chloe: Mr. Kent?  
 Pete: Mr. Kent!  
 Pete keeps walking as Clark and Chloe slow down.  
 Clark: Uh, Chloe? I've been wanting to apologize for leaving you at the Formal--  
 Chloe: Oh, didn't I tell you that leaving in the middle of a tornado to save a friend totally gets you off the hook? Besides, I mean, I know you'd do the same thing for me.  
 Clark: Oh, in a heartbeat. So, how can I make it up to you?  
 Chloe: Actually, you know, I've been thinking. It's funny how a natural disaster puts your life in perspective, but I think that it might be better if we just stayed really good friends. Anything other than that just gets too complicated.  
 Clark: Uh... yeah. Yeah, I think that's a good idea.  
 Chloe: You do?  
 Clark: Yeah. Yeah, uh, our friendship is so important to me. The last thing I want to do is screw it up.  
 Chloe: Good. Great. Perfect. I'm really glad we got that straightened out.  
 Clark: I'm going to go check over here.  
 Chloe: Okay. I'll catch up in a sec. My feet are throbbing.  
 Clark walks away and Chloe starts to cry. Pete walks back.  
 Pete: Mr. Kent! (To Chloe) Hey.  
 Chloe: (Hiding her face.) Hey.  
 Pete: What's up with the fake smile?  
 Chloe: Nothing. Clark and I just reaffirmed that we're really good friends. And nothing else.  
 Pete: Pulled the friends card on you, huh?  
 Chloe: No, I did. Defense mechanism.  
 Pete: Listen, Chloe, it's okay to feel bummed out. Last night was supposed to be special and it got ruined.  
 Chloe: It was just so close to being perfect. Oh... listen to me. I sound so pathetic. A tornado hit. People are in real trouble and I'm upset because Clark didn't fulfill my wish fulfillment fantasy. You must think I'm an awful person.  
 Pete: Yeah. You're a real monster. Come on.  
 Pete puts his arm around her shoulder and they walk away together.  
 Act 3 Scene 3  
 Jonathan and Roger wake up in the rubble. Roger is coughing. Day.  
 Nixion: I can't breathe.  
 Jonathan: That cave-in must've cut off the air supply.  
 Nixion: (Sitting up) Dying in a tomb. That's ironic. At least you got a legacy to leave behind... and a son to be proud of.  
 Jonathan: The first time Clark used his abilities, he'd crawled under a big oak bed that my grandfather had made, and I crawled underneath it to try to get him out. All of a sudden the frame just came up in the air. (He laughs) He... he was a toddler lifting--I don't know--500 pounds over his head.  
 Nixion: What did you do?  
 Jonathan: We decided to take him to a doctor scientist, somebody more equipped to understand than we were. But when we got in front of the office, Martha... she said that if we left him there that... they would want to keep him and we'd never see him again. So I took him home. Now, that may have been a mistake, but it was a mistake I'd gladly make again.  
 Act 3 Scene 4  
 Lionel is being wheeled into an operating room. Day. Lex follows with two doctors.  
 Doctor #1: Time is of the essence. The spine may heal, but the damage to the optic nerve will only get worse the longer it goes untreated.  
 Lex: So surgery's the only option.  
 Doctor #2: No. I recommend against this. I say we let the patient's condition stabilize before surgery is attempted.  
 Doctor #1: Yeah, surgery's risky. But the alternative could be worse.  
 Doctor #2: It's your decision.  
 Lex: Do it.  
 Doctor #2: Fine.  
 Act 3 Scene 5  
 Martha, Pete, and Clark are looking through books of maps in the Kents' living room. Day.  
 Clark: Pete, where'd you get these maps?  
 Pete: My mom borrowed them from the county planner's office. They list every zoning change going back to 1920.  
 Clark: Look, the plans from 1988 show an old church near Hobson's Pond.  
 Pete: I've never seen a church near there.  
 Martha: That's because it was destroyed in the meteor shower.  
 Clark: Well, according to this, there's a crypt in the basement.  
 Martha: Your dad could've known about it.  
 Clark: I was right there. The motor home must have been concealing the entrance.  
 Pete: Clark. You can't take him out on your own.  
 Martha: Um, Clark? Pete and I will go into town. We'll get a rescue team and we'll meet you out there.  
 Clark: Okay.  
 He runs out.  
 CUT TO Clark super speeding up to the motor home. He kneels down to grab the edge and tips the whole thing over. He super speeds into the entrance and down the stairs.  
 Clark: Dad!  
 Jonathan: Clark!  
 Clark: Dad!  
 He rushes to Jonathan's side.  
 Jonathan: Clark, Clark.  
 Clark tries to drag him out of the rubble, but is immediately affected by the meteor rocks. He falls collapses to the ground.  
 Nixion: Kent! What's happening to him?  
 Jonathan: Roger, you got to get him away from these meteor rocks. They make him sick. (Roger picks up one of the rocks) Come on! Get him out of here!  
 Roger takes the rock and puts it in Clark jacket pocket.  
 Jonathan: What are you doing?  
 Nixion: I don't need the tape. I got all the evidence I need right here.  
 He starts dragging Clark to the stairs.  
 Jonathan: What are you doing? Nixon! You don't understand. The rocks! Clark...  
 CUT TO Roger dragging Clark through the woods. He puts Clark down and pulls his key ring out of his pocket. He pushes a button on it and hears his car beep above him.  
 Nixion: Oh, son of a...  
 He turns around just as Jonathan jumps onto him and they both fall to the ground.  
 Jonathan: You're not... (Punches Roger in the face) taking my... (Punches him again) son!  
 Roger kicks him and gets up to run away. Jonathan grabs at his leg and stands up behind him, pushing his face into a tree trunk. Roger elbows Jonathan in the stomach and grabs onto a metal rod that is sticking out of the ground. He pulls it out and hits Jonathan across the face with it. Jonathan knocks into another tree and falls to the ground, his face bleeding.  
 Nixion: Like I said, the people have a right to know. And unlike you, Mr. Kent, I am willing to kill for what I believe in.  
 Roger raises the rod above his head to swing down, and we hear a gunshot. Roger looks down at his chest and sees a bleeding hole. He falls on top of Jonathan, revealing Lex standing behind him holding the gun. Jonathan pushes Roger away.  
 Jonathan: Clark!  
 Lex: Mr. Kent, are you okay?  
 Jonathan: Yeah. (Lex walks over to look at Roger) Son... you gotta help me. (He takes off Clark's jacket and throws it away) Clark, are you okay?  
 Clark: I'll survive.  
 Jonathan holds him close.  
 Lex, still holding the gun, stands over Roger's body.  
 Fade to black.  
 Act 4 Scene 1  
 Roger is zipped into a body bag outside by the motor home. Day. Martha and Clark are there.  
 Martha: Your dad's got a cracked rib, but he'll be all right.  
 Clark: Like you said, he's a survivor. So are you, Mom. I never realized how strong you were until today.  
 Martha: Well, thanks, Clark, but I was terrified.  
 Clark: You didn't show it. You were like Super Mom.  
 They get to the ambulance where Jonathan is putting his shirt back on after being bandaged.  
 Clark: Dad, how are you feeling?  
 Jonathan: (To the paramedic) Thank you. (To Clark) I feel kind of like a house fell on me, that's how I feel.  
 Clark: Look, Dad, I-I'm glad that you didn't, you know...  
 Jonathan: What? Kill Nixon? Son, I have to admit to you, it was the hardest thing I ever did. It took every fiber of my being. But I started thinking about you and what your mom and I have tried to teach you. I realized if I'd have done that, Nixon would have won.  
 Clark: It's a good thing Lex was there.  
 Jonathan: Clark, Nixon told me that Lex offered to pay him for information on us.  
 Clark: Lex told me he warned Nixon to stay away.  
 Jonathan: One of them is lying, son.  
 Clark: The question you need to ask yourself is which one tried to kill you, and which one saved your life.  
 Cop: (To Lex) If I have anymore questions, I'll give you a call, Mr. Luthor.  
 The cop walks away as Lex approaches the Kents.  
 Lex: Mr. Kent.  
 Jonathan: Lex.  
 Lex: Look--  
 Jonathan: Lex, you saved my life and I want to say thank you.  
 Lex: (Pause) To a fresh start.  
 He offers his hand. Jonathan shakes it.  
 Jonathan: Yeah.  
 Clark and Martha smile.  
 Act 4 Scene 2  
 Chloe is sitting at her computer in the Torch. Day. We see a picture of her and Clark from the Spring Formal on the monitor. She wipes her eyes and drags the mouse down to a box that says “Are you sure you want to delete this file?” She clicks “OK.” Another picture from the dance pops up in its place. The same box appears at the bottom of the screen and she clicks “OK” to delete it. Several more pictures pop up and she goes through the same process, obviously hurting.  
 Finally, another box appears saying “The Trash contains 10 items, which use 5.4 MB of disk space. Are you sure you want to remove these items permanently?” She raises her hands, exasperated. Then she drags the mouse to the box and clicks “Cancel.”  
 Act 4 Scene 3  
 Clark is walking outside his house and passes Jonathan. Day.  
 Jonathan: Clark. (Clark stops) Your mom told me about what happened to you and Lana in the tornado.  
 Clark: The only person who was there and I can't even share it with her.  
 Jonathan: Well, son, I'm here. You can share it with me if you want.  
 Clark: Dad, I've survived a lot. Being inside that twister... I've never been so scared in my life. I mean, I couldn't see anything, and things were bouncing off me. I didn't have any control. I know it could've been the wind, but all of a sudden I was moving toward the truck and it felt like I was willing myself to do it. (Pause) It felt like I was flying.  
 Act 4 Scene 4  
 Lex is sitting in Lionel's hospital room. Day. Lionel wakes up.  
 Lionel: (Whispering) Lex... Lex...  
 Lex: Dad? (He goes to the bed) Dad? How are you? The doctors won't tell me what's going on.  
 Lionel: (Quietly) I know. I wanted to tell you myself. There's every chance I'm going to get back the full use of my legs.  
 Lex: Well, that's great news... isn't it?  
 Lionel: I need to say something to you. If I've acted ruthlessly, it was because I knew my opponents wouldn't hesitate to do the same. I know you've always seen us as opponents, Lex. When I needed help... you saved my life. I thank you, son. (Lex takes his hand) Listen, I know you agreed to go right ahead right way to operate.  
 Lex: I thought it was best to take immediate action.  
 Lionel: I would have done the same thing, and we both... would have been wrong.  
 Lex: What are you saying?  
 Lionel: (He takes a breath) I'm blind. The operation failed, and that's not going to change. It would have been better if you'd not helped me, if you'd let me... die.  
 Lex rips his hand away from Lionel and starts to back up.  
 Lionel: (Reaching out) Lex... Lex... Lex.  
 Act 4 Scene 5  
 Clark is sitting in the loft. Day. Lana enters.  
 Lana: What are you doing, Clark?  
 Clark: Just thinking.  
 Lana: Looks like you're hiding.  
 Clark: I just can't wait for things to get back to normal.  
 Lana: It won't.  
 Clark: Why do you say that?  
 Lana: Nell used to tell me that after the meteor shower. But these events change you. It wipes out your illusions. You discover things about yourself.  
 Clark: What did you discover?  
 Lana: I've always had this sense that I was going to die young. Maybe because of my parents, I felt guilty I'd survived. When the tornado came, I thought this was it. Fate had finally found me. Then I saw you in the truck and you put your arms around me and you told me that everything was going to be okay. (Clark starts to protest) I know, it sounds crazy, but I started to think of all the other times that you've been there to protect me. And I thought maybe there's more to Clark Kent than meets the eye.  
 Clark: (He looks at her for a moment, then gets up) You're right. It does sound crazy. I mean, there's nothing more to me than what you see.  
 Lana: (Rising) Clark. You know you can tell me anything, right?  
 Clark: I know, Lana. But I wasn't in that truck.  
 Lana: Then how did I survive? It doesn't make any sense.  
 Clark: Maybe you just weren't meant to die young.  
 Lana: Just remember... you can't hide out here forever.  
 She passes him and goes down the stairs. She hesitates for a moment at the bottom, then heads for the door. We see her leaving as Clark stands at the edge of the upper floor above her.  
 CUT TO a cornfield as the sun is setting. There are rows of corn as far as we can see. The camera pans down and in a circle of flattened stalks lies Clark's spaceship.  
 Fade to black. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 