Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x17 - A Real Rain - Criminal Minds 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x17 - A Real Rain https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=31&t=12826 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/25/06 13:09 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x17 - A Real Rain 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 So are you a Knick fan? 
 10 million a year they're paying Larry Brown. 
 I can make him suck for just a half of that. 
 You're from here? 
 No. 
 Out of town? 
 Suit yourself. 
 You sure this is where you wanna be? 
 Did you hear me? 
 Walter Derbin, age 52. 
 His body was found in his cab in east Harlem. 
 He was blindfolded and shot once in the chest. 
 Death was caused by knife stab through his ear. 
 The unsub broke off the handle and put the blade lodged in his brain. 
 It's the same signature as two other murders. 
 Rachel Holman, 24, found in her apartment 3 weeks ago on the lower east side. 
 And Kaveh Surrani, 30. 
 The police found him 2 weeks later in his painting studio in hell's kitchen. 
 Different locations, different victimology. 
 It's possible we're looking for someone who'll hunt indiscriminately. 
 NYPD have any leads? 
 Guy's a ghost He kills at night. There's no witnesses. 
 Is the NYPD feeling the strain? 
 Well, they've withheld details so the press hasn't sniffed out a link between the murders. 
 With no discernable victim patterns, the killer's practically impossible to stop. 
 Did you know the original zodiac killer actually continually changed his victims. 
 Young, old, men, women, white, black. 
 Exactly, and he killed for 30 years without ever being caught. 
 W. H. Auden said: "Murder is unique. In that it abolishes the party it injures. 
 "So that society must take the place of the victim, and on his behalf, demand atonement or grant forgiveness". 
 This is not how I planned to spend a few days home in New York. 
 I'd kill for an afternoon at Barney's and dinner at il Cantinori. 
 I'm looking forward to seeing New York. 
 You've never been to New York? 
 We've never had an unsub there. 
 I thought you were gonna talk to Reid about taking some vacation time. 
 What's vacation time? 
 Reid, it's a one hour flight. 
 Well, if we have some time, I'll show you around. 
 It's 3 hour train ride, man. 
 Ok, here's what we know. Blitz attackers are almost always male. 
 He got picked up in the pouring rain by a New York cabbie, so we definitely know he's not a brother. 
 The fact that he kills in a major urban setting without detection indicates he's highly intelligent. 
 How intelligent can he be? 
 And blitz attackers are textbook disorganized killers. 
 Yeah, but he brings along a murder kit. 
 Blindfold, knife. How disorganized can he be? 
 We'll split up. We'll take the last two crime scenes. 
 In the meantime, let's talk about what we can agree on. 
 A blindfold likely means one of two things. 
 The unsub might blindfold them initially if he's unsure of killing them and wants to avoid detection. 
 Exactly. 
 But since we know the cab driver couldn't have been blindfolded when he drove the unsub, we're looking at reason number 2. 
 Blindfolding a victim suggests the unsub feels remorse. 
 Doesn't want his victims to look at him... 
 As he kills them. 
 What's in that building? 
 Nothing. It's been vacant for a couple of months. 
 This train goes express after midnight. It doesn't even stop here. 
 He picked this spot beforehand. 
 His last fare was logged in an address on Church Street. 
 You have any idea what's there? 
 Church is an entry point for Brooklyn. 
 There's a dive there where the cabbies stop for coffee before the overnight shift. 
 Explains how he got a cab. 
 This guy's definitely not disorganized. 
 Rachel Holman. "Change of address" card. 
 She just moved in. Hadn't even filled out yet. 
 So she probably didn't know her neighbors, and they weren't likely to check in on her. 
 Nope. 
 I also found this. 
 It's a printout of A. A. 
 Meetings in the area. 
 She was starting a new life. 
 Hey, you guys, check this out. 
 The cops' theory is that she was home and the unsub broke in through the front window and surprised her. 
 But look. This is the gunshot to the chest. 
 This is the knife to the head. 
 So then after she was shot, she tried to run away from him toward the door. 
 Exactly. 
 He was already in the apartment when she got home. 
 The hallway's the only room in the apartment with no windows. 
 No one could see him, so he just waited patiently. 
 So... 
 She comes home... 
 And she opens the door... 
 And she walks in the hallway... 
 She walks down, and then... 
 Bam, he shoots her right here. 
 But she tries to run away... 
 And he's on her. 
 So why didn't he just shoot her again? 
 Why stab her and break the blade off in her head? 
 Well, there are a number of possibilities. 
 Through the ear is the softest path to the brain. 
 Snapping the handle's also common in prison shankings. 
 Break it off, other guy can't pull the blade out. 
 What's the other possibility? 
 Lawrence Bittaker and Roy Norris drove ice picks into their victim's heads and broke off the handle. 
 It's possible our unsub is sort of a, uh, serial-killer groupie. 
 So is this guy an ex-con or some nut job with an Amazon account? 
 This particular unsub presents a mixed profile. 
 No offense, then what good is it? 
 The profile's just a starting point for narrowing down the suspects. 
 For instance, the fact that the unsub shoots his victims first suggests that he needs a quick and effective means of controlling the situation. 
 It's possible that he feels he can't overpower his victims. 
 It could be that he has a physical problem. 
 Or that he's not confidant just because he's small. 
 We now know he has a high degree of organization. 
 That coupled with the fact he hunts at night means he probably has a steady job. 
 So we're looking for a small, angry white guy with a day job? 
 Maybe it's Wilson. 
 Cut it! 
 No, that's all right. That's all right. You're right. 
 There's a lot we still don't know, but we do know this: these are not blitz attacks. 
 They're too controlled. 
 These are absolutely executions. 
 An unsub's signature- 
 is his own extremely rare combination of MO and ritual. 
 An unsub kills to satisfy an inner need, and he'll continue killing until that inner need, which is based on a ritual, is lived out perfectly. 
 Because reality never lives up to fantasy, this becomes an impossibility. 
 In other words, he's not gonna stop killing until we catch him. 
 Ok. Hit the streets and keep your head on a swivel. 
 Thank you very much. 
 Hi. Jennifer Jareau. We spoke on the phone. Detective Bennett. 
 Hello. 
 Agent Hotchner. 
 So I spoke to your point man. 
 I reiterated how important it is to keep the crime scene details under wraps, but it would go a long way if it came out of your mouth, too. 
 You got it. 
 If this guy's who we think he is, we're talking terror like New York hasn't seen since son of Sam. 
 May I help you? 
 Are you ok? 
 So this is where terror starts. 
 How'd they find him? 
 Night janitor. 
 He see anything? 
 No, but he remembered a parishioner who was here earlier. 
 So there's a potential witness. 
 Right there. 
 This lady? 
 Help? 
 Yeah. 
 First public killing. 
 He's getting bolder, huh? 
 He didn't let his surroundings alter his method. 
 He's meticulous. 
 The presentation have been as important as the killing. 
 As soon as the police asked me if I'd see anything, I had a sickly feeling. 
 So you saw him? 
 Not his face. 
 He had a hood on and he kept his head down. 
 But something about his behavior unsettled you? 
 I'm sorry. I should have known. 
 There's no way that someone could know something like this. 
 It almost felt like he couldn't hear me, like he was in his own world, you know? 
 You spoke to him? 
 I just asked if he was ok. 
 And he didn't speak? 
 He didn't even look up. 
 I couldn't stop watching his hands. 
 They were moving, like he was playing a piano or fingering a rosary maybe. 
 He could have killed me. 
 Unless he's not killing at random. 
 And whatever these people have in common's what got them killed. 
 I'm sorry. Would it be possible to maybe... 
 Slide that thing out of his ear? 
 I thought maybe he was uncomfortable being in this parish. 
 Why would it be uncomfortable? 
 Because of all that... 
 Business. 
 A year ago, the rector was indicted for pedophilia. 
 A lot of people stopped worshipping here. 
 But father Breeman was tried in a court of law and found innocent. 
 It's not my place to question that. 
 He's not using just any knife. It's made of flint. 
 As in stone? 
 In egyptian mythology, flint was the symbol for protection and retribution. 
 With hieroglyphics, they used to depict dangerous animals like scorpions and snakes being cut with flint knives in order to render them powerless. 
 Anything strike you as strange? 
 The blood's all on the inside. 
 Fount of all knowledge. Check my flow. 
 I need you to check all the victims and see if any were charged with a crime. 
 Ok. You wanna time me, or should I just dazzle you off the clock? 
 Ok. Kaveh Surrani. 
 Vehicular manslaughter. 
 Tried and found not guilty July 2002. 
 Rachel Holman. Convicted of cocaine possession, 2004. 
 Oh, baby girl. Just say no. 
 No acquittals? 
 Uh... wait. Hold on. 
 Same case. She was also up on charges for administering a fatal seroim her boyfriend. 
 Jury found her not guilty. Can we go 3 for 3? 
 Yahtzee. 
 Our cabbie, Walter Derbin. 
 Spousal battery. b*st*rd! 
 But he was innocent? 
 If you wanna call it that. 
 Charges were dropped mid-trial 4 months ago. 
 You're a genius. 
 You're just saying that 'cause it's true. 
 Thanks. 
 If the victim was blindfolded first, the blood would have flowed over the blindfold. 
 He puts it on after he kills them. 
 All 3 charged with a felony. All 3 found innocent. 
 And that didn't show up on your men's radar? 
 Acquittals? No. 
 Why is it important? 
 Because we have a new profile. 
 We know believe these killings aren't random. 
 We might be dealing with a vigilante. 
 The unsub first shoots his victims in order to subdue them. 
 Flint knife then provides both an efficient kill and symbolic retribution. 
 Finally, the victim is blindfolded, like the statute of lady justice. 
 This particular unsub, he displays both a heightened- 
 it's actually almost a poetic sense of right and wrong. 
 Serial vigilantes are extremely rare. 
 The exaggerated drama of these killings suggest that they're somehow personal. 
 He, or someone close to him, is likely the victim of a violent crime. 
 His first killing was possibly against his original attacker. 
 And since then he's developed an overblown sense of justice in order to justify that killing to himself. 
 Because he chooses the imagery of lady justice, it's possible we're dealing with someone who works in or around the criminal justice system. 
 Lawyer, paralegal, bailiff, even a judge. 
 We'll cross-check unsolved murders against suspects in assault cases and victims who work in the system. 
 Whatever the unsub's job, he's someone who's a cog in the machine. 
 He's overworked, undervalued. 
 He's used to not being noticed. 
 His sense of theatrics is a way to enhance his own self-esteem, convince himself he has a higher purpose. 
 And he also knows that people look right through him. 
 Being faceless is his best defense against protection. 
 He's everyone. 
 One last thing. We need you to close ranks. 
 The more details slip out, the more he'll feed off it. 
 We don't want him believing he captured the public's fear or imagination. 
 Too late. 
 The afternoon edition's leading with the vigilante story. 
 How did they get it? 
 I don't know. 
 You were worried about this guy becoming another son of Sam. 
 Now we might be dealing with a vigilante folk hero like Bernhard Goetz. 
 So you know there was a big hole in the profile you presented back there. 
 Can you pass the moo shoo, please? 
 What's the hole? 
 I left out the possibility our unsub might be a cop. 
 Well, the do know the system. 
 They're definitely overworked and underpaid. 
 They see so much injustice every day they can easily take matters into their own hands. 
 When someone like our victim is killed, police refer to the murder as a public-service murder. 
 You know how many rapists I saw walk during my sex-crime days? 
 None of the victims, they didn't want to press charges. 
 Or the juries, they said that she was asking for it. 
 It was enough to make you explode. 
 It's a long way from feeling like that and actually committing murder, don't you think? 
 Not really. 
 Excuse me. Can I get a fork, perhaps? 
 Did you know that experts credit Confucius with the advent of the chopstick? 
 He equated knives with acts of aggression. 
 You don't know how to use them, do you? 
 It's like trying to forage for dinner with a pair of number 2 pencils. 
 Ok, here, let me help you. 
 Oh, the rubber-band trick. 
 Yeah, rubber-band trick. 
 Well, New York city cops do have a lot of pressure on 'em. 
 Every move they make is scrutinized. 
 You know, the first cases of criminal profiling happened when a New York city cop asked a criminal psychiatrist friend to help with the mad bomber case. 
 The mad bomber was a major inspiration for the unabomber. 
 He eluded cops in New York for 16 years, starting in 1940. 
 But he kept his promise and never set off a single bomb during the second world war. 
 Psychiatrist James Brussels, he developed a profile so accurate he predicted that when they caught the bomber, he'd be wearing a double-breasted suit and it would be buttoned. 
 You guys, we're here in New York and even when we're not talking about our case, we end up talking about another profiler. 
 You're right. 
 So, Elle... 
 Are you seeing anyone? 
 Uh, Gideon... 
 Why didn't you tell the cops that it might be one of their own? 
 If we're gonna catch the guy, we need all the help the cops can give us. 
 The last thing I want to do is accuse one of them of murder. 
 Here they go now. 
 Awesome. 
 Gideon. 
 It's absolutely incredible. 
 1.3 billion people stay nourished using these things. 
 Yeah. Ok. I got it. 
 He just took out a cop killer. 
 His name's Shawn Cooley. 
 One year ago, he killed 2 port authority cops, and he walked because the only witness against him was shot 6 times outside his apartment. 
 It might be worth having your men re-canvas this morning. 
 People are more likely to talk in the day. 
 They feel safer. 
 I'm already on it. 
 More bad news. 
 It's the same reporter every time. Nancy Wagner. 
 He's practically deifying him. 
 I'm not even happy with the results when God plays God. 
 You know, a few of the men were talking about making him wish list of other dirtbags. 
 "Some day a real rain will come and wash all the scum off the streets". 
 Taxi driver. 
 This town loves a psychopath. 
 Why hasn't he contacted the press yet? 
 Reid's right. 
 He's got the symbolism, the inflated sense of duty. 
 He should be seeking out acclaim. 
 Maybe it's not about acclaim with him. 
 He's on a mission. Maybe it's about the work. 
 Yeah, but the last 2 cases were a cop killer and a pedophile priest. Those are higher profile cases. 
 Is getting more confident. 
 Is grown into his role of the city judge and executioner. 
 I'll check the press archives for controversial acquittals. 
 Maybe we can target the victim before the unsub, have the police waiting on him. 
 Hey, guys. Listen to what came off the tip hotline. 
 I got a tip. Let the guy be. 
 How come the NYPD wants to catch this guy? 
 Are you jealous he's doing the job better than you? It goes on for half an hour. He's a hero. The exact same thing happened with the Goetz-New York subway shooting in the early eighties. You weren't even born. I read a lot. 
 
 Hey, talk to me, baby. Who do you love? That depends on what you're giving me. Oh, don't be such a man. I ran the names of the 5 victims like you asked. No overlap in arresting officers, public defenders or district attorneys. Do I sense a but? Small but. Ah this's not what I was jonesing for. You're killing me with entendres. But each one was processed at the Manhattan criminal courthouse at 100 centre street. Do you have any idea how many cases run through there every year? 122, 998. But at least we've eliminated 4 other boroughs, hmm? Yeah, great. All right. It's a start. Thanks. Ta. Do you have any idea how many cases- 122, 998 cases a year. We'll check it out. Maybe there's someone with a history of erratic behavior who worked in the building. Crime groupies. A security guard that fits the profile. Get with J. J. see what you can make of her case list. Ok. I'll go with you. Ever crossed your mind? Taking the law into my own hands? Not the law, justice. What's this about? The boys in Iowa? It's just a question. I guess if I think if I ever let my mind go there, then the unsubs would be getting into my head instead of me getting into theirs. That wouldn't be a good idea, now, would it? The cops have already been down here asking their questions. I just want to give you a description of someone, see if he sounds familiar. He's quiet. He... Body language gives the impression he's seen too much. Work in this building long enough, we all get that way. He's small, meticulous. You might not notice him at first, but when you do, you realize he's heard everything around him. He might have had a personal brush with crime. When it happened, he talked bout it all the time. But now you realize he hasn't mentioned it in quite a while. And when the subject of the vigilante comes up, he expresses his support, but it's not something he would bring up in conversation himself. Well, if people are being honest with you, that's most of the people in this building. How old are you? 24. I'll give you 6 years. That point, a tiny part of your brain will be asking if what this guy's doing isn't the right way to go. Anything? Uh-uh. You? No. What happened in Iowa? It was one of the first cases Hotch and I worked together. Small town, 2 boys had been murdered, same signature. The profile led us to the local 4-h leader. We went to interview him, the guy, he was so excited. He had a shotgun. Our guns were drawn. At some point, he turns the shotgun on Hotch. Instead of firing, Hotch talks him down the guy surrenders. Sounds like pretty good work. At trial, the guy's wife gave him an alibi for both murders. Small town. They all knew each other. The jurors believed her. Eventually they got him when he killed another boy. Any luck? This guy's not doing us any favors. His access is unbelievable. He's practically scooping us. The FBI needs help and they get you to do their bidding? I am an FBI special agent. The rest of the team is too busy. they're out in the field. Yeah, and they're doing a bang-up job, too. Look, the fact is you've scooped every other reporter in New York. You've even managed to be ahead of the cops a few times. A good crime reporter needs to be better than the police. You got less to go on. Well, that's why agent Gideon was hoping you'd accept this invitation to help. Jason Gideon? He used to be one of the best. He still is. Yeah. He had kind of a famous meltdown. And a whole string of success since he's returned. Yeah, yeah. Meltdown's make better copy. Maybe you can take that up with him yourself... You know, if you decide to come in. So how did you put together the vigilante angle so quickly? I covered the original trials of all the victims. You must have a good memory. A lot of killers can't remember details from their own crimes. Some cases just stick right in your brain. Tell us about the victims. All right. Well, this girl, she was just a waste case. The jury bought into the whole "addiction as disease", BS. And this old guy, he was a thug. He beat his wife, but the case fell apart because she wouldn't testify. Surrani? He drank and drove. It was a tragedy, but... It was the kind of thing that could happen to anybody. So who do you think we're looking for? What's his background? My guess is he's a crime victim. Probably something violent. But you do think he's a hero. Well... You know, this city make you swallow a lot of crap. It's hard not to feel for someone who won't take it anymore. These haven't been released to the press. They're pretty grim. I've seen plenty of crime scenes. Right. We're stuck on the ear. Is it for killing efficiency or symbolism? Why would you stab someone through the ear into their brain? What's going on here? The profile leads us to think that he works close to the criminal justice system. What do you think? No, no. You didn't bring me in here because you wanted my help. The profile suggests this guy'd contact the media. He hasn't. And we thought the killer wouldn't need to contact the press if he were the press. You're single-handedly turning this psychopath into a folk hero. So what happened? You get your men killed on the job and you think everybody else must be a killer, too? Watch your mouth. It's ok, Hotch. Not our guy. You're damn right. I didn't kill anybody. What about you? Wagner. You're right. You're not the killer. Mm-hmm. Everything you feel is vicarious. You don't have it in you to act. This psycho's the last chance for you. You've screwed up other jobs. You drink too much. Probably have a broken marriage or two. You're actually hoping he doesn't get caught for a while. Part of you knows that's twisted and pathetic, but hey... You're just reporting the news, right? Hey! Hey! The reporter is not a vigilante. Yeah, we know. How do you know? There was just another shooting in central park. You say shooting. What about the rest of the signature? Officers heard the shot, but he ran off before they got there. The victim was an undercover cop. I think you're looking for me. Put the gun on the ground! On your knees! Drop the gun! Get down. Don't move. No, you don't understand. I did this all for you. We're in this together. His name's Will Sykes. He's a security guard at a boutique in soho. He was a mugging victim last year. Spent 2 days in intensive care. Fits the profile. How's it going in here? He just confessed to all the murders. So what were you doing in the park? It's full of animals. Muggers and scum, drug dealers. I knew one of them would try to prey on me. That's not your usual method. I mean, you target them. You don't let them target you. I made that point, now I'm making this one. Which is? If you hunt us on the street, you will die the way you lived. So why turn yourself in now? I can't change the city without help. People need to be inspired. They need to see me. They need to hear my voice. Can you tell me about the cab driver, Derbin? He was a thug. A wife beater. And the priest? What's to know? He preyed on young boys. Is that why you stabbed him in the groin? It's what he deserved. Thank you. Why would he confess to murders he didn't commit? Because he has narcissistic delusions. He wants the glory. He wants to be a star. He went into the park hoping that somebody would mess with him. He killed your undercover officer but not the others. So where dos that leave us? We know our unsub has a heightened sense of right and wrong. If he knew that he inspired a would-be vigilante to murder an undercover cop, he might feel remorse. You think you might be able to mend fences with the reporter, Wagner? If it played to his ego, yeah. We might be able to draw the unsub out. That's a good one. Wagner said this morning that the cop's blood is all over the vigilante's hands. How did J. J. get him to cooperate? The unsub may feel a need to be there, to physically mourn for what he caused. If that article lures him, Wagner gets to claim he caught a murderer. It's the ultimate scoop. Will they know how to spot him? I briefed your men. If the unsub's there, he'll be alone, out of place, not speaking to anyone else, probably not even making eye contact. Hopefully, he'll panic, draw attention to himself. I can never get that sound out of my head. Wakes me in the middle of the night. If there was any justice, cop killers would have to hear it for an eternity. Hotch. Hey, Hotch. Hotch, it's Morgan. Thank you-listen, something's funky, man. I'm here trying to get transcripts from the victims'original trials. I thought maybe there cod have been a disturbance at the courthouse, or maybe the unsub even made himself known. You know what I mean? Yeah. Ok. Well, here's the thing. There are no records available yet from the cabbie's trial. The clerk told me that your average court reporter is 3 to 6 months behind in transcribing his notes. That means that anyone who knows the details of that case had to have been in the courtroom. Court reporters take their work home with them. They get paid overtime. They take their notes in court and finish transcribing them at night. You know what Bennett said about not being able to get the sound of bagpipes out of her head? Maybe that's why the unsub stabs the ears. Killers often harm their victims in ways that they themselves have been harmed. Court reporters, by definition, are a faceless cog in the machine. He sits there day in and day out transcribing testimony. What if the voices wouldn't stop when you left the courtroom? They witness at the church said that the unsub was playing a piano-like motion. Or transcribing. Killings a good way to get the voices to stop, huh? Holla. I need the name of the court stenographer in each of the victims' original trials. Same one every time. Marvin Doyle. Cross-check him against crime records. See if he was ever the victim of a violent crime. Not him. His parents killed in an attempted robber, '04. That's his stressor. Is he still working? 100 center, courtroom 12-b We've got him. Marvin Doyle. Is that him? Doyle called in sick. We were in this courtroom yesterday. He saw us. Tell your judge I need a warrant. Take that. Marvin Doyle. FBI. Open up. Clear! Clear. He's gonna keep the voices out. He sound-proofed the entire place. He ripped the speakers out of the television and the radio. And here is life insurance check for $250,000. It's 2 years old. He didn't cash it. He won't accept blood money. Here's a box full of flint knives. There's got to be a hundred of 'em. Hey, guys. Come take a look at this. It's a stenography machine. Look at the keys. They're all worn out. It's like he was trying to transcribe the voices in his head and he couldn't keep up. Looks like hieroglyphics. It's called steno. It's basically a phonetic series of syllables. No court reporter takes notes the same way so no one can translate them but the reporter himself. He's getting paid overtime to study potential victims. He knows we're onto him. He's racing us now. Someone in these boxes is targeted to die. We need to get inside his head and figure out who so we can stop him. Let's go. Start fishin'. This is a lot of boxes. How are we supposed to narrow it down? Check and see if it ended in acquittal. If it didn't, toss it aside. It has to be a capital case. He's escalating. The more brutal the better. Why not go by most recent? Judging by his elaborate filing system, doyle obviously has obsessive-compulsive disorder. People with ocd often finish tasks then go back to the beginning and start over. So he continually goes through the transcripts and the first one to trigger him becomes his next victim. Here's one. This is a liquor store owner who was shot with his own gun. Flip to when they present the defense. Did the defendant testify? No. Stick with the ones where the accused took the stand. This is personal. He hears their voices. Doyle's victims all claimed to be a type of victim themselves. They first two threw themselves on the mercy of the court, pleading alcohol and drug dependency. The priest said he was a victim, victim of recent hysteria. Look for key phrases: victim, mercy, anything that signifies they thought their crime wasn't their fault. I think I might have one, guys. Ted Elmore. He shot and killed both his parents after claiming self-defense for years of physical abuse. Doyle lost his own parents. Hearing someone get away with killing their own, that would haunt him. Hello? Is Ted Elmore there? Not right now. Can I take a message? Who's this? This is his wife. Who's this? My name is Jason Gideon. I'm with the FBI. Honey, the FBI is on the phone? Mrs. Elmore! Mrs. Elmore! Come on! He's there. I think I can talk him out. I have snipers up high. If they get a clean shot, they have my order to take it. We might be able to reason. We rushed him. He doesn't want to have an innocent hostage. He has an exaggerated sense of right and wrong. And so do I. Talking's worth a shot. I'm coming with you. Shut up! He didn't do anything to you. Tell her how you lied. Tell her how you killed your parents and pretended they'd been hurting you. They did hurt me. I'll kill him. Then you wouldn't get to hear the truth. If he admits the truth, the voices will stop, right? They always lie. Do you have the shot? Negative. Let us interrogate him? Put the gun down. We're the FBI. We'll get the truth. Marvin, I'm gonna put my gun away. We'll do this together, ok? Tell him the truth. Tell him how you lied on the stand. They did hurt me. Don't listen to them. If he dies, they'll go away! What do you think? They won't come back? Beverly, Iowa, 1999. A man kills 2 boys only to walk away free and kill another one. Stop. Haskins, Georgia, last year. 3 white guys kill a black teenager- just because 4 witnesses see it. The jury finds them not guilty- just because. The first 2 boys were 14 years old. The third was only 12. Stop! It doesn't stop. Diallo, Blake, Simpson, T Cullen Davis. You can't kill fast enough to keep up. They killed my parents. I know. I'm so tired. Marvin, listen to me. Why don't you just give me the gun? Promise you... I will get you a place to rest. Are you clear now? Gandhi said, "it is better to be violent if there's violence in our hearts than to put on the cloak of non-violence to cover impotence". Gandhi also said, "I object to violence because when it appears to do good, the good is only temporary. The evil it does is permanent". Ge got what he deserved. He only did what the rest of us wish we could do. I felt safer when he was alive. This is why we need gun control. The guy's a murderer. He got his own. Death penalty. I say he's a hero. They only killed him because they were afraid no jury would convict him. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 