Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x15 - Unfinished Business - Criminal Minds 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x15 - Unfinished Business https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=31&t=12824 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/04/06 22:24 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x15 - Unfinished Business 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 The end of his two year killing spree Seven women were dead. 
 He made a name for himself, literally. 
 He sent out written communication identifying himself as the "Keystone Killer". 
 These letters, all of which were accompanied by word search puzzle were a part of his game, Like "The Son of Sam" he taunted the police, He fueled the media's fascination with him. 
 As you'll see in the book he left specific crime scene details in the word puzzles. 
 And then 18 years ago he just stopped killing. 
 Now one of the Philadelphia PD's theories was that he was in jail with an unrelated charge. 
 But this is a man who craves attention. 
 He could not remain a faceless prisoner for so long. 
 Another theory was that he simply moved away. 
 And he continued killing in another city or another country. 
 The FBI's VI-CAP program tracks murders and murderers all around the world. 
 They turned up nothing. 
 This intricate knot was part of his signature. 
 The signature we have never seen repeated. 
 Another theory was that he had died, which was the only explanation for why a compulsive psychopath would stop killing. 
 But I never believed he was a psychopath who had to do this. 
 I believe he is a narcissistic sociopath who chooses to. 
 This is his last victim, Amy Jennings. She was 23. 
 Her infant son was in the next room when she was killed. 
 So uh! 
 So even if he thinks he's finished! 
 He still has a debt to pay. 
 Thank you, Mr. Ryan. 
 Thank you, sir. 
 Thank you. 
 You looked comfortable up there. 
 Why don't you come back to the BAU for a guest lecture? 
 I'm retired. Remember? 
 Hell of a way to relax. 
 323 pages on the one that got away. 
 He hasn't gotten away. 
 And you didn't count that 8 page prologue. 
 What happened to Florida? 36 holes a day. 
 Florida's too humid. 
 Anyway I missed the seasons, So I'm in Philadelphia now. 
 You're in Philadelphia for the seasons? 
 You think I'm! what, dysfunctional? Obsessed? 
 You want to eat where the killer eats? 
 Sleep where he sleeps. 
 Maybe I'm addicted to Pat's Stakes. 
 Maybe I'm holding out hope that the Eagles will turn it around next season. 
 Remember weapons of mass destruction? 
 What are you saying? You think I'm chasing a ghost? 
 I'm saying sometimes we get it wrong. 
 Ever consider that? 
 I've considered everything. 
 So how are things at BAU? 
 Anything changed since I left? 
 Everything changes. 
 Everything stays the same. You know how it is. 
 Miss me? 
 No. 
 Just here to buy a book then, huh? 
 What can I say? 
 Profilers, they fascinate me. 
 Sorry to interrupt, but this is for you. 
 Thanks. 
 Sure. 
 Fan-mail! 
 Fan-mail, how do you like that? 
 Wait a minute. Hey! 
 Who gave this to you? 
 I don't know! A guy in a blue jacket. 
 Hey, Hey! Wait! 
 That's not the guy! It's not the guy! 
 What's going on? 
 There's some sort of misunderstanding. 
 Who in his mind has not probed the dark water? 
 We're like two volumes of the same book, Max. 
 Why don't we add a few more chapters? 
 Is this from him, the Keystone Killer? 
 The son of a bitch was right here. 
 You still think I'm after a ghost? 
 Lock this place down. 
 No one leaves until I talk to them. 
 Norman McClain wrote "It is those we live with and love and should know who loot us". 
 So they've been here all night? 
 Apparently. 
 Where else would any of us be on a Saturday night? 
 It's not like we have lives or anything. 
 Speak for yourself. 
 Guys, we are about to meet Max Ryan, the guy responsible for catching the Boise child killer. 
 Have you ever talked to him before? 
 He's pretty intense, brusque. 
 Not much of a bedside manner. 
 Sound like anyone else we know? 
 I heard he was forced into early retirement. 
 No, he chose to retire. 
 He's written a new book on the Keystone Killer case. 
 He moved to Philadelphia to be closer to the crime scenes. 
 That's retirement? 
 B. A. U. style. 
 "Who in his mind has not probed the black water"? 
 John Steinbeck, East of Eden. 
 Story of good and evil, love and hate. 
 There's been some new activity on the Keystone Killer case. 
 New? 
 He was in Max's lecture last night. 
 What? He got away? 
 Would we have woken you up if we caught him? 
 He handed this letter to the security guard. 
 And he included two drivers' licenses with it. 
 One is from his last victim. 
 Last known victim. 
 Amy Jennings, strangled in 1987. 
 Do you see something? 
 Ya, what is the significance of black bra and grey wool socks? 
 That's what Amy Jennings was wearing when we found her. 
 That's a lot of detail to remember for 20 years. 
 Green River killer couldn't remember where the bodies were buried much less what they were wearing. 
 Well, some unsubs take pictures and print them themselves so they can manipulate the scene, bring it to life. 
 That would explain the level of detail. 
 Does no fight in the rear window have anything to do with the Jennings case? 
 No. He entered in through the front door. 
 There's ample evidence that Amy fought him very hard. 
 Now he's referring to a new victim there. 
 The second driver's license. Carla Bromwell. 
 Ya, there is a C. Bromwell here in the puzzle. 
 Philly PD went to the address on the license a little while ago. 
 Found her suffocated with a plastic bag. 
 Suffocated? His previous victims were strangled. 
 His MO's different. 
 He hasn't been killing all along, has he? 
 It would have been difficult to tie these new murders to the Keystone Killer what with the change of the methodology and the time that's elapsed between kills. 
 If he'd been active, I would have known. 
 It's not entirely impossible for an unsub to switch he's M. O. 
 The Zodiac Killer went from stabbing people to shooting them. 
 Yes, but he wanted to take the credit. 
 This b*st*rd didn't do anything in secret. 
 I'd say good morning but, it's still dark outside. 
 Who's this? 
 Carla Bromwell. 
 Uh! Gideon, can you put it on the news? 
 The Philadelphia police were notified late last night of a letter  that was hand delivered to this news station. 
 Apparently it was written by the infamous Keystone Killer, who's wanted in connection with the murders of 7 women back in the late 1980's. 
 He also included a photograph of a woman. 
 She appears to be dead in the photo, suffocated with a plastic bag. 
 Now, subsequently police discovered a body in the Overbrook area. 
 But they are not confirming that it's the woman in this picture. 
 He works fast. 
 It's an understatement, isn't it? 
 Meet you on the plane in 30 minutes. 
 I'm coming with you. 
 I'm not asking, Jason. 
 Philly PD confirmed that Carla Bromwell's been dead less than 12 hours. 
 She was 47. 
 Victims are getting older. 
 That is unusual. 
 Victimology rarely changes. 
 Her hands and feet were bound with flex-cuffs. 
 Flex-cuffs? No ropes? 
 That's what they said. They're waiting at the crime scene for you. 
 Thank you, sweetheart. 
 If you need me. 
 So older victims and a different mode of binding and killing. 
 Maybe the note just means we have a copycat on our hands. 
 The copycat who just happens to have Amy Jennings driver's license? 
 No! No, it's the Keystone Killer. 
 How are we supposed to work with him? 
 Gideon, he is not even an active agent. 
 He's here because he knows this case better than any of us. 
 We're leading the investigation, he's only consulting. 
 Anyone tell him that? 
 FBI? Detective Charles Santangelo, Philly PD. 
 Agents Gideon, Greenway. 
 You actually think the Keystone Killer did this? 
 Yes, we do. 
 Agent Ryan. 
 Detective. 
 So I guessed you'd show up sooner or later. 
 He's consulting with us. 
 CSI's done processing the body? 
 Ya, we'll get out of your way. 
 Thanks. 
 This is his 8th victim. 
 There is no bruising on the wrists, ankles or neck. 
 Just a good size blunt force head wound. 
 Ya, probably a surprise attack. 
 Well, the puzzle said no fight. 
 I know what the puzzle said. 
 Head wound is extensive. Level of violence is escalating. / Yup. 
 This bedroom is in front of the house. 
 And a puzzle mentioned a rear window, maybe he left a print. 
 No way. 
 Well I think I'm going to check it out anyway. 
 You do what you want to do but believe me, you're wasting your time. 
 Elle's good at this, Max. 
 Did I say she wasn't? 
 I haven't had a feeling like this around a dead body in 18 years. 
 I remember what you said to me on my first day. 
 Don't lose your objectivity. 
 This isn't personal. 
 Yah.. well, maybe not for you. 
 We are aware of the media reports, Is it the Keystone Killer? however, we cannot confirm at this time. 
 The FBI will be making a formal statement later on today. 
 We received more information from the murderer than the police. What's going on? 
 We have the right to the truth. 
 The Philadelphia police have to finish investigating this crime scene before we can make a statement. 
 All of your questions will be answered at that time, so please be patient. 
 That's all I can say. 
 Ma'am, when can we expect that statement today? 
 Do you know anything about motive? 
 What do you think of Ryan? 
 He hasn't changed much. 
 I think we can learn a lot from him. 
 What could you possibly learn that you don't already know? 
 Hotch, repetitive thinking is the death nail for the brain. For complete brain usage diverse stimulation is the key. 
 Look at this. 
 Let's go show this to everyone. 
 Found another note. 
 Let me see that. 
 In order for the light to shine so brightly the darkness must be present. 
 He's quoting sir Francis Bacon now. 
 I used this specific quote on- - 
 On your book on page 184. 
 I read it on the plane. 
 And you remember the page number of the quote? 
 Don't ask. He says to expect another gift in 2 days. 
 A gift? 
 Calls his victims gifts. 
 Gifts for whom? 
 For me. 
 A lot of things have changed in 20 years including the age of the Keystone Killer's victims. 
 He's older, his victims are older. 
 Makes sense to me. Most unsubs have specific fantasies. 
 This is as if there killing the same person over and over again. 
 This man clearly had a preference for young brunettes, and now he's switched to older women. 
 Well, what does that mean? 
 Ted Bundy only killed women that looked like his fiancee. 
 But then, he devolved and brutally attacked a house full of sorority sisters that looked nothing like his previous victims. 
 He went off script. 
 His final victim was a 12 year old girl. 
 When the police found the van that he used to kill her, the amount of blood revealed that he had lost complete control. 
 It was that devolution that eventually led to his capture. 
 He could be devolving into frenzy. 
 So you mean he's about to mess up. 
 Keystone Killer's devolution is only a theory. 
 We need to be prepared for anything. 
 And if he is in a frenzy, there's no telling how quickly he'll fall apart. 
 Or how many more victims he'll take with him. 
 So, we're going to go over anything we know, old and new, and hopefully we find him before we find another body. 
 We'll start with agent Ryan's original profile. 
 Max, you want to present it? 
 No. 
 We're looking for a white male in his late 40's. 
 The controlled crime scenes, the meticulousness and the collection of trophies suggest a possible military background. 
 I thought you were going to present the profile. 
 Team can handle it. 
 The TEAM. 
 We used to work solo when this all started. 
 Well, we were wrong. 
 You don't worry about too many cooks? 
 Nope. 
 He used a quote, Jason. 
 He used a quote from my book. 
 So? 
 Maybe it's a coincidence. 
 We've both been doing this too long to believe in that. 
 All right, let's focus on the differences in the crimes. 
 What's he doing that's new? 
 Well, his latest victim was hit in the head. That's new. 
 In the word puzzle he said she didn't fight. 
 So, why hit her? Scare her? 
 Show her he's in charge? 
 Well, he never did that before. 
 And a blow that hard wouldn't scare her, probably just! 
 Probably just knock her unconscious. 
 In order to control her? 
 Why switch from ropes to flex-cuffs? 
 The intricate knot was a part of his signature. 
 Flex-cuffs are easier. 
 Probably saved him time. 
 No no no, there's more than that. 
 The rope was meticulously tied, it was intimate, completely unnecessary. 
 And he abandoned the rope and the use of his bare hands which makes his kills less personal and less controlling. 
 Okay. Seriously, guys, let's just abandon all this. 
 Let's just treat him like he's a new offender. / He isn't. 
 Guys, I have a name. 
 Nibrahs. 
 That's a name? From what country? 
 It's backwards. 
 S. Harbin. And there was a Scott Harbin on Ryan's original suspect list. 
 It's not Scott Harbin. 
 Harbin went to jail in 1988 for stabbing a guy while he was trying to escape during a home invasion. 
 The guy later died. 
 Harbin didn't even know there was anyone at home at the time he broke in. 
 How long did he get? 
 30 years. 
 So it makes him a little more than a half way done. 
 Unless he's been paroled. 
 No. No, it's too easy. 
 I interviewed Harbin, twice. He's a pervert. 
 He's a small time burglar with a fetish for lingerie. 
 I mean he's a creep. 
 But he is not the Keystone Killer. 
 Believe me. Our guy has not been in jail for all these years. 
 All right, I'm going to call Garica. 
 See what she can dig up on this guy He's not the guy. 
 Jason, what are we doing here? 
 What do you mean? 
 Well, is Ryan interested in catching the Keystone Killer, or just proving he's right? 
 Scott Harbin was paroled 3 months ago. 
 Oh yeah? To Philly? 
 Yeah.. looks like it. 
 And hey, guess what. 
 Bad boy missed his last appointment with his parole officer. 
 Well, that right there makes him a wanted man, doesn't it? 
 Uh-huh uh-huh. 
 And I have an address on him. 
 You are amazing. 
 You have no idea. 
 
 
 
 FBI SWAT! 
 Stop! I said STOP! 
 OK, OK. All right, all right. 
 Are you Scott Harbin? 
 What? 
 Scott Harbin! 
 Ya, that's Scott Harbin. 
 Hey! 
 Come on. 
 Ryan. 
 You got old. 
 Haven't we all? 
 Missed an appointment, Scott. 
 Oh, they send the FBI now for parole violations? 
 Ya, we were in the neighborhood. 
 Excuse me, fellas. 
 Thanks. 
 Hotch. / Ya? 
 Look at that. 
 Socks 3 inches, underwear 6 inches. 
 They teach you that at basic training. 
 Ryan thought he might have a military background. 
 Hey, Morgan. 
 What's the chance he labels his secrets? 
 What do you think? 
 I don't know. 
 He doesn't seem to be a guy who needs to be in control. 
 He's definitely obsessive. 
 Everything has its place. 
 Probably comes from years of solitude, huh? 
 Misdirect upbringing. And this is a guy who likes to be alone. 
 Sharing a jail must have been a nightmare. 
 Are you finished? 
 Did I make you angry? Did I upset you? 
 What? You're going to hurt me? 
 No, I'm not stupid. 
 No, uou.. 
 You wouldn't hurt me here. 
 You'd wait, sneak up behind me and hit me over the head, just when I'm not looking. 
 What's the matter, Scotty? 
 Can't deal with woman who's not afraid of you? 
 Hey, Morgan! 
 Yo. 
 Think he makes his own movies? 
 Well, if he's a control freak, or Ryan thinks he is, why wouldn't he? 
 Where are the tapes? 
 Are you okay? 
 What do you mean? 
 Got a little hot. 
 Did I say anything that wasn't true? 
 Nope Well, then I guess I'm fine. 
 Hear that? 
 Yah. 
 I got it, I got it. 
 Oh man. Give me a hand. 
 What? 
 Give me a hand. 
 Hey! A little help! 
 No! 
 It's okay. It's okay! 
 No! No! No! 
 We're the FBI. 
 Get an ambulance! Right now! Move! 
 I'm on it. Call the EMT. 
 Roger that. 
 Ya, here he comes bringing him out. I'll call you back. 
 Scott Harbin. 
 Single obsessive military background. Fits your profile. 
 But he keeps his victim in his house? 
 He's that far off script? / Ryan. 
 It's got your name on it. 
 Isn't Scott Harbin an inelegant creature? 
 A monster. There is no light with him. 
 No balance. He is pure evil. 
 Balance is what gives one mercy. 
 You'll be reminded of my brand of mercy tomorrow, Max. 
 What does that mean? 
 Scott Harbin's a predator just not the one we were looking for. 
 Cordon off the area at least six block radius. 
 Someone must have seen this guy. 
 Well, that's got to be a first. 
 A killer actually leading us to another killer. 
 Come on. We all know they make the best profilers. 
 They admire each other's work. 
 Ya, but usually from the far. 
 At least we got Harbin off the street. 
 All right, let's review. What do we know about the Keystone Killer? 
 Well, we know that he's not dead or in jail. 
 Enjoys taunting the game. 
 Ya, he's in complete control. 
 He strangled 7 women in the 1980's, stopped for 18 years, and then began again suffocating them. 
 10% of all violent crimes are caused by strangulation, it only takes 11 pounds of pressure to fully incapacitate your victim and if you hang on for at least 50 seconds, they will never recover. 
 When you suffocate someone you actually have less control over their death. 
 It's actually more passive because the killer doesn't feel the life leaving the body. 
 He's changed almost everything that he does. 
 Why why why why? 
 What?! I mean, what's he getting out of this new M. O.? 
 Where's his payoff? 
 You got Carla Bromwell, she sustains a significant head injury. 
 Blitz attacks suggests disorganization, no self-confidence. 
 This is a guy who walks into 7 victims homes prior to this. 
 There was no forced entry at any of the scenes. 
 Where's the loss of confidence? 
 He would never change the way he kills by choice. / What? 
 We've been operating under the assumption that he purposely changed his M. O. 
 You're saying he changed because he had to change? 
 He knocked her unconscious. 
 And it wasn't to scare. 
 Because he couldn't control her physically while she was awake. 
 He could be incapacitated. 
 At least partially. 
 Maybe an injury. 
 Or a stroke. 
 Either way you're gonna have to have medical records. Agreed? 
 Yes, so what are we talking about? 
 This had to have happened after the middle of 1988 in Philadelphia? 
 Somebody who fits the rest of the profile. 
 It's a lot of hospital records. 
 Call our girl Friday. 
 We're releasing a profile of the man we're looking for. 
 We're hoping that someone out there seen this will recognize some of the elements. 
 He is most likely a white male in his late 40's with a military background and well educated. 
 He has a need for power and control, so he probably has a job with some type of authority. 
 You've just described half of the men living in Philadelphia. 
 How does that help us? 
 If you'd let me finish- 
 Killer wrote in his last letter that he'd strike again within 2 days. 
 How close are you to an arrest? 
 I'm not at liberty to discuss the progress of this on-going investigation. 
 My name is Philip Bromwell. 
 My sister Carla was murdered yesterday, by a man you people should have stopped 18 years ago. 
 Are you at liberty to explain how I'm supposed to tell our mother about this? 
 I'm very sorry for your loss, Mr. Bromwell. 
 Please know that we do have the very best team assembled to handle this. 
 Isn't special agent Ryan working with the FBI again? 
 He was unable to solve the murder before. 
 What makes you think he's capable now? 
 Agent Ryan was one of a number of men working on this case. 
 There is no blame to be put on any one man or division. 
 I'd hate to be standing out there in front of those jackals. 
 Well, JJ, she can hold her own. 
 You're all better at the press thing than we ever were. 
 Well, we have a lot more of it to deal with now. 
 They need someone to blame. 
 I guess it's me. 
 Are you okay with that? 
 No, the fact is that I haven't been able to solve the case. 
 So I'm an easy target. 
 But if I.. if we do close it, that will all go away. 
 And you think you'll be able to... you know, just walk away? 
 I won't have any choice. 
 But don't you want to? 
 I mean! Don't you get to a certain point where you want to relax, maybe spend sometime with your family? 
 Family? 
 I lost that a long time ago. 
 I haven't even seen them in years. 
 As far as relaxing, the B. A. U doesn't employ too many agents with a relaxing kind of mentality. 
 Do they? 
 Well, we've got some records to go through. 
 Something debilitating enough to lose strength permanently, I'm still thinking stroke. 
 You know Ryan's profile puts the unsub in his late 20's. 
 Isn't that too young for a massive stroke? 
 Technically you're never too young for a stroke. 
 80% of strokes are ischemic, the other 20 or hemorrhagic, which usually result in death. 
 Ischemic strokes occur when plaque builds up in the arteries, causing restricted vessels to be blocked by a blood clot. 
 Okay, but doesn't it take years for that type of plaque to build up? 
 Ah, typically. 
 Well then like I said, he was too young. 
 Did you know that stroke victims that play virtual reality games show significant advances in recovery than those who don't? 
 Now, here's somebody. In 1987 he was 30, single, dishonorable discharged. 
 It's a good start. What was the injury? 
 Broken neck. 
 Intensive skull therapy for 9 years. 
 What's he been doing since? 
 The guy moved to the Florida Keys, he's a scuba instructor. 
 He's got the right idea. 
 Come on. There's got to be something in here. 
 Taking a break? 
 Is there anything worse than cop shop coffee? 
 Nailed cop shop donuts? 
 You know, at home I actually have to make the coffee bad now to enjoy it. 
 Ya, I've had what you make. 
 You're saying you did that to me on purpose? 
 Well, what are friends for? 
 Remember that uh! 
 Boise child murderer? 
 How could I forget him? 
 Lake City detective, Griffin was his name? Right? / Ya. 
 I remember, we got to that man, that man was nearly suicidal. 
 Literally had kids dropping around him like files. 
 You told him feeling guilty when a series of crimes is occurring that you can't stop, natural response. 
 Important thing, not to let yourself become another victim. 
 Hey, this is different. 
 Really? 
 Really. 
 You see, Jason, somewhere I think in my subconscious I hoped that writing this book would draw him out, that he missed the attention. 
 And maybe... 
 Maybe I wanted to play his game. 
 You had no idea he'd kill again? 
 No, but he did. 
 And now there's another woman out there in danger. 
 You know this man better than he knows himself. 
 You always have. Now you've got an advantage. 
 You've got a team of most incredible agents in the world out there. 
 And you're standing here alone. 
 If you let us, we'll help you find him. 
 Helen's running down injuries on college campuses. 
 The guy's well read, he may have been a professor. 
 There are just too many hospitals, clinics, long-term care facilities, we'd be sifting through records for weeks. 
 Come on. There's got to be someway to narrow down the search, right? 
 We ruled out a stroke and half the hospital don't even say how the accident occurred. 
 Accidents? 
 In America, someone's involved in a car accident once in every 10 seconds. 
 Car accidents with injuries would all be reported by the police. 
 We profiled him driving a late model American made sedan. 
 All right, so how about I get Garcia to check Philly PD records for accidents involving American made sedans in serious injury. 
 It's a long shot. 
 It's a shot. 
 Start with 1988, if it was an accident it stopped him in his tracks. 
 Speak! 
 I need a list, sweetness. 
 Ahh, sugar, you're in luck. 
 Lists are my specialty. Go. 
 Alright, Philadelphia 1988, I need all car accidents resulting in injuries. 
 Wow, there's a lot of them. 
 I guess friends let friends drive drunk back then. 
 Okay, you got injuries 36 in a 12 month period. 
 How many were American made cars? 
 Almost all of them, except only 5 were serious enough to send the drivers to the hospital. 
 Let's hear it from American made safety. 
 Tell me who the drivers were. 
 Okay, one happened on I95 by the airport, ambulance picked up the other driver outside of 32-45 Anders Street. 
 Ouch, broken back, that's not good. 
 Wait, Anders Street. 
 Thrity-two hundred block of Anders, that's where Carla Bromwell lived. 
 Well, that driver's name is Walter Kern, currently 48 years old, and still residing in the city of brother and sisterly love. 
 If he's 48 that would have put him in his late 20's at the time of the killing. 
 Just like Ryan predicted. 
 Walter Kern had a military background. 
 ROTC in high school, 4 years in the air force. 
 Hospital records show that he lost mobility in his right side due to severed nerve damage to his spinal cord. 
 He never got the strength back. 
 Kern's been a county worker, claims adjuster, and get this, he installed home alarms with Scott Harbin. 
 Takes one to know one. 
 All those jobs allowed him access to peoples homes. 
 Explains why there was no sign of forced entry. 
 He had a legitimate reason to knock on the door. 
 Women felt comfortable letting him inside. 
 He got a degree in criminology from Villanova in 1988. 
 I wonder if he murdered anyone on campus. 
 That certainly explains his knowledge of law enforcement. 
 This looks like our guy. 
 Anybody's got a current address? 
 557 Wight Street, Southeast Philadelphia. 
 I got you, you son of a bitch. 
 We got him, let's go bring him in. 
 Hey, Walter. Come on in. 
 How can I help you gentlemen? 
 I'm special agent Jason Gideon, this is special agent Max Ryan with the FBI. 
 Could we speak with Walter Kern? 
 He's not here right now. 
 You know where he is? 
 Is something wrong? 
 Could we come inside? 
 What are you going to do? 
 Why are you doing this? 
 Why? 
 Put on these cuffs. Do it. 
 Now! 
 Walter's at the Pinewood Community Center working with the boy scouts. 
 He volunteers as one of the leaders. 
 Would it be possible for us to search the house, ma'am? 
 Hotch, he's at the Pinewood Community Center. / What for? 
 We've been called into investigate the murders of several women here in Philadelphia. That's why we need to talk to him. 
 That is the craziest thing I've ever heard. 
 And I'm going to have to ask you to leave.. now. 
 Can you answer one question for us, ma'am? 
 Does your husband have an area here in the house that you're never supposed to go into? 
 A place that you're not supposed to see? 
 Walter has a dark room. 
 If he knew you were in there, would he become so angry that you fear he could hurt you? 
 He just doesn't want me to ruin his pictures. That's all. 
 Mrs. Kern, has your husband ever suffered from long periods of depression? 
 Yes, after his car accident. 
 And did he suddenly snap out of it for no apparent reason? 
 What does all this mean? 
 Could you show us the room, Mrs. Kern? 
 It's clear. 
 Looks like he collected every article written about him. 
 He's got your book. 
 Damn it, I signed it. 
 Hotch was entirely correct about the photography. 
 His cellar's where he develops his photographs. 
 What's that, a scrap book? 
 There's a chapter on every woman he's killed. 
 These entries are detailed enough to let him relive the kills for years. 
 Candid photographs of the victims at the park, grocery store, outside of church, driver's license, clothing, jewelry. 
 Those chapters in the back, they're not finished. 
 These photographs are at least 20 years old. 
 I mean look at the hair styles, the clothing... 
 His recent themes of communication have been about old friends, unfinished business. 
 His car accident was in the Fairmount district of Philadelphia, that's exactly where Carla Bromwell lived. 
 He was on the way to kill her when he had his accident. 
 It's not about finding a new type of victim, it's about his specific target. 
 Because he was such a perfectionist, and is a perfectionist, he had to finish what he had started years ago. 
 All these aren't new victims, Max. 
 They were already targeted, right from day one. 
 Who's in that last chapter? 
 What's wrong with you, Walter? 
 I've known you and Ann for years, you're good people. 
 Lie down on your back. 
 Speak again, and I will kill you. 
 I believe Walter Kern is in Sylvia Gooden's home now, Hotch confirmed he left the community center hours ago, and Kern's car's parked on the next block. 
 I want Walter Kern alive. 
 I'll stand by for the word. 
 Okay, let's move out. 
 I'll call you when we've secured Kern. 
 Please.. don't. 
 I need to do this. I can't stop it. 
 No! 
 No! 
 It'll be over soon. 
 Don't move! 
 Don't move! 
 Down on your knees! 
 Down! Don't move! 
 Watch my arm! 
 It's all right, FBI. 
 Watch it! 
 FBI. Easy! You're going to be all right. 
 We got her. 
 Sylvia Gooden's alive. We got her. 
 Gideon, I need your cuffs, man. 
 You're going to be fine. It's over. 
 You're going to be fine. 
 Why don't you do this? 
 I'll take care of her. 
 That's enough. Now get up. 
 You're going to be okay. 
 You're all right. 
 Just breath. Just breath. 
 You got him. 
 Ya, I got him. 
 I know you've enjoyed this ride as much as I have, Max. 
 I sure am enjoying this part of it. 
 We are inseparable, you and me. 
 Let's just test that theory, huh? 
 Get him out of here. 
 Abraham Lincoln once said, "In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. 
 It's the life in your years. " 
 Did Jason ever tell you about the time that he found the director's itinerary in a bomber's car? 
 What, what? 
 Come on, come on. 
 No, no. He never said anything. 
 Well, let me fill you in then. 
 We had this bomber case, it was one of Jason's first so we had him go over and search the bomber's car, which was in the Quantico garage. 
 Except for me and the guys had planted this piece of paper that had all these times and locations of where the FBI director was going to be over the next 48 hours. 
 Anyway, Jason takes one look at this piece of paper and before we could stop him, he takes off runs up 25 flights of stairs to the directors office 
 / Get out of here! 
 Barges in interrupting a meeting with the Attorney General himself. 
 Yay! 
 The director didn't find it very funny. 
 Now, he was the only one who did this. 
 You know he has no one, no family. 
 Who's that? 
 Ryan. I mean technically he's retired, but he hasn't seen his kids in years. 
 Divorce is not uncommon in the B. A. U. 
 You know the other night when you called, Saturday night, don't you think it was weird that we all just were able to drop everything and go to the office, that we're all available to you anytime you call, day or night. 
 No, not really. 
 How do you do it? 
 How do you do this job, and still have a wife, and a baby? 
 Well, when I'm with them I try to focus 100% of my attention there. 
 And when I'm with you guys, I try to do the same thing. 
 It's about priorities, Elle. It's about setting them and keeping them. 
 I'm just so scared that I'm going to turn into that guy over there. 
 Look up and see that my life has passed me by while I was chasing monsters. 
 It's hard. 
 This job will eat you up if you let it. 
 So what do I do? 
 Find a way not to let it. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 