Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x05 - Broken Mirror - Criminal Minds 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x05 - Broken Mirror https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=31&t=12814 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/22/05 01:51 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x05 - Broken Mirror 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Bye You know, I really- 
 No, no, no. Do not start with the "I love you's." 
 I do. 
 You only say it when you're drunk. 
 That's not true. 
 Oh, ok. I'm driving. 
 I'm not drunk. 
 I'm just buzzed a little bit. 
 "Buzzed a little bit" is something that drunk people say to convince themselves that they're not drunk. 
 Yeah. No, no, no, no, no. 
 Touch your fingers to your nose. 
 What? 
 Do it. 
 All right, come here. 
 Your fingers. 
 Walk a straight line. 
 Ohh! All right. 
 Ok, you can drive. 
 All right. Thank you very much. 
 Slowly though, no speeding. 
 Hey. 
 Eyes on the road, Casanova. 
 Just tell me you love me. 
 I do love you. 
 Now get your eyes on the road-Jordan! 
 Are you ok? 
 Yeah. 
 What the hell's he doing just sitting in the middle of the road? 
 Maybe he had a breakdown and he couldn't move it. 
 Jordan? 
 Jordan We should go. We could just turn around and go back the way we came. 
 Why didn't they just pull it off the side of the road? 
 Jordan? 
 Jordan, can we please just go? Come on. 
 Do you have the keys? 
 No, didn't you leave them in the car? 
 Yeah, I think. I don't know. 
 They have to be here somewhere. 
 Trish? 
 So what happened with you and J. J. at the redskins game? 
 Top secret. 
 Derek, hey. 
 I put the transcript from the last prison interview on your desk. 
 Ok. It wasn't classified rush. 
 You could have sent it inter office. 
 I could have. 
 Must be tough, man. 
 Not really. 
 What do you mean? You don't do anything and these women are throwing themselves at you. 
 Strictly off-limits, Reid. 
 There's no code of conduct that says agents can't socialize. 
 Well, see my code of survival says never mess with a woman who carries a gun. 
 So it sounds like bed rest isn't turning out to be very restful. 
 Bed rest is more like bed agony. 
 But in 10 minutes, I get to switch to my right side. 
 That'll be a thrill. 
 Honey, just try to relax and get a little rest, ok? 
 Of course. I love you. 
 Bye. 
 Everything all right? 
 Yeah. 
 The doctors are worried about Haley's blood-sugar levels. 
 They're worried about pre-eclampsia and I'm worried she's not gonna last 6 weeks in bed. 
 She wants out of the hospital. 
 Yeah. 
 Is it here? 
 Yeah. 
 Reid, Morgan document's up on the screen regarding the kidnapping of Trish Davenport. 
 Have you read them yet? 
 Yeah, got a copy from the document examiner. 
 What's it say? 
 That we've got until 8:00 tonight. 
 "You will follow instructions carefully. 
 You will do this to ensure the safety of your daughter. 
 You will wait for the call. 
 You will answer the call at 8:00 P. M. 
 You will write down the instructions and follow them to the letter." 
 That gives us less than 9 hours to get to Connecticut work up victimology on Trish davenport and prepare her father for the ransom drop. 
 How do we know the letter's real? 
 The handwriting is a match for Trish's. 
 He dictated it to her, and they found saline on the paper. 
 Her tears. 
 He never says "I." 
 He doesn't say "I will call." 
 He says, "you will answer the call." 
 He's distancing himself from the kidnapping. 
 If he said "I", he'd be taking responsibility for it. 
 There's also another missing element. 
 No mention of the police. 
 Ransom notes almost always forbid police involvement. 
 So is he expecting law enforcement to get involved? 
 Well, if he's expecting us, let's not disappoint him. 
 Euripides said "when a good man is hurt all who would be called good must suffer with him." 
 Everyone familiar with the father? 
 Evan Davenport, U. S. 
 Attorney, executive assistant southern district, New York. widower assigned U. S. Marshals 3 times in the past 10 years due to death threats. 
 Is the protective detail still current? 
 Around the clock, but Trish declined protection when she turned 18. 
 Too bad for the boyfriend. 
 But why kill him? 
 Well, if I'm gonna kidnap someone I know I have to take out whoever's with them. 
 It says here she's got a sister. 
 Cheryl. 
 Any problems? Were they close? 
 Yeah. They're identical twins. 
 Please, come in. 
 I have 6 people on my staff. I have 3 bodyguards. 
 They've all had polygraphs. 
 Everybody's been vetted. 
 And they all have alibis for the night of the kidnapping? 
 All accounted for by the local FBI field office. 
 Cheryl flew in yesterday. 
 I'm just making sure that she's not alone even for- 
 Sorry. I just feel like I'm suffocating here. 
 I just want somebody to tell me that she's ok. 
 Dr. Reid... 
 What do the statistics tell us? 
 If you follow their instructions and give them the money your daughter will be returned. 
 Done. 
 This house is bug free. 
 All right, bring it in! 
 So, what are your theories so far about this kidnapper? 
 That he targeted you for a reason. 
 Every line of the letter starts with the word "you." 
 He's angry at you probably feels like you owe him. 
 That everything you own, you don't deserve. 
 And from the language in the ransom we most likely believe that he's working alone. 
 What's she doing? 
 Lying on the road. 
 Yeah, I see that. But why? 
 She's trying to get a feel for what happened to her sister. 
 By lying on the ground? 
 The girl spent her teenage years perfecting ways to ditch her bodyguards. 
 We're just happy she's in our line of sight. 
 Cheryl Davenport? 
 Shh! 
 Just a minute. 
 No, I'm not crazy. 
 I'm lying here for a reason. 
 He dragged her from the car. 
 This is where she fell. 
 Trish is a fighter. 
 She wouldn't have gone quietly not even with a gun pointed at her. 
 She's right. 
 There are nail marks on the car seat. 
 So you believe your sister's still alive? 
 I know she's still alive. 
 You know the way twins know. 
 Not the "I can feel my twin's pain" crap. 
 If you stick her with a needle, I don't cry out. 
 But if something is bothering her, if something is wrong I can feel it. 
 Even from 1,000 miles away at college. 
 You study physics, right? 
 If you're asking why a science major would believe in something non-scientific I don't. 
 I just know what I feel. 
 My feeling is that my sister is still alive. 
 They're not entirely identical. They're mirror twins. 
 Some of Trish's organs are on the right side that should be on the left. 
 Doctors assured us that it wasn't life-threatening. 
 Situs inversus. 
 They had self-defense training? 
 Yeah. I insisted on it. 
 The protective detail rankled when they hit puberty and I was sure that they would refuse their bodyguards when they left for college. 
 Excuse me. Can you actually read that fast? 
 Our conscious minds can process 16 bits of information per second. 
 Our unconscious, however, can process 11 million. 
 Yes, I-I can actually read this fast. 
 If whoever took her wants me to blow cases or suppress evidence or stand down, I... 
 What makes you think it's someone you prosecuted? 
 Well, I have money, but I don't have millions. 
 I mean, what else could it be? 
 In our experience, Mr. Davenport every case is different. 
 What is he doing? 
 He's role-playing. 
 How does that work? 
 Well, he's-he's trying to think like the kidnapper. 
 He's trying to get a sense of him through his behavior. 
 Well, that doesn't sound very scientific, does it? 
 Ok. She was rarely without the boyfriend. 
 Well, I know in order to get to her, I got to take him out. 
 He was collateral damage. 
 Or was he? 
 Shot was to the face. That's personal. 
 Kill the boyfriend... 
 Get him out of the way so I can get her alone. 
 This button answers the call this button makes everyone in the room silent. It'll flash red. 
 You'll be able to hear his side of the conversation. 
 He won't be able to hear us. 
 We'll be running the trace through the field office but you're in good hands with agent Gideon and his team. 
 You think Cheryl's a whack job because she claims she can feel her sister's anxiety? 
 I never said whack job. 
 Actually there may be a physiological basis for it. 
 Don't ask. 
 Reversed asymmetry monozygotic eggs split late between 9 to 12 days. 
 The DNA matches right down to the very last stranded code and there's sporadic documentation of shared physiological pain. 
 And you believe it? 
 No, I'm just saying it's possible. 
 I don't know everything. 
 I mean, despite the fact that you think that I do. 
 I never said that. When have I ever said that? 
 Every day since I met you. 
 This morning at breakfast. 
 Yesterday when he beat you at cards. 
 Um... we've got one minute. 
 Anybody ever heard of sarcasm? 
 Remember keep your voice even and calm and agree with everything he says. 
 He's late. 
 He'll call. 
 Just try to relax. This is his strategy. He wants you on edge. 
 Remember to repeat any important information he gives you to make sure you understand. 
 You try to keep him talking to reveal something about Trish or about himself. 
 This is Evan Davenport. 
 Hello, Mr. Davenport. 
 Are you the man who has my daughter Patricia? 
 I have your daughter. 
 Can I ask you- - you may ask me nothing. 
 This is not an interrogatory. 
 You will listen only to my instructions. 
 Ok. 
 But I will not give them to you. 
 I don't understand. 
 I do not want to talk to you, Mr. Davenport. 
 Excuse me. 
 I want to talk to her. 
 I want to talk to Cheryl. 
 What's he doing? 
 What most of the offenders we catch try to do... 
 Establish dominance. 
 How long can we keep him on hold? 
 We can't put her on. 
 Why not? I want to help. I'll talk to him. 
 Cheryl doesn't have the authority that Davenport holds. 
 He shouldn't want to talk to her. 
 I think that she should speak to him. 
 Do I need to repeat myself? 
 I want to talk to Cheryl. 
 Put her on the phone. Now. 
 No. 
 I think she should speak to him. He wants to talk to her. 
 The more he speaks, the more he reveals. 
 She is right, Gideon. 
 He has my sister. 
 No. 
 I'm waiting. 
 Elle. 
 Ok. 
 This is Cheryl. 
 Hello. This is Cheryl. 
 I have Patricia by my side. I know her voice therefore I know her sister's. Get off the phone. 
 I want Cheryl. I'll give you 60 seconds. 
 If you don't put her on the phone I will hang up and you will never hear from me or Patricia again. 
 Prep her. 
 Come on over here, please. 
 50 seconds. 
 This guy's arrogant. 
 Let him know that he's in control. 
 Let him guide the conversation. 
 40. 
 Use your sister's name. 
 Say my sister Trish or her name's Patricia. 
 35 seconds. 
 Talk about her. Let him get to know her through you. 
 Don't veer off topic. 
 Got it. 
 Agree with him. 
 25 seconds. 
 Tell him that you understand him and as hard as this sounds, empathize. 
 20 seconds. 
 Let him know that he didn't mean to hurt Trish or go this far and that he can fix it. 
 He has a chance to show that he's a kind and forgiving person by letting your sister go. 
 10 seconds. 
 And if you don't know what to say, I'll tell you. 
 3, 2, 1. 
 This is Cheryl. 
 Hello, Cheryl. How are you? 
 I'd be a lot better if I knew that my sister... 
 Patricia's ok. 
 I can tell you have a lot of empathy, Cheryl. 
 You care about others. 
 Yes, I do. 
 And it sounds like you understand. 
 You mean that I empathize? 
 Yes. 
 I do. Very much. I empathize. 
 I empathize with you, Cheryl. 
 I know you want to be with your sister. 
 Yes, I want Trish back. 
 Good. Tell me what you want, Cheryl. 
 I'm very interested. Tell me all about yourself. 
 What's your favorite color? 
 Don't answer that. Stay with Trish. 
 If I tell you, will you let me talk to my sister? 
 Maybe. 
 Maybe not. 
 I like blue. 
 How ordinary. 
 Do you like chocolate, Cheryl? 
 Do...you...like...chocolate? 
 Yes. 
 I do as well. 
 Please, let me talk to my sister. 
 All I want to do is hear her voice. Please. 
 Hello? 
 Cher... 
 Trish! 
 Cher, is that you? 
 Trish, it's me. I'm here. Are you ok? 
 Cher, I can't... 
 Where are you? What do you see? 
 I... I see the moon. 
 
 
 
 Trish! 
 Have 500,000 ready. 
 Let me talk to her! 
 $500,000 is what I'm owed. The Davenports will wait by the phone. 
 You will receive a call with precise instructions in exactly 15 minutes. 
 Were your able to trace it? 
 No. He's probably using a disposable cell phone. 
 They're impossible to trace. 
 She said she could see the moon. 
 She sounded delirious. 
 She was sedated. 
 Could have been a light. 
 If he's keeping her drugged, it might mean he's not very strong. 
 He might have to keep her weak just so he can dominate her. 
 Or he's keeping her quiet. 
 Has Davenport told us everything about his staff? 
 Oh, yeah, we have detailed reports but we should probably revisit background on household staff aides and current docket. 
 Guys, she wasn't blindfolded. 
 No. 
 If she's seen his face, as soon as he gets that money... 
 He'll kill her. 
 He said owed. 
 $500,000. 
 His demand sounded scripted, like he was reading it to us. 
 $500,000 is what I'm owed. 
 But the rest of the conversation wasn't. 
 He was his most relaxed just talking to Cheryl. 
 What does that mean? 
 Maybe he already knew her. How much time we got? 
 6 minutes. 
 How quickly can you get the money? 
 Look, I know I shouldn't drink, but under the circumstances you'd think you could let this one slide. 
 He's gonna call back. 
 We need you at your best. 
 Have you had many cases like this? 
 I've seen my share of abductions. 
 I don't know how you do it, this job. 
 How do you stomach it? 
 The men I hunt down are cowards. 
 For the most part, they target the weakest members of society, women and children. 
 There's nothing I'd rather do more than put the bastards away. 
 I just wish you could get 'em before they snatch someone. 
 Trish is alive. 
 You've trusted your feelings this far. Hold onto that. 
 Everything will be done by Cheryl. 
 Cheryl will gather the money packets. 
 Only she will touch the money. 
 Cheryl will make the drop. 
 If she is wired, if you use a look-a-like, Patricia dies. 
 Cheryl will get in her car. 
 No one is to be in the car with her, no one is to follow her no air surveillance, no car surveillance of any kind will be tolerated. 
 I will give directions over a cell phone as Cheryl drives. 
 She must make the drop at exactly 3:00 A. M. 
 She will follow each instruction to the letter. 
 We can't let her go alone. 
 He said if he sees anyone- 
 I know. One car, unmarked. 
 Tinted windows. 
 If he sees one of you, and Trish dies- 
 if my daughter dies... 
 Cheryl's car has GPS. 
 We'll be able to track her. 
 The first thing he's gonna do is have her switch cars. 
 Where are we headed? 
 Let's see. 
 An address which appears to be... 
 A rental car lot. 
 You know my guess? 
 One of these cars has a set of keys already in the ignition with a disposable cell phone sitting right in it. 
 So she switches cars and phones. 
 5 minutes. 
 He's probably gonna have her drive around for over an hour just to make sure no one's following her. 
 And then the ransom drop. 
 What is it? What's the matter? 
 Something's not right about this. 
 What if he was watching us or listening to us? 
 The local office did a bug sweep. 
 Come on, you heard that ransom call. 
 It was way too simple. 
 All right You're the unsub. What would you have done differently? 
 I would have said don't involve the police or the media. 
 $500,000. No consecutive serial numbers on the bills. 
 No marked bills. No new bills. 
 No tracking devices in the money bag. 
 No explosive dyes in the money bag. No tracking devices in the car. 
 Why didn't he say any of this? 
 Hotch, this was never about the money. 
 It's not a ransom drop. 
 It's a second kidnapping. 
 Cheryl, get down get down! 
 Don't move! 
 Cheryl's all right. 
 Hey. Hi, Hotch. 
 That was fun, wasn't it? 
 A little running around, getting our pulses racing. 
 Are you there, Cheryl? 
 Are you there?! 
 Tell me you didn't feel a slight tingle, a thrill run up your spine. 
 Huh? 
 But those clever and cunning FBI agents deduced my little plan just in time. 
 They figured it out. 
 If they hadn't, I would have had you both. 
 The whole set. The matching pair. 
 Why are you doing this? 
 Because you asked me to, Cheryl. 
 You asked me with your glances. 
 The way you talk. Those little gestures. 
 What are you doing? 
 Do not answer this man. 
 You asked for this! You asked for it, Cheryl! 
 Cheryl! 
 What do you want? 
 What do I want?! You! 
 It may not be today, it may not be tomorrow but I promise you, we will be together. 
 We can't let Cheryl speak with him any further. 
 Why not? 
 It's only feeding his psychosis to allow your interaction. 
 Was Trish involved in any serious relationships prior to the kidnapping? 
 With the boy that was killed. 
 They were together for 2 years. 
 Trish didn't want me to tell you. 
 They were getting engaged. 
 Well, that certainly could have been the unsub's stressor. 
 What does that mean? 
 Will someone please tell me what we're dealing with here? 
 De Clerambault's syndrome, otherwise known as erotomania the belief that someone, usually of a higher social status but not necessarily a celebrity, is in love with you. 
 Erotomanics believe that the objects of their affection are subtly professing their love for them through looks, gestures- 
 Glances. 
 He said, "you asked me with your glances." 
 The unsub truly and full-heartedly believes that Cheryl and Trish are in love with him. 
 They don't tell him this with their voices. 
 No, with gestures and looks. 
 He's obsessed with them. 
 What does this mean? 
 He is the most determined kind of criminal. 
 Crime of obsession. Your specialty, your lead, Morgan. 
 I think we should recheck everyone on Davenport's staff against the profile of a stalker. 
 Aren't stalking behaviors pretty diverse? 
 There's overlap. 
 Narcissistic, inflated sense of self-worth, history of bad relationships. 
 What do we know so far? 
 He's probably white, obviously male... 
 Sophisticated speech patterns. 
 Sophisticated, yet bizarre. 
 He rarely uses contractions. 
 It's not "you're, " it's "you are." 
 This guy's pretentious. 
 He wants to sound smarter than he actually is. 
 Whatever position of authority or level of success this guy has he had to struggle for it. 
 We also have to face the possibility at this point... 
 That Trish may already be dead. 
 You know, so far he's called every play. 
 I say we apply some pressure, make him sweat. 
 Well, there's only one way to do that. 
 Hold on, hold on, hold on. 
 What are you doing? 
 Agent Gideon... 
 Hello? 
 Tell me there was a technical issue with the line because if you actually just hung up on m- 
 What the hell are you doing? 
 Are you gonna answer it? 
 Why is he doing this? What is he-what- 
 you're gonna drive this guy crazy. Just- 
 quiet. Please, quiet. 
 Cheryl, he knows what he's doing. 
 Somebody has to answer it! 
 Just answer the phone, for god's sake! 
 Pick up the phone- 
 Don't touch it! 
 He knows what he's doing. 
 Davenport residence. 
 Are you out of your mind? 
 You do realize, you do understand, that I'll kill her?! 
 Do you- 
 You're killing my daughter! 
 Pick up that phone! 
 Get him quiet. 
 Get him quiet. I- 
 Mr. Davenport, get a hold of yourself. 
 Answer the phone! 
 Quiet him! 
 She is dead! 
 You hang up on me again, and I rip her open! 
 I'm sorry. You must have the wrong number. 
 Come on, Gideon. 
 You killed her. 
 No, sir. 
 Oh, yeah. Then what-what the hell do you think you're doing? 
 I'm saving your daughter, Mr. Davenport. 
 Have a little faith. 
 Put Cheryl on the phone. 
 No. You're finished talking to Cheryl. 
 Listen to that tone of authority. 
 Just like your published work, agent Gideon. 
 Fascinating to hear the same arrogant quality in your own voice. 
 You are a bit of a pedant, Jason, a bit didactic? 
 Well, that's a very interesting conclusion. 
 You sound intelligent, and you certainly sound educated, and... 
 We both know that's not true. 
 Oh, I know all about all of you. 
 The ambitious agent Hotchner? 
 Do you wanna be director of the FBI someday, agent Hotchner? 
 Would you step on Jason Gideon to get there? 
 I think you would. 
 Posttraumatic stress is a very good excuse. 
 Even your sick, pregnant wife can't get you to leave your post. 
 Jason Gideon, an expert in the criminal psyche yet unable to diagnose the autistic leanings of the very insecure Dr. Reid. 
 Well, maybe he can make money counting cards in Las Vegas. 
 The lovely Elle was promoted too soon. 
 She doesn't have what it takes to make it in the B. A. U. Boys club. 
 You're no threat to me, you're no threat to anyone. 
 And Token Derek Morgan wants to be taken seriously but he is just a pumped-up side of beef. 
 I know who you are, I know how you think and I know what to do next! Do you? 
 What the hell was that? 
 Why did he say that he knows what to do next? 
 Is he gonna hurt my daughter? 
 He was grandstanding. 
 You don't know that. 
 You-you can't possibly know that. 
 Mr. Davenport, I have learned more in the last 5 minutes than in the last 24 hours. 
 Oh, really? Well, I don't understand. 
 Why is he focused on you right now? 
 Because we are interfering in his relationship with the girls. 
 He said he knows all about you. 
 Yes, apparently. 
 He profiled us, Mr. Davenport. 
 Why would he do that? 
 To show us how smart he is. 
 Often times the best profilers are the unsubs themselves. 
 They're the ones able to walk into an arcade full of children and pinpoint the boy or girl that can be led out quietly. 
 But he made a mistake, because he gave us something he didn't expect. 
 Which is? 
 He told us how to find him. 
 You said you knew how to find him, that you were gonna save my daughter. 
 Why don't you get out there and do something? 
 What are you-everybody's standing around here, looking- 
 Mr. Davenport- - Don't condescend to me. Don't patronize me. 
 Evan, evan. Evan. 
 Everybody is doing the best that they can. 
 Come on. Come on. Take a break, come on. 
 For the suspect to know that much about us he has to be one of us. 
 I'm gonna have Garcia do a search of the New Haven FBI field office. 
 The guy we're looking for knows this house, he knows the family. 
 There's 700 agents in New Haven and another 70 in satellite offices. 
 Davenport knows quite a few of them. 
 While we're narrowing the list, Cheryl can't stay here. 
 If he's one of us, he has access, weapons and you bet he's got a strategy. 
 So who can we trust? 
 No one. We need to get Cheryl to a safe house. 
 And limit the amount of agents she comes in contact with. 
 We're in. We'll walk the perimeter. 
 Yeah. 
 I'm, uh, sorry about before. 
 It's your daughters. You- 
 You don't have to apologize for anything. 
 So, this, uh... 
 This safe house, you sure it's ok? 
 Of course. 
 We have agents inside, out. 
 So now we just...wait. 
 They did a bug sweep, right when we arrived. 
 Yeah, I remember. 
 And yet the unsub seems to know all about us. 
 Hey, Reid, do you know what non-local interaction is? 
 What are you getting at? 
 How can he be holding Trish prisoner and still know exactly what we're talking about? 
 I know what you're saying. 
 It seems like he knows what's going on here the moment that it happens. 
 There's gotta be a listening device. 
 They swept the room when we got here. 
 Yeah. And then they brought in their own equipment. 
 Come in. 
 Cheryl. 
 It's good to finally get you alone. 
 Agent Shyer called you by your first name. 
 You know him that well? 
 He works out of the New York field office. 
 I know his father. We've met socially on occasion. 
 Has he been here before? 
 A few times. 
 Does it ever annoy you when people want to line you and Patricia up together to examine the differences? 
 It seems like it would get old real fast. 
 But I don't need to do that. 
 I've known you both for so long, loved you for so long. 
 Please don't do this. 
 But this is how it should have been all along, the 3 of us together. 
 Put the knife down. 
 You don't understand. 
 You don't understand my relationship with these girls. 
 Put the knife down. 
 You don't understand- 
 I said put it down! 
 You ok? 
 Where is Patricia? 
 It's OKay. 
 Hey. 
 Thank you. 
 Hey, how did Elle get Shyre to give us Trish's location? 
 I imagine she found some creative way to persuade him. 
 What do you think- 
 you know, you just don't need to ask so many questions. 
 Let's... just enjoy the moment. 
 Euripides said "when love is in excess, it brings a man no honor nor worthiness." 
 You all right? 
 You took a taser hit. 
 Yeah, I know I did. So what? 
 So no one expects you to finish the Davenport file tonight. 
 Yeah, well, I guess it's still a little fresh on my mind. 
 Nothing like 50,000 volts in your back to keep your motor running, right? 
 You know, Elle, I'm just... 
 I'm lucky as hell that b*st*rd didn't gut me when I was unconscious. 
 He wasn't interested in you. 
 Yeah. 
 You know, Shyer didn't see you as a peer or a threat. 
 That was his mistake. 
 Yes, it was. 
 You're gonna be here all night. Give me half. 
 Ok. 
 Be careful what you wish for. 
 Knock yourself out. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 