Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x07 - Out of Control - Beauty and the Beast 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x07 - Out of Control https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=321&t=18789 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 11/30/12 20:39 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x07 - Out of Control 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Nine years ago,  I witnessed my mother's murder. 
 I would have been killed, too,  if it hadn't been for Vincent. 
 You're him. 
 I just found... six cases of you  trying to save victims around the city. 
 You're not a monster. Who are you making yourself look so pretty for? And if I said you? Well, that'd be nice. Crowd : Surprise! (cheering) Catherine :  I just don't want  to complicate things, you know? We're friends. We work together. It's just one kiss. Right. Vincent, I want to have you over for dinner. I'll have dinner ready by 8:00. Unless there's something else holding you back. I hope to see you there. Vincent :  I can't remember what happened last night. You fugued out. Fugued out? You're up and walking around, but it's like you got amnesia. (gasping softly) ♪ In the summer ♪ 
♪ Saccamma camma to the famma ♪ 
♪ Como yo cama cama ♪ (lively party chatter) ♪ Oh ♪ 
♪ In the summer ♪ 
♪ In the summer say me something bad baby ♪ 
♪ Say me suttin bad when the sun shining, come on ♪ 
♪ Show me something wrong bay-by ♪ 
♪ Show me suttin wrong in the summertime ♪ (crickets chirping) The grove? Oh, you didn't even pin me yet. I can change that. (giggles) (giggles) Mmm. (giggles) (gasps) (screams) ♪ Take me over ♪ 
♪ And over ♪ 
♪ Dark flash ♪ 
♪ Quick get your cover ♪ (sighs) ♪ Find wholeness ♪ 
♪ In due time Weekend getaway? Going somewhere fun? Romantic? Yeah, actually. I mean, I hope. Fun, not... not romantic really. Have fun. Thank you. ♪ When the seasons ♪ 
♪ Change your mind ♪ (siren wails) Good morning! Handbook Chapter 3: try to not look giddy when approaching a murder scene. I seriously doubt I look giddy. We'll get back to that. Frat party, couple sneaks out to make nasty in the bushes, finds a cut-up fraternity brother. How long's he been here? They're doing a prelim. Speaking of hot brothers... The firefighters calendar launch party tonight. Okay, you didn't seriously just use that as a segue, did you? Two tickets to the party. Sorry, but I have plans already. Yeah, you know what? You actually do have plans, and they're called Mr. July and Mr. October. Give me one good reason besides your old favorite "I have to run an errand." Or do you want me to start asking the tough questions about your elusive life these days? It's just a casual thing, right? I'll be back before nightfall. Hopefully not alone. All right. Wingman invite accepted. (chuckles) Making out in the bushes just isn't what it used to be. Vic is Derek Moore. Narrowed down the time of death between midnight and 1:00 a.m. I found a short trail of blood on the sidewalk that veers up into the lawn. He managed to make it this far after the attack before he died? Yeah, but thanks to the extremely efficient sprinkler system, the true crime scene's gonna be next to impossible to find. Blood trail's been washed away. (shower running) I blacked out again. JT : Frontal cortex has maintained a steady algorithm over the last hour. No sign of hypotension. I don't get it. You know, it's like I'm sleepwalking or something. And I know it's not due to low blood sugar, so what is triggering it? The trigger's unclear. Everything seems normal-ish, but... you're showing signs of dissociative amnesia. You don't remember what you're doing, and... you're clearly doing something. Okay, I don't think you should be around me. If I don't know what I'm doing, and then I... You're not gonna hurt me. But just in case, I have backup. Stings a little but it's the best night's sleep you'll ever have. Good. But you're not the only one I'm worried about. I think it's safe to say you'll need an indefinite rain check on your camping weekend, but... we can't tell Catherine. I can't keep another secret from her. Just until we know what we're dealing with. If you think things are good, I seriously suggest you actually listen to me this time. I know you don't want to believe this, but... if Catherine thinks you're too dangerous, too out of control, she's gonna reach a point where she has to turn you in. I know she wouldn't do that, okay? We have to tell her. Okay. Let's not forget that we have a much bigger problem on our hands. If that wasn't your blood, whose was it? I don't know. All I remember is that I was walking past Northam Campus on my way to Catherine's, okay? It must have been just after midnight. And all of a sudden, you know, I started to feel light-headed and then... and then I don't remember. (beeping) It's happening. Do you feel any, uh... Vincent? (high-pitched, rapid beeping) (growls) (object clatters) (growls) (grunts) (panting) (growling) Vincent, no! (snarling) Vincent, stop! Vincent! (growls) ♪ Beauty and the Beast 1x07 ♪ Out of Control 
Original Air Date on November 29, 2012 (knocking) Catherine : Hey! Is everything okay? I heard a crash. (quietly): You got to be kidding me. JT? (knocking) Hello? I'll be right there. Catherine : JT? Is everything okay? Yes, yes. Here. He's not here. Wh-Where is he? It's the middle of the day. Probably on a rooftop somewhere. I don't know. You know Vincent. Uh-huh. Uh, you know what? I have to get back to Northam. Could you just let him know that I got roped into something by my partner tonight, so I'm gonna have to push our trip to tomorrow. Hope that's okay. Yeah. N-Northam? Did-did something happen on campus? Yeah, a m... a murder. Fraternity brother. Pretty gruesome. What time? Just after midnight. Why? No, I j... I have colleagues there. Just... curious. Busy night for murders or...? No. Pretty slow, actually. Just this and a gang hit in the Bowery. JT, are you okay? Yeah, I've... Just the... the campus thing, it... hits close to home. Always wonder when it's gonna be you. Uh, anyway, uh... I'll tell Vincent you stopped by. For sure. Good seeing you. Okay. (sighs) Any luck tracking down Derek's grudge list? Tess : No enemies have surfaced yet, but I'm about to have some face time with his girlfriend. She didn't do it. She has an alibi-- study group, Chem 102. Don't remind me. That's when I decided to become a lawyer. Tess : Oh, yeah? How's that working out for you? The 401(k) plan and fancy expense account are great, and it's awesome spending weekends on my yacht, thanks for asking. Lab results should be in. I'm gonna head to the morgue. Looks like the morgue found you. What is this, Bring Your Buddy to Work Day? Cat, Peter. Peter, Cat. Intern program. Criminology grad student. Don't look at me. It wasn't my choice. Joe signed off on it. Cat, is it? Peter Hollingsworth. The Third. I want to show you something on Derek's body. Peter, you know what would be really helpful? If you could go and get the report from the first investigators on the scene and see if it mentions anything about the postmortem stain. They put that in the report? That is so cool. Feel free to take your time. Oh, my God, you have a fan boy. (sighs) Cause of death: excessive bleeding from multiple lacerations. Now, we're going to run his clothes to see if we find any DNA other than Derek's. And we found splinters embedded deeply in the palm of his hand. Maybe he was defending himself with something. You were so right. Postmortem stain. You really pegged it. Rad. Totally rad. So, Catherine, this is what I thought you'd find interesting. At first, I was inclined to write it off as a cut. Maybe he snagged his ankle on a rock or something, but... Looks like a check mark. It is, and I've seen one like it before. Carved into another body? I haven't been able to remember where, but I've started to pull old files. He was in a fraternity. Maybe it was an initiation. Hazing. (birds singing) Look, I don't know what else to tell you. Maybe a hazing ritual went wrong. Wouldn't be the first time. You want to tell us about initiation? We don't really make that kind of thing public. We all take an oath here. Okay. You have any enemies? Maybe a rival house? Derek was a leader, a pledge master. The guys here-- they all looked up to him. He was one of my best bros. You seem pretty mellow for a guy whose best bro just got killed. I smoked a bowl this morning. You want to arrest me, go ahead. My dad's a partner at Lange and Wallace. Oh, partner. Must be a nice yacht. I'm late for class. Excuse me. Hey. Any reason you're playing I Spy? Catherine : We could use some help catching whoever did this. He was your brother. That's got to matter to somebody. It does, but I'm new here, and I took an oath... Okay, enough with the frickin' oath. We're not asking you for your secret handshake. But if you could point us to somebody who might have had a bone to pick with Derek. Tess : Want to explain? It's all the pledges. When we accept a bid, we sign our names. It's tradition. And the names that get crossed out? Dropouts. Why would someone drop? They can't hack it, but I'd rather go through with initiation than deal with the fallout of bailing. Fallout as in...? Let's just say, I wouldn't be checking my Facebook page much if I chickened out. It can get kind of brutal. Oh, public disgrace and humiliation. Joys of male bonding. Any idea where Bradley is? No one's seen him around campus since he left the house. (sighs) You don't need it. Tell that to my vertebrae and the concrete wall that realigned them. I didn't? You did. You didn't know what you were doing, so no guilt, but, I mean, toss me across the room like a sack of flour once, shame on you. I am so sorry. Are you okay? I'll live. But these new Terminator episodes take things to a whole new level. (sighs) Okay, I cannot leave this building until we figure out how to control it. (sighs) What did you find? It's not pretty. So, basically, when you're in Terminator trance, it looks like your frontal lobe is repressed. Like the functions that would normally give you control over your emotions, compassion, and all the... touchy-feely stuff. Okay, what else? What? JT, what is it? Uh... you have anything against frat guys? No. Why? Catherine's investigating a murder that happened right when you were blacked out. Same part of town, same hour. Died of multiple lacerations. Kind of like... claws. (chattering) ♪ I see you looking like you find me so appealing ♪ 
♪ 'Cause I be sipping like I'm sitting on a million ♪ 
♪ You ain't the first, you ain't the last... ♪ If you can't find Mr. Right here, you've reached the point of no return. ♪ Better be careful, boy, you're popping like a toaster... ♪ Look. Cover me. Okay. Hey. March, right? Yes, ma'am, that's right. Big fan of your work. She means your charity work. It's a great cause. Abs aren't bad, either. Tess. What? We're female cops. We get objectified all the time. Besides, you don't mind, do you? Okay. I'm gonna... I'm gonna go check out the buffet. See ya. (laughs) Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. (clears throat) February? Really? Who doesn't love February? It's so... cozy. So, July. July's a great month. November  is  great. It's got Thanksgiving and everything. (laughs) Hey. Hi. Mike. Mike Strickland. I'm September. Thanks. How do they decide the months, anyway? Do they look at you and go, "You look like fall, but not like late fall?" Weren't you on the beat in the 98th three years back? You were first on the scene of that tour bus. Right. You saved that kid with glasses who was trapped. Yeah, he's in the sixth grade now. He still sends me letters. Oh, well, um... good memory. I'm gonna go and work the room, or whatever I'm supposed to be doing. Okay. Good luck. (siren toots, horn honks) Man : I wasn't hiding or anything, ma'am. I was at my parents. Ma'am? Ouch. You realize we don't like that till we're, like, 50, right? Sorry. I don't really know how to talk to, you know... cops. Lady cops. Can you tell us why you dropped out of the Delts? You obviously pledged for a reason. You were the only one to drop. Couldn't handle the pressure? Look, Derek had this coming, but I didn't do it. I was playing  Deathwatch PvP. I'm sorry? It's, uh, player versus player with graphical interface. You know, we had five guys with picture lock on each other. What do you mean, "Derek had it coming to him?" He's a complete sadist. I mean, I know initiation is supposed to be about jackass, old-school bonding stuff, but Derek would literally beat me with a paddle. Derek :  You should have run when you had a chance. I'm gonna teach you what it means to be a brother. You're gonna beg for freaking mercy, bro. Like Walton Bell Tower never saw. I am gonna make you weep. Who's Walton? It's a  what. The Walton Bell Tower on campus. It's where most of the fun went down. 
 
 (beeps, trilling) Were all the hazing rituals done there? Pretty much. Actual crime scene? Derek wasn't attacked where he was found. Tech triangulated the call. Came from a quadrant of campus midway between the party Derek left and that tower. Why would you leave a party alone in the middle of the night and go halfway across campus? And head to a hazing tower. He made it sound like he was meeting you there. Up there? In the middle of the night? No way. It sounded like he thought he was. Maybe someone used your name to lure him there? Maybe said you'd reconsidered. That you were coming back to the house. And meeting him at Walton Tower. (bell tolling) (door squeaks open) I rest my case. Still no closer to understanding guys. Looks like we found the actual scene of attack. Tess : Is that a saddle shoe? I didn't know those came back into style. I'll call our location in. (gasps) Vincent? Why are you here? I'm so sorry. I followed you. What are you doing? I thought we were going to meet tonight. Uh, tonight can't happen. I'm sorry. I-I really wanted to get away from all of this with you... but, uh, things have changed. Oh. No. I understand. No, I don't think you do. I need to tell you something. The killer that you're after-- he might be me. In a minute we'll know if the blood from the tower matches what Vincent tracked in. Hey? Yeah? Hey, um, I'm so sorry about this weekend. That doesn't matter right now. You didn't ask for this. Vincent, you did not murder Derek. Even when you're not yourself, you do the right thing. I kill people, too, and you know it. I wish that I could tell you that normally, this wasn't my life, but... I'm not going anywhere. Trust me. Okay. Derek was on his way across campus. We think that he was sent there by someone at the party. One of his fraternity brothers? Or at least one of the pledges. Derek was brutal during hazings. Tess is running all their profiles. Good, because one of them is your perp. Most likely. The blood samples don't match. Vincent didn't do it. Okay, but I had someone's blood on me. Whose was it? What's that? I'm scanning through old cases from last year. I know that I've seen this strange check mark somewhere before. A-ha. Oh, my gosh, you were right. Another body found on campus almost a year ago. Looks like we're no longer talking about one isolated homicide. You got all that from one check mark? Obviously the check mark is a calling card the killer is leaving behind, targeting college students. No. Hang on. She wasn't even officially a victim. She was a cadaver from the campus anatomy lab. "Campus security found the cadaver "lying on the steps of the old science block with a fresh check mark carved into her embalmed flesh"" They wrote it off as a sick prank. That's amazing that you remembered that photo. So the cadaver was practice, perhaps. For a real murder? A year later. You never know what triggers these guys to take the big step. I need you to double-check the ETA on those lab results. Cool. Where are you going? Our killer had to have access to the lab where the cadaver was from. I'm going to have them pull the student roster for that semester, and then I'm gonna check out the actual crime scene. Please tell me you got something new. I'm at the bell tower. Been too busy with the body to actually survey the true crime scene that you found. Our killer left that check mark as a calling card, so there's probably other clues. What did you make of that ball? Seemed like some kind of throwback ritual that was part of initiation tradition. Brothers didn't give us much. Yeah, it's almost as if the scene's been staged for some reason. Look, I had seen that check mark before. I think our killer made a practice run several months ago. Practice run? On a cadaver here on campus. I put a call in to get a roster... Agh! Evan? Evan, are you okay? Evan! Evan! Evan! Whoever this SOB was, he was bold enough to kidnap one of our own. We're in a race against the clock. Found Evan's phone in the bell tower. From what he told me, we're looking for someone who was planning this murder for a while now. We think this cadaver was a trial run. IT got into Evan's computers. This picture was the last window that was opened. Looks like our perp did a test on a cadaver from the campus anatomy lab several months ago. Think he took the plunge and made his first real kill with this fraternity kid? That's what it looks like. I'm circulating a list of students who had access to the Northam Cadaver Lab the semester of the first incident. Evan had requested it before he was kidnapped. We pulled it from his emails. If our perp sticks close to campus, why take Evan? What's this psycho's MO? We don't have motive for Derek's attack, but for Evan, it seemed pretty simple. He was getting too close. Close to what? The guy's stuck in a morgue. But he was taken from the crime scene on campus. Wait a minute. What's the name of Evan's new intern? Peter something, the third. Hollingsworth? From Northam University. Son of a bitch. That's why he knew Evan was onto him. You really think he'd have the balls to come to a precinct, into our own lab that's investigating the murders he committed? What if the whole thing was planned? What better way for a criminology student to follow his first kill all the way through the whole process? He asked for an internship in the precinct where he knew Derek's body would end up. Okay, okay, I'll put out an APB. We got our perp. Let's get this SOB. We'll find out where he lives. (siren wailing) What's is this? Oh, my God. Something tells me this isn't for a dissertation. Wait a minute. Jazz album, saddle shoe, beach ball. Derek's murder is an exact replica, except for when he tried to crawl away for help. Peter's copying famous murders in the city. Great. A copycat. Nothing better than one freak mimicking a bunch of other freaks. I'm gonna send these to the precinct, (shutter clicking) see if they can get any information on the original cases that might help us figure out where he took Evan. But if he was gonna try to kill Evan, why not just do it in the bell tower? These crimes are all about precision and control, right? So if he's recreating famous New York murders, he's not going to just kill Evan randomly. Okay, so the question is: which one of these is he going to recreate with Evan? We can rule out the ones he already committed. And the ones that are too far away. It's broad daylight. He's going to want to go somewhere dark, somewhere out of the way. The subway tracks. But the closest subway station's over a mile from the bell tower. Manhattan Main Line. There is no Manhattan Main Line. But there was back in the '20s. It used to connect to that old City Hall Line. Let's get everybody down there. It's not going to be easy. That rail line-- it goes on for miles. Vincent :  What about this one? Attempted rape, assailant hasn't come forward yet. No ID on the guy who saved her. Promising. (door slams) You forgot to turn on the security? What's the point? Vincent, I need you. Someone took Evan. The guy from her birthday? Yes. The one you kissed? JT. Just clarifying. He's gone. I need you to come with me. I don't think that's a good idea. He may have been taken to the tunnels under campus. The abandoned rail line. Why there? He's... He's recreating old killings. Vincent, he's recreating yours, from the night you saved me at the subway. You know the underbelly of this city better than anyone. You might be my only hope of finding Evan before it's too late. Why am I always outnumbered? Fine, if you're going to go into the dark tunnels with this guy alone... (chambers round) you're gonna need this. Officer : Check that tunnel down there. Over this way, over this way. Apparently, your apprenticeship is at an end. It's okay. I been studying my whole life. Any particular reason? Happy little boys don't conventionally dream of slicing up bodies. Do they usually find their fathers lying stone-cold on the garage floor with a perfect splatter of blood projecting from their left temple? (train passing overhead) How old were you? Seven. Does it matter? Did that moment turn me into something I wasn't, or have I always been this way? Enough studying, time for action? (knife blade clicks) I can hear your sarcasm, but if you really wanted to understand us, you should have tried harder. Doesn't it ever get to you, only being a spectator, never actually accomplishing anything yourself? I can't say that that perspective has ever presented itself to me. Why Derek? You picked him as your first for a reason. I'd done my homework, and... it was time. I saw what Derek did to those pledges. It wasn't right. Plus he had the look that I needed, so... Still, it's hard to control the variables, isn't it? With me, you didn't really have time to prepare at all. Am I even the right type? To have this kill not align with the first in its acute attention to detail, well... That'll keep you up at night. You're trying to get into my head. And it's working, I assume, because I'm right. Anything? Other than bad memories from the last time we were down here? No. I'm alive because of you. And I would do it again. It just doesn't make taking a life any easier, that's all. Oh, no. Catherine, I think it's happening. Take it. Please. Protect yourself. Take it. You know what to do. No, I won't. Take it. (panting) Take it. Vincent. (rumbling) (growling) (Evan screams) (snarls) (groans) You're being too impulsive. You need to slow down, take your time. (rumbling) (growls) (grunts) (grunting) (snarling) (gunshot) (growls) (snarling) (panting) Evan. No, it's okay. It's me. Cat. Cat, what the hell just happened? Thank God we got to you in time. I was scared. Are you okay? (groans) (low growl) (panting) (phone rings) I have been calling. He's here. Oh, thank God. Is he okay? Yeah. We've got it under control. Okay, I am on my way. No. I-I mean... I don't think now is a good time. JT, I don't know how we cover this one up. Evan heard the whole attack. Be normal. Be as normal as you can possibly be. No one needs to know you have anything to do with us. Don't give anyone a chance to wonder what's going on. Okay. (phone beeps off) (siren chirps) I wasn't sure you'd be in today. You know us Brits; we keep it all inside. Did you get a psych eval? Charming little chat over tea. Evan. I'm alive. That's what I'm focusing on-- that and how I could have been so moronic to have this guy under my wing and not even see it. You didn't ask for him; he came to you. I wouldn't be so hard on yourself, and you figured it out... mostly. I'm used to seeing the aftermath of these kind of guys, but to be face to face with one, to see that he had no remorse, no emotion... Do you remember any of what happened to him? I don't think I'll ever forget. All I know is that whatever killed Peter, it wasn't entirely human. What do you mean? I think you know. To a degree. What you went through with your mom in the woods. Yeah, and after years of couch surfing with a dozen therapists, I realized it was all in my head. I went through this horrific experience and my mind tried to make sense of it. I heard flesh ripping, not just being severed, but ripped apart, Catherine. I swear, it was some kind of... Evan, I'm not questioning what you went through. I just-- I know how easy it is to see the beast when there is none. Ev... Evan, you're okay now. You're safe. That's what matters. Morning. So, you know those firefighters I was talking to at the party the other night? This ends badly for me, doesn't it? Strickland, the cute one, is into you, and the only way he'll go out is if he has his wingman, the hot one with the arm tattoo. That's a lot of math. Double date on them. This is entrapment. This is fun-- something you're in desperate need of. Okay, it's happening. You're distracted. Who is he? Okay, there, there was this guy that I was kind of into, but it doesn't matter. Okay, well, the best way to get over an "it doesn't matter" guy is to find a new one, preferably one who looks good bare-chested in red suspenders. Oh, no, that is not the face of someone who's happy we solved the case. Just, uh, seeing what was left of our perp last night. Psycho deserved it-- off the record. Now, that is for the courts to decide. Our vigilante stepped way across the line. He's out of control and he just jumped to the top of our most wanted list. Every precinct is on this. Okay, this guy's got to get brought in. It looks like there's been attacks all over town. Somebody out there knows something and is just not talking. Eight incidents in the past month. This is suspect "A" number one. ♪ Calling on Saint Christopher ♪ 
♪ Gonna need some help tonight ♪ 
♪ For the long, dark road ahead ♪ 
♪ On my way back to the light ♪ 
♪ 'Cause the path is so unclear ♪ 
♪ And I'm not sure who to be ♪ 
♪ All I know is, I can't stay here... ♪ How is he? Been better. ♪ Won't you please watch over me? ♪ So, just out of curiosity, when you were armed with a loaded tranq gun that would have prevented exactly what happened in the tunnel, why not use it? Look, Vincent was my only hope of saving Evan. I took a chance. You may have saved Evan, but you didn't think about the price Vincent would pay. ♪ Yeah, I'm on my way ♪ 
♪ Now ♪ 
♪ It can get so lonely here ♪ 
♪ Do we learn to face our fears... ♪ (gasps) ♪ Before they carve our names in stone? ♪ He put himself in there. ♪ Well, I'm on my way... We got it ready years ago in case he ever needed containment. You can't keep him in that. He's dangerous. If he's not in control of himself, somebody needs to be. You shouldn't be here. We are going to figure out a way to fix this. I am getting you out of here. Give me the key. That might be a little harder than it seems. We retraced Vincent's steps and looked at what's triggering his blackouts. The night he was going to dinner, where he was headed near that campus, who he heard coming up the stairs when he blacked out in here yesterday. ♪ Calling on Saint Christopher... ♪ It's you. ♪ Gonna need some help tonight. ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 