Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x20 - Anniversary - Beauty and the Beast 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x20 - Anniversary https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=321&t=18802 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/04/13 02:59 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x20 - Anniversary 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Vincent :  We knew our lives would never be the same. 
 Catherine :  He saved my life. 
 Vincent :  And she saved mine. 
 Catherine :  We're destined. 
 Vincent :  But we know it won't be easy. 
 Catherine :  Even though we have every reason to stay apart... 
 Vincent :  We'll risk it all to be together. 
 I am so in love with you. 
 Previously on 
 Beauty & the Beast... 
 I have been hunting Muirfield for most of my life. 
 So you were some kind of guinea pig? 
 Continually being harvested for blood and tissue and anything else they could take from me. 
 I still don't know what you want with me. 
 You're a cop. 
 My position can open certain doors, but you can go places that I can't. 
 If we work together, we can take Muirfield down for good. 
 I thought you'd be more sympathetic to someone who was used by Muirfield. 
 I will be if he really is who he says he is. 
 That woman I told you about? 
 The one who smuggled me out of Muirfield? 
 I think she might have been Detective Chandler's mother. 
 ♪ 
♪ Gonna wash the dust off my soul ♪ 
♪ Gonna listen to some rock and roll... ♪ 
 Good morning. 
 Hey. 
 How long have you been here? 
 Uh, a little while. 
 You're just watching me sleep? 
 Yeah, there's a lot to watch. 
 You, uh, you did this yawn and then you did this little cute nose scratch thing, and then, uh, you did that, uh... (clucks) 
 You know, that-that clucking noise that you make. 
 I do not cluck. 
 Oh, yeah, you do. 
 No. 
 ♪ That waves will wash the gray away ♪ 
♪ I'm making a beautiful day... ♪ 
 You know, I just... 
 I didn't want you to wake up alone today. 
 You okay? 
 Yeah. 
 I mean, my mom has been gone ten years. 
 It doesn't matter how long it's been, an anniversary is always hard. 
 This year feels different. 
 Different good or different bad? 
 Well, you're here, so that's good. 
 Hmm. 
 And I'm not waking up racked with guilt. 
 Well, it's the first year you know you're not responsible. 
 Yeah, but I'm not responsible because Muirfield killed her because she worked with them. 
 The people that ruined your life... 
 My life is far from ruined. 
 ...who are hunting you down, she was one of them. 
 She was one of the good ones. 
 Okay, so, a little different bad and good, yeah? 
 More bad than good. 
 Which is why I really don't feel like celebrating her celestial birthday tonight. 
 Her what? 
 Family tradition. 
 The idea was, when she dd, she was born to the stars. 
 So, we get together, light candles, listen to her favorite music, eat her favorite food. 
 Well, sounds nice. 
 Except even though we know she liked '80s power ballads and pineapple on her pizza, turns out we didn't really know her at all. 
 She lied to me. 
 And I was her person, we were so close. 
 So... 
 You know what I want to celebrate tonight? 
 What? 
 Our anniversary. 
 You realize that that's today, too, don't you? 
 Yes, the anniversary of the first time we saw each other. 
 Of the first time you saved me. 
 So, I'm just gonna tell Heather and my dad that I'm busy, and, um, you and I can... 
 No, no, no, no, no. 
 Bailing on your dad and your sister is just gonna make you feel guilty all over again. 
 Okay, besides, it seems like you need reminding that you did know her, at least in the important ways. 
 Yeah, favorite pizza topping is so important. 
 Come on, let's not get caught up in the bad stuff from the past. 
 Today is about celebrating her and moving forward. 
 Right, moving forward. 
 Which is why I want to celebrate us. 
 Uh-uh. 
 Mm, okay, we can do that by going to the cemetery together, and saying hi to her. 
 ♪ And it's gonna be my beautiful day... ♪ 
 Well played. 
 Hey. 
 Hey, Vargas, I, uh, I want to go over the security detail for the mayor's thing today. 
 Oh, right, yeah, there's a lot of details about the detail. 
 Listen, I want to apologize to you for bailing this morning. 
 I mean, who knew that Marelli got his morning coffee near your place? 
 That was a really good save, saying that you were checking out a new gym. 
 Mm. 
 I'd believe that we just ran into each other if I was him. 
 Or maybe I should just learn how to make coffee. 
 Or we could just go public. 
 Wow. 
 Okay. 
 Tess, there's a spot open at the 15th. 
 You would transfer for me? 
 (sighs) 
 The spot is for you. 
 Wow, so you just assumed that I'd be the one to go? 
 There aren't as many spots available at my level. 
 Right. 
 But I've worked my ass off to get the respect I get at this precinct. 
 Yeah, and if people found out, you could lose that respect. 
 Me? 
 Both of us. 
 It was just a suggestion. 
 Okay, like you said, we covered with Marelli. 
 We don't have to go public. 
 It's up to you. 
 I only have an hour before I have to be security detail for the mayor's park dedication. 
 Moving forward, remember? 
 (sighs) 
 Right. 
 Let's go give her some lilies. 
 See, it's just like we're walking in Central Park. 
 Hey, we don't get to do that. 
 What? 
 Who is that? 
 Is that Gabe? 
 Catherine : What is he doing here? 
 Well, did you tell him what today was? 
 No. 
 Maybe Tess or Joe did? 
 So, what, he's paying his respects? 
 He was a victim of Muirfield, and he knows she was, too. 
 Or maybe he has a thing for you. 
 What? 
 Well, you just spent all that time together looking over Muirfield files. 
 Yeah, that was really romantic. 
 Well, maybe he thought it was. 
 He doesn't know you got a boyfriend. 
 Just... we'll come back later. 
 No, I am busy later. 
 Don't you want to know what he's doing here? 
 Besides, you're the one who made this convincing argument that I should start my day saying hi to my mom. 
 And now you want me to blow her off? 
 Okay, I'll wait until he's gone. 
 Give me the calla lilies. 
 Hey. 
 Catherine. 
 I wasn't expecting you to be here so early. 
 I wasn't expecting you to be here at all. 
 Look, I've been meaning to talk to you. 
 Actually, I just figured it out myself. 
 You brought calla lilies. 
 The other day, when you mentioned your mother's necklace. 
 My doctor, when I was a kid, I called her Vanessa. 
 I never knew her last name, but she had the same necklace. 
 My mom was your doctor? 
 I was too stunned to tell you. 
 Oh, my God. 
 Those... those experiments that Muirfield did on you and those... those other orphaned kids, did she perform them? 
 No. 
 No, you think I'd be here with flowers if she had? 
 I'm here with flowers, and I'm conflicted about her. 
 Catherine, your mother wasn't the one who experimented on us. 
 She was the doctor who came in to check on us and made sure we were okay. 
 Honestly, she was the only truly loving adult we had, and I adored her. 
 That's why I came here today. 
 But I am sorry if my being here has upset you. 
 No. 
 Um... today is supposed to be about celebrating her. 
 Well, there was lots to celebrate. 
 Gabe (distant) : You know she used to bring us art supplies to keep us busy. 
 God, I probably grew up eating your leftovers, watching your old movies. 
 That's where all my old VHS tapes probably disappeared to. 
 Airplane,  all the Pink Panthers. 
 (French accent): "I thought you said your dog did not bite". 
 (French accent): "That is not my dog." 
 (both laugh) 
 She had a pretty good sense of humor for a biochemist. 
 Um, my family, we're, uh, having a thing for her tonight. 
 Just-just small, if you want to come. 
 I would love to come. 
 I'll see if I can find some of those old VHS tapes. 
 (huffs) 
 If it's all right with you, I'd like to do something for her. 
 Maybe replace the headstone. 
 I noticed it was cracked. 
 Looks like it's been that way for a while. 
 The crack's pretty deep. 
 Did you guys have her moved? 
 No. 
 I mean, at least I don't think so. 
 But then again, I am always the last person to know these things when it comes to my mom. 
 You know what? 
 It's beautiful as is. 
 Maybe I'll make a donation to her favorite charity. 
 Just come over tonight and listen to '80s power ballads. 
 That is charity enough. 
 I like '80s power ballads. 
 (both laugh) 
 (growls) 
 (grunts) 
 I'll give you some privacy. 
 I'll see you at the park dedication? 
 Catherine : Yeah. 
 (low growl) 
 Vincent? 
 Vincent? 
 Vincent? 
 ♪ Beauty and the Beast 1x20 ♪ 
 Anniversary 
Original Air Date on May 2, 2013 
 Hey. 
 Sorry I'm late. 
 It hasn't even started yet. 
 It's just, I was at the graveyard with Vincent. 
 Oh, right, it's the day. 
 No, I'm fine. 
 But he had to hang back because Gabe was there. 
 What? 
 It turns out he knew my mom. 
 But when Gabe left, Vincent was gone. 
 Wait, wait, I'm still on Gabe knew your mother. 
 I have been calling and texting, and no one's been answering. 
 I don't know what happened. 
 Maybe his cell died. 
 And he just left me there? 
 You're spiraling 'cause it's the day. 
 Look, you know, Gabe led the task force that hunted Vincent. 
 He probably just took off 'cause he didn't want Gabe to see him. 
 Right, you're right. 
 (phone rings) 
 Hello? 
 Hey. 
 Heather. 
 Heather : Yeah. 
 Worst day ever. 
 I'm here alone, wallowing in Mom's scrubs. 
 I'm gonna come and wallow with you soon. 
 Um, and I'm gonna bring someone. 
 I hope that's all right. 
 A guy? 
 No. Gabriel Lowan, the ADA. 
 Sounds like a guy to me. 
 He was a patient of Mom's. 
 No way. 
 And he has a lot of stories about her, so... 
 Oh, a shared past. 
 All right, well, I'll order another pizza. 
 Also, did we ever have Mom moved? 
 Moved? 
 Yeah. 
 The grave-- her headstone is cracked. 
 It is ten years old. 
 And patched. It's probably just vandals. 
 Um, I love you, and I will see you soon, okay? 
 All right. I love you. Bye. 
 What? I am just curious. 
 You're bringing a guy to a family event Vincent can't go to, and wonder why he's not talking to you? 
 Oh, my God, he probably overheard. 
 And guys are possessive. 
 Joe's trying to possess the precinct, ship me off to the 15th. 
 What?! 
 (panting) 
 So, what, you're never going to talk to her again? 
 Just trying to figure out what to say. 
 How about, "Sorry for ditching you at the cemetery because I was jealous". 
 I'm not jealous. 
 I know she's not into him. 
 No, P90X.  I  know she's not into him. 
 But you went Code Yellow when he was bonding with her while you were hidden behind the headstone. 
 Tree. 
 Whatever. 
 Point is, he can go to her intimate family shindig, and you can't. 
 Are you trying to make me feel worse? 
 Vincent, we all have animal instincts. 
 I'd be territorial, too. 
 Mm-hmm, right. 
 And I trust my instincts, and my instinct says he's up to something. 
 Okay, he chooses today of all days, the day she's most vulnerable, to tell her that he knows her mom? 
 It's-it's like he was waiting to ensnare her. 
 Ensnare? 
 We all know that he's out to get Muirfield. 
 Okay, maybe he lost all his leads, and now he needs her as bait. 
 Okay, I like a good conspiracy as much as the next guy, and you're not usually wrong about these things, but... 
 You know what? I'm not. 
 Wait. What are you doing? 
 I'm gonna go to the park and tell her. 
 Woman (over speakers) : Thank you for all coming out to the rededication of East Park. 
 I'd especially like to thank my daughter, Jill, who is actually responsible for making this day happen. 
 Jill. 
 (applause) 
 Tess (over radio) : A mother-daughter event, of all days. 
 I'm okay. 
 I'm too distracted by guilt. 
 You'll explain. You're not yourself on the anniversary. 
 It's our anniversary, too. 
 Oops. 
 I guess I'd rather "oops" than something bad happening to him. 
 You don't think something happened to him, do you? 
 You're still spiraling. 
 It's just "oops." 
 Hey. 
 I got the list. 
 I'm not on it. 
 Yeah, well, mayor's having second thoughts. 
 Look, you want details, ask her. 
 She won't return my calls. 
 Oh, big freaking surprise. 
 Look, I'm not screwing around. 
 She better support me on this. 
 You don't want to see what happens when I get angry. 
 Mayor : About a year ago, I encouraged Jill to donate some warm winter clothing to charity... 
 Cat? Baseball cap, two o'clock. 
 (Mayor continues indistinctly) 
 Vincent. 
 What are you doing here? 
 This place is surrounded by cops. 
 I needed to talk to you. 
 I'm sorry if inviting Gabe was insensitive of me. 
 Catherine, look, I don't... I don't trust the guy. 
 Okay. 
 He's not into me, he's into my mom. 
 That's not what this is about. 
 First of all, I just caught him arguing with some guy over there about a list. 
 The mayor's aide? 
 Yeah. He was threatening her. 
 That's how politicians talk to each other. 
 All right, then he's at your mother's grave, talking himself into some intimate family gathering. 
 He didn't. I invited him, because you told me to celebrate my mom. 
 He's using you. 
 For what? 
 I don't know. 
 Okay, I don't know. 
 Maybe he's trying to get more information on Muirfield. 
 All right? 
 Maybe... maybe he  is  Muirfield. 
 Based on what-- an argument with the mayor's aide? 
 I can't put my finger on it, okay, but there is something not right about him. 
 Well, if it makes you uncomfortable, I'll tell him not to come. 
 Good. 
 Why are you acting so weird? 
 (gunshot) 
 The mayor. 
 (woman screaming, people shouting) 
 Man : Where'd that come from?! 
 Jill. Jill, come on, come on. 
 Mom! My mom! 
 (engine starting) 
 (grunting) 
 (engine revving, tires squealing) 
 (tires screeching) 
 (tires screeching) 
 (tires squealing) 
 (panting) 
 (beep) 
 (line ringing) 
 Man : Hello? 
 Who is this? 
 It's ADA Lowan. Who's this? 
 (pants) 
 (crunching) 
 (panting) 
 Shot came from that rooftop, 200 yards outside the contained perimeter, so probably a professional job. 
 Which they could've started planning three days ago when the press release for the park dedication went out. 
 Good. We've got our timeline. 
 What about the guy in the hat Chandler was talking to? 
 That was a vagrant. 
 Pretty long time to chat with a vagrant. 
 Marelli, weren't you supposed to be watching the southeast corner, not who Chandler was talking to? 
 Oh, says the detective who spent the entire event walkie-talking with her BFF about God knows what. 
 Okay, no one's at fault here. 
 All right? This happened outside the contained perimeter, but from here on out, it's on us to find the person responsible, so let's focus. 
 Any word on how the mayor's doing? 
 She's still in surgery, but she's gonna pull through. 
 (sighs) 
 He totally knows. 
 What? 
 Marelli. 
 He caught Joe and I having coffee this morning. 
 I thought I covered, but... 
 (phone plays tune) 
 This whole sneaking around thing-- does it ever get any easier? 
 No. 
 Hey, what's up? 
 I got more on Gabe. 
 I'm going to disinvite him, but I need to work on this case. 
 No, I got the sniper's phone. 
 What? 
 I saw the scope on the roof, so I went after him. 
 Okay, he got away, but I got his phone so I dialed the last number it called, and it was Gabe. 
 You're kidding. 
 Yeah. 
 And the time of the call was right before the shooting. 
 Catherine, he was threatening the mayor. 
 Do you think he hired him? 
 I don't know. 
 Maybe the sniper was calling him with the go-signal. 
 Okay, look, the reason I left the cemetery is because I had a reaction to him. 
 Okay, I lost control. 
 I know you think it's jealousy. 
 Yes, he can go tonight, I can't, but you got to believe me, that's not what this is. 
 You're sensing something. 
 Look, I'm sorry I abandoned you on our anniversary. 
 And I'm sorry that I invited someone to a dinner that you can't come to... on our anniversary. 
 Should we call it even? 
 Okay. Oh, and I need that phone. 
 I need to see if there's a serial number? 
 Um, maybe not so even. 
 I, uh... I kind of lost control again when I heard his voice. 
 But, uh, I promise you, that's... that's not your present. 
 Tess : Look, I get the guy's got Spidey senses, but Gabe? 
 Okay, professionals sometimes work in pairs, right? 
 There's one guy on the ground, making sure the sniper has a clean shot. 
 Well, look at this. 
 Gabe gets the call. 
 He goes to the mayor, he angles her towards the sniper, when... 
 Cat, he's posing for a photo-op. 
 Then how do you explain his number on the shooter's phone? 
 All right, so what's the motive? 
 I don't know. 
 Maybe he wanted her job, or they were having an affair. 
 God, does being closeted always have to lead to bad things? 
 No, it can be exciting and romantic. 
 And you are not leaving me to go to the 15th. 
 Okay, I know this Gabe thing is crazy, but can we at least check his phone records and financials? 
 On an ADA? 
 How we gonna do that? 
 Wow, this guy is loaded. 
 Now  I'm  jealous. 
 He's just bringing up the accounts. 
 He's in. 
 TJ's fast. JT. 
 If he hired this guy, it would have cost upwards of ten grand. 
 Any large withdrawals? 
 Any? Uh, try every. 
 JT : Can a guy really spend two grand at a salon? 
 It might be a cover. 
 Two grand at a salon-- is that for real? 
 Tess : With Gabe? Totally. 
 So at least we know he's guilty of being a douchebag. 
 Wait, wait, wait. 
 25 grand... wired to a numbered account this morning. 
 
 
 
 Gabe :  What's going on? 
 You sounded upset on your message. 
 This have to do with those missing VHS tapes? 
 I'm glad that we got a chance to bond over my mom earlier, but I also have to do my job. 
 Someone heard you arguing with the mayor's aide at the park. 
 Okay. 
 And I followed up. 
 The mayor's office said that you asked for her endorsement as a future candidate, and she refused. 
 That's why we were arguing. 
 You got me. 
 I also know that you got a call from the sniper right before the shooting. 
 Wait. Am I a suspect? 
 Not officially, but... 
 Wow, Bishop has really got it out for me. 
 Joe doesn't know. 
 This is coming from you? 
 Well, that is the last time I show up at your mother's grave with flowers. 
 Gabe, I know how badly you want to bring down Muirfield, and mayor of New York-- that's power. 
 You seriously think I tried to have the mayor killed? 
 Look, I know this shooting must've been traumatic for you, today of all days. 
 Or maybe you're just displacing your anger towards your mother about... 
 You transferred $25,000 to an unmarked account. 
 How do you know... 
 Was that to hire a hit on the mayor? 
 A private investigator. 
 For what? 
 You know the crack in the headstone? 
 I actually noticed it a few days ago. 
 You've... you've been there before? 
 Just once. 
 Right when I found out who she was. 
 When I saw the crack... 
 Well, you know how cagey Muirfield can be. 
 Okay, so what did this P.I. find? 
 Well, I was gonna wait until after the anniversary of your mother's death before I told you, but... the cemetery paperwork says your mother's casket was exhumed two weeks after she was buried. 
 So she  was  moved. 
 Uh, reason listed is a gas leak repair, but there's no corresponding city record of any leak or of any other work being done. 
 But why? 
 Why would Muirfield do that? 
 Maybe they were looking for something. 
 Like what? 
 Catherine, did you I.D. your mom? 
 After? 
 No. 
 No, I didn't have to. 
 She was shot right in front of me. 
 And the funeral... was it, um... was it open or closed casket? 
 Wait. 
 Wait, you-you think that my mom is still alive? 
 The P.I. can't find an autopsy report. 
 No, she was shot. 
 Three times in the chest. 
 She could have worn Kevlar. 
 She was a doctor. 
 And a Muirfield agent. 
 Catherine, when your mother smuggled me out of Muirfield, she injected me with something that slowed my heart rate down, made it undetectable. 
 She got me out by faking my death. 
 Oh, my God. 
 She risked her life. 
 Okay, if she would do that for me, then imagine what she would do to protect her own daughters. 
 The casket was closed. 
 JT : Here it is, your celestial candle. 
 Ooh. 
 Thanks. 
 It's the one you saw online, no? 
 That's it. 
 It's just hard to get excited about a candle when... the ADA can wine and dine her like Donald Trump. 
 It's covered in meteorite dust, which-- you're right-- is nearly stardust. 
 She's gonna love it. 
 Besides, Gabe won't be wining and dining anyone (door closes) when he's behind bars. 
 Vincent : Hey. You okay? 
 Your heart's racing. 
 Maybe she's excited to see you. 
 Happy anniversary. 
 So, did you find anything out about him? 
 Um, you know how you let everyone from your past who you love think you're dead to protect them from Muirfield? 
 Yeah. What's that got to do with Gabe? 
 That $25,000 withdrawal? 
 It wasn't for a sniper. 
 It was for a P.I. to investigate. 
 There's, um, this crack on my mom's headstone that's been patched. 
 Wait, he paid someone to investigate your mom's headstone? 
 Okay, see, this is what I'm talking about. 
 Okay, but it turns out that she might not be in there. 
 The P.I., he can't find an autopsy report. 
 Wait, what? 
 Vincent, there might be a world, this world, where my mom has done the same thing you've done. 
 Okay, now he's got you thinking that your mom might actually still be alive. 
 It was a closed casket. 
 I was there, remember? 
 I heard her heart stop. 
 But what if she injected herself with something that made it seem that way? 
 It slowed her heart rate. 
 It's possible, right? 
 Okay, yes, it's possible... 
 And you weren't focused on her that night-- you were focused on saving me. 
 I know... 
 I know that it's crazy, but I want to exhume her casket. 
 No. 
 Vincent, I need to know if she's in there. 
 She's not. 
 I know she died that night. 
 She's not in the grave. 
 How do you know? 
 I can... I can just tell. 
 What? 
 You can... you can sense it? 
 I realized the first night you took me to her grave. 
 That was months ago. 
 This entire time? 
 Just this morning, you said, "Let's go say hi to her," and you knew she wasn't in there? 
 I didn't want to open up a whole can of worms for you. 
 Okay, you start looking into this, you're gonna end up in the crosshairs of Muirfield once again. 
 Okay, you don't get to make that decision for me. 
 Catherine, my brothers' bodies were never recovered, okay? 
 But I still go to their graves because it gives me a place to remember them. 
 It doesn't matter where the body is. 
 It matters to me. 
 My mother could still be alive. 
 She's not. 
 All right, I'm sorry, okay? 
 But I have no idea what Gabe's agenda is, and... you know, maybe he's just trying to stop you or distract you from figuring out that he's trying to kill the mayor. 
 Vincent. 
 I don't want you seeing him anymore! 
 What? 
 What, you forbid me? 
 What's going on with you? 
 You're like a different person. 
 No, I'm just doing what I usually do, which is trying to protect you. 
 All right, you just spent the last decade feeling guilty, trying to figure out what actually happened to your mother. 
 Now you're finally moving forward, and he's pulling you straight back. 
 Well, at least he hasn't been lying to me. 
 And you can't forbid me to see anyone. 
 (pants) 
 Gabe :  She had this drawer  full of lollipops, but they didn't have sticks-- they had strings. 
 Yeah. Oh, my God. 
 I remember those. 
 She thought the sticks were dangerous. 
 A kid might fall and impale the roof of their mouth on one. 
 Sticks on lollipops are dangerous. 
 I hope you don't mind me asking, why were you seeing her? 
 No, not at all. I, uh, had a rare form of anemia. 
 Oh, my God. 
 So, Dad, Gabe and I, we went by Mom's grave this morning. 
 Together? 
 Oh, we ran into each other. 
 There's a crack in her headstone. 
 Wait, you're still on that? 
 Actually, I looked into it. 
 Turns out that Mom was dug up. 
 What? 
 I wouldn't say "dug up." 
 She was moved, temporarily. 
 They had to fix some burst pipes. 
 It was years ago. 
 Did you have to sign a release? 
 I'm sure I did. 
 Can we see it? 
 Why would you want to? 
 Uh, my suggestion. 
 I thought, you know, if we can find out who's responsible, I can try to get them to replace the damaged headstone. 
 All right, well, I can see if I still have it. 
 Great. 
 Okay, so then we can move on from headstones and maybe focus on when Mom was still alive. 
 I would love to focus on that. 
 Yeah, she looks beautiful there. 
 I mainly saw her in a lab coat. 
 She loved that dress. 
 I want that dress. 
 Was she buried in it? 
 Catherine, can I talk to you? 
 Excuse us. 
 What is going on? 
 Why didn't you tell me you exhumed her body? 
 I didn't think it was important. 
 It's amazing how everyone else decides what's important for me to know. 
 Everyone? Who's everyone? 
 You, Mom. 
 What else aren't you telling me, Dad? 
 Look, I-I'm trying. 
 Y-You got to help me out. 
 Just tell me what this is really about. 
 I'm sor... I'm-I'm sorry. 
 I'm sorry. 
 You guys... you guys should enjoy pizza and listen to power ballads, but I can't do it. 
 I can't do it. 
 And I'm not mad at you; I'm mad at Mom. 
 Why? What did she do? 
 I think she could have faked her death. 
 You... 
 You know she did crazy things: she lied to us about her work, she didn't tell us about her research. 
 I don't even know if she likes pizza. 
 You really think your mom would let ten years pass without seeing her eldest daughter? 
 Considering how little I actually knew her... yeah, Dad, I do. 
 Okay. How can I put this to rest? 
 That form you signed, I want to see it. 
 If there's a return address then... the person who exhumed her might know if she's in there, could answer some questions for me. 
 You sure you want to go through with this? 
 Yes. 
 Looks abandoned. 
 Looks like another one of my mother's lies. 
 Let's go. 
 So no one lives here? 
 Seems that way. 
 There's no water or power bills. 
 Owned by an anonymous trust. 
 Might be a Muirfield safe house. 
 Looks like the set of a slasher film. 
 It could still be active. 
 Stay close. 
 You know what? I think we should let someone know we're here before we start breaking and entering. 
 You're not gonna get any bars here. 
 There's no cell tower for miles. 
 (thud, door creaks open) 
 This is our only lead. 
 You want to find out what happened to your mom or not? 
 Okay, check your e-mail. 
 So, what, now you're my superior? 
 Is this so I'll go to the 15th? 
 All right, I'm not flirting with you right now. 
 I.T. just decoded the sniper's flash drive and sent it to you. 
 Flash drive? 
 Yeah, see? This is why you shouldn't be transferring me to another precinct. 
 And I said that's your choice. 
 Okay. Witness found the sniper's phone. 
 You got prints? 
 No, it was totally destroyed. 
 A car must've run over it, but I.T. tracked the serial number to the store where he bought it, which was right next to a highway motel where we found... 
 Sniper's target profile. 
 The mayor wasn't the target. 
 (phone ringing) 
 Hello? 
 Hey, is Cat with you? 
 No, she's not at work? 
 No, look, she said she was following up on some lead about her mom. 
 You know anything about that? 
 Uh, yeah, I do. 
 Look, I know you're peeved that she took Gabe to that celestial bash, but you need to put your ego aside. 
 It-it's not my ego. 
 Because our shooter is actually trying to kill Gabe, and I'm worried that she's with him. 
 Wait, what? 
 Gabe is the target? 
 Yeah, it's payback for, um, building a RICO case against the Bustamonté family. 
 I can smell No, but he was just... 
 Was standing next to the mayor, the shooter just missed. 
 He took the sniper's phone call. 
 Because most people stop moving when they take a phone call. 
 Makes for an easier target. 
 The problem is, Gabe is still in his scope. 
 God. 
 But did you double-check the cellar? 
 And every other room in the house. 
 Well, there's got to be something there. 
 Photographs, files... 
 Gabe, I know how to clear a house. 
 I am the detective. 
 (distant metallic clicking) 
 Shh. 
 (gunshots) 
 It's Muirfield. 
 You're unarmed. 
 Stay here. 
 (creaking) 
 (gunshot) 
 (growling) 
 (gunshots) 
 (Vincent growls) 
 (growling) 
 (gunshots) 
 (man grunts) 
 (low snarling) 
 You think he's Muirfield? 
 He's not Muirfield, he's a hit man. 
 Okay, Gabe was the target, and he's innocent. 
 Well, yet again, somehow, you were able to save me. 
 Just like ten years ago. 
 (laughs) 
 Let's just not make it an annual thing, huh? 
 I'm sorry. 
 (sighs) 
 I hate to say it, but, uh, Gabe is here, so you should probably go. 
 Catherine : What is that? 
 Someone's buried down there. 
 It's a calla lily. 
 It's her. 
 I'm so sorry. 
 Me, too. 
 I never should've doubted you. 
 (indistinct chatter) 
 So, Vincent comes to the rescue, and you get the credit? 
 This time, yeah. 
 And I wouldn't exactly call it credit. 
 I have to explain a broken neck and a hole in the floor. 
 What about DNA? 
 Self-defense, they won't check. 
 Wow, your relationship makes mine seem like a piece of cake. 
 Thank you for calling him. 
 Where would you be if I was at the 15th? 
 Dead. 
 Nice work, Vargas. 
 Thanks. 
 Lot easier to break a case when you're doing the boss, huh? 
 It was coffee. 
 I'll drive the ADA home. 
 Okay. Good night. 
 I want to show you something. 
 Here she is. 
 Why here? 
 In the middle of nowhere? 
 And who went to all the trouble to move her? 
 I don't know. 
 So, what are you gonna do? 
 You can't just leave her here. 
 If Muirfield cared enough to move her out here, and I move her back... it's just gonna put my family on their radar. 
 It's not worth the risk. 
 Besides, there's a cracked headstone I've been going to for a decade. 
 So, you don't want to know what happened to her? 
 No, of course I do. 
 But with every answer, there's all these questions. 
 It's kind of hard hearing new stories. 
 Makes you feel like you weren't as special as you thought. 
 You were. 
 She talked about you all the time. 
 I know you were Rosa Parks in your second grade play, that you broke your arm on a Slip 'n Slide, that you hated to practice violin. 
 So much. 
 She thought you hung the moon. 
 You were great. 
 We should celebrate. 
 I don't feel like celebrating. 
 I don't want a transfer. 
 I just got my partnership back with Cat, and like you said, we're doing pretty well. 
 But you're right, it makes me look bad if we go public, and it's not good for you either. 
 (sighs) 
 So? 
 So we just need to be more careful. 
 Like, I shouldn't even be in here right now. 
 You're right. 
 You know what, forget the 15th. 
 Besides, the spot's been taken. 
 I, uh, I believe Detective Marelli will be very happy there. 
 Marelli? 
 Mm. 
 Did you... 
 Oh, I did. 
 You know, you can't transfer everyone who knows about us. 
 Oh, that's why I bought you a coffeemaker. 
 Don't come near me. 
 What? 
 The blinds are open. 
 (door opens) 
 (sighs) 
 Oh, my God. 
 Well, I, uh... 
 I had to make up for the fact that the first present I got you, um... 
 I kind of broke it. 
 It was, um, it was supposed to be a celestial candle. 
 So you made me a celestial sky. 
 Yeah. 
 Happy anniversary. 
 ("Promise" by Ben Howard starts to play) 
 ♪ Meet ♪ 
♪ Me there ♪ 
♪ Bundles of flowers ♪ 
♪ We'll wade through the hours of cold... ♪ 
 You are the best boyfriend ever. 
 And clearly I should know by now to trust your instincts. 
 Actually, not always. 
 So, it was a good thing that I thought my mother was alive for 12 hours? 
 No, but... 
 My instinct is always gonna be to protect you. 
 But sometimes, that's not fair to you. 
 I should've told you about your mom. 
 I get why you didn't. 
 No, you need to pursue answers. 
 And even if that means you need to hang out with the ADA, I shouldn't keep you from doing that. 
 I'll just be here for you when you realize the error of your ways. 
 (laughs) 
 ♪ Who am I, who am I ♪ 
 You know, if it makes you feel any better, I think I was a little jealous of Gabe, too. 
 I was always my mom's person. 
 You know, whenever it was, "Who's gonna go to the market with Mom?", it was me. 
 If there was ever a family debate, we were always on the same side. 
 And then, Gabe shows up with his... stories of his time with her. 
 Maybe that's why I went a little Code Yellow at her party. 
 You went Code Yellow? 
 You're not the only one with a temper. 
 (chuckles) 
 But I'm not jealous of him anymore. 
 And you shouldn't be, either. 
 I mean, look at this. 
 Yeah. 
 Well, I wanted to wine and dine you. 
 You know, there's still something about that guy, though. 
 Okay, shut up. 
 Just let me kiss you. 
 (line ringing) 
 Hey, it's me. 
 Bad news is, Vanessa's dead. 
 Good news is, I found him. 
 But we got to get to him quick. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 