Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x21 - Date Night - Beauty and the Beast 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x21 - Date Night https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=321&t=18803 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/11/13 15:33 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x21 - Date Night 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Catherine : From the moment we met... 
 Vincent :  We knew our lives would never be the same. 
 He saved my life. 
 And she saved mine. 
 We're destined. 
 But we know it won't be easy. 
 Even though we have  every reason to stay apart. 
 Vincent :  We'll risk it all to be together. 
 I am so in love with you. 
 Previously on  Beauty & the Beast... 
 So you were some kind of guinea pig? 
 Continually being harvested  for blood and tissue. 
 I have been hunting Muirfield My doctor, when I was a kid, I called her Vanessa. My mom was your doctor? (gunshot, people screaming) Our shooter is actually trying to kill Gabe, and I'm worried that she's with him. Gabe is the target? Tess :  It's payback for building a RICO case against the Bustamonté family. Good news is I found him, but we got to get to him quick. ♪ It's a good thing you and I have been working out because we have a rooftop pool and Jacuzzi in our future. I spoke to Joe, and tomorrow we're all rotating security detail at the Ashcroft Hotel. Cool. Don't you want to know who we're securing? Okay, well, who's got a hit on them by a major drug family who'd insist on being put up in a five-star hotel instead of a safe house? Gabriel Lowan. What are you playing on that thing? Just looking at my calendar. Well, speaking of calendars, Joe's making the assignments, and since I do have a little bit of pull, we're guaranteed a good shift. After which, we can slip away. Security can use the pool? Well, when you have an access card and look like us, you can. Tess, I'm-I'm ten days late. Oh. Don't "oh" like that. We haven't been partners for a while, so maybe-maybe we're off schedule. Sorry, it's just my head went to  Breaking Dawn Part 2. Okay, this isn't funny. What would I do? You're probably not. It's probably just stress. I mean, you're harboring a half-human boyfriend. That's stressful. Right, stress. Vincent : I thought we were careful. Catherine : We were, and it's probably negative, but we will know in three minutes. So should we talk about the weather? Oh, I have this security detail at this fancy hotel tomorrow. Catherine, this can't happen. My DNA, passing that on... We don't know anything for sure right now. It's just, even if it was genetically okay, I'm-I'm supposed to be dead. You know, forget coaching Little League, I'm a hunted man; the child would be hunted, too. (phone ringing) It's just my... it's my phone. It's a call, it's a phone call, um, from Gabe. He probably wants to talk about security detail. You know, if you were in this position with him... Seriously? Right now? Vincent, I have told you, you have zero reason to be jealous of him. All right, just take the call. Gabe. Hey, is everything okay? (beeping) Uh, no, it's just the... timer on my phone. Yeah, I will be there early, and I will, uh, I just got to go. It's negative. Okay. Okay. I'm sorry, okay? I'm sorry if I just flipped out. It's okay. It's not like I want to have a baby right now, either. "Right now"? You know what I mean. Are you sure because you know that we can't ever have a baby ever. Vincent, you and I can't even go to a restaurant together. Of course there is no baby. No house, no marriage. There are a lot of people in this country who can't get married either, and I'm not the kind of person who needs a white picket fence and a big rock on my finger to be happy. Yeah, I guess a date night would be nice once in a while. But we've got, uh, rooftops and DVDs. I don't know. You know, maybe that's my problem with Gabe. You know, someone like that could give you all of those things, and with me, you know, this... I don't know, what I'm saying is that this is our present, and this is our future. As long as you are in it, I'm good. Tess :  I wish the Bustamontés were trying to kill me. This place is insane. Even the elevator is amazing. (sighs) I can't wait for our shift to be over, get to the pool, have a mai tai. This is New York, not Hawaii. Okay, PMS, (elevator bell dings) but I'm ordering you one, too. You know, now that we know you're not... Hi. Hi. Hi. You ready to go to the pool? Girl : I want to go now. Okay. (bell dings) Bye. Say bye. Have fun. Bye. (doors close) What was that? Well, I was being friendly. My poolside fantasy was being threatened, and you were salivating. I was not salivating. Okay, it's just... When you realize you're never going to have something, you kind of look. (bell dings) But I'm fine. You know, it's not like I didn't know what I was getting into. No, no, see, don't do that girl thing where you just say you're fine 'cause you feel like you agreed to some terms. Terms can change. Tess, this isn't like you and Joe, where you can just agree to keep your relationship hidden because you work for him. For Vincent and me, there's no changing precincts. Okay, fine, but you know, you still have a right to speak up and say what you want, even if that's doling out water wings. It's not. Good. So you can hang out with me in the adults-only area drinking a mai tai. Detectives, come in. It's over-the-top, but it's the most secured hotel suite in Manhattan. I hear you have your own, uh, elevator, concierge? Yeah, but I could use a good cup of coffee. Vargas, there is a great espresso bar down in the lobby. Would you mind going and getting me some? You want me to get you coffee? Well, for all of us. On me. It's just that when I said I needed you to come early, I just meant Chandler. There's something important I need to talk to you about. As long as you're buying, I'm fine walking around, pretending to be a guest here. (door opens) (door closes) So what's so important? First, a list of witnesses from Bustamonté-related drug cases. I thought you could go back, interview some. Okay. But the reason I called you here is I wanted to ask you about that guy you were with, the one who helped you kill the sniper. I was alone. Really? You want to do this? Because I can go back and run prints, or better, DNA. Okay. Um, that was my boyfriend. I know what he is. Look, I'm not gonna expose him. I just want to meet him. I'm sorry, I told you, I don't... Catherine, after everything I shared with you about Muirfield and what they did to me, now you're gonna lie to my face? I'm not. I saw what he did to that sniper at the barn. I told you, I don't know what you're talking about. Yes, you do. ♪ Beauty and the Beast 1x21 ♪ Date Night 
Original Air Date on May 9, 2013 Gabe, okay, just calm down. I need to talk to him. A gun? Gabe, please stop. You're shaking, too. I'm just... I'm just surprised. Of course you are. I'm not gonna hurt you, but putting the gun down might, you know, help keep the heat down. This is what Muirfield did to you? Those procedures you told me about when my mom was your doctor? Yes. But you were four. You've been like this since? How do you function? I have medication. Medication? It stops my DNA from expressing itself. Where do you get something like that? Your mom. And later, as I got older, I learned to synthesize a version for myself, but it hasn't been working as well. I seem to have developed a bit of a resistance, clearly. This is why I need to speak to your boyfriend. I think he can help me. I don't think my boyfriend can... He can. For so long, I thought I was the only one and that Muirfield had gotten rid of all the others, but then I got wind of homicides coming out of your precinct with cross-species DNA. So I got hold of some samples, and I studied them. Look, his DNA has properties that mine doesn't. Okay, if we could just swap samples. Gabe. I know I spearheaded the task force, and you have no reason to trust me, but I was just trying to find him. His DNA may be able to help me wean off of these meds. I want to help you, I do. But you're still protecting him. I get it. But I may be able to help him, too. I got you a ten-dollar caffe con panna to try. Gabe has corrupted DNA. Excuse me? Yeah. He's stable right now, but his eyes are yellow, and, uh... What, is Gabe like Vincent? What is this, the zombie apocalypse? The only person that can go in there is Tyler, his girlfriend. She's bringing his meds to make him normal, and until then, you can't bring him any coffee. Vincent :  I'm in here. I know it's not a luxury movie cinema yet, but we have a full supply of Red Vines. Yeah, I'm fine with whatever. What's going on? Okay, this is gonna sound crazy, but I know why you've been feeling weird around Gabe. He finally made a move on you. No, Vincent, um, those procedures that Muirfield did on him, they changed his DNA, just like they did with you. Wait, how do you know this? He told you? No, I saw it. I-I saw him change. What are you talking about? His eyes, they turned yellow, his veins... It all makes sense why my mom was his doctor, why he hates Muirfield. It makes sense? The guy's an ADA. Courtroom's a pretty high-pressure situation. He would have mauled a defendant by now. Except he has medication. Vincent, he takes pills to keep him under control. Maybe they would work on you. Wait, I'm sorry, medication? I know, and I don't know how it works or what it does, but he goes to work every day, and he's fine. And he wants to meet you, and you could ask him about it. You told him about me? No, of course I didn't. He figured it out. What, that I'm the vigilante, that we're connected? He is not looking to bring you in. He's thinks that you can help him. Maybe you can help each other. How? Okay, he's studied your DNA. Apparently, you each have properties that might be beneficial. Catherine, this is the guy that spearheaded the task force to hunt me down, okay? It's a trap. For all we know, they could be yellow contact lenses. I know what I saw. I'm suspicious, too, but every day on that task force, it was Gabe who kept insisting on bringing you in alive. How sweet of him. It isn't sweet at all. His-His medication isn't working as well as it used to. So much for magic pills, huh? You should at least talk to him. What, at a public hotel? In a suite with a private elevator, no cameras, Tess is guarding the door. Vincent, from the first time we talked, you said that you were trying to find something to keep you from... Okay, but what about Muirfield? There'd be less risk of exposing yourself to them. Maybe we could actually go to a movie or a hotel pool, and we wouldn't need to worry about something setting you off. You know, I thought that you said that you were okay with... all of this. Vincent, I am, but aren't you curious? This is the guy that you held up to be someone who could give me more, and it turns out that he's... exactly like you. So you want to go to a movie theater? Don't you? Private elevator and garage? It's a presidential suite made for presidents. And Gabe, apparently. Tyler, where the hell are you? You know, it'd be kinda fun to stay in a place like this someday. I did tell you they have a rooftop pool? Yes. (laughs) (glass shatters, distant gunshots) What? Gunshots. I didn't hear... (automatic gunfire) That  I heard. (gunfire continues, growling) Gabe? Gabe?! (wind whistling) Oh, my God. Where's Gabe? He's not here. How'd he get out of here? The only way out is that way. So wait, he's all creatured out, on the loose on the streets of Manhattan? Catherine : I think so. Security's gonna be here any minute. What are we gonna tell them? Tess : What  are  we gonna tell them? Well, this guy shot at Gabe, and Gabe fought him off. He'll say that there was another attacker. And the roar the entire hotel must've heard? What, he had the volume up on Animal Planet? That's actually a good idea. They're coming. Okay, see if you can find him before he hurts anyone else. Okay. I just wanted to go swimming today. Secure it. Secure it. Stand down. The suspects are G.O.A. Really? Where's the ADA? (phone rings, Tess scoffs) It's Joe. It's Vargas. I just got a call from the hotel. What the hell is going on over there? Uh, yeah, we had a bit of a situation, but everybody seems to be okay. Just tell me Lowan is okay. Um... That's not telling me he's okay. Joe, it's Chandler. Lowan's been kidnapped. What?! You guys were on him! He wanted privacy, so... Did Vargas drag you up to the pool? No. Did he just ask...? Good new is, we have the body of one of the attackers. Give me that. Joe, I wasn't at the pool, okay? I don't really care. Roll prints on our dead guy, find me some connection to the Bustamontés, since that's probably who's got him, and until we know more, you make sure this stays in-house. (phone buzzes) Is that his phone? It's Gabe's girlfriend. She might know where he went. Tyler, it's Detective Chandler. What's going on? They're saying I can't come up. Is Gabe okay? Look, I know that you were out to get his meds. Does that mean that you are aware of what they're for? Oh, my God, is that what happened up there? Did anybody see him? He escaped before anyone got here. I'm the only one who knows. Do you have any idea where he is? No, he's never been out in the world in this state before. His medication hasn't been working that well and... He told me, but he must've come down by now. Once he's in this state, there is no coming down. There isn't? Not without his meds. Okay, do you have them on you? Yeah. Okay, don't move. I'll be right there. Okay, quit worrying about meeting Sara's parents. We got a bigger problem on our hands. Like there's someone else in the world now with corrupted DNA. Oh, God, she  is  pregnant? No, Gabe. Gabe got her pregnant? Gabe is the one with corrupted DNA. Where's the tranq gun? I'm sorry, what? Apparently Muirfield did experiments on him when he was a child. He's a "suit." How does he even function? He claims he's got pills. Pills? What kind of pills? JT, I don't know, okay? I just found out about it myself. We spent ten years, what did we miss? All I know is that he is at-large in New York City. You know, Muirfield gave it to him when he was a kid. That's, like, 20 years earlier than when you got it. It must've been a different cocktail. He's like a First Gen. Yeah, First Gen. Great, now where's the tranq? Uh, in the box with the kitchen stuff. Oh, my God, I can't go to dinner with Sara's parents. It's not even safe. It was the Bustamontés. They're the ones who just shot at Gabe. He's probably stalking them right now. Catherine :  It's one of Bustamonté's friends from Gabe's files. You getting anything? Rubber, gasoline, vinegar. That's what they use to break down heroin. It's a drug gang, $25 million in transactions a year. Speaking of, I got Gabe's meds from his girlfriend. She said he needs, like, ten of them, but there's more than that. So maybe we can give one to JT to analyze. Actually, JT just pointed out that Gabe's, like, First Gen and I'm... Okay, it's like a, an old smart phone versus a new one; they don't even use the same plug. Well, it's worth a shot. Catherine, I thought you were fine with the way things are now. Why are you being so negative about this? I'm not. I just... I don't want you to get your hopes up, okay? I'm fine if this doesn't work. Really? Because the minute you found out about Gabe, you're off your post, you're dragging me to some high-security hotel. I thought that you would want to know about it. Or maybe it's because you want the things that I can't give you, and you thought this would be the answer. Vincent, I keep telling you I don't need a picket fence. But I do need a guy who's going to at least  try  to have a future. Something's up there. Gabe? I don't know, but it's not human. Okay. You go that way, I'll go around the other side. (low snarling) (dog barking) (low growl) (dog whimpers) Who the hell are you? Hey, I was just, uh, I was looking for someone. Okay, trust me, man, you want to let me go. (low growl) (man grunts) This some kind of retaliation? No, but there might be some coming your way. Sounds like a threat. Just a warning. (Catherine grunts) (Vincent growls) (both grunting) Someone else back there? There was. 
 
 (phone buzzes) Tess just found another address in Gabe's files. It was written on hotel stationery, so he probably just wrote it down today. It's your place. What? How does he know where I live? Wait. Tracking device. He must've planted it this morning. Of course, coming to my precinct, the task force. Gabe's primal drive isn't to go after the Bustamontés. It's to go after you. (coughing) Um, I'm just, I'm not feeling great, and I don't want... I don't want to get you and your parents sick. (coughs, phone beeping) Um, hold on. I got a call waiting. (coughing) Hey. Vincent : Hey, you at home? You gotta get out of there right now. Gabe is after me, and he probably doesn't look like an ADA right now. Oh, God. Uh, okay. Um, okay. Sara? Oh, that's right, he took it. (coughing) Nothing, um... I just can't find the... (thud, low growl, footsteps) I gotta call you back. (distant clatter) (echoing footsteps on stairs) (doorknob rattling) (loud growl) I'm not the one you're looking for. My DNA's real boring. How about we just relax, talk this out? (growls) (growls) Easy fella. (growls) (grunts) (growls) (two tranq shots) Vincent, it's not working. I know. (low growling) New rule: No one takes the tranq gun unless we have a spare. You okay? Yeah. I just think until about a minute ago, I... I was still telling myself it's contact lenses. (phone ringing) Tess : Vargas. Okay, don't react, because he's not exactly in a state to come back to the precinct yet, but we found Gabe. Oh, thank God. Sorry, not reacting, it's just... Joe's been giving me crap all day, like this is my fault. What were you supposed to do, guard the 47th story window? Well, he's just stressed out and taking it out on me 'cause he thinks he can. But you know what? He can't. I won't say anything about finding Gabe. Let him sweat it out. Okay. I'll call you later. Tess : All right. You're going to save some of that to analyze, right? He and Gabe are different generations. Yes, I understand the whole phone analogy, but in the end, they're both phones, so... DNA is not a fancy gadget made in China. I know that you guys worked on a cure for years, but now there's someone else with corrupted DNA, too. You don't know what it was like back then. I gave him stuff to just "explore" that nearly killed him. Okay, so what if we just run the labs first? Why can't you just be fine with the way things are now? I am. But I really don't think that he should have to believe that this is his only future. I don't understand why you're not jumping at this. This is what you guys have been working for, for ten years. He spent every hour of every day searching for a cure. He failed, over and over, till he was so filled with self-loathing you wouldn't have recognized him. And I gave him hell for quitting, but looking back, it was the right thing for him. He finally grieved his normal self, got to a place of acceptance. Do you really want to unravel that? How you guys doing in here? 'Cause I think he's waking up. What happens if he wakes up and it doesn't work? Look. It works. On him. Gabe, it's Catherine. This is JT. I'm the one you almost had for a snack. And that is... Vincent. He's the one you're looking for. I, um... I hope I didn't, um... do anything. Uh, you did. I'm sorry about that. I'm not aware when I'm like that. You're not conscious when you're...? No. Vincent : You were conscious when you put that tracking device on Catherine. I was just desperate to find you. If you're looking for stronger meds, he doesn't have any. I'm looking for help. Don't know how we can help you with that, because it seems you've got everything under control. You got meds to function... you don't really have to hide from Muirfield. You think you got the short end of the stick? You walk around like yourself most of the time, right? Without any meds? If I didn't take mine... Well, you saw. I'd be out of control all the time. Catherine : And you said they're not working as well anymore, right? I'm developing a resistance, and fast. Unless something changes... Be a pretty scary ADA. I will end my life before it gets to that. Okay, so how do I fit into this? You said Vincent's DNA has different properties than yours. You want my DNA? Just a blood sample. The cocktail that Muirfield gave your unit has something in it that stabilizes your DNA. I want to see if I can separate that out, get it to replicate in my own cells. Then he wouldn't need the medication. Look, I don't know what stabilizers you think I've got, but I can't control it when it happens. Which is why I live here in hiding, why I just killed someone trying to look for you, and why... why this is my future. Well, from where I stand, I'd choose your future over mine. Look, I don't know if it'll work, but I am happy to give you some of my meds to try. Consider it a fair trade? Vincent, can I talk to you for a second? Yeah. What I said before, about needing someone who's going to try... you've already tried for ten years. So you don't have to do this for me. I'm fine. Okay, look, I appreciate you saying this... I'm not just saying it. You heard him. The stuff they put in him, it's different. You guys, you're different. In a lot of ways. It might not work. I don't know, it could make you worse. Is this what you've been talking to JT about? It isn't worth the risk. Are you trying to manage my emotional roller coaster? A little. Okay. Look, after what we just saw, there's no going back, okay? The car's already going up the tracks. But if it doesn't work, and I've unraveled you... It doesn't matter. This time, I got you in my life. ♪ 
♪ Bite chunks out of me ♪ 
♪ You're a shark and I'm swimming ♪ 
♪ My heart still thumps as I bleed ♪ 
♪ And all your friends... Well, I know I get a metallic taste in my mouth. Do you have a metallic taste in your mouth? Yeah, I do. Well, that's a sign that it's in your system at sufficient levels. Oh, about that chop shop... Oh, my God, I meant to tell you about that. You've been a little busy. I figured you were there looking for me, which is why I told Joe that's where the kidnappers took me. And that your altercation with Chewy Bustamonté gave me the distraction I needed to escape. Okay, that guy's name is Chewy? (laughs) Hey, ask him about the body. Oh, I took care of that, too. Some other guy jumped me, I had to defend myself. He took the fall for us. Well, it's the least I could do. Thanks. Okay, this is so weird. It's... you guys can hear each other and you're not even on speakerphone. Vincent : Hey, Gabe, how long does the pill last for? Well, I know for me, uh, with my resistance, it lasts four hours, tops. In your case, you may get as many as 12. Who knows, but that's where I started. Still plenty of time to have a decent night out. Now I gotta go talk to the press, tell them how I plan to put away the Bustamontés. He's not bad for a suit. And so begins a very unique bromance. Okay, enough. So, what do you want to do? We've got 12 hours until I turn back into a pumpkin. I was thinking maybe we could have that date night we've been talking about? Movie? I have something better in mind. ♪ There's a lot of people. Not really. You still have that metallic taste? Yeah. It's not like Muirfield's gonna be at a hotel pool, so we're good. We're just a normal couple going for a swim. Catherine, I can't swim. I'm kidding. Well, I could go and buy you some water wings in the gift shop. I kind of think we spent enough at the gift shop, don't you? (exhales) (laughing) You know, I haven't been in a pool for over a decade. this will be the first of many date nights. We can go to a restaurant, a baseball game... I have tomorrow off. We could have Red Vines in an actual movie theater. Interesting. You go with Red Vines, and... I'm going along more with the thought of, uh... a picket fence. Are you teasing me? No. I'm not, I want it. I want us to be in a relationship that's moving forward to something. I do. And I just, I couldn't admit it before because it wasn't even a possibility. I want it, too. Ah, so you  were  lying. (laughing): I wasn't lying. I just didn't know that's what I wanted. I've never wanted to have a future with someone before I found you. And all it takes is a luxury pool, and she's in. (laughing): Yes, I am completely materialistic and shallow, and I just want you as my Sugar Daddy. Oh, hold up, I might have to get a job first. Right, sorry. I should probably take things a little more slowly. You know what? I don't want to take things slowly. Vincent, like you said, this doesn't solve everything. There's still Muirfield... And you're a cop, you could put us into witness protection. (sighs) It doesn't matter. Right now, all that matters is that we are here. It is a pretty sweet pool. It's not just the pool. I mean, I'm out. (laughs) You know, I don't have to worry about being provoked by something or someone or... if I'm in control. I can relax. And I can be with you. Man : Excuse me, Ms. Chandler? Um, we have an access card. There's a call on the house phone for you. How's the water? Heated? Salt? Hey, JT, what's going on? You know how chemo can get rid of cancer cells, but also make you insanely sick? Well, these pills are like that times 1,000 for Vincent. He keeps taking them, they'll kill him in... two, three years, tops. But Gabe's been taking them since he was a kid. And like I warned you, Gabe's a different generation. It affects him differently. Okay. Can you not talk to me like I'm five? Sorry, Sara just yelled at me for bailing on dinner. And I'm disappointed, too. I know. You know what-- you've had to break the bad news to him enough times. This one's on me-- I'll do it. Is everything okay? Yeah, but he said they work, right? Vincent, it's not worth it. What, come on, three good years of us doing stuff like this? That's more of a future than we had this morning. No, it isn't. Yes... I want those things, but not without you. I'm just, I'm so sorry that I pushed you and took you up the roller coaster. I'm fine. Don't say "fine." That's what I say when I'm not fine. Yeah, I noticed. Okay, what if I just take them once a week, or a month. Uh, special occasions. I'm really gonna enjoy a special occasion knowing that you've taken something that is killing you. Vincent, you have to swear to me that you're not gonna take another pill. Okay. No, swear. (quiet laugh) I swear, okay? Okay. Now, I probably got five good hours left. So can we just enjoy it? Yeah. (laughs) I don't really want to go swimming anymore but we can go to my place. My sister's out for the night. Perfect. ♪ What is this pulling ♪ 
♪ Tugging at my ♪ 
♪ Limbs so heavy ♪ 
♪ Dragging me down ♪ 
♪ Again ♪ 
♪ I just want to ♪ 
♪ Feel the sunlight ♪ 
♪ Warm and soothing ♪ 
♪ On my naked skin ♪ 
♪ So I'm hoping ♪ 
♪ This cold blue water ♪ 
♪ Scrubs me clean ♪ 
♪ Oh, my one, swear I'm trying ♪ 
♪ What good would it do lying ♪ 
♪ Oh, my one, swear I'm trying ♪ 
♪ What good would it do lying ♪ 
♪ Saw something in the shadows ♪ 
♪ Tricked me into the shallows ♪ 
♪ Saw something ♪ 
♪ In the shadows ♪ 
♪ Tricked me into ♪ 
♪ The shallows. Vincent? (grunts) Not so fun, is it, huh? (grunting) (groaning) Let him go. You didn't... It's been over 12 hours. Yeah. I just wanted to go to the movies with you. (sirens wails in the distance) You should leave. And considering you took another pill, you should probably take the stairs. Okay. I'm about to meet with someone. Okay, well, that can wait five minutes. Look, I get that you can't give me special treatment 'cause we're supposed to be, you know, "in the closet," but I'm not fine with you taking out your stress on me. You shouldn't be. Just because we're sleeping together. I mean, what, is that just your way of trying to prove to everyone there's nothing going on here? Yes. Or, you know, maybe now that we're involved, you just don't respect me anymore as a cop. Tess, I said yes. You don't respect me anymore? I'm trying... to make sure that every time I look at you, everyone in this whole damn precinct can't see all over my face that I am madly... wildly in love with you. I love you. (knock on door) Lieutenant? Special Agent Reynolds, FBI. Can I have a minute? Fine. And don't ever do that again. Okay? Okay. Transfer order for the Bustamonté assassin. The guy with the window pane in his gut. What's the FBI want with him? It's a connected case. Confidential. Haven't seen you guys in a while. When was that? Those three vics in the subway? Rings a bell. Have a good day, Lieutenant. (door closes) I have to finish making my statement, so apologize fast. I'm sorry. Very funny. Yeah, well, at least the pill didn't take away my sense of humor. (laughs) Look, Cat, the reason I took it is because I really do want a future with you. A normal future with you. And I want a future with you, too. But I don't care if it's normal, I just care that you're in it. Vincent, I love you the way you are, and I don't need you to be cured. I just need you to not give up. Because I do see a future for us that's not just in your hideout. And I know that you're afraid of the roller coaster... No, it's not just that. Okay, I was worried, if... I tried a cure, and it didn't work out, you would think that I might be like this forever. You know, that-that future you want wouldn't be possible and... I don't know, you might leave. I'm not going anywhere. I am in the car with you for all the... ups and downs and loop-de-loops. "Loop-de-loops"? Oh, okay, well, (laughing) in that case I will keep trying. And if it doesn't work out... it's okay. But at least we can fantasize. Fantasize? That's what was so fun about the pool. We... it wasn't the setting, it was getting to think about our future. And we don't need a pill or a magnetic access card to do that. Well, in that case, I can fantasize about our eight cross-species children right here in the alley. Okay. Three-- let's just say three. And a dog. Okay, a small dog because those big dogs, they don't really like me. Okay, three and a small dog. But if you take another pill, I'm taking the kids and the dog. ♪ You're my guiding light ♪ 
♪ You're my guiding light. ♪ (people speaking indistinctly nearby) Hi, handsome. Hey. We celebrating or drowning our sorrows? We're splitting the difference. I ran the test on Vincent's blood. It'll work. I'll drink to that. (glasses clang) Just one minor detail. What you need from him... he won't survive. Whatever it takes. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 