Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x22 - Never Turn Back - Beauty and the Beast 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x22 - Never Turn Back https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=321&t=18804 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/18/13 19:45 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x22 - Never Turn Back 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Catherine :  From the moment we met... 
 Vincent :  We knew our lives would never be the same. 
 Catherine :  He saved my life. 
 Vincent :  And she saved mine. 
 Catherine :  We're destined. 
 Vincent :  But we know it won't be easy. 
 Even though we have  every reason to stay apart. 
 Vincent :  We'll risk it all to be together. 
 I am so in love with you. 
 Previously on 
 Beauty & the Beast... 
 I found him. 
 But we got to get to him quick. 
 You walk around like yourself most of the time, right? 
 Without any meds? 
 If I didn't take mine,  I'd be out of control all the time. 
 Vincent :  You want my DNA? 
 Gabe :  Just a blood sample. 
 Catherine :  Then he wouldn't need the medication. 
 Gabe :  I am happy to give you some of my meds to try. 
 JT : He keeps taking them, they'll kill him, two, three years tops. 
 Come on. Three good years of us doing stuff like this. 
 That's more of a future than we had this morning. 
 No, it isn't. 
 I ran a test on Vincent's blood. 
 It'll work. 
 Just one minor detail. 
 What you need from him, he won't survive. 
 Whatever it takes. 
 ♪ Girl, I say, if only life would lean our way ♪ 
 (children playing nearby) 
 ♪ Well, you and me... 
 The latte is amazing. 
 Yeah. 
 (chuckles) 
 And a drive out of the city is always welcome, and who can resist rosy-cheeked kids with cowboy hats? 
 (laughs) 
 But what are we doing out here? 
 Well, you always say how much you wish we could go on a normal date. 
 With the med's still wearing off, there's no chance of me going aggro just yet, so... you know, what better than normal Milltown, New York, population 4,900 maybe? 
 (laughs) 
 ♪ I heard your heart say, "Love, love, love" ♪ 
 Okay. (laughs) 
 ♪ I heard your heart say, "Love, love, love" ♪ 
♪ I heard your heart say, "Love, love, love" ♪ 
 (bell above door jingles) 
 Wow, I know we're going for normal, but is that stuff even edible? 
 There's only one way to find out. 
 Uh, just one, please. 
 Thank you. 
 (laughs) 
 Mmm. 
 Hmm? 
 Mm-hmm! 
 ♪ I heard your heart say, "Love, love, love" ♪ 
 (chuckles) 
 ♪ I heard your heart say, "Love, love, love" ♪ 
♪ I heard your heart say, "Love, love, love." ♪ 
 I'm sorry this couldn't last longer. 
 We both knew that taking one little pill to suppress your grittier side was too good to be true. 
 Yeah, one little pill that has one nasty, fatal side effect if I keep taking them. 
 I know you can't and I would never want you to be hurt, but... 
 But it's nice to dream for a few hours. 
 You're not gonna believe this. 
 Kafka would be impressed. 
 Why? What is unbelievable, JT? 
 The medicine, it's attacking the zoo side of your DNA. 
 Still? 
 That's not possible. 
 I mean, Gabe has to take one of those pills every four hours or it wears off. 
 And have they with you? 
 Well, no, but... 
 Exactly. 
 You may both be Frankenhumans, but you're not from the same crop of experiments. 
 Gabe was the first guinea pig. 
 They made a lot of progress since then. 
 Maybe the pill works better on you because you, my friend, are in a full-swing biological metamorphosis. 
 For the right generation of the genetically altered, Muirfield created that pill as a one-stop block of all animal DNA. 
 Okay, wait. What are you saying? 
 If this battle of the animal senses keeps up for another few days... you could be cured. 
 So, this is it. 
 Vincent shows up tonight... 
 You sure you can go through with it? 
 Taking his life? 
 To save your own. 
 Seems like the only option now. 
 You can't take those meds anymore. 
 I mean, your bones, your muscles, brain tissue, they're degenerating at too rapid of a rate. 
 And you're sure this is the only way? 
 Yeah. 
 Look, Vincent's feral state, it can be dormant without medication. 
 Yours can't. 
 We need enough thymus platelets in order to override your tampered DNA. 
 He's your only hope for getting off those lethal pills and stopping you from transforming 24-7. 
 I still need to pick up a few things. 
 You can drop me at the office. 
 I'll wrap some things up and let people know I'll be gone for a few days. 
 You know, it shouldn't be this hard. 
 All I ever wanted was a normal life. 
 And I assume that life includes me? 
 (inhales sharply) 
 (moans) 
 You know, I kind of like when your animal side comes out. 
 You're not gonna like it in about four hours when my darker side shows up. 
 No. But you'll be a good match for Vincent then. 
 CATHERINE 
 Is it really true? 
 What JT found, is this actually happening? 
 Okay, I don't want to get my hopes up just yet, but yeah. 
 I can't believe it. 
 Okay, after you called, I got something to celebrate. 
 And I wanted to see what you thought. 
 Well, I hate to break it to you, but I'm over 21. 
 I don't need fake IDs. 
 (chuckles) 
 No, you need a fake life. 
 Okay, there were always two things standing in our way: your uncontrollable side-- which is no longer a problem-- and Muirfield. 
 You would just... leave everything? 
 I found a town like the one yesterday. 
 It's about two hours outside of Denver. 
 It's small, but there are jobs. 
 (chuckles) 
 And, uh, and good schools, just in case. 
 Muirfield would never find us. 
 Wow. 
 Wow, I never knew you wanted this. 
 I didn't know I wanted it either. 
 I really never saw myself settling down. 
 But I've been thinking about a lot of things that I didn't before I met you. 
 But I couldn't see a future until today, until you were... 
 Normal. 
 So, you would just give this all up? 
 What? 
 Sewers and burner phones and... 
 JT and Tess and... 
 Vincent, I'm sorry. 
 There are gonna be sacrifices no matter what we do. 
 But JT is... he's building a life with Sara. 
 Yeah. 
 And honestly, Tess is better off if she doesn't have to lie to the person she loves every day. 
 You're right. 
 We can finally look at a life ahead of us instead of constantly looking over our shoulders. 
 (phone ringing) 
 Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. 
 Hey, Dad. 
 Catherine, I need to meet you. 
 Yeah, we can go for coffee tomorrow or... 
 No. I need to see you now, alone. 
 Dad! 
 (vehicle accelerating) 
 (thud, crowd gasps) 
 (tires squealing) 
 Dad! 
 (no sound) 
 (people chattering excitedly) 
 Someone call an ambulance! 
 (excited chattering) 
 (distant siren wailing) 
 ♪ Beauty and the Beast 1x22 ♪ 
 Never Turn Back 
Original Air Date on May 16, 2013 
 (woman speaks indistinctly over P.A.) 
 That should do it. 
 We don't anticipate your father needing any surgery at this point but if there are any complications, it's just best to have a blood relative donate. 
 Thanks. 
 I saw Dr. Bell in the hallway. 
 She says Dad's doing great. 
 He doesn't look so great to me. 
 He's gonna be fine, Cat. 
 (sighs) 
 Just a few broken ribs and some internal bruising, but he's gonna be fine. 
 Another foot or two into that crosswalk, with that car gunning for him, he never would have made it. 
 Gunning for him? 
 Cat, it was an accident. 
 I'm not so sure. 
 Car came out of nowhere, breezed right through that light. 
 God, does everything have to be a conspiracy with you? 
 Can you please just sit here and wait with him? 
 Being a detective does not mean that you have to try and find a criminal everywhere you look, Cat. 
 Can you please for once just be a daughter, all right? 
 Be a sister and just wait with us? 
 I have to do this, Heather. 
 How is he? 
 He's okay, I guess. 
 You really didn't need to come. 
 I know, but I wanted to. 
 No, I mean maybe you shouldn't have. 
 I think Muirfield did this. 
 That car veered right at my dad. 
 Why would they go after him? 
 I'm not sure. 
 But he said that he had something he needed to show me and he seemed rattled. 
 I've got a security detail on him and I'm gonna bring his stuff to our I.T. guys, see if they can get it fired up again. 
 Okay, well, I guess if your mom worked for them, they might've kept tabs on your dad, but... 
 Hopefully it's nothing, okay? 
 Let me help you-- 
 I will go back to the scene. 
 I will see if I pick anything up. 
 There's not much you can do. 
 Anymore. 
 I didn't mean... 
 No, it's okay. 
 I guess it's just a bit of a readjustment for the both of us, huh? 
 I will, uh, just lay low. 
 (phone rings) 
 Yeah, what is it? 
 JT : Little twist-- not a good one. 
 I'm at Gabe's loft. 
 (laughs) Since when did you start playing cloak and dagger with Gabe? 
 Sorry, but protecting you is my job. 
 More than ever now that your Spidey sense is on mute. 
 Yeah, all right, thanks, JT. 
 No biggie, but Tyler seemed like she was hiding something. 
 And she was-- they don't just want a pint of blood. 
 They want to harvest your lymphatic system-- spleen, thymus, bone marrow. 
 So Gabe lied. 
 They're gonna kill you. 
 I'll destroy everything here. 
 But I'd suggest you RSVP as a regret to their little... dissection party. 
 Cat, what are you doing here? 
 How's your dad? 
 He's got a few broken bones, banged up pretty badly, but he should pull through. 
 I was hoping someone from I.T. would be here. 
 I need to get my dad's pad and phone opened. 
 See if there's some clue as to why someone would want to run him over. 
 Want to run him over? 
 He said it was important I talked to him. 
 He seemed pretty shaken. 
 Okay, but there are 750 car accidents every day in this city-- it's more likely... 
 No, there has to be something in his things that he wanted to show me something important enough that they had to stop him. 
 Cat, come on, stop. 
 Look, I will track down a techno nerd and see if there's anything on here. 
 But all this running around, I-I get the sense there's something else going on. 
 (crying): I can't just sit there. 
 Every time I look at him, I see... (swallows) my mother lying in that parking lot, bleeding to death. 
 (laughs) You know, it's getting harder to remember the last time in my life anything felt normal. 
 I'm sorry. 
 And, look, I'm not trying to be a bitch, but you have to get past it. 
 You have to go to that hospital, you have to sit next to his bed and be there for your sister. 
 They need you. 
 And, look, I-I promise if I find anything on here, I'll call you immediately, okay? 
 (quietly): Okay. 
 Thanks, Tess. 
 (sighs) 
 (low, gasping breath) 
 (phone ringing) 
 Is he there already? 
 He's not coming. 
 Gabe, they tossed your place. 
 Everything is destroyed. 
 Security camera showed that JT Forbes did it, so I don't think Vincent has any interest in dying tonight. 
 (sighs) 
 My variable centrifuge is a giant heap of parts. 
 Go find another one. 
 Why? How are you gonna get him here? 
 Every man has a weakness, and I know what Vincent's is. 
 (Catherine gasps) 
 You and I are gonna take a little drive in the country. 
 I just need it on. 
 Well, I, uh... sort of deduced that even without a badge. 
 Okay. 
 You don't even remotely comprehend what's behind this little piece of glass, do you? 
 Absolutely not. 
 That's what they pay you for, but apparently only one of us can actually do their job, so... 
 Hold on, just-just give me a second. 
 Okay? Um... hmm. 
 Okay, let's see this, uh... 
 Oh, hmm. 
 (beeps) 
 Yup, okay, here we go. 
 Look at that. 
 Two of us doing our job. 
 Oh! 
 You owe me dinner. 
 Not finding any retrievable information. 
 Whoever beat us here, they wiped everything. 
 You sure Lowan didn't do this? 
 I doubt it. 
 We may not have known Lowan was still alive, but... someone did. 
 Killed all his research. 
 Well... let's find out who it was. 
 And bring in Lowan. 
 I did not come all this way to let him slip through my fingers again. 
 I've been here before. 
 As a child. 
 Your mom brought you one day to play when she came to check on me. 
 I was wondering if you'd remember. 
 Is this really how you want to repay her for rescuing you from those labs? 
 Vincent was willing to give you his blood. 
 Sadly that's not enough and Vincent figured it out. 
 I didn't realize until yesterday just how comprehensive the procedure would be. 
 You're gonna kill him. 
 He's not a beast anymore. 
 He took your pills. 
 They had a different effect on him than you. 
 He doesn't need to take another one. 
 I know what you're trying to do, Catherine. 
 And you won't stop me from moving forward because Vincent looks normal. 
 Everything they've done to him is still in his system. 
 He's still in transition. 
 I imagine the sacrifice hasn't been easy for him though, has it? 
 What, being back to normal? 
 Tyler used to say that-- "normal." 
 Which only reminded me how much I'm not. 
 We all want the same thing, Catherine-- to fit in, to find love. 
 As incredible as it feels to taste that power, strength to do things men can only dream of doing, anyone would sacrifice that for a chance at simple human happiness. 
 He won't come. 
 You know he will. 
 He loves you. 
 He would give up his life to save you. 
 
 
 
 Where is he? 
 I'll have him here soon. 
 Soon was an hour ago. 
 The longer you're progressed, the harder it's gonna be to manage your sedation levels. 
 Just have everything ready. 
 You're running out of time, Lowan. 
 I won't call him. 
 Yeah, you will. 
 I have your phone. 
 Cat? Cat? 
 (phone rings) 
 Hey, where have you been? 
 We've been trying to warn... 
 Gabe : Too late-- I'd tell you to calm down, but I hear your anger issues aren't a problem anymore. 
 What have you done with her? 
 She's here. 
 She's fine. 
 You hold up your end of the agreement and nothing will happen to her. 
 Look, I don't believe you, okay? 
 I want to see her-- put her on. 
 Catherine : Vincent, I'm fine. 
 Don't come-- he's gonna kill you... 
 Yeah... Cat! 
 6268 Rochester Court. 
 You're not here within the hour, you won't see Catherine again. 
 I'm sorry, Catherine. 
 I know what it's like to be locked in here. 
 (lock clicks) 
 (growls) 
 Tyler :  I found the centrifuge replacement  for the one that Keller and his whiz kid destroyed. 
 So we're back on track? 
 Assuming you get to Keller in time. 
 I'll handle Keller. 
 What's your ETA? 
 I'm sending the lab assistant over to you with the new equipment. 
 I'll be there within the hour, all right? 
 (muffled shouts) 
 Whoa, she's got a gun! 
 (gunshots) 
 (car engine accelerates) 
 Take it, take it. 
 Whiz kid, huh? 
 How did you know to destroy the centrifuge? 
 Imagine that. 
 Beautiful mysterious woman, deadly politician beastman... call it a wild hunch. 
 Well, you know what? 
 It doesn't matter. 
 Because if you don't show, he's going to kill your girlfriend. 
 Thanks for volunteering to be our bargaining chip. 
 Okay, change of plan. 
 I'm not playing games, Vincent. 
 Neither am I. 
 Here, take a look at this. 
 Catherine for Tyler. 
 Maybe you got more time than you think. 
 Why don't we just work together and find another way? 
 You're a terrible liar, Vincent. 
 You're not gonna forgive me for taking the woman you love. 
 Just as I'm not gonna forgive you. 
 Just tell me where we trade. 
 And what are you gonna do if I refuse? 
 I'll kill her. 
 Go ahead. 
 Kill her. 
 (phone beeps off) 
 (phone beeps off) 
 Betrayal's a bitch, isn't it? 
 You think he'd go through with it? 
 With Catherine? 
 I guess we do what we have to in order to save ourselves. 
 That's a yes. 
 There's only one way out of this. 
 What, you're gonna just walk right in there? 
 So, suicide-- that's how this all ends? 
 From what Tyler said, he'll... he'll be completely off his meds. 
 Full beast. 
 JT, before any of this happened, I was a soldier first. 
 I know what I'm doing. 
 Bravery isn't going to do it if you want to save Catherine. 
 Promise me you won't hurt him. 
 I won't kill him. 
 Why, what do you know? 
 You both know that Vincent's transition isn't complete. 
 So in this window of metamorphosis, there's one thing that can stop the change, even reverse it. 
 Your own immune system. 
 I'm an idiot. 
 Any vaccine, flu or tetanus, anything that causes your immune system to go into overdrive... 
 It'll boost your own body in order to fight off everything, including the cure. 
 So if I reverse this, went back to the way I was... it would be for good? 
 You yourself said how things feel numb as a mere mortal. 
 That you'd finally found what gave you purpose: using your beasty-boy for good. 
 And I gave it all up to have a peaceful, normal life with Catherine. 
 And I would do it again. 
 Vincent, we're talking about Catherine's life. 
 What if your beastly strength is the only way to save her? 
 I can do it the way I am. 
 I can't go back. 
 (metallic rattling, lock clicks) 
 I thought you might be hungry. 
 I doubt it'll surprise you that I don't really have much of an appetite. 
 You have to know... if there was any other way for me to stay alive... 
 You'd do the same thing I'm doing. 
 I guess when you've had a difficult childhood, things take on their own perspective. 
 So what happened? 
 After my mom saved you and left you here? 
 Were they a good family? 
 They tried to be. 
 But it was terrifying. 
 I was maybe nine, ten. 
 I may have looked like a monster to them, but I was just a boy. 
 And it was dark. 
 And I was scared. 
 And now? 
 Where are they? 
 I was at a party one night, wanting to feel normal for once, and I lost track of time and I skipped my meds. 
 And when I got home, I had already turned, and my mom tried to stop me, and without meaning to, I shoved her. 
 She landed at the bottom of the staircase. 
 My father died not long after. 
 Maybe from a broken heart... 
 (sniffs) 
 ...maybe he just needed an escape from me. 
 Their love had to brave some pretty extraordinary situations. 
 It's not easy loving someone like me. 
 (exhales) 
 (lock clicks) 
 (dishes shattering) 
 Gabe : No. 
 No, not yet! 
 Gabe! 
 Gabe (deep voice) : It's for your own protection. 
 You really think it's too difficult to recreate a cure? 
 Less difficult with me. 
 (distant honking) 
 (distant siren wailing) 
 So tell me, JT, what was your first big breakthrough? 
 Irregularities in glycolysis. 
 Nice. 
 You know, I never landed on respiration. 
 I was always focused on eukaryotic cell structures, so I never was looking at behaviors. 
 Oh, it took months, because Vincent's samples actually didn't display that many differences. 
 Then I started to notice an altered pattern in the ETC, and... bam! 
 (laughing): Nice. 
 Feels good, right? 
 Whenever you have one of those "eureka" moments. 
 You're the one who figured out this pill-slash-cure. 
 Truth? 
 I just took a synthesized version of the pills that Gabe had been taking since he was a child and I altered them according to some research I stole from Muirfield. 
 Ooh... 
 (laughs) 
 Sometimes you wonder how you ended up in all this, right? 
 I used to think running for Science Club President was a challenge. 
 (laughs) 
 So how does this work? 
 Am I deprived of all food and water? 
 Oh, uh, selection's not great. 
 We've got beer and... 
 Sorry. 
 Survival of the fittest. 
 You understand. 
 You... 
 Please. 
 No. 
 (gunshots) 
 (bird hooting) 
 (grunts) 
 (thuds) 
 (Gabe growling) 
 JT : Little help? 
 (metallic scraping) 
 Really? 
 Vengeful siren of deceit. 
 I knew something was up when Cat never showed at the hospital, but... 
 Gabe took Cat. 
 Vincent went after her and we tried using Tyler as a trade. 
 Then what, Girl Friday got the jump on you? 
 She spoke geek and lured you onto the rocks with her polysyllabic phrases? 
 You're funnier when I'm not dehydrated and annoyed at your gender. 
 Can you just get these off? 
 Whoa, wait! 
 Don't you even check the trajectory for ricochets or something first? 
 Geez. 
 I'm going to take that as a thank you. 
 Where'd she go? 
 Back to Gabe's, I imagine. 
 But it's bad. 
 Gabe's gotta be full-throttle mono-brow by now, and Vincent's... lost his edge. 
 All right, great. 
 And we may have another problem. 
 (woman speaks indistinctly over P.A.) 
 Bell : Oh. 
 Looks like the swelling has started to subside. 
 We'll be able to pull him out of the induced coma soon. 
 But the left leg is more than fractured, it's shattered. 
 Your father's going to need surgery and we need a family blood donor. 
 Oh, my sister's already given some blood. 
 Unfortunately, Catherine's blood contained no common identifiers with your father. 
 Okay? 
 Uh, Ms. Chandler, all children's blood should contain some common identifier with the birth parent. 
 It's customary to confirm any irregularities in our test with a DNA test. 
 I'm not quite following. 
 There's no easy way to say this. 
 There was no match between Catherine and your father. 
 (woman speaks indistinctly over P.A.) 
 (rattling) 
 (Gabe growling) 
 (thudding) 
 (grunts) 
 (grunting) 
 (grunts) 
 (Gabe snarling) 
 (grunts) 
 (Gabe growling) 
 (loud banging) 
 Vincent : Catherine? 
 Stand back! 
 Stand back! 
 Picked the wrong day to be going back to being normal. 
 (growling) 
 (snarling) 
 Where are they? 
 I didn't see them. 
 I wish I had my strength back. 
 Vincent, be honest, did you take those pills because you thought I wanted a more normal future or because you did? 
 I thought we both did. 
 Isn't that why you got those fake IDs? 
 That was your idea, remember? 
 Because you said you never really saw a future for us until I was normal. 
 (men shouting nearby) 
 Well, maybe I wasn't looking... for any future. 
 But I can see it now. 
 Beast or no beast. 
 It really doesn't matter to you? 
 (scoffs) 
 I should have listened to JT and turned back. 
 Turned back? 
 Apparently I'm still in a transitional stage. 
 If I get a vaccine, any vaccine, it'll increase my antibodies, it'll fight off the medicine, and I will turn back. 
 Run! 
 (growls) 
 (growls) 
 (grunts, panting) 
 (snarling) 
 (grunts) 
 (gasping, grunting) 
 (Gabe snarls, Vincent grunts) 
 (gun cocks) 
 Where's your medicine cabinet? 
 I need a vaccine. 
 (growls) 
 Okay. 
 (snarls) 
 Vincent! 
 I can't let you die for me. 
 (growls) 
 (Gabe snarls, Vincent grunts) 
 (grunts) 
 (snarling) 
 (low snarling) 
 (growls) 
 (growling) 
 (growling) 
 (helicopter blades whirring) 
 (gunshots) 
 (low snarling) 
 (snarls) 
 (grunts) 
 ♪ 
 You want him alive? 
 For now. 
 Let's take him in. 
 ♪ It's a terrible love that I'm walking with spiders ♪ 
♪ It's a terrible love that I'm walking in ♪ 
 (grunting) 
 ♪ It's a terrible love that I'm walking with spiders ♪ 
 Vincent! 
 ♪ It's a terrible love that I'm walking in ♪ 
♪ Its quiet company ♪ 
♪ Its quiet company ♪ 
♪ Its quiet company ♪ 
 Don't shoot! 
 ♪ And I ♪ 
 She's my daughter. 
 ♪ Can't fall asleep ♪ 
♪ Without a little help ♪ 
♪ It takes an ocean not to break ♪ 
♪ Company... ♪ 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 