Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x02 - Kidnapped - Beauty and the Beast 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x02 - Kidnapped https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=321&t=18806 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/16/13 18:17 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x02 - Kidnapped 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on 
 Beauty & the Beast... 
 Catherine, you know, all those years that I was watching  over you, all I ever wanted was to meet you. 
 Vincent, you're not a monster. 
 You saved my life. 
 Vincent! 
 Don't shoot. 
 She's my daughter. 
 Maybe it's time we shut Muirfield down. 
 Shut Muirfield down? 
 I  am  Muirfield. 
 We got to get Vincent to go after him again. 
 Otherwise, Zhao's gonna slither away for good. 
 I never stopped looking for you. 
 Who are you? 
 JT :  He didn't even recognize you, Cat. 
 Catherine, I know I haven't earned your trust back yet, but the only way I can truly make amends is to keep trying. 
 We don't need your help. 
 (phone rings) 
 Hello. 
 Cat, it's Tess. Where's Vincent? 
 I think you better get down here. 
 Gabe : We've identified the victim as Li Zhao, 40 years old, apparently here in Manhattan on business. 
 Our department doesn't have any leads at this time, and we welcome the public to call in with any tips. 
 It is terrifying how a good liar Gabe is. 
 At least he's not saying who did it. 
 Maybe Vincent didn't do it. 
 Maybe... 
 Maybe a pack of rabid dogs tore apart the head of Muirfield 20 minutes after Vincent snuck out of your apartment while you were blissfully sleeping? 
 I just thought that I had him back. 
 Now the entire city is looking for him, and I have no way to reach him; It's not like I have a phone number or an e-mail. 
 Welcome to the black hole of New York City dating. 
 I'm serious. What if the wrong person approaches him and he loses control, and he could end up being a caged lab rat. 
 All right, the truth is, no one but Gabe knows who they're looking for. 
 Yeah, and God knows what he wants to do with him. 
 Well, what do you want to do with him? 
 I just, I want to spend time with him, help him get his memory back, remind him who he is. 
 You ladies planning on coming to work today, or...? 
 Nice press conference. 
 I can handle the media, but I can't man every city surveillance camera by myself in the hopes of finding... 
 My boyfriend? 
 We need to work together, pull in JT, do whatever it takes to find Vincent before he hurts anyone else. 
 You make it sound like he's some out-of-control killer. 
 This was revenge, plain and simple. 
 Muirfield had Vincent for three months. 
 They changed him. 
 He is clearly more dangerous than before. 
 Look at the brutality of this mauling. 
 And he did it with a different M.O. 
 What? 
 It's just, Vincent used to only attack when it was to intervene or save someone. 
 This looks premeditated. 
 Gabe : This could be just the beginning. 
 We need to hold and assess him until we know more. 
 In like, what, a cage or a cell? 
 I'm not looking to prosecute this crime. 
 I told you, I took this job to protect Vincent, that also means protecting him from himself. 
 And maybe it is not the best idea for you to be alone with him right now. 
 Wait, you know where he is? 
 No. 
 No, she was just saying that if she could spend time with him, she would like to do that. 
 I saw him last night. 
 We connected. 
 And then he went and killed someone. 
 The Darth Vader of Muirfield! 
 I just need a little time alone with him to undo what Muirfield did. 
 No way. 
 He is too dangerous. 
 Vincent would never hurt me. 
 Cat, you said yourself, he doesn't remember you. 
 We need to find Vincent before Gabe and Tess do. 
 Bring out your laptop. 
 Can we first take a moment to celebrate the small victories? 
 After ten years of living in constant fear of extermination... 
 Yay! 
 Muirfield's gone. 
 Okay, can you pull up the security cameras you hacked into? 
 Start with the ones around Central Park and 75th, the crime scene. 
 Whenever we're trying to catch a perp, we retrace their steps for clues. 
 "Perp"? Is that what Gabe's calling him? 
 He says that he's going to "hold and assess him." 
 What's that mean? 
 Who knows? Cart him off to the  New York Times? 
 Last time Gabe was with Vincent, he tried to kill him. 
 What Vincent needs is to get his memory back, but it seems like you and I listing off a bunch of facts didn't jog anything, so I was thinking maybe if he actually experienced something that he used to do, it would trigger... 
 Did you just take one of those? 
 Didn't you two just take on Muirfield together? 
 That's something he used to experience, and nothing. 
 Yeah, but maybe that didn't work because it taps into the super soldier side of him, not the human side. 
 I was thinking something more personal, romantic. 
 You want to take him on a date. 
 It's sort of like seducing an ex. You know, reminding them why they fell in love with you in the first place. 
 Except in this case, reminding him who he used to be. 
 Totally, undo three months of billion-dollar black-ops programming with a nice dinner. 
 Let me pull up Open Table. 
 I'm not talking about going to a restaurant. 
 We never went to restaurants. 
 I'm talking about something that we used to do. 
 You're gonna have s*x with him? 
 I was thinking about dinner on my roof. 
 That was our place. 
 We have a million memories there. 
 Vincent even made me a picnic there, so I was gonna get him his favorite sandwich... 
 Don't we need to find him first? 
 We will, but given the situation, I can't just invite him to my roof, and then leave him there while I go to the market. 
 Fine. 
 So, I'm gonna go retrace his steps. 
 See if he left any clues to where he might be. 
 Stick this in with the sandwiches. 
 In case he tries to bolt. 
 'Cause I can't keep looking at surveillance footage forever. 
 ♪ Time has come and some gone ♪ 
♪ Memory faded ♪ 
♪ Lines are lost, neon frost ♪ 
♪ On the sunset ♪ 
♪ All the days we had together ♪ 
♪ All the days we had together ♪ 
 (growls) 
 ♪ All the days we had together ♪ 
♪ All the days we had together. ♪ 
 Tucker :  We've lost him, sir. 
 What the hell are you talking about? 
 He's not at the safe house, and he's not set to execute his next assignment till 2100. 
 Could he be with my daughter? 
 We don't believe so. 
 Does he have all necessary documentation? 
 He does. 
 Okay, then, he's probably preparing. 
 Look, he just took care of Zhao for us. 
 There's no reason to doubt his programming now. 
 Keep me posted. 
 Got it. 
 (sighs) 
 (distant siren wailing) 
 Hey. 
 Vincent. 
 I've been looking for you everywhere. 
 I know. 
 ♪ Beauty and the Beast 2x02 ♪ 
 Kidnapped 
Original Air Date on October 14, 2012 
 So, you being here, does this mean you remember all of this? 
 I saw you come up. 
 Right, of course. 
 Um, it's not like I expected it to all come back overnight. 
 So, why have you been looking for me? 
 Well, I wanted to see you again. 
 And after you left last night, I realized I have no way to reach you. 
 You were tracking me. 
 I, I wanted to bring you up here for, um... for a picnic. 
 (chuckles) 
 I didn't expect you to just show up, so I thought that I would set it up in case I found you, hence the, uh, "tracking you." 
 So, a picnic? 
 (laughs) Yeah, I know. 
 I know it seems crazy, but it is something we used to do up here. 
 And I thought that if we did it again, it might trigger some memories. 
 Or if not, I got you your favorite sandwich. 
 I don't know if that's such a good idea. 
 What, the sandwich or the triggering memories? 
 Because everything that happened up here is good. 
 Uh, but we don't have to eat, we can just talk. 
 Or if you have somewhere better to be... 
 No, not at the moment. 
 But you do have somewhere to be? 
 And you're wearing new clothes and you're showered. 
 Did I not shower before? 
 No, no, you did. 
 Um, just, where did you shower this time? 
 I can't... 
 Okay, okay. 
 Can we talk about last night? 
 It's just, I woke up and you were gone. 
 I couldn't sleep. 
 And Zhao? 
 I knew it. 
 I get why, I get why you did it. 
 Just, I thought we agreed that there was another way. 
 So that's why you're following me. 
 No, I don't want to arrest you, I want to protect you. 
 Whatever Muirfield did to you, I want to help undo. 
 I need to go. 
 Vincent. Vincent, please don't. 
 Vincent! 
 JT : Why didn't you tranq him? 
 I didn't have it on me, I thought he was blowing me off. 
 You should never go anywhere without the tranq. 
 Can you not criticize me? 
 He just jumped off the south side of my building onto Bleeker Street. (phone beeps) 
 It's the precinct, they think you and I are working with them. 
 There's a security camera at Bright Side Laundry. 
 Start hacking there. 
 Hey, still nothing. 
 He just turned right onto MacDougal. 
 What? 
 He's getting in a cab. 
 Okay, how do you...? 
 Know he was at your apartment? 
 You said you two connected. 
 We figured he'd show up sooner or later. 
 Wait, you've been surveilling my apartment? 
 Well, not the inside, just the perimeter. 
 Tess : I left you a message explaining. 
 The cab's medallion number is 2-7-B-3. 
 2-7-B-3. Okay, hang on. 
 I've got JT on the other line. 
 Gabe and Tess have him in a cab  going West on Houston, medallion number 2-7-B-3. 
 What? How do they even...? 
 Yeah, apparently, they've been spying on me. 
 I don't think they know about the picnic, but see why I don't trust Gabe? 
 He's worse than the NSA. 
 Okay, Houston, Houston. 
 Let me see if I can get anything that will help out of the NSA before we ditch 'em. I'm back. 
 Houston and Broadway. 
 Where is he? 
 He just turned right onto Bowery, but are you sure you can follow our directions? 
 What's that supposed to mean? 
 Tess : Okay, he's on Delancey. 
 Vincent was in your building for 27 minutes, and you didn't notify us. 
 I didn't have time. 
 Maybe you shouldn't be lecturing her right now. 
 I'm just saying, we're supposed to be working together. 
 I am, I'm turning on Delancey. 
 See, working together. 
 Tess :  He's headed  to the Williamsburg Bridge. 
 We have to get to him before we lose jurisdiction. 
 On it, one sec. 
 Today's our lucky day. 
 They're about to lose jurisdiction. 
 What? How is that lucky? 
 Gabe, uh, no, it's just that we found him again. 
 Uh, but since you guys can't see him, I really need to focus. 
 I'll call you back. 
 Okay, that is not working together. 
 Told you not to lecture her. 
 Is he going to La Guardia? 
 Maybe you need to check flights. 
 I would, except now he's taking the Hazen Bridge. 
 But that-that goes to Rikers. 
 What's he doing there? 
 I don't know, but Rikers isn't an experience you guys used to experience. 
 Maybe you should call Tess for backup. 
 Right now, Tess means Gabe, and that's not the kind of backup I need. 
 And your best friend, Vincent, doesn't either. 
 (buzzer sounds) 
 Better be dinner. 
 Relax, Carlos. 
 I know you like to think this is some five-star restaurant, but even with your pull, the best we could do was two. 
 (silenced gunshot) 
 (choking) 
 Carlos? 
 I'm the doctor on call. 
 How long was he seizing? 
 Maybe ten minutes. 
 Found this in his cell. 
 I'll get that analyzed. 
 Okay, nurse, get me 25 diazepam, 70 phenobarbital, and let's get an inhibation tray set up. 
 Where is your asset? 
 You know, the one that keeps your little empire going round and round. 
 (choking) 
 How do I find him? 
 (phone rings) 
 Hey. 
 Where are you? 
 Um... 
 Look, I'm sorry if you felt like I was siding with Gabe this morning. 
 I'm just worried about you. 
 You don't need to worry about me. 
 Just tell me where you are. 
 Rikers. 
 By yourself? 
 Okay, now you sound like Gabe. 
 No, Cat, it's just the last time that you tracked Vincent by yourself, you were almost killed. 
 Hello? 
 Cat? 
 Did you hang up on me? 
 Why are you following me? 
 (muffled): I'm trying to help. 
 Cat, look, just wait for me. 
 We'll track him together. 
 It doesn't sound like help to me. 
 What are you doing? (gasps) 
 (engine starts) 
 (tires squealing) 
 (water sloshing) 
 (foghorn blows) 
 Are we on a boat? 
 Vincent? 
 (typing) 
 Vincent, I know you're there. 
 Maybe if you just took off this blindfold. 
 It's kind of scary under here. 
 You know, they're gonna track my phone. 
 They won't have any luck. 
 So it is you. 
 And of course you did something to my phone. 
 You're a smart guy. 
 Not feeling so smart right now. 
 Because of this? 
 You couldn't know I would show up or that the guards would be there. 
 You-you panicked. 
 It happens. 
 I mean about showing up on your rooftop. 
 Who are you? 
 I told you, I'm your girlfriend. 
 You got no proof, no photos. 
 Now you're stalking me. 
 You jumped off my roof. 
 I was concerned. 
 And I catch you trying to talk to someone about tracking me down. 
 My partner. 
 You killed someone in Central Park. 
 Of course the cops are gonna be looking for you, but-but I told you, I'm protecting you. 
 I get it; you were exacting revenge. 
 It's a little more complicated than that. 
 Complicated how? 
 My turn to ask the questions. 
 Does it have something to do with Rikers? 
 What did I just say? 
 I'm just trying to connect. 
 And I don't know, maybe you are, too. 
 You showed up on my roof. 
 You brought me here. 
 I just kidnapped you. 
 I don't see how that's a sign of wanting to connect. 
 You could've just killed me then and there. 
 Not that I want to give you any ideas. 
 Well, I was trying to stop you from messing things up. 
 Messing what up? 
 You don't get to ask the questions; I do. 
 If you're trying to figure out whether or not you can trust me, just think about it. 
 I've known what's been done to you, and I haven't told anyone. 
 And I know you can sense when someone's lying. 
 I don't know how it works, but maybe if you just took this blindfold off, you would see. 
 I need to look into your eyes to know that. 
 Thank you. 
 I have to work. 
 No more questions. 
 Okay, so I just got off the phone with Rikers, and they say her car isn't there. 
 So I'm just clinging to the theory that she hung up on me and she's off connecting with her amnesiac boyfriend. 
 You ever hear of Carlos Hernandez? 
 International cartel leader? 
 One of the most sought after drug kingpins until he ended up in Rikers. 
 You about blow up my theory? 
 Earlier tonight, a sniper shot some sort of seizure-inducing medication into Carlos's cell. 
 That's not a no. 
 It was Vincent in order to get Carlos to the infirmary. 
 Take a look at the on-call doctor who treated him. 
 His alias is Dr. Braunstein. 
 How'd he get this? 
 I don't know, maybe Muirfield gave it to him before they were blown up. 
 The question is why did Vincent go to all the trouble to get to Carlos? 
 No, the question is what does any of this have to do with Cat? 
 And where the hell is she? 
 (typing) 
 Looks like you've been here a while. 
 That was... 
 That was more of an observation than-than a question. 
 (heart beating loudly) 
 (gulps) 
 You taking a break? 
 Okay, that-that was a question. 
 Look, I don't have anything for motion sickness, but, uh, I got some water. 
 Oh. 
 Yeah, that's another thing about me. 
 I'm really not great with boats. 
 Here. 
 More? 
 No, thank you. 
 But, um, acupressure has worked in the past. 
 Let me guess. 
 On your wrists? 
 It doesn't really make any sense for you to keep my tied up. 
 I can't outrun you. 
 I can't overpower you. 
 And you're clearly good with pressure points. 
 That thing you did with my neck earlier... 
 Mm-hmm, so why would you trust me now? 
 Because I know you won't hurt me. 
 (sighs) 
 How's that? 
 Better. 
 I didn't mean to get angry before. 
 It's okay. 
 You thought I was being a cop. 
 Look, I don't even know why I'm gonna tell you this, but you know, if you hadn't have been looking for me, I have the strange feeling that I would have shown up eventually. 
 So maybe I did bring you here for a reason. 
 Not just because of the guards? 
 There's this pull I can't explain. 
 You know, it's like, I'm over there working, and I can hear your heart beat. 
 Must be very annoying. 
 Distracting. 
 So, what was my favorite sandwich? 
 Turkey and avocado. 
 Great sandwich. 
 Mm-hmm. (chuckles) 
 Are you hungry? 
 Yeah, I am hungry. 
 I don't know if I got turkey and avocado, but I could make you something. 
 Yeah, okay. 
 All right. 
 (computer trilling) 
 (phone buzzing) 
 Hello? 
 JT, it's Gabe. Uh, I need you to track Catherine's phone. 
 It's pinging all over the map. 
 Looks like she's in 47 places in Manhattan alone. 
 So Tess updated you? 
 Oh, yeah, filled me in on everything. 
 Um, communication's key to teamwork. 
 Well, maybe you can persuade Catherine of that. 
 Meanwhile, it seems like Vincent has scrambled her phone, which means he doesn't want us to find her. 
 (door opening) 
 Oh, wait. 
 Uh, I think she might be home. 
 Tess. 
 What are you doing here? 
 Are you at Catherine's? 
 What is the tranq doing here? 
 Okay, look, she wanted to have a picnic with him. 
 A picnic? 
 A picnic? 
 Yeah, that was their thing, and you two want to put him in a cage. 
 I want to protect my friend. 
 So do I. 
 
 
 
 Look... (sighs) 
 You want to be a good friend, JT? 
 Then work with us, because he is in trouble. 
 Maybe start by helping Tess figure out what Catherine's password is. 
 And I never said "cage." 
 What password? 
 Her car GPS. 
 The company won't give me location without it, and I can't get a warrant, 'cause no one can know she's missing. 
 Well, have you tried the name "Vincent"? 
 So I like turkey, avocado,  Jaws,  and my musical tastes were stuck in the '90s? 
 Not entirely. 
 Wait, do you remember the '90s? 
 Well, I remember facts, like Bill Clinton, flannel shirts, Nirvana. 
 I just don't have any memory of personal experiences. 
 Makes me a better soldier. 
 Soldier for what? 
 I told you, I can't. 
 But Muirfield's gone. 
 Look, why don't you tell me about our first date. 
 Well, we didn't really have an official first date. 
 We couldn't really go out anywhere, we didn't go to restaurants or movies... 
 We couldn't? 
 No. 
 Muirfield was looking for you, and you were concerned about... losing control. 
 So we didn't go anywhere? 
 Wow, I sound like an amazing boyfriend. 
 We had picnics on my roof. 
 But those took a while, too. 
 You know, you kept telling me to stay away. 
 But you didn't. 
 Now that does sound familiar. 
 (laughs) 
 Well, I think you said it 'cause you wanted to protect me. 
 I don't think you actually wanted me to stay away. 
 I'm sure I didn't. 
 Why don't you tell me about our first kiss? 
 Well, um... that happened... way before our first unofficial date. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Also on my roof. 
 Okay, see, this picnic thing is beginning to make sense now. 
 I thought if we re-experienced things, it might trigger something. 
 Anything? 
 Not yet. 
 ♪ Rust or gold ♪ 
♪ You decide ♪ 
♪ What you see and what you hold ♪ 
♪ Let it burn there in your hand ♪ 
♪ Watch it grow Now? 
 ♪ Watch it grow ♪ 
♪ Breath of life come and fill your lungs ♪ 
 You know, we did more than just kiss. 
 ♪ And give it away until it's gone ♪ 
♪ Or hold it in and let it die ♪ 
♪ Let it die, let it die. 
 If I knew that was part of your rooftop plan, I never would have jumped. 
 What? 
 I'm just wondering if... that triggered anything. 
 Maybe... if we did it again? 
 Nothing, really? 
 (sighs) 
 (phone ringing) 
 I have work to do. 
 You should probably get dressed. 
 It's just... if that doesn't bring things back, I don't know what will. 
 Vincent : Maybe it's better that way. 
 Why? 
 So you can be a better soldier? 
 Muirfield's gone. 
 Unless something else is going on. 
 Come on. 
 What, we're going somewhere? 
 Not "we." 
 Me. 
 What? 
 Are you kidding? 
 Okay, I just ask you a few questions, and we don't trigger any memories, but after what we just did? 
 I know, I just... 
 I can't have you following me, okay? 
 I don't want you to get hurt. 
 Ow. 
 You're just gonna leave me here? 
 What if I have to pee? 
 Thank you. 
 Vincent. 
 I'll be back soon. 
 Vincent, you can't just leave me here. 
 Vincent! 
 (grunts) 
 JT : Don't be mad, I only figured it out 'cause the lady at the GPS company said it began with the letter "N." 
 Nope, just surprised. 
 I mean, you're her new password, okay. 
 Me? 
 No, "Nutty Professor" is Cat's favorite smoothie. 
 I got her into them because she was so nervous about Vincent, she wasn't eating. 
 You guys find anything? 
 Not yet. 
 Look, JT, pull up that map of Catherine's cell. 
 Find the ping closest to where we are right now... 
 JT : We find her, good thinking. 
 Tess : All right. 
 I got a fast food wrapper, It's suspicious, given Cat doesn't eat fast food. 
 She eats smoothies. 
 That's mine. 
 We spent a lot of time together looking for Vincent. 
 Closest ping's at the 79th Street Boat Basin. 
 So are they on a boat? 
 Yeah. 
 Yeah, he's probably gondoliering her around the Hudson. 
 JT... you find the phone of a missing person by water, it usually means they're underneath it. 
 Tess... 
 No, this is his fault. 
 He enabled her: the picnic, the smoothies. 
 I'm telling you right now, if your deranged friend did anything to hurt Cat, it's on you. 
 Look, now is not the time to be pointing fingers. 
 Oh, well, let me guess, it's the time to be communicating? 
 You know, Cat would be communicating with me, but she thinks I'm working with you. 
 So it's your fault, too. 
 I hate this situation so much. 
 Fine, you're off the case. 
 What? 
 JT : Fine. 
 Let's go. 
 Actually, you're not going either. 
 You just said I was part of the team. 
 Look, computers-- yes, guns-- no. 
 You are both too close to this. 
 There is a reason doctors don't operate on family members. 
 You'd be trigger-happy, and you'd be trigger-shy. 
 I'm going in alone. 
 Look, I'm the one who has to earn Catherine's trust. 
 Fan-friggin'-tastic. 
 (grunting) 
 Ah... 
 (door opens) 
 NYPD! 
 Of course. 
 Vincent's not here, so how about instead of snooping around, you come down here and untie me? 
 Are you okay? 
 Mildly humiliated, but fine. 
 So get it all out. 
 "I told you so," 
 "It was stupid of you to be alone with him." 
 Are you all right? 
 I will be, once I figure out what's going on. 
 I need to see what's in his computer. 
 So this is Vincent's, huh? 
 He say who's paying for it? 
 Look, you already tried this alone, and you ended up tied to a chair on the floor, and he's MIA again, so... 
 Okay, all I know is that he was working on something. 
 It seemed important and he left in a hurry. 
 Gabe : Working, or direct-messaging? 
 Who's Gina Garolo? 
 Garolo was the name of Carlos Hernandez's rival. 
 That's who Vincent went to Rikers to see. 
 He posed as a Dr. Braunstein to get to him. 
 Maybe it had something to do with Gina. 
 She's a nursing student from Miami. 
 Yeah, who's hugging Joe-Joe Garolo, international cartel leader at a family barbecue. 
 If Carlos were to harm her, it would certainly send a message. 
 Maybe Vincent went to Rikers to get his marching orders. 
 You think that Vincent is Carlos's hired assassin now? 
 And what, he's using social media to track down his targets? 
 Muirfield weaponized people. 
 That's what that organization was about, and they didn't do it for humanitarian reasons, they did it for money. 
 A ton of money, which someone like Carlos Hernandez has. 
 Vincent did say they wiped his memory to make him a better soldier. 
 Maybe by "solider" he meant "assassin." 
 Wait, did you say that Vincent posed as a Dr. Braunstein? 
 BraunsteinMD's been messaging Gina. 
 She's having a party at a club tonight to celebrate mid-terms. 
 Gabe : "He'll see her there." 
 We have to get to her before he does. 
 (loud dance music plays) 
 (laughing, talking loudly) 
 Vincent : Gina? 
 BraunsteinMD. 
 Nice to meet you in person, doctor. 
 Oh, please, just call me Derek. 
 Derek. 
 Uh, these are my friends. 
 Hey. 
 This is Derek, the doctor. 
 Hey, do you want to go somewhere we can actually hear each other talk? 
 We'll be back. 
 Man : She was totally checking you out, man! 
 (laughing, talking indistinctly) 
 If this is such a cool underground club, then why do they know you here? 
 In my former life, I used to be cool. 
 Now I spend all my time... 
 Don't say saving me. 
 (loud dance music plays) 
 It's a perfect place to kill someone. 
 You can't hear yourself think. 
 You really aren't cool anymore. 
 We should split up. 
 ♪ With the highest highs and the lowest lows ♪ 
 Should we sit? 
 You know what? I think it's quieter out here. 
 (heartbeat pounding) 
 (heartbeat pounding) 
 Gina (echoing) : Are you okay? 
 Yeah. Uh... 
 Do you know what? 
 Could you just wait right here? 
 I'll be back in... in one second, okay? 
 Don't move. 
 ♪ Take me home... 
 Hey! What are you doing here? 
 Vincent, I know about Gina. 
 I saw your messages to her. 
 You can't do this. 
 Okay, were you this possessive before? 
 'Cause you're like a dog with a bone, okay? 
 We are not boyfriend and girlfriend. 
 You think that's what this is about? 
 I'm trying to stop you from killing her. 
 What? 
 Okay, I think you need to leave. 
 That's what you went to see Carlos about at Rikers, right? 
 I am not here to kill her. 
 I am here to protect her. 
 From what? 
 Vincent! 
 Vincent! 
 I'm flattered that you came. 
 It's really nice to finally meet you, but I was just in the middle of something. 
 Alone in a VIP room? 
 He said he was coming right back. 
 Right. 
 Gabe : Excuse me, Gina? 
 This the guy? 
 No. 
 Can I talk to you? 
 What's going on, Officer? 
 We need to get her out of her. 
 For your safety. 
 Did my friend send you here so that I'm fashionably late to my own party? 
 I'm afraid it's more than that. 
 Maybe you should listen to him. 
 This leads to the back alley. I'll take her. 
 Gina! 
 Derek! 
 Wait! What's going on? 
 Get out of my way. 
 I can't do that. 
 (yells) 
 (gasps, screams) 
 Help! 
 Vincent : Run. Go. 
 (both growl) 
 (growling, grunting) 
 (both growling) 
 (grunting, growling) 
 (punches landing) 
 (steam hissing) 
 (growling, grunting) 
 (hissing exhale) 
 (panting) 
 (panting) 
 (sharp exhale) 
 (gasps) 
 What happened? 
 There are more of them out there. 
 (music playing, people chattering) 
 Gabe said she's fine. 
 Well, I'd like to hear it from her. 
 Although I guess I should be used to being cut out of the loop these days. 
 Maybe she texted  you. 
 Tess, I'm not trying to steal your best friend. 
 I'm just looking out for mine. 
 But... I'm sorry if it seems like I... 
 Enabled? 
 Cat was very convincing about her plan... and I guess I just wanted to believe that Vincent's still the same guy I've been... living with,  protecting  for the past decade. 
 You know, I'm sorry about what's happened to him. 
 It's horrible, but I... 
 You need to look out for  your  best friend. 
 Exactly. Even if that means siding with Gabe or... not knowing her favorite smoothie. 
 You miss her. 
 I do. 
 Hey... at least she knows who you are. 
 You know... maybe I should start siding with you. 
 I'll share my antacids. 
 I have a feeling we're gonna need them. 
 Yeah. 
 ♪ 
 Catherine :  She's okay. 
 A little shaken up. 
 But thankfully, she didn't actually see anything. 
 How are you? 
 I'm a little bruised, mostly my ego. 
 No more humiliating than being found tied to a chair. 
 So we're even, then. 
 Although actually, I may be one up. 
 You remember when we were talking about how Muirfield weaponized people for money? 
 Well, I did some digging into Carlos's financials. 
 It turns out 18 months ago he paid $7 million to a subsidiary owned by Zhao. 
 Muirfield. 
 So Carlos bought... 
 Someone like Vincent. 
 That guy from the club. 
 Probably Carlos's muscle. 
 That must be how he maintained control of his empire from inside prison. 
 So Vincent went to Rikers to get Carlos to tell him where he was. 
 But Carlos only knew his target. 
 So Vincent used Gina as bait. 
 Nice work. 
 And you aren't even an official detective. 
 But, you know, this suggests that Vincent doesn't need to be in a cage. 
 He saved Gina's life. 
 He isn't some out-of-control killer. 
 He's not out of control. 
 But if Carlos bought and owned that guy from the club, then maybe somebody bought Vincent. 
 Someone may be controlling him, and that certainly doesn't mean he's not dangerous. 
 Catherine, I understand why you don't trust me, given our past, but whatever is going on with Vincent is bigger than we thought. 
 If there really are more... beasts out there, then we need to work together. 
 (siren wailing in distance) 
 ♪ 
♪ Night ♪ 
♪ Got nothing on your life ♪ 
♪ Got nothing... 
 Hi. 
 Did you have a memory? 
 No. 
 Sorry I keep asking that. 
 It's just... you used to write me notes, and a lot of them said "roof." 
 (laughs) 
 But I've realized that memory's overrated. 
 I mean, you saved someone's life-- that's... what you do, it's who you are. 
 And we get to have all of our firsts together-- who gets to do that? 
 Look, I came here to return your phone. 
 Uh... thank you. 
 And... apologize for... for tying you up. 
 I forgive you. 
 (laughs softly) 
 And I thought... maybe we  could  have that picnic. 
 I mean, not right now, but... 
 (laughs): Good, because JT ate all of it. 
 That... that was a joke. 
 Um, but he did eat all of it. 
 This is hard. 
 What is? 
 This. Um... 
 I'm-I'm not... I'm not supposed to do this. 
 Vincent, that guy who was after Gina, someone bought him from Muirfield. 
 Someone owned him. 
 Is that what's going on? 
 Excuse me? 
 You just said that you're "not supposed to." 
 Says who? 
 Who pays for that boat? 
 Who told you to go to Rikers? 
 Because Muirfield's gone. 
 I thought you understood that you can't ask certain questions. 
 And you know that you can trust me, so why are you torn? 
 Is someone controlling you? 
 No. 
 Okay, the fact that you're getting angry makes me think that I've hit a nerve. 
 No, it's because I come up here, I think we're goa a hang out, and you start interrogating me. 
 I am trying to help you. 
 I don't need your help. 
 Yes, you do! 
 They took you for three months, and now you don't remember who you are, or me, or anything else. 
 Is that what this is about? 
 'Cause guess what? 
 I  don't  remember you. 
 Okay, and I told you, that is fine for now. 
 But you need to let me in. 
 No, I don't. 
 Okay, so what, that's it? 
 You just let whoever this is win? 
 After everything we've been through? 
 We had one night. 
 (slaps Vincent's shoulder) 
 Now, that's not fair. 
 I'm not just some one-night stand. 
 I have given up so much to find you, to be with you. 
 I don't even know who you are! 
 (gasps) 
 (growls) 
 (panting) 
 (trembling breaths) 
 I don't remember you ever doing that. 
 I'm sorry. 
 (continues panting) 
 ♪ Everything is wrong ♪ 
♪ Hold on ♪ 
♪ To me... 
 (knocking) 
 Come in. 
 ♪ Hold on ♪ 
♪ To me... 
 You okay? 
 ♪ Hold on ♪ 
♪ We'll see ♪ 
 You were right. 
 ♪ Where this ♪ 
♪ Love will go... 
 He  is  too dangerous. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 