Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x04 - Basic Instinct - Beauty and the Beast 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x04 - Basic Instinct https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=321&t=18786 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 11/03/12 13:55 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x04 - Basic Instinct 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 ♪ You can't fight the feeling ♪ 
♪ And all is the same ♪ 
♪ Pouring rain on the night ♪ 
♪ Coming out of the ceiling ♪ 
♪ Falling from above ♪ 
♪ Falling in and out of love ♪ 
♪ A broken heart is still beating ♪ 
♪ In and out of time ♪ 
♪ Hold your body next to mine... ♪ 
 (music fades) 
 (grunts) 
 (panting) 
 Vincent : Hey! Blunt trauma to the head. 
 Glasgow coma score of three. 
 We need Neuro! 
 Pupil is fixed and dilated. 
 Probable intracranial bleed, you got it? 
 Got it, Doc. 
 Wait, who are you? 
 Catherine :  Nine years ago, 
 I witnessed my mother's murder. 
 I would have been killed, too,  if it hadn't been for Vincent. 
 Vincent :  I was part of an experimental special forces group. 
 Their goal was to create the perfect super soldier. 
 They made us stronger, faster, better. 
 But something went wrong. 
 They gave orders to kill us all. 
 Somehow I survived and have been in hiding ever since. Catherine :  Until a case brought me back to him. But also alerted the group that experimented on him. Now we're both in danger. Vincent : And our best chance at survival  is if we save each other. ♪ Evan : Strike two! Joe : Come on, Chandler. Eyes on the ball. Evan's better than you. He's only ever played cricket. Don't listen to him, Cat. Just focus. What? I am better than her. Joe : All right, all right. Come on, give her something to hit! Here we go. Eye on the ball, elbow up. Eye on the ball, elbow up. Strike three! Could you tone it down with the enthusiasm? It is just a practice. Joe : Tess, can you please take Chandler to right field so she can't do any more damage? Why did I say yes to this? 'Cause they need two girls. And we can't lose to the FDNY for the fifth year in a row. Joe : Ladies, a little hustle, please. This is not a nail salon. Listen, you have really good hand-eye coordination. You can hit a bull's-eye. You just have to stop thinking. I can't help it-- there's just too much to remember. It's like s*x. There's nothing to remember, you just do it. Yeah, at this point, I'd have to think to remember. (groans) Sad. (grunts) I got it! I got it. I'll get it. Did you choke up on the bat? Vincent. (deep exhale) My entire precinct is right there. I just found a kid beaten unconscious in a Dumpster. Where? Avenue D and Second. Did you see anyone? Did you find any evidence that might help? No, I just got him to the ER as fast as I could. Okay. I'll follow up. Okay, uh, let me know if I can do anything. Joe : Chandler! Ball fall in the Hudson? Catherine : No! No, I just... I'm just peeing. Just throw in the damn ball. Here. Tess : So, who found him? A Good Sam called it in. Uh, we get a description? Of the Good Sam? No, but I called the hospital. They're sending over his personals and e-mailing his chart. All right, fine. But you're not getting out of the game. Okay, Tommy Holt, age 19. No phone. Wallet's still got cash in it. This wasn't a robbery. Ooh, who's this hottie? It says here they took him into surgery for a depressive... crania... Evan : Decompressive craniectomy. It means they took pressure off his brain. Thank God you're here. Can you keep translating? I do not understand a word of this. Wow, another thing you don't do well. Huh. Okay, so he's in a coma. Only periodic discharges on the EEG means this may be a homicide soon. It says possible history of abuse or assault. X-rays showed his bones have been fractured repeatedly over the last few years. Maybe an abusive parent or sibling. Nurse I talked to said that his dad was on his way over there. Sounds like we should get him over here. Yeah. Man :  They're from fights. He used to get in them a lot. Thank you. With whom? Kids at school. Neighborhood. It's been tough ever since his mom died. Tess : Do you mind telling us where you were earlier today? I was at the airport, heading to Baltimore for a story assignment. Wait... you think I had something to do with this? Mr. Holt, about those fights. You said that Tommy was "over that." What did you mean? My son has severe ADHD. When he's not taking his meds, he has no impulse control. He's gotten himself in a lot of trouble. Even ended up in a residential treatment program for a year. Besides fighting, what kind of trouble did he get into? You name it. B-and-E's, uh, online gambling... Is he off his meds now? I... (sighs) I don't know. I-I went in his room. I saw a brand-new Xbox. He was wearing a fancy watch the other day. I tried to talk to him, but... He told me he was working on something that was going to make me proud. I just wish he would wake up. You know, and tell me what it is. We have three working theories. One, abusive dad. No record, but according to colleagues, he has a reputation of being a hothead. We're following up on his alibi. And Wallet Girl is number two? Well, we don't have his cell phone, so I.T.'s trying to get access to his e-mail, see if there's any suggestion of a relationship gone bad. And three, maybe Tommy got himself into trouble again. We're waiting to hear back from tox to see if he was taking his meds. Great. Chandler, head to the vic's apartment. Vargas, morgue. Tess : You're splitting us up? It's called "divide and conquer." See, that way, you can wake up for an early morning practice. Does he have money on this game or something? Joe (sighs) : No. Pride, okay? This about the whole precinct. It's about you, too. Now, be her coach. Joe... Go, team. Hey. I'm not even gonna ask. I just found a kid beaten unconscious in a Dumpster. And what, you're gonna operate on him? That's cool. No, he's at the hospital. Catherine just asked if there was any evidence. I'm just helping out, okay? You know what? And for once, JT, I almost feel normal. Okay, I got to stop you there. Normal? Like... like you could put on a pair of rubber gloves and head off to work for the day? She may have you feeling almost normal, big guy, but Muirfield doesn't agree. You are still their experiment that went awry, and they are never going to stop hunting you down... Hunting me down, yeah, okay, I get it. You're gonna give yourself an ulcer. I'm gonna go help Cat. If anything happens to you, that's on her. Detective Chandler. Remember me? ♪ Beauty and the Beast 1x04 ♪ Basic Instinct 
Original Air Date on November 1, 2012 Catherine : Kidnapping, false imprisonment of an officer. Kind of pushes the Patriot Act to the limit, doesn't it? I apologize for the physicality. But I knew you wouldn't come easily. Gee, how'd you guess? Where is he? I don't know who you're talking about. Oh, I think you do. In fact, you're the one who found his cross-species DNA at a crime scene a few weeks ago and called the FBI to report it. It was corrupted. I was wrong. Magna cum laude at Princeton, top marks at the academy. You're not wrong about much. First time for everything. (sighs) I'm not the bad guy here. I'm trying to protect the citizens of this city. While you're choosing to protect a monster. And that's what he is. Not a man. He's a monster. Your people sent him off to war to be a killing machine. It's ten years later; he's not that anymore. I see your amnesia is clearing up. Yeah. Yeah, now I remember. You and your Muirfield assassins are the ones who killed my mother. How about you indulge an old man? There are some things you ought to see. (indistinct radio transmission) (sirens blaring in the distance) (ticking) Check this out. This was an unsanctioned attack on an Afghan village. The population before the attack was 500. After the attack... zero. That was what you programmed him to do. Is that how you're going to rationalize this? He saves people. I know it's romantic to think he's some kind of mythological protective beast, but how do you explain Simon Holmes? Married. Pregnant wife. Found behind the local bar. Was he not innocent because he chose to have a cocktail? No, this can't be real. You know it's real because you've seen it. He can't control it. Do you really think that we would pour this many resources into finding him if he wasn't absolutely lethal? Where is she? What, the Jane Doe from last night? In the freezer next door. No. Cat. I can't find her. She's not answering her phone. She's probably cowering in humiliation after that performance tonight. Probably. Although I had a more salacious theory that I'd walk in and find you two together on the autopsy table. Wouldn't be great on the back. Speaking of... Tommy's got abrasions on his from the cuts in his shirt. Probably from being dragged. CSU didn't find any blood in the alley, so he was probably moved from another location. I'm looking into the soil on his clothes. Now look at this. Check out these contusions. Tommy's body is covered in them. Same shape, same size. What did you say the father does? Journalist. He couldn't have done that with a pen. Or a fist. It's just lately she's been disappearing and then she comes back with this great insight on a case, and I just figured it was... Tess, we work together. So, unless you're online dating, that's where people meet-- work. I meet people lots of places. Oh, and... toxicology came back positive for ADHD medicine. Okay, well, there goes the office meds theory. As for the Chandler-Marks theory, I'm not letting it go. Silverfox :  We don't want to hurt him. We just want to bring him to a place where... he won't be a danger to anyone. You just want to clean up your mess. No, we want to fix it. Perhaps find him an antidote. That's why you sent all those hit men after me. Clearly the wrong tactic. All right, I'll make you a deal. Your mother. For ten years, you've been searching for the truth about what happened to her the night she was killed. You bring me Vincent... I'll tell you everything. This is a picture of your mother at our headquarters. And as far as Vincent goes, if you don't believe me, you mention these incidents I told you about. Ask him yourself. This number will be good for the next three days. I'm not going to follow you, but if I don't hear from you by then, I'm going to have to go back to the wrong tactics. (cell phone ringing) (thud) Vincent, what are you doing here? You asked if there was any evidence. Get inside. Why? What's going on? Get inside. Okay, get away from the window. Muirfield grabbed me. What? They pulled me into a car, took me to some... It's okay. I'm fine. They didn't hurt me. You don't seem fine. They know you're alive. They wanted me to tell them where you are. I-I didn't-- obviously. And that was it. And they just let you go? Probably thought that if they tracked me, they'd find you. I made sure I wasn't followed, but still, you should go. I'm not going now, okay? You just got nabbed because of me. It's my fault, too. You kept telling me to stay away, and I... and I didn't, and now they know about you. I know you want to protect me, but you know as well as I do-- better than I do-- that the best way to protect me is to stay away. Uh... uh, I came here because I found a watch next to the Dumpster. The cops, they have it now. Tommy. You saved Tommy. His dad mentioned a watch. Are you sure you're okay? Yeah, I'm okay. You need to go. Thank you. That information will help me find whoever it is that assaulted him. (sighs) There you are. You are completely avoiding your fears. Practice 6:00 a.m.? Oh, my God, I'm sorry. I totally forgot. I just... I've been working on our case. Tommy's dad, he alibied out. We got a receipt from Ruby's Diner at Newark. So who's Simon? Oh, no, I'm just on this page for the ad. Balloons? What, are you gonna throw the firefighters a party when they beat us? I agreed to help my dad's fiancée with her bridal shower. Uh, but, CSU tracked this down. I tracked the serial number. Leads to a jeweler in Westchester. Purchased by a Lois Whitworth, president of the Hawkshire Polo Club. Westchester? You and your boyfriend Evan are completely in sync. He's not my boyfriend. Really? Because he told me the dirt found on Tommy's clothing contains phosphorus levels unique to Westchester. And all in that charming British accent. That must be where the assault happened. Tommy's dad, he mentioned that residential recovery program. Maybe it's there. Yeah, you know, real athletes, they're not supposed to have s*x on the day of the big game, but in your case, I think it might help. Okay, I will practice. But for now, can we just focus on this case? I'm focusing. Look. "Achieve to Ride" Program for Troubled Teens, run by Lois Whitworth. Watch Lady. (door opens and closes) JT : You're home-- good. Got you that book you wanted. Used my... Bio-chem Professor of the Semester gift certificate. JT, I think you need to sit down. Look, I didn't mean to burst your bubble earlier. Here, drink. I'm not saying you can never leave this place... Muirfield took Catherine. I'm sorry, what? He asked her to give us up. To give me up. Oh, my God. Oh, my God, uh... What did they do to her? Is-is she dead? No. She is fine, okay? She told them that she does not know anything. I'm confused. Muirfield took her, she said, "I don't know anything," and then they just let her go? Look, I guess they need her alive to find me. We got to go. We got to move. Like-like movemove, like, out of here. I can't just leave her now. She's not what they're after. Us leaving makes things safer for her, and-and safer for us, if-if she's giving us up. She is not gonna give us up. Until they break her down and water-board our address right out of her. Staying here, we're sitting ducks. You're the one who's been spurned into action, so act. This is it. We-we got to press the eject button of our lives. Okay, you're right. I got to do something. Where are you going? We need to pack. Like, now. Tess :  Again. Seriously? There is a boy unconscious in the hospital, and we are... Multitasking! Look, it's not like there's a serial killer on the loose. 
 
 (phone rings) Now what? Never mind. Joe says FDNY is uptown right now practicing. I got to scout their pitcher. You cannot just leave me here. Uh, the hell I can't. Keep your weight back. Good luck. Mmm. What are you doing here? I thought... Muirfield-- when they took you, did you get a license plate or an address? What? Anything to track them. They gave me a card. It's at home... What are you going to do with it? Catherine, I don't buy that they just let you go. Okay, I don't know what's going on, but they will have a plan. They will come back, and when they do, they will probably hurt you. I can defend myself. You don't need to. So, I can help a kid in a Dumpster, but I can't help you? How are you going to help? I'm gonna find them and I am gonna stop them. By killing more people? When they took me, they showed me photos. Articles with... with victims. They weren't just guys from Muirfield or... casualties of war there. There was a guy behind a bar. That was five years ago. He had a woman, okay? He was holding her down... I didn't realize there were civilians. (stammers) (sighs) You're afraid of me. Last night, I thought it was Muirfield, but it's me. Understand that I am a cop. I put people like you away. You're trying to decide if I belong in a cage. ♪ You and I ♪ 
♪ Underneath ♪ 
♪ You and I... ♪ If you let her soul burn ♪ 
♪ Let her soul burn ♪ 
♪ Let her soul burn ♪ 
♪ She would come right back to you ♪ 
♪ If you let her soul burn ♪ 
♪ Let her soul burn ♪ 
♪ Let her soul burn ♪ 
♪ She would come right back to you ♪ 
♪ ♪ Oh, oh, oh ♪ 
♪ Oh... (indistinct chatter) Tess : If this is where they send troubled teens, where do I sign up? Catherine : Look at these people. Practicing their sport. Not a care in the world. Getting really good at it. No big decisions to make. Oh, my God, don't tell me this is about what balloons to pick for your step-monster's bridal shower. Hey, you're still talking about softball. And now I'm talking about polo. Look at the end of this. It's the same shape as Tommy's bruises. Woman : You must be the detectives. I'm Lois Whitworth, president of the Hawkshire Polo Club and the Achieve to Ride Program. How's Tommy? He's in a coma. Oh, my God. I was gonna go visit him at the hospital today, but I didn't want to intrude. Sounds like you were close. Ah, people send us their children; they become our children. It's just heartbreaking that we can't control what happens outside of our cocoon. Your cocoon have security cameras? Uh, only in the clubhouse. But I thought this happened in the city. Actually, we have reason to believe it happened here. What? Tommy's dad mentioned that he finished the program six months ago, but do you know if he was still coming up here? Yeah. He did so well, we put him on payroll. He would, uh, clean the stalls, maintain the grounds. He actually played quite a bit of the sport. He was very good. He have any rivals, enemies? No, not out here. We're a very close, loving community. So close that she gave him this? That's a pretty nice watch. No, this is my husband's. Where did you get this? He didn't notice it was missing? He passed away two years ago. So he stole it? (sighs) I don't know. This is the hard part of my job. You take in a kid like Tommy, with all of his issues, you think you're making a difference, but... Maybe he was back to his old ways. If he stole from me, he could have stolen from anyone. Do you recognize her? Yeah, this is my daughter. Why? Were she and Tommy in a relationship? No. She has a boyfriend. You don't think this has something to do with her, do you? He didn't steal my dad's watch-- I gave it to him. I thought I was in love with him. But you didn't tell anybody? Your mom didn't know-- she thinks you have a boyfriend. Sean Hyland? Yeah, she has us walking down the aisle, but... I broke up with Sean, like, three months ago. How'd he feel about you and Tommy? I don't know if he knew, either. Man : Come on, Whiskers, let's go. (sighs) Look, Tommy was part of the program. I guess I just felt like everyone would have disapproved. I mean, he has a lot of baggage and a record. I just didn't want to hear about it. You said you  were  in love with Tommy-- past tense. What happened? What happened is, a tiger doesn't change their stripes. Turns out he was doping horses. What do you mean? He was injecting them with steroids and then betting on polo matches. Sounds like a good way to piss people off. Anyone else know about it? I don't know. I mean, I was oblivious until I found out he had done it to Whiskers. When was that? Like... a week ago. That's a pretty recent betrayal. Where were you two nights ago? Home. Weeping into a bowl of ice cream. I just feel so stupid. "Achieve to Ride for Troubled Teens." He came with his own warning label. How did I not see it? I think most of us can relate. Vincent? Vincent! Seriously, dude, today is not the day to screw with me. Unless they got to you. Catherine :  So, listen to this-- not only is Sean Hyland  a scorned ex whose family is worth millions, he's also the president of the club's disciplinary committee. They have a disciplinary committee? They have entire meetings devoted to gambling. Maybe he caught Tommy violating his "rich boy" code, took discipline into his own hands. What? No. Sean? But had I, I would have. Tess : Doesn't sound like you're too fond of him. Was that 'cause he was with your ex-girlfriend? Was he? I guess that's why she didn't text me back this weekend. Texting her? Does that mean you wanted to get back together? Look, even if I did, I wouldn't have to kill Tommy to get him out of the picture. What do you mean? He was leaving. Decided to move to Florida. How do you know? He gave me his polo jersey, told me to find someone else. Look, I didn't get it. A kid from that tax write-off program makes  our  team and decides to leave? I mean, come on. (phone rings) This is Chandler. So they drop a little water on your forehead, and you fold like an accordion. JT? I swear to God, they touch him, I will... Okay, what is going on? What happened? Forget the last five seconds of this conversation. I didn't understand the last five seconds. Where's Vincent? He turned himself in. What? I hear you've been looking for me. I'm ready to come back. Anything? No, just rings. He left this. "Proof I existed"? Insurance. In case something happens to us, I'm supposed to send it out to the world. I had their phone number. And you lost it? I left it in my apartment-- he probably took it. Great. Now what do we do? I didn't see the plates on the SUV; there was no address at the warehouse. (sighs) My car. Makeup? Now? Really? I need chalk. There was another agent; he drove my car. He must have left prints-- all we need to do is lift them, send them through the system, track his phone, and then we're there. He'll be dead by then. Do you have a better idea? ♪ (phone rings) Hello, Vincent. It's been a long time. Welcome home. That's a lot of weapons you got there for a welcome home. Just a precaution. We weren't certain what state you'd be in. Before I come in, I have some terms. I'm listening. You never harm Catherine Chandler again, you hear me? Muirfield forgets she exists. My bosses don't know she does; I never told them. Somehow I don't believe you. The fact that an officer of the law found out about you wouldn't make me look too good to the company. But just in case, I've drawn my blood. Anything happens to her... A fail-safe. Ah, ten years on the run's destroyed your ability to trust, I see. I mean, isn't that why we're really here? You're not scared that we're going to hurt her; you're scared that you are. Vincent? Right here. Hold your fire. The horse Whiskers is clean. No drugs were found in his system. But the girlfriend said Tommy was doping him. Well, the girlfriend was mistaken or lying. Yeah, and I'm looking into Tommy's financials-- there's no money and there's no big purchases. Not much of a gambler. But he  was  leaving. He booked an e-ticket to Florida. Maybe he just wanted to get away from the girlfriend. Well, we've got a lying, scorned girlfriend-- we just need something to tie her to the crime scene. I've got a mold of some tire treads from the alley. Seriously, how long does it take to much a fingerprint? We just sent it in. Call the CSI guy again. CSU.  CSI  is a TV show. (phone rings) Hello? Hey, do you remember what kind of car Clarissa drives? Alfa Romeo. I'll call you later, okay? Okay. I swear, I always thought, when she disappeared, she was with you. I mean, what the hell was he thinking? After everything we've been through, after everything we've done. You ever afraid of him? What? That he's going to hurt you or...? No. I've known him my whole life. I mean, it freaks me out when he's like that, but... he'd never hurt me. How do you know? I just know. (laptop chirps) We got him? Okay, just give me one second. (typing) Having a heart attack. I'm having a heart attack right now. Okay, we got him. Let's go. I'm still gonna have a heart attack. Vincent : I'm not going in on a leash. It's just a precaution, Vincent. We're working on something that may be able to help you, make you better. (vehicle approaches) Well, look who it is. She just can't stay away. My terms. Guns down. Guns down. Catherine : Vincent, don't do this. You need to go now. No. Silverfox : As pleasant a surprise as this is, he's already made the decision for you, Detective. It's not a decision, Vincent. Tommy Holt would be dead if not for you. Come on, Vincent. Take your hands off him. (growling) (grunts) (Catherine grunting) (Vincent growls) (roars) (both grunting) (both grunting) (growls) Catherine : So, what happens now? Do more of them come after us? No. His cell was the only one who knew about you. Yeah, but the rest of Muirfield knows about you. Right now, I'm more worried about cleaning up this mess. Vincent, it's the middle of the day; you should go. No, I'm not going to leave you with this. Go back to the case, figure out what happened to the kid, okay? I will deal with this. Okay. Tess : You lied, Clarissa. You told us Tommy was doping horses. He was. Were you just heartbroken 'cause he was leaving you to move to Florida? What? You just snapped? No, no, he said he wasn't leaving me. I would never... We tracked your E-ZPass. You drove into the city right before Tommy's body was left for dead. Your treads match the tire marks we found by the Dumpster, and I'm pretty sure, when we send CSU to check your car, we'll find evidence that Tommy was there. He attacked her. Who? My mother. He was doping horses. She caught him, and he came after her. She had to fight him off. It was self-defense. Why didn't she just call the police? It would hurt the club's reputation, her program's reputation. He has a record. He has done things like this before. That's not you talking; that's your mom, isn't it? You know Tommy's a good person, that he's changed. Your mom made you doubt that, made you question what you knew was true. She needed my help moving him. Tess : And you drove her and Tommy into the city and helped her put his body in that Dumpster. Why would she hurt him? You said you didn't want to tell her about the relationship because she wouldn't approve. But she didn't even know about me and Tommy. When did you give Tommy your father's old watch? Last weekend. Oh, my God. She must have seen Tommy wearing it, then figured it out. Wait a minute. Why do you have that? Well, we're not here for polo lessons. Your daughter told us where to find the mallet you used on Tommy. Tess : We looked into your financials. When your husband died, he left you in horrible debt. You've been counting on Clarissa marrying Sean Hyland to get you out of it. Tommy was going to ruin the whole thing. No, he was doping horses. Catherine : CSUs went through Clarissa's car, found this. It's Tommy's cell. Must have slipped out when you dumped the body. Texts say Tommy told you he wasn't leaving after all, that he and Clarissa loved each other. So you told him to meet you in the stables, he said okay, and that's the last text he wrote. He should have listened to me. I couldn't let my daughter just ruin her life. Yeah, or yours. Lois Whitworth, you're under arrest for the attempted murder of Tommy Holt. You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be held against you in a court of law. You have the right to an attorney. If you can't afford one, you will be provided with one. Do you understand your rights as I have read them to you? He's doing better. He woke up. He knows who I am. I'm really glad. I want to thank you guys for everything. I wish I could thank the guy who found Tommy. Whoever he is, he a hero. Yeah, he is. ("Round and Round" by Imagine Dragons playing) Announcer : Bottom of the ninth. FD leads five to three. No balls, one strike. ♪ We are all living the same way, the same way ♪ 
♪ We are escaping the same way, the same way ♪ Strike two! Joe : Chandler, you don't hit this, you're riding the desk. Tess : It's all right. It's all right. Come on, Cat. Trust your instincts. ♪ We think we're making our own way, our own way ♪ 
♪ Circling Keep your eye on it. Keep your eye on it. ♪ All the emptiness inside you ♪ 
♪ Is hard enough to fill ♪ 
♪ Without a sense of purpose ♪ 
♪ We're setting up to fail ♪ 
♪ You don't have to make it right ♪ 
♪ Just hold your head up high ♪ 
♪ Round and round ♪ 
♪ I won't run away this time ♪ 
♪  Hold your head up high  ♪ 
♪ Till you show me what this life is for... ♪ Of course, she gets a home run. (laughs) Yeah, she did. Whoo! (grunting) NYPD putting out fires, ha! ♪  Hold your head up high  ♪ 
♪ Till you show me what this life is for. ♪ (cell phone ringing) Game ball. You were there? It was a nice home run. This isn't a typical situation. No. I'm used to things being black-and-white, and this is just... it's gray. The things you've done... I hate myself for them. I know that, and I know that you can't control it and that... and that you have a good heart. But I'm going to have questions. Look... For the first time in a long, long while, I've felt like new things are possible for me, but, Catherine, the way that you looked at me in the park that night... everything came crashing back. The reality of what I am and what I have done... and the idea that you and JT are paying the price for it, that you are collateral damage because of me... that is why I gave myself in. You know, that, um... that first night we met in the woods... I knew that you would never hurt me. That was my gut. I'm sticking with that. I wish this was easier. Yeah, I do, too. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 