Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x08 - Trapped - Beauty and the Beast 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x08 - Trapped https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=321&t=18790 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/08/12 12:05 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x08 - Trapped 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Nine years ago, I witnessed my mother's murder. 
 I would have been killed, too, if it hadn't been for Vincent. Vincent :  I was part of an experimental special forces group. Their goal was to create the perfect super soldier. They made us stronger, faster, better. But something went wrong. You're him. She makes me feel like I have a life again. Vincent, I need you. Someone took Evan. (Peter screaming) (growling) I don't know how we cover this one up. Evan heard the whole attack. Be as normal as you can possibly be. No one needs to know you have anything to do with us. Whatever killed Peter, it wasn't entirely human. Vincent, you all right? JT :  He's dangerous, and if he's not in control of himself, somebody needs to be. No, you can't keep him in that. We are going to figure out a way to fix this. (girls screaming, yelling) ♪ Yo, Jake Riley loves you all! If Jake Riley could multiply himself... (gunshot, screaming) Man : Go, go, go already! (screaming fades, police sirens blaring) (cell warbles) This girl is officially obsessed with you, and I can't believe I'm going to say this, but maybe if we get her over here... What, are you crazy? I barely have enough warning as it is before these fugues or these blackouts or whatever the hell they are. Okay, but if being around Catherine really is the cause of these blackouts, forget synthesized endorphins. Use the real thing. Have her come over here. She's seen you, Vincent, and... she hasn't run. I don't know how much longer I can expect her to put up with all this if we can't find a cure to these blackouts. That's fine. A cocktail of endorphins and my good friend lorazepam to keep you chill while I evaluate your Catherine-allergic ass. Otherwise my phone bill's a hit the roof. (approaching footsteps) Hey. New case. You're not gonna believe this one. Aliens landed and knocked over a liquor store? Thanks, Mulder. In the meantime, we have an attempted murder. And that's Special Crimes because...? Our vic is a celebrity. Meet Jake Riley. You may recall some of his songs being featured on the Billboard charts. This is my partner, Detective Catherine Chandler. Cat, this is Jake and his manager, Chris Miller. Cat? Like, uh,  Cat in the Hat? (chuckles) Well, cutie, you're looking at four number ones, three platinum albums. Yeah, okay, so, diversity Barbie has had us waiting here till you showed up, and I'm running low on patience. You do realize my client is the victim, yeah? He was shot at. Mr. Miller, do either of you know someone who would want to hurt Jake? An enemy? (ringtone plays) One of my lady beings. I'm in demand. What's good, shorty? (chuckles) Yeah, baby, I miss you, too. Probably shot me a lot. It's crazy. (door closes) Well, I didn't want the kid to see it. Catherine : What? Fan mail? Yeah. The more rabid ones. And not all of them are exactly fans. Hate mail. Well, goes with the territory. JR doesn't know about these. And this doesn't even cover the social media ones. Oh. This one here... this one's particularly vocal. No return address, and this recent development. It's a good place to start. Jake : All right, beautiful, talk to you later, a'ight? Stay gorgeous. Since he's a celebrity, Chief ordered a protection detail on him until we catch the perp. Protocol has one of us on you at all times. No way. You won't even know they're there, and you can still do your thing. He can still do his thing, right? See? A'ight. Only if I get her, though. Yeah. I completely forgot it was Mud-bogging Day. Did you ever think of, I don't know, stomping before you sneak up on someone? Seriously? What were you doing? I can't get what happened out of my head. I went back. To the subway tunnels? Evan, you were kidnapped and almost killed by a psycho frat boy. Yeah, and then saved by some mysterious vigilante. It's understandable that you're traumatized; what you went through was brutal. It was. But it's more than that, you know? It happened so fast. I heard a psycho getting ripped apart by some thing, and then you saved me, bullets flying... Evan, whoever this vigilante is, it is not a "some thing." Cat, it's just, you were right there, and he was right there. I was too busy trying to save your ass. Well, you were the only one in a position to see him, and you say that you didn't, though. What does that give us? What's less than nothing? Can't you just let it go? I never did thank you. Well, I will exchange your gratitude for a favor. (clears throat) Okay. I was hoping that you could run the DNA from these letters through CODIS and the juvie system. You really think that your shooter is some mall-dwelling teen? It's too early to rule anything out. Could you put it to the top of your list? For the woman that saved me from an extremely traumatizing near-death experience... all right. Thank you. JT : Try not to kill me while I study you. Ready? Yeah. Feel anything yet? It's gonna be okay, dude. (airplane flying overhead) Vanessa : It's gonna be okay. I barely even felt it, Doctor. VANESSA The first effects of the steroids and antivirals within days. Other effects you'll notice over time. What's it feel like? Like taking your first shot at a bar. You feel the alcohol burning through your stomach. Whoa. Now it's like, it's like... everywhere. Now it's like, I just feel like... I'm ready for action, you know? Little more of these vitamin boosts and we'll be unstoppable. Oh, yeah. Vanessa : There will be limits, but the progress we're seeing is better than any outcome we could have projected. (panting) Dude... what happened? You were like talking and then... I was in Afghanistan when they were injecting us. I saw Catherine's mother. ♪ Beauty and the Beast 1x08 ♪ Trapped 
Original Air Date on December 6, 2012 It had to have been real. I've barely had any full memories of my time in combat. But this, this was like I was right there. It was so visceral. I don't know, maybe the lorazepam, you know? It allowed me to remember things I'd forgotten. Being turned into a super-soldier complete with killer canines seems like a hard memory to "forget." Almost like those memories were suppressed by someone else. You mean, by Muirfield. Why now? Maybe it's what you're thinking when you go into the fugue. I was thinking about how I got into all this, you know, when I joined up. Catherine's mom. If Catherine's mom was part of all this, don't you think she needs to know? So she learns things about her mom that are gonna hurt her? No, I do not want her to get her involved, JT. Vincent, you know Catherine. When it comes to you, she wants to be involved. No, but this was different, okay? She doesn't want to know that her mom was responsible for turning soldiers into monsters. You can't protect her forever, man. It's not just about her mom. It's about you. What do you think she'd want? Jake : ♪ Yo, Tess, you are so beautiful ♪ 
♪ Make me want to get you to be my girl ♪ 
♪ I wanna make you my girl... Oh, what up, Cat... in the Hat? Yeah, I'm not loving the nickname. Mm. Once a nickname's been given, it's yours for life. Isn't that right, Manslayer? Say that again, I pummel you. Don't tease me. Just go. Just walk away and stay at least ten feet away from me. If it helps, I think I found us a new lead. It helps if it means getting rid of the Backstreet Boy wannabe. Now I have to take him to his basketball practice. Um, looks like he's in this Twitter war with tween-sation "Lil Tap That." No joke. And it sounds ugly. What, the name or the Twitter war? Gotta go. ♪ Now you want some? Tempting. (scanning radio stations) Your sound system is like Stone-Age-olical. Just... Okay, I'll make sure to let the chief know you find her squad cars underwhelming. I'm sure she'll be delighted to shell out and pimp our ride. A'ight. Let's get this over with, LeBron. LeBron wishes he had these cheekbones. No, my mother wasn't in Afghanistan. She was. I remember it now. You what? We think your mother was a player... in Muirfield. And you don't look surprised. Catherine, what is it? The agent from Muirfield who abducted me, he showed me a picture of my mom with other Muirfield scientists. And you never told us? JT... I didn't believe him. He was using whatever he could to turn me against you. (sighs) It couldn't be real. Well, it is. You never thought to tell us about this? Vincent, I'm sorry. I just... I thought we were done with all these secrets, you know? That's why we called you over here. Look, it's okay. We don't actually know how involved your mom was. JT : But we know she wasn't innocent, since it was enough to get her killed. Wait. Wait. You're inducing another blackout? If it has the same effect as last time, it may be the only way we get to know more about your mom. Don't you want to know? Okay, JT, I need to be under longer this time. (lock clicks) I need the answers to get out of this cage. Come on. (grunting) (indistinct chatter) It's amazing. Like... there's all this new energy just bursting out of me. You're not the only one. Did you see Thrace bodyslam Harris? I mean, it was like the WWE comes to the desert. (chuckles) You weren't too bad out there yourself. (scoffs) (chuckles) Okay. I know they're giving us vitamins, but what kind of supplements they hiding in there? I don't know, but I like it. (chuckles) (clears throat) Lafferty? Lafferty? (bottles shatter) (gasping) Dr. C, she just completely zoned out. (screaming) He's having a hard time coming out of it. Soldier : Come on, guys, push yourselves. Push yourselves. Come on. Keep going. Keep going. Keller, is it? Yes, ma'am. How are you feeling? Uh, incredible. Never felt better-- ready to get out there. After that last session, you don't feel any fatigue? Impaired sensory awareness? Memory loss? Uh, no. Uh, my hearing's getting better though. I feel like I can hear a conversation from, like, a mile away. Is that normal? Nothing's normal about you anymore, Vincent. But we couldn't continue this war without you. You mean without soldiers who can put their fists through a table. What matters is that after we win this war, we're all going home to lead healthy, long lives. To our families. That's why I joined this project in the first place. To protect my daughters. Our country. Dr. Chandler? Is everything okay with Lafferty? You know, we haven't seen her since she went down I mean, what happened? You created us and you never mentioned these side effects. We didn't expect them. She lapsed into a fugue state. She temporarily lost cognizance. And the serum you gave her? To treat the blackouts. Hopefully alleviates them altogether. Wait. Is it gonna happen to all of us, or...? I don't know. At some point it's likely. But everyone's DNA is responding differently to this project. We don't know when or why these side effects are showing up. Well, you must have some idea. You don't have any causative evidence? If you'll excuse me. Officer : Fall in! JT : Do you want to lose your arm? JT, move. (panting) Vincent, you're back. It's okay. Okay, come on. (groans) I need some water. You're not the reason for the blackouts. Say what, now? What do you mean? It's not you. The blackouts are a random side effect of the experiments. How do you know? Because your mom told me. Okay, your mom may have created us, but she was trying to stop these side effects. I thought she was this doctor who helped people, but she did this to you. You didn't, okay? You're not the cause of this. Vincent, I am so sorry. Don't be sorry. We don't have to stay away from each other anymore. All this time I idolized her and I didn't even know who she was. I have to make this right. You said she was working on fixing it. She wouldn't have just let her work disappear. I have to find it. 
 
 Thomas :  Well, this is unexpected. Well, it is a week until you're getting married. I thought that in the spirit of moving forward, I'd clean out some of Mom's things. Uh, no, I don't think that's such a good idea. There's a reason they're packed and stored away. Okay. This is sounding kind of ominous. Your mother kept a lot of secrets. Your mother did a lot of research, a lot of lab work for the government. It was highly classified. Dad, why... Why didn't you tell me? After all this time? I was scared, Cat. I was scared that the mother you loved wouldn't be the woman I found in those boxes. What boxes, Dad? I locked her stuff away. I thought it was best. Best for who? I wanted to protect you. But you didn't even know what you were protecting me from. Catherine, listen to me: We are nothing more than our memories, our stories, the people we love. How other people remember us. Daddy, you didn't give me a choice. All these years I blamed myself for what happened to her, and you have things... actual things that could have given me answers. The storage room behind the wine rack. It's your choice. (keys jingle) All right, look, I don't got time to burn. Of course, I got other things to burn. (laughs) That's cute, really. Mr. Little... That. It's "Lil Tap That." Or just "Tap That" to you, sweet thing. (sighs) Not you, too. Where were you last night? The Clock Strikes. The club? Launched my new hat collection. All night? Well, nah, there was this one honey, and she... Don't care. Don't want to know. What I do want to know is what's up with you and Jake Riley? I hear you're in some kind of Twitter war. Damn, girl, ain't you ever heard of spin? Our managers baked it all. You really think that stunt with Riley was legit? They're just trying to bump me off the cover of  Tiger Beat. Managers are really that tabloid-hungry? Drama sells. Lady, you see this scar? I had to throw down in a bar 'cause my single was dropping the next day. A year ago, Miller sent JR to rehab and the kid's as clean as my grandma. They'd sell our souls. So, you and Jake Riley don't hate each other? Nah. He's leagues below me, yo. He's got the girls. I got the women. Okay. All right, enough-- we're done here. Sorry about that, man. Yo, these people taking forever... Ooh. Get out of my chair. JT : Ooh, Mommy Chandler was a looker. Not helping, JT. So, Vincent saw your mom taking notes in an olive notebook both times. It had to be where she kept her observation and research notes. Okay, hold on. Check the big box. You know, I really don't need backseat detectiving. Just trying to help. It's not like it's gonna be labeled "Cure for Vincent." Got it. Look for something that could be a formula, equations. Okay, I have no idea what I'm looking at here. Wait, uh, turn the page back. Did you see something? JT : To see something you'll have to turn the page back so I can know if I see something. It's a miracle that you have so many friends. Hilarious. Keep turning. Keep going. Stop, uh, uh, go back. Uh, show me that last page. What's the notation say at the bottom of the page? Psychogenic fugue. Your mom's notes about Vincent's genetic makeup are crazy thorough. She mentions side effects including memory loss and it looks like she was working on formulas to counteract them. Only problem is to replicate these, I need better equipment and Vincent's blood. Better equipment like? A Spartan RX real-time DNA analyzer. Okay, and where are we gonna find one of those? A police forensics lab. That is a lot of cops. Okay, you ready? How'd you get "you ready" off "That is a lot of cops"? I'm trying to move things along. I know you're Sarah Connor with a kung fu grip and all, but I'm pee-in-your-pants terrified. Okay, I'm gonna text you when we're leaving. The outer door to the morgue-- it'll be open, so you don't need a security card. Two lefts, then a right. And you're right there. But I can only buy you a couple hours at the most, so you need to make that serum fast. Okay. Good luck. I'm so calling you Cat in the Hat until you're 40. How could you leave me alone with him the whole day? Dad, Brooke, wedding nightmare. By the way, it turns out that Jake's manager, Miller-- he had a publicity deal with Lil Tap That's manager. That whole Twitter feud was staged. You think Miller staged that shooting as a publicity stunt? I don't know, but I looked into his financials. He withdrew large amounts out of his work account. I think we got enough for a warrant. I'm on it. Uh, no. No, you are not leaving me alone again to go gallivanting off. Tess, I owe you big. What else is new? (thump) How the hell you work this thing? Just think of him like he's Pinocchio. You know, he just wants to be a real boy. Good luck. Victory is mine. For you, Manslayer, an offering. (quietly): Thank you. Yeah. Still waiting on those DNA swabs. Actually, I am heading over to the manager's office. I was hoping you'd come with me. Where's Tess? She's playing nanny. So, what do you say? Go out amongst the living? It's not really my job. Come on, I'm partnerless, and you could use some field hours. Besides, do you really want to sit around waiting for analysis on envelope spit? Point taken. But you owe me one, and I plan on collecting. ♪ 
♪ Evan :  What makes you so sure  that Riley's manager staged the shooting? Seems like a bit of a stretch. After all the stunts he's had Jake pull in the past, not really, also unprecedented sizable bank withdrawal. He withdrew 30 grand. For what? Not a yacht. If that's not a flag-raiser, I don't know what is. Money probably went to the shooter. What kind of person hires a gunman as a publicity stunt? I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say a crazy person. The shooter did miss, and Miller had this handy bag of possible suspects just waiting for us. I have to admit, this is kind of fun. It is only fun if you, uh... find something. "My Unexpected Rise and Fall in the Music Industry." Sounds like a bestseller. The last chapter isn't written yet, but there is a title. "Tragedy: the Death of Jake Riley." Please? No. Come on, you know you want to show me. I really don't. I'll sing you a ballad again. If you do, I'll arrest you. That's it. If you don't show me right now... ♪ I'm gonna sing you a ballad. ♪ Fine. Boom, weakness exploited. Well, once you see it, there's no un-seeing it. Oh, my God. (beeps) Yo, can I get some of these? No. Oh. You hit like a girl. Yeah, it's me. (chuckles) Come on. Let's see it already. Oh, my God, that's so wrong. (gagging) Told you. Vincent! I broke into the morgue, made the serum, snagged Stallone from the U. Time to pump this guy full of untested fugue deliciousness. No offense, buddy. (creaking) No offense, buddy. Who's there? (low growling) Oh, this is bad. This is really, really bad. Yo, this is bull. It's not. Jake, I know this is hard to believe. Yeah, 'cause it's not true. Miller betrayed you. He played on your trust of him. Okay, we don't have enough to book him, but we do have this. We found it in his office. Check out the title of the last chapter. It's called "Tragedy." He expected you to die in that shooting or at least, it seems that way, which means that he arranged it. I'm guessing "Tragedy" isn't a chapter he's gonna want to change, and you're about to do a live radio show, a very public event. Seems like a good twist in the story to me. "Just when I thought J.R. was safe." Jake, a hit man that didn't finish his job isn't gonna back off. He is going to finish what he started. How sure are you you're right? JT :  Vincent! (creaking) (growling) Dr. C.! (distant automatic gunfire) Colonel, slow down. Just tell me what happened. The soldiers you created are out there, tearing apart this entire compound. That's why I wanted time to test it. Time's up. Either you fix the side effects, or the project's aborted. Aborted? What? Terminated. You can't kill your own men. Those aren't men. They're animals. You communicate with an animal. They're not animals. I might not be able to reverse the full transformation yet, but the side effects, the lost time, the aggression, if you just contain them instead of... Do you want them to keep moving through the country? To keep killing? Aren't you going with them? You're leaving the dirty work to someone else. You can't leave this locked down forever. The world will find out about them. Colonel : Is that a threat, Doctor? (gun clicks) You don't know when to stop talking. And that's a problem. (growling, gunshot) (grunting) Vincent. You're here with me. (growls) Please. Please, I need you. I can't do this without you after everything I learned today about my mom. (grunts) Please. You're here. Just... be here with me. Okay. You're okay. He's okay? Dude, dude. Did I hurt you? Oh. (chuckles) Nothing a Care Bears Band-Aid can't fix. Vincent, dude, it's okay. We've got a plan. We'll test Vanessa's serum on Stallone and... It's just a matter of time before we test it on you. No. Uh, come again? I am not gonna spend my life in and out of a cage, waiting for the lab rat to tell me to get out. Stop! Vincent, don't... What are you doing? We don't know what this does. What if it makes you worse? Or kills you? You think living in a cage isn't doing that? Well, it turns out I'm monstrous enough to get out of it anyway. So what now? Now, we wait. All right. Let's go. Thanks, see you. Hearing there's a crowd out front. There isn't out back. Let's stick to the plan. NYPD! Stay down! And that's how it's done. Mr. Miller, step out. What's going on? You saw that shooter before anyone else. That's ridiculous. Put your hands behind your head. Why? Jake. Catherine : You're under arrest for the attempted murder of Jake Riley. Aside from us, you and Jake were the only ones who knew the plan to come out this way. You and him. Jakey, come on, mate. You don't believe all this rubbish, do you? Shut up. You wrote a book about me, Chris. My death would make it a bestseller. You tried to kill me for a book. Catherine :  I'm really sorry your manager lied to you. At least I know what he really thought of me. I just can't believe I had no idea. You know, I saw him all the time. I practically lived with him. Don't let this change who you are. You can't stop trusting people. Yeah, trust them with one eye open. That sounds pretty sucky to me. Yeah, it is. But it's part of growing up: things get more complicated. You know, my mom, she used to say, "Forgive, but never forget." Thank you. You're welcome. I know you were not about to let me leave without saying good-bye. C'mon, Manslayer. Chop-chop, let's move! Come on, I ain't getting any younger. (sighs) Oh. Leaving early because of your new intern? Pardon? What intern? The dude who was in your lab today while you were playing cop with Cat? Everything cool? Brilliant. Jake : Manslayer. Jake Riley is not known for his patience. Chop-chop, let's go. Pop it open. Scared there's a dead body in there? It's cool. I already checked. Don't worry about it. You know, I'm digging that you are looking out for Jake Riley. It is hot. Now let's pop this chassis and quit the chit-chat, a'ight? Oh, my God. Yeah... (laughing) You tricked out my squad car. Yo, it's tight, huh? Check it out... (music playing, car alarm blares loudly) Ooh! Oh, um... Hurry up! Okay, okay. (music, alarms stop) Sorry. Sorry. Look, I can't have my girl serving and protecting with some carbon-dated, terrestrial radio. Besides, I can't have you forgetting who your man is. Now, just so you know, it comes fully loaded-- with all my greatest hits. Including a new one I think you and Detective Chandler are really gonna like. ♪ (laughing) (knocking on door) Dad. Hey. Thanks for coming. Was swinging by work when I got your text anyway. So, you left the house pretty quickly today. Yeah. Um... I, uh... It's just that I've blamed myself for so many years for what happened to Mom. You know? I'm the one who called her the night she died. You know, I guess just going through her things, I... I realized it wasn't my fault. That when we stay stuck in the past, we stay hurt. We stay victims. I don't want to be that anymore. Your mother would be so proud of what you've become. You've got her heart. In a lot of ways I see her in you. (crying quietly) (sniffles) Dad's getting married in a week. He, uh... wants to start a fresh life. He knew you had secrets. And he tried to protect me from them. I have to believe that... whatever you were doing, you thought it was right. God, I want so badly to bury this, but... you left this mess. And now I have to do everything I can to make it right. (sniffles) I love you, Mom. I love you. ♪ We will, you know. Make it right. You heard all that? A little. Wait. The serum worked? Yeah. (laughing) Ran a battery of tests... no more blackouts. No more cages. It doesn't change what I am, though. No serum for that. Any suggestions on how I'm supposed to move on with my life, knowing what my mom did to you? Catherine. Your mom-- she had no idea what she was getting into. You know, that innocent people were gonna die. Your mom was a brave woman. You know, she... she really cared about us. It's just, she got backed into a very dark corner. She kept it all from me. She lied, and that's what I am doing to my friends. Then it's my fault. I'm the reason you're doing all of this. No, you didn't have a choice. She did. Yeah, but if I had... I would make that same choice again if it meant that I could be in your life. You know, I think we've lived with enough guilt. Maybe now it's time to ease up on the past. What if I can't do that? You can. Because I'll do it with you. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 