Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x16 - Insatiable - Beauty and the Beast 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x16 - Insatiable https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=321&t=18798 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/23/13 15:44 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x16 - Insatiable 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Catherine : From the moment we met... 
 Vincent :  We knew our lives would never be the same. 
 He saved my life. 
 And she saved mine. 
 We're destined. 
 But we know it won't be easy. 
 Vincent :  Muirfield is still out there  and they want me dead. 
 Even though we have  every reason to stay apart. 
 We'll risk it all to be together. Vincent :  I am so in love with you. Previously on Beauty & the Beast... I'd like you to meet my brother. This is Darius. Ray :  It's your finger on the trigger. (growls) (Darius grunts) Vincent :  Darius, I killed him. Catherine :  If you didn't act when you did, Heather would be dead. Joe :  ADA Lowan and I have been  working together since the beginning. Consolidated into a new unit,  the sole purpose: the apprehension and prosecution of the son of a bitch known as "the vigilante." And, yes, this is personal. With this task force,  things aren't gonna end so well for me. If we're together,  we can overcome anything. ♪ Love... ♪ Is thick ♪ 
♪ Like blood ♪ 
♪ Like honey... You're here. Uh, yeah. Where else would I be? If you were like a lot of other guys out there, miles from here. Come on. No guy in his right mind would... Yeah, I know how to pick 'em. Hey. I meant that past tense. So... (chuckles) did we do all of this? Wasn't Muirfield. Right. Here, let me help. No, it's fine. No, it's okay. Are you okay? Yeah. You? I'm okay if you're okay. I'm great. I just, uh... I can't actually believe that we did this. Yeah, it's-it's fine. It's just... stuff. No, no... I meant, um, that we... you know. Oh. Yeah. I'm only saying it because I wasn't sure if we could, but... Well, we can. Yes, we can. You know what? I think we should just... stop cleaning. I hate cleaning. Mmm, me, too. (chuckles) ♪ 
♪ Two hearts fading ♪ 
♪ Like a flower ♪ 
♪ And all this waiting ♪ 
♪ For the power ♪ 
♪ For some answer ♪ 
♪ To this fire ♪ 
♪ Sinking slowly ♪ 
♪ The water's higher, mmm ♪ 
♪ Desire ♪ 
♪ Desire... This is so bad. What's so bad about it? I'm just... I'm in so much trouble. The last time something like this happened, I... Disaster. Wait, something like this has happened to you before? Okay, not-not exactly like this. Just, um... the last time I really liked a guy... Hm. "Liked"? (chuckles) Okay, after what we just did, you... you really don't need to be fishing for compliments. No, I'm clarifying. Oh. Stop looking at me like that because I have a job now, and I can't be dopey at it. How am I looking at you? Like I never want to leave this bed. (phone beeps) (both groan) Vincent : Uh-oh. No, don't say "uh-oh." You've got two missed calls and five texts from Tess, Evan and Joe. (Catherine sighs) From an hour ago. (indistinct chatter) (horse sputters) We've got deep lacerations on the vic's face. Or what's left of it. Looks like our killer again. The vigilante is upping his game. We can't be sure yet. I'll need to do a full workup in the morgue before I can confirm anything. Do it. How did we not catch this guy before he killed again? We're working on it, boss. We narrowed down a list of suspects. Mostly felons who live in the area. (sighs) Sorry. You're late. It's Saturday. I went for a run without my phone. For three hours? Training for a marathon. I've wasted a lot of breath over the past few months on whatever's gotten you so preoccupied. I suggest you get your mind unoccupied and get back in the game. You're part of an elite team now, Chandler. Act like it. We sure this was our guy? You know something we don't? Murder happened out in the open. It's not his M.O. Joe : And like I told Tess before you showed up, he's upping his game. Was he in the process of committing a crime? Joe : No. In prior cases, it's been clear. At least... it's been clear to me that he has some sort of vigilante complex. He only strikes when an assault is being perpetrated against an innocent victim. Carriage driver had priors, Cat. But he wasn't in the act of... And what is your answer to the brutality of the crime fitting his M.O. to the T? Have we considered the possibility that it might be a copycat? You come up with that theory on your three-hour run, Chandler? Give it a rest, Garnett. Kiss my ass, Vargas. Joe : Guys. Guys. Tess : ADA Lowan. All right, listen up. Good news. I know our hands have been tied, to a degree, but not anymore. The Feds have given us full funding to catch this monster with whatever means necessary. Let's bring in the suspects we've been circling, turn up the heat. I want this guy behind bars. Make our city safe again. Best way to make people feel safe is to eliminate the problem-- let's kill this b*st*rd. Is that the police chief talking or a victim's brother? We need him alive, and we will prosecute him to the full extent of the law. And the full extent of the law's at the end of my barrel. Lowan : Listen to me, Lieutenant. If we become vigilantes, then we are no better than this guy. And I will prosecute any vigilantes equally-- understood? Lowan : Can I have a word, Detective? Yeah. Something have you questioning this one? Based on my case experience, the vigilante doesn't kill innocent people. I'm not saying he's a saint, but he did save a woman from being raped. What about Joe's brother? And how convinced are you that this isn't the work of the vigilante? Based on the messiness of the crime scene and the amount of blood... he's usually more efficient than that. Do I detect a tone of... admiration? You detect a note of skepticism. I'm worried that we all want to catch this guy so badly that we're willing to overlook the facts on the ground. I wanted you on this task force, Chandler. I thought your life experience would've sharpened your world view. Maybe it's only clouded it. I thought your life experience I don't need a debate on this one; I need a team. Okay, I am trying... I want our killer in custody. And if you value your position on this task force, I expect you'll play an important role in his capture. ♪ Beauty and the Beast 1x16 ♪ Insatiable 
Original Air Date on March 21, 2013 Did you find any cross-species DNA on the carriage driver's body? Something that might help tie this to the vigilante? There was no DNA, period. The crime scene was absent of any other DNA. Okay, so that proves it. The absence of evidence isn't the presence of proof, Catherine. I can't ignore the markings that I've observed on the torso and the face that look a lot like claw scrapings. I still need to run some other tests to see if it compares to other cases. Well, shouldn't you just go to Joe and-and let him know that you have doubts? You know that doubt won't be enough for Joe. Until you have something more concrete. Look, Cat, if I told Joe that this murder was the work of a something out there whose DNA isn't entirely human, he'd likely have me packing up my things by tomorrow. I thought you were gathering evidence to prove that. And to seek absolution from this crime, you really want me to suggest that the man who killed Joe's brother might not be a man at all? No. No, I understand. I have to... bring them something more than just a hunch. Like you said-- something concrete. Look, you know I'll support you if your theory turns out to be true, but... I'm a scientist at heart. I go where the evidence leads me. I wouldn't expect anything less. Catherine : They didn't find your DNA at the crime scene, but... the vic had slash marks on his body oddly similar to your claws. Obviously someone's trying to set me up. Seems like it. It's too close to be a coincidence. Somebody knows your patterns. But who would want to do that? The only thing I can think of is Muirfield, but there's no way they'd want to draw outside attention to me like this. Yeah, not when they're trying to cover you up. It doesn't make sense. I don't know who else it could be. Here we are starting our relationship and someone is already trying to destroy us. (sighs) Well, you know, they won't be the last ones. Stupid of me to think, even for a moment, that the outside world doesn't exist. That we could hole up, stay in bed, order-order take-out, and talk grade point averages. Catherine, come on, it's not stupid. You're not the only one guilty of wishful thinking, okay? You know, I spent all day searching for a place for you and me to be alone together, while half the city is trying to hunt me down. We have to promise not to make each other careless. It's just when I'm with you, I... I feel strong, like... I can take them all on. Are you sure? Because, in this life, you're constantly looking over your shoulder. Yes. Okay, then you're right. We are stronger together than we are apart. We have to find something to clear you. (both sigh) Look, even if we prove that I didn't kill this carriage driver, we have to try and catch this guy that's trying to set me up. Okay, first things first. Evan didn't find any DNA, so we have to find something else. Okay. Vincent, this is our life now. And if that means we're gonna have to fight every day to keep it, then that's what we'll do. But I am not gonna beat myself up for being happy. After everything we've been through, I'm not gonna do that. You're amazing, you know that? You are-- you have absolutely no fear. I should be afraid. We both should. You have no idea how passionate Joe is, how vengeful. He thinks you killed his brother in cold blood. He's not gonna stop until... Yeah, he catches me, I understand. No, he doesn't just want to catch you. He wants to kill you. (horse snorts) (horse whinnies) I think I might've just found something that'll set him on a different course. (horse grunts) (horse grunts) (horse grunts) We have an assignment for you. Muirfield. Agent Kyle, was it? Kyle's fine. There's no reason for you and I to be formal any longer. We're on the same team. So my assignment is...? Do whatever you can to keep this police Task Force from catching the vigilante. More like serial killer after last week's maulings. But I thought your main goal was to apprehend him? For us to apprehend him. And you and I both know this thing is a lot more than a "him." But it's paramount we get there first. If the police catch it, they'll bring it into custody, and put it through a very public justice system. And Muirfield will be exposed. And the world will know about your colossal mistake. So you want me to tamper with evidence? If need be. Will that be a problem for you, Dr. Marks? Not if it's the only way to make sure that everyone's safe from this ever happening again. Excellent. This cab's taken. Find yourself another ride. It's a spike from a medieval weapon called a morning star. Based on the crime scene I saw, that is definitely part of the murder weapon. So that's one of the spikes from the star? Yep. Uh, my buddy from the history department said it came into widespread use around the beginning of the 14th century. Okay, whoever this person is who's trying to set you up, they are definitely psychotic. Who would go to these lengths to try and set me up? I don't know, but, uh, there's an insignia on the underside of the spike. Here. Vincent : Did your friend know what it meant? No, but he gave me the name of an antiquities dealer in Williamsburg. Said this guy knows everything about medieval weaponry. Okay, take a picture of it and go see him, and I'll take that to Evan. He won't be able to deny the truth that the vigilante had nothing to do with this murder. ♪ Man 1 : So, did you pick up your vest? Man 2 : I did, yeah. Man 1 : What do you think? Man 2 : It's real nice. Vargas, have a minute? Yeah, give me a second, boss. I'm having a buckle problem. That can wait. Oh, see, you say that, but you won't be the one on a raid with her pants at her ankles. Coming. What's up? Look, I, uh, I appreciate your support on this, Tess. Always, Joe. Which is why I told Gabe you'd check the cold leads on the vigilante. But we're about to head out on some sweeps. I know. I need you on this instead. Are you kidding? You're sidelining me? Having me follow up with a bunch of kooks? Gabe wants every tip we've received followed up. It's not a bogus assignment, no matter what that scowl on your face says. The sooner you get started, the sooner you'll be finished. Are you punishing me 'cause Cat was late to the crime scene? 'Cause she's questioning whether this attack was even our killer? I told you, she's not my partner anymore. Not in the mood to argue with you, Vargas. Just 'cause we have... what we have, does not mean you can question my authority here at work. I'm questioning you as my boss. I see. Okay. So then, as your boss, I say do your damn job. Let's go. (distant siren wailing) This is the Waxford Insignia, most probably from the Spike Mace Club. Waxford was a weapons dealer in England at the turn of the 14th century. How many of these are still in existence? Are you two cops? Investigators. We work with cops. There's probably ten to 15 left in the world. Any in New York? I'd guess three or four. Next to Berlin, New York's the mecca for arcane weaponry. Is there any way we might be able to find the guy that owns that piece? I thought you were investigators. So... investigate. Listen, man, um, I'm a really nice guy, okay, but... you see my, uh... my friend over there, he can get a little aggressive if he's set off. So why don't you just do us all a favor and give us a list of the collectors in New York City, huh? Actually, these only go up for sale at high-end auction houses, so... give me a few minutes, and I'll print a list out for you. That'd be great. ♪ So, absent of any DNA at the crime scene, I give you the murder weapon. Or at least a piece of it. Is that concrete enough to bring to Joe? Where'd you find this? You searched the crime scene, but how closely did you look at the carriage or the horse? This way, you don't have to show the cross-species evidence to prove that we're hunting the wrong guy. You're going a long way to protect this thing. I'm trying to find the real killer. Is that what this is? What else would it be? I found cross-species DNA on your scarf. What? You left it here. So you tested it? It would explain why you've been lying to me all these months. About the bike messenger attack, about chasing it in the subway; why it saved you. Evan, you can't really think that I... Are you harboring this thing, Catherine? Evan, you are way out of line. Well, what the hell is its DNA doing on your scarf? How many vigilante crime scenes have I been at? It is not a vigilante. It's a murderer. A creature, Catherine. Evan, you know me. You know that I would never do anything to hurt myself or anyone else. Don't you? Did you examine Tess's clothes? Or your own? We have been chasing this thing for months. Why wouldn't we have trace evidence of him on any of us? Catherine, all... all I want is your honesty. When did we stop believing each other? Whatever you're going through, it's not too late. I will protect you. Everything I've ever done was to protect you. You want me to believe that you going behind my back, stealing my personal belongings, is-is because you have my back? I just want the truth. The truth is, the vigilante saved your life. Cat, if... if I find out that you're helping this thing... Well, just know this: I will do whatever it takes to get him. I understand. 
 
 (indistinct conversation) (anxious sigh) I left my scarf behind because my head was... somewhere else, and-and Evan tested it. So, Evan knows you're connected to Vincent? I don't know what he can prove, but he definitely believes it. He basically warned me that, if I was protecting you, he would take matters into his own hands. So, if Evan now knows there's a connection between us... And the ADA's got access to every surveillance camera in the city... And Joe's got a couple of loose cannons in Garnett and Newell, who won't let a few little laws get in their way... they are going to find you, Vincent. And soon. Please, tell me you guys found something that'll help. Uh, well, uh, JT and I checked out every antique buyer who ever bid on one of these kinds of weapons... And came up with nothing. Okay, as much as we have to catch this guy, I think we're out of time. We let too many people get close. We may have passed the point of no return without ever realizing it. What, so, you think there's no way of covering everything up this time? I want to stay and fight, I do, but... I don't know. All of the evidence is eventually going to lead them right here, and your DNA is on everything. Okay, wait-- what if the only way for all of us to be free is to give them what they want? And what's that? Me. Nearly the same height, same weight. He doesn't look anything like Vincent. Sorry, the selection of cadavers at the research lab wasn't up to your standards. Okay, how long has this guy been dead? Judging from the smell, I'd say a month. One problem. When Evan does his autopsy, he's going to know that this body didn't die in a fire. I'm gonna switch the samples in the lab after the examination. I'm doing a lot of things I shouldn't be. I'm breaking a lot of laws. JT : What other options do we have? Aside from magically producing our medieval killer-- which only solves half the problem anyway-- this is the only way to get everyone off Vincent's trail. Make me disappear. To the rest of the world anyway. Dead, gone. Okay, no one gets hurt? No. We'll start the fire in here, it'll spread quickly, then, with all the equipment... And all the other chemicals I have... This place will be burnt to a crisp before anyone even arrives. I can even track your beast-hunting A Team so that when we set the blaze, they're far enough away. Then if we time the tip-off call right, the only person left in this place, when it's burnt down, will be dead for a month. Okay, we just need to figure out how much Evan really knows about my connection to Vincent. See who else he's told. I get it. I'm the only one he trusts. Okay, I'm off. Okay, if something goes wrong. We'll meet up at the safe haven. Just don't get the task force here too early. We want everything good and charred. Okay? Okay. Yeah, I told the cops everything I saw. All right, well, tell me again. You were behind the counter, guy's got a gun on you. Yeah. Then, all of a sudden, he's knocked into the soda fridge. Yeah, that guy saved my life, your vigilante. Did you get a good look at him? Like, more than the picture shows? Not really, but you know, now that I think of it... Yeah? I don't know, there was something weird about his face. It was, uh, full of veins. That's normal. You said he was angry. No. But his face was covered with veins. Like-- I don't know-- like an animal maybe. Based on several interviews, I'm seeing a pattern emerge. What do you got? Listen, you may not want to hear this, but you did order me to conduct these interviews. Tell me. Cat might not be so off track after all. The vigilante might not be the coldblooded killer we think he is. Except he murdered my brother. Yes, of course. Darius being the exception. Damn big exception. Also, um... people are saying-- and I know what this is gonna sound like-- but that he might not be human. I'm sorr... Say that again. Next, you're gonna tell me that-that-that he rides around in a UFO? Does he talk to Martians, too? I'm trying to catch this guy, not trying to turn him into some damn folk hero. Are you gonna listen to me, or are you gonna brush me off like you did by giving me this bum assignment? Yeah, well, maybe if you took it seriously, now... I am taking it seriously! I have several eyewitness reports that this vigilante had animalistic qualities. Not in personality, in appearance. Okay, we're done here, Vargas. Why the hell are you keeping me out of the loop on this one? Because I need to keep you safe, okay? Look, I already lost my baby brother. I won't lose you, too. I've worked my whole career to not be protected by the boys, and I won't allow you to treat me any differently. That's not your call. I can't do it. I honestly couldn't take it. Look, you work for me; you're staying on the sidelines on this one. Gabe Lowan. Mr. Lowan, it's Catherine Chandler. What can I do for you, Detective? I have a possible location for our killer. You do? You said, "by any means necessary," so, I went outside the box. Went to Rikers, tough-talked a few of my old collars who used to be my eyes and ears on the street. Turns out, one of them had an address, so I'm texting it to you right now. (tapping keys) (phone beeps) Got it. Great work, Chandler. Thank you, sir. Bait taken. Vincent : Okay. Let's get ready. Gentlemen, this is the true definition of enterprise. What are we looking at? Detective Chandler took some initiative, knocked some heads, and came up with a possible location on our killer. That's the old chemical plant, down by the waterfront. Let's check it out. Catherine sent these? Is there a problem, Dr. Marks? Nope. Good on her. (sighs) Lola, you told police that the man who tried to attack you-- he was stopped by the vigilante. If he hadn't been there, I might have been killed. Newspapers quoted you as saying the vigilante had cat-like reflexes. He moved like a cat, but not a, you know, domesticated cat. Something more wild, like a jaguar. You hear him speak? I heard him growl. And when he... killed my attacker, it was like animal shrieks mixed with my attacker's screams. You see his face? No. Not clearly. But, um-- and this is something I didn't tell anyone, I only remembered after the fact-- the man who saved me had yellow eyes. Yellow eyes? Like a cat's, actually. If a cat's eyes glowed. And you said everything happened here? Right after I got off work. The guy who saved me was just... he disappeared. He was here one minute, then he was gone. Listen, I... I got to get back to work. Of course. Thanks for your time. (door creaks open) (door creaks and thuds shut) (water dripping) Okay, they're still at the precinct. Hey. Don't worry. If it means that we get to spend more time together, and no one else gets hurt anymore, then... it's worth it, yeah? Yeah. Maybe this is a chance for you to start over. And for us. Exactly. It's a good thing. Although, I am really gonna miss this old place. Yeah, there's that. (laughs) (laughs) Where are you gonna go? Uh... I don't know; we'll find someplace. We'll just have to be more careful this time. Not with everything, hopefully. Where did I find you? Enjoy it while you can. You haven't even gotten to my difficult side yet. Did you call to lounge around an empty yard? Because as much as I enjoy this weather... I wanted to tell you I'm giving up on my cross-species DNA research. Doesn't sound like the dogged JT Forbes that I worked with. I'm under a lot of pressure at the university to publish something that doesn't smell of "extraterrestrial life-forms." I'm sorry to hear that. So I wanted to offer you my research. I mean, if you're still working on that. Afraid I'm out of the game as well. You are? And I tell you this in confidence: I don't think our, uh, creature is long for this world. He's been caught? Not yet. But there's a task force within our department-- they're closing in on him. They're gonna raid the location within the hour. Wow. But I couldn't leave room for error. That sounds ominous. What do you mean? Seriously, what did you do? I got in contact with some people who will destroy this thing once and for all. Wait, the only people that could... Muirfield? Did you... How'd you even get in touch with them? Look, JT, I'm gonna have to go back to work before they realize I'm missing. You gave Muirfield the address so they can get there before the cops? Catherine will finally be safe. Some things are more important than research. Well, I guess you don't need mine, since you have the real thing to study. Good luck. Let me know how it goes. (engine starts) Hopefully, by the time this task force arrives, this place will be long gone. On the front page of every newspaper, it'll say that that vigilante serial killer from the park's dead. (rumbling in distance) What is it? (helicopter whirring) It's Muirfield. How'd they find you? I don't know. (siren wailing) Come on. Hold for my go! (quietly): Go. Go. Vincent : Come on. Down. (grunts) (panting) (men speaking indistinctly in distance) (both panting) You okay? Yeah, it's over. Whoever saw us back there, they're... they're gone. My biggest problem now will be trying not to let my mind wander to us when I'm at work. We have to promise to not get caught up in this haze again. We got so lost in each other, we... we pretended that the outside world didn't exist. Right. I promise. But, Vincent, just like that, we, uh... we have a fresh start. Yeah. (laughs softly) Us against the world, huh? Well, us and... JT against the world. You know, there's still someone out there that's trying to set me up. Whoever killed that carriage driver did it for a reason. We'll find out who or, um... or what he is. I'll catch up with you guys later. I've got to show my face at the warehouse, make sure no one gets suspicious. Yeah. Stay down here, until I make sure everything's clear. I won't be long. Okay. Okay. Wait. ♪ 'Cause when it all ends ♪ 
♪ I want you to be free ♪ 
♪ Free like you make me... (whispers): Okay. ♪ Free like you make me... ♪ What were the feelings, there in silence? ♪ 
♪ Oh-oh, oh-oh, oh ♪ 
♪ And were you safe or was it defiance? ♪ 
♪ It'll be okay... Heard everyone's meeting back at the precinct for a celebratory drink. I'll, uh... I'll meet up with you guys. I want to stay here and make sure all the evidence is collected properly. I think you can relax, Joe. We got him. ♪ Because your eyes in this moment... ♪ Yeah. ♪ Can't contain... You think he booby-trapped the place? ♪ All of the secrets... I don't know. I don't know. It's, uh, like you said. We got him. Hell of a job, Chandler. (sighs): You, uh... you think Tess is back at the ranch? I never heard back from her. I don't know. You want me to track her down? No. No, I'll, uh, I'll just see her when I see her. (quietly): Okay. ♪ ...out of this jail and I'll get you high ♪ 
♪ 'Cause when it all ends... ♪ (phone ringing) ♪ I want you to be free ♪ 
♪ Free like you make me... (sighs) There was nothing we could do; he took himself out. And you're sure he's dead? ♪ Free like you make me... Yes. Job well done, Joe. ♪ Free like you make me... (heavy sigh) ♪ Free like you make me ♪ 
♪ Free like you make me. What happened? Bishop had us attached to his hip. There was nothing we could do. How many times did I tell you I needed him brought to me before the rest of the team got to him? Well, we screwed up. It's not gonna happen again. It can't happen again. The son of a bitch has been eviscerated. I've run out of time. Never mind. Get the hell out of my house. (rats squeaking) (sighs) Tess : NYPD! Stop! (panting) You take another step and I shoot! Turn around. Please... Okay, you don't understand. Turn around! (panting) You need to go. (panting, low growling) Go! (groaning) No! No! No... Okay. It's okay. It's okay; you're gonna be okay. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 