Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x17 - Partners in Crime - Beauty and the Beast 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x17 - Partners in Crime https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=321&t=18799 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/30/13 11:52 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x17 - Partners in Crime 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Catherine : From the moment we met... 
 Vincent :  We knew our lives would never be the same. 
 He saved my life. 
 And she saved mine. 
 We're destined... 
 But we know it won't be easy. 
 Even though we have every  reason to stay apart... 
 We'll risk it all to be together. I am so in love with you. Previously on  Beauty & the Beast... Who are they? Tess : Garnett and Newell. They're here to help catch the vigilante. Catherine : Okay, so Joe's hired assassins. I got in contact with some people who will destroy this thing once and for all. Muirfield? What if the only way for all of us to be free is to give them what they want? And what's that? Me. I have a possible location for our killer. So much for the plan, we got to get out of here. (explosion) How many times did I tell you, I needed him brought to me before the rest of the team got to him? (labored breathing) No, no! No. Okay, it's okay. It's okay, you're gonna be okay. (gasping) He was about to attack me, cuff him. Tess, Tess, you need to put your gun down. He needs help. (light growling) What is happening? He's changing. Okay, call an ambulance. No ambulance. Get my bag. Cat, stand back! Stop moving. It's okay, I know him and he's not going to hurt us, all right? Vincent, what do you need? Vincent? The knife in the front pocket. Is that Vincent Zalanski that you've been dating? That's the serial killer we've been looking for? What do you need? You are not giving him a knife right now! What do you need it for? I'm gonna dig the bullet out. What? Just give it here, give it to me. Catherine, put the weapon down, now! Tess, he just needs to get the bullet out. (gasping) You're acting as an accessory. Stand up, walk backwards with your hands in the air. Do what she says. No, Tess, he is not a serial killer, please. Precinct 125, it's Vargas, I need backup. Do you copy, do you copy? Please don't do this! (static crackling) Tess! Tess! Go get her. She will tell everyone! Go! I'll be fine. Go! Go now! (breathing heavily) Tess, he's not a killer! Tess, wait! (grunting) Tess, wait. Tess! Help! (grunts) I'm sorry, please! Please, come on, come on. Just wait, just wait. Help! Help! You got to listen to us, okay? Tess. Get off. Tess, it's okay, he's not gonna hurt you. How did you get here? I heal quickly, okay? He was an... Help! Hey! Hey! Help! (bites finger, Vincent yells) Oh, my God, Vincent. Vincent, just... He... There was an experiment. Vincent, he was a soldier, they changed his DNA, they turned him into this, and now they're trying to kill him. (muffled): Good! No one can know... (clicking) What did you do? (gasping) I didn't do anything. Hey. JT? What, I didn't kill her, it's a tranq gun. You tranqued her? He bought us some time, okay? What do we do now? ♪ Beauty and the Beast 1x17 ♪ Partners in Crime 
Original Air Date on March 28, 2013 JT : We're already out of a home. I say we run, head to Canada now. Just leave her here? She's fine. She's not fine. You gave her the same dosage you give Vincent. She's half his size. Okay, her vitals are normal, she's okay. Can we not worry about her and maybe worry about us? They're going to be looking for her. No recent calls and she hasn't texted anyone where she was headed so we have a little time. And when she doesn't check back with work? I'll send an e-mail from her phone. JT : And then what? We can't keep her here indefinitely. We leave now, we get a head start before she exposes us. Your precinct, the FBI, oh, and Muirfield are all after us. JT, slow down, okay? No one is leaving yet. Catherine has her whole life here, not to mention her family. She stays here, she goes to jail, how's that help her family? Vincent : Maybe Tess needs a-a little time to adjust to the shock of seeing me like that, all right? You mean after the five years of psychotherapy she's gonna need for that simple adjustment? Okay, not to mention, she's a cop. She sees things black and white. It's her job to find the person who killed her boyfriend's brother, that's it. Vincent : Catherine, she's not just a cop, okay, she is your partner. Ex-partner. After spending four years in a squad car with you, she cares about you, okay? And even though this situation is a little gray, a partner is a partner. Okay, before we put all our faith in this charcoal partnership, I should probably mention that her other BFF, Evan, is now on Muirfield's payroll. What? You really know how to pick them. Vincent : Okay, look, a problem for another day. Look, given our options, I think you need to at least try and convince her that she needs to protect us in some way. In the meantime, we need to get my DNA samples to the morgue so Muirfield's new recruit can confirm that one of the bodies in the warehouse, was, in fact, me. I'm not leaving Tess. Fine, I'll do it. You're going to need this. What if I can't convince her? Then we run. Joe :  Anyone seen Vargas? Not since yesterday. Guess she never got the memo we caught the guy. It means she's doing her damn job. What about Chandler? No, I haven't seen her either. She's probably celebrating the takedown. Garnett : Yeah, congratulations, boss. Thanks, but why don't we wait for the DNA results and the body. I'm surprised to hear you say that, Joe. Considering I heard you just called a press conference. Easy, Lowan. I'm not going to go in there and say, "Got you suckers." But I got the AP, the  Post  and the  Times  hounding me. Okay, I'm just trying to control the rumor mill. How? All we know is Detective Chandler talked to some mystery CI at Rikers, who gave her the address of an abandoned building. Which somebody exploded the minute they found out we were descending. Seems like the actions of a wanted man to me. Actually, it all seems vague and convenient. What's going on, Gabe? This because we didn't bring him in alive? I'm not sure we got him at all. But if we did, yeah. See, I'm the ADA. I prefer to put a living human being on the stand. Well, you know I prefer to ask a living human being why he killed my baby brother. See, in this job, I put my personal agenda aside. But I get it, you want to be a tough guy, save the city. Better than being the guy with egg on his face because he implied something and was wrong. Good luck with that press conference. Catherine :  I don't even know where I should start. Muirfield or the vigilante stuff? Okay, maybe you should start with you and Tess. There is no me and Tess. She saw me tampering with evidence. She doesn't believe a word I say. She's probably burnt every picture of us, every birthday card. Okay, yes, you lied. And chased and drugged her. You didn't have a choice. Okay, I know you feel guilty about the lying, but in all honesty, it wasn't your secret to tell in the first place. I st-- I still lied. Even though I had good reasons, it... I didn't have a gun to my head. I made a choice to lie to her and she is never going to forgive me for that. Okay, our best shot at convincing her is to appeal to her as a cop. Tess has this amazing sense of justice. If I can show her that every crime that you've been involved in, it's been because you've been trying to save someone, then... Catherine, I've killed people, too. Okay, you said she's black and white. But it has never been with the intent to kill. It's always been with the intent to protect. And sometimes, you have to use the force necessary. That's not going to be gray to her. That's what we do as cops. She's going to get that. What-what-what are you doing? Wh-where are you going? I've got to go build a case. She's not going to believe me, so I have to get proof. And, I've got to e-mail work and say that she's-- I'm-- not feeling 100%. I came as soon as I heard you got him. How did you... Word travels. You know, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram. It was on Instagram? (scoffs) Kids today... Ah, I just figured... you know, we were once partners in this. Uh, thought I'd come by to see what this gnarly b*st*rd looks like. Oh! They all look pretty much the same: burnt. (laughs nervously) So, great, uh, what can I do? You want me to man the centrifuge? No, I've got the centrifuge under control. Okay. Wait, uh, before you turn it on I think we should pray. Or-or bet. More fun. Come on. Let's see what these suckers look like. I've got people waiting for the results. Let them wait. For once, us scientists have the power. Savor it. Let's see which body is our creature, one, two, three or four? Just don't touch the test tubes. Catherine : Evan, hey. Hey. Uh, Detective Chandler. Professor Forbes. I'm, uh, Dr. Marks' colleague. I'm just so excited it's here. So, we got our guy? Uh, we're not sure yet. I've had some interruptions. But, he wouldn't let me near the test tubes. You don't have to worry about him, he's a real rule follower. That's not what I hear. Can I talk to you for a second? Sure. Don't touch anything. Catherine : So, I know that you're keeping a file on everything related to that and I was wondering if I could take it? Just for the day? Cat, I'm not planning to go ahead with any of the cross-species aspect... No, no, neither am I. Evan : All everyone needs to know is whether the DNA matches the previous cases. Yeah, I just want to refresh my memory on all the details of the crimes so I can write my report. Unless, there's some other reason that you want to hold onto it. Nope. Um, just, I need it back. Just for my private research. Okay. Joe :  Chandler. Joe, hey, yeah, just in a rush. Where the hell you been? Uh, working on the case. Ah, then you'll be prepped. For what? You know, this really isn't the best time. Tell them that. Woman : Is the city safe? Detective Chandler? Man : Detective Chandler? Can you confirm that you caught the vigilante? Woman : Do you have more detail on the killing? Man : Detective Chandler? Man : Lieutenant? Woman : Is it true that there were multiple victims at the scene? Man : Can you tell us anything else about the killer? Here's some water. (gasps) It's okay. I'm not gonna hurt you, okay? I just... I just want to talk. Well, we took your gun. Just... just for now, okay? Just so no one gets hurt. Cat. Where's Catherine? She's gone to the precinct, all right, but she is on her way back, and she will explain... Look, I told work exactly where I was going. They'll find me. Do you remember Catherine trying to tell you about, um, some experiments? Oh, yeah, well, while you were assaulting me, I do. You can add that to your rap sheet, by the way. You know, what she didn't get to tell you is that... (sighs) ...the organization that made me the way that you saw, um, know they screwed up. They killed my entire unit just to cover this up, and they will do the same to me, or anyone who knows about me. Okay, that's the reason why she didn't tell you. Or maybe she didn't tell me 'cause she was harboring a serial killer. I'm not a serial... What? You're just a killer of a series of people? I had to let my whole family, anyone who's ever known me, believe I'm dead, killed in battle in Afghanistan. All right, not telling you was for your own safety. That is all. We found prints of a dead guy, a dead vet, on an old crime scene. Murdered fashion editor. That was you. I did some CPR on her. That was almost a year ago. She's been lying to me since then? And it has been killing her, okay? Believe me. She is only doing this to... What, protect me? I got that. Thanks. And with friends like that, who needs serial killers? Though, apparently, she likes to date them. Maybe we should just wait until Catherine gets back. I'll take that as a yes. Man :  For Detective Chandler-- your big tip from Rikers--  did he tell you anything about this killer? As I said before, I'm not able to disclose any details at this time. What about the informant? Any information on that? Ladies and gentlemen, we've told you everything we know. And although we remain optimistic we've caught our guy, the NYPD urges you to remain cautious and vigilant. We will update you with any new developments. Thank you very much. (overlapping shouting) Detective Chandler? You were appropriately vague up there. But off the record, uh, the questions that reporter was asking-- can you answer any of them? Some, but I really need to go. Which ones? The ones that got us into the warehouse and broke the case. You could have been a lawyer. So you think we got the right guy? Yes. Right. It was your tip. You're biased. What about Vargas? What about Vargas? What's she think? I don't know. She's, uh... she's not my partner anymore, so... So you're not worried about her? Why would I be worried? Forensics aren't in yet. There could still be the killer out there, and far as we know, she was following up on a lead. She e-mailed Joe. She said she wasn't feeling well. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. She's so sick, she can't answer my phone calls. You know, I think I'll send Garnett and Newell by her place, just to make sure. Okay, you know what? I will go. Since you are worried, I'll go. Thought you had someplace you had to be? You know, she was my partner, and I've got a key. I'll come with. Uh, you don't... you don't need to do that. I'm sure you have plenty of things that... Oh, I do, but nothing more important than making sure one of our detectives is accounted for. You drive. Okay. Maybe she ditched us both. No, no. She is coming. Look, I had faith in her, too. Look where I ended up. So, what do you think she gets out of this relationship? 'Cause I mean, it's not the great digs, and it's not career advancement. She's facing jail time. So what am I missing? I don't know. You know, I tried pushing her away. Oh. The hard-to-get thing? Yeah, it's appealing at first, but you get past it. So what? You know, maybe I'm not all that bad. Okay, look, maybe we should use this time to get to know each other. You know, you and I-- we actually... we have a lot in common. No, we do. Um, I'm-I'm from a family of firefighters, and Catherine told me that you're from a long line of cops. And you got a lot of brothers. Yeah, uh... I-I, um, I had two. They, uh... they, uh... they died in the Towers. You're playing the sympathy card? No, I'm just playing the cards I was dealt. You know, the other thing that we got in common? We both care about Catherine deeply. Look, I know you're furious at her right now, but look, here you are-- yes, held against your will-- but, you know, you're still trying to understand her, and understand the choice she made in being with me. And I'm still at a loss. I know, um... but maybe you could just try and... hear her out when, uh... when she explains this to you. You're hungry, huh? What? I can hear your stomach. I just... I can tell. Yeah, I guess I am. We, uh, got some granola bars. You want one? Yeah, I'm pretty thirsty, too. (Vincent groans) (panting) (groaning) (panting) Oh, God! Listen, listen! It's okay. All right, we... we could have run. We could have been long gone. But Catherine refused to leave you behind. I swear, you're going to have to kill me before I let you keep me trapped down here any longer! Look, you turn her in, you will completely destroy her. All right, her career, her entire life. Listen, I am not asking you to protect me, so before you do anything, you need to talk to her. Tess, you're not just a cop, okay? You are her friend. So please, find her and talk to her. Okay. I'm letting you go now. How long has it been? It'll ding when it's ready. (buzzing) That was a buzz, not a ding. Is that a...? No. But speaking of, they're gonna be pretty angry if one of those bodies isn't... it, aren't they? It's not who I'm worried about. It's not? So, then...? Remember that woman I told you about? Oh, yeah, uh... Katie...? Catherine, who walked in here before. That's who just texted me for the result. She's actually the one that broke the case, remember? Wait. You have a thing for her. What? I mean, I knew you joined the evil arches for her, but I didn't realize it was because... Because she was in danger. Oh, dude, you should  so  not go there. You work together. No, I'm not going anywhere. Since when have you been concerned about my love life? I'm not, I'm... concerned about your  life  life. (scoffs) You know, now that you're in the grips of..."M." But just curious-- what happens if she doesn't reciprocate? There's nothing  to  reciprocate. It's just, you've done all this for her. I don't want you going all postal. (beeping) (trilling) Oh, my God. 
 
 (distant siren blaring, horn honking) Gabe : There's no trace of her. (phone ringing) What are you doing with Tess' phone? Oh, I found it here. You've been doing this long enough to know you find a missing person's cell... She's not a missing person. You think foul play, you tell your partner you have a lead. Oh, I didn't realize you were my partner. I'm not, but I am starting to think that you're hiding something. I'm starting to think the same thing. An ADA going on a ride-along? That's uniform cop stuff. Why are you so focused on Vargas? What's your agenda? I have a personal investment in this particular case. Care to elaborate? No. That's even vaguer than my answers at the press conference. Thing is, my situation with Tess-- it's personal, too, and it certainly doesn't require the attention of an ADA. It's between me and my best friend. Best friend? Really? I thought you said that you weren't partners anymore. I was wrong. (phone plays tune) (sighs) And apparently, so were you. Forensics are back. We got our guy. There's no longer a killer out there. Really? You seem disappointed. I am. I wanted to meet him face-to-face. But, hey, at least we know he hasn't hurt your best friend. I'll call a car service. I'll let you know when I find her. Oh, my God. Tess. What are you doing here? I, um... Were you in my apartment? Long story. I went to get some files from the morgue, and... Oh, yeah, right. Your monster boyfriend told me you're going to explain everything away. Okay, obviously, I... How you lied to me for a year, drugged me, held me hostage. I am sorry that I left you down there. And for what? So you could hide out with your sociopathic boyfriend? He is not a sociopath. Okay. Okay, look, I am not proud of what I have done... but these files, they are all cases that Vincent's been involved in. I don't want to look at cases... Tess, it goes all the way back to my mother. He was there that night in the woods. That... beast I thought I saw then, that was him. And that case we had with the dead guy's prints... That one I figured out. He tried to save her. Just like he saved me and Evan. Every time he's been involved, it's been because he is trying to do the right thing. Except he killed Joe's brother. Who was about to shoot Heather. Darius's prints were on the gun. You know what? You can prove that in court. You can't be judge and jury while Vincent goes out and plays executioner. They are hunting him, Tess. That doesn't put you above the law. I knew that you would see it that way, and I get it. That's part of why I never told you. Because... you are black and white, and this... So this is  my  fault? No. No. This is my fault. Especially leaving you alone in those tunnels. That's what you're focused on? After seeing those pictures of us in your apartment... yeah. Everything else, it just seems like this impossible situation, and I don't know what I would have done differently, but... leaving my... leaving my best friend to wake up, scared and alone in a tunnel? I am so sorry. And after doing that, I... I can't believe that I have to ask you to be my friend and... trust me that the person that I have fallen in love with, he... he isn't a monster. He isn't. The world is a better, safer place with him in it. (exhales) Maybe for you. And I might have pictures up, but... I can't be your friend, not after what's happened. You  have  to turn Vincent in. Tess... Look... your boyfriend asked me not to ruin your life, and I won't. I'll cover for you. But only if you turn him in. Okay, I won't lie to you anymore. I can't do that. Wow. (sniffles) I am so sorry. Yeah. Your phone. (sighs) (car door closes, engine start) (sighs) (dialing) (sighs) Hey, yeah, it's Vargas calling for Joe. (sighs) Well, I need Garnett and Newell to come meet me. We caught the wrong guy. (electronic tones sound) (beep) She was at the morgue two and half hours ago, so where is she? I don't know. She's probably still talking to Tess, okay? She was supposed to talk to her down here, with you. Okay, we've got to go. Tess is turning us in. Wha...? Well, did she talk to you? Great. D-Didn't she come and see you? I knew it. Kind of. It's not important right now. Did you show her the files on me? You were right-- cop angle didn't work, but neither did the friendship one. There's a shocker. Can't believe you let her go because you didn't bother to show up! He doesn't know how to make small talk. JT, it's not the time to point fingers right now, okay? You're the only one they're not looking for. Go get the car and meet us at the northeast entrance. We'll meet you there. We finally convince them you're dead, and now you two screw it up. You afraid of the dark? You want me to hold your hand? I'm more afraid of how trigger-happy you two are. Listen, Chandler could be down here looking for this guy, so don't just shoot at anything that moves. Vargas, for once try not to be such a damn Girl Scout. (gunshot booms) Tess : Guys! Whoo! What did I just say? Hope the rat doesn't file a complaint. Garnett : Yeah. Tess : What is that? Oh, you see something that you like, Vargas? Never seen a cattle prod before? No, I'm just surprised you brought one down here. You told us the guy was dangerous; we came prepared. Yeah, but I didn't say he was some kind of animal. What? What do you guys know? Why don't you just leave this to us, all right? No way. Not if Chandler's down here. Look, there's a little more going on here than you know. What does that mean? Who are you guys? No one. Hang... back. I'm not hanging anywhere. You're not following NYPD protocol. (grunting) (men groaning) (door rattling) (frustrated grunt) (gunshot) (Tess grunts) Garnett : What the hell was that? You're the one that shot her! Yeah, after you started messing with her. Look, she's dead, so she's not reporting us. Lowan knows we're down here-- they find her body, he'll cover for us. (grunting, gasping) Vincent :  What exactly  did Tess say? She said she's turning us in. What, even you? Yes. You're lying. Fine, Tess said she'd cover for me  if  I turned you in, which... which I am obviously not gonna do, so... They're after me, not you. Head back to Tess and tell her that you will turn me in. What? No. By that time I will be long gone. Catherine, she's giving you a choice. Okay, she's willing to protect you still. This way you will get your friendship and your career back. You are not leaving me. I am the reason why we're in this stupid situation. (laughs): So am I. If it wasn't for me, you and... you and JT would be in the Yukon Territories by now. Vincent, this whole time you've been saying that... partners need to be there for each other. You, you are my partner. Come on. I've already lost one today, I will not lose another. Someone's coming. Come on. (gasping breaths) (screaming): Help! Help! They're cops. Okay, I'm gonna draw them out, and you sneak past, okay? Okay. Newell : There he is! There he is! (gunshot) Hey, we need him alive. (grunting) (cattle prod zapping) (grunting) (screaming): Hey! (screaming): Help! (snorting, snarling) (cattle prod zapping) (growls) (grunts, gasps) (cattle prod zapping) (grunts) (grunting) (growling) (cattle prod zaps) (gasping breaths) (cattle prod zaps) (grunts) (gasping breath) (cattle prod zaps) (grunts, laughs) (zapping) (grunting) (continues grunting) (grunting) (grunting stops) (Catherine exhales) (gasping breath) Tess : Can anyone hear me?! (snorting exhale) You okay? (exhales) (breathing heavily) You? Except for two dead cops. I don't think they were just cops. (chuckles) (sighs) Okay, we got to get out of here. Wait, wait, wait. What about Tess? She is the only one who knew we were down here, so she must have told them-- but where is she? Still worried about her even after she turned us in. I'm not gonna leave until we find her. Okay. Uh, we're gonna have to split up. (grunting) Tess! (gasping) (shouts indistinctly) Tess? (gasps) (muffled grunts) Tess? (muffled): Grab my hand! Hold the grate! (strained grunting) (gasping) (snarls, growls) (growls) (metal creaking) (growls) (clatters) Come on. Grab my hand, come on. You got it. (gasping) You got it, come on, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, come on. Come on, come on. (coughs) It's okay, it's okay, it's okay, you're safe now. (panting) You okay? How did you know I was...? It was Catherine. (Tess coughs) Oh, my God, oh, my God. (panting) (sobbing): I'm so sorry. Catherine : No, it's okay. God, I think I need a tetanus shot after that. How about some bourbon? That, too. ♪ Take my hand and I will pull you through... ♪ Are you okay? What, you mean now that I'm living in a world of gray? I didn't mean what I said before about you always being black and white. Uh, because I'm not. I'm sleeping with my married boss. Right. But I get why you didn't tell me. ♪ Oh, honey, take it easy... I guess I just have a lot of questions. I will try to answer whatever I can. Has he ever hurt anyone who was innocent? No... not since Afghanistan. What else? Has he ever hurt you? No. Tess, no. Do you kiss him when he's like that? (both laugh) Not when he's fully like that but somewhere in between. (laughing): Okay. World really is gray with you, hmm? I've missed you. I've missed you, too. (phone ringing) ♪ Feel my reach... It's Joe. What are you gonna tell him? That you saved my life. Tess, it's going to be more complicated than that. Let's just take it one phone call at a time. ♪ Feel my reach... Hey. No, yeah, it was a false alarm, so it was a good thing I couldn't get a hold of you. Garnett and Newell, but, uh... they never showed up. You questioned my people, and then the guys you hand-selected didn't even bother to show up. What are you talking about? Garnett and Newell. Vargas asked them to back her up, and they never came. She was down in the sewers alone, fell into some storm drain. What was she doing in the sewers? Doesn't matter. The point is, she could have drowned. Luckily Chandler went looking for her. Look, I don't know what to say except you're right, they are my guys, and I will handle them, and you will never have to see their faces again. ♪ It's still alive. Hey. Congratulations. Oh, hey. "Oh, hey"? That's it? This is big. The streets are safe, you're done with "M." You, you are done with "M," right? Yeah, right. So why the long face? Let's just say, you're not the person I want to be sharing a beer with right now. No offense. Oh, no, not the coworker. This is your fault, okay? Until you brought it up, I was perfectly happy just focusing on DNA, but you're right... I did all this for her. No, no, I-I'm a terrible judge of these things. Y-You need to take a beat and... I don't want to take a beat, okay? I sit here every day, confronted with death. JT, life is short. I want to tell her. No, no, no. Life is not short. It's very long, especially now that you got your-- our  creature. Hand me a beer. So you're not going to tell her, right? (scoffs) ("Stay with Me" by Daniel featuring Brie Stoner playing) You just said you're a terrible judge of these things. ♪ Stay with me in this moment... ♪ Tess told Joe that Garnett and Newell never showed, so they have been fired. Right, well, if anyone goes looking, JT and I made sure they won't find them. ♪ When your eyes close, when your mind goes... ♪ So Tess covered, huh? Yeah. Yeah, well, I hate to say it, but, uh... I told you so. You don't hate to say it, I can tell. Yeah, well, it's nice to be right once in a while. You weren't right down in the tunnels. What, by letting Tess go? No, I'm, I'm talking about when you wanted to run off and leave me. It was so you could have your life back. Okay. You  are  my life. At least you're a huge part of it. But whenever there's some jeopardy, that's your go-to. (sighs) And I know... I know it's because you want to protect me. ♪ This bursting storm cloud But I'm in this. ♪ Stay with me in this wormhole ♪ So next time, when we go over the options of what we're going to do... running away from me isn't one of them. ♪ When the world is running out of time ♪ That's not what partners do... and I learned that from you. ♪ There are so many worlds ♪ 
♪ Just one but many worlds... (sighs) But right now I got to go and find my other partner. (chuckles) See where we're gonna put all our stuff. Tess' apartment? (both chuckle) ♪ Inside this emptiness ♪ 
♪ This gaping emptiness ♪ 
♪ This gaping world that I came to ♪ 
♪ Because of you ♪ 
♪ Oh, don't go, don't go ♪ 
♪ Stay with me in this moment ♪ 
♪ In this moment ♪ 
♪ Stay with me in this moment ♪ 
♪ In this moment... Bye. Bye. ♪ In this moment ♪ 
♪ Stay with me in this moment... ♪ (grunts) (panting) ♪ Don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go ♪ 
♪ No, don't go, no ♪ 
♪ Don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go ♪ 
♪ No, don't go, no ♪ 
♪ Don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go ♪ 
♪ No, don't go, no. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 