Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x09 - The Interview - The Art of More 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x09 - The Interview https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=501&t=24120 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/04/15 23:15 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x09 - The Interview 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "The Art of More". 
 Do you recognize this man? 
 The feds are looking for Hassan. 
 The NYPD's looking for all of us, and the Russians are looking for revenge. 
 You think you are saving us? 
 The only reason you are still alive is because of me. 
 You lied, and told ArtSnitch that the Brukner collection included stolen items. 
 Brukner is over next week. 
 Without him, you have no life left here. 
 Roxanna Whitman knows how to take care of herself. 
 Everything she does, anyone she does, I wanna know about it. 
 My father just might come to his senses and give the company to me, and then you will be out on your ass. 
 (alarm sounds) 
 Master Jeffries! Master Jeffries, are you here? Master Jeffries? Master Jeffries. 
 (cough) 
 (groans) 
 Oh, oh! 
 (strains) 
 Can you crawl out, sir? 
 On your feet. 
 (coughing) 
 (explosion) 
 Kaboom! 
 That Nazi bomb landed smack dab in the middle of the house. 
 Destroyed everything. 
 Geez. 
 And, Hodgkiss, that speedy little crumpet-stuffer, was able to get himself and Jeffries down to the basement in time. 
 Oh, that's good. What about the painting? 
 Ah, that turned out to be his reward, as well as his severance pay. 
 'Cause you see, when your estate is blown up in a war, you really don't have that much need for a butler anymore, and so Hodgkiss was out of a job. 
 Have you verified that? 
 First I've heard of it. 
 Just to make ends meet. 
 And that's how my father got his hands on "The Card Players." 
 Well, they say, "Every picture tells a story," but... (chuckles) not as well as Samuel Brukner. I'll tell you that. 
 Storytelling is genetic in my family. 
 I get that from my father, too. 
 Well, how about that? A silver tongue and a $100 million painting. 
 And high blood pressure, which is under control, but, uh, two out of three ain't bad. 
 No, it certainly is not. 
 Well, you know, we could go back and forth here all night, but, um, I'm gonna have to ask you to be direct with me right now. 
 You see, the people... they wanna know if you're gonna be running for governor in this next election. 
 You had to ask. 
 I thought I was here to talk about my charity auction. 
 Everybody knows about the auction and your generosity, and that's amazing. But... you gotta spare us the suspense here, Sam. 
 Are you gonna be running or not? 
 Yes. 
 An exploratory committee has been formed just for that purpose. 
 (chuckles) 
 Well, there you have it, folks. 
 Official confirmation. 
 You know, this is a journey. 
 It's a journey that started when my parents first came to this country. 
 They hardly spoke English. 
 They didn't have a nickel. 
 All they had was that painting, which was worth nothing at the time, and a hope for the future. 
 And they worked hard, and they made a life for themselves. 
 And that's what I want. For every man, woman, and child in this country to be able to do just that. 
 Work hard, prosper. 
 They say, "The American dream is dead." 
 I do not believe that for a second. 
 I am a living example of it. 
 We just gotta get government off of people's backs, so that people can go out there and get it. 
 Look at that painting. It was bought for pennies. 
 Now, it's worth millions. 
 Doesn't everybody deserve a story like that? 
 Absolutely. 
 Thanks so much, Sam. 
 You lucky b*st*rd. 
 (laughs) 
 You got it out of me. You got it first. 
 We'll be right back. 
 (applause) 
 Now, I'm a numbers guy. 
 And you know why? 
 Numbers don't lie, and if you look at the statistics right here in the state of Indiana, you can clearly see that as the percentage of non-white residents and illegal aliens goes up, so does foreclosures, so does violent crime, so does the debt ratio. 
 And you don't have to be a rocket scientist to see a correlation. 
 And not only that, but... a lot of these people, they're on welfare, which means they have all day long to go down to the local library, use a tax-funded computer to concoct ways to get more money out of people who actually have to work for a living. 
 Now, I don't care if you're black, brown, purple, yellow... whatever you are, as long as you contribute as much to society as you take out. 
 A lot of these illegals, all they know how to do is take. 
 Look... 
 I just said all that sh1t because that's what all those turd-knockers in Fort Wayne wanted to hear. 
 I understand that, but what you... 
 And it's six years old. 
 It's not like I'm running for the governor of Indiana. Jesus. 
 Sam, people don't know you yet. 
 They see this, they think this is you now, not six years ago. 
 But that never was me. 
 All I was doing was trying to get a few real estate contracts. 
 Which is why you've gotta stay in front of this, so that there's no collateral damage. 
 And how do I do that, Grant? 
 How do I do that? I can't deny it. 
 There's the video right there. 
 All right. This is what you're gonna do. 
 You're gonna hit the press. 
 You're gonna say you regret your choice of words, and that your views have changed. 
 Then you're gonna remind everyone what you've done for minorities. 
 Well, my first wife was Mexican... 
 Half-Mexican. Does that count? 
 Then you'll rattle off all your other contributions to society, and in 24 hours it'll be water under the bridge. 
 Does this affect the auction? 
 The estimates are holding steady. 
 The risk is about your reputation and your political aspirations. 
 (grunts) 
 I need a drink. 
 Does he really believe that sh1t? 
 He better not. My grandparents are undocumented. 
 Sam : Hey, look at me. I'm drinking tequila. 
 Adonde esta la biblioteca? 
 How multicultural can I get? Huh? 
 Tough room. 
 Look, here's the deal. 
 I'm not apologizing for sh1t. 
 It'll make me look weak. 
 Then the media's gonna start digging and digging and finding all this mud and slinging it at me, and then it'll never stop. 
 What else is out there, Sam? 
 Well, how the hell do I know? 
 Look, you don't build an empire like mine and not make a few enemies. 
 But I will tell you this. 
 I am not going to start a campaign on my knees. 
 All right. What do you wanna do instead? 
 We just keep up the media blitz... 
 The auction, the hospital, all those people that I'm helping, and then you're gonna go out, and you're gonna find that little weasel that uploaded that video. 
 Okay. 
 If you're happy with the new press release, I'd like to get it out. 
 You know, the Vermeer came out so great. 
 I'm thinking we do one more. 
 A Gauguin, maybe. 
 Absolutely not. We agreed. 
 No, hold on. That was before we saw how perfect they both were. 
 Your authentications team didn't even have a hint of suspicion. 
 We would be crazy not to take advantage of that. 
 We'd be crazy to push our luck. 
 Well, you just think about it. 
 I don't need to think about it. 
 (sigh) 
 Don't you think... your number one priority... should be making me happy? 
 You're a part of this. 
 That was... 
 The money that went to Strauss came from your personal account. 
 You met with him, too. 
 He's old. He might die. 
 That isn't funny. 
 And what about your end of the deal? 
 I'm still waiting for your Aunt to officially drop the lawsuit. 
 Mmm. Yeah, I'll call her. 
 We should talk this over tonight at dinner. 
 I'll be back at 8:00. 
 (whispers) Wear something sexy. 
 (sigh) 
 How goes damage control? 
 I've been on with the buyers, our P.R. team, and some of the trade reporters that are sympathetic to us. 
 I'm trying to keep everyone's focus on the collection. 
 Brukner's statements were from several years ago. 
 They don't reflect who he is now, and they certainly should have no bearing on the value of the art work. 
 Still, people may not want to put money into his pockets right now. 
 Yeah, but it's not his pockets. 
 It's all going to build the hospital wing, and I'm heading that, too. 
 The estimates are off a little since the video leaked, but I'm sure we can turn that around. 
 You obviously haven't checked your email recently. 
 ArtSnitch... released this an hour ago. 
 Now, everybody's jumping on it. Look. 
 I've never been one to back off a story, and after that man came to threaten me, uh, "smash my face in with an ash tray" were his exact words, I knew there had to be more to the Brukner story than just some stolen art. 
 So I kept digging, and I found this. 
 Email correspondence between Mr. Brukner and Councilman Dorch laying out a quid pro quo deal in which Mr. Brukner would fund the new hospital wing in Dorch's district, in exchange for zoning variances on two of Mr. Brukner's real estate projects. 
 All these details are posted to my blog, and I'll continue posting updates. 
 So keep following me at ArtSnitch.com. 
 (phone vibrates) 
 It's Brukner. 
 Go ahead. 
 I thought you fixed this guy's wagon months ago. 
 I did. 
 So it is the same little shithead who linked the Indiana video. 
 You pissed him off. Now, he's out for vengeance. 
 Is the councilman story true? 
 It doesn't matter if it's true. It's out there. 
 Grant says that I am down five points in the polls in the last hour, and now I'm looking at the auction tracking boards and they're down 10%. 
 That's just an initial knee-jerk reaction. 
 It'll be fine by tomorrow. 
 No! There is no tomorrow! Screw tomorrow! 
 I want you on this, now! 
 Graham! 
 Let me call you back. 
 Check with legal. 
 Make sure there's nothing in these allegations that can be connected back to us. 
 On it. 
 Sir. 
 Do you know anything about this? 
 Nothing. Shall I call him back? 
 Make sure he doesn't get us any more involved. 
 Sir. 
 Yeah, I'll be there in 20 minutes, Sam. 
 (phone vibrates) 
 What is it, Ma? 
 There's some people here looking for you. 
 They say it's very important. 
 You made it from the city that fast? 
 We appreciate you rushing over. 
 Let's go somewhere and talk. 
 I'd like to finish my tea. 
 Uh, well, I'll leave you to your business. 
 That's all right, Mrs. Connor. 
 Please stay. 
 But I'd just be in the way. 
 So... No, no. Not at all. 
 Ma, I got this. Go ahead. 
 Don't be so rude, Graham. 
 In my country, we respect our parents. 
 We don't ask them to go to the other room. 
 We're not in your country. 
 Uh, look, I got a lot of work to do anyway, so... 
 We'll only be a moment. 
 We just came by to pick up some paperwork from Graham... 
 A chain of title for a very important sale. 
 That won't be a problem, will it, Graham? 
 Or we could come back later and pick it up if that's more convenient. 
 That won't be necessary. 
 I'll bring it to your office. 
 By tomorrow. 
 Yeah. 
 Excellent. 
 Then we'll be on our way. 
 It was a pleasure to meet you, Mrs. Connor. 
 We hope to see you again. 
 What the hell was that all about? 
 Just give me a sec. 
 My family's house! They showed up at my family's goddamn house! 
 I told you not to make trouble, Tommy. 
 This is all on you. 
 You give them the chain of title, or you deal with the consequences yourself. 
 As long as you give back to society as much as you take out, that's fine. 
 But a lot of these illegals, all they know how to do is take. 
 Utterly reprehensible. 
 And do you know who his best friend is? 
 No. Who? 
 Graham Connor. 
 Graham is his account executive. 
 I would hardly call them best friends. 
 Mmm, I'd call them partners in crime. 
 What? 
 Brukner is a crook, and so is Graham. Isn't he? 
 No, he's not. 
 Oh, Arthur, please. I've heard you arguing on the phone with him about antiquities... 
 Those are private conversations, Silas. 
 You wanna keep secrets, fine. 
 But I can't be a part of anything like that. 
 It's more complicated than you think. 
 No, it's not. 
 Arthur, you're putting everything at risk... including us. 
 You just wanna make sure I'm around to sponsor your show in Miami. Is that it? 
 I wanna make sure... that you're in my life for a long time to come. 
 You worry too much. 
 Mr. Rosen, Graham Connor. 
 I'm just confirming your reserved seats for the Brukner auction. 
 Yeah, I know you've seen the stories. 
 It made my skin crawl, too. 
 Hi. Graham Connor. 
 I'm very well. How are you? 
 I know. It's disgusting. It's horrible. 
 But I think this could work in your favor. 
 I think he should be punished, too, eventually, but first we have to deal with this auction. 
 Well, we still consider this the auction of the decade. 
 We mustn't forget that the proceeds go to help sick children. 
 And... and the proceeds go to help sick children. 
 The proceeds do go to help sick children. 
 It's a good cause. 
 You agree with him? 
 I see. 
 Graham. 
 Yeah, okay. I'll call you back. 
 Hey. 
 Hey. 
 Ah, you get lost? 
 DeGraaf's is another ten blocks from here. 
 Actually, I'm here to see you. 
 So you can rub the Brukner disaster in my face? 
 Walk with me? 
 Yeah, fine. 
 I could use some air. 
 So, you gonna make a play for Brukner now? 
 Is that what you think? 
 That's the smart move. 
 I have bigger problems than trying to steal Brukner. 
 Swift? 
 That offer you made... 
 I was joking. 
 Yeah, well, I wasn't. 
 What's really going on with him? 
 You don't break a guy's legs 'cause he's going to pull his account. 
 He's dangerous. 
 Well, then tell the police. 
 (sigh) 
 You can't can you? 
 Why? 
 You want to tell me about all your skeletons? 
 I don't have any. 
 Neither do I. 
 Great. Then call the police. 
 I need your help, Graham. 
 Isn't that enough? 
 There are guys you can hire for that. 
 I don't trust anyone else. 
 But you trust me? 
 You have as much to lose as I do. 
 That's why the best thing we can do is forget about this. 
 I'm sorry. 
 I can't take any more chances, and neither can you. 
 Whoa, damn. 
 Like riding a bike... only easier. 
 Hey, you get off work early or something? 
 No. They cut my hours. I'm down to 20 a week. 
 Ah sh1t. I'm sorry, man. 
 Well, listen, let me know if you need some money. 
 Yeah. 
 I found that stash in that shoebox in your room. 
 What? You been going through my stuff? 
 I found a Beretta and a Glock, too. 
 Cash, guns, sudden move to a new apartment. 
 You want to tell me what's going on? 
 I don't want to involve you. 
 Maybe I can help. 
 Hey, we went through a war together, man. 
 Yeah. Which is why I'm not going to drag you into it. 
 How else do you really know somebody's got your back? 
 You going to tell me what's up, or not? 
 Put your ears on. 
 That's all I'm saying, Mr. Donatello. 
 An auction is about the collection, not the collector. 
 I'll resend the link to the pre-bid registration, and just consider it. Okay? 
 Thank you. Thanks. 
 How goes spin control? 
 Eh... so far so good. 
 The estimates have stopped dropping... until I find out Brukner ran a dog fighting ring or some sh1t. 
 Yeah, well, as offensive as he is, I still did my part. 
 What's this? 
 24 chain of title documents. 
 It's all the remaining Brukner lots. 
 Completely cross-checked and verified. 
 What? 
 Yeah, I worked on it all night. (chuckles) 
 Thank you... for doing this so quickly. 
 Yeah, you're welcome. 
 This is such a big help. Thank you. 
 For the record, I did it for you, not him. 
 (phone vibrates) 
 Wow, there is just no escaping him, is there? 
 Uh, Brukner? Nope. 
 I'm sorry. I know he's making your life hell right now. 
 I have a tried and true way to get your mind off this. 
 Weed and grilled cheese. (laughs) 
 I'd love to, but I... 
 I got to finish dealing with all this Brukner stuff. 
 Chain of titles. Thanks. 
 (sigh) 
 And what else? 
 Uh, nothing. I just... I got a lot of work to do. 
 What's going on with you? 
 What do you mean? 
 The closer we get, the more obvious your secrets are. 
 I'm doing my best. 
 Yeah, I know. And I just... I don't know why you won't let me in. 
 You're trying to make it in a world that I know pretty well. 
 I can help you. 
 Okay. Uh... 
 Okay, uh, come over around 9:00. 
 I'll make the grilled cheese, and you can smoke your weed. 
 (laughs) 
 Okay. 
 
 
 
 (phone vibrates) 
 And that is not from Brukner. 
 No. 
 No, it's a new client. 
 He's a pain in the ass. 
 I'll see you tonight. 
 These are the files. Make sure that's on my desk in about an hour. 
 You can practically hear Ed Mason's blood boiling. 
 You think they'll cut Brukner loose before the auction? 
 Nah, it's too big a payday, But if he's not happy with their spin job... 
 Do we have any reason to believe that? 
 I've heard rumblings. 
 Might be the perfect time for a move. 
 It would be a wonderful coup to go out on. 
 Go out? 
 (sigh) 
 I may seem ridiculously stubborn, but I do listen to my doctors on occasion. 
 Oh, Dad. 
 Nah, don't worry. I've still got tread on the tires. 
 But rather than let nature tell me when to leave, I'm going to do it on my own terms. 
 We keep quiet with this, though. 
 All right? 
 Do a gradual phase of operations over to you, Miles, and then we'll do an official announcement at the end of the year. 
 Mmm. 
 I'm here for you, 24/7. 
 Of course, of course. I have every confidence in you. 
 And I have every confidence that you will support Miles during the transition. 
 Give him your complete cooperation. 
 Of course. I'll do whatever it takes. 
 All right. 
 Well, let's start this next chapter with landing Brukner. 
 I will set up a meeting. 
 Uh, actually, I think I want Roxanna to take this one. 
 They have more of a personal relationship. 
 We don't want to come off as being opportunists, it's more like old friends just making sure he's being taken care of. 
 Does that make sense, sweetheart? 
 I think Miles should make the overture. 
 You do? 
 Sam and I aren't as close as we once were. 
 I think he might be more receptive to a new face. 
 All right. Miles it is. 
 (clears throat) 
 Dammit! 
 I'm sorry this is all coming out right now. 
 Ah, they're going to be on to talking about another story tomorrow, and I'm going to be on my way to Albany, so... 
 Anyway, it got us talking again, and that can't be all bad, now can it? 
 Has anyone contacted you regarding the city council deal? 
 Anyone official? 
 No. 
 Mmm. 
 And I would not tell them that that was your idea, even if they were to drag me naked across broken glass. 
 Huh? Forget about it. My lawyer, he tells me that whatever this blogger jerk-off has anyway, it's not even actionable. So you... I got nothing to worry about. 
 You got nothing worry about. 
 That's not what I hear. Word is the D.A. is looking in to it. 
 Ah. They're just trying to justify their paychecks. 
 It's fine. 
 Hey. 
 It's fine. 
 My father thinks you're back in play. 
 Well, I'm not. 
 If that changes, and he thinks that it will, Miles Hewitt will contact you. 
 When he does, I want you to shut him down. 
 What, and then give the account to you? 
 No. Humiliating Miles is enough. 
 Well, see, I thought that your big beef was with Graham. 
 We'll get to him. 
 Uh-huh. 
 Well, then... 
 I'm going to want something in return. 
 Sensitivity training? 
 (laughs) 
 That's good. 
 Um... 
 No. 
 I want you to marry me. 
 (chuckles) 
 Really? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 (chuckles) 
 What brought this on? 
 Besides my undying love and affection for you, it's the perfect time! 
 You're still hot. I'm still charming. 
 My political career is about to take off to the moon! 
 You seriously think your career is about to take off after what's happened this week? 
 Yeah, well, I'm gonna beat this. 
 You know me. 
 I do. 
 Water off a duck's ass. 
 So look, you avoiding me. 
 (laughs) 
 Come on over here. I wanna talk about us. 
 Okay, fine. So what would that make me, wife number three? 
 Um... four. 
 Technically, I'm still married to three. 
 (laughs) You're right. The timing is perfect. 
 Well... 
 Yeah. 
 Come on, Roxy. We can conquer the world together. 
 I just... I hate to see you waste all your talents on half-men like Swift. 
 Do you remember our brief time together? 
 Me neither. 
 Other than drugs, bickering, infidelity. 
 Which I have always regretted. 
 But... look, I am offering you fame... 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Status... security. 
 We'll fly to Vegas. 
 Yeah? What about my career? 
 Well, you can still... have your career sometimes. 
 W... Uh, I can set you up in anything. 
 M... Little shop business. What... 
 Hey. 
 Sober up, Sam. 
 I'm not drunk. 
 A little buzzed, but not drunk. Really. 
 (laughs) 
 The next time we see each other, let's pretend like this never happened. 
 Okay? 
 I really blew it with you, didn't I? 
 We both blew it... a long time ago. 
 Be good. 
 Hello. 
 Mr. Davenport. 
 Yes. 
 F.B.I. Special Agent Kramer. 
 So Troy told me. 
 Please, have a seat. 
 To what do I owe this wonderful surprise? 
 Well, you were on some of the lists provided to us by the large auction houses as a collector of Middle Eastern antiquities. 
 We've been looking for this man, and any possible associates he may have in the art world. 
 Recognize him? 
 I'm afraid not. 
 You recently put a large collection up for auction at Parke-Mason. 
 Yes. 
 Graham Connor was your account executive. 
 Is there a question there? 
 What do you know about him? 
 Well, besides reaping me a sizable payday... not much, I'm afraid. 
 Some of the items you auctioned, in particular the ones acquired overseas, appear to have a questionable provenance. 
 Yes, well, I've been known to make an impulse purchase or two during my travels abroad. 
 All from reputable dealers, I was assured. 
 May I have the chains of title for the antiquities of your current collection? 
 Yes. Yes, of course. 
 Uh... you should know that, um... record keeping is, uh... not my, uh... strong suit. 
 Here you go. 
 All the receipts, please. 
 Hm? 
 I could get a warrant if you'd prefer. 
 (chuckles) No. No, that won't be necessary. 
 I seem to have forgot one. 
 A Sumerian vase. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 That one? 
 Yes. 
 And why didn't you want me to see that? 
 Well, it's a fake. 
 I only found out when I got back to the States. 
 You see, Agent Kramer, I'm... 
 I'm known as an astute collector and an expert on antiquities. 
 And if word got around that I paid half a million for a fake, well, my reputation would be completely shot. 
 It'll be our secret. 
 Thank you. 
 What else can I help you with? 
 (car beeps) 
 Ma! 
 Tommy? 
 You hungry? 
 Thirsty. 
 So who were those men who came here? 
 Just people from work. 
 People from work usually show up at your mother's place in Brooklyn? 
 They're trying to close a deal. 
 Came out here to send me a message. 
 They won't take "No" for an answer. 
 I didn't know the art world was so... so rough. 
 Yeah. It can be... sometimes. 
 Mostly it's just a grind. 
 Try waiting tables. 
 You should take some time off. 
 Get away somewhere. 
 Sure. 
 I'll, uh... go to my summer house in the Hamptons. 
 I'm serious. 
 Go to the beach. 
 You and Ryan. 
 I'll get you a place for a week or two. 
 I'll come out myself this weekend. 
 What kind of trouble are you in? 
 Ma, I'm not in any trouble. I'm... I'm trying... 
 I'm trying to do something nice for you. 
 If you don't want to go, don't go. 
 You know I... I don't... I don't know why I thought you would ever change. 
 Ma... 
 (sighs) 
 It's the tequila that I use that really makes it. 
 It's like a testament to the contributions of a very rich Mexican culture. 
 Sam, you don't have to sell me on who you are. 
 Hey, I thought that you were here to sell me. 
 (chuckles) 
 You have shown remarkable grace in the face of these vicious attacks. 
 Sticks and stones. 
 This is a speed bump on the way to Albany and then Washington. 
 Cheers. 
 Well, I couldn't agree with you more. 
 Mm. 
 You know, I... I have to say, I don't think that your auction house handled the, uh, fallout as well as they could have. 
 Oh, really? How so? 
 Your account exec, Graham Connor, he seems to be trying to cut you loose to promote the auction as a... fire sale in the wake of your bad publicity. 
 Who told you that? 
 Several buyers that I know. 
 Connor's a slippery one. 
 I've had feelers out on him since day one... even before he started seeing my sister-in-law. 
 Hey, I got an idea. 
 Um, girls, why don't you, uh... go on up and turn on the Jacuzzi upstairs. 
 It's on the terrace. 
 Don't go. 
 Make it nice and cozy, okay? 
 Don't go. 
 Don't go. Don't go. 
 Miles like. 
 (sighs) 
 What'd you just say? What? 
 Connor and Roxanna, they're seeing each other. 
 I thought you knew that. 
 No. 
 I know they hate each other. 
 They were at each other's throats trying to get my account. 
 Well, I guess they found some common ground since then. 
 Yeah? How so? 
 My sister-in-law has a history of destructive behavior, so I keep pretty close tabs. 
 Her doorman is on my payroll, he alerts me to too many late nights or any male visitors. 
 When I heard Connor's name... he arrived at midnight, left at 8:00 in the morning. 
 You do the math. 
 Now, I'm sure it's mostly about s*x, but God knows what secrets they're sharing. 
 Frankly, Sam, you deserve better. 
 Now, I know it's close to the auction, but better to incur some costs now than make a huge mistake. 
 Don't you think? 
 (both grunting) 
 (grunts, breathes heavily) 
 You watch the house, you watch Ma. 
 You see either of these two guys... you let me know. 
 You don't do anything unless they make a move against her. 
 No, man. You don't have to do that. 
 Just take the money. 
 You're gonna earn it, believe me. 
 Ryan : Look, if they're threatening Ma, why not just take 'em out now? 
 I... I can call Miguel. 
 Leave Miguel out of this! I'm gonna handle it. 
 Until then, I need eyes out there all the time. 
 (phone vibrates) 
 Graham's voicemail : This is Graham Connor. I can't take your call right now. Please leave a message. 
 (beep) 
 Hey, it's me. Um, I'm still here working for your favorite client, but I hope I don't get done too late, seeing how I'd still really like to see you tonight. Um... okay, I'll talk to you later. Bye. 
 (atmospheric music plays) 
 ♪ It's in my blood ♪ 
♪ It's running through my veins ♪ 
♪ You're like a drug ♪ 
♪ That calls me by my name ♪ 
♪ And I can't get enough, so I keep walking ♪ 
♪ I can't get enough 'til your breath is my own ♪ 
♪ And you'll keep stealing it, for all I know ♪ 
♪ You're gonna be the death of me ♪ 
♪ You are the one, you are the one ♪ 
♪ You're taking me underneath ♪ 
♪ You are the one ♪ 
♪ You are the one ♪ 
♪ I could try to fight the tide ♪ 
♪ But it's gonna catch up in time ♪ 
♪ You're gonna be the death of me ♪ 
♪ The death of me, the death of me ♪ 
♪ You are the one ♪ 
♪ You are the one ♪ 
♪ You are the one ♪ 
♪ You're gonna be the death of me ♪ 
♪ You are ♪ 
♪ You're taking me underneath ♪ 
♪ You're gonna be the death of me ♪ 
♪ You are the one ♪ 
♪ You are the one ♪ 
♪ You're gonna be the death of me ♪ 
♪ The death of me ♪ 
♪ You are the one ♪ 
 Belinda, answer the phone. 
 Look, I know you got that meeting coming up. 
 Don't go. 
 Okay? Just... stay away from the sale. 
 ♪ You're gonna be the death of me ♪ 
 You win. 
 You wanted it over. 
 It's over. 
 After the sale of the jar, they want to divide what remains... and finally go our separate ways. 
 Are you serious? 
 They want out? 
 The attack by the Russians was a wake up call... for all of us. 
 Okay, good. Good. 
 We all meet here on Friday. After the sale. 
 At midnight. 
 Get it all done at once. 
 (speaking Arabic) 
 (door opens, closes) 
 (phone rings) 
 (phone clicks) 
 Roxanna, Ben. 
 I think I might have something. 
 No, not Swift. 
 Connor. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 