Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x06 - Ride Along - The Art of More 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x06 - Ride Along https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=501&t=24026 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 11/28/15 13:39 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x06 - Ride Along 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "The Art of More." 
 My son is very impulsive. 
 Make sure this is what you want. 
 My Great Aunt Francesca. 
 She's contesting the will. 
 The arts endowment was Mr. Swift's dying wish. 
 You manipulated a sick, old man. 
 Five items left. 
 We leave them here until things cool down. 
 If you're too afraid to move them, then go. We don't need you. 
 They're crazy and careless. They're gonna get us all killed. 
 I'm going to need help finding the easiest border checkpoint to get the shipment across. 
 Next question. 
 Yes. 
 In just a few days, you'll become the first American lady astronaut. 
 How does that make you feel? 
 Like every other astronaut. Comprehensively trained, totally prepared and completely confident. 
 Will the flight into space affect your reproductive organs? 
 Not as far as I know. 
 Your husband is also an astronaut. Did he give you any tips? 
 He has. And I've given him a few. 
 Hey. 
 I'm back. 
 You did great. I'm proud of you. 
 What did your family say when you first told them you wanted to be an astronaut? 
 "Will the flight into space affect your reproductive organs?" 
 Don't worry. 
 When they interview you after a successful mission, all the stupidity will go away. 
 Thank you for coming. 
 Houston, we have an auction! 
 (applause) 
 She was quite the trailblazer. 
 Frankly, I consider her something of a disappointment. 
 Had she not kept her sexual orientation a secret, who knows how much she could have advanced gay rights? 
 Unfortunately she lived in an era when openness was strongly discouraged. 
 I don't think that diminishes her accomplishments in any way. 
 Imagine keeping something secret for so long, something that affects you every day of your life. 
 And on top of that, to prepare to be shot into space? 
 I find her inspiring. 
 I guess you can only fight so many battles at one time. 
 Roxanna, may I speak with you a moment? 
 Excuse me. 
 Sure. 
 Parke-Mason is killing us in the press. 
 What are we doing about it? 
 We? 
 You. 
 Some key pieces from the Swift Collection are due back from the restorer soon. 
 We'll start the big PR push then. 
 I want details on my desk by the end of the day. 
 How you doing, Eric? 
 Hey. 
 Oh, hi. 
 Hey. I was just looking for you in Authentications. 
 Yeah. I needed a little change of scenery. 
 I thought you could use a little eye-opener. 
 Yeah, seeing how somebody kept me up pretty late the other night. 
 (laughing) 
 I didn't see you around yesterday. 
 Yeah. I uh, I was, I was running around all day. What did I miss? 
 Well, Daphne brought in donuts. 
 Ugh, of all the days to be out. 
 I know. 
 Graham... 
 Listen... 
 (both laugh) 
 No, you go. You go first. 
 Um... 
 I had a really great time the other night. 
 Me, too. 
 And seeing how turnabout is fair play... 
 I was wondering if you wanted to meet my family. 
 Hello? 
 Yeah. Yeah, sure. Yeah. That'd be great. 
 Okay, it's a date. 
 No, Hassan. A fake passport won't do you any good coming back. 
 They've got an APB out... which means there's a picture of your face posted at every border patrol checkpoint. 
 No, no, no. Don't try to cross with the stuff by yourself. 
 I'll, I'll figure something out. Just sit tight. 
 So, I talked to my parents. Is a week from Saturday good? 
 Yeah, I think so. 
 Is it something I said? 
 Nah. Quick business trip. Should be back tomorrow. 
 Maybe this isn't a good idea, dinner with my parents. 
 I'm not quite sure they've forgiven me yet for all the trouble that I caused when I was younger. 
 You were trouble? 
 I didn't think so at the time, but looking back? 
 Yeah, I was. 
 How? 
 Graham. 
 Going somewhere? 
 Uh, Bruckner's thinking about adding a Ruscha and an Renaldi to the auction. 
 He wants me to go to his country house and check them out. 
 There's still a lot of work that needs to be done for the preview. 
 Will you have time for that? 
 Absolutely. 
 Keep me posted. 
 Sir. 
 (knocking) 
 It's me. 
 Here. My guy says he thinks there are unpatrolled border crossing points here. 
 Did your guy tell you they'll probably have motion sensors, too? 
 This is where we're going, where we'll run into the least government interference. 
 It's an Indian reservation. 
 When your ancestors are slaughtered, they give you land and leave you alone. 
 Only on your side of the world. 
 In case we run into a bear. 
 We should be at the river by now. 
 If I could just get a signal, we could GPS it. 
 It doesn't have GPS. 
 And if you hadn't shown up in New York, we wouldn't be here and need GPS. 
 Look, you knew what you were getting into the day we met, so stop playing the victim. 
 (speaks Arabic) 
 Yeah. Ahmaq made you a lot of money. 
 Right now I'm more concerned with what this could end up costing me. 
 And these friggin' mosquitoes. 
 (gunshot echoes) 
 You see anyone? 
 No, but I hear 'em. 
 (motors rumbling) 
 Hunters? 
 sh1t! They're looking for us. 
 Into the trees. Use the trees! 
 Up there. 
 Up the hill. 
 What do we look like? Deer? 
 No. Trespassers. Come on! 
 Come on! 
 Ah! 
 What do we do? 
 What do you think? 
 I'm not a good swimmer. 
 Yeah, but you're probably a pretty good bleeder. 
 Come on. 
 Do you think they're still looking for us? 
 We jumped off a cliff. Probably think we're dead. 
 We should get moving. We could cross the border tonight. 
 We're staying here 'til daybreak. 
 You don't know how to get to the border, do you? 
 Let me worry about that. 
 Didn't they teach you survival skills in the army? 
 You know my survival skills better than anyone. 
 It would be easier to sneak across the border at night. 
 That's what you said last time. 
 This would not be like sneaking into Turkey. 
 Border guards don't have guns here? 
 We crossed that border many times without trouble. 
 We're right back where we started. 
 Smuggling, sneaking across borders. 
 It's like nothing's changed. 
 Do you think I'd still be doing this if I didn't have to? 
 You have no idea what it is like there now. 
 ISIS is everywhere. 
 Either you join them... or you live in fear of them. 
 My son used to be proud of me. 
 When he was younger, I was his hero. 
 Not anymore. 
 That's like every kid. 
 I'm afraid if I don't give him a better life, he will follow his friends who are being recruited to fight for the enemy. 
 I know what it's like to want to protect your family, and I know what it feels like when you can't. 
 We get this sh1t across the border and I promise, I'll take care of things on my end. 
 But you got to be patient. 
 You got to keep Uzay and Demir under control. 
 This can't be like Iraq all over again. 
 I'll try. 
 I promise and you'll try? 
 Something sounds off there. 
 (laughing) 
 My pants are still wet. 
 Good. You won't sleep either. 
 You stay awake and keep me company. 
 (speaking foreign language) 
 The guns. 
 The bags? 
 Drugs? 
 Nah. It's a figurine. 
 I meant, if I were to melt it down, what would be the result? 
 They're just antiquities. 
 Antiquities? In the forest? 
 Relax. You're not under arrest. 
 You are on sovereign land. 
 We were just trying to use the river to cross back into the US. 
 It was not our intention to disturb you or your land. 
 We have money. 
 Money? 
 We have a general store and casino in town that would be happy to take your money. 
 We're just looking for a way across the border. 
 Then offer your bribe to the border patrol. 
 I can contact them on your behalf, if you'd like. 
 Sir, my friend meant no disrespect. 
 He has a hard time expressing himself in English. 
 It's clear that we're coloring outside the lines. 
 He was just implying that if you'd be kind enough to let us pass through, then we can pay a sort of toll, if you insist. 
 This is everything I have. 
 3,000. 
 (speaking foreign language) 
 I think we might be able to help you. 
 Remember. Don't make a sound until you cross the border. 
 What are you looking for? There's nothing but produce in here. 
 Exactly. 
 Follow my lead. 
 We're stopping. 
 Why is it taking so long? 
 Shut up. 
 Something's wrong. We should get out. 
 Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. We're probably at the border, which means border agents. 
 It's not your face all over the news. If they find me... 
 Shh. 
 I need you to pull up to the inspection station. 
 Yeah, sure. 
 sh1t. 
 Move! Move! 
 4-54, we're in pursuit. 
 (sirens blaring) 
 Have a look. 
 We're through. 
 How did you know the van was a decoy? 
 What would you rather get across the border? 
 Produce or illegal cigarettes? 
 (coughing) 
 Let me know the second John is here with the car. 
 Do you want me to close the door? 
 No, there's no point. It's business as usual. 
 I think we should call an ambulance. 
 I don't want to make a scene. This is an auction house, not a morgue. 
 Just get me home, tell Dr. Rissman to meet me there. I'll be fine. 
 I already called him. Are you going? 
 I offered. He declined. 
 I'll go. At least until the doctor gets there. 
 I didn't say I wouldn't go... 
 You implied it! 
 Apparently you're too busy. 
 Enough! Both of you. Enough. 
 I'll check on the car. 
 (groaning) 
 You came back to work too soon. You should have taken some time off. 
 And let the inmates run the asylum? 
 Is that how you think of us? 
 It's just a figure of speech. 
 I know what I'm doing, Dad. 
 When the time comes, I'll be ready for a larger role here. 
 I'm not gone yet, sweetheart. 
 I'm not saying that. But at some point a transition will occur. 
 I'm intelligent, capable. 
 I'm better liked than Miles among colleagues and clients. 
 You and Miles really need to work out your differences. 
 Those aren't differences, they're facts. 
 I'd like to rest while I wait for the car. 
 Of course. 
 Can we talk about this when you get back? 
 The car's ready. 
 Come on. 
 Who is it?! 
 Dumb and dumber. 
 Lock the door. 
 Let's see the new shipment. 
 Now, remember, we couldn't have gotten this across without Tommy. 
 (in Arabic) Mashallah. 
 Yes, what would we do without Tommy? 
 The whole world would not exist without him. 
 Can we just focus on what matters? 
 The Feds are looking for Hassan, the NYPD's looking for all of us, and the Russians are looking for revenge, and we still need to sell this sh1t. 
 So, let's just figure out the best way to do that without ending up dead or in prison. 
 Potential buyers walk in and out of your auction house every day. 
 There's got to be a way for you to feel out which collectors may have an appetite for these pieces. 
 Yes. But that might put Graham's new legitimate life at risk. 
 You already did that. 
 Yes. But isn't it worth the risk? 
 Hey. 
 So... how's my, um... auction campaign coming? 
 Good. 
 What do you think the Beckmann painting will go for? 
 Two to three. 
 I think it's worth 20. 
 With all due respect, Sam... 
 What would you say if I told you that the Beckmann painting is a symbol of restitution for the greatest theft in art history? 
 I'd say... tell me more. I'd say, why didn't you tell me earlier? 
 All right. Well then, I'm going to tell you. 
 It's Germany, World War II. 
 The Beckmann painting is part of a large collection that is stolen by a Nazi SS commander. 
 The war goes on. The allies cross the Rhine, the Germans are defeated, and this Nazi Kraut takes all this artwork and runs away to hide in the countryside. 
 Cut to: A concentration camp survivor is walking home. 
 His name is Herman Loeb. 
 He'd been walking hundreds of miles. He discovers the entire collection hidden in a water mill. 
 So, what does he do? He does the right thing. He contacts the US Army. 
 Now, most of the artwork is returned to its rightful owners, but one of the unclaimed pieces, the Beckmann painting, is eventually given to Herman Loeb for his service in the recovery effort. 
 Now who is this Herman Loeb? 
 He's my grandfather. 
 That's, uh... that's a nice story. 
 Do you have any documentation? 
 He just got out of a concentration camp. 
 What's he supposed to do, ask for a receipt? 
 Sam, the story may bump the price a little, but unless you rescued it from Hitler's bunker... 
 I am telling you an inspirational story and you are sh1tting on it! 
 You're a bottom line guy, Sam. What's the point? 
 Okay, we can push that backstory... 
 Don't worry about it. 
 But people are going to want to check it out. 
 That's all I'm saying. 
 Don't worry about it. 
 Let's get your PR people to come up with something less risky. 
 More risk equals more profit. 
 Isn't that what your little side business is all about? 
 Hmm? 
 All right. Get out of here. We're done. 
 Okay. I'll get on it. 
 
 
 
 Who puts cheese on watermelon? 
 Leaving before the boss? 
 I have a meeting with a potential supplier. 
 Good for you! Anyone I know? 
 As a matter of fact, your friend Uzay. 
 I don't think that's a very good idea. 
 It's too late. I'm on my way to meet him. 
 Can't keep all the action for yourself. 
 I'm not really sure what your relationship is like with Graham. 
 Oh, we're not exclusive. 
 I don't want to step on anyone's toes. 
 He has buyers. You may have other buyers. 
 We pretty much run in the same circles, but I promise to run a little faster. 
 That's what I like to hear. 
 If you have any items that aren't spoken for, I would love to have a look at them. 
 Ah, you have perfect timing. 
 Where are these from? 
 Mostly from Syria. 
 Will I run into any chain-of-title problems? 
 Record keeping is not meticulous over there. 
 Particularly now with ISIS controlling so much. 
 I want to get my business off the ground, but I don't want any trouble. 
 No trouble. 
 Most buyers here accept the realities of purchasing items from a war-torn country. 
 All right. Let me start making some calls and I'll get back to you. 
 I look forward to it. 
 Hey. You need this more than I do. 
 Thank you. 
 Hey. Where's our guest of honor? 
 Bruckner doesn't do soft openings. 
 Hi. I'm Graham Connor. I'm an account exec here. 
 Gabrielle Mukete. 
 Yeah. We've met before actually. Just before you started your company. 
 I apologize. That whole period's pretty much a blur. 
 Ha. 
 Well, from what I've read, it's working out pretty well. 
 You're already one of the top 20 hedge funds. Congratulations. 
 Thank you. 
 And now I'm trying to enjoy the success a little. At least the money. 
 Are you looking for anything in particular? 
 I've always had a thing for the Cubists. 
 Well, we have an amazing Klee in the other room. 
 I prefer Picasso, Braque or a Metzinger. 
 Well, whatever you're looking for, I can find it. 
 I have a network of dealers I've done business with in the past. 
 Some with eclectic suppliers. 
 It may involve an unpublicized sale or an anonymous seller. 
 And of course, some buyers only want items if everyone knows they have them. 
 I have no interest whatsoever in publicity. 
 I want items that bring me pleasure. 
 Maybe we could go for a drink and talk some more. 
 Give me your card. 
 Look, if this isn't something you're interested in... 
 I didn't say that. I just don't like the hard sell over cocktails. 
 Unless I'm the one doing the selling. 
 Okay. 
 There you go. 
 I did some checking on Roxanna. 
 And? 
 I share your concern. 
 Then why are you dealing with her? 
 We need her. 
 For what? 
 Look, I don't how she got Avery to sign over the collection, but the fact is, it's only worth ten million, at most. 
 Oh! How on earth is that possible? 
 Well, apparently our family has a history of embellishment. 
 I haven't been up to Newport in years. I had no idea. 
 It was only after Roxanna and I started working together that I learned the truth. 
 I think Roxanna solicited a couple of forgeries to increase the value of the collection. 
 Then why haven't you notified the police? 
 Think about it. 
 The "enhanced" collection is now worth a hundred million dollars. 
 Hmm... 
 If we let Roxanna promote it and it blows up anywhere along the line, it falls on her. 
 But if it goes as planned, we all cash in. 
 Why not let her assume all the risk? 
 Who knows about all this? 
 Only the people at this table. 
 No one in the family knows exactly what's in the collection. 
 Why are you trusting me with this? 
 Because you are my favorite aunt. 
 (scoffs) 
 And as it turns out, you're the only one who's standing in the way of your own fortune. 
 I have $90,000 for this A7L Apollo Spacesuit, actually worn on the surface of the moon. 
 Truly a piece of American history. Do I hear 95? I have 95. 
 Do I hear 100? 
 I have $100,000. 105,000? 
 105,000? 
 Fair and final warning. 
 Sold to the gentleman for $100,000. 
 (applause) 
 Next item up for bid, the iconic NASA flight suit worn by Sally Ride, the first American woman in space. 
 We'll open the bidding at $200,000. 
 I have 200. Do I hear 210? 
 I have 210. Shall we say 220? 
 I have 220. Do I hear 230? 
 I have 230. Do I hear 240? 
 I have 240. Do I hear 250? 
 I don't know what to say. "Why are you here?" doesn't seem to work. 
 Dr. Rissman says I'm fit as a fiddle. 
 250. Looking for 260 now. 
 Dad, I want to apologize for what I said earlier. 
 You were in no condition to be... 
 You spoke your mind. You should do that more. 
 260, anyone? 
 250, going once, twice... three times. 
 Sold to the lady for $250,000. 
 Congratulations. 
 Well then, maybe we should schedule a meeting. 
 All right. 
 The next item up for bid... The flight plan sheet from the Apollo 11 lunar mission with a personal notes hand-written by Neil Armstrong. 
 Excuse me. 
 I'd like to start the bidding... 
 I told you I'd get through to her. 
 Why the turn? 
 Well, at the end of the day, we're still family. 
 And she needed the money. 
 So we'll be receiving a letter from her lawyer... dropping the suit? 
 Not yet. She wants to check out the collection. 
 Make sure everything's properly cared for. 
 But it's all good. 
 We just show her the brilliant job you've been doing and we're home free. 
 The flight plan from the first men to land on the moon. 
 This calls for a celebration, don't you think? 
 Do I hear $60,000? 
 After she drops the suit. Well done, Richard. 
 60,000 from the gentleman on the isle. Do I hear 70? 
 70,000, thank you. 
 I have 80,000 on the phone. Do I hear 90,000? 
 90,000 for this one of a kind record of our... 
 Ben, it's Roxanna Whitman. 
 Listen, I need you to get me everything you can on a guy named Richard Swift, also a woman named Francesca Newcombe. 
 No, no, this is off the books. 
 Not a word to anyone. I'll be sending you an advance from my private account. 
 Thanks, Ben. 
 Sold! For 80,000 to the bidder on the phone. 
 (applause) 
 I really appreciate you coming. 
 I got some great pieces I think you'll really like. 
 Oh. 
 Yes. Yes. Very nice. 
 Yes. I wouldn't touch them. Literally. 
 You know, your friend, uh... your friend Hassan is all over the papers? 
 I know. I found out like the rest of the world. 
 I want the truth, Graham. 
 I don't keep track of his every move. 
 This other figure in the, uh, in the photograph... 
 That's you, isn't it? 
 No. 
 I'm going to ask you one last time. 
 Is it you? 
 I had no idea he was going to do it. It was supposed to be a simple pick-up. 
 That's a remarkably blasé admission of your participation in a murder. 
 I didn't participate. I was just in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
 Is that your justification for working with a murderer and likely terrorist? 
 He's not a terrorist! 
 Oh, use your brain, Graham! 
 The only antiquities getting out of Iraq and Syria right now are courtesy of ISIS. Everybody knows that. 
 He didn't get anything from ISIS. 
 You're so naive. Let me ask you this. 
 What do you think's going to happen when he gets caught? 
 Hm? You think he's not going to roll over on you? 
 Make things easier on himself? Huh? 
 That's not going to happen. 
 Oh yeah, which part? 
 I promise that none of this is going to come back to you. 
 As soon as we sell the items, he's going to leave New York, and no one's going to find him. 
 They've been feeding you that same line for months! 
 I don't know who is the bigger liar, you or him! 
 And on top of all of this, you had the audacity... the audacity to call me here tonight to buy more stolen items. 
 I called you here 'cause you're my friend. 
 You've been lying to me from day one! Looked me in the eye and lied to me! 
 I was trying to protect you. 
 The only person who needs protection around here is you, my friend. 
 I suggest you find an attorney. 
 Lawyering up sends the wrong message. I got to play this out my way. 
 Then you had better lose my number. 
 Because we're done. 
 Where'd your guy in Canada get his stuff? 
 Does it matter? 
 It matters to me. 'Cause if ISIS had anything to do with that sh1t... 
 Regardless of where it came from, it belongs to us now. 
 You son of a bitch! 
 You know what those animals do to people?!! 
 (grunting) 
 Don't talk to me about ISIS! It is my people being killed! 
 And now you're putting money in their pockets? 
 You talk about your son. You talk about trying to stop these assholes and then you turn around and help them? 
 Whatever money they would make off the shipment was already in their pockets. 
 What do you want us to do? 
 March into FBI headquarters and present them with stolen artifacts?! 
 And then tell them we're the ones they're after for murder? 
 I should have left you up in Canada. 
 You have to sacrifice in this world to get what you want! 
 Not with this. This is too much! 
 Think! If you back out we all go down! 
 Demir and Uzay will get caught. 
 And when they do, they will do whatever it takes to protect themselves. 
 They will bury you! 
 Are you stalking me? 
 Ah, I'm new to the neighborhood. And someone told me this was a good spot. 
 Hmm... 
 Unpretentious. 
 Mmm... 
 And I got here first, so I think that means you're stalking me. 
 I stand corrected. You weren't stalking me. You were lying in wait. 
 It's still a felony. 
 If that's how you need to think about it. 
 Thanks. 
 Are you meeting someone? 
 No. No, you? 
 No. You want to drink alone together? 
 I don't think I'd be very good company right now. 
 Suit yourself. 
 The usual. 
 One club soda with lime coming up. 
 I got this. I'm going to take this over. 
 Club soda and lime. You know, you could go to a coffee shop for that. 
 I like the bar. I used to leave here face-down. Now I leave on my feet. 
 It feels much better. 
 You'll have to teach me how to do that. 
 What's that? 
 Feel better about yourself. 
 Rough day? 
 No. 
 If it's about losing the Coleman account to me... 
 It isn't. Can we not talk about work? 
 What else is there besides work? 
 I passed by this tropical fish place the other day, and it reminded me how I'd always wanted one, ever since I was a kid. 
 Back then, my ma said that we couldn't afford it, and even if we could, I'd probably overfeed them and they'd all end up dead. 
 Yeah, my childhood was filled with positive reinforcement like that. 
 If it makes you feel any better, mine wasn't that different. 
 You couldn't afford an aquarium? 
 I wanted a dog. 
 And I remember thinking... I'm not having much fun here. 
 I'm not sure a dog would either. 
 So fish, huh? 
 Yeah. 
 Well, they have pretty good salmon here. They're not in a tank, they're on a plate. 
 That's all right. I like looking at them and eating them. 
 Can we get a couple of menus, please? 
 You know, just 'cause we're breaking bread together doesn't mean I'm going to go any easier on you. 
 Is that what you think this is, some kind of ploy? 
 No, but... 
 You were the one who didn't want to talk about work, remember? 
 You're right. I'm sorry. 
 And for the record, if you think I'd ever go easy on you, you're crazy. 
 Roxanna, I need to talk to you. 
 I'm late for a meeting, Miles. 
 This'll just take a second. 
 Accounting had a question regarding wire transfers. More of a red flag, actually. 
 They noticed that the amount of money wired to a European bank account for art restoration is slightly inflated compared to the typical fees for the same work. 
 There are several pieces out for restoration. 
 They probably consolidated the charges. 
 Everything is itemized. 
 Well, the Swift Collection has some pretty significant paintings that could justify inflated prices. 
 Depending on how much work was... 
 Just cut the bullshit. 
 Why the secrecy? 
 What do you mean? 
 From day one the details of the Swift account have been opaque, to say the least. 
 (phone ringing) 
 Oh, please. From day one your ego still hasn't adjusted to the fact that I pulled in our biggest account. 
 Yes, sir. 
 Ahem. 
 Mr. Whitman needs to see you both in his office right away. 
 And you're sure you've never seen this man before? 
 Positive. 
 Ah, here they are now. 
 How you doing? 
 Detective Washington, NYPD. Agent Kramer, FBI. 
 You ever seen this guy before? 
 No, I haven't. 
 Neither have I. Who is he? 
 Hassan Al Afshar. 
 Iraqi national wanted in connection with the murder in Staten Island that we believe was smuggling related. 
 He's a key figure in an operation that runs stolen art and antiquities through Turkey. 
 Have you seen any, uh, suspicious Middle Eastern items recently? 
 Or know of any collectors that go for this sort of stuff? 
 No, we haven't. But we'll be sure to contact you if anything shows up. 
 I'll need to see a detailed account of every item listed or sold here at auction in the last six months. 
 Of course. Now if you'll excuse me, I'm very late for a meeting. 
 This is Miles Hewitt, he'll help you with anything you need. Miles... 
 Thank you. 
 Right this way. 
 Of course. 
 I can print off a document that lists all items sold throughout New York State, that also includes items sold by our competitors. 
 That would be great. 
 Is Mr. Davenport in? 
 Please have him call Roxanna Whitman. Right away. 
 Thank you. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 