Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x04 - El Calvo - The Art of More 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x04 - El Calvo https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=501&t=29836 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 11/18/16 21:52 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x04 - El Calvo 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on  The Art of More... 
 We get you in to do a deal with Paul Rice, aka al-Masrifi. 
 Just put me in front of al-Masrifi and we'll get out of your hair. 
 $50,000. 
 You've just got to give me some more time. 
 Would you be asking for more time if that cop had your family? 
 And where's the money you promised me? 
 Or do I tell my buddy at ICE to send them back to Iraq? 
 I'm not a junior accountant executive. 
 Do your job, which is whatever Alesha and I tell you to do. 
 Until it's clear your presence will not adversely affect DeGraaf's, I'm going to have to put you on mandatory leave. 
 You're opening a museum. 
 And I want you to be my curator. 
 I knew you could appreciate their value. 
 I'd love to take them off your hands, but the IRS has fleeced me of everything. 
 What are these worth if no one will buy them? 
 Their value is only determined by what the market will pay. 
 The NYPD detectives found several instances alluding to an arrangement between you and Councilman Dortch. 
 My pastor thinks I should cooperate. 
 It's all there. 
 What about Hassan? Uzay? 
 Uzay? 
 What is he doing? 
 Tell me where Uzay is. 
 (GRUNTS) 
 I'm not introducing you to anyone! 
 sh1t! 
 (DOG BARKING) 
 (HELICOPTER WHIRRING OVERHEAD) 
 Agent (on radio) :  We've got eyes on Calvo. 
 He's headed for the basement. 
 Male agent : This is Unit 2. We're entering the building. 
 Female agent : Clear! 
 Male agent : DEA! Put your guns down! 
 (GUNFIRE) 
 Agent (on radio) :  Unit 2, where are you? 
 Male agent : This is Unit 2. We're in the basement. 
 Male agent 1 : Clear! 
 Male agent 2 : Clear! 
 Male agent : He had three guys with him. Where the hell did he go? 
 Aw, sh1t. Over here! 
 Jesus Christ. 
 This is Unit 2. He's got a tunnel. 
 We're in pursuit. 
 Auctioneer : Our final item of the night, the soccer ball which was scored by legend Manuel Negrete for the Mexican National Team in the 1986 World Cup, round of 16. 
 This will bring The Treasury Department's auction of the notorious drug kingpin El Calvo's forfeited estate to a close. 
 We'll start the bidding at $50,000. 
 I've seen video of Negrete's goal. It's brilliant. 
 I wouldn't have pegged you as a soccer fan. 
 Well, I was captain of my high school team. 
 Uncle Sam thanks you for your service. 
 I thank him for the commission. 
 I have 120! 
 You think he'll find El Calvo? 
 I do. He came for his kid's birth, he'll be back to see them at some point. 
 These cartel guys think they're untouchable. 
 140 from the bidder on the phone. 
 Do I have 160? 160,000. 
 When do you expect the ball to be shipped to its buyer? 
 Usually after payment's processed. It's about 48 hours. 
 Fair and final warning. 
 Sold to the bidder on the phone for $180,000. 
 (GRAHAM WHISTLES) 
 Aren't we not supposed to be seen together? 
 I'm off duty. 
 Right. So what, it's just like a couple of guys hanging out in the park watching kids play? 
 Nothing weird about that. 
 So you drag me up to Yonkers to chew me out some more? 
 It wouldn't do you any good. 
 Oh, yeah? Why is that? 
 You're a selfish prick. 
 Oh, am I? 
 You think you're the only one that's had bad sh1t happen to him. 
 I never said that. 
 August 4, 1979. 
 That's the day my dad had his heart attack. 
 Dead in an instant. 
 Sucks, right? 
 (LAUGHTER) 
 Ramirez : The only hero you know at that point. 
 Yeah. Yeah, it does. 
 You see that kid? 
 Gray shirt, blue shorts. 
 His name is Corey Dillon. 
 His mom, Joan, she used to work for me. 
 Until Paul Rice's crew killed her. 
 Now, he doesn't know it, but I made a promise to get the son of a bitch who killed his mom. 
 And unfortunately, right now, you're the only way I can do that. 
 So let me be clear. 
 I'm not going to let this go. 
 Ever. 
 I'll get your guy. 
 Let's go, buddy. Come on. Get in there. 
 Who's winning? 
 All right. 
 (THEME MUSIC PLAYING) 
 Hassan, we need to go back to Alnasseri. 
 I was hoping you could help smooth over a little disagreement. 
 Call me when you get this. 
 We're already in talks with Toshi Ikeda to design the museum. 
 I want you to do an installation, but it has to be a priority. 
 Any chance you could squeeze me in? 
 Doll, that's not much time. 
 Between you and me, I'm planning a pop-up in London in a few months. 
 Oh. Another pop-up. 
 I'm offering you the chance to do something revolutionary. 
 Your work will be the centerpiece of an entire museum. 
 But sure, another pop-up could be good. 
 Sam : Wow! 
 Isabel : Sam? 
 Sam : You said it, there would be great things. 
 It's a real cop car. Huh. 
 This is really somethin'. 
 We weren't expecting you. 
 (WHISPERING) What are you doing here? 
 This is Clint Heller. 
 Sam Bruckner. 
 Yeah, cheers. 
 I just had to come down here and meet you myself. Big fan. 
 Hm. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 So, what did I miss? 
 Uh, Clint was just about to agree to do the installation. 
 Oh, was I now, love? 
 Yes, you were, love. 
 How can I say no to this woman, eh? 
 (CHUCKLES) Ain't it the truth. 
 That's why I made her my curator, because she's the best at what she does. 
 And I only work with the best. 
 Yeah, I'm familiar with your high-rise in midtown. 
 Without a doubt the best of Vegas. 
 I love that building. 
 Put me on the map. 
 It made me a lot of money. 
 A lot, a lot. 
 Enough to buy everything you'll ever do a million times over. 
 I want you to come up with a number and I'm going to take care of you. 
 Just don't be afraid to dream big. 
 What's your price? 
 Izzy, love? 
 Mm-hmm? 
 You know I adore you... but I'm not taking a penny of this sod's money. 
 If you'll excuse me, I better get back to it. 
 Thanks for popping by, mate. 
 Later. 
 Clint! 
 Sam! 
 (LAUGHING) 
 What the hell was that? 
 I had that guy closed. 
 He's an arrogant asshole. 
 Of course he's arrogant, he's an artist. 
 He's... he's brilliant. 
 Mm-hmm. Yeah. He seems to know you well, too. 
 Wow. Really? You know, I'm married. 
 You know, he's gay. 
 I have excellent gaydar and it was not going off. 
 Artists! 
 They... they grow on trees in this town. 
 We'll get somebody else. 
 We'll get a crane and a boulder, call it a day. 
 You hired me to do a job, Sam. 
 Why don't you just let me do it? 
 I'm the one that has the vision for this museum. 
 You need me. 
 Sweetheart... 
 I don't need nobody. 
 Evan : Miss Whitman, your coffee. 
 Ah. 
 The quarterly reports that you asked for are on your desk. 
 Also, I know you wanted to swap out some of the art, so I had some pieces brought out of storage as possible replacements. 
 Great. I'll take a look and let you know. 
 Of course. And Agent Gibson is waiting in your office. 
 Agent Gibson. How can I help you? 
 I need information on the person who bought El Calvo's soccer ball. 
 You know I can't do that. 
 We've received information that leads us to believe El Calvo purchased the ball through a proxy. 
 Surely, he wouldn't be that bold. 
 El Calvo is a soccer fanatic. 
 That ball is part of Mexican soccer lore. 
 He is operating on an emotional level, not a rational one. 
 El Calvo is responsible for 25% of all drugs flowing into the US, hundreds, maybe thousands of brutal murders. 
 You could help nail him. 
 I'm not asking for information on every lot, just the ball. 
 I'd like to help you, but my business is built on our clients' trust, so, I'm going to need a couple of days to discuss this with my lawyer. 
 You've got a day. 
 And then I'll get a court order and force you to comply, and this whole thing goes public. 
 Thank you for joining us today. 
 Pleasure. 
 Then it will also be your pleasure to log and file those sales. 
 And when you're done, you can start combing through the obits. 
 (SIGHS) 
 Arthur :  Hi, Geoffrey. Arthur Davenport. 
 I know, it's been too long. 
 I ran into a friend earlier. 
 It got me thinking about you. 
 I have a business proposition to run by you. 
 Do you have any plans tonight? 
 Geoffrey, wonderful to see you. 
 Geoff, how are you? Come in. 
 Geoffrey! Geoff, how are you? 
 Come on in! 
 No. 
 Geoffrey, I haven't seen you in ages!  (LAUGHING) 
 You haven't changed a bit. 
 How are you? 
 It is stunning, Arthur. 
 Isn't it? Such sadness in her eyes. 
 Mm. 
 Takes my breath away. 
 I know Baroque isn't exactly to your taste. 
 I heard you acquired another Francisco de Goya. 
 Is that true? 
 Around four months ago. 
 Oh. 
 Got it at a steal, just shy of five million. 
 Appraised for six and a half. 
 Congratulations. 
 Mm. 
 You always did have a good eye for investments, Geoffrey. 
 Mm. That makes what, three by Goya now? 
 I have a fourth at my place in the Hamptons. 
 Oh. 
 Do you believe how, despite his affliction, he went on to do some of his most important and profound work? 
 Hm. 
 It's an inspiring story. 
 Coming down with a mysterious illness one day and then suddenly going deaf and mad shows how anyone can lose everything just like that. 
 (SCOFFS) 
 You invite me here to bum me out, Arthur? 
 On the contrary, Geoffrey. 
 How would you feel about increasing the value of all your Goya pieces by 50%? 
 Mm. 
 (BOTH SNICKER) 
 Jeri : From a legal standpoint, you're under no obligation to turn over your client's information. 
 Now, that being said, the state of the courts these days, anything national security related is likely to be rubber stamped. 
 So, they're going to get it one way or another. 
 Well, you can fight them, hold them off for a bit, but in my opinion, eventually you're going to lose. 
 If I give them the buyer's information now, no one will know. 
 Possibly never will. 
 But if it somehow leaked, I look like I betrayed my clients, we could lose a lot of business, and I'm out on my ass. 
 Or if you fight it... 
 At least when I'm inevitably forced to comply, I get to claim I did everything I could to protect my client's privacy. 
 But I could still be out on my ass. 
 So, what do you want to do? 
 What's worse, helping Big Brother or protecting a mass murderer? 
 Why didn't you discuss any of this with DeGraaf's counsel? 
 They're DeGraaf's lawyers. You're my lawyer. 
 And I wanted to take your temperature first. 
 You're the only one I know I can trust. 
 I'm touched. 
 I'm still billing you. 
 (CHUCKLES) 
 When is the last time we saw each other for anything other than business? 
 It's been a long time. You still with Chad? 
 God, no. He was way too nice. 
 I was on the verge of stabbing him to death in his sleep. 
 So, I boned his best friend. 
 Well, that's the Jeri I know and love. 
 You flying solo these days? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Good. 
 I'm glad you take pleasure in my loneliness. 
 Hey, I never said "lonely." 
 I miss our 20's. 
 We were some crazy bitches. 
 We need to go out again. Promise me. 
 I promise. 
 (SCOFFS) Blow me. I know that tone. 
 Okay. Go. 
 See you next time you need a lawyer. 
 Uh-huh. 
 (MOUTHS WORDS) 
 Okay, goodbye, Jeri. 
 Go. 
 Where were you this morning? 
 I was out on a solicitation. 
 Let me bring you up to speed on what you missed. 
 Everybody needs to be generating business. 
 You want off Alesha's team, prove it. Simple as that. 
 Like I said, I was out on a solicitation. 
 What was the solicitation? 
 (MUTTERS) Ah, for f*ck's sake. 
 Uh... (CLEARS THROAT) It was a divorce. 
 A guy left his wife 'cause she didn't trust him. 
 If you're back into smuggling, you're back on your ass. 
 I'm not. Stop being paranoid. 
 I... I didn't mean that. 
 f*ck. 
 You've got to shut Dortch up. 
 (GRUNTING) 
 If he turns Helen Keller, it all goes away. 
 And don't worry about Kai. He signed a non-disclosure. 
 It's a federal investigation, Sam. 
 I don't know what you expect me to do. 
 I expect you to do your job, Dave. 
 What the hell am I paying you $1,500 an hour for? 
 When's Dortch's interview? 
 Next Thursday. 
 Next Thursday. 
 Ah, sh1t. 
 We got to go to Plan B. 
 What's Plan B? 
 Sam. You egomaniac. 
 Wait, why is it so cold in here? 
 I like it cold so I don't sweat in my suit. 
 Sorry, Mr. Brukner. 
 I told her you weren't available. 
 Nicole, all of the hot air is coming in, so get out and take my worthless lawyer with you. 
 You hired an architect behind my back when I was killing myself to get Toshi Ikeda. 
 I checked Ikeda out. 
 He's over budget on everything he's ever done, so I got my own guy. 
 He does all my buildings, he comes in on time and on budget. 
 And that's why your buildings are soulless. 
 We need an architect that's going to make this museum sing. 
 But you can't see that because I'm looking 20 years into the future and you're stuck in the past. 
 You promised to include me in all the creative decisions. 
 I value your opinion, but it's my name that's up on that wall. 
 Okay. 
 Well, you can take my name off everything. 
 Roxanna : I wish I could do more. 
 But based on the advice of my counsel, client privacy has to be our first priority. 
 Even if you could help capture one of the most dangerous men in the world? 
 Save countless lives? 
 If you're right, but you don't know for sure if the buyer will lead to El Calvo. 
 And I can't put DeGraaf's at risk based purely on a hunch. 
 I gave you a chance. 
 (CHUCKLES) I can't believe you bought this thing. 
 Well, what was I to do? 
 It brings powers of invincibility. 
 I need you to broker another private sale for me, two in fact. 
 Great. Roxanna's been riding my ass for more business. 
 Well, she can be a bit results oriented. 
 Do you know a Geoffrey Woodbridge? 
 I don't think so. 
 He's going to buy one of my Rubens drawings for nine million. 
 (SIGHS) 
 I don't think any of them are worth nine million, but okay. 
 Why do you need DeGraaf's? 
 Well, I want a public record of it. 
 You said there were two sales. 
 Yes, well, Woodbridge is going to sell me a Goya portrait. 
 Also for nine million. 
 So, it's a... clean swap. 
 No money exchanges hands. 
 But because the sale price is on record, the value goes up. 
 Right? 
 And you have... three Rubens, and Woodbridge I guess has more than one Goya. 
 Astute guess. 
 Yeah, okay. 
 So now the whole collection is worth millions more. 
 You want me to be an accessory to fraud? 
 Accessories make an outfit. 
 I think you owe me this one, Graham. 
 Why you doing this? 
 I told you of my financial predicament. 
 You of all people should appreciate the lengths I need to go to. 
 I have no other skills. 
 I thought the only way out from my family's debt was to sell this place, my home... of 30 years. 
 But then when your friend Hassan came to visit me the other day, yes, he wanted me to purchase some of his smaller wares. 
 And did you? 
 No, of course not. 
 But when I saw how far that poor fellow had fallen... 
 I decided I wasn't going to suffer the same fate. 
 Jesus Christ. 
 I won't lose my home. 
 I told Roxanna that I'd keep my nose clean. 
 Okay? And I look around here and I see at least five pieces that if you sold, you'd be in the clear! 
 No. No, I can't! 
 It took my family generations to build this collection. 
 Besides, from what I hear, Roxanna needs every penny to hold on to her position. 
 This helps her. 
 You. 
 Me. 
 Everybody wins. 
 
 
 
 (ELECTRO DANCE MUSIC PLAYING) 
 ♪ Nourish, cherish, liquorice ♪ 
♪ I'm not a quitter, I'm a fighter and I live for it ♪ 
♪ Short skirts, long legs, chocolate ♪ 
♪ Not skinny but a woman and I live for it ♪ 
♪ Quiet, bang, popcorn ♪ 
♪ Not loud, but I sing and I live for it ♪ 
♪ Men, suits, drumsticks ♪ 
♪ Keep failing to impress so let's try it again ♪ 
♪ Keep failing to impress so let's try it again ♪ 
♪ Keep failing to impress so let's try it again ♪ 
 (HEAVY BREATHING) 
 (MUSIC STOPS) 
 Is that your finger? 
 ♪ Chainless, nameless, candyfloss ♪ 
 Oh! No! (LAUGHS) 
 Come on! 
 (MUSIC STOPS) 
 (MUSIC RESUMES) 
 ♪ Moon, stars, flying saucers ♪ 
♪ Feeling tired, but I'm wired, yeah, I'm high for it ♪ 
 Ladies. 
 Where do you think you're going? 
 ♪ Not skinny but a woman and I strive for it ♪ 
♪ In the game, no money but I'd die for it ♪ 
 (MUSIC FADES) 
 (PHONE VIBRATING) 
 (SIGHS) 
 Sophie :  Auntie Roxanna, Mommy said that you weren't coming  to my birthday party tomorrow, but you have to. 
 We're having cake, Elsa and Olaf will be there. 
 Please? 
 Sophie... 
 (SIGHS) 
 Jeri! 
 Jeri, Jeri, triple cherry. 
 Where you at? 
 ♪ Pull up outside, baby ♪ 
 (HIP HOP SONG CONTINUES INDISTINCTLY) 
 (CLATTERING) 
 (LAUGHTER) 
 Oh, sh1t! sh1t! 
 Oh, cocksucker! 
 Fine. 
 Let's drink. 
 Okay. 
 Refill me, please. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Whoo! 
 This thing has bounce. I didn't know. 
 Oh please, don't pretend you never screwed on it. 
 Nope. No screwing, no bouncing, no boning on the DeGraaf's furniture ever! 
 Really? Not even with that hottie I saw earlier? 
 Graham? 
 Yeah. 
 Come on. 
 So you're cool if I call him? 
 I knew it. You are a selfish little bit... 
 I can't hear you! 
 Why did it take us so long to do this again? 
 Life. Work. Building a career. 
 Ooh-oo! 
 Leaning in, or whatever that sh1t is. 
 I'm going to lean into this song and this drink. 
 Aren't we supposed to be able to have it all? 
 You know, that's what they tell us. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 It's horseshit. 
 We still... gotta... make... choices. Ow! 
 (LAUGHING) 
 Why is it so loud? 
 Because! 
 (BOTH SIGH) 
 Evelyn : Let's go play! 
 Hey, there she is! 
 (BOTH CHUCKLE) 
 You look exhausted, Jellybean. 
 Thanks, Mom. 
 Hey, Dad. 
 Heard you're drinking again. 
 Miles : Hey, Roxanna. 
 You look nice. 
 Can I get you anything? 
 I'm all set. Thanks. 
 You enjoying your time off? 
 Hey! 
 Aunt Roxanna! 
 Wow, look at your pretty butterfly and all its colors! 
 Hey, I got something for you. 
 Wow! 
 Happy birthday! 
 Should I help you? Let's get it. 
 Yeah. 
 It's a... 
 A book! 
 It's a book. And this used to be my favorite book when I was your age. 
 I would cozy up with your momma and she would read it to me every single night. 
 It's about a little girl named... 
 Eloise. 
 Eloise. Yeah. 
 I like that name. 
 Me too. 
 And Eloise lives on the tippy-tippy-top of Plaza Hotel, which is very fancy, and she has a turtle, and she has a dog. 
 I have a turtle and a dog, too! 
 I know you do. 
 That's why I thought it would be perfect for you. 
 And if you're lucky, maybe your big sis will read it to you 'cause I know you guys are best friends, just like your mom and me. 
 What do you think? Yeah? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Sophie, go enjoy your party. 
 Can I see you inside? 
 Yeah. 
 What are you doing here? 
 Sophie asked me to come. 
 (SCOFFS) 
 You're unbelievable. 
 You framed my husband to get him arrested. 
 We may not be able to prove it, but did you really think that we wouldn't know it was you? 
 And then what you did to Dad. 
 I didn't. I... 
 You have the gall to show up here as if everything's fine. 
 Sophie : Mom! The magician's here. 
 Come on! 
 I'll be right there, honey! 
 I want you out of here now. 
 And I hope you know that our lawyers are going to make this whole thing go away, and then I, I'm going to make sure that you get what you have coming. 
 Oh. 
 Oh, my poor little Jellybean. 
 It's okay. 
 It'll be all right. 
 I'll give you 400. 
 Wait, you don't understand. 
 This one alone is worth $250,000. 
 Careful. 
 It's a 3,000-year-old Assyrian grave marker. 
 Not a huge market for that here. 
 400 for everything. Take it or leave it, man. 
 Okay. 
 (KEYS RATTLING) 
 (MONEY TILL CLICKS, OPENS) 
 (SIGHS) 
 All of it. 
 Hurry up. 
 Come on. Come on. 
 (GROANS) 
 Hey. 
 You trying to prove a point now, coming in early? 
 Just prepping the paperwork on a couple of private sales. 
 Oh, yeah? 
 Yeah. 18 million between the two. 
 Okay. I'm impressed. 
 (CHUCKLES) 
 Look, about the other day... 
 I owe you an apology. 
 No. 
 No, you were right. I messed up. 
 I need to be here and I'm sorry. 
 You okay? 
 Treasury wants me to turn over the buyer's info from the El Calvo auction. 
 What are you going to do? 
 I told them no. 
 Can you imagine if anyone found out I was passing out clients' personal information? 
 It'd be catastrophic. 
 Right. 
 Just my two cents, and you can take it or leave it, this might not be a fight you want to take. 
 Why is that? 
 You don't want these people looking at you. 
 They don't quit. 
 And, uh... you have things that you need to keep hidden. 
 It's better to lose a client, even your job, than have them as your enemies. 
 You made it just under the wire. 
 I was on my way to file the paperwork with the judge. 
 Is there a conscience in there somewhere? 
 Don't screw me on this. 
 It's our secret. 
 Sheila : Miles. 
 Hey. 
 So good to see you. 
 We've missed you around here. 
 The feeling's mutual. 
 Hey, could I steal you for a second? 
 Okay. 
 You know, I was shocked when I heard that Roxanna had took you off her desk. 
 She doesn't know what a resource she's losing. 
 Us rejects, we need to stick together, huh? 
 Mm. 
 Anyways, I was wondering, could you pull a file for me? 
 Sure. Which one? 
 Swift. 
 Are you lost? 
 Are you dying? 
 I had a particularly inebriated weekend, so they tell me. 
 Getting a little B12 pick me up. 
 I don't really feel chatty. What do you want? 
 You've got an empty storefront in Queens. 
 Yeah, I got a lot of them. 
 This one in particular, I need a cheap lease on it. 
 I'm not really in the habit of doing business with the slick douchebags I don't trust. 
 It's to pursue a lead on Belinda's killer. 
 Nicole, will you give us a minute? 
 Sure. 
 I'll be in the other room. 
 Okay. 
 She's a bit intense, huh? 
 Yeah. I can't figure out if I like it or not, but... she gets the job done. 
 This guy, he has some mutual friends with Nazari, and if I can do him a solid, he might talk. 
 There's always "mights" and "maybes" with you. 
 (CHUCKLES) 
 Yeah, I can't make promises on this one, Sam. 
 Yeah, well, I'll tell you what. 
 Here's a promise you can make. 
 Do you know the artist Clint Heller? 
 Not really. We've crossed paths a couple of times. 
 Yeah, well, that prick, he's sitting on the fence about doing an installation for my museum. 
 You get him off the fence, get him to commit... you got your storefront. 
 Works for me. 
 Now, I've got another meeting. 
 You know what to do. 
 Can I give you hand? 
 Thanks. 
 No worries. 
 You okay? 
 Yeah. 
 Just got off a flight from Chicago. 
 Don't love flying. 
 Ah, makes sense. You don't look native. 
 What's that supposed to mean? 
 It's a compliment. 
 You, uh, you look friendly. 
 I'm Graham. 
 Olivia. 
 Well, Olivia, have a... have a good stay. 
 I thought natives were supposed to be pushier. 
 (SIGHS) 
 That's actually, uh, not usually my problem. 
 But let me know if you need a tour guide. 
 I will, Graham Connor. 
 Have a good night. 
 Doorman : If you're ready, I can take you up to Mr. Brukner's. 
 (LINE RINGING) 
 What are you hiding? 
 (LINE RINGING) 
 Man :  Yeah? 
 It's Miles Hewitt. 
 I need you to find me somebody in Germany to look into a restoration company. 
 (PHONE RINGING) 
 Graham :  Where have you been? 
 I think I have a way to make it right with Alnasseri, But I need you to come with me. 
 I have troubles of my own. 
 I need you there. 
 You need? 
 Do you have any idea what I had to do today? 
 My family should be with me right now, but instead your immigration people are still holding them somewhere. 
 All I get are the pictures that f*cking detective shows me! 
 Wait. What do you mean he shows you pictures? 
 Pictures he shows me to show me that Vashti and Ammar are okay. 
 Hassan, listen to me. 
 If Washington turned Vashti and Ammar over to ICE, they wouldn't be taking photographs of them for some dirty cop. 
 And there would be a record of them in the system. 
 What are you talking about? 
 ICE is an official government agency. 
 It's public information. You should be able to call to find out where they're being detained. 
 Hassan? 
 Hassan? 
 Woman :  Can you spell that for me please? 
 Vashti. 
 V-A-S-H-T-I. 
 Vashti. And Ammar. 
 Please hold. 
 Sorry, I've got no record of either in the system. 
 No. That has to be a mistake. They must be there. 
 There's no mistake, sir. They are not in ICE custody. 
 No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no! 
 Is that it? 
 That's it. 
 I'll handle the rest. That's your copy. 
 I'm grateful you decided to help an old friend in need. 
 We done? 
 Well, there is just one more thing. 
 Now that we've driven up the comps, I was wondering if you could find someone to purchase another of my Rubens. 
 At the same elevated price, of course. 
 Have to be someone from abroad. 
 Maybe Russia or even Qatar. Yes. 
 Someone who doesn't move in the same circles as us. 
 Can't have anyone finding out about my financial situation. 
 (CHUCKLES) 
 I don't think you understand the position you're putting me in. 
 I can't lose this job. 
 Don't grow a conscience on me now, Graham. 
 You've done far worse and asked far more of me as well. 
 Besides, it's already done. 
 It's only a matter of reaping the commission on a legitimate sale. 
 A sale I know Roxanna would appreciate. 
 I can always ask her to broker it if you won't. 
 (MUTTERING) 
 Brother Brukner. 
 Have to save the vocal chords for when it counts. 
 Well, there's no use preaching to an empty church, is there? 
 (CHUCKLES) Unless you're praying, but I doubt that's why you're here. 
 Well, that's one of the great things about being a lax Jew. 
 I just fast one day and I'm good for the whole year. 
 Please. 
 You're a very busy man, Reverend, so I'm not going to take up too much of your time. 
 I'm going to cut right to the chase. 
 You carry so much weight and influence in this community. 
 Especially with a certain councilman in your congregation. 
 Yes, Councilman Dortch. 
 He's been one of our devoted flock since uh, well... since he could sit on his mama's lap. 
 (BOTH CHUCKLE) 
 Then I guess you may, or you may not be aware of... there's currently an investigation going on into whether or not the councilman and I had certain... business dealings. 
 Terrible accusations. 
 They're utterly unsubstantiated, I assume. 
 Wholly unfounded. 
 Councilman Dortch has endured a lot of stress. 
 I'm worried that his memory may be a little clouded. 
 I want to ensure that he does not cast about any, um... misrepresentations of me. 
 So, if you were to use your influence to show him the divine virtue of only telling the truth during his upcoming interview, I... 
 I would be eternally grateful. 
 "Truthful lips endure forever, a lying tongue, but for a moment." 
 Proverbs 12:19. 
 The eternal is a long time, Brother Brukner. 
 Well, let's just say that I would be extremely grateful in the very near future. 
 "And if you cast your bread out upon the water, it will return to you tenfold." 
 I guarantee it. 
 Ecclesiastes 11. 
 (CHUCKLES) 
 Why don't you come to this weekend's service? 
 I think you'll like my sermon. 
 (CHUCKLES) I will wear my Sunday best. 
 (SPEAKING ARABIC) 
 I mean you and your family no harm. 
 Okay? Just please hear me out. 
 What is this? 
 I know you're being evicted from your store. 
 That's your new space. 
 I don't understand. 
 I made a deal with the owner. 
 It's twice the square footage at the same rate you're paying now. 
 And it's a prime spot, and you'll do at least triple the business. 
 It's yours. 
 No catch. 
 It's my way of apologizing. 
 I know you're just an honest guy trying to do your best to give your family the American Dream, and... hopefully that's a step toward that. 
 That other guy, Uzay? 
 He killed my girlfriend. 
 So, when I thought you knew where he was... 
 Anyway. 
 I hope you can understand and I hope you can accept my apology. 
 What was her name? 
 Elizabeth. 
 (SPEAKING ARABIC) 
 I will talk to my cousin about putting you in touch with al-Masrifi. 
 Shukran. 
 Affha. 
 Roxanna Whitman. 
 Yes? 
 I'm Roger Kennison. 
 You know who I am. 
 I do. 
 Would you like to step into my office so we can speak in private, Mr. Kennison? 
 No, I wouldn't. 
 And I find it ironic you'd be concerned with my privacy now after you give my personal information to the authorities when I've done nothing wrong. 
 They contacted you then. 
 Yeah, they questioned me at my office. 
 I've been a DeGraaf's client for nearly 20 years. 
 Never again. 
 I'm done doing business here. 
 And I'm going to make sure everyone knows why. 
 You really going to say no to all that money? 
 I've got plenty of money. 
 Don't have the time to waste on a w*nk*r like Brukner. 
 You're not going to get any argument from me on that. 
 But don't tell me you're not interested in what he's hawking. 
 Being the face of what will be the first outsider art museum in the world. 
 Your show at Dismaland, that castle's iconic. 
 It's genius. Who's the only one getting press? 
 Banksy. 
 f*ck that guy. This is all you. 
 And it's not coming down in a month. 
 It's going to be up for good. 
 This is the big time. 
 I don't know, mate. 
 Let me spell it out for you. 
 Full creative control. 
 You want to do a giant sculpture of Brukner with a dick in his mouth? 
 (CHUCKLES) 
 Great. 
 I can't wait to see it. 
 That's not a bad idea. 
 Can I have that one? 
 Yeah. As long as you do the installation. 
 I'm in. 
 Okay. 
 (GRUNTING) 
 (THEME MUSIC PLAYING) 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 