Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x08 - The Name of the Game - The Art of More 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x08 - The Name of the Game https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=501&t=24110 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/04/15 03:28 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x08 - The Name of the Game 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously, on "The Art of More". 
 Graham, this is FBI Special Agent Kramer. 
 She wanted to ask you a few questions. 
 Do you recognize this man? 
 I need this money to get my family out of Iraq. 
 Let me get them out safely, and you can go back to your life. 
 Will I run into any chain of title problems? 
 Record keeping is not meticulous over there. 
 Now with ISIS controlling so much. 
 The enhanced collection is now worth $100 million. 
 As it turns out, you're the only one who's standing in the way of your own fortune. 
 You were always a willing participant. 
 A 15-year-old is never willing. 
 That's why they call it rape. 
 (crowd cheering) 
 I am honored to present this championship ring to the game MVP, and to one of the finest players I have ever had the pleasure to work with. 
 Drew Watkins. 
 (cheering) 
 (crowd chatter) 
 It's even nicer than the first two, huh? 
 (laughing) 
 Seriously, this was a hard-fought victory, man. 
 You know, I've never taken anything for granted my whole life or career. 
 I'm only up here because of my amazing teammates... best coach in the NFL... and my beautiful wife, Kelly. 
 This day really belongs to you. 
 Come up here. 
 (applause) 
 Reporter : How about a shot of the ring? 
 Reporter 2 : Yeah, show us the ring! 
 (cheering) 
 Drew Watkins had one of the most distinguished careers in the history of the NFL. 
 He was also a committed business man opening up a chain of hardware stores, youth centers in inner city neighborhoods. 
 Something tells me that's not what the buyers are gonna focus on. 
 Of course, we all know that his suicide and subsequent revelations of drugs, violence and affairs are going to impact any attempt to sell his collection. 
 So... why touch this? 
 Why drag Parke-Mason through the mud? 
 Drew Watkins and I played ball together at Ohio State. 
 I was at his wedding and godfather to his daughter. 
 He did a lot of good before the effects of his NFL injuries and drugs took their toll on him. 
 I know. 
 This is tricky territory. 
 But it is an impressive collection. 
 Muhammad Ali's gloves alone should bring in over a million. 
 I consider this account to be of great personal importance. 
 Keep that in mind as you do your prep. 
 (phone vibrates) 
 Odell Watkins, Kelly's son, as well as the family attorney, is to be given the V.I.P. treatment when he comes in this afternoon. 
 Graham, have you coordinated with him? 
 Yes, sir. Picking him up at his hotel. 
 Dinner, meet with potential buyers... the whole works. 
 Good. Keep me posted. 
 Pierson. 
 (phone ringing) 
 (grunts) 
 (phone beeps) 
 (echoes) What's going on? 
 (gunshots) 
 Carl! 
 Ah! 
 Connor here! 
 Corporeal Howard is down. I'm pinned down by sniper fire. 
 Do you copy? 
 Can anyone hear me? 
 I'm in a building on the southwest corner of Al Remah Square, across from the Grand Mosque. 
 Put it down! 
 Slowly. 
 I'm not a soldier. 
 Just leave. 
 You never saw me. 
 I never saw you. 
 So, your buddy outside can kill me? 
 He's not my buddy. 
 I came in here to take cover just like you. 
 Yeah right. 
 You were just out for a little walk with your AK-47. 
 (gunshots) 
 Give me your weapon! 
 Now, slowly! 
 Slowly. 
 Tell your friend we're coming out. 
 You're going to be my cover 'til we get to my Humvee. 
 Don't know who it is. 
 If we go outside, we'll both be killed. 
 Bullshit. 
 You're so sure? 
 Then lead us both out there to the slaughter. 
 Feel kind of nasty sneaking back to my place for a nooner. 
 (chuckles) 
 It beats the hell out of the hot dog stand. 
 There's a dirty joke in there somewhere that I am not going to make. 
 Do you wanna go away this weekend? 
 You know, no work. No rushing around. Just us. 
 Yeah. Okay. 
 Are you sure? 
 'Cause I know you've got Brukner to keep happy and Watkins to show around all week. 
 All the more reason to have something to look forward to at the end of it. 
 Papa! 
 Yes! Yes! 
 (in Arabic) 
 (in Arabic) 
 Yes, Papa! 
 (in Arabic) 
 I've been talking with several big sports buyers, focusing on fans of your father. 
 You don't have to say that. We all know my father was no hero. 
 That's not true. 
 I was too young to see him play, but my... 
 My dad used to tell me stories about him. 
 And that touchdown in the championship game against Miami? 
 That clip still gets 1,000 hits a week on YouTube. 
 And the clips of his arrest for assault? 
 How many do they get? 
 Look... 
 How about his suicide? 
 I'm not here to judge your father, and I don't promise the auction will resurrect his image. 
 But hopefully it'll help solve some of your financial problems. 
 My father wanted to be Magic Johnson. 
 He wasn't Magic Johnson. 
 He was just an angry, troubled man. 
 He beat my mother, and he beat the woman he cheated on my mother with. 
 He was a terrible business man, and now my family's left to pay the price for that. 
 Not if I can help it. 
 If you take a look at the estimates... 
 I did, and they're low. 
 Well, I'd rather not over-promise at this stage. 
 You do know we were approached by other auction houses. 
 I'm sure you were. 
 It's a great collection. 
 Now let me go through the estimates again. 
 I don't want you bumping these numbers up just to close a deal. 
 My mother's been through hell and... 
 I wouldn't do that. 
 Let's just sit down with some of the interested buyers, test the waters, and see if I can get the numbers to where you feel comfortable. 
 All right. Set it up. 
 You got three days to show me something real, or I tell my mother you and your boss are full of sh1t. 
 Okay. 
 We are in America, ya ibn'i. 
 Speak English here. 
 I want to come... (speaks Arabic) 
 Wish you could, ya Ammar. 
 Children are not allowed to work in the factory. 
 And besides, you have to keep up with your studies. 
 Are you doing the exercises in the math book I bought you? 
 Yes, but when can I go back to a real school? 
 Soon. 
 Soon I will save enough money, and we can all move into a new house... together. 
 Then you will go into a real school. 
 When? 
 (speaks Arabic) Stop pressuring me! 
 (laughing) 
 I need to speak to your father alone. 
 Okay. 
 (boy sighs) 
 (television sounds) 
 Shh. 
 Habiti, I need you to be patient. 
 It will all be worth it in the end. I promise you. 
 And in the meantime, we're trapped here. 
 I'm more trapped than you. 
 At least we don't have bombs falling on your head anymore. 
 At least give me credit for something. 
 Here. 
 Take what you need for food and for Ammar. 
 The rest, hide in the chimney. 
 This is all there is? 
 (laughs) 
 We have to give half to our supplier in Canada. 
 The rest we have to split four ways, and my share had to pay for the men to get you out. 
 The men you're working with, the American, if he gets in trouble, he will tell them everything about you. 
 He will not get caught. He has too much to lose. 
 And you don't? 
 He doesn't know that. 
 He thinks he is still trying to help me get you out of Iraq. 
 (scoffs) So you lied to him. 
 This way I get him to take the risk. 
 He sells the items, and when we have enough money that we never have to worry about it, me, you, and Ammar can go wherever we want and never look back. 
 I need you to be strong, to have faith in me. 
 (chuckles) 
 Careful, it's hot. 
 You okay? 
 I don't know, Ben. You tell me. 
 Well, Swift wasn't exaggerating when he told you about owing a casino in Macau. 
 He's got gambling debts there, in Vegas, private clubs in London and Dubai. 
 All told, he's into them for over 5 million. 
 What about Francesca? 
 Uh, no gambling debts. 
 Not a lot of assets, either. 
 A co-op in Manhattan, a small country house in Hyde Park are pretty much all her holdings. 
 Taxes on them have eaten up all her savings. 
 A lot of medical expenses, too. 
 (sighs) 
 How is Swift making payments on all his debts? 
 Those people don't just wait around. 
 No, they don't. 
 He had some savings from his late wife. 
 Late wife? 
 Mmm. 
 Madelaine Swift. 
 Died in a boating accident, 2011. 
 From an old wealthy family. 
 Left him a couple of million, but that's all gone now. 
 Looks like you came along at the perfect time for him. 
 I'd be careful, Roxanna. 
 If you think he's a real threat, call the police. 
 And tell them what? 
 He hasn't actually done anything. 
 It's all implied. 
 I can put a tail on him, if you want. 
 Can't hurt knowing what he's up to. 
 Do it. I want daily updates. 
 And not to my work email. I'll set up a temp account. 
 You've got it. 
 Eyes on him 24/7. 
 Anyone else you want me to watch? 
 The jar? It... Middle-Assyrian, yeah? 
 Yes. Uh, jade. Eighth century, B.C. from Nimrud. 
 Other than a few of the markings, it's in excellent condition. 
 It's amazing. 
 Didn't I tell you? 
 I love it. I mean, I... I don't even have to haggle. 
 Belinda said 200,000. Is that right? 
 That is acceptable. 
 How soon can we do the sale? 
 As soon as you like. 
 Great. If you just send me the chain of titles, I can get my office to check it out. 
 The owner is traveling right now It may take some time to get it from him. 
 Oh, well that's too bad. 
 Uh, well, maybe you can have him fax a copy over? 
 Would that be okay with you, John? 
 If it was anyone else but you, Belinda. 
 (chuckles) 
 I'll tell you what? If you can get him to fax a copy, I'll get things started. 
 Of course, I will need the actual documentation before the sale gets completed. 
 Of course. 
 I'll see to it right away. 
 Fantastic. 
 Perfect. 
 (radio static) 
 (echoes) Connor, here. Still pinned down in the same location. 
 Waiting for nightfall to attempt to pull out. 
 Does anyone copy? 
 If you will just let me use my mobile phone, I can call my two business partners. 
 You think I'm an idiot? 
 We are not insurgents. 
 Right. You're businessmen. 
 That's correct. 
 The hell kind of business man roots through an abandoned building in the middle of a war-zone? 
 That is my business. 
 In there. 
 Go ahead. Look inside. 
 Have my arms blown off? 
 Yeah, I don't think so. 
 Let me show you. 
 Don't you move. 
 Let me show you I'm telling the truth, and maybe you will let me help you before we get killed. 
 Nice and slow. 
 Slowly. 
 (gunshots) 
 Slowly. Slowly. I'm watching you. Slowly. 
 This is from the first millennium, B.C. 
 It will fetch over 50,000 US dollars when I get it across the border into Turkey. 
 You're a smuggler. 
 I'm a beggar. 
 Like everyone else in Iraq. 
 That is what this war has reduced us to. 
 I used to be an engineer. 
 My company is gone. 
 The building I worked in doesn't even exist anymore. 
 That's true of half the goddamn population. 
 That doesn't give you the right to plunder your country. 
 That's right, my country! 
 Not yours! 
 When this is over, you will go back to your shopping malls and big screen TV's and talk about how you saved us. 
 How will I feed my wife, my son? 
 I will not run guns or drugs. 
 I will not help the fighters. 
 Antiquities are the only currency I have left. 
 So don't talk to me about right and wrong. 
 I'm sure you've done plenty in this war that you wouldn't want to go tell your family about! 
 The guy you're looking for... that Hassan character? 
 Yeah, he's at the bus stop. 
 Yeah. 
 It's the significance of the achievement that creates the value, and some of these pieces are from the most celebrated athletes. 
 Look, I know you've got some solid items here... but the market's just not that hot right now. 
 What are you thinking? 
 Private sale or public auction? 
 If the price is right, private sale. 
 Otherwise, you'll have to take your chances at auction. 
 (sigh) 
 Okay. 
 I'll give you one point two for the gloves. 
 Giants ring, I'll give you another 300k. 
 Take a few of the jerseys, call it 100k a pop. 
 Let us discuss it and we'll get back to you. 
 Don't take too long. 
 Pleasure to meet you, Mr. Watkins. 
 I really was a big fan of your dad's. 
 Yeah. 
 Thank you. 
 Graham. 
 One more person tells me how much of a fan of my father they are... 
 They're not trying to stir sh1t up. 
 They really do mean it. 
 I don't care if they mean it. 
 I care about the offer, and his offer was sh1t. 
 That was on the low end, but that was just his initial offer. 
 If I can get him up to two million for the gloves... 
 No. I don't want his piecemeal. 
 That money lets your family keep their business and the youth centers running for at least six months. 
 And in the meantime, we can sell off more items. 
 No! 
 I want one big payday, and I wanna be done with it. 
 I thought your mother wanted to... 
 My mother is a very sentimental woman. I know what's best for us. 
 It's to make a killing and to be done with this nightmare once and for all. 
 If that's what you want, I'll make it happen. 
 Did Mason tell you to lie like that, or should I speak to him directly? 
 Look, we all have the same goal: to get you what you want. 
 We have two more buyers today and the sports museum visit tomorrow. 
 And I'd like to take you to dinner tonight. 
 That's not necessary. 
 Look, I want to. I want to. 
 I lost my dad when I was 12... and I know what it was like to me and for my mother. 
 I wanna help you. 
 I do. 
 Fine. 
 (phone vibrates) 
 (heavy sigh) 
 Go. 
 Not until you tell me what the hell is going on. 
 Why'd you come all the way out here? 
 I have been cooped up inside that plant for weeks. 
 I just needed to see someplace different. 
 Get out. 
 What? 
 Get out of the goddamn car. 
 You want me to get caught? 
 I want you to tell me the truth. 
 Tell me the truth. 
 I went to see a woman. 
 What woman? 
 Her name is Catherine. 
 I met her when I was staying in the motel. 
 She worked in the coffee shop there. 
 Look, I love my wife, but it's been a long time. 
 I don't know who you really saw... or why, but if this little trip leads the cops to you, I want you to know... that before you drag me down... I'll kill you. 
 Likewise. 
 Get down. 
 You stay down until we're back at the plant. 
 
 
 
 So, this is the Vermeer. 
 Another lost work after all these years. 
 Well, Uncle Avery kept things locked up pretty tight. 
 Come on, Aunt Francesca. 
 You must admit Roxanna is doing an amazing job curating this collection. 
 This is going to raise more money than anyone in the family thought possible. 
 She does seem very industrious. 
 Is there anything you wouldn't do to make this auction a success? 
 I'm here to help the Swift family in whatever way possible. 
 I've seen enough. Show me out. 
 And the lawsuit? 
 I'll drop it... assuming everything stays on track. 
 Thank you, Aunt Francesca. 
 You won't regret it! I'll... I'll be right back. 
 Mr. Watkins, Graham Connor. 
 I'm at the hotel as per our schedule. 
 I've got some promising buyers lined up for you to meet today. 
 Give me a call. Let me know if there's been a change. 
 (phone vibrates) 
 (whisper) Ah, sh1t. 
 Excu... excuse me. 
 Hi. I left something in Mr. Watkins' room yesterday, and he won't be back for hours. 
 Is there any way you could get it for me? 
 It's in room 108. 
 What is it you left? 
 An address, any information where I could find him. 
 How is that something you left? 
 He is an important client, and I need to find him. 
 So could you please look for me? 
 I can look, but I won't find nothin'. 
 Mr. Watkins checked out last night. 
 What are you talking about? 
 I cleaned the room last night after they left. 
 They? 
 Jesus Christ. 
 He and a woman... blonde, early 30s maybe, thin. 
 Well dressed, very attractive? 
 I wouldn't kick her out of bed. 
 Thank you. 
 sh1t. 
 Where is he? 
 Where's who? 
 Watkins! This isn't a game! 
 I just had a conference room full of high rollers walk out on me! 
 Did someone go off their meds? 
 Why? 
 Is it because of Brukner, Davenport, or is it because of what I overheard between you and Hewitt? 
 Screw you. 
 This is exactly what you do. 
 You did it with Mr. Williams, the Colemans, and now Watkins! 
 I don't even know who Watkins is! 
 The maid at the hotel said she saw him leave with a pretty blonde! 
 And I'm the only blonde in all of New York City? 
 Just tell me. 
 Is it 'cause I overheard you and your brother? 
 Brother-in-law! Don't you ever call him my brother! 
 I'm sorry. 
 Your personal life is none of my business. 
 I shouldn't have come here. 
 Oh, sh1t. 
 Probably would have done the same thing if I were you. 
 Actually would have found something more effective. 
 I'm sure you would. 
 You've made me a criminal. 
 I left the pub without paying. 
 So you think Swift's gonna pull the account? 
 I don't know. 
 Something's off. 
 I lose this account, my neck's all the way out. 
 Yeah, I know the feeling. 
 Sometimes I feel like I'm on the verge of having everything I want and then other times it feels like it's all gonna get taken away. 
 So what's the deal with Watkins? 
 Abusive dad, the verge of bankruptcy. 
 He wants a clean start. 
 Can't exactly blame him for that. 
 That's half our clients. 
 They think we can solve all their problems. 
 sh1t, if we could do that, we'd solve our own. 
 (chuckles) 
 You have problems? 
 Of course not. I was talking about you. 
 (chuckles) 
 Now we're gonna lose him. 
 To the phantom blonde? 
 To the realities of the situation. 
 He wants a bigger score than we can give him. 
 Sounds like he wants more than that. 
 He wants to be free of his father. Good luck with that. 
 (chuckles) 
 How would you handle him? 
 (chuckles) Well, how am I gonna beat you if I don't learn all your secrets? 
 I think there's a compliment buried in there somewhere. 
 That's two in one night. 
 Two? 
 You called me a pretty blonde. 
 No. No, the maid called you a pretty blonde. 
 And you thought of me. 
 You'll find a buyer. 
 You can be effective on occasion. 
 Didn't you say that I wouldn't last two minutes in this business? 
 Yes. 
 Opinions evolve. 
 Is that a compliment? 
 No, but it's as close as you're gonna get. 
 Take it or leave it. 
 I'll take it. 
 That is what they say. 
 I think I can take it from here. 
 Whoa. 
 I think you had too many club sodas. 
 (laughs) 
 Thank you. 
 You're welcome. 
 Uh, good luck with Swift. 
 Let me know if there's anything I can do, like bust his head open, or I don't know. 
 (laughs) 
 Just might take you up on that. 
 Please do. 
 Mmm. 
 It was really nice to put all our sh1t aside for a couple hours. 
 Yeah. It was. 
 But if you ever show up like that again... 
 (whispers) I'll bury you. 
 (laughs) 
 ♪ Focus on the light ♪ 
♪ Push against the dawn ♪ 
♪ We know they're out there ♪ 
♪ Shadows stain the floor ♪ 
♪ So like your bones ♪ 
♪ Disconnect the phones ♪ 
♪ Oh, they can't part ♪ 
♪ Turn to make a list ♪ 
♪ Count it one to ten ♪ 
♪ Crossing out the names ♪ 
♪ Runnin' to the end ♪ 
 (whisper) It's rude to stare. 
 Sorry. 
 I know we're both dealing with a lot of sh1t right now. 
 I didn't mean to add to yours. 
 Don't worry. You didn't. 
 Well, if the situation were different... 
 But it isn't. 
 So, why talk about it? 
 (sighs) 
 I'm gonna get going. 
 (sighs) 
 (cellphone vibrates) 
 sh1t. 
 She's looking for you? 
 Nah, it's Watkins. 
 He's meeting with Mason this morning, and I don't think it's to sing my praises. 
 I hope you're wrong. 
 About Watkins. 
 Yeah, I doubt that. 
 The guy hates me. 
 Maybe you'll surprise him. 
 Yeah. 
 Maybe he's evolved. 
 (door opens) 
 (door closes) 
 Excuse me. 
 Can I help you with something? 
 No. 
 Just here helping out a friend. 
 Huh. Who's your friend? 
 Todd Prescott. 
 All the details measured up and our... 
 And of course we can get our team on it as soon as possible. 
 Graham, do you know Darnel Griffin? 
 Just by reputation. 
 And I always shop in your department stores. It's a pleasure, sir. 
 Nice to meet you, Graham. 
 I'm sorry. I didn't know we had a meeting this morning. 
 Todd only came to me with his proposal yesterday. 
 His proposal? 
 Like Mr. Watkins' late father, Mr. Griffin is a strong believer in investing in the inner city, minority communities. 
 People should have decent stores, markets, businesses in their own neighborhoods. 
 You give them that and they become good customers. 
 That's a wonderful philosophy, Mr. Griffin. 
 It's my father's, too. 
 Except, unlike Mr. Griffin, he could never make it work. 
 Don't be too hard on your father. 
 I know he did some terrible things, and I'm sorry for all the pain he inflicted upon you and your family. 
 But he tried to fight his way out. 
 In the end, it was simply a battle he couldn't win. 
 I'm sorry. What does this have to do with the collection? 
 Mr. Griffin is going to buy it. 
 He's launching a chain of sports-themed restaurants, and I just thought it might be a great opportunity to features some of the items from the collection in the restaurants. 
 A sports version of the Hard Rock concept. 
 It'll be a good draw, especially in the inner cities. 
 Most of those families don't have the money to see their favorite sports heroes play in person. 
 But they can see a piece of them there. 
 That's a... It's a great proposal. 
 (chuckles lightly) 
 Congratulations all around. 
 Well, gentlemen, I gotta run. 
 Ed, I'll have my attorney contact you with more specifics in a few days. 
 Todd. 
 Mr. Griffin. 
 Mr. Griffin, thank you. 
 Can't tell you what this means to our family. 
 My pleasure, son. 
 Well, I've got a flight to catch, too. So I've gotta get going. 
 Oh, I'll drive you. We can work out the details on the way. 
 Thank you, and thank you. 
 Give your mother my best. 
 I will. 
 I'll be with you in just a second. 
 Very clever. 
 Pulling him out of the hotel. 
 Oh, is that what I did? 
 Huh! That's funny, because I thought you called Ed to tell him you were with him yesterday. 
 Thank you, Graham, for proving what I've been saying about you all along. 
 You're a liar! 
 And you're repeatedly putting these accounts at risk. 
 I mean, how many more chances are we really gonna take with this guy? 
 (door closes) 
 It was Todd who crossed the line. 
 You should be thanking him. 
 He used his relationship with Mr. Griffin and a great proposal to save this account. 
 Odell said you ran out in the middle of the day. 
 Again. 
 Brukner... 
 You have played that Brukner excuse for all its worth. 
 Brukner is over next week. 
 You better pray it goes well. 
 Without him, you have no life raft here. 
 The hell with 100 million. I wanna get you 150. 
 With all the press it's getting, I want to see us break a new record. 
 Seriously? 
 These guys love that. 
 Some idiot will pay an extra 20 million just to get in the record books. 
 You realize usually I am that idiot? 
 (laughs) 
 What about Swift? 
 Any chances of him stealing our focus? 
 I keep reading about this freakin' Van Gogh. 
 Nobody's even seen it. 
 Nobody's thinking about Swift. All eyes are on you. 
 Yeah, maybe we should do, like, uh... something at the library or a school. 
 Give away books. Kids... need more books. 
 I'm not sure what that has to do with the auction, but yeah, you know we... we can set something up. 
 You have to think beyond this auction. 
 I keep telling you, we are helping children. 
 We are helping the world. 
 And I am sick and tired of these cheesy podcasts and these radio shows. 
 I... I want a bigger audience. I need national TV. 
 Oh, we have the interview on Morse Stiles' TV show next week. 
 That's a boring new show. 
 We should do Kimmel, we should do Fallon. 
 Those are tough to get on. 
 Well, then what the hell am I paying you for if I can't get what I want? 
 Okay, okay. I'll have our PR department contact them. 
 But let's do Morse's show first. He gets a pretty big audience. 
 Ah... thank you, sweetheart. 
 Just keep 'em coming. Keep 'em coming. 
 What do you know about this Swift character anyway? 
 Which one? 
 The executor. 
 The one who's banging Roxanna. 
 Not much. Why? 
 You think they're serious? 
 I have no idea. 
 I don't even know if they're sleeping together. 
 Oh, I saw them at your buddy Davenport's. 
 Believe me, I know a hookup when I see one. 
 So what if they are? 
 She could be running that company one day, and I do not want to see her screw up. 
 Roxanna Whitman knows how to take care of herself. 
 Well... I'm going to keep tabs on this. 
 So, I want you to do me a favor. 
 Keep your eyes open. 
 Everything she does, anyone she does... 
 I want to know about it. 
 Sure, Sam. 
 Sure. 
 Forget it. I'm not doing a chain of title for Uzay. 
 We need the sale. 
 He shouldn't be out there making deals. 
 The FBI know that two Middle-Eastern men were involved in the Volkov killing. 
 So all Middle-Eastern men should go into hiding? 
 That's not what I'm saying. 
 No. You're saying you think you know what's best for us all! 
 Well, he's not buying it anymore. 
 And neither am I. 
 Well, I'm not doing it. 
 The chain of title. 
 It's best to keep him happy. 
 If you care so much about his happiness, you do it. 
 Tired of saving everyone's ass. 
 You think you're saving us? 
 The only reason you're still alive is because of me. 
 (door opens, closes) 
 Hassan : You patrol the Al-Mansur Museum. 
 Other sites. 
 You help us get in and out, and we will cut you in for a share. 
 Are you out of your goddamn mind? 
 Just make sure no one gets hurt... 
 Soldiers, as well as my business partners... 
 And you can help your family. 
 (gunshots) 
 Within a year, your share could be well over half a million dollars. 
 (gunshots) 
 Oh, sh1t. 
 Get down. Stay down. 
 (gunshots) 
 Let's go. 
 (breathes heavily) 
 (knocking) 
 Hey! 
 Hey. 
 Just give me two seconds and I'm ready to go. 
 Yeah. 
 Yeah, no worries. 
 And no rush. I requested late check-in. 
 The rush is I want to get the hell out of here. 
 It's been a long week. 
 Yeah, for me too. 
 That's all behind us now. 
 Yeah. 
 Yeah, it is. 
 Let me take these. 
 Thank you. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 