Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x01 - The Pecking Order - The Art of More 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x01 - The Pecking Order https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=501&t=29833 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 11/18/16 19:25 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x01 - The Pecking Order 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Graham :  Last season on  The Art of More. 
 Smuggled, stolen, and forged art is a $10-billion business. 
 Hassan : Within a year, your share could be well over half a million dollars. 
 Graham :  What do you know about Sam Brukner? 
 Davenport :  Well, he's bombastic, impossibly egotistical,  and yet, somehow, he has managed to assemble an amazing art collection. 
 Brukner : Some of my collection didn't come through the normal channels, whoever works with me would have to be ready for that. 
 That's not a problem. 
 My interest in you has nothing to do with work. 
 Really? 
 Really. 
 Roxanna :  Playing the game just right. Boss's granddaughter? 
 I know you might find this hard to believe, Roxanna, but I actually have feelings for her. 
 Roxanna :  Is that the secret to your success? 
 That you're a cocky sh1t who bulldozed his way into the business? 
 You mean is that how I stole Davenport away from you? 
 Tread carefully. She doesn't like to lose. 
 Roxanna : I signed the Swift collection. 
 Where are the good ones? The Rembrandts, the Van Gogh? 
 Man : This is all there is. 
 I'd love for you to tell me where you got the fake Van Gogh? 
 Mr. Connor, it's been too long. 
 You have a new life because of the work we did together. 
 Helping Hassan move stolen merchandise. 
 It's just one item. I told him he's on his own for the rest. 
 Does Davenport know where you get your supply? Does Brukner? 
 I'm not some master criminal, okay? 
 I'm just a guy who's looking over his shoulder all the time. 
 More risk equals more profit. 
 Isn't that what your little side business is all about? 
 Demir :  We're here to make money, as we did in Iraq. 
 Guard : What you doing back there? 
 (GUNSHOTS) 
 Graham : What did you do?! 
 Davenport : The FBI paid me an unexpected visit the other day. 
 Which is why I think I'll be spending some time in Croatia. 
 Everything's gonna be fine. 
 The feds are looking for Hassan. 
 The NYPD's looking for all of us. 
 I'll handle selling the pieces, you three just keep inside and stay out of trouble. 
 Demir : We have an untrustworthy partner. 
 You gotta keep them under control. 
 I'll try. 
 Graham, what are you doing here? 
 Uzay : Hands behind your head! 
 Come on, put the gun down. It's between me and you. 
 (GUNSHOT) 
 No! 
 No! No, no, no, no! 
 I'm sorry, I'm sorry... 
 Graham :  We're wasting time. 
 Man : Wait, who is it you want me to run down again? 
 Graham :  Uzay. Uzay Almasi. 
 Killed your girlfriend? 
 I understand why you want me to find him. 
 But how about we think of something a little bigger. 
 Bigger? 
 (MEN SHOUTING) 
 The Syrian-Iraqi caliphate. 
 Specifically, a man who funds them, known locally as "al-Masrifi." 
 Real Name: Paul Rice. 
 Graham :  Name sounds familiar. 
 Because he moves around in the high-priced art world. 
 Yeah, you guys like to put on your tuxes for each other and pretend to be clean-cut patrons of the arts, but your true business is just a little dirtier, isn't it? 
 They love Rice over in Iraq. 
 They loot the artifacts, he sells them here in the US, and gives the profits back to the caliphate. 
 Graham :  He's Muslim? 
 I highly doubt he believes in God. 
 What does Paul Rice have to do with me? 
 You help me nail him, I give you your freedom. 
 That wasn't the deal when I came to you. 
 You guarantee my family's safety and Uzay is captured, and I give Mustafa Vatan. 
 That's the deal! 
 I don't give a sh1t about some low-level stolen art supplier in Turkey, Graham. 
 You don't want my deal, here's what's gonna happen. 
 First, I'm gonna leave Elizabeth's body in that warehouse... 
 Piece of sh1t! Piece of sh1t! 
 And then I'm gonna nail your ass for aiding and abetting terrorism. 
 You'll be looking at life in prison where you can join your brother, who's got enough drug charges and suspected gang activity... 
 What are you talking about? What are you talking about? 
 What about your mother, huh? She's been helping you, right? 
 That would qualify as treason. 
 What are you even saying? Nobody's gonna buy that. 
 This day and age, Graham, we've been conditioned to suspect everyone. 
 Am I making myself perfectly clear? 
 Unless you want everyone around you to pay for your sins... you will get in with Paul Rice. 
 Okay. 
 Uncuff me. 
 I need them in New York by the end of the month. 
 The commerce minister himself has guaranteed their safe passage. 
 Good. 
 Eat it. 
 What? 
 Eat the food she prepared for us. 
 No, no. 
 Off the floor. 
 But that is filth? 
 Eat it. 
 Now you know how it feels to be treated like sh1t, huh? 
 Yeah? (CHUCKLES) 
 Right? Yeah. 
 (GASPS) 
 Make sure the crates arrive in New York. 
 (THEME MUSIC PLAYING) 
 Oh! I'm so sorry. 
 (ENGINE RUMBLES) 
 Graham : Hurry up. 
 Got it. 
 Okay, write 'em down. 
 Three calls to a Jamie Pollack. 
 Two to a Cole Stratton. 
 Seven recently to Kenton Applewhite. 
 Two to a... 
 Ah, sh1t! 
 I needed more. 
 Dude is quick on locking it down. 
 It's good to know you still got it, Trip, but I was never here. 
 Paul Rice? Such a blah name. You gonna rip this guy off? 
 I'm gonna do business with him. 
 I appreciate your interest, Mr. Connor, but I really don't need another associate right now. 
 This piece here. It's marble, obviously. 
 Probably first century. 
 No head, but it's clearly Aphrodite. 
 No one likes a showoff. 
 And I would assume you know your stuff after working at Parke-Mason. 
 Mr. Applewhite, I'm not normally this pushy, but I see an opportunity to grow your business. 
 Yeah, I don't want to grow my business. 
 I like personally knowing everyone and everything that comes through here. 
 A trial is all I ask. Two weeks. 
 You don't even have to pay me. 
 Why are you so determined to work here? 
 After Parke-Mason, I don't just want to work at a place that cares about sales. 
 I want to work somewhere that cares about art. 
 It's always been my escape. 
 A trial, huh? 
 Roxanna :  Grove in the Afternoon  was likely painted at the end of Van Gogh's Arles years. 
 It's truly stunning. 
 Unbelievable is the word I heard. 
 I never went to journalism school, Blake, but I think reporters are supposed to ask questions if they want answers. 
 There are rumors that the Van Gogh's a fake. 
 I can assure you and all of your ArtSnitch readers, the Van Gogh has been thoroughly vetted. 
 On top of that, we have an independent authenticator examining it. 
 And when will he or she be done? 
 I got my story ready to go. 
 How can you be writing a story without even... 
 New school of journalism. 
 Write the story that sells, hope the facts support you. 
 So what did that ArtSnitch prick have to say? 
 What'd you tell him? 
 That it's all a lie. I painted it myself. 
 There is no Santa Claus, and Rosebud was a sled. 
 I swear to God, Roxanna, do not try to screw me here. 
 Rest assured, I am in control of everything. 
 Well, I hope so, for your sake, 'cause I'm not taking the fall if someone else finds out the truth. 
 Having problems with Swift? 
 Oh, he's a nervous Nellie. Just need a little reassurance that we're gonna meet our estimates at the auction. 
 And are we? 
 We're going to exceed them. 
 You know, these last couple of weeks have been hard on everyone. 
 But you've really weathered the storm, I have to thank you. 
 I'm just happy I could be here for you after Miles's arrest. 
 About that. 
 His lawyers are confident that the prosecution doesn't have a case, and I don't think it's right to keep him out of the office any longer. 
 I mean, we can't presume him guilty. 
 And what if he is? 
 Okay, why don't you just go focus on the auction? 
 Right. 
 Brukner : This was my first major buy with my own money. 
 I tore it down, I built a corporate office building, and I made twice the profit. 
 (CHUCKLES) So, you see guys, I love happy endings. 
 Sorry to interrupt you, Mr. Brukner. 
 Your receptionist said come right in. 
 Oh, don't apologize, Detective, I was just finishing up here. 
 So, long story short, you're fired. 
 Um, so if you'll excuse me, I have a lot to do. 
 Doing a little spring cleaning. 
 Not gonna lie to you, it's cathartic. 
 Of course, hard to replace a good employee. 
 Yeah, I'm sorry again about Belinda. 
 Yeah. So, what's the update? 
 You find that little son of a bitch? 
 Oh, an eyewitness has come forward. 
 Said they saw this man in the lobby of Ms. Romero's building that night looking anxious. 
 Thought I'd see if you recognized him. 
 (BUZZES) 
 Woman : Hello? 
 Mrs. Mason? 
 Yes? 
 It's Graham Connor. 
 ("TWINKLE, TWINKLE, LITTLE STAR" PLAYING ON PIANO) 
 So, what can I do for you? 
 I wanted to pay my respects. 
 I'm not sure how much you heard about me from Elizabeth or your father-in-law. 
 Elizabeth and I were sort of dating. 
 Sort of? 
 No, I... I don't mean sort of. 
 We were. 
 Sorry, the music is, uh... 
 Oh. That's my niece. 
 She's 13. 
 We've had a lot of family here the last two weeks. 
 She's good. 
 I'm sorry I wasn't able to make it to the funeral. 
 I wanted to. 
 I actually got dressed. 
 I drove over there, but... 
 I don't know, I just... I couldn't. 
 Why are you telling me this? 
 Elizabeth was a... 
 She was... She was this light. 
 This unbelievably good person. 
 She treated me like a good person. 
 She didn't judge. 
 She was everything that I wanted... and needed, but I... I didn't know. 
 And then... 
 And then suddenly she was gone and, uh... 
 I'm struggling to face that. 
 I'm sorry. 
 (MUSIC CHANGES) 
 You probably thought it was "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star." 
 Actually, it's a piece called, " Ah vous dirai-je, Maman. " 
 Mozart did 12 variations on that familiar tune. 
 I've had 18 days of people telling me what they think I want to hear. 
 Or maybe it's what they need to say. 
 Either way, I'm sick and tired of it. 
 Yeah. 
 Thank you for your kind words about Elizabeth. 
 I have no doubt she meant something to you. 
 To be honest though, I think you're a coward. 
 Yeah. 
 Okay. I'm gonna go. 
 Sit down. 
 Please. 
 Give me a second. 
 We found this in Elizabeth's apartment. 
 It had your name on it. A gift, I imagine. 
 Police said they already questioned you, that right? 
 Yeah. Yes. Shortly after. 
 What did they ask? 
 Everything. 
 They wanted to know what I know. 
 So I told them whatever I could. 
 They said you're not a suspect. 
 I... I guess not. 
 (GRUNTING) 
 (WEIGHTS THUD) 
 If he's gonna keep staying here, he needs to join a gym. 
 Just working out all day. All day! 
 It's not healthy. 
 And why is he interviewing for a new job so fast? 
 Well, he doesn't exactly run things by me, Ma. 
 Graham, hold up. Hold up a sec. 
 (TV PLAYING INDISTINCTLY) 
 Uh... 
 Um, the light went out. Could you pick up some bulbs? 
 Yeah, sure, Ma. 
 So, I have a theory. You want to hear it? 
 Yeah. Sure. 
 Those new kinds of bulbs were designed by a guy who's very, very ugly. 
 So that in the future, all the people who thought they were pretty would look at themselves in that light and realize that they were, in fact, also hideous. 
 Yeah, except now that guy can't hide in softer light either. 
 He never hid. He knew who he was. 
 (CHUCKLES) 
 It's good to see you again, Katie. 
 Back at you, Connor. It's been a while. 
 Hey, bro. 
 Do me a favor, stop staring at her tits. 
 That's my girlfriend. 
 Hey, Mark, Tommy and I went to high school together. 
 Oh, now I feel better, knowing you already banged him. 
 Stop being an ass. 
 What? You yourself said you were a slut in high school. 
 I know when you want to screw a guy. You get that look. 
 Katie : How would you remember? 
 You bitch. Come on... 
 (GLASS SHATTERS) 
 Sorry. 
 You boys having a good time, huh? 
 Everybody's loving the party theme. 
 You should have eye surgery more often. 
 Ah, yes, more lasers lancing at my eyeballs, please. 
 A small price to pay to have all these Gorans and Borkos drink my wine, I suppose. 
 I thought I was there when the doctor said it was a success. 
 Did I imagine that? 
 I don't dare to guess... (PHONE BUZZING) what you imagine during the course of a day. 
 Best not. 
 Yes, Mike? 
 Mm-hmm. I see. 
 I'll think about it. 
 Well, then they'll have to wait 24 hours. 
 Someone's made an offer on the country house. Cash. 
 Arthur, that's fantastic. 
 Depending on your point of view. 
 Having the money to get the IRS off your back is good. 
 That's my point of view. 
 The IRS want me to sell my co-op as well. 
 It's that bad? 
 We can make things work. 
 Let's aim for the middle ground. 
 Watch our expenses. 
 I can cut back on the parties. 
 No. 
 Cutting back on the parties is not the answer. 
 It's who we invite. 
 I don't care if your crew is onto other things, it's backwards. 
 All due respect, I think it kinda works. 
 Kinda works? Are you the artist? 
 Are you gonna be the one that's responsible for explaining this to her? 
 Okay, okay. 
 We'll get it done by tomorrow. 
 Tomorrow? I'll just do it myself. 
 You better be careful, she's gonna be running your union by tomorrow. 
 Today. 
 
 
 
 Isabel. How are you? 
 Sam. 
 We got a problem here at the Schroeder? 
 They messed this up twice. 
 And they have no respect for the art. 
 Or the associate curator. 
 Yeah, but the board members, they don't fare much better. 
 I'm having a meeting with Marshall right now. 
 I'm gonna sing your praises. 
 Nah, don't do me any favors. 
 (CHUCKLES) 
 I wouldn't dare. 
 You cannot kick me off the board! 
 Everyone already voted. It's done. 
 Roger, do you realize how much money I give to this museum each and every single year? 
 Yes. That's why you had a seat in the first place. 
 You pussies. 
 You're so worried about anything or anybody that's not politically correct. 
 We're tired of deflecting questions about you. 
 You're an unending tornado of drama. 
 Oh, really, I'm a tornado? 
 Well, I hope you have a storm shelter, Dorothy, 'cause you're gonna need it. 
 It is zinc yellow. 
 What do we have, Alesha? 
 Well, we've gone through brush stroke, technique, aging... 
 The usual benchmarks, so far so good. 
 He looks friendly. 
 Cobalt blue. 
 Uh, Mr. De Groot... 
 Stay out of the room, please. 
 Of course. 
 Please, just let me know if you need anything in your examination. 
 And people say my pit bull looks mean. 
 You have a dog? 
 Yeah. Don't talk about him, though. 
 'Cause then I sound crazy obsessed. 
 His name is Moose. 
 He was my boyfriend's originally, but then I ditched the boyfriend, kept the dog... 
 (CONTINUES INDISTINCTLY) 
 Um, let me know the minute he authenticates it. 
 (LINE RINGING) 
 Come on. 
 You can leave it open. 
 I ran into Trip today. 
 Says to say hi to you. Thanks for the work. 
 Look, a few weeks ago, I helped you guard this place, then your girlfriend dies, and you start applying for jobs and robbing people. What the hell you up to? 
 Lower your damn voice! 
 Well, raise yours. 
 What the hell's going on, Tommy? 
 Shut the door. 
 Uzay killed Elizabeth. We made it look like a carjacking. 
 Jesus. 
 I think I can get to Uzay, but I need to go through the right channels. 
 What channels? 
 Someone Uzay works with. 
 I befriend him, I make the deals I have to, I get to Uzay, and I kill him. 
 And after that, most likely disappear. 
 You have any more questions? 
 Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to our little bridge event. 
 It's nice to see some old friends. 
 The name of the game today is making new ones, and taking their money from them. 
 (LAUGHTER) 
 We'll partner up by random number, and then after each game, we'll gird ourselves with more Plavac Mali to help us find new partners. 
 Zivjeli! 
 All : Zivjeli! 
 So, how are you faring? 
 I'm down. My partners have been terrible. 
 I don't give a crap about their bridge skills. 
 Ingrid's friend, the Nigerian. 
 Loaded via family company, looking to get into art, but doesn't have the first clue about it. 
 Thank God. 
 I can't take much more of this. 
 Arthur, there are easier ways to make money. 
 You have no idea who this guy is. 
 I know. 
 But he thinks he knows who I am. 
 Davenport :  What you have to do is focus on one artist. 
 Start with one piece, mid price, nothing astronomical. 
 Just enough for you to take pride in it. 
 Ingrid says you have a good eye. 
 Oh, Ingrid's very kind. It's just well trained. 
 Years of buying for myself and friends. 
 You buy for friends? 
 Well, from time to time I'm able to use my connections with dealers to get items before they come to market. 
 In fact, I'm headed to Paris this week for just such a cause. 
 Hmm. What are you going to buy? 
 Mmm. I don't know yet. 
 My friend says he has three unbelievable pieces. 
 But I should really only just buy one. 
 Perhaps if there was a truly great find that you didn't want, I might be interested. 
 Really? 
 Mm. 
 Oh, my gosh, your glass is empty. 
 We must take care of that. 
 (DOOR OPENS, CLOSES) 
 You're all set. 
 I installed security cameras covering the front and back entry. 
 And the entire building is way more secure than your last place. 
 And I can access the feeds from my phone? 
 If Miles was dumb enough to try anything, it wouldn't work there. 
 He's not dumb, he's determined. 
 That's my problem. 
 As is this. 
 He's not outright saying it's a fake, but he won't 100% confirm it, either. 
 Wants to take it back to his lab in Amsterdam. 
 Obviously, we won't allow it. 
 The auction has to move forward. 
 He doesn't say it's a fake though. 
 When somebody buys a lottery ticket, they know they're almost certainly gonna lose. 
 But the story, the fantasy is what they want to believe. 
 You mean Roland? 
 Yeah, he's prepped and ready to go. 
 Good. Get him out there as soon as possible. 
 Gotta hand it to you, Roxanna. You're always prepared. 
 Hope for the best, prepare for the worst. 
 Graham Connor. 
 Nice place. 
 Good stuff. 
 You should get one of those made of yourself. 
 Be a lot cheaper. 
 This? (CHUCKLES) 
 Mohamed Al-Fayed gave me one five years ago. 
 Made me look like a constipated albino. 
 How'd you know I was here? 
 Uh, your boss. Your new boss. 
 He called my office for a reference. 
 I was happy to help. 
 You gave me a good reference? 
 Just a reminder to let you know I can help still. 
 Or hurt. 
 Seriously, that's funny, Sam. 
 Belinda is dead. You know that. 
 Yes. 
 The police paid me a little visit the other day. 
 And they showed me this picture of this guy, Naz, Nazari? 
 That is his name? If I recall, you knew him. 
 I already went to the police and told them everything I know. 
 Which was? 
 Not much. 
 I don't know why I don't believe you. 
 Belinda worked for you for how long? Six years, right? 
 You know, she told me you never once remembered her birthday? 
 I will bet that I cared more about Belinda than you did, so if I could help you find her killer, I would. 
 You're probably not gonna see this, but you and I, we are the same. 
 We're both just a couple outsiders trying to punch our way in where they don't want us. 
 So we should probably work together. 
 (CHUCKLES) 
 We're on the same team. 
 You've only got one person on your f*cking team. 
 You've really got to work on that honesty thing. 
 Truth will out itself. 
 Christ almighty. Two heart attacks. 
 That I'm aware of. 
 Christ almighty. 
 I hate to be the one to tell you, but I am concerned about him, about the company. 
 And you need to know, as chairman of the board. 
 Concerned daughters write cards. 
 Enterprising employees schedule lunch meetings, so... 
 I am the future generation of DeGraaf's. 
 So when I see information being concealed, information that could seriously jeopardize this company, I have to put my personal feelings aside. 
 I believe you know he was considering retirement at the end of the year anyway. 
 Yeah. And Miles was his choice to take over. 
 In light of his arrest, can we really afford to have him be our face going forward? 
 It could make us weak and vulnerable. 
 Well... 
 I don't vote based on attack ads. 
 Is there something else? 
 Right now DeGraaf's is on track for another flat year as the market booms. 
 Each month we're ceding ground to Parke-Mason, and not only them, but the countless mid-size houses who pivot faster, and who cater to a widening clientèle base. 
 What's going on with our online platforms? 
 Nothing. 
 How are relations in the Far East markets? 
 Nonexistent. 
 Under my watch, we will aggressively target the next generation of collectors, introducing them to our world, but also addressing their needs and desires. 
 It sounds like an awful lot of change. 
 It could alienate long-term clients. 
 There's plenty of room for everyone. 
 It's a big tent. 
 Ha! I know you're not using Reagan against me. 
 That wouldn't be fair. 
 Well, he always did what he had to do. 
 I understand the Swift auction is entirely your baby. 
 It is. 
 Let's see how that goes. 
 Then we'll talk. 
 And, Roxanna, you may not want to admit this, but you are your father's daughter. 
 Vodka martini, please. 
 Have you talked to the IRS? 
 Maybe they'll let you keep your house? 
 Too late. Already sold. 
 Oh, I'm sorry. 
 Don't be. That's the cash I'm going to use for the deal with the Nigerian. 
 Think about what you're doing, Arthur. 
 If my opinion means anything to you... 
 It means a great deal, but I don't agree. 
 This isn't what I signed up for. 
 I don't want to be an accomplice to your schemes. 
 My schemes are what's keeping a roof over our heads. 
 We can figure something out. 
 Oh, really? And what would that be? 
 What was the last real job you held? 
 My work is starting to sell... 
 You sold one piece! One! 
 And that was because of my substantial efforts. 
 I seem to recall you offering. 
 Just like you offered to take me home that night and offered to score for me. 
 Yes, that's me. Always the provider, always the career opportunity. 
 The bank of Davenport never closes. 
 I don't care about the money! 
 Grow up, Silas. Everyone cares about the money. 
 Well, I was probably 22, 23 at the time. 
 I had just been hired by Mr. Swift as his personal assistant. 
 And that was when I first saw the Van Gogh. 
 In his office. God, he loved that thing. 
 Said it was like family to him. 
 Well, been in his family for so long. 
 I just hope it goes to someone who can appreciate it as much as Mr. Swift did. 
 Roland Haduck. 
 Mmm. 
 Is he credible? 
 People seem to think so. Everything checks out. 
 His real-life testimony's the kind of thing that really wins people over. 
 Agreed. 
 I've already sent this to all serious bidders, and strategic journalists. 
 Controlling the narrative, smart. 
 Now, if you'll excuse me, I owe Howard a return call. 
 (GRUNTING) 
 (ROCK MUSIC PLAYING) 
 Katie, how you doing? 
 Can I get a shot of whiskey, please? 
 You know, I was thinking about your guy with the lightbulbs. 
 Oh, yeah? 
 Yeah. Yeah, it's good to know who you are. 
 What are you waiting for, asshole? 
 900? 
 I have 900 from the gentleman in the back. 
 The bidding is to you, ma'am. Do I have 950? 
 950. 
 Do we hear one million even? 
 I never understood why he had that. 
 He wasn't even religious. 
 Perhaps he yearned for more perfect offspring. 
 "Let he who cast the first stone," please. 
 I've bigger things to worry about. 
 Fair and final... 
 Sold! 
 For 1.1 million. (APPLAUSE) 
 Congratulations, ma'am. You are blessed indeed. 
 Tom's a good auctioneer, but I could do without the puns. 
 He has his artistic rhythms. 
 I don't see the great harm in it. 
 How's that online portal, whatever thing coming? 
 The site that let's us do business like we're actually in this century. 
 We're making progress. It's a big departure for us. 
 I don't want to rush it. 
 $300,000? Do I have 300? 
 You know, the Ash that I knew 20 years ago, he wouldn't have distinguished between great harm and little-bitty harm. 
 Yes, 350 for the gentleman in the fifth row! 
 I'm asking for 400 now. 
 $400,000? 
 I have 400 from a bidder on the phone. 
 Graham, it's Kenton Applewhite. 
 Listen, we had a complaint from a big client, said you were dishonest with him, and, you know, I just can't have that. 
 I was hoping it would work out, but I just don't think you're the right fit for us. 
 Good luck with things. 
 Get in the car. 
 Yes, ladies and gentlemen, the star of the show this evening: Vincent Van Gogh's  Grove in the Afternoon,  an exquisite example of the renowned master's talent, truly a one-of-a-kind work. 
 I would like to open the bidding at 10 million US, please. 
 I have 10 million. 
 Do I have 11? I have 11. 
 Okay, people are bidding. This is good. 
 We're good. 
 These are chandelier bids. Nobody's actually bid yet. 
 Can I ask for 15? 
 When will they? 
 I have 15 million. -What if we don't make the reserve? 
 I have 17. 
 Well, you don't make any money and have to deal with the angry people you owe. 
 For me, everything will have been for naught. 
 Of course, if nobody bids, that means people don't believe this is real. 
 And it'll only be a matter of time before the forgery is uncovered and we both go to jail. 
 So, my other points may be moot. 
 Well, I'm not going to jail. 
 And if it comes to it... 
 Anyone? 
 Why is he slowing down? 
 I'm looking for $29 million for this masterful work. 
 The bidding has stalled. Right about where I expected it to. 
 Anyone? 
 At a certain price, people are willing to take a chance. 
 After that, you have to believe. 
 It's one of the true masterpieces of Western art. 
 Ladies and gentlemen, this opportunity will not present itself again in our lifetimes. 
 Do I have a better bid than 29? 
 33. 
 (CROWD MURMURING) 
 I have $33 million bid from the gentleman in the suit. 
 Do I have 35? 
 The believe. 
 Looking for 35... 
 I have 35. 
 sh1t. 
 Oh, I knew it. Goddamn. 
 I have 37. 
 39? I have 39. Thank you very much, ma'am. 
 It's 39 now. Goddamn. 
 I have 41. 
 45? 
 45 million is the bid. 
 After we sign the final papers here tonight, if you ever step foot in here again, I will burn your little world to the ground. 
 I will personally see Mr. Wu from the Atlas Casino in Macau has all of your information. 
 He is the one who wants to see you, right? 
 Going once. 
 Mm. 
 Twice. Sold! 
 For 57 million even. 
 (APPLAUSE) 
 Congratulations. 
 Congratulations, sir. 
 (MOUTHING WORDS) 
 Well done. 
 You out for a little stroll? A little Neosporin? 
 No. No, Ding Dongs, actually. 
 Yeah, always been my favorite. 
 I got to imagine Ding Dongs are pretty popular down at the FBI. 
 Give him another bruise, Boss. 
 What's going on at Applewhite's? 
 It's a waste of time. 
 Paul Rice doesn't do serious business there. 
 Yeah, but their phone calls. 
 No. 
 It's all about a small, legit sale for a mutual friend. 
 Me working there doesn't make me a viable middleman to him, so I quit Applewhite's. 
 I got a little metaphor I like to use with my Cls. 
 You ever buy free range eggs? You know it's bullshit, right? 
 I mean, technically the chickens are free range 'cause they're not in a coop with a thousand others. 
 They're roaming around a little bit outside. 
 Maybe even eating a little grass. 
 But their freedom's an illusion. Their movements are controlled. 
 And you're the chicken mas... Is she... Is he the chicken mas... 
 You're the chicken master? 
 I don't what the f*ck that guy's called, but, yes, I'm your goddamn master. 
 And that's the way it's going to be till you help me bring down that terrorist-funding asshole. 
 What about finding Uzay? 
 Yeah, I got priorities, Graham. 
 A, uh, pecking order, if you will. 
 Now to the NYPD, you're a big peck. 
 I mean, I could turn you over to them and they'd be happy to put you away for a long time. 
 But to me, you're a small peck. 
 A small peck who's going to help me take down Paul Rice, the great goddamn giant peck. 
 Peck. 
 What's going on with your contact in Canada? 
 I'm working on it. 
 Christ. 
 You know, you could be the perfect plant for a buyer. 
 A bona fide smuggler who works with legit establishments. 
 But now you're telling me, what? You can't do either? 
 That makes you useless to me. You got a week. 
 Get out of my car. 
 ♪ I wish that I had known ♪ 
♪ In that first minute we met ♪ 
♪ The unpayable debt that I owed you ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
 (LINE RINGING) 
 Where are you, Hassan? 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 