Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x05 - One Ton Depot - The Art of More 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x05 - One Ton Depot https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=501&t=24022 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 11/28/15 04:53 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x05 - One Ton Depot 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "The Art of More." 
 I'd love for you to tell me where you got the fake Van Gogh. 
 No one knows what else is in the collection. 
 If there's an undiscovered Van Gogh, who's to say there isn't an undiscovered Vermeer? 
 You're crazy. 
 My interest in you has nothing to do with work. 
 Really? 
 Really. 
 Just make sure than when your name is up in lights, my name is there, too. 
 I guess Brukner's feeling his way toward a decision. 
 Brukner went with Parke-Mason. 
 We have an untrustworthy partner. 
 His removal will make our lives easier. 
 We're already past 82.30 south. 
 Why didn't they meet us? 
 The storm must have them pinned down, too. 
 (shivering) 
 Not to worry. 
 Only 10 miles or so to One Ton Depot. 
 The storm passes, we move on. 
 Providence will see to it. 
 The balls those guys had. 
 To go all that way to the South Pole, and miss being the first men there by five weeks. 
 Supplies gone, relief party delayed and yet they kept on going. 
 That's a testament to the strength of the human spirit. 
 That's what makes this collection so special and so valuable. 
 You don't have to sell me. 
 Scott was a hero. 
 And to leave behind such an amazing legacy for his family... 
 We should all be so lucky. 
 Mr. Egerton, would you please excuse us? 
 May I have a word with you please, Todd? 
 Sure. 
 Do you know where Graham is? 
 No. He missed our conference call and he's not answering his cell, as usual. 
 We need him for the press conference this afternoon. 
 For Brukner? 
 No, we don't. He's done his part. 
 Why take any more chances with his erratic behavior on an account this important? 
 Brukner likes him. We don't want to rock the boat. 
 But I'll tell him that from now on, he needs to run all his appointments through you for approval. 
 And if he doesn't? 
 Leave that to me. 
 News Anchor : Russian underworld figure, Sergei Volkov and two of his associates were killed in a bloody confrontation at his Brighton Beach office at around 3:00 AM this morning. 
 Police sources suggest it was likely the result... (knock) of a mob turf war. 
 Hey. 
 Hey, man. 
 Hey, how you doing? Thanks for coming so fast. 
 Yeah, no problem. What's up? 
 I'm moving to a new apartment. 
 I need your help. 
 Yeah. 
 You want me to move some boxes, or rent a truck or something? 
 Yeah, we'll do all that. We'll do all that, but first I need you to go see a woman. 
 She's a real estate broker. 
 You tell her you saw this place online and you're interested in renting it. 
 You'll need to fill out an application and leave a deposit. 
 You'll go get an money order with this. 
 Hey. What the hell's going on, man? 
 I know this sounds strange, but I can't get into details right now. 
 You have to trust me on this, Luis. 
 Are you in some kind of trouble, man? Be straight with me. 
 Yeah. I am. 
 I am. But it, it's not what you think. 
 I'm after this big account. The bastards from DeGraaf's are watching my every move. 
 I need to operate off the radar until it's done. 
 Can you do this for me? 
 There'll be more room for you. You can stay as long as you want. 
 Yeah. Whatever you need, man. 
 Thanks. 
 Thanks, man. 
 (locks click) 
 (exhales in pain) 
 Man : It is my great pleasure to announce the Samuel Brukner Collection. 
 It will undoubtedly be the auction of the decade, with rare works by Cezanne, Canaletto, Monet, as well as Toulouse-Lautrec and Gauguin. 
 All proceeds will go to the building of the Emil and Anna Brukner Wing at the Queen's Children's Hospital. 
 What about the rumors that some of the pieces are stolen? 
 Those rumors have been exposed as lies. 
 I have a one word response to those rumors... 
 Bullshit! 
 (laughing) 
 Okay. You can't print that, so try this... 
 This auction, and more importantly this hospital wing, are a tribute to my parents. 
 I would never allow their legacy to be tainted by even a whiff of impropriety. 
 I have worked hard, and this city has been very good to me. 
 And now it is time to give back. 
 No child should ever want for decent medical care. 
 And it is up to each and every one of us to make sure that we do everything that we can for them. 
 They are our future! Thank you! 
 (applause) 
 That one's for the kitchen. 
 Right. 
 Can see the enemy coming a mile away, huh? 
 Hey, I want to give you something towards the rent. 
 Nah, don't worry about it. 
 I got that job, man. 
 Working at the Harlem Vet Center. 
 I'm their new transitional counselor. 
 That's great, man. 
 Yeah. I figure if I can help them, maybe I can actually help myself. 
 Karma, right? 
 Yeah. Karma. 
 Melissa wanted me to get the Brukner list from you so we could get started. 
 With so many lots, it's going to take us some time. 
 Yeah. We're still nailing it down, but I'll CC you both when he gets it to me. 
 You know, Melissa's going to be looking at this under a microscope. 
 She took those rumors very seriously. 
 Yeah. So did I. 
 Hey. Can I get one bratwurst on a stick, please? And one... 
 Veggie dog. 
 One veggie dog. 
 Seriously? 
 Can I get some ketchup with that? 
 And uh... there you go. Keep the change. 
 Todd. 
 No, I'm not at a client meeting. 
 Yeah, I know. 
 I'm just grabbing some lunch. 
 I'll see you back at 2:00. 
 Thanks. 
 You know, you could've just told him you're with me. 
 It's none of his business. 
 Besides, he gives me the evil eye every time he sees me talking to you. 
 He's known me since I was a kid. 
 He's protective. It's sweet. 
 Yeah and it's a little creepy. 
 Oh... 
 Aw, dammit. 
 That'll come out. I think. 
 Graham. 
 Sorry. 
 Can we walk over to your place? If I wash it out right away, I might be able to save it. 
 Yeah. It'll be a long walk. I live in Chelsea now. 
 When did you move? 
 A couple of days ago. 
 Is that a big deal? 
 No. I... I don't know. 
 It shouldn't be, but it is. 
 Okay. 
 You want to give me a more vague answer? 
 You're talking to me about vague? 
 You're the most cryptic person that I know. 
 I'm not cryptic. I'm just... I'm private. 
 Look, it's not you. I just... it's just how I've always survived. 
 "Survived"? You know, when you say sh1t like that it really weirds me out. 
 Why? 
 Because there is this whole other hidden side to you. 
 Don't give me that look. You know exactly what I'm talking about. 
 All of your secret meetings, taking off without a word, missing the Brukner conference. 
 The lies to Prescott. 
 Hell, to me too for all I know. 
 You know what? It's fine. Do what you want to do. 
 The day after tomorrow. 
 What about it? 
 It's the anniversary of my father's death. 
 My family always gets together at my ma's place to commemorate him. 
 It's the most important night of the year to me. 
 And the most difficult. 
 I want you to come with me. 
 You want to get to know me better? 
 You'll get a crash course in one night. 
 I don't know what to say. 
 Say yes. 
 Man : Open your goddamn eyes! They set me up! 
 You don't know that! 
 They were almost killed, too! 
 You're wrong! If I hadn't taken an extra... 
 How come you didn't go? 
 You have the nerve to ask me that? 
 I'm the one who warned you not to go! 
 You're the one who brought them into the operation! 
 I had no choice! 
 You got a choice. 
 You need to get rid of them. 
 It's too risky. I have to answer to people back home. 
 (door slams) 
 This will do for now. 
 I'm glad you approve. 
 We wouldn't have to move locations if not for you. 
 Oh, you got to be sh1tting me. 
 You're the one who walked us into that shit-storm. 
 I'm the one who got us out! 
 No, you're the one who started shooting! 
 He wasn't there to buy a mask! 
 The only thing that he pulled out of that desk was a Makarov 9 millimeter! 
 What kind of deal did you really make with them? Huh? 
 If we wanted you dead, you'd be dead already. 
 (shouting in foreign language) 
 (foreign language continues) 
 We have to cover our tracks. 
 The Russians will not let this go unanswered! 
 Who else knows about the meeting with Volkov? 
 No one. Every witness is dead. 
 Except the people in this room. 
 We have five items left. 
 We leave them here until things cool down. 
 If you're too afraid to move them, then go! 
 We don't need you. We sell the items ourselves. 
 Yeah, I saw how that worked out. 
 But you know better, is that right? 
 You sell to your rich friends with their Lamborghinis. 
 How do you know about him? You been following me? 
 I see you on my tail, you know what I'm going to do... 
 (shouting) 
 Don't let him bait you. That's what he wants! 
 Tommy Alahack! 
 He's the only one who can sell the items here safely. 
 But we don't wait. 
 We sell everything as quickly as we can, and then we go our separate ways. 
 Yes! 
 You see these? 
 There's one for me and there's one for Hassan. 
 You do not show up here until we have business! 
 And you do not set up any more sales! You got that? 
 I'll always get there first. 
 You think about that the next time you try something. 
 Hey, we keep meeting like this, Ray, people are going to talk. 
 I should be so lucky. What's up, Gwen? 
 Volkov. 
 What about him? 
 He was setting up a deal next week with the Veracruz Cartel. 
 Cocaine for guns. 
 We had a guy inside. 
 Undercover? That's great. 
 He know anything? 
 Be hard to ask him now. 
 Aw, sh1t. 
 Anyone taking credit for the hit? 
 Not yet. But we're still working our C.I.s. 
 Well, keep me posted, will you? 
 Will do. 
 Man : It's still too heavy out there. 
 One more day... we'll see calm and we'll all head out. 
 Together. 
 "We have been to the Pole and we shall die like gentlemen. If this diary is found it will show how we stuck by dying companions and fought this thing out well to the end. If you will please do your best to have our people looked after. My wife is a very independent person, but the country ought not to let my boy want an education and a future." 
 I've got to have it. 
 They come as a set. 
 The journal, the satchel and Scott's final bottle of whiskey. 
 A condition of the seller. 
 All three were found with Scott's body and the estate insisted they have to be kept as a unit. 
 Then I'll buy the whole thing. 
 We've had several pre-bids on it. 
 You're looking at 200,000 to 300,000. 
 It doesn't matter. Starting next month a friend of mine and I are backpacking around the world, that journal's going with me. 
 Sounds exciting. 
 It's always been my dream. 
 And I want to show my children that achieving your dreams lies as much in the attempt as the result. 
 If that's the legacy I leave them, then I'll die a happy man. 
 I'm sure your children will appreciate that. 
 I hope you get that journal. 
 Thanks. 
 This was the campsite. 
 And this cross atop Observation Hill serves as a memorial to Scott and his men. 
 It's quite something to see. 
 You've actually been there? 
 Uh, years ago. 
 When I was younger I wanted to be an explorer. 
 Scott has always been a hero to me. 
 Let me show you some of the equipment. 
 I think it would make a wonderful addition to your museum. 
 Just give me one moment, please. 
 Graham. Graham. Where were you this morning? 
 You had no meetings scheduled. 
 Is that true what you told that guy, about wanting to be an explorer? 
 Just don't change the subject! 
 You need to be accountable... 
 I'm asking you something real. 
 Yeah. I wanted to be an explorer. 
 I had asthma. 
 Keep your Outlook up to date. 
 What are you doing here? 
 I'm Private Connor. 
 112th. I'm assigned to this building. 
 I know that. I mean, what are you doing in this room? 
 It's off-limits. It's one of the few that wasn't ransacked. 
 What are you up to? 
 I'm not up to anything. 
 I see you staring at the Burney Relief night after night. 
 'Cause I like it. 
 I like looking at it. 
 What do you like about it? 
 The girl. 
 I know she's supposed to be a goddess. 
 But she's more than that. 
 Like she's powerful, but she doesn't have to prove it to anyone. 
 Her smile. It's peaceful. 
 I come here at the end of a shitty day and I look at her. 
 And I think, "When I know what she knows maybe I'll smile like that too." 
 Queen of the Night. 
 It's traditional name. 
 I used to come here as a little girl and pretend I was her. 
 I used to go the museum when I was a kid, too. 
 My dad. He loved this stuff. 
 I wish I'd listened to him more. 
 So, what else do I need to know? 
 My Uncle Devon's a great guy. But when he drinks, he can get a little friendly with his hands. 
 Oooh. 
 Okay. So, don't sit next to Devon. Got it. 
 And my Ma, well... there's no preparing you for her. 
 My interest is piqued. 
 Oh, and they... they call me Tommy. 
 I think that's cute. 
 Any racists? 
 Not that I know of. 
 Okay. Then we're good. 
 Ma! 
 Tommy. 
 Hey, Ma. This is Elizabeth. 
 Elizabeth, my Mother. 
 Mrs. Connor, it's so nice to meet you. 
 Thank you so much for having me. 
 Well, hello. 
 These are for you. 
 Thank you. I know it's not what you're used to. 
 No. You have a lovely home. 
 And I'm so honored you guys let me be part of such a special evening. 
 (chuckles) Please go on in. 
 Oh! What, you don't get up? 
 Hey! Tommy! 
 Uncle Devon! How you doing? 
 How you doing? 
 Good. Elizabeth, this is my Uncle Devon... 
 Hello. 
 His wife Jenny, Hi, it's nice to meet you. 
 It's nice to meet you. 
 Score. 
 Where's Ryan? 
 Who knows. 
 I tried his new cell, nothing. 
 Ah, can I get you... a drink? 
 Uh, we're drinking whiskey in my husband's honor. 
 He loved Canadian Club, but you can have what you want. 
 Wine? 7-Up? 
 No, no. I'll have a whiskey. 
 Okay. 
 I'll get it for you. Ma... 
 Thank you. 
 Okay. 
 Thatta girl! 
 Ryan? 
 Let me talk to you. You stay there. 
 Hi, homie. 
 What the hell are you doing bringing him here? 
 None of your goddamn business. 
 This is dad's night. This is about family. 
 And that girl you said you're going to bring, is she family? 
 She's important to me. 
 I'm trying to change things, all right? 
 Maybe if I get on his good side, life'll get easier. 
 I'm not trying to make things harder for you, but he's not having dinner in this house. 
 Just relax. I never said he was. 
 He's just picking something up. 
 Just one second. 
 What are you doing coming to my mother's house? 
 It didn't bother you when we ran together. 
 That was a long time ago. 
 Right. Now you're legit. 
 Except for when you hide a mask in your basement. 
 Hey, did you get that back to your homie? 
 Yeah. It's been taken care of. 
 Good. Now, about that favor. 
 You know your girlfriend, I heard she comes from some serious coin. 
 What's that to you? 
 I need to grow my business. Just like you. 
 Bigger and better. 
 She's not into that sh1t. 
 Well, I bet some of her rich buddies are. 
 You know that crowd, they got the money to be some big-time customers. 
 Look, you hook me up, we'll call it even. 
 You know, I might even wipe out Ryan's debt. 
 Otherwise, who knows what might happen to him. 
 You touch my brother again and I'll put a bullet in your head. 
 That's up to you, Tommy. 
 You say you want to help him, but are you willing to put your own sh1t on the line to do it? 
 Tell Ryan I'll be outside. 
 
 
 
 (locks click) 
 We finally get to the zoo and it's closed that day. 
 But Pat says, "I brought my boys all the way out here to see animals, dammit, we are going to see animals!" 
 So, we hopped the fence and in we went. (laugh) 
 The whole family? 
 No, Devon, Pat and the boys. 
 If I was there, you can bet I would have stopped it. 
 And lucky you didn't all get hauled off to jail. 
 Hm, I was there? I don't remember that. 
 Yeah, you were three. You cried when Dad hoisted you over the fence, but as soon as you got inside you didn't want to leave. 
 Until the security guards showed up. 
 Did you guys get in trouble? 
 Nah! 
 Slap on the wrist. 
 Pat told them that we done it for the boys. 
 Dad could talk his way out of anything. 
 Yeah, made you think you could do the same. 
 You make it sound like Dad was always messing us up. 
 It's not like he was some criminal. 
 Dad loved adventure, but you know, he taught us other things, too. 
 Like what? 
 What did he teach you? How to run away from the world? 
 Danielle, please. 
 No! Tommy wanted this night. 
 He dragged you all here for some kind of tribute. 
 Well, I'd like to know. 
 You tell me why we're digging up the past after all these years? 
 I thought you guys do this every year? 
 We used to. When we were kids. And then we stopped. 
 You got to let things go eventually. 
 It's been 15 years, Ma! 
 Can't we just take a few hours out to remember the man without being at each other's throats? Please. 
 You take more than a few hours out! 
 You use him as an excuse for every goddamn thing you do. 
 I never had that luxury. Excuse me. 
 Because I had a family to raise. 
 Aw, jeez. Look, you don't have to do that. 
 No, no, I want to help. 
 How long you been seeing each other? 
 Not long. About a month or so. 
 And he brings you here. 
 Um, I don't mean it like that. 
 It's just, um, a little fast. 
 You're right. It is. 
 But I'm... I'm glad I'm here. 
 Getting to meet all of you. 
 I just wish I could have met Mr. Connor. 
 He certainly seems to have had a strong influence on everyone. 
 I didn't mean to say anything against him. 
 No. 
 He was a good husband, father... 
 The truth is it's very hard for me, thinking about him, yeah? 
 Elizabeth... my son is very impulsive. 
 Keep your eyes open. 
 Make sure this is what you want. 
 Because I'd rather you get out now than hurt him later. 
 So the rules are simple. 
 You say something you loved about Pat and you take a shot. 
 I didn't know him. 
 Well, say something about one of us. 
 I love how he makes your eyes light up when you talk about him. 
 I loved the trips to the museums every Sunday. 
 I love that he taught us about art, and beauty and that those things belong to everyone. 
 To you, Dad. 
 (glass clinks) 
 I loved that, um... no matter how old, tired or cranky I got... he always saw me as that pretty, young waitress he used to flirt with. 
 So here's to you, Pat. 
 It's so nice to meet you. 
 Talk in a bit. 
 Oh, and this is Uncle Albert and his lovely wife, Jennifer. 
 Hi, Jennifer. 
 This is Roxanna Whitman. She's heading the account. 
 Oh! And here are the cousins. This is Jerome. 
 Hi, there. 
 And cousin Gabrielle. 
 Gabrielle. Oh, excuse me. 
 (phone vibrating) 
 You know what, I have to take this. 
 Yeah, sure. 
 Very nice to meet you. 
 What? 
 About time. 
 I have been leaving you messages all day. 
 In the paper, Sam? 
 I read about you signing with Parke-Mason in the goddamn paper! 
 You mean like I read about you and Swift in the paper? 
 So what? This is payback? 
 No, look... why don't you come to my place tomorrow night? 
 No! 
 You made your choice. 
 I have a real account to get back to. 
 And this is my room. 
 Very cute. 
 Yeah, she likes to keep those in here. 
 What? No pictures from your teen years? 
 Only mug shots. 
 I know it wasn't easy, you bringing me here tonight. 
 Five years in Iraq, I think I can handle five hours in Bensonhurst. 
 Touché. 
 God. You must have seen things over there I can't even imagine. 
 Yeah, but I also saw beautiful things. 
 Iraq gave me back something that died with my father. 
 My love of art. 
 And if you can understand that, then you know the most important thing there is to know about me. 
 A lot of them claim to have been up to the house in Newport. 
 If we show them a piece they don't recognize... 
 They'll think about how much money it'll bring in and they'll keep their mouths shut. 
 My Great Aunt Francesca. 
 What is it? 
 It's from her lawyer. 
 She's contesting the will. 
 (giggling) 
 Whoa! 
 Are you okay? 
 Yeah. 
 Be careful. 
 Hey, I've had like five shots of Canadian Club. 
 What do you expect? 
 I've seen you put away twice that much. 
 sh1t. You're right. I'm slipping. 
 Not to me. 
 ♪ Let you in, turned you out ♪ 
♪ Who are you with? ♪ 
♪ They're missing out ♪ 
♪ Ooh ♪ 
♪ I can't wait ♪ 
 What? 
 I got to take my shoes off. 
 ♪ I can't wait ♪ 
♪ No ♪ 
♪ Just a taste that you twisted ♪ 
♪ I know when you're ready ♪ 
♪ The full thing will get you addicted ♪ 
 (moaning) 
 ♪ I know when you're ready ♪ 
♪ I know you want me, baby ♪ 
 Scott's group took this photo the day after they reached the Pole. 
 I wonder if they had any idea this was the last photo they'd ever take. 
 Oh, the journals showed that they maintained an amazing optimism, even in the face of everything that went wrong. 
 It's really a... an inspiring message. 
 I'd love it if we could get Scott's journal for the university's history department. 
 Oh, it's being sold as part of a set with the satchel and the whiskey bottle. 
 At far beyond our budget, I'm sure. 
 I could put a call in to the board. 
 Is Mr. Prescott taking good care of you? 
 Yes, Todd is always very helpful. 
 Todd? 
 He's been a guest speaker at the university several times. 
 But you probably already knew that. 
 Of course, of course. 
 I've got this, Graham. 
 It's okay. I have to go anyway. 
 If you could talk with the board before the auction. I know how much respect they have for you. 
 It would be my pleasure, Diane. 
 Thank you. 
 How many times do I have to tell you to stay out of my way when I'm talking to a client? 
 I'm sorry. I didn't realize she was someone special. 
 That's none of your business. 
 Okay. I get it. 
 I don't think you do! I don't think you could ever grasp the concept of someone being special. 
 People are just objects for you to play with, aren't they? 
 Are you done? 
 I know about you and Elizabeth. 
 So? You think you can leverage that? 
 I don't need to. You'll screw that up all by yourself and then you'll be out on your ass where you belong. 
 A soulless hustler who finally pushed his luck too far. 
 (techno music playing) 
 Will I see you later? 
 You perhaps so. 
 (laughs) 
 Listen to me, if you're serious about a gubernatorial run for 2016, these kind of outings, the wild parties, they've got to stop. 
 That is such Sunday School horseshit! 
 If you ask me, people are fed up with these do nothing, two-faced politicians. 
 They want something real. 
 And I'm going to give it to them. 
 I am not going to apologize for my life. 
 A man of great passion who worked himself up from nothing to achieve the epitome of the American dream. 
 And yes, he made a few mistakes along the way, but he learned from them and he grew from them. 
 And because of them it gives me more empathy and more understanding for the common man. 
 Are you listening to me? 
 Yes. 
 Because sometimes I don't know. 
 I'm on it, Sam. 
 Good! I want to announce my exploratory committee right after the auction. 
 (girls cheering) 
 (techno blasting) 
 Oh! You made it! 
 I'm here! 
 Your friend Nazari here, he bet that you wouldn't show. 
 All right Nazari, you've got to have two shots now. 
 I'll tell you what, Sam, if you do two shots, I'll do three. 
 Deal! 
 Have a seat Graham, you have some catching up to do. 
 Excuse me, ladies. 
 Here is to the great state of New York! 
 (cheering) 
 What are you doing here, Nazari? 
 I just got into town. 
 I have some wonderful new pieces to show you. 
 I figured you wouldn't want to wait. 
 Why didn't you tell me that you were friends with one of the biggest art dealers in Istanbul? 
 Well, I have to have some secrets, don't I? 
 Graham is one of my best customers. 
 Anything I get, he's always my first call. 
 So he knows he'll never be able to get rid of me. 
 Shall we? 
 Yes. 
 When you brought me that first statue, you said you had plenty more. 
 I haven't seen anything lately. You holding out on me? 
 I didn't think it was a good idea for you to be buying questionable items right now. 
 Well, that is my decision, not yours. 
 If you've got stuff, I want to see it. 
 Now take the stick out of your ass and drink. 
 Cheers. 
 (music blasting) 
 (people cheering) 
 Take my advice. Stay away from that guy. 
 Jealous? 
 Trust me. You don't want anything to do with him. 
 What I want is to get my art dealership up and running. 
 And since you haven't done sh1t... 
 I got you that meeting with DeMaio. 
 Who turned out to be a flake! 
 What I want are real clients and real merchandise. 
 I want to give my notice right after this auction, so if you can't help me, I'm going to find someone who can. 
 And there goes your inside line to Sam. 
 You know she speaks four languages? 
 Say, "You're a wonderful dancer, Nazari," in Italian. 
 (speaks Italian) 
 Then we must be dancing, uh? 
 [i]Ciao. I'll take another one. Another drink! Man : Next up, we have Captain Scott's satchel... his last bottle of whiskey and his journal. In this journal entry, believed to be Captain Scott's final words, he bravely says farewell to country and family. I'd like to start the bidding at $200,000. I have 200,000. Thank you. Do I hear 210? 210. 210. Very good. Do I hear... ah, 220 from the lady on the phone. Thank you. Do I hear two... 250. 250,000 from the gentleman in the front row. Thank you. Do I hear 260,000? How high can your friend go? Not high enough I'm afraid. (auctioneer continues) For what it's worth, I'm sorry. Don't be. I drove up the bidding price at least a hundred thousand dollars with a phone call and a kind word to a lonely woman. I have 290,000. That's how it's done. You really don't give a sh1t about the outcome? I thought you cared about her. I do. But this is business. And unlike you, I don't mix the two. (auctioneer continues) 340! At 340,000 from the gentleman in the front row. Do I hear 360? $340,000 is the bid. Going once, twice. Fair and final warning. Sold to the gentleman in the front row at $340,000. There are other lots for much less. You should stick around. I was only authorized to bid on the journal because of its historical value. Auctioneer : A set of artifacts from Captain Scott's final journey. Now, I'd like to start the bidding at $50,000. Do I hear 50,000? I have 50,000. Do I hear 60? I have 60,000 from the lady on the phone. Thank you. Can I get 70,000? Don't help me! I'm not an invalid. It's a pleasure to meet you, Mrs. Newcombe. All right. So I'm here against the advice of my counsel. So, out with it. Aunt Francesca, for the good of the family, I would like us to work something out. How is me giving in to thievery good for the family? The arts endowment was Mr. Swift's dying wish. Don't speak to me, young lady! Your role in this is beyond contempt. You manipulated a sick old man! No, I assure you that he knew... I... I know that you are mad. But you have to understand that we will actually come out ahead this way. By giving away half of all the things that this family spent a hundred years collecting? It was Avery's dying wish. Not to mention that the auction will get us a lot more than we could privately. If you drop the suit, you will be saving us all years of litigation and legal fees. This is not about money, Richard. Avery trusted you, and you have utterly betrayed his faith. Well, I wouldn't say... I will not make the same mistake. Well, that went well. Don't worry. I will turn her around. Yeah? How the hell are you going to do that? I have other allies in the family. People she might listen to. My cousin Steven. He's an asshole, but at least you can reason with him. Kind of like your brother-in-law. What about my brother-in-law? Oh, it's just that he came sniffing around my place the other day. Why didn't you tell me that? Well, it's no big deal. He wanted to see the collection. I told him it wasn't ready, but you were on it. He's not going to be trouble for us, is he? No. I can handle him. But if he contacts you again, you tell me immediately. Yeah. That's great, Ray. Thanks for the intel. NYPD has a C.I., said that Volkov met with two Middle-Eastern guys a couple of days before the hit. Weapons buy? Didn't know. Let's cross check with CIA and Homeland Security. I haven't heard any chatter, but maybe they have. (chime) Really? A fancy new car? I thought we weren't supposed to attract attention. Try telling Uzay that. He showed up at the club last night. I know. He told me. Not only could he've got all of us arrested, now Brukner's hot for more antiquities. And we don't have anything like the Gudea to give him. Maybe we do. Assyrian necklace, 8th century vase... What is this? From a dealer I knew in Damascus. He fled to Canada. If I help him get it into the U.S., I... we... get 50%. How much is that? Two or three million dollars, Tommy. Even Black Market prices. Think about that. That's probably why Uzay went to talk to your friend. You told Uzay and Demir about this before me? I need money. You want out. You play us off against each other, we all end up in a ditch! I'm not playing anyone! Look, I know you've got history with them, but they are crazy and careless. And if we don't do something about it, they're going to get us all killed. As long as the business is running and we all have value, they will stay in line. Right. Yeah, like Uzay did last night? I will get the shipment. I don't need your help. I'll move it myself! For how long? Till the Russians come kill us? Till the F.B.I. takes us away? Until I can get my family out of Iraq! How much money do you need, for christsake? Have you tried to bribe Iraqi officials lately? I'm going to need help finding the easiest border crossing to get the shipment across. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 