Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x02 - 1:00 P.M. - 2:00 P.M. - 24: Legacy 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x02 - 1:00 P.M. - 2:00 P.M. https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=827&t=30886 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/06/17 00:00 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x02 - 1:00 P.M. - 2:00 P.M. 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on 24... 
 Majority Leader : Six months ago, U.S. Special Forces  launched an assault on the compound of Ibrahim Bin-Khalid, killing him and eight members of his terrorist organization. 
 Ben : Bin-Khalid's people found us. 
 Where is it? 
 A strongbox that belongs to Sheik Bin-Khalid, taken from his compound  the night your squad came and killed him. 
 (GRUNTING) 
 Carter?  
 We're blown, the whole squad. 
 Grimes and I are the only ones left. 
 Three people had access to our new names: the directors of CIA, NSA and CTU, which is now Keith Mullins. 
 You're the one who chose me as your replacement. 
 You need to trust me to do the job. 
 Rebecca, what is this? 
 (GROANS) 
 (STUN GUN CLICKING) 
 Nilaa :  Is Rebecca having second thoughts about giving up her career? 
 Donovan : You're gonna make a great First Lady. 
 Nilaa :  Maybe part of her  doesn't want you to win and have everything change. 
 You're overstepping. 
 I think Amira's gonna do something, bad, violent, here at the school. 
 Drew saw our messages. 
 What? 
 He thinks you are planning an attack at the school with someone, he doesn't know it's with me. 
 What are we doing here? 
 I'm getting you safe. 
 Isaac's not on anyone's books, he's got guns, he's got men, he can protect you. 
 Nicole : You think because he's your brother he's just gonna forget what happened? 
 There is something inside that box and they're after it, so where is it? 
 Ben :  What is it? 
 It's a list. 
 Sleeper cells. 
 These codes go out, they launch attacks all over the country. 
 (GROANS) 
 Carter :  Where's the chip? 
 Government wants this list, they're gonna have to pay up. 
 Please don't do this. 
 Ben! 
 The following takes place between 1 p.m. and 2 p.m. 
 Events occur in real time. (SIRENS WAILING) (SIRENS WAILING) (PHONE BEEPS) Rebecca, it's Carter. Ben got away. Please tell me you're still tracking him. We were, he left the construction site heading east, but we lost him on 13th. I found out why Bin-Khalid's people wanted the strongbox. Inside there was a flash drive containing a list of sleeper cells that Bin-Khalid set up here along with all the codes to trigger their attacks. It looked like 15, maybe 20 cells but I didn't have the list for very long. He said he'll sell it to the terrorists if we don't give him what he wants. I am still waiting to find out what that is. Do you believe he'd really do that? He's angry, and he's unstable. I do. We'll keep looking for him here. Let us know if he makes contact. Yeah, I am heading over to 13th. (HORNS HONKING) Keep looking for Grimes.I 'm going to talk to Keith. (SIGHS) (DOOR OPENS) Rebecca, what the hell's going on? Have you lost your mind? Keith, listen to me. No, let me out of here, now! I can't do that. Not until I know if I can trust you. Trust me? Because I'm the one who's acted completely out of bounds? The Ranger squad that killed Bin-Khalid was attacked this morning. Four of them were murdered and their families. What are... The Rangers were living under new identities that only three people had access to, the directors of CIA, NSA... and you. And you think I gave them up? No. I don't. But I have to be sure. I want to clear you, but I need your help. How? I want to get into the CTU's subnetwork to find out who accessed the Rangers' files. To do that, I need your director's override. My override? Once I identify the leak, I can track them back to the people behind this. Keith, killing the Rangers is only the beginning. These people are planning attacks against this country. I have no way of verifying what you're telling me, but, what? I'm supposed to give you unfettered access to the system? Why would I make all this up? Do you really think I want to be doing this? I'm supposed to be with my husband, Keith, helping him with his campaign, now give me the damned override so I can get you out of here and get back to my life. The override key is in the personal safe behind my desk. The code is 206-207. Thank you. (SIGHS) Ben! Whoa! (CARTER PANTING) Look, I'm not gonna hurt you. The man who gave you this jacket, did you see which way he went? Where'd you serve, man? I was in Afghanistan, Yemen. 75th Infantry. Rangers lead the way. That's right. The man you're looking for ran toward that fence, near the railroad tracks. Thank you, thank you. Mullin's override got me into the subsystem, but I still need to parse the logs. Andy, will you be able to find the leak or not? Yes, but I don't know how long it'll take. (PHONE RINGS) Carter? Ben went into the storm drains at First and Pierce. The city doesn't have any cameras down there. And there are literally thousands of exit points. Yeah, Ben knows that. He's been doing this a while. (PHONE ALERT BEEPS) This is him. I'm gonna join you in. Listen, Ben barely trusts me so he can't know you're on, okay? Understood. Andy will run a trace. (PHONE BEEPS) Ben, talk to me, man. I want $2 million. Not enough for what I've been through, but it's the most I can carry. Ben, you know I can't ask the government for that kind of money. This is not an official operation. It's not my problem. You get me the money or I call Bin-Khalid's men. I took one of their phones at the construction site. Please, man, listen, you're strung out and you're not thinking straight. Eric, I've never been more clear in my life. Show up at the 7th Street metro station with my money in one hour. An hour? Ben, you got to give me more time. For the government to find me? No, you show up on time with the money, you get the list. If any of those things don't happen, Eric, I will sell the list to Bin-Khalid's people. Period. Ben! Carter, there's no way I can get my hands on that much cash in an hour. Not as a private citizen. There's nobody in the government you can ask? No one who'd even entertain it. And in any case, the request would go into the system and alert the leak. Okay, okay. I have an idea. I'll get back to you. Carter? (PHONE BEEPS) (KNOCK ON DOOR) Hey. So you can change. Or I could get you something else if you want. No, thanks. All right. Isaac, um... is everything all right? You seem... I don't know. It's been a rough year. Other people wanting what's mine. You can always get out, you know. (SOFTLY): Yeah. Look, I got a deal about to go down with some Dominicans. Right? They're gonna move my product on the north side. That'll put me back on top. I'll be a'ight. (PHONE BUZZING) (PHONE BEEPS) Yeah. What? How's Nicole? She's fine, like I said she'd be. What, you called to talk to her? No, there's no time. Listen, I need a favor. What? I need money. How much money you talking about? $2 million in cash. (CHUCKLES) How about I throw in a Ferrari, man? I'm serious, Isaac. Don't matter if you are, I don't have it. Is there anyone else you know who might have the money? Well, ain't nobody got more money than the cops, so try them. They busted a big heroin deal last week. I heard they ceased 100 kilos and the money for the buy. They got $4 million in cash. All right, so where would the cops be keeping the money? No, I wasn't being serious. Where, Isaac? It's at the main precinct on Third. It's probably in some evidence lockers, but, look, ain't no way you're getting it out of there. Yeah, we'll see about that. No, look listen, listen. That money is surrounded by a hundred cops, all right? All kinds of security down there. (ENGINE STARTS) Isaac, I got no other options, man. So Nicole was right. What? She, um, said you've been having issues since you got out the Army. That you're not happy. She told you that? Yeah. She thinks you miss what you was doing over there, all the fighting, killing or whatever. That you need it. Yeah, well, that's not why I'm doing this. You sure about that? Tell yourself whatever you want, but going into the police station is a suicide mission. Yeah. Be careful, Isaac, 'cause it almost sounds like you care. Eric? (PHONE BEEPS OFF) Jadalla... police found three bodies near the train yards. From the description, it sounds like Malik and his team. What about their targets, Carter and Grimes? Two men were seen fleeing the area. They could be anywhere by now. Keep monitoring police networks. Find Carter and Grimes. The Americans probably have the list by now. Your operation's failed, Jad. You failed. So what are you saying... we should go back home? No, we have men and weapons. We move now, pick a target and launch our own attack. We're here to finish what my father started. I respect you as his son, but you're not a soldier like him. Your father fought the enemy from caves while you were studying at Oxford. But I am here now... like my father always wanted. You've told me you loved my father like a brother. Prove it now. Help me get the list and launch the sleeper cells. (BOYS CHATTERING, LAUGHING) Hey. Mr. Harris called me into his office. He wanted to talk to me before he went to the principal. I had to tell him about the text, okay, I had no choice. It's not what you think. Amira, you are planning an attack at school. Please! Please, Drew. Let me at least try to explain. After we broke up... I was lonely. I went online, started talking to this guy from back home. A friend, but he didn't like this country. I started saying that stuff because I thought that was what he wanted to hear... just to keep talking to someone. But it wasn't real. Not for me, Drew. Never for me. None of it? No. Please, Drew, you know me. And you told all of this to Mr. Harris? Yes. And I showed him all the texts from Kasym, where I am telling never to contact me again. What he was talking about was crazy. So what is Mr. Harris going to do? He say he'll tell the principal that he believes me, then we see what happens from there. I'm sorry. It's okay. I know you only did this because you care for me. And it's made me realize that... I feel the same way. Can we talk later? Yeah. Okay. (PHONE LINE RINGING) (PHONE BUZZING, BEEPS) Hey. I told him I was texting with someone from Chechnya, but it was over. That I explained everything to you, and you believed it. Did Drew believe it? I think so, yes. What if he told someone else? I think we should wait until we're sure. You need to finish mixing the explosive. My brother says we could be activated at any time. If we get the code, we must be ready to go. Are you there? I got to go. (PHONE LINE CLICKS) Carter this is crazy. You'll never get out of there alive. Just tell me if the money is at the police station, Rebecca. Your source is right. Metro PD made a drug bust in Southeast D.C., recovered a little over $4.6 million in cash. Can you tell me where the evidence lockers are? Yes, first floor, next to dispatch, but they're covered by two surveillance cameras. (GROANS) But I'll hack in and put them in a loop, create a blind spot. You can do that? Welcome to our world. Before you do anything, give us some time to see if we can find the leak. How long is that going to take? 20 minutes, 30 tops. No, no, it's too long, okay. Grimes is expecting this money in half an hour. Then we'll bring CTU into this. Take our chances Mullins isn't the leak. We can't take that chance Rebe... Listen... everything that's happening, it's on me. Eric, that's not true. I should have benched Grimes on the Bin-Khalid raid. Rebecca, he was messed up before the mission, okay? He started talking crazy about this conspiracy and that conspiracy... I just... I should have reported it, brought it to you, but I covered for him, I just... I tried to get his head straight. We all missed it. Now my men are dead, because of Grimes. And now he has the list, and, uh... if any more people get killed... You can't put this on yourself. Are you going to help me or not? Even if I do, how do you expect to get into the station? In the back of a patrol car. You're gonna let them arrest you? Look, I'm a black man standing on the corner at 3rd and Decatur. Trust me, it won't be that hard. Just be ready to take care of the security cameras, okay? I'll call you when I'm inside. Carter? (PHONE LINE CLICKS) (INDISTINCT RADIO TRANSMISSION) (SIREN CHIRPS) (TIRES SCREECH, SIREN CHIRPS) 
 
 Drop the bag. Where the hell you going? Just walking. Yeah? How about you walk over there and put your hands on the wall? Whoa, whoa, Paul, Paul, come on, easy. Pat him down. (GRUNTS) Hey, come on, you're gonna break his arm. I said pat him down. Whoa, oh, oh, oh, easy, all right? His gun, get it and kick it over here. Hurry up. All right. All right. All right? Get in the car. What? We're taking a little ride. Senator. All right, gentlemen. (INDISTINCT CHATTER, JAZZ MUSIC PLAYS) (CHEERS AND APPLAUSE) Ah, thank you. (EXCITED CHATTERING) How are you? Thank you for coming. How are you? Hi. We should, uh, talk to the staff about Rebecca not being able to come. We should all be on the same page. I'll get right on it, Senator. Hey, good to see you, Senator. Joe, I'm glad you could make it. Hey. Yeah. We got those CEOs to blink, but trust me, in November, we're going to have 'em on the run. (LAUGHS) Senator. Hey, Cathy. Hello. Don't you worry, I promise I am going to push that through, even if I have to haul that committee into chambers myself. Appreciate it. Quite a turnout here. (CHUCKLES) Thanks for hosting this, Dad. Hey, my son, least I could do. You know, I would still be picking out his ties if he would just let me. Somebody needs to dress this boy, you know what I mean? What's going on? What? What's that look? What look? The look, right there. The one you get when you worry. Nothing. Nah. When you're done with host committee, why don't you come on inside. I'll be in the library with your uncle, okay? Man : Senator. I got to meet with the FCC. They didn't know what hit 'em. Thanks so much for coming. Thanks for your help. Absolutely. Sure. Thanks for your help, I really appreciate it. Man : A pleasure. I'm making breaching charge. The last one I used blew the hinges off a metal door in Kandahar. I need you to get me through security, into your police station, and then into the evidence lockers. Narco seized a ton of heroin and cash last week. That's what he's after. Listen, I don't expect you to believe me, but if I don't get that money, a lot of people are gonna die. Look, I'm sorry. Okay, I didn't wake up this morning thinking this was gonna happen to me, either. I don't want to hurt anybody, but here's the deal. You're gonna do what I say, when I say it. You're gonna rob the station, that's crazy. Yeah. I keep hearing that. Nicole : Isaac, we can't let him do this. I want to talk to him. To try to change his mind? Nah, he gonna do what he gonna do. Right? You know the man you married. Look. I'm out of here as soon as I get a location on the Dominican deal, but, uh, I'll leave a man behind to watch you, and Aisha can get you whatever you need. Aisha doesn't seem too happy I'm here. Well, me and Aisha have been having problems for a while. Yeah, well, maybe I'm making things worse. Nah. It's not you. With Aisha, nothing's ever enough for her. She helped set up this deal but as soon it's done, me and Aisha, we through. (SIGHS) What you looking for? Won't know till I see it. (CHUCKLES SOFTLY) I know what you want... because you and me, we want the same thing. Isaac. Why are you worrying about Isaac? He treats you like a little bitch. He  is  still running things. What if he wasn't? (SIGHS) What if I said, I got a way for you to get what's yours? Hey. (SPEAKING SPANISH) Tío. (SPEAKING SPANISH) Okay, okay, I had enough of that when your mom was alive, come on. If this is about, uh, Rebecca not coming, we were able to tweak the speech. No, no. It's not about that. You asked me to do a little recon for you with some of my old media contacts. Well, one of them came through, tipped me off about an attack ad the Gage campaign's gonna release next week. Dad, whatever Gage throws at me, uh, Nilaa will be able to handle it. Yeah, it's about her, son. (CLICKS KEYBOARD) Announcer :  John Donovan says he will defend America, but look who works for him. His campaign manager, Nilaa Mizrani, attended the radical Parkland Mosque, which applauded terrorists, and prayed for the death of our troops. John Donovan called Mizrani his own right hand, and a good friend. But with friends like these, can we really trust John Donovan in the White House? Woman :  Paid for by Gage for President. (CLICKS KEYBOARD) It wouldn't be the first lie coming out of that campaign. We checked it out, John. There are photos that prove that she was there. During her sophomore year. Show me. This doesn't make sense. She was young. Yeah. Still... Well son, I don't know what else to tell you, except, she's a liability. John, bottom line is, you will not win in November if you have a campaign manager who prayed for the death of American soldiers. (GUN CLICKS) The North Pines Mall. Crowded, five miles from here, minimal security. Jad : What is this, Kusuma? We can still do what we came here to do... strike back at this country. I've chosen a target. One attack won't change history. Activating my father's network will. We're not going to stay and wait for the Americans to find us. If we don't act now, we'll achieve nothing. You're coming with us. I'm not going anywhere. And neither are you. Kusuma. I am Sheik Bin-Khalid's living son. Only God will decide when I die. Now, put your gun away. We have work to do. You shouldn't be here. Yeah. Well, you hung up on me. I was... worried. Hey. What's wrong? Hey. Look at me. You have to finish mixing the explosives. Have you forgotten what these people did to you? What they said about you with those other students? Have you? No. They destroyed your marriage, and now they're trying to destroy your career. No, no. Amira, please, stop. Drew : Amira? I knew you were lying to me. Oh, my God! He was the one you were texting? God, Amira. You are sick! You are a sick b*st*rd! I'm gonna tell everyone... (GRUNTING) (GASPING) Harris : The door! Lock the door! (PANTING) ♪ ♪ (INDISTINCT RADIO TRANSMISSION) (BEEPS) (INHALES, EXHALES) If I catch even a whiff of you dog whistling these guys... You got it? Yeah. Good. (INDISTINCT P.A. ANNOUNCEMENT) Carter : Slowly. Everything like I told you. Get out, and open my door, now. Carter : Out. Andy, he's inside. We ain't letting you out of here till you give us something. (OVERLAPPING CONVERSATIONS) Hey, Paul. What you got? Vagrancy and, uh, resisting arrest. That's not a good way to start the day. Come on. (BUZZER SOUNDS) (HINGES CREAKING) (OVERLAPPING CONVERSATIONS) Man : Do I get my phone call? What's going on? (OVERLAPPING CONVERSATIONS) Vernon. That domestic you rolled last week, the one with the broken collarbone? What about him? IA is all over it. They want a statement from you on tape. After we process this guy. Bates can take care of it. I want this cleared up now, in my office. Let's go. Are you deaf? Come on. You watch yourselves with this one. Process him then get back here. Okay, feeding in the loops. Move. Open it. (KEYPAD BEEPING, LOCK CLICKING) Move. (DOOR CLOSING) (PANTING) Here, you tie him up. Take this thing off my back. When I'm done. Sit down, sit down. You keep doing what I say and you'll walk away from this. Sit down. Make transcripts available to the press and if anyone asks about Rebecca Ingram's absence just refer them to me. Nilaa. Can you excuse us for a moment? (INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS) Gage's campaign is releasing an attack ad tomorrow... about you. About you attending the Parkland Mosque. The Parkland Mosque? I didn't go there to pray. It made me sick that some crackpot imam was spewing that kind of hatred and violence in the name of Islam. I went to tell everyone there he was distorting our religion. And you can prove that? Even if I could, the damage is done, but it's the truth. I wanted to tell you, I did. I guess I just convinced myself it happened so long ago no one would ever find out. I'm sorry. I will, uh, I'll draft my letter of resignation and explain how I kept... I won't accept your resignation. It's true you should have told me... but it's also true that I wouldn't be here if it weren't for you. As much as I appreciate your loyalty, I can't let you do this. If we get ahead of this, we can minimize the damage. Who knows? Maybe even turn it into an advantage. Gage will just keep playing the national security card. Oh, Rebecca could help us out there. You'll still take a hit. Well, the hit I can take. It's the not swinging back, that's what bothers me. Standing up for the truth the way you did, it's what I've been telling the American people I'm gonna do for them. That's why I'm in this. John, I don't know what to say. Stop trying to argue yourself out of a job. (PHONE LINE RINGING) (PHONE BEEPS) What's up? Royo, it's me, Aisha. It's about the deal. Isaac ain't gonna bitch out, is he? You said this was happening. He's still in. But listen up, I know you ain't down with the split, never have been. Maybe I can do better. You? Money ain't coming in like it was. That's why I reached out to you in the first place, put this deal together. If Isaac doesn't make it back from this meeting, wouldn't be a lot of tears. You still there? I'm here. Well, I'm still listening. Good. Andy :  Okay, he's got it. Oh, no. What? Locke signed in downstairs. He was just bumped up to head of field ops. He has a debrief scheduled with Mullins. You'll have to stall him. Me? I don't work here anymore, Andy, it has to be you. You can do this. All right. Uh, hey, Tom. What's up? Keith asked me to tell you to submit your debrief in writing this time. Locke : He always debriefs me in person. Andy : Yeah, but he and Rebecca are still going over case files. I guess it's taking them longer than they thought, huh? Okay, thanks. Uh, Tom. I texted you... about getting together to maybe, you know, clear the air. There's no air that needs clearing. We have nothing to talk about Andy. Agent Locke, uh, can I talk to you for a second? Sorry, who are you again? Mariana. Been here two weeks. Uh, look, I don't think Andy told you the truth about Director Mullins. What are you talking about? Something really weird is going on. I've been trying to reach him for the last 45 minutes. (CELL PHONE RINGING) Ben. Where are you? I need more time. Right, so CTU can track me. So I can get the list and you can get the money. Ben, I am trying to help you here, but you have got to give me some room. How much longer? 30 minutes, 45 tops.I  have the money. All right, but if you're not at the 7th Street train station in 45 minutes, I'm contacting Bin-Khalid's men. No, Ben, listen. (PHONE BEEPS) (COMPUTER BEEPS) What's that? The subroutine search we were running, using Mullins' override to find the leak. There's a hit on whoever accessed the Army Rangers' identities. They used the CTU director's code. Keith? Yours. How is that possible? Can you see where the file was accessed from? Yeah. A computer in your husband's campaign headquarters. Uh, the IP address is scrambled, but let me see if I can... Got it. The computer the Rangers' identities were accessed from belongs to Mizrani, first name Nilaa. My husband's campaign manager. (COMPUTER BEEPS) We were pulled offline. I can't get back on the server. They know. They cut our outfeed. I'm not looping the evidence room feed anymore. (CELL PHONE RINGING) Rebecca : Carter, we're shut down. You need to get out of there now. Keith, we're running an operation. If you shut us... You're not running anything. Nothing happens till I confirm what the hell is going on. Lock them in interrogation now. Go, go. Keith, Keith. Listen to me. You're making a mistake. Officer : Go, go, move, move. (SPEAKS INDISTINCTLY) Rebecca. Rebecca, can you hear me? (NO AUDIO) Can anyone hear me?! 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 