Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x04 - 3:00 P.M. - 4:00 P.M. - 24: Legacy 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x04 - 3:00 P.M. - 4:00 P.M. https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=827&t=31152 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/21/17 03:43 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x04 - 3:00 P.M. - 4:00 P.M. 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Sleeper cells are preparing to launch multiple terror attacks. 
 We don't know where or when. 
 Ben, I got your money. 
 Just give me the list, and we're done. 
 Locke :  I have four potential hostiles. 
 You lied to me! 
 Someone used my proprietary code to access the file identifying the Rangers  who took out Bin-Khalid. 
 The file was accessed She may be facilitating  a terrorist attack on domestic soil. My guy was able to hack the ATM camera, change the time stamp. Rebecca's already pulled the footage. CTU won't be able to trace the leak back to you. You said you were out running that morning, but here you are entering the office. You need to come clean. Tell me who you're working with. Isaac's girlfriend... She's up to something. Carter :  CTU might be able to pull up a transcript or some kind of recording. Royo, I know you ain't down with the split, never have been. If Isaac doesn't make it back from this meeting, wouldn't be a lot of tears. I don't like the way she been looking at me. Maybe she knows something. Jerome :  You want me to  do her right now? Not until Royo calls and we know Isaac's taken care of. You need to finish mixing the explosive. My brother says we could be activated at any time. [grunts] What happened? We don't know. We just saw him lying here. Somebody help! Carter :  The terrorists, they... they got away with the list. I don't know how many times I can say it. I didn't leak the identity of those Rangers. I saw that ATM footage. You say you were out there jogging, but it shows you at the exact place at the exact moment when the data on those Rangers was stolen. Explain that to me! I don't know how, but I'm being set up. And we both know why they picked me. You've known me for years, John. You've met my family, my parents. How can you possibly think I'm part of this? What am I supposed to think? If you were in my shoes, what would you think? Rebecca's told me that these terrorists are planning attacks. Attacks that could kill thousands of people. Nilaa, you help us stop this, and I will do everything I can... Just leave me alone. Nilaa... Please just go! Talk to me! [crying]: Please, I just said, go. Donovan : I am not going anywhere until you tell me the truth. Nilaa : I have told you the truth. You're not listening. [phone vibrating] Donovan : You understand, I'm trying to help you. Nilaa : If that were really true, you'd be out there right now. Keith. Rebecca, the list of sleeper cells, the terrorists have it. My God. What happened? They must've been tracking Grimes. Took the flash drive before we had a chance to move in. We're locking down the area, but it doesn't look good. What about Carter? Is he all right? Carter's fine, but he identified one of the terrorists as Jadalla Bin-Khalid. Jadalla? He had a falling out with his father, left to study at Oxford. Yeah, well, guess his father's death gave him a change of heart. Hey, have you gotten anywhere with Nilaa Mizrani? Not yet. My husband's speaking with her. I thought a personal appeal might get her to open up. Well, right now, she's our best hope to stop Jadalla from activating those sleeper cells. I want her back at CTU. We'll work on her there. Okay. On my way. With me. You're coming with us to CTU. On the way, think about this. You're facing the death penalty for the murders of those Rangers. If you want to prevent that, you better speak up before any more Americans lose their lives. Get her to the car. She's terrified. Good. I wasn't bluffing. I mean, it really seems like she doesn't know anything. Come on, John. It's not impossible that she's being set up, Rebecca. What if she's telling the truth? You're a good man. It's why you only want to see the good in people, but sometimes it just isn't there. I've got to go. I love you. Donovan : So, uh, Rebecca's found some ATM security video that shows Nilaa at campaign headquarters at the exact time the Rangers' identities were being stolen. They're taking her over to CTU. I'm sorry, son. You think you know someone. That-that's just it, though, Dad. I do know her. I-I'm having a hard time accepting this. Yeah, but you just said that they found security video... Yeah, I know. John, the sooner you accept that Nilaa is not who you thought she was, the sooner you can... begin to recover from the damage she's done. You're not surprised by all this? Nilaa supporting terrorists? Well... I mean, you know her as well as I do. How come you're not disoriented by all this? Well, I am. I am. I'm... It's just that I learned a long time ago that everybody lives two lives. You know, one that we show to the outside world, and then the other that we... we keep all to ourselves. And I try to keep that in mind and never get caught short. But right now, I'm just focused on helping you get in front of this. So I tell you what, why don't I put together a list of names to replace Nilaa, you know, for-for you to consider. Okay, Dad. Thanks. Yeah. And, son... we're gonna get through this, all right? I hope so. We always do. [sirens wailing] Carter : Anything? Perimeter's in place, Locke's running a sweep, but nothing so far. We're getting Jadalla's face out there. Son of a bitch! You know what the hell you just did, huh?! Huh?! Innocent people are gonna die, Ben. Hundreds of people, man! Thousands! The squad. Their families. Their children. Your mother, your sister... They're all dead 'cause of you, Ben! You think I don't know that? You think I wanted this to happen, Eric? I just wanted the money so that I could... No, Ben! No! Come on! Carter, get off him! Come on. Let go. I can fix this, Eric. Guys, guys... What? I can fix this. I can make it right. He's bleeding. I got to close him up, get him to CTU. Get him out of here, then. Come on. Back up on the gurney, let's go. Eric, I can fix this. I can make this right! I can make this right. My husband's expecting to hear from me. I just need to make one phone call. You ain't making no calls, so just make your ass comfortable. How long am I supposed to sit here? It won't be long. Right back. This is Aisha. What's happening? Just waiting on your boy. Shouldn't he have been there by now? You tell me. You think he ain't showing? Didn't say that. Yo,  mami,  look, if you're gonna take over Isaac's game, you got to learn to take it easy. Just watch yourself. Isaac's smart. Do him right away. Look, I ain't gonna make a move until I see he's got the merchandise. The second I do, he's a dead man. He's coming now. I'll call you when it's done. Royo : Took your time. Was starting to think that you might get, uh, cold feet. Nah. Far from it. So, look, I got 20 kilos. Uncut. Mm-hmm. My best work. I want to start us off on the right foot. Man : Royo says wait till we see the product. [TV playing] If we're gonna sit here, do we have to watch this? I hear that. [channels changing] Announcer : Patterson under center. Spread formation, two left receivers... [grunts] [shrieks] What the hell?! Get to the front and cut her off! Move! [dog barking] Help me! Please, please, please! Help me, please! Aisha : Yo, where she go? Check over there. I'll go upstairs. [metal clatters] Drop it! I said drop it, now! Throw it down. I'll kill you. Drop it. [gun clatters] Get on the ground. Yeah. Grab the product. Get set. [phone ringing] Give me a sec. What? Nicole : Isaac. Royo's not there to make a deal, he's there to kill you. He planned this with Aisha. They're in it together. Do you hear me? Okay. Aisha and Jerome tried to kill me, but I have a gun. Get out of there, Isaac. [line beeps] All right, cool. [sniffs] Hold on. Is everything okay? Yeah. It is now. What does that mean? So, look, that was my bulls saying they all set and in place on the rooftops and ready to go if it comes to that. I don't know what you're talking about. Stop right there. All right? I know what you was planning with Aisha. But right now, my men got you in their crosshairs. You can look, all right? But you won't find them. So now we got two options. You can try what you was gonna try, and we just see what happens. Or forget all that, and we just do some actual business. We're all good,  papi. Let's just do some business. All right. [sirens wailing in distance] Don't move. I said stop. You gonna shoot me in the back? Go ahead. Stay where you are! Hands where I can see them! [handcuffs clicking] Interrogation four, full biometric package. Yes, sir. Pull Suarez in to double team. We need to hit her hard, get something out of her we can use. Understood. I want to finish questioning her, Keith. Right now, I need something else from you. What? I'm briefing the DNI in about five minutes. You're the expert on Bin-Khalid and what he was planning. I want you there with me. Of course. Let me talk to Andy for a sec. Okay. I'll be in the conference room setting up. Andy, can you pull all the files on the Alexandria attacks? Ye, no problem. It'll just take a few minutes. Port them over to the main conference room. [phone ringing] Yo. Isaac, it's Eric. I guess since I'm hearing your voice, you gave up on that police station idea. Yeah, that's a long story. I'll tell you some other time. Look, Nicole's not answering her phone, man. Oh, yeah? Yeah. Listen, she probably wouldn't want me to... to tell you this, but she called, 'cause she was worried about some girlfriend of yours, man. She was afraid you were in some kind of trouble or something. Nah, nah. You know, Nicole, man. She could always smell trouble from a mile away. She just, uh, saved me from a little female drama is all. It's all good. All right. Where is she? She back at my place, safe and sound. I just finished up with some business. I'm heading back now. Isaac, you sure she's okay? She good, bro. All right? You asked me to watch her, that's what I'm doing. I'll get her to call you. Yeah, you do that. [phone beeps] [phones ringing, agents chattering] ♪ ♪ Rebecca. Good to see you, Eric. Got to say, this is a little different from that bunker in Yemen. This is national CTU headquarters, the nerve center. [chuckles] I remember you from Taiz. [chuckles] Food poisoning, right? I'm never gonna live that down, am I? Andy, you saved my life today. A couple of times. Well, probably more like three, but who's counting, right? Excuse me. I never had the chance to say how sorry I am, about the men. I know they were like brothers to you. I wish I could tell myself they didn't die in vain. I really wanted to get the guys behind this, Rebecca. It's not over yet, but things are gonna get crazy around here. I have to head into a meeting. I'm guessing Keith wants you to debrief. Yeah, uh, but first, where's the infirmary? Are you all right? No, yeah, I just, um... I just want to see Ben. Agent Conner, can you take Eric to the infirmary? Sir. Thank you. Hey, I sent over those filters for you to look at. Check your inbox. What, you already went through them? Yeah. I tweaked some parameters, so you're good to go. Can thank me later. I know you think Mullins is looking to get rid of you. How do you know what I think? Because whatever's on your mind hangs on you like a sign. [sighs] Anyway, you're right. I am? Yeah. In fact, when I first got here, Mullins asked me to document every time you screwed up, so he could have a reason to let you go. You're spying on me? You know, if I was, I wouldn't have told you. But you might not want to screw up. 
 
 Mullins : Director, the initial raid against Bin-Khalid was prompted by reports that he was planning multiple attacks against the United States. We thought we'd taken him out before he was able to put that network in place. Now that his son has acquired this list of sleeper cells, how long before they strike? We have to assume the cells are ready to go. Attacks may already be underway. I'm speaking with the president in ten minutes. He's gonna want a worst-case scenario, so let's have it. I'll let Rebecca respond. Bin-Khalid's goal was to implant a network of sleeper cells consisting of homegrown sympathizers and foreign operatives entering the country under false identities. 15 to 20 cells, each with a specific target. This is footage from the Al-Jegrad market in Alexandria, Egypt, three years ago. The attack was planned and executed by Bin-Khalid and his men. Over 200 people lost their lives, including 18 Americans. You're saying this is what we can expect here? Multiplied by 15, and likely coordinated to take place simultaneously. If a series of attacks like these were launched, the effect could be devastating. The kind of apocalypse Bin-Khalid promised. Can we have a minute? He's not going anywhere. All right. What did you mean, you can fix this? Did you see the guns Bin-Khalid's people were using, the semis? Yeah. A-120s. They were modified A-120s... The custom slide. As far as I know, there's only one man who sells those. You ever heard of an arms smuggler goes by the name Gabriel? He's ex-military. He went into business for himself when Starkwood went under. He's a ghost. Gabriel smuggles arms and people. I think that if Bin-Khalid's men got those guns from Gabriel, there's a good chance, Eric, there's a good chance that he got them in the country. [exhales] But, Eric, if Gabriel is still based out of the same place, I can get us to him. See if he knows where Bin-Khalid's people are, what identities they're using. What? What do you think? I'm asking myself if any of this is real. I'm trying to help. When all you've done since we hooked back up is the opposite. I never wanted the terrorists to get the list. There was an easy way to do that, Ben. Not steal it from me in the first place. Look, I know. I'm know I'm done, Eric. It's over for me. And I'll be lucky to escape the death penalty. This is my last chance to do something right, for once. We can get to Jadallah before he triggers those attacks. [computer beeping] The N-A-N-D flash memory's damaged. The data's corrupted. It's, uh, it's unreadable. Kasuma : So you can't reconstruct the list of sleepers? Is that what you're saying? That all of this was for nothing? I'll do everything I can. Jad : I laid eyes today on the man who killed my father. It's a sign we're on a righteous path. You'll fix that drive. [typing rapidly] [woman speaking indistinctly over P.A.] [phone ringing] [phone beeps] Amira : It's me. There's a problem with Drew. He wasn't dead, Khasan. What? He got away from us. They brought him to the hospital. I'm there now. Has he told anyone what he knows? No, he's unconscious. I know I have to kill him, Khasan. I just need you to tell me how to do it. Can you get to him? Is he alone? They put him in a room, but there's a doctor examining him. Was he on an I.V.? Yes. Okay, you need to get your hands on a syringe. As large as possible. Then, when the doctor leaves... Amira? I'll call you back. All they'd tell me on the phone is he had a head injury. Is he okay? What happened? Um, no one knows. They found him lying by the soccer field. Oh... I'm so glad you're here. [softly]: I'm sorry. [sniffles] He really cares about you. You being here, it... it means so much. Dr. Edwards : Mrs. Phelps? I'm Dr. Edwards. Your son's stable. He's had a pretty bad head injury. Neurology's looking at him now. But signs are positive. Ryan : Sir? Yeah, Ryan? You asked me to run background, on the ad that was gonna air about Nilaa and that radical mosque. What'd you find? A local news story from five years ago, about a speech the imam gave at that mosque. He's saying some pretty outrageous things. Which is hardly news. Senator, Nilaa was there, protesting the speech, just like she claimed. You're certain about this? There's footage of her, she's trying to shout the imam down, saying that he's perverting her religion, that Islam teaches peace. Show me what you got. It has descended upon us, word for word, from Allah! We don't live in the seventh century! Islam is not about hate, it's about peace. No, fight! Fight the unbeliever! Fight them! Do not accept them as your friend and your ally! Nilaa : The Prophet Muhammad had Christians and Jews as his allies. Ben and I would go in together. If we make contact with Gabriel, we'll see if he knows how to find Jadalla Bin-Khalid. Rebecca : Why limit the operation to you and Grimes? If he really knows Gabriel's location, why not go in hard, send in a tac team? Carter : Because if Gabriel is not on site, then we've shown our hand. We'll never find him. On what pretext would you and Grimes make this approach? According to Ben, Gabriel won't show himself unless we have something that he wants... bait. Ben said the schematics from any of the current anti-missile defense systems would do it. The Onyx or the T-7. That Grimes would offer to sell to Gabriel. [scoffs] Well, suddenly this all makes sense. What's your point, Mullins? Eric, your friend is asking for highly classified weapons schematics that he could sell for millions of dollars. With all due respect, doesn't this sound familiar? Rebecca... ...I looked Ben in the eye. And I honestly believe that he is trying to redeem himself, that he is telling me the truth. Mullins : How sure of that can you be? I can't. Okay, not-not completely. But right now, this is the only play that we have. Unless someone else can tell me that you have any other leads. Well, we just got the all-agency report. No one has anything actionable, across the board. So maybe this is worth trying. Mullins : Fortunately, it's not your call, Andy. I'll double-check the intel on Gabriel, analyze digital forensics on arms transactions... No! All your technology didn't save my Ranger squad. We have a location on Gabriel and a way in. We don't need another one of your analysis, Mullins, we need boots on the ground! Carter, you're an Army Ranger, you're not a CTU agent. And you're not in the middle of the desert operating on your own. We don't just go on our gut here, we make decisions based on intel. And I cannot authorize this mission. There are too many variables. Appreciate all you've done for us today, but this is my call. Agent Wilkes will take you to debrief. Mullins. Eric... are you hearing what you want to hear from Grimes, convincing yourself you can trust him? Why would I do that? Because you blame yourself for what happened today. Look, Rebecca, I told you and Mullins what I think. And right now, I don't see any other option. Do you? I can't get you the Onyx schematics. Right. But I know someone who can. You'd have to handle the rest yourself. Yeah, just send the schematics to my phone, and I'll move as soon as I have them. Thank you. Grimes was my responsibility, too. The Onyx schematics... Can you get them? You mean steal them? Yeah. Can you do it? [sighs] I'm already looking into it. I had a feeling this would end up in my lap. You surprise me, Andy. Mullins is looking for any excuse to fire me. I might as well give him a good one. How long do you need? It should take me ten minutes to retrieve the schematics. Send them to Carter's phone when you have them. You know you're the only person I would do this for. Remember that when I'm looking for a job or facing jail time. Thanks, Andy. [indistinct police radio chatter] [vehicle approaching] What's this all about? I'll handle it. Fernandez : Isaac. What are you doing with her? We got reports of shots fired. She was carrying. Right. You need to let her go. Isaac... I'll make it worth your while. I already put her in the system. Really worth your while, all right? She's important to me. You have to take care of my partner, too. All right, done. Take her out. [handcuffs click] [car door closes, engine starts] Hey. You okay? Yeah. What happened to Aisha and Jerome? They got away. You said you had a gun, though. I did, but what was I supposed to do? Shoot them in the back? [sighs] No, no. Look, I'm just... [sighs] Man. I'm supposed to be protecting you. You saved my life. Yeah. I'm just glad you're safe. Look, let's get you back, all right? I want to know everything that happened. Yeah. ♪ ♪ [monitor beeping steadily] [woman speaking indistinctly over P.A.] [phone beeps, line ringing] I'm in his room. What do I do? You got the syringe? Yes. 35 millimeters. Is that enough? Yes, yes. You see what I.V. goes into him? Probably midway up his arm. Yes. Yeah, there should be an extra port, for injections. There is. All right, listen. You need to pull the syringe all the way back, so the thing's full of air. Then inject it into the port. Did you get it? [softly]: Yes. What? Did you get it? I said yes. Okay. I'm on my way. Text me when you're done, and I'll pick you up outside. [phone beeps] [sniffles] ♪ ♪ [sniffles] [panting] [whispering]: Stop. Stop. [muffled grunting] Shh. Drew, stop. Listen to me. Listen to me. [muffled]: Help! [muffled shout] [grunts] [monitor beeping rapidly] [rapid beeping continues] [panting] [monitor flatlines] Still working on that list. Good names on it. We can, uh, talk through it whenever you're ready. I'm not replacing Nilaa. What are you talking about? Of course you are. John, you're gonna have to let this go. Nilaa's innocent. I had a friend over at NSA... took a look at that ATM footage. And? And it was altered. Really good job, too. But, yeah, counterfeit. But the fact remains that those Rangers' names were stolen from our campaign headquarters. That much is still true. As is the fact that, uh, there was only three people that had access to that particular account: me, Rebecca and you. Son, I hope to God you're not saying what I think you're saying. You know, it struck me how easily you were able to just, uh, turn against Nilaa. Yeah, w-without blinking. But it never occurred to me how you could do something that would be so horrible. I think, at the very least, you need to tell me why. Wasn't me. Wasn't you. Wasn't me. Who was it, then? [pounds desk] Tell me! Fine. I guess I'll just show Rebecca... John, stop it. ...information from my friend... Think about what you're doing, now. Don't you realize... ...at the NSA, to see if CTU... I did it for you. For me? You did it for me? It was the only way I could save your campaign. [exhales] Six weeks ago, I was contacted by someone claiming to be Jadalla Bin-Khalid. He said he had evidence that my company had bought off-market oil from ISIL. Threatened to go public with it. Is it true? Dad? One of our major pipelines had been blown up a year before. We were facing a catastrophic production shortfall, and my regional director cut a deal. So you bought oil from terrorists, then. No,  I  didn't. My director did, without telling me. [exhales] But that wouldn't have mattered to the public, because it was still my responsibility, it was still my mistake, and I could not let you pay for it. So you sacrificed those Rangers' names. To save your campaign. Son, I made a choice. I made a terrible, terrible choice. I betrayed American soldiers. I weighed all the good that your presidency could do against those six lives... No, no, no! It's not just six lives. God knows how many people could be lost if Jadalla Bin-Khalid launches those attacks. Do you understand that? You need to tell Rebecca everything you know. I don't know anything that could help find those terrorists. Y-You were able to contact them. Through an intermediary on an encrypted phone. I... W-What about Uncle Luis? He doesn't know anything about this. Listen, son, I... I don't expect you to forgive what I've done, but you have to understand the consequences here. If you go to Rebecca, you will be ruining yourself. Dad. Dad. I beg you, please. Don't throw away everything that we have worked for your whole life! I was just coming to talk to you and your father about campaign managers. You know anything, Tío? Anything about what? Because if you do, you need to tell me right now. I have no idea what you're talking about. I'll let my father tell you, then. What the hell did you do? [sighs] He already knew. I tried to talk him through it, I tried to reason with him, but... He's going to CTU. [sniffs] [sighs] That's okay. We can still save this. How? I told him everything. You'll deny it. Unless he was wearing a wire... Ah, geez... ...there is no hard evidence linking you or me to anything. [exhales] And whatever they do at CTU, you hold your mud, and we'll get through this. And so will John. I didn't do anything. If that were true, you wouldn't be here with me. So stop wasting time and tell me what you know about Jadalla Bin-Khalid. [phone vibrating] John. It wasn't Nilaa. She's innocent, and I can prove it. Then who leaked those names? So you first noticed Mr. Grimes becoming unstable one year before the mission to eliminate Bin-Khalid? That's right. The war really changed him. I just... never realized how much. Did you report your observations to your superiors at the time? No. I didn't. Why? [phone vibrates] Mr. Carter? Everything okay? Yeah. Sorry. Uh... Everything is, uh, good. Don't make a sound. Turn over. Show me your hands. Now. I'm not gonna hurt you. Okay? I'm just gonna lock you down. ♪ ♪ I need to talk to him again. Sir, we're gonna need to get authorization. - I already have it. We're crossing T's and dotting I's on this. I'll have to call it in. I'm sorry. What are we doing? Exactly what we talked about. [alarm blaring] Let's go. [woman speaking indistinctly over P.A.] Mullins : Hey. Security's reporting a situation in the infirmary. Andy, pull it up. Andy : All right, here we go. Carter. Lock everything down, now. [electricity powering down] What happened? The smoke alarm in the server rooms went off. It triggers an automatic system shutdown, to protect the servers. Mullins : Get these cameras back up. It'll take five minutes to reboot. Until then, we're blind. Son of a bitch! [grunts] [panting] Ben, you better be telling me the truth about Gabriel. I am. Eric, I swear. Good. [engine starts] 'Cause if you're not, I'm-a kill you myself. [tires screeching] 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 