Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x11 - 10:00 p.m.-11:00 p.m. - 24: Legacy 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x11 - 10:00 p.m.-11:00 p.m. https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=827&t=38307 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 09/19/20 20:28 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x11 - 10:00 p.m.-11:00 p.m. 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 John Donovan's execution in front of the world would make a powerful statement. 
 Now, if you're prepared to answer for your crimes, you can save your husband's life. 
 Are you interested? 
 Jadalla contacted me. 
 He said that if I give myself up to him, he'll release John. 
 Rebecca, you're not seriously considering this. 
 They want to stage my execution. 
 They're gonna want to kill me themselves. 
 You want to use yourself as bait. 
 And I want you to finish them off. 
 I'm in. 
 Father? 
 I came to finish what you started. 
 I failed you. 
 You did not fail. 
 You came home. 
 How does it feel to be married to a monster? 
 You're the monster. 
 Because the only monsters in this world are the ones who kill Americans? 
 Naseri was talking to one of his men in Arabic. 
 But I heard two words in English: 
 East July. 
 East July is a subheading of some folders in the server at the office of the DNI. 
 Director of National Intelligence? 
 Senator Donovan's kidnapping was a blow to this country. 
 But Rebecca Ingram's capture has ramifications beyond your passwords and codes. 
 We need your help. Rebecca intends to surrender herself to the terrorists in exchange for her husband's life. 
 Rebecca Ingram's in trouble. 
 I need to help CTU locate her. 
 We miss the flight, we lose the job, Tony. 
 Show me proof that my husband is free and safe and I'll walk into that field. 
 Naseri, tell them to release Donovan now. 
 John's okay. He's free. 
 Get out of there, Rebecca. 
 You're gonna read your confession. 
 I'm not reading anything. 
 Your confession! 
 Rebecca! Carter, what is it? 
 The terrorists may have Rebecca. 
 He's alive! Bin-Khalid's alive! 
 _ 
 _ 
 If the terrorists left the stadium via the west tunnel, they could be on any one of six roads leading from the area. 
 Okay, pull archive on all six and run trace-backs. 
 That could take a lot of manpower to review that amount of footage. 
 Then grab people off the comm desk to help. 
 I'll get on it. 
 Sir. 
 I can't get Rebecca's voice out of my head. 
 She was so scared. 
 What did she mean, that Bin-Khalid is alive? 
 Maybe she was disoriented. 
 Maybe one of the terrorists looked like Bin-Khalid. 
 Or maybe she really did see him. 
 How is that possible? 
 Bin-Khalid is dead. 
 Carter's team took him out. 
 His body was never recovered. 
 Forensics found DNA traces, but... they could've got it wrong. 
 Okay, look, whatever the truth is, it doesn't change what we need to do. 
 We need to locate their vehicle, track them and recover Rebecca. 
 Okay. 
 Stay on it, Mariana. 
 Andy, I could really use your help up here. 
 I'm working on something right now. 
 And this is kind of important. 
 So is this. Got to go. 
 Can't you save any of this? 
 I'm trying, but they're remote erasing everything. 
 Sir, Director Simms is on line one. 
 Says it's urgent. 
 Yeah, okay, put him through. 
 Hold for Director Simms. 
 Keith. 
 Sir, if you're calling for an update on Rebecca, we're still very much... 
 I'm actually calling to give you a heads-up. 
 A heads-up? 
 Daniel Pang is on his way over there now. Should be there any second. 
 Why is he coming here? 
 I've given him provisional status as co-director of CTU. 
 From now on, any planning or decisions are to be coordinated through him. 
 Sir, with respect, um, I think that's a huge mistake. 
 Keith, you allowed Rebecca Ingram to fall into the hands of terrorists. 
 It's obvious that you need all the help that you can get now. 
 Sir, I'm perfectly willing to take responsibility for everything that's gone wrong, but... Daniel' s an administrator. 
 H-He has no field experience and... 
 Which is why I'm keeping you there to fill the gaps. 
 Sir... My decision's final. 
 You are to give Daniel everything he asks for. 
 Is that understood? 
 Perfectly. 
 Good. 
 Sir, Daniel just got here. 
 Thank you for your cooperation, Keith. 
 Absolutely, anything I can do. 
 Daniel. 
 Keith. Did Director Simms reach you? 
 Yeah, just got off the phone with him. Oh, good. 
 I just, uh, want to let you know, I didn't lobby for this. 
 Simms called me out of the blue and wanted me to help out. 
 And I appreciate that. 
 So, uh, I guess I need an office. 
 Yes, we have a vacant one up on the second floor. 
 Actually, I was thinking about something a bit more central. 
 Do you mind if I use yours? 
 Of course not. 
 Lisa. 
 Set Mr. Pang up with a prerogative-one login. 
 In my office. 
 Yes, sir. Oh, and, uh, I'll need full admin and oversight privileges on CTU's network. 
 As well as, uh, passwords and firewall access to everyone's stations. 
 We'll get you sorted out. 
 Great, thanks. 
 Sure. 
 What's Pang doing here? 
 Well, I report to him now. 
 He's here on Director Simms' orders. 
 One, uh, setback too many. 
 No, that's not why he's here. 
 Something's going on and Director Simms is involved. 
 What are you talking about? 
 I just hacked into his server. You what? 
 Pang is here because of what I found on Director Simms. 
 I'd like to talk to you in private, now. 
 Yeah, come on. 
 Look, I don't know if you found anything, but just have CTU check anyway. 
 Roger that, sir. 
 Senator. 
 Rebecca talked about you, talked about you a lot, about your missions together. 
 So I, I feel like I almost, I almost know you. 
 She, uh, admired you, you should know that. 
 She considered you a friend. 
 I feel the same way. 
 Really? Well, then you should've said something to her about all of this. 
 Should've stopped her. 
 S-Sir. 
 I-I... Sir, I thought this was a good plan. 
 You thought it was a good plan to help her turn herself over to these monsters? 
 No, I... 
 Listen, that, that wasn't supposed to happen. 
 She was gonna get them to release you, and then draw Naseri out so that I could take him down. 
 Well, what the hell happened with that? 
 The fire, Senator. 
 They were trying to burn her alive. Okay? 
 Oh, God. 
 And... they got to her before I could, and I just... 
 I'm sorry. 
 I am sorry, but I still think there's time t-to save Rebecca. 
 Well, I wish I could believe that, but like you, I came face-to-face with this Naseri and Bin-Khalid. 
 They want the world to see her die, Senator. 
 Okay? They want to put her on trial, make her confess her so-called crimes, okay? 
 That's what they were trying to do here, and we stopped them. 
 But I think they're gonna do it again, just someplace else. 
 What, am I supposed to take some kind of comfort in that? 
 I'm told we have no leads. 
 We don't know where the hell they are. 
 All I'm hearing is that my wife is gonna die a terrible death, and everyone's gonna see it. 
 Sir, we'll... we're gonna find her! 
 Sir, we've got a medic here who needs to see you. 
 Senator. Please. 
 Carter. 
 Hey, It's Keith. Andy's on the line, too. 
 Is there anything new on Rebecca? 
 No, not from the search, but there may be another way to find her. 
 What? 
 Are you alone? 
 I am now. 
 What's going on? 
 Remember you had me do the debrief of Jennifer Marshall, the woman you saved from the bomb vest? 
 Yeah. 
 Well, it might've paid off. 
 She overheard something while being held by the terrorists. 
 Two words: "East July." 
 It's a covert op run by the Director Of National Intelligence, Donald Simms. 
 He kidnapped Naseri's 10-year-old daughter. 
 Threatened to kill her unless he gave up Bin-Khalid. 
 Carter? 
 Naseri never gave up Bin-Khalid. 
 Yeah. 
 And it looks like they carried out their threat. 
 We can't find any trace of Naseri's daughter. 
 Son of a bitch. 
 They killed her. 
 Carter, listen. 
 The only reason why we know this is because I hacked into Simms' server. 
 They kicked me out before I could download anything, but Simms has amassed a substantial dossier on Asim Naseri. 
 The files only exist on Simms' computer, and there might be something in there that'll lead us to Naseri and Rebecca. 
 The only way into that dossier now is directly from Simms' station, in his office. 
 So I need to get in front of Simms' computer, all right. 
 Where's his office? 
 The Pentagon. 
 My God. 
 I'm a soldier. 
 I'm an ex-soldier. I can't just stroll into the Pentagon, into the office of the Director of National Intelligence. 
 We're still trying to work it out, but we'll find a way. 
 I may have a way. 
 Give me a few minutes, I'll call you back. 
 Senator. 
 Can we talk? 
 I think we've said everything that we need to say to each other. 
 We can save Rebecca. 
 Excuse us, please. 
 What? 
 I need to move fast, but I need your help. 
 My son should be with us. 
 I waited years, Naseri, years for him to come back. 
 And she took him from me. 
 All the more reason to kill her now. 
 Start making our way back home. 
 No. 
 She does not get to die quietly, Naseri. 
 We do what we planned... 
 Recite her crimes one by one, then execute her while the world watches. 
 It's the justice she deserves. 
 And it will strike a blow against this godless country for everyone to see. 
 Pull over. 
 There. 
 You can get back on the road. 
 Continue for two miles. 
 NSA traffic analyzers are hunting for chatter on Sheikh Bin-Khalid. 
 But there's been a spike since the attack in New York, so they're having a hard time cutting through the chaff. 
 Is there anything we can do to lighten their load? 
 Maybe Langley can spare some bandwidth, but that's getting into dicey territory. 
 Well, we're already in dicey territory. 
 Let's reach out. Yes, sir. 
 Sir, Senator Donovan is on the phone. 
 I need the room. 
 Senator. 
 Hello, Don. 
 I can't tell you how relieved I am to know that you're safe. 
 Well, I appreciate that. 
 I wish we had better news on Rebecca. 
 I assure you we're doing everything we can to bring her back. 
 Well, I'm gonna want to know what that is, exactly. 
 I can be over there in about ten minutes. 
 You're coming here? 
 Is there a problem with that? 
 Not at all. Um... 
 I'm just thinking I can fill you in, uh, over the phone. 
 Don... you know Rebecca just gave herself up for me. 
 I think I need to look you in the eye when you tell me what her chances are. 
 Of course, Senator. I'll be waiting. 
 You know, nothing really, uh, changed when I said I was coming. 
 He wasn't really acting like a man who had something to hide. 
 All that means is that he's really good at it. 
 Donald Simms. 
 To think he would do something like this to a ten-year-old girl. 
 You're absolutely sure about all this? 
 Andy Shalowitz is, and I trust him. 
 So does Rebecca. 
 All right. 
 Well, we're gonna have to get you to start looking like a Secret Service agent. 
 I'm gonna tell one of my aides to have a change of clothes for us before we get there. 
 Copy that. 
 Hold my calls. Yes, sir. 
 _ 
 Who is it? 
 Simms. 
 Almeida. 
 Are you in town? 
 Yeah. 
 But what's going on with Rebecca Ingram? 
 Was she really taken? 
 Yeah, unfortunately. 
 I've got every agency looking for her. 
 It's our highest priority. 
 But I'm calling you about something else. 
 I have a job for you. 
 What is it? 
 I have an operation that may be compromised. 
 It needs to be cleaned up. 
 Where? 
 Farmhouse, Ravenswood. 
 Three items. I want it done fast. 
 All right, look, I want standard plus 50%. 
 Fine. Nothing happens till you wire me the money. 
 Once you do that, I can be there in 20, 25 minutes. 
 I'll send the funds along with the details. 
 Call me when it's done. 
 Copy that. 
 Well, it won't make up for the Belgian job, but it's a start. 
 Good. 
 I'm not gonna tell you again. 
 Lights out. 
 When we get inside, you'll set up the camera. 
 The sheikh wants the execution online while it's happening. 
 Can we do that without being traced? 
 I can use a VPN, link to a server in Yemen. 
 Everything will stream from there. 
 How long will that take? 
 Not long at all. 
 Come here. Grab this. 
 Put pressure on it. 
 Keep pressing. 
 I was wrong, Eric. 
 I shouldn't have come down on you like that before. 
 You weren't wrong. 
 No, no, I was... 
 You were just following Rebecca's lead. 
 Or maybe it's Rebecca who I'm angry with. 
 See, I wanted her to stay out of all of this. 
 And I guess I should have known that she couldn't. 
 Well, she was trying to save your life. 
 Oh, believe me, I-I know that. 
 I know that. 
 But even before... 
 I guess it wasn't easy for her to give up CTU. 
 Her work's in her blood, you know? 
 She can't live without it. 
 What? 
 My wife, she, uh... she said the same thing about me. 
 Huh. 
 Well, maybe you should listen to her. 
 Yeah, maybe. Maybe I should. 
 I remember my mother telling me once, "You know, very often, the people who love us the most, they know us better than we know ourselves." 
 Your mother sounds like a smart woman. 
 Yes, she was. 
 We're at the Pentagon. 
 We're done working up your credentials. 
 Well, mostly. 
 Andy, what the hell does that mean? 
 Mariana's on it. She's been looped in. 
 Uh, Mariana? 
 Yeah, we based your credentials around an agent who's on leave, but we haven't had time to backstop everything. 
 Will it get me through security or not? 
 We think so, but I'd feel better if we had a little more time. 
 Well, we don't, okay? Neither does Rebecca. 
 So please just get those credentials. 
 Copy that. 
 Here comes Pang. 
 Hope you all know what you're doing. 
 About to find out. 
 Senator John Donovan. 
 Yes, Senator, you've been expected. 
 Thank you. 
 I'm sorry, sir, could you try that again, please? 
 We all right? 
 All set. 
 There you go, sir. 
 Thank you. 
 I'm monitoring all active workstations. 
 So far, no signs of unauthorized activity. 
 Are you sure? 
 Well, I could be more sure if you told exactly what it is I'm looking for. 
 As in, what files were accessed. 
 Daniel, you're not read in. That's the way it has to be. 
 And I'm not in no way complaining. 
 I just want to do the best job I can. 
 Just keep everyone on task. 
 And if you locate any of the stolen files, I want them quarantined. 
 I'm on it, sir. 
 I'm sure you are. 
 I don't know what your thinking is on Keith Mullins, long term, but I can already see I can make a big difference here. 
 Get this done, then we'll talk about it. 
 I'll check with you later. 
 Senator Donovan is here. 
 Thanks. 
 Right this way. 
 Senator. 
 This must be such a, uh, difficult time. 
 Please, come in. 
 I notified all the heads of NSA, FBI... 
 Oh. 
 Cavalry's not coming. Stop. 
 Move. 
 Back away. Now. 
 Move. 
 What the hell's going on here, John? 
 We know what you did to Asim Naseri's daughter. 
 What? 
 John, I honestly don't know what the hell you're talking about. 
 Don't give me that. 
 You have information that could potentially save Rebecca's life and you're holding onto it so you could cover your ass. 
 She was your friend! 
 Where's the hardware key? 
 Sit down. 
 Fingerprint, now. 
 Good. 
 Cover him. 
 Andy, Simms is secure. 
 I'm logging in to the terminal now. 
 Go to the I.P. address I gave you. 
 It'll give me access to his screen, once you override the firewall. 
 All right, data-mining the dossier. 
 Got it. 
 Here's where they intercepted Naseri's messages to his daughter. 
 Determined she was a vulnerability, ran the abduction. 
 Okay, this-this-this is good. 
 What, Andy? 
 Simms's people collected a list of contact numbers for Naseri. 
 One of them is still active. 
 Okay, Andy, is there any way to trace it and find a location for Naseri? 
 No, the GPS is encrypted. 
 Okay. 
 Hold on. 
 What? 
 Oh, my God. 
 We were wrong... about Naseri's daughter. 
 She's alive. 
 
 
 
 According to this, she's been held at a safe house a few miles from here. 
 For the last year. 
 Naseri doesn't know that. 
 I just saw a call that was intercepted a year ago where he said, "the Americans killed my daughter." 
 Andy, this number you found for Naseri... 
 I know we can't track his location, but is there any way that we can contact him? 
 I'd have to verify it, but it is still active. 
 Okay, if we can get the girl from the safe house, prove to Naseri that his daughter's still alive, I might be able to negotiate. 
 He already refused once. 
 Andy, that was about turning over Bin-Khalid. 
 This is about Rebecca. 
 You're wasting your time. 
 You're not gonna find anyone at the safe house. 
 Then where's the girl? 
 There is no girl. 
 Son of a bitch! No, no, no, no. 
 I'll hold him down here. 
 You go to the farmhouse, get the girl. 
 Just tell the staff that we don't want to be disturbed. 
 Yeah. 
 Carter? 
 Good luck. 
 So we take the girl, everyone else we scrub. 
 What happens with the girl? 
 She's being renditioned to an agency black site in Jalapa. 
 People don't come back from that place. 
 Our job is to get her there. 
 The rest is none of our concern. 
 It's the truth. 
 He's not gonna find anything at the farmhouse, John. 
 You want to help Rebecca, you drop this, let me get back to work. 
 We haven't crossed any lines. 
 Kidnapping little innocent girls? 
 No, I... 
 I think I would consider that crossing a line. 
 It is very often that it is the enemy who determines how you fight a war, how best to save American lives. 
 Well, why don't we just bomb 'em all, then, Don? 
 Hmm? I mean, they can't kill us if they're all dead, right? 
 That'll save some American lives. 
 I should have thought that being married to Rebecca would have opened your eyes by now. 
 Why would you say something like that? 
 Because your wife understands how the world operates. 
 I think I've learned enough about Rebecca to know that, yes, she-she's willing to push some boundaries, but she would never do what you've done. 
 Even if she'd been hunting Bin-Khalid for a year? 
 With no leads? 
 Pressure from the agency, the president? 
 Are you suggesting that she had a part in all of this? 
 What if I told you... that it was her idea? 
 You're supposed to call me a liar, John. 
 You are a liar. 
 Pulse is stabilizing. 
 She'll recover? 
 Enough for our purposes. 
 As soon as she's strong enough, we will begin. 
 Praise to God for this small miracle. 
 Come on. 
 Wake up. 
 Wake up. 
 That's right, you're still alive. 
 Can't escape justice. 
 I should've known you'd try something like that. 
 It's what a coward would do. 
 Someone who would take the life of a ten-year-old girl. 
 I can't imagine it was too difficult for you to order the death of my daughter. 
 After all, you don't have any kids. 
 You don't know what family is, what a child means to a father, mother. 
 I suppose that's why it was so easy for you to try and take your own life. 
 You got nothing to lose. 
 But I promise you this: even if your life was a godless waste, your death will stand for something. 
 Andy, I need eyes on, man. I'm running out of road. 
 Okay, SAT one's almost in position. 
 It took a little bit longer than usual because I had to mask the bandwidth by spreading it through different sockets. 
 Come on, man. Okay... it's up. 
 Uh, one second... 
 I have infrared. 
 Tell me what you see. 
 Three heat signatures, one of them very small. 
 That must be Naseri's daughter. 
 The second one's built like a linebacker. 
 The third one not so much, probably female. 
 Can you send me an image of the satellite feed? 
 I can do better than that. 
 I'll mirror it real time to your phone. 
 Okay. 
 Steve? 
 Hello? 
 Don't move. 
 Hands. 
 On the floor. Now. 
 Who the hell are you? 
 Up. 
 _ 
 _ 
 _ 
 What's your name? 
 Ara. 
 Ara. That's a beautiful name. 
 My name is Eric, and I'm here to help you. 
 Help? 
 What these people did to you is wrong. 
 Okay? 
 I'm here to take you home. 
 But you are American. 
 Ara, I promise you. 
 You're safe with me. 
 _ 
 _ 
 That's it. Come on. 
 Come on. Now, listen. 
 That's it. Come on. 
 Stand right here. Stand right here. 
 Okay. Don't move, okay? Okay. 
 Carter, there's a van driving up to the house. 
 Four targets. They're armed. 
 Get down. 
 I see them. 
 Andy, why didn't you warn me earlier? 
 Because I wasn't framing for it. 
 I had the satellite zeroed in on the house. 
 All right. 
 Four corner formation. Nobody in, nobody out. 
 Let's move. 
 What is it? 
 It's okay, okay? It's okay. 
 Just get down. 
 What happened? 
 Someone hit me from behind. 
 How many? 
 Just one, I think. 
 He went in the house. 
 Okay. 
 Andy, this is a cleanup crew. 
 These are Simms' people and they're here to kill us. 
 Okay, Carter, I just notified the state police, and they're sending a SWAT team to the house, but they're 20 minutes away. 
 Yeah, we won't last that long. 
 Okay, wait a minute. H-Hold on a minute. 
 Hello? 
 Senator Donovan, this is Andy Shalowitz at CTU. 
 Carter found Naseri's daughter, but there are four armed individuals surrounding the house. 
 Simms sent these people to the house, sir. 
 You have got to get him to call them off. 
 I understand. 
 Don, you need to tell your people to stand down. 
 Don, you need to take out your phone and call them right now. 
 That's not going to happen. 
 Damn it. 
 Unlock your phone, Don. 
 Don. 
 Unlock the phone, Don. 
 I've gained access to Simms' phone. 
 I pulled up the list of his most recent calls. 
 One of those might be from the team. 
 If I could talk to them, tell them that Simms has been found out, maybe they might abort their mission. 
 Can't Simms talk to them? 
 Simms wasn't ever going to cooperate, Andy. 
 I-I'm worried about that past tense. 
 Look, just listen to me. 
 Now this phone is asking me for a four-digit code. 
 It must be an encryption lock. 
 All right, so what can we do about that? 
 I could try to bypass it. 
 How long is that gonna take, Andy? 
 I don't even know if I can. 
 Simms' phone is encrypted, but if I manage to unlock it, Senator Donovan can call the cleanup team and try to get them to back off Carter. 
 Shoot me an update as soon as you hear from the field team, okay? 
 Keith. Yeah. 
 I was running a system allocation scan and found something I can't explain. See that? 
 Intermittent spikes in data use and bandwidth. 
 I tried to pinpoint the source, but, uh, the signal's being spread around. 
 Do you have any operations under way that I don't know about? 
 No. You're up to speed on everything. 
 You sure about that? 
 Of course, yeah. 
 Okay, well, I'll do a rescan, and try to pinpoint the source, but I need more memory. 
 All you can spare. 
 I'll see what I can free up. 
 Do it fast. 
 Can you block him? 
 I can shortchange him on the memory, but anything beyond that would only alert him. 
 Andy? 
 She's right. Pang knows his stuff. 
 Look, I'm going as fast as I can. I need more time. 
 Yeah, well, doesn't look like you're gonna get it. 
 If he cuts us off, Carter's never gonna make it out of that farmhouse alive. 
 I'll take care of it. 
 Keith, what's going on? 
 It takes two seconds to allocate memory. 
 Uh, Mariana says they're having an issue with the pipeline. 
 Well, why doesn't she just tweak the parameters on the SQL? 
 I'm sure she's doing what she can. 
 You really need to sit on your people, Keith. 
 I mean, do I have to do this myself? 
 No wonder this place is in the crapper. 
 Hey! Inside the house! 
 We only want the girl! 
 Just send her out and then we're done. 
 Listen to me, the man that hired you, Simms, he's been taken down. 
 Okay? You don't need to do this any more. 
 Sorry. I've already been paid. 
 I always finish a job once I've been paid. 
 I got a reputation to keep. 
 I won't let you take the girl. 
 Then we got a problem. 
 Listen to me. 
 Do yourself a favor. 
 Put your weapon down and give yourself up. 
 We can hash this out like adults. 
 You hear me?! 
 This is your only chance of living through all this. 
 I'm scared. 
 It's okay. All right? It's okay. 
 _ 
 I'm not gonna let anything happen to you. Okay? 
 I need an answer! 
 Whoever this guy is, he can't cover both doors. 
 We're taking him down. Let's move. 
 You come in, you die! 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 