Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x08 - Hey - Game of Silence 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x08 - Hey https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=624&t=27452 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 06/03/16 07:38 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x08 - Hey 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on  Game of Silence... 
 Jackson :  Film canisters. 
 No one uses film; this has got to be old. 
 Like Quitman old? 
 We would like to hire your firm as our counsel. 
 That's fantastic. 
 You're making our job too easy, Diana. 
 What's on the menu tonight, Ray? 
 (quietly): You gotta be kidding me. 
 Shawn :  You saw the warden get in the van, too. 
 Why didn't you tell us? 
 He warned me back then not to go running my mouth. 
 We found the tornado shelter where he locked kids up. 
 Petey wasn't the only one who disappeared. (men shouting) Terry :  I'm losing my temper. Who called the Feds? Ray :  It was Jackson Brooks. Jackson is not a common street thug. You can't just haul off... I don't care who he is. I'm tired of waiting around on you. Your brother's still doing time in Huntsville. You don't do for me and I don't do for him. Things are escalating, Diana. I've had plenty of thorns in my sides in the past and I've always found a way to make them go away. (muffled screaming) (alarm whooping) Uh, send someone now. Send someone now. I think something's happened to Marina. (monitor beeps rhythmically) ♪ ♪ Hey. How you feeling? You're still here. Of course I am. Can I get you anything? Just... Is... is the water still around? Yeah. (exhales) The, uh... the cops are outside. (clears throat) They're gonna want to know if you, uh, if you got a look at the guy. No, it was too fast. Do you think it was the ex-con you were worried about? Uh, no, no. I-I checked into it and he's back in a cell on a parole violation. Well, I hope they catch whoever did it, 'cause how sore my neck is, it'll be totally worth it if I can spit in somebody's face. My baby... what did they do to you? Mom... I'm okay. (laughing): Mom. You'll have to excuse me if I'm not 100% pleasantries, here, but where the hell were you when my little girl was being attacked? Dad, calm down. No, I'm not gonna calm down. Can you look me in the eye and tell me it was business? This wasn't Jackson's fault. Dad, he wasn't at home because I kicked him out. (door opens) Alice Ann : There she is! (door closes) Working late? Breaker on the walk-in kept tripping. Gil : Why... why didn't you call me? 'Cause you disappeared, Gil. Right, okay, so, you're still mad. Um... did you get my message, though? 'Cause, you know, I did some big thinking and, um... I'm done screwing up. You know? Gonna hold myself accountable and everything. If you want to, you could... take that as the beginning of an apology... Gil, please. I'm really tired. I just want to sleep. (sighs) Hey, I'm sorry. I, um... I got your message, and you said some really nice things. Just... Do you want to see the present I got you? You like it? (phone rings) (phone beeps on) Hello? Alice Ann : Ernest Borgnine, stupid! From  Airwolf!  Geez! Okay. (phone beeps off) What's going on? Marina's in the hospital. Someone attacked her. (monitor beeping rhythmically) Gil : They've gone too far, Jackie. We need to hit 'em where they live. No, this is my fault. Terry made a threat, and I said nothing. I-I should have been there to protect her. I should have... I might have had something to do with it. Shawnie, it's not the time. No, no. No, he needs to know. Look, when you told us to stand down with Dooley, I couldn't do it. I was too pissed off about Boots. So, I told the 7-7s where he was, and they hit his house, took him out. What are you saying? You're saying Dooley's dead? I didn't do it, but I saw it happen. What are thinking, man? We spoke about this! What are you thinking? It's not just him, okay? I went to pick him up, and we took some drugs and some cash that was laying around... You did wh...? Oh, that's great. Both of you... why do you make this so hard, man? I know. I understand. I... You don't know. You don't understand, Gil. If you did, you wouldn't do it. Ray Carroll's got a safe... ...and I think he's got pictures in it. What? When I was in Austin with the campaign, some donor guy got drunk and started talking about it. And apparently, it's at his ranch. What ranch? Some hunting place outside of Houston. Oh, this is good. Whatever's in that safe... that could be the key to bringing him to his knees. You've been to this ranch? No, but I can find out where it is. I just think, instead of fighting, we keep our eye on the ball. I mean, this guy seemed really scared. And I bet you Carroll's blackmail stuff's in there. All right, you three should go out there, check it out. What about Annie and Baby Boots? I mean, Terry went after Marina, right? What's to stop him from going after all of our people? Listen, go pick 'em up and bring 'em over to our place. We can hole up there till this thing blows over. Thanks. (monitor beeping rhythmically) I'm so sorry. The only reason I told you about Jackson and the DEA was to keep you current. Not so you could go and attack the man's fiancée. You know, it wasn't supposed to go down like that. I was actually looking for Jackson, not her. It wasn't supposed to go down at all! There's a plan in place for Jackson Brooks, and not a single human in the species is welcome to deviate from it. Now tell me you understand that, Terry. Or else me and some of the people that help keep you in business might need to start taking a hard line here. You know, I think I had just about enough of you rolling up in here and telling me what I can and can't do. You watch your mouth now. You need me more than I need you. Needed. You're out there giving speeches about the American dream while I'm sitting in here losing money because my product's not flowing. Doesn't add up to me. So what? You're gonna start running things on your own now, is that it? Gonna get your own supply line going? Using what route? Under whose protection? Never you mind what I'm gonna do. We're done, Warden. Your services are no longer needed. I'm done listening to you. You're making a big mistake, Terry. Oh, I don't think so. In fact, I should have done this a long time ago. Door is that way. (whirring) They just don't send kids from Quitman here anymore. Don't need to. They got state-of-the-art everything at that New Quitman. All I had was a stethoscope and a toilet. You gonna tell me why you keep digging through admissions from 1988? How good are these records? If a name's not on there, they were never here. Kids never even made it. Did you say something? Yeah, I did. I've been quiet for too long. Why are you so stupid? How's it going in here? Oh. Piece of cake. I'm working on getting us into the ranch. I'm not really sure how it's gonna happen yet, but there's probably gonna be a lot of security there. Oh, we crash the gate, I knee-cap a guy, use him as a human shield, strap dynamite to the safe and blow the door off its hinges. That's, like, five things off my bucket list. Come on, Gil, we get caught and we can pretty much kiss everything we've worked for good-bye. Kidding, Jessie. I was trying to get you to smile. Look, I know I can be a big dumb animal sometimes. I just don't want to see you get hurt like Marina did. No, I know. I'm sorry I lost it at the campaign office. Could you stop being mad at me now? A little bit? ♪ Celebrate good times, come on... ♪ Jessie? You made it! How are you? Oh. Embarrassed. We're super late. Oh, don't worry about it. You look amazing. How you doing? - Hey. Benjamin Todd. I'm Gil. Look like you know your way to the bar, am I right? It's right there. Ah. ♪ So bring your good times... ♪ Well, his manners needs manners, but... Actually, he's, a... he's a really amazing chef. Like a chef, chef. He has all his hair. He treats me all right. Is my bar set too low? I'm sorry. I've been divorced twice if that tells you anything. Oh, it tells me two guys somewhere are idiots. Hey! Oh, Boots! How are you, sweetie? Boots! Oh, man. I'm so happy for you. Wow. Hey, uh, this is my wife, uh, Annie. Jessie West, my wife. Oh, my. Oh! I've got to go schmooze with my Arkansas cousins, uh, but I will be back in a second, and we'll talk. It's so great seeing you. Nice to meet you. (laughter) Well... Uh, so, can I get you a drink? Oh, I'm-I'm sure my boyfriend's doing that. Oh. Well, hey, listen, I got a... I got a secret stash in the back. We don't have to wait in line or anything, so... Thank you. How've you been? I want to hear everything. Yes. So we all good? Yeah. Yeah, we're good. I'll let you get back to it. (chuckles) Well... broke some chains last night, Liz. Ain't nobody telling me what to do anymore. Must be nice. Is that the reason you called me out of an interview? Lawyer named Jackson Brooks. I want him arrested. Jackson Brooks. Yeah. On what charge? Murder. (scoffs) Look into the disappearance of a man named Red Tyson. A guard from Quitman a while back. Little bird told me that you'll find the counselor at the bottom of that mystery. I've looked into him before. He's represented his share of scumbags, but he's straight. You're wrong, Detective. Jackson Brooks is a killer. Shotguns, handguns, semiautomatics. I got sawed-offs, assault rifles, I got Desert Eagles for days. Piece like that will cost you. Uh, me forgetting your face'll cost you a little bit more. Unacceptable. The governor of Texas himself is going to be endorsing my husband... your boss... less than a week from today, and you lose the venue? It's a country club, CeCe. Their membership overturned hosting us. Jessie : Well, what about your ranch? Boys in Austin were talking about it. Rolling hills, picture perfect. I mean, couldn't we just do the endorsement there? (sighs) Could. I mean, if you can get me out there and see what kind of setup we're talking about, and you could keep the announcement date before the  Chronicle  leaks a headline. You know what, we could even go today. You know what... sold. I was planning on taking my grandson out there later anyway. You can tag along. (low, indistinct conversation) Speak of the devil. Your ears must have been burning... Diana was just asking me about your history. What are-what are you doing here? What do you mean? I am... I'm visiting your fiancée. I've seen you with Ray Carroll. Well, that's not out of the realm of possibility. The man is running for congress, after all, and I am his biggest supporter. Jackson, what's going on? I have history... with Ray Carroll. Nine months in Quitman. But you already know that, don't you? Not sure I like your tone. Jackson, what's gotten into you? Baby, this woman is a liar. Any firm in Texas would've killed to have your business, but you came to ours out of the blue, unsolicited. Why? You are supposed to be exceptional lawyers, are you not? What's your angle? Ray Carroll send you to get close to me, to my fiancée, is that it? Jackson. Is that why you're here? Jackson, enough. Is that-is that it? Jackson... Diana... Is that what you're doing here? You just focus on your recovery, sweetie. And I will come back at a better time. And I'm going to assume, Mr. Brooks, that your attacks on my character are borne out of the impotence that you must feel out of not being able to protect your loved ones. And if that were not the case, then you and your firm would owe me the world's most sincere apology. And you still might. Terry :  You remember how, when we was young,  we had plans to run the entire gang, top to bottom, wholesale to the streets? Terry, that was a long time ago. Yeah, well, it's time to bring that plan into effect. All right, now, look, I'm out from under the warden. So I'm gonna need to get a sit-down with the cartel's man down here in Houston. You still in touch with Pablo from back in the day? Not at all. Well, get in touch with him. You two were pretty tight back then. Tell him I need to see him. Terry, I have no desire to set foot back in that world again. There is no way... No, no, pause, pause. I ain't got time to argue with you, little bro. Call Pablo. You able to get that meet, I can get the rest of these birds up out of this church. The rest of 'em? I thought you was taking everything with you right now. Just keeping a small reserve. Inventory management. I need that meeting, all right? Make it happen. I'll see you later. (doors closes) Winters : A guard named Red Tyson, did he transfer over? No, he vanished sometime in '98 if memory serves. I mean, that guy, he disappeared. Any idea what happened to him? He was at work one day, next day he wasn't is what happened to him. He was dumb as a dollar watch. Just like that Bobby Marks, his running buddy? Those two were peas in a pod. Any idea where I might find Mr. Marks? You're a detective, ain't you? Detect. Ray : Sweet Amy Reese. What's it been, old gal... a couple of decades? You look tired. Not you. You done pretty good for yourself. I owe it to being careful. You remember Bobby Marks? Someone pointed some trouble in his direction. Figuring it was you who did it, I've had a man parked across the street from you ever since. He tells me you've had some interesting guests. The name Shawn Cook ring a bell? I don't need to say nothing to you. That's all right. I'm not really here to listen. Hey, so what's the story? Well, got our in at the ranch. Jessie convinced the warden's wife to have some party there. Gonna go check it out in a bit. She's going alone? No, I'm going with her. Oh, wait a second, Gil, you should... No, it's cool, Jackie. We have a plan. Gonna sneak in with Jessie. They won't even know I'm there. Got to figure out a way to get into the safe. I'm pretty sure that ain't the answer, bro. So, where's Jessie? 
 
 (knocking) (hinges creak) Hey. Can I talk to you for a second? Really not the best idea. I heard about the plan. You guys gonna be okay? You came all the way up here to ask me that? (chuckles) I, uh, I... I came here to say that last night... it was, uh, careless. We got swept away. And I-I don't want to hurt people that I care about. Neither do I. It was a mistake, and I don't know how it got here, but we-we-we shouldn't... Jackson, it didn't happen. I agree with you. So let's just drop it, okay? (chuckles) What is this? You're snooping in my drawers, really? Since when do you own a gun? It's not mine. Belonged to Boots. Annie asked me to get rid of it. So, why haven't you? (laughs) (speaking Spanish) My man, Dennis Lowen. Big P. What's up, Big P? So, tell me, man, how's the Jesus business? Well, not as good as the  vato  business, huh? What, this? This is nothing. Using the church as a front? Now that's some  cojones  worth having. Yeah, except it's not a front, it's legit. Like I told you, I'm on the straight and narrow, man. I came to ask you a favor. It's for my brother. Now, hear me out, hear me out. Terry wants to have a sit-down with the big boss. He's got a business proposition for him. Hey, he'll make it worth your while. What you get out of it? Another headache off my plate. (laughs) All right. I'll see what I can do. Woman (calling) : Bobby ain't been home! In fact, I ain't seen him for a while. Do you know Mr. Marks? Yeah. Since I've been the manager. He was too cheap to rent a marina slip, so I let him set up shop out here. Any idea where I might find him? No. Not really. His car's been gone. His rent's not paid. But this ain't like him to run off. Especially since he'd rather live here than anywhere else. That is until such time somebody wrestles this country back from the claws of hell. Has he had any visitors recently? I don't get out here much. But I did see some people coming through the guard gate a while back, city types. Two white fellas and a black 'un. Thank you. (phone ringing) Hey, Liz, what's up? You still throwing it in that cute little DA you had on the side? Well, that's crude. But yeah. Think you can get a warrant out of her for me? I need you to go up on a cell phone for a Bobby or Robert Marks. See if you can find his last ping. (phone beeps off) (monitor beeping rhythmically) (knocking) Well, I have some good news and good news. Could you use either one of those right now? All your test results came back normal, so we're sending you home in a bit. And more importantly, the injuries didn't affect your pregnancy. I'm sorry, the what? Oh, uh, you didn't know. Uh, beta hCG suggests you're 12 weeks pregnant. Congratulations. Hey. You are so cute. (jabbers) You got a good one here. When Jessie was a baby, she cried all the time. Oh, he has his moments. But I think he likes you. Hey. Y'all seen my cell phone anywhere? I can't remember where I left it. It's right here. (groans, clicks tongue) It's from Amy. I found something you need to see. What's wrong? I found proof. I can help you boys. Nothing. It's good news. Listen, I'll be back later, okay? This a bad time? Yeah, it's a perfect time if you want to blow our cover. (chuckles) What are you wearing? I'm hanging up, Gil. Come on! What? Am I being inappropriate? Listen, I'm gonna get you to laugh today if it's the last thing I do... (phone beeps off) (brakes squeak) Hey, you're a much better driver from the trunk! (chuckles) I just want to raise a glass to my friend Boots and his beautiful bride, Annie. You guys bring out the best in each other, and you make the rest of us better people just by being our friends. What you guys have is what every heart should want. Annie, you made a lucky guy out of Boots. And, uh, Boots, as always, brother, you give me something to shoot for when I'm aiming to be a better man. So... thank you for that. I love you. Congratulations, brother. Raise 'em up. (cheering and applause) (chuckles) Amy. It's me. I got your message. Amy. Amy. Hello? Amy? It's Shawn. (knocking) Amy. Amy! Amy, no. (grunting) Amy, no. (indistinct radio transmission) Shawnie. Oh, man, I'm sorry. I did this to her, Jackie. She said she found something I needed to see, and now she's dead. Hung from a damn rod like an animal. This is not your fault, Shawn. You tell the police that? They're gonna want to talk to you again, but right now they think it's a suicide. Yeah. Just the way the warden wanted it, right? Now if we go around saying some guy running for congress did this, they're... Yeah, they're gonna think we're all crazy. Yeah, well, whatever she found, Jackie, it wasn't worth it. She's dead. Marina is in the hospital. Gil's right. Hittin' those bastards where they live is the answer. (gurney clacking) (doors closing) I'm sorry. Hey. It's not your fault. (crying) (imitates airplane engine) (chuckles) Hmm. You're absolutely right. Look at this, it's perfect. (sighs) We can put the stage over there. Mm-hmm. Two tents, four peaks apiece. Mm-hmm. Bar over there. Why didn't I think of this? Oh, you would have. Eventually. Hmm. (chuckles) Should we go inside and draw up some plans? Yeah, let's do it. Okay. Charlie, come on, sweetie. (chuckles) (beeps) (keys jangle) (knocking) Hey, Uncle D. Have you seen my... Leesha. Oh, my God. Is that what I think it is? Leesha, let me explain. Listen, I know it looks bad, but... remember, honey, when we were talking about teachable moments? Does my father know about this? No, baby, he... he has no idea. (door opens) Leesh... (door closes) You sure this is the place? I told you I'd get you within two football fields of the last ping of that cell, and this is it. Now, you should be looking at a lake. Yeah, I see it. I'm pulling over now. According to the cell records, Bobby's last ping was somewhere close to where you're standing. (whirring) Stupid safe. Who are you? Hey, little man. I'm, uh... I'm John, a friend of your grandpa's. What are you doing? Uh, well, I have a surprise for him. But it's-it's in here, and I can't get the door open. We're not supposed to go in there. Grandpa says it's dangerous. Right. Well... that's too bad. 'Cause it's-it's a really cool surprise. Will this open that door? Yeah. I'm not supposed to be in here. Right. Well, uh, what's your name? Charlie. Okay, Charlie, I'll tell you what. I don't want you to get in trouble, so I won't tell anyone that I saw you if you don't tell anyone you saw me. Think you can do that for me? I will for 20 bucks. (chuckles) You are a Carroll. All right. Hold on, please. Arms up. I ordered you a drink. Where's Pablo? He won't be joining us today. Who the hell are you? I am your benefactor. I make it possible for you to do what you do by doing what I do. Which is what? Everything. Have a seat. My name is Diana Stockman, and I have ears in every boardroom and back room and courthouse in Texas and all its neighboring states. And I have enough important men on my payroll to fill a truck full of ledgers. And I have inserted myself between you and my friends in the cartel because I want to make you an offer, which I will make only once. I'm gonna double your empire, Terrence, so smile. But in exchange, you have to promise to leave Jackson Brooks alone, since I have plans for him. And you have to end your measuring contest with Ray Carroll. Which I'm sure you'd certainly win. The warden's on your payroll? Agree to my terms and I am going to open up things to you that you are going to love. The Port of Houston, for one. 'Cause you can push more weight on ships than you ever could on trains. So, aside from keeping your product flowing, I am gonna keep the cops off your back and your enemies in jail. And all you need to do is behave. Hey. Uh, wh-what's going on? I'm being discharged. My parents are waiting downstairs. I'm gonna be staying with them. Baby, no, no. Look, if you're worried about coming home, I will be there. Marina, give me a chance to make this right. I-I can fix this. It's beyond fixing, Jackson. The lying is bad enough, but then y... you come in here and you accuse Diana of wh... whatever that was with Ray Carroll, and you tell her about Quitman... I mean, you're acting crazy. There's a reason for it, I promise you. I want to keep you safe. I will tell you everything. I just need more time. I don't have any more time. ♪ ♪ Hey, sorry, uh... it's just, I... I don't know what's in here. Do you mind if I do this by myself? I'll be inside if you need me. Okay? ♪ My baby, my baby ♪ 
♪ Talkin' 'bout my baby ♪ 
♪  Some kind of wonderful  ♪ 
♪ Talkin' 'bout my baby ♪ 
♪  Some kind of wonderful  ♪ 
♪ Talkin' 'bout my baby ♪ 
♪  Some kind of wonderful  ♪ 
♪ Talkin' 'bout my baby, my baby ♪ 
♪ My baby ♪ (mouthing) ♪ Talkin' 'bout my baby ♪ 
♪  Some kind of wonderful  ♪ 
♪ Talkin' 'bout my baby ♪ 
♪  Some kind of wonderful...  ♪ Let's go. Let's go. Come on. It's time. ♪ ♪ Let's go. It's time to go. (song ends) No, we'll just... just go. Are you guys taking off? Yeah, no, we got a long ride home... I don't think Jessie wants to leave. I don't really care what you think. What's going on, guys? (chuckles): Come on, babe. Get your hands off her, pal. Gil, you don't have to stand up for me. It's fine. Exactly. Why don't you go to Men's Wearhouse and get yourself a refund for that suit, huh? Okay, guys, uh, let's not... let's not do this here, okay? ♪ ♪ I won't hit him unless you tell me to, Jessie. She's not gonna tell you to hit me, bro. Know why? 'Cause she's... she's tired of guys like you. You know? Guys named after, what, truck drivers? Tell you something, bud, this woman right here has got more class in her pinky finger than you'll ever have in your entire life. She's here with her friends, she wants to stay, and you're not gonna treat her like this. Okay. Come on, babe. ♪ All I've got to give ♪ 
♪ To make all your dreams ♪ 
♪ Come true... ♪ Fine. Whatever. I mean, he's been looking at you all night, you've been looking at him... It's your grave. You want to stay here dancin' to Merle Haggard, be my guest. It's George Strait, Captain Smug. Oh, let him go, he's not worth it. I'm not worried about that, it's... he was my ride. Guess I'll have to give you a ride home. ♪ ♪ Come on, I like this song. ♪ So let's make each tomorrow ♪ 
♪ Be the best ♪ 
♪ It can be ♪ 
♪ I cross my heart ♪ 
♪ And promise to... ♪ (insect chirping) It's gonna be all hands on deck for a while, you feel me? About to blow up. Where you going, Terry? (engine starts) (whistle blows sharply) Terry : All right, all right, play the ball now, play the ball! Okay, okay, okay, okay! Let it develop! (whistle blows) (indistinct chatter) Let's go! (whistle blows) (spectators exclaim) Come on, Leesha! Come on, that's all you! Hey, you want to kill me, Terry? Kill me. Come on. I'm right here. Jackson Brooks. Remember the last time I saw you, your voice hadn't cracked. Get up. Get up. Come on. Get up. I'm gonna urge you to calm down. What, you think these people don't know what you do, Terry? How about I tell them all that you attack innocent women? Terry : Hey. Careful, now. Look, man, you need to get out of here. I got your number, too, Eddie. Get up. Come on. (whispering): This is what you wanted, man, come on. Come on. Get up! (whistle blows) I don't need to hurt you, lawyer. You got bigger problems than me. Now, you should be thanking me for my restraint. You roll up on me again, I might not be so careful next time. Believe that. Now, I'm enjoying this game. So shake my hand, like we misunderstood each other, and get the hell on back to your life while you still have it. ♪ ♪ All right, yeah! Let's get our heads in the game! Come on, let's finish strong, now. Come on! (whistle blows) (cheering) ♪ Car on the road ♪ 
♪ Your prized possession in a paper bag ♪ 
♪ Your new obsession in a friend you found ♪ 
♪ You're hangin' on ♪ 
♪ Hangin' on ♪ 
♪ Landed here ♪ 
♪ I have a story ♪ 
♪ That I never told ♪ 
♪ You seem friendly, and I'm all alone ♪ 
♪ All alone ♪ 
♪ All alone... ♪ 
♪ I will show where ♪ 
♪ You can stay ♪ 
♪ I know a place ♪ 
♪ That's safe ♪ 
♪ We can cut through ♪ 
♪ Miles of space ♪ (sniffles) ♪ I will lead the way ♪ 
♪ Years ago ♪ 
♪ I was one of many men to go ♪ 
♪ I was assigned to do ♪ 
♪ Unspeakable things ♪ 
♪  Things I can, things I can, things I can  ♪ 
♪ Things I can, things I can never get out of my mind ♪ 
♪ Without the smoke ♪ 
♪ I am a slave to ghosts and images ♪ 
♪ But I don't have ♪ 
♪ The strength for that ♪ 
♪ So I look deeper and deeper ♪ 
♪ And I'm so glad ♪ 
♪ You stayed ♪ 
♪ Stayed ♪ 
♪ Stayed ♪ (indistinct radio transmission) ♪ Stayed ♪ 
♪ I'm so glad you stayed ♪ 
♪ Oh, oh-oh, oh, oh ♪ 
♪ Oh, oh-oh, oh, oh ♪ 
♪ I'm so glad you stayed ♪ 
♪ Oh, oh-oh, oh, oh ♪ 
♪ Oh, oh-oh, oh, oh ♪ 
♪ Oh... oh-oh. ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 