Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x09 - Rock and Roll Queen - Vinyl 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x09 - Rock and Roll Queen https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=570&t=26561 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/11/16 12:24 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x09 - Rock and Roll Queen 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 (THEME MUSIC PLAYING) 
 ♪ All night long ♪ 
♪ Hey, now, now, now, now ♪ 
♪ Hey, little baby ♪ 
♪ You been on my mind ♪ 
♪ Look in my dreams ♪ 
♪ Your taste is all I find ♪ 
♪ Hey, now, darling ♪ 
♪ Where you stay out all night long ♪ 
♪ I wanna tell you ♪ 
♪ You know your daddy's home ♪ 
♪ All night long ♪ 
♪ All night long. ♪ 
 (MAN COUGHING) Guard :  Finestra. (KEYS JINGLING) I was down the shore. I jumped in the car as soon as I heard. They called my house instead of the service. Our girl's Vietcong. Can't understand a f*cking word she says. Jesus Christ, you're burning up. You couldn't get him a doctor? Give him two aspirin and call me when he's not a junkie. All f*cking weekend before they call you? I want to sue. Yeah, I'm not sure that's the move right now. A man tried to kill me. I got to defend myself. Then you rolled him in a rug and dumped his body. Manslaughter. Obstruction of justice. Aiding and abetting. Destruction of evidence. Mr. Finestra, how you doing? You look like sh1t. Whorisky :  You remember Detective Voehel? He's with the Organized Crime Task Force. You spoke to him a while back. Nate Druker, Assistant US Attorney, Eastern District. Harlan Reed, counsel for Mr. Finestra. I had an uncle named Harlan. We used to call him Harlan Marlin. Anybody ever call you So at best we're looking at, what, manslaughter? Or murder three. Still up in the air. That's 30 years. Which is absurd, firstly. And why does the US Attorney's Office give a sh1t? Corrado Galasso. How long you been working for him? I don't work for Corrado Galasso. Richie. He loaned me money. I'm paying him back with a pound of flesh. You know what? Arraign my client and let's call it a day, guys. Come on, this is bullshit. Your client's going to trial. We send you upstate. Even if all you get is a year, in that time business has folded, your wife's banging the neighbor, you're f*cking broke. Or you stay out of jail, you help us put an actual criminal in the can. Whoa, whoa, whoa. You want me to rat on Corrado Galasso? Why don't you just put a bullet in my head now? Information, that's all. You overhear a conversation,  you see something interesting, you let us know. And the matter at hand? Buck Rogers? If and when the case ever gets prosecuted, we'll remind the court how helpful your client was with Mr. Galasso. What do you mean by if and when? We solved a homicide. It's a high-profile murder case. We're just gonna sweep it under the carpet? Look, he'll plead to manslaughter. Feds have a bigger fish with Galasso. I don't know anything about Galasso. Maury Gold is your friend. Galasso infiltrated his company years ago. Didn't infiltrate my f*cking company. I can hold these guys off for a day maybe, but that's it. Reed :  Yeah, you're all heart. Talk to your client. We're fairly confident that he can funnel us some information without getting himself killed. You're free to go. Harlan Marlin. What do you think? (SCOFFS) What do I think? I think ratting on Corrado Galasso's a suicide mission. But the last guy I know sent to the can for manslaughter got all his teeth knocked out so they could f*ck him in the mouth without scraping. So honestly, my friend, I don't know what to think. (SIREN WAILING) (MUTTERING) (THUNDER RUMBLING) Hey! Get the f*ck out of there! That's my sh1t! Hey! Put that back, you fucker! Oh, God damn it. f*ck. sh1t. Bellamy! Bellamy! Aunt Bellamy! Hey! What the f*ck did you do? Bellamy! You stop screaming or I will call the police. Now she made me do it. I'm sorry. My mother? If you really wanted this to work out, you should have listened to her instead of carrying on with degenerates. She pay you? Did she f*cking pay you to put me on the street? You think I like this? She's right. You are a whore. No, no. I need to get my... You go, get out of here! (GRUNTS) (GASPS) (BREATHING HEAVILY) Oh, my God.  (DOOR CLOSES)  (THUNDER RUMBLING) Ow. What the f*ck?  (MUSIC PLAYING) (ELEVATOR BELL DINGS) Richie, good morning. Good weekend? We let 75% of our staff go. You can't bring new people in and ask my receptionist to get you coffee. She does my bills. You ask a bookkeeper nowadays to answer the phone, she'll lop off your schvanz with a letter opener. Oh, look who decided to show up, huh? He's the welcome wagon now? They moved in already. I need a girl of my own, Richie. He's got Dull Gret over here. She's a bookkeeper. Stewie's gonna come back from f*cking Da Nang, he's not gonna have a place to sit. And then this one, he wants Heather working for him exclusively. Listen to me, okay? We'll share Cece, all right? Yours with the... Yeah. No, no, no. She's got an attitude, okay? They want to make a point, they should do it on their own time. Okay? All the best in the business in one room. See, now this is what I'm talking about. I can't get a cup of coffee around here. Thank you. It's Tab. You want it? She's an executive now. Oh. Yeah. You okay? Jesus H.C. I thought you were dead in an alley. You were supposed to take the kids to dinner yesterday. Devon called me last night. I didn't know what to say. Back, back, back. She had those babies standing on the corner... He doesn't care for it either. ♪ If you're really hip, the passing years would show ♪ 
♪ You in a hip trip ♪ 
♪ Maybe hipper than hip ♪ 
♪ What is hip? ♪ (CLICKS) Get me out of the center of the frame. You got to shake up the competition. I'm playing with the depth of field. Stop covering your cock. (SIGHS) Why am I completely sure that your kids are gonna walk in right now? Ingrid took them for breakfast at the Sherry-Netherland and then shopping at Schwarz. She's working out some kind of Auntie Mame thing.  You gonna sell these? (GASPS) No. Your John Lennon shots will get you two, three grand a pop. (CAMERA CLICKS) Really? God, I should find the roll I took of Jimi Hendrix wearing my underwear. Talk about art. What? What? Yeah, we were all hanging out at the house. I don't think I ever even developed those. Hang on, you have an undeveloped roll of Jimi Hendrix snapshots that you took in, what... in your living room? I have boxes of that crap. I became a professional entertainer of musicians either nurturing or kicking smack habits. Somehow our pool became the best place in the country to do either. And you never developed them? It was just something to do. Let's drive out to your house. We'll develop all of it. It was private time with friends. Mmm. Don't you think you should have a source of income? I mean, Ingrid's gonna get bored with your kids eventually and... Stop it. I'm sorry. You think the box in my attic is some kind of windfall for you? No. Then why are we talking about my finances? Because I don't want you to run out of money and then leave. ♪ Lovely Judy ♪ 
♪ Can you see ♪ 
♪ Where it is ♪ 
♪ You're meant to be ♪ 
♪ Where you lay your head tonight... ♪ 
♪ Gonna go down south ♪ 
♪ I'm gonna go down south to Mexico ♪ 
♪ I'm going down, down, down to Mexico ♪ 
♪ Where a man can be free ♪ 
♪ No one's gonna put a noose around my neck ♪ 
♪ No one is gonna give me life, no ♪ 
♪ I'm going down to Mexico, I'm going down... ♪ Wouldn't want to piss her off. (ALL LAUGH) It's worth a look. Marvy. She was at Max's? Yeah. Veiniacs? In the studio. New demo by the end of the month. Everybody hit the lunch order? Oh! Indigo. Who's got Indigo? It was Barry's, but nobody's gonna cover them now. They just finished the new album. I liked the first one. You and nobody else. I don't think we got enough money to put the thing on the shelves. What's it sound like? Like the first one. It's not bad, it just didn't sell. It's dance music. Those people don't buy albums. People who dance? Yeah, people who dance. Dump 'em. Start on the paperwork. (SIGHS) Wood Line? Don't mean to interrupt. Just here to listen. Taught me everything I know. We're lucky to have him in the building. Okay, um, Wood Line's on tour? It's three weeks and they're writing songs for the new album. Did you want to order lunch? Is this gonna go all day? No, no, we order sandwiches and then we eat them at our desks. We're barbarians? Nasty Bits? Lester is finishing the mix from Friday and we're shooting cover art today. What happened to Jamie? She's finally invited to the table, she doesn't show? I told her to make sure the star gets to the studio. I understand he likes the needle. Who's the photographer? For the Bits? Shari. Hal always used Cruz. Gave us a rate, right? It showed. And speaking of Hal, I'm gonna make that up to you. We're bringing Hannibal back here. All right, yes. That's what I like to hear, yes. He's already signed to Koronet. Takes Jackie weeks to put a contract together. Hannibal only went there 'cause of me. I know it hurt your feelings. But you swallow your mammoth f*cking ego,  take the guy out to dinner, he'll be back here in a week. ♪ Hannibal ♪ All: ♪ We want you back. ♪ Yes. Hannibal! Let the professionals do what they do, right? All right. (DOOR OPENS) Andrea :  What's with her?  (DOOR CLOSES) Let's let Hannibal go. What? Scott :  What are you talking about? Why? Okay, come on, what else we got? Come on. I got something. (CLEARS THROAT) Compilation album. Huh? Rondelay Records Greatest Hits of the '50s. CBS-FM's all oldies, like they discovered the wheel. But, you know, kids are going for it. You know what? That's a good idea. Released in conjunction with American Century Records. (SCOFFS) Sit with Julie. Put together a playlist. Hmm? I think the mandate here is to get our living acts up on their feet. It's a cash cow. You need money. This is where it comes from. Well, if Rondelay's gonna pay all the production costs, then maybe. But American Century, we can't finance that. We're launching a sublabel. If our first release is a '50s compilation, sounds kind of off. Yes, and I want to get a band together for the kid I'm working, Gary. Scott :  Yes. We're gonna call him Xavier, actually. So if there's any spare cash laying around, it should go to that. You A&R now, Zak? I got a lot of interests. You American Century now? Sit with him and put a f*cking list together. Move on. Andrea :  Corso's coming in today so we can get him working on Melanie. Maybe you sit with him. Tell him about Zak's kid Xavier, Maury's record. Give him something to talk about with that big mouth. (SCOFFS) Look at that. It's f*cking great. What the f*ck? Who's going after Magic Tramps? We got a plan? Anybody? Penny. They're your guys, right? Penny :  I really think I wanna go with... (MUSIC PLAYING) (BLOWS) (PLATES CLATTER) This is what you eat for breakfast? If you ever stayed, you'd know that. Are you gonna stay? Yeah, tonight, if that's okay. Yeah. More than tonight. (CRYING) It's gonna be all right. You're gonna be okay.  (MUSIC PLAYING) They're keeping Donny Osmond, but they're dropping Indigo? I know, but it's got to sell. It's f*cking stupid. ♪ Oh, no ♪ 
♪ Don't run away from your love... ♪ Good song, right? ♪ The heart of the groove, from the way that we move ♪ 
♪ Kill the lights, we can't lose... ♪  (MUSIC PLAYING) (SNORTING) Ah! (CLEARING THROAT) Richie. Want a hit? Nah. Hey, your Bowie knockoff,  he'll play really big on WIXY and FIL. Okay, but he's not a knockoff. He's gonna be his own thing. Yeah? Called what? Twiggy Heartburst or Wiggy Fartdust? That's good. You ought to write that down. (LAUGHING) What do you say we do some sort of party for the compilation? Like maybe a sock hop thing or something. (SNORTING)  (MAURY'S VOICE FADES) Yeah, but if we're gonna do that, we do it at your offices before you close up shop. Talk about nostalgia, place has been the same for 85 years, right? We got to move the desks and get a girl to come in and clean. Everybody's wearing bowling shirts, maybe. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Rent a space. Mine ain't good. You're out already? Hanging on to it. I thought the whole point was to not pay rent. Use it for storage, that sort of thing. Galasso? We don't need to get into it.  I ain't getting into anything. Whatever Corrado Galasso wants to do with his business is his business. Shut the f*ck up. Okay, I'm gonna go. Yeah. Xavier with a Z sound. Don't get fooled by the X. I know that's confusing. Hey, you got something for me? Zak :  Always, come on. Anything we got to talk about? Maury :  Oh, what a f*cking moron. I'm sorry about that.  (MAURY LAUGHING) (SIGHS) (CHUCKLING) Well, what is it? Galasso came in with his lugs yesterday. Using my space to store God knows what the f*ck. Looks like he's gonna blow a vessel to the brain. His daughter, God bless her, she's driving him nuts. The one I met at the studio that time? This other one, you know. She's a half-wit. You know, he doesn't bring her anywhere. But, boy, does she know how to unlock the alley door. I'm telling you, she sneaks out. She's blowing every spic in the neighborhood, right? First one he kills. But he can't keep up. There'd be blood running in the streets. (CHUCKLES) All the money in the world can't buy a man peace of mind, you know? You ever... I ever what? Nah, nothing. We should start meeting in the conference room. You know, more businesslike. (MUSIC PLAYING) Yeah, all right. (LAUGHING) Try this. f*ck, yeah, man. Liberace now. Oh, jackpot. How'd the session go? The track ain't bad. Soon as we're solid here, I'm gonna stop by the studio, pick up the tape, bring it to Richie. Otto :  You look like an underage whore, man! There he is.  (BAND MEMBERS CHATTING) You ready for your close-up? Alex :  Hey, where the f*ck have you been? Two hours late? Are you kidding me? Leave her alone. Come on. Otto :  Jamie, check out Nolan in the boa. Hey, guys. Okay, rock star. Let Shari tell you what she's thinking. So we thought we'd have you sitting on the couch. Maybe holding one of the cups, taking a sip, looking straight to camera, and then they're just desecrating the place. Hey, go where she had you. (IMITATES LESTER) Yeah, go where she had you. (JAMIE GIGGLES) Lester : She got a whole costume for you. And a wig. An old English thing. How great is that? Know what? I got an idea. Maybe I should jump on the coffee table. You know? She could catch me midair right when I'm blowing through it. (LAUGHS) Andrea :  Nice. Otto :  You Spider-Man? Can we do that? Yeah, I'd want to set up a few more cameras, sure. So he's Satan's favorite son and, what, I'm the queen mum? You get to wear the wig, man. And a constable's suit. It's marketing. Says something about who you are. Here. Otto :  Ooh, watch out. You're on f*cking thin ice, mate. (BRITISH ACCENT) "You're on f*cking fin ice, fate." We just want a single idea that defines you visually. You know, like an English guy with a bunch of Yankee assholes. It's the first idea. It doesn't have to be the last one. I left my home to come here. I'm playing with a bunch of punters I found on the street. Does that not tell you anything? Why don't you tell us what it's about? I'm not looking to be defined by my relationship to the f*cking crown. It's a picture. You're all about the sound. Why do you even give a sh1t? Oh, you don't give a sh1t how you look? You with the comb in your back pocket puffing yourself so much we barely got time to play. If I told you to cut it off so we had a unified visual idea, you'd do it? You got any scissors? Shari :  Sure. No f*cking way.  I'm gonna do it right now.  He'll sh1t himself. No, actually, I can't do it. You do it. Otto :  f*ck, I'll do it. I will. f*ck. Wait, sit down so she can shoot it. Shari :  Yeah, there's your cover. Are you serious? You better wear that goddamn Tory wig, m*therf*cker. With pleasure. Shari :  Hey, guys, let's get one of you on each side of Kip. You're my hero. You know that, right? Yeah, I f*cking better be. 
 
 (MUSIC PLAYING) ♪ Come on, everybody, and let's get together tonight ♪ 
♪ I got some money in my jeans ♪ 
♪ And I'm really gonna spend it right ♪ 
♪ Well, I've been doing my homework all week long ♪ 
♪ And now my house is empty and my folks are gone ♪ 
♪ Hoo, come on, everybody... ♪ (KNOCKS) Cece said it was all right. Hey. Sure. You okay, pal? Yeah, a long weekend. (EXHALES) Plus I'm off the flake, so... Hey, that's great. I couldn't get my hands on it for a couple days, so it forced me to get straight. Might as well ride it, right? Yeah. Saw an act Friday wanted to tell you about. Bruce Springsteen. Isn't he at Columbia? Yeah, but his records ain't doing much. He thinks they may dump him. We could maybe get in there. Uh, is that the kind of thing we're looking for? What do you mean? You know, he's soulful. He's a throwback in some ways. He's like an approachable Dylan. But then I listen to these other kids you like, the Nasty Bits. I... What? Maybe I'm old. I don't know what I'm supposed to be looking for anymore. f*ck that sh1t, okay? Next time you go out, I'll go with you. We'll find the next Beatles. Great. That'd be great. He was at Max's, Springsteen. Yeah, cool. Yeah. I saw Devon there. Hanging out, having a drink. Did you say hi? Sure. So? She looked good. She always looks good. What did she say? Hey, how you doing? Nothing. Well... she left. She goes places. That's how this goes. You don't have to tell me, man. God knows that's how it was with Shirley. Yeah. What the f*ck you doing, man? Shirley was like a knife to the nuts, but, Jesus Christ, you can't let them walk away. Okay, thanks for stopping by. Don't do this, Rich. What do you want me to do, huh? You want me to black her eye, drag her home by the f*cking hair? I don't know, man. Maybe. You know? Maybe. I did squat. And look at me. Wait, you want Shirley back? I don't know! What the f*ck is Maury Gold doing here? Julie. A compilation? Was that for real? Yeah, well, my plan's not working, okay? You want to lay that on me? I gave us all a chance to turn this f*cking ship around. You know, try to figure out how to make something that spoke to people. Direct line right to here, man, okay? You're too old? What do you think? What am I, some kind of prophet to you, huh? Rub on me and then you hear the word of God? It costs a lot of money, okay? There you go, Julie. Got it. Screaming your heart out into a mike, it ain't cheap anymore, okay? And if you don't have 800 grand in the bank, truth in sound, it ain't available. So it's over? Is that it? It's over? No, it ain't over! We're making a goddamn '50s compilation. Yes. (KNOCKS) What?! You got a minute? No, actually. (SCOFFS) What is it? (MUSIC PLAYING) What are you doing here? Supply run. They're doing great. She set it up like the three guys are asleep on the couch and Kip snuck in to chop off Alex's hair. Julie says they're your first act. Yeah. That doesn't mean you have to f*ck them. Did he tell you that's part of the job? No. We're just have... What exactly? None of your f*cking business, actually. It is my business. They got a new guitarist, they're just starting to gel. The last thing they need is love. Andrea :  This one, too. Nobody told you girls not to f*ck the American Century artists? Yo, lay off her. You lay off her. All the guys in the world, she's got to pick Hannibal? Suddenly the rest of us can't discuss an act in a meeting without the secretary dissolving in tears? We'll talk about this later. And this one's banging the singer. Which has nothing to do with anything. No one wants to make girls A&R reps because A&R reps give direction and criticism, which is almost impossible to do with a cock in your mouth. Andy! (CRYING) Drop it. She's... Are you pregnant? f*cking Hannibal? Are you kidding me? Why are the women such stupid f*cking twats? Hey! What? You want me to hold her hand? Walk her to the Sanger Center? I'm sorry. f*ck yourself in the ass. (MUSIC PLAYING) ♪ You rise upon a black day ♪ 
♪ Coming from a mile away ♪  ♪ Every time I hear you say... ♪ (MOUTHS WORD) ♪ That I don't have to be this way... ♪ f*ck. Hey. Lester. Lester. f*ck. Lester. It's temporary. It's not what I wanted, okay? Look, it was either that or I close up shop. Maury ain't got no money. Where'd you get the money from? Galasso. Man, f*ck him! We keep our heads down and we move forward. Stay the f*ck away from me. Hey, you're a manager, okay? A manager. You know how much cash those guys bring in? It's a career. Who gives a sh1t... I had a career, but now I'm back to picking up f*cking scraps from you. Lester, come on. You stay away from me. You get behind me. Richie, Harlan Reed's on the phone for you. Just take a message. He says he's your lawyer. Tell him to call back! I... Les... f*ck! (MUSIC PLAYING ON RADIO) (DOOR OPENS) Hi. You're back. I missed you. Ooh! Did you have fun? Oh, so many adventures. Couldn't buy anything. We learned about window-shopping. You're soggy. She peed in the restaurant. They were lovely about it. They brought a big mop and then a cookie, which I thought was reinforcing the wrong behavior, but we ate the cookie anyhow. This was before the shopping? You didn't want to bring her back? It was humid. She's the only one who wasn't sweating. How was your morning? Fine. If only fine, it wasn't worth my trouble. Okay, we should probably go. Come on. Come on. Stop it. You escaped prosperity with your two goslings and landed in the arms of a handsome rake in the largest apartment in the building.  You're living your divorce fantasy. Be right there. I'm living my motherhood fantasy. I deserve my fun. Do I? Deserve this? I don't know. I don't know what I'm doing. That much is clear. It's going to be fine. Sit. I'll make you some tea. I'll mother all three of you. (MUSIC CONTINUES) (SIGHS) (LOCK CLICKS) Dev, come to the goddamn door. She's two doors down. Long hair? Yeah, she's right there. Sorry, man. (DISTANT SIREN WAILING) (MAN GRUNTING) (GRUNTING CONTINUES) (GRUNTS) f*ck! It's a bat. What? What are you doing? It's a bat. f*ck! You have a bat? Are you f*cking kidding me? Where? There, there. See it? Holy sh1t. Give me the thing. Give me the thing. Give me the thing. No, no, grab a pillow or something. I'm not gonna f*cking throw a pillow at it. Give me that thing. Take this. I'll find something. (SQUEAKING) Ah! m*therf*cker! The f*ck is it?  (WINGS FLAPPING) Hit it! f*ck! f*ck! You okay, man? (GROANS) Ah, f*ck. f*ck. Just get the f*cking... f*ck is it? There, there, there! (SHRIEKS) (GRUNTS) f*ck! Yeah, m*therf*cker! You get it? Yeah, I got the m*therf*cker. (BOTH LAUGH) Jesus, look at that thing. Holy sh1t, man. You're bleeding. f*ck. Oh, whoa. Oh, f*ck. Here. You look like Janet Leigh in the shower. Sorry, man. Does it need stitches? I don't think so. I... (DOOR OPENS) (DOOR CLOSES) Did you hit him? That's your big concern right now? There's blood on the floor. Hey, what the f*ck is this? Reminds me why I'm here. Our kids see this? Get your hands off my things. Goddamn shithole. Let me have it. (SIGHS) You stand those kids up again, I will make a custody agreement that guarantees they forget you ever existed. Don't even think about it. They waited for you. You will not break their hearts like you did mine. How long? What? The guy. I'm not talking about this with you. How long? You stood in front of me coked out of your mind and told me you spent the week with a dead man. And you f*cked a live one. Okay, if that's my punishment, it worked. It wasn't for you. Right, that was for you. Don't act like this is what I wanted. What did you want? You. A life. This. I don't f*cking know. I got clean. For how long, huh? A day? I want you home. I want our children home. Ingrid is gonna go to dinner with you and the kids. If you ditch her, she'll call the cops. (MUSIC PLAYING) ♪ Catch a boat to England, baby ♪ 
♪ Maybe to Spain ♪ 
♪ Wherever I have gone... ♪ Daddy! Hey. Hey. I've missed you so. Dad. Say hi to your daddy. Come here, sweetheart. Come here. Come here. Oh, come here. ♪ Send out for whiskey, baby ♪  ♪ Send out for gin... ♪ I love you. ♪ Me and room service, honey ♪ 
♪ Me and room service, babe... ♪ I love you, baby. Let's go. Come on, come on. (GRUNTS) ♪ When I ain't sleeping, honey ♪ 
♪ When I ain't sleeping, mama ♪ 
♪ When I ain't sleeping well ♪ 
♪ You know you'll find me crying... ♪ Was it this one? Yeah, second side. Jamie :  Is that better? I don't know. You tell me. Yeah, I think so. Yeah, it's hot. Right? Scorching. (MUSIC PLAYING) See? How do you not know it? It's sitting right there. Julie gave me a ton of crap. I ain't got through it all yet. It's not crap. I mean, some of it's crap, but largely it's great. Where's my f*cking slice? Here. (LAUGHS) You hear that? ♪ 'Cause everybody thinks you're a sweet-smelling girl ♪ 
♪ With intelligence and you know how... ♪ ♪ I wouldn't want anyone else to know ♪ 
♪ About the way you really are ♪ 
♪ You're just a rock and roll queen ♪ 
♪ You know what I mean ♪ 
♪ And I'm just a rock and roll star... ♪ Whoo! Whoo-hoo! It's actually pretty great. You see? Julie's not as dumb as he looks. He does look dumb, though. I think he's trying to hide it with that beard. It's not working, is it? No, makes it worse, actually. It's like a really hairy amplifier. (LAUGHING) Right? Right? Hey, don't treat him like an idiot. You're gonna want him on your side. You're gonna want him on your side? Hey. (LAUGHS) ♪ 'Cause everybody thinks you're a sweet little girl ♪ 
♪ With intelligence in your feet ♪ 
♪ I wouldn't want anyone else to know ♪ 
♪ About the way you really are ♪ 
♪ You're just a rock and roll queen ♪ 
♪ You know what I mean ♪ 
♪ And I'm just a rock and roll star... ♪ Kip : Come here, you. f*cking queen of the Nasty Bits. (LAUGHS) Yeah. I'm gonna quit A&R and I'm gonna become your mascot. (LAUGHS) Well, God save the queen, huh? Mm-hmm. Here's to you. Careful now. Mm. Oh! (LAUGHS) You slob. What am I gonna do with the two of you, huh? ♪ Just a rock and roll queen, you know what I mean ♪ 
♪ And I'm just a rock and roll star ♪ 
♪ You're just a rock and roll queen, you know what I mean ♪ 
♪ And I'm just a rock and roll star ♪ 
♪ You're just a rock and roll queen, you know what I mean ♪ 
♪ And I'm just a rock and roll star ♪ 
♪ You're just a rock and roll queen... ♪ Zak :  Maybe we get a bigger loan. Put the new label on the map. Yeah, two or 300 grand gets all our acts rolling. One of them charts, right, we're standing on our feet like men. Yeah, what's it gonna cost to get six or eight pieces together for my guy? Six to eight pieces? I don't know. Ask Julie. Julie makes up answers. They have no meaning. (LAUGHS) I'll look at the receipts on Jack and the Ride. They ought to be similar. Zak :  Yeah, yeah. Let me know. Skip :  You think Maury's gonna get our feet dirty? He's got some shady connections, man. It's shared overhead. And a loan. Where the cash comes from, you know, that ain't our business. All right. May the road rise up to meet you M*therf*ckers. He knows about Galasso. He say something to you? That's him saying something. I don't give a sh1t what he knows. We're not getting in for another couple hundred grand, Zak. This ain't a joke. I know. I know. I'm just... I'm talking, that's all. A hundred grand. Yeah. It's a fresh start. Don't fret. You okay? Well... saw Devon and the kids today. Oh, well, f*cking great. Good, I'm glad for you. See? Actually, it wasn't... it wasn't good. No? sh1t, sorry. Jesus, you're gonna be okay, the both of you. People go through this sh1t all the time. Say horrible things, then you get shit-faced one night and you f*ck like the young, it's over. Fresh start. (MUSIC PLAYING) ♪ Mosoma ♪ 
♪ Makossa ♪ 
♪ Akeela ♪ 
♪ Ma-mako, ma-masa mako makossa ♪ 
♪ Ma-mako, ma-masa mako makossa ♪ 
♪ Ma-mako, ma-masa mako makossa ♪ 
♪ Ma-mako, ma-masa mako makossa ♪ 
♪ Heyo... ♪ Johnny John. Jorge, my man. My man Clark. Band is Indigo. This it? ♪ Hey, soul makossa... ♪ Track four. Four. The fourth song. ♪ Hey, soul makossa ♪ 
♪ Mosoma, mosoma ♪ 
♪ Hey, soul makossa ♪ 
♪ Cooma, cooma, cooma, cooma, cooma, cooma... ♪ (SINGING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE) (MUSIC CHANGES) (CROWD GROUSING) Man :  Hey, put the funk back! ♪ You set me free ♪ 
♪ Every time your hand's on me ♪ 
♪ I wanna be your way to shine... ♪ I don't f*cking know. ♪ I can't deny the feeling that you're giving me ♪ 
♪ You lit the spark that set a fire ♪ 
♪ Oh, no, don't run away from your love ♪ 
♪ No, no, don't turn away from the heart of the groove ♪ 
♪ From the way that we move ♪ 
♪ Kill the lights, we can't lose ♪ 
♪ Oh, oh, kill the lights ♪ 
♪ And look right at me ♪ 
♪ Close your eyes, you can see me by the way that I feel ♪ 
♪ Kill the lights and touch my body ♪ 
♪ Close your eyes, you can see me by the way that I feel ♪ 
♪ Come and spin me around, let's get lost in the sound ♪ 
♪ Close your eyes, you can see me by the way that I feel ♪ 
♪ Touch my body, kill the lights tonight... ♪ So Jack and the Ride was 50 for the band, but that was only for six pieces, so you got to start thinking smaller, buddy. I don't want backup. I want orchestration. (PHONE RINGS) Like it matters. Hello? Woman :  Mr. Yankovich, this is Kinderly Hall from Hilton Las Vegas Hotel and Casino.  How are you today? I'm good. But it's night here. East Coast. I'm so sorry. I just wanted to extend our gratitude to you for your patronage and to tell you that as a premium player, we'd like to offer you a return visit with our compliments. Oh, yeah? What does that mean? I drink free all night? Absolutely. But we'd also like to fly you here in our private airliner and host you in one of our VIP suites. May I call you tomorrow to discuss it? Sure, yeah. Knock yourself out. Thank you so much, Mr. Yankovich. Okay, good night. Vegas wants to reward my patronage after robbing me blind. Little upside for putting the room on my card. Fly me out on my own plane. What? How much you drop? Oh, I played blackjack drunk, which is unwise.  (SKIP LAUGHS) 800 bucks. Whoa! Don't get on that plane. Be you and 400 other schmucks in a flying cattle car. No, she said private plane, VIP suite. I'm a premium player. A premium player's a guy who drops 50 grand a night. You didn't have time to be a premium player. Too busy getting tied to a bed and robbed by transvestites. They were real women. Even worse. ♪ Like a circle in a spiral ♪ 
♪ Like a wheel within a wheel ♪ 
♪ Never ending or beginning ♪ 
♪ On an ever spinning reel ♪ 
♪ Like a snowball down a mountain ♪ 
♪ Or a carnival balloon ♪ 
♪ Like a carousel that's turning ♪ 
♪ Running rings around the moon ♪ 
♪ Like a clock whose hands are sweeping ♪ 
♪ Past the minutes of its face ♪ 
♪ And the world is like an apple ♪ 
♪ Whirling silently in space ♪ 
♪ Like the circles that you find ♪ 
♪ In the windmills of your mind ♪ 
♪ Like a tunnel that you follow ♪ 
♪ To a tunnel of its own ♪ 
♪ Down a hollow to a cavern ♪ 
♪ Where the sun has never shone ♪ 
♪ Like a door that keeps revolving ♪ 
♪ In a half forgotten dream ♪ 
♪ Or the ripples from a pebble ♪ 
♪ Someone tosses in a stream... ♪ Whoa, whoa, slow down. What's the matter... (GROANS) I lost 90,000? Huh? I did that? I did? That was me, huh? You care about f*cking nobody! Okay. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. (GROANS)  (ELEVATOR BELL DINGS) ♪ In the windmills of your mind... ♪ 
♪ Like a tunnel which you follow ♪ 
♪ To a tunnel of its own ♪ 
♪ Down a hollow to a cavern ♪ 
♪ Where the sun has never shone ♪ 
♪ Like a door that keeps revolving ♪ 
♪ In a half forgotten dream ♪ 
♪ Or the ripples from a pebble ♪ 
♪ Someone tosses in a stream ♪ 
♪ Like a clock whose hands are sweeping ♪ 
♪ Past the minutes of its face ♪ 
♪ And the world is like an apple ♪ 
♪ Whirling silently in space ♪ 
♪ Like the circles that you find ♪ 
♪ In the windmills of your mind. ♪ Are you f*cking high? I'm so f*cking clean, it might kill me. You just woke both the kids up. You wouldn't pick up. I didn't want to talk to you. Estella will only come four hours a day. The drag queens scare the sh1t out of her. So I actually have to go to sleep at 10:00... I killed someone. Buck Rogers. It was an accident. He attacked me and I... but it was my hands. And then I tried to hide it. Me and... I covered it up. That's why I jumped off the wagon. I lost my mind. I didn't know what to do. I didn't know how to tell you it happened again. An accident. I couldn't stand the idea of you thinking I was some kind of f*cking animal. I just tried to hold on to it. I didn't want it to touch you. But it didn't work. But I tried. Can you see what I'm trying to do? (MUSIC PLAYING) (HORN HONKING) ♪ Hey, Joe ♪ 
♪ Where you going with that pistol in your hand? ♪ 
♪ This is what he said ♪ 
♪ I'm going downtown ♪ 
♪ To shoot my old lady ♪ 
♪ 'Cause I caught her with another man ♪ 
♪ Going downtown ♪ 
♪ To shoot my old lady ♪ 
♪ 'Cause I caught her with another man ♪ 
♪ Hey, Joe ♪ 
♪ I heard you shot your old lady down... ♪ (MUSIC PLAYING) ♪ Go around the world with a woman like you ♪ 
♪ Ain't a f*cking thing that we won't do ♪ 
♪ Sell my soul if you want me to ♪ 
♪ Tie off with the devil, have a shot or two... ♪ (INCREASES VOLUME) ♪ Around the world with a woman like you ♪ 
♪ Ain't a f*cking thing that we won't do ♪ 
♪ 'Cause hey, girl, I want you ♪ 
♪ Hey, girl, I want you ♪ 
♪ It's true ♪ 
♪ f*ck you ♪ 
♪ Hey, girl, I want you ♪ 
♪ Hey, girl, I want you ♪ 
♪ Dig a ditch for a bitch like you ♪ 
♪ All the pain that you put me through ♪ 
♪ When you're hiking that dress, I must confess ♪ 
♪ Wanna bend you over, make a filthy mess ♪ 
♪ Round the world with a woman like you ♪ 
♪ Not a f*cking thing that we won't do ♪ 
♪ 'Cause hey, girl, I want you ♪ 
♪ Hey, girl, I want you... ♪ Harlan, it's me. I want to take the deal. ♪ And that's true. ♪ ♪ Where did you go ♪ 
♪ When things went wrong, baby? ♪ 
♪ Who did you turn to ♪ 
♪ To find a shoulder to lay your head upon? ♪ 
♪ Oh, baby, wasn't I there? ♪ 
♪ Didn't I ♪ 
♪ Take good care of you? ♪ 
♪ Oh, no ♪ 
♪ Can't believe ♪ 
♪ You're leaving me ♪ 
♪ Stay with me, baby ♪ 
♪ Stay with me, baby ♪ 
♪ Stay with me, baby ♪ 
♪ I can't go on this way. ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 