Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x01 - Skeletons - Winter 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x01 - Skeletons https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=208&t=16401 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/05/15 03:52 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x01 - Skeletons 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 (thunder rumbles) 
 (gasps) Please stop! Don't do this! Come back here! (screams) (sobs) Please stop! (screams) (horn honks) (tyres screech) Don't do this! Please! Please, it doesn't have to be like this! Stop it! (screams) (horn honks) Knock, knock. Oh, hello, sweeties. Where's Mummy? Mummy isn't here. Oh. Come here, kids. Hello. Oh, you're putting that in. Hello. Yeah. Oh. Hello, darling. (kisses) Karly. They're in TV. TV. Karly! And so would I. Karly! (phone rings) (ringing continues) (phone rings) (ringing continues) Jude. What's up? Karly's not here. The kids are watching TV, the place looks like it's been done over. What should I do? Should I call the police? Hey, calm down. Where's Karly? That's what I'm telling you! She's not here! Judith! Karly! Hey, Judith, what's happening? Karly! Judith, what is happening?! Where is Karly?! Oh, God. Oh, no. Karly. No. Oh, no! Karly! OH, NO! Melanie : Oh, what a relief. Thank you. Yeah, thanks, Eve. Sorry? If you want, I can call you Detective Winter. Cute. What I want is for you to stay out of trouble. Hey, you listen to your aunty. God knows he doesn't listen to me. Hey, that could easily have been a possession charge. Don't make light of it. Oh, come on. He got busted with one joint. Talk about unlucky. He needs to know there are repercussions for his actions. You're the psychologist, you should know that. OK, we don't need to make a big deal out of it. It's serious, Mel. Point taken. Boundaries. Got it. (phone rings)  Eve Winter. Where? On my way. Eve. Sorry, not the best of conditions to be working in. Better hurry before she gets washed out to sea. Ooh. Be careful, boss, the rocks are a bit slippery. Alesia. This is Detective Milo Lee. Detective Taylor. I've heard good things. Oh, right. Karly Johansson. Husband Luke Thompson is a fisherman. Karly worked part-time in the local bank. Mother of two. How old are the kids? Faith's four, Lily two. And where are they? With the victim's mother, Judith. She arrived to babysit, found the kids alone, the place ransacked. Went to look for her daughter. Detective Sergeant McKenzie's with her now. Lachlan's here already? Karly! Karly! Karly! Sir, police. You can't go any further. My wife. No, please! Sir, I'm sorry. No. I'm sorry, sir. Is it Karly? Sir, I'm Detective Sergeant Eve Winter. Are you Luke Thompson? Is it Karly? I'm sorry, sir. I'm going to need to ask you some questions. (gasps and sobs) Puffer. He needs a puffer. Here. (inhales) (monitor beeps steadily) (sniffles) Daddy, where's Mummy? (all sob) That's the victim's mother, Judith. That's her sister, Lauren. Lauren's husband, Travis, is taking their 10-year-old son to school. Explains what they're doing here. How about you? Just wanted to get here early, cover the basics. Just so we're clear, I'm lead detective on this. Absolutely, boss. I'm not here to change that. The reason I asked to join the task force is because I think this might be linked to one of my cold cases. How? Dead woman on the rocks eight years ago. Eight years ago? School counsellor, yeah? Janet Pagent. Mm. Was she stabbed? Strangled. Was her house broken into? No. Any similarities other than location? Mrs Johansson, I'm Detective Sergeant Eve Winter. Who could have done this? That's what we're here to find out. Can you tell me what was in the safe? Oh, it's been empty for years. Bjorn had it fitted in the early days of the business, when everyone paid in cash. Bjorn? My husband. So, this is your house? Yeah. It got too big for us. Especially after Bjorn's illness. He's got cancer. I can't believe this is happening. It doesn't feel real. When did you last see Karly? Um... last night. I helped her get the kids to bed. I left about 10. Maybe if I'd stayed a little bit longer this wouldn't have happened. Can you think of anyone that would want to harm your sister? No. No, everyone loves Karly. (SOBS) Oh, Mum. Mum. Shh. You don't believe the robbery angle any more than I do. Prime suspect in Janet Pagent's murder was her husband, Paul Pagent. We need to talk to him. Our priority is Karly. We need to talk to Paul Pagent. You are not using Karly's murder to shoehorn your cold case. I need all the resources I have to find her killer. Janet Pagent was 25 years old when she was strangled to death and dumped on those same rocks, Eve. (sighs)  Body wasn't found for three days. Finding her killer matters to me. OK, canvass all the neighbours, talk to everyone. See if anyone saw anything, any witnesses to the alleged break-in. What about the husband? I checked with the deckhand - he alibis him for last night. We need to build a profile on Karly. Facebook, Twitter, emails. Talk to her colleagues at the bank. I want to know everything. Alright, let's go and talk to Mr Pagent. (chainsaw roars) We'd like to ask you a few questions. Let me guess. Did I murder my wife? The answer is no. Did I strangle my wife? Ditto. Did I throw my wife's body on the rocks? How many times do I have to say it? The answer is no, no and no. That was eight bloody years ago. This isn't about that, Mr Pagent. Did you know Karly Johansson? Bjorn's kid? What's happened to her? She's been murdered. Her body was found on the same rocks. Same beach. And you wanna pin this on me. Where were you last night? At home. Anyone with you? No. Didn't go out at all? Oh, that's right, I remember now. That's right, I ducked out quickly to murder Karly Johansson. I know what you did to your wife. Lachlan. You see this?! Police brutality! (laughs) Mr Pagent, if you can remember anything that can confirm your whereabouts last night - takeaway order, petrol receipt - please let me know. What the hell do you think you're doing? I should put you on report. Prick's been free for eight years. He should have been behind bars. This isn't about Janet, this is about finding Karly's killer. You can't exclude him, he doesn't have an alibi for Karly. We need to talk to Steve Wheeler, local cop at the time of Janet's murder. He totally sides with me about Pagent. We found fibres from the boot of his car in her hair, for Chrissake, but that's not enough to prosecute him according to the DPP. (phone rings)  Yep? OK. Thanks, Alesia. Body's being moved. Where's Wheeler now? He's a detective in the drug squad. Well, you talk to Wheeler about the Johanssons, and ask him about the husband, Luke Thompson. Thought he had an alibi. Doesn't mean he didn't hire someone else to do it. Steve. G'day, mate. How's it going? Hear about the Rocky Point murder? Yeah, Karly. Poor kid. Know the family? Johanssons? Yeah, good people. Been fishing the local area for years. Did the Johanssons have anything to do with Paul Pagent? Why? Is there some link to Janet's murder? That's what I'm trying to find out. I can't believe that prick's still walking around. He did it, 100%. What about the Johanssons? No connection I know of. Yeah. Do you know Luke Thompson? Karly Johansson's husband. She was still at school when I left. How's drugs? Oh, no end of trade there. We just shut down a pizza shop operation. You order the right combo, you get the pizzas and the drugs delivered inside the box. Hey, um... I can ask around if you like. I mean, I know these people. They're more likely to talk to a familiar face. There's a beer in it. You're on. (LAUGHS) Had to move her sooner than I would have liked. The ocean has a way of reclaiming everything. Do you have a cause of death yet? Not yet. She has one stab wound. Lots of superficial cuts. None deep enough to cause serious injury. Collectively, however. Most of the wounds are likely defensive. She would have been holding her arms out in front of her like this. Any sign of a sexual assault? It's too early to tell. Sorry, you can't be here. I'm Federal Agent Jake Harris. Your homicide turned up on our database. AFP? What's your interest? This is Indiana Hope, the victim of a hit-and-run last night in Kings Cross. So, what's this got to do with my case? Indiana's a key witness in a major AFP investigation and I need to know if there's any link between your girl... and mine. Indiana. Indy. You know her? Yes, she lived with us for about six months. Must be, what, eight years ago? How did she come to live with you? Do you know her parents? She was a foster-child. What agency did she come through? I don't remember. My husband handled all that stuff. We must have the paperwork somewhere. What's this all about? What does Indiana have to do with my daughter's... with Karly? It's important for us to know everything there is to know about Karly. Her background, her history, who she was friends with. It helps us understand what might have happened to her. Oh. They were very high-spirited. What Mum means is that they were always getting in trouble. They took off one weekend and got those tattoos. They're supposed to mean 'friends forever'. You didn't like your sister hanging out with Indiana? I didn't like being held responsible for whatever they got up to. I'm an older sister, I know what you mean. I keep expecting her to walk through the door any moment. I'm sorry. Look, we've only got a few more questions. When did you last see Indiana? We haven't. Not since she left. Any reason why? She stayed with you for six months, she was best friends with Karly and then nothing? Well, she turned 16. She got a job in the city. Have you had any contact since then? I tried to stay in touch, see how she was getting on, but she never answered my calls. I figured she was just busy with her new friends and job. What about Karly? Did she keep in contact? Not that she ever talked about. We're very close. I'm sure if she had she'd have mentioned it. Thank you. I want Mummy. It's Faith, isn't it? Have you been drawing? Can I see? So now are you going to tell me what your investigation's about? It's not relevant. They knew each other. Eight years ago. It's worth digging deeper, surely. Nothing I heard bears any relation to my case, so... But it might to mine. Two women, same tattoos, both victims on the same night. Yeah, and the tattoos were explained. Look, the fact that Karly was murdered on the same night as Indiana's accident, it's coincidence but it's not significant. And I don't need this sidebar muddying my investigation, so thank you. Indiana Hope. She's part of a federal investigation. Now, the feds aren't telling us anything, but she was a foster-kid who lived with the Johanssons eight years ago and was a victim of a hit-and-run in the Cross last night. Eight years ago? Yeah. Indiana and Karly both went to the same school where Janet Pagent was counsellor. What's the relation? Do you think the girls had something to do with the counsellor's murder, boss? It's too soon to say, but I don't like coincidences. So, what have we got so far? The husband was on the boat all night. Deckhand alibis him. We checked with Karly's employers at the bank - no-one saw her yesterday. But Karly was at a banking conference in the city last week. OK, well, let's follow that up. I mean, the parents say the girls didn't stay in contact, but if Karly was in the city, maybe they met. (phone rings) And get onto the Kings Cross branch and see if they've got anything on that hit-and-run. Eve Winter. Great. Thanks. That was one of the nurses at the hospital. I asked her to let me know if Indiana had any visitors. Be careful, Eve. Start messing in a feds investigation, they're not gonna like it. So, please help Indy to get well and bring her back from her coma. Even though she's not real good with being tidy and drinks my soya milk. Amen. You obviously know her. Yeah, we live together. Do you think she can hear us? Maybe. Don't worry about that soya milk, I don't like it anyway. Is Indy a working girl, too? Nah, she was, but she... How did you know that? Yeah, I got nothing to hide. It's a good job. I get paid super, workers' comp, holiday pay even. And Indy? She's doing a business course online. Wants to change her life. Good luck to her I say. Online? So she's got a computer? Yeah, the other cop took it already. The other cop? Can't remember his name. He was tall, good-looking. Bit of a dick. Thank you. 
 
 Anything? I'm just checking the hotel where Karly stayed, see if she had any guests. I've been meaning to ask you. Earlier you said that you'd heard some good things about me. Yeah. Who was that from? Can't remember. Can you remember what was said? You were very analytical. That's it? And punctual. Yeah. Thanks. (sighs)  No record of any guests. It's hardly a compliment, though, is it? What? Punctuality. Well, Eve obviously thinks so. (message alert chimes) Oh, my God! What have you got? I asked the techies to check Karly's phone records to see if anything had been deleted recently, and this image was sent to her three days ago from a work colleague at the bank, Romain Gellar. That is what I think it is, right? It's a pen1s with a smiley face. It was just a joke. We did it all the time. Karly sent you photos? Well, I'd send a photo and she'd text back with a caption to go with it. Well, look, see, she wrote back, "Peter Pecker on holiday!" Have you ever worked in a bank? We have to amuse ourselves somehow. Were you at a conference with Karly last week? Yeah, Banking In The New Age. Shorthand for "You don't have a job for much longer, sucker." You stayed at the same hotel. The same hotel, different rooms. You texted her asking if she wanted to see Mr Pecker in person? I knew she'd knock me back. But you can't blame a guy for trying. Karly was married. Yeah. Luke. Nice guy. He must be pretty cut up. Did you and Karly go anywhere other than the conference? On our last night, we went to a bar for a few drinks and then Karly saw someone she knew and that was it. I didn't see her after that. What bar? CCTV footage from a bar called The Cave. Romain's story checks out. He and Karly are seen here. Then Karly and Indiana find a table in the corner and sit talking for hours. And now one's at intensive care and the other's on a slab at the morgue. What did you talk about? Got an ex-foster-girl in hospital, the victim of a hit-and-run, a dead young mother who didn't have an enemy in the world, and a cold murder case possibly linking the three together. You'll figure it out. You always do. You say the four-year-old drew this? Yeah. A lot of confusion. It reminds me of the pictures you used to do after Dad died. Blew his brains out, you mean? You'd sit and draw for hours. Mum called them your angry pictures. I'm surprised she even noticed, the amount of 'medicine' she was on. I noticed. Anyway, can you talk to the little girl? I mean, you're the expert. Sure. If the father agrees. Do you think she saw something? Maybe. (doorbell chimes) Are you expecting someone? No. You've been trampling all over my case. What are you doing here? You went to the hospital, you spoke to her friend Sharni. What, you think because you're a fed you can just show up on my doorstep? The murder of Karly Johansson has got nothing to do with Indiana Hope. You're wrong, actually. They met three nights ago. Agent Harris, this is my sister, Melanie Winter. Hi. Everyone calls me Mel. Hey. OK, I'm off. Got a son to keep out of juvie. I'll see you out. Not expecting anyone, eh? I wasn't. I'm not. Kind of cute for a fed. Is he single? I thought you didn't date cops. Not for me. You, silly. Oh, goodnight. You know what they say about all work and no Shades Of Grey. Get out. Do you still believe in coincidences? You tell me. What's it look like to you? Looks like they ran into each other in a bar and stayed talking for two hours. I want to know what they were talking about. And unless I know to do otherwise, I'm gonna follow this investigation wherever it leads me. Indiana has information that could put away a major crime figure. She has to testify at a committal hearing in two weeks. We didn't think anyone knew about her involvement in the case. So your hit-and-run could have been deliberate. Have you found the car? Witnesses say they saw a grey Holden Nova. I've got officers trawling through the CCTV footage at the Cross. So maybe it's time for some cooperation. (phone beeps) (phone rings) Lachlan, hi. How'd you know it was me? Only you know I'd still be awake. Let me guess, in bed surrounded by case files. With the next-door neighbour's cat, yes. Where are you? Just checking out a lead. It's late. I'm an early starter. Get some sleep. I could say the same to you. I'm an insomniac, I've got no choice. I'm an obsessive b*st*rd, neither do I. (laughs) You know, it is good to be working with you again. Yeah, you, too. (starts engine) No CCTV footage of the accident but we double-checked with e-tag records and got this Holden Nova speeding through the tunnel. It's registered to Chris Higgins. We went to the address and took this photo. It was parked at the unit block under a tarp. Good work. This guy's a former mercenary with a long list of priors. Carrying a concealed weapon, common assault, cultivation of prohibited substance, unlawful use of a firearm, possession of explosive materials. The list goes on. Do you want us to bring him in? With those priors, I don't think so. In the spirit of cooperation... Police! Don't move! (hubbub) Woman : Leave me alone! Dad! Get off me, you pigs! (grunts) Leave her alone! That's my daughter! What do you bastards want?! Your car was involved in a hit-and-run accident two nights ago. Bullshit! You've got the wrong guy. No, we don't, 'cause we've got you on CCTV. You pricks. Take him away. (grunts) I didn't mean to do it. She came out of nowhere. I had to work back late and I was driving home, and she just stepped onto the road. She didn't look or anything. I thought she was drunk or on drugs. It was an accident, I swear. Why didn't you stop? I was scared. I didn't want to lose my job. OK. Alright, come on, sit 'em both down on the couch. (phone rings)  Yep? Search the rest of the flat. Come on, man, sit down. Thank you. That was the hospital. Indiana's awake. The last time I saw Karly we were 16. What? No, you met three days ago, Friday night. I don't remember. And now you're telling me she's dead? I'm sorry. Do you know anything about that? No. Why would I? We were friends. Did you keep in contact over the years? Phone calls, Facebook? I don't know. No. I can't remember. Well, what's the last thing you do remember? Heading out Friday night. Getting ready, talking to Sharni. Then that's it. Waking up here. Now. What about Sunday night? Sunday night? You were hit by a car. The driver said you were on drugs. What? I don't take drugs. How many ways do I have to say it? I don't remember anything about the last three days. Right. What about our deal? You remember that? You have to testify at the committal hearing. Are we still good? Look at me, Indiana. Are we still good? Well, it's convenient she can remember your case but not what she talked to Karly about three nights ago. Do you think she's lying? I think she's holding something back. Could be the bump on the head. The main thing is she can still testify. And Karly? Hey, they met up, they talked. Who knows what about? Getting tattoos, old times, whatever. It doesn't matter, it's got nothing to do with my case. I'm glad you can make that conclusion. Look, I've told you what I know. No, you haven't. You've told me what you want me to know, not everything. Not names. 'Cause you don't need to know them. I mean, how's that going to help the case? Well, how do I know that if I don't know the facts? You're just gonna have to take my word for it. Thank you for your cooperation. (whimpers) Are you OK? Bought you this. I thought you could do with some shampoo, conditioner, moisturiser. Anyone you want me to call - relative? Your flatmate Sharni? There's no-one. You've been taking care of yourself for a long time, haven't you? We've got that in common. I used to think I could never ask anyone for help, it was a sign of weakness. It's not true, though. We all need help from time to time, Indiana. Is there anything you want to tell me? OK. Well, if you do remember anything about Karly or even if you just want to talk about what's happened to you, give me a call, OK? I'm on your side, Indy. (dance music blares) I can summarise it for you. In short, the fall killed her. But the knife attack caused her to fall. Backed up against the cliff edge, she had nowhere else to go. What do you know about head injuries and memory loss? I work with dead bodies, Eve - they don't have memories. Yes, but is it feasible that you can wake from a coma and not remember the last three days? I love that you think I can give bar-room assessments of patients I've never met. Neurologist said that she's got post-traumatic amnesia but can't give a time line for recovery. That's because with head injuries there isn't a 'normal'. Yes, but will she regain her memory? There you go again. If you think of your skull as this glass, a light knock. But hit by a car, it depends on how hard she landed, whether she was intoxicated at the time. Mm. The Cave. It's not our usual watering hole, Eve. What made you wanna come here? Something different. Keeps it interesting. Same again? No, I'll get these. Two more of the same, thanks. Are those your only cameras? And the ones in the shop outside. Just out on the street. Oh. Thanks. I got this outside a bar called The Cave. Your wife met Indiana Hope there. They chatted for ages and then Karly went outside for 15 minutes. She's crying. I seriously don't know anything about this. Karly never mentioned anything about going to this bar. Nothing. So, can you tell me about this drawing, Faith? What do you like about it? Everything. Me, too. So... so, is this Mummy? Yes. Mm-hm. And who's this one? The monster. You said you had something? I asked around about Karly and Indiana with a few of the old locals and it seems there could be a link to Paul Pagent. How? This is all rumour, OK? Nothing so far I can substantiate, but... What? What is it? I'm sorry we couldn't be more helpful. Well, didn't get a name, doesn't mean it didn't help. Oh, thank you, Faith. Do you think she saw someone? The monster's real? Yeah, I think she saw someone. Thanks. There's a link between Paul Pagent and all three women. We knew he used to be the groundskeeper at the school until his wife's murder. There were rumours about him and certain schoolgirls that were investigated at the time, came to nothing. But what we didn't know was that Karly and Indiana were amongst them. What if Janet Pagent hears about it and confronts her husband? They argue, she threatens to expose him, he kills her to cover up and then, eight years later, he kills Karly. It's him. He's our guy. Eve : We don't have enough to arrest him. We've got enough to bring him in for questioning. Yeah, which I'll be doing. This is my guy. I've been on this for eight years. Yeah, and that's exactly why - you're too close. (phone rings) You sound like my ex-wife. She says it took over my life. Eve Winter. Eight years and the prick tops himself. So, what does this do to our case? Nothing. We're still looking for Karly's killer. You don't think Pagent did it? Well, if he did, we need to prove it. We need to pull phone records, logbooks, double-check his whereabouts from when Karly met Indiana until the night of her murder. If Karly threatened to expose him, we need evidence of that... meeting. Indiana's toxicology report. Barbiturates mixed with unknown poison. The hit-and-run might have been an accident but someone did try to kill her. (grunts) I need your help. (siren wails) (screams, grunts) Stop! (alarm rings) (phone rings) Yeah? What? OK, thanks. That was Alesia. She checked the foster records and births, deaths and marriages. There is no Indiana Hope. She doesn't exist. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 