Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 03x05 - Help Me - Power 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 03x05 - Help Me https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=318&t=28273 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/15/16 04:16 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 03x05 - Help Me 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Ghost : Previously on Power... 
 Agent Greg Knox has caught us a very big fish. 
 Knox : I found Vibora Ruiz. 
 He's agreed to testify against Lobos. 
 Tasha : Why would you bring a gun to school? Shawn got shot so I thought, it could happen to me too. Dad, you're not here to protect nobody no more. Angela : I'm sorry about the gun. Maybe we pushed the kid thing too fast. Maybe I should hang out with the kids alone for a while. Tasha : You got no clue what you're getting yourself into. Holly : I haven't decided if I'm keeping it yet. I really love Tommy, and I want to be a family. I just... Tommy doesn't know? [Machine gun fire] Who did this to you? It was Lobos. Holly : Don't worry, baby. Everything's gonna be all right. Who's the target? James St. Patrick. Joe : ♪ They say this is a big, rich town ♪ 
♪ I just come from the poorest part ♪ 
♪ Bright lights, city life ♪ 
♪ I gotta make it, this is where it goes down ♪ 
♪ I just happen to come up hard ♪ 
♪ Legal or illegal, baby, I gotta make it ♪ 50 Cent : ♪ I never took a straight path nowhere ♪ 
♪ Life's full of twists and turns, bumps and bruises ♪ 
♪ I live, I learn ♪ 
♪ I'm from that city full of yellow cabs and skyscrapers ♪ 
♪ It's hard to get a start in these parts without paper ♪ 
♪ Homey, I grew up in hell, a block away from heaven ♪ 
♪ That corner every 15 minutes, they moving seven ♪ 
♪ Pure snow, bag it, then watch it go ♪ 
♪ Occupational options, get some blow or some hos ♪ 
♪ Shoot the ball or the strap, learn to rap or to jack ♪ 
♪ f*ck it, man, in the meantime ♪ 
♪ Go head and pump a pack ♪ 
♪ This my regal, royal flow, my James Bond bounce ♪ 
♪ That 007, that's 62 on my count ♪ 
♪ I'm an undercover liar, I lie under the covers ♪ 
♪ Look a bitch in the eyes and tell her, baby, I love ya ♪ 
♪ You're my inspiration, you're my motivation ♪ 
♪ You're the reason that I'm moving with no hesitation ♪ Joe : ♪ They say this is a big, rich town ♪ 
♪ Yeah, I just come from the poorest part ♪ 
♪ Bright lights, city life ♪ 
♪ I gotta make it, this is where it goes down ♪ ♪ Legal or illegal, baby, I gotta make it ♪ 
♪ ♪ Tommy. You okay? This sh1t last night, I can't make sense of it. Tommy, you know who it was. It was Lobos. Yeah, I thought that, but it don't track that he'd want to cut off his money. Who else would it be, then? Lobos told you he wanted Ghost dead. He doesn't sound like the type of guy to wait forever. What do you think Lobos is gonna do when he learns you're still alive? He's gonna send somebody to finish the job. And that includes me, just like it did Bell. Tommy, we can do this. Me. You. Together. We can kill Ghost. [Phone buzzes] Don't. Don't answer that. We are not leaving this apartment until we find a way to kill him once and for all. We have to save ourselves. [Siren wailing in the distance] Woman : ♪ The way that you stare ♪ 
♪ It's so addictive ♪ 
♪ The way that you breathe ♪ 
♪ I can't resist it ♪ 
♪ So when you talk ♪ 
♪ I can't help but listen ♪ 
♪ I feel every sound ♪ 
♪ You could say I'm obsessive ♪ 
♪ I'm in danger ♪ 
♪ But I savor the thrill ♪ 
♪ Of you ♪ 
♪ I know that it's wrong ♪ 
♪ But I, I want to indulge in you ♪ 
♪ I've taken too much ♪ 
♪ 'Cause I, I need every touch ♪ 
♪ From you ♪ 
♪ I take it so strong ♪ 
♪ I, I waited so long for you ♪ Angie, what's wrong? We love each other. Everything's gonna work out. That's what matters. That's not all that matters. [Sighs] There's just so many obstacles between us. Obstacles? What obstacles are you talking about? Tariq hates me, and Paz hates you. And then there's your wife. You're still married to Tasha. [Phone buzzing] I got to get going. We can talk about this later tonight. Like... like a magic show. No, no, no, eh? You control Ruiz, but if he becomes a problem, I'm gonna have to tell Hugo to kill somebody else. [Indistinct conversation] You know what? Why don't you, uh, go ahead? I'll be in there in two minutes, okay? Sorry. James, can I call you back? I need you to look into something for me. Tasha and I were already living apart, so I think a separation agreement's the next logical step. Oh, so Miss Valdes is putting the screws to you, huh? But you sure you want to formally separate? Spousal privileges can be tricky. What does Tasha know? I said a separation, not a divorce, Proctor, not yet, but she wouldn't hurt the kids or our bank account by sending me to jail. She told me that herself. So look, if I send you the specifics, You got a guy, right? Yeah, I'll see what my guy can do, and I'll call you later, okay? Ghost : You do that. Later. A.U.S.A. Angela Valdes. This is unexpected. You don't have to do this. I think I do. It's a pretty rough neighborhood. You know that. Listen, we both know why you went off and found Ruiz. You want him to try and prove this theory of yours about Jamie being Ghost. Why isn't putting Lobos in prison enough for you? Why is it enough for you? It never would have been before. What happened to you? You used to be one of the good guys. So did you. You keep trying to force Jamie into this prosecution, but it's not gonna work, and it could cost us Lobos. You love the guy? No matter what he does, no matter what you learn he really is, you just can't let go. I get it. Aren't you tired of lying for him, though? I'm tired of fighting you. You hate me. You can't forgive me, fine. But don't screw up this case because of me. Don't screw up this case because of him, Angela. See you at work? [Clears throat] Hey. Yeah, I'm almost done. I know; we have to leave. Change of plans. You're gonna get to spend the day with your father. What? Yeah. Do I have to? Tariq, sweetheart, this is a good thing. You two can spend some quality time together. What, Angela too busy? Watch it, boy, okay? What is going on? Come on. I don't know. It's just like nothing's the same with him anymore. Everything's just different. He's different. Tariq, this is... This is where we are now. I know things don't look like the way you want them to, but your dad is trying, okay? He wouldn't want to spend the day with you if he wasn't, right? The least you can do is try too. All right, if you're saying that I have to, then I will. It's not that I wanted to, though, 'cause I don't. Ruiz and his lawyers seen the proffer agreement? Received it this morning, expecting to have it signed this afternoon after we've got Ruiz on record. All we need from him is to corroborate his meeting with Lobos. This would be the same meeting that DEA Agent Juan Julio Medina witnessed while undercover? Correct. Looks good, Valdes. I don't know, sir. Is... is this the best we can do? How do you mean, Agent Knox? I Just... You know, while we've got the snake, why not squeeze him for every last drop of venom he's got, right? That way, instead of hoping to just go to trial, we can bury Lobos under the f*cking jail. Hmm. Saxe : Are you suggesting we ask Ruiz to give up Lobos' whole New York organization? Yes, yes. Places, product, and names. Collins : It might not be the worst idea, but would he go for it? I'm not sure he will, sir. Angela : We'll have everything we need with the corroboration from Ruiz about his meeting with Lobos. Everything else is inconsequential. True, but Ruiz doesn't know that. Angela : If we change strategy midstream, it'll upset Ruiz and his attorney. It's not what they agreed to. We could end up with nothing. We could indict Ruiz on his own crimes if he forces our hand. Let's use Greg's approach. All right, Saxe, adjust the agreement. If Ruiz fingers Lobos, great, but if we can roll up the whole bunch, why not? I've got a meeting. I'll expect a report. Knox : Of course, sir. This can't be that complicated. Why don't you just walk up to him and put a bullet in his head? Because this isn't the f*cking movies. If I do it in broad day like that, somebody's gonna see me for sure, and then I'm locked up in a cage upstate in two seconds flat. [Pounding on door] Ma, what the f*ck are you doing here? I didn't have a f*cking choice. The mortgage is past due. Just... What the hell happened to you? Nothing. Look, there must have been some sort of mix-up. I'll call Tasha and have her bring some checks over. Hey, whoever did this to you, you and James are gonna take care of this, right? No, Ma, f*ck Ghost. Told you I don't want nothing to do with him. Who the hell is this? Ma, this Holly. You must be Tommy's mother. Hi. I'm Holly, his girlfriend. Is that my mother's ring? Yeah, I bought it out of hock, where you put it, and then I gave it to her. Look, Ma, Holly and I got a lot to do today. As soon as Tasha brings the checks over, I'll bring them by, okay? Don't worry about it. I'm not worried about it, 'cause I'm not leaving until I get them. Besides, I want to get to know Haley... Holly. Holly, right. See? We need to get to know each other better. [Hip-hop music playing] For you, son. For the game tonight? Well, I planned on giving you those before you took Angela's gun, so what was once a gift is something that you're now gonna have to earn. Putting you to work today. [Sighs] Yo, James. Andre, good morning. Hey, man, we need to rap real quick... Meet my son, Tariq. Tariq, Andre. What's up, dog? Just need to talk to your father real quick. We can do that later. Look, a delivery just got here. I figured you could use some extra hands for the day. Tariq could use a crash course in the club, so he's your assistant for the day. Dad? You mind showing him the ropes? Okay. Cool. You, pay attention. [Andre mumbling] Look folks, we got to clear this hallway. Thank you. Charlie, what the hell's going on? There's some high-valued federal witness being moved through. All nonessential personnel leaving the area. Charlie, hold the elevator. Sir. What the f*ck? [Phone buzzes] Miss Valdes, I'm glad I caught up with you. Uh, now that we're gonna have Ruiz's testimony against Lobos, I think you should start pre-trial motions. Jury selection on a guy like this is gonna be a bitch. We should think about wealthy widows with no kids. No reason to take a bribe, right? Walk with me, okay? There's a whole bunch of things... I want it on the record that conducting this here rather than the safety of my client's original location wasn't lost on us. Oh, well, uh, let me be the first to apologize for the terrible inconvenience, Mr. Ruiz. We should have known we couldn't pull a fast one on you. I've seen this little intimidation game you're playing before done better by better. So can we just get to why I'm here? Bullshit. I came here to talk about what happened with Lobos, nothing more. You people have a lot of nerve. Hold on. Your client's not under arrest. He could walk out and back to his old life, but, Vibora, you know what's awaiting you. Enemies trying to kill you, feds looking to bust you. Or you say yes and we protect you and your business as long as you work with us as a criminal informant. Hmm. Let me get this straight. So you risk my client's life by marching him through this building where anyone can see him dealing with the feds, and then you tell him he should snitch on his whole organization, everyone he knows, in order to stay safe? I don't know if this is incompetence or extortion, but either way, it's not what we were promised. Can you leave me alone with my client? I don't know if or when we'll be willing to talk again. Leave us alone. I thought you got Vibora Ruiz to leave town and stay that way. I did. Well, I just saw him at the f*cking federal building. Ruiz got arrested? Oh, it didn't look like an arrest, and he was with your girlfriend, Angela. She didn't tell me. Yeah... I'm over there, and they start clearing everybody out for a... a high-value federal witness, and in walks Ruiz. So he's gonna snitch, but the question is, on who? [Sighs] God. You sure he's gonna be loyal? Now, I'm gonna take that face you're making as a no. Look, with Ruiz in play, everything he knows is potentially on the table. Yeah. That could be bad for Lobos but worse for you. Angela didn't warn you at all? No. Huh. I know you've been adamant about not using her, but, James, it's obvious that she doesn't have your back. [Sighs] Oh... I got the separation papers you asked for. You sure you still want them? So why you ain't in school, man? Got suspended. You got suspended? What happened... you was yelling too loud at a lacrosse game or something? It's that bad, huh? Just thought, I mean, your pops had money so... Yeah, don't even trip on it, little homey. Everybody been there. You got in trouble at school too? Hell, yeah. I don't know nobody in the hood didn't get in trouble. So how did you get here? To be real with you, um, I had my daughter. You know, the best thing that ever happened to me, man. Didn't want her to grow up the same way I grew up or, uh, you had... your dad had to. Wait, so you grew up where my pop grew up? Yeah. Did you know his driver, Shawn? Yeah, you know, um... I met him a few times. He was a good kid. Yeah, that was my friend, but he died. My dad, he... he didn't even care. Oh, nah, nah. Trust me; your pops cared. I was with him when he found out about Shawn. He took that real hard, man. Yeah? Yes, very. [Water running] [Door opens] Tommy, I could use a little pick-me-up. So how'd you two meet? Uh, I was a waitress at Truth. Oh, so you f*cked the boss. That's always the way to go when you don't want to work anymore. Ah! What, are you gonna stand like a statue, or are you gonna join in? Actually, I'm okay. Oh, little Miss Bottle Service is too good for it, huh? Yeah, Hol, it's the good stuff. Come on. [Pounding at door] What's up, Tash? Hey, what's up? All right, so I brought the stuff you were look... Well... I'm glad to see the family's all together. Tasha! It's so good to see you. Oh! Good to see you. Goodness, Kate, I thought you quit. Oh, a little in the morning never hurt, right, Tommy? Tommy : Right. So how's everything? How's Jamie? Honestly, I can't say I see very much of him anymore, Ms. Egan. Ghost moved out. Yeah. Ma, I told you. Oh, oh, right. He's messing around with that girl he knew from high school, Angela Valdes? Mm-mmm. That's still going on? I thought he'd be over that by now. Mm. Ah, yeah, I'm in a rush. So you said you needed these? Oh, yeah, yeah. Why don't you sign it? Tommy : Johnny Hancock. There we go. That should do it. Okay. Tasha : Thank you. All right, I'll walk you out. No, no, no, I'm too hungry to go anymore. Got any food, Tommy? Hungry? No, I don't have any food. Kate : Why the hell don't you have any food? She does blow with her son? Yeah, well, this is Kate on good behavior, actually. Jesus. Mm-hmm, I told you about her. Wait until Tommy tells her about the baby. Shh. f*ck, you haven't told him yet? I'm... I'm sorry she brought up the whole Ghost thing. Is he with Angela today? No, he's at the club planning some damn party, as usual. Look, I'm gonna slip out before she gets back. Bye, Tommy! Bye, Kate! Kate : Bye, Tasha. 
 
 What the f*ck happened to the deal you offered me in California? Still got a chance to get the deal. It's fine. They're just... they're gonna need a little more from you than Lobos; that's all. And like I said, you want Lobos, I will give him to you, but anything beyond that is on you people. As soon as Nunez returns, I'm taking my information, and I'm leaving. I'd strongly advise against that. You would, huh? Why is that? 'Cause I know you ordered the murder of Nomar Arcielo, and I know you had Tommy Egan do it. You don't know what you're talking about. I didn't kill anyone, and I don't even know who that is. Yes, you do. And with Nomar, sick f*ck, being a federal informant, means you got the death penalty staring you in the face, Ruiz. You don't have to say anything. You know what? You said enough on the voice recordings Nomar got for us by wearing a wire. My... well, my personal favorite was the one where Tommy Egan came and checked on you following your stabbing. That's very sweet. What do you want? What I need is the chain of command. You're gonna give me the chain of command of who was between you and Lobos. You give me the identity of Ghost, you're gonna get the deal, and you and I'll never have to see each other again. [Hip-hop music blaring] [Music stops] Much obliged. I wanted to apologize. Apparently, we lost eyes on you inside the club and were unable to tail you. It was a long night, Dean. Loud music. I just wanted to get out of there without an entourage. That's it. Is, uh, that gonna be a trend? I ask because the manpower needed to properly secure your three clubs comes on top of their time securing you. Well, actually, being that I'm paying, it's my time, isn't it? That's true. Which at this point, I think I may no longer need, seeing as though you said no one has been following me. Well, we still need to be sure... Then it's settled. You and your men just stay on the clubs only moving forward and cease following me in my personal life. Okay, if that's what you want. Is that your son? Ghost : Yeah, his name is Tariq. He's a good-looking boy. Son you learning anything at the club? Yeah, I guess. [Music blaring] [Music stops] I joined the Twitter. [Chuckles] "The Twitter." Yeah. I got a lot of images there. Check them out. Tell me if I'm doing all right. Yeah, that's some good pictures, but it's not "The Twitter." It's just Twitter. You should join Instagram and Snapchat too. You're pretty much on top of this stuff, huh? Basically. You're a smart kid, Tariq, smarter than I ever was, which is why I work so hard to provide opportunities for you that I never had. It's also why I'm a little confused by your actions lately, son. What's going on, man? Come on, 'Riq. Talk to me. It's just me and you here. No principal, not your mother. Just you and your father. Why would you really go in Angela's purse and take a gun? Somebody bothering you at school I should know about? No. Is it what's going on between me and your moms? Because we told you, no matter what happens, it will never change the way we feel about you and your sisters. I was just angry. You move out, you make us meet Angela, and you move in with her, and you don't even talk to us about it. Like, what kind of father does that? A real man apologizes when he's done something wrong. I guess the way I handled all of that was wrong. I'm sorry. Sorry, son. All right. Mike. Mike, you okay? Yeah, yeah, I'm fine. I just really want to nail this fucker. Nunez called. He's on his way back. Ruiz wants to talk. Son of a bitch finally came to his senses. Once we have Ruiz's agreement in place, we got Lobos by the balls. I want Ruiz transferred and locked down in D.C. until he testifies. I'll get right on it, sir. Wow, we finally get Lobos and now everybody else who worked for him in our jurisdiction, huh? I'll be right back. What the f*ck did you do? Angela : Jamie. You asked me before, if things ever got serious, would I tell you if you need a lawyer? Well, I think you need to get one. I see. Were you gonna tell me about Ruiz? How do you know about that? Is he in town to testify against Tommy, Lobos, me, what? I'm trying to figure it out here. How do you know about Ruiz? Not from you, and that's what matters. This is the obstacle that you were talking about? I mean, you know why he's a problem today, right? Ruiz is a problem today because of you and what you did with his daughter Isabel. See, I got rid of him. I got him to leave, vanish even, to help you so you could help me. I have helped you, more than I should have. You have to trust me. I have trusted you... before now. Now I don't know. Angela, I really don't want to, but if I have to, I'll fix it myself. But don't... don't make me. Just... just help me. Just help me. I used to be a good prosecutor. And I'm trying to be a good man, for you. [Phone buzzes] That's my office. I got to go. Nana, Dada's home. [Girl babbles] I'm coming, baby. Girl : Da, da. I'm coming. I'm coming. She's lucky she didn't even get your nose. Girl : Do, do, do, do. Kanan : Do, do, do. Told your girl I'll look after little mama. Yes, I did. That's what I told your mama. You failed me, Dre. You picked Ghost over me. No, no, I didn't. Look, look, just put... just put my daughter down, please. Shh. I don't want to hear it. You got one job, one. Now you standing there like you're gonna have to sh1t yourself. [Girl crying] Oh, what's the matter? Baby, it's okay, baby. It's okay. Look, look, look, y-you know, you don't understand. Look, Ghost... Ghost... Ghost... trust me. Fly, fly. Fly, baby? Fly, baby? Look, look, look, look, look! Wait, wait, wait, wait! I promise you. I promise you. I promise you. Please. I'm right where you want me to be. I mean, I just spent the whole day with his kid, man. I just... trust me, bro. I promise you I'm right where you want me to be. [Girl crying] It's gonna be okay, baby. Come on. Come on. Go on to Daddy. It's gonna be okay, baby. It's all over. Shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh. I'll need you soon enough, so stay ready. Hey, this place... this place is really nice, man. You're doing real good. You didn't have sh1t when I met you, boy. [Girl crying] It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. I already told your friend that I was gonna talk, Miss... A.U.S.A. Angela Valdes. Angela Valdes. Hmm. If getting your deal is important to you, the easier you make our job, the better it is for you. The best way for you to do that is in the proffer session. Stick only to your meeting with Lobos. Only to my meeting with Lobos? What the hell is going on here? First you people tell me you want me to say everything, and then... Your friend told me that I have to snitch on Ghost because of Nomar, or else I get the death penalty. I have no choice. I don't know who said what, but I wouldn't be concerned about that right now. Wouldn't be concerned. You have me on tape. Conversations. If we were going to take you to trial for the murder of Nomar, your motive would be that he was f*cking your 14-year-old daughter. What he did with her was terrible, and no jury in the land would convict you of that. My boss wants Lobos. Just give us him, nothing else. Ghost saved your life. Vladimir, Drifty. Holly : You told me she was gonna leave as soon as she got checks. We are running out of time. You got to do something, Tommy. Step up. All right. Jesus, get the f*ck off. Kate : Would have done more, but this is all you had. Somebody ought to do some shopping. Come on, Ma. Kate : Wow, is this mood you're in because of what's going on between you and James? You always act like this when you two fight. But Jamie has always shown up for you. He ever tell you about the time these two boys jumped him? We lived in a black neighborhood. Called him all kinds of names for being white. James found those boys. Gave them what they had coming to them. They never bothered Tommy again. No one did, as a matter of fact. [Pounding at door] Hello, J. Yo. Kate : Hey, Tommy, who's your friend? Tall shot of tequila, isn't he? Hola. Talk to me. All right, so I made the rounds. We're good to go. We might have a problem. Why? Our dumb-ass Asian friend, Dylan, he just got wet up. What? Yeah. Him and his whole crew got taken out. f*ck. He was a f*cking piece of sh1t, but we can't let M*therf*ckers f*ck with our people, so get strapped up. Right. Where did it happen? Outside some church in Hell's Kitchen. This happen last night? Yeah. Hmm. Any word on who took them out? No, man, as far as I know, I haven't heard or seen sh1t. All right, don't make no moves. Huh? Yet. You bet. It's time for you to go, Ma. I'll drive you to the train. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Nice to meet you. Yeah, nice to meet you, Kate. Yeah. [Whispers] Get rid of her. Hey, Holly's my girl. I love her. Oh, you sound like such an idiot. Yo, why don't you f*cking play nice, all right? Could I ask you something? Yeah. That sh1t you were saying about Ghost, you really believe that? Of course I do. He's as much my son as you are. I think you believe it too. All right, baby, I'll see you later. Did you meet with Felipe Lobos at the Torres Fight Club? What was the nature of that meeting? Lobos was unhappy with his drug distributor. I offered my services. Saxe : Uh, what was his response? Did he deny being a drug dealer? Ruiz : No. He did decline my services, though. I believe he said we were too low-rent for him. You said Lobos was unhappy with his distributor. Do you know his name? Ruiz : Yes. Ghost. That's the street name. Do you know his real name? No. You're saying that you don't know the identity of Ghost. My client answered the question, Mr. Saxe. What you... you don't? Wh-What about the plan you two took part in to murder a criminal informant of ours, Mr. Nomar Arcielo, huh? See, we have your client on tape in commission with Ghost. We know you know his real name, Mr. Ruiz. If you refuse to tell us, we're gonna have to give you the death penalty for Nomar Arcielo's murder. You can't prove my client knew Mr. Arcielo was a criminal informant. Even if my client were guilty of that murder, his motive is clear. Nomar Arcielo was having s*x with his 14-year-old daughter. It's the easiest affirmative defense argument in history. My client's willing to give up Lobos, that's it. Okay... We'll take Lobos. We're done here. Sign it. It's a federal agreement stating that in exchange for a reduced sentence, you'll go on record with information of Diego Jimenez, leader of the Jimenez Cartels. If you do it, it means we're required to transfer you from this facility to Teterboro, where you'll be flown to D.C. for witness prep. It's up to you whether you make it to Teterboro while still in federal custody. Ah. Hoo-hoo-hoo. Once I have all the info, you can contact your associates on the outside to make arrangements. See you soon coquito. [Door opens and closes] Holly. It all makes f*cking sense now. It wasn't Lobos who was trying to kill me. It was Dylan and the f*cking Koreans. Holly : Wait, Julio told you this? Yeah, and I bet you it was Ghost who shot those M*therf*ckers. It had to be. Where the f*ck is my phone? Maybe it wasn't Lobos, but that doesn't change the fact that he wants Ghost dead, and he's gonna kill us if we don't do it. That's why I got to talk to Ghost. I got to sit down with him, sort this sh1t out once and for all. I'll be back. Tommy, don't. Please. I don't want you to get hurt. Holly, what you mean? Why would I get hurt? Ghost : Who got courtside tickets to the game, man? Tariq : You know we do. Yeah, man, it should be fun. I still like Nas better. What? You like Nas batter? Oh, come on, man. I-I got something for you to listen to. Then play it. [Rap music playing] You feel that? No. Wait right here. I'll be right back. ♪ By music ♪ 
♪ Yeah, uh, and they look at me like the nerve of... ♪ I did what you should have done a long time ago. We don't have to worry about Lobos anymore, because we don't have to worry about Ghost. What did you do? I had to protect us, Tommy. You weren't gonna do it. Holly, what the f*ck did you do? The Jamaicans. No! You didn't do it, so I f*cking hired them myself. You stay here. You stay right f*cking here. I got to warn Ghost. It's too late, Tommy. It's too late. Don't you say that. Don't you f*cking say that. No, no, no, no, no, no. Don't you see why I did it? No, no, no, no, no. Why I had to do it. Holly, get out of here. Get the f*ck out of here right now! I saved both our lives, and you are gonna kick me out? After everything he said to you, you still care about him? He sent you to jail! He took away your business. Everything he did to me, to us. We were supposed to protect each other, Tommy. It was supposed to be about you and me. So you had him f*cking killed? Huh? Behind my f*cking back? Whatever it is between you and Ghost, Tommy, it's not normal. It's not f*cking normal the way you are. You f*cking bitch. You f*cking dumb c**t. Now you got to love me best, baby, because I'm all you've f*cking got left! Shut up. Shut up! Ooh! [Coughing] Man : ♪ Who do you think you are? ♪ 
♪ I thought you went to school ♪ [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ [gunfire] You need to get out of here. James. James, go. We got this. Man : ♪ All I'm trying to do is make a profit ♪ 
♪ ♪ I need to take you home. What? We're not going to the game 'cause you got rear-ended? We can't just take a cab? I need to take you home, damn it. Don't argue with me, boy. Put your f*cking seat belt on! You can't do anything without Ghost. [Holly scoffs] You can't live without him, and now that he's dead, you don't f*cking exist, and you know it! [Yells] Shut the f*ck up. Shut your mouth! Shut your f*cking rotten mouth! [Dramatic music] ♪ ♪ Holly? Come on, Hol. Holly. Come on, Hol. Stop joking around. Come on, baby. Holly. Holly? f*ck. Holly, come here. Come on. Stop doing this to me. What are you doing? This ain't funny. Come on, Holly. You okay? You okay? You okay? [Soft piano music] ♪ ♪ [no audible dialogue] [Phone buzzing] Thomas. An unexpected development has presented itself, one that I must seize. Pretty soon, I will be able to spread my wings again. But before that happens, I need your help opening the cage. So listen carefully. I have a job for you. Absolutely. I'll make sure all the parties are notified. Thanks. Valdes, I need you to get this paperwork started. Transfer papers for Ruiz? No, Felipe Lobos. Lobos's attorney got word of Ruiz's deal, and that was enough. Lobos finally cracked and agreed to give up the Jimenez cartel. It was too much for D.C. to pass up. They want him transferred right away. I need those filed tonight. Angela, this is a good thing. We're still putting Lobos away, plus another big fish. It's good. You don't have to worry about Ruiz... or Lobos, for that matter. You're safe. Lobos agreed to turn witness against the Jimenez cartel. He'll be transferred out of state any day now. The Lobos case is over. You asked me to help you. Hmm? Has no one ever helped you before? Not like this. Not like you. I know you feel like you've compromised a lot for me, so... [sighs] If you still want me... Jamie. [laughs] Do you think Tasha will sign them? Well, and if she does... I don't know... It could be dangerous. It's... it's a risk. A risk I'm willing to take. I love you. I mean it. [Tense music] ♪ ♪ Tommy. Tommy, you in here? Tommy. Help me. It's done. So the Koreans, that was you? Yeah. Mm-hmm. And someone tried to take me out tonight. They tried to fire on me while I was with Tariq. Tariq was with you? So that was you? No. That was Holly. Lobos hired me to kill you. Said he'd do her, her and me if I didn't, but I still didn't do it. So She... Lobos isn't gonna stop till you're in the ground. Me too. So you know what we got to do. We got to kill Lobos... Together. Together. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 