Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x02 - Whoever He Is - Power 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x02 - Whoever He Is https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=318&t=18706 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 06/14/14 23:34 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x02 - Whoever He Is 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Power"... 
 Boss is here. 
 This is the best goddamn nightclub opening the whole year. 
 To Truth! 
 All : Truth! 
 When we met, who'd you think I was gonna be? 
 The biggest goddamn drug dealer in New York City. 
 [Grunts] 
 The men you're protecting sent you out to steal from the wrong M*therf*ckers tonight. 
 If I knew who ordered it, yeah, they'd be dead already. 
 50 stacks. 
 75 if you bring him to us alive. 
 It's good to see that you know enough not to let it affect our pay schedule. 
 Angela Valdes came into the club last night. 
 From high school? 
 Jamie, I'm sorry I left the way I did. 
 Who can give us the names, places, and dates we need to convict Lobos? 
 His New York distributor. 
 Unfortunately, we have no idea who that is. 
 Our soldiers are strapped now. We should be too. 
 [Screams] 
 [Gunshot] 
 ♪ they say this is a big, rich town ♪ 
♪ I just come from the poorest part ♪ 
♪ bright lights, city life ♪ 
♪ I gotta make it, this is where it goes down ♪ 
♪ I just happen to come up hard ♪ 
♪ legal or illegal, baby, I gotta make it ♪ 
♪ I never took a straight path nowhere ♪ 
♪ life's full of twists and turns, bumps and bruises ♪ 
♪ I live, I learn ♪ 
♪ I'm from that city full of yellow cabs and skyscrapers ♪ 
♪ it's hard to get a start in these parts without paper ♪ 
♪ homey, I grew up in hell, a block away from heaven ♪ 
♪ that corner every 15 minutes, they moving seven ♪ 
♪ pure snow, bag it, then watch it go ♪ 
♪ occupational options, get some blow or some hos ♪ 
♪ shoot the ball or the strap, learn to rap or to Jack ♪ 
♪ f*ck it, man, in the meantime, go head and pump a pack ♪ 
♪ this my regal, royal flow, my James Bond bounce ♪ 
♪ that 007, that's 62 on my count ♪ 
♪I'm an undercover liar, I lie under the covers ♪ 
♪ look a bitch in the eyes and tell her, baby, I love ya ♪ 
♪ you're my inspiration, you're my motivation ♪ 
♪ you're the reason that I'm moving with no hesitation ♪ 
♪ they say this is a big, rich town ♪ 
♪ yeah, I just come from the poorest part ♪ 
♪ bright lights, city life ♪ 
♪ I gotta make it, this is where it goes down ♪ 
♪ oh, yeah, yeah ♪ 
♪ I just happen to come up hard ♪ 
♪ legal or illegal, baby, I gotta make it ♪ 
♪ look, I been dealing with this drama ♪ 
♪ for a long time ♪ 
♪ you trying to figure me out, get in the long line ♪ 
♪ it's been the same thing over and over ♪ 
♪ I thought it would've changed when I got a little older ♪ 
♪ I switch my lanes over but they keep swerving back ♪ 
♪ the thought of having to go back in my past ♪ 
♪ what you hope that they'd understand but never can ♪ 
♪ wish I could jump high in the air and never land ♪ 
 My girlfriend... she just got mugged. 
 Guy got away. 
 Please, please send an ambulance. 
 ♪ saying I don't belong for so long ♪ 
 [phone vibrates] 
 ♪ so long and I'm gone ♪ 
 Tommy, what's up? 
 Julio got a 911. A courier's been hit. 
 I'm on my way. 
 Boss, where you going? 
 The woman from Vogue is coming to talk details  for the party, remember? 
 She lost her venue at the last minute. 
 If we land it, it can change... 
 I know. 
 I'll be back. 
 ♪ so long, so long, so long ♪ 
 De Sangre? 
 This guy came all the way from Miami to f*ck with us? 
 Hired hitter. It's smart. 
 Somebody flies him up, he does the job, then goes home... no trace. 
 Well, the good news: The girl called Julio. 
 He's probably still at the hospital. 
 Probably? 
 Haven't heard from him yet. 
 When Darien was cleaning up, he said the girl was cut up pretty bad. 
 So she could be dead by now. 
 I gotta get back to the club. 
 There's a lot of sh1t I need to be doing right now. 
 We opened that place to clean our money. 
 The sh1t you need to be doing right now is helping me figure out our next f*cking move. 
 Okay, how'd they find her? 
 Followed her, maybe? 
 From where, how? It's just like Cruz. 
 They knew exactly when and where to hit. 
 [Exhales] 
 The phones. They got our phones. 
 I don't see how. They're all burners, none of 'em traceable. 
 Flexispy, some sh1t. 
 They gotta be tracking us some kind of way. 
 Everybody rotates phones tonight. 
 Yeah, as soon as I get the all-clear from Julio. 
 Listen, once we figure out who hired this asshole, we need to mount up, clean up the yard once and for all. 
 With who? Hmm? 
 Our operation's built for finesse. 
 We got M*therf*ckers that blend in, part of the scenery. 
 We ain't got no real street soldiers. 
 So we find some or buy some. 
 Ask Lobos for help. 
 No. 
 'Cause if he sends it, then he owns us forever, and if not, he takes advantage of our weakness, and he sells us out. 
 Either way, we're f*cked. 
 You're right about one thing. We can't let this go unanswered. 
 That's goddamn right. 
 Look, man, I gotta get back, seriously. 
 Yo, D, you got the ax? 
 Hey, Shawn, get in here and help him. 
 He don't need to do that. 
 His father would want us to teach him the ropes, G. 
 If he ain't gonna get his hands dirty, he doesn't need to be here. 
 I can do it. 
 Unless you need me to drive you back into the city. 
 I'll drive myself. 
 Call me when you hear from Julio about the girl. 
 Have a good day at work, honey. 
 [Chuckles] 
 f*ck you. 
 [Laughs] 
 Here, give me that. 
 Hey. Watch this, Shawn. 
 Well, does James even bother to call and tell you he's not coming home to have dinner with the kids? 
 He doesn't have to call. 
 I know where he is. He's working. 
 He's trying to book a big party at the club  tomorrow night for Vogue magazine. 
 That's what he told you? 
 Yes! And if it... 
 If it were the other business, he'd tell me that too. 
 We're partners, mama. 
 It's a marriage. 
 But you wouldn't know too much about that. 
 Well, if he tells you everything, you tell me why he'd open a nightclub in the first place. 
 For appearances, like the laundromats. 
 Ain't no magazine party at no laundromats, Tasha. 
 High-fashion models. Young girls. 
 Hard for a man to say no to that. 
 Ghost ain't checking for no flat-ass, skinny white girl. 
 Not when he got all this ass at home. 
 I used to have one just like that, Sugar. 
 Now, you let me tell you one thing I do know about men. 
 There is always another ass. 
 Mama, Ghost and I are fine. 
 And as long as I'm paying your rent, you need to mind your mouth. 
 James pays my rent. 
 Don't get it twisted. 
 If he leaves you, he leaves all of us. 
 That ring on your finger ain't no insurance. 
 You can't collect alimony on income the government don't know about. 
 Thanks for coming to cook. 
 But you don't need to. I'm okay. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Eat, mamita. 
 When was the last time you want to see papi? 
 [Sighs] I haven't been up there in a while. 
 It's not that good a place. 
 We should still go to see the one upstate again. 
 It's pretty up there. 
 Plus I like the idea of him being able to see the water. 
 I do too, but I told you, the one upstate is too expensive. 
 Junior's tuition check is by the door. 
 Thank you. 
 You know I'll pay you back every cent. 
 I'm happy to do it. 
 But papi has to stay where he is for right now, okay? 
 When Junior graduates, we'll have no kids left in the family. 
 There's plenty back in P.R. 
 You can bring Nadia's five boys back with you next time you go. 
 Cute. You know what I mean. 
 What's happening with... Greg? 
 I'm not sure. 
 Don't look at me like that. 
 I just don't think he's the right guy. 
 They're never the right guy. 
 What's wrong with this one? He can't f*ck? 
 The s*x is good. 
 There's nothing wrong, but... there's no goose bumps, no butterflies. 
 There's no tingling anywhere, you know? 
 You still think of love like you're a little girl. 
 Butterflies and goose bumps are fairy tales. 
 Stick with us. You'll get your own someday. 
 But some nights, I have a body in the trunk. 
 [Chuckles] 
 Back in the day, Ghost and I drove a '91 Honda Accord. 
 You shared a car? 
 We got more pussy in that backseat. 
 Back then, Kanan kept us in line. 
 Taught us the business, made us men. 
 Ghost and I owe your father big. 
 That's why you're here. 
 I know. 
 Ghost just wants you to stay in the car and in the club, see the pretty sh1t. 
 But if we go to war, it'll be all hands on deck. 
 I need to know you'll be ready. 
 I won't let you down. 
 Good. 
 [The Union's Dollar Billz] 
 [Crowd chattering] 
 ♪ dollar, dollar bills ♪ 
♪ dollar, dollar bills ♪ 
 Ms. Sheridan. 
 James St. Patrick. Nice to finally meet you. 
 You're James St. Patrick. 
 You know, I tried to run a background check on you, and no one in the nightlife world seems to know who you are. 
 I was expecting a fat Irish guy. 
 Well, I hope I can meet your other expectations. 
 I do too. 
 You know we lost our venue for this party at the last minute, but I'm not gonna make the wrong call just because we're pressed for time. 
 I'll decide whether I like what I see or if I should keep going down my list of clubs. 
 I'll admit it's a beautiful space you've got here, but what turns my head is perfect service. 
 Seamless evening. 
 And that is what my client expects. 
 But I see you've been working hard. 
 We have, Ms. Sheridan. 
 We haven't left a single moment to chance. 
 That's good, because this party isn't only about our December issue, which is the biggest in fashion magazine history. 
 It's also about our... 
 Your boss's position. 
 Editors all over your building report to her. 
 This party's about, let's say, making them... feel it. 
 You don't look like you read Keith Kelly. 
 I make it my business to know what you know, Ms. Sheridan. 
 If I'm doing my job, I should know what you want before you ask me for it. 
 [Energetic dance music] 
 [Crowd cheering] 
 Hey, send a bottle or two of Ultimat to V.I.P. 
 With some cranberry juice. 
 We've got a promotion tonight, sir. 
 We're not serving Ultimat. Just grey goose. 
 Honey, you're serving whatever I want. 
 I own this place. 
 I've never seen you before. 
 You see me now? 
 Yeah. 
 I'll sneak you some Ultimat, but I can't take it up there. 
 I don't work V.I.P. 
 Do you want to? 
 And where does my client sit? 
 Right here, where you can see all the action, but very few can see you. 
 She'll love it. 
 Oh, should the photographers check in at the front or come early and enter through service? 
 Cameras aren't Truth policy. 
 We like our guests to be able to relax without thinking their images will be online the next morning. 
 Okay, technically, my guys are paparazzi, but they're the obedient kind. That's not a problem, right? 
 I mean, I'd hate to tell everyone we had a conflict. 
 No, no, your photographers can come to service early. 
 They'll have full access. 
 Excellent. 
 Good night, James St. Patrick. 
 Good night. 
 If we're gonna have photographers here, you should get into some of those shots. 
 Ain't my thing. 
 You should be out there as the face of the club. 
 People are gonna want to know who owns this place. 
 Stern takes us on, we can go national. 
 International, even. 
 The more people know who you are, the more interested he's gonna be. 
 [Line rings] 
 You've reached FBI Special Agent Greg Knox, southern district of New York. 
 Leave a message. 
 [Beep] 
 Hey. 
 That's weird. You always pick up. 
 If you wanna come over, I'm here. 
 Call me. 
 [Elevator dings] 
 [Door shuts] 
 What the fu... 
 [Chuckles] 
 [Phone vibrates] 
 Uh, sorry I'm late. 
 Coffee smelled like dick, so I had to make a new pot. 
 Oh, hey, sorry, Ms. Lavarro. 
 I'm not offended, Mr. Saxe. 
 The smell of dick turns me off too. 
 Speaking of late, you see agent Knox out there? 
 He should be here. 
 No. 
 I've charted the existing distribution networks in the five boroughs. 
 I'd like to construct a clear... 
 Angela, I was thinking we should talk more about Ruiz. 
 Lobos moved on from Ruiz, so we should too. 
 He's a dead end. 
 [Door opens] 
 Thank you. Morning. 
 Morning. 
 Good morning, sir. 
 Thought I'd see how your Felipe Lobos task force is coming along. 
 We got a wire from the federales. 
 Lobos landed in Juarez last night. 
 He's staying close to the border, so now we're racing both California and Texas southern districts to get an indictment. 
 We're all aware of the urgency, sir. 
 In fact, Angela was just diving in. 
 We're creating a profile to help identify Lobos's New York distro. 
 More specifically, we were discussing a meeting Lobos had with Vibora Ruiz from Soldado Nation. 
 And as discussed, Lobos told Ruiz the Soldados were too low-rent for him, they made no agreement, so it's not a fertile area. 
 But how did Lobos arrange that sit-down with Ruiz? 
 I issued a warrant for a Ruiz lieutenant, Nomar Arcielo... 
 You issued the warrant? With what probable cause? 
 A burner cell traced to Nomar by NYPD spiked high usage details around the time of the Lobos meeting. 
 If he set it up, he could have valuable information. 
 I've worked closely with this judge. 
 He'll slap us down if we overreach. 
 That's why all applications go across my desk. 
 Understood. I was trying to be proactive. 
 You know, since, like you said, sir, other offices are on Lobos too. 
 Ruiz is our local advantage. 
 In future, work with the team. 
 Cops and robbers is more fun when we all can play. 
 In case we could get something new, call an agent to serve your warrant. 
 Now, moving on... 
 Actually, special agent Greg Knox is trying to locate Nomar as we speak. I called him last night. 
 Great. 
 Now, as I was saying, we know Lobos wants a reliable pathway for his product. 
 The most likely point of entry is Port Elizabeth, New Jersey, so the distributor we're looking for should have an extensive network... 
 [Clears throat] Thanks, babe. 
 I'm sorry I left early the other night. 
 I didn't want to bother you. You were with somebody. 
 Looked like you really wanted to talk to her. 
 I ran into a friend from high school that night, I think. 
 I can't remember. 
 Hey. 
 Ain't no reason to trip, T. 
 Hmm? 
 Sorry. Mama and I were talking yesterday, and I just... 
 Never mind. 
 [Door closes, shower turns on] 
 Mrs. St. Patrick, hey. 
 I hope it's okay I took some coffee. 
 Help yourself. 
 Where'd you grow up, Shawn? 
 Hollis, originally. 
 No way. I went to Cardozo. 
 Pssh, yo, Hollis must have changed, 
 'cause I ain't never seen no girls like you round the way. 
 There's plenty of girls just like me out there looking for somebody responsible like you to treat 'em right. 
 [Scoffs] 
 You have a girlfriend now? 
 [Laughs] Wait. 
 I probably shouldn't ask you that. 
 No, no, no, it's cool that you asked. 
 I ain't seeing nobody. 
 You're single? 
 I don't believe it. 
 You wanted me to see you. 
 The other night in the car. 
 [Door closes] 
 I don't know what you're talking about. 
 [Snaps fingers] Talk to Tommy last night? 
 Brand-new. 
 Y'all had to rotate the phones? What happened? 
 Nothing. Just taking precautions. 
 You giving that spandex a workout of its own, girl, huh? 
 [Giggles] 
 I'll see you tonight. 
 All right. 
 Okay. 
 Oh, wait... Ghost, your new number! 
 How the f*ck am I supposed to get ahold of you now? 
 Collins walks in, and Saxe busts out with this "we're not done with Ruiz" bullshit. 
 Turns out you're already looking for this Nomar guy, and I'm caught with my pants down. 
 You should have called me. 
 Saxe gave me explicit instructions not to do so. 
 Okay, f*ck him. But f*ck you too. 
 There's a chain of command. You knew he was f*cking with me. 
 What should I have done? 
 I call you to check in before every move, and it's pretty clear what's going on between us. 
 Am I right? 
 You said we had to keep our relationship a secret. 
 If the rules have changed, let me know. 
 The rules haven't changed. 
 People find out, you'll get "attaboys" and high fives, while I'll lose all credibility for f*cking an agent. 
 I don't want to go public. 
 I just don't want you to sandbag me. 
 I didn't sandbag you. I followed protocol. 
 Those rules matter too. 
 Good luck finding your man, Agent Knox. 
 Angela, we're not done here. 
 Goodbye, Greg. 
 [Click] 
 [Beep] 
 [Chuckles] 
 This is ridiculous. 
 [Beeping tones] 
 We're sorry, the number you have reached is not in service. 
 Please check the number or try your call... 
 [Funky music playing] 
 [Indistinct chatter] 
 Excuse me. Is James here? 
 Yeah. 
 Got eyes on the boss? 
 Angie. 
 Jamie! 
 Sorry I had to track you down at work. 
 You changed your cell? 
 I had to ditch my phone. 
 Nightclub business, you know. 
 Too many people get your number, it gets messy. 
 I'm glad you actually called. 
 This place looks so different during the day. 
 You're saying it looks busted now? 
 A little. [Laughter] 
 No, I'm just surprised at how, at night, it's transformed. 
 That's the idea. 
 People come here and become whoever they wanna be for the night. 
 It's a fantasy. 
 And then they buy a lot of drinks. 
 Yes. 
 You still haven't told me how you made this happen. 
 We cleaned up an abandoned lot, charged for parking. 
 That money bought a laundromat, then another and another. 
 I always had my father's place in the back of my mind, and then we found this space, and... 
 Tommy thought I was crazy. 
 Wait, Tommy? Tommy Egan? 
 You still hang out with him? 
 He's my partner in the club. 
 What, you surprised we still tight? 
 Yeah, to be honest. 
 I always thought Tommy liked the streets too much. 
 Hmm. 
 You must have been a good influence on him. 
 Let me show you something. 
 Watch your step. 
 [Laughs] Are you serious? 
 I didn't know people still made these! 
 [Snaps fingers] 
 Close your eyes. 
 Close your eyes, Angie. 
 They're closed. 
 [Chuckles] 
 [Static] 
 [Mary J. Blige's Real Love] 
 ♪ ooh ♪ 
 [laughs] 
 [Vocalizing] 
 This still your favorite song? 
 Are you kidding me? 
 Makes me wanna break out the baseball Jersey and the kneepads from the video. 
 ♪ we are lovers true and through ♪ 
 So what happens next? 
 I know you got a plan. 
 If Truth takes off, then we open a second club right here in New York City. 
 Then maybe one in Miami or Vegas. 
 It's gonna take a while, but I... 
 You'll get there. 
 You got here. 
 ♪ be the real love that I need ♪ 
 Mm. 
 You wanna come through tonight? 
 We got a big party for Vogue magazine. 
 Wow, that's huge. 
 I wish I could. I gotta work. 
 I hope your clients pay extra for that kind of dedication. 
 Damn. 
 It's not that kind of law. 
 I work for the government. It's... 
 Boring. 
 Anyway, you're gonna be too busy tonight to hang out with me. 
 I'll make the time. 
 
 
 
 ♪ how you felt for me ♪ 
♪ you said I'm not the one ♪ 
 Come on, Angie. 
 Okay, I'll come through. 
 Yeah? 
 [Music volume increases] 
 ♪ lead me towards a real love ♪ 
♪ real love mm, mm. ♪ 
 Go, go, go, go, go. 
 [Gunfire on TV] 
 Oh, come on, Uncle Tommy! You're supposed to have my back. 
 Is this some sped-up mode or something? 
 I don't remember it being this fast. 
 No, you're just old. 
 Just wait... what? 
 You're old! 
 What? 
 I got next. 
 Oh, what's up, dad? 
 What's up, son? 
 Go finish your homework. 
 All right. 
 I know you didn't finish it. 
 Get outta here. 
 And what'd I tell you about playing those games, huh? 
 [Gunfire on TV continues] 
 [Door closes] 
 The girl who got cut, you want clipped. 
 I don't see another way. 
 I don't know, man. 
 Like you said, she followed protocol. 
 She called Julio. 
 She didn't call 911, even to save her own life. 
 [Scoffs] She calls 911 with the drugs on her, she's going to jail. 
 She kept a cool head. 
 You and I are good, Tommy, because she didn't f*ck it up. 
 What does it say to other soldiers if she does her job well and we ice her anyway? 
 Nice kill! 
 The truth. 
 They're replaceable, just like you wanted it. 
 She's replaceable. 
 This is a female we're talking about, Ghost. 
 [Scoffs] Who's gonna want her now? 
 One day she's gonna wake up, look at her ruined f*cking face and her ruined f*cking life, and she's gonna blame us for it. 
 And even though she doesn't know us, she knows Julio. 
 She knows how our whole thing works. 
 She's gonna be like, "f*ck these M*therf*ckers. 
 I'm going to the cops." 
 Over some random-ass courier chick? 
 That's a risk you wanna take? 
 [Clang, whoosh on TV] 
 I'll talk to Julio. 
 Yo, T, you ready to go? 
 Our reservation's in 20 minutes. 
 Almost. 
 Peace. 
 Nah, man, we're good. No problems. 
 Good. Let's keep it that way. 
 Remind our people of the bitch's description in case she comes back. 
 What did the courier say? f*cking weird shoes? 
 Yeah, she had bright pink sneakers on. 
 I told them already. 
 All right, good. 
 [Door squeaks] 
 [Door closes] 
 [Techno music] 
 [Door opens and closes] 
 [Indistinct chatter] 
 Better be on my toes. 
 One of these M*therf*ckers staring might try to take you home. 
 [Chuckles] 
 Wish I had that effect on you. 
 What's that supposed to mean? 
 I'm just saying, if I'm all that, you'd be home more. 
 I'm not home because I'm working, trying to provide for you and the kids. 
 Paying for that weave and that dress and those shoes. 
 I don't need you stressing me, all right? 
 I ain't trying to stress you. 
 But I ain't even got your new digits, and I'm your wife. 
 Now you got me and the driver. 
 You're right, baby. 
 My bad. I forgot. 
 You've been forgetting me a lot lately. 
 [Knock at door] 
 [Knocking continues] 
 Come on, I know you're not turning down kung pao chicken. 
 I even got the extra peanuts, just how you like it. 
 I'm hungry. 
 That doesn't mean I'm not still mad. 
 You know I didn't have a choice. 
 You just don't like to lose. 
 When you gonna tell me what's going on, Ghost? 
 I ain't no kid. 
 New phones and sh1t? 
 Guessing y'all had a car accident? 
 We got run off the road. 
 Your car still running? 
 Still running, but the repairs might be too expensive to make. 
 And the other guy's car? 
 Totaled. 
 We had to tow it. 
 So now, it's about the next move. 
 You take it to the chop shop? 
 Still got the parts? 
 What you thinking? 
 Back in the day, remember what those Dominican boys did to that red truck? 
 Half went to one garage, half to another. 
 Stopped all that bullshit. 
 Hmm. 
 More wine, ma'am? 
 Yes, please. 
 Thank you. 
 Look. 
 Saxe told me that if nothing came from going after Arcielo, no one would even know about it. 
 I didn't think he was stupid enough to go off about it without knowing if I'd catch the guy. 
 Please tell me Saxe wasted taxpayer dollars sending you on a wild-goose chase, and the guy's left town. 
 You got him. 
 I'm a f*cking FBI agent, Angela. 
 Damn right I got him. 
 [Sighs] 
 [Chuckles] 
 He still had his goddamn phone. 
 Conclusive proof he set the meeting or knows who did. 
 Saxe wins. 
 Good news for the team, bad news for me. 
 Maybe not. 
 Wait till you hear who else he called. 
 Isabel Ruiz. 
 Vibora Ruiz's daughter? 
 Isn't she 14? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Nomar called her? 
 Multiple times a week for weeks. 
 No f*cking way. 
 The soldier that got hurt's a woman. 
 Face all cut up. Tommy thinks she'll talk. 
 But she was loyal when her life was at stake. 
 You want a woman's loyalty? Give her security. 
 You give her that, she'll never betray you. 
 [Both moaning] 
 Baby, come on. 
 He knows better than to watch. 
 And Saxe doesn't know about this? 
 I didn't tell him. I'm telling you. 
 So are we good? 
 We're good. 
 [Both laughing] 
 [Panting] 
 Mama took the kids to the movies. 
 We got an hour, maybe. 
 When we talk business... [moans] 
 It's like when we first met. 
 [Both moaning] 
 Like Bonnie and Clyde. 
 What? 
 Nothing. 
 Come on. 
 ♪ wanna see this ass ♪ 
♪ then let me see that cash ♪ 
♪ wanna see this ass ♪ 
♪ then let me see that cash ♪ 
♪ boy, you can have it if you really want ♪ 
♪ but I'ma take my cash up front ♪ 
♪ be whoever you want me to be tonight ♪ 
♪ just throw that money to the sky ♪ 
♪ yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ 
♪ 100, 200, 300 ♪ 
♪ who want it ♪ 
♪ 400, 500 ♪ 
♪ 1,000, I counted ♪ 
♪ put your money in the slot machine ♪ 
 Harder. 
 ♪ if you wanna see me ♪ 
 You sure? 
 Harder. 
 [Moaning] 
 ♪ I'll bend it over so you can see ♪ 
♪ only if you're tippin', tippin', tippin' ♪ 
♪ I ain't selling this here for free ♪ 
♪ you wanna see this ass ♪ 
♪ then let me see that cash ♪ 
♪ wanna see this ass ♪ 
♪ then let me see that cash ♪ 
♪ wanna see this ass ♪ 
♪ then let me see that cash ♪ 
♪ wanna see this ass ♪ 
♪ then let me see that cash ♪ 
 [exhales] 
 You sure you gotta go down to the club right now? 
 Yeah. 
 I gotta go. 
 Bonnie. 
 [Kove's Way We Are] 
 I'm expecting perfection from you tonight. 
 The people who are coming to the club for this party... models, magazine editors, actors, rich M*therf*ckers who ain't do nothing to earn that sh1t. 
 [Laughter] 
 But they have the right friends. 
 They have a good time here, they come back. 
 They bring more people. 
 Truth is, the more people hear about the spot, we all get rich. 
 I don't make you pool tips. 
 I don't believe in that sh1t. 
 Then the lazy M*therf*ckers win. 
 But tonight we work as a team. 
 Keep each other on point, make it hot, give 'em what they want. Fellas... if a cat's gay and he wants your number, give it to him. 
 Ladies... sh1t, you already know what to do. 
 You've been doing it your whole lives. 
 Tonight our guests are drinking on someone else's dime. 
 Make 'em want to come back and spend their own money. 
 Time to open the doors, boss. 
 Showtime. 
 ♪ oh♪ 
♪ something in the way we are ♪ 
♪ if only we can make a star ♪ 
 No one else comes out. 
 [Excited chatter] 
 [Shutters snapping] 
 You keeping track of the arrivals? 
 I want to know about an Angela Valdes. 
 No one with that name has checked in yet. 
 Cynthia's up in V.I.P., though. 
 She's looking for you. 
 Tell 'Bueso he's still gotta do the damn deliveries. 
 He's got his f*cking piece, right? 
 [Line rings] 
 You've reached 347... 
 Are you kidding me, m*therf*cker? 
 [Dance music] 
 Hey, I have to admit I'm impressed. 
 You run a smooth operation here, James. 
 Mm. 
 Even my boss said she liked the food... not that she ate any. 
 You know, I don't just plan parties for Vogue. 
 I handle GQ, Allure, Bon Appétit, Vanity Fair. It's events all year long. Plus servicing my non conde nast clients. It's a lot of responsibility. You know, I was thinking that you and I should work together long-term. You know, I bring you the press, the big names. You give me a big, fat discount. How does that sound? Deal. Oh, you know what? I will make sure  this runs in the Post. Get your face out there. Make this place a brand name. What's up, man? Hey, Tommy. Oh, sorry, we're just about to take a picture, so if you can wait a minute, you can talk to James in a sec. Oh, no, I think James wants to talk to me right now. Cynthia, I'll be right back. Work never stops. Enjoy the party. What the f*ck you thinking, man? You wanna be in the paper tomorrow? You want everyone to know who you are, Ghost? All right, man. No pictures. I gotta get back. We'll talk about it later. No, we'll talk about this right now. We're not like these people, Ghost. You and me in the paper ain't a good thing. You and me in the paper means we got got. These people don't know about our other thing, man. One picture... Is too many! You standing next to these people in pictures? The next question is, who the f*ck is this guy? People digging in your life story, what do you think they're gonna find? We lay low. We sell what we need to sell. We ice who we need to ice. All business, all the time. This is about business! You ain't been about business since we opened this place. Check your phone, m*therf*cker. What happened? Same bitch tried to jump 'Bueso tonight. He got away. Must have kept his phone. No. He kept his route. These fuckers know our system. They know our routine. What you wanna do? No time for thinking, man. What the f*ck you wanna do? Tasha said something tonight about the Dominicans. What they did with D-Lo, remember that? That was some sick sh1t. Why don't we take that to the next level? Show everybody we ain't afraid to do dirt? We do it right, it'll shut this sh1t down for good. And if it doesn't? Then we go to war. [Sirens wailing in the distance] [Door opens] Is that Nomar Arcielo? Yes, sir, Agent Knox brought him in for questioning last night. [Chuckles] I can't believe you kept the phone, Nomar. That was incredibly stupid. You can't prove it's mine. Eight people live in that place. Plus, you know us latinos. We got a lot of cousins. Could belong to any of us. We know it's yours. Vibora Ruiz had you arrange his meeting with Felipe Lobos. Yes, Nomar, that's why you're here. We don't want you. We don't even want your boss. We want Lobos. This is a list of all the numbers dialed and received by that phone. Your phone. Just tell me which numbers belong to Lobos or his men. You want me to rat on Felipe Lobos? I rather live a couple more days. Days. How about years? I can have you doing hard time in Leavenworth by the end of the week, getting f*cked every day. An hour of sunlight, if you're lucky. [Laughs] I been inside already. I was 19 and weak, too small to fight them off. You get used to getting f*cked. Makes you appreciate a woman. I'm a Soldado now. I'm more powerful inside than I am out here. This is gonna take a little longer than he thought. Why don't I give it a try? [Door opens and closes] Can I have the room, please? I don't think that's a good idea, Agent. This is my suspect. I'll call you if I need you. [Door shuts] I ran the numbers of the outgoing calls you made. Mostly other burner cells. Other Soldados, probably. And the numbers that might be Lobos-related. But one of the numbers you called is actually registered. You know which one? No. Your little secret you're hiding from Ruiz. You've been calling Isabel, his 14-year-old daughter. How could she know that? The numbers were in my initial report, the evidence you used to get the warrant. You didn't cross-check them with the Ruiz file? I guess she did. Like I told el blanco,  the phone could've been used by anybody. Maybe my cousin met her at school. Could be, but who do you think Ruiz is going to believe, you or me? Especially after I show him this. That's bullshit. That's a f*cking fake! Chacho... And when he lets the Soldado Nation know you like to mess with little girls... [Inhales sharply] then we'll see what you get used to. Or you can tell me everything you know about Lobos, and your nasty pedophile bullshit will stay our little secret. Just sign the agreement here and here. [Asap Rocky's Wild For The Night] ♪ uh ♪ 
♪ wake up feelin' blessed ♪ 
♪ pistol on that dresser ♪ Not bad. ♪ I'll expose it if I dress up ♪ 
♪ riding in that Testa rossa ♪ 
♪ nigga catch up ♪ 
♪ sippin' on that syrup till I'm messed up ♪ 
♪ like yes, sir ♪ 
♪ fixin' to wild out for the weekend ♪ 
♪ me, myself, and I, my three friends ♪ 
♪ nigga feeling froggy, then leap in ♪ 
♪ asap niggas fixin' to sneak in ♪ 
♪ middle finger to the critics ♪ 
♪ me and my nigga Skrillex ♪ 
♪ you know we fixin' to kill it ♪ 
♪asap ♪ 
♪we the trillest ♪ 
♪ you don't really want that glock, boy ♪ 
♪ you don't really wanna feel them shots, boy ♪ 
♪ you a b-boy, I'm a block boy ♪ 
♪ I'm a d-boy, I'm a hot boy ♪ 
♪ six shots got me feeling like Pac, boy ♪ 
♪ party all night, sh1t don't stop, boy ♪ 
♪ drunk as f*ck and I'm ready to fight ♪ 
♪ wildin' for the night, f*ck being polite, boy ♪ 
♪ wild for the night, f*ck being polite ♪ 
♪ we going ♪ 
♪ wild for the night, f*ck being polite ♪ 
♪ we going ♪ What the f*ck? ♪ wild for the night, f*ck being polite ♪ 
♪ we going ♪ 
♪ wild for the night, f*ck being polite ♪ 
♪ we going ♪ 
♪ it's the weekend, and I'm creepin' ♪ [moaning] ♪with my niggas ♪ 
♪ drunk and disrespectful, calling women bitches ♪ 
♪ I don't mean no harm ♪ [knock at door] [Clatter] ♪ meet us in the cut, and we can do the business ♪ 
♪ God my witness that I only wanna kick it ♪ 
♪ and your girl just said they with it ♪ 
♪ so we rolling in them Benzes ♪ 
♪ won't you pour it up ♪ 
♪ and stop the babysittin' ♪ 
♪ she got drunk as f*ck and swallowed all my kids ♪ 
♪ yeah, back to the Mac, tats on her back ♪ 
♪ ass so fat, hit that from the back ♪ Whoever's f*cking with us knows who they hired. They'll get the message loud and clear. Two days of street chatter and people will know we're not the ones to f*ck with. And about the girl? Calling J now. [Line rings] Julio. Yeah. Get some flowers, man. You're going to the hospital. [Monitors beeping, indistinct chatter] Where is room 1804? That way, sir. Can I see your I.D.? [Knock at door] Nice work in there. Did Nomar really leave that picture of the girl on his phone? I grabbed it from a child p0rn case. It's not even Isabel. [Laughs] Good girl. [Phone rings] Hello? You ain't seen fit to call to say you weren't coming through last night? Jamie? Stand a brother up and pretend not to know his voice... okay. [Chuckles] I'm sorry about last night. A work meeting came up. I just wanted to make sure you're all right. How about I make it up to you? He left about half an hour ago. I wanted him to take me to lunch. Did he say when he'd be back? No. But he never does. You want me to give him a call? No, I'll do it. I don't need an audience. [Door closes] [Line rings] [Phone rings] Mrs. St. Patrick. Hey, are you okay? I can't reach Ghost, and I'm starting to get worried. I've got eyes on Mr. St. Patrick, and he's just fine. Okay. [Exhales] Guess I feel better, then. Shawn, could you do me a favor? Don't tell Ghost I called. He wouldn't like me checking up on him. Can it be our little secret? Yes, ma'am. Our little secret. Thanks for making it up to me, big spender. [Both laughing] You want the change? Promise not to spend it all in one place. Wow. Haven't been here in years. This was my favorite field trip back in the day. They always put us on the bus in alphabetical order, man. I had to work up a whole scheme just to sit next to you. Jose Uribe always wanted all my lunch money. So you didn't eat? Seriously? It was worth it. [Laughs] Come on. Let's go inside, see the whale. Okay. Used to make me feel so small standing under here. [Giggles] Thought I'd feel different when I got older. I guess some things don't change. Well, I don't think we'll get busted kissing in the stairwell this time. [Both laugh] I was so embarrassed we got caught. I wasn't. I got you something when you went to get the map. One for each of us. [Gasps] [Both laugh] You dared me I wouldn't boost anything from the gift shop. Yeah, I ate those words, didn't I? I bought 'em this time. Mm. This is great. Thank you. Look, Angie, I can't stop thinking there must... must be a reason you came in the club the other night. A reason we're seeing each other again after all this time. Me being around you... me being with you... it just feels right. I know. Me too. [Phone vibrates] Oh, f*ck. My phone didn't ring. I gotta go, like, right now. Jamie, I'm sorry. Bye. Ghost call you? Yeah. How'd you do it without setting off the machines? Hospitals are tricky. Do what? Boss told me to tell her she was promoted. She's gonna start working with Marcus in the bank. Yo, he didn't tell me to ice the chick. Did I get it wrong? Nope. You ready with those deposit slips? I don't like doing things this way. But you get to keep your job for one more day. It's a joke, man. Lighten up. Where's James? He's in the back. Should I get him? Nope. [Indistinct chatter, phones ringing] I am so sorry. I just stepped out for some air. You scored major points with Collins today. You're on his radar in a big way. He wants you to come to his poker night next weekend. Holder might be there. He'll be in town. Holy sh1t. Thank you, Frankie. For the shot, for the support. Totally justified. You owned that little sh1t Saxe today. But if you really want to compete with these guys, you can't have an outside life. They have wives. They have families. But we can't. We gotta be available 24/7. You can't have kids, because the one time you pick your baby over your case, some asshole like Saxe gets your shot. So what he's a dick? You weren't there. Today Collins came back after lunch to invite you to poker personally. You were M.I.A. I'm sorry. It won't happen again. Oh, I know it won't. I know your file, Angela. I know where you came from, and I know how hard you worked to get here. The stakes are even higher now. Whoever he is, he's not worth blowing your shot. There's no man, Frankie. Sure, Angela. [Childish Gambino's Earth: The Oldest Computer] [Indistinct chatter] ♪ all that I have ♪ 
♪ all I don't have's the future ♪ 
♪ take on my soul ♪ 
♪ all night ♪ 
♪ yeah ♪ 
♪ I don't want to see an era ♪ 
♪no, no♪  ♪an era, an era ♪ Hey, Mrs. St. Patrick. What are you doing here? I need a ride home. And when we're alone, you can call me Tasha. ♪ maybe it's the last night ♪ 
♪ fireworks ♪ 
♪ maybe it's the last night ♪ 
♪ oh, all the stars ♪ 
♪ maybe it's the last night ♪ 
♪ super moon ♪ 
♪ maybe it's the last night ♪ 
♪ all that I have ♪ 
♪ all I don't have's the future ♪ 
♪ take on my soul ♪ 
♪ all night ♪ 
♪ yeah, break free from all of the insides ♪ 
♪ they godless, denied us ♪ 
♪ but we don't give a damn 'bout the next day ♪ 
♪ we were never here, never know if the world change ♪ 
♪ common sense, the consequences ♪ 
♪ retweet the truth, then regret the mentions ♪ 
♪ we are the wireless survivors of things gone ♪ 
♪ slaves to the unnamed, never live long ♪ 
♪ live and die by the line, never know fear ♪ 
♪ even I won't survive, is it unfair ♪ 
♪ is it unfair 'cause I don't care ♪ 
♪ when I step on that ant on the grass ♪ [elevator dings] [Crying] [Continues crying] It's okay. It's okay. Daddy's here. It's okay, Yasmine. Daddy's here. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 