Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x05 - I Gotta Go - Power 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x05 - I Gotta Go https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=318&t=18709 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 07/13/14 00:37 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x05 - I Gotta Go 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 You recognize the name Simon Stern? 
 He's one of the biggest nightlife investors in New York. 
 You got some fine-ass-looking girls serving drinks in there, by the way. 
 There was this one red hair, tall... what's her name? 
 Her name is don't touch the merchandise, m*therf*cker. 
 Not everybody understands us, Jamie. 
 I'm not going anywhere, Tasha. 
 I'm stuck here, right where you want me. 
 We have us a meeting. I sit across the table. 
 I look all those M*therf*ckers in the eye, and I'll find out who's hitting me once and for all. 
 Until then, no one gets product. 
 The Lobos' New York distributor is meeting with his network. 
 So not only is he not getting us product, but he doesn't respect us enough to be here. 
 FBI! Let me see your hands! 
 Why you switch up the spot for the meeting at the last second? 
 You can never be too careful. 
 Where the f*ck is Anibal? 
 [Coughs, gasps] 
 I never stopped thinking about you all these years. 
 ♪ They say this is a big, rich town ♪ 
♪ I just come from the poorest part ♪ 
♪ bright lights, city life ♪ 
♪ I gotta make it, this is where it goes down ♪ 
♪ I just happen to come up hard ♪ 
♪ legal or illegal, baby, I gotta make it ♪ 
♪ I never took a straight path nowhere ♪ 
♪ life's full of twists and turns, bumps and bruises ♪ 
♪ I live, I learn ♪ 
♪ I'm from that city full of yellow cabs and skyscrapers ♪ 
♪ it's hard to get a start in these parts without paper ♪ 
♪ homey, I grew up in hell, a block away from heaven ♪ 
♪ that corner every 15 minutes, they moving seven ♪ 
♪ pure snow, bag it, then watch it go ♪ 
♪ occupational options, get some blow or some hos ♪ 
♪ shoot the ball or the strap, learn to rap or to Jack ♪ 
♪ f*ck it, man, in the meantime, go head and pump a pack ♪ 
♪ this my regal, royal flow, my James Bond bounce ♪ 
♪ that 007, that's 62 on my count ♪ 
♪ I'm an undercover liar, I lie under the covers ♪ 
♪ look a bitch in the eyes and tell her, baby, I love ya ♪ 
♪ you're my inspiration, you're my motivation ♪ 
♪ you're the reason that I'm moving with no hesitation ♪ 
♪ they say this is a big, rich town ♪ 
♪ yeah, I just come from the poorest part ♪ 
♪ bright lights, city life ♪ 
♪ I gotta make it, this is where it goes down ♪ 
♪ oh, yeah ♪ 
♪ yeah ♪ 
♪ I just happen to come up hard ♪ 
♪ legal or illegal, baby, I gotta make it ♪ 
 [Laughs softly] 
 [Door opens] 
 [Dance music in background] 
 Hey, hey. 
 [Door closes] Oh, yeah? 
 [Indistinct conversation] 
 [Hip-hop music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 It feels like we're 15 again sneaking out of my parents' apartment. 
 It ain't like that. 
 My driver's parked in the back. 
 Of course, just like when we were 15. 
 I could've taken a cab. 
 What kind of guy do you think I am? 
 Um, Angie, are we... 
 What? 
 Okay, I guess. 
 Better than okay, I think. 
 [Distant car horns honking] 
 [Distant siren wails] 
 Good night, Angie. 
 Good night, Jamie. 
 ♪ Stand out a mile, stand out a mile ♪ 
♪ but, brother, you're never ♪ 
♪ fully dressed without a smile ♪ 
 Watch that turn now, Raina, okay? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 ♪ You're never ♪ 
♪ fully dressed without a smile ♪ 
 Hold that out a little. 
 You sound really good. 
 Thank you. 
 And you will, too, if you do what I said. 
 Good morning, sleepyhead. 
 Morning. 
 I didn't hear you come in last night. 
 Yeah, the count was off, so we stayed to make sure it was right. 
 And then y'all woke me up with those beautiful voices. 
 You keep singing like that, I guarantee you'll get the lead. 
 The fifth graders never get it. 
 Yeah, but, baby girl, they never seen a fifth grader like my Raina St. Patrick. 
 You come from good stock, girl, you know hear me, huh? 
 Your daddy's looks and your mama's voice. 
 Mm-hmm. Whatever, negro. 
 [Laughs] 
 Uh-huh. [Slaps] 
 Gross. 
 "Gross"? 
 Give me some sugar. 
 No, no. 
 Wait, wait. You trying to run... 
 Mm. 
 [Laughs] 
 Mwah. I love you. 
 Love you too. 
 Have a good day at school. 
 Okay. 
 All right. 
 Keep practicing that song. 
 [Cell phone vibrates] 
 So we got fuckups all around, don't we? 
 The meeting information from Nomar Arcielo was bogus. 
 And I take full responsibility for that, Frankie. 
 But it's no worse than the potential key to the whole investigation getting murdered while you two idiots were sitting outside. 
 Saxe, what were you doing there anyway? 
 You were supposed to write the warrant, not go out on a field trip. And you distracted Agent Medina from good surveillance. All due respect, Frankie I hardly think I'm to blame. You're right. There's enough blame to go around. But the question is, where do we go from here? If you were right and Anibal was the distributor Lobos was unhappy with, then Lobos had the biggest motive to call a hit. If we find Anibal's killer, there's a chance we could connect Lobos directly. We're gonna need NYPD cooperation for that. Good luck with that. The detective on the case, Meredith Haines, is a power-tripping bitch. Takes one to know one, Saxe. I'll talk to Detective Haines. Let you know what I find out. I'll drive you to the precinct. I've got some friends over there. If Detective Haines is as prickly as they say, then I'm better off going alone so we can talk woman-to-woman. You want to try calling Nomar? He's not responding to our calls. Yeah, okay. But as some point, we need to talk about the dresser situation from the other night. Later, okay? We're gearing up for my high holy day. That some kind of religious sh1t? No. We're celebrating the day I got made born into the mighty Soldado Nation 25 years ago. Boys in my crew are getting snake tattoos on their arms so they can honor me, Vibora. Dos decades in the game. Always seems like guys like us should be able to not look over our shoulder. That's why Anibal's death came as a surprise to me and my partner. Can't say it did the same for me. Because you made the order? Because he's straight up fat, man. You ever see that m*therf*cker eat? [Laughs] I'm a businessman like you. I don't wish death on any man, except if it benefits my pockets. Maybe you're trying to take over the Tainos' turf. I got enough trouble maintaining my own territory. I don't want to expand. What about that sh1t you were talking at the Chinese spot, about another connect? I know a guy who knows a guy. But it's not your product's quality. You're here to accuse me of something or not? Because not too long ago, you came to me for help, and I strapped your crew up. Reason I'm here, papa. Yeah? _ You'd open up that damn pipeline again like you did for Rolla. But I haven't seen sh1t. Give me a couple days to get some things back in order. You'll be flying high again. Vibora. Hmm. For a minute there, you had me thinking you weren't gonna kill him. m*therf*cker straight up lied to my face, didn't he, Tommy? Knowing damn well he met with Lobos about stepping up. Told you it was Ruiz all along. Yeah, except when you said it was Anibal. Except then. I don't care. Now I just want to kill a m*therf*cker. Yo, Shawn. You ready to finally get your dick wet? Tommy. No, it's cool, Uncle G. I want to help. Did I ask you anything, Shawn, huh? He ain't ready. Hey, the kid handled himself at the meeting, Ghost. Ain't it time we let him step it up like his dad did with us? Kid ain't ready. All right, get out of here. What's wrong with you man, huh? What's wrong? How's he gonna get ready? Driving you around ain't prepping him for no real sh1t. Ruiz is too hard of a target. Shawn's green. He'll get himself killed. How the f*ck we supposed to explain to Kanan, who gets out in a year, that he's coming home to no money and no son? Fine. I'll do it fast and clean. Ruiz won't know what hit him. Nah, I don't want any of our hands getting dirty on this, okay? We need to outsource, so we have plausible deniability in case something goes wrong. I do it, ain't sh1t gonna go wrong. The important thing is it stops, all right? The streets don't need to know we did it, so long as it gets done. Fine. You want to blow loot. f*ck it. I'll just call in the dreads. Good. What? I just can't help but think none of this sh1t would be doing down if Kanan were here. If Kanan were here, we'd still be working the corner. Cheer up. Let the Jamaicans do their thing, man, huh? It'll all be over, it can go back to business the way you want it, right? Right. Right? Right. I just want to talk about Anibal Santalises's murder. Give me what you have, and I'll give you whatever federal resources you need to clear this case. And you'll get all the credit. The victim's throat was slashed, and he was gouged in his chest in the shape of a trident. Calling card of the Soldado Nation. It's damn near impossible to confirm. Soldados don't so much as talk to outsiders. And what if I can get you an insider? I'm listening. I'll just need your help finding him. Why am I not surprised to see you here? I could've gone to any of 128 nightclubs in Manhattan. Yet you wound up right here at Truth. My clients signed off on your nightclub when they found out what I was getting on the back end. What exactly is that? Have your people draw up a contract. You're getting all four parties. You should know that Simon Stern fired his entire event-management team when he found out that he was underbid. You're not making any friends. It's not personal, just business, Cynthia. For now. Congratulations, James St. Patrick. Every boldface name in town is gonna walk through those doors this season. Well played. Thank you, Cynthia Sheridan. I look forward to working together. [Reggae music] ♪ ♪ I'd like to order some soup. Right now the only thing we have is fish tea. I had my heart set on some mannish water. ♪ ♪ Sorry. We out of that at the moment. ♪ ♪ But why you don't look at the menu and see if there's anything else you want to order? ♪ ♪ I was hoping to get some in the next two days. Let me talk to me son, and contact you when he make another batch. ♪ They stand out a mile ♪ What part is your daughter auditioning for? She's also going out for Annie. That must be Suzie's fault. She played the female lead last year too, even though she was only in fifth grade. Must make the other girls think they have a shot. ♪ But you're never fully dressed ♪ 
♪ without a smile ♪ [Applause] Thank you, Suzie. Nicely done. Raina... I just would hate for your daughter to get her hopes up. Raina will be just fine. ♪ Hey, hobo man, hey, dapper Dan ♪ 
♪ you've both got your style, but, brother ♪ 
♪ you're never fully dressed ♪ 
♪ without a smile ♪ 
♪ ro dee oh doe dee oh ♪ 
♪ your clothes may be... ♪ For you. Actually, I'm... I was told to have this waiting for you. [Chuckles] No. It's not polite to make a lady drink alone. I just want to remember everything that happens tonight. Aren't you presumptuous? What line of work are you in, Carlos? I'm a salesman. Oh. So what do you sell? I sell people... [Laughs] a fantasy. That feels a little too real to me. Hey. Come on, don't do that. Stay here... in the moment... you and me. Jamie? Who's Jamie? Have we been here before? [Laughs] I didn't think you'd remember. [Laughs] I saved all my money to bring you to the city and then could barely afford the tokens to get back. [Both laughing] I was going crazy... trying to decide the right moment to kiss you. How about now? Why is our fridge the first place you start every time you come over here? It's hard out here for a pimp. Mm-hmm. Uh-huh, don't start. You know how Ghost gets about his junior's. He was supposed to meet me here at 9:00. He's late. It's his f*cking fault. You noticing Ghost has been M.I.A. a lot lately? Can you get more of this sh1t? How much do you need, boy? It's just... I got a girl. I was thinking maybe I'd bring her by for dinner. Something ain't right. You must be coming down with something if you claiming girls, let alone want to bring 'em by here. I like this chick, and I want to bring her to dinner to see you what you think. Stop making such a federal case of it. You want me to pick your girl for you, Tommy? What, I'ma let my mom do it? Look, T, I respect your opinion. If you like Holly, that means a lot. All right. Bring her by tomorrow. I'll fry up some chicken or something. Ooh! Like old times. Like old times you eating up all my food, that's what it is. Mmm, mmm. What's wrong, Angie? Come on, talk to me. We've been friends since the eighth grade. If you can't tell me what's on your mind, we got real problems. I want to know what we're doing here. Are we just f*cking? Is that what you think? I don't know what to think. Maybe don't think. Don't say that. Men always say that. Look, last night was last night. But if this happens again, then I'm making a choice... I am making a choice... right here, right now... with you. What is this? The wing? That's something I got a long time ago. I wanted to fly away... escape. I'm sure you wouldn't understand. No, I understand. I missed a lot, being away. Oh, you're better at that now. Some things have changed. [Both laughing] What's all this? You know that show Hoarders? That's my mom. It's her oldies and goodies collection. I took it out her basement to spin. On what, a record player? Hell, yeah. It's the best way to listen to music. Here... Check this out. [The Miracles' A Fork in the Road] ♪ Beware ♪ 
♪ beware ♪ 
♪ beware ♪ My mother used to play this song to death. [Laughs] I never heard this. Who is this? Smokey Robinson. You know, the Miracles? ♪ Beware ♪ 
♪ seems like love should be... ♪ Stick with me. I'll teach you a lot. I'm not going anywhere. ♪ Such a heavy load ♪ 
♪ worldwide traveler ♪ 
♪ you ain't been nowhere ♪ I want you to come to dinner and meet my family. Your mother? No. My family. ♪ I know I may be just a stranger ♪ He's all yours. I should've known you were behind these bullshit charges. Mami. You didn't return my calls. What's a girl to do? It's that damn coverage plan I'm on. Phone company's a bitch. So are you for feeding me fake intel about that meeting. Nah, there was a meeting. The place got switched at the last moment. Of course it did. We're done here. They hashed that sh1t out. Now Vibora's gonna hook up with the distributor again, restock our drug supply. f*cking time. So you're serious? That meeting actually happened? That's what I said, isn't it? You got trust issues, bruja. See someone about that. We need to get you close to Ruiz so you can identify this distributor. I'm not high enough on the depth chart to find out. Bullshit, you were high enough to set up that meeting with Lobos. And when that went south, I did too... in terms of juice. Well, here's your chance to get it back. According to our files, Ruiz's high holy day is coming up. I'm going to the party. But I won't get anywhere near the inner circle. I got you here, didn't I? Let me worry about getting you in there. It's okay, baby. [Crying] It's all right. It's okay. [Elevator bell dings] It's okay. What happened? The school called. Raina didn't get the part in the play. I don't know why they didn't pick me. I did my best. Come here, baby girl. It's totally unfair that's why. Raina was the best singer on that stage, and they gave it to the little white girl. Tasha. They should've picked her, not Suzie Spencer. I know how disappointing it is to work hard for something and not get it. She busted her ass on this, and they took it from her. Everything you want in life you don't get the first time. You got to keep going for it. You think? I know. You keep practicing, and next year you will be the lead, I'm sure of it. Okay, daddy. That's my girl. Give me some sugar. I know you're not gonna run from me this time. Her school made a decision. And it was the wrong decision. We need to do something about it. And that happens sometimes in life. We're supposed to prepare her for that. We can't go around correcting every goddamn wrong! And we can't roll over and chalk up everything as a loss either. I'm not letting Raina go through the same sh1t I did. Just because you didn't make it into Destiny's Child don't mean somebody's out to get our daughter. f*ck you, Ghost. You know what my mother did to me, telling me I would never make it. I gave up because of her. This ain't about your singing career. It's about Raina, and I'm not telling her to give up the opposite. Mm. But she's not always gonna win, and that's life. You need to let this sh1t go, okay? Leave it alone. You hear me? Leave it alone. [Elevator bell dings] Are we clear? We're having dinner with Tommy and his girl tonight. Just make sure you're here. Tommy got a girlfriend? Since when? [Door closes] Let's go, Shawn. [Elevator bell dings] So how'd it go at the meeting with Tommy? It was good... being out in the field. Yeah. Listen, man, I know you want to get in the action and be like your old man. No doubt. I get it. Felt the same way. Your pops brought me in the game, schooled me on everything. Make sure your word is your bond. Never turn your back on your friends and most importantly, know when to talk and when not to. God gave you two ears and one mouth for a reason. You volunteered to take a man's life today. Is that what you want? I'm ready to step up. If you want the street side of the business, it'll happen, but not until I say so. Understood? Yes, sir. Because before you get out there, it'll be like your dad. I got to be sure, 100% sure, I can trust you with my life, with everything. I got your back, Uncle G... 100%. 
 
 [Door opens] You like this fabric? Yeah, it's tight. You getting another one? No. You are. Acting the part is one thing, Shawn. You got to look the part as well. Vibora Ruiz has a thing for poisonous snakes, huh? [Chuckles] Been caught smuggling illegal species into the country a couple times. You know anyone over at Ice? Yeah, I got a customs guy. Why? Nomar confirmed the meeting with the distributor actually happened. The guy we've been looking for is still alive. And I'm gonna get my C.I. to I.D. him. That guy just screwed over the whole goddamn department, and you're talking about using him again? Next to you, I got the biggest hard-on for Lobos in this place. And this is the best lead either of us has. So let's pool our resources and bust his ass. All right. If I do this for you, maybe you can clear something up for me. Sure. How long have you been f*cking Agent Knox? Excuse me? I'm an undercover agent trained to read people. Obviously there's something going on between you two. There's nothing going on. Whatever. Melissa, have you seen Holly? She called in sick, again. I guess she thinks 'cause she's f*cking the boss, she doesn't have to follow the rules. Wait. What? Not the black one the white guy, Tommy. You ask me, he's an asshole. No argument from me there. Boss wants us starting the secret V.I.P. entrances tonight, and I need her here. I got to call her. Chasing down these f*cking employees. I'm sorry, sir. We're not open to the public yet. It's okay. I'm not the public. Mr. Stern. Are you kidding me? What? You haven't gotten a shower yet? Babe, we got plenty of time. They're gonna be here any minute. You're the reason why they say black folks are always late. No, they say black folks are always late 'cause we always late. [Cell phone vibrating] [Shower running] Hell, no. Not tonight. [Sighs] [Telephone ringing] Hello. Good evening, Mrs. St. Patrick. It's Joshua Kantos from Truth. I left a message for the boss on his cell phone, but it's very important that I talk to him. - Is he available? He's in the shower. I'll have him return when he gets a minute. This is very important. It always is, Kantos. I'll be sure to let him know. Please, Mrs. St. Patrick. It's very important that I get a hold all right, babe, the doorman just buzzed. Tommy and his date are on their way up. By the way, you see my cell phone? Oh, yeah. It's right here, babe. Oh, cool. You get the door, okay? I got to go freshen up a bit. All right. [Elevator bell dings] Hey, Tommy. What's up, G? I think y'all know each other. Holly... Holly from the club. Nice to see you, Mr. St. Patrick. Oh, you can call him James. [Sighs] Hello. My lovely wife. Hi. I'm Tasha. Hi. Tommy told me all about you. I had no idea Mr. St. Patrick, the big boss, was actually the brother he's always talking about. Yo, it's time to drink. I'll pour. T, why don't you show Holly around. I'll take your coat. [Busy signal beeping] Holy sh1t. This thing is bigger than my apartment. Is this Louis Vuitton? This thing costs, like, $1,000. 2,000. My husband brought it back from his last business trip. That's what I want. That is real love. It's not about the gift. It's about the fact that he's thinking of you, and he thinks you're worth the money. I'm sure Tommy will get you anything you ask for. Tommy wouldn't know that bag if I hit him in the face with it. [Laughs] You guys got it made. Yeah, I guess so. [Sniffs] Nice. The good stuff. Cheers. Cheers. I am really impressed with how you bounced back, got your own club. I do have one question for you. How did you raise the money so fast? I'm only a limited partner here, sir. It's James St. Patrick's money. But you're the reason this place is turning out to be so successful. I couldn't say that. For a guy who's never been in the business, James knows what he's doing. We're full every night, extremely tight door, and once they're in, every kind of customer gets specific treatment. The drinks they ordered last time, the booth they loved, the waitress they wanted to f*ck. Well, you'd know about that, wouldn't you? We've got a great system here, sir. Seeing as it's just the two of us, what is St. Patrick's deal? Where's he from? What's his background? I tried looking into him myself and came up empty. What did he do before this? [Laughter] Remember JSP and Tommy-Toms? Oh, please tell me Tommy-Toms was not your stage name. It was the '80s. Everybody had two names. Lisa Lisa, Marky Mark. And Tommy-Toms. That sh1t sounded like a bad Chinese restaurant. You're not gonna sit there and just blaze us up like that? Yo, let's bust out a verse, B. [Rhythmically slaps table] My husband used to always do this rap about how we first met. Go for it, Tommy. I don't remember the words. ♪ I like it, she... she love it ♪ 
♪ no hesitation, I had to push up on it ♪ 
♪ I like it, she... she love it ♪ 
♪ no hesitation, no hesitation ♪ 
♪ her breathtaking beauty had me gasping ♪ 
♪ me and her together, this was simple math ♪ 
♪ and at least for me, it was destiny ♪ 
♪ perfect recipe ♪ 
♪ was me and baby girl ♪ Oh, come on, man, you know I hung my mic up a long time ago. [Groans] Boo. Party pooper. Mm-hmm. That's my husband. Fine. If you ain't gonna rap, I need you to work a bit. [Laughs] That club sure keeps them busy, huh? Like you couldn't imagine. Mind if I you use your bathroom? Sure. It's right down the hall. We're all set with the Jamaicans for tomorrow. Didn't I tell you not to f*ck the merchandise? Let's get one thing straight from jump. You don't tell me sh1t. I'm not a f*cking child. You're acting like one bringing breezies over to my house for show-and-tell? This ain't some skank-ass broad. Holly's different. She's special. Tonight she is. Tomorrow morning she might be. Give me a f*cking break. Come on, Tommy, you... you and I both know you ain't gonna feel that way in a month or a year. Why you care who I'm boning anyway? Because you're f*cking someone who works at my business, which makes this about my business. Last I checked, this was a 50-50 partnership, which makes Holly just as much my employee as she is yours. Look, man, that just means I can't f*ck her either. But you better not have told her about our other thing. This ain't my first rodeo. Do you think I'm f*cking stupid? Hmm? The department splurged on this? I may have submitted it as a slightly different expense. We get Lobos, no one will care. You manipulated NYPD and Customs? You don't give two sh1ts about protocol, do you? Just like you f*cking Knox right under Frankie's nose. Not this again. Why do you care? 'Cause I don't want you to f*ck up again. If Knox's dick is the reason you got distracted last week, I want to know. Were you sucking Saxe off? Is that why you missed Anibal's doer? Your head was under the dashboard, Saxe's eyes were closed. [Chuckles] [Knock at door] Where's your f*cking key? I heard voices. I wanted to make sure the coast was clear. I got you just the ticket to get you in the high council of the Soldado Nation. You must be offering yourself or a ton of drugs, 'cause pussy and powder are the only things that'll get me next to Ruiz. Whoa. Can you watch your mouth? There's a lady present. Who the f*ck is this? Nomar, this is Joe Gonzales, a reptile specialist with the department. Why you always bringing new people? This is supposed to be an "A" and "B" situation. Reptile man needs to see his way out. Okay, but not until I show you... how to handle this. Whoa. [R&B music] ♪ ♪ Holly! I got your coat! Come on! We out of here. [Elevator bell dings] ♪ ♪ [Door closes] Bye, Tasha. Bye, James. Uh, I'll see you at work tomorrow. See you, T. Thank you. Yeah. They're like the Cosby Show, you know? She seems to have it all... other than the fact that her husband's cheating on her. What did you just say? I was dropping some receipts off in the office the other night, and I walked in on Mr. St. Patrick nailing some latina. You need to mind your own f*cking business. What did I do? Just shut the f*ck up! Damn! Tommy! I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said that. What are you apologizing for? That made you angry. And I don't like seeing you that way. Shh. I like it when you feel good. [Elevator bell dings, doors open] Where you been? You're not gonna believe this. But Medina finally got on board, helping me with a Nomar thing. Nomar should be in at Ruiz's party tomorrow night. Look, I'm not trying to be a dick, but technically, Nomar is my C.I. So, if you want to let Medina in, you should have at least consulted me first. I know you're upset, but can we talk some other time? Because I'm running late to meet some friends. Yeah, sure. Some other time... Like when you're ready to be honest with me. You know, whenever that is. Greg. Are you sleeping with Medina? [Laughs] What? It's not like it's not your M.O. To f*ck somebody at work. f*ck you, Greg. Not lately. We're gonna talk about this tomorrow. No. No, we're gonna talk about this now. I got to go. I'm not letting you walk out that door. Can I at least tell my friends I can't show up? Rolla, what up? I heard the fat man got marked. I don't know who you got on them corners, but rock street Killahz are ready to step up and take one for the team? No question. I done kept it 100 with you and white boy from the jump. Good. Tommy filled me in on the meeting. But we still haven't found out who's hitting us... unless you got something you want to spill. Negative. Well, Tainos got Anibal's number two in place already. I don't see any reason for him to lose his territory, unless you doing some serious ear hustling and want to help me kill the m*therf*cker behind this sh1t. On it. All right. Later. First of all, I'm not f*cking Medina or anyone at the office. Anyone else, you mean. People get into relationships at work, Greg. When you spend 20 hours a day together in an office, it happens. I'm not a whore. I never said that. Funny, I heard it loud and clear. Medina asked me today if I was f*cking you. And what did you tell him? That nothing was going on. He was asking because I f*cked up the raid the other day. I don't want to fight with you, Greg. I just want to catch Lobos and call it a day. I got to be able to talk to our other colleagues without you thinking I'm sleeping with them. I got to be able to meet our C.I. without you breathing down my neck. I got to have some space, Greg. You know what? You can blame this on our jobs as much as you want, but this is a "you" problem. So, whatever it is, whatever's going on with you, Jesus, good luck. Here's your space. [Door opens, closes] [Sighs] [Elevator bell dings] Morning, Shawn. Hey. Is that a new suit? Yeah. Let me see how it looks. This has my husband written all over it. Yeah, yeah, I'm going to visit my dad again in a few days. G wanted me to look nice. You and Ghost are getting pretty close. You probably see a lot driving him around, huh, Shawn? This suit fits you perfectly. And I love how it feels. I think he's keeping something from me, and I want to know how long it's been going on. Uh, I wish I knew what you were talking about. Hmm, you're a terrible liar. What's going on between my husband and Tommy? Well, um... They've been having a lot of disagreements lately. Disagreements about what? Hmm? You can tell me. It'll be another one of our little secrets. I don't really know. They've been beefing ever since we got back from that meeting. Tasha. Is Shawn out there? Yeah, he's reading the paper. Morning, boss. You ready? Morning. Yeah. Have a good day. You too. [Elevator bell dings] Whatever you want. Hey, let me call you back. You got my messages? What messages? Simon Stern came into the club last night. You better be sh1tting me. You were M.I.A., so I bonded with Stern, skinning and grinning my way around a conversation about us underbidding him for those parties. You trying to angle to get a job with him, huh? No, I left you a message on your voice mail, and I tried you at home. Your wife said you were in the shower. I did my job. I didn't see one missed call or a f*cking voice mail, Kantos. You were hooking V.I.P.s up with bottle girls at the last club you worked. No one would hire you with a fistful of 50s. So don't stand there acting like your ass don't stink, or I'll send you back to your P.O. to air out. Next time you get in your f*cking car and you drive to my f*cking house, you hear me? I heard Raina's audition. She sang well. Obviously not well enough. These roles are limited and typically granted to sixth graders. Except Suzie Spencer got the lead last year as a fifth grader. Mrs. St. Patrick, three generations of Spencers  have matriculated through our school. I'm sure you understand. The decision's been made in the matter. Oh, has it? [Hip-hop music] ♪ ♪ [Indistinct chatter] Vibora. Mira quien es. How are you? Felicitaciones. What's that? A tribute for Vibora. ♪ ♪ [Gasps] [Snake hisses, crowd ohs] [Laughs] How did you get this in the country? Happy high holy day, Vibora. Venga. Dame la botella. Thank you. Toma ahi. Toma, toma. [Man speaking indistinctly on television] [Cell phone vibrates] [Sighs] I'll be right back, babe. Uh, babe, you want to tell me why you didn't tell me Kantos called last night? I must've forgot, with all the running around with the dinner. I missed a very important meeting with Simon Stern. I'm sorry. [Telephone rings] Hello? May I ask who's calling? Raina, pick up the phone! [Shrieks] Mom, dad, I got the part. What? That was the drama director. They made a mistake. I've been double-cast with Suzie to play Annie. What? Congratulations, honey. Oh, I'm so proud of you. Look at that. I told you it would work out in the end, baby girl. I got to go call all my friends! Call 'em. [Door closes] Um, I'll be right back. We're out of milk. [Elevator bell dings] Yo, I ain't got a 420 text from you in a minute, T. Got some extra-good sh1t to mark the occasion. You must really need to hit this. Yeah, but don't be rolling up in front of my building. Damn. Ghost hates it when I smoke. f*ck that. He don't need to know. [Laughs] That girl Holly is way too fast for you. Seriously? I mean, you like her, you like her, but that's just my two cents. Noted. Relax. I'm a pro with this. Yeah, all right, I can't tell. Nigga, I got kids. [Spits] Look, I know I'm starting to sound like a broken record, but your boy's head ain't in the game. You know Ghost is always on some next sh1t. Come on, we'll be out your hood in a minute. Ain't no one gonna see your ass. I'm just saying, he depends on us to keep him grounded. But now he's talking to me sideways, disrespecting you and sh1t. Nah. Don't lie to me to my face you left early the other night because you and Ghost got into a fight, right? You think Ghost is drinking again? This ain't no bottle problem, T. Maybe Ghost is just going through some sort of midlife crisis. It's too early for that. I think it's just this club sh1t. That's a symptom, not the disease. Ghost is changing, Tommy. I'm starting to think it ain't a temporary thing. ♪ Slow down, grab the wall ♪ 
♪ wiggle like you trying to make yo ass fall off ♪ 
♪ hella thick, I wanna smash 'em all ♪ 
♪ now speed up ♪ 
♪ gas pedal, gas pedal, gas pedal ♪ 
♪ gas pedal, gas pedal ♪ 
♪ hey, you already know me ♪ 
♪ s-a-g-e ♪ 
♪ gas pedal ♪ 
♪ look, uh... ♪ It's starting to get crowded. Stay by me and keep your head on a swivel. - Salud. All : Salud. ♪ Whoa, say a friend ♪ 
♪ I play a hole every night DJ, amen ♪ Otra. ♪ Tell them give me topper ♪ 
♪ beat it, beat it up, 911, hit the coppers ♪ 
♪ I'm s-a-g-e, who would like to know? ♪ 
♪ Fee-fi-fo-fum, large meat in your throat ♪ [Chuckles] ♪ west-side, baby, do what you do ♪ 
♪ and you got tail, what that sh1t do? ♪ 
♪ It's pretty nigga mob ♪ 
♪ that's the way that I grew up ♪ 
♪ I be steppin' up in the club they make 'em drop to my shoe ♪ 
♪ and her dude mad 'cause I spooned ♪ 
♪ but I don't give a fork, silverware a nigga out ♪ 
♪ if he actin' a poor spork, you's a dork ♪ I'll be in the champagne room. ♪ Got a booty like coupes I'm tryin' to make it ♪ 
♪ wow ♪ 
♪ gas pedal, gas pedal ♪ 
♪ gas pedal, gas pedal ♪ 
♪ now speed up, gas pedal, gas pedal ♪ 
♪ gas pedal, gas pedal ♪ 
♪ gas pedal, gas pedal, gas pedal ♪ 
♪ now speed up, gas pedal, gas pedal ♪ 
♪ gas pedal ♪ 
♪ uh, she a trick for a dollar bill ♪ 
♪ and her boyfriend a bitch, call him Tyler Perry ♪ 
♪ ugh, I'm in the black bat lookin' scary ♪ 
♪ on my way to the cake, no bake-ery ♪ 
♪ oops, bakery, never been no fakery ♪ 
♪ lead her to the bathroom ♪ 
♪ she askin', "where you takin' me?" ♪ 
♪ uh, tell her, "slow down, baby" ♪ 
♪ I'm too turned up, it's fixin' go down, baby ♪ 
♪ when you hit the stage, the people do a 180 ♪ 
♪ when I hit the stage, man, the club wanna pay me ♪ 
♪ speed up, gas pedal, gas pedal ♪ 
♪ gas pedal ♪ [Hip-hop music] ♪ West ♪ 
♪ west ♪ 
♪ yeah ♪ 
♪ you know what it is ♪ Both : Mmm. ♪ You know what it is ♪ 
♪ you know what it is ♪ 
♪ what's up? ♪ 
♪ Bad chicks in the lineup ♪ 
♪ knock 'em all down in a row ♪ 
♪ she could be a thought ♪ 
♪ turn it up for the night, get it down, down low ♪ 
♪ down low ♪ 
♪ get it down ♪ 
♪ get it down, down low ♪ 
♪ down low ♪ 
♪ get it down, get it down, down, low ♪ 
♪ down low ♪ 
♪ get it down ♪ 
♪ get it down, down low ♪ 
♪ down low ♪ 
♪ get it down, get it down, down low ♪ 
♪ low ♪ 
♪ West Side ♪ 
♪ West Side, they wonder why I say West Side ♪ 
♪ West Side ♪ 
♪ I fly till I die ♪ 
♪ R.I.P. to the girl left eye ♪ 
♪ tryin' to find where the chicks is ♪ 
♪ tryin' to duck all the snitches ♪ 
♪ no game, no play ♪ 
♪ what you gonna do when I come your way? ♪ [Both moaning] ♪ River rat, bitch, you make it bounce like a 64 ♪ 
♪ and I'm a fly a G6 ♪ 
♪ she let me jump on the beat like a remix ♪ 
♪ sh1t, hey, my nigga ♪ 
♪ it's Californ-i-a, my nigga ♪ 
♪ L.A. to the bay, my nigga ♪ 
♪ what you gotta say, my nigga? ♪ Aah! [Breathing heavily] [Groaning] ♪ She could be a thought ♪ 
♪ turn it up for the night, get it down, down low ♪ 
♪ get it down, get it down, down low ♪ 
♪ down low ♪ 
♪ get it down ♪ 
♪ get it down, down low ♪ 
♪ down low ♪ 
♪ get it down, get it down, down low ♪ 
♪ down low ♪ 
♪ get it down, get it down, down low ♪ 
♪ bad chicks in the lineup ♪ 
♪ knock 'em all down in a row ♪ 
♪ she could be a thought ♪ 
♪ turn it up for the night, get it down, down low ♪ 
♪ get it down, get it down, down low ♪ 
♪ down low ♪ 
♪ get it down ♪ 
♪ get it down, down low ♪ 
♪ down low ♪ 
♪ get it down, get it down, down low ♪ 
♪ down low ♪ 
♪ get it down ♪ 
♪ get it down, down low ♪ 
♪ she all up in my grill like a t-bone ♪ 
♪ got the girl, only she won't leave me alone ♪ 
♪ like to think he got bad credit ♪ 
♪ if a hater want to talk, I get it ♪ 
♪ my doors on the whip go up ♪ 
♪ go up ♪ 
♪ so sick, make 'em want to upchuck ♪ 
♪ upchuck ♪ 
♪ I'ma pimp, so pimp I must ♪ 
♪ got my money, ain't got our trust ♪ sh1t. Coño! Vibora's hurt! ♪ We lift it ♪ Something's wrong! [Shouts indistinctly] What the f*ck happened? ♪ I'm in the club in the V.I. ♪ 
♪ Bad, bad B.I., Z.I. ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ bad chicks in the lineup ♪ 
♪ knock 'em all down in a row ♪ 
♪ she could be a thought ♪ 
♪ turn it up for the night, get it down, down low ♪ 
♪ get it down, get it down, down low ♪ 
♪ get it down, get it down, down low ♪ 
♪ get it down, get it down, down low ♪ You remember Tommy and I had a rap group? JSP and DJ Tommy-Toms? [Laughs] You remember the rap I made up for you? Mm-hmm. ♪ I like it, she... she love it ♪ 
♪ no hesitation, I had to push up on it ♪ 
♪ uh, uh, I like it, uh, uh, she love it ♪ 
♪ no hesitation, I had to push up on it ♪ [Laughs] It's a good thing you became a businessman. Be quiet. [Chuckles] You know you like it. [Cell phones vibrating] [Sighs] It's work. I should probably get this. I'll take it in the other room. Tommy, what's up? What do you need? Nomar just called. Ruiz has been stabbed. Are you serious? Ruiz got stabbed, right in the chest. Excellent. Apparently Nomar's in with him, and they're headed somewhere to get medical attention. It wasn't the Jamaicans we hired. Someone went after him and missed. He ain't dead. Where are you? I'm on my way in right now. So, if someone else swung at him, that means he's not the source of our problem after all. We got to meet up, sort all this out. Work is blowing up. I got to go. ♪ Here's a little info ♪ 
♪ you should know ♪ 
♪ you don't know what you're in for ♪ 
♪ what you're in for ♪ 
♪ come on ♪ 
♪ we get the party rockin', bottles poppin' ♪ 
♪ tonight we gonna turn it up ♪ 
♪ yeah ♪ 
♪ twisted, twisted, yeah ♪ 
♪ yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ 
♪ let's toast to success and take it a little higher ♪ 
♪ may tomorrow bring you everything your heart desires ♪ 
♪ let your drive and ambition offer you new visions ♪ 
♪ may your gut instincts help you make good decisions ♪ 
♪ this is more than champagne ♪ 
♪ this is more than just a glass ♪ 
♪ it's a symbol of accomplishment ♪ 
♪ we rarely ever have ♪ 
♪ let's enjoy tonight like tonight's our last ♪ 
♪ we could focus on the future and reflect on the past ♪ 
♪ we done came so far, I mean, look where we are ♪ 
♪ if they don't call us by name, they call us entrepreneurs ♪ 
♪ from the block to the boardroom ♪ 
♪ the hood to the high life ♪ 
♪ skyscraper paper, baby, life in the limelight ♪ 
♪ want the best of the best, the top of the top ♪ 
♪ I mean, the bad, this business ♪ 
♪ you know the cream of the crop ♪ 
♪ we got a hustlin' habit ♪ 
♪ we better than average, more like the elite ♪ 
♪ my nigga, we got to... ♪ 
♪ We get the party rockin' bottles poppin' ♪ 
♪ tonight we gonna turn it up ♪ 
♪ turn up ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 