Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x03 - This Is Real - Power 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x03 - This Is Real https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=318&t=18707 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 06/21/14 23:56 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x03 - This Is Real 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 This club is the dream. 
 I have to admit I'm impressed. 
 You run a smooth operation here, James. 
 When we met, who'd you think I was gonna be? 
 The biggest goddamn drug dealer in New York City. 
 Must be a reason you came in the club the other night. 
 I got you something, one for each of us. 
 [Both laughing] 
 Who can give us the names, places, and dates we need to convict Lobos? 
 We gotta open up this store, or Lobos will move on. 
 I issued a warrant for a Ruiz Lieutenant, Nomar Arcielo. 
 You want me to rat on Felipe Lobos? 
 Wait till you hear who else Nomar called. 
 Isabel Ruiz. 
 Vibora Ruiz's daughter? 
 Isn't she 14? 
 We do it right, it'll shut this sh1t down for good. 
 And if it doesn't? 
 Then we go to war. 
 What the f*ck? 
 ♪ They say this is a big, rich town ♪ 
♪ I just come from the poorest part ♪ 
♪ bright lights, city life ♪ 
♪ I gotta make it, this is where it goes down ♪ 
♪ I just happen to come up hard ♪ 
♪ legal or illegal, baby, I gotta make it ♪ 
♪ I never took a straight path nowhere ♪ 
♪ life's full of twists and turns, bumps and bruises ♪ 
♪ I live, I learn ♪ 
♪ I'm from that city full of yellow cabs and skyscrapers ♪ 
♪ it's hard to get a start in these parts without paper ♪ 
♪ homey, I grew up in hell, a block away from heaven ♪ 
♪ that corner every 15 minutes, they moving seven ♪ 
♪ pure snow, bag it, then watch it go ♪ 
♪ occupational options, get some blow or some hos ♪ 
♪ shoot the ball or the strap, learn to rap or to jack ♪ 
♪ f*ck it, man, in the meantime, go head and pump a pack ♪ 
♪ this my legal, royal flow, my James Bond bounce ♪ 
♪ that 007, that's 62 on my count ♪ 
♪ I'm an undercover liar, I lie under the covers ♪ 
♪ look a bitch in the eyes and tell her, baby, I love ya ♪ 
♪ you're my inspiration, you're my motivation ♪ 
♪ you're the reason that I'm moving with no hesitation ♪ 
♪ they say this is a big, rich town ♪ 
♪ yeah, I just come from the poorest part ♪ 
♪ bright lights, city life ♪ 
♪ I gotta make it, this is where it goes down ♪ 
♪ oh, yeah ♪ 
♪ yeah ♪ 
♪ I just happen to come up hard ♪ 
♪ legal or illegal, baby, I gotta make it ♪ 
 [Overlapping chatter] 
 [Dance music] 
 [Phone vibrates] 
 [Sighs] 
 Livin' the dream. 
 The line should be 500 people long. 
 And I just took another bag of cash to the safe. 
 Third time tonight. 
 Good, huh? 
 Not bad. 
 How's that compare to Saturday night? 
 I mean, it doesn't. 
 To be fair, though, it's a Tuesday. 
 I'm gonna go find us some blow, okay? 
 Get this party started. 
 I know you, don't I? 
 - Are you an actress or model? 
 I was in Maxim last month. Just a two-page spread, accessories. I remember. I liked it. So you really wanna party? [Dance music] [Chuckles] [Knocking on door] Grabbed that org chart of the Lobos cartel you asked for. You wanna eat or work first? You really think Lobos only meets his distributor twice a year? I was thinking we should take another look at the Federales' records. What? You're inspiring a third option. [Laughs] What's wrong? Nothing. [Sirens blaring in the distance] [Sighs] [Horn honks] Frankie warned me to stay focused. Mm-hmm. We should work. Mm-hmm. We will. After. [Giggles] [Laughs] I was thinking Lobos must be using a proxy for his... [Gasps] Regular communication. [Sighs] [Inhales] [Moans] [Hip-hop music] [Snorting] [Exhales] Oh, sh1t, that's amazing. So move over then. All right, hold on. Wait your turn. [Snorting] But I was thinking, if we open up a fifth night every week, it's that much more money, that much more exposure. Too much exposure. It's called over-exposure. Make the 500 people wait. What? Come here. Help! Oh, my God! Wake up. f*ck off! Sabrina! Oh, my God. Sabrina! Get the medics now! Somebody help me. Out. And have someone block the door. Redirect traffic to the women's room upstairs. Please wake up. What did she take? Sweetheart, listen to me. Listen to me. What did she take? Blow. Coke. But she only did two lines. Are you sure? Cocaine, cut with some bad sh1t. Hey, hey, hey, ma'am? Somebody help her! Wake up, wake up! [Indistinct chatter] Start compressions. I almost did a line. Two, three... Oh, my God. Four, five, six, seven, eight. Is she gonna be okay? I got a pulse. Yo, Jim, bring an ambulance around. Okay, listen to me. Look. There's gonna be an ambulance downstairs, it's gonna take both of you to the hospital, okay? When you get to the hospital, they're gonna ask you what happened. No. No, no! No, I can't say anything because her mom will kill her, and it'll be... Look. If you keep your mouth shut, she'll die anyway. It was bad coke. That's what happened. That's all you have to tell 'em. Told you having our own EMTs was worth every penny. Ten minutes we would've waited for 911, she'd be dead already. Plus, no police, no press. No one's the wiser. And you, all that bad coke sh1t? Impressive. Let me grab you a drink, boss. I don't drink anymore. Still you should celebrate. When's the last time you saved a life? [Both moaning] f*ck. See, endorphins make everything better. [Both laughing] Endorphins don't help catch Lobos. And you're half-naked and still thinking about work. I don't know whether to be offended or impressed. [Phone vibrates] [Groans] What the f*ck? You got a relay call from the office. [Phone chimes] There goes mine. Looks like we're up. [Sighs] [Phone ringing] Hey, baby. Bed's awfully empty. You coming home soon? Yeah, soon. Had a crazy night here. Girl got some bad coke. She lived, but... Not our product. Tasha, we don't do that here. Then what's the problem? Come home. Yeah. Soon as I'm done here, I'll come straight home. Okay. Bye, baby. [Train passing] f*cking classic. He wanted to meet us here? I know it's your task force, but he's technically my C.I. There's a protocol. So I'll lead the interview, write the report. What are you insinuating? Not insinuating anything, cowgirl. [Both laughing] I'm saying we both know you'll cut corners to get a win. In the courtroom, it's fine. But there are rules in the field... follow them. Here we go. Maricon. Good to see you too, papi. [Overlapping chatter] What do you got for us? He says he's not talking to you. Mm. Yeah, I got the gist, thanks. You called us. So I assume you have some information on Felipe Lobos... you know, some sort of video, audio recording, maybe a photograph or two, or... A tip... who sells Lobos' drugs and when and how it happens. [Sniffles] Yeah, I got your tip. Mm-hmm. [Sirens blaring] Where the f*ck you been? Thought you died in there. Wild night, man. We got business to discuss, real business. Okay, go. Retail side's been locked up tight since we sent those body parts around town. We're getting a big distro shipment coming in day after next. How are the corners? Pretty f*cking quiet. Everyone knows a re-up's coming. They'll be watching us. It's time. Tell Julio. Let's take a ride. Tell him yourself. Nah. Gotta get home. Tasha's expecting me. Oh, we gotta replace the girl who got slashed, the courier. Julio already handled it. White chick, nice tits. [Laughs] I'll catch you later. Later. Tommy told me you got shook at the chop shop the other night. I was good. First chop shop I saw, dude's head fell, rolled across the floor like a goddamn bowling ball. It scared the sh1t out of me. Actually your pops was there. He was? It's okay to admit it f*cked you up for a minute, Shawn. And he said it to me, so I'm saying it to you. It was Kanan who taught us how to hold a saw. He did? Jesus. I didn't know he was like Tommy. Pull over. Look at me. Ain't nobody like Tommy. I'll talk to him. I don't need you being a part of the game like that. Told your father I'd take care of you. My pops doesn't know sh1t about taking care of me. You need to go see him, kid. Don't judge him. Kanan did what he had to do to survive. [Sirens blaring] We all do. ♪ Many say that I'm too young ♪ 
♪ to let you know just where I'm coming from ♪ 
♪ but you will see ♪ 
♪ Nothing's wrong, it's all right ♪ 
♪ with my man, my man ♪ 
♪ I like the way we... ♪ Hurry up, sleepyhead! Our appointment's at 10:00. Yeah, I can't go with you today. The thing that happened last night at the club with the girl... I know you ain't serious. It's the first of the month. I know. We dress nice, we go in, all on the books. We meet with the bankers. This Mr. and Mrs. Black Enterprise sh1t was your idea. Yeah, but I think you can handle it now, math team. Did you guys wear uniforms? [Both laugh] I should've never told you about that. You can never let it go. Come on, Ghost, we always go together. I don't wanna go alone. I gotta go to the club, baby. Youse a smart girl. You got this. I accompanied Agent Knox to meet with our C.I. Nomar Arcielo. I think he's gonna be a great asset in our search for Lobos' distributor. He seemed evasive. He needs encouragement, sure. Encouragement isn't gonna do anything. Street soldier like Nomar doesn't know sh1t. We should be honing in on the Primeras who get Lobos' product. The only Primera we know is Ruiz. Yeah, but there are more. We find them, they lead us to the distributor. It's not your call. It's my call. Agent Knox, follow up with Nomar. It's worth one more visit if we can squeeze something out. We're on it. [Door opens, closes] If you two are so confident, start your search for the big dogs. See what you can unearth. Looking forward to it. Morning, boss. Kantos. "Which fresh-faced, up-and-coming model almost died while powdering her nose at the hottest new club in the meatpacking district? This story's no lie." I know I said having in-house medics would help us to avoid bad press, but the bathroom was full of drunk women. What I wanna know is, who sold her blow in my club? Bad, fucked-up, stepped-on blow. Drugs are part of the game, boss. People wanna get high and party. We do our best to control it, but it's the business that we're in. You need to control who gets in here, period. So now that the cops know drugs are getting sold in here, will they send 'em in straight up or plainclothes cats or what? I know you know how they work. They, uh... [Clears throat] come in the front door, usually. Sniff around, they mess with us, call us a public health menace, we get shut down. Before we get Cynthia Sheridan to sign a contract, we get shut down, people move on, no way. Like you said, boss, I know how the cops work. Let me show you something. Shipment tomorrow morning, you and Victor. It's on. All right. That's Liliana who just walked in? Yeah. Wow. That is one fucked-up grill. [Laughs] Hey, dog, she's doing good with the count, though, man. Glad she's good at something, 'cause ain't no one gonna f*ck her again. I'd bet my dick she's gonna snitch someday. Yo, you want me to take her out right now? Nah. We find the dealer ourselves and deliver him straight to the NYPD. I don't f*ck with cops. Yeah, but maybe you should. We save them work, they get an arrest, and they leave us alone. What's this? I've got the names of everyone who's stepped foot in Truth. We swipe their licenses at the door. No sh1t. Name, birth date, height, weight, hair color. Address? Address, yeah. Anything on a driver's license. I was looking for any familiar names to narrow down our search. I know a lot of dealers from back in the day. This go all the way back to opening night? Yup, so until we find this guy, I think we should consult a lawyer. I mean, I don't want this girl to read The Post, see a payday, and try to sue. I got a guy on retainer, and... I know a lawyer. My guy specializes in this stuff. I got it. That tech stock you bought with our money... risky move, isn't it? Yeah, well, given the size of your portfolio, I wasn't really so worried. Those wash 'n folds really seemed to pay off for you and Mr. St. Patrick. That's why it's a great business, Alex. [Screen beeping] People always have dirty laundry. [Ding] Welcome, Mrs. St. Patrick. Please sign in. What the f*ck? [Door opens] If everything's satisfac... Pull up that goddamn log. [Sighs] Kantos said he knew a lawyer, I told him I had a better option. I don't usually do in-person consultations, but just this once I'll make an exception. Oh. [Laughs] I'm sorry about the other day. You had to work. I get it. But it does feel like you're always running off somewhere. You'd think I'd be used to it by now. [Chuckling] Not gonna let me off that easy, are you? Nope. So you think the girl really has a case? Let's not use the word "case." Look, as a lawyer, I shouldn't be here at all. But as your friend, I'd say, someone ODs in your club, you have limited liability unless you provided the drugs, which obviously you didn't. So when I get in there... I think you should talk to her, ask her how she's doing. Show her you care. It's not about getting out of a lawsuit, it's about avoiding getting into one in the first place. My manager thinks we should work with the cops to find the dealer, but, you know, coming from our neighborhood, that's a terrible idea, right? Not necessarily. sh1t! Coming up, NYPD was 007. That badge gave them license to kill. We'd see the cops coming, and we'd run. Even if we were just hanging on the corner, remember? I remember. But not all cops are like that. It's not a bad idea to have a few on your side. Come up with me. Nah. The whole thing goes sideways if she thinks you brought a lawyer to cover your ass, even though you kind of did. Yeah. [Laughs] Guess we could've done this on the phone. You didn't need to come. Yeah, I did. I mean, you've worked so hard for the club, I wanna make sure it all works out. [Indistinct chatter on P.A.] [Sighs, chuckles] Chardonnay at the lower bar. Do champagne up top, near VIP Mrs. St. Patrick. Is my husband upstairs? He went out. You want me to let him know you stopped by? Don't worry yourself about it. I'll wait in his office. It's probably locked. Then I'll need the key. [Heart monitor beeping] I'm James St. Patrick, the owner of the nightclub where you... How you feeling? My mother is flying in from the Ukraine. My agency, they want me to go to rehab. I can't believe this happened. You're not the first person to use drugs. And you're not the first person to buy bad drugs off an asshole. I feel pretty stupid. This kind of a bad thing, maybe it's the push you need to start heading in a better direction. This asshole dealer, you happen to remember his name, what he looks like? I don't want this to happen to anyone else. [phone chimes] [Phone chimes] Hey, there. Have you seen James? Big boss isn't here yet. Big boss? What's that make me? [Chuckles] Hey, what's your name? Why would that matter? I want to know more about you. That's all. You want to f*ck me. Don't need to know my name for that. Hey, listen, what do I need to say here? I don't know. Come up with something. See you later, boss. What the f*ck is her problem? She's a bitch. So you one of my bosses too? I am. Tommy. And your name is? Dominique. Dominique. So you like working here, Dominique? Yeah, suing was the last thing on her mind. She's just a scared kid. You were right about talking to her. Let me buy you lunch as a thank-you. I can't. I gotta go. Things are blowing up at work. Again. That day in the museum... Mm-hmm. My boss told me not to get distracted. But somehow, when it comes to you... [laughs] Well, then stay. Let's just go. Be alone for a while. I want to, but... Bye, Jamie. [Clicking] 
 
 We thought we'd shift our focus. Anibal Santalises is a Primera  of the Sangre Fuerte set of Hamanos Tainos. Came onto our radar because last week he received a special delivery. Severed human foot. sh1t. What are you talking about? You sat on this for a week? My contact just got back to me. This has Lobos written all over it. That's pure speculation. My contacts on the street believe that Ruiz got sent an appendage too. We know Ruiz is connected to Lobos, so maybe Anibal is too. This is ridiculous. I didn't authorize this. I did. It's speculation, but it's worth following up on. Nice work. Could Frankie and I have the room? I really wish you told me you authorized this. I need to be in the loop on this investigation. You're here. You're officially in all loops. Let me ask you this. What is your goal here? I don't know what you mean. You see? I gave you an opportunity to say, "the successful prosecution of Felipe Lobos." You're not here to beat Saxe or Medina. We're here together, all of us, to put a f*cking drug dealer in jail. Any move that gets us closer to that result is the best move, right? Right. And with Nomar, you have anything new? That's what I thought. Ready? Thanks. Flat feet are a bitch. You're lucky you got your mama's. So you got any news from that doctor you been seeing? Nothing new. Well, what'd he say? No improvement. The treatment didn't work. My knee's busted for good. Then find another doctor. It's only been six months. I gotta face it, pops. I can't ball anymore. So you gotta face it too. So what you doing instead? I got a new job. Driving Uncle G. And he says hey, by the way. When you get out, he's got a whole franchise all ready for you. I always... I always knew this day would come, man. He treat you right? Yeah, he does. He keeps telling me about you too... what you taught him, how close y'all were. I guess I got a lot to learn. Listen, if you ever need to talk about some sh1t going down, some sh1t you can't tell Ghost... Burner. Guards keep me stoed. I know you gonna do me proud, son. Move! Let's go. Let's go, let's go, let's go. Help the f*ck out, or f*ck the f*ck off. All right. What, do you think we're hosting a party here this morning? Nah, I'm f*cking the doughnut chick. And you get free doughnuts? sh1t, yeah. As many as I want. Think I could bang her too? [Laughter] Let's go. Usual drop? No doubt. All right, bet. Doughnuts are good, man. Man, you and those f*cking doughnuts, dog. [Tires screech] Get out of the f*cking car, now. Hands up. Put it down. Put it down. You too, get the f*ck out. By the wall. Let's go. All right, man, hey, calm the f*ck down, all right? Shut the f*ck up. Turn around. I just want the van. Nobody's got to get hurt. That's not the way I see it. The way I see it, you're gonna get hurt real bad, unless you tell me what I need to know. Has Nomar Arcielo called in? He hasn't answered my... Agent Knox's last few attempts to make contact. Of course he recognizes the number. He's ignoring us on purpose. Nomar, call in now. f*ck this. f*ck protocol. [Phone ringing] Yeah. Got the guy. Victor's got the product. Okay, we need a name, who sent him, how they knew where to find us. Uh-uh. I'm on it. You don't got Shawn with you, do you? Nope. All right. I know you liked popping his cherry on the wet work in the warehouse, but I want you to lay off for a while. And I want you to move that Dominique girl to the VIP section at the club. She's good. Good at what? I told you not to touch the merchandise, Tommy. [Phone beeps] [Chuckles] Ghost, we need to talk. I got to get to the club, babe. [Whimpering] Big surprise. You want to know what's going on? I'm trying to find the dealer that sold that girl the bad sh1t that almost killed her, so we can turn him over to the cops. So now you're a snitch? That's what you take from all that? [Crying] Daddy. It's okay, baby. It's okay. I got a business to run... we keep the cops happy, which keeps 'em off our backs, that's it. As long as I've known you, you ain't never been worried about keeping no cops happy. You want to do this right now? Nah, I don't. Okay, baby. Come on, honey. Come on, let's go find big mama. I got some business to take care of. Every time I say something like, "tell me who you're working for," I feel like I'm in an old movie, you know? It's like f*cking Al Capone over here. Capone? That's right. Hey, hey. [Groans] Who's your favorite gangster of all time? Luciano? Escobar, right? Everybody loves the classics. [Spits] [Grunts] Okay, then. Tell me who you're working for, or we're gonna have a little fun. [Laughter] [Whistles] Hola. [Kissing] [Whistles] All I had to do was look for the closest Catholic school to your house. You know I've been looking for you. [Humming] Stop. Hey, yo, Tommy, man, come on, dog. What are you doing? [Humming] [Screaming] Give him another second. [Groaning] What were you supposed to do with the van once you got it off us? I was supposed to drive it to a parking lot in Brooklyn, park it, and walk away. Who was supposed to pick it up? [Humming] Hey, yo, man, talk. You got ten seconds. One, two, three, four... Five, six, seven... [Grunts] [Screaming] Okay, okay. [Crying] Okay, okay, okay. [Groaning] She said... She? It was a woman? Sh... she says we were doing it for some guy. I don't know his name. Then say good-bye to your little friend. You see what I did there? Scarface. You should've laughed, m*therf*cker. She called him El Gordo. That's Anibal. Este hombre... You're right. I am a bruja with a badge. You keep f*cking with me, I can shoot you in the street, in cold blood, say it's self-defense. No one will bat a f*cking eye. So you're gonna talk to me about this guy who got a f*cking foot in the mail last week. I need to know what the f*ck is going on, Nomar. I need to know what I'm dealing with. That guy got a foot? I heard Ruiz got a head. According to the victim, our dealer is dark-haired, clean-cut, tall... Basically your average pinstripe prick. His first name is Scott. All right, here's the deal. We need everybody to keep their eyes open. Everyone. Ladies, if you catch this piece of sh1t in action selling this bullshit in here, you hand him over to me, and I hand you back a big, fat bonus check. Double a night's pay. [Overlapping chatter] Oh, and do whatever it takes. There are no rules. You heard him. All right, let's get to work. Open the doors... Do whatever it takes, huh? Guess you haven't changed after all. We need to talk. Now. Tasha, whatever's gotten into you, we're gonna talk about it at home. This is my place of business. Your business is the only place I can get your attention. I went to the bank. I saw the vault. Did you think I wouldn't notice? Did you think I wouldn't notice what you took? I had to use that money to open the club. It had to be a cashier's check from our legit account. Couldn't give the state liquor m*therf*cker a stack of hundreds covered in coke dust. And truth is, Tasha, it's my money. Don't you dare start that sh1t, Ghost. I helped you earn every goddamn penny. You could've told me up front how much this club would cost. You could've said something. But you sent me into that bank like Boo-Boo the fool don't know sh1t about what you're doing. You saw how much money we got in there. We ain't in no danger of going broke. It ain't about the money. Since when do you lie to me? Since when do you hide sh1t? I didn't think you'd understand. Why don't you try me? I'm a smart girl, remember? I'm doing this for us. It's our escape plan. Escape from what? I don't know any old, wrankled drug dealers. They're either dead or inside, Tasha. That doesn't scare you? No. Because they're not you. They're not as good as you. This club is the dream. We can get out. We can have it all. We already have it all. You, me, the kids. The way things are now, it is my dream. [Knock on door] I think we got him, boss. Scott. I gotta go, Tasha. [Hip-hop music] ♪ Like it when you drodown low ♪ He fits the physical description, is preying on the same type of girl. Already checked his I.D. swipe. He was here that night. No sh1t. Did he sell any product yet? Nope. All right, well, as soon as he does, we'll grab him. All right. Hold on. What's up? The kid talked. You better get your ass out here. Yeah. I got to go, man. You got to go? I got to go. Well, what do you want me to do? Holly, I want you keep your eye on that prick. Try to get him to sell to you. I'm on it. Call me. Soon as he makes a move, call me. Got it. ♪ But I just might tip, throw some hundreds in her face ♪ 
♪ tell her, this is for the stage ♪ 
♪ baby, by the way, I'm really digging you frame ♪ He wouldn't tell me who he was working for. Now we know. Okay. You wake me up, drag me out my house, for what? You hire this m*therf*cker to boost my product? f*ck no. I never seen him before. You told me you didn't know nothing about us getting hit, Anibal, you said it to my face. We're hearing a different story from crispy beef here. Turns out you were behind it the whole f*cking time. Yo, why the f*ck would I do that? Yo, Ghost, you know me, man. I thought I did. Yo. You gonna do me like this on the word of this m*therf*cker? Get on your f*cking knees. People have a funny way of telling the truth when you light 'em on fire. Nighty night, Anibal. Yo, Ghost, you know that if I'm gonna f*cking step to you, I'ma use my best men. This m*therf*cker ain't Taino. Yo, I'm being set up. Yo, I swear on my kids, man. We're wasting time. Do him. Tommy, if you hire a hitter to pull off a job like this, you gotta make sure it's someone good. Miguel hid the sh1t and then talked, this kid broke. Yeah, well, I learn from my mistakes. Maybe. Julito, wake him the f*ck up, and ask him again how he got the job. Hey, hey, hey. Wake the f*ck up. Hey. Yo, boss? Yo, this m*therf*cker's dead. I thought I cooked him medium rare. I swear I didn't do nothing, yo. Rolla wants my corners. That's f*cking bullshit. Ruiz hates me 'cause I'm Dominican. Shoot this m*therf*cker! I ain't gonna kill a Primera There's your proof! Think, Tommy. If Anibal's being set up here, so are we, to start a f*cking war. I got another plan. We shut everything down. What? We have us a meeting. I sit across the table, I look all those M*therf*ckers in the eye, and I find out who's hitting me, once and for all. Until then, no one gets product. Spread the f*cking word. Ghost. Ghost, we can't just shut down the wholesale business. We can't just let fat Albert go. We can do anything we want to do. We need proof, Tommy. But if I find out it was Anibal all along, I promise you, I'll cut his throat myself. You didn't call. The girl was on him all night. He never dealt. Look, if the cops call, we play nice. Grabbing the dealer was icing. It'll all work out. Good news, we made upwards of 80k tonight. Pretty f*cking great. [Sighs] Hey, Holly. Can I get you a cab? Yes, please. [Horn honks] You want a ride home? I just spent nine hours in 6-inch heels, so... getting down on my knees ain't gonna happen. It's not like that, Holly. Mm, you took the trouble to learn my name. You impressed? Nope. When was the last time you asked a girl out on a real date? Do you even know how? Can I take you to get some breakfast, Holly? Good night. Boss. [Sighs] Bunch of calls went out late last night. Connect called a meeting. You got a name for the connect? Mm-mm. What kind of meeting? I was inside with a Taino soldier a few years ago. He owes me one. He says your guy, Anibal, don't know if he called the meeting, but he's gonna be there for sure. Are you happy now? Yes, I'm happy. I need you to find out when and where this meeting's gonna be. Nomar Arcielo confirmed that Ruiz, Anibal, and other members of Lobos' New York network will be convening at the distributor's behest. So Anibal is involved? We'll know how exactly when we get the when and where of the meeting. My C.I. is on it. You mean Agent Knox's C.I. Nomar's been responsive to Angela, so she's been accompanying me on meet-ups, like the one this morning. Turns out Nomar likes the bad cop. Go figure. We catch the distributor at this meeting, flip him on Lobos, nice little package for Collins, all wrapped up with a bow. Great work, you two. Thank you for covering for me. Nomar knows your real name. How hard would it be to find out where you work, where you live? I have a gun. Oh, f... what, you... you have permission to have it at the office or time to use it when he busts through your front door? Maybe I should stay at your place for a while, until this is... I'll be careful. Okay. I promise. I gotta write this report, so where did we meet Nomar? [Phone vibrates] So how long before you have to split? I'm good. Yeah. [Laughs] I had a good morning at work, so I'm rewarding myself with these fries and with you. So tell me what happened. A play-by-play of my meeting? Mm-hmm. Hmm, you better get more coffee to stay awake. [Laughs] That bad, huh? What about you? Did you catch that dealer? Days like yesterday, Angie, I mean... sh1t. Makes me wonder if I'm kidding myself doing all this. All what? All of it, everything. All the choices I've made to get here. Listen, hmm? I don't know what's involved in running a club, but I know that at my job, let's just say, one day I'm the hero, the next day I'm knee-deep in sh1t. [Laughs] That's exactly how I feel. That doesn't mean I give up, you know? Some people get everything handed to them on a platter. All they have to do is count their money. Mm. That's never been me. No one's ever bought me diamonds or paid my rent. [Laughs] I bought myself a bracelet once. Some guy got one for Paz, but I couldn't afford the real version. Turned my whole arm green. [Laughs] But I wore it till it fell apart. I've always done everything for myself, like you. We got ourselves where we are. It gets lonely. Lonely. [Laughs] Not everybody understands us, Jamie. Guess that's why I'm sitting here right now with you, Angie. Angie Valdes. You don't feel lonely now, do you? No. [Laughs] I think maybe this time I did. No, you did. Yeah, maybe. [Sighs] What happens now? I don't know. But I'm not letting you go again. I'll call you. You better. Here, take this. [Horn honks] My pops said hello. Yeah? How was it seeing him? Fine. Maybe good. He's been in since I was nine, and I always hated him for it. But after today, I feel guilty. I'm out here on easy street, doing whatever I wanted. But now that I'm working with you, I see my dad differently. Sure, maybe he's not perfect, but he's my father. [Chuckles] I mean, isn't that what you meant? You know what, I need to make a stop. Head uptown. [Engine starts] You're home early. You lied to me, Ghost. These don't make up for sh1t. Give 'em back, then. Yasmine's down for her nap. Keep an eye on her. [Choking] Tasha! [Choking] What is it? What is it? Baby, baby. Give me. What is it? [Screaming] You're okay. She's okay, she's okay. You're okay, you're okay. Hey, it's okay, she's okay. You're okay. What the hell is that in her mouth? [Crying] It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay, baby. It's okay. It's okay. I got you. I got you. It's all right. [Crying] It's all right. You Angela Valdes? Sign here, please. My God. Oh, my... Shh. We're fine. I got you. [Sighs] I'm here. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 