Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x06 - Why Her? - Power 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x06 - Why Her? https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=318&t=19535 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 07/19/15 09:21 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x06 - Why Her? 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Cesar, my code isn't working. Can you just let me upstairs? 
 If you're not on the visitors' list and you don't have the code, I have to call up like I would with anyone else. 
 Tasha, what the f*ck are you doing? 
 I'm so glad Mrs. St. Patrick enjoyed her massage at Eden Roc. 
 LaKeisha was a mistake. 
 But I know that this isn't. 
 You convinced those fuckheads that Tommy is Ghost. 
 You're protecting James. 
 What? 
 I want out of this and I want Tommy out of this. 
 Yeah, you make that happen or I go in there and tell your partners that you're f*cking the real Ghost. 
 [ sobbing ] 
 So, baby, how was work? 
 ♪ They say this is a big rich town ♪ 
♪ I just come from the poorest part ♪ 
♪ Bright lights, city life, I got to make it ♪ 
♪ This is where it goes down ♪ 
♪ I just happen to come up hard ♪ 
♪ Legal or illegal, baby, I gotta make it ♪ 
♪ I never took a straight path nowhere ♪ 
♪ Life's full of twists and turns, bumps and bruises ♪ 
♪ I live, I learn, I'm from that city ♪ 
♪ Full of yellow cabs and skyscrapers ♪ 
♪ It's hard to get a start in these parts without paper ♪ 
♪ Homie, I grew up in hell, a block away from heaven ♪ 
♪ That corner, every 15 minutes it move a seven ♪ 
♪ Pure snow, bag it, then watch it go ♪ 
♪ Occupational options, get some blow or some hos ♪ 
♪ Shoot the bowl or the strap, learn to rap or to jack ♪ 
♪ f*ck it, man, in the meantime go ahead and pump a pack ♪ 
♪ This my regal royal flow, my James Bond bounce ♪ 
♪ That 007, that 62 on my count ♪ 
♪ I'm an undercover liar, I lie under the covers ♪ 
♪ Look a bitch in the eyes and tell her, "Baby, I love you ♪ 
♪ You're my inspiration, you're my motivation ♪ 
♪ You're the reason that I'm moving with no hesitation" ♪ 
♪ They say this is a big rich town ♪ 
♪ Yeah ♪ 
♪ I just come from the poorest part ♪ 
♪ Bright lights, city life, I got to make it ♪ 
♪ This is where it goes round ♪ 
♪ Yeah ♪ 
♪ I just happen to come up hard ♪ 
♪ Legal or illegal, baby, I got to make it ♪ 
 So how do you know James? 
 It was pretty hot that night at Truth. 
 Looked like you were having a pretty good time. 
 Up against the wall is always sick. 
 Holly. We need to focus. 
 What would those assholes at your job think if they knew you were f*cking a drug dealer? 
 Those assholes are lawyers. 
 They're not gonna think anything without proof. 
 And I haven't seen any proof from you that James St. Patrick is Ghost. 
 We're running out of time. 
 Have you ever seen James do anything illegal with your own eyes? 
 No, but Tommy's told me about a lot of stuff he's done. 
 Hearsay. Doesn't count in a court of law. 
 If you can't come up with something better than that, I'm not gonna be able to help Tommy. 
 He's going to get indicted, Holly. 
 He's going to go to jail. 
 Okay... maybe I never saw James commit a crime, but I did see him with a gun once. 
 When? Where? 
 Uh, one night James came to Tommy's loft. 
 He was spooked. They were whispering. 
 I couldn't hear everything that was said, Tommy was supposed to hide it for him. What kind of gun was it? I don't know anything about that kind of sh1t. It had that long part on the front. A silencer? I guess. When was this? Do you remember anything from that night? A show on TV? The weather? Anything? It was the night of the big snowstorm. Have you ever heard of a guy named Rolla? Sorry, no. If I find that gun, will you believe me? And Tommy can walk? If you find that gun, I'll believe you. Good to have you on board, brother. This is a one-time thing until Milan is back up and running. Don't be so f*cking sure you want to go back to the cannibal. [ man groans ] I didn't know you had company. [ whips ] [ groaning ] You have this wrong. We did not go against you. We no steal from you. Lying piece of sh1t. If we came for you, we would claim it proudly. We would not hide behind masks. [ spits ] It is true. You're usually stupid enough to brag about your own mistakes. But only an Albanian would call me a gypsy and then be foolish enough to think he could walk away. Please, don't. Shut this m*therf*cker up. Kid's got more stories than Walt Disney. [ squeaking ] Please, no. Speaking of masks... this will teach you to cover your face. [ breathing heavily ] [ groaning ] Oh, sh1t! [ laughing ] [ screaming ] Oh, sh1t. Uncle G. Maybe I should... I don't know this guy. The Serb is Tommy's friend. Maybe you should get going. I'll catch a ride back with Tommy. And call your father. Find out where he is, all right? Got you. Guy brings him a duck, he said, "No, where's the crow at?" There he is. Vladimir, meet Ghost. Ghost, meet Vlad, our new partner. Please forgive the mess. Hate for this to be the first impression we give to your organization. Well, we all experience problems at some point, right, Vladimir? Part of the game we play. We're just glad that we could be there in your time of need. We want you to join us for a meeting tomorrow. Want you to know the people who'll be moving product through your territory so you don't accidently beef with them on the streets. I will be there. Good. As I told Thomas, I hope you understand that this is only temporary until my distributor is ready to start back up. Fully aware. But after working with us, you may decide it should be a permanent arrangement. That is, of course, if your security is under control. You can rest assured that your product will be safe in our territory. In fact, I thought you might like to watch me repay my debt. The Albanians take the life of one of my men. I do the same to them. [ groaning ] Unless you'd rather. You are my guest. Didn't bring a change of clothes. [ laughs ] Well, then... [ buzzing ] He cut that m*therf*cker up like it was nothing. No sh1t, like it was nothing. He don't give two sh1ts about a dead Albanian. These M*therf*ckers fight all the time. Bringing the hostage in front of me, taking my f*cking gun, every move was a show of power. He's not gonna be easy to control, Tommy. And I don't know how he's gonna get along or play with the others at this meet-up. By the way, you let all them know? I told Dre already. I'll tell the others when I talk to them today. You're hanging pretty tight with this Dre kid. What you know about him? All I need to know. He stood tall with that Serb sh1t. Kept a cool head, only used his gun when it mattered, and a dead shot when he pulled the trigger. He killed the m*therf*cker that shot Ruiz's guy Poncho. Far as I'm concerned, the kid's 100. Kanan spoke for him and he was right, like always. Okay, but leave the kid out of this meeting. With Kanan out of town, we should have Dre there to represent. No, he's too young to sit with the big dogs quite yet. He gaps off, Tommy, we're at war with that crazy Serbian m*therf*cker. Bring the kid into the inner circle when his big brother's there to chaperone. [ bell rings ] [ chatter ] Mrs. Baker said that we did... Tariq is usually very smart, polite, and disciplined. Thank you. That's good to hear. So you can understand my concern with his suddenly acting so out of character. Is he having any behavioral problems at home? No, not at all. Tariq mentioned that your husband hasn't been staying at home. Domestic transition can affect children in ways we can't see. My kids are fine. My family is fine. Of course they are. Boys need their fathers. Maybe your husband could talk with him. If he's available. Thank you, Ms. Chambers. I didn't realize my donation paid for all this concern. I had dinner the other night with a friend in Homeland. Felipe Lobos's name came across their desk. It turns out that Lobos's long-running dispute with the Jimenez Cartel in Mexico has turned deadly and Lobos is on the move. Now, word is is that he's looking to secure as much capital as he can. Federales think he's gonna be in New York within a week or two, so I'm guessing he's gonna hook up with his distributor, Ghost. To pick up his money in person so he doesn't have to go back to Mexico. That's smart. With hard dollars, he can hide from the Jimenez anywhere he wants. Or buy enough soldiers to win the war against him. If we want Lobos, now would be the time to set a trap. If we got Lobos in town engaging in a possible drug deal, we can get him and Ghost. It's a win-win. We can see if Egan's our guy once and for all or if that was just bullshit. This is really great work, Knox. I'd like to move efforts into finding out where and when this meeting will take place. Right. Hey, real quick. The other night after we talked to Egan's girlfriend, I saw you leave the building and you looked a little upset. Were you okay? Problems with Paz, as usual. Oh. I was thinking about coming by your place, actually. Were you home? Yep. Just went home and went to bed early. Oh, okay. So you're good, then? _ I'm good. Jamie, I was thinking... Angela. I'm sorry, just a lot on my mind. Go ahead. No, you. Um... it's Tariq. He got suspended today for fighting. Has that ever happened before? Never. You know, he's not like that. He's a good kid. It's like he's changing right before me and I'm not there to help him. Or worse... it's because I'm not there to help him. Jamie, I don't want to f*ck up your kids. You're not. Stop. I made this choice to be with you and it's the right choice. I'll figure out how to help him. I mean, you know, Tommy would stop by if he could, but... Where is Tommy? He's with his girlfriend, the redhead. Remember I told you? Mm, I remember. Besides, I thought we agreed to not talk about him, right? Something about needing a new topic? Unless, of course, there's something I need to know. No. Anything I need to know? No. [ phone buzzing ] [ door opens, closes ] [ whistles ] 'Sup, sexy? What you looking for? Wine opener. So, you never told me where you were the other day. I didn't hear you come in. I wake up, you're right next to me like f*cking Batman and sh1t. I had some thinking to do... about us. I said I was sorry about that Julio thing. I'm here, aren't I? Where were you all day? I was out with Ghost making us money. Listen, when you and Ghost are working, I want you to be careful, okay? If you ever got hurt or arrested, I don't know what I'd do without you. Aw, I'm too smart to get shot. [ scoffs ] Thanks. No problem. And I'm too smart to get caught. Prison is for assholes. That's what I thought till I was arrested a few times. I thought they changed my first name to Defendant. Ooh, I bet the guards loved seeing you walk their way. I wouldn't have minded getting you as a fish. I would have stripped you down... naked, order you to the ground, and then I would f*ck you in front of that whole place. Let everybody know that you're mine. You're mine. You know that, right? I don't belong to anybody. No, you're mine. [ laughs ] Just like I said. You're not gonna hurt me, are you, Officer? Not unless you ask nice. [ vibrating ] Come here. Now, I know most of you all know each other. But for those of you that don't, on Ghost's right is Ruiz. He runs the Soldado Nation out of Boogie Down. The man in red is Drifty. Him and the Haitians run North Jersey. And on my left is Vladimir and the Serbs. They hold down Staten Island  and the Lower East Side. Aren't we missing someone? Kanan and Dre, who run the old RSK territory in Queens, couldn't be here. You expect us to be here. They get to call in sick? Don't matter what the f*ck they do. This meeting is about what each and every one of us is gonna do going forward. Now you've all been given extra product on consignment. Ruiz has re-upped, a few of you haven't. I'm here to let you know the due date's been pushed up, so now I'm pushing. How the hell do you expect us to push more product faster? We ain't making rockets, Drift. We slinging dope. Junkies want their fix regardless. So you M*therf*ckers need to keep your people out on them corners 24/7. Pushing the tempo like this might cause us to step on each other's toes. Gentlemen, the purpose of this meeting was to introduce you all and outline territory. Now, the last I checked, this New York City. Take as much f*cking territory as you want, just not from each other. What if the issue is outside this room? If one of you at this table has a problem, that problem belongs to us all. We make more money together than apart. If you ain't trying to do that, you and your crew should step off now. Very well. Tommy here will contact you about pickups. Let's get paid. Plane? Something about a plane, right? That was the Federales. Lobos's plane took off without him on it. Left the airstrip, no idea where he is. He's probably travelling by land to meet the plane somewhere. It's pretty smart. So Lobos is officially on the move. On his way here. [ phone buzzes ] Going out? My dad has a doctor's appointment. If Mike asks, I'll be back this afternoon. Bye, Greg. P-M-5 4-3-5-9. P-M-5 4-3-5-9. What the f*ck? Did you find it someplace Tommy'll notice it's missing? I don't think so. It was pretty buried. Pass it to me. Under the table. What? This isn't the gun that killed Rolla. It's not? Rolla was shot with a Walther. This is a Smith & Wesson. I told you, I don't know sh1t about guns. Give it back. Give it the f*ck back. Is there anywhere else you haven't looked? Sure, but I have to be careful he doesn't catch me. If you can't find it, we'd better find another way. You could ask him about Rolla. I could wire you up. Wear a wire around Tommy? Are you out of your mind? [ scoffs ] Besides, he doesn't let me keep my clothes on long enough to wear a wire anyway. We could make your phone into a recording device. You could leave it out, get him talking. Why do I get the feeling that you're more freaked out  about this than I am? Why do you want James to be Ghost so badly? I just want the truth. You want to know if he's a good guy or bad guy so you can decide if you should keep f*cking him. But be real. Who wants to f*ck a good guy? Okay, fine. But if I don't prove James is Ghost, Tommy's gonna take the hit. See you here tomorrow night with the gun... something, anything I can work with. See you here at 10:00. Tasha, hey. What are you doing down here? Everything okay? Yeah, um, you dropped the kids off with Ghost. Were they okay? Well, yeah. No, they seemed pretty happy to see him. [ scoffs ] It's just... it's just hard to believe this is what things are like now. Look... I know things are complicated. But I just want you to know that I'm here for you. I mean you and the kids, if you need me. Hmm. Thanks. You know, we're not like any other family. If I'm gonna be... alone, I don't just have to take care of these kids, I'm gonna have to protect them, too. Shawn, I need you to take me somewhere. There's something I gotta do. [ barks ] f*ck. [ whimpers ] [ grunts ] [ shell casing clinks ] Dang. Remind me never to get on your bad side. [ soft laugh ] Where'd you learn to shoot like that, anyway? Ghost taught me. He's been good for a few things. Here, you go ahead. You take a shot. Kanan never showed you how to shoot? Nah, he wasn't like that with me. All right, put the gun down. [ laughs ] Let's take off your jacket. This is gonna be your lesson for the day. [ laughs ] All right? Okay. Pick up the gun. Make sure to keep your hand off the trigger. Be very careful. Okay. Okay, hold it straight, all right? All right. Now, nice and tight. Put pressure here and aim. Anticipate the kickback. Don't flinch. [ both laugh ] Stop laughing. I'm sorry. I'm gonna need more practice if I'm gonna be as good as you, all right? Yes, it's okay. I'm gonna help you. Come on. Just make sure you hold it nice and tight right here, okay? And, um, you got this. It's all you. Good. All right, um, I better get going. The kids'll be home soon. [ elevator dings ] ...like his music. [ laughs ] All right, you guys get going. I know you got homework to do. You staying for dinner, Dad? Ghost : I know things are confusing right now with your mother and I living apart. Raina : When are you coming home? Big Mama says you're not. Come here. Look at me. I don't have a day or time on that, okay, baby girl? But I do know that we're still a family. We are one big family. Don't you forget that. And your mother and I love you two and Yasmine the same as we always did, all right? Trust me. You trust me? Yes. [ kisses ] I love you, baby girl. Raina : Love you, too. I know things are rough right now, but it doesn't give you the right to go to school and hit somebody. You listening to me, boy? Yeah, I heard you. You said you're not staying. Hey. Hey. Thanks for bringing them home. Kids, go ahead. Go get ready for dinner, okay? So, uh, I had that talk with Tariq. I don't know if I got through, but I'll try again. This thing, Tasha, it's hard on them. Yeah, well, I went through it. They'll be fine. I'll make sure they're fine. We'll make sure they're fine. I was thinking maybe, uh, I can stay for dinner. I don't want to confuse the kids. Maybe next week. Sure. You mind if I get a couple items? Go ahead. Sure. Thanks, Tasha. Mm-hmm. [ phone buzzes ] [ items clattering ] So, things seem to be rockin' pretty smooth since the meet. It was a good meeting. You heard from Lobos about a date for the drop? No, but I know it's soon. What about Angela? You talk to her? Ghost, eat something. I haven't gotten anything out of her. She won't mention anything and there's no new files in her crib, nothing. Mm, well... keep an eye on her. Don't forget, no matter how tight that pussy is, she's still the enemy. You told Holly we'd be here? Oh, sh1t. She's been itching to get out of the house. I thought we'd be done by now. Hey, babe. Hi. Mm. You're early. James, didn't realize you'd be joining us. Funny, I wasn't expecting you either, Holly. Tommy : You want some wine? You got anything stronger? What, like a Scotch? That'd be great. Where's our f*cking waiter? Out back. You stay put here. I'll track him down. 
 
 The f*ck you still doing here, huh? He's been so nice lately, I haven't been able to pick a goddamn fight. Don't even try to play me, Holly. I'm warning you, leave tonight. I need more time. Nope, time's up. I told you, you gonna leave one way or the other. Fine. I need the money and the train ticket. Meet me at Truth. Be there at 10:00 when we open. Then I never want to see your face again. Here you are. You outta here? Oh, yeah, I'm up. I figured I'd leave you two lovebirds alone, you know? Give you some time to enjoy your lady. All right. Peace out, bro. Peace out, brother. [ quietly ] I'll catch you later, too. [ kisses ] Hey, man, you can dead all that Spanish sh1t when I'm around, man. I like knowing what people are saying. Then you should learn "el Spanish." You're gonna need it in a few years anyway. This is our country now. What's up, man? How you feelin'? [ chuckles ] Been better, man. But you killed the m*therf*cker who shot me. Yeah, I clipped him. I won't forget,  hermano.  Appreciate that. I won't forget it, either. But I thought I'd do you a favor, let you know that Ghost and Tommy had a meeting with the whole group. You weren't invited. Now, the way I see it, you stood up the other night. There's no doubt about that,  hermano. So it's not about you. Who could it be that Ghost doesn't trust? Tell me about that guy Kanan you work for. I owe him a debt. Hmm, Ghost and Tommy have their own way of doing things. I like the independence and the product... can't complain. But bringing in the Serbian? Whoo. [ shudders ] I'm not sure. Kanan wants to be in business with Ghost and Tommy? He knows 'em from way back. He's loyal. So am I. And we respect that. I just want you to know that from now on, you need anything, Soldado Nation has your back. Not Kanan. You. Red! I'm back! Come here. I got something for you. What? Did you steal this from somebody? No, I'm not you. It's my grandmother's. My ma used to hock it all the time when I was growing up. But she always bought it back. Does she know you're giving it to me? No. You like it? You see? It's like I was saying before... now everybody'll know that you're mine. Are you saying that you wanna... No, I... I mean, not... I just meant... not... uh, not now? I just want you to wear it, okay? So it's like a promise ring? Like we're 15? Want me to take it back? No. I love it. I love you. [ phone buzzing ] f*ck. Baby, I gotta go out for a while. Tommy... thank you. Oh, baby. [ laughs ] I'm gonna need some more thanking, so you just... [ groans ] ...hold that thought. Oh... [ door opens, closes ] Tasha : Don't be upset. Shawn : Okay, yeah. I'm... it's not my fault you can't shoot. Hey, everybody's not MacGyver on the first time. You walkin' out the gate shootin' everything. I'm glad I was there because I don't know if you were gonna make it by yourself. Watch, watch. Next time... What? What's gonna happen? Hey, quiet... quiet down. Yasmine is sleeping. Well, thanks for a nice day, Shawn, and for staying for dinner. I think the kids really enjoyed having you over, too. Oh, it was my pleasure. You know I always have a good time with them, so... Yeah, well, they're all tuckered out and ready for sleep. Maybe we all should call it an early night. Right. I'm gonna get going. Night, y'all. Both : Good night. [ elevator dings ] Things getting any better with you and Ghost? He made his choice. He been lurkin' around here like he wants to come back home, Tasha. Maybe you should try and make it work. Where are you gonna find another one like him? Okay, you're defending Ghost now? You kicked him out right into the arms of another woman, Tasha. He's going to be with her. You know what comes next? Marriage, a baby. A whole second family. He will forget all about you. I'm going to bed, Mama. You have no idea what it's like being a single mother. How hard it is. And that boy you're playing with ain't gonna help you either. [ laughs ] Maybe he can rotate your tires, but he ain't gonna help you raise these kids. Even if I have to do it by myself, I'll do a better job than you ever did. What... You think you so big and bad you don't need nobody, Tasha? You ain't strong or smart enough to do this alone. You think you gonna spend the night in my house after that? Yes, I do. 'Cause who else gonna help feed and change the baby while you make breakfast for the twins tomorrow morning? Good night, Tasha. [ door closes ] [ door opens ] [ footsteps approach ] I see you came to your senses. You didn't give me much of a choice, now, did you? Your money, new ID, and train ticket. You stole Tommy's grandmother's ring? Yeah. I guess I did. Wow. I'll let you keep it. That way, when Tommy realizes it's missing, he'll know what you really are. Come on, I promised you a ride to the train station. ♪ I know it hurts ♪ 
♪ You know ♪ 
♪ I'd quench that thirst ♪ ♪ I can treat you better than the... ♪ ♪ You say you're lonely ♪ ♪ I say you'll think about it ♪ 
♪ 'Cause you're the only ♪ 
♪ One who resonates that chaste mouth ♪ 
♪ Open like high ♪ 
♪ Higher than a m*therf*cker, dreaming of it ♪ 
♪ It's my lovin', high ♪ 
♪ Flying like a stream of thunder ♪ 
♪ All new ways that you hover, high ♪ 
♪ Only thing that says it, give me two weeks ♪ 
♪ You won't recognize me ♪ 
♪ Open, you're high ♪ Ghost : Burning the midnight oil. Come on, man, we've had a good night. Partake. Stern wants all the key numbers in his hands first thing in the morning. He's working you hard. Stern is a tougher boss than me. [ Ghost chuckles ] Well... I get it. You're loyal. That's what I always liked about you. Appreciate that. You know, this... this whole thing's a little weird for me, right? Can't say I ever saw us getting to this point. Yeah, but you're handling it like a pro. I appreciate that. Too bad Stern wouldn't notice. Hmm, well, you know, he runs a big business, man. There's no way he can keep a close eye on every person that works for him. [ chuckles ] Good luck. But it's not the club that's got him so out of it. Personal sh1t? I've already said too much. What's the big deal? He's not here, is he? The room's not miked. He can't hear us. Shoot. He and Madeline are getting a divorce. No sh1t? Stern hasn't been the most faithful of husbands, if you know what I mean. [ laughs ] No sh1t. Yeah, he says she's really pissed. It's gonna be really expensive and really nasty. Why do you think he's been out of the country so much? [ quietly ] Hiding his assets. [ phone buzzing ] Hold that thought, Kantos. I need to take this. I'll give you some privacy. Thanks for the drink. You got it. [ buzzing continues ] [ door opens, closes ] We still on for tonight? I'm sorry, Jamie, no. A pile of work just landed in my lap. You know you keep telling me not to worry, you don't want to talk about it, but when you say you got a pile of work, how can I not think it's about Tommy, Angie? You know I can't tell you anything about the case against him. I've said too much already. It's too damn late. How am I supposed to trust you if you can't trust me? I did trust you. That's how we got into this mess in the first place. Did? What? Did, past tense. You said you  did  trust me. What... don't read into that. It's just complicated. Yeah, it's very complicated, Angela, especially when we can't see each other. You mean when we can't meet up to have s*x. No, that's not what I mean. [ glass clinks ] Jamie, maybe we should... What? I don't know. Take a break until this whole Tommy thing blows over. Angie, come on, no. We'll work it out. Look, this is not a conversation we should have over the phone anyway, okay? What time do you get home? I don't know. I'll call you tomorrow. Good night. Good night. [ sighs ] [ phone beeps ] [ line rings ] Holly's voice : This is Holly. You know what to do. [ beeps ] Holly, you didn't show tonight. I need to know where you are. Call me back. Tommy : Yo, G? Yeah? The Serb is still asking a lot of questions. Tommy, yeah, I told you, man. We just gotta stay a couple of steps ahead of this m*therf*cker, that's all. Now, Vlad didn't say he knew it was us. Yeah. But I think we better watch our backs. You know what I'm saying? All right, bet. All right, I'll hit you up tomorrow. Later. Late. [ tires screech ] [ crashes ] Angela, I think we should prepare to go for an arrest warrant on Egan. I want you to work with Knox and swear out an affidavit with the judge. Saxe will go apeshit. Saxe will handle Lobos if we get him. You do Egan. He's your suspect. You get to go to the hoop. And I just got something else that could help. 27th Precinct just called. You flagged Tommy Egan's associates in the NYPD database? I did. Well, they just arrested one of them and saw your note to call us. James St. Patrick. Wow. Guess I better go down there and check that out. No, you stay. I'll go. If that's okay with you, Mike. Either way. If they've got something good on him, let's see if he'll talk for a walk, okay? Right. I'm fine. f*ck fine. You are not fine. Were you drinking? I wasn't drunk, okay? [ scoffs ] I needed some information on Stern. I needed to loosen Kantos' tongue. It worked. Does this look like it worked to you? Tasha, I wasn't drunk, okay? Okay. Did I want a ride to the station? Yes, so I could give myself a little extra time. Now the blood test will come back good and we can go home. What's up? You called her? Looking for James St. Patrick. Down the hall, second door to your right. I... I don't know how she knew. Officer : Blood test results are back. You were right, Mr. St. Patrick. Turns out you weren't over the legal limit. Mm, so I'm free to go home? Uh, yeah. Assume your wife's gonna give you a ride? I sure am. [ engine turns off ] Why her? Tasha, don't... No, seriously, why her? I've known Angela since we were kids. I never thought I'd see her again. Then she came in the club one night. Wait... so, wait the f*ck... so you broke up our entire family over a chick from high school? I'm telling you, I never got over her. What the f*ck was I? Good enough? Oh... What, so... what, you settled for me? It's not like that, Tasha. It's exactly like that. Now I see. Now I see why you couldn't leave her alone. It's not the only reason. Angela is a US Attorney. She's a federal prosecutor, specifically drug crimes, and now she's f*cking close to arresting Tommy. [ grunting ] Tash! Tash! Get off of me. She's gonna arrest Tommy. This bitch you brought into our lives is a f*cking cop. I stayed in it. I took her to Miami to watch her, figure out what she knows. And I'm telling you now because her investigation is ramping up. She started to pull away from me. No, she hasn't. I saw the way she looked at you tonight. She loves you. [ chuckles ] She f*cking loves you. I saw the way you looked at her, too. You love her right back. You know, even after she gets Tommy,  she's gonna come for you. And me. What's gonna happen to the kids when we go to jail, Ghost? Hmm? Have you thought about that? I've thought about everything. [ scoffs ] Bullshit. I got to figure out my next move. Keep f*cking her. What? Tasha, I don't even know if that's an option. Oh, I saw the bitch. Trust me. It's an option. Whatever this thing between you two is, it's gonna work in our favor. You're gonna... no,  we're  gonna figure out how to protect our business. How to protect our family. She loves you, so she will protect you. [ chuckles ] She's probably already protecting you in ways you don't even know. So you need to keep her happy. You keep f*cking that bitch until I tell you to stop. [ sirens wailing ] Hey. Hey. Is everything okay? As good as it can be. They released him. I dropped him off at the hotel. So what happened? I really don't want to talk about it tonight, Shawn. Really, I'm sorry. Oh, can you take the car to the shop in the morning? I think we need to replace the bumper. Yeah, no, sure. I'll take a look. Hey, Shawn? [ music playing ] ♪ We come closer ♪ 
♪ Is it real? ♪ 
♪ My heart pounding is all I can feel ♪ 
♪ When you whisper, "Are you there?" ♪ 
♪ I give in like there's nothing to fear ♪ 
♪ I get so lost deep in your touch ♪ 
♪ This is so wrong, but I can't get enough ♪ 
♪ Too hard to see and I'm feeling the rush ♪ 
♪ Take over ♪ 
♪ Rain down on me ♪ 
♪ Just don't let it up, I'll take every drop ♪ 
♪ Rain down on me ♪ 
♪ I can't get enough, hope you never stop ♪ 
♪ Rainin' down on me ♪ 
♪ Just don't let it up, I'll take every drop ♪ 
♪ Rain down on me ♪ 
♪ I can't get enough, hope you never stop ♪ [ line ringing ] [ knock on door ] [ knocking continues ] Hey. Where's Holly Weaver? What are you talking about? What the hell did Tommy do to Holly Weaver? I've been to her apartment, I tracked her phone. I found it in a garbage can on 37th Street. Holly's gone. How do you know Holly? Her name came up in the course of my investigation. Mm, you seem awfully worried for just a name, though. I think your friend Tommy killed her. I'm gonna make sure he pays for it. Tommy didn't kill Holly. How could you possibly know that? They got in a fight. About what, I don't know. Do you? No. I sent her out of town, gave her some money. She's alive. I'm not gonna find her, am I? Depends on whether or not she wants to be found. But now that you're here... you wanna stay? Angie, don't give me that look. I'm a good guy. I helped a girl get out of town that wanted to leave, that's all. Or you got rid of a federal witness. Or you're wrong. You ever thought about that, hmm? What if you're wrong? About everything? [ whispers ] I'm not. Yeah, but... we're not gonna figure that out tonight, are we? Stay awhile. We'll talk about it in the morning. [ door opens, closes ] Where you been? Went for a walk. Baby? What's wrong? Nothing. Just feels good, that's all. Hey. Oh, yeah. One thing is missing. No. Oh, you want me to arrest you again? Nope. My turn. Oh. [ chuckling ] Say, you crazy, baby. Okay, all right. Baby. What do you think about just picking up and starting all over somewhere else? [ laughs ] What? What? Why would you wanna go somewhere else? Everything we want is here. This New York City, baby! I know. But it could be great to be somewhere else where no one knows us. You know, a fresh start? What are you talking about? All our friends are here. Our family. I don't really have any friends. And I don't have any family. Just you. Holly, what's going on? Um... It's okay. Listen. Listen, Tommy, the... the feds called me in for questioning. What the f*ck? They were trying to have me flip on you, but I wouldn't say a f*cking thing about you. I would never do that. You know me. How could you not f*cking tell me about this? I'm trying to, I am. Look, that bitch Angela, the fed that Ghost is f*cking... Yeah? ...told me that if... that if I could help her get Ghost, she would make sure that we would be safe. Safe? What the f*ck are you talking about? Tommy. I can save us by giving them Ghost. When you came in here before, I was looking for the gun that Ghost gave you. Did he... did he kill somebody named Rolla? [ groans ] If we can give them the gun that he used, if we can prove that he'd do that,  you can walk. [ gasps ] f*ck! Get these f*cking cuffs off of me! I'm trying to save us. By, what, ratting out Ghost? Are you out of your f*cking mind? Who do you choose? Ghost or me? Get over here. Get over here now. Oh. [ chuckles ] Holly, where's the f*cking key? You little f*cking thief. Get the f*ck over here with that key now. Get over here, you f*cking bitch! Oh, you f*cking dirty little thief. You f*cking whore! You f*cking... get back here! Holly, get back here, you f*cking bitch! [ groans ] You f*cking c**t! Get back here! Holly, don't you f*cking leave! Holly! 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 