Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x04 - You're the Only Person I Can Trust - Power 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x04 - You're the Only Person I Can Trust https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=318&t=19201 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 06/28/15 05:55 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x04 - You're the Only Person I Can Trust 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on  Power... 
 I have to go to Miami. 
 Alone? 
 Ghost : This is just business. I'm not taking Angela. 
 You get this place running a 20% profit, I'll give you a number. 
 You're telling me you'll sell your stake back to me, no bullshit? 
 I guess Boy Wonder's not wrapped around your finger as tight as you thought. Damn, he's fine. 
 Ghost : Tommy moved Holly into his place,  and what's worse is this fool  told this girl about our business. 
 I need you to talk QDubs off the fence. 
 You want me to be your wingman, I'll go with you. I don't care. 
 Yo, f*ck you, you bitch-ass nigga. 
 [ gunshots ] 
 Greg : This blue Mustang was photographed the same day we recorded the distributor. 
 Tommy Egan may actually be our Ghost after all. 
 I'm an Assistant United States Attorney. 
 You're asking me to testify against Tommy? 
 It might be the only way to save your dream. 
 The girl who shot up the club is hiding in Little Havana. 
 All you gotta do is follow Ghost to Baby Girl, 
 shut her mouth before he does. 
 [ moans ] 
 Who hired you, Rolla? 
 You dumb m*therf*cker. 
 No. 
 ♪ They say this is a big rich town ♪ 
♪ I just come from the poorest part ♪ 
♪ Bright lights, city life, I got to make it ♪ 
♪ This is where it goes down ♪ 
♪ I just happen to come up hard ♪ 
♪ Legal or illegal, baby, I gotta make it ♪ 
♪ I never took a straight path nowhere ♪ 
♪ Life's full of twists and turns, bumps and bruises ♪ 
♪ I live, I learn, I'm from that city ♪ 
♪ Full of yellow cabs and skyscrapers ♪ 
♪ It's hard to get a start in these parts without paper ♪ 
♪ Homie, I grew up in hell, a block away from heaven ♪ 
♪ That corner, every 15 minutes it move a seven ♪ 
♪ Pure snow, bag it, then watch it go ♪ 
♪ Occupational options, get some blow or some hos ♪ 
♪ Shoot the bowl or the strap, learn to rap or to jack ♪ 
♪ f*ck it, man, in the meantime ♪ 
♪ Go ahead and pump a pack ♪ 
♪ This my regal royal flow, my James Bond bounce ♪ 
♪ That 007, that 62 on my count ♪ 
♪ I'm an undercover liar, I lie under the covers ♪ 
♪ Look a bitch in the eyes and tell her, "Baby, I love you ♪ 
♪ You're my inspiration, you're my motivation ♪ 
♪ You're the reason that I'm moving with no hesitation" ♪ 
♪ They say this is a big rich town ♪ 
♪ Yeah ♪ 
♪ I just come from the poorest part ♪ 
♪ Bright lights, city life, I got to make it ♪ 
♪ This is where it goes round ♪ 
♪ Yeah ♪ 
♪ I just happen to come up hard ♪ 
♪ Legal or illegal, baby, I got to make it ♪ 
 [ woman moaning ] 
 Kanan : Oh, sh1t. Oh, sh1t. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, f*ck. Oh, sh1t. You like that? [ moaning ] [ bed thumping ] Kanan : Oh, sh1t. Okay, wait, be quiet. The kid's down there. You're the one making all the noise. [ woman moaning ] [ bed thumping ] ♪ Man on TV : Remember Isaiah Thomas, one of the great guards. Here you see the same moves... [ moaning continues ] ...he plays with in the NBA today. Well, we've got someone like that... Howard Nathan, number 34 for Peoria Manual. [ raises volume ] Man 2 on TV : Marshall got here because of one reason... quickness. The reason? Arthur Agee. Look at this man. He just explodes, Dan. He can get downcourt as quick as anyone that I've ever... Kanan : What's up, boy? You good? You want some breakfast? No, I want that sh1t you've been holding for me. Still got it after all these years? I just might. Let me go see. Your mama got the best ass in New York City. Always did. Look what I found. What are you doing? That's for being loyal. Your sh1t is better than ever. Jarita : Well, you know that's the part between us that always worked. You be careful with him. I got him. [ zipper zips ] Shawn, let's go. Tasha : You finally up? The rest of the house is already fed and out. Come on. You didn't miss much here. Tariq's got this big history project coming up, Raina's mad at Harper. Harper? Who's Harper? Her ex-best friend. For today. [ laughs ] So... that bitch who shot at you? She's dead. Same old Ghost. I love it when you take care of sh1t. I didn't kill her, Tasha. Someone got to her before I did. Who? I didn't see the guy. He was outta there so fast, it was like he knew I was coming. And the guy that contracted her is dead, too, killed maybe a day before Julio found her. That can't be a coincidence. I don't think so either. Someone wants to make sure that I really can't find out who's behind the hits on the drug business. The hit on me... Rolla didn't hire her. How do you know? 'Cause she told me, Tash. Right before. No reason for her to lie. Who told you Rolla hired her? Kanan. But who knows? He could've gotten bad information on the inside. I don't know anything for sure. But you'll figure it out. I know you will. We'll figure it out together. [ buzzing ] Hello? The guy who took up with the RSKs after Rolla was killed, QDubs... he's dead, too. I'm at the crime scene now. I didn't get an alert. You're not on the task force anymore, remember? I'm your alert. Angela : Is NYPD cooperating? What are you hearing? I'm not hearing, I'm seeing. Got a shitload of blood and bullet casings and footprints. Doesn't look like a planned crime. It looks like a f*ckin' mess. That doesn't sound like one of Ghost's hits. The local says the kid had a big mouth. If Ghost took out Rolla, maybe he wasn't happy with his replacement. Ghost could be making moves, wants to send a message, install someone in that area who's easier to control. Now that we've linked Tommy Egan to Ruiz's hideout, if we can pin Tommy Egan to this crime scene,  maybe we can prove that he's Ghost. I need to come to that scene. You know you can't do that. Fine. Can you get me surveillance from the day of the murder? The whole area surrounding the crime scene? Okay, slow down. You're my alert, remember? You called me. You know I'm onto something, Greg. See you later. [ sighs ] Son of a bitch. [ bell dings ] Morning. Ghost is in the shower, but there's hot coffee while you wait. Nothing happened between me and your girl. [ sighs ] You and Keisha are single. If y'all wanna do it, be my guest. I don't want to keep playing these games. I like you. You like me, too. And what if I do? What difference does it make? It makes a big difference to me. That's sweet, but Ghost and I are good. You and I are just... what we are. All we'll ever be. [ footsteps approaching ] Don't get too comfortable, Shawn. We gotta get to the club. Get at you later, T, all right? Take that, Uncle G? Thanks. Just got our bank statements for the month. We should talk. We going broke? Not quite. Later, T. [ both laugh ] I know you said you'd call me, but I just couldn't wait, so here I am with coffee. That's almost like waking up with you. Yeah, except with more clothes on, unfortunately. [ phone buzzing ] Sorry. You'd tell me, right? If something was going down at work. Like what? I don't know, that Tommy sh1t. You know, Jamie, I wish I hadn't brought it up at all. He's your friend and I shouldn't put you in that position. It's just... I don't want you thinking every time my phone rings or I'm rushing or running late... I wanted to save your dream, not mess with your head. Please, girl. My head is fine. I just think you're wasting your time. So you won't testify against him, if that's what it comes to. Nothing to testify to. Maybe. I hope you're right. We just need to be us. We're fine. That's all that matters. As long as we're honest with each other from now on, no matter what, right? Right. [ phone buzzing ] [ groans ] Go ahead, do your thing. Thanks, bye. Bye. Yeah, hey, what's up? [ car engine starts ] You walk outta here, I will break every single piece of vinyl you have. Doobie Brothers will be in a million f*cking pieces. Ghost just got back from Miami. I gotta go meet him. Well, then, let me come. You can't come to a meeting with me and G. First of all, he won't want you there. Second of all, you're not well enough to go anywhere. I was doing fine enough to blow you last night. You didn't get shot in the mouth. Oh, I hate you. I'm going crazy sitting here all damn day and night by myself. What else you want to do? I want to get some fresh air. I want to see other people. I want my job back. I want money. Baby, I will get you anything you need. I told you, I'm not good at being taken care of. Yeah, well, you don't have a choice. Now go get some rest. Especially your mouth. You never know when it's gonna be called back into action. All contracts signed. Everybody's on board. Stern will be pleased to hear you got it done. Will he? Let me ask you something. How much did the club make while I was gone? A lot. Almost enough to get us back in the black. f*cking miracle after that shooting. Give me a f*cking break. It's not a f*cking miracle, it's me. You know that and Stern knows that. We are very encouraged. Yes, in fact, so much so that we've got something else for ya. You say "we" and "us" a lot. We've got a party coming up for  Vibe  magazine. Do you know it? It's a dud of an event. No real VIP attached. And we've only got a small budget, so our expectations aren't huge. [ chuckles ] So Stern gives me the black party with no real budget to make it fly. Cute. I'm curious why wouldn't he give that to Todd over at Syrup. We think you'll be successful with it. That's all. We really hope that you are. It would mean a lot for the brand and for you. I was good to you when you worked for me, Kantos. Wasn't I? You were. I gotta get to the bank. Hey. Did you go to court? Is that surveillance for QDubs? Time of death's around 9:00 PM. You have security footage from a bodega, bank, and two different mechanics starting that morning. Don't get caught with this. I won't. Thanks, Greg. Jonathan, it's James St. Patrick. We met at the game. Look, man, I'm having a nice shindig at the club Thursday night. Of course the guest list is tight, but we'd be happy to get Jason up in the place and Yasiel, too, man. We'd love to have some pro athletes of their caliber there. No, it doesn't affect their image one bit. Look, Jonathan, it was a one-time incident. You know? A woman got pissed. She wasn't on the guest list. Security's been tightened. You have my word, I can assure you. [ door opens, closes ] I understand. Tommy : It's getting bigger, right? Like coke rabbits are f*cking Tommy. We need to talk. Welcome back, bro. Tell us what you heard in the city of titties. "Us"? Kanan : I love that city. Best piece of pussy I ever had was this underage honey from North Beach. Ghost don't want no pussy. He's got more than he can handle. Now, tell us about this trip. The trip was fine. You said something went down? You get it done? Yeah, she's dead. You tell me about QDubs. How did that go? Things may have gotten a little out of hand with us and QDubs. What's that mean? That punk-ass bitch QDubs. He don't know when to keep his mouth shut. He said there's no way you're gonna work with the Soldado crew no more. And I tried, Ghost, I tried to convince them that it ain't about who likes who, but about who wants to make money. And? QDubs and his... thugged-out bodyguards are dead. Shot. Don't say "shot" like it just happened, like the gun came out of f*ckin' nowhere and just went off. What the f*ck were you thinking? Kanan : I was thinking about you, G. Them M*therf*ckers was all over your ass about this Rolla hit. I shot that nigga for you, man. I'm proud of it. Now my crew can take over that territory, single-handedly solve this little powder problem you have. You see that, G? I wasn't worried. Kanan's all over that sh1t. We still got to stop by Tommy's and check in. Boss, the Wash 'N' Fold ain't big enough. We're running out of room here. I don't want to hear no excuses. It's a fact. Look around you. [ phone buzzes ] We gotta clean more faster. What about the nightclub? When can we start pushing bills through there again? I'll take care of it. [ door closes ] Hey, babe. Ghost : Tasha, there's less than 30K in the safe. Hmm? What do you mean, "huh"? The safe, it's damn near empty. [ scoffs ] Well, you know I've had to use cash for whatever I can. That's what I was looking at this morning. The legit accounts are low. And you know Tariq's got all these fees for basketball and Raina's growing like a weed. She needs new clothes, new shoes every other week. I gotta pay the rent with a real check and the kids' tuition, and I've been saving for that. And we got your first payroll check  from your job with Stern. It'll keep the lights on, literally, and that's about it. So now I got two problems. Can't clean the drug money like I did when I owned Truth. I need to make Truth more profitable so I can buy it back from Stern. Well, what's the second problem? There's a party at the club in a couple of days that could make the club profitable if it works, but Kantos' stiff ass won't give me the budget that I need to make the party what it needs to be. And we don't have the money to bridge the gap. Not legit. We got a warehouse full of cash, can't touch it. Can't use it for the club. Tommy would kill you. If Lobos doesn't do it first. [ moans ] Well, you just give me a minute and then maybe I can... make you... feel... better. [ shower running ] [ rings ] What, you left your sippy cup when you skedaddled outta here the other night? I made a mistake. Mm-hmm. A woman like you don't come around often. Let me make up for it? [ scoffs ] Thanks. What changed? What you mean? I mean, I really want to be flattered, but I ain't stupid. What changed with you and Tasha in the last five minutes that got you knocking in my direction? It's not about Tasha. I'm here for you. How do I know you're telling me the truth? [ moaning ] Okay. Wait. [ chuckles ] If you really are here for me, then you gotta slow down. ♪ 
♪ Yeah ♪ 
♪ Well, since everyone's watching ♪ 
♪ Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ♪ 
♪ Now we don't have to hide ♪ 
♪ I know just what you're wantin' ♪ 
♪ There's no need to deny ♪ 
♪ I know that they can see it ♪ 
♪ Girl, just close your eyes ♪ 
♪ Let's get lost, baby ♪ 
♪ Whoo ♪ 
♪ In each other's bodies, baby ♪ 
♪ Let's make love tonight ♪ 
♪ As we touch under the moonlight ♪ 
♪ Moonlight, baby ♪ 
♪ And we're touching like nobody's there ♪ 
♪ Nobody, nobody ♪ [ knocking on door ] [ TV playing ] Julio : Hey, Tommy! Who's there? It's Julio. [ TV turns off ] Tommy here? Sorry. With the shooting and all, he's got me freaked the f*ck out. Well, if Tommy's not here, I'll just come back. No, come on in. I said you can come in. You want something to drink? Yeah, I don't think Tommy would be wanting me to come in here. Well, he's not here. And I got some beer in the fridge. [ hip-hop music playing ] This the m*therf*cker I was telling you about right here... Tommy. The human torch. I heard you blazed a m*therf*cker alive not too long ago, bro. Asshole was trying to steal my money. [ all laugh ] [ whispering ] All right, so, look, this how we gonna roll. Dre gonna run the point. Y'all will answer to Dre. Dre, you answer to me and Tommy. And Ghost. Yo, man, these ribs are off the chain. Y'all know how to do this sh1t over here. This nigga. m*therf*cker gonna want some red Kool-Aid and watermelon next, huh? You hear this m*therf*cker? [ laughing ] Look, man, just flash the bat sign when you're ready to take that RSK territory. Tear that sh1t all the way up. Yeah, I'll let you know. Gotcha, Ghost. I need you to get some hot girls. Give them each a grip, I'll get 'em in the club. We'll make the money out on the other end, come out clean as a whistle. Hot girls spending money in the club makes the club even hotter. People talk, more people come through, the club makes more money overall, and I'll buy it back faster. How many girls you want me to round up? How many can you get? [ both laugh ] Get as many as you can. That should do you. Does it? And make sure they spend every goddamn penny. All right. [ phone buzzing ] Jonathan, change your mind about bringing the pros through the Truth? Yeah, man, it's gonna be a hot night. [ laughs ] Travel fee? Your client lives in Brooklyn. What do you mean a travel fee? He ain't got a MetroCard? Yeah, man, I get it. I got you. Yep. No money, no VIPs. Loud and clear. All right, you, too. Hmm. ♪ 
♪ Unh ♪ 
♪ Unh ♪ 
♪ Let's go, put 'em in the air, air, put 'em in the air ♪ 
♪ Put 'em in the air, air, put 'em in the air ♪ 
♪ Put 'em in the air, air, put 'em in the air ♪ 
♪ Put 'em in the air, air, put 'em in the air ♪ 
♪ Cash rules everything, everything cash rules ♪ 
♪ Make 'em go nuts, that's cashews ♪ 
♪ You can't walk a mile in my shoes ♪ 
♪ You can't do the things that I do ♪ 
♪ No, I take big steps, I'm vicious ♪ 
♪ You cannot fit these britches ♪ 
♪ Y'all fools can't handle y'all business ♪ 
♪ You just keep burning your bridges ♪ [ phone buzzes ] ♪ Call me the king like 'Bron... ♪ Kantos? Double the liquor order for tomorrow. Yeah, I'm serious. I know. The budget. You asked me to get it done. Trust me. Make the order. ♪ I rock and I roll all at the same time ♪ 
♪ There's no calling it quits ♪ 
♪ I make money 'cause dollars make sense... ♪ Be on time, you hear me? ♪ I want to be a millionaire ♪ 
♪ Get your money up, put 'em in the air ♪ 
♪ Yeah, who wanna be a millionaire? ♪ Shawn came over last night. He was good. You know what I mean. Held it together longer than I expected for a college kid. I just wanted you to hear it from me. It's none of my business. I don't care what y'all do. You really gonna sit there and lie to my face? I don't know what you're talking about. You yank his leash whenever you want to and he's so in love with you, he can't bring himself to yell the safe word. You know what? f*ck you, Keisha. This is just like every other nigga we used to talk to back in the day. You just want him for yourself. It ain't even like that. You gotta let Shawn go. I am trying to let him go. I told him it was over. Ghost and I are better now. Oh, so now you trust Ghost? [ snaps fingers ] Just like that? He says he's sorry and it's all over? He's the father of my kids, Keisha. Look, I'm fine with you putting your eggs in whatever fine black basket you want. Shawn's a good kid. He's not gonna survive another ride on your merry-go-round. And if you're gonna stick it out with Ghost, then that's great. But you better be 100% sure that you're choosing the right man. 
 
 ♪ It's been keeping me up every night ♪ 
♪ Most of the time I toss and turn in bed and I try ♪ 
♪ Not to explode when you arrive ♪ 
♪ Sneaking through the door like it ain't 5:00 ♪ 
♪ Like this house ain't mine ♪ 
♪ Yes, I been picking up really sketch vibes ♪ 
♪ And I keep looking over at your side ♪ 
♪ Wonderin' where you been ♪ 
♪ Thinking that he ain't a friend ♪ 
♪ Knowing that thoughts are a sin ♪ 
♪ And so I'll say it again ♪ 
♪ White lies, you try ♪ 
♪ Can't blind my eyes ♪ 
♪ You got your red dress on and you want to play ♪ 
♪ Like I can't know things that I've never seen ♪ 
♪ White lies, you try ♪ 
♪ Can't blind my eyes ♪ Yes, hi. My husband and I stayed with you a few nights ago and I think I left a nightgown in our room. It's St. Patrick. Nothing? I'm so silly. I'll check my suitcase again. Oh, thanks for asking. I did love my massage. Mm-hmm. [ phone beeps ] Holly : Is that you, Tommy? Yeah, who the hell else would it be? Hey, get your ass down here. I got something for ya. Better be good. Oh, it's good. No, let me rephrase. It better cook and be a brilliant conversationalist. A puppy? You bought me a puppy? Haven't you ever seen a movie? Puppies fix everything. You said you were lonely, so I got a bitch for my bitch. That's not funny. She's cute, but what... Her name's Bell. After Bell Boulevard. I think she's thirsty. [ whining ] You have a friend over? What? No. Then why are there two glasses on the counter? Someone stopped by. Who? Julio. And you let him in my house? And you got him a f*cking drink? He came to see you and I was bored and lonely. [ scoffs ] And it was water I gave him, not a f*cking vodka tonic. Tommy! [ door opens ] ♪ Then they take a loss, take a loss to the master... ♪ You think any of those RSK stragglers still out on the block? If they are, they got their heads down. They'll dip the second they see we're offering a better goddamn opportunity,  just like your crew. No, man, all my boys are ride or die. Even Broc? That's my nigga from way back. He talk a lot of sh1t sometime, but at the end of the day, he down. So you trust him? Sure. Yo, I f*ckin' love this song, man. [ volume increases ] ♪ Take the cash and set it on the hood ♪ 
♪ Of your wick-wack, low-riding Cadillac ♪ 
♪ And pack up your boys and let's start the battle... ♪ Cesar, my code isn't working. Yeah, let... let me look. [ keyboard keys click ] It says Mrs. St. Patrick changed it this morning. She didn't give you the new code? No. Can you just let me upstairs? Just let me call up first. What? If you're not on the visitors' list and you don't have the code, I have to call up like I would with anyone else. [ laughs ] This sh1t is funny. Hey. No answer, sorry. But she's upstairs. Of course she is. Look, Cesar, you need to let me upstairs to my apartment where I pay rent. She needs to give you the new code. That's the policy. Look, we're not supposed to get involved in domestic matters. What the f*ck are you talking about? [ quietly ] What the f*ck did she tell you? [ ringing ] Ma, you're not gonna get that? Eat your snacks. [ buzzing ] [ buzzing stops ] [ phone pinging ] Ma, look, it's Dad. Give it here. [ pinging continues ] You better not be trying to call up this boy's phone trying to get up here. Tasha, what the f*ck are you doing? I'm so glad Mrs. St. Patrick enjoyed her massage at Eden Roc. Maybe she's the reason you were too late to hit your target. Did you f*cking tell her? Did you f*cking tell her? Tell her what? That I f*ckin' took Angela to Miami. No, Uncle G. I wouldn't do that. f*ck! f*ck! You got something. Guess whose car passed the bodega at 8:24 PM. Tommy Egan's. [ laughs ] Can't see who's in it, but the make, model, and plate match up. Are you gonna take it to Mike? Mike won't listen to me. He might listen to you. No. Angela, no, no. Mike already gave me hell for helping you out with Nomar. This isn't about me. It's about the case. It's about flipping Tommy Egan and putting Lobos behind bars. [ soft laugh ] Does that mean you'll talk to him? It seems like it's our best lead. That's the only reason I'm bringing it to you. She's not authorized to investigate this case. I know. She shouldn't be anywhere near this case. Do I have to send her to white collar in f*cking Nebraska? Wouldn't stop her. Look, she's... [ scoffs ] she's wrong to be pursuing this. She knows she's wrong. But she's passionate. What's your play? What? I don't understand. You want her back on the task force. Why? Because she's done some very good work here. And if she's on the task force, you get to see her more. I'm not blind. And we both know she's the hottest piece of ass this office has to offer. Mike, I'm not trying to get the girl. I'm actually trying to get the guy... Ghost. My interest here is strictly professional. She can make a presentation to the task force. If her stuff is good, I might let her back on. But you're responsible for her now. If you trust her with your career, well, we'll see how that plays out. For both of you. Yo, so I got a bunch of fine-ass hos lined up for tomorrow like you asked. m*therf*cker! Tommy, what the f*ck are you doing? f*ckin' trying to push up on my girl? Tommy! f*ck, man! Get the f*ck off. What's wrong with you? m*therf*cker was in my house while I was gone! I didn't touch your girl! She ain't even my type! What the f*ck does that mean? Tommy! I don't f*cking need you alienating our right f*cking hand over some bitch. Call Holly a bitch again. Go ahead. Tommy, alls I'm saying, man, is you're about to do Julio and do me over some broad you don't trust. I trust her! You don't. No, you don't. Otherwise you wouldn't be in here trying to f*ckin' crack J's skull. f*ck that m*therf*cker. Julio, wipe your nose off. Take a walk. Business. Focus on business. I can't even think about business right now. Yo, let's go back to your crib, bust off a couple rounds of "Assassin's Creed." Yo, man, let me get my mind right. We can't go to my crib, Tommy. Tasha kicked me out. f*ck! Yeah, she found out about Angela. How are the kids? They don't know yet. At least I don't think so. But, look, man. You and me can't afford to get distracted. Not right now. Gotta keep our heads in the game. Kanan got the right idea about this sh1t. No more connections we can't just walk away from. Kanan got the right idea about a lot of things. We gotta give his crew the RSK territory, man. He knows what he's doing. He taught us everything we know. I mean... how else are we gonna move this sh1t? If you're looking for my panties, it's top left. I-I'm picking up some stuff for Uncle G. You should've told me, Shawn. He's still seeing Angela. He took her to Miami! You knew. You f*cking knew! Look, I didn't tell you because... Because you're loyal to Ghost. No, because I didn't want to be the one to break your heart. You were thinking of my feelings, huh? Well, you might be the only one. I can't take anyone else lying to me. [ voice breaks ] I can't. I have to tell you one other thing. If this is about Keisha, I know. You do? It was one night. One night doesn't mean anything. But you told me. And that means I can trust you, Shawn. Right? LaKeisha was a mistake. But I know that this isn't. Tariq : Ma, do you know how to tie a tie? Ma! Tasha : I'm coming! Before he died, Nomar worked with a sketch artist to give us the following visual. Ghost, AKA Thomas Patrick Egan. You got positive ID from a couple of pencil marks? We also have his car at Ruiz's hideout and most recently at the murder scene of the RSK's  primera. Any video of him entering Ruiz's hideout or the pool hall? So what you're saying is we got a big steaming pile of circumstantial nothing. We have his voice from our wiretaps. Nomar told us that Ruiz was meeting with his distributor. It's Tommy... Thomas. And you know this asshole's voice how? I went to high school with him. [ laughs ] Tommy? Of course. Of course you did. Judge'll love when we parade her out as our trial witness on the ID. An AUSA authenticating a voice match for herself is pretty much bullshit. I agree. But it's more than we've come up with in the last week. Good work. I've already pulled background, so we can jump right on in. It's just one big happy family reunion, isn't it? He has been busted in the past with a few of these guys. This one, Vladimir Yankovic, runs drugs on the Lower East Side and Staten Island. Street fight, no drugs, charges dropped. Mike : Any ongoing narcotic relationship there? Not that we know of, but we're looking. IRS records? Is he on the grid? He has a lease in the Meatpacking District with Simon Stern, the nightlife guy. He has that and a chain of Laundromats with a James St. Patrick, another high school buddy. Look at that, Angela. Getting more relevant by the minute. If this guy's clean, he's one unlucky b*st*rd. You want to be helpful? Log on into classmates.com and advise him to lawyer up. Mike : Egan is a good lead, Angela. I'm reinstating you into the task force. Reporting to Saxe. Bring everything you've got to him. Start with surveillance of Egan. We'll have to talk to St. Patrick for sure. [ phone buzzing ] Is that yours? Mm, mine's set to ding. [ buzzing continues ] [ buzzing stops ] You could turn it off. Eh, I can't. Could be one of the kids. Do you think... Is it getting harder to do this? To just be us? We've always had the hotels, the phone calls, the real-life sh1t. Unless there's something more. There is. It's Tommy. [ sighs ] You said you wanted me to be honest, right? So, honestly, I'm gonna do all I can to keep this away from you. It's getting close to me? It will because you're in business together. But you're clean, so it doesn't matter, right? Of course. Well, since we're being honest, um... you should know Tasha and I split up. Is that why you wanted to come over last night? [ laughs ] No, I wanted to come over last night because I wanted to see you. I always want to see you. Because I love you. I love you, too. Why? Why now? She found out I took you to Miami. But you said she knew about us. She did... but she thought we stopped. Why would she think that? Because that's what you told her. What, were you... reconciling with her? No, it's nothing like that. 'Cause why else would you lie to her? Why wouldn't you just leave? I just don't get it, Jamie. Why do you need her so badly? I don't get why you're workin' so hard to bring Tommy down, mess everything up between us. Don't turn this around on me. I am not trying to mess everything up. I am trying to put a drug dealer in jail. [ sighs ] [ phone dings ] That would be yours. Let's start over again tonight. Wake up together tomorrow. We're gonna be okay? Yeah, we are. Angela : Thanks for making my case to Mike. Mike said if you f*ck up now, it's on me. I'll get the heat if you bring us down. Greg, you can trust me. I know what I'm doing this time, I promise. Look, uh... look, Angela, I helped you because I think  you're onto something with Egan, all right? I do. But if I'm being honest, that's not the only reason. Is it weird at all for you? You know, us working together? No, not really. Greg : Oh, okay. Huh. Angela : Are you seeing something? Tell me, what are you seeing? Greg : Most of the people coming out of this building  are the artsy type, you know? There's a woman coming out now. Angela : What's she look like? Greg : Thin, 20s, hot. A little slutty, actually. Angela : What color hair? Greg : Red. Angela : I bet that's Tommy's girl. He had this creepy thing in high school for redheads. Why is that creepy? His mom is a redhead. Get her picture. [ shutter clicks ] You could be wrong, you know. She could just be some nice girl who has no idea who she's dating. There is zero chance Tommy Egan is dating a nice girl. Send me her picture. I'll get to work. [ keyboard keys clicking ] It's been a while since I've been summoned somewhere. Unless you count the shitter or mealtime. Me asking if you want to talk is different, right? Want a drink? The bitch in Miami... that bitch is dead. You know, the one that Rolla hired. Yeah, how'd she go down? Easy. Well, problem solved. Business can get crackin'. But you know how this business is, K. As soon as you take out one threat... [ snaps fingers ] ...another one pops up. f*ckin' circle of life. Well, you did what needed to be done. It's the kind of sh1t it takes to succeed in this business, kiddo. [ laughs ] You did me well. Back in the day and again, giving me Rolla's name. Killin' QDubs to save my ass. You hit hard and you don't flinch. That's how I know I can trust you. You and your crew run RSK's old stand. That's the right move. I'll take that drink if you're still offering. Scotch. Single malt. Best you got. You want me to put it on your room? You staying here? You and Tasha going through a rough patch? Y'all so close, always doing everything together. sh1t'll work itself out. Always does, right? [ pats back ] [ bell rings ] [ chatter ] Hi. He has been working on this for days. We're so proud of him. I'm gonna go get your backpack and then we can go home and celebrate, all right? Okay. Thank you. Listen, Tasha, we need to talk. f*ck that. I don't need anything from you. Listen to me. I think Kanan got the girl hit in Miami. I think Kanan's been behind all the hits on our business the whole time. I think it's revenge. I gotta feel him out more to be sure, so I'm gonna pull him in closer, you know, so I can keep... We're not partners anymore, Ghost. You made that clear. You know what? Call Tommy. Tommy's head's all f*cked up over his girl. I don't know, it feels like he drunk the Kanan Kool-Aid. You're the only person I can trust. Trust? [ scoffs ] Is that what we have, Ghost? Trust? You're not listening to me. I gotta spell it out? I think Kanan knows we sent him to jail. You and me, T. He's coming after us. It started with the hits, but I can't see his next move. So I gotta come home so I can protect you and the kids. Wow. [ scoffs ] You'd use Kanan to try to trick me into letting you come home? You think I'm stupid? You know what? I was for a while. But not anymore. You ain't never coming home, Ghost. You can let that dream go. Come here. Don't tell me to f*cking let go. You better let me go before I scream this whole place down and get you kicked out of here, too. [ door opens, closes ] [ distant sirens wailing ] [ horn honking ] [ lock clicks ] How's your arm? All right? Getting better. Tommy know where you are? No, we had a fight. He's out of his f*cking mind sometimes. [ laughs ] That's for sure. There's a combination to a storage locker in Midtown. Bag full of cash. You want me to drop it off someplace? I want you to disappear. There's a train ticket inside. Train leaves tonight. [ laughs ] Are you f*cking kidding me? I'm not just leaving because you say so. I need you to try harder to understand what I'm saying. You stole from my house, Holly. You broke Tommy's trust when you called me Ghost. You got my boy all f*cked up. You're a liability. It's time for you to go, one way or the other. If I don't come back, Tommy's not gonna just forget about me. He's gonna look for me. He'll go crazy. I'll give you a couple days to break up with him. This time, have a really big fight. Walk out on him for good. I'll hold the combination for the cash till you come back to me. And I'll have the date on the ticket changed. I'll even give you a lift to the station. Sound good? If you tell Tommy we had this conversation, I'll deny it ever happened. We both know he won't believe you over me. It's been nice doing business with you, Holly. [ unlocks door ] ♪ Ha ♪ 
♪ Tell all my haters this is payback, payback ♪ 
♪ And I ain't talking giving change back, change back ♪ 
♪ I left the streets and then I came back, came back ♪ 
♪ 100%, you couldn't change that, change that ♪ 
♪ I got some bad bitches in my section, in my section... ♪ My man. Have fun, man. [ cheering ] ♪ Young nigga ball so hard I got ejected, got ejected ♪ 
♪ I say all of my niggas trigger happy, trigger happy ♪ 
♪ We poppin' bottles like we shootin' at it, shootin' at it ♪ 
♪ Since '95 I had a smokin' habit, smokin' habit ♪ 
♪ That soft white, we call it Roger Rabbit, Roger Rabbit ♪ 
♪ I know that whip be lookin' good in traffic, good in traffic ♪ 
♪ You run up on me, I'ma let you have it, let you have it ♪ 
♪ Ain't got no girlfriend, they too dramatic, too dramatic ♪ 
♪ And broke niggas causing too much static, too much static ♪ ♪ I got some bad bitches in my section ♪ 
♪ In my section ♪ 
♪ A dozen bottles coming my direction ♪ 
♪ My direction ♪ 
♪ Smoke presidential like I got elected ♪ 
♪ Got elected ♪ 
♪ Young nigga ball so hard, I got ejected ♪ 
♪ Got ejected ♪ 
♪ Want a real nigga, come on, Mazant ♪ 
♪ Mazant ♪ 
♪ Run, tell them bitches that I said that ♪ 
♪ Said that ♪ ♪ They tried to say that I was worthless ♪ ♪ Worthless... ♪ I don't know what to say. Why don't you start by saying, "Damn, you really are that good"? Why not start with buying you a drink? Nah, I'm good. So how'd you do it? Stern gave you no resources... Don't you mean "we"? You did this out of your own pocket. I can't imagine your wife is gonna be happy about it. Yeah, my wife. Made it work. Did whatever it takes. I want Truth back. I can't speak for anyone else, but I'm impressed. Thank you. Leave it to the black party to actually get us back in the black. You want me to take care of the deposit for you tonight? Nah, I got it. Go enjoy your victory. ♪ Young nigga ball so hard, I got ejected ♪ ♪ Got ejected ♪ 
♪ I got some bad bitches in my section ♪ 
♪ In my section ♪ 
♪ A dozen bottles coming my direction ♪ Holly Weaver, we need to talk. I really don't think we do. Oh, but the good citizens of Ohio would beg to differ. So unless you're interested in taking a bus back to Cleveland tonight, and by bus I mean prison bus, we're gonna talk. [ crying ] [ phone ringing ] Hello? Wait, what do you mean he's coming up? [ dings ] Special K. Hope you don't mind me stopping up. Shawn told me my name was on the list. Of course not. It's always a nice surprise to see your face. I heard you and Ghost was in a tough spot, so I brought some stuff for the kids. Oh. Although this one is for you. It's not for them. What? You did not have to do that. You know, I used to think about you sometime while I was inside. If you ever need anything, anything you ain't getting from Ghost, you know you can ask me. I'm all good. ♪ 
♪ Ha ♪ 
♪ Oh, this is it, nigga ♪ Tariq : Mom, was someone at the door? ♪ With no words on it, ha ♪ No, baby. It's just the TV. Go back to bed. ...make sure we good. We just gotta make sure we hit 'em before... Get out. What you mean? You deaf? Get out, m*therf*cker. What are we fixing to do? [ gurgling ] [ gags ] Yo, what the f*ck, man? Broc? What the f*ck is that? Kanan : Tell him. Go ahead. Oh, that's right, he can't. It's his tongue. He needed a lesson in holding it. You sure as sh1t wasn't gonna give it to him. The next time I ask you if you can trust the members of your crew, "sure" is not an acceptable answer. Can I trust you to do what needs to be done here? [ Broc gagging ] [ moaning ] No doubt. Keep the home fires burning, young'un. I'll be back. ♪ [ gunshots ] ♪ Strap up 'cause I'm going in ♪ 
♪ Real soldiers go to war to win ♪ 
♪ Shoot back when you hear them shots fired, blat, blat ♪ 
♪ Shots fired, blat, blat, shots fired, blat, blat ♪ 
♪ Shots fired ♪ ♪ What up? ♪ ♪ If it's war, then it's war it'll be ♪ 
♪ You ain't built for the war in the streets ♪ 
♪ Run for cover when you hear them shots fired, blat, blat ♪ 
♪ Shots fired, blat, blat, shots fired, blat, blat ♪ 
♪ What you waitin' for? ♪ ♪ What up? ♪ ♪ Keep quiet, nigga, don't wanna hear you talk ♪ 
♪ You done said enough, politicin' with the narcs ♪ 
♪ Need to sing a song when the gun, it get the spark ♪ 
♪ It give you top-10, 106th and Park ♪ 
♪ Death before dishonor, rise before retreat ♪ 
♪ I put that on my mama, I'll die before defeat ♪ 
♪ Only cry in my sleep, toss in my bed ♪ 
♪ Hoping this the only time I have to lie in the sheets ♪ 
♪ Yeah, tears on my pillow, but what lies underneath ♪ 
♪ Is a .38 special 'case a nigga try and creep ♪ 
♪ Try and take what I took to the basement, let it cook ♪ 
♪ Let it simmer to the block, to the Jakes off the books, yeah ♪ 
♪ We speak through codes, move under the radar ♪ 
♪ Leave trails that are way off, you'll never know where we are ♪ 
♪ Just stay alert, infrared beam on your shirt ♪ 
♪ Tell the devil that I'm late for work, Young Breeze ♪ 
♪ Strap up 'cause I'm going in ♪ 
♪ Real soldiers go to war to win ♪ 
♪ Shoot back when you hear them shots fired, blat, blat ♪ 
♪ Shots fired, blat, blat, shots fired, blat, blat ♪ 
♪ Shots fired ♪ 
♪ What up? ♪ 
 ♪ If it's war, then it's war it'll be ♪ 
♪ You ain't built for the war in the streets ♪ 
♪ Run for cover when you hear them shots fired, blat, b... ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 