Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x01 - Not Exactly How We Planned - Power 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x01 - Not Exactly How We Planned https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=318&t=18705 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 06/07/14 22:12 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x01 - Not Exactly How We Planned 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 ♪ They say this is a big, rich town ♪ 
♪ I just come from the poorest part ♪ 
♪ bright lights, city life ♪ 
♪ I gotta make it, this is where it goes down ♪ 
♪ I just happen to come up hard ♪ 
♪ legal or illegal, baby, I gotta make it ♪ 
♪ I never took a straight path nowhere ♪ 
♪ life's full of twists and turns, bumps and bruises ♪ 
♪ I live, I learn ♪ 
♪ I'm from that city full of yellow cabs and skyscrapers ♪ 
♪ it's hard to get a start in these parts without paper ♪ 
♪ homey, I grew up in hell, a block away from heaven ♪ 
♪ that corner every 15 minutes, they moving seven ♪ 
♪ pure snow, bag it, then watch it go ♪ 
♪ occupational options, get some blow or some hos ♪ 
♪ shoot the ball or the strap, learn to rap or to jack ♪ 
♪ f*ck it, man, in the meantime, go head and pump a pack ♪ 
♪ this my regal, royal flow, my James Bond bounce ♪ 
♪ that 007, that's 62 on my count ♪ 
♪ I'm an undercover liar, I lie under the covers ♪ 
♪ look a bitch in the eyes and tell her, baby, I love ya ♪ 
♪ you're my inspiration, you're my motivation ♪ 
♪ you're the reason that I'm moving with no hesitation ♪ 
♪ they say this is a big, rich town ♪ 
♪ yeah, I just come from the poorest part ♪ 
♪ bright lights, city life ♪ 
♪ I gotta make it, this is where it goes down ♪ 
♪ oh, yeah ♪ 
♪ yeah ♪ 
♪ I just happen to come up hard ♪ 
♪ legal or illegal, baby, I gotta make it ♪ 
 [R&B music] 
 [Vocalizing] 
 ♪ 
 [Vocalizing] 
 ♪ Go, let's go now ♪ 
♪ the cristal finished, the rose done ♪ 
♪ I'm leaving, I just gotta ask you if you wanna come ♪ 
♪ I start out with your name, then I get a number ♪ 
♪ we end up on a yacht in St. Barths this summer ♪ 
♪ I hustle like I'm hungry to blow it like the wind ♪ 
♪ that's when the cycle starts over again ♪ 
♪ I could be your homey ♪ 
♪ talk with you when you're lonely ♪ 
♪ I love being a friend right now begins ♪ 
 [Background chatter] 
 ♪ 
 [Overlapping chatter] 
 Tell me I'm beautiful. 
 You know you are. 
 Boss is here. 
 [People chattering] 
 Y'all hear that? The boss is here. 
 [Dance music] 
 ♪ 
♪ free your mind ♪ 
♪ 
 To Truth. 
 All : Truth! 
 Whoo! 
 Let me make some rounds. 
 Baby, I'll be back. 
 Where you going? 
 I've got to handle some details. 
 Don't you have people for that? 
 [Laughs] 
 It's called "customer service," Tasha. 
 I do this part myself. 
 [Scoffs] 
 [People cheering] 
 Excuse me, more champagne, more vodka, more everything. 
 Mm, wait, wait, hold up. 
 Bring some henny and bring some patron. 
 [Dance music playing] 
 Head count's at 400 and it's not even midnight. 
 Fire marshal told us to keep it under 325, so if he shows up, we're f*cked. 
 [All cheering] 
 Place is f*cking bananas. 
 You might be worth the risk. 
 I told you, that's all behind me now, and I delivered. 
 This is the best goddamn nightclub opening the whole year. My whole database turned out. 
 Yeah, you know the right people. 
 And it's bangin' tonight, but we stay in business. 
 We keep the music hot, the women hot, and make it damn near impossible to get in this f*cking door. 
 Even for my VIP's? 
 Come on, f*ck your VIP's. 
 We gonna redefine the word. 
 ♪ I got that super swag all you bitches wish you had ♪ 
♪ you hos ain't on my level but you smacking really bad ♪ 
♪ you looking for your nigga, now you asking where he at? ♪ 
♪ Don't worry, when I'm done, I'll make sure I send him back ♪ 
 Boss. 
 Hey, boss, they want you downstairs. 
 Who wants me? 
 Tommy. 
 Should I come too? 
 You wait in the car. 
 ♪ Who you think I'm rolling with? ♪ 
♪ Rolling with ♪ 
♪ 
 You think you can f*cking steal from me and then just walk the f*ck away? 
 I didn't do anything, man! 
 She don't know nothing! 
 Okay, look! Hey, hey, look! Hey, I stole from you. 
 Okay, it was me. Look, please, man. 
 [Sobbing] 
 Okay, it's not her fault. 
 You're right there, Miguel. 
 It's not Maria's fault, it's yours. 
 You have your opportunity to make this right. 
 All you have to do is tell me where you hid my sh1t. 
 I can't. I can't. 
 He's not listening to me, Maria. 
 Here, you talk to him. 
 [Whimpers] 
 What the f*ck is going on? 
 Ghost, meet Miguel Alvarez and his fiancée Maria. 
 Cruz was driving his route when this m*therf*cker jumped him, shot him in the head. 
 Cruz, so he got... 
 The money! A whole day's paper. 
 We get it back? 
 No. 
 He handed it off before Victor tracked him down. 
 Wasn't enough to kill him. 
 This greedy m*therf*cker stole Cruz's phone, led us right to his place. Found him in bed with her. 
 Moron thought he was home free, about to have his celebration f*ck. 
 [Sobs] 
 Why the f*ck would you bring him here? 
 Hmm? 
 It's opening night. 
 I got a full house upstairs. 
 I thought you'd want to teach this m*therf*cker a lesson. 
 And the girl? 
 He needed some persuasion to talk. 
 What? 
 We got to let her go. 
 Tommy, think. 
 This girl has brothers, cousins, someone who gives a f*ck about her. 
 You f*ck with her, they come running, looking for her. 
 They come with machetes or they come with guns. 
 Hermanos Tainos, Soldado Nation. 
 People we deal with, or worse, people we don't. 
 Say good-bye to Maria, Miguel. 
 [Sobbing] Oh, Miguel. 
 [Babbling in Spanish] 
 Hey, I'm sorry. 
 [Pleading in Spanish] Miguel, por favor. 
 Miguel, baby! Miguel! Miguel! 
 Go home, take a shower. 
 I'll send my man here with you, okay? 
 You give him these clothes. You go to work tomorrow like nothing happened. If somebody ask you, you and Miguelito broke up, understand? 
 [Whimpers] 
 You were never here. 
 Si. Si! 
 You stay with her till she's out of the shower, and then burn her clothes. 
 [Whimpers] Miguel! 
 [Screams] Maria! I'm sorry! 
 Miguel! 
 Well, well, here we are, Miguelito. 
 You and me, two men who would rather be anywhere but here. 
 [Sobs] 
 I know I had other plans. How 'bout you? 
 I know you had a plan, Miguel. 
 You didn't hit my money man by chance. 
 Someone told you where to go, who to hit. 
 Man, I ain't gonna tell you sh1t. 
 Mira... mira. We let Maria go. 
 [Whimpers] 
 Tell me who set this up, and I'll let you go too. 
 I can't. I can't. I can't. 
 Pl... please, man. Please, okay? 
 I swear to God. I swear to God. Oh, God. 
 We both know how this ends. 
 Neither one of us walks out of here a happy man, huh? 
 I don't wanna rat. I don't. 
 What? 
 Yes. 
 Mrs. St. Patrick. You seen the boss? 
 I want to show him the numbers so far tonight. 
 We're killing it. 
 No, but you can show them to me. 
 I don't know if I'm supposed to do that. 
 You can show them to me. 
 We're having an amazing night. Off the charts. 
 [Clicks tongue] If you say so. 
 He's cute. 
 Your problem is, Miguel, you suffer from a serious case of misplaced loyalty. 
 The men you're protecting sent you out to steal from the wrong M*therf*ckers tonight. 
 Either they overestimated you or they underestimated us. 
 But they left you hanging out to dry, partner. 
 [Groans] 
 [Coughs] 
 [Gun clicks] 
 Tell me who hired you. 
 And then you can come work for us. 
 You still have a choice, Miguelito. 
 I'm not afraid to die. 
 And I'm not afraid to kill you. 
 [Gunshot] 
 Uhh! 
 Clean that up. 
 I want the sh1t spotless, like it never f*cking happened! 
 This sh1t makes no sense. 
 We had 19 drivers delivering product tonight, right? 
 20. Sabueso caught a bachelor party. 
 Had to stay on to deliver. 
 And this m*therf*cker here hits Cruz when he's holding the money from all the day runs? 
 Plus we did that brick drop tonight. 
 The wholesale sh1t. 
 Right. 
 So Cruz is carrying today's cash from our whole f*cking organization, Tommy. 
 The whole f*cking organization. 
 If he gets here 20 minutes later, after he's made the drop at the house, they get nothing. What does that tell you? 
 Asshole was working with one of our people. 
 What if it's someone who knows our f*cking business? 
 Tainos, Rock Street Killahz, Soldado Nation. 
 Why would they bite the hand that feeds them? 
 They f*ck with us, they lose their distro. 
 Because everybody hates middle management, man. 
 Maybe they wanted to go straight to the source. 
 sh1t, none of these guys got the stones to f*ck with Lobos directly. 
 Still, the Soldados or Hermanos Tainos wanted to take us down, they'd hit all our people, all at once. 
 Which means we have to take everybody off the street, now. 
 Close the store? 
 We can't afford to get hit again. 
 If one of our people is behind this, we don't know who they're working with. 
 We don't know who to hit back. 
 We can't stand around with our dicks in our hands waiting on the other guy to make his next move. 
 [Dialing, trilling] 
 [Cell phone rings] 
 Yo. What's up? 
 We're canceling Christmas. 
 Shut it all down, now. 
 [Jump up in the Air plays, background chatter] 
 ♪ 
 Just buy enough to keep the girls happy. 
 We got a long night ahead of us. 
 ♪ I know you want to ♪ 
♪ jump up in the air and stay there ♪ 
♪ jump up in the air and stay there ♪ 
♪ jump up in the air and stay there ♪ 
♪ jump up in the air and stay there ♪ 
♪ jump up in the air and stay there ♪ 
♪ jump up in the air and stay there ♪ 
 [Elevator clangs] 
 ♪ I know you want to ♪ 
♪ jump up in the air and stay there ♪ 
♪ jump up in the air and stay there ♪ 
♪ jump up in the air and stay there ♪ 
♪ jump up in the air and stay there ♪ 
 [Cell phone rings] 
 ♪ Jump up in the air and stay there ♪ 
 [Cell phone rings] 
 ♪ Jump up in the air and stay there ♪ 
♪ I know you want to ♪ 
♪ reach to the higher level ♪ 
♪ much further from the devil ♪ 
♪ until you feeling the weather ♪ 
♪ I know you want to ♪ 
 sh1t. 
 What? 
 I gotta go. 
 Wait, where you going? 
 Wait. Where you going? 
 Dude? I'm the best man. 
 What the f*ck am I supposed to do now? 
 ♪ I know you want to ♪ 
♪ jump up in the air and stay there ♪ 
♪ jump up in the air and stay there ♪ 
♪ jump up in the air and stay there ♪ 
♪ jump up in the air and stay there ♪ 
♪ jump up in the air and stay there ♪ 
♪ jump up in the air and stay there ♪ 
♪ jump up in the air and stay there ♪ 
♪ I know you want to ♪ 
 [dance music] 
 ♪ 
 Table 45 was drinking Wataribune Sake. 
 Take that back to the bar, and when you're done, flip the bottles at 72, 68, and 64. 
 They all need to order another round. 
 I think they're slowing down. 
 Then get them up and out, Holly... we got people outside who want to give us their money. Go. 
 Oh, my God, I had so much fun. 
 I know, me too, girl. 
 Thanks for coming. 
 All right, babe. Call me later. 
 All right. 
 Okay. 
 Get home safely, Lakeisha. 
 Hi. Thank you. 
 Everything okay? 
 Yeah. 
 You good? Entertaining our guests? 
 It's late, baby. Why don't we go home? 
 You know, we could do a little celebrating of our own. 
 You take the car. Send Shawn back for me. 
 Alex. 
 Yeah. 
 Can you please escort my wife to the door? 
 Night, T. 
 I'm sticking around. 
 ♪ 
 [Background chatter] 
 Going home now, Mrs. St. Patrick? 
 Where else would I go? 
 [Dance music] 
 ♪ 
 See that, pop? 
 I did it. 
 Your boy did it. 
 I've been looking all over for you. 
 Everyone got clear. 
 No problems. Nobody tried sh1t. 
 All the hustling, all the work. 
 From working the corner for Breeze and Kanan. 
 It brought us here. 
 You know, for two knuckleheads that grew up like us, Tommy, to make it in the city, man, ain't no small sh1t. 
 We lost 200k tonight, before we closed the store. 
 Plus whatever we lost since. 
 We make up for that selling drinks? 
 The money ain't the real problem. 
 f*ck that, it's not the real problem. 
 No, the real problem... we need to find out who the f*ck is behind this. 
 Miguel died tonight to protect them. 
 We need answers. 
 Quick. 
 Especially after we tell Lobos we got hit. 
 sh1t, I say we don't tell him. 
 He ain't gotta know about this. 
 We pay him, get the f*ck out of there. 
 Nah. 
 We gotta get out in front of it, man. 
 Only six months we're working for him. 
 We got no history built. 
 Lobos finds out about this, and we ain't say sh1t? 
 It's our ass anyway. We got his product sitting in a goddamn shipping container losing money by the minute. 
 [Phone vibrates] 
 Your mom? 
 Yeah. 
 She probably can't f*cking sleep again. 
 I'm just saying, Lobos sets fire to people. 
 That guy was f*cking his sister, man. 
 We gotta give him his money... cash. 
 Yeah. I got half. But it's out at my mother's. 
 I'll bring it tomorrow. 
 Hey, I heard back from Drift. That guy over in E.O.? 
 He wants to get up with us next week. 
 Talked about buying from us. 
 Nah, we gotta hold off on Jersey. 
 Not till we find out what the f*ck's going on. 
 Can't expand under fire. 
 Hey, yo. 
 You got some fine-ass-looking girls serving drinks in there, by the way. 
 There was this one... red hair, tall. 
 What's her name? 
 Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. 
 Yeah. 
 Her name is... 
 Don't touch the merchandise, m*therf*cker. 
 Don't touch the... okay. [Laughs] 
 You ever gonna get over that red hair sh1t? 
 Probably not. 
 [Engine turns] 
 [Elevator bell dings] 
 [Alarm chirps] 
 [Cell phone beeps] 
 When did you get home? 
 Late. [Exhales] 
 You know, I could help you relax... if you let me. 
 Oh, come on, Tash. 
 Let me. 
 [Moans] 
 I can't. Please. 
 Please, man. Please. 
 [Groans] 
 [Speaking Spanish] 
 [Groans] 
 [Speaking Spanish] 
 I'm not afraid to die. 
 And I'm not afraid to kill you. 
 [Gunshot] 
 [Sighs] 
 Come here. 
 I gotta go. 
 What? 
 Where you going? 
 Ah. 
 Okay, here. 
 ♪ the sun'll come out ♪ 
♪ tomorrow ♪ 
 Good girl. 
 ♪ Bet your bottom dollar that tomorrow ♪ 
♪ there'll be sun ♪ 
 Raina, what are you doing? 
 She's rehearsing, mom. 
 The auditions for the lower school play in a month, and I want to be prepared. 
 I'm talking about your outfit. 
 It's not flattering in your shape, baby. 
 How about that nice dress I bought you? 
 Nobody wears dresses to school, big mama. 
 Daddy's little girly boo-boo. 
 [Kisses] 
 Morning, Estelle. 
 Good morning. 
 We're gonna have a tea party and play with the castle. 
 [Cell phone rings] 
 Come on. 
 Sit up here with grandma. 
 Lobos. 
 - [Chattering] 
 Claro. So I got Spanish homework due Tuesday. Think dad could hook it up? No. You have to do your own work, boy. How does he know Spanish anyway? Yeah, Tasha. How does he know Spanish? I don't know. He learned before we met. Morning, Mrs. St. Patrick. Hey, Shawn. What's up, Reina? Ah, Tariq, what's up, boy? When we gonna hoop, Shawn? I've been begging you forever. Boy, leave him alone. Tariq, he's busy. Got a big job now. You want some breakfast? There's more than enough to go around. Go ahead. Oh. Come on, here. Here's your sippy. Here's your sippy. Good girl. Shawn. Son. What's up, dad? How's that history report? Give me a read later? Sounds good. All right. Have a good day. You too. Good luck, okay? Okay. Daddy loves you. Mwah. Bye. Bye, baby. Good. [Babbles] Mwah. Keep working on it, okay? Mm-hmm. Tell your moms I said hello. She's getting worse, you know. I can't be out there all the time. [Cell phone vibrates] Lobos? Better not be changing the f*cking time again. By the way, I'm rethinking this whole "tell Lobos we got hit" idea of yours. It's Kantos. Let's see what he wants. [Beep] What's up? You recognize the name Simon Stern? Yeah. The cat that owns Parlay, Verbatim, Syrup. Yeah, plus, like, five other clubs. He's one of the biggest nightlife investors in New York. His office called. Stern told the page six to write up about Truth. Wants to sit down. I got a lot of sh1t on my plate at the moment. We'll talk later. It's a big deal. He only talks to the major guys. Look, with Stern behind us, we can open up clubs in Miami and Vegas end of next year. I'll call you back, man. [Phone beeps] What's his problem now? You know what, never mind. We got real sh1t to do. Ghost, Tommy. Good to see you again. You have my money, of course? Uno, dos, tres, cuatro, cinco, seis...  [thud] [Grunts] Pedro. Orale. Now that the business is out of the way, we can eat and enjoy ourselves, eh? How are things? Just fine. Something you need to know. Hmm? We got hit last night. So I heard. Did you catch this man? We got him. He knew who to hit, where and when. So until we know how he got his information, we're exposed. Oh, so he didn't talk? Unfortunately for him. Unfortunately for you. You took your men off the street. Had to. No choice. You're losing about $25,000 an hour. It's good to see that you knew enough not to let it affect our pay schedule. When I hired you six months ago to be my New York distributor, you guaranteed me a certain level of professionalism. You told me that the Kings, the Bloods, the DDP... that none of them were worth my time. I believe the exact words were, "They're gangs. And we're a business." Hmm? You also told me that only you could guarantee me a safe and secure pipeline with no interruptions. Come on, Lobos. You know in this business, there's no guarantees. We have a plan to fix this situation. Then you don't have time for lunch. Good afternoon, gentlemen. [Chuckles] Hmm? [Opens door] I'll go see Ruiz. You get Anibal and Rolla, deal? Yeah. See you tonight. And watch your back. You too, m*therf*cker. Full detail, right? Even the trunk? Especially the trunk. Good. I hate the smell of blood. [Laughs] 
 
 [Chatter in Spanish] [Latin music plays] ♪ [Claps] ♪ He sends his regards. You play Dominoes? This is not a social visit, Anibal. We got hit last night. My bad, I ain't hear that. Not a word? Nada. Yeah, well, a score like that somebody will brag about. You hear something, 50 stacks. 75 if you bring him to us alive. Means that much to you? If it's one of your men, you can kill him yourself. We just want to watch. [Speaking Spanish] [Children laughing] If I knew who ordered it, yeah, they'd be dead already. My money guy, same as yours. They shot my boy, Angel. Had a baby on the way. That's f*cked up. Look. I know, okay, you work with other crews. You have to stop this before it goes any further. I could lend you men, extra protection. Nah, if they know we ride together, I lose trust of the Tainos and Rock Street. Tommy and I are neutral. Come on. Bueno. Maybe there's something else that we could work out. [Engine turns] It's the lead, uncle Tommy. If I get it, it'll be like a huge deal. 'Cause I'm only in the fifth grade. I'm sure you got the best singing voice in the whole place, baby girl. When are you gonna stop calling me that? I'm not the baby anymore. Jasmine is. I was there when you were born. You'll always be baby girl to me. To all of us. Baby girl. Tommy, have some more chicken. Mmm, oh. Mmm. Thanks, T. You know, if you meet a girl who can cook, I bet we'd never see you again. [Laughs] No way that'll ever happen. I gotta come over here and school Tariq in Call of Duty. Yeah, right, uncle Tommy. Yeah, right. 'Cause you know you're not supposed to be playing those games anyway. Oh, my bad. Stars for my little star. Keep working hard on that audition. Hey. Wait, daddy. Are these real diamonds? [Laughs] What you think, huh? If you keep this up, you're gonna spoil her rotten. And you don't complain when I do it to you. [Slaps] Fix me a plate, okay? Tommy and I are gonna talk in the office. We got work to do. Let me see them diamonds, baby girl. Soldado Nation got hit too. No sh1t. Ruiz got a full shipment of weapons from his Florida connect last week. Our drivers can have full use till the sh1t blows over or until we catch the m*therf*cker. He offered to have his people ride with ours. f*ck that. f*ck that. The guns, though, that could work. I know you don't like it. Police stop a driver carrying recreational weight and some cash, Tommy, that's one thing. But a gun in the car, you're looking at intent to distribute, plus the weapons charge. Kanan got what... 15 years? You got a better idea? 'Cause we gotta open up the store or Lobos will move on. Not to mention our people off the clock, and our customers will find new places to cop. Let's say we find the m*therf*cker. And it is one of Anibal's people or Rock Street Killahz or whoever. Then what? Then it's on. Then we take down the whole f*cking crew. We show them. We show everybody. You can't f*ck with us, like the old days before Kanan went inside. We were young then. Mobile. I got too much sh1t going on now to go into hiding. The kids, the club... Oh, wait, so now the club dictates what we do with the real business instead of the other way around? And we opened up the laundromats to clean the money. I was fine with that. But then you said, "let's open up a nightclub. So we can hide even more." So I agreed... to hide the money. Period. What if there could be more than that though, man? What if it's our retirement plan? You mean we grow up, go legit, live happily ever after? [Laughs] I'm sor... [Laughing] We've been hustling together our whole lives. I love this sh1t and so do you. Focus up. I say we take Ruiz up on his offer. We put the boys back on the street, and if anyone steps, they light that m*therf*cker up. Agreed? Yeah. We'll go out and get the guns from Ruiz tonight. I'll set it up. Go without me. Take Julio. I gotta handle a few things at the club. You want a place to clean our money long-term, it's gotta stay open, right? Now that's the motherfucking hustler I know talking. I'll see you at the club later. I'm going now. Gotta make sure everything's settled for tonight. Can't that new white boy do that? You pay him enough. It's a business, baby. It needs attention 24/7. So do I. Ghost, what's up? You and Tommy behind closed doors, you running around with this club. We okay? When we met, who'd you think I was gonna be? Hmm? The biggest goddamn drug dealer in New York City. You never thought about more? What more? You talking about the club as more? I saw the money you made last night. That's not more, it's less. You are the best at what you do. We have everything. I just want it to stay this way. What? When you come to the club tonight, you need to look like you own the place, not like you trying to get in for free. Wear that purple dress I got you last month. But, baby, I like this dress. I'll send Shawn back, give you time to change. [Door closes] [Dance music pounding] ♪ [R&B music] ♪ Have you seen my husband? Anybody got eyes on the boss? The boss is prepping the DJ now. I'll take you upstairs. ♪ I know where he'll get to me a little sooner. ♪ Hey. Mwah. What's up? The DJ brought backup dancers who are not in the contract. Well, we got extra spotlights on hand? We could find them. Have the guys put them up. [Own it plays] ♪ 
♪ oh, yeah ♪ 
♪ tell me where you wanna go ♪ 
♪ what you wanna do ♪ Boss, where you going? ♪ Own it, own it, own it ♪ 
♪ said I'm on top of the world ♪ 
♪ what I need is you ♪ 
♪ said we're living it like we own it ♪ 
♪ own it, own it ♪ 
♪ now there's too much ♪ 
♪ so just let the dreams flow ♪ 
♪ later on you can come through ♪ 
♪ through through through ♪ 
♪ you know you're the flyest ♪ 
♪ I should call you your highness ♪ Angie. Jamie? Angela Valdes. How long has it been? I don't know. Almost... Jesus, 18 years. You look the same. [Laughs] Well, that's proof we've gotten older. Your eyesight's going. [Laughs] My eyes work just fine. What have you been doing? For 18 years? Not sure there's a short answer. Choate, college, law school... Law school? Okay, big-time. Stop it. I'm still the same "round the way" girl I always was. Same girl, huh? Not exactly. I don't remember that dress. Well, I don't remember that suit either, uptown. What have you been up to, Jamie? What have you been doing all these years? Boss, the new DJ's gonna start. Wait, did he just call you "boss"? I own this place. Kantos said he needs to talk to you now. All right. Um... Sorry, I gotta... You got a nightclub to run. I get it. ♪ You deserve this crown ♪ 
♪ we got it sewn up ♪ 
♪ because we own it ♪ It was good to see you. You too. ♪ Because we own it ♪ You know what, give me your number. I ain't gonna let you get away that easy. ♪ 
♪ tell me where you wanna go ♪ 
♪ what you wanna do ♪ 
♪ said we living it like we own it ♪ 
♪ own it, own it ♪ 
♪ said I'm on top of the world ♪ 
♪ what I need ♪ I'll call you. Okay. ♪ Own it, own it, own it ♪ 
♪ yeah ♪ 
♪ Mrs. St. Patrick, you're not leaving, are you? The new DJ starts in a few minutes, and I'm sure the boss wants you to be here. Shawn, meet me out front. I'm leaving. [R&B music] ♪ You had your chance ♪ 
♪ but you ruined and shattered my heart ♪ 
♪ now I'm all fixed up ♪ 
♪ and I don't miss you ♪ 
♪ I get the chance ♪ 
♪ to finally say that I'm good ♪ 
♪ you completely made a fool out of you ♪ 
♪ too ♪ 
♪ come on, don't hesitate to come for you ♪ 
♪ and now you have yourself as your proof ♪ 
♪ but now I'm all healed up ♪ 
♪ and I don't need you ♪ 
♪ I get the chance to finally ♪ 
♪ say that I'm good ♪ 
♪ baby, I'm good ♪ 
♪ I'm good ♪ 
♪ oh, baby, I'm so good ♪ 
♪ I'm good ♪ 
♪ don't you know I'm so damn good ♪ 
♪ I'm good ♪ 
♪ yeah, baby ♪ 
♪ I'm good ♪ 
♪ boy, you just let her walk all over you ♪ 
♪ with her high-heel shoes ♪ 
♪ you're pleading to me you're incomplete now ♪ 
♪ without me there to make you feel ♪ 
♪ like the man I know you're not, not ♪ 
♪ but now I'm all fixed up ♪ 
♪ and I don't miss you ♪ [moans] ♪ I get the chance ♪ 
♪ to finally say that I'm good ♪ 
♪ I'm good ♪ 
♪ oh, yeah, I'm good ♪ 
♪ I'm good ♪ 
♪ I don't need your sh1t no more ♪ 
♪ baby I'm good ♪ 
♪ tired of your games and your lies ♪ 
♪ oh, yeah ♪ [exhales] [Indistinct chatter in Spanish] Yeah, a big shipment this time. We're really giving this away for free? This time. When we get there, you stay in the car. Me and Poncho will handle the drop. I set up the meeting with the guy you asked. - Good. Papi. Be home by dinner, so I can take you to your mom's, okay? Okay. [Chuckles] Okay, pa. Vamonos. Let's go, we're late. Julio tell them to check the guns? First thing I said to him. Think it bothers them they don't know who they're working for? You think the fry cook at Burger King knows the f*cking CEO? They wouldn't know that m*therf*cker if he walked in and asked for extra ketchup. [Laughs] Don't forget. One of these people might be the reason Cruz got jumped in the first place. Yeah, well, let's hope he or she is afraid to get shot. We'll know soon enough. Our soldiers are strapped now. We should be too. All this sh1t going on, how am I gonna explain to Tasha I let you run around with no piece? Let's get 'em out on the street. Time to make the doughnuts. [Indistinct chatter] Not bad for 18 years later. [Rattling] Greg. Hey, sleepyhead. You missed our run this morning. When you didn't show up and you didn't answer your cell, I thought maybe something was wrong. sh1t. Sorry. Got here and you were in the shower, so I thought I'd grab breakfast. Greg, I thought we said the key was just for emergencies. Which this could've been. This just feels a little... you don't need to check on me. Come on, Angela, I think most women would be happy to know that someone's looking out for them. You're right. I'm sorry. You just startled me is all. Thank you. [Phone vibrates] I gotta go. See you later. [Door opens and closes] Angela Valdes came into the club last night. From high school? Wow. What's that... 18 years. How'd she look? Mm. That good, huh? She married now, she got kids? No ring, didn't say nothing about kids. You tell her about yours? Well, we didn't talk that long. Oh, sh1t. What's that supposed to mean? What that means is what are you thinking about doing? When that girl moved away, she seriously f*cked you up. I was there, remember? Aw, come on. That was a long time ago. Well, Tasha's a good woman, man. You ain't never f*cked around on her before. Why do you want to go sniffing around pussy from high school? Tommy, first of all, I can't believe you starting some sh1t about monogamy. You got more bitches than a goddamn pound, but second, I know me and Tasha got a good thing. I'm not trying to f*ck that up. It's just got me thinking, you know, about the road not traveled, that's all. "The road not traveled"? You are a rich, successful m*therf*cker. What more do you want? I want to see how Angela turned out. No, you already saw how she turned out. Anything else is just you trying to heal wounds from childhood. You gotta stop watching that Dr. Philshit. [Laughter] That man knows what he's talking about. Shut up. Sit down. You shut up. No, shut up. So long, m*therf*cker. You didn't ask about that thing we did the other night. You clean it up like I said? Then there ain't nothing to ask about. What, you think I forgot? Yeah, I do. Get the f*ck out of here. [Muffled hip-hop music] ♪ Can I borrow this? [Scoffs] No way, girl. That's new. But the Gucci, you can have that. Damn, girl. Ghost keeps you laced. Yo, I don't care. I'll take your hand-me-downs as long as you're giving them out. So this is what happily ever after looks like. You hit the lottery, girl. Niggas ain't getting married like that, and certainly not rich niggas. He wasn't rich when I met him. Hmm. You know, Keisha, clothes and bags are nice, but there are some things about Ghost you can't see. You don't gotta play modest with me, Tasha. I'm not playing modest. I'm not gonna die of jealousy over here, especially if you're through with these boots. Hold up, what size you wear again? You know I don't get all this European sh1t. [Cell phone chimes, vibrates] Hey, baby. You out shopping with Lakeisha yet? We're still at the house. Good. I got something in the oven I need you to take care of. Tasha, you heard me? I need you to take it out before it burns. Yes, I'm on it. Yeah. [Phone beeps] Thank you, baby. Okay, I'll see you tonight. [Phone beeps] What was that? He left me some extra money to go shopping. I'll just go get it. I'll be right back. You see what I mean? You hit the motherfucking lottery. Damn. [Dialing] [Siren wails in distance] [Line trills] [Cell phone chimes] Hello? Angela. Jamie? You surprised I called? I told you I wasn't gonna let you get away again, and I meant it. Come have lunch with me. I can't. I have a presentation in front of my whole office today. Yeah, and if I know you, you've been studying on that sh1t for weeks. [Laughs] Come on, girl. You gotta eat. Where? [Indistinct chatter] I do business with niggers. Bueno. Bueno. [Hip-hop music playing from headphones] ♪ New York's so different now. Citi bikes, no cars in Times Square. White people living uptown. [Laughter] You been gone a minute. Mm. You finally got your nightclub. Your dad would've been proud. I told you about my father's nightclub? He lost the place before we met. I didn't remember I told you that. I think we told each other everything back then. Hmm. The last time we had lunch, I'm pretty sure there was no linen tablecloths. I don't think we had chairs. [Laughter] We grabbed a slice at the counter at Ray's on Sutphin. You kept refilling your coke. The manager was giving you that evil-ass look. [Laughs] You kept going. The sign said, "free refills." [Laughs] I was trying to get you to stay longer. I almost missed my train. That was the idea. That was the idea. Choate was the opportunity of a lifetime. But that doesn't mean it was easy to go. Jamie, I'm sorry. I'm sorry I left the way I did. Your parents made you go. But I didn't fight them. You said you'd be back for Christmas. My family moved to Sunnyside after I left. I had the same number. But you were just... [Whoosh] Gone. And then when my pops died, I thought then, at least, you would reach out. I should've been there for you. But I just knew that if I called, if I heard your voice, I would go back. I would've dropped everything for you. Everything my parents worked for, everything I'd worked for... So I made a choice. I wouldn't have asked you to come back. You didn't belong in the hood. Neither did you. Ah. But now we're both out, just like we always planned. Not exactly how we planned. Oh, sh1t. What? I gotta go. Now? I gotta get back to the office. All right. Thanks for lunch. Mm-hmm. Mmm. Bye. When can we do this again? I'll call you. [Safe beeping] [Sirens wail in distance] Don't fill out the total. Why not? I'm gonna confirm your count at the bank. I'll take that. Every club I've ever managed, I always do the deposit. There's a first time for everything. Deposit slip. I already signed it. Want a fresh one? Nah, I'm sure yours will turn out fine. Look, we hired you for your contacts, not your reputation. Hey, about that... boss never told me how you found out about that. None of your f*cking business how we know. As long as you work for us, this is how it goes. We don't have a problem, do we? No, we don't. [Laughs] Was just about to send out a search party for you. You're never late. I know. Sorry. Lunch ran long. Frankie, I know you went out on a limb for me. I'm not gonna blow it. If you do, it's both our asses. Congrats on the promotion, Valdes. Thanks, Saxe. You're on this now? Just got assigned. If I request reassignment, they're gonna ask why. I'm Francesca Lavarro, Chief of Criminal Division along with my deputy, A.U.S.A. Angela Valdes. I'll be leading this task force. Our goal is the prosecution of one of the most notorious drug traffickers in our hemisphere, Mexican national Felipe Lobos. Lobos's brutality and vicious nature are well documented. For everyone's safety, please remember the task force is top secret. And no one, not even your families, can know the name of the target of this investigation. Agent Medina, can you please bring everybody up to speed on Lobos's movements in New York this week? Lobos landed at Teterboro airport on Tuesday. Once a year, he comes to New York to meet with his banker and his American attorneys. Now, he did make those meetings, but I followed him to a third, to meet this man... Carlos "Vibora" Ruiz. Leader of the Due Loco Set of the Soldado Nation gang. We learned that, one, Lobos has one single distributor for his product in New York City. Two, he's not entirely happy with his distributor. And three, Soldado Nation and Ruiz are too low-rent for Lobos. They're not organized enough to distribute his product. And he was not shy in telling Mr. Ruiz he did not give a f*ck! [Laughter] We have permission from the Mexican government to detain and prosecute Mr. Lobos if we can build a compelling case against him. We can't touch him unless we know we can put him in jail. Who can give us the names, places, and dates we need to convict Lobos? His New York distributor. Unfortunately we have no idea who that is. We do have a profile of the type of criminal we're looking for. [Dramatic music] He's a highly organized individual with an established network in place. He already knows how to move money through the system, is violent enough to control his territory, but still has something to lose... something Lobos can threaten to keep him in line. [Indistinct chatter] So why is Lobos looking to replace him? What could've gone wrong? There must be some element out of his control. [Elevator bell dings] [Grunting] [Screams] [Gunshot] [Screams] Whatever the reason, this problem between Lobos and his local guy is exactly what we need to exploit, because the man we're looking for is in grave danger... from Lobos and from us. We can give him a way out, but only if he decides to take it. [Cell phone vibrates] Tommy, what's up? I'm on my way. ♪ They say this is a big, rich town ♪ 
♪ I just come from the poorest part ♪ 
♪ legal or illegal, baby, I gotta make it ♪ 
♪ I never took a straight path nowhere ♪ 
♪ life's full of twists and turns, bumps and bruises ♪ 
♪ I live, I learn ♪ 
♪ I'm from that city full of yellow cabs and skyscrapers ♪ 
♪ it's hard to get a start in these parts without paper ♪ 
♪ homey, I grew up in hell, a block away from heaven ♪ 
♪ that corner every 15 minutes, they moving seven ♪ 
♪ pure snow, bag it, then watch it go ♪ 
♪ occupational options, get some blow or some hos ♪ 
♪ shoot the ball or the strap, learn to rap or to Jack ♪ 
♪ f*ck it, man, in the meantime, go head and pump a pack ♪ 
♪ this my regal, royal flow, my James Bond bounce ♪ 
♪ that 007, that's 62 on my count ♪ 
♪ I'm an undercover liar, I lie under the covers ♪ 
♪ look a bitch in the eyes and tell her, baby, I love ya ♪ 
♪ you're my inspiration, you're my motivation ♪ 
♪ you're the reason that I'm moving with no hesitation ♪ 
♪ they say this is a big, rich town ♪ 
♪ yeah, I just happen to come up hard ♪ 
♪ legal or illegal, baby, I gotta make it ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 