Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x07 - You're Not the Man - Power 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x07 - You're Not the Man https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=318&t=19658 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 07/26/15 08:15 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x07 - You're Not the Man 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on  Power... 
 Once you get in bed with Stern, it's near impossible to get out. 
 But if you and I work hard, we can beat him to the punch. 
 Kantos : Stern and Madeline are getting a divorce. 
 Why do you think he's been out of the country so much? Hiding his assets. 
 I just want you to know that I'm here for you, you and the kids. 
 I'm here to let you know the due date's been pushed up, so now I'm pushing. 
 Tommy here will contact you about pickups. Let's get paid. 
 Ghost and Tommy had a meeting, the whole group. You weren't invited. 
 I got something for you. It's my grandmother's. 
 Angela : If I don't prove James is Ghost, Tommy's gonna take the hit. 
 See you here tomorrow night. 
 Your money, new ID, and train ticket. 
 The Feds called me in for questioning. 
 I can save us by giving them Ghost. 
 Are you out of your f*cking mind? Holly! 
 Ghost : Angela is close to arresting Tommy. 
 She loves you, so she will protect you. 
 You keep f*cking that bitch until I tell you to stop. 
 ♪ They say this is a big rich town ♪ 
♪ I just come from the poorest part ♪ 
♪ Bright lights, city life, I got to make it ♪ 
♪ This is where it goes down ♪ 
♪ I just happen to come up hard ♪ 
♪ Legal or illegal, baby, I gotta make it ♪ 
♪ I never took a straight path nowhere ♪ 
♪ Life's full of twists and turns, bumps and bruises ♪ 
♪ I live, I learn, I'm from that city ♪ 
♪ Full of yellow cabs and skyscrapers ♪ 
♪ It's hard to get a start in these parts without paper ♪ 
♪ Homie, I grew up in hell, a block away from heaven ♪ 
♪ That corner, every 15 minutes it move a seven ♪ 
♪ Pure snow, bag it, then watch it go ♪ 
♪ Occupational options, get some blow or some hos ♪ 
♪ Shoot the bowl or the strap, learn to rap or to jack ♪ 
♪ f*ck it, man, in the meantime go ahead and pump a pack ♪ 
♪ This my regal royal flow, my James Bond bounce ♪ 
♪ That 007, that 62 on my count ♪ 
♪ I'm an undercover liar, I lie under the covers ♪ 
♪ Look a bitch in the eyes and tell her, "Baby, I love you ♪ 
♪ You're my inspiration, you're my motivation ♪ 
♪ You're the reason that I'm moving with no hesitation" ♪ 
♪ They say this is a big rich town ♪ 
♪ Yeah ♪ 
♪ I just come from the poorest part ♪ 
♪ Bright lights, city life, I got to make it ♪ 
♪ This is where it goes round ♪ 
♪ Yeah ♪ 
♪ I just happen to come up hard ♪ 
♪ Legal or illegal, baby, I got to make it ♪ 
 [hip-hop music playing] 
 ♪ Ooh ♪ 
 ♪ Unh, I can tell by the way ♪ 
♪ You been looking at your girlfriend ♪ 
♪ Girlfriend, girlfriend ♪ 
♪ Okay ♪ 
♪ I can tell by the way ♪ 
 ♪ You been dancing with your girlfriend ♪ 
♪ Girlfriend, girlfriend ♪ 
 [woman moans] ♪ Can I ask? ♪ 
 ♪ Is you down? Is you down? ♪ 
♪ Is you down? Is you down? ♪ 
♪ Now, it ain't hard to tell by the way ♪ 
♪ You been looking at her face ♪ 
♪ It's something on your expression ♪ 
♪ Looking like you need a taste ♪ 
♪ Of that ace, take the ground ♪ 
♪ It's nothing that I can say ♪ 
♪ It's a lot up on her plate... ♪ Tasha : So, are you f*cking her yet? If you want to control her mind, you need to control her body. If you hitting it right, we may have a shot at staying out of jail. What am I saying? Of course you're hitting it right. That was never your problem. Thank you. Angela talked to Holly. What'd the bitch tell her? I don't know, but I'll find out. You better. Tasha, I could have come to the house to talk. No, you couldn't have. You gonna talk to Holly? No need. She's gone. I need to find out if she told Tommy anything. With her out of the picture, he's unpredictable. Got Lobos collecting any day now, Stern's up my ass... I asked for my bacon crispy. These people don't listen. [sighs] Look, Lobos I get. But after we pay him, we still got the biggest problem... Angela. And you keeping her happy enough not to arrest you. Angela isn't that simple, Tasha. Great s*x ain't gonna keep her from thinking for herself. Then you need to outthink her just like you did me. [vocalizing] [dog barking] [groans] ♪ Yo, this is the era of the bad seed ♪ 
♪ Terrorize at max speed ♪ 
♪ Minimize those guidelines and amplify that vaccine ♪ 
♪ Ambien on overdose, I'm walking through my bedroom ♪ 
♪ Promise that I'll make it through, the hanger calling at you ♪ 
♪ Cold, but no chestnuts, shockers, but no handcuffs ♪ 
♪ Say it loud, black and proud... ♪ [barking] Shut the f*ck up! [barks, whimpers] ♪ Queasiness, what I'm facing ♪ 
♪ Never been one to follow, I captain my occupation ♪ 
♪ Proud to stay at attention, now place your face on the pavement ♪ 
♪ Check the city, we winnin', won't give it, so now let's take it ♪ [vocalizing] ♪ Hey ♪ [vocalizing] ♪ Get ready for the disaster ♪ 
♪ Disaster, disaster ♪ 
♪ I'm in good, I've been ready for it... ♪ [vocalizing] [line ringing] This is Holly. You know what to do. [shouts] ♪ Sometimes in life, man ♪ 
♪ You gotta fight back, you know what I mean? ♪ 
♪ See what I feel ♪ ♪ Let's go ♪ ♪ Why you grinning? I'll be dressed in linen ♪ 
♪ Kings down, British style, George and lieutenant ♪ 
♪ Lieutenant revolution as they gave me a sentence ♪ 
♪ Not that I wouldn't end up seeing stars that... ♪ [knock on door] f*ck. [pounding on door] Okay. [knocks] f*ck. Ghost. What's up, kid? What's up, man? Just about to go on a run. To see who? Dre. Oh, word. You all right? You had a rough night? Huh? Where's Holly? We, uh... man, we had a fight. Well, she'll come back, right? I mean, what female can stay away from old Tommy Tom? [both chuckle] I know that's right. Make that bitch beg when she come back. That's my m*therf*cker. Yeah. But seriously, you okay? Looks like you need some sleep, man. Pssh, not even, man. I'm... I'm a hund'ed. All right. Okay. For real. Nah, but for real, I gotta... I gotta head out to this meeting, meet up with Dre. You know, let him know that the... schedule's been moved up. Why don't you let me handle that? We got Lobos and a whole lot of other big sh1t coming up. I need your head right. Thank you. Always. Clean up a bit. [chuckles] f*ck you. [door closes] Man : Thomas Patrick Egan. Never heard his name before. Not one of our usual suspects this time, Ms. Valdes. Your Honor, the government believes the affidavit before you demonstrates sufficient probable cause for Mr. Egan's arrest. May I question my witness, Special Agent Gregory Knox, the lead investigator on our Felipe Lobos task force? Proceed. I'm all ears. Agent Knox, who is Thomas Egan and what is his relationship to the subject under investigation? We believe Thomas Patrick Egan is Lobos' New York distributor known on the street as Ghost. Our goal is to apprehend Egan and pressure him to testify against Lobos. We have strong evidence to support that Mr. Egan  is responsible for the killing of a confidential informant, Nomar Arcielo, who was working for us within Egan's network. We believe Egan discovered Arcielo was working for us and killed him. Agent Knox, what was Arcielo's dying declaration? He said Ghost was the man that stabbed him. And if you want an arrest warrant for Ghost, I'll sign one right now, but what exactly is your evidence that Thomas Patrick Egan is this Ghost? His car near the scene of a murder? A voice on a tape? Any photographs to prove that Egan was actually driving his car at the time of its location at the Ruiz hideout? No, Your Honor, but the frequency of these occurrences leads us to believe there is no doubt... Were his fingerprints at the scene of the murder of Nomar Arcielo? Blood, DNA of any kind? No. Your Honor, there's enough in this affidavit  to grant us a warrant. It's just an arrest, not a trial. I am fully aware of the government's burden here, Ms. Valdes. The question is, are you? Do you have a witness  who can prove Egan is Ghost  or that Ghost exists at all? I'll watch Egan, see what I can find. As for a witness, all we have is Egan's girlfriend, Holly Weaver. Unfortunately, when the Ohio warrant vanished, our leverage against her went with it. You saw her, Greg. You know she won't flip. I also know you're still talking to her. You heard Schepisi. Only Holly can get us what we need. I'll find her. Good. I'll stay on Egan. Who knows? Maybe he'll slip up. Man : Holly Elizabeth Weaver. Age is 25. Eyes... blue. Hair is red. Is she considered to be armed or dangerous? No, not armed. Good. Not dangerous, if you don't count her mouth. Hey, didn't we look for this girl before? I requested a trace on her cell. Right. It was in a garbage can somewhere. And you think this girl's still alive? I got information that she left town. If she is out there, we will find her. Call me as soon as you get anything. You got it. [overlapping chatter] Stay in the car, Shawn. Finally get to meet the man. He left you in charge, right? Yeah. Good. I'm gonna need that money sooner than later. You can handle that? sh1t. Gonna leave me broker than a m*therf*cker, but you the boss. We play by your rule. Let's walk, man. How you know Special K? I met him on the inside. He was an old head, you know what I mean? Kept his distance from us youngsters, but when I got jumped... [scoffs] That m*therf*cker was right there, man. He saved your life. He said y'all ran the streets together, though. You didn't stay long. You got out. You want to get out of the hood? I mean, doesn't everybody? Not Kanan. Offered him a job. He said, "No, thanks." Went right back to them streets. Some people, you know, only believe in what they can see. [chuckles] I can see you, and you ain't from here no more. I got a little girl, you know. Would be good if she grew up and didn't remember living here at all. You got ambition. No doubt. [phone buzzing] Hey, Tasha. What's up? Shawn, are you alone? Yeah, for a minute. Why? I need to know if that woman has ever been in the house. Angela? Nah, I never took her there. Wait. She's been in the car? I guess you saying Kanan can't teach me how to get out the hood. I'm saying he trusts you, so he'll keep you close, tell you everything he's thinking. [chuckles] Nah. He don't tell me everything. He got somebody else for that. All right, bet. I'm gonna get you your money when you come back. A pleasure. [distant siren wailing] Tasha : Have you ever left her alone in the car? No. Why? Are you sure? I know Ghost had you driving her around everywhere. sh1t, I gotta go. Okay, well, I need you to bring that car by here as soon as you take Ghost to Truth. Yeah, okay. I will. Going to the club now, Uncle G? We're almost done with the house. Looking clean. No bugs or listening devices. [squealing] Tasha : Well, um...  maybe you guys can go grab some coffee and come back, because there's one other place I need you to check. Sure. Guys. [elevator dings] Tommy : Mm-hmm. This f*cking bitch again. Hey, yo, I think that car over there has driven by twice already. The blue one? Yeah. With the old lady driving? Come on, dawg. You tripping. Relax. [sniffles] Yeah, yeah, yeah. You're right. [machine rattling] I ain't never processed this much money in my life, and now they want to move it? It's just been a little wild. Keep your mouth shut, though. You don't want to end up on the wrong side of this m*therf*cker. Look, now, we never had a problem with the Wash and Fold before. What makes you think we gotta move all the money out of here right now? Call it a hunch. All at once? I'm just thinking it's probably smarter if you move it a little bit at a time. I ain't paying you to think. We gotta get this sh1t out of here, split it up, get all our eggs out of one basket. Oh, hey. There you are. Look, uh... What are you doing over there? Used to be my office, Kantos. Just needed something I left in what used to be my desk. Oh. All right. Anyway, listen, the other night when we had a couple drinks, I was way out of line. I really shouldn't have been talking about Stern's divorce. Doesn't affect me one way or another. Still, I... It's a private matter, all right? Don't worry. I won't blow you up with your boss. Thanks. You got it. I'm gonna work on the deposits. [beeping] Here's my time card, James. Thank you. Oh, hey, Dominique. You change your hair? You look... good. Thanks. All right, perfect. Just a signature's all I need. All right. Well, thank you. Here you go. Thank you. Oh, Shawn, can you give him your keys? Hey, what's going on? What, you think Angela put something in the car? Why would she do that? I was hoping she left something behind, proof that she and Ghost are f*cking. I might need it. You can't tell Ghost any of this, okay? You can't tell him anything that I do, even if he asks directly. Tasha... you can trust me. Okay, if we're gonna do this, we need to be very careful. Anything that happens between us, you have to keep it a secret. You cannot make a mistake. I won't make a mistake. Tasha, I'm ready to do whatever it takes to be with you. Good. Come on, move your f*cking feet. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. [engine starts] [camera clicking] Hey, J, you ever get molested in one of these things? sh1t, I try to block that day out. I do, too, but I can't. Father Maloney's hands, they were so soft. [laughs] [siren wailing] f*ck. What do you want me to do, man? Well, you ain't gonna outrun 'em in this piece of sh1t. And none of y'all strapped? No? Good. Pull over. [car beeping] Tommy : Yo, V...  smile, m*therf*cker. Don't give him a reason to shoot. You ever hear of probable cause, Officer? Come on, T, don't f*ck with the officer. He's got plenty of probable cause. And what's that? Tommy : DWB. Driving while black, on account of my friend over there. Sorry, Officer. I'll never drive while black again. Cute. But this van was identified as a vehicle used in the commission of a crime. I will be searching it. [police radio chatter] Beautiful. You gonna arrest us for having dirty drawers, or can we go? [phone rings] [muffled music playing] Well, what's up, James? Any news on our resident cocksucker Stern? The cocksucker's out of the country, but I want to ask you a question. You keep your own books, do your own accounting? Not since I signed up for the team. Stern sent this asshole over to handle all of that. I'm blackballed from my own affairs. Same f*cking problem here, except the asshole in question used to work for me. I'm totally shut out, man. I think there's something they don't want us to know. You ever heard of something called Ravenna? No, can't say that I have. Well, that name's been popping up everywhere over here. My lease says "Ravenna Holdings" all of a sudden, but I haven't met one soul this whole time from Ravenna,  not even a lawyer. I'll look into it, Lee. You made me a promise, James. You better follow through. Have a good night, man. [knock on door]  Come in. Hey. We're running low on bottles of Effen. I need to go to the storeroom to restock, thought maybe you could help. Where's James? It's his job to keep the liquor stocked. He's really busy, so I thought I'd ask the boss. [hip-hop music playing] ♪ Unh ♪ 
♪ Unh ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ 
♪ Unh ♪ ♪ Unh, kill 'em in record time ♪ 
♪ Look at me wreck these lines, I feel like I'm at my prime ♪ 
♪ Getting better with time, the feeling is so sublime ♪ 
♪ Keep suckers in line all at the drop of a dime ♪ 
♪ Ain't nobody got a shine like mine ♪ 
♪ Flash on 'em like the mob, take over your division ♪ 
♪ We go hard, y'all scared, we chillin' ♪ 
♪ If it's too hot, be gone, good riddance ♪ 
♪ Ah, ah, good riddance ♪ 
♪ Ah, ah, good riddance ♪ 
♪ Ah, ah, good riddance ♪ 
♪ If it's too hot, be gone, good riddance ♪ 
♪ Ahh ♪ 
♪ Gorilla ♪ 
♪ Go, go, go, go ♪ A good divorce attorney is part forensic accountant, part psychologist, and part attack dog. You trust me with your secrets, and I promise to protect your interests with my dying breath. You make that speech a lot. It's usually effective. Not on you, huh? I got a pretty fine-tuned bullshit detector. Well, at least, I thought I did. I looked over the documents you sent. Is this everything? Yeah, that's it... our wills, trust funds for the kids, our prenup. You know what's in here. If you instigate the divorce, you leave with nothing. I know. That's why I hired you. I'm sure you think I was pretty stupid to sign it. When you signed this, you were 20 years old, in love. You had no idea what you were doing. But I have to admit this kind of agreement  can be hard to break. You said your husband was living outside the home? Yeah, I kicked him out. There are some women in your situation who choose to work within the marriage. That might be the better option for you. You mean stay married to him? You live completely separate lives, but you keep the joint bank account and the status. As long as he lets you keep the family residence, it can work out. If you hire me, Tasha,  I will try to break this prenup, but I can't make any guarantees. If you pursue this divorce, you could end up with nothing. [overlapping chatter] [knocks] Ange. You found something that quick? Well, actually, it's about what I didn't get. Ms. Holly Elizabeth Weaver hasn't used a credit card. She hasn't made an ATM withdrawal or so much as bought a box of tampons in the past 36 hours. She hasn't crossed the border into Canada. She hasn't boarded a plane. [sighs] Maybe her purse got stolen. If so, she didn't call the bank or the credit card company to report it. She either ditched her purse,  or she is somewhere lotioning up for Buffalo Bill. Or... She's dead. At her age, most likely. Ange, are you okay? Yeah. She is... was an important witness, that's all. Who was she supposed to be testifying against? [knock on door] Hey, you're a pleasant surprise. We need to talk now. And you're upset. Angela : Sit down. I need to see your eyes. What's this about? I'm gonna show you. Sit down. I know Holly Weaver's dead, Jamie. Angie, I...  I know what you told me...  a lie so that Tommy could get away with murder. She left town. Right. To a magical place where ATMs and credit cards don't exist. Even if you did give her money, there'd still be a trail, a hotel receipt, a plane ticket, something. I know why he did it. f*ck it, I'm probably responsible. He killed her because I asked her to testify against him. I asked her to testify about this. And this. You think Tommy had something to do with this? Tommy killed her because I asked her to explain what his car was doing here... and here. You asked Holly to testify against Tommy? You wouldn't testify against him, so I asked her. Did you think I was gonna give up, Jamie? You know me better than that. I asked her to testify about this. I knew this kid from the neighborhood. Rolla, right? Yeah, Rolla. He was killed the night of the big snowstorm a couple of months ago. How did you know him? If you hadn't left the neighborhood, Angie, you would have known him, too. He was a good kid. It's a shame. Tommy wouldn't have done that. He wouldn't have done any of it, and he didn't kill Holly. Bullshit. You know he did it, or you know who he asked to do it for him. Tell me, Jamie. Tell me right now what the f*ck happened to Holly Weaver. Tell me right now,  or I'm gonna walk out of here, and you're never gonna see me again. Fine. Good-bye, Jamie. 
 
 [door opens, closes] [door opens] Ghost : Angie, wait. I wasn't lying  and I can prove it. When Holly left town, she left with a fake ID. That's why you can't find her. She's traveling under the name Monica Moore. Are you serious? I'm a club owner, Angie. I can get a fake ID. She wanted to disappear, so I made it happen. But now you'll find her, I promise. Holly's alive. [elevator doors open] ♪ Going through changes ♪ 
♪ I'm back where I was again ♪ 
♪ Mm... ♪ [kiss] What's wrong? Is Estelle here? She's asleep. The kids, too. [sighs] Okay, so then what's the problem? What did the divorce attorney say? She says that she's not sure she can break my prenup. She reminded me that if I leave Ghost, I could end up with nothing. But if you leave him, then we'll be together. [sighs] I'll take care of you. Me and three kids and my mama? I'll figure it out, Tasha. Shawn, we can't be together, not like that, anyway. Sneaking around, trying not to get caught. This is the best we're gonna do. You need to listen to me, okay? I have more to lose than you do. No, you don't. Ghost ain't gonna kill you if he finds out about us. I don't need you to be my man, okay? I'm gonna have to be my own man from now on. No, you don't. I know you don't want to wake the kids. Should we go back to the car? ♪ Seems like I'm born again ♪ 
♪ Oh ♪ [R&B music playing] ♪ Say what you like ♪ 
♪ Do as you please ♪ 
♪ Be who you want ♪ 
♪ It's all the same to me ♪ 
♪ Say what you like ♪ 
♪ Do as you please ♪ 
♪ Be who you want ♪ 
♪ It's all the same to me ♪ [chatter] [tools grinding] Every penny accounted for. It's always good doing business with you, Víbora. Aren't you forgetting something? Ah... [speaking Spanish] I'm not looking for a smoke, Ghost. I'm looking for the time and place of your Lobos meet. That's what I meant when I said I wanted a seat at the table. You're right, Lobos and I did not get along, but that doesn't mean he should be unaware of my importance to the organization. He should learn some respect. I don't have a time nor a place. Jefe  hasn't given me any details. But when I know, you know. I plan to hold you to that. We're good. [door closes] It all there? Yeah, but I ain't gonna bullshit you, man. This turnaround hurt. I'm gonna need that re-up soon. I hear that. I got it, all right? Later. Yo, so where do we take this drop to? To the f*cking Wash and Fold. What you mean? Nah, we bugged out of that. We moved all the money out of the Wash and Fold? Why? Tommy had a hunch. He wasn't wrong either. Our van got searched on the way out. We didn't have sh1t in it, but still. Sure it wasn't a random stop? Cops went straight for the bags. Where's the money now? It's in transit. [sighs] Good work, J. Let's go. I need you to try again. Use the same picture, same height, same weight, but this time, try the name Monica Moore. Monica Moore is a really common name. I mean, this could take a while. Call me when you get something, even if it's in the middle of the night. I don't care. Wake me the f*ck up. Hey, Ghost! Come here. Get over here. Where the hell have you been? You ducking my calls? No. I can't talk on the phone. Tommy, where are we going? They could be listening to us. They who? No, they're closing in on us, and it's too f*cking late to go anywhere. They know where we keep our money. We got pulled over today for no reason. The cop went through our bags. They didn't find sh1t, but he knew where to look. Tommy, I told you I had all of this under control, didn't I? You moving money around and sh1t puts us more at risk. You gotta keep your head low, man. We get the money from our  primeras. We turn it over to Lobos, then we have options. Angela is way closer than you think, Ghost. Way closer. You can't stop her. You and I own the Wash and Fold legally. Operative f*cking word, legally. Public record. You look it up in the phone book, there it is, Wash and Fold. If the Feds show up at the goddamn warehouse, then we have a f*cking problem. [laughs] Oh, yeah. Angela ain't got proof of who we are or what the f*ck we do. If she did, we'd be arrested a long time ago. We gotta just stay cool, man, act like nothing happened. Trust me. I got a plan. It'll all work out. I trust you. It's her I don't trust. She's the problem, G. You been f*cking her this whole time, telling her you're gonna leave Tasha. Well, you did. You left Tasha. And she's still coming after us. Don't you get it? When you gonna realize you ain't in control of this situation no more? No plan of yours is gonna stop her till she gets what she f*cking wants. [grunts] [thunder rumbles] [siren chirping] Tasha, I need to see you. It's an emergency. [elevator bell dings] Where are the kids? You said it was an emergency, so I sent them out with Mama. We got a problem with Tommy. I think he's gonna try to kill Angela. [laughs] Good! I'm serious. Come on. Tasha, he'll listen to you. I need you to get him under control. I know what I'm asking you to do. You have no idea. I was a good wife. I helped you. I loved you. I trusted you. So I signed a piece of paper  that said if I leave you, I don't get a dime. Why are you looking at our prenup again? Why the f*ck do you think? I couldn't risk a divorce. You knew everything. You know everything. As long as you remain my wife, then you can't testify against me. Testify against you? I wouldn't do that to the kids. I didn't want to give you a choice. So now you got us all hooked into you and your sh1t. So if you go down, we all go down. f*ck you, Ghost. I got a plan, Tasha, okay? But Angela's gotta remain alive for it to work. If Tommy kills Angela, then the entire force of the FBI comes raining down on us. We lose everything, you lose everything, the children lose everything. Look around, Tash. All of it, gone. Or you can trust me and help me see this through to the end. [phone buzzing] You got something? Darryl : So a redheaded Monica Moore just checked into a seedy motel outside of Scranton. Scranton? The girl matches the description. Text me the address. Okay. Bye. Tommy. What the f*ck are you doing? I know what you're about to do, okay? Then you should let me do it, you of all people. I know everything. As much as I want this bitch dead, too, now is not the time. He send you? Yeah, but he was right this time. f*cking Ghost. He's everywhere. [phone buzzes] Mrs. Stern. James. You can tell Simon I will in no way capitulate to any of his demands. He wasted your time sending you here. You don't understand. I know how you feel. Excuse me? That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard. You were young when you met him. He's not the man you thought he was. You gave him your whole life, and now he's abandoned you. You want him to burn. So do I. What do you want? I have good reason to believe that Simon has been skimming from the clubs, hiding assets. And I don't have proof yet, but I know he's working with an outside company, Ravenna. Ravenna? That sick b*st*rd. What is it? Our daughter's name. I didn't know you had kids. We don't. She died, 10 days old. I'm sorry. Ravenna's not an outside company. That's Simon. I can promise you that. Well, then he's hiding money from you and properties. But that could also be a trick. I wouldn't put it past Simon to send you here with this story. I wouldn't put it past him either, but you should get your lawyers to check out what I'm saying... his travel out of the country, bank accounts. If I'm wrong, no foul. But if I'm right... well, if I'm right, you and I could help each other out. Would you do that for me? For yourself? Shawn : Nah, nah. I'm gonna call you back. Give me the phone. Uncle G, I was just talking to my mom. You been acting like a punk kid, hanging up the phone every time you see me coming. What the f*ck is going on, Shawn? Give me the f*cking phone. Where's your father? Where's Kanan? I don't know. That's bullshit. You ain't never kept a secret from me till that m*therf*cker got out of jail. Now where is he? I honestly don't know, Uncle G. You tell him if he doesn't show up or you can't make him show up, I don't have any use for you, not for another f*cking minute. I can't trust you. You understand what I'm saying? Take your f*cking phone. [overlapping chatter] [music playing] You should have let me kill her. Nah, Ghost says that he needs Angela alive for his plan to work. But as soon as this is over, that bitch is catching a bullet from my gun, not yours. [laughs] That is why I love you, T. You a stone-cold bitch! [Tasha scoffs] Hey. [bills rustling]  Here. Here. Buy yourself a drink. And mind your own f*cking "bidness." [whispering] Ah, Holly could have been like you, T. She had it in her. That's the first time in my life I could, like, see down the road. Like a kid with her. [whispering] Stay right there. What you doing? Try not to look like a sad puppy. Hi. You see my friend over there? He just had his heart broken... [indistinct murmuring] Bartender, can I get another round over here! Yeah. Yeah, let's go. Tommy, I think you've had a lot to drink. Yeah? Meghan and Sarah here will make sure you get home safe. [hip-hop music playing] [sniffing, laughing] ♪ Do your thing, girl ♪ 
♪ Whoo! ♪ 
♪ Do your thing, girl... ♪ Yeah. ♪ Unh, baby, girl ♪ 
♪ So smooth... ♪ Oh, yeah. ♪ Make a player want to rub that ♪ 
♪ 'Cause you got me in the mood ♪ 
♪ Come here, girl, let me touch that ♪ 
♪ So give me what you got, give me what you got ♪ 
♪ We can make it hot just the way that you like it ♪ 
♪ Come over to my spot, over to my spot ♪ 
♪ Panties, let 'em drop, have a hell of a night, yeah ♪ 
♪ What you did to me, I don't know ♪ 
♪ Make me want to give you all my dough ♪ 
♪ I don't care, everybody, all I'm thinking ♪ 
♪ Is, is do your thing, girl... ♪ [moaning] ♪ Okay ♪ [laughs] [sighs] Hey. What about me? What about you? I'll take care of you. No, you got way more dick than I did. I want more f*cking dick. Hey. Hey. I got an idea. How 'bout you shut the f*ck up? f*ck you. That's it. Party's over. Get the f*ck out of here. What? Get the f*ck out of here. Asshole. Take your sh1t. Get f*cking out of here. At least give me some f*cking coke, then. Want some f*cking blow? Here, take your f*cking blow. [dog barking] Jesus. Tommy : Hey, wait. Here, take this f*cking mutt with you. Get out of here. No, no, no, no. Come back. Come back. Give me the dog. But... [whimpers] Get out of here. [door opens, slams] [pounding on door] Who the f*ck is it? I've got a gun! And herpes, so you should find some other girl to mess with. Angela : Well, at least we both know you don't have a gun, Holly. You've got the wrong room. Look, I can get the state troopers to open the door,  but I think you'd rather just talk to me. How the f*ck did you find me here? You really f*cked me, Holly. You f*cked me first. That's how I ended up here. What happened? Why'd you run? I didn't have a choice... because of you. You told Tommy what I wanted? He asked me where I was the whole f*cking day you had me in custody. Couldn't come up with a good enough lie. He threw me out. I was worried. I thought you were dead. Well, I could have been, thanks to you. I was lucky to get out of there before he put my head through a f*cking wall. You could have called me. You told me you wouldn't help me without the gun, so I went to your boyfriend. He helped me get away from Tommy. The fake-name thing was his idea, in case Tommy looked for me. If James is Ghost, why would he help you? Why would you go to him for help? I lied. Excuse me? You told me he was Ghost. You come to me with a story about Tommy being a drug dealer. Looks like you have proof. I don't know. You said you were looking for someone named Ghost. I recognized you. I knew you knew James. When I said it, I saw your face. You bought in. And then you wouldn't let it go, so I figured I could save Tommy and save myself. Turns out I could only save one of us. I pick me. So you're completely done with Tommy? You don't care what happens to him? No, I don't. So then tell me about his relationship with Felipe Lobos. I know you know something. I'm not gonna tell you sh1t. Get the f*ck out of here. I never want to see you again. Okay. Well, if you change your mind, you know where to find me. Good luck, Holly. It's Monica now. [sighs] f*ck. She bought it. Ghost : I heard everything. There's a Western Union about a mile from the motel. Be there in an hour. I'm sending you enough for you to disappear for good. Good-bye, Holly. Good-bye, Ghost. [siren wailing] Seems like you made the wrong turn somewhere, playboy. Yeah, well, I grew up around here, all right? So don't forget that. Looks like you already have. [laughs] Where's my father at, man? He ain't been answering my calls and I know he's been talking to you. I ain't heard from that nigga, man. Maybe he's done with New York for a while. What's up, bro? Well, tell him that Lobos is coming into town, all right? Maybe that'll change his mind. ♪ I've got the space, I'm good now... ♪ There she is. For you. Thanks. Nice place. Thanks. I can see why Simon wanted to take it from you. Your information checked out. With proof I can destroy him in this divorce. You said you had documentation? I will. I have to get some papers in Florida, actually, some other places. May take a minute, but I'll come through. I'll stall my attorneys. And what do you want in exchange? Well, you said it. It's a nice place. It's my place. I want it back. So I put a little extra in here for you. All right? Hey, Julio. Yo. What the f*ck's going on, man? First all these hits. Now the police searching our sh1t? If there was something that we needed to know, Tommy would have told us, all right? He was right about moving the sh1t out and he was right about dividing it up. Now y'all know where the f*ck you're going? Yeah. Let's go. Get to work. Yo, the news you were waiting for just walked through the front door, man. Buy yourself a bus ticket, nigga, 'cause you need to get back in town ASAP. Felipe. [speaking Spanish] New Jersey. Teterboro. Lobos : New York. I found Holly Weaver. Or should I say Monica Moore? What did she say? That you helped her get away from Tommy. I wouldn't be here otherwise. So we can stop with all this drama about me being a liar and trying to trick you? Yes. That doesn't mean I'm gonna stop trying to arrest Tommy. You need to know that. I know that. You won't stop until Tommy's in jail for nothing. It's not actually Tommy I'm after. Just the man he works for... Felipe Lobos. [chuckles] Sounds like the new announcer for "Sábado Gigante." [chuckles] Soy  Felipe Lobos. [speaking Spanish] Angie Valdes. Hi, it's me. What do I need to do? The EID... is 1-5-6- S as in Sam-4-4. The MID is... 0-0-X-Y-Q-9-4-4. That's all I need to make a clone? Okay. Should I send the text now? [buzzes] ♪ I just hit the ♪ ♪ Jackpot, got the right  seven digits ♪ 
♪ Why call to kick it when I can come through to visit? ♪ 
♪ It won't be long 'fore a nigga ♪ 
♪ Get to know you, right? Show you, right? ♪ 
♪ Couple hot spots we can go tonight ♪ 
♪ I watch the waist train proper ♪ 
♪ Either it's genetics or she got the right doctor ♪ 
♪ Strobe lights when she move to seduce me ♪ 
♪ Make a nigga wanna go sushi ♪ ♪ I just hit the lotto ♪ ♪ Put me to the VIP, pop a bottle ♪ 
♪ Tell me what you want, and I got it ♪ 
♪ She says she from Nevada ♪ 
♪ Says she go to school in Chicago ♪ 
♪ But she wanna dance and she model ♪ 
♪ Girl, with a body like that and an ass like that ♪ 
♪ Drop it to the floor, bring it, bring it right back ♪ 
♪ You know I'll be on, baby, just like that ♪ 
♪ You know what to do with it ♪ 
♪ It's just the way I feel ♪ 
♪ With you, baby ♪ 
♪ It's just the way I feel ♪ 
♪ With you, baby ♪ 
♪ I just hit the lotto ♪ [vocalizing] ♪ I just hit the lotto ♪ 
♪ Lotto, yeah ♪ 
♪ I just hit the lotto ♪ 
♪ It's just the way I feel with you, baby ♪ 
♪ I just hit the lotto ♪ 
♪ Way I feel with you, baby ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 