Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x01 - Episode 1 - Hunted 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x01 - Episode 1 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=451&t=22704 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/02/15 01:42 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x01 - Episode 1 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 I've never, ever...felt more trapped than I do right now. 
 This programme contains strong language from the outset and throughout. 
 What is the balance between liberty and security? 
 This sort of data is absolutely vital in stopping some of the most serious terrorist incidents in our country. 
 The country may not be convinced that this mass infringement of privacy is a price worth paying. 
 Britain, 2015. 
 One of the most watched nations on Earth. 
 In a country where everything we do leaves a trail, 14 ordinary citizens are going on the run. 
 As of this morning, we have a number of British citizens who are now fugitives. 
 Argh! 
 I need you to get me the  [ bleep ]  away from here. 
 This phonebox is hot, now. 
 They'll be coming to get me. 
 I don't feel safe at all right now. 
 Hunting them down, 30 of the world's most successful investigators. 
 We have eyes absolutely everywhere. 
 (There's somebody there.) 
 The psychological pressures will play mind tricks with you. 
 I don't really trust anybody at the moment. 
 I think that's what happens. 
 And that gives us an advantage. 
 And I really miss you guys today. 
 28 days... 
 Password, that's what I want. 
 ..14 fugitives... 
 Come on! 
 Got to get this guy. 
 We know where you are. 
 If you had to disappear, what would you do? 
 You need to stop, right now! 
 You are surrounded. 
 Across the UK, 14 fugitives are preparing to go on the run. 
 They each have £450 in a bank account. 
 They're not allowed to leave the UK. 
 They must try to evade capture for up to 28 days. 
 Tracking them down from a secret location in London are some of the best manhunters on the planet. 
 Good morning, team. Morning, sir. 
 The chief is Brett Lovegrove, a former head of counter-terrorism and part of the senior team leading the City of London police response to the 7/7 bombings. 
 I absolutely believe that the state needs the powers it has in order to keep our society safe. 
 It is the thin line between us and those people that wish to do society harm. 
 He heads up a crack team of cyber experts, intelligence specialists, covert operatives and a CIA analyst. 
 Got an e-mail address for him. 
 The specialists at HQ have a hi-tech facility at their fingertips and are ready to wield state-of-the-art powers of surveillance. 
 Right, listen up, can we get the cyber team in? 
 Right... 
 First fugitive. 
 His name is Ricky Allen. 
 He lives in Kent, born 1959. 
 Let's go. 
 The hunters are given a photograph and the name, address and date of birth of each fugitive. 
 We good to go? Go, go. 
 Lovegrove can call upon four ground teams. 
 He immediately dispatches a unit to start tracking Ricky Allen. 
 Let's move out. 
 Angus? Quickly, get up, son. 
 Quick, quick, quick, quick. 
 At exactly the same time and without warning, Ricky has been told the hunters are less than an hour away. 
 Let's get organised. 
 Molly? Yeah. 
 Tell him to get some socks, underpants in a bin bag... 
 Yeah, yeah. Throw them inside. 
 I've done it. 
 Put that down, boy - don't need any guns. 
 Where do you want the bag? 
 Could you get my mobile? Yeah. 
 Take the batteries out of them, now. 
 Most of my good friends, the people that know me well, I think would describe me as good fun, quite loyal to them. 
 I have three kids, they're all under 14 and my family are everything to me. 
 The surveillance state, it will be a threat to the way that they live, their quality of life in years to come, so I'm doing this because the power of the state frightens me and I want to prove to myself that I can beat them. 
 Cameraman : Ricky, what's your plan? 
 Um...I think I'm... 
 Up north, I think. 
 But first, we need to go somewhere. 
 Maps - I need some maps. 
 Right, his driving licence shows him as Dr Ricky George Allen. 
 Peter Bleksley worked undercover in the Met Police, infiltrating international drug gangs and investigating the IRA and the Mafia. 
 Being on the run can be a very unpleasant experience. 
 You suspect everybody and everything. 
 Who's your friend? Who's your enemy? 
 Who's on side? Who isn't? 
 Who can you trust? 
 This is all the bike gear. 
 He is definitely a doctor. 
 He's a doctor. 
 Which type of doctor? 
 He was a locum GP at the Maison Dieu Road surgery for eight years. 
 He quit over something to do with funding. 
 He's quite an outspoken individual. 
 He's certainly not shy about expressing his opinions and sometimes I think that offends people. 
 I need a pee, I've not had my morning pee yet. 
 I'll go in the bushes. 
 Thanks, Dad(!) 
 All right, OK - Molly, are we all square, now? 
 Yeah, I think so. 
 Everything is done. Yeah. 
 It's just a fantastic opportunity to make my kids think, "Yeah, come on, Dad, we're quite proud of you. 
 Whatever the outcome is, if they say, "You gave them a run for their money, Dad", that'll be good. 
 Ricky makes good his escape from the approaching hunters. 
 Are we going to hit the road now and go where we're going? 
 Every fugitive has a camera operator with them, filming their time on the run, living under the same conditions. 
 What do you give your chances? 
 Oh, about 100%. 
 We'll do it, don't worry. 
 A little bit of help with support and a bit of imagination and a bit of audacity as well. 
 How are they going to track us to where we're going? 
 We've got no comms on us that are working, no-one knows anything. 
 These guys aren't magicians. 
 ( Telephone rings ) 
 All right, ladies and gentlemen, listen up. Let's move. 
 Very important. Right, we now have a new fugitive team. 
 This lady is called Emily Dredge, born 1987, known address, Putney. 
 The hunters are on the way. 
 Emily has under an hour to leave the area. 
 Need to call Lauren. 
 Need to call Lauren now. 
 She is accompanied by Lauren English, date of birth, 1988. 
 We've got to move quickly. Let's get on the back of these people. 
 Lauren, get out! 
 I want you to go to the place where I had an argument with Richard. 
 ( She pants ) 
 Go there now! 
 Have you arranged a place to meet Lauren? I just told her. 
 Secret code. 
 For somewhere where we've got to go. 
 I'm about to go into the biggest, most dramatic thing I've ever done in my life. 
 'My friends say that I tend to start something and not finish it,' so I think this is really important, that I try and complete the task of being on the run. 
 I can't really think at the moment. 
 I'm completely shut off. 
 What I do know is I've left behind some very, very important things that I needed to bring with me. 
 What's that? 
 My magnesium tablets! 
 And my...wig! 
 So... But, anyway, oh, I've found it! 
 Oh, thank God. Here we go. 
 ( Emily breathes heavily ) 
 Meet Timothy. 
 ( Emily gasps ) 
 OK. Is Timothy going to be... 
 Timothy is, um... 
 ..alter ego? 
 ..my male alter ego. 
 The hunters immediately begin their investigation into Emily and Lauren's backgrounds. 
 Found some useful information on these guys, so, we've got the parents' address for Emily, we noticed their ages were the same... 
 Yeah. 
 ..as good as, so we figured, probably childhood friends, school friends, that kind of thing. Yeah. 
 Loz! 
 Loz! 
 Loz! 
 'I know I'm going to have my whole life stripped bare from me. But there's one thing I'm going to take with me, that's Lauren.' 
 We need to have a chat. Get in here. 
 Is Gareth taking us? 
 Gareth's taking us, right now. OK. We're going. Right. 
 She's capable of doing this. 
 Which car, which car are we going in? Which car, Gareth? 
 This one. No, it's marked! It's fine. Number plates. It's working. 
 ( Engine starts up ) 
 If we're in a scenario, Emily will get you out of it. 
 Because... nothing's impossible to her. 
 We're both quite headstrong. 
 And we're a bit like the Ying and Yang. 
 Never judge her, cos she will always, always surprise you. 
 She's brilliant. 
 Remember something, CCTV. I'm going to ask you, please, give out CCTV... 
 I think we should get our cash out here, Emily, then we don't have to touch our banks. 
 Are you ready for a high street run? 
 Emily, we don't need to run everywhere. Just play it cool. 
 'Lauren and I, when we were kids,' we used to fantasise about running away all the time. 
 In fact, we used to. 
 My mum had to come and get us in the car so many times from miles away 'and I want us to have that time together again. Just her and I,' where we go on adventures and... do the same thing we did when we were kids. 
 Like Thelma and Louise. 
 Right, we need to be f*cking quick after this. 
 What amount? 
 Let's see if it gives me 300. 
 It should get you 300. 
 ( Phone rings in background ) 
 OK, Cindy, Emily's debit card was used at an ATM at 29 to 31 High Street Cobham, Surrey... at 13:01 today... 
 Nearly all the Britain's 69,000 cash machines can be monitored... live. 
 If you're on the run as a fugitive you're going to need some money. 
 You're going to need to get that money from somewhere and nine times out of ten, you've got to get that out of an ATM. 
 It's pretty much their Achilles heel while they're on the run. 
 Not only will we get their exact location, we'll know exactly what transaction they've done. 
 We're on. 
 Within four minutes, Emily and Lauren escape with their cash, speeding away from the hunters. 
 OK, we've got 350. We'll share food. 
 We'll share sleeping arrangements. 
 Emily, just in case... 
 At HQ, Deputy Peter Bleksley continues to search for Ricky. 
 So, I've put in a request for vehicles and transportation, which I think you saw... 
 Yeah. 
 ..and that's thrown up that he's the registered owner of two cars, and no less than five motorbikes. 
 Bleksley lodges a numberplate recognition request for Ricky. 
 If I know a fugitive is using a particular car, I can have that vehicle's details entered onto the ANPR system. 
 Automatic number plate recognition is watching you as you make a journey along a motorway or an A road. 
 You are only ever a few miles away from having your image captured on a network of some 8,000 cameras. 
 When a vehicle of interest triggers an ANPR camera, the details of that movement are passed instantaneously to law enforcement. 
 Ooh, ooh, busy! 
 There's been a number plate from Ricky Allen's active. 
 Ricky is on the way to pick up a getaway car for his trip north. 
 That's the Honda. It's active. Yes. 
 So, it's active at ten o'clock on the M2. 
 So, he's heading... he's heading west. 
 Gravesend, Dartford, Bexley Heath. 
 We've got to talk about interception. 
 The team closest to Ricky's location is headed up by Captain David Blakeley, a former commander in the Pathfinders who has hunted war criminals and led missions behind enemy lines. 
 The Honda Forza scooter has been seen heading west on the M2. 
 Last sighting only a few minutes ago. 
 Thanks a lot - we'll get cracking. 
 Blakeley picks up Ricky's ANPR trail. 
 Stand by - we've just got a sighting. 
 So, 10:27, he's onto the A2. 
 10:30, exited at A220. 
 Peter... Yes, mate. 
 We've got further ANPR information. 
 So, they're back on the A2. Yeah. 
 They've gone to Bean interchange on the A2. 
 Right, so that's a reciprocal route - they've turned around. 
 Do you know it well, the area? 
 I'm born and raised in Bexley Heath. 
 Ricky is driving straight into the path of the hunters. 
 If you can pull over and stop at the next possible spot that gives you access to both west and east on the M2, that'd be great. 
 The last sighting is 15, 20 minutes from where David is. 
 Oh, right. 
 We might have a happy ending here. 
 Not far at all. 
 But at the next junction, Ricky turns off the motorway, and the trail goes cold. 
 ( Phone rings ) 
 I've been here since about 12:15, so... 
 Yes. 
 ..he is categorically not - 
 I'm 100% sure - has not gone past me. 
 He's gone off the main drag. 
 We were close. 
 Chief Brett Lovegrove is focusing all his firepower on Kent GP Dr Ricky Allen. 
 Your task is to get to the home address, search it and find out everything you can for us about Dr Allen. 
 With the trail on Ricky gone cold, hunters on the ground, David Blakeley and his team, arrive at Ricky's house to gather evidence and question his wife, Emma Jane. 
 Has he got any other electronic devices here? He has an iPad. 
 That's his iPad? Yeah. OK. 
 If you become a fugitive, the state has every right to search your property, to look at your bank records, to look at your mobile phone records, text messages, e-mails, social media. 
 Everything to make sure there's no stone unturned. 
 Does he update his diary frequently? 
 Yeah, it's about work though really. 
 It's not personal, as far as I know. 
 Scans of Ricky's documents, his private diaries and laptops are sent to HQ for analysis. 
 Ricky is just seven miles away. 
 He's arrived at a friend's garage hoping to borrow a vehicle registered there so he can drive north undetected. 
 If I need to, I want to be able to do a burn-out on it. OK. All right. 
 Next stop, scrapyard. I got just the thing for you, sir. Step this way. 
 When you say it doesn't lock, it doesn't shut? No. 
 HE LAUGHS Fantastic. Let's not hide in the boot of the car. 
 Good mates won't ask too many questions. You just say... 
 You say there's a need here and, "OK, I'll help you out." 
 Don't need any explanation. 
 I think it's safe in terms of number plates. 
 We're not going to be spotted on the number plate recognition system, at least for the next few days. 
 Fugitives Emily and Lauren are heading north, out of the London area. 
 I suggest we go to a completely random area. Let's do it then. 
 Let's do it. 
 But Emily is worried about Gareth's car being tracked so she wants to change vehicles. 
 Tomorrow, we get a main bus from Milton Keynes up north. 
 No main busses, we hitchhike up. 
 We're not hitchhiking north. 
 I'll hitchhike from here. 
 Better be safe than sorry. 
 Love you. Love you too. 
 Hi, guys, where are you going? 
 They keep on the move. 
 And over the first two days... 
 Are you heading north? 
 ..pick up ride after ride. 
 Excuse me, sorry to bother you. 
 Which way are you headed? 
 Changing their plans from day to day. 
 I think we need to go to the middle of f*cking nowhere, that's our mission. 
 The highlands of Scotland. 
 f*ck's sake, Emily. 
 "Have you seen those two Londoners?" 
 "There they are." 
 We can speak like that. 
 (Scottish accent) : Excuse me, do you have any bread and milk for us to eat? 
 (Welsh accent) : I can do a Welsh accent. 
 Road rage. That's what you give me. 
 We either go to the Lake District or the Highlands. 
 Anywhere, Lake District's on the way. 
 Are you completely adverse to us getting on a bus? 
 You know how intense and stressed and panicked I get? Yeah. 
 Tell me about it. 
 To avoid me getting paranoid and stressed, we need to stick to hitchhiking. 
 Inadvertently, the pair have stumbled across a clever way to evade the hunters. 
 Human beings make patterns every day. 
 A skilful fugitive will try not to make a pattern. 
 If they do that long enough then we won't catch them. 
 But no individual is truly random. 
 All the decisions a fugitive makes is based on that person and who they are. 
 Once we work that out, we're going to be one step ahead. 
 Emily, I knew you'd get someone to make a f*cking cup of coffee. 
 At 60mph. 
 Excuse me. But their strategy comes at a cost. 
 It's now officially the life of a beggar. 
 We have to go from place to place and beg for somewhere to stay. 
 Please, please can we stay here? 
 Beg for food, beg for this. 
 Beg for everything. 
 Excuse me. Can we get a lift? 
 This is the ultimate running away from home. 
 I don't think anyone wants to do this. 
 I don't think anyone should do this. 
 It's mental. 
 Thank you so much for stopping. 
 Over three days, Emily and Lauren have hitchhiked 250 miles. 
 They have now found accommodation at a caravan park in Penrith. 
 At HQ, the hunters have been busy profiling Emily and have made a startling discovery. 
 Emily is mother to an 18-month-old baby boy called Ernest. 
 There's images on her Facebook of the child which lives with her. 
 Obviously got a very close connection to that child. 
 This is travelling with the father. 
 Just interrupting you there. 
 I really want us to focus on this child. 
 Who's got the child, who's looking after the child because I feel it will be impossible for her to have no contact with that child for a month. 
 That's her major weak point. 
 Her major vulnerability. 
 There's all these children around. 
 And I look over there at the little high chairs and I think oh... 
 I wish I had Ernest here in a high chair. I'd pull him. 
 Pull him up close and just sit with him. 
 What do you think Ernest is doing? 
 Probably just had his bath. 
 He's probably being read his book. 
 While Lauren's out shopping, Emily makes a risky decision. 
 Just to speak to her. 
 See how Ernest is. 
 No, I feel worse. 
 ( She cries ) 
 You didn't tell here where we are? 
 All I said is we'd hitchhiked. 
 What? All I said is we'd hitchhiked. 
 No, you don't tell anybody anything. 
 She wants to know I'm safe. 
 You're safe. Just say you're safe. 
 You don't tell anybody anything about anything. 
 Loz? 
 Calling home was a gamble but Emily's hoping the hunters aren't monitoring her mother's phone. 
 Loz? 
 What's wrong? You phoned your f*cking mother's phone. 
 You just did that completely off your own back, completely. 
 I understand you've got to phone Ernest but at least play by the rules. 
 Emily does what Emily wants to do is not on. 
 In HQ, the hunters turn their attention to two other fugitives. 
 Sandra and Elizabeth. 
 Life partners, business partners. 
 These people have got some affluence and I think that's an important part of this because if that's their lifestyle, that could be something they revert to. 
 Sandra and Elizabeth have been on the run for two days. 
 ( Horn honks ) 
 Jesus, Mary and St Joseph. 
 No more flat whites, I'm telling you. 
 I'm like a lunatic when I've had coffee, it's great. 
 The pair have consistently used local buses to evade capture. 
 Being on the move all the time, we run the gauntlet. 
 I know every second ticking is a second they could be standing behind me. 
 I was paranoid yesterday looking at various people thinking, "Is that them? Is that them?" 
 Guys with sunglasses. 
 Thinking, "Is that them?" 
 And your heart goes so it's tough to keep running. 
 They have criss-crossed the southeast taking 13 buses and have so far stayed off the hunters' radar. 
 But after four days, Sandra and Elizabeth come to the hunters' attention. 
 We got them in an ATM. 
 You're looking at the location. 
 That was in Brighton. How much have they taken out this time? 
 The amounts were ?200 on Sandra's card and ?200 on Elizabeth's card. 
 Right, I need everything we have on these fugitives. 
 We've got to get closer. 
 We've got to get our hands on them. 
 CCTV captures the two fugitives boarding a bus back west. 
 CCTV showed them getting on the bus. 
 There's quite a pattern in the way that they've done it. 
 Cindy Storer is a former CIA analyst. 
 She specialises in spotting patterns of behaviour. 
 We all establish patterns to get through the day. That's how we work. 
 And so it's really hard for people to be random. 
 She was one of the first people to identify Al-Qaeda as a terrorist organisation. 
 As human beings, we tend to repeat ourselves. 
 It's a survival tactic, it's in our DNA. 
 So if you can figure out someone and how they tend to think, how they tend to do things then you're a step ahead. 
 Cindy predicts the potential routes they might take. 
 And the hunters pick them up on CCTV within hours. 
 Bus number 522. 
 Guys, got some really good intel for you. 
 Yep. We know they got on a bus but the good thing is they're in a bus and you're in a car so we can make some good ground. 
 We'll go right now. Good luck. 
 
 
 
 Former police officers Nicola and Danni are chasing the trail. 
 We are literally coming in on them. 
 Their walls are closing in. 
 They are ours, they are going down. 
 But the fugitives have a head start. 
 Monitoring their route to the Midlands, the hunters catch up with them on their 21st bus. 
 That is definitely it in front. 
 No doubt. 
 No entry except buses. You're going to have to get out here. 
 We can see it. 
 Can't see who's getting off. 
 No. Thank you very much. 
 Good man. Thank you. How you getting on? You still got eyes on? 
 Confirmed sighting of both. 
 We're at the coach station. 
 The coach has just pulled in. 
 They are in the coach station at the moment. 
 And Danni has walked off to it. 
 One's got a hat on and one's got glasses and a hood up. 
 Out this way. 
 We need to f*cking get in there. 
 We need to think about getting something to eat. 
 Talk to me, where are you? 
 There's a Crown and Anchor pub. I got eyeball on them. Across the road? 
 Across the road. 
 I'll be able to see you. 
 There they are. 
 I'll go left, you go right. 
 We need to go down this street. 
 And then Woodhouse Rd. 
 Is that the backpack there? 
 Stop where you are. You need to stop. 
 You need to stop right now. 
 You need to stop right now! 
 You need to stop right now. 
 Get against that wall. 
 Sandra, calm down. 
 Don't touch me like that. 
 It's OK. 
 Don't touch me. 
 We're in real shock, guys. 
 Boss. Well done, guys. 
 Excellent job. Cheers, boss. 
 Thanks, everyone. Good work. 
 OK, everybody, let's get the next ones. 
 Fugitive Dr Ricky Allen spent his first night in his new car in a lay-by in Northampton. 
 I think today we should just... 
 We've had a good night's sleep - today, we should aim to get some serious mileage under our belt. 
 His plan is to head north. 
 Pick up any sign for the M1. 
 HQ have lost track of Ricky, but in an effort to work out where he may have gone, they are analysing the laptop, iPad and diary taken from his home. 
 What I have been doing is I have been going through a notebook that was recovered at the Allen residence. 
 Now, one thing that is interesting about Dr Allen, he is very good at using password generators, so he is using complex passwords that are well put together. 
 However, when you have a different password for absolutely everything, it is now a memory problem. 
 What he has done is he has written down many passwords in the cover of the book. 
 With one of his passwords, HQ quickly infiltrate Ricky's online accounts. 
 What he has been clicking on is "pen1s size study", "what's normal anyway?", "what's the average pen1s length?". 
 They say that you are more truthful to your search engine than you are to your wife. 
 So, we found something, I think you will agree, really interesting on Ricky's e-mail. 
 OK, so, we have got into his e-mail account, have we? 
 We have got into his Hotmail account. 
 It then ironically says, "Delete this properly after you copy the e-mail address or the address details." 
 I think people don't generally appreciate that when they click delete on an e-mail or a photograph it doesn't actually get deleted at all. 
 It is still there, you just don't see it any more. 
 But someone who knows what they are doing can usually access that. 
 This is a guy that... 
 There's a lot of e-mail correspondence between them. 
 He is a guy that he goes training with, goes cycling with, goes camping with. 
 As discussed, I think the rural isolation angle is really good, real off-the-grid stuff. 
 "But they will identify your links to Scotland through work history, possibly." 
 Ex-detective Julie Clegg is an international specialist in online profiling and fugitives. 
 From what I find online, I can build a fairly comprehensive picture as to who that person is, what they are likely to do next and how we can hunt them down more effectively based on exactly who they are. 
 Julie has found a curious search in Ricky's web history. 
 "The 39 Steps." 
 "An all-action hero with a stiff upper lip and a miraculous knack for getting himself out of sticky situations." 
 The 39 Steps is about somebody being hunted. 
 It is about somebody going to Scotland and hiding away... 
 So he is styling himself on that. 
 'Going rural as a fugitive gives them vast space to hide in. 
 They are away from technology, there's no cameras. 
 The downsides are... in rural locations, you have small villages. 
 Everyone knows everyone. 
 As soon as a new face comes in, they are instantly interested to see who that is. 
 They'll still be found. 
 I was working up here as a surgical doctor in a hospital and then I fell ill, had to have some surgery of the Lance Armstrong type and... 
 For the record. For the record! 
 A bollock-ectomy. 
 They had to take one off just to tame me slightly. 
 Dr Allen is an inventor, he is outspoken in the media, so we're not talking about a shrinking violet here. 
 So it gives us some indication as to how bright, clever and resourceful and what an adversary he is going to prove to be. 
 Best friends Emily Dredge and Lauren English have been on the run for three days. 
 Because it is the weekend in the Lake District, all the bed and breakfasts are booked up. 
 So the likelihood of us finding somewhere to stay is going to be really hard. 
 Hitchhiking and camping has kept the pair off the hunters' radar, but this haphazard lifestyle is taking its toll. 
 I was freezing last night and we are now in a colder area. Please... 
 I'm really stressed out, though. 
 I know you're stressed out. 
 When you are feeling like that, Ems, go and sit on a bench for a minute. 
 Go and get yourself a f*cking cup of coffee. 
 Back at HQ, they haven't had a solid lead on Emily and Lauren since the ATM alert on day one. 
 The trail is going sadly cold. 
 Rich from cyber are desperate for some hardware. 
 They want a phone or a laptop or a tablet or some kind of hardware. 
 Chief Lovegrove calls in his covert unit to boost HQ's position. 
 Emily Dredge has got a little boy called Ernest and we need evidence of where that baby is. 
 So if we are able to locate where the baby is, we'll be able to locate her. 
 The unit is set to raid Emily's house. 
 These covert agents are trained British undercover intelligence specialists with front-line experience throughout the world. 
 Whilst three agents move in to gain access to the house, a fourth keeps watch outside. 
 The use of covert agents going into private space to gather information is critical. 
 If an ordinary member of the public tried to do that, they would end up in prison, so that ability to deploy those assets are taken very seriously. 
 They are deployed only as a result of intelligence. 
 Once inside, the agents set to work... searching for anything that will reveal Emily or her son's location. 
 They even take dirty clothes, which will give sniffer dogs Emily's scent... making sure they leave everything precisely as they found it. 
 I don't know where they are, these people, if they are two miles down the road, if they are still in London, if they are... 
 They have probably gone through my house, my knicker drawer, they have gone through my bins, they have gone through my fridge. 
 My friends and family's phones have been tapped, my bank accounts have been looked at, my internet is being looked at. 
 Every message I ever sent on my phone is being read, every e-mail that has ever been sent or received is being watched. 
 My whole life is completely under surveillance. 
 I have never ever felt more trapped than I do right now. 
 The covert agents leave with laptops and hard drives to send back to HQ for analysis. 
 I don't feel safe. 
 I don't ever feel safe. 
 Not any more. 
 Look at the state of me. 
 I look like a crack addict. 
 I'm completely f*cked... mentally, physically, and it is only day three. 
 Back at HQ, the hunters are looking to turn the screw on their other elusive fugitive. 
 Dr Ricky George Allen - he's become somewhat of a superstar in the HQ. 
 We are all very keen to find out where he is. 
 We know he is a keen cyclist, we know he is a keen motorbiker. 
 Last location was in Kent on the Alpha 2. 
 Since he slipped the net three days ago, leads on Ricky have dried up. 
 But after scrutinising his online life and building a profile, HQ believes Ricky may have headed north. 
 What is the best guess? 
 I keep hearing Scotland. Is there any substance to that at all? 
 Certainly family connections up there. 
 There's definitely some friends that he has been in communication with. 
 OK. This guy has been out too long. 
 We need him in. 
 Let's get as much as we possibly can. 
 They probably missed their window of opportunity, which was the first two or three days, to nab us, and now I think it has slipped away from them. 
 I am not a psychological profiler but I have kind of got into the heads of villains over the years and I am treating Ricky George Allen as the opposition. 
 He is the bad guy here. 
 I think it is going to be just a battle of wills, really, rather than a battle of intellects. 
 It is just who is the grittiest and I think that will be us. 
 Laughing : f*ck. sh1t! 
 It's OK. 
 I planned for this! 
 ( He laughs ) 
 We're going to have to go without a window. 
 Ricky knows this part of Scotland well after working at a local hospital in the '90s. 
 We are actually coming down into Glencoe village now, the village of Glencoe. 
 His plan is to use his old contacts as a support network while he hides out in the area. 
 After a couple of days of going on the run, they may start to gain a bit of confidence and believe that we are not behind them, that we have lost the scent, particularly if they are rural. 
 But no-one can live in a vacuum - as soon as we start reaching out to their network of friends and family, we will find them, and at some point they are going to have to come up for a breath. 
 It is psychological warfare. 
 I can't recall having ever been defeated and I think that's partly, at least, because I select my battlegrounds and I select my fights. 
 If it is a hopeless thing, if there is no mileage in it, if it is not worth the effort, I wouldn't do it. 
 When I do do something, when I select a fight... I throw myself into it wholeheartedly. 
 If some dodgy-looking characters with sunglasses and poorly-cut black suits come up asking my name, talk with them a bit and say, "Yeah, he went that way." 
 Just say, "I had his number... I had his number but do you know what? I got it on the back of a napkin and I gave to a customer." 
 Are you headed north? 
 Hello? Excuse me. Excuse me! 
 Fugitives Emily and Lauren are continuing to stay on the move to evade the hunters. 
 While evidence gathered in Emily's flat by Covert Operations is arriving at HQ. 
 Another desktop. 
 They not only retrieved Emily's laptop, but also passwords for her online accounts. 
 Steve Hersee, who worked on the intelligence team for the London Olympics, is looking at Emily's laptop, which the cyber team have hacked. 
 So this is Emily Dredge's CV. 
 I think it's quite up-to-date. 
 A lot of the CV is obviously, you know, very factual, to the point, worked here, achieved this, did this. 
 This is almost a story of her life, she is almost telling a story. 
 Excuse me. All right. 
 She talks about her education, very open here, "left school at 14 because I didn't want to go any more." 
 Straightaway, she's a bit different, bit of a rebel, not afraid to challenge authority, not afraid to do her own thing. 
 What might work, Em. We cross the roundabout, down the other side... 
 No, we don't try things for long enough! That's what I'm saying. 
 And there's a... That's a Siemens facial recognition camera. 
 That camera is evil. 
 She comes out with what she did, she's not hiding anything, "so I ended up dancing in clubs. On the positive side, I was earning thousands of pounds a night and I bought two horses and a sports car, some nice clothes and a new pair of breasts." 
 The information gives Steve a sense of the person Emily is. 
 And the kind of impulsive decisions she might make. 
 She's definitely complex. 
 Definitely complex and will be quite unpredictable, I think. 
 She's just a free spirit and she does what she likes. 
 There's just no reasoning. 
 It's like any suggestion just gets dismissed. 
 And if I hear one more thing about facial recognition, I'm going to f*cking scream. 
 Lauren? Come on. 
 Thank you so much. 
 Anywhere away from here, cos this is pretty dangerous. 
 Loz, don't look at that camera, look at me. 
 Using Emily's passwords, Steve is able to read Emily's private Facebook messages about her son, Ernest. 
 You know, when everyone asks about him, she... 
 I know any parent does, but she absolutely gushes and talks about how he looks at her and she craves that emotional... 
 She craves to be loved, I think, and the son gives that total love to her. 
 So, yeah, she's really emotionally needy. 
 You sound like you know her well. 
 Yeah, it's interesting. 
 I mean, it's quite sad, sometimes, reading... 
 Cos she's just... She seems like she's just looking for something. 
 I feel I know her quite well. 
 Right. Get to know her better and tell me where she is. 
 Yeah. All right, mate, thanks very much. That would help. 
 The Covert team also took photographs of Emily's private documents. 
 We've got her passport. 
 In the back of that passport, we've gleaned two emergency contact addresses and names, which we can look into further. 
 Listed in the back of the passport are the telephone numbers of Emily's mother and crucially the father of Emily's son. 
 What the girls have compiled, by going through all the intelligence and going these are the potentials that they feel may have been in contact. 
 I'll get that in ASAP. 
 Thank you very much. 
 Suspecting either could be looking after Emily's son, HQ request both phones to be monitored for incoming and outgoing calls. 
 She's got a very good reason to keep in... contact with some of her life in some way, which is, at least the child. 
 So, that helps us. 
 So we have more, we don't just have to follow her, we can start looking at her family and where the two will intersect and we could be led right to her, by following her family members. 
 ( Scraping noises ) 
 Are you happy, love? Yeah, I'm happy now, I've got sandpaper. 
 Sandpaper. Makes me happy. 
 ( Emily laughs ) 
 Emily and Lauren have blagged themselves free accommodation in exchange for doing odd jobs. 
 Emily has been asked to answer the phones, but instead she takes the opportunity to call Christopher, the father of her son, Ernest. 
 ( Telephone rings ) 
 Hi. 
 Hi, can you hear me? 
 So, you're picking him up today. 
 I'm going to plan to come down and see him. 
 But I don't, I don't think I would ruin it. 
 I reckon I could see Ernest and not get caught. 
 Yeah, I know. 
 OK, so I think we've got a lead for Emily and Lauren. 
 So, it's North Yorkshire. Right. 
 We've have been monitoring Paula Wood and Christopher Lees. Yes. 
 And there's been incoming calls from a phone number, which leads back to a caravan park in North Yorkshire. 
 We've still got them here, so, on the assumption this is Emily and Lauren, they were here at 9:05 this morning. 
 Excellent. OK. 
 I'm going to get David's team there now. 
 Guys, I've got some pressing intelligence through. 
 At 09:05 there was a phone call to Christopher Lees from Lindor Holiday Park. 
 This is Emily, or Lauren, touching base with loved ones in the South. 
 'So, unless it's sheer coincidence, I can't see any other reason why Lindor Holiday Park would be calling Chris Lees, unless Emily was at the end of it.' 
 So, we head up the A1 and go straight to that park, cos they may still be there. 
 'OK, all right, got it.' 
 All right, cheers, bye. 'Bye.' 
 Right, David's team dispatched to that now. 
 Optimistic about this. Brilliant. 
 Yeah. 
 We aren't far behind. Excellent. 
 Yeah. 
 There's you ducking down for every f*cking camera, like they've got facial recognition, but they can't trace your calls? 
 We've got to go. 
 I just feel a bit bad because we've just rocked up here... 
 Well, well, Emily... 
 ( Lauren laughs ) 
 I have to phone my son. 
 You have to phone your son, but you could've done that tomorrow, when we were about to leave. 
 But now we've got to go now. 
 They've got hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of flying monkeys, dispatched, ready to bite. 
 Thousands of flying monkeys have been dispatched. 
 I want to bury you up to your neck. 
 I can hear them. 
 ( They make squawking noises ) 
 With David Blakely just five miles away, HQ plan the best approach to intercept Emily and Lauren. 
 Boss, the team will be coming from the north-east using No Man's Moor Lane and travelling south-west to the entrance exit here. 
 It may well be that we see them on the back roads heading east towards the Alpha One, and the Alpha One is due east. 
 If they're to go anywhere and get away quickly, that's the way they'll be walking. 
 If I come across them, en route to the campsite, have I got permission to go straight in for a snatch? Yes, yes. 
 If we can get away with just eyes on and observing them, seeing what they're doing, making sure they're not pursued, if it looks like they're planning to start... 
 On the ground as it happens. Wait, wait. Waiting. Wait. Waiting. 
 Is that that other one? Hang on. 
 Two girls walking. OK, wait. 
 Lauren, I've got a headache, please. 
 Oh, convenient. 
 How did she get that far? 
 Lauren! 
 Lauren! 
 Wait! 
 OK, OK, hang on, hang on. 
 OK, no, not them. OK. 
 Lauren! Lauren! 
 Excuse me, excuse me. 
 Hi, sorry to pounce on you like this. 
 Can we please get a lift with you? 
 Thank you so much. 
 Thank you very much. Hello. Hi there. 
 ( Phone rings ) 
 All right? It's Ben. 
 Ben, it's David. Hello, David. Hi. 
 Right, they've gone. 
 Yes, understood. 
 So you're on the run, are you? 
 Yeah, we're on the run from the best detectives in the world. 
 What's the end result? 
 Just a huge sense of achievement. 
 But we keep having to run away, because we're scared. 
 Well, actually, cos I keep making phone calls. 
 Life gets a bit boring when you get a bit older, so enjoy it while you can. 
 Sorry, where are we going? 
 Barinda, you're on the run. Oh, sh1t! 
 We're Asian, we've got beards, we're probably going to have some rucksacks on our backs, which is not going to help. 
 People are going to think, "Bloody hell, terrorists." 
 This is a spook-free zone. 
 I want this guy apprehended. 
 Ricky Allen clearly thinks we're a bunch of slack brained fuckwits. 
 On standby. Hold on, hold on. 
 Can I come in, please? 
 No, you can't come in. Go, go, go. 
 We're surrounded. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 