Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x02 - Episode 2 - Hunted 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x02 - Episode 2 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=451&t=22711 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/02/15 12:36 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x02 - Episode 2 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 I'm really, really missing my wife and Caden. 
 It's hard. 
 I didn't know it would be this hard. 
 ( Sirens wail ) 
 What is the balance between liberty and security? 
 This sort of data is absolutely vital in stopping some of the most serious terrorist incidents in our country. 
 The country may not be convinced that this mass infringement of privacy is a price worth paying. 
 ( Sirens wail ) 
 Britain 2015, one of the most watched nations on earth. 
 In a country where everything we do leaves a trail, 14 ordinary citizens... are going on the run. 
 As of this morning, we have a number of British citizens who are now fugitives. 
 I need you to get me the BLEEP away from here. 
 This phone box is hot now, they'll be coming to get me. 
 I don't feel safe at all right now. 
 Hunting them down, 30 of the world's most successful investigators. 
 We have eyes absolutely everywhere. 
 There's somebody there. 
 The psychological pressures will play mind tricks with you... 
 I don't really trust anyone at the moment. 
 Do you think that's what happens? 
 ..and that gives us an advantage. 
 I really missed you guys today. 
 28 days... 
 Password, that's all I want. 
 ..14 fugitives. 
 We've got to get this guy. 
 We know where you are. 
 If you had to disappear, what would you do? 
 You need to stop right now! 
 We've got her surrounded. 
 Across the UK, 12 fugitives are still at large. 
 They must evade capture for up to 28 days. 
 Tracking them down from a secret location in London are some of the best manhunters on the planet. 
 So far, GP Ricky Allen narrowly evaded the hunters in Kent. 
 Have you got eyes on the carriageway? 
 Best friends, Lauren English and Emily Dredge were close to being captured in Yorkshire... 
 Emily! ..and in Mansfield, the hunters tracked down Sandra Cooley and Elizabeth Darcy. 
 Is that the backpack, there? 
 Yeah. 
 There we go. That's it. 
 You need to stop right now. 
 Get your hands off me! 
 Sandra, calm down. 
 Right, team. To me, please. 
 Can we have the people from the end office? 
 We need to move quickly. 
 The chief is Brett Lovegrove, former head of Counter Terrorism for the City of London Police. 
 Right, the next two fugitives are here. 
 This gentleman is Davinder Singh. 
 S-I-N-G-H. 
 This gentleman... is Harinder Singh. 
 Harinder with one R. 
 At the same time as HQ are given the Singhs' details... 
 Harinder? You're on the run. 
 Oh, sh1t. 
 ..the fugitives are told to go on the run. 
 Known address, Leicester. 
 We're up against it, team. 
 Let's go to it. 
 Come on. Let's move, man. 
 Me and Dovski have always been, kind of, tearaways. 
 He's my baby brother. 
 As long as I've got his back and he's got mine, forget anyone else. 
 Come on, let's move, man. 
 Where shall we go? Where's your card? 
 I've never been away from my loved ones before, so I've not been for a long period without my mother. 
 I'm definitely going to be out of my comfort zone when I don't speak to them. 
 You've got to kiss good... Come on. 
 My brother, he's been married for a few years now. 
 He's got a kid. 
 I'm about to get married. I'm going to be starting my own family. 
 It's our last adventure before we go our own ways. 
 The number of Mr Singhs in this region are overwhelming. 
 Sure. 
 These guys are the toughest ones. 
 It's like "How many John Smiths there are in England?" 
 David Toddington, a leading expert in online intelligence is driving the effort to profile the brothers. 
 We definitely need more information on the Singhs. 
 The number of Davinder Singhs in the world, on social media, is overwhelming - as is Harinders. 
 Most people have some kind of online presence. 
 It forms a big part of investigations now. 
 When someone has a very common name, it makes that first step quite difficult and we have to be a little more creative. 
 Go down a bit more into... their lifestyle in terms of faith. 
 Leicester is a very big Sikh community. 
 One thing, it's a culture that is very welcoming, it's a very tight-knit community. 
 Temples are typically open all day, every day. 
 They become a meeting place. 
 This is a fantastic place to get lost in the shuffle. 
 Hiding in plain sight, sometimes, is the best thing to do. 
 Sure. 
 ( Indistinct ) 
 It's their challenge to capture us. 
 Can we just go missing? 
 Can we just leave our day jobs and just disappear one day? 
 If we go on the run and they can't capture us, what chance have they got to keep us all safe? 
 Davinder Singh, Harinder Singh. 
 Hopefully, we can get into some houses, we can speak to people. 
 We can find more out. 
 Hi, it's Ben. I need you to start heading north on the A1. 
 Former undercover police offers, Nicola Thorn and Dani Brook, are deployed to search the Singh brothers' family homes. 
 What sort of intel have we got on them from HQ? 
 It's really, really limited. 
 We've got a couple of pictures. 
 This is Davinder, he's got facial hair, and this one's Harinder. 
 You've got to cover your trail. 
 We're Asian, we've got beards. 
 We're probably going to have some rucksacks on our backs which is not going to help. 
 The automatic thing that people are going to think is, "Bloody hell. Terrorists." 
 We want to challenge the preconceptions that people have. 
 Not every Asian's a terrorist. 
 We're individuals, the same as you. 
 The Singh brothers' next move is to get a lift from their friend, Amit, in a vehicle unknown to the hunters. 
 You have to get out of the city, yeah? Get out. 
 Boy, I'm hot. 
 It looks quite nice round here. 
 It does. 
 Hunters Thorn and Brook arrive to search the Singhs' family homes and to question Harinder's wife. 
 Hi, is it Charmaine? Yes. 
 Hi, I'm Nick. This is Dani. 
 We're here in connection with the disappearance of Harinder and Davinder. 
 OK. Is it all right if we come in and have a chat with you? 
 Obviously, he's gone with his brother. 
 What did he tell you about where he was going? 
 He didn't tell me very much to be fair. Mm-hmm. 
 I don't think they really had a plan. 
 Is it OK if we have a look in the wardrobes and the drawers? 
 Yep? OK. 
 We just want to see if he's left any paperwork behind or anything like that. 
 Has he taken any laptops, iPads, anything like that? No. 
 Have you got any here? 
 That's his phone, is it? 
 Do you know his pass code? 
 Yeah. 
 The hunters have found Harinder's mobile phone. 
 Did he clear this before he left? 
 I don't know what he does with his phone. 
 We're going to take this. 
 Yeah, yeah. OK. 
 Let me read you this e-mail between the two brothers. 
 "We are going to a place called Caister-on-sea. I've made a few enquiries. There's loads of hotels and holiday resorts we could stay at and potentially make cash in hand." 
 Oh, brilliant! 
 "We need to catch a train there cos they can track the cars." 
 Davinder's responded, "Perfect. I've had a look. Let's go." 
 Ben, we've got some urgent information that needs acting on. 
 We've got his phone. 
 There are several e-mails between the brothers saying, "We are going to go to Caister-on-sea. They will never think to look for us there. There's lots of B&Bs and hotels." 
 The e-mail subject is "read and delete." 
 I'm going to direct Nathan to get over to Caister. 
 The nearest ground team, headed by surveillance specialist, Nathan Rose, is deployed to Caister-on-sea, a small coastal town in Norfolk. 
 This morning, we were having a conversation of how difficult the Singhs are going to be and... Suddenly. we're getting excited so it's really good. 
 12 hours later. I'm not so sure. 
 I'm too suspicious, that's my problem. 
 The end bit sounds real, the beginning bit sounds really contrived to me. 
 Apparently, they said, "No-one would expect us to go there." and it's the kind of place where it doesn't look like they would, sort of, blend in very well. 
 Hello. 
 These two guys here. 
 Just wondering if you've seen them around anywhere. 
 No, I haven't actually. 
 These two individuals, they are fugitives on the run. 
 Do their faces ring a bell to you? 
 No, they don't. 
 Two Asian males, pretty young and we reckon they've come over towards Caister. 
 They're bad boys? 
 Well, they are fugitives on the run. 
 Is it something to do with Isis? 
 Some b*st*rd wants to behead them before they behead anyone else. 
 Well... 
 I've just been checking out, out of town a little bit, towards West Caister and Caister Castle. 
 Rose and his team have split up to scour the local area. 
 So, in terms of... 
 They could have homeless people... 
 Hang on. Hang on. 
 Hang on. Hang on. 
 Hang on. That is them. 
 We've potentially got eyes on these fuckers. 
 Possible standby? 
 Wait, wait, wait. 
 What's your location, please? 
 We're outside Lidl. 
 That was definitely two... 
 Two Asian males. 
 Two Asian males with large packs. 
 Ben speaking. 
 Possible standby. 
 Steve and Elle, in the backing vehicle, have just seen two Asian lads with rucksacks. 
 It's unconfirmed at the moment, mate, but obviously, they're good possibles. 
 Asian males are few and far between and they've got backpacks on. 
 Roger. Yeah, understood. 
 Coming out. 
 Nice and easy. 
 The hunters follow the suspected fugitives into a hotel. 
 They've got to be really, really certain. 
 But the two Asian guys seen walking south, with backpacks, to that. 
 Yeah, yeah. 
 You have to be 100% sure it's a positive identification of the individual of interest. 
 To arrest someone incorrectly can have massive waves across that community because it may instantly be seen that you're profiling an individual because of their background and where they live. 
 Hello? Ben speaking. 
 Can you update me, please? 
 All it is, is good possibles... but the appearance is slightly different. 
 The mugshots that they had, when were they taken? 
 They're recent pictures. 
 Recent? 
 They're a negative, mate. 
 Yeah, I understand. 
 Right, I'm going to pass you to the boss now, then, if you're saying they're negative. All right? 
 Roger. 
 If it's a negative, then let's stand down. Yeah. 
 'Good morning. We would like to inform all customers we will shortly be arriving at Manchester Piccadilly.' 
 The Singh brothers are 200 miles away from Caister-on-sea, on a train approaching Manchester. 
 I don't think the hunters are feeling too good right now. 
 I deliberately sent Dov an e-mail saying, "Let's go to Caister-on-sea." 
 Hopefully they'll pick up on that. 
 Sends them on a goose chase. 
 Buys us a little time. 
 I'm quite enjoying thinking that they're frustrated. 
 I have far from given up. 
 The hunters have no new leads on fugitives Emily Dredge and Lauren English. 
 The trail has gone somewhat cold compared to where we were at yesterday. 
 We've had no financial on them, we've had no other sightings of them. 
 I'm scratching my head. 
 The best friends are determined to keep off grid. 
 Look, if a car comes, you hit the floor. 
 That's what I'm worried about. 
 Let's get in the motor. 
 They've stopped using phones and cash points and, by hitching lifts, are successfully keeping the hunters off their trail. 
 OK, quick suggestion. 
 If they've got a pattern of us going up north, what we do now is we, instead of going up, we go back down and that way. 
 I think we just go wherever, go with the flow. 
 With Emily and Lauren off HQ's radar, the hunters are turning up the heat on fugitive Ricky Allen. 
 He's an important target for us. 
 If we can take him out of the equation, that would be excellent. 
 Ricky left his family home six days ago. 
 Put that down, boy. 
 We don't need any guns. 
 He made his initial escape on a motorbike. 
 How are they going to track us to where we're going? 
 These guys aren't magicians. 
 Have you got eyes on the carriageway? 
 After a near miss on the A2, Ricky swapped vehicles and headed north. 
 It's perfect, isn't it? 
 'I'm a Kent GP. 
 'I have a middle class family set-up, three kids at school, married etc.' 
 I'm a decent bloke. 
 I'm a bit naughty. 
 I'm a maverick, I suppose. 
 A rebel at heart. 
 Uncle number one was a bank robber. 
 It must be my DNA, there's something encoded within me. 
 I need urgent information on Ricky. 
 We nearly had him and I'm annoyed that he's still out there. 
 We've had no actual positive sighting of him, have we? No. OK. 
 He's a tricky one. 
 Julie Clegg, a former undercover police detective, is an international specialist in profiling fugitives. 
 She's made it her business to find out everything about Dr Ricky Allen and his known associates. 
 There's some very strong ties to Scotland I've found - a guy called Tim Critchell and his wife Eileen Burn. 
 Very close with them. There's lots of photos of them together. 
 Interesting development. 
 We're getting details of ATM usage in Glasgow by fugitive Ricky Allen. 
 It corroborates everything - all the research I've done that would put him in Scotland. 
 Julie's profiling of Ricky and his associates has paid off. 
 She's identified the woman withdrawing cash from Ricky's account. 
 Yeah, that's her. 
 That's definitely Eileen Burn. 
 We've got to go after Eileen. 
 Even if she has the cards, she now has the most recent information and at least we can be close behind him or the money. 
 He is so distinctive. He's got a really slim face, small eyes. 
 Yeah, yeah, yeah. Those glasses. 
 Hunters Nicola Thorn and Dani Brook have been deployed to Eileen Burn's house, west of Glasgow. 
 Hello, Eileen. My name's Nicola. 
 This is my colleague Dani. 
 We're here in connection with the disappearance of Ricky Allen. OK. 
 Has he asked for your help at all while he's been on the run? 
 Nope. Not at all? Not at all. 
 Eileen, I'm going to be frank with you. OK. 
 We have CCTV footage of you withdrawing ?100 from Ricky's account. 
 Why have you got his bank card? 
 What did you do with his bank card? 
 You left it for somebody to collect? 
 Perhaps. 
 With Eileen unwilling to divulge information about Ricky, the hunters hide a covert camera at the property. 
 I think you have to be very determined to be a detective. 
 Me, for one, if I think someone's lying to me, I'm going to go in all guns blazing to get the information that I need. 
 They return an hour later to retrieve the camera. 
 Sorry, my dozy colleague's left our pad on your side. 
 ( She laughs ) 
 I don't think she's noticed. 
 Got it? 
 We've got footage. 
 'What are these people? 
 What do they look like? 
 'How many of them are there?' 
 They made their job watching, looking at innocent people, just observing them. 
 Right, I need to pause this. 
 She's basically said, "It's a fuck-up. That was awful." 
 She looked through my purse and the receipt where I sent the card to. 
 Let's call that in. 
 That's where it's been sent to. 
 They'd have been the classroom snitches, these kids. 
 They just watch and observe, and report back to teacher. 
 'Hello.' 
 Hello. Erm... 
 She lied through her teeth. 
 She didn't tell us anything. 
 She's confirmed to the covert camera that she sent the card and the money that she withdrew yesterday to the Fort William area. 
 We're going to start heading to the Highlands cos it's over 120 miles from where we are. 
 Hello, it's me. 
 Is the cash in the post? 
 Ricky's using an unregistered pay-as-you-go phone to call Eileen. 
 Have they been at you? 
 How many were there? 
 Two females. 
 We've had people close to Ricky Allen being monitored, their communications have been monitored, and we have found a phone number has cropped up and we've drilled down into the details of that phone, and it turns out to be an unregistered pay-as-you-go phone - the typical fugitive's burner phone. 
 That has been used at four o'clock this afternoon to make a phone call to Eileen Critchell. 
 We need to know where it is. 
 If that turns out to be somewhere near Fort William, that gets very exciting. 
 I'll put in a location request now. 
 The state can request a service provider to tell them the location of a mobile phone using cell site location. 
 Each phone mast gives out a signal, creating an area of coverage known as the apron. 
 When a phone connects with a mast, the provider can pinpoint the user to a particular mast and apron. 
 This information is then passed immediately to the state. 
 Spean Bridge apparently is the location that they've got the burner hit. 
 Hello, Nick. 
 We think we've identified the burner a phone that he's using. OK. 
 And at four o'clock today, a call has been made to Eileen Critchell... Right. 
 ..from an area called Spean Bridge. 
 There it is, Spean Bridge. 
 Oh, yeah. Turn round, turn round. 
 We can be there in literally ten minutes. 
 The hunters are now only eight miles from where HQ believe the phone call was made. 
 He's made that call at four o'clock. 
 It is now 4:24, so we are 25 minutes behind this guy now. 
 Come on. 
 We're going to get him today. 
 The net is closing in on fugitive Ricky Allen in the Highlands of Scotland. 
 We are 25 minutes behind this guy now. 
 HQ pinpointed his position from a pay-as-you-go phone. 
 Word is they're on their way from Glasgow, hour and a half. 
 We don't know when they started, though. No. 
 Eyes peeled, Dan. Eyes peeled. 
 He might be in a car. 
 Exactly, so every car that goes by, we need to be looking in it. 
 Unless they're here now, we're ahead of them. 
 Nice and easy round here, Dan. 
 He's so round here, Dan. 
 He's so around here. 
 As the hunters search Spean Bridge, Ricky's escaping west, out of the town. 
 There's a yellow digger - perfect. 
 And at a pre-arranged drop site outside Fort William, Ricky collects the money and bank card sent by Eileen. 
 Yeah, that's it. Fantastic. I think we need to get out of here now. 
 Hi. We're headed round Spean Bridge. 
 Nothing really stood out to us, to be honest. 
 On phone : 'My fear is that this four o'clock phone call this afternoon' will mean that he is now making good his escape from that Fort William area. 'Yeah.' 
 We're trying to second guess where he's headed to. 
 It is frustrating. 
 Yeah, it's frustrating in that we get close but no cigar. 
 This is a spook-free zone. 
 Oh, my God. What a pain this is going to be! 
 
 
 
 Announcer : 'We will soon be arriving at Manchester Piccadilly.' 
 Harinder and Davinder Singh have been on the run for two days. 
 They laid a false trail sending the hunters to Norfolk, but the pair have just arrived in Manchester. 
 No, we're going the right way. 
 We're going this way. 
 Happy days. 
 The brothers' tactic is to hide in plain sight, staying with friends and family within the Sikh community. 
 We thought, you're not coming to visit us, we'll come and see you. 
 Happy birthday. Good to see you. 
 We're mummy's boys, so my mum will definitely be worried about what I'm eating, where I'm sleeping. 
 It definitely matters to us both to keep going. 
 There isn't no option to fail. 
 I want to make my mother proud, so I've got the right person around me. 
 He'll never let me down. 
 I can rely on him solidly. 
 Davinder and Harinder are the million dollar question - where are they? 
 We thought they were in Caister-on-Sea. 
 I certainly haven't ruled it out, but we now have to broaden out our minds and we'll just keep looking. 
 Following a search of the Singhs' family homes, the hunters seized Harinder's mobile phone. 
 We're getting all kinds of information that we didn't have before. It tells us all kinds of things about who they are, where they were going, what their plans are, their motivations, their contacts, their networks - everything. 
 Davinder, he's got him down as Doveski - D-O-V-E-S-K-I. 
 Armed with the brothers' phone records, HQ identify some patterns emerging, in particular with Davinder's calls. 
 You can already see quite a few recurring numbers if you look at it visually. 
 The 36 number pops up a lot quite frequently. That's a lot. 
 That is his girlfriend. That's really important. That's great. 
 They immediately start monitoring the girlfriends' phones, looking for suspicious pay-as-you-go numbers that could be the Singhs. 
 He's going to find it very difficult not to contact Kindi. 
 It's a definite weakness. 
 It's something we can use against him to try and find him. 
 I want to ring my fiancee just to say hello to her. 
 I do really miss her. 
 We constantly see each other every day, speak to each other throughout the day, multiple times. 
 I know what she's doing. 
 She knows what I'm doing. 
 Baby, I'm going to keep it brief and short. I love you. 
 I miss you and everything and we're doing well. 
 After their first night in Manchester, Davinder's taking a risk by using a pay-as-you-go phone to call home. 
 Did they take anything? They got Hari's mobile, yeah? I'm all right. 
 I love you, yeah? Bye. Bye. 
 She said that someone came to the house. 
 They emptied the bins out, they took all my receipts, everything they could. 
 When did they do it? 
 I didn't really ask much. 
 15 minutes later... 
 Hello. You all right, babe? OK. 
 ..and he's calling again. 
 When did they come to the house? 
 Yesterday. 
 We have identified new phones that have contacted their partners. 
 They could be burner phones. 
 If they're going to use them again, we will find out. 
 The fact that they raided my house is annoying me and now that they've shook up everyone, that's annoying me, so f*ck them. 
 Now we think smarter than them. 
 With the hunters monitoring the burner phone they suspect belongs to the Singhs, chief Brett Lovegrove demands new leads on fugitive Ricky Allen who's now been on the run for nine days. 
 Now he's spooked, we don't know where he is. 
 I think he probably knows he's burnt his bridges with the whole Fort William and that. 
 Ricky Allen's wife also needs to be seen and his home address needs to be searched. 
 Ricky's proving difficult but he's not impossible. 
 He's vulnerable and fallible. 
 Good morning, Nathan. 
 Good morning, Peter. 
 I want you to go to the fugitive's home address and carry out a search there. 
 The wife hasn't been particularly cooperative on previous occasions. 
 Hunters Rose and Cotham search Ricky's family home and interview his wife for the second time. 
 You know why we're here... Yeah. 
 ..to talk about Ricky. 
 What we want to know is what you know. 
 I'm sure he had lots and lots of different plans... Yeah. 
 ..and I wouldn't be at all surprised if he lay a false trail with me and what he's actually doing is something else. 
 She said he's going to be really enjoying this. 
 He's going to be loving it. 
 She described him as a guy that likes winding people up. 
 He's doing a good job. 
 I think he's an intelligent guy. 
 He's meticulous. 
 He's got spy literature in his house. 
 He's got the old classics, like John le Carre, Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy. 
 I think there's more to it than just not being found with Dr Allen. 
 He wants more out of this. 
 He wants to prove his skills, prove that he's better than us, almost. 
 Radio : 'Gales towards the north coast. 
 'The showers becoming isolated, with most places dry by the morning as the winds slowly ease. Minimum overnight low, four Celsius, 39 Fahrenheit.' 
 Ricky's been sleeping rough for the last two nights at a friend's farm near Fort William. 
 Music on radio : Twist And Shout by The Beatles At times, I find myself asking, why did I actually take on this challenge? 
 Starting to miss the family a little bit now... Emma Jane and the kids. 
 Sunday nights are always special at home. We're all together. 
 It's the one night of the week when we're guaranteed to eat together. 
 We sit by the fire and watch some TV, and I'm not doing it tonight. 
 Today is Ricky's daughter's birthday. He risks a call home. 
 Hello. Happy birthday. 
 OK, then, is it going all right? 
 Are the men bothering you? 
 We had an incoming call to the wife from a telephone number that comes down to a call box. 
 If it's not Dr Allen, I will be baffled. 
 Hello, son. How are you? 
 Are you looking after them all? 
 These men are absolute rotters, Angus. Absolute rotters. 
 I should have brought your air gun. 
 Are the animals OK? 
 We're waiting on CCTV from that telephone box to see who made that call. 
 OK, that's it. 
 This phone box is hot now. 
 They'll be coming to get me. 
 Daddy loves you all, all right? 
 Bye-bye-bye-bye! 
 I spoke to all three kids, EJ. 
 The dogs, chickens and the cat are all right. 
 Spirits are high back at Camp Allen. 
 So it's either a great deception tactic and all part of the big plan, or this is evidence of letting the guard down. 
 As times goes on, they're under that constant pressure of never knowing how close they are, never knowing when they might get that tap on the shoulder. 
 That's a massive stresser, it really is. 
 It's only a matter of time now. 
 Mistakes will start to happen. 
 You need to keep warm. 
 I know where he's hiding. 
 I just don't want to be cold. 
 Harinder and Davinder Singh have been on the run for seven days, staying mostly with family and friends in the Sikh community. 
 The brothers are now on a coach travelling north. 
 Paddy, we're on the bus. 
 We were just going to come and see you today, if that's all right. 
 Davinder's using the same pay as you go mobile to call a friend in Glasgow for a place to stay. 
 We're going to get there at eight o'clock at the Buchanan Station. 
 Thank you, thank you. 
 OK, bye. Bye-bye. 
 ( They laugh ) 
 Yeah, they are. 
 Charles, Hari. Chas. 
 'I just think, since 9/11, it's been more focused on Asians.' 
 I'm the guy that walks through the airport and, guarantee you, I'll be the one that gets questioned and pulled aside, legs apart, shoes off and searched. 
  I just think it's wrong.' 
 We're better than that. 
 Ah, you've seen that? 
 Just got it. This is Singh's, yeah? 
 'Yeah, it's one of their burners, innit, that?' 
 Are you nearby? 
 Looks like they've just gone north-west from Newcastle, all the way up into Glasgow. 
 By road, by rail? 
 As HQ deploy a ground team to Glasgow, the brothers' friend is taking them to a safe house on the outskirts of the city... 
 This is really nice. I was expecting, like, something from Trainspotting. 
 ..and introduces them to a contact, Robert, who has surveillance experience. 
 Who's Hari? I'm Hari. 
 I'm Robert. How you doing? 
 Robert, I'm Davinder. You all right? 
 Davinder, how you doing? 
 Pleased to meet you. 
 We've called them on a burner. 
 HQ have been hunting fugitive Ricky Allen for 14 days. 
 They believe he's hiding out in the Scottish Highlands. 
 So there has been some activity on Ricky Allen's bank card today at the Royal Bank Buildings on Main Street. 
 Where's Mark? Is he there? 
 He's in Fort William. 
 Right, brilliant. 
 I put in CCTV for there. Thank you. 
 Mark, it's Ben. 
 Hi, Ben. You all right? 
 Yeah, I've got an urgent update for you on Dr Allen. 
 He has used an ATM. 
 And the postcode is papa hotel three three, six tango Quebec. 
 We are six minutes away, we are, from here. 
 We're making ground to there now. 
 I need urgent updates on any CCTV. 
 So the cat's getting a lot closer to the mouse at the moment. 
 CCTV footage comes in from the ATM. 
 That is a positive sighting. 
 It's good to see him. 
 It renews our energy to find him. 
 We know that he was actually physically in that location. 
 It's the first positive ID on Ricky Allen since he went on the run. 
 I want this guy apprehended as soon as possible. 
 We've got to get this guy. 
 But Dr Ricky Allen has been laying an intricate trap. 
 He plans to lure the hunters to a remote hiking shelter called a bothy, so he can turn the tables and spy on them. 
 It's superb, isn't it? 
 To lay the bait, he's sending texts to a friend's phone which he suspects the hunters are monitoring. 
 It's gone. 
 They'll be speeding their way here. 
 Man : Do you think you're smarter than them? 
 Well, on the evidence so far, we are, aren't we? 
 Surveillance... It's rather like a hopeless man spying on a beautiful woman that he's attracted to from a distance through his binoculars. 
 She knows he's watching. 
 Who's in control? 
 Just because you're the subject, doesn't mean to say that you have to be the victim. 
 A text message from what we believe is Ricky Allen's burner phone. 
 Content of that message, words to the effect that the car is f*cked. 
 Needs a wheel brace. 
 Can you help, question mark. 
 Oh, we've got another text. 
 Reading this? 
 Hot off the press. 
 I'll read it to you. 
 Follow the alpha 830 westbound for 15-20 minutes until you reach Craigach car park. 
 With Ricky Allen, I think this is... almost a bit of a "screw you" to the system. 
 I think he's a bit of an anarchist at heart. 
 He likes to be disruptive. 
 It would feel like a victory to catch him. 
 Everybody ready? 
 The ground team, made up of ex-military and experienced trackers, close in. 
 There could be radio silence for an hour and a half to two hours. 
 The bothy is located deep in the Highlands and can only be approached by foot. 
 You'll reach a turning circle for logging lorries. 
 That is a turning circle. 
 Take the right-hand track, continue on the track and you'll see the bothy at the top of the hill. 
 If it's a deception, it's incredibly elaborate, it's brilliantly planned and it's a stroke of genius. 
 I don't think Dr Ricky George Allen is a genius. 
 Let's go up. Looks like the front door's on the left-hand side. 
 OK, let's go round the back. 
 Ricky : That was fast movement. 
 Man : That's them. 
 No sign. 
 No. Clear. 
 Nothing. 
 OK. Right, cover the rear. 
 Cover obvious escape routes from there. 
 Look around, hiding around the building. 
 (Rick?) 
 Please, be silent. 
 (Rick!) Be silent. 
 Steve? 
 ( He whistles ) 
 OK. 
 Ricky whispering : 
 (This is f*cking marvellous. 
 (What a job!) 
 It's Ben. 
 Hello, it's Mark. Hello, Mark. 
 OK, we've been here for a long time in this bothy. 
 The upshot is, he is not here. 
 So we will continue to trawl the area. And the story unfolds and he keeps us on an exciting trail, so thank you very much, Dr Allen. 
 We will find him. 
 We need to have an open mind about our tactics, Ben. 
 Cheers. 
 So there we are. 
 Most satisfactory. 
 Ricky Allen clearly thinks we're a bunch of slack-brained fuckwits and, erm, he may be proved right. 
 'I love being an outlaw at the moment. 
 'Incredible excitement. 
 It's very thrilling indeed.' 
 What can we do to them next? 
 Home sweet home. 
 And it's warm. 
 He's the one now that I'm going after. 
 I really want to catch him. 
 I really want to bring him in. 
 Fugitive Dr Ricky Allen has slipped from the hunters' grasp, and HQ refocus their efforts to track down Harinder and Davinder Singh. 
 Davinder and Harinder. 
 We're obviously following the trail of the phones. 
 We've had Manchester but, more recently, we had Glasgow. 
 The hunters have intelligence the Singh brothers are using a burner phone and are tracking their movements using cell site data. 
 Now, Glasgow was a couple of days ago now. 
 But they've gone quiet, the burner phones have gone quiet. 
 We've found this area of weakness. 
 They have to call home. 
 It's a natural human weakness. 
 Whenever I go away from home, I call every day. 
 I want to speak to the children. 
 I want to speak to my wife. 
 It's an understandable weakness but it's a weakness that we have to try and exploit. 
 Brothers Harinder and Davinder Singh have been on the run for 12 days. 
 Four days ago, they arrived in Glasgow and have been laying low at a safe house. 
 Weird, man. 
 I haven't even spoken to her. 
 It's just weird. 
 Thinking about her is kind of weird. 
 This is the bit where I start to cry, right? 
 Do you want to cry? No. 
 I'm really, really missing my wife and Caden. 
 It's hard. 
 I didn't know it would be this hard and it does change your whole perspective on life. 
 I'm not a lovey-dovey kind of guy, and I do love her. 
 I miss her. 
 I just miss the comfort of things. 
 Don't break the fence. 
 The Singh brothers have decided it's time to move on... 
 Hey, baby girl. How's it going? 
 ..and despite being warned not to phone home, Harinder risks a call to his wife. 
 Yeah, home soon. All right. 
 Love you. Bye. 
 ( Phone rings ) 
 'Hello.' Good morning, Karen, it's Peter. 'Good morning.' 
 The partners of Davinder and Harinder Singh were both called from the same pay-as-you-go mobile telephone. 
 'I would like you to redirect to Glasgow, please.' 
 We're going to move from here. 
 I just wanted a favour if it's possible if you're not busy. 
 'They may well be being harboured by fellow members of the Sikh community.' 
 Yeah. 
 You all right, buddy, yeah? 
 The Singh brothers have phoned one of their friends to help them get out of town. 
 So what we're thinking is go back to the Midlands. 
 Anywhere we can get a bus to. 
 We're trying to find the cheapest option, right? 
 They decide to lie low in his shop to organise their next move. 
 What if we camped here? 
 In the shop? 
 Cos when you put the shutters down... 
 It's absolutely safe. 
 There's nothing to worry about. 
 That pay-as-you-go phone has then made another call. 
 Let's find out whose phone that is. 
 HQ traces the call to a phone owned by a Mr Mukesh Bagga. 
 I've just found that Mukesh Bagga is licensed for selling alcohol at a place at on 120 Acre Road. 
 That may well be a convenience store, off-licence or something like that. 
 'OK, we're on our way.' 
 So we don't know if he's with them or not, but the fact that these two phones connected means we should go look this guy up and ask him some questions. 
 Where are we going? Brom, yeah? 
 Drop me? Yeah. OK. 
 Ex-surveillance operative Karen Hunt goes in undercover. 
 Outside the shop, there's no trace. 
 No trace at this time of the fugitives. 
 No trace. Received. 
 Stand by, stand by. 
 Possible, possible, talking to a white female outside. 
 In the back of the shop, the Singh brothers are monitoring the store's CCTV. 
 God alive. 
 Is it Marksfield House or something? 
 Marksfield House? Yeah. 
 No. Doesn't ring any bells with you? 
 What is it? 
 It's just a block of flats. 
 She walked up that way then walked that way so I'm trying to keep an eye out. 
 After requesting CCTV footage from the area around the shop, HQ get a breakthrough. 
 One o'clock. Hot damn. 
 Finally. 
 If they haven't seen anyone come out, they're still in there. 
 Hello, bud. 
 'Hello, mate. Go ahead.' 
 CCTV sighting, 120 Acre Road at that shop. 
 Karen, I'm committing now to the shop, to the shop. 
 Karen : Mark, that's the owner. 
 Can we come in? 
 No, no, you cannae come in. 
 Let me come in. Hold on. 
 Turn the light out. 
 Let me explain. 
 Let me explain to you, mate, OK? 
 Everything suggests from CCTV I'm monitoring that two people of interest are in your shop right now. 
 And right now, I'd like to come in. 
 OK? 
 We're surrounded. It's like ants. 
 Karen : Stand there, OK? Don't move. 
 OK? Stand there. Stay there. 
 Talk to them in there. 
 I know you're in there. 
 Can you open the door, please? 
 It would be a lot easier. Otherwise, we've got to break the door. 
 f*ck the po-lice. Wait, man. 
 Don't touch the f*cking door. 
 Move yourself back. 
 OK. Listen, listen, come out. 
 Listen... Back up a little bit. 
 My colleagues are going to take hold of you. 
 Do you understand? 
 Good man. Come with me. 
 Karen : You're coming to the car. 
 Hold him. Hold him. Come on. 
 ( Shouting ) 
 Karen : Don't even f*cking think about it. 
 I'm going to put you on the floor. 
 Just to confirm, both fugitives are in custody, have been apprehended. 
 Well done, guys. 
 Next time: We are not going to withdraw, we are not going to lick our wounds. 
 They've put a reward on me. 
 We have to get as far away from here as possible. 
 I'm worried about their state of minds. 
 However, probably going to work to our advantage. 
 Excuse me... f*ck! 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 