Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x02 - Season 2, Episode 2 - Hunted 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x02 - Season 2, Episode 2 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=451&t=29235 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/23/16 18:09 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x02 - Season 2, Episode 2 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 (Buzzing) 
 Can you hear that noise? 
 What noise? 
 What is that? 
 It's following us! 
 Ten ordinary people from all over Britain are about to become fugitives. 
 Just stand back for me with your arms out. 
 Going on the run will be the biggest thing that I will have ever done. 
 (Beeping) 
 Full of metalwork. 
 I always ask the question, can I still soldier? 
 They have to disappear in one of the most watched countries in the world. 
 I hate authority, like, bearing down on me. 
 You've just got to make sure you leave no trace. 
 The great advantage in this is my politeness. 
 Excuse me, sorry. 
 Hello, sorry. 
 Tracking them down is an elite team of hunters... 
 Hack his phone, hack his hardware, search his house. 
 ..armed with the powers of the state. 
 I love you! I love you! 
 Turn off the phone! 
 There we go. Self site location. 
 Well, get after them! 
 Get him! Get him! 
 But if they can evade capture for 28 days... 
 Missing the boys, missing home. 
 ..they will win a share of £100,000. 
 100 grand! 
 To be able to give money to my mum and put a deposit down on the house. 
 I want to win and I want to win in style as well. 
 There's no way you're going to catch me. 
 Got him, eyes on, eyes on. 
 Come on! 
 Where will they hide? 
 Who will they trust? 
 There's no other lady that I know who would ever ask me to go on the run with her. 
 (Horn sounds) 
 Stand down! 
 Ten fugitives, 28 days, £100,000. 
 Someone's running. 
 What would you do? 
 Stay where you are! 
 Fugitives are on the run. 
 They're ex-military. 
 Definitely military, yeah. 
 Kirk Bowett and this one, Jeremy Scarratt. 
 We are in, my friends. So we now own Kirk Barrett's online life. 
 Olaf is good to go for initial pick-up and safe house. 
 The fugitives are reliant on a network of ex-military fellow amputees. 
 Good luck. So it's going to be case of following the phones and following their associates. 
 I do really want these guys. 
 So chief, I think we've got a confirmed sighting of Jez Scarratt. 
 They'll be looking for two guys on the run and we're clearly together. 
 We're following the south side locations for Karen Cameron. 
 Mr Basrai's curry house. 
 There some hunters over there. 
 They look like they're looking for somebody. 
 I think we've got eyes on. 
 They've just gone out the back. 
 Oh, sh1t. There's no way out there, is there? 
 Bugger. 
 They went through the kitchen exit of the restaurant, so can you help me work out how many options they've got? 
 There's doors all round this. 
 They're all retail units which haven't populated yet, so I think it's a contained unit, so regardless of where they go, they're stuffed, we've got them. 
 What's upstairs? 
 Is it still the restaurant? 
 Yes, restaurant, part of restaurant. 
 What's above that? 
 Nothing. You cannot go. 
 This is only a few exits. 
 Could you drive us out? 
 Mexican stand-off all day long. 
 Like Butch Cassidy, isn't it? 
 Good man, thank you. Everyone in the back, everyone in the back. 
 There's a van coming out, there's a van coming out. 
 We've got a vehicle leaving the service yard. 
 The driver of the van is the man in the restaurant. 
 What type of van is it? 
 It's a Fiat, a blue Fiat van. 
 Registration, VRN... 
 Again, Foxtrot Oscar... 
 07 Hotel. OK, he's taken a right past Wilkinson's car park. 
 Hold... 
 (Groans in frustration) 
 So there's nobody following us at the moment. Fantastic. 
 Is there any sign of that van? 
 Not as yet, boss. 
 Get ANPR on that van. 
 Oh, come on, mate! 
 We're very... 
 (Groans in frustration) 
 It's all up for grabs, unfortunately. 
 That was just the craziest escape ever. 
 What we've done is outthought them, haven't we? 
 OK. And breathe. 
 It's a massive hit to morale when you lose a fugitive, because so much work has gone into it and you don't know if you've missed the only opportunity you'll get. 
 There's always that element of looking back at the choices that you've made, but you have to park that, put that one side and get back in the frame. 
 Probably have to draw the assumption they're going to shut off their comms at this point. 
 HQ have no ANPR hits on the getaway van, and the phone they've been monitoring to track the fugitives to Blackpool has also gone dark. 
 There you go, we're out. 
 Two miles from the restaurant, the manager drops Jez, Kirk and their accomplices at a park. 
 Cheers, buddy, you've been a fantastic star, thanks for sticking up for us. 
 I think we lost them. 
 I'm fairly confident we lost them. 
 It's all clear. 
 Jez is a typical old-school Royal Marine. 
 It's like having a big brother, or a father figure over my shoulder. 
 And I think that's a good thing, stop me making mistakes. 
 There is a shared brotherhood with amputees at the end of the day. 
 Our determination and our grit and what we've gone through in the past is going to help us get through. 
 I'm not the only person in this office who, in the course of their professional lives, have experienced crushing disappointment. 
 The surveillance job that goes wrong, the evidence that gets contaminated, and a not guilty verdict at a very important trial, those kind of things happen. 
 It's how you react to those things I think which really... dictates what kind of person you are. 
 We've just got to stay cool and think. Think what our options are. 
 After losing Jez and Kirk, HQ is regrouping. 
 So, have we covered... 
 We've got his cheque, we've got the AMPR, we've got this CCTV. 
 Can we think about contacting the area? 
 What about the station? 
 They drove past that as well. 
 Do you think they could have jumped out? 
 Train station? 
 Yeah. Which station's he going in? 
 You've got that already. 
 Coach station. 
 I guess one of the things I'm quite mindful is we have a huge surge of all of our other resources, understandably, on the live targets, and there are several other targets out there that we can't let drop. 
 Eight days into the hunt, Jez and Kirk have slipped through the hunters' net, while the other fugitives have spread across the length and breadth of the UK. 
 Nicholas Cummings. 
 We are torn. 
 He could be epically sophisticated, and he's escaping and evading very successfully, or he's lucky because we haven't devoted as many resources on him. 
 I suppose I'm quite practical... but not very effective. 
 I think I muddle through. 
 That's the thing. 
 That's what it's going to be. 
 28 days of muddling through. 
 Oops! 
 (Laughs) 
 Let's move on to Madu and Ayo. 
 They were certainly with the brother, travelling in his vehicle. 
 They've got so many associates and so many family and friends all over the country. 
 Madu! How's it going? 
 I haven't seen you in a long time. 
 I've only just recognised you. 
 You put a bit of weight on there. 
 Yeah. Don't say that to me. 
 I'll cry. 
 Is this your midlife crisis, Ayo? 
 It is a bit of a sign. 
 Last adventure before I have to properly grow up. 
 So, we've got Anna and Elizabeth. 
 I think we understand their MO very well. 
 Sporadic. Hitchhiking. 
 I think we just need one more little bit of luck, one more little nugget of intelligence and I think we can really pin them down. 
 We are on the run, us two. 
 We just got a lift up with Frank. 
 We're just going to rely on the goodwill of people and hitchhike. 
 We're not going to use any public transport at all. 
 I think members of the public are more likely to help out people, girls of our age. 
 Two smiley young girls who kind of appear quite vulnerable. 
 We're being hunted by ex-MI5 agents and ex-Secret Service. 
 It's a massive reward. 100K. 
 And consequently, I think they've put some considerable thought into how they are going to go on the run. 
 I don't give a toss. 
 It's us against them. 
 I want to catch them. 
 OK. Thanks everybody. Let's do it. 
 Hamish and Mikaela. 
 They're a bit of a puzzle, actually, which is quite frustrating. 
 Hamish lived an adventurous life, built a yacht in Malaysia, has a few business interests. 
 Divorced but can't see a connection to Mikaela at the moment. 
 What about social media connection, anything that's indicating any connectivity, Facebook? 
 It doesn't seem like their lives are that intertwined now. 
 They live in separate places and they've only got eight Facebook friends in common. 
 Right. And actually, quite a lot of those Facebook friends show that they studied at Newcastle University, so I think that's where the link's come in. 
 Perhaps they're old friends. 
 That's how they know each other. 
 You can come alongside me today. 
 Hold hands! 
 Hold hands! 
 My relationship with Mikaela started when I was at university. 
 We had a bit of a fling at university. 
 Shall we have a little snog? 
 We are having such fun, just here. 
 People are asking, will we rekindle it? 
 Hamish will definitely try! 
 Does my bum look big in this? 
 The answer's yes. Good. 
 Absolutely not. 
 Well, you have to say she's there, but as soon as I get her in a ditch, she's mine. 
 Such a dickhead, Hamish! 
 Mikaela, she's also had a colourful life. 
 Four kids. 
 I knew I wanted four children cos I thought that was...it looked fun. 
 The last one's a lovechild. 
 I went to a jazz festival and met a tall, dark, handsome stranger. 
 Come on, Hamish. For f*ck's sake! 
 Everyone was salsa-ing, so we salsaed off into the moonlight. 
 She comes from an army background. 
 Her dad was a Gurkha officer. 
 She's probably attended public school here. 
 Probably boarded if parents were overseas, I'd say. 
 Fairly close to here is where I used to go to school. 
 I think they might help. 
 Hello. You are still not sure who it is yet, are you? 
 You're Mik Skinner. Oh, he's so... 
 I mean, how can he remember? 
 How can I ever forget you? 
 You caused so much trouble. 
 Michaela plans to use her old school network for support while she's on the run. 
 It does seem weird that you go back to your old school, but I think it's a good network that the school has of friends and family that could help us. 
 Well, we are especially interested in people with in people with jets, horses, water ski boats. 
 Definitely water-skiing. Sounds fab. 
 He's got such a large list of contacts, I'm just trying to narrow them down a bit. 
 'You feel that they aren't going to dob you in, whatever the reward. They're on your side and they're going to be with you through thick or thin.' 
 What I'm used to doing is trying to make psychological sense of the aftermath of crime scenes that can help lead the police to whoever's committed the crime before they strike again. 
 Here, I've got rather less than I normally have to go on. 
 Even the really simple, basic information we've had today tells us about the skills, the tendencies they have. 
 Each of them will have one failing, one weakness, and all it takes is for that weakness to come to the fore at that moment when we are on them, and we've got them. 
 Come out, come out, wherever you are. 
 With no AMPR, HQ have lost Jez and Kirk's getaway van. 
 Any sign? 
 None yet. 
 Groundhunters Paul and Michelle are now searching for the car that originally brought the fugitives to Blackpool. 
 Is there any sign of the dark grey Vauxhall Corsa? 
 Not as yet, boss. 
 This car park is rammed. 
 I mean, we can have a walk around. 
 OK. 
 The owner of this car is Karen Cameron, whose husband is a fellow limbless veteran and part of Jez and Kirk's military network. 
 HQ tracked the fugitives to a restaurant in Blackpool using her phone. 
 But it's gone dark. 
 Has that phone moved any, Louisa? 
 No, we haven't had any pings yet. 
 Nope. 
 I feel like I could cry. I actually feel like I could cry. 
 I know. I know. 
 You've done a great job. 
 We'll pick it back up. 
 You'll always have my support. 
 My fear now is that they will go completely off plan. Off plan. 
 Completely off plan, completely rogue and disappear into the ether. 
 This is my primary concern. 
 Can you actually do my laces up today, Jez? 
 Do you like me doing it? 
 Because I had to run then. 
 A few miles north of Blackpool, Jez and Kirk are hiding out at the home of Michelle Vance, a contact of their accomplice, Karen Cameron. 
 He is a flipping legend, isn't he? 
 He has to tie my laces every day. 
 Being cornered in the restaurant made me realise how important it is, and the more effort we put in and each day we go just makes it even more valuable to get to that finish line. 
 If anything, we've learnt a massive lesson now and we're really going to have to up our game, I think. 
 Might even be a bit pissed off as ex military, I think they might have thought they were a bit cocky and would have lasted longer than this period and for us to have come in like that would have bruised their egos as well, which I find quitesatisfying. 
 We up our game as well. 
 We're going to get them. We're in this for the long haul so let's really stay focused. 
 Chief, can I interrupt? 
 We've got some breaking intelligence. 
 So at 14.30 today, Karen Cameron's phone number, which we have, dialled a number registered to Michelle Vance. 
 Jez and Kirk's network is live again and the hunters have a second chance. 
 Can we find out as much as possible about Michelle Vance? 
 The address, vehicle registration, numbers associated with her. 
 We all know from experience that these investigations can turn just like that. 
 So, this is Michelle Vance. 
 So, it looks like she's a pharmacy manager. 
 So, while Mr Basrai was giving them a lift, Karen Cameron could have been calling Michelle Vance. 
 Michelle's offered us to stay for the night here so we can regroup. 
 It's classic military organisation. 
 So, move through an area, they've got to fix a point, a single point of contact within the area who potentially coordinates and leverages all the other known associates, so, this sort of play, with my background being military intelligence, military planning feels really familiar to me. 
 There's two things that kind of compromise us today. 
 Karen's phone, or us walking through town. 
 If we were walking through town and we were pinged through town then it's facial recognition, why don't they spot us in the restaurant? 
 So, Louisa, I've just had the address in for Michelle Vance in Fleetwood. 
 What is most likely is that they're now both at that address. 
 Hello. Hi. I need you guys to move to the address of Michelle Vance. 
 We think that Michelle Vance is a clean resource, that Karen Cameron's reached out to. 
 So, we've got Mark and Carl to come and provide support as well, so they are en route. 
 Should be with you for 1800. 
 Look out for the car of Karen Cameron. Dark grey Vauxhall Corsa. 
 Convinced they've located Jez and Kirk, HQ deploy two teams of ground hunters to the home of Michelle Vance. 
 Is this far enough? 
 Very, very near it here. 
 So, we are parked up and we can see any vehicles that are coming out. 
 OK. Just sit tight and wait for Mark and Carl to arrive. 
 We need to get back out of town again because this isn't good. 
 Towns and town centres just aren't the place to hide. 
 They will have you. 
 I don't recommend eating in a restaurant while on the run. 
 Obviously, we need to get away from here, so don't let's overthink it, let's get gone. 
 Good luck. Hope you win. 
 Thank you, duck. 
 How're we looking, mate? 
 Lots of sun. 
 Let's get out of here. 
 We're off. We're away. 
 There's a grey car just pulled out of here. f*ck. Go forward. 
 A silver... Definitely... 
 We think a silver Corsa just pulled out of the junction! 
 Radio : A silver Corsa pulled out of Fleetwood Avenue! Yeah. 
 I can't see the vehicle at the moment. 
 Radio : It must be at the roundabout. 
 We've got eight minutes. 
 Let's just keep this on. 
 Hang on, hang on! Sighting. 
 Right, right, right at the roundabout, four up. 
 Bear one. Wait one, I will give you exact position. It's the A585. 
 Is somebody following this on a map for us, please? 
 Mark's behind them! 
 He's behind them? 
 Yeah. 
 f*cking got them today, haven't we? 
 So there's 4x4 Volvo following. 
 That's followed us out of Fleetwood. 
 It's actually keeping a lot of distance. 
 (Video link) : From what we can see, there's a female driving. 
 A female driving. 
 Is he turning in to follow us? 
 He is. It's them. 
 Yeah. They're following us. 
 We're right behind them. 
 It's not over. 
 It was the phone call, Jez. 
 Wasn't it? 
 He's flashing us. Flash as much as he wants? 
 (Beeping) 
 Drive on. Ignore him. 
 We're running parallel with them now. Let me just give them advice. 
 Time's up. Time's up, come on. 
 Suggest you f*ck off. 
 He's telling me to f*ck off. 
 This is the most stressful capture ever. 
 See if there's a way we can lose him in the services. 
 Left, left, left, committed off the motorway. 
 Straight into the services. 
 You do have to be aware of the fact that they might not want to stop. 
 Preparing their bags to vacate. 
 Yeah, yeah. 
 If you can baulk the nearside, baulk the nearside. 
 Your time on the run is over. 
 Your time on the run is over. 
 Don't make off. Let me see you. 
 Time on the road's up, mate. 
 You've done it, all right. 
 Stay where you are. 
 Hi, Jeremy. Job done. 
 Job done, mate. Done it, guys. 
 (Applause) 
 Well done, everybody. 
 'The actual guys on the ground, the guys grabbing you, these are alpha people. I've been an alpha person. My injuries have restricted me somewhat, and I'm hugely envious of these guys, because at one point, I was there. And seeing them doing their job put a lump in my throat.' 
 'It's never a last tour. You've always got another tour in you.' 
 We've got another eight fugitives to find, so we can't spend too long patting ourselves on the back, blowing smoke up our own backsides and telling each other how good we are. We've got work to do. 
 'I want to lead this team to the best of my ability. They deserve strong, firm, decisive leadership.' 
 We had a capture today. Great. 
 It buoys everybody's spirits. 
 We're all delighted. 
 But the minute that euphoria subsides it's, bang! 
 Back at it. 
 With eight fugitives still at large, HQ escalate their tactics. 
 Ladies and gentlemen, the time is now right to launch a national media campaign with regards to all of the outstanding fugitives. 
 We're going public. 
 
 
 
 They target media outlets with pictures of the fugitives. 
 It has begun. 
 Twitter, Facebook, YouTube. 
 Have you seen this pair? 
 Ayo Adesina and Madu Alikor. 
 You may qualify for a cash reward. 
 Print and radio. 
 The latest fugitives could be in a town near you and the hunters want your help. 
 Every set of eyeballs in the entire United Kingdom should be watching out for them. 
 They really won't know who to trust. 
 Everybody is a hunter and you don't know whether every single person who sees you is about to make that phone call. 
 Oh, my God! 
 "Have you seen these women? Be part of the action support and help find... Anna May and Elizabeth Garnett. 
 Over the past week childhood friends Anna and Elizabeth have hitchhiked their way more than 500 miles from Cornwall to Scotland. 
 They'd been waiting for a lift at a company depot outside Perth. 
 Oh, my God. I'm scared. 
 I'm terrified. 
 Holy Moley. Was when I was younger I was a bit of a doormat. 
 I used to get bullied quite a lot. 
 I think a big aspect is to show myself I can do it, I am capable. 
 I think it will just instil me with a lot more confidence and I think that's kind of what I need at the moment. 
 Are you worried? 
 Yeah. 
 So am I. 
 Just about people. 
 Trusting them? 
 Yeah. 
 This experience will show to my family I am independent and I can cope. 
 I want to make them proud and prove to them I'm strong, strong, young person. Yeah. 
 Oh, thank you so much. 
 Aware there's a price on their heads, the girls are keen to move further north. 
 Sales rep Catherine agrees to drive them. 
 Are you sure you just want to go to Dundee? 
 Yeah, I think so, yeah. 
 I'd be worried about Edinburgh. 
 No, I'm on about remote. 
 Those guys outside won't put anything on Facebook or anything, will they? 
 No. 
 (Phone rings) 
 Hunter headquarters. Hi there. 
 I'm just phoning up information on the two girls that are being hunted. 
 The two girls? 
 OK. 
 So what do you know? 
 They were just in here having a cup of coffee and they've been taken to either Dundee or to Stanley by one of our colleagues. 
 How long ago was that that they left? 
 About five minutes ago. 
 That's absolutely fantastic. 
 If this leads to their capture, this information, it could give you a £250 reward. 
 What was the name of the staff person, do you know? 
 Catherine. 
 Do you have a number? 
 Yeah. 
 That would be fantastic. 
 078... 
 Hello, bud. I have a new location for you to head towards. 
 Dundee. We've had what we believe to be a reliable member of the public ring in with live intelligence regarding Anna and Elizabeth. 
 OK. It's a live one, buddy. 
 So beautiful. This is what Scotland's like. 
 (Phone rings) 
 Hi, Frank. Catherine. How you doing? 
 I'm all right. 
 To who? 
 To the hotline? 
 (They gasp) 
 sh1t. Oh, my God. 
 I knew it. I knew it. 
 I thought they seemed suspicious. 
 They might come and interrogate you. 
 I'm trying to think what you could say. 
 They might offer you a lot of money. 
 Yeah. 
 You don't do it, do you? 
 Oh, no. I know. 
 I just feel terrified. 
 I want to win so bad. 
 Catherine drops the girls on the edge of the Cairngorms, in the village of Kirkton of Glenisla. 
 Thank you so much. 
 See you soon. Thanks! Bye. Bye! 
 Did you trust her? 
 Did I trust her? 
 Yeah. Yeah, I did. 
 We need to go. 
 Hi, is that Catherine? 
 It is, yes. 
 Catherine, good morning to you. 
 My name's Mark. 
 Police detective Mark and former covert specialist Carl are in Scotland. 
 They jumped in your car, didn't they? 
 Yes. They've made contact with Catherine, the last known person to give the girls a lift. 
 Where did you take them? 
 Oh, I can't tell you that. 
 I'd like to just try and meet you in person, if I could, and emphasise that financially for you I could really make this worth your while. 
 I'm talking a significant end of day bonus for you. 
 We should never have come to f*cking Scotland. 
 What a f*cking shitty idea. 
 Hamish and Mikaela. 
 They have no particular reason for doing it other than simply for the experience. 
 For yet another experience in lives that I feel have probably been... fairly hedonistic. 
 By studying their online lives psychologist Dr Donna Youngs has built a profile of Hamish and Mikaela. 
 Their business activities that I can see seem to be about image, whether it's her dresses or his fine foods or his property investment services. 
 It's all about image. 
 She's obviously a real extrovert and has a lot of social skill. 
 She's very good at talking to people. 
 The attention seeking propensity will come to the fore. 
 She won't be able to keep that hidden for very long. 
 And action! 
 He's on, he's on! 
 Yes! 
 Oblivious to the social media campaign, Hamish and Mikaela are making the most of their time on the run. 
 I'm thinking that the hunter's aren't going to think that we're going to be waterskiing so I think they'd be pretty cross we're having so much fun on the run. 
 Oops! Go on, Hamish! 
 (She laughs) 
 To be honest, I feel great at the moment. 
 It's about going back to adventure, grab every opportunity and enjoy yourself because then you can go off to the Lake District or somewhere and just have a wicked time. 
 Two middle aged people from fairly comfortable privileged backgrounds. 
 How well are they really going to manage with the lack of comforts, the lack of luxury items? 
 That's going to be their downfall. 
 I think everything with Anna and Elizabeth at the moment is fitting in with their MO and what we believed. 
 Sporadic hitchhiking, keeping things completely erratic is their tactic. 
 And so far it's worked, but fortunately for us we've got the public on our side this time and it's really helping. 
 I'm so annoyed at that stupid boy for grassing us up. 
 So the hunters have obviously deployed vehicles. 
 They'll have managed to get CCTV images of what we now look like and what we're wearing, which is f*cking marvellous. 
 Don't let me down, Catherine. 
 Don't let me down. 
 I can't even begin to explain how stressful it actually feels. 
 You can't truly 100% trust people. 
 It's kind of like you're really, really alone and... this is a relatively new feeling because we've been placed with a lot of trusted people over the past 11 days and it just shows how people change when there's money involved. 
 Hello. Hello. How you doing? 
 Good to see you. Mark. 
 Nice to see you. Hiya. 
 Thank you for taking the time. 
 I might as well not mince my words and get to the point, really. 
 Yeah. And tell you I could offer you a cash reward and that reward, I need to be clear, is information which leads to the capture of those fugitives. 
 Have you got kids? 
 Yeah. 
 We're relying on you to help us here. 
 I'm genuinely concerned for them because they're two young, naive kids, they're not quite as street as they think they are. 
 I would be happy to pay you £500... 
 Wow! 
 If you can help us. 
 You'd be willing to assist us. 
 Yeah. 
 OK. So where did you drop them? 
 I dropped them in a place called Kirkton of Glenisla. 
 Hi. Sorry to bother you. 
 This sounds weird. We're on the run. 
 We're being hunted by people and we are really desperate. 
 We're desperate for a lift if you could give us one. 
 Just out of here along that road. 
 I'm sorry, no. 
 Oh, sh1t. Thank you. 
 Thank you though. 
 (She sniffs) 
 I'm fine. Are you sure? 
 We need to really go. 
 You have to have a certain mind-set to survive out here, without a shadow of a doubt. 
 OK. Yeah, it's called Scotch. 
 We're just stuck... 
 Oh, sh1t. 
 I think the reality of it has sunk in and... 
 They're here. The net is definitely moving in. 
 You don't know anyone who has a car here who may be able to drive us? 
 There you go. 
 Kirkton of Glenisla. 
 Honestly, thank you so much. 
 Thank you so much. 
 Would it be all right if you don't tell anyone where you drop us off? 
 Yeah, that's fine. Thank you. 
 What is the hub of the community? 
 Village hall. OK. Hotel. 
 You can guarantee they'll have been in there. 
 Hello. 
 How you doing? 
 You all right? 
 Yeah. 
 I just want to have a chat, really, about two ladies. 
 ♪ Can't you see that I ♪ 
 Ooh Whoo! 
 ♪ In love with you ♪ 
♪ Don't run away from my love ♪ 
♪ Don't run away from my love... ♪ 
 Yey! 
 ♪ You are the reason that I want... ♪ 
 Hopefully the hunters are still looking around Scotland and in a village while we're going back down and down back into England. 
 Any one of these cars going past now they could be in. 
 I have to say, these girls are beginning to earn my respect. 
 If we're honest, if they've jumped in a lorry and done a 300 mile trip... .they're lost again. I'm sorry to sound so negative but we need to be, have some reality about this. 
 That's where we're at with it. 
 So we launched the social media campaigns yesterday, we now have in place Facebook, Twitter and also YouTube. 
 The public response I would suggest is split between fantastic and screw the hunters, support the fugitives. 
 But it's good that people are phoning in. 
 (Phone rings) 
 Hunted headquarters. 
 OK. And which of the fugitives is it that you think you've seen? 
 Ayo, I think. Ayo. 
 Yeah. And which of the fugitives are we talking about here? 
 I know her as Lolly. 
 OK. So this lovely. 
 We're getting phone call after phone call from members of the public. 
 We have to decide whether that is a hoax or whether it's actual intelligence. 
 It's actually quite difficult to do at the end of a phone. 
 We thought that we saw Nick at the Tank Museum. 
 The Tank Museum? 
 Yeah. What was he wearing? 
 Law enforcement relies heavily upon public engagement. 
 Look at Crimestoppers, look at Neighbourhood Watch, look at all those bodies that are absolutely crucial. 
 Well, thanks for phoning in and thanks for your help. 
 I'm not entirely convinced. OK. 
 He said he was very, very drunk. 
 He saw them for about 30 seconds. 
 This cottage here? 
 That exact cottage. 
 Oh, you're so kind. 
 Mikaela's former teacher has suggested the fugitives try their luck at his brother's house. 
 Nobody in at the inn. 
 I think we're going to the pub then. 
 This is beautiful. 
 How they are feeling will really depend very much on the particular psychology of the fugitives. 
 For some of them confidence will be sky-high at the minute. 
 They will be almost hubristic. 
 They'll really be feeling that they're winning, they've got one up on us. 
 ♪ Celebrate good times ♪ 
 Come on! 
 Whoo! Whoo! 
 For others, the initial thrill will have started to wane. 
 She's been unable to sleep at anywhere that's remotely rough, she just seems to get pretty desperate around about 7.30 - eight o'clock to find herself a nice big bed and a bottle of champagne. 
 Can we hitch a ride? 
 She's loads of fun and a wonderful energetic personality but it's interaction with human beings that gets you caught. 
 We've got foldable bikes. 
 (Gruffly) : I don't like the cold. 
 They've got a tiny bit of land that we can camp on, but I just...you know me being very delicate, I'm not sure about the cold. 
 So I've asked Steve very nicely if there's any chance we could kip down upstairs. They've got some empty rooms upstairs. 
 Wow. Wow! 
 Life on the run is kind of like a continuum of a night out. 
 (They laugh) 
 Rugby, play rugby? 
 No, no. 
 Not with a ponytail. 
 (Phone rings) 
 Hunter headquarters. 
 OK, what was the name of the pub? 
 That's one plan. After tonight I'm thinking get straight on that road and hitch out of here. 
 We're going underground. 
 Not even seeing anyone because we can't help talking about it. 
 Don't look at me, don't look at me. 
 How did you find out that we were looking for them? 
 So you found about us on the website on the Facebook site, is it? 
 Yeah. OK. 
 Where are the staying? 
 They're staying at the pub? 
 Yeah. 
 Why is it that you've decided to phone this in? 
 You don't really like the look of them, did you say? 
 All right. Well, that just sounds absolutely fantastic. 
 This has been tremendous information. 
 Thank you very much. 
 We'll get a team there as soon as we possibly can and hopefully be in a position to make a strike. 
 Fantastic. 
 Here's us with plenty at stake and we are sitting in a pub making too much noise because we don't want to go outside and sleep in a tent. 
 ..three... 
 Hamish and Mikaela have spent the night at a pub in Wiltshire. 
 Following a tip-off from a member of the public, Louisa is briefing hunters Neil and Amy on the capture operation. 
 Pull up in a car, recce the location. 
 If they are outside, to remain in situ, in vehicle, and gauge next steps covering potential exit. 
 Short of jumping into the canal, their options are reasonably limited, and we also think they may have had a bit too much to drink last night, so, hopefully, you're going to have the advantage here. 
 That's the boring thing, isn't it? 
 Packing up, unpacking, packing up. 
 Thank you so much. 
 We are... 
 We've just come into the car park and actually, we've got eyes on them now. 
 Can you show us with your screen, if possible, Amy? 
 So just behind the cars, you've got Mikaela on the left wearing a beige top and white shorts with a black T-shirt underneath. Yep. 
 They're not paying any attention to us, they're chatting away quite happily at the picnic benches. 
 Mikaela is now heading into the pub, she's taking back some coffee cups, carrying a towel. 
 Hamish remains on the bench. 
 So it's a temporary loss on Mikaela as she goes into the pub. 
 She's in, in, in. 
 Let's wait and see. 
 It's all about controlling the adrenaline and keeping calm and composed because any sort of premature movement now will jeopardise this. 
 We're in a good position, we just need to keep calm and make sure we coordinate this smoothly and effectively, and this should be a clean catch. 
 Just stand by, guys. 
 So, I've got Mikaela, she's out, out, out the pub. 
 She's coming down the hill now towards us. 
 So we have confirmation of eyes on Hamish and Mikaela? 
 Yeah, confirmation both for Hamish and Mikaela, we have eyes on, eyes on. 
 She's getting in, in, in to the car. 
 I'm going to switch seats in case I need to block these off in the car. 
 I'm going to cut this vehicle off, guys, so just be aware of that. 
 Can we go when they close these doors? 
 Yes, yes. 
 OK, in, in - go, go, go. 
 Quick, lock the windows, lock the door, lock the door. 
 Lock it, lock it, quick. 
 You've both been hunted down. 
 Mikaela, Hamish, you've both been hunted down. 
 Your time on the run is over. 
 Put it in reverse, go right, go right, turn right. 
 Oh God, he's letting the tyres down. 
 We're letting his tyres down now. 
 (Control room laughs) 
 Come on, get out. 
 Mikaela Sales, you've been hunted down. 
 Your time on the run is over. 
 OK, got Mikaela. 
 Your time on the run is over. 
 Stay by the car, don't move. 
 He's caught as well. Both caught. 
 Well done, everyone, great work on these two. 
 Amy, Neil, great result. 
 Thank you, that was professional, that was clean, executed brilliantly, I wouldn't have expected anything else. Great capture. 
 Was that all right? 
 Please don't jump in the canal. 
 She's jumped in the canal. 
 I hope you don't mind, but I shan't be jumping in after her. 
 Thank you. 
 See you later, guys. See you later. 
 You can't just sit in a tent, squirreling around. 
 What's the point? 
 Each day of your life, you need to enjoy it, so I don't think it's any mistake to enjoy life. 
 Just a simple case of us making too much noise. 
 It's the champagne lifestyle that's led to our downfall. 
 We deserve to be caught at this stage. 
 They could be on their way here, right this second. 
 I can't breathe. 
 Go, go, go, go, go. 
 We'll get dogs, we'll get drones, we'll get boots on the ground. 
 Can you smell the money yet? 
 We're going to take her down. 
 I am not invincible. 
 I might actually get caught. 
 I'm not here to be played like a fool, OK? 
 (She shouts) 
 (Dogs bark) 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 