Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x01 - Pilot - Sleepy Hollow 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x01 - Pilot https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=153&t=9175 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/13/13 14:15 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x01 - Pilot 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Crane! We don't have much time. 
 Ichabod, no. 
 No, no, no, stay with me, please. 
 d Please allow me to introduce myself d d I'm a man of wealth and taste d d I've been around for a long, long year d d Stole many a man's soul and faith d d I was around d d When Jesus Christ d d Had his moment of doubt and pain d d Made damn sure that Pilate d d Washed his hands d d And sealed his fate d What's wrong with your face? My face is expressive. 
 Age is the price of wisdom. 
 Oh, what you got this time? Unsolved homicide in Dobbs Ferry. 
 Might be able to help the I. 
 O. 
 run a few leads. 
 But you don't need to worry about that now that you're leaving and all. 
 You know, some people, when they read the paper, they relax. 
 They're off the clock. 
 My clock has its own schedule. 
 And you are a fry thief. 
 A little warm-up, sheriff? Oh, thanks so much. 
 You doing okay, Abbie? I'm real good, Maddie, thank you. 
 Don't you find it odd, all the unsolved cases around here? I mean, you, of all people Stop. 
 I know what you're doing. 
 You are drinking too much coffee. 
 You've been strange enough as it is. 
 I'm just saying, aren't you gonna miss all the excitement? Quantico takes It is the FBI's only feeder program. 
 I'm not asking if you're qualified. 
 I'm asking if you're running away. 
 Hey, your pie's soup, old man. 
 Time's up. 
 It's on me. 
 Father. 
 Sheriff. 
 Charlie 101 to Com. 
 Go ahead, Charlie 101. 
 I got a call from the Fox Creek Stables. 
 Horses are spooked by something. 
 Probably coyotes again. 
 All right. 
 We will be right over. 
 And this is why I got into police work. 
 But you're gonna miss this. 
 I tell you. 
 You go on up to the house. 
 See if you can find Jimmy. 
 Be careful. 
 Yeah. 
 Mr. 
 Oglevie? It's Lieutenant Mills. 
 Ooh. 
 Shh, shh, shh, easy there. 
 Easy. 
 Easy, easy. 
 Easy. 
 Easy. 
 Easy. 
 Easy. 
 We got a weapon on the ground. 
 Say again, Abbie? You're breaking up. 
 Something is wrong. 
 We have a weapon on the ground. 
 Stand by. 
 Oh, my Corbin, I found Oglevie. 
 Someone cut off his head. 
 This is the sheriff. 
 Step out where I can see you. 
 My God. 
 Oh! Corbin. 
 Officer down! Oh, my God. 
 Officer down! Fox Creek Stables! Repeat, Fox Creek Stables, officer down! Turn around! Put your hands on your head! I said turn around, put your hands on your head! On your knees! It isn't him. 
 You sure? I know this isn't easy, Abbie, but please take a closer look. 
 Andy, I'm sure. 
 The man I saw was wearing some kind of old military uniform, like, uh red coat. 
 He had something on his hand. 
 I don't know, like a branding. 
 Did he carry a broadax? What? The mark on his hand was it a bow? How do you know that? Oh, no, no. 
 No, no, it can't be. 
 Hey. 
 Who is he? When's the last time you saw him? When I cut off his head. 
 Who are you? Are you an elected Magistrate? Is this an admiralty court? What are you doing? This is a polygraph machine. 
 I ask you questions, it knows if you're lying or telling the truth. 
 The machine knows? What the hell kind of a place is this? By what right are you holding me against my will? And what on earth is that? You're being held as a murder suspect in the death of sheriff August Corbin. 
 I had nothing to do with that man's death. 
 Weren't you listening? - Sir I can't force you to take this test, but if you pass, you have a better chance of walking out of here. 
 Proceed. 
 Thank you. 
 Tell me your name and where you're from. 
 My name is Ichabod Crane. 
 I was a Professor of History at Merton College, Oxford, when I was enlisted in the Queen's Royal Regiment and sent to the American colonies to fight the patriots. 
 It didn't take long for me to have a change of heart, and I defected. 
 You're saying you're a spy. 
 I'm saying the rule of tyranny betrayed the weight of my conscience and I couldn't allow myself to give my life for anything less. 
 So, yes I became a spy under the command of General Washington. 
 General George Washington? Do you know him? Tell me about the "Horseman. 
 " Would you admit to cutting off his head Yes or no? No. 
 First I shot him. 
 But he rose back up. 
 Beheading him seemed the next logical step. 
 Then what happened? I was taken to triage. 
 No, no, no, no. 
 No. 
 Katrina was there. 
 Katrina? My wife. 
 She's a civilian nurse in the 37th Regiment. 
 I was dying. 
 Ichabod, stay with me. 
 Stay with me. 
 I must have lost consciousness. 
 Next thing I knew, I woke up in a cave. 
 So you have no memory of what happened between now and then, no rational explanation as to why you believe there's a headless horseman running around Sleepy Hollow. 
 How did you end up here? I could tell you if I knew where the hell "here" is. 
 Now, I have questions, several thousand questions, but I'll spare you the indignity of strapping you to a damn chair. 
 Now, where am I?! The question isn't where but when. 
 The good news is you won the war. 
 The bad news is It was 250 years ago. 
 Welcome to the 21st century, Mr. 
 Crane. 
 Not one spike. 
 He might be setting the table for an insanity defense. 
 Take him to St. 
 Gregory's. 
 I want a 72-hour psych eval. 
 Okay. 
 I'll take that now. 
 We're transporting to St. 
 Gregory's, two vehicles. 
 Sir? Captain? I'm Lieutenant Abbie Mills. 
 I was sheriff Corbin's partner. 
 Yes, of course. 
 I'm very sorry for your loss. 
 Thank you, sir, but if I could ask before you send him to the psych unit, may I have a chance to interrogate him myself? - Absolutely not. 
 He described the appearance of the man that I saw in perfect detail. 
 He described a man with no head. 
 Would you like to corroborate that, Lieutenant? No, sir. 
 But in putting the pieces of what I remember back together, a detail sticks out. 
 And what is that? There was very little blood in August's neck wound. 
 I checked with the coroner's office, and they confirmed that the wound was cauterized, which means that the blade was heated to 500 degrees. 
 Why would that be? Arson didn't find a single trace of fire near the area. 
 Mr. 
 Crane obviously saw something that may help us understand what we're missing. 
 Or he could be the killer. 
 We both know polygraphs are trickable. 
 Sir, I understand - Lieutenant Mills, I'm sorry, but the answer is no. 
 Go home, get some sleep. 
 May I at least be the one to transport him? My questions will be limited to the 20 minutes it takes to get there. 
 Maybe it'll help me get some closure. 
 Please? Mr. 
 Crane? I'm Lieutenant Abbie Mills. 
 A female Lieutenant? In whose army? You're not gonna break character, huh? You've been emancipated, I take it? Excuse me? From enslavement. 
 Okay, I'll play along here. 
 I am a black female lieutenant for the Westchester County Police Department. 
 Do you see this gun? I'm authorized to use it. 
 On you. 
 If you're insinuating I endorse slavery, I'm offended. 
 Wait, back up. 
 You're offended? I'll have you know I was a proponent of the Abolitionist Act before the New York Assembly. 
 Congratulations. 
 Slavery has been abolished 150 years. 
 It's a whole new day in America. 
 Oh. 
 Well, I'm pleased to hear it. 
 I, on the other hand, remain shackled here. 
 How do I remove these damn manacles? You don't. 
 I do. 
 You want my help. 
 Which suggests you have no options. 
 I'm not gonna say that I believe you. 
 But I am the closest thing to it that you're gonna come across. 
 Well, I can't say I believe you, either, Ms. 
 Mills. 
 I haven't told you anything. 
 No, you've told me everything. 
 Everything you aren't telling your colleagues. 
 And what exactly would that be? That the killer you saw was a headless horseman. 
 It can't be mere coincidence that he and I arrive in this place at exactly the same time. 
 That isn't possible. 
 Oh, really? Oh, well, that's wonderful news. 
 Thank you for the clarification. 
 Here I thought I'd actually awoken in the future. 
 And that my wife had been dead for 250 years. 
 I'm glad that everything I'm seeing and hearing and touching is impossible. 
 Because that means it isn't actually happening. 
 I have orders to take you to a mental institution. 
 Excellent. 
 This day continues to bear gifts. 
 Will we be sharing a cell, Lieutenant? Get in the damn car or I will shoot you. 
 Right. 
 It's very annoying. 
 That building used to be a livery stables. 
 Yeah? Well, now it's a Starbucks. 
 Where they make coffee. 
 That building is also a Starbucks. 
 Yep. 
 How many are there? Per block? Is there a law? The Civil War didn't wake you? Noisy neighbors to the South? Did you get up to pee? I don't know about you, but I'm getting up to pee every 75, 80 years Have you quite finished? Because most of what you say is unintelligible gibberish to me. 
 It's like watching a chicken cluck. 
 And when did it become acceptable for ladies to wear trousers? All right. 
 You said you woke up in a cave. 
 I want you to show me. 
 You're violating orders. 
 Convenient part for me is, if you tell anyone, no one will believe you. 
 We don't have much time. 
 It's like a gun. 
 Point, shoot. 
 Entering from north. 
 There appear to be carvings on the walls, a pit filled with clay. 
 Surrounding the pit approximately 20 feet from the entrance, there are what appear to be jars filled with liquids. 
 Six of them shattered. 
 We don't have much time. 
 By God. 
 What is it? A Bible. 
 It was buried here with me. 
 With this passage marked. 
 The Book of Revelations. 
 "And there before me stood a white horse. 
 "And its rider held a bow. 
 "And his name was Death. 
 "And then a voice like thunder said, 'Come and see. 
 '" This tells of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse. 
 Come on. 
 The Redcoats had just ambushed us in the Hudson Valley. 
 And in a desperate hour, Washington called me to his tent. 
 The revolution, he explained, wasn't merely a war for the future of our country. 
 It would determine the fate of every man, woman and child on Earth. 
 He gave me a mission. 
 To kill a man who'd reveal himself on the Hudson shore. 
 An unknown mercenary recognizable by a mark on his hand. 
 That of a bow. 
 Okay. 
 Now, this is crazy. 
 Which makes it no less real. 
 Field trip is over. 
 Let's go. 
 This Bible was left with me for a reason. 
 The connections are all around us. 
 You just aren't yet willing to accept them. 
 Accept what? That the man I'm after, the man who killed Corbin, is one of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse? When I beheaded him, that man didn't die. 
 Because he was never a man at all. 
 He is Death itself, Lieutenant. 
 And somehow he has returned to Sleepy Hollow to finish what he started. 
 
 
 
 I'll never tell you where it is. 
 I'm prepared to die. 
 I need you to stay here. 
 Oh, no, I How do you How - Captain? - Not now, Mills. 
 I want a 20-foot perimeter, full sweep of all surveillance cameras Who the hell would decapitate a reverend? This is supposed to be a nice, quiet town. 
 You got rosebushes on every damn block. 
 The wound's cauterized again. 
 Same M.O. as the farm. 
 What the hell is he doing here? I never authorized his release. 
 Sir, that's what I was trying to tell you. 
 Crane was in my custody when this happened, - which means he's not - You didn't answer my question. 
 Why isn't that man locked up in St. 
 Gregory's? Captain, someone's on a killing spree, and that man is our best chance of catching him. 
 That man needs a straightjacket, and you violated a direct order by bringing him here. 
 He saw something, something that might help us. 
 This is not your call to make. 
 Now, you take that man into a padded cell, or you're suspended until further notice. 
 End of story. 
 You're hanging yourself for this guy, Abbie. 
 Walk away. 
 Please. 
 Sir, come with us. 
 We need to take you - Guys, guys, he's with me. 
 I told you to stay in the car. 
 Yet, as you know, I'm insane and therefore impervious to simple commands. 
 What the hell are you doing? The bird, it led me here. 
 A bird led you here. 
 That's great. 
 Katrina. 
 "Burnt for witchcraft. 
 " There's something you should know. 
 Something that I haven't told you. 
 Crane? What more do you need to believe me? You want me to say that the killer is the First Horseman of the Apocalypse and my proof is an old Bible that we found in a cave? You witnessed your partner's murder with your own eyes. 
 Why are you working so hard to deny it? Because I do not have the luxury of giving you the benefit of the doubt right now. 
 I am a week away from leaving, and that man can end my career, and you're not helping. 
 So let's go. 
 No, no, wait. 
 You're leaving Sleepy Hollow? Yes. 
 No, no, you're not. 
 No, our fates are entwined now. 
 Running away isn't gonna change that. 
 I'm not having this conversation with you right now. 
 And even if I thought what I saw was possible, I will be alone again, arguing a case I do not understand based on something that I cannot explain. 
 Let's go. 
 Wait, wait. 
 What do you mean, "again"? Nothing. 
 Something happened to you, didn't it? Before all this. 
 Something that's made you doubt your perceptions for quite some time. 
 Hey, I don't need to be psychoanalyzed, or whatever your version is, by a man who thinks that only yesterday he was fighting for George Washington in the Revolutionary War. 
 I'm sorry, but I need more, and we both need sleep. 
 Thank you. 
 I got you your own cell. 
 It's the best I could do. 
 It's a measurable step up from a cave. 
 Look, I don't know how to get my head around any of this, but I do get that no matter what happened to you, this must all be scary. 
 Perhaps an asylum is exactly where I belong. 
 All right. 
 You asked what happened to me. 
 Back in high school me and my sister, Jenny, were walking home one night in the forest. 
 All of a sudden, there were these four white trees. 
 Something not right about them. 
 And then, there was this voice. 
 I couldn't see it clearly. 
 I couldn't tell if it was a person or a thing. 
 And, uh, we blacked out. 
 Next thing we knew, someone found us on the side of the road, and everyone said we were crazy. 
 I guess, after a while, Jenny started believing it. 
 Where is she now? In and out of places like this. 
 She's battling demons. 
 But then, you showed up, and everyone said that you were crazy. 
 So I guess I just know what that feels like. 
 It's lights-out. 
 Okay. 
 Thank you. 
 Suppose this is farewell, Lieutenant. 
 You can call me Abbie. 
 I'm very sorry about your partner. 
 There were 100 witches who were put to death in Sleepy Hollow between 1712 and 1816. 
 Town records suggest members of two different covens integrated into the populace and changed their names to stay hidden. 
 Others spread out across the east coast. 
 Two covens representing good and evil. 
 I found hundreds of unsolved cases. 
 Just seem to have been ignored. 
 Murders, disappearances, and it's not just here. 
 The cases track through Boston, DC, Manhattan. 
 I know they're all connected. 
 I just I don't know how. 
 Case file 632, Abigail and Jennifer Mills, sisters who describe seeing a demon-like figure linked to four white trees that appeared out of nowhere. 
 This correlates with a local farmer in 1882 who claimed to see the same thing in the exact same location. 
 He believed the trees were symbols representing the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse and that the Demon was sent here to raise them. 
 I don't know what to believe. 
 I want to tell Abbie what I found. 
 I just-just don't know how. 
 I look around this town, I don't know who to trust anymore. 
 Closer I get to this, the closer I feel something is getting to me. 
 What are you doing? I was just looking through old case files for something that might help. 
 There's nothing here. 
 Look, I'm not gonna say this again. 
 Let us do our job. 
 Get some rest. 
 Thank you, sir. 
 Katrina? Forgive me, my love. 
 This is the only way I could reach you. 
 I've been trying to lead you. 
 The gravestone. 
 My body was never buried in that grave. 
 It hides the true location of the Horseman's skull, guarded throughout time by one of my coven. 
 We don't have much time. 
 Then Then you are a witch. 
 We are part of an ancient order sworn to fight the darkness that hides in Sleepy Hollow. 
 When you wounded the Horseman, your bloodlines merged. 
 You became linked, bound together by blood. 
 The only way to stop him was to cast a spell on you both. 
 Then we entombed the Horseman's body deep below the river. 
 We buried you in that cave to protect you. 
 Then you didn't awaken me. 
 It's the Horseman who's been awakened, Ichabod And you along with him. 
 How? By who? By the same evil that's trapped me here, the very one that controls the Horseman now. 
 It's found us. 
 There isn't time. 
 If the Horseman reclaims his skull, he'll become whole again. 
 Three more will follow, and then it will begin. 
 What will begin? The end. 
 You must stop the Horseman from retrieving his skull. 
 Remember, light is his weakness. 
 He can't survive the sunrise. 
 Find me, please. 
 Free me from this place! How? I don't understand. 
 The answers are in Washington's Bible. 
 You are the First Witness, Ichabod. 
 Katrina! - Now, please, wake up! - Katrina, wait! Wake up! Find the skull! No! No! No! No, no! Stop! What-what! This will help calm you down. 
 I know what he wants. 
 All right, if you have to, let me Stop! I'm taking him back into custody. 
 Crane, get your things. 
 Officer, this man is not fit to be moved. 
 Stand down and let me do my job! Let's go. 
 Walk fast. 
 We got about one minute till she realizes that court order's a practice sheet from my Academy exam. 
 I know what the Horseman's after. 
 Corbin had a cabinet full of case files, hundreds of them, and this. 
 It's a map of the Hudson valley charted in 1776. 
 Guess whose signature is at the bottom. 
 I've seen this before. 
 Washington used to personally survey all the field sketches for battle. 
 Corbin marked sites around town he thought had some meaning, like a puzzle he was trying to put together. 
 How did this end up in your sheriff's cabinet? I don't know. 
 I don't think it was an accident. 
 That night that he arrested me, he knew what happened with me and my sister. 
 He believed it was real. 
 It is real, Miss Mills The faceless figure, the four trees. 
 I saw it as well. 
 Andy, please, I need you to call in all units. 
 Andy, I know what he's after. 
 I'm telling you, it's at the church. 
 Whoa, whoa. 
 You know this how? Because of that whack-job? I'll explain everything. 
 Just get them there. 
 If I have to go through Irving, he'll ask for proof that I can't give yet, and the department is spread thin as it is. 
 No kidding. 
 I just worked a 36-hour shift. 
 Just getting home. 
 Look, I'm right about this! I need to get this guy. 
 And if you're wrong, it's on both of us. 
 Andy, trust me. 
 Please. 
 All right, I'll call it in. 
 I'll meet you there. 
 Thank you. 
 I know where it is. 
 Oh, my God. 
 You all right? I need a rifle from your trunk now. 
 Where's backup? I don't know. 
 I-I called it in. 
 Metro, officers Andy? I told you to stay away from him. 
 I tried, but you didn't listen. 
 Please. 
 It's okay. 
 Andy, please. 
 I want to protect you. 
 I'm gonna protect you. 
 Lieutenant! - Abbie, Abbie - Cuff yourself to the door. 
 You can't kill him, Abbie. 
 He is Death. 
 Do it! Put the weapon down! Put your hands on your! What the hell is that? Do it now! You think he can hear us? - I mean, he - How the hell should I know? I said put the weapon down! You can't kill him. 
 He won't die, Abbie! Crane! Whoa! Whoa. 
 I called you. 
 Lieutenant? Hey! No! He's with me. 
 I'm all right. 
 I ought to throw you in jail. 
 Except I have a preserved head in a pickle jar and two cops who just backed up your story. 
 Not to mention a confession from Brooks, who says he'll plea-bargain, but only if he talks to you and Captain America here. 
 Hmm? Now, there's a room full of press looking for answers that I don't have. 
 So why don't you help me for a change and give me some? The truth, sir? We're just scratching the surface here. 
 Whatever this is, it's gonna get a lot worse. 
 Outstanding. 
 I'm told you're transferring to Quantico next week? Not anymore. 
 I think this is where I'm supposed to be. 
 That man is our only lead. 
 He has answers. 
 Go get me something I can understand. 
 Both of you. 
 There's something you should know. 
 In my dream, Katrina referred to me as "the First Witness. 
 " Revelations. 
 This speaks of two witnesses, brought together for a seven-year "period of tribulation" to defend humanity from the forces of hell. 
 Their battle is prophesied to ordain the fate of the world on judgment day. 
 You think that's us? You said, after the woods, you lost your way But perhaps you were called to something, Abbie. 
 To finish the work your sheriff started. 
 Perhaps we both were. 
 Brooks said a war was coming. 
 Let's find out what else he knows. 
 Please, give me another chance. 
 Please. 
 And I heard, as it were, the noise of thunder, one of the four beasts saying, "Come and see. 
 " Then behold a pale horse, and his name that sat on him was Death, and hell followed with him. 
 d Please allow me to introduce myself d d I'm a man of wealth and taste d 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 