Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x04 - Funeral - Pure 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x04 - Funeral https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=810&t=30807 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/31/17 09:14 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x04 - Funeral 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on  Pure ... 
 I had to tell Voss that I would take Gerry's place. 
 God wants me to submit to His plan. 
 Please give your old phone to Joey. Take a new one. 
 So I can meet everyone in Voss's business and write down their names and their crimes,  and then I can destroy this whole satanic mob. 
 "Epp, Jeremias." 
 The arrest report says that you seized his phone. 
 Why isn't it on the evidence list? 
 You realize that if that phone is lost,  his lawyers will argue that all the evidence in this case is inadmissible. 
 Show me where the money is counted. 
 If I bring you into this, how do I keep you safe? 
 If you don't, how do I keep you safe? 
 Bald man :  On your knees! 
 (machine-gun fire) 
 (sheep bleating) 
 ♪ 
 (panting) 
 What do you say we stick to the original deal? 
 Sound like a plan? 
 (breathing audibly) 
 Holy sh1t. 
 (Abel retching) 
 (Abel coughing) 
 ♪ 
 Ah, God. 
 (gasping) 
 ♪ 
 Oh, no. We gotta clean this up. 
 But this is murder. 
 If the cops find out, then Voss finds out and then we're screwed. Alright? 
 Did you know about this? Huh? 
 Did you know this was the plan, Noah?! 
 Chad told me he would help with Mr. Crowbar, but he didn't say how. 
 Alright, alright. We need to hide these bodies, OK? Abel, look at me. 
 Yeah, yeah. 
 No one finds out about this! No one! 
 What the hell is he doing? Are you praying? 
 We don't have time to pray! We need to clean this sh1t up! 
 Abel, get in that house right now and find something we can put these bodies in! Go! 
 (tinkling) 
 (generator noise) 
 Anna : Tina? 
 Tinky? 
 (cows mooing) 
 (chickens clucking) 
 Tina? 
 (buzzing) 
 (Beep!) 
 Noah. 
 (Noah speaking Low German) 
 (barn door opening) 
 Young man :  Why do we all need to go? 
 Because Wilma is sick and Walter is hopeless on his own. 
 Go across the fields, it's quicker that way. 
 And if you're back before 6, I'll know you didn't do enough to help. 
 (cows mooing) 
 You're pastor's children now. Go! 
 (sigh) 
 Tina : She's trying to get rid of us. 
 You spend too much time pretending to know things you don't. 
 Just be glad you're so clueless. 
 He's seen more than any of us and he doesn't say a thing. 
 (horse whinnying) 
 Oh, Gott im Himmel! 
 Bronco! 
 (Anna speaking Low German) 
 I did nothing. 
 It was Chad and his pals. The help you called in. 
 We just have to hide them for a while until we can figure out what we're gonna do. 
 Are the children gone? 
 (Bronco grunting) 
 Yes. Uh... 
 The woodpile. Abel, hurry! 
 Hurry! 
 We're gonna need clean clothes. 
 Jo.  Those bodies can't stay here. 
 Yeah, we're gonna stash 'em until we come up with a plan. Lift! 
 (men grunting) 
 You know, it is your plan that got us into this mess. 
 (grunting) 
 Going undercover was your idea, and going behind their back was your wife's idea. 
 You are an evil, stupid man. 
 Yeah. 
 Brooda!  Help me with this. 
 (Abel and Noah grunting) 
 Alright. 
 You got the Demons in play. 
 Voss has got his cash, so we can let off the heat a little bit, right? 
 OK? We just need to figure out... to dispose of these bodies and then figure out a way to get Voss talking business on the wire. 
 First of all, we do not just "dispose" of the bodies like they're pigs in a slaughterhouse. 
 These men are standing before God right now, being judged for their sins, as we will all be judged! 
 How are we going to get Eli Voss up here? 
 Eh, football player? 
 You tell him the truth. 
 You tell him that killing the Janzens scared our drivers, and the only way that he can get the cash is if he comes here in person. 
 What?! 
 No one calls Eli Voss. If he wants to talk, he calls. 
 And he doesn't just come get the money like a truck coming to get the milk. We send it. 
 On time or else. 
 So we come up with another idea, OK? 
 I got a friend in the DEA. 
 We work with her, and we can throw a giant net over Eli Voss. 
 The Drug Enforcement Agency, why them? Why not your own boss? 
 I have some concerns, you know? 
 Maybe I'm just paranoid, but I think Voss might have somebody working on the inside of my shop. 
 (disquieting music) 
 Among the police? 
 Yeah. Maybe. No, I don't know. 
 So you have no help. 
 It's just you and me against Eli Voss and his entire mob? 
 And also your brother Abel. 
 There's a hose in the milking barn. 
 Go clean yourself up. We'll finish here. 
 ♪ 
 (calm music) 
 ♪ 
♪ 
♪ 
 (distressing music) 
 ♪ 
 Maybe we shouldn't either. 
 We put it in the milk! 
 We tell Voss, new idea. 
 We suspend the coke inside a container-load of milk, ship it across the border then bake it back to its crystal form. 
 Every time Voss tries to move a shipment, the DEA is all over him. 
 Trust me. He needs a new way to move his product. 
 We are farmers. 
 Not scientists. We don't know how to do such things. 
 You don't have to. I have a guy that will take care of it. 
 You just make sure that Voss comes north and sees the process for himself. 
 Nobody phones Eli Voss. 
 Nobody tells him to do anything. 
 Well, somebody does. 
 Voss has to have eyes and ears in the  Auslander  world that has a direct line back to him. 
 We find that person, and we get them to send our message. 
 You understand? 
 What about the bodies? 
 (horse whinnying) 
 I will take care of that, OK? 
 Um, thank you for the clothes. 
 And, uh, the ones with the blood on them... 
 I will burn them. 
 Good. 
 (door closing) 
 (reggae song playing) 
 (cell phone ringing) 
 Yeah? 
 Hey, Doc, it's Bronco. I'll be right over. I got some homework for you. 
 (saw whirring) 
 (buzzing and clanking) 
 You got the money? 
 Jo. 
 All of it? 
 I'm number two. I should have been in on this. 
 Did you find a driver yet? 
 No. He heard about the Janzens and got spooked. 
 How did you get the Demons to back off? 
 You had one job, Joey: find a driver. 
 If this doesn't get to Voss, we are all in trouble. 
 Now, can we trust you to do this one thing or do we have to find someone else? 
 Nee. Nee, I'll work on it. 
 If not, someone will have to call  Onkel  and explain the delay. 
 I said, I'll work on it. 
 Besides, no one calls  Onkel. 
 Someone does. 
 Someone who knows the  Auslanders.  Maybe your brother? 
 There's one person. Gerry knows, but he won't say. 
 Find a driver. 
 Do something about those bodies. 
 They're getting ripe. 
 You have to talk to Gerry. 
 (Noah sighs) 
 (Noah sighs) 
 Hey, I finished your paperwork. 
 You're welcome. Still no sign of Gerry Epp's phone. 
 Kingsley had me rewrite a chronology of the whole thing. 
 That was my bust. Why won't she come to me? 
 I don't know. 'Cause you weren't here? 
 Hard copy's on the desk. 
 Oh, what does it say? 
 "Bronco screwed up. It's not my fault. Love, Jay"? 
 Hey, the phone's a crucial piece of evidence that you lost, not me. 
 Not that a judge is gonna care, 'cause if this case gets tossed, the sh1t lands on all of us. 
 Especially me. 
 I didn't lose the phone, Jay, OK? Somebody lost it for me. 
 Whatever you say, man. 
 (indistinct conversations) 
 Goddammit! 
 ♪ 
 I forgot to bring in the wood. 
 I'll get it! Sit! Sit! 
 ♪ 
 I have decided the funeral will be on Friday for the men in the airplane. 
 Do drug dealers deserve a funeral? 
 They were men with families, men with souls. 
 They deserve at least that. 
 I will see Peter Wiebe tomorrow about coffins. 
 Being pastor has brought many new responsibilities, and I am blessed to have a family so willing to help. 
 ♪ 
 (indistinct talking) 
 Man : Do you want me to call you back? 
 (distant siren) 
 (sigh) 
 (phone ringing) 
 (indistinct conversation) 
 ♪ 
 (drawer sliding open) 
 (indistinct conversation) 
 (sinister music) 
 (indistinct chatter) 
 ♪ 
 (phone ringing) 
 (indistinct chatter) (knocking on door) Chief, you got a sec? Yeah. What's going on? Gerry Epp's phone, uhh, wasn't lost or misplaced. Someone made it disappear because they were worried that their name might appear on the contact list. And I believe that "someone" is here in this department. Ahem! I found that in Jay's desk. Detective Novak, this is a very serious allegation. Yeah, I know. I mean, I can't believe it either. He's like a brother to me. Alright. Leave it with me. OK. (door opening) (phones ringing) (indistinct chatter) (girl laughing) (indistinct chatter) You OK? It just gets weirder and weirder. Tell me about it. You wanna talk? Somewhere that's not school? ♪ Voda  doesn't like me wasting time this way. He says it's prideful. You must have sketches too. A few. Not like this. Mostly tagging ideas. Can I see? (Ben sighs) I showed you mine. I keep my sketches in my room so my dad doesn't realize who's been tagging the walls all over town. Bring your sketches. ♪ One sec. (unsettling music) ♪ I-I saw it through the doorway... Your drug-dealing parents send you to scoop whatever evidence my sad excuse for a dad may have found. No. It's not like that. So there's nothing in your bag? You know what? Take it. I don't care. Ben, please, you don't understand. Just go. 
 
 (reggae music playing) Bronco : Please tell me you didn't park the buggy up front. Snowflake is tied up in the park. (Bronco laughing) "Snowflake," I love it! This is the guy I was telling you about. Doctor. Pastor. Pastor. Doctor. You bring the stuff? Yeah. The good doctor sacrificed a gram of his own stash for a little trial run. And it cooked back up like the crust of a crème brûlée. So, we are gonna have to scale this up in order to impress Eli Voss. So here's the plan. When Voss gets wind that his merchandise can be moved in a milk truck, he's gonna want to see it. So he comes back up into Canada, you engage in some high-tech, milk-smuggling banter on the wire, and hello, judge and jury, we got him in the bag. Voss knows I don't want to help him. He'll be suspicious. Well, you just tell him you're doing it to buy back your freedom, and he'll believe that you're dumb enough to bargain with him, which you are. Trust me, Voss needs this. We have the message; we just need the messenger. (ominous music) (men talking indistinctly) Joey tells me Anna pushed her way into my business. I knew you were weak, but that is truly pathetic. I need to speak to your uncle. I know you don't know how to reach him, but Joey says you know someone who does. There is one. An  Auslander. Voss' connection to every major dealer this side of the border. If you give me the name, I will double your family's allowance. You must really be in a tight spot to come here begging for my help. It's an emergency. Out of options? The lives of your brother, your wife and children hanging by a thread? ♪ (indistinct chatter) You son of a bitch! Ugh! Officer : Hey! Hey! Hey! (grunting) Sarge, hey! You b*st*rd! Come here! Officer : Stop it! Stop it! You're finished, Novak! You hear me? You're done! I'm not the one who made the phone disappear! Yeah, I found the evidence bag in your desk! Because you put it there, you loser! You're pathetic, Novak. I'm done with you, man. All the charges against the Mennonites have been dropped because of your incompetence, Novak. Not his, yours! So if you can still find your own badge, I want it on my desk. (phone ringing) (indistinct chatter) He said the lives of your children are hanging by a thread? Jo, but he doesn't mean that. Yes, he does,  Brooda. I know him. We need to find the name of the  Auslander  who can get our message to Voss. You'll never get that from Gerry Epp. Imagine how  trotzich  he would be if it were his children's lives in danger. What are you suggesting? (distant train horn) You wouldn't hurt them of course. Nee. Nee, nee, nee. Just take them on an outing somewhere. When they don't come home from school, Justina picks up the phone, calls Gerry and.. They know you a little from when you used to buy the drugs from their  Voda, jo? (vehicle approaching) They are just boys. Everyone who mucks out the barn gets a little dirty, Abel. Joey, I need to borrow the truck. What? Why? You can't drive. Jo. How different can it be from a tractor? Besides, I am the  Bauss,  and I need the truck. (dinging) (groaning) Jesus Christ. Ben! (crowd-cheering ringtone) Novak. It's working! I keep retesting because I can't believe the numbers I'm getting. (sigh) Will you write it down? Right. sh1t! Now, I have to do it all again. Anyway,  don't ask me how... maybe it's the acids in the milk neutralizing the alkaloids in the coke... but this sh1t  is now 98.5% pure. Mmm! Off the charts! And the driver is certain he saw them get off the bus? But that was over two hours ago and we all look the same to you anyway. I want to speak to the driver myself. What are you doing with Joey's truck? Your boys are fine as long as Gerry gives me what I want. So you call him, explain the situation and then you ask him, "Whose life is hanging by a thread now?" ♪ 
♪ (exclamation in German) (grunting) ♪ (sigh) ♪ Two coffins. As you ordered. I'm afraid I have to ask for two more. Best not to ask why. Just make them. Bitte. I know. I know. It's not how I said it would be. But we have to have faith in God, and trust that we are following His will. And I say, follow it where? (sigh) (birds singing) (sigh) (Honk!) (buzzing) Hmm! (Beep!) Jo? So I heard from my wife. So now you give me what I want. Or what? Or something bad will happen. Naw, you keep 'em. What? How long have we known each other? When we were  kinder,  you couldn't even put a worm on a hook. How could you hurt my boys? Also, Justina needs a break so keep 'em. Your children? Oh, and by the way,  they're dropping the charges. See what happens when you go to outsiders? I'm coming back, Noah Funk, and when I do, I will hurt you in every way I know how. (Noah sighs) It is strange to see you driving. Why should it be any more strange than seeing me hide bodies or kidnap children or smuggle drug money? It did not go well? Does Abel know? (Noah sighs.) You should call him. And Bronco. I know it's hard for you to have him involved in our affairs. I saved you from him a long time ago. I saved you from an  Auslander  life. And now look at us. Maybe you would have been better off. Stop. I love you. I love our children. I love our life together. Good and bad. (amused) Mm! (Anna sighs.) We should probably get those inside. Jo. (muttering) (video game noises) Boy : Stop, it's my turn. (boys grunting) Boy : Let me try! (muttering) Stop! Hey, hey! I'm kind of busy back here trying to save your brother's life! It's my turn! Do not destroy the place! Hey, hey, hey, hey! (video game music playing) ♪ 
♪ (insects buzzing) Noah : Ugh! (men coughing) (birds singing and cawing) (boys grunting) (cell phone ringing) Boy : Stop it! It's my turn! Yeah? (boys grunting) You're joking. ♪ (Abel sighs.)  Na oba. How do we get our message to Voss? You know best. (Beep!) OK, boys. It's time to go! ♪ (honking twice) (honking) What happened to you? I was expecting a call. Have you got the formula for the, the, the cocaine process? As a matter of fact, I do. Do you have the number for Voss? I have another plan. We can solve our woodpile problem, our money-delivery problem and our message problem all at once. Look at you, Lex Lutheran. Criminal mastermind. Nee.  I am not like them. I am a man of God. I may have fallen, but I will find my way back to Him. Yeah, whatever you say. You know, I'll just settle for catching Voss. Jo.  Well, you settle too easily. You know I could say the same about Anna. Although she is coming into her own lately, if I do say so myself. If I did not need your help to protect my family, you and I would never speak again. ♪ I need to know I can depend on you. I'm ready when you are, Funkytown. All the way through Hoopdale here and possibly here,  which is going to force a bubble of product. (cell phone buzzing) Where? We don't know that yet, but what we do know is, um... I'm sorry. I need to take this. This is important. Alright, I got this. Alright. Thank you, sir. I'll be right back. Alright. (cell phone buzzing) Right. We don't know where that bubble is gonna come through, but... Canada, what you got for me? I need two coffins sent to Mexico. Each one will have a body and a whack of Menno cash. The lids gotta stay shut; otherwise, Voss will get pissed and my C.I.'s will die. Bodies? What the hell's going on up there? Uh, you know, it's starting to heat up. But I have it under control. Why can't your people handle it? Uh, well,  because as of yesterday, "my people" got me fired. They what?! I was right. Voss bought one of my own. Oh, geez! And this is your version of "under control"? If there's a dirty cop up there, just take it to internal affairs. I-I would,  but currently, I lack credibility, so the only way to fix this and turn it around is to get Voss and prove that my case was scuttled from the inside. But listen, I have a plan, OK? We'll get Voss up to Canada, and we can throw a net on him up here. ♪ If I do this,  I'm gonna have to call in a massive favour. I have friends inside the Aduana, but this is gonna cost me big. And I'm supposed to burn all that good will on a Mennonite pastor  and an ex-cop who "lacks credibility"? Agent O'Reilly, my ass is hanging out the window and I need your help. (exhaling) Emma, I can't find her. Ugh. Tina! We'll have to go without her. Ezekiel. Ezekiel? Komme. Komme. ♪ 
♪ 
♪ May God have mercy on the souls of these two men. Ernesto Deckert and the... pilot "Diego Penner." These men have sinned greatly, as have many others, even among the  Edentaler. We can only hope for forgiveness and redemption when we stand in the face of our Lord as these men do now. If we admit our sins freely and repent with shame and humility and sincere regret, then perhaps there is hope. And now, for his part in the death of these two men, Joey Epp will lead us in a prayer of repentance. Dear Lord... ...I have sinned. I let my brother lead me away from you. Please help me find my way back. Amen. Amen. ♪ Praise God from whom ♪ 
♪ All blessings flow ♪ 
♪ Praise Him, all creatures ♪ 
♪ Here below ♪ 
♪ Praise Him above ♪ 
♪ Ye heav'nly host ♪ 
♪ Praise Father ♪ (sinister music) ♪ Son and Holy Ghost ♪ 
♪ Praise God from whom ♪ 
♪ All blessings flow ♪ 
♪ Praise Him, all creatures ♪ (Abel retching) ♪ Here below ♪ 
♪ Praise Him above ♪ 
♪ Ye heav'nly host ♪ 
♪ Praise Father, Son ♪ 
♪ And Holy Ghost ♪ 
♪ Praise Father ♪ 
♪ Son and Holy Ghost ♪ 
♪ Amen ♪ (birds singing) (cows mooing) It's done. The bodies are on their way to Voss. Then what? We wait. His move next. (buzzing) (Beep!) Anna :  Jo? OK. (Beep!) Joey wants his truck back. Ah. Since when did you start using a phone? Joey gave it to us. It was Gerry's. That's Gerry's phone? What the hell was Joey doing with it? These are the contacts on it. First names and numbers of all the people. I wrote them into my book. I've contacted all of them. Yeah, well, except for the third one. What? "Balia"? Belial. Belial. Why not? Why didn't you call? It's the name of a devil. (laughing) Like, like the real devil? Someone who walks in the laws of darkness, pride, idolatry. (Beep!) OK. (phone ringing) (buzzing) (ominous music) Kingsley. (indistinct chatter) (distant men talking indistinctly) (sniffing) (crickets chirping) (cow mooing) Voda. I've been thinking about Article 9 and how it relates to you. And it commands its leaders to "provide for all of the wants of the Church according to their abilities." So I was wondering, since our  Ordnung  permits the use of motorized vehicles and you used one to provide for the wants of the Church according to your abilities, then you're just doing as God commands, right? (Noah sighs) That is an excellent question that requires a trip to my library for an answer. ♪ 
♪ (cell phone buzzing) (Beep!) Jo? I wanna see it done, in person. Yes. And I want to make a trade. My freedom for the new delivery system,  safety for my family, protection from Gerry Epp,  and I want to go back to being a normal pastor. You are not a normal pastor. These are my terms. You come and I will show you how to do this new process. Nee.  You come show me here. Sunrise,  day after tomorrow. There will be a plane waiting at the airstrip outside of Chatham. Bring the chemist who thought of the idea. These are my terms. ♪ (Beep!) ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 