Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 04x04 - Episode 4 - Unforgotten 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 04x04 - Episode 4 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=462&t=43373 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/16/21 05:10 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 04x04 - Episode 4 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 'Our imperative is to find out exactly what did happen that night, 'and right now, I have lots of questions.' If there is anything to find,  it's gonna be with the head. 
 'Fogerty had four other probationers from Hendon with him.' One of them was you. 
 Am I a suspect here? 
 I think we talk Friday  about my money. 
 We think you can help us     throw some light on the events of  an evening    years ago. 
 We're do     And whoever sent you from upstairs,  tell them, "Nice try, but no cigar." It's me, we need to meet. 
 Evening, everybody. 
 DCI Cassie Stuart. 
 I do remember Rob on that night,  of course, how could you not? 
 But not this lad. 
 Do not tell your brother this. 
 I have a criminal conviction. 
 If we lost that money,  you could ruin us. 
 And what would you do for me in return? 
 I want my half to go to charity. 
 Given what I know that  you'll be doing for me. 
 I get it, Grandad. 
 I understand. 
 Could I just run a few other names  past you? 
 Liz Baildon? 
 No. 
 What are you doing? 
 Are you insane? 
 Tomorrow,    o'clock. 
 Pay for your train ticket in cash. 
 'I have a witness, who can confirm that Walsh was being chased. 
 'The chase suggests that his murder was in some way provoked.'   
 Jake? 
 I found the rest of him. 
 ♪ All we do is hide away    
 ♪ All we do is  All we do is hide away     
 ♪ All we do is lie and wait       
 ♪ All we do is  All we do is lie in wait      
 ♪ I've been upside down      
 ♪ I don't wanna be  The right way round    
 ♪ Can't find paradise  On the ground. ♪     
 DOOR OPENS AND CLOSES     
 'Hey-ya' Hey. 
 So, how did it go? 
 Yeah, good. 
 And? 
 I think you need to let it go, Mum. 
 He knows exactly what he's doing,  it's got nothing to do with her. 
 Right. 
 Sorry. 
 No, fine. 
 Just don't come running to me in ten years' time when you've got no money for a deposit on a flat. 
 Right. 
 Yeah, well... 
 Now I know. 
 Thanks for that. 
 I am so sorry. 
 Don't be daft, it's not your fault. 
 So, um, welcome home. 
 Well, that sounds very nice. 
 Doesn't it? 
 HE CHUCKLES, THEY SIGH  
 GIRLS LAUGH  
 How are the girls? 
 Oh, very excited to have  their own rooms, as you can hear. 
 GIRLS LAUGH  Yeah. 
 I need more of this. 
 COUGHING    
 What's this? 
 Year    debating prize. 
 I won it. 
 When was this? 
 Yesterday. 
 Erm, I did tell you I was doing it,  but... 
 You had Jack's evening, so... 
 Oh, mate. 
 Well done. 
 So well done. 
 That is just brilliant. 
 And... 
 I'm so sorry  if we're not always on it. 
 You know, he takes up  a lot of our time. 
 But you... 
 You're an absolute star. 
 Really are. 
 Wow, he looks almost... mummified. 
 Well, with the fridge unplugged  and open, that's pretty much what's happened. 
 Can we be sure it is Matthew? 
 I'll be sending samples for DNA,  obviously, but it is male, we have laryngeal prominence here,  and a quick look at the teeth certainly suggests  the right age group. 
 And you know what I'm gonna ask next? 
 The answer is a cautious maybe. 
 There's a depressed fracture  over the temple here, which certainly has to be  a contender for cause of death, but let me do an X-ray, open him up,  and then let's see where we are. 
 OK. 
 And did Jay call you yet? 
 Jay? 
 The forensic botanist? 
 He's had some interesting results  on the leaf material on the T-shirt. 
 Er, no. 
 Anyway, he'll call you. 
 So, Murray's had a quick squint  through the mobile phone records. 
 No indication that any of them  are speaking to each other yet. 
 Well, not on their regular phones, no. 
 We are also looking into  phone mast data. 
 Cheers, Leanne. 
 We'll speak later. 
 Hi. 
 DC Fran Lingley. 
 Trying to trace a man we believe may have stayed here a few years ago. 
 Wondered if you had any records on him. 
 Name of Clive Walsh. 
 Also, I spoke to Hendon first thing. 
 Trying to locate that intake's  lead trainer for us. 
 Yeah. 
 I just think the more of a sense we can get of them as people, cos if this was a murder, that is just such an extraordinary thing for five newbie coppers to have been involved with. 
 That just doesn't come out of nowhere, does it? 
 Er, yeah, OK. 
 The last record  we've got of Clive, he's been given a residential place  just under two years ago in a halfway house in Bow. 
 Fiona? 
 Lizzie. 
 Hello. 
 I have to search you, I'm afraid. 
 I'm sorry? 
 I have to check you're not wearing a wire. 
 Wearing...?! 
 SHE SCOFFS      Jesus, Liz. 
 What do you think of me? 
 Or I'll walk away. 
 Liz! 
 OK. 
 OK. 
 Oh, my God. 
 I need to see your phone. 
 I need to know you're not recording anything. 
 Thank you. 
 So... 
 I presume they've  spoken to you? 
 The police? 
 Yes. 
 But what have you said? 
 I just told 'em the truth, Fiona. 
 Like we agreed. 
 I hope you did too. 
 Oh, f*ck! 
 No. 
 Sorry. 
 It was    years ago. 
 What did you tell them, then? 
 I told them... 
 ..I was too drunk  to remember anything. 
 OK. 
 Well, that can work for now. 
 And if they interview you again, then the truth can slowly come back to you. 
 Right. 
 You remember it? 
 Erm... 
 ..after Rob got pulled,  you drove the rest of us home... 
 ..before taking his car back to his,  which was near where you lived. 
 And how did I get from Rob's to my flat? 
 You walked? 
 Good. 
 And, erm... 
 ..what if they find out  about the pub? 
 They won't find out about the pub. 
 They have no connection to us in the pub. 
 No names, anywhere. 
 They might find someone. 
 That's  what they do. 
 You should know. 
 What if they find out about the pub? 
 They might find out about the rest. 
 About what you did for me. 
 They might find out  about everything. 
 I'm sorry. 
 I can't... 
 I can't just be cold and hard  about it like you can. 
 I'm trying to remain as dispassionate as possible. 
 I think it's the most useful thing to do right now. 
 I have to go. 
 If you need to contact me, I've set up a Hotmail, Betty two-nine-zero-two. 
 You're still beautiful, Fi. 
 I hope your life has been happy. 
 MURRAY:  'So, three weeks before  Matthew Walsh goes missing, 'he was cautioned  for an incident in a pub.' A physical altercation  with another drinker. 
 'Now, he wasn't charged,  so it can't have been that serious, 'but the reason I mention it is cos  of the pub it was in, The Ifield.' What, our Ifield? 
 'Hendon Lane.' Now, pretty much everyone  who trained at the academy drank at The Ifield. 
 'So, I was thinking...' What are the chances the ruck he had was with a probationer? 
 Exactly. 
 Nice. 
 I like that, Murray. 
 I like that very much. 
 Ian Henderson? 
 DCI Cassie Stuart, DI Sunny Khan. 
 'Yeah, I trained all five of them.' 'OK, can we start with Ram, then, please?' 'Ram hasn't changed in    years. 
 'He was a cocky little runt  back then, 'and from what I've heard,  he's still a cocky little runt now. 
 'Used to play the race card  at every opportunity. 
 'Still does, from what I hear.' When you say, "Play the race card",  what do you mean? 
 Objects to being called a Paki  on a daily basis? 
 You come from Wales,  you get called Taff, Scotland, Jock, it's the same difference. 
 It isn't, but let's maybe not go there right now. 
 So, aside from being cocky, what was he like as a person? 
 Was he good copper material? 
 Here's the deal. 
 I always thought  Ram would go right to the top, 'or end up in prison.' 'Prison?' 'Listen, the lad was a smart boy,  there's no doubt about that. 
 'He was ambitious, charismatic,  very funny, people liked him.' 'He was also f*cking angry.' He had a massive chip  on his shoulder about his colour. 
 You combine that with his  risk-taking and his liking power a bit much,  well, it makes him dangerous. 
 The proof of the pudding, you check his disciplinary record  over the years, yeah? 
 I mean, the guy obviously thought  he was untouchable. 
 And worse still,  that he had a right to be. 
 Now, personally,  I think if he'd been white, he'd have been inside by now. 
 So, you think he could have been capable of breaking the law. 
 %. 
 Did you see anything, anything  specific when you worked with him that led you to this conclusion? 
 No. 
 So, it's just  a generalised prejudice, then? 
 You wanted my opinion,  I've given it ya. 
 OK, moving on. 
 SHE SIGHS Dean Barton. 
 'Deano. 
 Oh, well,  Deano was the polar opposite. 
 'One of the most instinctive coppers  I ever trained. 
 'Fast-thinking, very analytical  brain, great team player. 
 'OK, so...'  Hello, mate. 
 All right, Ram. 
 'Dean told me that he left,' because he didn't think he was a team player. 
 All right, let me rephrase that. 
 On the job, he worked well  alongside the others, yeah? 
 But, er, yeah, socially,  yeah, I'd agree with you. 
 Yeah, he was a loner. 
 Very private. 
 Secretive, almost. 
 But honest? 
 You trusted him? 
 Deano? 
 He was a straight as a die. 
 So, tell me about Liz Baildon. 
 'Unsurprisingly, a natural. 
 Yeah, the Prof, we used to call her. 
 'Great under pressure,  very level-headed. 
 'Oh, she's a great team leader. 
 'She had a way of motivating people  effortlessly.' And was she out then? 
 No, the climate was different  to today. 
 It wasn't as easy to admit  you were gay. 
 So, no relationships  that you remember? 
 Well, not in an open sense, but she was as thick as thieves  with one girl. 
 Who was that? 
 'Your fourth name.' 'Fiona Grayson?' 'Yeah, or the Wet Blanket,  as we used to call her. 
 'Literally no idea  what she was doing there. 
 'I mean, she was  a perfectly capable lady, 'but she clearly hated  the whole set-up' and I wasn't surprised  when I heard she'd quit. 
 OK, and finally, Rob Fogerty. 
 Yeah, I liked Rob. 
 Nice guy. 
 A little sorry for him when  I heard he got chucked off, but... 
 well, it didn't surprise me. 
 He's not the sharpest knife. 
 And he was a big guy. 
 Was there any violence in him? 
 No, the opposite. 
 I really had to push him  when we did restraint training. 
 No, there was nothing violent  in Rob. 
 No, he's a real gentle giant. 
 Can you think of anything else connected to any of them that sticks in your mind? 
 Anything you haven't already touched on? 
 You know, the five of them,  they formed a little gang. 
 I was never quite sure what it was. 
 I mean, they all came from  very different backgrounds, they have very different  personalities, but... 
 there was some sort of connection. 
 Then, on the day  of the passing-out parade, I think I saw what it was. 
 What? 
 Not one of them had a guest. 
 Yeah, yeah. 
 Exactly. 
 Right? 
 I mean, everyone has guests,  haven't they? 
 Mums, dads, siblings, friends,  someone, but no... 
 no, not them. 
 And I think that's  what their connection was. 
 For whatever reason... 
 ..they were out on their own. 
 Are you gonna be able to find  stuff out, do you think? 
 If it moves forward, keep us ahead  of the game? 
 I'll do what I can. 
 But obviously, if they start looking at us closely, they'll be looking at me closely, so... 
 Bottom line, we stick to the truth, you know. 
 We'll be fine. 
 We hope. 
 So, I've got to go, fella. 
 That business the other day, all went all right? 
 Yeah. 
 Yeah, it was fine. 
 Thanks for helping out  at short notice. 
 Last time, yeah. 
 I've moved on now. 
 Absolutely, me too. 
 It's a one-off. 
 You look after yourself, buddy. 
 Yeah, and you. 
 COUGHING    
 Hello, is it Clive? 
 Yes. 
 Hello, Clive. 
 My name is DC Fran Lingley, and I have some news about your brother, Matthew. 
 Sweet cicely? 
 'Yes, so it's native to the north,  which means' you're very unlikely to find it  growing wild down here. 
 OK. 
 'So, within the rough area  he was last seen in, 'I'd be looking for' vegetable plots in gardens, or, and for me this is the most likely  scenario, an allotment. 
 Right. 
 Thank you. 
 And he is happy to come here? 
 'Yes, he is.'   OK. 
 'We're on our way back. 
 Be there  in about   .'   OK, see you the OK, Clive. 
 Shall we get going? 
 Fran's found the brother. 
 Whose brother? 
 Matthew Walsh's. 
 Turns out he was with Matthew  the night he disappeared. 
 No! 
 He was having a pee in the bushes  when the car pulled up. 
 He saw everything. 
 Yeah. 
 I remember the case,  because of his colour. 
 Whose colour? 
 The probationer  involved in the altercation. 
 So, you receive details that Walsh made a pass at a woman... 
 Who was also a probie, I think. 
 ..and she blanked him, and he got a bit lairy, and then a lad she was having a drink with intervened, and that's when it all kicked off? 
 After Walsh made racially abusive  remarks, I think. 
 And I'm assuming it was just a bit of handbags, because Walsh only got cautioned? 
 No, not at all. 
 Walsh actually gave the lad  a bit of a kicking. 
 So... 
 So, he was let off, because  my sergeant wanted it buried. 
 If Walsh had been charged,  there would have been a court case, and the probationer would have  got in trouble and... 
 Obviously, we'd just started  recruiting ethnic minorities, so it wouldn't have played out well  for anyone. 
 So, the fact there's no other names in this report, apart from Walsh's,     that was deliberate? 
 I didn't write this report,  my sergeant did, and he's been dead ten years,  but, yeah. 
 I'm guessing he was protecting  the witnesses, the girl, and very particularly,  the Asian lad. 
 And as we were walking  across Napley Green, I decided to duck  into the bush for a pee. 
 Just as I did,  I heard a shout, "Oi! Walshy boy!" I turned, and I saw this car  about yards away, with a bloke getting out  the front passenger seat, and he was just running at Matty. 
 And do you remember what he looked like? 
 Asian guy. 
 And what did your brother do? 
 Well, he looked pretty useful  and angry, and there was others in the car,  so he just ran. 
 And I had just a second or two  to decide, you know, show him that there was two of us,  make him think twice, maybe? 
 I've never had a fight in my life,  so I ducked down... 
 ..and I hid. 
 And then, the driver got out. 
 Tall fella, ran off  in the direction of the others. 
 And then about    seconds later,  the third man. 
 I could still see two others  in the back seats. 
 After about five minutes,  they got out as well and they were all quickly off in  the direction the others had gone. 
 But these two were women. 
 And that was it. 
 I never saw them,  or my brother, again. 
 Why did you never say anything about this at the time? 
 I had a job. 
 In Cyprus, in a club. 
 I had to fly out the next day  to start, but this was before mobile phones, so I didn't even hear  that he was missing for weeks, and when I did get back, early June,  pretty much everyone just reckoned he was lying low, because of  the warrants that was out for him. 
 Everyone reckoned  he'd just turn up one day. 
 Except me, because in my gut... 
 ..I think I knew that he died  that night. 
 HE EXHALES    
 And the reason  I never said anything, that's because I did not want  anyone to know what a snivelling gutless coward  I was. 
 Thank you. 
 OK. 
 So, we now know for sure that they all got out. 
 And in pursuit of the victim. 
 Exactly. 
 Which means, as far as I'm concerned, they're definitely all in the frame now. 
 So here is an allotment, and if we draw a line up  from where the car stopped... 
 up here... up here... 
 and ending somewhere  in the allotment, it fits very well with the various  witness statement sightings at the chase. 
 And if we can identify where exactly on the allotment this plant might've grown, we might find his actual place of death. 
 Mm. 
 I mean, my guess is... 
 Look, it would had to have been near the road to pull the car up to. 
 Maybe we can even get some boards up. 
 Might trigger some more memories. 
 Yeah, absolutely. 
 OK, very good. 
 Thank you. 
 Caz? 
 The only concrete thing I have  is on Fiona Grayson. 
 A      dangerous driving conviction. 
 Trying to get the original files. 
 OK. 
 But nothing on Elizabeth Baildon  and nothing on... 
 well, apart from his internal  disciplinary record, on Ramjeet Sidhu. 
 Which we're looking into. 
 Yep. 
 And Dean Barton,  no criminal record. 
 Although I am having trouble  finding a couple of basic documents. 
 I can't find his birth certificate and I can't find him on the census  pre '  . 
 OK. 
 And something else just to feed in as background - all five of them had no guests at their passing-out parade. 
 No family, no friends. 
 No nothing. 
 Yeah. 
 It's one to mull on, maybe. 
 And definitely a picture starting to emerge of Ram Sidhu being a person who pushed the envelope, even back then. 
 We know he was probably first out the car, so was probably the most likely to catch up with Matthew first, and then, this afternoon... 
 Murray slightly struck gold. 
 So, three weeks before  Matthew disappeared, we've got pretty good evidence  to suggest that in a pub in Hendon, he committed an ABH on Ram Sidhu. 
 No. 
 The fight was over a girl. 
 No names in the arrest sheet, but we know our suspects were a gang so there's a fair chance they were all drinking together that night and the girl was even Fiona Grayson or Liz Baildon. 
 For various reasons, Walsh only got a caution and Murray's trying to track down Susie Montgomery, the landlady. 
 But I think, alongside opportunity, fairly reasonable now to suggest we also have a possible motive. 
 Albeit one that for whatever reason seems to have escalated from a reciprocal slap to something... 
 ..far more violent and involving four other people. 
 So, I think we pull Sidhu in now, confront him with this and see what we get. 
 Thank you, guys. 
 You don't think we should wait  till Murray finds out if Montgomery's still around? 
 I mean, if she can ID Sidhu or any one of the women... 
 What are the chances? 
 I mean, I was drinking in The Ifield just a few months later, and she was about     years old. 
 So, no. 
 Let's get him in now, please. 
 Sure. 
 DOOR OPENS AND SHUTS   
 HER PHONE BUZZES     
 Hiya. 
 Hi. 
 This is a nice surprise. 
 Were you up anyway...? 
 No, no, here on a whim. 
 I thought, if you had half an hour,  maybe we could just... 
 Ah, love, no, I haven't got half an hour. 
 OK, ten minutes? 
 How about five? 
 I don't generally take lunch. 
 If you'd booked me last week or... 
 "Booked you"? 
 Well, OK. 
 Sorry, I don't mean that like... 
 No, no, no, it doesn't matter,  it's fine. 
 OK, I'll be quick, then. 
 So, erm, I went into all  the agencies near mine, got a list of all the properties  within our range - that way we can get an idea  of what we're after, so, why don't you take a look  and we can discuss later? 
 Ah... 
 Oh, perfect. 
 Thank you so much for doing that. 
 Yeah, yeah, no problem. 
 So have you spoken to your dad  again? 
 Er, not since Eddie took him out, no. 
 I spoke to a lawyer, though. 
 A lawyer? 
 Yeah. 
 Only from work, mate of a mate. 
 I just wanted the top line on our rights. 
 Cass... 
 I mean, listen,  it's your life, but... 
 I don't think a lawyer  is the way to go. 
 Yeah, I know, I know, I just... 
 Oh, f... f*ck, I can't lose this anger, John. 
 I wish I could, but... 
 On top of everything else, that woman, she's just... 
 she... 
 Yeah, I know. 
 I get that. 
 I do, but... 
 Please don't tell either of them  you've spoken to a lawyer, because that'll just... 
 Yeah, yeah, yeah. 
 I know. 
 Ah, I've got to go. 
 I'll look at these later. 
 And, erm... 
 it's a nice idea. 
 And next week, hopefully I'll be freer, and then let's do it properly. 
 Yeah, I'll book you in (!) Ha. 
 Piss off. 
 HE CHUCKLES     
 Hey. 
 Been trying to get hold of you. 
 Claire had no idea where you were. 
 Well, I was at the meeting, why? 
 Jack's temperature's gone up to    . 
 Oh, no. 
 Do you think it's another infection? 
 I dunno. 
 But his chest sounds dreadful,  so... 
 so I've called the GP. 
 All right, I'll... 
 I'll go and see him. 
 You never told me the police  had interviewed you. 
 Yeah, Claire made some joke  about you being banged up when I asked her where you were. 
 Apparently, a detective came  to the office the other day? 
 Yeah, I didn't wanna worry you. 
 What was it about? 
 Not that. 
 No? 
 No. 
 There's nothing that's ever gonna be able to connect us to that now. 
 Promise. 
 So what was it about? 
 Oh, just some weird... 
 historical case, some   -year-old murder. 
 They thought I might've known one of the suspects. 
 Jesus. 
 Did you? 
 No, of course not. 
 The interview lasted five minutes, it's fine. 
 I'm gonna go up and see the lad. 
 CASS:   th March     . 
 The day of your passing-out parade. 
 You remember it? 
 Of course. 
 Good day? 
 Lovely. 
 Proud of your achievement? 
 Very. 
 So why no family there? 
 To share your day with you. 
 HE CHUCKLES    
 Er, because I was supposed to be  a doctor or a lawyer or... 
 go into the family business,  apparently. 
 And how did that make you feel, that no-one came to celebrate with you? 
 Sad, but I knew they'd come round,  which they did, I think. 
 They're very proud of me now. 
 You went to a party that night. 
 Yeah. 
 Erm, do you remember  who you went with? 
 No. 
 Or what time you left? 
 years later? 
 No, sorry. 
 OK. 
 Erm, do you remember  who you left with? 
 A couple of them, yeah. 
 OK, who was that? 
 Rob and Liz - Fogerty and Baildon. 
 OK. 
 Well, completely understandably, you couldn't remember  who you went with, but, er... 
 quickly remembered  who you left with. 
 Is there a reason that those names  have stuck in your mind? 
 Because of something that happened  that night. 
 What was that? 
 Er, so... 
 Rob, who was our designated driver, unbeknownst to any of us, had actually had a few drinks  that night. 
 Dumb luck on the way back into town,  he got pulled over by the traffic cop,  he was breathalysed, was over the limit and... 
 
 
 
 he was nicked. 
 Ended his career  before it even started. 
 So he got nicked, he got taken away, how did you then get home  after that? 
 I think... 
 ..Lizzie was allowed to drive  Rob's car, I think... 
 ..she dropped us off in town first and then dropped Rob's car  at his house. 
 And, erm... 
 you still see Liz Baildon? 
 No. 
 I mean, at the odd police event,  but no more than that. 
 Have you discussed this with her  over the past few days? 
 No. 
 OK. 
 Because your recollections  are... 
 pretty much identical. 
 Mm, yeah. 
 It's what happened, so... 
 HE CHUCKLES    
 And you don't remember  any of the people in the car? 
 No. 
 Dean Barton? 
 Fiona Grayson? 
 Mm... 
 I'm sorry. 
 And when the car was stopped  by the police officer, was that the first time that journey  that it had stopped? 
 Yeah. 
 OK. 
 So, I'm gonna show you a photo of a man now. 
 The victim in this investigation, in fact. 
 Name of Matthew Walsh. 
 And I'd just like to know if his face is in any way familiar to you. 
 TENSE STING      No. 
 Well, have a good look. 
 No. 
 OK. 
 I ask because we have a witness who says he saw a car with five people in it, one unusually tall man, two women and an Asian man pull up near a patch of ground     called Napley Green. 
 Now, this is about a mile before where you were pulled over by the traffic cop. 
 And the witness says that one of the men, that matches your description, got out, calling, "Oi, Walshy boy!" and then chased after the victim. 
 Ss... 
 So, is your witness white? 
 What does that have to do with anything? 
 OK, I'm not being funny or anything,  but to them, we do all slightly look the same. 
 So you don't recognise this event? 
 You don't recognise the name, Matthew Walsh, or indeed his face? 
 In fact, none of this rings any bells? 
 No, I'm sorry. 
 OK. 
 So, I think that you know perfectly well who Matthew Walsh is, and I think you know him because only three weeks before this incident, I think you had a racially instigated fight with him in a pub in Hendon. 
 What evidence  have you got for this allegation? 
 This was in The Ifield. 
 Yeah. 
 What evidence? 
 Did you used to drink in there? 
 HE SCOFFS    
 Listen... 
 HE LAUGHS     
 ..I don't know where you're  coming from with all this, but... 
 I'll give you the benefit  of the doubt and assume it's not from  the same place as   % of the crap I have to deal with comes from... 
 but... 
 ..you have nothing here. 
 I mean, a witness comes out of the  woodwork years after the event and says he saw an Asian guy  get out of a car, and then a random Paki in a pub? 
 HE CHUCKLES  Are you serious? 
 Sorry, guys,  but I think we're done here. 
 Don't, just... 
 I just think we need  to slow down, boss. 
 I just want it over. 
 I shouldn't even be here. 
 So I heard her, the other day. 
 The police officer with you. 
 I'm sorry? 
 Me too. 
 That I have to resort to this. 
 You should've been better,  Elizabeth. 
 I'm sorry, Eugenia. 
 I have no idea  what you're talking about. 
 I'm not a greedy person. 
 I don't want luxuries. 
 But I do want to be able  to heat our flat, to feed my child properly,  and once in a while, very rarely,  buy her a pretty dress from Primark. 
 So, really, not a lot. 
 And a fraction of what you have. 
 But still, apparently,  too much for you. 
 No, I didn't say that. 
 £   . 
 My overdue gas bill. 
 And £  an hour. 
 That's what I'm blackmailing you  for. 
 Which sounds pathetic. 
 Even to me. 
 But if you don't give me this,  I will tell the police what your mother told me. 
 Which I don't think you want. 
 So... 
 ..have a think and then maybe... 
 No, I don't have to have a think. 
 You can have it. 
 Hey! 
 I just had a call from my brother. 
 He said he could not,  in all conscience, keep what you told him from me. 
 And so, I was just wondering... 
 if you had a conscience. 
 I was just wondering if you felt  you could maybe give your partner a bit of a heads up  as to what the f*ck was going on. 
 years ago... 
 ..I killed a child. 
 They said I was speeding. 
 Doing    in a   -mile area. 
 And I lost control going round a corner. 
 I actually think she was on the wrong side of the road. 
 Either way... we collided. 
 And there was a toddler in the back. 
 In a car seat. 
 It wasn't properly fastened. 
 And he died. 
 The little boy. 
 And I received a conviction for death by dangerous driving. 
 How... how could you never  have told me this? 
 I know, I'm so, so, so sorry. 
 Was it your fault? 
 I don't think so. 
 But I'm not sure I'll ever really know. 
 I'm just stunned, Fi, that you... 
 ..felt you could keep something  so significant from me for    years, how do you do that? 
 How do you do that and stay sane? 
 I mean... 
 ..is there anything else  you need to tell me? 
 No. 
 That's it. 
 If we lose our deposit... 
 I swear, Fiona... 
 RAM:  I mean, what do people want  the police to be? 
 Mm? 
 Do they want us to be like them, just normal human beings  who will screw up, who will make mistakes? 
 We all accept that. 
 We all say sorry and move on,  and that's the deal. 
 HE SIGHS   
 Or do they want to believe  that we're not the same, that we've got some kind  of special powers that they don't? 
 Cos, you know, that makes them  feel safer in their beds. 
 What do they want? 
 Cos it's got to be one or the other. 
 It can't be both. 
 Mate, I can't even work the Apple remote, so... 
 HE LAUGHS  
 DRINK BEING POURED   
 Hey, what's the matter? 
 Hey, hey, hey. 
 What's wrong, babe? 
 Do you ever get angry, Dean? 
 At Jack. 
 At Jack? 
 Yeah, and I don't just mean  for being naughty, I mean for... 
 ..for being him. 
 Erm, no. 
 No. 
 I do. 
 Sometimes, not often, like... 
 ..half a dozen times  in his entire life, maybe I, erm... 
 I blame him. 
 I blame HIM, not his disability. 
 For what I tell myself  he's stolen from us. 
 From you, from me. 
 From Cass. 
 Marn... 
 And I am telling you this, Dean... 
 ..because I want you to know  that I am not who you think I am. 
 That part of me  is just an awful person. 
 But an awful person who,  well, at least, I hope, despite what I have just told you,  you still love. 
 Of course. 
 So, surely, surely,  that means you can tell me stuff. 
 About your past. 
 And about your family -  whoever they are. 
 Things that maybe you think  will make me... 
 ..hate you or fear you or whatever,  I dunno, because it just won't. 
 But what is killing me  is the secrets. 
 The years of secrets. 
 Of writing a Mother's Day card  to a mother you told me had died. 
 Going to Calais  when we were supposed to have given up all that crap  years ago. 
 Lying about where you are today,  I can't take it anymore. 
 I just can't take the secrets  and lies, not when we've got so much else  to deal with. 
 So, please... just talk to me, Dean. 
 You're tired, Marn. 
 I am too. 
 No, Dean. 
 We will do this... 
 but not now. 
 Please. 
 Dean. 
 Please. 
 He's just down there at the end. 
 OK. 
 Cheers, mate. 
 So, those are the original files connected to Fiona Grayson's  driving conviction in '  . 
 And it turns out that a child died  during this incident in the car that she collided with. 
 Wow. 
 One of the officers attending  smelt alcohol on Fiona's breath, and so obviously tried to give her  a test at the time, but she was so upset,  crying hysterically, that they were unable  to successfully give her one at the scene, so she was arrested  and taken to the local nick where a blood test was taken  there instead. 
 And? 
 It was lost. 
 Lost? 
 Lost where, the lab or the nick? 
 The nick. 
 Before it got sent to the lab. 
 Which nick was this? 
 Kingston. 
 Are you heading where I think you're heading? 
 So I checked where both Ram Sidhu  and Liz Baildon worked at the time. 
 And? 
 Baildon worked  at Kingston nick from '   to '  . 
 Oh, man. 
 Yep. 
 And in the '   census,  it details Liz and Fiona as living at the same address  in Thames Ditton, about a mile or so  from Kingston town centre. 
 But at the time of this offence, they're living at separate addresses  but both are still in the same area. 
 If that blood test  had come back positive, Fiona Grayson would be in jail. 
 Definitely. 
 OK, so there are three explanations here. 
 One, this was just a coincidence. 
 Two, they were an item and she contrived to have the blood sample lost for personal reasons. 
 And then, three... 
 ..they weren't an item... 
 ..but Liz Baildon was blackmailed. 
 Fiona Grayson using whatever the f*ck happened with Matthew Walsh as some kind of... 
 leverage. 
 I know what my money's on. 
 Mm. 
 PHONE RINGS   
 Leanne. 
 Hey. 
 Cass. 
 Any chance  you could pop in for five minutes when you have a chance? 
 What can I say? 
 Just now, we found out, just now,  this actually happened. 
 I feel differently. 
 Oh, Jesus, Ram. 
 I know. 
 I'm sorry, but... 
 I've just spent the last seven days slightly killing myself mentally to get to where you were. 
 Trying somehow to find a way of thinking that we didn't have to do this thing. 
 This brutal... 
 ..really horrible thing. 
 You just changed your mind. 
 No. 
 I... 
 I just, erm... 
 HE EXHALES    
 What if something happened to me? 
 What if I got ill or... 
 I don't know, anything, that meant  you had to do it all on your own? 
 You know, I just started to think  how difficult that would be for you. 
 I mean, I'm not definitely saying  we do go for termination, I'm not saying that yet,  I'm just saying... can we...? 
 We can keep thinking... 
 for a bit longer. 
 OK. 
 OK, am I seeing what I think I'm seeing? 
 So, I'm seeing a sharp-ended object  approximately ten centimetres long, maybe three quarters of a centimetre  wide inside the skull cavity. 
 And what do we think that is? 
 No idea. 
 I need to open the skull up now. 
 It got in pre or postmortem? 
 Again, I don't know  until I open it up. 
 But best guess? 
 From its position,  you would logically assume it entered through  the temporal bone fracture, which, when I examined it properly,       actually contained remnants  of brick dust, so... 
 two theories, firstly, he was being chased  and at some point, he tripped and fell,  hitting his head on a wall,       which maybe had a metal spike  of some sort, an old bolt from some railings  or whatever, and this is what killed him,  breaking off inside the skull. 
 Or... 
 he tripped and fell,  hitting his head, which rendered him unconscious  and, whilst unconscious, he was basically stabbed through  the head wound with this object. 
 Jeez. 
 Yeah. 
 So... 
 first theory, the chase that went tragically, but accidentally, wrong. 
 Second theory... this was no accident. 
 This was a very violent and very deliberate... 
 ..murder. 
 Correct. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 