Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 03x05 - Episode 5 - Unforgotten 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 03x05 - Episode 5 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=462&t=43737 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/30/21 08:01 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 03x05 - Episode 5 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 A teenager's diary. 
 It's not an easy read, is it? 
 No. 
 We have a DNA match from the window that you smashed. 
 I'd been in there the previous evening, seen the silverware, it was an utterly shameful thing to do. 
 It's finished me. 
 She's kicked me out, Jamie, can I kip at yours for a bit? 
 Find a hotel like a normal person! 
 You might want to just want consider something though, I know stuff about your boy. 
 Eliot Hollis. 
 He was about to turn   . 
 Two arrests, and one for stealing his dad's car. 
 We should prioritise Chris Lowe right now. 
 He'd used his credit card to visit child abuse websites. 
 Is there anywhere you and Asif can go and stay    that Christopher doesn't know about? 
 Your mum, she's now threatened to go to the police with evidence of some wrongdoing I've apparently committed. 
 He abused me. 
 Mentally, physically, sometimes even sexually. 
 And that's not a violent man? 
 Feel like I'm slightly losing the plot. 
 You're just tired, it makes everything seem worse. 
 I wish to apologise to Mr Carr, and his family, we will be seeking prosecution for any online activity that seeks to incite violence against Mr Carr. 
 Peter Carr? 
 FLESH RIPS Urgh! 
 ♪ All we do is hide away    
 ♪ All we do is All we do is hide away   
 ♪ All we do is lie in wait    
 ♪ All we do is All we do is lie in wait  
 ♪ I've been upside-down  
 ♪ I don't wanna be the right way round   
 ♪ Can't find paradise on the ground. ♪    
 SIREN BLARES Over here! 
 Well, we all mess up, we're all fallible, we've all done things of which we are ashamed. 
 The trick in life, I think... 
 is knowing which things we should forgive ourselves for, and which not. 
 Except I'm not sure it really is that. 
 Suspect is a white male, mid-  s, wearing a navy top and a grey baseball cap. 
 Last seen walking toward Burleigh Road, witnesses said he had a knife in his hand. 
 Over. 
 I think a part of me wonders if I'm just coming to a natural conclusion here. 
 I've been doing this for... 
 years? 
 There are other things to do in life. 
 Not like this. 
 So why did you retire? 
 I didn't retire. 
 I was A  -ed. 
 In the cutbacks. 
 Ah. 
 The truth is, what I did, what you still do, when you lose it, you realise what a privilege it was. 
 To be able to help people, often at the very worst moment of their lives, to find faith in the world again. 
 Cos I genuinely believe that's a big part of what we do. 
 Restore a little shape, a little order, a little meaning to the world. 
 I mean, not so much on traffic duty, but, erm... 
 And obviously Naked Gun. 
 Yeah, oh, say, Naked Gun. 
 Midnight Run? 
 Oh, man, Midnight Run. 
 Yep. 
 Definitely. 
 And Fargo would be on there. 
 "You're darn tootin'!" "OK, hun!"   
 BOTH CHUCKLE  
 His BP and stats are very low now. 
 Get me four units of red cells... 
 Well, that was a great evening, thank you. 
 I'd really like to do it again sometime. 
 Yeah, me too. 
 All right, this is me. 
 HE LAUGHS NERVOUSLY   
 Well, anyway... 
 ..good night, then. 
 Good night. 
 MOBILE RINGS   
 Yes, it went very well, and no, I didn't snog him. 
 Sorry, boss, that's not what I was ringing about. 
 What? 
 Pete Carr. 
 He's been attacked outside his office. 
 Stabbed. 
 Oh, no! 
 They say he's gonna be OK, but... 
 No, no! 
 He still had the knife on him when they nicked him. 
 Who was he? 
 Some local nutjob. 
 Links to far-right groups, got geed up by all the online paedophile stuff. 
 So we go after all those... 
 fuckers. 
 Absolutely. 
 She's exaggerating. 
 Tim and I were out for about minutes,    and Pete just went down the pub. 
 And Chris Lowe? 
 I don't know where Chris went, you'd have to ask him. 
 But you accept you were all out of the house at various points between  pm and midnight? 
  Yes. 
 So why did you lie? 
  I would have thought that had become blindingly obvious. 
  I thought there was a very good chance anything I told you would be leaked, and given my best friend is now in intensive care, entirely because of you, I think I had pretty good reason to be nervous. 
  Can we move on to your car, Mr Hollis? 
  Which, in fact, matches exactly the description of a car seen driving erratically at approximately   :  am     on the morning that Hayley went missing. 
  And how many dark saloons with trailer bars would there be in the Hardy area? 
  We didn't ask your opinion, Miss Gray. 
  Although she's right. 
  But I suspect even my ex-wife will confirm I was in the house in bed at   :  am. 
  How old was your son... 
  ..that New Year's Eve, James? 
  How old was Eliot? 
    . 
  Actually, only a few weeks off   , I believe. 
  And sadly, quite a troubled young man, it seems. 
  Already arrested twice, for possession of cannabis, once for ecstasy, and just one month before New Year's Eve ,     for stealing his dad's car and driving it whilst drunk. 
  Which is why I have to ask you, James... 
  ..did Eliot take your car that night? 
  No. 
  Maybe he came across Hayley, maybe hitch-hiking somewhere, picked her up? 
  Something happened between them, something went wrong... 
  Eliot's never hurt a fly. 
  Maybe it was an accident. 
  The car was seen to be driving erratically. 
  Maybe he was drunk, maybe he knocked her down, it was a dark, wet night. 
  But in either instance, you found out. 
  And agreed to drive the body back up to London to obscure your son's involvement. 
  The idea that I would drive the dead body of a young girl my son had killed, to London, is... 
  as absurd as it is abhorrent. 
  Then can we ask you why, when we first interviewed you, you referred to your son as a "little boy"? 
  A turn of phrase. 
 Really? 
  We think it was deliberate. 
  We think that you didn't want us to even consider the idea that there was effectively another adult in the house that night. 
  I don't want my client answering any more questions about his son. 
  So unless you have any actual evidence, rather than shot-in-the-dark theories, I think we're done here. 
  OK. 
  Henry. 
  We spoke to Maria. 
 Pete's conscious and talking. 
  Stay strong, fella, stay strong. 
 Yeah, you too. 
  It was stupid, and I apologise. 
  A case of misguided loyalty. 
  Misguided loyalty to who? 
  Jamie. 
  He rang us all after he'd first been interviewed by you, and he said he told you that we all stayed in that night. 
  The inference I took was that we should all say the same. 
  Why do you think he wanted you to lie? 
  At first I thought it was because of his profile that he didn't want the press latching onto him. 
  And, yeah, I was happy to go along with that, because I didn't for a nanosecond believe there was any... 
  ..darker motive. 
  Except then yesterday Pete rang me. 
  Pete Carr. 
  And he told me something about Jamie's son. 
  Told you what? 
  He said he'd seen Eliot climbing into the house through a first-floor window at around two in the morning on New Year's Day. 
  OK, so where are we with Eliot Hollis? 
  Still looking for him. 
  But for what it's worth, I just pulled this off an online employment site which he signed up to in , when he was living in the States with his dad. 
  It details holiday work on a building site in the UK, so... 
  OK. 
 Let's check James Hollis's car, the BMW, I wanna see its service history. 
  Maybe speak to the ex again, check their bank statements, insurance companies. 
  I want to know if the car had any bodywork repairs done in the months immediately after Hayley died. 
  I just wanna say I'm sorry, Pete. 
  I was angry, and... shocked... 
  ..but I also know in my heart you're a good man. 
  Yeah, you've done some silly things, we both know that, but... 
  ..you're a good man. 
  And I want you to hear that I know that. 
  Basically, I think Hayley used a sort of code, in her diary, I'm guessing for if her mum read it, so she wouldn't know what she was referring to. 
  So, first up, when she has s*x, I think she calls it "tea". 
  And then, and I think this is actually more important, when she says she had some cake, I think she's saying she took drugs. 
  So this is just a small selection of the times these words appear, but you can see a clear pattern. "Great cake at Marly's, then went shopping, a very nice trip." "Went clubbing in Portsmouth, ate cake, up till six." "Had tea and cake with Ade, his birthday present to me, "just what I always wanted." The reason I think this is significant     is this reference here. 
  This is dated two days before she disappeared. 
  And here, she says, "G's gonna get us some cake "for the New Year party." I think this is why she left work earlier, I think G's is where she was going. 
  Dealer, maybe? 
 Or friend who was selling her some gear. 
  Erm... 
  I mean, it might explain how she could have been in the vicinity of the Spinney, which from the pub, is the opposite direction to the party. 
  Nice work, Fran. 
  OK, can we liaise with Hampshire Police on local drug dealers, then and now? 
  But really good work, Fran. 
  Thanks, guys. 
  Shall we? 
  Miller, hi, it's me. 
  Erm... 
 I'm sorry I haven't rung before, but I just needed some time on my own to think things through. 
  And I wanted to say... 
  ..don't believe what you might hear about me from the police. 
  I'm not a bad man. 
  I made some mistakes but I'm not a bad man. 
  So, why did you lie, Christopher? 
  I lied, erm... 
 because from the moment Hayley Reid went missing I sort of believed that at some point someone would knock on my door wanting to blame me. 
  Which... 
 I believed for a number of reasons. 
  None of which include me having anything to do with her death. 
  Erm... 
 in late December     ... 
  ..I was in a bad way, mentally. 
  I was in the manic phase, I know now, of a bipolar episode. 
  Exacerbated by over-work, and by a personal event that had... 
  profoundly traumatised me. 
  And on New Year's Eve, in addition to me idiotically taking some cocaine, it overwhelmed me. 
  And I became very unwell. 
  I think I ended up leaving the house, and just, just walking, eh, I dunno where, for a couple of hours. 
  And then finally, when I returned, I was exhausted and I fell asleep almost immediately, and then the next day... 
  ..news started to filter through about this missing local girl, and... 
  ..because of this personal thing that had happened, and I suppose to a degree because of my poor mental health, I became... 
 obsessed that the police would come for me, that a knock on the door was imminent. 
  But it-it-it didn't actually come. 
  Not that day, nor the next, or the day after. 
 It didn't come. 
  But, erm... 
 I never stopped waiting for it. 
  So, when you finally showed up, DCI Stuart, in my head I went straight back to those first days after Hayley Reid went missing, I felt the same fear, the same panic,     and yeah, I lied. 
  I lied about where I was that night. 
  That is all that I lied about, because I swear, I-I... 
  I didn't hurt Hayley Reid. 
  I never even met her. 
  And this event, that fed into your paranoia... 
  ..what was that? 
  Yeah, so, uh... 
  On October   th I was arrested for credit card payments to online child s*x abuse sites. 
  The card was a business one, which meant I was arrested at the office, and the police told my business partner, Helen, because I sometimes visited commercial shoots involving children. 
  She then told the board, and in January     , she told my wife. 
  Two months later, when I was charged, the board sacked me. 
  Then my wife filed for divorce. 
  So, within four months of my arrest... 
  ..yeah, I lost, erm... 
  I lost everything. 
  Everything I loved. 
  My wife, Laura, and my career. 
  My... 
 CHOKES UP     
 My beautiful daughter. 
  Yeah. 
 Yeah, my life just pretty much collapsed. 
  But here's the thing, it wasn't me. 
  The credit card payments, I didn't make them. 
  My life had been ruined, and I was completely, % innocent. 
  And do you happen to remember who packed the trailer? 
  Jesus! 
 You don't think...? 
 Do you? 
  I always used to pack the bags, and... 
  James always used to put them in the trailer. 
  OK. 
 And your car, a BMW   series, I believe? 
  Yeah. 
 Do you recall if it sustained any damage over that break? 
  You think it was a car accident? 
 Do you? 
  Mrs Hollis? 
  He said he'd hit a deer. 
  Your husband? 
 Yes, my husband. 
 Who else? 
  Why don't you take a look at these photos, and this floor plan... 
  ..and tell me if you can remember which bedroom you and your husband slept in, which bedroom your friends slept in, and which your son. 
  No. 
  My card details, like those of hundreds of other completely innocent people were cloned. 
  Of course, I protested my innocence, I told them, "This is crazy. 
  "I've never visited these sites, it's absurd, a mistake." But I was charged. 
  And then... 
  ..then suddenly I was living alone in a depressing flat in Acton. 
  And my trial date had not been set. 
  I managed to salvage some money from my separation, and I found a lawyer, and we hired a team of investigators to prove that the sites paid for were never actually visited, they proved that when the payments were made, allegedly from my work computer, I was abroad. 
  And so in     , finally, the charges were dropped and I was granted a record deletion application in     . 
  By this time Laura had remarried, and I hadn't seen her, or been allowed to see my daughter, for three years. 
  I was living in shelters, or on the streets, without access to the medication I needed. 
  LAUGHS The idea of just turning up, and persuading them I hadn't somehow bought my innocence... 
  ..yeah, that was beyond me. 
  So I had to try and begin to accept what had happened to me, this awful injustice, this catastrophic unfairness. 
  To try... to try and... 
  rebuild a life. 
  You know, which sounds simpler than it actually was, because I was homeless, in and out of temporary accommodation for six more years... 
  ..before Tim... 
 CHOKES UP     
 ..my friend, Tim, he finally tracked me down, bought me my first van, in     ,     then I began to live again, rather than just exist. 
  Then one week ago, you turn up, and ask a man who has lost everything, through, what, just simple bad luck, someone... someone who knows what can happen, and you ask him where he was that night. 
  Yeah, so, that's why I lied. 
  That. 
  (That.)    
  James Hollis's ex remembers his son slept in a box room. 
  The only box room in the house has a window that goes out onto a flat roof. 
  Which supports Tim Finch's claim that Pete Carr saw him seen climbing in at  am. 
  Exactly. 
  Yeah. 
 PHONE RINGS   
 Jake Collier. 
  She's in an interview at the moment, can I pass on a message? 
  Hello, is it Maria? 
  SNIFFS Yeah. 
  Sorry, I was just having a quick nap. 
  I'm Dr Walsh. 
 I'm one of the doctors who's been looking after Peter. 
  Oh, right. 
 Yes. 
 How's he doing? 
  (sh1t.)   
  D'you believe him? 
 I dunno. 
  Maybe. 
  You speak to the legal firm, I'll try and track down the unit that investigated him. 
 OK. 
  KNOCK ON DOOR Guv? 
  King's Lynn nick just rang. 
 Peter Carr's died. 
  Heart attack. 
  SOBBING   
  PHONE RINGS   
  'Please leave your message after the tone.'    
  Mrs Carr, it's DCI Cassie Stuart. 
  I just wanted to ring and say... 
 how.. 
  ..desperately sad I was... 
  ..to hear about your husband's death. 
  DCI Stuart? 
 DCI Stuart, have you got anything to say? 
  CAMERAS CLICK     ALL SHOUT What will you say to his family? 
  D'you blame yourself, DCI Stuart? 
  WINDOWS THUMPED   
  '..and as his wife comforts their two young sons tonight, 'I think the death of Mr Carr raises a number of important questions. 
  'Firstly, what new laws, if any, do we need, 'in order to better restrict 'the sort of hateful social media campaign 'that undoubtedly contributed towards his murder? 
  'And secondly, I think we need to ask how problematic it is 'that such major criminal investigations 'as this one, are increasingly being held under such a public gaze. 
  'With police so far refusing to confirm 'whether Peter Carr remained a suspect, 'the parents of Hayley Reid must be asking themselves 'the most painful question. 
  'Has the killer of their beloved daughter 'taken the secret of her final moments to his grave? 
  'This is Rohit Katru, outside Bishop's -'    
  DOOR CLOSES     Hey. 
  I just went out to grab a bag. 
 I didn't forget to turn it off. 
  Dad - I just want to say that I've been... 
  ..thinking about what we were discussing the other day. 
  And I am genuinely sorry about what you are going through. 
  I'm fine. 
 The problems at work or whatever it is personally. 
  My personal life is fine, too. 
  Of course... 
 I'll always be there, you know? 
  To give you whatever I can, whenever you need it. 
  Wow. 
 Well, thank you so much. 
  It's just that, erm... 
  .well, at the moment I think it would be better for both of us if I were to give you a bit of space. 
  So I think it's best if I move in with Jenny for a bit. 
  All right. 
  Anyway... 
  it'll be a rehearsal for us, you know? 
  "Rehearsal."   
  I asked her last night if she'd marry me. 
  She said she would. 
  So, we'll probably... 
  buy somewhere together, next year. 
  Sorry, you mean, like, move in together? 
 Cos you can't... 
  you can't buy somewhere together, can you? 
  Cos you're the only one with any money. 
  I never thought that we'd fall out about money. 
  I'll give you a call tomorrow. 
  I love you, sweetheart. 
  Yeah! 
  DOOR CLOSES   
  I miss... 
 us... 
  as a family. 
  I miss us all being together. 
  I miss you. 
  And I missed you, Usha. 
  When you left for your soulmate. 
  D'you remember? 
  The girls missed you so much. 
  And I'm so sorry for that. 
  For all the mistakes I made, which I want to put right. 
  Now! 
  It's too late. 
 We've moved on. 
  I've moved on. 
  Then... 
  you... 
 love her, do you, this... 
 Sal? 
  Yes, I do. 
  And the girls, I mean... 
  Surely we owe it to them to ask what they'd like? 
  "We"? 
  Surely you can't deny them that. 
 I mean, if they want it, the chance for us all to be together again. 
  A proper family. 
  You always said the girls came first. 
  But I never meant for anyone to actually DO anything! 
  OK. 
  Can I read what your last post said? 
  "For too long, paedophiles, rapists and murderers "have been treated as if they were the victims. 
  "but enough is enough. 
  "If the government won't bring back the death penalty for such crimes, "perhaps it's time for honest, law-abiding citizens, "to take matters into their own hands." And then you've put a picture of Peter Carr with his work address, under the headline, "Monster". 
  But I never said to anyone to kill him! 
  So when you said it was time for people to take matters into their own hands,     what did you mean, exactly? 
  I just wanted a job. 
  I'm   , and I have a degree in journalism that's cost me the best part of grand. 
  And I have never had proper paid work in my chosen field, despite having written hundreds of job applications. 
  So I was just trying to... shock. 
  Cos... that's what you need to do these days. 
  Otherwise no-one hears you, no-one listens. 
  And if no-one listens, what are you? 
  You're no-one. 
  In terms of the IPCC it's a mandatory referral. 
  I don't really have any choice. 
  And the case? 
  The Reid family have reiterated their faith in you. 
  For now, the case remains yours. 
  Thank you. 
  Oh, just ask the actual f*cking question, Em, please. 
  Look, I've got ten minutes before I'm due back, and I really don't have time for endless, dreary euphemisms. 
  You don't have to get so unpleasant, Dad. 
 Oh, you think? 
  It's just that, as your father, I thought you might already know the answer. 
  I'm sorry. 
  I'm very stressed by all of this. 
  But, no. 
  I never hit your mum. 
  Apologies, but I... have a two o'clock. 
  And for the avoidance of any doubt, I'm not a psychopathic murderer, either. 
  Just pull the door to, when you leave. 
  Love you. 
  DOOR CLOSES  
  Els? 
  If you don't tell me the truth, Eliot, I can't continue to protect you. 
 Like you have for the past    years? 
  Protect me from what? 
 Have you had a good look at me recently, Dad? 
  Prison. 
 And I will happily do that. 
  I will lie for you, and say I was driving that night. 
  But you have to tell me the truth. 
  I've already told you a million times. 
  I don't think so. 
  Yes, I have. 
 
 
 
 I was driving, I hit something, I don't know what. 
  I went out to look for it and couldn't find anything. 
 That's it. 
  No. 
 Yes! 
 Because you actually went back that night. 
  I what?! 
 I think you actually found her, and then you hid her, and then you went back to get her a few nights later. 
  What the f*ck are you talking about? 
 Tell me the truth, please, Eliot! 
  It's been    years, I need to hear it, now, I need to hear the truth! 
  Where was she found? 
 Oh, you KNOW where she was found! 
  I don't! 
 I've been using since you first called me! 
  Where was she found? 
  Tell me, where was she found?! 
 She was buried in London. 
  What? 
  (No.)    
  What? 
  DOG BARKS Come on! 
  Good boy! 
  Wooh! 
 DOG BARKS   
 Boss. 
 Yep. 
  Uh, so, just got off the phone to Eastleigh nick, which is the nearest one to Middenham, so they've identified our 'G' as local drug dealer, nickname 'Gandalf',     real name, Nigel Farndale. 
  He's got a   -year record of drug offences, so they're gonna pull him up and bring him straight in. 
 OK. 
 Thank you. 
  James Hollis is downstairs, with his son. 
  For the past    years I have believed that my son killed Hayley Reid. 
  Because he did steal my car, he was drunk, and when he got back home at two in the morning and I found him in his room in a terrible state, he told me that he'd hit something. 
  He said that he'd got out to see what it was, but couldn't find anything. 
  And although his gut instinct told him that it was just an animal... 
  ..he was also very scared... 
  ..that it might be a person. 
  Which fear grew, when the next day news that Hayley Reid was missing started to filter through. 
  And the fact they couldn't find her also, uh... fitted because the road he was on was next to the river which had burst its banks following the heavy rain. 
  Meaning we had to consider the awful possibility... 
  ..that she had been knocked into the water, washed down the river, and out to sea. 
  And for    years he and I have hidden that, uh... 
  dreadful secret, and I'm so, so sorry for that. 
  And then she was found. 
  The nightmare should have been over. 
 Except... 
  INHALES SHARPLY ..instead of finally believing that he was innocent... 
  ..I started to believe that not only had he hit her, but he'd actually found her, and hidden her to drive back down a few days later, retrieve the body... 
 and bury it in London. 
  Oh, it, erm... 
  might seem a terrible thing to believe about your son. 
  But... 
 	years of this... 
  toxic secret between us, and... 
  ..seeing the consequences of that in everything my son has become... 
  ..has made my judgement bad. 
  And how do you know he didn't do exactly what you've described? 
  Because when I finally found him, just a few hours ago, and talked to him properly for the first time since Hayley had been found... 
  he reminded me that we drove back early on the  nd, to put him on a flight to Switzerland for a school skiing trip. 
  He was away for ten days. 
 There will be school records. 
  He could have driven back down there once he got back. 
  By which time the police and half the world's press were in Middenham, so I don't think so. 
  But, listen, we're not hiding anymore. 
  He's here, to answer your questions. 
 So ask him. 
  But... 
  I think he did just hit a deer that night. 
  And by me... enabling him to not face up to his responsibilities... 
  ..I've messed up his whole life. 
  For absolutely no reason at all. 
  So, I'm gonna stay in the van tonight, because I want you to have the time you need, you know, to absorb everything. 
  And when might the police know, do you think... 
  ..that you're not a suspect anymore? 
  I don't know. 
  But if it's worth me saying one more time, you know, it wasn't me. 
  Not Hayley Reid, not the credit card stuff, not anything. 
  And sometimes... 
  we have to, you must know this, we have to accept that... 
  ..that life can be just random, and cruel, before being, in the blink of an eye, just as randomly wonderful. 
  SHE SOBS   
  DOOR CLOSES   
  CAR LOCK CLICKS    
  Eliot? 
  D'you wanna f*ck off, Dad? 
  He's right, I'm afraid. 
  Within five days of her disappearance Middenham was crawling with police, there were search parties, choppers with cameras, road blocks, if she was murdered in Middenham,     it was always my belief she had to have been moved within a day or so. 
  KNOCK ON DOOR     Sorry. 
  They're looking at their records now, but the teacher I spoke to remembers the skiing trip well and remembers Eliot being on it, because he was such a pain in the arse. 
  Right. 
  And Nigel Farndale's here. 
  Thanks. 
  Did you talk to the son? 
 Uh, briefly. 
  And? 
 My sense was     he is telling the truth. 
  So for now we're letting them both go. 
  I better speak to this Farndale bloke. 
  Yeah, I better push off. 
 No, thank you for coming in. 
  No worries. 
  Uh, look, I'm probably gonna head back down to Hampshire tomorrow, so... 
 Right. 
  But, erm... 
 can I call you? 
  I don't know if this is a good idea, right now, John. 
  I've just got so much... 
  ..c-crap on, right now, that I need to sort out. 
  And... 
 I'm not sure starting, uh... 
  It wouldn't be fair on you. 
  Sorry. 
  I'll call you, then. 
  I mean, we all lived together for   ,    years, Mum, we never saw him do anything like... 
  You know, the photos, were they even you, or was it make-up, or...? 
  I dunno. 
  Help me out here, cos I'm struggling. 
  Well... 
  you're not struggling, Em, or you wouldn't be here. 
  You wouldn't have driven five hours just to ask! 
  Listen, I know I shouldn't have asked for the money, it was stupid, but it was the first time in nearly    years I felt like I had the upper hand. 
  And I got a little giddy. 
  Although... 
  ..for what it's worth, he never did pay the settlement. 
  These are the letters from my lawyer to his. 
  I instructed mine to stop fighting in     , after your father put his hands around my neck, at our old house, and threatened to kill me. 
  Of course you and Clare never saw stuff, I did everything I could to keep it from you both. 
  As did he. 
  For different reasons, obviously. 
  But that takes its toll,     sweetheart, living that lie. 
  To keep smiling, as you told me about all your fun times with him. 
  The lovely holidays with him. 
  When I knew... what he really was. 
  It took its toll on me, and in turn, my problems served his deception well. 
  The photos were genuine, my love. 
  And you're here now because some part of you, some subconscious part, has always known that something was wrong. 
  And it gives me no pleasure at all to tell you that you are right. 
  Yes, she came to my house that night. 
  Mm-hm. 
 And that was to buy? 
  In     , it would have been E's, I'd imagine. 
  You didn't think to mention this to the police at the time? 
  I had a house full of gear! 
  I knew I hadn't done anything wrong, so... 
  But, yeah, I'm sorry. 
 I should have. 
  Do you remember what time she arrived? 
  Would have been about... twenty past eleven. 
  How do you remember so specifically? 
  Cos we chatted a bit, maybe ten minutes, then we left together. 
  I went to a party in Alcross, which is about half an hour aways, and I remember I got there just as Big Ben was chiming. 
  And when she left, did she say where she was going? 
  She said straight to her party. 
  Erm, can you... 
  show me where you were living, in     ? 
  So, if what he's saying is true, then to get from the Farndales to the party house, there's absolutely no reason for her to be passing the church. 
  Or where Eliot Hollis was spotted driving the car. 
  Which would seem to suggest James Hollis is telling the truth, as was Peter Carr. 
  Yeah. 
  As she walked from here to here, if she encountered anyone, the more likely it would be Chris Lowe or Tim Finch. 
  And I've just come off the phone to West End Central, who have detailed records of the credit card investigation into Lowe, which they themselves now admit, with hindsight, was flawed. 
  So he didn't just hire good lawyers? 
  On balance, they think not. 
  They think he should never have been charged. 
  That doesn't mean we eliminate him as a suspect, of course, but for now, I think we should concentrate our fire elsewhere. 
  And some, erm, slightly better news here. 
  Yesterday we got in touch with DVLA to see if any of our four main suspects had any endorsements for the days after New Year. 
  And my thinking was, you have a dead body in your boot, you might be driving a little faster than normal. 
  So here is a copy of Tim Finch's driving license endorsements, going back    years. 
  There's four speeding offences on there, which is kinda normal. 
  Except for the date of the second one. 
  sh1t! 
  The  rd of January,     . 
  That's the day after he got back to London. 
  D'you know where he got it? 
 Not yet. 
  They're gonna get back to us. 
  But that... is a tickle. 
  That's definitely a tickle. 
  PHONE RINGS   
  DI Khan. 
 'Have you got a pen?' Yes, yes, I have, yep. 
  ' :  am, A    South.' That is so helpful, thank you so much. 
  Ticket was issued at  :  am on the A   . 
 Which is where? 
  Six miles outside of Middenham. 
  Was he heading to, or from? 
  From. 
  KNOCK ON DOOR   
  Timothy Finch, I'm arresting you on suspicion of the murder of Hayley Reid. 
  You do not have to say anything, but it may harm your defence if you do not mention now something you later rely on in court. 
  As you're being arrested, we have authority to search your premises under Section of the Police And Criminal Evidence Act. 
  Would you like to get dressed, please? 
  Why were you on the road out of Middenham, heading to London, at... 
 :  am, the day after you'd returned to London? 
  I'd left my laptop in the house and drove back down to pick it up. 
  I left very early because I wanted to be back in time for morning surgery. 
  And you'd arranged this with the lettings agency? 
  Yes. 
 They've made no mention of that. 
  Well, what d'you want me to say? 
 I arranged it. 
  Who'd you speak to? 
  I don't remember, it's... 
  nearly    years ago, erm... 
  a bloke, I think. 
  And, what, he took you round there, did he? 
  At  am? 
  No, he left the key, under a flowerpot. 
  Apparently the house was vacant that week, and he said to just let myself in. 
  So why were you speeding? 
  It had taken longer that I thought to get down there. 
  I was running late. 
 KNOCK ON DOOR   
 For the purposes of the interview, DC Collier has entered the room. 
  Sorry to interrupt, Ma'am. 
 Can I have a quick word? 
  Excuse me. 
  Interview suspended at  :  . 
 RECORDER BEEPS  
 In his cellar, behind a thousand boxes of junk, we found one of those old, like, money box type things. 
  And when we got it open, we found these. 
  A necklace, with hair still attached to the clasp, a scrunchie... 
  ..and a pair of knickers. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 