Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x05 - Episode 5 - Unforgotten 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x05 - Episode 5 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=462&t=30844 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/02/17 21:10 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x05 - Episode 5 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 David Walker had a lot of secrets. 
 We've just found another -- Ellen Price. 
 If they got friendly with him, they'd get invited to the gatherings. 
 She was 12 years old. David Walker sexually assaulted her. 
 If this is true, I promise you, I knew nothing about it. 
 You clearly had no idea what sort of a person your husband was. 
 We need to consider the possibility that one of these people were assaulted by Walker. The question is, which? 
 What the hell have you done? 
 Don't blame me! She was the one who done it in the first place. 
 What do you want? 
 What we want is 20 grand or we tell social services about your husband being interviewed in connection with a murder. 
 The city in the '80s, was it really as brutal as everyone says? 
 It screwed me up so much, I could have killed someone. 
 Did it? 
 An allegation was made by a Maria Gonzalez. She said he raped her. 
 The police have found people that I hung about with... in the '80s. 
 What people? 
 IRA. 
 Did you ever see her with this man? 
 No... but she wanted us to kill him. 
 ♪ All we do is hide away ♪ 
♪ All we do is, all we do is hide away ♪ 
♪ All we do is lie and wait ♪ 
♪ All we do is, all we do is lie and wait ♪ 
♪ I've been upside-down ♪ 
♪ I don't wanna be the right way round ♪ 
♪ Can't find paradise on the ground ♪ 
 I did always keep stuff. 
 Silly bits of receipts and things. 
 There'll be something that proves I was there, abroad. 
 All right, well... 
 I'll start this side. 
 Bye, Daddy. I love you. 
 Bye, sweetheart, I love you. 
 And remember, don't be late. 
 I won't. 
 You didn't call me back. 
 Someone stole my phone. 
 When's our money coming? 
 I can have it for you by Wednesday. 
 I just want to be sure you're making the right choices. 
 I'm making the right choices? 
 Because like I said last week, I'm not the kind of man who forgets when someone screws him over. 
 That's very Liam Neeson. 
 3:00, Wednesday, in the cafe. Be there. 
 OK, thank you. 
 She was in a B&B in Havering, the landlady found her when she didn't come down for breakfast. 
 Found her? 
 Unconscious. 
 They're taking her in to St Agatha's now. 
 Is she gonna be OK? 
 I have no idea. 
 Love, I'm sorry. 
 You see, you asked me to take the wall down, Tony, but that's what's behind it -- what I did to her and what I do to every single relationship I've ever had -- try to f*ck it up. 
 You're over-reacting. 
 Cos I'm pissed off you stayed married to a child-abuser? 
 Sorry, but I wanna go home now. 
 Oh, what, to that depressing little flat and your pretend friends? 
 Oh, God, Jason, I'm sorry. 
 Come on. 
 What is this? We've always been there for each other. 
 And I always thought that was cos I needed you. 
 Please, love, don't... 
 Jason. Jason, please. 
 Please, love. 
 Please, don't leave me on my own. 
 I think being on your own is just what you need. 
 Time to think about who you are. 
 So, first we need to identify the house, and if we can do that, then we'll try and find the owner at the relevant time. 
 Which was when? 
 Erm... 
 Our witness says the gatherings took place between 1981 and 1983. 
 And this is... Ellen Price... 
 Hm. 
 .. who was at a reform school when she says this happened? 
 And is a very successful marketing executive now. 
 And do we have any reason to believe any of your suspects could have ever found themselves at this address? 
 Well, that's our primary focus now. 
 Were they in London at that time? Were they... vulnerable, in care? All of that sort of stuff. 
 OK. 
 With Marion Kelsey being our priority after Sinead Quinn's statement yesterday. 
 And clearly, if what Ms Price is saying is true, then we're looking at a whole separate investigation. 
 Possible multiple sexual assaults on children. 
 Multiple suspects. 
 Maybe, yes. 
 Well, I know you'll be aware of how carefully we need to tread here, Cass. 
 Notwithstanding the mistakes that we have made in the past, there are also some very unreliable witnesses out there. 
 Very aware of that, sir, and we'll tread very carefully indeed. 
 So, cos a few unfortunate people made some stuff up, suddenly it's all made up, again, like it has been for the last 50 years. 
 Yeah, I know. It's rubbish, isn't it? 
 Listen... I'm sorry if I got arsey the other day. 
 I'm sorry if I got arsey, too. 
 I think... with my girls, I just get very emotional about it all. 
 No, yeah, I get it. 
 Hm. 
 So, where are we with Maudsley? 
 We still need to know if Colin Osborne could have ever got out. 
 Yeah, yeah, no, I'll chase up, and the airline manifests. 
 Oh, OK. And then I want Marion, Sara and Colin in, all three of 'em together. 
 What are we saying, a voluntary interview? 
 Hm. 
 And we're gonna need photos of them when they were teenagers, I wanna show them to Ellen Price. 
 Oh, we can't use photo ID from Price. 
 I'm not worried about evidence, I wanna know I'm not going mad. 
 You don't wanna concentrate on just Marion Kelsey for now? 
 No, I don't think so. 
 Maybe they were all at one of these parties. 
 They all knew each other, you mean? 
 Why not? 
 And maybe all three were involved in his murder, so I want it coordinated. 
 I want them all in the front office at the same time. 
 So, Maria Gonzalez. 
 We placed her with Klein Egerton on 13th March, 1990. 
 13th, that's interesting. 
 And she left on the 17th it says there. 
 Right. 
 And was this her home address at that time here? 
 Yeah. 
 It's been really helpful. 
 Would you mind if I took a copy of this? 
 You can have it, love. She hasn't been back in 26 years, so I don't think we'll be getting any return business. 
 Sorry, what's this here? 
 That's just her reference, her previous employer. 
 David Walker? 
 Yeah. 
 I went online at Companies House and looked at his accounts, Gonzalez worked for Walker for 18 months before she temped at Klein Egerton's. 
 As what? 
 A dancer. 
 And she'd only been at Klein's two days before she made the rape allegation. 
 OK, so we have photos of Osbourne with Walker in February, and then a few weeks later, a woman who clearly knows Walker very well gets a temp job at Klein's. 
 And within two days, she accuses Colin Osbourne, a gay man, of raping her. 
 So, even in 1990, a woman makes a very public accusation of rape, you'd reasonably assume the police would be called. 
 Yeah. 
 The man would be interviewed, at the very least, his reputation is seriously damaged, at the very worst, he goes to trial. 
 Except this is banking and they... 
 It's all handled internally. 
 Yeah. 
 But if you took that anomaly out of the equation, you'd have to assume that someone wanted Colin Osbourne out the picture, wouldn't you? 
 And that someone was David Walker. 
 Hi. Mr Osbourne? 
 DC Fran Lingley. Can I have a quick word? 
 Hello, young man. DS Murray Boulting. 
 Is your mum or dad in, please? 
 Hello, there. DC Jake Collier. 
 Have you got five minutes please, Mrs Kelsey? 
 This is it. 
 It's here. 
 Yeah, it's that one over there. 
 How sure? 
 100%. 
 It's the number. 
 There was a joke going around around that time. 
 99 is like a 69, except you shove a flake up your... 
 He told me that gag the first time we were there. 
 Yeah. There. 
 So, how many times did you come here? 
 Three. 
 Always with Walker? 
 He was always the one that picked me up, yeah. 
 From your school. 
 Yeah. 
 So, what did your headmaster say about that? 
 The gatherings were supposed to be prayer evenings. 
 There was a bloke there that was something to do with the local church. 
 We were supposed to be reading the Bible, talking about God. 
 No... it was never a problem, no. 
 And Walker would... would pick you up in his car? 
 In a taxi, he came straight from work. 
 And how would you get back from the party? 
 Sorry... this is weird, I've erm... I've never talked about this in 35 years. 
 Not to my husband, not to anyone. 
 If you want to stop... 
 No. 
 It's fine. It's all right, it's fine. 
 Twice... he put me in a taxi to take me back. 
 Right. 
 And another time, there was a woman that... drove us back. 
 Was that a woman from the party? 
 No, she just turned up outside. 
 She had a row with Walker on the pavement there, she was screaming at him, I think she was his wife or girlfriend or something. 
 OK. 
 And how many other children were here? 
 There were never less than half a dozen. 
 Age range? 
 The youngest was about 12. 
 The oldest maybe... 16. 
 And how many adults? 
 About the same. 
 There was something for everyone. 
 If I showed you some photographs of some other children we think might have been here as well, do you think you might be able to recognise any of them? 
 Er... 
 I suppose it's worth a try, yeah. 
 Hm. 
 I'm so sorry. I'll just... I'll be two minutes. 
 Are you OK? 
 Yeah, I'm fine. 
 Sunny. 
 So the Maudsley say they had a soft locked-door policy in the 1990s, meaning that it was hard but not impossible for a patient to walk out. 
 But can they confirm Osborne was there? 
 Yeah, yeah, for the exact dates he stipulated and there's no record of him absconding at any time. 
 But they can't rule it out? 
 If he was in and out within a few hours, then, no. 
 OK. 
 And then Sara Alazi, we have found both her outbound flight in March and her inbound flight in December. 
 But what we can't do is check every airline, rail service, ferry service for every day between her departure and the 8th of May to see if she returned here at any point. 
 No, OK, thanks. Listen, right now I need you to pull Tessa Nixon in again. 
 My witness here might be able to place her at this house in Brentford. 
 Wow. 
 Yeah, I know. Thanks. 
 Hm. 
 Hello. Can I help? 
 Hi, there. DCI Cassie Stuart, Bishop Street Station. 
 OK. 
 You don't happen to know who lives here, do you? 
 Oh, yeah, that's Pete and Katie. 
 Right, looks like they've got kids? 
 One, Rosie, she's three now, and then one on the way. 
 Have they been here long? 
 Oh, about five or six years? 
 You don't happen to know who lived here before them, do you? 
 Before them was Ken, he was here donkey's years. 
 Do you remember his surname? 
 Er... no. 
 But he worked for the council, I think, some sort of social service or something. 
 And when you say "donkey's years", roughly how long did he live here? 
 Well before me and I've been here since '79. 
 Right. 
 Brilliant. 
 OK. 
 Thanks for your help. 
 Oh. Sorry, just one more thing. 
 You don't have any idea where he moved to, do you? 
 Oh, yeah. About half a mile down that road... to the cemetery. He's dead, love. 
 Thank you. 
 She is out of line doing this. 
 You could have rung me, I'd have come up. 
 Come on, let's not make this any harder than it needs to be, Tess. 
 Detective Inspector Nixon. 
 Sorry, Marion, can you bear with us for two minutes? 
 Bit short on interview rooms. 
 Yeah, sure. 
 Do you wanna take a seat? Grab you a tea or a coffee? 
 Yeah, I'll have a tea. Milk, no sugar, please. 
 No worries. 
 As I said, Colin, you're obviously not being arrested, but you will be questioned under caution, so would you like a solicitor present? 
 No, I'll be fine, thank you. 
 OK. Just grab a seat, I'll be right back. 
 Do you recognise this girl? 
 No, sorry. 
 No problem. 
 What about this one? 
 Show me the next one. 
 Show me the middle one again. 
 It was 35 years ago and I was drunk... but this girl... 
 I'm pretty certain she was at the party. 
 I'm pretty certain I recognise her. 
 Have any of them spoken to each other? 
 No. 
 Looked at each other? 
 Nothing. 
 Which is weird. 
 Weird? 
 Well, you nod at people in a situation like this, don't you? 
 You talk about the weather... sh1t coffee... 
 Don't you? 
 I guess. 
 OK, you do Tessa. 
 I'll do Marion. 
 I gave evidence against her. 
 Why would she not try and drop me in it? 
 Hm. 
 So you think that's why Sinead Quinn said this stuff about you and Walker? 
 Absolutely. 
 And so how do you think she knew who he was? 
 Well, maybe it was her who identified him as a possible target? 
 Her who wrote that address down? 
 Of your parents' house? 
 She was my girlfriend at the time, we stayed there on several occasions when my parents were away. 
 But whichever of you it was gave him your parents' address on the 7th of May, that's the day before he disappeared... it suggests you were staying there, in North London. 
 Yeah, I guess so. 
 Just a few miles from where David Walker's body was eventually found. 
 OK, I want, if I may, Marion... to ask you a couple of questions about your childhood? 
 So, you were brought up by your parents? 
 Yes. 
 Hm. 
 And you lived with them till what age? - 16. 
 Did you have any problems with the police? 
 Other than the one you've asked me about, no. 
 You never spent any time in any youth-detention facilities? 
 No. 
 No periods in care. 
 No. 
 You ever run away from home? 
 No. 
 And your mother would corroborate this, would she? 
 Yes. 
 Does the address 99 Shanklin Avenue in Brentford mean anything to you? 
 No. 
 This is it. 
 I've never seen it before. 
 You've never been to any parties there? 
 A party? Jesus. I don't know, when? 
 At some point between 1981 and 1983. 
 OK, well I think that's fairly unlikely. 
 And why's that? 
 Well, firstly I was only 14 in 1983 and my parents were not that relaxed about that sort of thing. 
 But more to the point, I don't think they would have been that happy about driving me to Brentford, given that between 1980 and 1985, we lived in Ireland. 
 If he was doing this sort of stuff, how on Earth would I have known about it? Hm? 
 He would have done everything he could have to keep it from me, obviously. 
 Except wives often do suspect, Tessa, you know that, you're a copper. 
 Little girls! 
 They have an instinct... which they can ignore sometimes for years because... who would want to ever dig that up. 
 But then one day, I guess it just gets too much. 
 And maybe you follow him... from work... on one of those nights when he always said that he had late meetings. 
 One of those nights when he came home smelling of booze and something else, something that scared you. 
 And you saw where he went... and then later... a child coming out with him. 
 No. 
 And you were disgusted, of course. 
 And you fought with him, and you took that child back to her residential home. 
 It's a nice theory... but that is all it is, DS Khan. 
 You know that, I know that. 
 Except we have a witness... who says she remembers being driven home by a woman in a blue convertible Golf with red trim. 
 What car did you drive? 
 
 
 
 Hello. 
 I'm looking for Maria Gonzalez. 
 Mum. 
 I'd imagine that was a very traumatic event for you. 
 Yes. 
 Doubly so in that Mr Osbourne was never charged with anything. 
 No. 
 If you don't mind me asking, why didn't you call the police? 
 I didn't want to go through the trauma of a rape trial. 
 Absolutely. 
 They are a very difficult thing to go through. 
 Mrs Gonzalez, there's a couple of things I'm still confused about. 
 Firstly, did you know Mr Osbourne was gay? 
 OK. 
 Secondly, what can you tell me about David Walker? 
 Basically, she's now admitting that Walker paid her five grand to make it all up. 
 Bloody hell. 
 Apparently, Osbourne was a very heavy drinker, which Walker knew. 
 So, Gonzalez plied him with booze at this party, and took him to the toilets where he passed out. 
 20 minutes later, she was found down a stairwell, "distressed and partially undressed". 
 Was she meant to go to the police? 
 Absolutely. 
 Her conscience wouldn't let her go through with it. 
 Yeah, that and the ten grand Klein Egerton offered her to keep shtoom. 
 And did she know why Walker asked her to do this? 
 She said all she knew was that Walker had said, "Osbourne was a nosey little fucker who'd asked him one question too many". 
 Hi, there. 
 Jesus, Grandad. 
 Sorry, mate. 
 He's lost his wallet, I'm afraid, and he wanted to walk home but Egham's a bit of schlep, so we gave him a lift into town. 
 Right. 
 He just needs a bit of a kip. 
 Is he OK? He's not in any trouble... 
 No, no, he's fine, but he did seem a bit tearful on the way in but... 
 Right, yeah. 
 He lost his wife a couple of years ago... and he's been finding it hard. 
 Sorry to hear that. I'll leave you to it then. 
 Yes, thanks again. 
 OK, I'm gonna start, if I may, Colin, by going back to your departure from Klein's? 
 Yes. 
 Can you tell me why you didn't mention the rape allegation that was made against you the last time we spoke? 
 Well, for obvious reasons. 
 It's something that you're ashamed of? 
 It's the worst thing I've ever done. 
 It's sat with me every day for... almost 30 years. 
 Er..... even talking about it now... it disgusts me. 
 And what is your recollection of the event? 
 I had... I have no recollection of the event, of any of the evening. 
 Because you were too drunk? 
 I was going through a period of having blackouts, losing whole days. 
 You were drinking that heavily? 
 Sadly, yes. 
 Did you know you were gay at the time of the allegation? 
 No. 
 Well, maybe instinctively, but I certainly hadn't admitted it to myself. 
 I'm guessing that it's going to... er... shock you... to learn that we have evidence to suggest that Maria Gonzalez made up the allegation. 
 That she was paid to make it up. 
 Paid by who? 
 By David Walker. 
 Oh, but why? Why? 
 Well, that's what we were hoping you could tell us. 
 I have no idea. 
 Really? 
 Well... well, erm... like I said, I... I... 
 I... don't even remember meeting him. 
 Colin... we find that hard to believe. 
 We've got photos of you with him, your number's in his diary. 
 According to Maria Gonzalez, you were asking him lots of questions in the weeks before she did what she did. 
 So, what were you asking him? 
 I have no idea what you're talking about. 
 Were you asking him questions about his past? 
 No. 
 Were you trying to discover if this was the same David Walker that attended parties in the early 1980s at a house in Brentford. 
 Parties? What parties? 
 Parties that we think that you also attended as a teenager. 
 No. 
 Where we think Walker might have sexually assaulted you. 
 I was born and raised in Scotland. 
 The first time I came to London was when I went to university in 1985. 
 I... 
 I was 19. 
 Are your parents still alive, Colin? 
 Yeah. Well, my dad, yeah. 
 And he would corroborate that, would he? 
 Of course he would corroborate it. 
 Did you know a Marion Kelsey? Maiden name -- Marion Dunphy. 
 No. 
 Or Sara Alazi. 
 Again, that would have been her maiden name, she's now... Mahmoud. 
 No. I want to leave now. 
 Where have you been? 
 I've been interviewed by the police again. 
 Is everything OK? 
 Yeah, fine. Did you need me? 
 Flo had ballet, you were meant to pick her up. 
 God, I'm sorry. 
 No, it's fine, Freya's mum brought her home, but listen, I think we need to talk, love. 
 Mr Mahmoud? 
 Yes. 
 I'm so sorry to disturb you, I got your address from the mosque. 
 I was wondering if I could talk to you for a few moments about Sara? 
 I'm sorry, I don't wanna talk about... 
 Please, please. 
 I found these images on my grandson's phone with jokes about Mrs Mahmoud, and I believe that woman is my daughter. 
 So where were you brought up, Sara? 
 Hayes. 
 With Mum and Dad? 
 Yes. 
 And are your parents alive now? 
 No, they both died in a car crash when I was 20. 
 Sara's mother died in a car accident on Christmas Eve 1980 when Sara was just 12. 
 I'm very sorry to hear that. But you had a happy childhood? 
 Yes, it was very happy. 
 Sara was completely devastated by the loss of her mother, they were very close. 
 Perfectly understandably... her death made her very angry. 
 With the world, I guess... and me, particularly. 
 You enjoyed school? 
 Yes. 
 She started to play truant at school, to fight with her friends. 
 And was incredibly challenging at home, refusing to abide by any rules. 
 You never got in to any kind of trouble? 
 No. 
 She started to drink and smoke, and I think even to take drugs. 
 No trouble outside of school? 
 No. 
 I lost count of the number of times the police brought her home to me... in the middle of the night. 
 And when did you leave school? 
 When I was 16. 
 By 13, she pretty much stopped going to school altogether... and very often she'd stay out all night. 
 I tried to be tough, I tried to be gentle. 
 I tried everything... until I had no idea what to do. 
 Why so young? Why didn't you do A levels? 
 Just didn't. 
 And then, I... I did something I'll regret till the day I die. 
 You were clearly smart. 
 You should have done sixth form, gone on to university. 
 What happened? 
 Nothing. 
 And so I told her, if she couldn't live in my house by my rules... she had to leave. 
 When she was 13? 
 Of course, I never expected her to actually do it, to leave, but she did. 
 I don't believe you, Sara. 
 I think something... very bad happened to you around this time. 
 No. 
 And I think it had something... to do with this house. 
 Do you recognise it? 
 No. 
 This is 99 Shanklin Avenue. 
 Of course, I reported it to the police, who were completely uninterested and who kept saying she'd come back when she's ready. 
 So, we looked for her. 
 Her brother had heard she had a... room in a squat. 
 Did David Walker do something to you here, Sara? 
 So, we looked there and then in hostels, and houses with men... who we heard... took her places and used her. 
 At a gathering? 
 No. 
 For months, for years, we looked for her... but never found her. 
 We want to help you, Sara. 
 And then we just stopped hearing anything. 
 You don't wanna help me, you just wanna solve your case. 
 I want a solicitor. 
 Please... just tell her I love her. 
 I've always loved her... and I'm so, so sorry for what I did. 
 Zoe. 
 Zoe. No, I just want to speak to Zoe. 
 I didn't kill that man... and you must know I would never hurt a hair on her head. 
 I do, 100%, but... there's still stuff that you're not telling me, stuff you've never told me. 
 And I used to be OK with that, but when it starts impacting on her, when... when we start bringing more chaos into her life, I can't do that to her, not after everything that she's been through. 
 And so... as deeply painful as it would be... 
 I would give her up, I would give her back... if I thought for a second that keeping her would jeopardise her well-being. 
 If I could tell you the truth... Simon... I would, but I can't. 
 So I'm gonna call Janet now... and tell her what's been happening... and ask for her help in deciding what's best for Flo. 
 Erm... duty solicitor's on his way for Sara. 
 OK. 
 You definitely think she was there, at one of these gatherings? 
 Ellen Price thinks she recognised her. 
 If you'd seen her face when I showed her the photo of Shanklin Avenue... 
 Cassie Stuart. 
 Sara's husband's downstairs, he says he has something I need to see. 
 Mr Mahmoud? 
 She told me that your victim died on 8th May, 1990. 
 Yes. 
 A ticket stub to see Roma play Lazio and a photo of her in a cafe in Rome... date stamped on the 8th. 
 On the 9th, a train ticket to Naples and a photo of her... inside a bar in Naples, date stamped on the 9th. 
 On the 10th, restaurant receipts in Naples, and on the 11th, a new inter-railing card, stamped and dated with her photo in Naples. 
 I'm taking my wife home now. 
 I love you very much. 
 .. and I always will. 
 I've sent the boys to my brother's, there's some stuff you need to know. 
 We had a visitor today. 
 OK, I now officially give up. 
 And a glass of Malbec. 
 No, no, no, I'm here, I'm here. 
 Has he come out of his room? 
 No. 
 The bloke didn't clobber him or anything, did he? 
 No, but I can't imagine it went well. 
 Unless he got pissed before the event, which is always a possibility. 
 Yeah, OK. Erm... look, I'm gonna be a while. 
 I'll be back about 10:30, 11:00. 
 Cool, I'll take him up some grub in a bit. 
 OK. Love you. 
 Erm... can I get a large vodka with that? 
 I said I needed to be on my own, pulled my cancer-kid face. 
 Erm... 
 It's er... It seems... unbelievably selfish erm... that I'm saying this to you of all people, but erm... 
 I just really want you to understand two things. 
 Firstly, erm... I have some serious crap in my life which makes me... has always made me hurt the people I'm closest to. 
 It makes me push them away whenever I get scared that they might see something that, yeah, I didn't want them to. 
 And I'm... I'm so sorry that I did that to you cos you didn't deserve it. 
 And the second thing I wanted to say was that erm... if I'd ever had a daughter, I would have wanted her to be just like you because... I think you're smashing. 
 It's like all the key pieces of an investigation are there but nothing, nothing... quite fits. 
 Sara... had the motive but not the opportunity. 
 Yeah. 
 Marion had the opportunity but no obvious motive. 
 Hm. 
 Colin is clearly somehow connected to him, but just... join the suspects up, I'm sure that... 
 Do you know what, can we just talk about something else? 
 Yeah. What do you wanna talk about? 
 How was your date? 
 Tell me, how was it? 
 No... 
 Hi. 
 I know what you did, Tony. 
 What did I do? 
 They're yours, I know, I've always known. 
 What are mine? 
 Ned and Jack. Come on. 
 I'm the father of your sister's children? 
 And a part of me doesn't blame you because I know you've always wanted kids and you've always resented the fact that I didn't... 
 Marion. - .. but I really think you need to leave now. 
 Yeah, I really think it's time. We're done now. We're done now. 
 I'm gonna call your mum and Elise and ask them to come and look after you. 
 Get you the right help, get you back on some meds maybe. 
 And you know, I actually think you're right asking me to leave. 
 I don't think I'm good for you any more, Maz. 
 I want too much from you. 
 Things you can't give me. 
 You know... not having children... was the hardest thing for me, it still is some days. 
 But I was always completely prepared to do that... because I loved you... love you. 
 I dunno. 
 Oh, it's been a few years now. 
 Do you know what? I just... I just think you... you sort of forget why you might be attractive to anyone. 
 You... I... 
 Seriously? 
 Yeah. 
 I mean... you know, if no-one is telling you, you don't go around telling yourself, do you? 
 Right, right, cos... that would be a bad thing, wouldn't it? 
 Oh... 
 For what it's worth, I think you're attractive. 
 Oh, gosh, shut up now. 
 No, I do. 
 Yes, well, that would be because you're drunk. 
 No, it's because you, you... because you're funny and clever... and kind... and pretty. 
 Am I? f*ck, I sound fantastic. 
 Well, yeah. Yeah, you are. 
 Oh, no. No... 
 sh1t, sorry. No, no, I wasn't, I wasn't... 
 No, absolutely. Nor was I. 
 Sure. 
 Erm... but, Cassie, sit down. 
 No, I've... I've got to shoot cos erm... 
 Please, sit. 
 No, look, it's all good. 
 I'll see you tomorrow, Sunny. 
 Sunny! I need to talk you. 
 Boss, I'm sorry about that. 
 No, not about that, that was just cripplingly embarrassing. 
 No, there's no reason why you should feel in any way... 
 No, not for me, for you. 
 Oh, right, yeah. 
 It's about the case. 
 What about the case? 
 What you said earlier about nothing quite fitting... 
 I think I can see a way that it does. 
 OK. 
 And if I'm right... there are gonna be more bodies. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 