Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x04 - Episode 4 - Unforgotten 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x04 - Episode 4 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=462&t=30747 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/27/17 00:06 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x04 - Episode 4 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 David did use prostitutes, on a fairly industrial level. 
 I'd had s*x with him. For money. 
 I was cleared of any involvement in my husband's disappearance 26 years ago. 
 You are beginning to scare me. 
 I just want to know when I can visit him. He's my dad. 
 "Nightlife supremo David Walker and party donor Colin Osborne." 
 I'm not sure of our position, discussing Colin's departure. 
 How much? 
 Five thousand. 
 If you threaten my family's future again, I will hurt you very badly. 
 This travel card was found in an office desk of his. 
 When was that time Marion broke in? 
 You're not my friend, Zoe. You're just another patient I'll forget as soon as you've gone. 
 But Elise says you told her it was about a murder. 
 What did you tell them? 
 So we have one IRA activist, Sinead Quinn, the murder of a Tory party fund-raiser, and linking them, we have Marion Kelsey. 
 ♪ All we do is hide away ♪ 
♪ All we do is All we do is hide away ♪ 
♪ All we do is lie and wait ♪ 
♪ All we do is All we do is lie and wait ♪ 
♪ I've been upside down ♪ 
♪ I don't wanna be the right way round ♪ 
♪ I've found paradise on the ground ♪ 
 Hi. 
 Hi. 
 I thought you'd be asleep. 
 Flo had a nightmare. 
 Oh, no. Is she all right now? 
 Fine, yeah. I think she's just feeling a bit unsettled. 
 Yeah. Sorry about that. The brief came in just as I was leaving -- 
 Your clerk said you weren't in the office. 
 Well, I went to the Oaks to have some supper while I worked. 
 What was it like, Col? The City in the '80s? 
 Was it really as brutal as everyone says? 
 Why don't you just ask me outright, Simon? 
 Did it screw me up so much I could have killed someone? 
 Did it? 
 No, it didn't. 
 I know I've messed up here, hugely. But please... 
 .. please, can I never have to answer that question again? 
 Hello. 
 Hi. 
 I went for a drive. 
 To... think how I could explain to you what happened to me. 
 What happened to you? Someone did this to you, did they? 
 You had nothing to do with the decision? 
 Of course I had something to do with it. 
 What I wanted to explain was... 
 .. at that point in my life I believed -- wrongly, obviously -- that I had no other choice. 
 Since when does becoming a prostitute... 
 What has to have gone wrong for that to be the best option available? You weren't a kid, Sara. 
 This was 1989. You were 21. 
 And I, I know you lost your parents, and I know school hadn't worked out for you, and I know life had been tough, but this? 
 So please, please explain to me what happened in your life that made having s*x with men for money your only option? 
 I don't know. 
 I just... 
 .. I'd lost my way. 
 This man, the one that died? 
 I was abroad when he died. It wasn't me. 
 Where? 
 It was when I was in Italy. 
 You've heard me talk about Italy a million times. It was then. 
 And you can prove that, can you, with specific dates? 
 To you, or the police? 
 The police. 
 I don't know. I think so. 
 I think I have photos, but I'd need to check. 
 But if I can't, Hass, I swear on our children's lives whatever happened to him, it wasn't me. 
 I'll sleep in the spare room. 
 Please, Hassan -- 
 We never speak to anyone else about this, Sara. 
 It never leaves our house. 
 Please. Ever. 
 You've... You've broken my heart, my love. 
 You've broken my heart. 
 Thank you for coming with me. It helped, having you there. 
 You know, my kids aren't much younger than you, and, um, their dad... he died when they were little. 
 And I know it's different because you've only just learnt, but if you ever wanted to, um, compare notes, you know, over a beer, I think they'd be very happy to. 
 You... You know there's, um, something, not... right with me. 
 You... With my, ah... wiring. 
 So what I'm saying is, um, that I, I'd like a beer. 
 But I never really get asked, so, um, I might be sh1t at it. 
 Luckily they're both very good at beer. 
 So I'm sure they could show you the ropes. 
 Shall I text you some dates? 
 Yeah, I'd, I'd like that. 
 OK. 
 Thanks again. 
 Hope you feel better. 
 Thanks, sweetheart. 
 Bye, Mum. 
 Bye. 
 Yousef? 
 I'm late. 
 .. and we haven't been able to locate any details of your movements between your last contact with David and when you reported him missing. 
 Is it possible that you could just jot something down for us? 
 You want me to remember what I was doing for 48 hours 27 years ago? 
 Tragically, I'm sure those few days are engrained in your memory. 
 Yeah. I'll do my best. 
 Thank you, Tessa. 
 'Speak to you soon.' 
 Yeah. 
 OK. So what about Colin? 
 I presume a place like the Maudsley is secure? 
 Well, it'll have secure units, but it's not a prison, so I imagine if you wanted to get out, you could. 
 To kill a man? 
 Fran's talking to the hospital today, checking up on what records they have. 
 And any joy with Sinead Quinn? 
 Not yet. 
 We know she was released from Holloway under the Good Friday agreement. 
 Yeah. 
 But that's about it so far. 
 OK. 
 Marion? Zoe was supposed to be here for an 11:30 chemo. 
 Oh. Do you want me to call her parents? 
 No, it's all right. I'll do it. 
 Mr Osborne left us in late 1990, following an incident here on the evening of March 16, 1990. 
 An allegation was made by a temp, Maria Gonzalez, that at some point during a bonus celebration party, a serious sexual assault was perpetrated by Mr Osborne on her in an office lavatory cubicle. 
 What, sexual assault? 
 She said he raped her. 
 Sorry -- we've done a full sweep of Mr Osborne's criminal history, and there's no record of any rape allegation. 
 Well, no, there -- there wouldn't be. 
 Um... it was handled internally. 
 For various reasons, it was never reported to the police. 
 Sorry! 
 Are you dumb, bruv? 
 Yousef! What's up? 
 You're not under arrest. 
 You're free to end this interview whenever you like. 
 I'm just going to ask, Sara, what sort of services you offered. 
 Just normal. 
 Just straight s*x? 
 Yeah. 
 Which is what your friend Samira Khan said. 
 However, we do now know that, ah, David Walker's sexual tastes were not that normal. 
 He both liked to hurt and be hurt by women. 
 University College Hospital, less than 100 yards from your old Kings Cross flat. do you remember attending UCH A&E on 16 February 1990? 
 The same day, in fact, that you sent your address to David Walker's pager? 
 No. 
 The hospital records show that you presented with a suspected dislocated jaw. 
 You don't recall sustaining this rather serious injury? 
 Not really. 
 It was an occupational hazard. 
 Well, indeed. 
 We were wondering if it was David Walker that inflicted this injury. 
 I don't remember him. 
 And next time he turned up, he got even more violent with you -- - No. and in self-defence... 
 No. I don't remember this man. 
 When he was murdered, I was living in Italy. 
 So you say you left the UK in March, Sara, and went to Europe for nine months. 
 I don't "say" it. I did. 
 Where did you stay? 
 Hostels, pensions. I moved around. 
 Was that on your own? 
 Yeah. 
 Did you work? 
 Yeah. In bars and clubs. 
 So you have no payslips, or... 
 It was cash in hand. 
 Did you make any friends who could vouch for you? 
 I made friends, yeah. The sort you do on holiday. 
 But none I could remember 30 years later. 
 Mm. 
 We just need some proof, Sara, that you -- 
 You've already said. 
 Check passport records, or however you do it. 
 We're in the process of doing that. But it's not that easy. 
 So anything else you can give us will be enormously helpful. 
 OK. Thank you for your time. 
 Sorry -- one thing. 
 Just upping sticks like that and heading off abroad for nine months -- it's quite a big deal, isn't it? 
 Anything in particular prompt that move? 
 It wasn't any one thing, if that's what you're implying. 
 It was my life. 
 I knew if I'd stayed any longer, I would have died. 
 And I wanted to live. 
 We'll be in touch. 
 Her parents thought she was here. 
 So when I called, they looked in her room and found her diary. 
 Were you drinking with her two nights ago? 
 Absolutely not. I mean, I -- I was in the pub, but I went there on my own. 
 But you told her to leave? She was under age, and it was completely inappropriate? 
 Yes, I did. 
 Then can you explain why it says in her diary that you bought her a Malibu and orange? 
 I bought her one drink. 
 Oh. 
 I let her sit with me for two minutes, and then I left. 
 OK. 
 Well, I need to speak to my line manager. 
 I think you need to go home. 
 What? 
 How can you not get, you completely overstepped the boundaries? 
 Nicola, please -- 
 She's a 17-year-old kid, with a very weakened immune system. 
 You're meant to be caring for her, not getting her drunk. 
 Your judgement's gone. 
 I'm so sorry. I, I... 
 I'm not in a good place at home. 
 A few things in my personal life that's going wrong. 
 Can I please speak to the parents? 
 No, you're going nowhere near them. 
 They're on their way here, and they're not happy. 
 Go home, Marion. 
 Did she say anything in her diary about where she was going? 
 No, and she's not answering her phone. 
 No one has any idea where she is. 
 And it was a woman who made the allegation? 
 'Yes. Why?' 
 Because Colin Osborne's gay. 
 Right... 
 Well, I'm going to try and track her down, and I've got the name of the lawyer from Klein Egerton who handled it at the time. I think he's still alive. 
 We'll speak to you later. 
 'OK, guv.' 
 Maybe it was this that prompted his breakdown. 
 The timing seems a bit coincidental, doesn't it? 
 Though how it connects to David Walker... 
 If it even does. 
 If it even does. Yeah. 
 You took your time. 
 Whatever it is, bro, it can't be that bad. 
 Mate, I'm telling you. 
 Yeah. Except you ain't. 
 You've got to swear, Mus, you never tell anyone. 
 Not Ollie, not Piot -- no one. 
 I promise, man. It's cool. 
 'This is Zoe. Leave a voicemail.' 
 'Marion? You OK?' 
 I'm in trouble, Tony. 
 Where are you? 
 'Borough Market.' 
 Stay there. I'm coming now. 
 We need more. 
 We need to buy furniture and stuff. 
 We haven't enough. 
 I told your boyfriend, no more. 
 I'll tell about the car. 
 Go ahead, tell. 
 You're not getting another f*cking cent out of me. 
 'Boss?' 
 Jake. 
 I just had a phone call off the woman that researched the society photos of David Walker. 
 Right. The woman from the local conservative party office? 
 Yeah. Name of Mandy Halcross. 
 It turns out she's worked there for years in one capacity or another, but her very first job there was in 1989. 
 Her mum ran the canteen, and she helped out in the summer holidays. 
 'Right.' 
 So she was 12 years old in the summer of '89. 
 'She'd never told anyone this before, because she's always felt too ashamed, but she just told me that during that five-week holiday period, on two separate occasions, David Walker sexually assaulted her.' 
 'Boss, are you there?' 
 Yeah, I'm here. 
 How credible did you feel she was? 
 Well, there were no witnesses, there'll be no forensic, the suspect's dead, so all I've got to go on here is instinct. 
 'I believed her.' 
 'It's nearly 30 years since this happened to her.' 
 I'm the first person she's ever told, and... 
 .. it still ripped her apart when she did. 
 'There are no newspapers involved. There's no conspiracy website.' 
 'She has absolutely nothing to gain by telling me what she did.' 
 So yeah, I believed her, 100%. 
 Get everyone together for a full briefing. 
 We'll be back in half-an-hour. 
 'Guv.' 
 I don't know the man they're asking about! I'd never have hurt anyone! 
 I mean, I know you know that, but... the thing is, the police found out other stuff about some people I... hung about with in the '80s, that I shouldn't have. 
 What people? 
 I, I lived in a flat, I shared a flat, I shared a... 
 I shared a bed, with a woman... 
 .. called Sinead Quinn, who... 
 She was a... 
 .. a Republican. 
 What do you mean, a republican? 
 An Irish Republican. IRA. 
 No! 
 I was f*cked up, Tony. I -- 
 When was this? 
 It was in the late '80s. 
 This -- this is Enniskillen! 
 This is the Baltic Exchange! How long were you with her? 
 Not more than a year. 
 A YEAR? 
 I never met -- I never saw any -- 
 You slept with someone who thinks blowing up kids is -- 
 But like I said, I was messed up, Tony. 
 Oh, we know you were messed up. 
 We've known for years. What no one has the remotest idea of is why! 
 Jesus Christ. 
 How two sisters, with exactly the same upbringing -- 
 I was wondering how long it'd be till you brought my sister in. 
 I'm not bringing her in -- 
 If she's so marvellous, Tony, why didn't you just marry her? You always wanted to f*ck her! 
 Do you know, I have no idea who you are. 
 Really? 
 Oh, that's it? Walk away? Off you go! 
 Bye! 
 You know what, Marion? 
 I'm beginning to think you could have done anything! 
 If he abused a kid, I don't give a toss what happened to him in the past. 
 In fact, if he was abused as a kid, it makes it almost worse. 
 He'd know. He'd know how appalling it was. 
 Except he would have been a very messed-up human being himself. 
 Obviously. 
 Yeah. Sorry, I don't buy that. 
 What do you mean, you don't buy that? 
 It's just a fact. 
 It's not my opinion, it's a f... 
 Oh, for God's sake. Come on, move, move! 
 
 
 
 Yus! What's up? 
 Oh my days, Jamal. 
 You'll never guess what. 
 What? 
 Well, he told me not to say anything. 
 What? 
 Seriously, what do you mean, you don't buy it? 
 Do you really want to get into this? 
 A person who's been sexually abused as a child would be very damaged. 
 Yes, and? It doesn't give them a right to abuse other kids, does it? 
 No, of course it doesn't. Bloody right. 
 I'm not trying to justify it. 
 I mean trying to understand. 
 Understanding paedophiles. Nice. 
 No, no. Hang on, hang on. When a kid who's been abused goes off the rails and does something awful, we don't just dismiss them as monsters, do we? 
 No, because they're children. 
 Right. Right. 
 So when does that kid suddenly stop deserving some understanding? 
 Was it on their 10th birthday? Or their 12th? Their 14th? 
 How about when they're an adult? 
 Ah -- no. 
 That's when we let them take proper responsibility, punish them and protect society from them. 
 Why the hell does it also mean we stop trying to understand them? 
 So maybe they don't do it again. 
 Because most abuse victims don't go and abuse others. 
 The ones that do choose to, and that is definitely beyond my understanding. 
 Are we done? 
 So as of today, we are splitting the investigation into two strands. 
 The first will follow our existing line of enquiry, that one of our persons of interest murdered David Walker because of some connection around the time of his death. 
 Sara Mahmoud's as a prostitute. 
 We're looking at a possible IRA motive with Marion Kelsey. 
 His wife remains of interest, for obvious reasons. 
 And then Colin Osborne, the only person so far that we've conclusively proved actually met David Walker. 
 Murray, I want you to focus all your attention now on finding the Klein Egerton temp, Maria Gonzalez, and Fran, we really need to speak to Sinead Quinn. 
 Any news yet on Colin and Sara's alibis for May 8? 
 We're still waiting on both. 
 OK, so keep on that. 
 And then, we move into very different territory. 
 We already know David Walker had a lot of secrets. 
 And now it seems we've just found another. 
 So myself, Jake and DI Khan are starting a second line of enquiry, to investigate if David Walker was murdered not because he was going to expose what happened to him, 30 years before his death, and not because of any of these reasons, but maybe as retribution for sexual abuse he committed himself. 
 Now, two of these at least, Colin Osborne and Sara Mahmoud, have dysfunction in their lives very consistent with childhood trauma. 
 All of them seem to have had some sort of connection with David Walker in the months before he died. 
 I think we have to consider the possibility that one, and maybe all of them, were victims of David Walker as children, and then, years later, took their revenge. 
 So I want to interrogate every single aspect of David Walker's adult life, from when he left school to when he died. 
 OK? 
 [Yes, ma'am.] 
 Thank you. 
 I assume we're going to speak to the wife first? 
 Why don't I do her? 
 Start chasing down his past. 
 Right... but obviously she can't read anything, because you've got a password on it? 
 Oh, Jesus, Col. 
 I kept meaning to. I just -- 
 I forgot. I'm sorry. 
 Right. Well, what is on there, then, that we need to be worried about? 
 Um, you texted me after I told you about the police interviewing me. 
 Oh, you are joking! Jesus, Colin! 
 No! 
 OK. Look. 
 She's a smack addict. 
 Chances are, ten minutes after she nicked it, she sold it for 20 quid. 
 Chances are, we will be fine. 
 Daddy!... 
 OK? 
 I think it's all going to be absolutely fine. Coming! 
 How? 
 I'm not sure. 
 I guess he must have heard us last night. 
 You know, told someone, who told someone. 
 I think the school might know as well. 
 So we'll have to tell the other two. 
 My colleague, DI Khan, is speaking to Mrs Halcross again now. 
 But from the conversation we've already had with her, we're fairly confident that we're talking about the indecent assault of a child under 13. 
 If this is true, I promise you, I knew nothing, absolutely nothing about it. 
 Which is why I know you'll want to help us as much as you can. 
 You don't need to use that, that voice we use to make them think we're their friend. 
 I'll tell you what I know because I'm a decent person, not because I think you like me. 
 When we first met, you mentioned that David did some voluntary work. 
 What sort of stuff exactly? 
 He worked at our local hospital, and at a nearby reform school. 
 He did stuff for a local children's charity. 
 I'm going to need an exact list, please. 
 Names of the institutions, and dates. 
 And the... the timeline I asked for, detailing your movements in the days before his death. 
 Jason, Jason -- no! 
 No, he was in tears afterwards. 
 'Ah. Good.' 
 He was incredibly apologetic. 
 I just think he's got enough crap to deal with right now. 
 'Assaulting a police officer...' 
 It wasn't an assault. 
 It's a serious offence, guv. 
 'No, it was an accident.' 
 'He was... highly emotional.' 
 'I don't care whether it was an accident or not!' 
 Then fine. 
 Let's just hope he doesn't go on to do something more serious, eh? 
 I'll see you tomorrow. 
 'Night.' 
 Grub's up. 
 What is it? 
 You're drying up. What is it you want? 
 Just thought it might make you smile. 
 Cos you haven't, in a while. 
 That's rubbish. I smile loads. 
 Do you? 
 Well, I would, if you two didn't spend half your lives trying to drive me round the bloody bend. 
 We don't do it deliberately. 
 I'm sorry, Gem. It's just... 
 I've worked hard, and I'm tired. 
 Do you want us to stay at Mum's this weekend, give you some time off? 
 No. 
 Not at all. 
 We thought we'd tell you the truth before you heard it anywhere else. 
 I'll speak to the school tomorrow, and let them know what's happened. 
 What are my friends gonna say? 
 It might be an idea for you to take a few days off, till things blow over. 
 You know the way I feel with it, Ali? 
 I just see that woman as a different person. 
 Sara Alazi was not your mum. 
 Sara Mahmoud is who she is. 
 Your lovely mum, my lovely wife. 
 They'll rip the piss out of me! 
 Ali, there's no need to swear. 
 It's disgusting! Disgusting! 
 Sweetheart, please. I'm sorry. 
 Get off me! 
 Ali, stop it. 
 Get off me! 
 What the hell have you done? 
 Don't blame me. 
 You told everyone! 
 She's the one who did it in the first place! 
 She? Who the hell's SHE? 
 Leave me alone! 
 That's your mother! 
 Ahmed! Shush! Calm down. 
 So where is he now? 
 Egham. They moved there from Winchester. 
 But you've not been there? 
 Not yet. 
 So you are planning to go? 
 Yes. 
 And what are you planning on saying when you go to Egham? 
 With his wife there, who probably never knew anything about it either? 
 I'll wait, till he goes outside on his own. 
 Right. What, and follow him? 
 OK. 
 And then what, Shoestring? 
 I'll introduce myself. 
 Mm. Mm. 
 So talk me through that. 
 "Hi, I'm Martin. You had s*x with my wife 20 years ago -- 
 I just wondered if we could chat." 
 That is probably borderline illegal, what you're doing, anyway, and I can't imagine for one second it's going to make you feel better. 
 I mean, he's rich, and hilarious, and supersmart. 
 Does that make you feel better? 
 Or he's a horrible runty little goblin with halitosis. 
 Does that? 
 Or he's ordinary. Like you. Like me. 
 Don't make a joke of it, please, with Adam. 
 What do you mean, a joke? 
 You do that sometimes. 
 You find everything funny. 
 I absolutely do not. 
 Hey, guys. 
 Hi. 
 Hi. 
 What happened to your face? 
 Oh, it's a, it's a work thing. 
 Granddad, have you been beating Mum again? 
 Not yet, but give it a few days. She's a cheeky little sod. 
 Right. Beer. And you can make an old man very happy by telling him about your girlfriend. 
 I have to put my child first, Tess. 
 I know you'll understand that. 
 He'd never hurt Becca. He loves her. 
 I'm not really talking about physical violence. 
 No... No, no, Paul. 
 She's 15. 
 How can you even begin to... 
 You clearly had no idea what sort of person your husband was. 
 Why should it be any different with Jason? 
 Cos I'm his mother. 
 And he's his father's son. 
 I'm sorry. I really am. 
 But Becca's my only concern right now. 
 I'll call you. 
 I'll be staying at my sister's for now. 
 I just need a little time to work out what's best for us all. 
 I do love you. 
 Sara? 
 Sara! 
 Sara, are you there? 
 Can you hear me, Sara? 
 I just want you to know, we're all here for you if you want to talk. 
 Any of you. 
 Well, yes. There were some rumours, about how Mr Walker was with some of the kids on the ward. 
 Personally, I never saw anything, of course. 
 Of course. 
 Yeah. Quinn. 
 Yeah, that's right. 
 She was released as part of the Good Friday agreement. 
 We are looking for any kind of address after December '99. 
 We'll be grateful. 
 It was a kids' charity, and Walker was a volunteer. 
 Well, we did have suspicions about him, but obviously I didn't know anything for sure, or I would have reported it. 
 Obviously. 
 How was your mum? 
 Irritating. 
 Any word from Zoe? 
 Yeah. She's texted her parents. 
 She's fine, but, um, well, she's two days now without any care, so... 
 What about us? 
 I don't know. That's up to you, I suppose. If you can forgive me. 
 No, Maz. It isn't up to me. 
 Because ever since I've known you, there's been this great big wall around you. 
 It's always stopped me getting past a certain point. 
 And the simple fact is, that if you want us to survive... 
 .. you've got to take it down. 
 Mr Osborne. Mr Osborne? Mr Osborne! 
 Sorry? 
 Your daughter's school called. 
 You were meant to pick her up an hour ago. 
 Oh! Sorry. Excuse me. Sorry. 
 Hey, you! 
 I'm so, so sorry! 
 Yes, I was at that reform school. 
 Yes, we all knew what David Walker was. 
 But we were kids who'd broken the law. 
 Who was ever going to believe a word we said? 
 The truth is, a lot of them didn't mind anyway, cos if they got friendly with him, did want he wanted... 
 .. they'd get invited to the gatherings. 
 The gatherings? 
 Sinead Quinn? 
 You're a hard woman to find. 
 DC Fran Lingley. I wonder if you spare me five minutes of your time? 
 He just got his days mixed up. 
 What I would say is, if you felt a family session could help... 
 .. to talk about time management... 
 Yeah, absolutely. Great idea. 
 Do you need to get that? 
 Yeah, sorry. That's probably him on his way back home with Flora. 
 'No problem. I'll get you get off, and tell him not to worry.' 
 'We've all been there.' 
 Great. Thank you, Janet. 
 Speak tomorrow. 
 'OK, great. Bye.' 
 Hello? 
 'Is that Simon?' 
 Who's that? 
 It's Tyler. How are you doing? 
 What do you want? 
 Straight to the point. I like that. 
 And since you ask, what we want is 20 grand, or we'll tell social services about your husband being interviewed in connection with a murder. 
 Our witness, Ellen Harriet Price, told us that a number of these... gatherings took place between 1981 and 1983. 
 They were held at a house in Brentford, and Walker was a regular, as were a number of other men, from various walks of life. 
 But most importantly, they were also regularly attended by children from local care homes, local Borstals and the streets. 
 Now, these vulnerable kids were plied with drink, and offered drugs, and then, on a number of occasions, sexually assaulted. 
 Now, I think we need to consider the possibility that one of these people was taken to this house, assaulted by Walker, and then, eight or nine years later, they've come across him again and decided to take revenge. 
 The question is, which? 
 The IRA wouldn't have touched her with a shitty stick. 
 Right. 
 She was a messed-up, middle-class kid wanting to piss off Mummy and Daddy. 
 In fact, her commitment to the cause was pretty accurately demonstrated when the police knocked on her door about me a few years later. 
 Did you ever see her with this man? 
 No. 
 But she showed me a photo of him once. 
 Really? 
 This man? Are you sure? 
 Yeah, I'm sure. 
 In what context? 
 She said he worked for the Tories, had connections with Thatcher. 
 She thought he was a potential target. 
 Target? 
 We weren't interested. Too small-time. 
 But aye, she wanted us to kill him. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 