Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x03 - Episode 3 - Unforgotten 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x03 - Episode 3 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=462&t=30649 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/19/17 19:38 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x03 - Episode 3 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 David Walker died as a result of a single stab wound. 
 We're looking for his killer. 
 I don't recognise him, I'm afraid. 
 Do you think there's a chance that he was a client when you worked as a prostitute? 
 Please say you don't need to tell anyone this. 
 I'm trying to think of other reasons why a man would have a prostitute's address. 
 It's the same conversation a wife would have with her husband. 
 We didn't row and it didn't get out of hand and I didn't accidentally kill him. 
 This travel card was found in an office desk of his. 
 That definitely a six, or could it be a zero? 
 I didn't ring Zoe's parents, sweetheart. 
 I would never do something like that. 
 I just thought your temper issues were so in the past. 
 How much? 
 £5,000. 
 If we tell Janet, we could lose Flo. 
 Sorry, no. No idea. 
 I was working in the city at the time, so... 
 As a lawyer? 
 Banker, I'm afraid. 
 I've spoken to the friend again about David's problems. 
 He said he'd been abused at his primary school by a teacher. 
 ♪ All we do is hide away ♪ 
♪ All we do is, all we do is hide away ♪ 
♪ All we do is lie and wait ♪ 
♪ All we do is, all we do is lie and wait ♪ 
♪ I've been upside-down ♪ 
♪ I don't wanna be the right way round ♪ 
♪ Can't find paradise on the ground ♪ 
 So, if David was at primary school in the mid-'50s, we'd be looking at a possible abuser who's, what, in their... early 80s now? 
 Which obviously rules out any of the people we're currently talking to. 
 Unless the murder was committed on behalf of the abuser. 
 What, the primary school teacher ordered a hit? 
 Walker allegedly confronted him 25 years later. 
 The teacher could have been anything by then. 
 And with everything to lose if David had gone to the police. 
 Well, look, let's keep an open mind about that. 
 OK, so, Colin Osborne, he worked at Klein Egerton in the late '80s, but then he leaves... very suddenly. It's only about a month or so before David died. 
 Now, it's probably a complete coincidence, but can you speak to them, please? 
 Yeah. 
 And then Sara Alazi, so, she says that she was living in Rome between erm... March and December 1990. 
 Can you speak to the border agency and see if... how we can confirm that? 
 Yeah. 
 Well, I think... 
 Yeah, that's it. 
 Thanks, everyone, go home now... and sleep. 
 OK, listen, tell you what, you put your pyjamas on, brush your teeth, I'll be back upstairs in two minutes, you show me what a big grown-up girl you are, OK? Good girl. 
 One other option. 
 You let him go to the police... and then you just deny it. 
 You're a lawyer, he's a drug addict who's just had his stepdaughter taken away from him. 
 Why on Earth would the police believe a word he says? 
 And what if there was CCTV in the supermarket car park, or another witness... 
 We could easily check the CC... 
 No. 
 Sorry. 
 But... this is the simplest way. 
 I love you. 
 And have you told me everything, Col? 
 What do you mean? 
 That thing you do... that you've always done. 
 That part of you you keep from me. 
 I've told you everything, I promise. 
 Coming, ready or not. 
 Tess, I think we should postpone the holiday. 
 Why? 
 I just think none of us are in the right frame of mind, you won't be able to relax and... 
 Why would I not be able to relax? 
 Because of what's happening at your work. 
 Work's fine. 
 Why would I not be able to relax? 
 Do you know what he said to her before we arrived? 
 About wanting to hurt someone? 
 Listen... 
 Jason is angry and confused. 
 And I get that, of course I do, and you also have to get how that might spook a 15-year-old. 
 Well, yeah, maybe, until her dad very quickly reassured her that Jason is simply trying to process an incredibly traumatic event. 
 And that, actually, he is the gentlest... kindest man in the world, which obviously you did, yeah? 
 Sure. 
 Yeah. Good. 
 And are you OK? 
 Ch... 
 I'm as fine as a woman who's just learnt her late husband was murdered is ever gonna be. 
 Paul, you don't seem to be really understanding that. 
 Well, no. 
 No, I have to admit I am finding certain things a little surprising. 
 Oh, right. Well, what things are those? 
 Well, this all happened nearly 30 years ago, it's another lifetime ago... but it seems to be really affecting you. 
 Oh, right, OK. And there's a manual, is there, on how to deal with something like this? 
 Am I not following the manual, Paul? 
 I don't know, but... I have to admit, you are... beginning to ever-so-slightly scare me. 
 Scare you? 
 And I'm wondering if there's anything you need to tell me. 
 No. 
 There's nothing I need to tell you. 
 Sara, how nice to see you. 
 Is everything OK? Sara? 
 Hello. 
 I'll come down. Thank you. 
 Jason? 
 Hi. 
 Hi, er... I'm DCI Cassie Stuart, I'm leading the investigation into your father's death. 
 Can I just say how sorry I am for your loss? 
 Erm... thank you. 
 Would... Would you like to erm... go and find somewhere a bit more private? 
 No, I just... I just wanted to know when I could visit him. 
 Right. 
 Are you really sure that's a good idea? 
 He's my dad. 
 No, I understand. 
 Better surely to... remember him how he was. 
 Except I don't... hardly... remember him how he was. 
 I mean, my mum made me a memory box after he went, with lots of stuff of his in it... and there's a jumper in it that I used to smell to remind me of him. 
 Except it's gone now, the smell. 
 I used it all up, I guess. 
 And I actually need to... see him. 
 I just... I just wanna be with him. 
 OK? I want to say goodbye. 
 Can you leave this with me? 
 Have you got a number I can call you back on? 
 Yeah, erm... use the mobile. 
 Right. I'll come back to you as soon as I can. 
 Thank you, DCI Stuart. 
 Cassie, please, and really, there's no need for thanks. 
 All right, see you. 
 And what year would that have been, Mr Gregory? 
 Er... well, from when he was about seven till when the teacher left... about a year later. 
 So, that would be, what, 1958,'59? 
 Roughly. 
 Did Mr Walker give you the teacher's name? 
 No. 
 Or if he did tell me, I don't remember it. 
 Sorry to ask this, but did he ever give you any specific details about the abuse? 
 It was bad. Proper... rape and stuff. 
 Did he ever report it? I mean, is there any record of it? 
 As far as I know, he told no-one. 
 I mean... kids just didn't then, did they? Just kept it all in. 
 Now, you said to a colleague of mine that you... 
 "often thought it was why he lived his life the way he did." 
 What did you mean by that? 
 The women... the drink and drugs to blot it all out, all that... shame and guilt. 
 So, he had drug issues? 
 Yeah, you could say that. 
 And did he have relationships outside his marriage? 
 Yes, he... he did have affairs... but mainly I was talking about prostitutes. 
 Right. 
 In fact, that's kind of why we stopped seeing each other. 
 I wasn't remotely interested in that sort of thing and we just kind of drifted apart. 
 And this was when? 
 Mid-'80s, I guess. 
 But then in about '87, he rang me, out of the blue, and we hooked up again. 
 We went out for a beer a few times, which was when he told me about Firdown, the school where it all happened. 
 Do you happen to know if he ever told his wife about the things that happened to him there? 
 He told me he'd never been able to. 
 For whatever reason, the only people he ever spoke to about it were me and... when he tracked him down, the teacher himself. 
 So you know for a fact that he actually spoke to him? 
 He found out where he lived, went to his house. 
 And what did the teacher say? 
 Denied it all, of course. 
 Then got abusive... then threatened him. 
 My PA was meant to have called you, I'm so sorry, total cock-up. 
 But my hands are tied, Tess. 
 If you have access to any intelligence relating to the investigation, and it turned out that you were... in some way... 
 So, you can take a back-office role. 
 HR, training, or take some time off, take some leave. 
 I'll stay. 
 This was him about a year before he died. 
 No, I don't recognise him, I'm afraid. Sorry. 
 So, can you think of any reason erm... why this address might have been written on a travel card... found in his office desk? 
 Ooh. 
 Absolutely no idea. 
 When did you say he died? 
 We think some time in about early May 1990. 
 Well, maybe the person that wrote this just wrote down the wrong address. 
 Well, that's certainly a very real possibility. 
 So, can I just check if anyone else was living here in 1990? 
 Oh, it would have been just me and my husband. He's passed away now. 
 Hang on. When was that time Daddy and I were in America and Marion broke in? 
 Mum was winding me up and I knew it'd annoy the arse off her to tell her that you meant more to me than her, so I did. 
 Which is very sweet of you, Zoe, and you mean an awful lot to me, too, but all I'm saying, all anyone is saying... is we just need to keep that relationship professional and within the boundaries of the hospital. 
 Soz. 
 I owe you an apology. 
 What for? 
 It was Zoe who told her parents about the phone conversation. 
 Oh, right, not a problem. Listen, that's not why I'm calling. 
 A police officer's just been round here. 
 Sorry? 
 Yeah, she'd already been round to your mum's, and then Elise gave her our address. 
 What did she want? 
 She said she was investigating an historic crime and that she wanted to ask you a couple of questions. 
 She didn't tell me anything more than that, so I rang Elise. 
 She said she'd been trying to get hold of you but your mobile went straight to voicemail. 
 I was on the ward. 
 But Elise said she'd told her that it was about a murder dating back to 1990. 
 They've only just found the body apparently. 
 So, her married name is Kelsey, but she was single in 1990, so can you run a check under her maiden name, which is "Marion Dunphy"? 
 OK. 
 And how did it go with James Gregory? 
 Interesting. Er... according to him, David definitely did use prostitutes and on a fairly industrial level. 
 Jesus. Do you know, I just... I met his son this morning? 
 What a nightmare this is gonna be for him. 
 It's gonna get worse. Walker was into some really weird stuff. 
 Like? 
 Violent kind of weird. 
 Tying up, S&M stuff. 
 And did Gregory think his wife knew about it? 
 Erm... he thinks not. 
 So, the other possibility is that he went too far with Sara Mahmoud and she... she attacked him back, and then he died as she tried to defend herself somehow. 
 Er... OK. OK, can we just be... very careful how we share this information for now? 
 Yeah, of course. 
 Obviously, we'll need to speak to Sara Mahmoud, again, and Tessa Nixon. 
 Yeah, I'll set up both. 
 Oh, and what about Firdown, David's school? 
 Well, I spoke to the current head. 
 And? 
 She was suitably appalled. I mean, without a name she wasn't sure how she could help us. 
 This is abuse that is alleged to have occurred about 10 years before pretty much the oldest current teacher was even born. 
 Right. 
 Even identifying a possible suspect is gonna be as good as impossible. 
 On top of that, there's a really good chance that whoever David Walker was talking about is already dead. 
 Hm. Right, OK. I'll see you later. 
 Colin Osborne and I both started on the same day, and we were kids, really. 
 I'd come straight from Cambridge, Colin from Kingston. 
 They recruited from a poly? 
 Oh, they took Colin. 
 Because? 
 He got the highest marks in the aptitude test anyone had ever scored. 
 And he went on to do well here? 
 He did extremely well. 
 He worked ridiculously hard, but more importantly, he had serious nuts. 
 If he'd stayed, he'd have ended up running the place. 
 Did you get any sense of why he did leave so suddenly? 
 No, I mean, I worked with him and I liked him, but I didn't really know him well, he was quite a reserved man. 
 One day, he was here, the next, he was just gone? 
 Have you spoken to Colin about this? 
 Mr Osborne's helping us with our enquiries. 
 I'd need to take advice before answering any more questions. 
 I'm not sure of our position on discussing Colin's departure. 
 What's the best number for me to contact you on? 
 Why don't I call you when you've spoken to who you need to? 
 What's the best number to get you on? 
 If you could call us back when you pick this up, please, Mrs Mahmoud, it'd be good to talk further. 
 Thank you. 
 'If you could call us back when you pick this up, please, Mrs Mahmoud,' it'd be good to talk further. 
 Colin? 
 Sorry, drifted off for a minute. Erm... what were you saying? 
 Er... Janet was just asking if there are any issues, any difficulties, anything at all that we feel it would be useful for her to know. 
 No, no difficulties at all. 
 And how we doing at bedtimes? 
 Us or Flo? 
 Both. 
 Yeah, no, good as gold, really. 
 She sleeps really well and is full of beans in the morning. 
 And how are her nightmares? 
 Hasn't had any. 
 I think everything really changed when we got her here full-time... 
 Hi, there. Marion Kelsey? 
 Hello. 
 DCI Cassie Stuart? 
 Have you got five minutes for a quick chat? 
 Ooh, yes. Yeah, sure. 
 No, sorry. Who is he? 
 His name was David Walker. 
 He ran a small chain of clubs in the '80s. 
 I've never been a clubber myself. 
 No, me neither. 
 The music's always too loud for me. 
 Mm. 
 Well, obviously, as you know, we've spoken to your mum and sister... and she seemed to think that you might have been living in her house at some point in early 1990? 
 Did she say I broke in? 
 Well, she did, yes, actually. 
 My father was on a lecture tour of America for three months and I was temporarily homeless, so... I had a key, let myself in and stayed there for a few days, if that's breaking in. 
 Sure. 
 Well, as you say, it couldn't have been her that gave that address out because she was abroad, so could it have been you? 
 Sure. 
 Oh, OK, erm... but you don't have any recollection of doing so? 
 From some time in 1990? No, sorry. 
 OK, no problem. 
 So, your mum said that you left home in about 1985? 
 Yep. 
 And you stayed in London? 
 Yeah. 
 Whereabouts? 
 Various places. 
 And was 32 Smoke Lane one of them? 
 I was there for a while, yeah. 
 This was the address, in fact, that you gave after you were arrested in 1988 for assaulting a police officer... 
 I never assaulted anyone. 
 .. at a demonstration in North London. 
 A policeman attacked me, I was defending myself. 
 For which you were found guilty at Horseferry Road Magistrates' Court and fined £100. 
 You look like a smart woman to me. 
 I'm sure you couldn't be so spectacularly dim as to suggest that a police officer from the '80s... well, f*ck it, from any point in the last 50 years, actually, couldn't have lied? 
 I'm not sure why you're being so defensive, Marion. 
 I'm being defensive because I was on a perfectly legal march, exercising my right to protest, and I was assaulted by a police officer. 
 And you're now trying to imply that I have some kind of violent past, and that therefore, I must be connected in some way to this unfortunate man's tragic death. 
 And I find that annoying, I'm sorry. 
 Are we done? Cos I have a very busy ward. 
 Sure. 
 Great. Nice to meet you. 
 And you. And if we need to speak to you again... we'll be in touch. 
 So, there are no records that can confirm whether Sara Mahmoud/Alazi was or wasn't in the UK. 
 We're checking with all the main airlines for flights to Rome in March 1990, but I've been told not to hold my breath. 
 OK, keep pushing them, we do need to be able to confirm where she was at the time of David Walker's death. 
 Absolutely. 
 I've left her a message to call us back. 
 OK. Jake, where are we with the photos? 
 I went through Tessa Nixon's, unfortunately, she said she chucked out most of the ones of her husband about 15 years ago. 
 Why? - "Trying to lay ghosts to rest," she said. 
 Or bury them. 
 And I'm still waiting to hear back from the Tory Party offices about their photo archive. 
 OK. Murray? 
 I spoke to a senior guy at Klein Egerton today and there's definitely something odd about Colin's departure. 
 I don't know what it is, but I'm guessing they're gonna close ranks. 
 I'm on it. 
 Right, good stuff. 
 OK, following my rather prickly chat with Marion Kelsey earlier... we ran a tenancy check on the Smoke Lane address, and we've found... yes, one rather... interesting result. 
 So, this is... Sinead Mary Quinn. 
 Now, she lived at Smoke Lane from 1988 to 1991. 
 And then in 1992... Miss Quinn was in prison for 10 years for her role in suspected IRA activities. 
 So, we then went back to Marion Kelsey's arrest sheet and discovered that the march she was on was actually a protest march campaigning for the release of the Guildford Four. 
 So, we have one IRA activist, we have the murder of a Tory Party fundraiser, and linking them both... we have Marion Kelsey. 
 What did you tell them? What did you f*cking tell them? 
 Oi. So, since when did Monster Truck Mayhem become part of the maths syllabus? 
 It's problem-solving, innit? 
 Oh. 
 
 
 
 Confiscated, mate. 
 Dad. 
 He's addicted to this, we're gonna have to send him to the Priory. 
 Omar rang me this morning, said thank you for not sticking the petition back up. 
 I apologised on your behalf and told him that it must have been an oversight and that it would straight back up first thing tomorrow. 
 Love? 
 Yeah, sorry. Back to normal tomorrow. 
 It was a joke. 
 Sorry, I'm tired. 
 Do you want help with the interview later? 
 Yeah, thanks. 
 Are you all right? 
 Yeah, fine. 
 Hass? 
 Yeah. 
 I do love you. 
 Well, luckily, I do love you, too. 
 Lots. 
 Hey. 
 What are you doing here? 
 Nice to see you, too. 
 It's our local. 
 Our local? 
 The other kids on the ward. 
 Just trying to work out how many things are wrong with that sentence. 
 They don't serve anyone under 16, they don't let us get twatted, and they make us sit out the back so no-one can see us. 
 We tell 'em, "What's the worst that can happen? We've all got cancer." 
 Have you forgotten what we discussed this afternoon? 
 This is hospital grounds. Near as, anyway. 
 Malibu and orange, please. 
 She sounded out of control, Tony. 
 I mean, Mum was completely petrified, as was I. 
 I'm so sorry. 
 We never thought about why she came back when she did, we were just so grateful that she did. 
 But, I mean, you know, you don't think that she could... 
 No, no, I don't. She could never have... 
 No. 
 Look, I'll erm... I'll call you as soon as she gets in, OK? 
 OK. 
 Bye. 
 Bye. 
 'Hi, this is Marion.' 
 'I can't take your call right now, please leave a message.' 
 Why aren't you at home talking to your husband about it? 
 Talking to my husband about what? 
 Whatever it is that's making you unhappy. 
 Who says I'm unhappy? 
 You're a 48-year-old woman necking vodkas on your own 90 minutes after your shift has ended. 
 Do you think you know me, Zoe? 
 No. 
 Do you really think you have the first idea of who I really am? 
 No, but I know fear. 
 Trust me... I can spot fear a mile away. 
 Hey. 
 Hey, it's gonna be OK. 
 You have no idea. 
 Marion, please, please don't cry. 
 I've gotta go. 
 You can talk to me. 
 Really, can I? 
 Please, I wanna help you. 
 You're not my friend, Zoe, you're not my daughter, you're just another patient who I'll forget about as soon as you've gone. 
 Grow up. 
 And what did Tessa say? 
 That she had absolutely no idea. 
 'And did you believe her?' 
 Well, it's hard to tell on the phone but she seemed pretty stunned, so my guess is that James Gregory was right, David Walker never told her anything about the abuse. 
 And did she give a reason for why she never gave us his best friend's name and number? 
 Well, she said she didn't consider Gregory to be a close friend. 
 Which is er... fair enough, I suppose, given the little contact that he and Walker had had. 
 Or she just didn't want us to speak to him because what he told us gives her a motive. 
 Maybe. 
 Ah, listen, boss, I've gotta go, I need to shout at my children. 
 We also need to find Sinead Quinn. 
 Yeah, first thing. 
 Night, Sunny. 
 Night, boss. 
 Hiya. 
 Oh. 
 You scared me. 
 Ditto. I've been calling you. 
 Yeah, sorry, my phone was out of juice. 
 How'd it go with the policewoman? 
 Oh, yeah. No, it was fine... I didn't know the guy, so short and sweet. 
 Right. 
 So where have you been? Your shift finishes at 6:00, didn't it? 
 I went out with the girls, we had a few bevvies. 
 Right, I'm gonna have a bath. 
 Maz? 
 I've never pressed you, have I, to talk about the past? 
 All those years you never saw your family, I... 
 I've always just accepted that... it was a part of you that you didn't wanna re-visit. 
 But your sister rang and she said you were so unpleasant today to her and to your mum... and I need to ask you... is there anything you wanna talk about? 
 You make the past sound so much more interesting than it really is, Tony. 
 Yeah, my parents liked my sister more than me. 
 They got her in a way they didn't get me, and that makes me angry and so we row. 
 And that's it, I'm afraid, it's all rather boring. 
 Please don't walk away. 
 No, I'm tired and I want a bath. 
 No, Maz. Every time... all our life, whenever the conversation gets difficult, you just walk away. 
 Don't be tedious, love. 
 Or get nasty. Or both. 
 You know, one day, you're gonna come back... and find me gone. 
 Hiya. 
 Hiya, love. Sorry, I thought you'd gone to bed already. 
 Good day? 
 Yep. 
 You? 
 Yeah, yeah. You're late tonight. 
 You said when I was 70, I could stay out until 11:00. 
 Sorry. 
 What were you doing in Winchester, Dad? 
 I... I accidentally opened one of your bank statements. 
 I saw a debit card payment to South West Trains. 
 For a copper, you're a sh1t liar. 
 Yeah, I got it from you. 
 All right, I'll tell you, but... 
 I'd prefer not to talk about it afterwards... because I know what you're gonna say. 
 Deal. 
 I was looking for the bloke. 
 What bloke? 
 The one your mum was seeing. 
 Are you serious? 
 Yep. 
 OK. Why? 
 You see, that's... that's why I didn't wanna tell you... because I knew you wouldn't understand. 
 I'm just asking why, I'm not saying I don't understand. 
 Well, yes, the fact that you need to ask why, you are saying exactly that. 
 So, did you find him? 
 Oh, I'm gonna go to bed. Goodnight, love. 
 Dad? 
 Dad, don't be like that. 
 Dad. Dad? 
 This is it. 
 There's no more coming. 
 We don't want any more. 
 Thank you. 
 I will be a good father, Tyler, and I am a good man... but if you ever do anything to jeopardise our adoption of Flo... if you ever threaten my family's future happiness again... I will hurt you. 
 I will hurt you very f*cking badly. 
 What is going on, Colin? 
 Why didn't you tell me before? 
 That I was also being interviewed in connection with a murder? 
 I was terrified, Simon, and if Tyler had gone to the police and told them about me keying the car, and some sharp-eyed copper had cross-referenced the two cases... Janet and her department would be about to finalise an adoption by a man being interviewed in connection with two violent crimes. 
 And we would have lost her, Simon. 
 But I swear, I know nothing about this body. 
 On Flo's life, I have never heard of David Walker and I have absolutely no idea how he died. 
 Boss? 
 Mm, yeah. 
 I've just got these from Fulham Party Headquarters. 
 They erm... had these in old scrapbooks from the publicity of various magazines and newspapers. 
 The er... society sections. 
 Er... this one is from Hello! Magazine, the diary section. 
 But look at the caption below. 
 "Nightlife supremo David Walker... and party donor Colin Osborne at the CP Valentine's Day Ball". 
 The plot thickens, boss. The plot bloody well thickens. 
 "So, tell us, Miss Mahmoud, the recent Ofsted report identified Highbrook as having a serious truancy problem, particularly for the boys in the 13 to 15 age range. 
 What measures would you put in place to help motivate these boys to attend..." 
 Sara, what's the matter? 
 You've been acting really weird the last couple of days. What is it? Talk to me. 
 Not here. 
 I honestly have no recollection of ever having met this man. 
 OK, er... no problem. 
 Can we go back then to when you left Klein Egerton. 
 When we spoke to you before, you implied that you'd just had a change of heart? 
 I had. 
 We then spoke to a Hugh Moray, who was a colleague of yours at the bank. 
 We sensed from him that, actually, there was more to your departure than that. 
 You sensed? 
 He seemed reluctant to talk about it. 
 Well, he always was a decent guy. 
 Because he covered your back? 
 Because he respected my privacy. 
 So, when did you start training to become a lawyer? 
 Later that year. 
 That's October 1990, that's according to your... company website. 
 That sounds about right. 
 So, what did you do in the seven months off? 
 Where were you living? 
 Why does it matter? 
 OK. It matters, Colin, because I want to know where you were and what you were doing when David Walker was murdered. 
 You won't know this, but er... my partner and I... my husband are in the final stages of adopting a child. 
 And... whilst I've... I've never been dishonest with the adoption authorities, there is one fact that I haven't told them about. 
 And I truly believe that has no bearing whatsoever on my capabilities as a potential father. 
 I left Klein Egerton because I had a breakdown and... from early May until September 1990, I was sectioned in the Maudsley Hospital in South London. 
 Well, I'm sorry to hear that. 
 And there would be medical records to confirm this, would there? 
 Yes. 
 And you were sectioned because you were considered to be a danger to yourself or... 
 A danger to myself, yes, no-one else. 
 And this... this breakdown was caused by what? 
 I had a history of anxiety... and stress, and erm... it just came to a head. 
 Can you remember exactly when this was, when you went in? 
 Well, the date you're sectioned is not a date you easily forget. 
 6th of May, 1990. 
 Pretty solid alibi. 
 Fancy a quick coffee? Pick the bones out of that. 
 Yeah. Erm... actually, I've got a date down here, erm... so you head back, I'll get the train and maybe we can discuss later? 
 Hm. Yeah, no, right. Fine. 
 I'm sorry, I didn't know if she'd respond. 
 No, no. I've got to meet Walker's son anyway, so... 
 Yeah, we'll talk later. 
 I can give you a call about 9:00? 
 Yeah, only if that suits you. 
 Yeah, no, I'm sure it... does. 
 Good luck. 
 Thanks. 
 Everything's absolutely fine, I promise. 
 But do the police think she did anything? 
 Absolutely not, they just have to ask difficult questions of anyone who ever knew him, it's just procedure. 
 Do you want a snack? 
 No, thanks. 
 OK. Well, crack on with your revision. 
 The police came to see me at the school the other day. 
 They're investigating the murder of a man in 1990 who they believed I had a connection with. 
 And I know nothing about how he died, but... I probably did know him. 
 And I knew him... because... many years before I met you... and at a very low point in my life... I'd had s*x with him... for money. 
 Are you all right? 
 Yeah. 
 Do you want me to come in? 
 No, thank you. 
 Take as long as you need. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 