Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x06 - Episode 6 - Unforgotten 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x06 - Episode 6 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=462&t=43156 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/02/21 10:54 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x06 - Episode 6 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 ♪ All we do is hide away   ♪ All we do is, all we do is hide away   ♪ All we do is lie and wait   ♪ All we do is, all we do is lie and wait   ♪ I've been upside down   ♪ I don't wanna be the right way 'round   ♪ Can't find paradise on the ground ♪  So... 
 What did he tell you? 
 My dad? 
 Enough for me to know if you never want to talk about this again, then that's fine. 
 Or if you want to talk about it every day for the rest of your life, that's fine, too. 
 (BOTH LAUGHING) 
 - I'm doing it properly. 
 - I see you are. 
 (LAUGHING) 
 He was just very shocked when I introduced myself, and scared. 
 And he was babbling and kept repeating that it, didn't mean anything. 
 He kept on apologising, but I wasn't interested in apologies. 
 I didn't want contrition. 
 What I wanted was... 
 To understand. 
 And the only person who could help me do that was dead. 
 (DOOR CLOSES) 
 (DOOR CLOSES) 
 Does it ever cross your mind, Cass, we have a very limited pot of money and if we spend too much on an incredibly expensive and time consuming investigation in to   -year-old abuse, then we've got nothing to spend on a child that got abused last week. 
 Yes, of course. 
 And? 
 Would you like to come through? 
 And in terms of the bigger investigation, the murder investigation, where are you with that? 
 I don't know. 
 They questioned me again yesterday, but I have a watertight alibi. 
 And this was that you were sectioned in the Maudsley. 
 Twenty-six years ago, yes. 
 And for what it's worth, I did not kill David Walker. 
 Okay. 
 I just hope I have all the facts now. 
 I just need to, er, consider how best to proceed. 
 Yeah, of course. 
 - How long do you think it will be... 
 - I don't know. 
 I've never had to deal with anything remotely like this. 
 I'm sorry for snapping, but I'm... 
 I'm cross. 
 And disappointed. 
 And Flo? 
 Erm, Simon, could you could pick her up from school today? 
 - Yeah. 
 - Okay, thank you and, Colin, until I decide what to do, I need you to find somewhere else to stay, please. 
 Sure. 
 Sure. 
 And if the investigation goes away then maybe, we can get through this. 
 If it drags on, if, God forbid, you were charged and it went to trial, we could obviously never let you parent Flo. 
 You'd either have to move out permanently, and we'd have to consider Simon as a single parent, or if you both felt you couldn't do that, then we'd have to take her back. 
 You know I would actually get the boys DNA tested if I thought it would help you. 
 But I know you know it's nonsense. 
 You just wanted him gone. 
 Like me and Mum. 
 So that he couldn't ask you any more questions you didn't want to answer. 
 But Mum and I are not going anywhere. 
 I'm sorry. 
 Anyway, come on, do you want another cup of tea? 
 So for over two weeks now, we've all wrestled with this case. 
 Following one dead end after another, with the final nail in the coffin of the idea of Sara Mahmoud's possible guilt, coming last night, when her husband turned up out of the blue, with this. 
 Evidence she was in Italy at the time of Walker's death. 
 Which, er, was a blow. 
 Because we know that Sara knew Walker, and I reckon if we hunted hard enough, we could conclusively place her at a gathering Walker was at. 
 Given also we know what Walker liked to do to young girls, when he turns up at her flat, as a client, eight years later, she has the perfect motive for a revenge murder. 
 - Except the alibi is good. 
 - CASSIE: More than good. 
 It's watertight. 
 There's no way she could have killed him. 
 Question is, is it too good? 
 - You think it's faked somehow? 
 - No. 
 I think it's real, but what it feels like to me is, is a bunch of information collected by a woman who knew she'd need an alibi. 
 Which would mean, she'd have had to know that Walker was going to die? 
 Yes. 
 Okay, here goes, and, erm, stop me when it gets too mental. 
 So, we have three suspects who actually all have dysfunction consistent with abusive childhoods. 
 Drink issues, mental-health issues, relationship issues. 
 We have three people who, for my money, just tried too hard to look like they didn't know each other. 
 And then we have an idea. 
 That Sara Mahmoud was abused by David Walker, but that Colin and Marion were abused by people we've not yet identified. 
 And that, at some point in early     , after Sara realises the client is the same man who'd raped her at a gathering eight years before, the three of them, already, I believe, known to each other, somehow, came together and hatched a plan to murder all three of their abusers. 
 Now they knew if they murdered their own abuser, there'd almost certainly be an easily traceable link back to them. 
 So they agreed to kill each other's. 
 S-Sorry, Guv, if I'm being dim here, but, erm, if you've created the perfect alibi, why did Sara wait two weeks before she gave it to us? 
 'Cause offering it up immediately could also arouse suspicion. 
 How much more credible for her husband to find it? 
 And you think Walker was the first victim? 
 I think him turning up as a punter at Sara's flat was what kicked it all off. 
 - And he was killed by? 
 - Has to be Marion, doesn't it? 
 I think so. 
 Osborne was in the Maudsley, Sara was in Italy. 
 And Walker's body was found less than eight miles from Marion's parents' house. 
 So why did Osborne spend so much time with Walker, then? 
 I think he was trying to confirm that Walker was who Sara thought he was. 
 So then that has to mean that Sara would have had to kill Colin Osborne's abuser, and Osborne, Marion's? 
 - Yes. 
 - (ALL MURMURING) 
 And if we're right, to prove this theory, we'd need to find three things. 
 We'd need to find evidence of that historic connection, we'd need to find evidence of who those other abusers might have been. 
 And we'd need to find two more bodies. 
 It won't be forever. 
 It's fine. 
 Give her a big kiss from me. 
 Tell her I love her and I'll be back very soon. 
 Murray and Jake. 
 We need to find out where our three suspects might have met, but we know that two of them weren't even in London till     . 
 So we're looking at a meeting that happened sometime between then and     . 
 Where might that have occurred? 
 Was it through a job, a party, a flat-share, group counselling, I don't know. 
 Think laterally. 
 We will be focusing on the suspects' families. 
 DCI Stuart will go to Glasgow to talk to Colin Osborne's father. 
 Fran will visit Sara Mahmoud's husband. 
 I will visit Marion Kelsey's sister. 
 We don't think they'll know a lot about what's been going on the last few weeks, and if our suspects were abused, then their families are our most likely source of information. 
 And how much do we actually tell them? 
 We stop short of actually lying, but not by much, or we'll get nothing. 
 We don't need these interviews to be admissible. 
 Right now, we just need to know that we're on the right lines. 
 So no appointments, no warnings we're coming. 
 We need to catch them on the back foot. 
 - You don't need to say anything. 
 - Look. 
 I... 
 I just hope this doesn't affect our work. 
 Or our friendship. 
 It won't. 
 It hasn't, all right? 
 I promise. 
 - Now piss off. 
 - (CHUCKLES) 
 (DOOR CLOSES) 
 They're trying to trace more of the victims of the activities inside this Brentwood House and if they do, they think they could support the allegation you were present there on at least one occasion. 
 You're gonna be suspended from all duties, whilst a full investigation takes place. 
 I have to ask, if you did know what he was doing, how could you have not said anything? 
 (SIGHS) 
 It sounds so inadequate, doesn't it? 
 When you hear it on the news, people saying they were different times. 
 But they were. 
 There were times when a rock star could go on telly, being interviewed about his underage girlfriend and no one got arrested. 
 (SCOFFS) 
 We all just shrugged it off. 
 Thought it was sort of cheeky and amusing. 
 We all bought into that, until we didn't. 
 (SIGHS DEEPLY) 
 (SNIFFLES) 
 So that time I followed him, and it was just once. 
 He told me she was   . 
 And willing. 
 And he begged me to forgive him. 
 And I wanted to. 
 Both forgive him and believe him. 
 Because, otherwise, it was the end of our marriage and everything we'd built up together. 
 And so I did. 
 And for that, I am truly ashamed. 
 (BREATHING SHAKILY) 
 Well, Colin was a, a lively lad, you know, when he was a little boy. 
 He was full of mischief and fun. 
 And then, when he was about... 
 Nine, he just, slowly started to change. 
 Became quieter, you know, more introverted. 
 Staying in his room more and not seeing his pals so much, you know. 
 And his, his school work suffered. 
 And he stopped being affectionate. 
 Got angry at the slightest thing and, er, he just, became a different child. 
 And I presume you asked him what was wrong? 
 Over and over, for years. 
 He would always just say "Nothing". 
 (STAMMERS) 
 Say "I'm fine". 
 So, in the end we just thought, well, that's how it is. 
 That's... 
 That's how he was, that, er... 
 Children change. 
 And what you're talking about, sexual abuse, wasn't something that you considered back in the '  s. 
 It wasn't one of the options for why a child isn't themselves. 
 But if we consider it as a possibility now, do you have any idea where something like that could have happened to Colin? 
 Were there ever any issues in his primary school? 
 No. 
 I never heard nothing like that there. 
 - Any friends or family? 
 - No. 
 Was he a member of a church, or a football team or a scout group or... 
 Mr Osborne? 
 There was one bloke, a pal from work, Len Paxton. 
 He ran the local platoon of Club Rangers. 
 I don't know why she seems to hate me. 
 Or hate our mum. 
 Like I said, she's troubled. 
 - Was it always like that? 
 - Absolutely not. 
 No. 
 We adored each other when we were growing up. 
 Do you remember when it changed? 
 Was it overnight or... 
 No, I remember it exactly when it changed. 
 I was and Marion was   , and we'd moved to Cork. 
 Our dad had got a job as a lecturer there. 
 You know we had a great house, a lovely garden. 
 We even got our own rooms, for the first time. 
 But Marion just seemed to hate it. 
 Overnight, she became    
 - distant, sullen, aggressive. 
 - Towards you? 
 Towards me, towards our mum, at school, everyone. 
 Including your dad? 
 Actually, no, not Dad. 
 But then him and Marion were always stupidly close. 
 So, no, Dad was the only one who escaped her ire. 
 When did your dad pass away? 
 Er,     . 
 - How old was he? 
 -   . 
 That sounds pretty young. 
 Was he ill? 
 - Why do you ask? 
 - Just trying to fill in the gaps. 
 Well, no, he wasn't ill, well, not physically, anyway. 
 He, erm, took his own life. 
 I'm sorry to hear that. 
 Do you mind if I ask how? 
 He hanged himself. 
 Highgate Woods. 
 So did he have a history of depression or mental illness? 
 What are you suggesting? 
 (CHUCKLES) 
 Did he? 
 No. 
 Right. 
 Do you know if your mum's at home? 
 ROBERTS: Paxton? 
 Don't recall a Len Paxton, before my time probably. 
 Really? 
 Sorry? 
 Well, no, it's just, erm... 
 Well, I found him with a simple Google search, so. 
 What you asking me about him for then? 
 Because I wanna know what happened to him after he left prison in     . 
 For assaulting two boys from a platoon in Dumfries. 
 Look, this is all ancient history. 
 (CHUCKLES) 
 Do you know what? 
 I, I am getting really pissed off with that expression because it's just not. 
 The sort of things people like Len Paxton did, they're still affecting people today. 
 Catastrophically. 
 It     f*cks up whole lives. 
 Okay? 
 So, unless you want me to come back tonight when all the parents are here, I'd start trying a little harder to remember, if I were you. 
 He's dead. 
 When? 
 '  . 
 How? 
 He topped himself, everyone reckoned. 
 "Reckoned"? 
 He had this little yacht, he used to take some of the lads out on. 
 It was found a few days after he went missing, drifting in open water off Greenock Harbour. 
 They never found his body. 
 Although, I'm not sure anyone looked too hard. 
 It's changed. 
 We've changed. 
 People like him don't slip through the nets anymore. 
 Well, I really hope so. 
 But they were saying that    years ago. 
 And   . 
 And   . 
 And I just pray that they won't be saying it years from now, about today. 
 (DOOR SLAMS) 
 HASSAN:  Her father told me what he'd found out   in the months after she ran away.  This was while she was still   ? 
 And being taken to parties organised by men like Walker, and raped. 
 Did he not report this? 
 Did he not go to the police? 
 Yes. 
 And, apparently, your lot told him you couldn't do anything, because it'd been her choice to become a child prostitute. 
 A phrase it should be f*cking illegal to even use. 
 (SOFTLY) 
 Oh, Jesus. 
 - You knew. 
 - No. 
 (SNIFFLES) 
 She told you. 
 You knew. 
 I did not know. 
 She was always making things up, Elise. 
 Exaggerating everything. 
 Your father would never have done the things that she said. 
 How old was she when she told you? 
 (SHOUTING) 
 You tell me now or I swear I'll... 
 Elise. 
 -   . 
 - (ELISE GASPS) 
 My... 
 (INHALES DEEPLY) 
 (EXHALES) 
 And you decided not to believe her because... 
 What? 
 You didn't wanna lose the house? 
 Or the research trips abroad? 
 Or because... 
 What? 
 You're an evil f*cking witch! 
 And we have wondered all our lives why she is so angry? 
 (DOOR SLAMS) 
 I need you to tell me exactly what Marion told you. 
 Please. 
 - What sort of a mother does that? 
 - I'm struggling to be charitable. 
 Well, Osborne's dad clearly had no idea. 
 Yeah, nor did Marion's sister. 
 I guess we've lost our element of surprise. 
 I'm pretty sure all three of them will know the questions we've been asking now. 
 Which is why I want to get in front of Colin and Marion today while they're still on the back foot. 
 And ask them what? 
 Where they were when their own abusers died.  Because if we're right, they'll have absolutely watertight alibis. 
 Which both proves the theory, and sort of screws us, evidentially. 
 What have we got from Murray? 
 So, he's spent all day trawling NHS records. 
 Turns out that at various points in '  and early , both Colin and Sara were under the care of Ealing Hospital psychiatric unit. 
 - As in-patients? 
 - Yeah. 
 What about Marion?  SUNNY: We haven't located her records yet, but here's a thing, before she lived at her Smoke Lane flat, from early '   to late '  , she lived in a flat in South Ealing. 
 So that's the link, they met in Ealing Psychiatric Unit. 
 Well, this could be hard to prove, but, yeah, it's gotta be a possibility, isn't it? 
 Yeah. 
 You track down Colin. 
 I'll speak to Marion. 
 Thanks, Sunny. 
 WOMAN: (OVER PA) 
 The train now   approaching platform four   does not stop here.   Stand back from the edge of platform four.   The next train is not scheduled to stop.      Jason? 
 (TRAIN WHISTLE BLOWING) 
 (SHOUTING) 
 How are you doing? 
 Fancy a cuppa? 
 Yes. 
 (INDISTINCT CHATTERING) 
 Look, I know it's really annoying when people give you trite bits of advice on how to be happy, but you don't have to be defined by your past. 
 I had a horrible relationship split a couple of years ago. 
 Then my mum died. 
 And then my cat. 
 And I was really struggling. 
 And then I met this bloke. 
 I thought, "God, he's nice, he's not like other blokes, "I'd love to get to know him better" And it showed me that there was possibility. 
 Ahead. 
 - Do you see? 
 - Yeah. 
 That life goes on, Jase. 
 Right. 
 Yeah, well, thanks for that. 
 And good luck with the bloke. 
 No, Jase, the bloke's you. 
 - You what? 
 - It's you. 
 I like you. 
 - Really? 
 - (CHUCKLES) 
 Don't look so surprised. 
 It's just, erm... 
 No one's ever said that to me. 
 So what I wanted to say was, shall we get that date in the diary? 
 - Marion, please. 
 Don't go out now. 
 - I am fine. 
 Honestly. 
 Please don't say anything to Tony just yet, 'cause I need to speak to him myself, okay? 
 - I'll be back in a couple of hours. 
 - I love you. 
 
 
 
 - I love you, too. 
 - And I am so, so, sorry. 
 (ENGINE STARTING) 
 (MOBILE RINGING) 
 - Sunny. 
 - Guv, Colin's not at his house. 
 His husband said he'd moved out for a bit and was staying at a Holiday Inn, but he's not there either. 
 - CASSIE:  Right.  - You at Marion's yet? 
 Er, no, no. 
 Not, not yet. 
 I'll call you. 
 (DOOR OPENS) 
 (INDISTINCT CHATTERING) 
 They have no proof of anything, Marion, and they never will have. 
 But they know. 
 COLIN: But knowing something and proving it in a court of law are two very different things. 
 CASSIE: Yeah, they are. 
 Very different. 
 Marion. 
 Where are you running to? 
 It's over. 
 So, I want to speak to my husband now. 
 Okay? 
 Now I want to explain. 
 Well, I was in Goa when Paxton went missing. 
 Er, I have hotel and flights receipts. 
 I can prove I wasn't here. 
 I'm sure. 
 And when Marion's father died? 
 Can you prove you weren't in Highgate Woods? 
 And did you meet them both in Ealing Psychiatric Unit, or just Sara? 
 I've read, er, people who've been abused can always recognise other victims. 
 Something in the way they carry themselves. 
 Was it that? 
 That drew you to each other? 
 So I guess now you pull what you have together, and present it to the CPS and they may go for it and you may be able to charge us. 
 But before you do, maybe I could just give you some other facts? 
 Please do. 
 So... 
 He used to come 'round to our house on Sunday nights, mainly, for a roast dinner. 
 And he'd always find time to play with me. 
 He'd pretend to be a horse and I'd climb on his back and then he'd buck and twist and turn, and I was a cowboy at a bucking bronco contest and I f*cking loved him. 
 And when my dad found out that he ran the local Club Rangers Platoon and suggested that I join, I could not have been happier. 
 And for six months it was the best time of my life. 
 We played football and kick the can and made fires in the woods and bows and arrows, it was Enid Blyton for real. 
 The first time it happened was when we went camping for the weekend. 
 My tent was an old army one of my granddad's and when we started to put it up, he said it wouldn't be any good because it wasn't waterproof anymore and it was gonna rain. 
 But that was okay he said, because he had room in his tent. 
 That night he only gave me a massage to help with the day's hike. 
 Er, the next night he touched me and asked me to touch him. 
 It didn't rain that night, either. 
 I can spend a lifetime talking to you about the shame and guilt. 
 And how I thought I must have actually wanted him to do it because sometimes I got an erection. 
 And how I couldn't tell Mum and Dad because he was their friend and I didn't want to upset them or embarrass anyone. 
 And how I couldn't tell anyone else because he said I'd be sent away if I did. 
 But I do still ask myself, every single day, why didn't I tell someone? 
 Then over the next six months, on visits to our house when my parents were out, he did... 
 He did things which actually physically damaged me for life. 
 Because a   -year-old man is not meant to put himself inside a  -year-old boy. 
 But much worse than the physical damage is the damage he did to me as a person. 
 Because that first time, he changed me, instantly and forever. 
 The drinking, the rage, the suicide attempts, the fighting, the manic working. 
 The endless exhausting visceral rage that I feel every day of my life, that I feel right at this moment, having to explain this to you. 
 That is all because of him. 
 So you might put me in prison. 
 But let me tell you this,     you can't judge me unless you've had it done to you. 
 I won't ever, ever, let any one judge me for what I did. 
 And just so you know, what happened to Sara and Marion, was much worse. 
 (GASPS) 
 Hiya. 
 You okay? 
 I need to tell you something. 
 For a while I wondered if he only took the job in Cork because of the house. 
 Which meant that Elise and I had our own rooms, finally. 
 First time, my mum was just downstairs, she was watching  The Onedin Line.   
 I could hear the theme music. 
 And he came in when my lights were out and he knelt by my bedside. 
 And he said that I was growing up now, becoming a young woman, and that soon I'd have boyfriends. 
 And he wanted me to be prepared for that. 
 He wanted to help me so I knew how to enjoy it. 
 And then he put his hand under the covers and he did what a boyfriend might do. 
 And he did that pretty much every Saturday night when he was home, for about a year? 
 And then one day, when I was having my tea, I finally told my mum that he did things to me while she was downstairs. 
 And I remember she was... 
 She was peeling potatoes at the sink. 
 And she never even stopped. 
 She never turned to me, she never said anything. 
 And five minutes later, she told me to go back upstairs and finish my homework. 
 And I wondered, at first, if she hadn't been listening. 
 But then, that night, she came upstairs and stayed there, folding clothes and, and tidying for an hour after I went to bed. 
 And, of course, he never came near me. 
 And she did that for about six months, and then one day she just stopped. 
 And then when she and my sister were out at the cinema, a few weeks later, he raped me for the first time. 
 And I remember I said to him, erm... 
 (CHUCKLES) 
 If he did the same to Elise and he said no, no, it just me, because I was special. 
 (VOICE BREAKING) 
 I was special. 
 (CRYING) 
 And the anger, Tony, the anger that I felt for so many years and I still do... 
 (MOANS) 
 In the end, it made me do a terrible thing. 
 (DOOR OPENS) 
 (DOOR CLOSES) 
 Hey. 
 Hiya. 
 How are you? 
 He sent me that. 
 Who did? 
 Him. 
 Your mother's lover. 
 It's the letter she wrote telling him why she was finishing with him. 
 How she realised that what we had was what she wanted. 
 How terrible she felt about what she'd done, and how the affair made her realise how much she loved me. 
 It's a good letter. 
 To read, Cass. 
 For me. 
 (CLEARS THROAT) 
 It's very good for me to know that. 
 Mmm. 
 (INHALES SHAKILY) 
 (SNIFFLES) 
 And you wouldn't have got it if you hadn't have gone to see him, Dad. 
 (EXHALES) 
 (SNIFFLES) 
 So you know, you were right. 
 You. 
 (SNIFFLES) 
 (SNIFFLES) 
 Oh... 
 (SNIFFLES) 
 Listen, I've gotta make a quick call. 
 I love you, Dad. 
 Just, er... 
 I'll be quick. 
 (BOTH LAUGHING) 
 (TELEPHONE RINGING) 
 (TELEVISION PLAYING INDISTINCTLY) 
 - CASSIE:  Sunny?   
 - Hey. 
 Can you meet me? 
 CASSIE: This case rests or falls on them knowing each other. 
 Without conclusive proof of that, it is just a theory. 
 And they're not gonna confess. 
 And without any bodies, it's gonna be very hard to connect any of them to the deaths. 
 So I can't see the CPS being delirious to press charges. 
 But we do have proof now. 
 You've just told me you saw them together. 
 I saw them. 
 On my own. 
 CCTV? 
 Or... 
 And they arrived separately. 
 f*ck. 
 CASSIE:  Yeah. f*ck.   
 SUNNY:  Well...  I guess, in the end, you have to ask yourself the old question. 
 Why do we send people to prison? 
 And do Colin, Sara and Marion... 
 (SIGHS) 
 ...need to be deterred from committing murder again? 
 - No. 
 - No. 
 I don't think so. 
 So, do they need to be rehabilitated? 
 I mean, for the last    years, at least, I mean, they've all been very valuable members of society. 
 All three of them. 
 I mean, helping the most vulnerable. 
 Which means,   in the end, it pretty much comes down to punishment.   Do Colin, Sara and Marion need to be punished?   
 CASSIE: (SIGHS) 
 And that's it, you see.   Because for me,   I think their whole lives have been one, long, indescribably brutal punishment.   
 And I just can't see why we would punish them further.   I can't see who would benefit.  No. 
 No. 
 Nor can I. 
 Okay. 
 So... 
 This is significant, Sunny. 
 This is a pretty f*cking huge thing I would do here. 
 - Yeah? 
 You? 
 - Mmm, yeah. 
 To be absolutely clear, this is just me. 
 You would never be implicated in any decision I make. 
 But if you have a single shred of doubt, please, you tell me now. 
 Tell me to go to Andrews first thing tomorrow morning, report everything, tell him I saw them all, together. 
 (POLICE SIREN WAILING IN DISTANCE) 
 I don't believe they could be charged, and I see no point in disrupting their lives further. 
 So, no. 
 I won't tell you to do that. 
 (KISSES) 
 You're all right, do you know that? 
 You're not so bad yourself. 
 I'm gonna leave now, before you try and snog me. 
 Smart move. 
 (CHUCKLES) 
 (SIGHS) 
 Night-night, Sunny. 
 Night, Guv. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 