Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x02 - Episode 2 - Unforgotten 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x02 - Episode 2 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=462&t=30529 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/12/17 20:14 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x02 - Episode 2 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 So, how old could it be? 
 10, 20 years? Maybe longer. 
 Male, do you think? 
 That looks like a bloke's watch. 
 Daddies! 
 Hello, my darling. 
 You're gonna be fine. And in ten weeks, she'll be ours for good. 
 I saw you yesterday, in the supermarket... 
 How much? 
 £5,000. 
 Are you nervous? 
 No, terrified. 
 Who wouldn't want to turn a school like that around? 
 You will never find a candidate who understands the sorts of kids you have at Highbrook better than me. 
 I've gotta go but I'll see you on the ward. Bye, love. 
 Who was that? 
 Zoe, the girl with non-Hodgkins. 
 She's got your personal number? 
 When I was examining the body, I noticed something a bit odd. 
 It's the remains of a pager. 
 We'd need to source a working version of this model, de-solder the data chip from this and see what we get. 
 Here he is. 
 David Ewan Walker. 
 63% of all murder victims are killed by their partners. 
 You'll be thinking that, won't you? 
 ♪ All we do is hide away ♪ 
♪ All we do is, all we do is hide away ♪ 
♪ All we do is lie and wait ♪ 
♪ All we do is, all we do is lie and wait ♪ 
♪ I've been upside-down ♪ 
♪ I don't wanna be the right way round ♪ 
♪ Can't find paradise on the ground ♪ 
 So, yesterday we believe we identified the body in the case, as David Ewan Walker, reported missing on the 10th of May, 1990. 
 The postmortem confirmed that David Walker died as a result of probably a single stab wound to the chest. 
 So, we're looking for his killer, pure and simple. 
 For whoever robbed a five-year-old child of the opportunity to ever see his dad again. 
 A boy who... well, no, he's a 31-year-old man now, who has apparently spent the last 26 years praying that his father would still turn up... 
 Hey, Mum. 
 .. alive. 
 What? 
 So, the data chip from the pager we found on his body is still being analysed. 
 But so far we've pulled information off it going back about erm... 12 weeks before he died. 
 Now, I'm not sure how much you children know about pagers. 
 But this one was alphanumeric, which meant as well as leaving your phone number, you could send it short messages, like a text. 
 Now, obviously the more we can decipher, er... the more of an insight we can gain into his movements in the last few weeks of his life. 
 So, Fran, can you talk to BT and see if they can help fill in the gaps of any of these phone numbers. 
 And a bottle of erm... champagne... 
 Whoo! 
 Prosecco. Budget cuts. 
 .. to whoever can decode this message. 
 Myself and DI Khan will learn everything we can about David Walker from his widow. 
 And, Murray, and erm... Jake, can you to dig out the original files. 
 Let's see what that investigation turned up. 
 OK, thank you, everyone. 
 I was erm... I was thinking last night. 
 Why would you leave anything on a body that could possibly identify the victim and then, possibly, you. 
 Because you rushed things, you didn't check? 
 And why would you do that? Why would you effectively panic? 
 Cos you were in shock. Never killed anyone before. 
 It's worth bearing in mind. 
 Hey, boys. 
 Hi. 
 Hi. 
 .. horsepower. That's not... 
 Hiya. 
 Hi, love. Oh, this came for you. 
 By bike. 
 I got a second interview. 
 Oh... get in! 
 Well done. 
 Oh, man, get a room. 
 Oh. 
 I've got those charts. 
 Can you let me know when Dr Samuels is in. 
 Yeah. 
 Ooh, Marion. 
 Hey. 
 Have you got a minute? 
 Yeah. 
 She said that she was finding it hard to speak to her parents and that she loved our chats and that she... 
 She just asked if I'd mind if she could phone my mobile occasionally. 
 Right. And when was this? 
 Oh, gosh, about a month ago. 
 And how many times has she called you on your mobile? 
 Twice. 
 Er... yesterday and then... about day or so after she first asked me, I think. 
 It's not like a regular thing, really. 
 No. No, no, not at all. 
 And I would've put a stop to it if I thought it was getting out of hand. 
 I mean, it's obviously great that you've developed such a strong rapport with her and I know how much you've helped her. 
 I just think we need to reset the boundaries a bit now and just say no more personal calls. 
 OK, yeah, sure. 
 I'll speak to her parents and reassure them, they just felt a little bit undermined. 
 OK, no problem. And I'm sorry if... 
 OK. Thanks, Marion. Cheers. 
 Sorry, who... who told them? Zoe's parents, I mean? 
 Zoe, I presume. Who else? 
 All my life, I've thought he walked out on us. 
 I know. But I always said we didn't know that for sure. 
 It was the best-case scenario, Mum. 
 Worst-case? He topped himself. 
 His five-year-old kid wasn't enough to stay alive for. 
 I mean, can you imagine what 26 years of thinking that does to you? 
 No, I can't. 
 And then to find out it was this? 
 That he did nothing wrong. 
 That he did still love us. 
 I feel... cheated. I feel... I feel robbed. 
 I know. Me, too. 
 I'm so sorry, mate, for you both. 
 Who would've wanted to have done that to him? 
 Who would have wanted to have hurt my dad? 
 Don't nudge my arm. 
 All right, you finish it off. Give me one second. 
 What is it, Col? What's the matter? 
 Nothing. 
 These are meant to be the happiest weeks of our lives. 
 I'm fine. 
 Everything's absolutely fine. 
 We went out for about five years, on and off. 
 Er... finally got married in '81, had Jason in '85. 
 Hm. And it was a happy marriage? 
 Yeah. Well, it was as happy as any. 
 How do you mean? 
 Well, no marriage is perfect, is it? 
 No. No, I guess not. 
 No, I mean, we... we loved each other but er... 
 David had his issues, periods of fairly serious depression. 
 And... and that put a strain on things. 
 And this depression was caused by one thing, or... 
 Well, no, I think that's the point of depression, isn't it? 
 There isn't anything obvious to be sad about. 
 Sure. 
 I mean, certainly, I never really worked it out. 
 In the end, I think it was... I think it was just how he was made. 
 And... and you said all this to the original investigation? 
 Yeah, I think I did, I mean... God, it was a long time ago now. 
 Indeed. 
 We found the remains of a pager on your husband's body? 
 Yeah. Yeah, he had a pager. 
 Do any of these numbers or messages ring any bells for you. 
 Right, well, if that's... if that's "call me", that's the sort of message I often sent. 
 I probably even sent something like that when he went missing. 
 Hm. 
 Nothing else rings any bells on that list? 
 Mm... no. No, sorry. 
 Can I just ask, did you both work? 
 He did. I stayed at home after Jason was born. 
 What was his job? 
 He worked in the leisure industry. 
 Clubs and nightclubs. 
 And was that successful? 
 Yeah, I mean David worked incredibly hard. 
 He was one of those guys who was always on the right charity board. 
 Did loads of voluntary stuff, raised funds for the local Tories... 
 What I'm saying is, he was well-connected. 
 He went missing on the 8th but you didn't report it till the 10th? 
 No. 
 Why was that? 
 He sometimes went away on work-related stuff and would neglect to tell me, but never two nights. 
 When he didn't come home that second evening, I rang the police first thing. 
 I assume you tried to call him. 
 Many times, at work. 
 And those calls were logged by the original investigation. 
 And they said what? 
 His office said he hadn't come in that day and that no-one had seen him since early evening of the 8th. 
 And where was that? 
 At a pub in Cannon Street. 
 Erm... with anyone, or...? 
 Two Tory party members. 
 He left at 7:00, saying he was off to meet a potential donor. 
 And erm... well, that was the last time he was seen. 
 In the weeks and months afterwards, what did you think? 
 Well, for a long time, I... 
 I thought he'd finally had a full on breakdown and just disappeared to some backwater. 
 He was that troubled? 
 In the absence of any better explanation, it was the best answer I had. 
 And as the months and then years went by... I just assumed he'd gone off and killed himself somewhere. 
 I presume the business came to you? 
 It did, yeah, eventually. 
 And er... for all his ambition and endless years of 14-hour days, it wasn't actually worth much. 
 All I know is Jason and I ended up with less than £30,000. 
 So I joined the police force six months after he disappeared, mainly cos I was so impressed with the officers on his case, but also, because I needed the money. 
 Hm. 
 OK, thank you. 
 Fasting gives us criteria, it gives us guidance on what is right and what is wrong. 
 Sister... 
 As long as people keep taking it down, I will keep sticking it back up, Omar. 
 I've had so many complaints, Sara. 
 And so have I, from other women made to pray in that room. 
 It's tiny, it smells. 
 We have limited space... 
 Fine, we swap, then. 
 We have your room, you have ours, simple. 
 Bye, Omar. 
 Evening, all. 
 Hello, love. Good day? 
 Yeah, not bad. You? 
 I just put down the phone on Adam. 
 He might come down next weekend to celebrate my birthday. 
 Oh, that'd be nice. 
 Did he tell you about his girlfriend? What she did? 
 Yeah. He seemed to think it was a selling point. 
 What do you mean, "selling point"? 
 The term "threes up" was used... 
 Oh... 
 At which point, I reminded him I've got an irregular heartbeat. 
 Youth of today. 
 Lucky bastards. 
 Oh, I meant to ask you, what were you doing in Winchester last Wednesday? 
 Winchester? 
 I found a train ticket in your jeans pocket, I was about to put them in the machine. 
 Well, it must have been something I must have picked up accidentally in the pub. 
 Huh. 
 Last Wednesday? I was playing pitch-and-putt with Bob and Gem in Acton. 
 Right. Yeah, no worries. 
 Of course I didn't tell them. How would I even know their number? 
 She rang me from her landline, you could have looked on my mobile. 
 Well, why would I do that? 
 I don't know, Tony, you tell me. 
 I'm... I'm worried about you. 
 I'm worried you're getting sick again. 
 I'm not getting sick again, Tony. 
 Just cos I don't see the world exactly how you see it, how Elise sees it. 
 What's Elise got to do with it? 
 Oh, every time I disagree with either of you, I'm going nuts again. 
 And I saw you, by the way, exchanging looks about me at mum's. 
 I didn't exchange any looks with her. 
 You have no idea what it's like being part of that family. 
 I didn't ring Zoe's parents, sweetheart. 
 I promise, I would never do something like that. 
 Marion. Marion, don't... 
 So, yesterday we spoke to Tessa Nixon or erm... DI Tessa Nixon I should say. 
 And we both felt that she was holding stuff back, but no evidence as yet that she had anything to do with his murder. 
 Murray, what did the original investigation conclude? 
 Exactly that. There was no evidence connecting her to any foul play. 
 How comprehensive were the files? 
 Pretty good. 
 Though we both thought their angle was definitely more misper than foul play, so... There are holes, though. 
 Things dealt with not quite rigorously enough. 
 Such as? 
 This travelcard was found in an office desk of his in the days after his disappearance. 
 OK. 
 Look at the dates -- 7th of May, 1990. 
 The day before he disappeared. 
 Erm... are we... are we sure that this is his handwriting? 
 The experts back in the day thought it probably was. 
 And this was followed up? 
 Yeah, it was. 26 Raglan Way, Highgate. 
 Two sisters lived in there, both in their 70s, who had no idea why their address was on this ticket. 
 Got a number for the address, called it, but they both died several years ago. 
 Oh. 
 But I'm just wondering, is that definitely a six? 
 Or could it be a zero? 
 I told you we shouldn't sack him. 
 So, have... have you made contact with number 20? 
 Yeah, local authority records have a Mrs J Dunphy living there who's an 80-year-old widow. 
 Very... good... work. We need to follow up on that. 
 Anything else? 
 These are photocopies of the last three months of his desk diary, and this is a list of all the original points of action that came out of it. 
 I went through, highlighted any gaps. 
 And this one seems to have slipped through the cracks. 
 There's the time, 7:30, on the 9th of March, and then next to it, a name -- Colin. 
 Then, 5 days later, the 14th, a phone number, which BT have said at the time was registered to a C Osbourne. 
 C for Colin. 
 And this wasn't followed up? 
 Officers called on the address attached several times. 
 It was a flat near Tower Bridge Flat Seven, Ferriers' Wharf. 
 No-one was ever in and then it was never followed up. 
 But seeing as it was only a few weeks before he was murdered, we think it's worth chasing down, right? 
 Yeah, definitely. Thanks, Jake. 
 Fran. 
 Yeah. 
 So, BT have been very helpful, lots of numbers come up more than once. 
 So, most of these are his work numbers. 
 His clubs, his accountant, his office. 
 But this one here is his best mate, James Gregory, a restaurant owner. 
 He's still on the same number, erm... 
 I spoke to him, he seemed really keen to talk to us. 
 That's interesting. 
 OK and erm... finally, anyone claiming a bottle of the very finest £5 Prosecco? 
 Yes. I think it's an address. 
 Er... Flat C, Shawbrook Mansions... 
 And the KX? 
 King's Cross. 
 Oh, very well done. 
 Fran, very good. 
 OK, now we will follow up on all of that. Thank you, everyone. 
 Flat Seven, Ferriers' Wharf, Tower Bridge. 
 Yes, August '88 to May 1990, it was let to a Colin Eliot Osborne. 
 OK, any forwarding address? 
 No. 
 Right. No references or previous addresses? 
 Sorry, after seven years, we just keep the contracts. 
 Right. 
 Wow, £24,000 per annum, that's... well, that's two grand a month. 
 That was serious money back then, wasn't it? 
 It was the '80s. It's when serious money was invented. 
 Yeah. 
 Fran, I'm in King's Cross, outside your Shawbrook Mansions. 
 I can see it was residential, it's now an advertising agency. 
 Er... maybe check Land Registry records for 1990, see who owned the building. 
 Check utility bills, gas, electric, water... 
 Yeah. 
 Yeah, OK. 
 Hey. 
 So, a zero or a six? 
 Dunno yet, there's no-one in. 
 I've dropped a note through the door to call us. 
 So, I've just spoken to the original owner of the King's Cross property. 
 He'd be happy to speak to us in an hour. 
 Huh. 
 Fran found a gas bill with the tenant's name -- an S Larvey. 
 Also, just spoke to Jake. 
 He thinks he might have tracked down your Tower Bridge tenant. 
 A Colin Eliot Osborne who's the right age, living in Brighton, working as a lawyer. 
 Great. 
 I'm gonna give you the money. 
 All right. 
 But it's a one-off payment. 
 If you come after me again, I will go to the police and social services myself and I'll take my chances. 
 I need to know you understand that. 
 Absolutely. You know, I'm not some lowlife blackmailer, Colin. 
 This is a one-off for both our benefit. 
 Meet me in the cafe we were in before at 9:30 on Wednesday. 
 Ms Alazi. 
 I'm sorry, no, I have no recollection of her at all. 
 I mean, obviously she was a tenant cos she paid the gas bill. 
 But I owned eight houses, each of which had up to five flats, you know, which I rented out from the late '60s to when I sold up in er... what was it? 2007? 
 Yeah, I must have had thousands of tenants. 
 Right, I see. 
 Took over the supply in late '89. 
 Well, er... as I'm sure you're both well-aware, King's Cross has changed a fair bit in the past few years. 
 Yes. 
 But in '89, the house she lived in at that time I rented out almost exclusively to prostitutes. 
 Yeah, lovely girls most of 'em. 
 Yeah, very reliable. Always paid on time. 
 So I'd be very surprised if your Ms Alazi wasn't a tart. 
 Any form relating to S Alazi, King's Cross area, from... let's say '88 to '92. 
 Cheers, Jake. 
 Guv. 
 I'm trying to think of other reasons why a man would have a prostitute's address sent to his pager, but I am struggling. 
 Which would be exactly the same conversation a wife would have with her husband if she found out. 
 Indeed. 
 We can use this one. 
 I'm sorry, we're very aware of how hard this must be for you to hear. 
 And he messaged her, or...? 
 We think she sent him her address. 
 Which we have good reason to believe she used for business. 
 No, I had no knowledge of him using prostitutes, obviously, I was his wife. 
 And, no, we didn't row about it, the row didn't get out of hand and I didn't accidentally f*cking kill him. 
 Sure. 
 But, knowing him as you did and not withstanding his issues... is it something now you could contemplate he could have done? 
 Could he have been that sort of man? 
 How long have you been a detective, DCI Stuart? 
 22 years. 
 19. 
 Would anything a man is capable of surprise you? 
 OK. 
 Thanks for your time, Tessa. 
 Thank you. 
 Thank you. 
 Bye. 
 
 
 
 Tess. 
 Ma'am. 
 Have you got five? 
 Er... yeah, sure. 
 "Restricted duties"? 
 Look, I understand this must be hard to... 
 I was cleared of any involvement in my husband's disappearance 26 years ago. 
 Of course, and that's not what this is. 
 DCI Stuart is just doing a general sweep... 
 Tess. 
 No-one can be expected to do their job properly with this hanging over them. 
 Except nothing is hanging over me, ma'am. 
 Not to mention the upset of learning what happened to David. 
 So, I wanna set up some counselling for you. 
 I'm gonna refer you to Occupational Health. 
 Are you telling me I have to go on restricted duties or asking me to? 
 I'm saying be sensible, take a back seat for a bit and I'm sure it'll all have blown over in a few weeks. 
 Do you think I might have done it, then? 
 Tess, that is insulting and I can't even... 
 No, I'm fine, ma'am. If you want me out of my office, I'm afraid you're gonna have to formally suspend me. 
 I don't care what time anyone else is staying till, Aisha, I want you back at 11:00. 
 Listen. Lis... Listen. Listen. OK, here's the deal. 
 You can either go and be back by 11:00, or not go at all. 
 It's your choice. 
 Aisha? 
 Ai... 
 Oh! 
 Hardball. Respect. 
 I've been having the same conversation every week for the last six months. 
 It's like negotiating with a goldfish. 
 Mr Osborne? 
 Er... excuse me. Hello. 
 DCI Stuart. DI Khan. Bishop Street Police. 
 Is there somewhere we could go for a quick chat, please? 
 I was just about to go in to court. 
 If it's about a case, you should contact my chambers and they'll... 
 No, it's not about a case of yours. 
 We're investigating an historical case in London and we hoped you might be able to help us with our enquiries. 
 All right, take room three down the corridor. 
 I was just about to got to the loo, so... 
 Thank you. 
 Hey. 
 Hi. 
 Sorry, no... no idea. 
 And the name doesn't ring any bells? 
 Erm... no. No, sorry. 
 OK, not a problem. 
 The only reason we ask is that we found a phone number that was registered to a flat that you were renting in a desk diary belonging to David Walker. 
 Wh... which flat? 
 Er... Ferriers' Wharf, Tower Bridge. 
 Oh, OK. 
 You did rent that flat? 
 Er... yes. Late '80s, I think. 
 '88 to '90. 
 Erm... I mean, I had a lot of mates staying with me at that flat, I suppose any one of them could have given this guy the number. 
 It was slightly party central. 
 It was a pretty cool flat. 
 Well, I was working in the city at the time, so... 
 As a lawyer? 
 No, a banker, I'm afraid. 
 Oh, right, Erm... which bank? 
 Klein Egerton? 
 Banker to criminal lawyer, that's... that's quite a change, isn't it? 
 Is it? 
 What prompted that? 
 If you'd worked in the city in the '80s, you wouldn't have to ask me this. 
 Pretty soulless. 
 Well, good for you. 
 I looked at your chambers website, you do a lot of really good work. 
 I hope so. 
 Lots of pro bono. 
 Yeah. 
 You obviously have a desire to... give something back. 
 Well, if you can, I think you should. 
 Hm. 
 Yeah. 
 Well, thanks for your time... Mr Osborne, we appreciate it. 
 I'm sorry I couldn't be more help. 
 Oh, actually, no, one... one more thing. 
 When did you say you left banking? 
 I'm not sure I did. 
 Erm... early 1990. 
 Right, so... February or March or... 
 Erm... yes, around about then. I'm sorry, I can't... 
 I can't quite remember exactly. 
 No problem. Thanks again. 
 You're welcome, thank you. 
 Bye. 
 Cheers. 
 Subtle. 
 Aren't I? 
 You might as well have just said, "Guilty conscience, Mr Osborne?" 
 Got him sweating though, didn't it? 
 And I'd put money on him knowing David Walker. 
 I need an adjournment. 
 You're on in two minutes. 
 And I've just been puking up in the bog. 
 So, unless the judge wants his courtroom redecorated, I suggest you persuade him to allow it. 
 OK. 
 For some women it only lasts a few months, whereas for others, it can take... 
 All I want to know is, am I still fertile? 
 Well, given your age and the fact that you haven't had a period for 18 months, it's pretty unlikely. 
 I mean, I could still get you referred to a fertility... 
 No. No, it's not a problem, really. 
 It's not a problem at all. Thank you. 
 He said he hoped she'd die of AIDS. 
 I just... 
 I mean, I just thought your temper issues were so in the past now. 
 And they are. 
 Right, so you risk your job? 
 You force us into engaging with some incredibly unstable couple? 
 You jeopardise everything because some twat takes a shot at us? 
 I'm sorry. 
 It's all right. It's OK. 
 God, I've completely messed up haven't I? 
 No, you haven't. 
 We'll deal with it, OK? We'll... we'll work it out. 
 OK, so I think we've got two options. 
 We tell Janet... 
 No. 
 Colin, you know the rules. If any of our circumstances change, we have a duty to tell her and make sure... 
 And how do you think that's going to play? 
 How happy are they gonna be to leave an already very vulnerable young girl with somebody who loses their temper like that? 
 Which is, I'm sure, exactly what you're thinking right now. 
 Of course I'm not. 
 If we tell Janet, we could lose Flo. 
 OK, well, then the second option is... we give them the money. 
 I think it's our only choice, love. 
 I just hope it's enough. 
 Jase? 
 Go home, mate. Take a few days off, you shouldn't be here. 
 I'm really sorry for you. 
 Jase... 
 Sorry, Cath, I'm in a bit of a rush. 
 Oh, OK. No problem. 
 Night, then. 
 Night. 
 Are you OK? 
 Is there any way you could swap weekends with Melanie so Becca could go there this weekend? 
 Er... yeah. 
 Yeah, fine. 
 What? 
 It's just... 
 Becca's mum's is very noisy with her stepbrothers. 
 She has her exams next week, so... 
 Oh, right. 
 She's really hoping to be able to revise here in a bit of peace and quiet. 
 Fine. 
 I just... 
 I do need some space, love. 
 I'm... I'm finding this all pretty hard. 
 Yeah, of course. 
 Well... I'll speak to her. 
 OK. 
 Thank you. 
 Anything erm... Anything I can help with? 
 You wanna... talk to me? Tell me anything? 
 Tell you what? 
 No, fine, it's just... 
 Any time you need to... offload, I'm here. 
 Well, thank you. 
 Are you all right? 
 Yeah, fine. 
 Night, then. 
 So we have four arrests for Sara Alazi, all in '89 or '90, and all within a 5-minute walk of the King's Cross flat. 
 Erm... on two of those occasions, she was arrested with the same woman, a Samira Khan who is still a s*x worker. 
 Impressive. 
 Er... last arrest was 18 months ago, for running a brothel just off the Pentonville Road. 
 Council tax records have her down as owning it, although it is now listed as a spa. 
 Well, I don't suppose "brothel" is an option on the form. 
 Ooh, one more thing. David Walker was a Tory party fundraiser for most of the '80s. 
 Can you ring his wife and see if she has any photos of him from that time? 
 Photos of functions they went to, press clippings. 
 And if you get no joy there, ring the party HQ and see if they have a photo archive that we can look at. 
 Got it. 
 Thanks, Jake. 
 Got the address. 
 Shall we go? 
 Can I help you? 
 Hi, I'm DCI Cassie Stewart. We're looking for Samira Khan. 
 Yeah, we were very good friends. 
 And over what period of time would you say? 
 When we were working together. 
 Not long, eight, nine months maybe, but we stayed friends after. 
 Right, and so when did she stop? 
 s*x work? 
 Yes. 
 Erm... early 1990? 
 She cleaned herself up and moved out of London, but we just stayed in touch. Phone, letters... 
 And we'd meet up every few months in town for a coffee and a natter. 
 And when was the last time you saw her? 
 '93, '94, maybe? 
 But we wrote to each other until about erm... 1995. 
 And where was she then? 
 She was living in Salisbury. 
 She'd er... done a degree, I think, and got married. 
 Yeah, she was always a smart girl, not like me. 
 Did you keep any of the letters, Samira? 
 Sorry, no. 
 That's no problem. I know it's a long time ago, but... do you happen to remember her married name? 
 Yeah, I do, cos we joked about it in the letters. 
 Mahmoud -- the same as my mum's maiden name. 
 I said, "I always knew we'd be family." 
 Thank you so much, Samira. You've been incredibly helpful. 
 No problem. And if you do find her, send her all my love, will you? 
 I'm glad she got out. She was always better than this. 
 s*x, death and revenge. 
 Here are three of our main topics. 
 Are you all right, miss? 
 Let's look at erm... act three, please, scene four. 
 "Thanks to Your Majesty..." 
 Mrs Mahmoud, can we borrow you for a second, please? 
 No, sorry. I don't recognise him I'm afraid. 
 OK. No problem. 
 Any idea how your flat address might have ended up in his pager? 
 Can I remember why I might have given some random bloke my address one night in the '90s?... No, sorry. 
 Well... do you think there's a chance that you gave it when he was your client? 
 What do you mean, "client"? 
 A punter of yours... when you worked as a prostitute. 
 Please say you don't need to tell anyone this. 
 Here, or my family. 
 Please. 
 (Please.) 
 It was a lifetime ago, I was a completely different person. 
 Sara, if you co-operate with us... 
 I will, completely. 
 I wanna help you. 
 Then there's absolutely no reason why anyone but us needs to know about anything. 
 I don't know him, I swear. 
 But, yeah, of course he could have been a client. 
 You had a lot of clients, I presume? 
 I did what I did for less than a year. 
 I was in a very dark place at the time. 
 But a year is still a very long time in that world. 
 When did he go missing? 
 May 1990. The 8th, we think. 
 I was abroad. 
 I went travelling in Europe early 1990 and was away for most of the year. 
 You can check passport records. 
 I was 1,000 miles away. 
 So, what do you think? 
 Completely credible. 
 I agree. 
 But let's assume she's lying. 
 Absolutely. I'll check the passport. 
 After all this f*cking... 
 I've spent 26 years being messed up by something that never actually happened, Becs. 
 I mean, can you imagine what that feels like? 
 No... 
 It feels sh1t, let me tell you. 
 I can feel this f*cking rage inside cos of the years I've wasted... 
 I never needed to become the useless loser that I am now. 
 And I just... I feel like I wanna take it out on someone... 
 I wanna punch and smash and hurt someone... 
 Becca? 
 .. except there is no-one to blame... 
 Dad? 
 Jase? 
 Jason. 
 Hi, Paul. Hi, Mum. 
 Hiya, sweetheart. Why didn't you tell us you were coming round? 
 It wasn't planned, just needed someone to talk to. 
 All right. It's OK. Hey, come on. 
 You OK? 
 Mm-hm. 
 It's all right. 
 It's fine, it's fine. Come on. 
 I think we will want to interview you properly, Mr Gregory, but that's really helpful for now. 
 Thanks. Thank you very much. Bye. 
 Guv, I've just spoken to the friend again, James Gregory, the restaurant owner. 
 OK. 
 So, the conversation was pretty brief, he was on the way to work. 
 But he was telling me about David's problems, his depression, his drinking. 
 Tessa never told us about that. 
 Ah, he thought it had a lot to do with what happened to him as a kid. 
 Which was? 
 He said he'd been abused by a teacher at his primary school. 
 And in the last few months of his life, he'd talked a lot about going to the police and finally reporting what had happened to him. 
 But also, he talked about confronting his abuser. 
 And then one day, he just disappears. 
 And then one day, someone sticks a knife in his chest. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 