Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 03x02 - Episode 2 - Unforgotten 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 03x02 - Episode 2 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=462&t=43279 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/11/21 07:04 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 03x02 - Episode 2 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Last night one of the workmen dug up the section of a human hipbone. 
 You think it's female? 
 I think, from the pelvis shape. 
 I'll know more when I get her back. 
 This is the body of a child. 
 That's it. 
 Join us next week for the first of the semis. 
 It's Eliot. 
 His flatmate hasn't seen him for a couple of days. 
 Eliot? 
 Hi, Dad. 
 To Dad and Carol. 
 Thank you. 
 Thanks, guys. 
 So the complaint against you, Dr Finch, is that you verbally abused and threatened Mrs Avery. 
 No-one in this town believes a word of these allegations. 
 They know you. 
 I can't make you a better salesman. 
 So what do you think you COULD afford? 
 Just sign and date it, Mr Salthouse. 
 I need some of my money. 
 ,   . 
 Jamila, do you think that you might ever consider marrying me? 
 The bone was fixed with a surgical plate. 
 These are Greek letters. 
 They're a Cypriot firm. 
 We make contact with each of the families of these missing girls and ask them if their daughter ever broke her arm on holiday. 
 Your sister, did you say? 
 And how sure are you that she broke her wrist? 
 %. 
 She slipped by the swimming pool. 
 'I think it was Cyprus.' It's her. 
 MUSIC: 'All We Do' by Oh Wonder    
 ♪ All we do is hide away    
 ♪ All we do is All we do is hide away    
 ♪ All we do is lie and wait    
 ♪ All we do is All we do is lie and wait    
 ♪ I've been upside down   
 ♪ I don't wanna be the right way round    
 ♪ Can't find paradise on the ground. ♪    
 Sorry, Dr Balcombe, could you say that last bit again? 
 The signal dropped out. 
 Yeah, yeah, I can. 
 Go ahead. 
 Have you managed to get in touch with Winchester yet? 
 I did, and the files are coming up this evening. 
 The original OIC died a few years ago,    so his number two's going to give you a bell. 
 What's his name? 
 'John Bentley.'    He's retired now, was a DCI. 
 'Great. 
 'Thanks for that, Jake.' Speak later. 
 Yeah, I'll pass that on to her now,    Yeah, thanks. 
 Bye. 
 So, she was cleaning the skull, washing off all the mud and crap and that, and, er, this morning she managed to locate the hyoid bone? 
 The... 
 The little one? 
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, and after cleaning it, it actually came apart, separated into two bits. 
 OK. 
 Can she say whether that was pre or postmortem? 
 Not    %, no, but given that hyoid fracture is pretty exclusively associated with strangulation, her guess is pre. 
 HE HUMS    What? 
 No. 
 No... 
 Frankie? 
 You knew? 
 I knew he was experimenting with his identity, yeah. 
 And you didn't at any point think you might mention that to me? 
 Eliot's capacity for confounding our expectations is hardly breaking news, James. 
 Besides, you don't get to piss off to another continent for eight years and then just expect full disclosure whenever it suits you. 
 I'm still his father. 
 Biologically, I suppose, yes. 
 It's been whole years since I left you for someone better, Mel. 
 Don't you think it's time you got over me? 
 FOOTSTEPS RECEDE    
 What did they take? 
 Frank's missing, and they took some money I had for a deposit on a flat. 
 Oh, Chris, I'm so sorry. 
 Is the van damaged? 
 Yes, yes, they smashed a window to get in. 
 And have you got somewhere you can get that fixed? 
 'I don't know. 
 No. 
 I... 
 I'm just not thinking straight.'    
 OK, first up, it's all gonna be OK. 
 We're gonna sort everything out. 
 Look, I've got a thing in Manchester I need to be at right now, but it's only on this morning, so I could pop down late afternoon, how does that sound? 
 I'd really appreciate having somebody here. 
 I don't feel at all good. 
 'But you can't just drop...' Then let's do that. 
 I could be with you by about four. 
 You OK till then? 
 Yeah. 
 Yeah. 
 Thanks, Tim. 
 'It's all gonna be OK.'   
 Lots of love, mate. 
 I'll see you at four. 
 'OK, yeah, I'll... 
 I'll see you then.'    It's a left after the church. 
 Well, Mrs Avery had been a patient of mine    since I moved to the town in     . 
 Just over six years ago,    she began displaying the early signs of dementia, specifically a form called Pick's disease. 
 Can you describe to me the specific symptoms of Pick's, please, in its later stages? 
 Well, in its later stages, it's characterised by memory loss, by an increasing lack of empathy, by repetitive behaviours, but perhaps most distinctly by an increasing lack of inhibition, typified by regular use of profanity and bursts of anger and aggression. 
 And was Mrs Avery's behaviour typical of someone with Pick's? 
 It was. 
 So would you describe her behaviour as challenging? 
 HE SIGHS     At times, yes. 
 And in the six years you were helping her with this, how many times were you called to the house by Mrs Avery's daughter? 
 I made    home visits during those six years. 
 And in that time, do you recall ever losing your temper, or being verbally violent towards her? 
 No, there were certainly times when I had to be very firm with her, and there were times when I had to physically restrain her if she was trying to hit me but, no, I don't believe I ever lost my temper. 
 Twins? 
 I'm sorry, we... we didn't pick that up in our briefing.. 
 It's fine. 
 Identical, or...? 
 Yes. 
 I'm... exactly what she would have looked like now. 
 So can I start by saying we do obviously still have to confirm that the remains we found are your daughter's. 
 Given what you've just told us, Jessica, it would make sense if we could take a DNA swab from you. 
 Would you be OK with that? 
 Course. 
 And obviously the sooner we can get that done, the sooner we'll know for sure, so... 
 Do it now if you want. 
 OK. 
 Yeah. 
 And I should just say waiting for the results won't slow down what'll happen now from our point of view, which... 
 ..I assure you will be a full reopening of the investigation into Hayley's death. 
 Where you found her... 
 ..and... 
 ..how her remains were... 
 ..will you be able to tell at all how she died? 
 From her remains alone it's always going to be... 
 ..hard to be completely sure so many years later. 
 But there is some evidence to suggest that Hayley was strangled. 
 SHE WAILS    
 I am... 
 so sorry to have to tell you that. 
 But please believe me when I say we are going to investigate this crime as if it happened yesterday. 
 We are gonna find out who was responsible for her death... 
 ..and then we are going to make sure that they are punished for the terrible wrong they did. 
 Are you looking for Chris, Mila? 
 Yeah. 
 He hasn't been in today. 
 Oh, OK. 
 He said to meet him here at one. 
 Yeah, we were expecting him, but have you tried calling him? 
 I'll try again. 
 Thanks, Pat. 
 RINGING TONE 
 PHONE RINGS   
 Well, let me tell you, they loved meeting you. 
 Oh, my God, did they? 
 Cos I was absolutely terrified. 
 Sal, you knew who Stormy was. 
 SHE LAUGHS   
 Stormzy! 
 'Yeah, and him.' I promise you, you are their life-long best friend. 
 LAUGHTER THROUGH WALL Yeah. 
 Yeah, will do. 
 KNOCK ON DOOR     Oh, hi, Jessica. 
 Have you got a minute? 
 Of course. 
 Come in. 
 I don't know if this will surprise you or not, but, erm... 
 no-one in Middenham's gonna thank you for finding my sister. 
 I mean, maybe they'll be pleased for us on a personal level, that we can bury her, but, erm... 
 it took the town maybe ten years to get over her. 
 The whole media thing completely killed off the tourist trade. 
 The holiday rentals, the passing trade that the teashops and the giftshops relied on, that all completely went because nobody wanted to come here any more. 
 We were like a... a Soham or a Praia da Luz. 
 And now that that's all going to be dragged up again, I just, er... 
 I just wanted to warn you that you might not find people that cooperative. 
 As a copper, I get used to never being that welcome. 
 And you? 
 And your mum and dad? 
 Are YOU glad we're here? 
 I wish you could have met my mum and dad before. 
 Ohh. 
 My mum was amazing. 
 Hm! 
 Clever and funny. 
 And strong. 
 A really strong person. 
 And my dad was kind and ambitious. 
 Also funny, but more in a lovely old-fashioned kind of way. 
 What you see now is what    years of hell does to someone. 
 The grief, of course, the loss, but, erm... 
 ..   years of imagining what her last moments might have been like. 
 years of stupid hope that maybe she might still be alive. 
 Of newspaper headlines, of people backing away from you, of strangers hugging you in the street. 
 For my dad, years of suspicion that it was him. 
 For my mum,    years of unspoken accusations that if she had been a better mother, then this wouldn't have happened. 
 years of seeing her everywhere I go. 
 So, er, yes. 
 We are glad, so glad, that we can bring her home and lay her to rest, so that maybe we might have a chance of rest ourselves. 
 But don't expect us to show that to you     in ways that you might expect. 
 We're different now to who we were, and to everyone else. 
 I completely understand. 
 Er... 
 These are her diaries. 
 The original investigation obviously has copies of them, but... 
 but these were who Hayley was. 
 Not the minx in the News Of The World, not the charity volunteer in the Guardian. 
 She was just an ordinary girl who used to drink vodka and swore a lot     and sometimes she was really irritating and sometimes she was f*cking brilliant. 
 Just... a normal   -year-old girl like I was. 
 And I loved her so much. 
 SHE CLEARS HER THROAT SOFTLY   
 Thank you, Jessica. 
 Thanks. 
 DOOR CLOSES     
 SHE SIGHS   
 Six will be perfect. 
 Thanks so much. 
 Bye now. 
 So, they have the parts and they can do it in    minutes. 
 Do you know Lymmington Yard? 
 Yeah. 
 Right, well, let's drive down there together and get it fixed right now, and you have a photo of Frankie, I can get some photocopies done, and you can stick them up on all the trees and lampposts and whatever round here, how's that sound? 
 I'm so sorry, Tim. 
 I'm so sorry you had to come all this way. 
 This is very simple stuff and it's pathetic. 
 It was just too much. 
 Mate, it was just bad luck. 
 Would have floored anyone. 
 Don't be so hard on yourself. 
 You're doing incredibly well and we're all just really proud of you, OK? 
 Come on. 
 EXCITED CHEERING    
 CHILDREN CHEER   
 Hey, hey! 
 There he is! 
 HE LAUGHS     Ohh! 
 Hello, Peanut. 
 You said you weren't coming. 
 I know, but I bunked off work. 
 Don't tell anyone. 
 Where's Mum? 
 Oh, she's over there, talking to Felix's dad. 
 Mum, Mum, Dad's here. 
 He's over there. 
 Oh, yeah. 
 Hey! 
 This is a nice surprise. 
 Is it? 
 Good. 
 WOMAN: Next race, please. 
 Oh, that's me. 
 I stuck a cheque in the joint account this morning. 
 Couple of deals came through, so... hope that helps. 
 Thank you. 
 Let's go and find a good spot. 
 Hm! 
 I wrote that. 
 I'm sorry? 
 Top of the Glass. 
 '  , I think it was. 
 Not one of my better efforts. 
 Huh. 
 KEYBOARD CLICKS   
 OK, I got, er,    of these done. 
 Should be enough. 
 I spoke to Rob at your gallery. 
 He says you still have another  ,   lodged with him. 
 Yeah. 
 But if you need any more for this deposit, which I think is a brilliant idea, by the way, just give me a shout. 
 You can always pay me back when you sell your next paintings. 
 Thank you. 
 But I do think you should consider if it's time to... 
 well, to think about opening a bank account aga... 
 No. 
 No... 
 No... 
 No bank accounts, never. 
 No, sorry. 
 OK, it's your call. 
 Look, I need to shoot. 
 Erm... 
 And we need to have this drink, the four of us. 
 Well, I-I can ring Pete, and maybe you ring Jamie. 
 Deal. 
 Look after yourself. 
 We didn't actually get the call till the following morning. 
 Her parents had assumed that she'd gone straight to the party after work. 
 The first inkling they had that anything was wrong was when she wasn't in her bedroom in the morning. 
 And after you'd spoken to them... 
 ..what was your first instinct? 
 Mine or my guvnor's? 
 Both? 
 Well, for various reasons, DCI Pearson believed she might have travelled up to London that night, possibly with her boyfriend. 
 And given where she was found, he might have been right, but... 
 I never really bought that idea. 
 Because? 
 There's nothing we learned from speaking to her parents, her sister or any of her friends suggested she was the sort of person who would have just upped sticks like that without telling anyone. 
 And where was her sister that night? 
 She was at another party ten miles away. 
 She slept over. 
 And in the end, DCI Pearson came round to thinking same as you? 
 In the end, yeah. 
 But we lost five days to her being treated as a runaway, time when we could have had search teams out, thermal imaging cameras, press appeals. 
 Yeah, we lost a lot of momentum. 
 I don't know what to say. 
 What SHOULD I say? 
 I just... 
 Maybe you don't have to say anything. 
 Maybe you don't always have to talk. 
 I just... 
 I really do wanna try to understand. 
 I mean, is this...? 
 Do you just wanna dress like this, or...? 
 Or... 
 ..do I want to cut my cock off? 
 I don't know. 
 I just know that one day I wanna wake up and maybe not feel different. 
 Why don't I take the rest of the day off and...? 
 No, no, no. 
 Please, it might help just to... 
 Dad, this isn't about the past. 
 Or at least not the past you're talking about. 
 I'm just a fuck-up. 
 No. 
 And I always was. 
 Eliot, don't go. 
 I'll see you later. 
 I love you. 
 I love you, too. 
 So... 
 how did the boyfriend fit into all of this? 
 Well, Hayley had started going out with him in the September just before her   th, and Dave Pearson got it into his head that because Mullery was   , that their... 
 well, there was something abusive about their relationship. 
 But you didn't feel that? 
 No, not really. 
 He looked a lot younger than he was, he acted younger, and Hayley was quite mature for her age, so I just thought they kind of met in the middle. 
 We also never found a shred of evidence to suggest that she'd been in his car that night. 
 So when he was discounted, what were your main lines of enquiry? 
 Again, DCI Pearson's theories, that maybe she hadn't travelled up to London that night with Mullery, but that she'd hitched up there, to follow him, and that whoever picked her up had killed her. 
 Or that she'd got to London safely but had been unable to find him and some random stranger had killed her there. 
 Did you ever find any evidence that she HAD travelled to London? 
 No. 
 So then we started exploring whether she might actually have gone home straight after her shift and that her father had murdered her after some sort of domestic row. 
 And her mum wasn't home that night? 
 No, she was working at a local pub between nine and one, so the timing could have worked, but... 
 we never found any evidence of any altercation at the house, there was no apparent history of any fighting, and there was no evidence of anything darker, like abuse or anything like that. 
 What about other locals? 
 Yeah, we looked at the other boyfriends, but they all had good alibis, so then we looked at all local men within a   -mile radius who were on the Sexual Offenders Register, but they all had watertight alibis, too. 
 It was the Millennium,     so a lot of people spent those hours in very public places. 
 It was another complete blank. 
 HE SIGHS What can I say? 
 We let Hayley and her family down... 
 ..and I remain... deeply ashamed of the way the case was handled initially. 
 Right, I'm gonna head on up, Guv. 
 Mm. 
 I might have a wander, get a feel for the place. 
 Not tired. 
 No worries. 
 See you in the morning. 
 Yeah, night, Sunny. 
 Night. 
 So there's absolutely no evidence suggesting she did travel up to London that night. 
 No. 
 Similarly, there's an odd lack of any leads connecting her to someone here. 
 Yeah. 
 So... 
 ..what if she was brought up to London already dead? 
 Killed down here and then disposed of in London? 
 Yeah. 
 Why would someone do that, drive   ,    miles to dispose of a body? 
 Because you bury people somewhere you know, an... an environment you feel comfortable in. 
 You think the killer's from London? 
 Near the burial site, probably. 
 And drove down here specifically to kill? 
 No. 
 I think they might have already been here. 
 In a holiday rental. 
 OK, after Easter and summer, Christmas and New Year will be the busiest time for holiday lets. 
 My brother does it every year with his family, heads down day after Boxing Day, stays, dunno, four or five days, heads back... 
 nd,  rd,  th. 
 Right. 
 Right, right. 
 Don't you think... 
 ..packing a dead body with the wellies and the dirty washing would be a bit tricky? 
 Mm. 
 If they were with family, yeah, yeah, maybe that part needs finessing, but the... 
 ..the basic idea? 
 Yeah, it's a theory. 
 Mm. 
 Anyway, maybe sleep on it. 
 Nice PJs, by the way. 
 Very... snazzy. 
 Night. 
 SHE LAUGHS   
 Murray and Fran are here, they're just parking up. 
 SHE SIGHS    
 All the papers have it. 
 The Sun has an interview with a friend of the dad. 
 SHE SIGHS    
 And that lot arrived about an hour ago. 
 Does anyone care that we haven't actually confirmed it's her yet? 
 It's not really about Hayley for them, though, is it? 
 'A quick walk through the centre of Middenham 'reveals a town that still bears the scars 'of those devastating events that unfolded    years ago.' Mr Carr, I'm afraid Mr Thomas has had to cancel the meeting. 
 Fine. 
 'And if, as is strongly suspected, the remains found earlier this week 'under the central reservation of the M  motorway 'ARE those of Hayley Reid, 'then one can only imagine the grief that that will inflict on her family 'and the rest of this tightknit community. 
 'Hayley was just 'when she disappeared on New Year's Eve     . 
 'She was last seen shortly after midnight, 'after finishing her shift at the local pub. 
 'She was meant to be on her way to a fancy dress party, 'but she never arrived. 
 'The investigation into Hayley's disappearance 'was one of the largest ever mounted by Hampshire Police, 'with costs estimated over £  million. 
 'And if it is confirmed to be Hayley 'then there are bound to be serious questions asked 'both about the original investigation 'and why no-one was ever charged 'in connection with her disappearance.' That's all you've got time for this week, but make sure you join us next week... 
 Sorry, James, can we go again on the wrap-up, please? 
 Sorry? 
 I think you said, "All YOU'VE got time for". 
 Did I? 
 Yeah, not a problem. 
 Can we just pick it up from the same place, please? 
 Whatever. 
 OK. 
 And three, two, one... 
 I'm afraid that's all we've got time for this week, but joins us again next... 
 Oh, bollocks, I said "joins". 
 No worries, yep. 
 Er, just from the same place again, then, please. 
 You know what? 
 I need a break. 
 Are you OK, James? 
 I'm fine. 
 Just give me ten minutes. 
 I'm not feeling    %. 
 MURMURING  
 sh1t, sh1t, sh1t. 
 TAPPING  
 RINGING TONE    
 'Please leave a message after the tone.'   
 BEEP Els, it's me. 
 I just... 
 C... 
 Can you call me, please? 
 I want to know that you're OK. 
 Love you. 
 Cos Mum had said he was always nice as pie when I was there. 
 
 
 
 I... 
 I pretended to go out, I said I was going shopping, and closed the front door, but, erm... 
 actually, I just went into the kitchen, which was next to her room. 
 OK, and what did you hear there? 
 Well, I heard my mum being a pain in the bum, which she could be, fair play. 
 And then I-I... 
 I just heard him go for her. 
 And how do you mean "go for her", Mrs Pinion? 
 Well, not... 
 not like he... 
 he lost it or anything. 
 He never raised his voice, he just... 
 He had this really... 
 calm, quiet way of talking, and he just kept telling her what a horrible old bitch she was... 
 ..what a... what a burden. 
 And... at one point I definitely heard him say that he was going to give her an overdose to be rid of her... 
 ..cos she was so much trouble... 
 MRS PINION SNIFFS   
 So, we've spoken to every lettings agency within a five-mile radius. 
 There are approximately properties in this area available for rental at New Year. 
 Right. 
 Average adult occupancy is four, so... knock off half cos they're women, you've got about possible male suspects. 
 Boss. 
 DNA's confirmed that it's Hayley. 
 OK. 
 And, er, Andrews wants you to make a holding statement. 
 Here? 
 Yeah, the press office are gonna send you something. 
 SHE SIGHS Right. 
 OK, erm, can you contact Jessica and the parents, let them know about the ID? 
 Fran, you speak to the press. 
 Tell them    minutes. 
 And do you want us to start pulling together lettings information for the Millennium? 
 No, hold fire for now. 
 Can you find me a printer I can use? 
 OK, Guv. 
 I won't keep you long, Mrs Pinion, just three quick questions. 
 How many other allegations have you made against GPs in Dr Finch's practice? 
 Two, but... 
 Thank you. 
 And how many other practices have you been banned from in the Hamhurst region for making repeated complaints? 
 I left them. 
 How many? 
 A couple. 
 I think the record will show it's actually four. 
 And last question - in how many instances have you attempted to achieve a financial settlement before a tribunal hearing? 
 Perhaps I can help here. 
 It's all of them, isn't it? 
 Thank you. 
 Pete's not in the office at the moment, I'm afraid, Ms Salthouse, but I'm his PA, perhaps I can help you. 
 'Well, I certainly hope so.' Your salesman Mr Carr sold my father a cash ISA the other day, and we want to cancel it, please. 
 It's still within the   -day timeframe. 
 'OK, can I just ask why?' He doesn't need a cash ISA, and Carr should have known that. 
 Right, OK, if you could just hang on a sec and I'll dig out the... 
 Erm... 
 When was it your father saw him, Ms Salthouse? 
 I can't see any paperwork here. 
 'Monday, and it's definitely all gone through. 
 'The cheque was cashed this morning.' Right, OK, well, no worries... 
 Good afternoon. 
 I'd like to make a brief statement. 
 I'll not be answering questions today, but we will be holding a more detailed press conference in London in due course. 
 I can now confirm that the remains of the young woman found in north London four days ago were those of Hayley Louise Reid. 
 Her parents, Gordon and Suzanne, have been informed of this... 
 ..and on behalf of the Metropolitan Police, we would like to offer our deepest sympathy to them and their family. 
 The investigation into Hayley's death has been reopened... 
 ..and I want to assure the Reid family and the wider community that we will now turn all of our very best efforts to finding the person responsible for this dreadful crime. 
 Thank you very much. 
 REPORTERS CLAMOUR   
 Have the police made any formal apologises? 
 DCI Stuart, why are the police so sh1t? 
 ROOM FALLS SILENT    
 MAN: Did you get that? 
 What a w*nk*r. 
 He just wanted a good photo. 
 I shouldn't have reacted. 
 WOMAN: DCI Stuart? 
 She said no questions. 
 What part of that do you not understand? 
 I'm... 
 I'm not press. 
 Hayley was a friend of mine. 
 And there's something I need to tell you. 
 years ago, two days before Hayley went missing... 
 ..when I was supposed to be doing a cleaning job... 
 ..I was actually in the park meeting a lad... 
 ..and Hayley, who was a mate... 
 ..did the job for me. 
 I genuinely... didn't think the information would be useful to the investigation, but I knew if my parents had have found out, I'd have been in such deep sh1t, so I never told anyone. 
 Over the years, I always wondered whether the information might be relevant. 
 But... every year that went past, the easier it became... to bury it... 
 ...this little... nagging voice saying I should tell someone. 
 Oh, and then today, one of your officers came in to our office, asking about our holiday lettings... 
 ..and my stomach turned... 
 ..because... 
 the cleaning job... 
 ..it was in a holiday rental. 
 KNOCK ON DOOR   
 The property was called The Spinney, and she thinks it's still on the books of an agency called Durrell & Martin. 
 They were one of the ones we spoke to earlier. 
 'Well, speak to them again, call me back.' OK, Guv. 
 The last hours just made me see really that it was naive of me to think that I could live a normal life with you and Asif, more importantly that I could look after you both when, obviously, I'm still struggling to look after myself. 
 Well, I wish now I'd not... 
 hesitated when you asked and maybe missed a wonderful opportunity. 
 It's OK. 
 You know, you don't need to. 
 And the only reason that I did pause.. 
 ..was because I never thought you saw me that way. 
 And, of course, I know you struggle... 
 SHE SIGHS ..but I do, too. 
 I think we both have things in our past that have hurt us. 
 But I also know you're a good person, Chris. 
 Kind... 
 ..and generous and clever... 
 who Asif adores. 
 And, actually, I would feel very lucky to be able to help you grow stronger, to look after you for a time... 
 ..so that one day soon enough I'm sure... 
 ..you would be able to look after us. 
 Mila! 
 Mila. 
 Beautiful girl. 
 You have no idea. 
 DOG BARKS    
 It's Frank. 
 Frank's back! 
 THEY LAUGH    
 Paper? 
 INDISTINCT REPLY  
 All of it? 
 Pete, it was three grand. 
 Exactly! 
 Oh! 
 The boiler will be two... 
 ..we haven't paid any bills since October, and both the boys needed winter clothes. 
 Right, sure, but I'm surprised at the... 
 Surprised at what? 
 This isn't Hong Kong, you know, whatever weird, endlessly delayed adolescence you lived over there, which, frankly, freaks me out the more I think about it. 
 This is your life now, and it costs money, constantly, which has to be earned, with hard work, constantly. 
 It's been six years, Pete. 
 You have responsibilities. 
 Start living up to them. 
 Dad, we discussed it last night. 
 We absolutely did not. 
 You said you could do the afternoon, but you couldn't do the morning because Jenny had a doctor's appointment. 
 That's why I booked the plumber for two. 
 I suppose there's no chance it was YOU who made a mistake? 
 I suppose it always has to be my fault? 
 Oh! 
 Fine, forget about it. 
 I'll get him to come Saturday. 
 So what did you guys get up to today? 
 We went clothes shopping. 
 Mm. 
 Early birthday pressie for Jenny. 
 Very nice. 
 She like Primark, too, does she? 
 Harvey Nick's, actually. 
 Bloody hell, Dad, she does know you have a heart condition, doesn't she? 
 Actually, it was my idea. 
 And, tell you what, it was really nice to be able to treat someone again. 
 Yeah, I bet. 
 She's a lucky woman. 
 Not as lucky as me. 
 You hungry? 
 Starving. 
 I'd forgotten that's who we let it to. 
 James Hollis? 
 That's THE James Hollis, the TV guy. 
 I don't watch a lot of television. 
 Well, he's mainly a journalist, but he also does that quiz show on the BBC. 
 SHE CHUCKLES  
 Well, anyway, that's him. 
 Took The Spinney for the Millennium from the   th to the  nd, erm... 
 along with... 
 yeah, three other families. 
 Do you mind if I get a copy of that, please? 
 Yeah. 
 SHE SIGHS    
 Boss. 
 Hey. 
 Oh, man, a teenager's diary. 
 So much angst, so much joy. 
 Mm. 
 Yeah, I flicked through it last night. 
 It's not an easy read, is it? 
 No. 
 What's up? 
 Murray found the bloke who rented the house. 
 Oh, wow, good work. 
 Yeah. 
 And he only lives, er, -minute walk from here, so I thought why don't we just head down there now? 
 What, NOW now? 
 Yeah, why not? 
 Yeah, why not. 
 Guess who it is. 
 Who? 
 James Hollis. 
 What, the, er, writer guy? 
 Yep. 
 The TV guy? 
 Yeah! 
 Blimey. 
 My mum used to love him. 
 "Thinking woman's muffin", she always called him. 
 I'd say, "Mum, it's crumpet," and she'd say, "I know what I mean."   
 I don't even know why that's funny. 
 BELL TINKLES     I'll get it. 
 Hello. 
 Have we got the right address for James Hollis, please? 
 Thank you, Lin. 
 Hello? 
 Hi, Mr Hollis? 
 Yes. 
 DCI Cass Stuart and DI Sunny Khan. 
 We wondered if you had five minutes, please, to help us with a case we're investigating. 
 What case? 
 Er... 
 Well, it's an historical murder case, and we just wanted to ask some questions about a house we believe you rented near Middenham in late December     . 
 I will be more than happy to answer absolutely any questions you want to ask me, but I will need my lawyer present, I'm afraid. 
 Oh, OK. 
 It's really just an informal chat. 
 We're trying to get some background information. 
 Give me your card and I'll get my lawyer to make an appointment. 
 No problem. 
 There you go. 
 As soon as you can, please. 
 Absolutely. 
 Thank you. 
 Bye-bye. 
 SHE CLEARS HER THROAT  
 Interesting. 
 Very. 
 Who was it? 
 Amazon. 
 A book I ordered. 
 Els, it's Dad again. 
 It's happened, sweetheart. 
 They've come. 
 The police. 
 About her. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 