Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 04x01 - Episode 1 - Unforgotten 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 04x01 - Episode 1 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=462&t=43015 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/23/21 09:31 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 04x01 - Episode 1 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 RADIO PLAYING, MAN SINGING ALONG TUNELESSLY  ♪  I love you more and more... 
 ♪   Yeah, put 'em on top of the other one. 
 Easy! 
 That's it. 
 Just there, mate. 
 Oi! 
 3-0, mate. 
 Oh, my days. 
 FA Cup, mate, who gives a toss? 
 You do, mate! 
 HE CHUCKLES  Tel! 
 Yeah? 
 Ray? 
 What is it? 
 Hold the work, Gav! 
 Hold it. 
 ♪  All we do is hide away  ♪  All we do is All we do is hide away  ♪  All we do is lie in wait  ♪  All we do is All we do is lie in wait  ♪  I've been upside down  ♪  I don't wanna be The right way round  ♪  Can't find paradise On the ground. 
 ♪   No, the girls will do it. 
 'The girls?' Why would I pay someone to pack  when I've got children I can exploit? 
 Wow. 
 Do they wanna do mine? 
 'I'm sure we can come to some arrangement.' 
Listen, I've gotta go. 
 'OK. 
 Will I see you tonight?'  Dunno, got a feeling it's gonna be a late one. 
 I'll call you. 
 OK, love you. 
 'Love you, too.'  You ready? 
 Yeah, all good. 
 WATER SPLASHES  What time you in? 
 One. 
 You want me to drive you? 
 Hm, no, thanks. 
 I need to be on my own for half an hour. 
 Prepare myself. 
 Calm myself. 
 Adam! 
 The estate agent's coming at ten. 
 I want you up! 
 21 years old... 
 OK, well, I might as well head back down now,  beat the afternoon traffic. 
 You're going back down? 
 Yeah. 
 I've got the interview tomorrow. 
 Oh, yeah, of course. 
 Sorry, sorry. 
 I mean, I could try to reschedule... 
 No, no, no, it's not a problem, I was just... 
 Right, I'm coming up with a bucket of water! 
 So I asked her to clean one little chimney, one tiny little chimney,  suddenly, social services are involved. 
 I mean, it's not like she was a little kid or anything,  this was when she was 12, for crying out loud. 
 This is a joke, isn't it? 
 I get it. 
 Very funny. 
 Hello, boss. 
 Hey, Murray, tell me. 
 The owner found the body first thing,  round the side of that heap there. 
 We've marked and filmed the spot where it was found. 
 Now, security is very good. 
 Lot of valuable metal on site, so the owner doesn't think  it could've been dumped illicitly. 
 Out of hours, I mean. 
 So...? 
 Best guess is, part of a regular drop,  maybe inside something? 
 And what are their records like? 
 Fully compliant. 
 I've asked for the last 48 hours to get started. 
 Good. 
 Let's have a look. 
 Morning. 
 Oh, hey, Sunny, how you doing? 
 Yeah, fine, thanks, Leanne. 
 HE SIGHS  So what do we think, age-wise, 20, 30? 
 It's hard to tell for sure without teeth,  but, from the general condition of the body, yeah,  a relatively young adult male. 
 Can you tell if the wounds were pre or post-mortem? 
 I think post, no obvious vital reaction around the wounds  to the naked eye, but I need to take a closer look in the lab. 
 Also, this sort of mutilation is usually done post-mortem,  to facilitate disposal and obscure ID. 
 Exactly. 
 Any obvious cause of death? 
 No, not that I can see. 
 I need to get him back to the lab and open him up. 
 All I can see externally that's odd is this. 
 Looks kind of wrinkled. 
 Yeah. 
 And when I first saw it, I wasn't sure what it was,  but it sort of looked familiar. 
 And after I took a temperature, I realised exactly what it was. 
 This was my thermometer. 
 It snapped in two after I tried to insert it. 
 I was more careful with my spare and got a reading. 
 The inside of the body is minus 15. 
 Frozen? 
 Solid. 
 And those marks... 
 You know when you put a piece of meat in the freezer  without wrapping it properly  and it develops a kind of weird wrinkle pattern? 
 I think that's what we have here. 
 TRAFFIC BEEPING, MUSIC PLAYING  What a day, what a day. 
 Oh, that is definitely your colour. 
 Hey... 
 that's for you. 
 Thank you, Chacha Ram. 
 DOOR CLOSES Oh. 
 HE PANTS  You're late. 
 Oh, don't give me grief, mate, I've got a monster hangover. 
 Hm. 
 Ah, Ramjeet, my gorgeous boy. 
 How are you? 
 Very well, Mama, happy birthday. 
 How are you today? 
 Oh, not so bad. 
 Yesterday, not so good, but today, so-so.. 
 Well, if I'd had as many 70ths as you, I'd be pretty happy, you know. 
 All right, chuckles? 
 So, who thinks they deserve a present? 
 Oh, you shouldn't have... 
 Aw. 
 1.8. 
 And are we sure about carpet? 
 It's warmer. 
 Makes it feel more welcoming. 
 More like you're at home. 
 Although maybe people don't wanna feel like they're at home? 
 Maybe they wanna feel like they're in a medical setting. 
 Well, we can't afford real wood. 
 And veneer looks pony, so... 
 Well, I'm just saying, for the consulting rooms. 
 Give it a bloody rest, Geoff, please... 
 It's just a suggestion. 
 I mean, I don't even wanna be here. 
 This is not even my idea, so... 
 It's hard enough as it is  without you spending money we do not have. 
 Carpet it is. 
 PHONE RINGS  Amy? 
 Yeah. 
 Yeah. 
 Hang on. 
 Can you zip over to my brother's office tomorrow after work? 
 Why? 
 Just mortgage stuff. 
 Last few forms. 
 Is there a problem? 
 Well, apparently, you've been laundering money for the Ruskies... 
 Six OK? 
 Fine. 
 Yep, that's cool. 
 We'll be there at six. 
 Yeah, and can you bring that statement of earnings... 
 VOICE FADES  So, why the hell would you screw a freezer door shut? 
 Right. 
 Well, that looks very much like blood to me. 
 And if it's his, we might just have a shout  in finding out who he is and maybe where he comes from. 
 They just won't budge, I'm so sorry. 
 As I say, they're very happy with the first six months as sick leave,  and they're happy to go half pay for another six,  but, er... 
 they just won't allow a medical retirement. 
 Which obviously still leaves you three months shy  of your full 30 years. 
 And I'm as angry as you are. 
 Because I know five years ago,  they just would have waved this through without a second thought. 
 Maybe, in five years, they will. 
 But... now? 
 You know what it's like, Cass. 
 They're still counting every single penny. 
 And what was that figure again? 
 What does it equate to, exactly? 
 Erm... 
 It's, er... 
 £124,467. 
 That I'd lose. 
 Despite me not being able to come back three months ago. 
 Which they say - they, not me -  is not the case. 
 And what the f*ck do they know? 
 Sir. 
 They're bean counters. 
 Never done a single day on the job in their lives. 
 Meaning they have not one single scintilla of an idea  what 30 years of - sorry, 29 years and nine months -  of doing this job does to a person. 
 29 years and nine months of having to mop up the... 
 ..blood and the tears and the... 
 rage and the despair, on a daily basis. 
 This judgement does not recognise that, Sir. 
 This judgment does not cut me any slack. 
 And, again, I'm, er... 
 I'm so sorry, Cass. 
 Yeah, well. 
 Me too. 
 We'll need to go back to them. 
 What do you want me to say? 
 I dunno, I need to think. 
 HUMMING  Hey, Eugenia. 
 Hello, Elizabeth. 
 I'm going to head straight up. 
 Yeah. 
 Hello, Mum. 
 CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYS THROUGH HEADPHONES  Don't! 
 Sorry. 
 Mahler's fifth, fourth movement. 
 You can't really cut that short. 
 Right. 
 You never really caught that particular bug, did you? 
 What bug's that? 
 Music. 
 I love music. 
 Proper music, I mean. 
 Nothing but classical is proper, is it? 
 I know your father always found that rather disappointing. 
 He would've loved to have shared his passion with you. 
 Oh, well, we found lots else to share. 
 SHE SCOFFS  Not really. 
 So, what have you planned today, then? 
 Oh, today, I'm going roller skating,  and tonight I thought I might head into town and try a club (!)  Oh, we're in that sort of mood, are we? 
 Today, I will be mainly lying in bed, Elizabeth, wishing I was dead,  because everyone I ever loved,  liked, or enjoyed spending time with, already is. 
 Right. 
 Well, thanks for that. 
 Well, if you will ask such asinine questions. 
 OK. 
 Er, enjoy your lunch, I'll see you tomorrow. 
 Elizabeth... 
 This soup is cold. 
 I'll ask Eugenia to heat it up. 
 OK, I'm gonna get straight onto that now, boss. 
 OK, no worries, I'll head back with Murray. 
 So, this model was only manufactured between 1998 and 2008,  discontinued 12 years ago. 
 Is that useful? 
 What, in terms of working out how long he's been dead, you mean? 
 Well, coulda just stuck it in this one last week. 
 Just pulled this out of the back pocket of his tracksuit. 
 Oh, man, a Marathon! 
 What's a Marathon? 
 Snickers, that's what they used to call them. 
 They used to call Snickers "Marathon"? 
 Didn't they do a reboot of Marathon last year, or...? 
 Did they? 
 This looks like paper, though,  wouldn't the reboot have been plastic? 
 Yeah, maybe. 
 When did they change it, originally, I mean? 
 God knows, ten years ago? 
 20? 
 What did we do before Google, how was life even worth living? 
 Yeah, there are three ways you make money from a charity event, Jill. 
 There's before, on, and after the night. 
 By far the most important of those is after,  that's where the real money's made. 
 So, it would be great to get some more lots for the auction,  but we've got less than a week to go and I think our priority now  has to be to get those last two tables sold. 
 And the richer the better, please. 
 Yeah. 
 OK, well, look... 
 Yeah, lovely to talk to you, too,  and thank you so much for all your hard work so far. 
 Yeah, and I will see you Wednesday. 
 Yeah. 
 OK. 
 Bye-bye. 
 HE CLEARS HIS THROAT  Dean! 
 You've got to see this. 
 TV PLAYING  ♪  And eyes and ears And mouth and nose  ♪  Heads, shoulders, knees and toes  ♪  Knees and toes... ♪   I thought we were practising spelling our names today. 
 Oh, my gosh! 
 ♪  Heads, shoulders Knees and toes... ♪   Go on. 
 You sing, Dad! 
 HE GIGGLES  I can't stand here and sing, Jack,  I've got very important meetings to go to,  I am a very important man. 
 Mum? 
 I don't know. 
 Erm... 
 I think we'd all like to hear you sing and dance. 
 HE LAUGHS  If this ends up on Facebook, you're dead to me. 
 SHE CHUCKLES Come on. 
 Ready? 
 ♪  Heads, shoulders, knees and toes ♪   Touch your toes! 
 ♪  Eyes... 
 ears... 
 mouth... 
 nose... 
 ♪   That's it. 
 ♪  Heads, shoulders Knees and toes... 
 ♪   I'm so sorry. 
 Yeah. 
 What are you gonna do? 
 What can I do? 
 There's always projects, Cass, jump on one of those. 
 Or take a job in admin or... 
 I'm not taking a job in f*cking admin. 
 OK. 
 Well, come back in with us, then. 
 And lose it again? 
 It was one man. 
 You think? 
 It was everything, Sunny. 
 It was Finch, it was 30 years of doing this sh1t,  it was the Walker case, what I did... 
 What we did. 
 Everything. 
 And being away from it, the questions fade. 
 Well, they don't go away, but they fade. 
 I.... 
 I don't know what to say, Cass. 
 Nope. 
 Me neither. 
 How's John? 
 Yeah, good, thanks. 
 And the boys? 
 Er, Adie's driving me nuts but, yeah,  all good in the broad scheme of things. 
 How's your dad? 
 I told you it was rapid onset? 
 Mm. 
 Um, so, lots of memory issues, obviously,  but lots of anger, too, and depression. 
 How aware do you think he is of it all? 
 Oh, often very. 
 Which is where the mood swings come from. 
 It's completely terrifying for him. 
 Oh, sh1t. 
 Cass, I'm really sorry. 
 I'd better head. 
 Ran into Jake earlier, he told me about the case. 
 Fiver if you know when Marathons changed to Snickers. 
 2000. 
 Way out, 1990. 
 Oh, wow. 
 Where did my life go? 
 Yeah, the victim, erm, had a Marathon wrapper in his pocket  we're checking it for DNA. 
 And Jake said you think he'd been kept in a freezer? 
 Pretty sure now. 
 The lab's confirmed traces of blood in a freezer found near the body. 
 What, and you're thinking he'd been in there since the '90s? 
 Dunno. 
 Weird. 
 Why would someone keep a body for 30 years? 
 Do you know yet how it got to the dump? 
 Murray's going through their records  and we're checking mispers two years either side of 1990. 
 The victim had a Millwall tat on his arm, which will help. 
 Hm. 
 I gotta go. 
 It was lovely to see you. 
 Sorry I'm grumpy. 
 Well, luckily, I'm very nice, so I forgive you. 
 When you find the right vehicle, check to see what else they dumped. 
 Cos there might be a second freezer, that has the rest of him in it. 
 Still got it. 
 TRAFFIC OUTSIDE  DOOR OPENS AND CLOSES  Ah, of course. 
 The windowsill. 
 What is it with you and the windowsill? 
 Reminds me where I came from, innit, bruv. 
 Reminds me of a day, 40 years ago, sitting here,  looking down, feeling half petrified and half "f*ck, yeah."  First time ever we showed 'em we weren't the smiley, waggly-headed  It Ain't Half Hot, Mum twats they wanted us to be. 
 Hm, it's good to be reminded of that every once in a while... 
 ..cos we both know it ain't over. 
 Nowhere near. 
 No, no, that's really helpful, thanks. 
 Thank you. 
 So, the serial number on the freezer? 
 It links to a purchase made in August 2001,  from a branch of Curry's in Croydon. 
 Please tell me you have a name? 
 I have a name. 
 Mr Robert Fogerty. 
 Brilliant. 
 Address? 
 Address no longer existing,  it was a block of flats demolished seven years ago. 
 Sorry, did you just say Fogerty? 
 Yeah. 
 I was on the phone to the firm that dumped the freezer. 
 They're a household clearance firm,  and they're actually contracted by Haringey Council,  but the house they cleared, the house the freezer came from,  was owned by a Mr Robert Fogerty. 
 Get in. 
 "Was"? 
 He died two months ago. 
 CHATTER  Hi, Claire. 
 Oh, hi, Dean. 
 Er, these need signing, it's the Morrison contracts. 
 OK. 
 And then these are the VAT exemptions for the Belgian deal. 
 And then a man called Felix called? 
 Felix? 
 Yeah. 
 No message, just asked if you could call him asap. 
 He said you'd know what it was about. 
 Right, OK. 
 Erm, can you take that to the post for me? 
 Sure. 
 Thanks. 
 Hey. 
 Hello. 
 You're not meant to be here. 
 Yeah, I changed the interview to next week. 
 SHE SIGHS  Oh, my love. 
 That is very sweet of you, thank you. 
 I'm so pleased to see you. 
 What a great day I've had. 
 They didn't... 
 Yeah, they did. 
 HE SIGHS  Cos of three lousy months? 
 Listen, I need to be at my dad's in half an hour  so I'm gonna have a quick shower,  and then I'll tell you about it on the way. 
 So, he lived here alone? 
 Yeah. 
 He'd been dead about six weeks, so you can imagine the state of him. 
 House was disgusting, as well, rubbish everywhere. 
 And do you know what he died of? 
 Heart attack, they think. 
 He weren't old. 
 Late 40s, apparently,  but the neighbours said he drank from morning to night. 
 So, this is where it was. 
 It was still plugged in, electricity still on,  it had this odd bracket on it, so you couldn't open it. 
 OK. 
 You didn't think it was... 
 unusually heavy? 
 I didn't really give it any thought, to be honest. 
 The money was rubbish, it always is for the Council. 
 It was a get in and get out job. 
 Plus, we knew it was going to the dump anyway, so... 
 And there was definitely no other freezer in the house? 
 No. 
 Hm. 
 And what about everything else, his... 
 the furniture, personal possessions? 
 That's at our warehouse, waiting to get sorted. 
 OK. 
 And no relatives took anything before you came in? 
 There were no relatives. 
 No will, apparently, no nothing. 
 OK. 
 So, DC Collier here will need to go through  everything that you removed from the house. 
 Why? 
 Because the body that we found in this freezer, sir, was not whole  and you might be storing the rest of him. 
 Eh? 
 Bottom line, I know, unequivocally, I don't wanna go back. 
 I've already given the job everything I have. 
 So, the only other option is giving up the money. 
 And for what it's worth, I think we could absolutely manage without it. 
 And if it was just you and me, yeah, I think we could. 
 But I've no idea what my dad might need in the next year or two. 
 So I think... 
 I actually have no choice. 
 It's... 
 PHONE RINGS  DI Sunny Khan. 
 Oh, hi, Leanne. 
 How are you doing? 
 Yeah, all good. 
 Good. 
 VOICE FADES  I've got 31 blokes here who chose to get a Millwall tattoo. 
 31. 
 I will never cease to be amazed by the vagaries of human nature. 
 So, no obvious cause of death. 
 'Not with what I have.'  Nothing from toxicology either,  which would suggest if there is anything to find,  it's gonna be with the head. 
 So, we need the rest of him. 
 'Please.'  I'll call you. 
 'OK. 
 Bye.'  BEEPS  Well, I think they're perfectly within their rights. 
 Really? 
 Listen, they want and need people to stay for 30 years,  so if they start making exceptions for someone  who's just had enough... 
 "Just had enough"? 
 
 
 
 ..tomorrow, some bloke comes along and says,  "Oh, well, in that case, can I finish six months earlier?"  I haven't "just had enough," I've been off sick. 
 Yeah, well, that's another bloody con. 
 Another what? 
 Cass... 
 I mean, you lot, you take a day off if you break a... 
 a thing... 
 What's that at the end of my... 
 A fingernail... 
 A f*cking fingernail! 
 And who pays for it, eh? 
 Us. 
 Bloody muggins taxpayers. 
 Your sick pay, your pensions. 
 Jesus Christ, I'd have died to have had a pension like you get. 
 Which I have been paying into for 30 years. 
 29 years and nine months, I think you'll find. 
 We should be heading, early start tomorrow. 
 MUFFLED SQUABBLING UPSTAIRS  Cassie. 
 Sorry about that, it's not him, it's... 
 I know, it's fine, and I'm sure you have it much worse than me. 
 No, he seems OK with me. 
 And, listen, obviously, tonight wasn't the right time,  but when you get a moment,  I know he wants to talk to you about his will. 
 His will? 
 He keeps mentioning it, it's making him stressed,  so how about I call you and we get a date in the diary? 
 Sure, whatever. 
 Night, Jenny. 
 Bye. 
 And then each month is basically a montage of the photos  taken of us that month in the last 11 years. 
 Molls, that is so lovely, thank you. 
 She's gonna love that. 
 Did you hear that, matey? 
 What? 
 Have you sorted something out for Mother's Day? 
 Mother's Day? 
 Oh, my God, Sam, I have reminded you a thousand times. 
 OK, come on, guys, we're late. 
 Well, if you're sure? 
 Cos there are any number of projects  I could assign you to. 
 Your skills would be invaluable and... 
 No, if I have to be here, I might as well do what I do. 
 And I'm up to speed on the Fogerty case  so I'll start straight away on that if that's OK. 
 Sure. 
 And I'll get occ health  to devise a structured return timetable, ease you in. 
 Whatever. 
 It's only three months, Cass. 
 It's a good thing to remind them of, even if it does feel forced. 
 Sorry? 
 Sunday. 
 Mother's Day. 
 Oh. 
 Yeah. 
 The messed up families I see on a daily basis... 
 And not having known my own parents. 
 It's good to remind them just how lucky they are. 
 Have a good day. 
 Morning, Pearl. 
 Morning, Fiona. 
 Elizabeth? 
 Do you have five minutes? 
 I'm actually in a bit of a rush, Eugenia, but... 
 Yeah, sure, what's up? 
 I'm thinking of leaving. 
 Gosh. 
 Right, er... 
 I'm sorry to hear that. 
 Do you mind if I ask why? 
 The work is... 
 hard. 
 Your mother can be difficult, I am sure you know this. 
 Yes. 
 But it's a good job. 
 It's satisfying and worthwhile, I hope,  and I'm lucky, I know this. 
 But I'm struggling with the money. 
 I've been working here for three years,  and my pay has only gone up by £1 an hour in that time. 
 Which is actually more than inflation  and more than the going rate for the job. 
 I'm sure. 
 All I can say is.... 
 I struggle. 
 I'm not greedy, but... rent goes up, heating bills go up,  and I am working as many hours as I can possibly work, but... 
 ..life is very hard for me and my daughter,  very hard. 
 And I don't want to lose you. 
 Maybe we can speak at the end of the week? 
 Please, I would appreciate that very much. 
 OK, no problem. 
 And thank you for listening. 
 The problem is, Kai... the repeated lying. 
 It benefits no-one. 
 And certainly not you. 
 Because if we lie to the people closest to us,  it destroys trust, of course. 
 But, also, it stops people knowing us. 
 Or being able to understand us. 
 And if you can't understand someone... 
 ..how can we ever begin to help them when they're struggling? 
 EXHALES LOUDLY  MACHINE BEEPS  Morning. 
 Morning. 
 Hi, boss. 
 Morning. 
 Hiya. 
 Morning. 
 Morning. 
 So, what did you say to them? 
 What you told me to, that you didn't want a fuss. 
 Yeah, more of a fuss than that. 
 That was like I went out to get a cup of bleedin' tea. 
 You OK? 
 Yeah. 
 Just gonna keep my head down, Sunny. 
 Do the job, not get too involved. 
 It'll be fine. 
 It will. 
 So, Fogerty, where are we? 
 OK, erm, so we got one little tickle on the intel system,  a PNC record for a drink drive conviction from 1990. 
 1990? 
 Marathon year, OK, interesting. 
 Exactly. 
 Erm, it says there are further details on the microfiche,  so I've made an application to get them. 
 Good. 
 Jake's on his way to the house clearance company,  to go through everything they took and didn't dump. 
 Yep. 
 And, most importantly, we're pretty sure we've identified the victim. 
 Mr Fogerty, I presume. 
 RAIN POURS  HEARTBEAT  And that's its heart, there. 
 God, you never get blase  about seeing their hearts for the first time, do you? 
 What number's this, then? 
 It's my third, her first. 
 Oh, congratulations. 
 Thank you. 
 My first day on this unit. 
 Well, we'll stick together. 
 And they said on your site you could tell us the s*x? 
 We can, but not this early, I'm afraid. 
 Uh-oh! 
 Look at him, he's literally gonna explode with impatience. 
 Well, at least he's in the right place. 
 God... 
 Just remind me of your age again, Mum? 
 46. 
 Why do you need to know her age? 
 No, no, all good. 
 Tell you what, just wait ten seconds  and I'm gonna have a quick word with my colleague. 
 You... 
 Why d'you need to... 
 DOOR CLOSES  Can't get the staff these days. 
 We think his name was Matthew Kieran Walsh, otherwise known as Matt. 
 He was 24 years old when he disappeared,  he was an apprentice electrician. 
 This was one of several photos given to the original investigation  by his girlfriend at the time, a Karen Chambers. 
 If you compare the tattoo to the one from the autopsy,  you can see this distinct snake design. 
 It's pretty unique,  I've been on Millwall tattoo websites  and I've not seen anything else like it. 
 When did he go missing? 
 He was last seen on 30th March 1990,  near Copsefield Park, West Hendon,  which is about a mile from where he lived, actually. 
 Any good leads at the time? 
 I'm trying to locate the original files,  all that's from the misper database. 
 OK. 
 And do we have any next of kin? 
 We're trying to find up-to-date contact details right now. 
 I'll come straight down. 
 Well, it's not too late. 
 I mean, she's gonna hate it anyway. 
 She'll be OK as long as we sit her next to your friends,  it's just mine she'll be unbearably snobby to. 
 LAUGHS  All I'm saying... 
 All I'm saying... 
 ..is this is meant to be the happiest day of our life. 
 It will be. 
 And I just don't want that evil old cow to spoil anything. 
 I have to invite her, babe, she's my mum. 
 She won't spoil anything. 
 I promise, I won't let her. 
 You're a mystery to me sometimes, Elizabeth Baildon. 
 I would've put her out to pasture years ago. 
 Come on. 
 Present list. 
 Hey. 
 Hey. 
 This just came through, which is interesting... 
 The front page of the Fogerty drink drive stop. 
 Oh, yeah. 
 So, first of all,  the time, date, and where he was stopped. 
 11:37 at night, March 30th 1990, on Colebridge Road,  which turns out to be less than a mile away  from the location of the last known sighting of Matthew Walsh,  which was walking down Townmead Road, near Copsefield Park,  at 10:55. 
 So, less than a mile away on exactly the same night. 
 OK. 
 So, this is good, no? 
 Yeah, I think so,  cos here you've got Walsh, spotted alive and well  just before 11,  and then you've got the guy in whose house we find Walsh's body,  stopped in his car, just down the road, 40 minutes later. 
 With, we might reasonably presume, Walsh's body now in the car? 
 I think if you were a gambling man, that's a strong possibility. 
 Now, that's all fine. 
 That all fits. 
 What's curious is when you read the traffic officer's notes  on the arrest. 
 What was the cop's name? 
 Alan Hamilton, so if you look at his notes there,  you'll see that when Fogerty was pulled over... 
 Oh, wow. 
 There were four other people in the car with him. 
 PHONE RINGS  Hi, is that Felix? 
 'Yup.'  Hi, Felix, it's Dean. 
 Dean Barton. 
 'Dean Barton, hey, mate, long time. 
 Thanks for getting back to me.'  Yeah, no problem, sorry it, er, took a while,  I couldn't find your number anywhere. 
 'No worries.' So, what's up? 
 'Right, well, listen, Dean, bottom line, I need a favour.'  Oh, yeah? 
 What sort of favour? 
 'I've been let down by a massive shipment. 
 'With its passage, I mean, from Calais to here. 
 'And I was wondering if you could possibly help me out.'  Yeah, I don't do that any more, Felix. 
 You know that. 
 It's 11 years now. 
 CHUCKLES  I don't have the contacts any more. 
 I'm just an ordinary businessman these days. 
 So I'm not the guy. 
 Erm, you need someone else. 
 I mean, how much are we even talking about? 
 CHATTER IN DISTANCE  Well, weirdly, I actually remember this incident remarkably well. 
 Oh, OK. 
 Good. 
 Why? 
 Well, cos it was so strange. 
 Nothing like this had ever happened to me before  or, indeed, ever happened again. 
 Wow. 
 Go on. 
 So, as it says here, the car was speeding,  that's why we pulled it over  and when the driver got out, Fogerty,  I could smell alcohol on his breath. 
 He didn't seem drunk, but we did a test and he failed it,  so, obviously, I had to nick him, which was when he started to cry. 
 And he was a big lad, tall. 
 But he was crying like a child, like he was utterly broken-hearted. 
 It was upsetting, you know? 
 Because, well, he seemed like a nice enough kid. 
 I mean, he'd been silly, but as I said to him,  he'd get a couple of points on his licence and a year ban,  but it wasn't the end of the world. 
 Which is when he told me. 
 He was driving back from a party in Hendon. 
 A celebration party. 
 A celebration party for what? 
 Passing out. 
 No... 
 He was a probationer who'd just qualified,  and he was crying because he knew... 
 Well, he knew he'd just f*cked his entire career. 
 And the others, in the car. 
 Had they been at the same party? 
 Yeah. 
 That's why it's stayed in my head all these years. 
 Because all five of them... 
 ..were newly qualified coppers. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 