Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 04x03 - Episode 3 - Unforgotten 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 04x03 - Episode 3 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=462&t=43278 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/11/21 06:51 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 04x03 - Episode 3 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 I want my half of the house to go to Jenny. 
 Not sure what's made you change your mind. 
 Anyone need another cuppa? 
 The Metropolitan Police today released details   of a macabre discovery made in East London.   
 Matthew was no saint. 
 He had half a dozen convictions. 
 In that car were four probationers going by the names of Dean, Fiona, Liz, and Ram. 
 I want to know if any of them are still serving coppers, because if they are, that's gonna be very interesting. 
 Might be back a bit late tonight. 
 I'm gonna go for a run, work some of this stress off. 
 Going for the top job, under the circumstances, balls of steel. 
 Fundraising feels a lot realer than air-con systems. 
 If you ask me for one single thing more, I will make you regret it. 
 Debt paid. 
 DC Collier needs to go through everything you removed. 
 Why? 
 The body that we found in this freezer was not whole. 
 We might have a connection. 
 She said he was Asian. 
 What's the story with you and Lucy Myers? 
 She's saying you were inappropriate with her. 
 If she makes it formal, I'll destroy her. 
 What are you implying? 
 Take him for a beer, get a sense of whether she's manipulating him or not. 
 A small bit of me wants to punish someone. 
 If you see it getting in the way at any point, call me out on it. 
 MUSIC: 'All We Do' by Oh Wonder    
 ♪ All we do is hide away   
 ♪ All we do is All we do is hide away  
 ♪ All we do is lie in wait     
 ♪ All we do is All we do is lie in wait     
 ♪ I've been upside down     
 ♪ I don't wanna be The right way round    
 ♪ Can't find paradise On the ground. ♪    
 BIRDSONG  
 SHE SIGHS    
 - Hey, love. 
 - Hey. 
 You OK? 
 Yeah, just feeling really snotty. 
 Think I'm gonna call in sick. 
 Oh, no, poor you. 
 - You had some cold and flu? 
 - Uh-uh. 
 Sure we've got some here somewhere. 
 And why are we not just sticking this on Fogerty? 
 The body was stored in his house, for Christ's sake. 
 Because four police officers might also be involved. 
 But either way, the suspects who are actually alive seem the best route to the truth, to me. 
 Maybe you disagree? 
 I'll give you    hours to find something concrete suggesting that it wasn't him, or that's what I will go with. 
 Cause of death and the rest of the body would be quite a good start. 
 PHONE RINGS   
 - Hello, sir. 
 -  Morning.   
 I came to find you in your office, but they said you were agile working today. 
 Yeah.   
 I'm just feeling a bit battered after the other day, so I'm... 
 catching up on some paperwork from home. 
 No problem.      Take it easy for a few days, get your strength back. 
 You're gonna need it. 
 I'm sorry? 
 You didn't hear this from me,   but I've just got out of a meeting with the selection panel. 
 You walked it, Lizzie. 
 The chair will call this afternoon, but... the post is yours. 
 That's brilliant, sir.   
 Right, so, she sees the car stop about here, and a man we think is our victim, Matthew Walsh, roughly here. 
 She then sees an Asian male get out of the car and run in the direction of our victim, towards the Heaverfields Estate here. 
 - Any description of the car? 
 - No. 
 Did she hear anything, any shouts from either man? 
 No, but she's quite a way away, so there could have been shouts, she just didn't hear them. 
 And she didn't see anyone else get out? 
 No, but as this was happening, she turns immediately left here, heading away from the incident and home to her flat. 
 So they could've all got out, she just didn't see that? 
 Exactly. 
 OK, thank you, Fran, very good work. 
 So, our imperative is obviously to find out exactly what did happen that night. 
 And right now, I mainly have lots of questions. 
 So, if this was Fogerty's car, why did it stop? 
 Why did one of them, at least, possibly Ram Sidhu, then get out? 
 What might the connection have been with Matthew and anyone in the car? 
 Where did Matthew end up, and ultimately, where, how, and why did he die? 
 Was it an accident, was it manslaughter, was it murder? 
 And whatever it was, how many people in the car, if any, were involved in his death? 
 So, Fran, can you speak to the other two original witnesses as soon as, please? 
 Murray. 
 Matthew's son, Jerome, just dropped these off for us. 
 They're from Matthew's older brother, Clive. 
 There's return addresses on some of them. 
 I'd love to track him down, please. 
 And, Jake, locating the rest of the victim is almost certainly our best chance of establishing cause of death. 
 I've got the Super doubting this even is a murder. 
 I need progress, mate. 
 I'm heading to the lab after this to chase the key fobs. 
 - OK, make this your number one priority. 
 - Guv. 
 Kaz, do a career history with HR on all four of these names, please. 
 Link in with Professional Standards, and then maybe do a general PND trawl? 
 Yeah, got it. 
 - And welcome back, by the way. 
 - Thank you. 
 DI Khan and I are gonna try and speak today with Liz Baildon and Fiona Grayson, and then do the other two tomorrow, but we need some purchase on this pretty fast, or it dies. 
 Thank you. 
 Oh, hi there, this is Fiona Grayson. 
 I came in yesterday with my partner, Geoff Tomlinson, to sign all the exchange forms. 
 Oh, yes. 
 Hello, Ms Grayson. Hi. Yeah, I was just wondering, has the money actually gone through yet? The deposit, has it been drawn down? Erm... I'm not sure if it's been actioned yet. I can certainly check for you. If you could, please. And if it hasn't, could you stop it? I'm sorry?  I need you to stop the payment, if you can. Erm... We have a personal situation here, and, yeah, I need a day or so to sort it out. Right, well, let me see first if it has already gone,   and then I'll call you right back.   Would you? Thank you. ASAP, please. One other thing - let's get an authority for mobile phone records. If they've seen that Walsh's body's been found, be interesting to know if any of them have made contact. Yep, OK, no problem. We're moving house. You need tomorrow off, which is why you booked it six bloody weeks ago. I know, I know. It's just that we're so short-handed right now. But, listen, I'll call the removals company and get them to put an extra guy on it. I'll try to get off by four.   Four? Marvellous (!)    Yeah, welcome to my world. Look, I've gotta go. I'll call you later. Sorry again. I love you. Oh, that is brilliant news, thank you. I can't tell you how much we appreciate it. Yeah. Well, we look forward to seeing you, too. Tell them to bring their wallets! SHE CHUCKLES      Thank you. Thanks. Bye. I have just sold the last table to Terry Fuller, full whack, and he's bringing a load of his brokers. That is brilliant news, love. Well done. Did you hear that? - No. - There's gonna be everybody. - Do you want to help me with this? - Yes. Well, come on, then. - Gonna straighten it up. - Yeah. Fiona, it's Mark. I've had a call from your solicitor, slightly freaked out. I mean, please tell me she misunderstood, but she said you wanted to withhold your deposit. - Yeah. -  What the f*ck? Why? Has it been paid? Yeah, it went out last night. What's going on? Is there a problem? OK, erm... ...do not tell your brother this, but can I come and see you? -  Fiona...  - Please, Mark. I'm in meetings until six. Can it wait till then? Yeah. Actually, my last appointment's nearer my flat. Can you meet me there at  :  ? I'll see you then. OK. Lucy? - You can do one. - I've got a proposition for you. - Piss off! - A financial proposition. Elizabeth? Yeah, sorry, Eugenia, I haven't had time to think about your money. - Right, it's just... - My mother has asked, could you not bring your daughter to work with you? She says she makes quite a lot of noise. I'm sorry, it's an inset day, and the childcare is very expensive, which is why I really need... Please, Eugenia. It's not a brilliant time, as you can probably see. I will come back to you in a day or so. Of course. Thank you. CAR DOOR SHUTS     So, as I said briefly at the door, ma'am... Liz, please. Liz, thank you. As I said at the door, we're investigating what we believe to be an historic murder. You believe? We're waiting for cause of death to be completely confirmed. OK. But we think... we hope you might be able to help throw some light on the events of an evening connected to the victim's death,    years ago. - Oh, wow. - Yeah, I know. I can hardly remember what I had for breakfast. - But let's see how we get on, shall we? - Fire away. So, a few days ago, we found a body. We've identified the victim as a Matthew Kieran Walsh, who actually went missing in     . His body was completely preserved when we found it, and we've subsequently found evidence to confirm that he'd been kept in a freezer for the last three decades. I think I saw this on the news last night. Yes, you will have done. So, this is him. OK. Face doesn't ring any bells? Other than last night, no. Should it? No, no, that's fine. Thank you for that. So, then, we connected the victim to the house of a man called Robert Fogerty. And we believe it was him who stored the body all those years, and I wondered if his face was at all familiar? Nope, sorry. So, Mr Fogerty is himself now dead, but we have fairly good reason to believe that at some point on the night of the   th March     ,      Mr Fogerty had Matthew Walsh's body in the boot of his car. Oh, right. And the reason I ask if his face was at all familiar is that Mr Fogerty was actually a police probationer, and, we believe, trained with you at Hendon. - A probationer? - And trained with you. So would you mind having another look? No, I'm so sorry, I don't remember him. Not a problem. So that then just leaves the actual car journey    - that Mr Fogerty made that evening. - Right. Which is mainly what I wanted to try to get some further details on, because we do also have good evidence, Liz, to suggest that Fogerty wasn't alone that night in his car, that he had four other probationers from Hendon with him, and one of them... ...was you. Whoa. What is this? I thought I was being interviewed as a possible witness. I mean, this sounds like... Am I a suspect here? Absolutely not. As I say, we're just trying to establish a chain of events. And if you'd prefer, I can send it through to Professional Standards to interview you more formally... at a station, under caution. I'm very happy to do that. I just assumed that might be difficult for you. But it's your call entirely. Yeah, I do vaguely remember him. OK. - So, he was a friend or...? - No, I just remember him. OK, so a face you recall from the course? Yeah. And... Thank you. Was it a close-knit bunch, would you say? Why would you ask that? Have you kept in touch with any of them since? I'm presuming you know I didn't stay with the police very long? Yes. Then, why would you ask that? Unless, of course, you're trying to catch me out or something? Sorry, I'm absolutely not trying... No, it wasn't a close-knit bunch. Not for me, anyway. And no, I haven't kept in touch with any of them. OK. So, notwithstanding that, can I just run a few other names past you? What's this got to do with your murder? It's just three names, take ten seconds. Fine. - Dean Barton? - No. Ram Sidhu. Er... Vaguely. There was a Sikh lad, I think. Mm-hm. And Liz Baildon? - No. - Well, there you go. Two out of four obviously made a greater impression than you thought. Erm... So, Fiona, I'd like to, if I may, to try and take you back to the night of your passing out party. Well, obviously, I remember Ram. I remember training with him, and I know he's done good work since, in Vice, I believe. But I have no recollection of any car journey with him or any of those other names. I'm not saying it didn't happen, I just don't remember that,     -    years later. - Hmm. Not even when Mr Fogerty got pulled over and arrested for drink-driving? - Drink-driving? - Breathalysed and arrested. Lost his entire career on the evening of the same day it started. I would've thought that might have stuck in your mind. Oh, OK, now you mention that... Yes. Sorry, I do remember now. Oh, OK, well, that's excellent. Apologies. Until you said the breath test thing, I had no memory of it at all. Not a problem, it was a long time ago. Were we coming back from the actual passing out party? We think so, yes. I'm getting there now. I think it was actually me that drove Rob's car back after he was nicked. It was. The traffic officer made a note of your request to do that. That's well remembered. Yes, cos I was fully comp, I lived near Rob, so I dropped the others off, and then I dropped his car back at his place. - I walked home. - Oh, OK. Anything else coming back? No, I don't think so. Nothing about the mood of anyone in the car? No. No recollection of the car stopping at any point before it was pulled over? No. No recollection of anyone getting out at any other point? No recollection of anyone getting out and loading a dead body in the boot, if that's what you mean. I think that would have stuck. Yeah, I'm sure. SHE CHUCKLES   OK, well, yeah, I think that's it. That's been really useful. Thank you so much for that. - You're good. - Sorry? Nothing. I'll show you out. Can I hoover in here now? Yes. THUMPING     And see what she wants. I think we talk Friday about my money. I'm sorry, I don't remember any of what you describe. Quite an unusual night, wouldn't you say? Quite... memorable? Under normal circumstances, yes. How do you mean? My father was a police officer. His father, too. And Dad always said the day I qualified... ...was the happiest day of his life. The only problem was I absolutely hated it. Erm... It wasn't a surprise. I always knew I'd hate it. I always knew I wasn't copper material. But I adored my father, so... Anyway, er... long before I got the letter confirming my application... ...I began to drink. And then, when I started the actual training, I began to drink more. In fact, I was astonished they didn't kick me out. Erm... So, that day, the day of the ceremony... ...as soon as all the guests had left, I just... went for it. Pouring anything I could find down my throat to bury the unhappiness. And I didn't stop for about three more years. So I remember nothing about that night. And not much about the next few years, to be honest. My father died in summer '  , after a long illness,      and... I was able to leave without feeling that I'd let him down. And it was only then that I began to get better. So, yes, of course I should be able to remember what you describe. But I'm sorry, I don't. OK. I'd like to show you a photo of the victim, Matthew Walsh. No, nothing, sorry. No problem, thanks for your time. Don't worry about knocking (!) So, we are not having this conversation. And we're not having it because, as ever, when I'm accused of something I didn't do, when I am not given the same benefit of the doubt as a white and maybe less f*cking irritating officer would be, I have to employ unconventional methods to reveal the truth. Our temp, Lucy Myers, is also, it turns out, the cousin of a scabby little prick called Tommy Munroe. A fully paid up member of the EDF, who I had the very good fortune of sending down last year      for importing    keys of Colombian flake. Now, I think it's be fair to say me and him didn't really hit it off, but if what his cousin said to me this morning is any clue, I think Juicy Lucy shares a few of his political inclinations.    measly quid? You f*cking Paki slag. Get out of my house, or I'll get my brothers round here and... Hello?   Hey, love, it's me. I'm on my way home,   and I wanted to say I'm so sorry I've not been around.   I had a serious work issue, but it's resolved now.   So can we talk? Yeah, course. Yeah, a bit flaky and weird. I mean, she's never told her partner she'd been a copper. Serious?  But I keep coming back to the fact that we don't have any real connection yet between Walsh and the other four. At the moment. Obviously, there's another two to speak to,   but we don't even know if Walsh was killed that night,   just he wasn't seen again.   You think he could have died after the last sighting? My point is we that don't know. I mean, all we've got that's specific to that night is a sighting of a car, possibly Fogerty's, and a man, possibly Sidhu, getting out and heading in the same direction as another man, possibly Walsh. Was it a chase? Maybe. I just want to be sure, given everything you've said,   that we're not heading down a rabbit hole. Mmm. PHONE CHIRPS    I've got Jake calling. Let's talk after we've interviewed the other two. Cool.   - Night, Sunny. -  Night, boss.   Hey, Jake, what's up? So, we were able to eliminate the writing on six of the fobs.   We had garden gate, spare room, two padlocks, cellar, and then one that just said "SSS". Now, on the off chance, I googled storage facilities   in a five-mile radius of Fogerty's house, and guess what?   Less than half a mile away is a facility called Stow Safe & Sound. - Have you called them? -  Shut for the night now.   But we've got to be in with a shout there, haven't we, boss? I've f*cked up. Yeah, I guessed that much. So, I'm worried about something in my past that the mortgage company could find out about, which I'm scared could make them decide to withdraw their money, so we couldn't complete, and we'd lose our deposit. - What thing in your past? - I'll tell you that in a minute. But first, I wanted to know if there's a way you could change my name on the mortgage forms? Change your name? Use Geoff's surname, make me Fiona Tomlinson, as if we were married. So this thing in your past can't be linked by them to you now? Yeah. OK. Well... ...firstly, almost certainly, no. And even if I could, to be honest with you, I wouldn't. But more importantly than that, the mortgage company aren't gonna withdraw their loan, Fiona. They've already approved it, they've already done their credit and legal checks. I read they can actually still withdraw the funds after exchange, if they receive new information. OK. What is it we're talking about? - I have a criminal conviction. - The f*ck? - I know. - For what? - I'd prefer not to say. - Fiona... It's from years ago and I'm pretty sure it's spent. It's just... I woke up in a total panic last night that they might do another credit check or something. And you didn't think maybe to discuss this with me or Geoff      - before you paid a   K deposit? - I know. Fiona, you need to tell me what this is. I can't, I'm sorry. Well, all the checks that would be done have already been done, so... Unless this is something in the, I dunno, public domain, that they would find out about in the next two weeks? And what sort of criminal conviction would they withdraw an offer for? Anything money-related, obviously. Please, please tell me it wasn't fraud. - It wasn't, I swear. - OK, progress. - So? - So what? Can you help me change the name? You are gonna refuse to tell me what the conviction was for? I can't, Mark. And I presume my brother's got no idea about this? No. OK. Well... ...even if I could do it - and as I say, I've no idea if it's even possible - but if it was and I did, I'd be putting myself in an incredibly compromising position, Fiona. I know. I could lose my licence if anyone found out. I know, and I'm so sorry to ask. It's just... if we lost that money, it could ruin us. We'd have to sell the house. It would be a total disaster for us. For the kids. It'd just be awful. And what would you do for me in return? CHATTER, MELLOW JAZZ  BAND FINISH PLAYING      Evening, everybody. So, we've got a fun-filled evening lined up for you. We've got the auction coming up, and we've got the band playing till midnight, and I've got a very busy evening trying to get round the room to relieve you of your hard-earned dough. LAUGHTER      But, before all of that, I just wanted to say a few quick thank-yous. Firstly, thank you all for coming tonight and paying a frankly exorbitant amount of money for a table. LAUGHTER  Secondly, I want to say a huge thank you to all the staff here. What a brilliant job they do, day in, day out, for our children. APPLAUSE    And lastly, and most importantly, I wanna say thank you to my son, Jack... ...who has... ...enriched my life in so many ways. He's taught me that I'm not the centre of the universe. Who knew? 
 
 LIGHT LAUGHTER    He has taught me to look for joy in the most unexpected places. And he has... allowed me to find... ...an ease with the world that I never thought possible. And that is the most unexpected, extraordinary gift from him. So, to Jack,      and to all our children, we celebrate you. And to the rest of you, we are coming for your wallets! APPLAUSE     What do you know about it? About the same as most people, I guess. You haven't gone online and researched the f*ck out of it? No, I knew you'd take care of that. Fair enough. OK, so here's what I found out, then. I found out that, actually, a kid with Down's is not so different. There might be some physical health things, they might take a little longer to do certain things, there might be a few other challenges along the way, but, actually, life can be pretty normal. But here's the thing, Ram. Pretty normal's not what I dreamt of all my life. Pretty normal's not what I want. What I want is actual normal. I want a child that does all the boring, ordinary things that other kids do, not one who attracts well-meaning smiles and, "Haven't they done well, considering?" I want a child that behaves appallingly when they're a teenager, gets pissed too young and takes drugs and scares us and then becomes nice again in their   s. I want another life for us, when they're    and they leave home. I want grandkids. And I am so aware this makes me sound absolutely appalling. It doesn't make you sound appalling. But I'm just trying to be honest with you. I don't think I'm a good enough person to go on that journey. And, truthfully... ...I think I would resent that life. And I'm sure that's a pretty normal reaction. Was it yours? No. So... If we found out tomorrow, unequivocally, that he or she had Down's, I'd wanna go ahead with the pregnancy. I mean, in the end, I think it has to be your decision, but if it was down to me, then, yeah, I would go ahead. No doubts at all? No, not really. I just know that when the doctor said there was an issue, it never made me want to end it. I guess you'll have to go with your gut instincts. I just knew I hated the idea of stopping a life, just because it wasn't the perceived idea of perfect. I mean, what the f*ck is perfect anyway? CLEARS HIS THROAT    There's a crack in everything, Anna. That's how the light gets in. And were they as generous as you hoped? Yeah, they were. - Well, that's lovely. - It was... It was life-affirming. Change of plan, Claire. I've got no appointments this morning, so I'm gonna go to Aldercroft, help them clean up. - Be a couple of hours. - No worries. Hi, DCI Cassie Stuart. DI Khan, Bishop Street, looking for DCI Sidhu. PHONE RINGS   - Sidhu. -  Oh, good afternoon, sir.  I've got a detective here from Bishop Street nick. He'd like to talk to you   in connection with a murder investigation.   Historical, apparently.   Can you pass me one of those chairs? Jack, over here. You are good. Very good. - Mr Barton? - Hello. Tracked you down at last. DCI Cassie Stuart. I'm investigating an historic murder, and I wonder if you had time for a quick chat? Er... Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Jack, do you want to go over to them? I'll be back in a minute. Go to the girls. I'll be back in a couple of minutes. Straight through there. - Morning. - DI Khan. Thank you. So, this has to be a first. - What is? - Two of us in the same building. - f*ck me. - HE CHUCKLES     Wonders will never cease. Ah, right, yes, indeed. Have we met before? I feel like we've met before. No, I don't think so. Maybe at a BPA bash? Your face looks familiar. I'm not a member of the BPA, so... Oh, OK, interesting. Anyway, how can I help you? So, I'm part of a team that's investigating an historical murder, we're just following up on preliminary leads, and we think you can help us throw some light on the events of an evening, some years ago, connected to the victim's death. years ago? Don't think I was even a police officer    years ago. I certainly wasn't a detective. Sorry, that's a misunderstanding. It's not a case that you have any connection with as an officer, it was when you were a civilian. A police probationer, actually. As a possible witness to a crime? We hope so. Yeah, we're done. I'm sorry? You want to interview me, we do it with a brief. DCI Sidhu... I would have expected better of you, DI Khan. Or maybe you're just one of their coconuts. I'll be in touch. And whoever sent you from upstairs, tell them nice try, but no cigar. But just to remind you, this test, even alongside the ultrasound, is not diagnostic. For a diagnosis, you'd need an amniocentesis. Obviously, I'm sure you're aware, that does carry a small risk of miscarriage. Would you offer me a NIPT test? Jenny calls it as she sees it, which can be irritating. Sometimes, she struggles to understand other people's feelings. But she's funny and clever, and loving. Good. You're a lucky man. Yes, I am. And she has nothing. In monetary terms, I mean. She has no savings, and she rents her little flat. And... Well... given what I know that she'll be doing for me in the next year or so, it felt like a small... erm... - Oh, arsing bollocks. - Recompense? Recompense. Exactly, yes. Recompense. Thanks, Adam. I get it, Grandad. Don't worry, I understand. Well, I knew you would. Thanks, Adam. So, good health. Oh, I'm afraid that ship's already left the port. To youth. No. Sorry, no. As I say, I do remember Rob. And that night, of course. How could you not? But not this lad. And you have no recollection of Mr Fogerty stopping the car at any point before he was pulled over? No. But, I mean, we'd all had a few,     - so I can't swear, but... - Sure. So, you only actually stayed in the force a few weeks     - after passing out, Dean. - Yeah. - And why was that? - Just wasn't for me. I mean, I quickly realised I didn't like taking orders,     - which is not ideal. - Fair enough. I dunno that I'd have been particularly good at it. Didn't feel I had the right sort of brain. Guess I'm not much of a team player. I think I'm more of a one-man band sort of bloke. That's a shame. You obviously do have leadership skills. I saw your offices. Your secretary was telling me about your event here last night. Was she? Maybe you underestimate yourself. Maybe. Never know. And did you stay in touch with any of them? No. No, it was just a few weeks of my life. , the initial training period was, back then. Yeah, but in comparative terms, it's a very brief window. I mean, in fact, this is pretty much the first time I've heard any of their names in    years. Excuse me, mate. DC Jake Collier. Can I have a quick word? You was at St Bede's, wasn't you? Yeah. Yeah, you were a prefect, man. I was, yeah. Long time. How you doing? Bruv, you were a proper dickhead. Was I? And you became a copper. f*ck's sake, man, why would you ever want to be a copper? So, why would someone do that, do you think, in your experience? Cut the hands and head off a body? Usually, it's done just prior to disposal, to obscure identification. Right, and you reckon what, he just bottled it, Fogerty? I guess. You never know, do you, what someone's capable of. No, you don't. - Thanks for your time, Mr Barton. - Yeah, pleasure. Yeah, here he is. Robert Fogerty,    G. Rented a space here for eight years. HE DIALS    PHONE RINGS    It's me. We need to meet. Love? Hey, come here. Liz? It's Fiona. Grayson, from Hendon. What are you doing? Are you insane? We need to speak. Tomorrow,    o'clock, St Saviour's Park, by the bridge. Wear a hoodie, don't drive. Pay for your train ticket in cash. He was cagey and prickly, which might indicate something, but I then researched him, turns out he's got a   -year history of being cagey and prickly. At work? Multiple misconduct issues, an allegation of using drugs, one of using prostitutes, another one of fabricating evidence,  - a load more low level stuff. - Jesus, how's he still employed? Cos he fought and won them all. Every single one. He's been very vocal about saying they were all racially motivated. So what was he like with you? Fine, until he realised why I was there, then he pretty much kicked me out. - I maybe lasted two minutes. - OK. Wow. Yeah, wow. How was Dean Barton? Open and friendly, and... rather lovely, actually. Although am I just thinking that because he has a disabled son and he does stuff for charity? - I give you Jimmy Savile. - Exactly. Bottom line, though, we've now seen all four of them. CLEARS HER THROAT  So, I do have agendas, you're absolutely right. Much as I might try and tell myself I don't. And we don't have any real evidence of anything yet. But my instinct tells me we're onto something. Under normal circumstances, I'd say that your instincts are always rock solid. But as you say, you've got a lot of things going on for you at the moment. I just think we need to tread carefully. Why don't we sleep on it, talk about it in the morning? I moved in with Sal today. It might be an idea if I turned up at some point. - Oh, I think that might be a very good idea. - OK. - Night, Sunny. - Night, boss. Boss? I have a witness who can    % confirm that Walsh was being chased. - By? - He saw two men running after him, one of whom actually called out his name. - One of them knew his name? - Yep. - Any description of the men? - One Asian, one unusually tall. So, a chase changes everything. A chase suggests, at the very least, that his murder was in some way provoked. PHONE RINGS  Jake? I've found the rest of him. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 