Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x03 - Episode 3 - Unforgotten 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x03 - Episode 3 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=462&t=23256 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/22/15 16:51 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x03 - Episode 3 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 James Niall Sullivan, who was reported missing in November 1976. 
 The boss is travelling up to Liverpool to talk to his mum. 
 There's no word for it, you know. 
 Single mother who's lost her only child. 
 Mr Slater in the diary refers to an Eric Slater, who was a bookkeeper for the hostel. 
 I know what you did! 
 Frankie C. Cocky little runt. 
 Sorry. I wish I could help you. 
 A Beth, or Elizabeth, Laws. 
 She were a skinhead. 
 How could I be a racist? 
 There's a shoebox on the kitchen table with some letters in it. 
 I'd like you to read them. 
 There's a mention of a Father Robert Greaves. 
 He seems to be associated with the hostel in some way. 
 Did the police get hold of you? 
 Hi, Jo Jo. It's me. 
 ♪ All we do is hide away ♪ 
♪ All we do is, all we do is hide away ♪ 
♪ All we do is lie in wait ♪ 
♪ All we do is, all we do is lie in wait ♪ 
♪ I've been upside down ♪ 
♪ I don't want to be the right way round ♪ 
♪ Can't find paradise on the ground ♪ 
 Hiya. 
 What time is it? 
 Just gone seven. 
 You OK? 
 I need to tell you something. 
 Collier : 'There are no details of Vincent Erskine ever having stayed at Arlingham House.' 
 Yeah, well, that doesn't mean he didn't hang out there. 
 If he was going out with Elizabeth and encountered Jimmy then. 
 'Yeah, well, Karen has also managed to locate the man he and Elizabeth assaulted, and he's happy to talk to us.' 
 OK, good work. Jake. 
 'Cheers.' 
 How do you think a person lives a life having murdered someone, without it showing? 
 A whole life of relationships behind them, without anyone ever suspecting they did something just beyond awful. 
 Hm? How does that happen? 
 I didn't move to London when I was 17. 
 I came two years earlier, in 1974, when I was 15. 
 And I lied to you about this because... I always wanted you to have a relationship with Dad. 
 Whatever he'd done, he was still my father. 
 Whatever he'd done? 
 It started after my mum died, when I was 12. 
 And it was... bad. 
 And so, when I was 15, I finally told my auntie. 
 And she said I could go to prison for telling such wicked lies. 
 So I left. 
 Came to London on my own and slept on the streets and... drank cider to keep me warm for nearly a year. 
 Until I met a man called Vincent, who was bigger and stronger than anyone else. 
 And he said he loved me and would look after me. 
 Except then it turned out he wasn't a good person and he made me think and say and do things that were not who I really was, Ray. 
 Not at all. 
 What things? 
 In baptism, God calls us out of darkness and into his marvellous light. 
 Do you turn to Christ? 
 All : I turn to Christ. 
 Do you repent of your sins? 
 All : I repent of my sins. 
 (BABY STIRS) 
 Do you renounce the deceit and corruption of evil? 
 All : I renounce the deceit and corruption of evil. 
 I was a member of the National Front. 
 I went on their marches. 
 I made leaflets and posters which... 
 Every day I used the words "paki" and "wog" and... all those words. 
 And sometimes I watched my boyfriend attack people because of the colour of the skin. 
 'Hi, this is Lizzie. Please leave a message.' 
 Miss, it's me. It's just, I'm here and I'm still waiting for you. 
 Miss! 
 Yes, I remember Jimmy very well. 
 We bonded over football. 
 He was, um, a huge Liverpool fan and I followed the Hoops, Queens Park Rangers, who he loved to remind me had not won any silverware since the '60s. 
 (CHUCKLES) 
 Yes, I often wondered what happened to him. 
 How terrible that it was this. 
 So, how did you first meet him? 
 My church was, uh, just round the corner from Arlingham House. 
 We had a connection. 
 OK. And, when you say "connection", uh, what... 
 Well, there were a lot of rather lost souls whom we, uh, at least tried to give some sort of succour to. 
 And Jimmy was one of those? 
 I think Jimmy had issues. 
 Family stuff, as I remember, but actually on the whole he was rather full of life. 
 A real character. 
 And can you remember at all who he associated with? 
 You know, who his friends might have been? 
 As I say, I knew him, but not well. (STAMMERS) 
 He came to services a few times, but more to tell his mother that he'd been, I suspect. 
 I knew nothing about his day-to-day life. 
 OK. 
 Do you remember if he ever mentioned any race-related problems? 
 No. 
 But I'm sure there were issues. I mean, it was the '70s, you know? 
 Uh-huh. 
 Yeah. 
 Does the name, um, Vincent Erskine mean anything to you? 
 Mm, no. 
 Uh, or Beth Laws? 
 Ah, um... That rings a very, very vague bell. But no, not really. 
 How about Frank or Frankie Cross? 
 Nope. Sorry, I'm not been very helpful, am I? 
 That's not a problem. Uh, Jo Jo? 
 No, sorry. 
 No. Wh-why? Who was she? 
 Or could be a man. 
 Oh, right. Yes. Well, who was he or she? 
 Well, we're not sure. Someone who was fond of him, we think. 
 Right. Hm. Sorry, I... 
 No, I don't remember anyone called Jo Jo. 
 Well, as Aisha would say, "Oh, my God, he SO knows Jo Jo." 
 Be nice, wouldn't it, if just one of the bastards wasn't lying through their teeth? 
 He's a priest. What do you expect? 
 Ray? 
 I just need some time, if you don't mind. 
 Whatever else I did, I swear I do not remember this boy. 
 And I know absolutely nothing about what happened to him. 
 I love you, sweetheart. 
 (SIGHS) 
 (INDISTINCT CHATTER) 
 Why would you tell me and not her? 
 She'd worry. All I want is advice. 
 As a daughter or a lawyer? 
 As a lawyer, before I speak to my own. 
 So, did you know him? 
 Yes. 
 And you said you didn't because? 
 I don't know. 
 It was stupid. I have nothing to hide. 
 Well, first up, you need to think of a better answer than that. 
 How did you know him? 
 He was a face. He ran a few errands for the people I was working for. 
 Who were? 
 A family called the Fenwicks. 
 Who were? 
 Not as pure as the driven snow. 
 And what did you do for them? 
 What I needed to. To earn my way out of a house with no running water. 
 But I know nothing... about what happened to this young man. 
 (PHONE BUZZES) 
 I have to go. 
 OK. Say nothing, do nothing. 
 Let them prove you lied. Oh, don't walk out with me. 
 If the papers don't have this already, they will soon enough. 
 Sit tight, Dad. 
 (SEAGULLS SQUAWK) 
 (LAUGHTER) 
 It's no reflection on you, love. 
 Right? No reflection on me that you prefer your sister to be with you at what is arguably the most important moment of our lives. 
 I don't think you should look at it like that. 
 Really? 
 I think you should look at it like she just prefers me. 
 (LAUGHTER) - Els, I worked that one out years ago. 
 Leave the poor boy alone, girls. 
 Mum, this is the man that said... 
 I'm sorry. I don't feel very well. 
 Dad? 
 Dad! 
 What? All the Fenwicks are abroad? 
 Well, Charlie Fenwick died five years ago. 
 But his son Michael lives in Alcudia and his uncle Gordon has lived in Cyprus since '95. 
 What, the North? 
 Yeah, there's an outstanding warrant for his arrest over here on drugs charges. 
 But we have located a Thomas Pinion who worked with the family in the '70s and '80s before serving 14 years for drug offences. 
 (YAWNS) Knew Cross, but for some reason there's no love lost. 
 What, so, he'll talk to us? 
 He suggested a meet tomorrow. 
 Excellent. Go for it. 
 Right. 
 So, Eric Slater, our bookkeeper, we got an address for him? 
 Council tax has him living at the same address as in the Arlingham House records. 
 OK, and Jo Jo? 
 Nothing for Jo, Joanna, Joanne, Jodie in the records. 
 There was a Jocelyn who stayed there as an occasional resident but she was in her 60s. 
 Plenty of Joes and Johns but we think it's definitely a woman? 
 Well, his letters to his mum said he'd met a girl but, well, we'll keep an open mind. OK, thanks, everyone. 
 Let's see if we can get some photos of Arlingham House from the '70s on the inside. 
 I want to get a sense of what it was like to stay there. 
 The routine, Jimmy's routine. 
 I'll see what I can find. 
 OK. 
 'So please, please say, um, if you think it's a bad idea but I...' 
 I just wanted to ask if you wanted to visit the site of Jimmy's grave. 
 'He was there for nearly 40 years. Now, of course he'll be coming home to you soon.' 
 But I thought it might help to see where he lay for that time. 
 'I can arrange a car or train tickets or...' 
 What do you think? 
 I think I'd like that, please. 
 I think I'd like that very much. 
 Mrs Wilton! 
 (BELL RINGS) 
 He's gonna be fine. 
 Oh, God, Mum. 
 So what was it? Do they know? 
 They think it was some kind of panic attack. 
 Panic attack? 
 I said to him he was the least likely person in the world to ever panic about anything but... 
 And what's he saying? 
 Not a lot, actually, for your dad. 
 Bit freaked out, I guess? 
 Yes, yes, I guess. 
 So, shall we come in and see him? 
 Let them just finish their tests, then I think they're gonna discharge him anyway. 
 So don't worry. Normal service will be resumed shortly. - (LAUGHS) 
 (REPETITIVE THUD) 
 Thought you might be here. 
 Sorry. I, uh, lost track of time. 
 So, I was just your penance, was I? 
 No! 
 To prove to yourself that you weren't that person. 
 I don't need to prove that, Ray, because I knew I wasn't. 
 I never even looked at the colour of your skin. 
 I only ever looked at you. 
 I did what I did because... he made me. 
 He made you? He made you call people like me... "nigger"... "coon"... "monkey", did he? He made you join the National Front? He made you attack people because of the colour of their skin? 
 Why didn't you just say no? 
 I should have, I know. 
 I was a kid, but I should have. 
 And I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. 
 Curtis! 
 So how long did he work for the Fenwicks? 
 Not long. Odd jobs here and there for maybe a year. 
 On the payroll proper maybe six months. 
 As? 
 He started out doing anything the brothers wanted him to do -- driving, deliveries, bit of muscle. 
 He was violent? 
 Look, people are always trying to take the piss. 
 You gotta send a strong message, otherwise you're gonna get walked over. 
 Frank was very good at getting money that was owed to us. 
 How? 
 He liked the bolt cutters. 
 Soon as he pulled 'em out, people -- suddenly -- they remembered the few quid they got in the drawer upstairs. 
 If they didn't, he started to work on one finger. 
 Joint by joint until they did. 
 Do you recognise this man? 
 Was it, uh, Jimmy? 
 It was. 
 Yeah, he did a few bits and bobs for us. 
 And would Frank have known him? 
 Actually, I think he would cos he borrowed 50 quid off of us. 
 I remember because we got in a whole thing about the rhyming slang for 50. 
 He was a Scouser, he kept getting it wrong and we was all pissing ourselves. 
 And this 50 quid, do you know if he paid it back? 
 You'll have to go to Gordon on that one. 
 
 
 
 (KNOCKS) 
 Eric, who is it? 
 You... You need to call Leslie. 
 (DIAL TONE) 
 Hello, yeah, yes, good morning. 
 Could you tell me, please, how do I go about selling a story? 
 Yeah, it's about somebody famous. 
 Straight to bed when we get in. 
 Mm. Promises, promises. 
 Oh, seriously, I'm absolutely fine. 
 Half caste lad? 
 Uh, yes, he was, um, mixed race, yes. 
 Oh, sorry, I never know what you're meant to call them, uh, these days. 
 (STAMMERS) No offence, sir. 
 None taken. 
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, I knew Jimmy. 
 He was a nice lad. I liked him. 
 So, you remember him as a resident? 
 Yeah, mm. 
 And you just, what, you got to know him because you worked there? 
 I suppose. We'd have a smoke in the dining room, uh, now and again, bit of a natter,. 
 He was a chatty sort, as I remember. 
 OK. Do you remember him ever asking for your phone number? 
 Uh, wha... 
 No. 
 Oh, he tried to sell me a car, uh, once. 
 I think it was nicked so I-I-I wasn't interested. 
 You know, it might have been something to do with that. 
 Right. I know it's a very long time ago, um, but do you remember him ever telling you if he had any problems? 
 If he got into any fights or arguments with anyone? 
 Ooh, no, no, no, he, I mean, he... 
 He never struck me as the sort of person who got into fights. 
 Uh, quite a gentle soul. 
 Ah, right. 
 And then, one day, what, you just, um... 
 Wasn't there? 
 Yes, I suppose. I mean, I wouldn't have noticed. 
 It was a temporary hostel. 
 You wanted them to move on. 
 Yes, of course. Um... 
 OK, uh, last thing. 
 Uh, can we just run some names past you? 
 Fire away. 
 These were also in his diary. 
 We're just trying to see if they could be significant. 
 OK. 
 Uh, does the name Frank Cross mean anything to you? 
 No. 
 Beth Laws? 
 Jo Jo? There's no surname, it's just "Jo Jo". 
 Jo Jo? 
 Oh, oh, yes, I-I-I remember, well, a Jo Jo. 
 I don't know if it was the same one. 
 Oh, OK. Well, um, we know very little about ours, so... 
 Was this a woman? 
 Well, more of a girl. 17, 18 I'd guess. 
 You remember her surname? 
 No, no. 
 And she stayed at the hostel? 
 Uh, no. 
 Right, so... I-I met her, uh, at the hostel but, uh, she was, uh, never a resident. 
 In fact, I only met her once. 
 Right, well, she must have made quite an impression, then. 
 Oh, she did. Course, when I met -- well, found her, I should say -- she was, um... 
 She was at it in one of the storage rooms. 
 You found her having s*x? 
 Yeah, with what's his face from St Gilda's. 
 Father Robert? 
 Yeah, the priest, Father Greaves. 
 Bloody disgraceful. 
 Pardon my French. 
 (It's fine.) 
 All the phalanges are present. 
 Any obvious damage to any of 'em? 
 Nothing I can see with the naked eye. 
 OK. Can't you check with a microscope? 
 Sure. What exactly am I looking for? 
 Bolt cutter marks. 
 Well, um, thank you again. 
 We really appreciate your father's help. 
 No problem. 
 Did you ask him about the nights he never came home? 
 Uh, not now, Mum, come on. 
 I never got it out, you know. 
 My mum, mother, has, uh, dementia... 
 I think he must have put it straight in on a boil because you need a cold soak first. 
 Do you want to go and set the table for lunch and -- - Is Carol coming? 
 Carol's in America, Mum, remember. 
 You go through. Me and Dad will be straight in. 
 Sorry about that. 
 No, no problem. And thanks again for your time. 
 OK. 
 Cheers. 
 Hm. 
 It's true. She wasn't physically violent like he was. 
 But the things she said, the sheer hatred from such a young girl, shocked me. 
 She's told us that she tried to stop him. 
 That Erskine coerced her and that she didn't participate in the attack. 
 She lying! 
 She egged him on all the way and then, when they left, it was her, not him, that spat upon me. 
 Curtis? Love? 
 Mrs Salgado? Are you in there? 
 Curtis has a maths exam this afternoon. 
 Liam. 
 'Where have you been?' 
 'I've been trying to get hold of you for hours.' 
 Don't piss me off again, Liam. 
 Or you'll what, cut my fingers off? 
 'So, you've got about six hours to get the story injuncted or it's all over tomorrow's Mirror.' 
 Where'd it come from? - 'Some bloke you used to work with, apparently.' 
 When you were an East End gangster. 
 It's not true. 
 'I refer the honourable gentleman to my earlier answer.' 
 It doesn't matter if it's true or not. 
 What matters is that the editor rang the PM's office this morning for a comment. 
 It'll be a man called Thomas Pinion. He just wants money. 
 Did you hear what I said? 
 I heard. 
 I... I just... 
 Fine, so, what do we do? 
 Mate, I'm not quite sure you're getting this. 
 We are only speaking now because if by some small miracle you do get the story stopped, it will help us. But however this pans out, you're done. 
 Seriously pissing off a Prime Minister is not a good career move. 
 'Not a good move at all.' 
 Excuse me. 
 Excuse me. 
 (Sorry.) 
 Excuse me? 
 Curtis Salgado, he's not gonna be able to make the exam. 
 Who do I speak to to get him a resit? 
 Right, you mean he's ill? 
 Yes, he's ill. 
 Sorry, are you family or friend? 
 His mum's not well, so... 
 Right, well, a request for a resit would have to come from his mother or father. 
 He don't have a dad. 
 And his mum spends most of her days off her tits on crystal meth, so I spent the last three years looking after him and I'm here in the place of his mum telling you we need to arrange a f*cking resit. - (MUTTERING) 
 The deputy head's office deals with the resit timetable. 
 If you'd like to make your way back to reception, they should be able to help you. 
 So, of all the names and numbers in the diary, three seem to be presenting themselves as of potential interest to us right now. 
 First up... Elizabeth Wilton, nee Laws. 
 So, she told us that she'd never been to Arlingham House and that she was never actually a racist. 
 Both of which would appear to be lies. 
 But right now we have nothing tangible connecting her to Jimmy, which is what we need. So, Jake, we need to go back to the files and start finding residents from the time they were both there who might have know either of them and Erskine. 
 (TAKES NOTES) 
 If there was bad blood, let's find evidence for it and confront her with it. 
 (SIGHS) Frank Phillip Cross. 
 Now, there is some evidence to suggest that Cross was a sometime and possibly violent debt collector for the Fenwick family. 
 So, if Jimmy defaulted on the money he borrowed, we have a possible motive. 
 There was nothing on the skeleton that was consistent with Pinion's allegations. 
 Have we got a phone number for Gordon Fenwick yet? 
 Why would he talk to us? 
 If he admits that Cross is one of his boys, he'll be implicating himself. 
 Yeah, but by all accounts, he's seriously on his uppers. 
 He'd love to come back to the UK, so maybe there's a deal to be done. 
 That's definitely worth a try. Thanks, Murray. 
 And Robert Greaves. 
 Now, what sort of, um, newly ordained, newly married priest has s*x with a 17or 18-year-old woman? 
 Hopefully we'll find out tomorrow morning. 
 OK, that's it, everyone. Thanks a lot. 
 Yeah, no, I understand. 
 I'll call you right back, OK? 
 They're gonna run it. 
 The man is a convicted drug dealer and a proven liar. 
 Why would anyone believe a word he says? 
 Their lawyer is saying they've got proof. 
 (DOOR SLAMS) 
 11 and 28 across. 
 "For the evil that men do." 
 Doth live on after them. 
 It's a run-on anagram. 
 Do you think we can do this without the booze? 
 Um... 
 Not really, no. Sorry. 
 (SIGHS) 
 So, why now? 
 You said you found them 18 months ago. 
 Cos I'm... I'm pissed off. 
 And I'm pretending that I'm not. 
 It's exhausting. 
 I don't want to do it any more. 
 47 years. And I always thought that was quite a thing. 
 And it was. 
 This was one bloke, it was probably just s*x. 
 She was in love with him. 
 (SOBS) You can see it in every line. 
 It was a couple of years at the most. 
 And it was you she stayed with. 
 (SOBS) 
 Did you know him? The bloke? 
 Didn't know him. 
 I clearly didn't know her. 
 It's gonna be OK, Dad. 
 12 grand. 
 Mm. 
 Nice work if you can get it. 
 Cash, no doubt. 
 Well, we must ask him. 
 Yeah. 
 Um, that's the one with sugar. 
 I hope this won't take too long. 
 He's not been at all well the last couple of days. 
 He had a panic attack yesterday. 
 We'll be as quick as we can, Mrs Greaves. 
 (SIGHS) 
 It wasn't just a physical thing. 
 It was a proper relationship. 
 I cared for Joanna very much. 
 And I'd like to think that she cared for me too. 
 How old was she? 
 Oh, I don't know. About 19, 20 I think. 
 And you? 
 28. 
 How long did it last? 
 Oh, a few weeks. No more. 
 And was this, um, while she was seeing Jimmy Sullivan? 
 Oh, well, if she was seeing Jimmy, I didn't know anything about that. 
 So how did you meet her? 
 She lived in a bedsit a few doors down from the church. 
 Do you remember the address? 
 No, sorry. 
 Not even the road? 
 Well, it was 40 years ago. 
 What was her full name? 
 No, I... I don't remember. 
 So how did you meet her? 
 I think she was lonely and, uh, she started helping out at, uh, coffee mornings and Sunday school. 
 And I was going through a difficult period in my life. 
 I wasn't sure that some of the decisions I'd made were the right ones. And we used to talk. 
 And then one day it just turned into something else. 
 It turned into the worst mistake of my life. 
 And one which I've felt ashamed of every day for the last 40 years. 
 Your wife never found out about it? 
 No, no. 
 So, why did it end? 
 I ended it. 
 The only decent thing I did. 
 Came to my senses. 
 And then shortly afterwards, she moved away. 
 And when was the last time that you spoke to her? 
 39 years ago. 
 We're gonna check your phone records, Mr Greaves, so I'm gonna ask you again. 
 When was the last time you spoke to her? 
 39 years ago. 
 Yeah, OK, thanks. 
 He's still lying. So I want his mobile and his landline records. 
 If that doesn't work, try census records for Joanna's within a hundred yards of the church. 
 And if that doesn't work, start knocking on f*cking doors. 
 We need her surname. We need to speak to her. 
 That was Murray. 
 He just spoke to Gordon Fenwick in Cyprus. 
 Conversation was brief, he's not interested in talking. 
 (CAR STARTS) 
 (DOOR SLAMS) 
 Curtis? 
 (SIGHS) All right? 
 You missed your maths. 
 Did I? 
 You know you did. 
 Luckily, I managed to convince them that you were ill so you have a resit on the 13th. 
 Cool. 
 Curtis, please, don't pretend you don't care. 
 I can handle anything. 
 I can handle you never wanting to see me again. 
 But please keep going with your GCSEs. 
 You've come so far, you're doing so well. 
 Whatever you heard, it's not who I am today. 
 No problem. 
 Don't break my heart, sweetheart. 
 Whatever you think of me, just please, please keep going with your exams. 
 Me, break your heart, Miss? 
 (SCOFFS) 
 (GASPS) 
 (CRIES) 
 (SNIFFLES) 
 (SNIFFLES) 
 (CHATTER) 
 In case you hadn't noticed, this isn't actually about you, Bella. 
 I'm not saying it is. I'm just saying, as a human rights lawyer, torture is a little bit of a bugbear of mine and having a father accused of lopping people's fingers off is, you know, a tiny bit awkward. 
 God, you're a sarky bitch sometimes. 
 All I want to know is if it's true, Dad. 
 Did you give this Pinion man money? 
 Did you do what he says you did? 
 No. 
 On both counts. 
 Now, don't ask me again. 
 I'll call you. 
 (DOOR SHUTS) 
 (PHONE RINGS) 
 Marcus. 
 Thank you. 
 Share price just dropped 8% in... less than an hour. 
 Dad, tell me what I can do to help. 
 Whatever you need, I'm here. 
 And then these are from the early '70s, so he probably wouldn't have arrived here yet. 
 Although it didn't change much throughout the whole decade. 
 This is one of the bedrooms. 
 He, um... He would have stayed in a room just like this. 
 Bigger than I thought. 
 I think he would've been happy here. 
 Thank you so much. 
 Nice one, Boss. 
 It's blood, isn't it? 
 What's blood? 
 What his wife said, Eric Slater's. 
 It needs cold soak first, right? 
 You wash it in hot water, it fixes it. Blood. 
 This is the second floor, right? 
 You can tell from what's outside the windows. 
 Right. 
 Check out if they had a lift. 
 A lift? 
 Eric Slater said he used to have a fag with Jimmy in the dining room. 
 If they didn't have a lift, how the hell did he get up the stairs? 
 Not a bloody Dalek, is he? 
 Well, let's not rule out anything just yet. 
 The price is only dropping cos the market's scared I'll be arrested and unable to do my job. 
 So me stepping down as chairman isn't gonna help anybody. 
 The board doesn't see it that way. 
 They think it'll take a while to sort this out and until you do, they see you as toxic to the brand. 
 I am the brand. 
 Exactly. Which is why they think a quick, clean break now is best for the shareholders. 
 (PHONE RINGS) 
 Cross. 
 'Frank.' 
 Who's this? 
 It's Gordon Fenwick. I think we need to talk. 
 No, there was never a lift at Arlingham House. 
 So I spoke to Eric Slater. 
 Turns out he only went into a wheelchair in his mid-30s. 
 Car crash. 
 What year? 
 '79. 
 So in '76, he was perfectly able. 
 See if he's ever been in any trouble. 
 Cautions, spent convictions, bind overs, anything. 
 It's funny, isn't it? Cos you see someone in a wheelchair and you just assume certain things. 
 Night, Sunny. 
 Night, Boss. 
 (HEAVY SIGHS) 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 