Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 04x02 - Episode 2 - Unforgotten 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 04x02 - Episode 2 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=462&t=43157 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/02/21 15:18 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 04x02 - Episode 2 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 This sort of mutilation is usually done to obscure ID. 
 We think his name was Matthew Kieran Walsh. 
 I'm so sorry, Cas, they just won't allow a medical retirement. 
 I think they're within their rights. 
 Dad, I haven't just had enough, I've been off sick. 
 I told you it was rapid onset? 
 It was completely terrifying. 
 - What number's this, then? 
 - My third, her first. 
 Remind me of your age again? 
 Can you zip over to my brother's office tomorrow? 
 - Is there a problem? 
 - Just mortgage stuff. 
 I don't do that any more, Felix. 
 You know that. 
 How much are we even talking about? 
 - So, what have you planned today? 
 - Wishing I was dead. 
 Your mother can be difficult. 
 I'm struggling with the money. 
 I've no idea what my dad might need in the next year or two. 
 I actually have no choice. 
 The house the freezer came from was owned by a Mr Robert Fogerty. 
 He died two months ago. 
 You'll see that when Fogerty was pulled over... 
 There were four other people in the car with him. 
 I could smell alcohol on his breath, which was when he started to cry. 
 And the others, in the car? 
 All five of them were newly qualified coppers. 
 So, this guy knew his career was over before it had even started. 
 So, he was obviously very upset, but the others, have you got any recollection what they were like? 
 Is there something I should know? 
 Probably be better just to answer it as you remember it. 
 I think they were all pretty shell-shocked, to be honest. 
 I guess they're all wondering if any of it was going to come back on them. 
 Do you remember if you might have taken any of their names? 
 If I did, it would be in my pocketbook. 
 I do remember there was an Asian lad, though, who I had a bit of a run-in with. 
 What kind of run-in? 
 He kept on asking if there was any way we could let it go. 
 He got quite forceful. 
 In the end, I had to tell him to walk away or I'd nick him, too. 
 Did you search the car at all? 
 No, no reason to. 
 And after you arrested Fogerty, you took him back to your nick? 
 - Yeah. 
 - And what happened to the car? 
 One of the passengers, a girl, asked if she could drive it back to Fogerty's place. 
 - And she hadn't been drinking? 
 - She said no. 
 She actually offered to do a test, but I believed her, she looked like the sensible one. 
 She seemed very keen to help him out, so I let her. 
 Just trying to think how I'd have reacted, the day I finished basic training, if my mate had got pulled over with a dead body in the boot. 
 Well, it'd be in the shell-shocked territory, wouldn't it? 
 Hm. 
 Just a bit. 
 Although, boss, we don't actually know for sure Walsh was in the boot at this stage, so... 
 I need to speak to Andrews. 
 - Maybe we should wait until...? 
 - We need to find the complete file. 
 I wanna know who those passengers were and if any of them are still serving coppers because, if they are... 
 ...that's gonna be very interesting. 
 I'm too bloody old. 
 You're too bloody old. 
 It's  :  ... 
 I've been getting up at  :  for    years, so do me a favour, will you? 
 Get up and go find a job, because we are selling this house    and, in a few months, you will be homeless. 
 Have a nice day. 
 - Sorry. 
 - It's fine. 
 I just don't have space in my life to be still washing his cacky pants and doing his sodding dishes. 
 He's an adult, for Christ sakes! 
 Absolutely. 
 So, you gonna speak to your dad today? 
 Oh, I think I have to wait until I'm summoned, don't I? 
 Do you? 
 He's your dad. 
 Hm, I guess. 
 I just don't want to incur the Wrath of Jen'. 
 HE LAUGHS    
 Oh, I think you give her a run for her money. 
 Right, I'll speak to you later, I'll let you know how it went. 
 - Oh, God, sorry. 
 Course, good luck. 
 - Thanks. 
 Have a good day. 
 John? 
 Do I seem angry all the time? 
 Not all the time, no. 
 I'm sorry. 
 It's all good. 
 I'll see you later. 
 Love you. 
 Why does it keep sounding like you're about to say a but'? 
 Ram? 
 OK. 
 But... 
 - Why do we need a blood test? 
 - Because the ultrasound on its own is not accurate enough to warrant the risk of an amniocentesis. 
 But... why would we want either a blood test or an amnio? 
 So we can make a decision, love, about what to do. 
 Yes? 
  I'm so late... 
  Ram, we need to talk about this. 
  I didn't sleep a wink last night, so I'm not making any sense. 
  We'll talk tonight, I promise. 
  I love you. 
  Ready? 
 I need to leave. 
 Sam, move it, please. 
  Why? 
  Oh, I might be back a bit late tonight. 
  I've got no pm sessions, so I'm gonna go for a run, work some of this stress off up in the hills. 
  Sure. 
 But, really, there's nothing to worry about,      
 - everything's going to be absolutely fine. 
 - Dad, we're late! 
  OK, come on, guys. 
  PHONE RINGS     Paul. 
  ON PHONE:  What's the story with you and Lucy Myers?   
  Who's Lucy Myers? 
   That temp from HR. 
 She was sat next to you at the dinner on Monday. No story, why?  She's been saying you were inappropriate with her.  HE SCOFFS I was what?!   When you got in the lifts at the end of the evening.  I was not inappropriate with her, that is a complete...   Are you on the way in?    - Out this morning, in at two... - Come straight to my office, please.  Paul... LINE DISCONNECTS  - I'm off, love. - Oh, hang on.  Just remember, you are the best candidate by a country mile.  The full case files came in last night. And?  Well, to me, it looked like they missed quite a lot, possible wits that weren't interviewed,      - sightings that weren't followed up. - Because?  Well, Matthew was no saint, he had half a dozen convictions.  ABH, possession, one for dealing.  In fact, there was even a warrant out for him, not back for bail.  Maybe they thought he was lying low for a bit.  Anyway, Fran's gonna go through them all in detail.  I'm gonna see if I can find the traffic offence files.  I'll call you.  Oh, and, sorry, where are we on locating next of kin?  Murray's on it.  Enjoy your run.  Thanks, Belle.  DOOR LOCK BEEPS    So, I spoke to a neighbour at his last known address and she said that both parents are now dead. OK.  He had an older brother, name of Clive, who she thinks is still alive, but the interesting thing is, Matthew's girlfriend, Karen, was pregnant when he went missing.  And she had the baby?  She did, name of Jerome.  And where's Karen now?  Also dead, according to the neighbour.  Heroin overdose, about    years ago.  There's a lot of premature deaths here.  The mum, the dad, Karen...  Was this as a result of Matthew's disappearance, do we think?  Some of it, I'd say, but, to be honest, it sounds like they were a pretty troubled family before he disappeared, lot of drug and alcohol and issues.  May I?  PHONE RINGS      Hello?  ON PHONE:  Ah, hello, is that Jerome?  Speaking.  Oh, hi, erm, my name is Cassie Stuart.  I'm a police officer and I was wondering if you had five minutes  to talk about your father, about Matthew Walsh?    What about him?  Jerome, I'm very sorry to have to tell you this, but...  we think there's a pretty good chance we might have found his remains.   Hello?  Yeah, look, er, this, er... This isn't a very good time, I'm on a job at the moment, could you call me back outside of work hours?  Er, yeah, absolutely.  Or I could come and talk to you in person.  Whatever works best for you.  Yeah. Look, you've got my number, erm, just text me some times and I'll get back to you.  Thank you.  It's Dean.  Yeah...  Can I give you a reg?  Just the usual. Plus five for inflation.  OK, it's a white Citroen Dispatch.  - CAR HORN SOUNDS - Are you gonna argue?!  THEY SHOUT AND ARGUE     Stop! Argh!  Did you see that?!  SHE MOANS    The driver had blue jeans, black trainers and a grey top.  I don't suppose you got the index of the moped?  Er, Foxtrot Juliet Zero Eight Tango Victor Uniform.  - Am I good to go, Brendan? - So, no dizziness,      - no blurred vision, no nausea? - None, I'm good.  Well, I'd prefer to take you back to the hospital...  I totally understand, but I feel fine.  And thank you, PC Robson.  And I'll get my PA to send a statement over later.  Ma'am.  DVLA have the car, a Ford Granada, being sold by Fogerty in and the new keeper notified the vehicle as off road in     , when it was sold for scrap.  OK, thanks. Jake?  So, we've opened pretty much every wardrobe, cupboard, box, drawer, anything that could contain body parts, and there's nothing.  Now, obviously, he could've disposed of these parts    years ago, but my guess is, logic-wise, the head and the hands, the easiest to identify, are the last parts you'd get rid of.  - Agreed. - OK, so, working on the assumption, and for whatever reason, he never actually disposed of any part of the body, should we be looking in his effects for evidence of some storage facility somewhere?  You mean like a garage, or a lockup, or something?  - Yeah, exactly. - Good idea.  In fact, any other buildings that he might have had access to, yeah.  Fran?  Yes. Still working my way through the original witness statements.  The wit detailed as being the last confirmed sighting of him has sadly died, but I have managed to make contact with a Viv Hancock today, seeing her tomorrow, who was also detailed as having seen Walsh that night.  Although there's no actual statement in the files.  Just lost or...?  Well, she told me today no formal statement was ever actually taken.  Ah. OK, so, just human error?  Er, I guess.  Well, let me know when you've spoken to her.  So, what else, er...  Oh, yeah, the victim's clothes have gone to a forensic botanist.  Leanne Balcombe thought there were some interesting plant remains caught on his T-shirt.  DI Khan is at the records archive and I'm off now to meet with the victim's son.  OK, that's it for now.  - Good to have you back, Guv. - Seconded.  Thirded.  Thank you, guys. Appreciated.  How'd you get on?  In that car with Fogerty were four police probationers going by the names of Dean, Fiona, Liz and Ram.  Come...  Ah, DCI Sidhu. Please, have a seat.  So, Lucy Myers...  I've spoken to Lucy and she says that you put your arm around her waist, made a number of lewd comments, patted her behind, and generally made her feel uncomfortable.  Didn't happen.  Right. Well, I have to say, I did see you...  Saw me, what? Enjoying someone's company? Not illegal, is it?  No, but there's... If anything, she was the who flirted with me.  Well, that is not...  Can we cut to the chase, Sir, what's she gonna do?  She's not decided yet.  But she might make a formal complaint?  She might, yes, she's still thinking about it.  But you haven't gone to Professional Standards yet?  No, not yet.  Well, I think we both know what this is really about.  Do we?  It's racially motivated.  Where do you get that from?  She flirted with the Paki, she came on to the Paki, but the Paki turned her down, and she didn't like it. Hang on...  So I suggest you have another word with her, Sir, to discourage her from taking this forward, otherwise I and the BPA will bring Arma-fucking-geddon down on the pair of you.  SHE KNOCKS ON DOOR   Where did you want me to put these, Mrs Baildon?  Liz dropped them in this morning, for Mother's Day.  The bin.  I'm sorry?  If she thinks I'm only worth a-day-late petrol station flowers, then I'd really rather she didn't bother.  Oh, you think butter wouldn't melt, don't you, Eugenia?  Well, I could tell you a thing or two about our Elizabeth that would make your hair turn grey.  - You've been in the wars, we hear? - Like I was going to win that one!  Well, genuinely, thank you for not cancelling today,      - we all appreciate it. - You're welcome.  I know how hard it is to get everyone in the same room.  Is it OK if we dive straight in?  Of course. Yes. Erm...  So...  I wonder, then, if we could start, Elizabeth, by you giving us a potted history, as it were, of your career to date?  Just be useful to hear a bit about, well, where you've come from.  Absolutely.  Well...  I think it's fair to say that when I told my parents I wanted to be a police officer, they could not have been less pleased.  I'd just completed a classics degree at Balliol, so it wasn't quite what they were expecting me to do next.  ...working as a constable in Walsall for three years was a total eye-opener for me.  I'd come from a privileged background...  ...I would love to improve the public's perception of who we are.  I would love them to see past the uniform.  ...I almost think somehow we've become the enemy...  ...part of my job is to make my fellow officers feel proud to do what they do.  Because I genuinely think they should feel proud, hugely so.  For not the biggest salary in the world, they risk their lives on a daily basis.  They walk toward danger on a daily basis.  They protect and serve and help the British public, on a daily basis. Now, I think that's pretty damn impressive and I think it's a key part of my job to remind the British public of that.  On a daily basis, if needs be.  THEY CHUCKLE    Well, thank you, Elizabeth, that was most impressive.  - Thank you. - Here-here.  Jerome?  Hi.  Cassie Stuart. Nice to meet you.  I've unblocked three toilets today, so I wouldn't, if I were you.  - Ah... - Come on in.  I obviously never met him, nor did I meet my grandparents, cos they led pretty chaotic lives.  Drink and drugs and all that sort of crap.  His girlfriend, my mum, had similar problems and died when I was seven, which meant I was mainly raised in care, so...  ...I just don't feel any...  serious emotional connection to him.  Of course. I also have a wife and a little one of my own and...  His life was just so messed up and tragic and...  ...dirty. I just don't want any of that, kind of, infecting my family now.  - Does that make any sense? - Absolutely.  I mean, if you need me to give you a DNA swab, to help identify him, I'm more than happy to do that, but that's about it, really.  No, I completely understand.  And thank you for that, the DNA thing, that would be very useful.  I am gonna be cheeky and ask one question, if I may?  Go on.  So, our files say that at the time of his disappearance, your father was living with his older brother, Clive, in a squat in north London.  And we believe Clive was the last person who actually knew him, to see him alive, so we'd love to speak to him.  And we just wondered if you had any contact details?  Or even if you knew if he was still alive?  Clive actually used to send me Christmas cards up until about...  four, five years ago?  I think I kept them somewhere. They might have an address on them.  I'll have a look at home, see what I can find.  I'd really appreciate it. Thank you.  So, what are you gonna do?  About the woman or the baby?  Both? Either?  The woman, I'll wait and see what she does.  If she makes it formal, I'll f*cking destroy her.  And you haven't considered, this time, maybe just...  speaking to her? Maybe apologising?  For what, being the wrong colour?  And you're    % sure this is about colour?  It couldn't just be two pissed people getting it slightly wrong?  - Mm-mm, no. - Mate...  Bal... Trust me.  When you've had    years of what I have, years of sh1t jokes about corner shops and Gandhi, to having to fight twice as hard for every promotion, of having to fend off a million attempts to basically get rid of me, then you'll know what it's about, what it's always about.  Well, I admire you, I do, cos how you have managed to remain so pissed off, for so many years...  Oh, it's easy, bruv.  I just look at you and dad and think I never wanna end up like that.  What, happy?  Accepting...  of things that aren't right, just cos, "That's the way it's always been." You don't get anywhere in this world without fighting, mate.  And if I piss people off along the way, good, I'm doing something right.  You've done a lot right, then.  THEY LAUGH    - And by the way, I am happy. Very. - Well, I hope so, I do.  Cos you give a very good impression of being a bloke who's still trying to prove something.  Which is a shame, cos all we've ever been is dead proud of you.  Hm, well, maybe tell the old man that one day.  Mate, you and him are more similar than you think.  Please, God, no.  He just wants the same as you, bro, a little respect.  Now, go home and talk to your wife, that is so much more important.  I love you, man.  I love you.   I want to change it.  Right. It's fine.  To what?  I want my half of the house to go to Jenny.  OK.  So, you remember you always said you wanted that to go to the kids...  - Please don't patronise me, Cass. - I'm not, I'm just...  I remember perfectly well.  Fine.  But the boys are spoilt, you said so yourself. Did I?  They need to earn their own money.  They need to go out there and get themselves a job, and giving them a great big lump sum in the...  It was never gonna work like that, Dad.  SHE TUTS    Your will says that, in the event of your death...  ...your equity stayed in the house till I sell, and then, uh, it goes into a trust for them until they're   .  Precisely because... neither of us thought it was good for them to get a lump sum too young.  We...  We worked it all through very carefully, as soon as you were diagnosed, if you remember.  Of course it's your choice, I'm just...  ...I'm not sure what's made you change your mind.  FOOTSTEPS, DOOR OPENS   Anyone need another cuppa?  What are you implying?  Nothing. It's a completely genuine question.  Do you know what he's planning to do?  No, I have no idea.  We haven't discussed it.  It's his will, it's entirely his business.  And don't you think you should discuss it, given his condition?  SCOFFS   Maybe. But I suspect you'd have something to say about it if I did.  This isn't what I wanted, Cassie. To fall in love with a dying man.  But I did. We are where we are.  I have no other agenda here.  FOOTSTEPS DOWN STAIRS    He went out like a light.  So, how was your day?  How are we for Wednesday?  You getting any real work done?  Fundraising feels a lot realer than importing air con systems.  - Are we on target? - I think so.  - We might even exceed it. - Serious?  I think we're in with a shout of raising    .  GASPS QUIETLY     So, do I get my sensory zone?  - SHE SQUEALS - Do I?  We'll see. Still got two tables left to sell.  You are such a star.  Mwah!  I don't know how you do it, honestly.  And let ME make some phone calls tomorrow about those two tables.  - I can try the old Lloyds mob. - That's a good idea.  Oh, I meant to say...  Gotta nip over to France in the morning, first thing. 
 
  A possible new client.  In-and-out job, so I'll be back late afternoon.  - Love? - Oh, no worries, babe.  Do you wanna play, Dad?  Sorry, mate, million emails to answer.  Looks like you've got me again, and I'm gonna...  AMERICAN ACCENT: ..whoop your sorry ass this time.  Yeah, right.  Maybe take him out for a beer, try and get a sense of whether she is manipulating him or not.  I think that's a really bad idea.  Why?  I mean, take him out for a beer cos it's a nice thing to do, but I would absolutely not start probing him about stuff.  - How else can we know? - Well, maybe you can't.  Maybe you just... have to let it run and see how it... See how it plays out.  She's known him less than    months, John.  There's no WAY he'd do this if he was in his right mind.  Yeah, I get all that, but...  - JOHN EXHALES   - Well, it just feels wrong to me.  Thanks.  Take him out for a beer, he'd like that.  BAR CHATTER     PHONE RINGS    RINGING STOPS     Mate.  HE SIGHS     Another one in there, please, mate.  Don't be long, love.  PHONE RINGS   PHONE VIBRATES      - Hello? -  How did it go?   - Mum! -  Yes,  I blocked my number cos I knew you wouldn't answer otherwise.  Wow.  Bit weird.  How did what go?  Don't be coy, Elizabeth.  Your job interview.   Oh, did you think I didn't know?   I'm sorry, I overheard you on the phone last week.  It went fine.   Good. Because I have to say, going for the top job... Well, I do admire your balls - under the circumstances, I mean.  LINE GOES DEAD    SEAGULLS SQUAWK    SHE GROANS     MUTTERS     FOOTSTEPS DOWNSTAIRS     - Hey. - Oh, hey, I didn't wake you, did I?  No, no.  Erm... I just got an email.  I got that job.  Oh, John.  Congratulations, that's...  brilliant.  Yeah, thanks.  So... that's, er, decision time, really, cos if I take it, it kind of means us buying down there, you know?  Right.  Yeah, er...  OK.  Can we talk tonight?  I've gotta run.  Yeah, sure. And well done, that's... really good news.  FRONT DOOR SHUTS   - Morning. - Morning, Anna.  - Is he downstairs? - Yes.  I'm doing a blood test in an hour.  Oh, hey, love.  You obviously don't have an opinion one way or the other.  GROGGY: Jesus, sorry.  I do, of course I do.  HE COUGHS     Should we, er, talk now? Grab a coffee and...?  I've been trying to speak to you for the last    hours, Ram.  I know, I'm really sorry. Something bad happened at work.  That is just not an excuse.  This is so much more important than anything to do with work.  SIRENS IN BACKGROUND    I'm really sorry.  You're absolutely right, can we talk now?  No, I'm not missing the blood test.  We'll talk tonight.  HE SIGHS   Rue de I'Eglise, s'il vous plait.  Jake?  - Oh, where were they? - In here.  Are my eyes just crap, or are they all illegible?  I can't read them. Must've got wet and the writing's smudged.  You know what we need, don't ya, us detectives?  What we actually need is a magnifying glass.  THEY CHUCKLE    But in the absence of Mr Holmes showing up...  ...I reckon the lab could do summat with them.  ENGINE STARTS   SIRENS BLARING       KNOCKING Morning, Ram.  So...  Listen, ah, I did what I could, I promise you.  Tried to convince her that this was a misunderstanding of some sort.  But she's just called me from home and she tells me she's too upset to come in for the rest of the week.  Mm. And I'm afraid she is going to be making a formal complaint when she comes back.  EXHALES     Two Chief Constable commendations, Paul.  Anyone else in this nick got two?  How many have even got one?  Well, like I said...  I'm sorry, but, er, my hands are tied.  DOOR SHUTS     SIGHS IN RELIEF    EXHALES     OK, yeah.  Um, hold on a sec. H-Hold on.  So, the son's DNA swab gives us a   % match with Matthew Walsh.  The press office want to put out a statement for the evening news.  I presume you need to speak to Andrews first, though, yeah?  No.  Tell them it's fine.  Bigger the better.  We're good to go out tonight. Thank you.  - Night, Guv! - Night, Sir.  CHATTER FADING     DOOR SHUTS IN DISTANCE     TYPING  There, it's all done.  The van's parked where you said.  So, I'm throwing this phone away now, so don't try to call me on it.  But, actually, don't try to call me on any phones.  I did you a favour, Felix, because we go back.  But that's it, debt paid. Just for the avoidance of doubt...  ...if you ask for one single thing more, I will make you regret it.  OK, I think we might be in luck.  So, the initial training period back then was just over six months.  Working back from the details you've given me, there was an intake that had their passing out parade on the   th March     .  And these are the records of all the probationers that started the training approximately working weeks before on September  th     . 	in each class, and here in class  /  C...  is Rob Fogerty.  There was only one Asian officer in that intake - a Ramjeet Sidhu.  Who I have done checks on, and who I can confirm is still a serving police officer.  - Where? - Twickenham.  Like yourself, he's a DCI, but he's with Vice.  So, staying with  /  C, on the assumption that, if they went to a passing out party together, they were most likely to have trained in the same group, I quickly found the others. So, here's your Dean.  A Dean Barton.  No longer serving.  In fact, he actually left very soon after initial training, in mid-    .  Wow, after just a few months?  Indeed, and similarly, in fact...  Fiona Grayson.  Left after only a year and a half, having been posted to Marylebone nick.  Statistically, is that unusual?  To have two probies leave so soon?  From one class, I'd say so.  And then, lastly, your Liz.  That's Liz Baildon.  - THE Liz Baildon? - About to be appointed Chief Constable of East Anglia Police, by all accounts.  And you've checked there were no other Lizzes on the course?  No. There were only women across that whole intake.  No other Lizzes, Beths, Elizas.  This IS Liz Baildon.  SHE SIGHS They passed out six months before me.  Wow. You didn't cross paths with any of them?  No, no. Still weird, though.  SHE EXHALES So, we do this by the book, Sunny.  Whatever they are now, any of them, they all get treated the same.  Wouldn't have dreamt of doing it any other way, boss.  What?  Just...  ...as long as we're not trying to settle scores here.  You think this is about my pension?  I just know the case for murder involving any of these four is paper-thin.  Right now, maybe, but it won't be, trust me.  My least favourite expression.  OK, fine.  There is... a small bit of me wants to punish someone.  Andrews, the Met.  f*ck it, the world sometimes, but it really is a tiny bit, Sunny, and if you see it getting in the way at any point, you call me out on it.  So, what is this about?  It's about something.  I dunno, I just think, sometimes, you need a kind of...  trick, to help you move on from something. A kind of...  ...sleight of hand.  And maybe mine's that, if we can do this right, if we can ignore who they are and do it by the book...  then all the questions might go away.  Walker, Finch... and the rest, they might all go away.  And I might be able to sleep at night.  It's a lot to ask for of one case.  Yeah, I don't have much choice...  PHONE RINGS Fran.  I just spoke to the witness, whose statement was never taken.  -  Vivienne Hancock.  - Go on.   We might have a connection.  Between?   Matthew Walsh and one of the passengers in the car.  Go on.  So, she was coming home from a night out, walking across this patch of grass, and she sees this lad in running gear running towards her...  Like, T-shirt and trackies, running gear?   Exactly. So, she sees this lad, who runs across the grass,  - As in chasing, running? -  She didn't say that, but...  And did she describe him at all, this other guy?  No detail apart from one thing - she said he was Asian.  NEWSREADER ON TV:  ...to be sold and abused over and over again.  - Tea?  - Ooh. -  Lucy Watson, News at Ten.   The Metropolitan police today released details   of a macabre discovery made in East London.   The headless and handless body of a man -   believed to be missing Farnham Park resident Matthew Walsh -   was found in a Leytonstone scrapyard on Thursday morning.  MALE NEWSREADER: The remains of Matthew Walsh,  who actually went missing in March of     ,   have been described by detectives as being "perfectly preserved".   ...leading to speculation that his body   may have been kept in a freezer in the intervening    years.   Police say they have now opened a new investigation   and urge anyone with any information   surrounding Mr Walsh's disappearance to get in touch.   - MUG SHATTERING - Love?!  It's just shock, sweetheart.  It's delayed shock.  From the assault.  You're just in shock from that b*st*rd attacking you.  Let's sit you down. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 