Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 04x05 - Episode 5 - Unforgotten 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 04x05 - Episode 5 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=462&t=43599 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/23/21 04:52 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 04x05 - Episode 5 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 So, have you spoken to your dad again? 
 - No. 
 Spoke to a lawyer, though. 
 - A lawyer? 
 I can't lose this anger, John. 
 First theory  
 - a chase that went accidentally wrong. 
 Second theory  
 - this was a very violent murder. 
 - What if they find out about the pub? 
 - They won't find out about the pub. 
 They might find out everything. 
 They said I was speeding. 
 I killed a child. 
 If that blood test had come back positive,     
 - Fiona Grayson would be in jail. 
 - It was lost. 
 Three weeks before Matthew disappeared, he committed an ABH on Ram Sidhu. 
 I've been trying to speak to you for the last    hours, Ram. 
 I'm doing a blood test in an hour. 
 You never told me the police had interviewed you. 
 - I can't take the secrets and lies. 
 - We will do this, but not now. 
 - I think we pull Sidhu in now. 
 - You don't think we should wait... 
 No. 
 Let's get him in now, please. 
 A witness comes out    years after the event and says he saw an Asian guy, are you serious? 
 - I think we're done here. 
 - I just want it over. 
 I shouldn't even be here. 
 ♪ All we do is hide away    ♪ All we do is, All we do is hide away    ♪ All we do is lie and wait    ♪ All we do is, All we do is lie and wait    ♪ I've been upside down    ♪ I don't wanna be The right way round    ♪ Can't find paradise On the ground. ♪    
 - Murray's found our landlady. 
 - Monty? 
 Lovely Monty. 
 - She's alive? 
 - Very much so, apparently. 
 - He's seeing her in the morning. 
 - Nice one. 
 You look knackered, boss. 
 - Thank you. 
 - I meant "go home". 
 I'm trying. 
 Oh, Guy, sorry... 
 You know the documents thing for Dean Barton? 
 - Turns out he changed his surname. 
 - Wow. 
 When and why? 
 About three months before he applied to Hendon. 
 OK. 
 Changed it by deed poll. 
 His real name is Dean Quinn. 
 I'll run it through PNC, maybe that'll tell us why. 
 Good stuff. 
 Let me know if you get anything. 
 Yeah. 
 Night, boss. 
 This is why you changed your mind? 
 Because you think you might be in jail on a murder charge? 
 Listen. 
 First of all, I didn't do anything. 
 If you didn't do anything, why do you look so scared? 
 Oh, why am I ever scared when I'm getting investigated, Anna? 
 - What murder? 
 Who? 
 Where? 
 - It was three decades ago. 
 They have no evidence, and like I said,    
 - I didn't do anything. 
 - Who? 
 Some... 
 small time drug dealer. 
 They found his preserved body     
 - a week or so ago. 
 - I saw that story. 
 OK, so... 
 This weird connection between the victim    
 - and a car I was in. 
 - A real connection? 
 - Yeah, but... 
 - What connection?! 
 They think his body was in the back of the car. 
 Oh, my God. 
 But if it was, I had no idea. 
 And I swear... 
 ...Anna, I had nothing to do with any murder. 
 But, yes, I am scared, as always, because I'm a problem for them, always have been, and I genuinely believe they could use this to get rid of me for good. 
 I don't know, Ram. 
 I just know this is one more thing to cope with at the hardest moment of my entire life. 
 PHONE RINGS    Caz. 
 So I've found nothing for Dean Quinn,  but lots for a Peter Quinn. 
 Date of birth     ,    with his birth certificate detailing him having four sons, with one of them called Dean. 
 Mm. 
 And when you say "lots"? 
 Drugs, prostitution, extortion, lots of violence. 
 I mean, he's spent half his life inside. 
 Jesus. 
 How was the father's record not spotted? 
 Yeah, well, the name change obviously helped. 
 But Dean's application wasn't sent from the family home address either,  so he was obviously trying to avoid just that.   
 But it wasn't just the father at it, either.   
 Two of Dean's brothers have long records as well,   
 - so it's clearly a family business. 
 - Hm. 
 OK, good work, Caz. 
 - Now, go home. 
 G'night. 
 - Night, boss.   
 What do you mean you're not gonna let me in? 
 I don't want you to talk to him in this mood. 
 - What mood? 
 I'm not in any mood. 
 - You're angry, again. 
 No. 
 No, I'm not. 
 But if I was, it would be because a woman I hardly know is stopping me from seeing my own father. 
 No. 
 I mean, I'm sure you'd prefer if I never saw him again,    
 - SO you can... 
 - So I can what? 
 Oh, seriously, just let me in, you absolute... 
 Go home, Cass. 
 Jen is simply trying to protect me because she knows that I really do find all of this incredibly upsetting. 
 I mean, Jesus, Cass... 
  ...don't you think it's hard enough me losing me, without feeling that I am losing my daughter as well? 
  I mean, really, what's happened to you? 
  - Nothing's happened to me. 
 - Why not try asking John if he thinks that's true. 
 Or Adam. 
 Or your work colleagues. 
  Maybe ask them if they think you've turned into an arsehole. 
  Because I do. 
  Maybe I'll ask my lawyer! 
  Oh. 
   Actually, I don't even think you are angry about the will...      ...or Jen. 
   I think you're angry because you're losing him.   And if that anger's helping you,   fine, whatever gets you through the night.  Except I don't think it is. 
  I think it's making things worse. 
   And it's definitely not helping him.  And I'll say this once more, then you can tell me to piss off... 
   We don't need your pension money, Cass, we could buy a lovely place   down here, mortgage free, with what we have.  OK. 
   You could leave tomorrow if you wanted.  Of course, you're right, I know you are... about it all and... 
   TW call my dad in the morning.  But the job... 
  ...I have to stay now, John. 
   There's stuff I'll tell you one day, but...  I have to see this case through now. 
  Oh, how could you forget Ram? 
 So handsome, we all fancied Ram. 
  So you remember this incident, Monty? 
  It was me that called the police. 
  Walsh made such a mess of his face. 
  What about the girl, the one the fight was about, do you remember her name? 
  I don't remember her name, but... 
  she was the one I had to keep barring because she was drinking too much. 
  OK, right, but she was also a probie? 
  - Yeah. 
 - And she was there with just Ram? 
  Oh, no, she was there with another girl, er... 
  Busy Lizzie... always moving at     miles an hour. 
  Now, the arresting officer suggested that the suspect had made a pass at the girl? 
  Oh, it was much more than a pass, I think. 
  There was an alley to the ladies outside, and he grabbed her there. 
  These days, you call it a sexual assault. 
  Ram had interrupted it... and just went for him. 
  He bit off more than he could chew, unfortunately. 
  Hey, Dad, it's me. 
 Er... listen, I don't wanna do this on a message... 
   ...but can you call me, please? 
 I really wanna speak to you. SCRAPING   What year was your conviction?  The dangerous driving thing. 	 .  And what year did you become a therapist? 	 .  And they didn't have a problem with that?  Your regulatory body.  They didn't have a problem giving you a licence?  Well, they would've done, yeah.  What do you mean, "they would've done"?  - I don't have a licence. - Yeah, you've got a licence.  It's on your letterhead, Fi. I mean, how else would you practise if you didn't have a bloody licence?  It's a fake one.  I bought it online for a hundred quid.  My degree is real, my PhD is real, my psychotherapy training is real.  I just... never applied for an actual licence because...  ...I didn't think I'd get one.  So you've been practising fraudulently for years?  Yeah.  - How have you never been... - I always expected to be found out, but it just...  ...never happened.  - Does Mark know about this? - No.  We have a commercial loan, which we've agreed to pay back with the income from a job you're not legally qualified to practise?  Excuse me.  So, the phone mast data gives us Ram Sidhu and Dean Barton within a mile of each another, miles outside London, three days after we announced the discovery of Walsh's body.  - Where? - At a... wood just outside Guildford.  - That's really good. - Mm.  And then, one of the boards down by the allotment has given us a guy who thinks he may have seen something that night, so we're bringing him in. Right.  And Monty... came up trumps.  It's actually more than you asked for.  I don't want more.  Well, think of it as a backdated pay rise.  I should have listened to you sooner and...  I am truly sorry about that.  BANGING      I would never have actually said anything because I know she'd just...  I don't think you're a bad person, Liz, and I shouldn't have said what I did.  You deserved better.  So, this has never felt like a mob attack to me.  - Nor to me. - No wounds on his body,      - kick marks, punch marks. - We also know that three of them got out of the car separately, with only the women getting out together.  - Yeah, and they're five coppers. - Indeed.  So to me, if this wasn't an accident, if it was deliberate...  it feels like it was more likely to have been just one of them, and then the others came across the scene.  Yeah, and then for whatever reason, and this needs work, cos I struggle to understand why the f*ck anyone would,    - but they agreed to cover it up. - Mm. But which one?  So Ram Sidhu has to be the most obvious candidate.  Yeah.  He's got the most obvious grievance, he's a loose cannon.  He got out of the car first.  But let's game the others.  So, Fiona, we now know, was sexually assaulted by this man.  Yeah, but... would a woman stab a man in the head?  If he made easy sexist assumptions, very possibly.  Actually, we don't know what a sexual assault might have triggered in her, from her own past, I mean.  No, it's a good thought.  - What about Baildon? - So the woman she maybe loved had been sexually assaulted by Walsh.  Would a woman stab a man in the head, though?  And then...  - there's Barton and Fogerty. - Yeah, and...  ...we have zero on Fogerty, which we really need to address.  And then we have Barton with his criminal family history.  - With associated violence. - No connection to Walsh.  No evidence that he was even in the pub. No.  - We can call Sidhu back in? - Except he'll just deny it.  Not a chance we'll get a confession out of him.  And we don't have enough evidence to charge him, so, no.  SHE SIGHS     So I think the best bet is to divide and rule.  Scare the sh1t out of all them with what we do know.  Hmm...  Maybe offer them the promise of cooperation deals.  Make them all, individually, think we have more than we have, so that they then turn against each other. I like it.  We already have...  Yeah, we've got nice stuff on Baildon and Grayson, er...  But let's get more. I'd love to nail Baildon with that blood test stuff.  And then we need more on Sidhu and Barton.  I mean, stuff like the phone masts...  ...that suggests collusion, that proves they're lying to us, and it allows us to ask why.  So let's get authority to view Sidhu's disciplinary record and go through it with a fine tooth comb to see if he has a capacity for violence. Similarly with Barton.  He's a lad from a...  family of career criminals who decides to join the police, what's the story there? Let's try to speak to his family.  I also think we should go after bank accounts as well.  Fiona may not be the only one asking favours from old academy friends.  Mm. And let's dig more on Fogerty.  Because unless there's something fabulously incriminating about the murder weapon, if I was them, and I was forced by weight of evidence to finally admit that, yes, I was there that night...  .who am I then gonna blame for the actual murder?  The dead guy with the body in his house.  The dead guy with the body in his house.  Yeah.  That's my birthday, that date.  And that year was my   th, so I remember that night well.  I'd had a few with my wife to celebrate, and then I took the dog out.  And it was next to the allotments that I saw them.  This was by the entrance, before they stuck the gates up.  How many of them, do you remember?  Well, two... carrying it, whatever it was, wrapped up in tarp.  Maybe one opening the boot.  Couldn't swear to that, though. But then definitely two arguing.  Arguing?  - A woman and a man, she was crying. - Right.  - Did you hear anything they said? - No.  Oh. Did you say anything?  I said, "What you got there, a dead body?"     Oh, there you are.  How long have you known?  Known what?  What I told Dad.  He mentioned it just before he died.  I mean, he was babbling all sorts of nonsense at that point, so I didn't take it remotely seriously.  Clearly I was wrong.  SHE SNIFFS     I have to say, Elizabeth, my estimation of you has gone up enormously.  You're in danger of almost being interesting.  I am who I am, Mum.  I've always been... pretty happy with that.  I've made mistakes.  One dreadful one. My God, I'd have loathed to have lived a life like yours. To have been a person who's...  never even contemplated helping others, who's never even considered trying to make the world a better place.  You're beginning to sound like a Michael Jackson song...  Shut the f*ck up!  I don't expect love from you.  You've only ever loved yourself.  But you will speak to me with respect from now on.  Or... I swear...  ...I swear... I will come in here while you're sleeping and I will stick a pillow over your smug, self-satisfied face, until you are quiet.  Mrs Quinn?  Liam and Sean don't live 'ere, haven't done for years.  It was actually Dean we came about.  What could I tell you about Dean? I ain't seen him for    years.  My husband's dead now...  but in his world, the notion of crossing that line, becoming a copper, that was as bad as it got.  So when he found out...  ...it was awful.  Worse even than Dean expected, I think.  That night, he went down the local, where they'd known him since he was a kid, and they wouldn't let him in.  As he walked away, he was attacked and beaten to pulp, by two of his brothers, while his father watched.  FRONT DOOR OPENS Mum?  Out, now.  They're going, Sean. Just wait outside.  You shouldn't be f*cking talking to them in the first place.  Out-side.  I'll give you one minute.  DOOR OPENS, THEN CLOSES      Has he been happy?  I think so, yeah.  Still old bill?  He left straight after training.  Married?  Yeah. With two children.  Can you tell me where he lives?  I don't think we can do that, I'm afraid.  Please.  I ain't got long.  Not a lot to say, Marn, there are no great secrets.  Calais was a one-off.  It's a debt repaid. It'll never happen again, I promise.  And my family...  ...don't actually know if my mum's alive.  Or my dad. Or my brothers.  But they're not the kind of people I'd want to bring into your life, or the kids'.  Now, I cannot tell you how much I...  ...hated them and the...  ...the values that they held, that they tried to instil in me.  The person that...  ...they very nearly made me become, in fact.  So it's been a long, hard    years...  CHOKING UP: ..trying to distance myself from them. And I...  CRYING: Please, don't...  don't make me go back there.  HE CRIES I'm sorry.  So, Ram Sidhu has twice been accused of using excessive force.  First time was years ago during a row in a shopping centre with a member of the public, who he alleged racially abused him.  And then the second time was six years ago with a fellow officer, who he claims used a racial slur against him.  On both occasions, he was cleared, but on both occasions, witnesses describe the violence as "coming out of nowhere".  And one described him as going from   to in under a second.  Fran, Rob Fogerty?  Er, yeah. Erm... rather sad man.  Worked a variety of fairly dead-end jobs after leaving the force. Did these until about ten years ago when his drinking stopped him from being able to hold down a job.  He then lived on benefits and inherited money from his dad.  I managed to track down a teacher at his old secondary school, who described him as a very sweet boy, but one who struggled academically and one who was also very easily led.  - And Jake. - So, I can't conclusively prove that Baildon deliberately lost the bloods, but I can prove that she was on custody duty the night the vials went missing from the fridge.  I can also prove that she volunteered for overtime that night.  So I think we have enough on Grayson and Baildon right now.  Let's give 'em a tug and put them under some pressure.  And, Fran, so the fourth Quinn brother is dead, I'd like to know how and when.  It might be nothing, but have a dig. Thank you, guys.  Need you downstairs, please, kids. House talk.  House talk, please.  What's going on, Dad?  So, the question is...  looking ahead to year end '  , what impact will that overspend have on rural services?  If you could turn to page   ...  One more thing...  Sir...  ...I'm afraid I need to withdraw my candidacy.  - What, sorry, wh...? - I just want to say...  ...I am deeply sorry if I've caused you any embarrassment.  Liz, I'm sorry, I've got absolutely no idea...  KNOCK ON DOOR     So sorry to interrupt, sir, but there are two officers here who need to speak to DCC Baildon. They've said it's fairly urgent.  So your dad and I have been talking, and I need to tell you some things about myself and my past.  OK. First up, erm...  ...my dad didn't die when I was a baby.  I wasn't brought up by foster parents.  He died when I was   .  And one of the reasons I lied about this was because on his gravestone, it says "A copper's copper”, and I didn't want anyone to know that he was a copper, as was his dad before him. And here's the thing, for a brief period of time, as was I.  And I tell you this because it starts to explain a part of my life about which I am deeply ashamed,     - and which I also lied about... - KNOCK ON DOOR      - Shall I get the door, Dad? - No, no, no, leave the door. 
 
  So, kids, I did not want to be a policewoman.  It had always seemed a limiting and backward world to me, but to say that to my dad felt like it would...  ridicule the path he and my grandad had followed, so I lied.  I lied to myself, and I lied to him, which was a stupid thing to do.  KNOCK ON DOOR This is funny, erm...  He actually died    months after I qualified, and I found out from his diaries that he hadn't wanted to be a police officer, either.  - He'd done it to please his dad. - KNOCK ON DOOR     So there's an irony there, isn't there?  - Fiona, can you stop, please? - So in order to...  bury the unhappiness at where I found myself, I started drinking, a lot, and was in fact an alcoholic for many, many years, kids.  I also became very depressed, and on two occasions, I tried to kill myself.  I also, during this time, I made many, many mistakes, one of which I told your father about the other night, and which I need to tell you about, too. So...  in , I killed a child in a car crash, which is just dreadful, but worse than that, I...  - Fiona Grayson. - Yes?  I need you to come with us, please, Fiona. I'm talking to my kids.  I can see that, but I don't think you want me to do this here.  You've come about the body, haven't you?  HE GASPS     Three weeks prior to the night he disappeared, Matthew Walsh sexually assaulted Fiona Grayson at the Ifield pub in Hendon.  Ram Sidhu then got into a fight with him and we believe you were there.  Well, what evidence do you have for that?  Well, let's maybe come back to that later. For now, I'd like to stick with the events of the night he disappeared.  Because I think you did get out of the car, following Ram spotting Walsh, and then him deciding that maybe "a bit of a chat" was in order.  - Nope. - I think a few minutes later, you found yourself on Marshfield Lane,     - by the allotments. - No.  Where I think Matthew Walsh died.  Again, what evidence do you have for that?  Actually, we've just found a witness who saw a number of people loading something into a car down by the allotments at about the right time.  Again, that sort of testimony is not going to be taken very seriously, I'm afraid.   I would have expected better of you than this, DC Stuart.    Fiona Grayson.  When was the last time you saw her?  Fiona? Erm...  .when we left Hendon, I guess.  Right. What about when you lived together in Thames Ditton, when you were stationed at Kingston nick?  - I'm sorry, I meant since then. - So you just lied to me.  I'm actually finding this quite stressful...  ...and I'm not thinking... very...  To be clear, I haven't seen her since we shared a flat or    years ago.  So, were you in a relationship with her?  On/off, yes.  But you never mentioned any of this when we first met.  On that occasion, too...  you said that you'd not seen any of them, bar Ram Sidhu,      - since you left Hendon. - Apologies, that was an error.  Would have expected better of you, Deputy Chief Constable Baildon.  So I want, if I may, to ask you about an incident on the   th July     .  Does that date ring any bells for you?  Nope.  It was the day your girlfriend was involved in an RTC     in which a young child died.  I presume you remember that?  Actually, we'd been separated for a year or so before that.  Oh, OK.  Well, I'm glad you've told me that, because that really does make me wonder why you did it.  - Did what? - Deliberately lost the blood samples taken from her.  I don't know what you're talking about.  The blood samples that would've confirmed what the arresting officer suspected - that she was over the limit.  Sorry, didn't happen.  SHE SIGHS IN EXASPERATION     OK, let me tell you where I'm going with this, Deputy Chief Constable.  There's lots... that we don't know about what happened that night.  We don't know yet if Walsh's death was an accident, or a more deliberate act. And if it was deliberate, if it was committed by just one of you, or more.  But one thing... we are completely sure about is that Matthew Walsh died that night, as a result of some sort of engagement with the five people in that car. And that you then ALL...  colluded to hide that fact.  And indeed his body.  So, the real question now...  ...is who's gonna be the first to admit that and gain advantage from their cooperation when they're sentenced?  So, bearing that in mind...  ...is there anything you would like to tell us, DCC Baildon?  No comment.  RASPY BREATHING      So, our object, it's not a rod or a spike from the wall,   it's actually what I suspected it was when I first cleaned it up.   - It's a pen.    - A what?  A fountain pen, gold-tipped nib.  Quite a lethal weapon if you wanted it to be.  OK, I need to see this. I've got one more interview to do,     and then I'll come straight over.  But this means he definitely was stabbed, yes?  I guess it could have been inserted postmortem, but why?  CELL DOOR OPENS  I'll call you back.  OK, so, first up, Fiona, how about I tell you what we know?  So, we know about the pub.  We know that Matthew Walsh sexually assaulted you.  And we know that Ram Sidhu then got into a fight with Matthew because of that. And we know Liz Baildon was there, too.  We also know about your RTC... three years later.  And we suspect that Liz then contrived to lose your blood samples.  Given that you two weren't in a relationship at that point, we then have to ask... why she'd do such a thing.  And we have to conclude...  that you used the events of March   th as leverage.  So that's what we know.  I don't think any of this is a surprise to you.  But I'm guessing that what I'm going to tell you next might be.  Matthew Walsh, we now suspect...  - ...died of a stab wound... - No.  - ...to the head. - No.  Unless you know different?  He was never stabbed, I promise. It was an accident.  He told us it was an accident.  - Who? - Ram.  He said that Walsh had tripped and hit his head.  He said it was an accident.  Ooh, and he scores!  England are through to the World Cup final!  HE LAUGHS     There's a woman at the door. She says she's your mum.  And we were driving through some shitty suburb, south of Hendon...  when Ram saw him.  Just standing there on a patch of grass on the other side of the road.  And he yelled at Rob to pull over, and it was him.  The lad who'd put his hand up my skirt...  ...who'd given Ram a pasting.  No doubt, it was him.  And Ram said we should search him because he was bound to have gear on him.  And just have a bit of fun with him, give him a bit of a scare.  And me and Liz kept saying no, telling Ram he was drunk and behaving like an idiot.  And then... Ram looked at Rob, and they both grin...  and then suddenly, he gets out the car, before we can stop him, and shouting over at Walsh, who sees who it is, and then just pegs it.  And Rob's pissing himself laughing, and we're saying, "Stay in the f*cking car, stay in the car."    And then he's getting out the car and running after them both.  So then it's just me and Lizzie and Dean.  And Dean is really, really quiet.  And then he said something like, he'd better go and stop them doing anything stupid.  And then he gets out.  And he walks, he doesn't run.  And me and Lizzie, we just stayed where we were, waiting for them to come back, we were fairly terrified, for ages.  And then eventually...  Liz said that we should go and try and find them as well.  Er... we got out and...  ...we walked for about    minutes...  ...eventually splitting up to find them.  And then I just turned a corner...  and there was Ram and Rob.  They were in this, er, allotment behind this low wall...  ...and it was dark, so I couldn't really see what was happening at first...  ...but as I got closer, I saw the lad...  was on his back... with a wound on his head.  And...  ...Ram was next to him, giving him CPR.  CRYING: Oh, God.  And as he was doing it, he just kept saying over and over that he didn't do anything, he just found him like that.  And then somebody said that we should...  knock on a door and call for an ambulance.  And then Ram said no...  ...because he was already gone...  ...he was already dead.  - There you go. - Shukriya, bachche.  One for you.  Just look at me, Dad.  Just once.  That's all I want.  Then maybe I can stop all this sh1t.  The money, the job, the lot.  LAUGHING: Just look at me.  And I've gone over it    ,    times since and...  y'know, there was a logic to it, of course. He was dead...  there was nothing anyone could do to help, it was just an accident.  But in here...  ...I know we should have called for help.  I've always known.  And so, who then...  suggested you take him?  Ram. He knew they might trace it back to him because of the fight in the Ifield.  And he thought he might have left clothing fibres...  ...on the lad's body, so...  This thing changed my entire life. This...  ...horrific decision I went along with.  It happened in a moment. One minute, my life was normal...  Normal. And the next...  ...it was...  what it became, the life I ended up living.  So once you decided...  - ...Rob went and got the car? - Yeah.  And then you all...  - helped put him in? - I didn't.  I was in too much of a state. But the others did, yeah.  And then Rob's hands were shaking so much that, erm, Ram gave him a couple of swigs from a bottle of whiskey that he had with him.  Which is why he was over the limit.  And Rob was meant to get rid of the body?  He kind of hero worshipped Ram.  And Ram convinced him he was the best placed.  And, of course, we all thought he had got rid of it.  I thought it was an accident.  Otherwise, I would never have covered it up.  We all thought it was an accident.  SHE CRIES     I'm not expecting forgiveness. I'm not expecting love, or a relationship.  I ain't come here expecting anything.  I just want you...  my son...  ...to know, before I die, that I love you.  I always have.  And I'm sorry.  How long do you have?  So she's telling the truth, her truth, she thought that was what happened.  Or she knew he was stabbed and this is all a carefully calculated lie      - to minimise her culpability. - Or she did it.  Nah, she didn't do it.  And she didn't know he was stabbed, either.  Unless she's the best liar in the world.  Which I don't buy.  So, who did do it?  OK, it's late, I'm gonna nip over to the mortuary.  Let's discuss further tomorrow.  - You're gonna go now? - Mm.  Do you wanna charge either of them with anything? No.  RUI them both for now.  Let's see where we get to tomorrow.  Hey, boss...  ...we're getting there.  Hey, Dad. Me again.  Listen, maybe I'm not gonna get to speak to you today...  so I just wanna say...  Ram?  And then after I called you, I went online and checked a few details of pens this shape and design and... I think it is a Cigne.  And if it is, they've got serial numbers on the nib body, which might be visible under the right light, and might give you the name of the purchaser. Wow.  That's... brilliant.  I will sort that tomorrow.  Go home, you look knackered.  - You are a stone cold genius, Leanne. - Yeah. This, er, this much is true.   TW get that picked up first thing.    Thank you again. Night, Cass.  Night.  Come on, Dad. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 