Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x04 - Episode 4 - Unforgotten 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x04 - Episode 4 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=462&t=23422 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/29/15 18:11 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x04 - Episode 4 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Cassie : Of all the names and numbers in the diary... 
 Elizabeth Wilton... 
 I did what I did because he made me. 
 He made you join the National Front? 
 .. Frank Phillip Cross... 
 Pinion : Frank was very good at getting money that was owed to us. 
 He liked the bolt cutters. 
 It's not true. 
 .. Eric Slater... 
 Yeah, I knew Jimmy. Nice lad. 
 Jo-Jo? 
 She was at it in one of the storage rooms. 
 Yeah, with what's his face from St Gildas. 
 I'm sorry. I don't feel very well. 
 Dad? 
 I never got it out, you know? You need a cold soak first. 
 It's blood, isn't it? 
 Sunny : He only went into a wheelchair in his mid-30s. 
 So in '76, he was perfectly able. 
 ♪ Oh Wonder: All We Do ♪ 
♪ All we do is hide away ♪ 
♪ All we do is, All we do is hide away ♪ 
♪ All we do is lie in wait ♪ 
♪ All we do is, All we do is lie in wait ♪ 
♪ I have been upside down ♪ 
♪ I don't wanna be the right way round ♪ 
♪ Can't find paradise on the ground ♪ 
 Sunny : So later on last night, about half-ten, Aisha comes into my room to tell me that Gemma has -- once again -- been Snapchatting pictures of her bottom to some lad in her class. 
 Oh, nice (!) 
 Two hours later -- two hours -- 
 I finally managed to find her phone and confiscate it. 
 Yeah, and it probably isn't even a lad in her class. 
 It's probably some retired colonel from East Grinstead posing as him. 
 Guv, sometimes the things you say just... just make me feel worse. 
 Hashtag 'Just saying'. 
 OK? (CLEARS THROAT) 
 (GEESE HONKING) 
 Les : Yeah, no, it looks worse than it actually is. 
 Exactly. Yeah, I'll get one of those rubber bath mats. 
 All right then, love. OK. I'll be back in about 20 minutes. 
 Bye. 
 Right. Here we go. 
 Thanks, matey. 
 Come on, Mother. Tuck in. 
 I don't want to be here, Les. 
 Change the record, love. 
 I want to be somewhere safe. 
 I know. I -- 
 No, she's safe here. 
 Please? 
 Dad, I -- 
 Dad! 
 One more word, one more f*cking word from either of you! 
 Will you calm down?! 
 You did slip, didn't you, Mum? 
 Of course. 
 Thomas Pinion is a lifelong alcoholic, who could say one thing to you, another to me and another to a newspaper. 
 Who will also, of course, be paying him. 
 As, indeed, he said erm, you were... to stay silent about your activities with the Fenwick family. 
 Except he's lying. 
 His bank records confirm six sums of £2,000 paid into his account, over a period of five years from 2004. 
 And what proof do you have this has anything to do with my client? 
 Er, no proof, yet. Because they were cash. 
 But obviously, if we went through your business records and found any petty cash transactions matching these sums... we'd be concerned. 
 Look. I fully admit... for a few months 40 years ago, I associated with some people I sincerely wish I hadn't. 
 But... 
 If I was the sort of person who could've done what you allege... could I really be what I am now? 
 Quite a lot of people might say it was an essential qualification. 
 (CHUCKLES) 
 People make mistakes. 
 That doesn't make me a murderer. 
 Hm. 
 (SIREN WAILING) 
 What you waiting about for, lads? 
 Come on, five laps, easy jog. 
 (CLAPPING HANDS) 
 Where's Curtis? 
 No idea. Why? 
 Come on, lads. Let's be 'aving you. 
 Maybe he ain't here cos of her. 
 Why's that, then, mate? 
 Just heard some things, innit? 
 Yeah? What things? 
 'Bout dem bitch! 
 Don't you ever... talk about my wife, like that. 
 You get me, BLUD? 
 OK, man. 
 Ever. 
 OK, I get it, I get it! 
 Whatever Curtis told you... ANY of you... whatever he thinks he heard, I'm telling you he got it wrong! 
 You got that? 
 (GULLS SQUAWKING) 
 (DOOR OPENS) 
 Rob, it's half-five and you have Mass. 
 I need you to sit down. 
 I need to tell you something. 
 I don't need to sit down. What is it? 
 What do you need to tell me? 
 The young man the police were asking me about -- and I promise I really don't know anything about how he died. 
 But the real reason they were talking to me was because I had a connection to him that wasn't just work. 
 It was a woman. 
 A young woman called Joanna. 
 Who used to -- 
 I remember Joanna. 
 She was a girl, not a woman. 
 A young girl. 
 A young person. 
 Who I am ashamed to tell you now that I had a very, very brief relationship with. 
 So sorry, Grace. 
 It was 39 years ago but... 
 I can't imagine that makes it any easier to hear now. 
 As I say, it was fleeting. 
 It was a few weeks at most. 
 But it was a shameful thing to do. 
 And all I can do now is... is beg your forgiveness. 
 What year was this? 
 1976. 
 We only got married the year before. 
 It was a terrible mistake. 
 And I am so, so sorry. 
 So in June 1973... 
 Slater was arrested following a fight outside a pub in Kentish Town. 
 What he get? 
 Bound over. Victim didn't turn up. 
 The victim? What was this? It an assault or -- 
 It's confusing. The arresting officer has it down as a fight but it's listed as an assault in the courts. 
 Have you got the name of the plaintiff? 
 Yeah. 
 Name of Paul Brian West. 
 I spoke to his sister. West himself died five years ago but... she said she didn't know anything. 
 Ah, OK. 
 Jake? 
 Slightly like pulling teeth, guv. 
 I've got 50 possible names here, hostel residents at Arlingham House that might have known Elizabeth Lawes or Erskine, and for every single name I've got 30, 40 people in the same name, and they're all Duncan Morrison or Wendy Haines or -- 
 Yeah, OK, OK. 
 I suspect it's time we got a picture of Jimmy into the papers. 
 Sunny, will you talk to the DPA? 
 Yeah, no problem. 
 Murray, any joy with Jo-Jo? 
 Nothing on the census. 
 What about Greaves's phone records? 
 No, all the numbers he rang from his mobile, his landline are kosher. 
 OK um, find out where the nearest payphone is to his house, and see if BT will provide us with every number rung from there from... When did you call his dioceses for contact details? 
 Er... Monday PM, just after lunch. 
 Yeah, from Monday midday till midnight same day. 
 It's worth a try. 
 Robert Greaves had a relationship with Jimmy Sullivan's girlfriend. 
 Now, if Jimmy found out, got mad... went round to confront him... who knows where that ended? 
 Well, except maybe Jo-Jo does. 
 Suze, have a look at this, will you? 
 It's his scaphoid, which is split -- post-mortem I assumed, except when I put the two bits together, that's a hole, isn't it? 
 Like something's been driven through it. 
 Something like a... nail. 
 I've seen it before with gangland punishment murders. 
 'A nail hammered through the hand.' 
 Very often a precursor to other forms of torture. 
 All right. Thanks. 
 'You're welcome.' 
 Cross : If Pinion's lies are all the police have, I wouldn't be too worried. 
 But couple of days ago, Gordon Fenwick... called me from Cyprus, threatening to go to the police himself with... with some other stuff. 
 What other stuff? 
 More lies, detail's not really important. 
 What is important is what the police might believe. 
 And he wants money? 
 Course. 
 S-So what are you gonna do? 
 Your Turkish friends... I might need you to call them for me. 
 I'm not talking anything stupid, just a quiet word. 
 For a man like Fenwick, I suspect that'll be enough. 
 Dad, are you sure? That is quite a move. 
 Gordon Fenwick could get me jailed for murder, a murder I had absolutely nothing to do with. 
 We need him to back off. 
 And fast. 
 Yeah, what I wanna know is if it's possible to tell me what numbers were called from this payphone from midday on the 23rd to approximately midnight. 
 Brilliant. Yeah, great. 
 Yeah. 
 Eric : Yeah, I think it was probably the only fight... 
 I ever got into. I-I'd had a skinful, as I remember, and I think he had as well. 
 Right. Do you remember what it was about? 
 Football. I'm afraid. 
 I'm a Blade. For my sins. He was a Gooner. 
 I think we'd just beaten them and one of us must've said something. 
 It all kicked off... Stupid, just stupid, really. 
 I mean, put it down to the impetuosity of youth. 
 Hopefully I've grown up a bit since then. (CHUCKLES) 
 In the court documents, it has it down as you assaulting him, which er... implies that you started it. 
 Well... then I expect I did. 
 I mean, you know, I was drunk. As I say. I... 
 I can't really remember an awful lot about it. 
 Sorry. 
 Yeah, my real name's Alan Mackay, but everyone calls me Mackie. 
 Well, thanks so much for getting in touch. 
 And just so I can be absolutely clear, as well as Jimmy, I think you said you knew Vincent Erskine as well. 
 Vince? Yeah. And Beth, his girlfriend. 
 You knew Elizabeth? 
 'I did, aye.' 
 OK, Mackie, could I come talk to you, please? 
 Er, soon as possible would be good. 
 I mean, do you think it was just a one-off or...? 
 I don't know. We didn't get that far. 
 But if he could've done it once, got away with it... why shouldn't there have been others? 
 Mum, I'm so sorry. 
 I am, too. 
 For you both. 
 I mean, I suppose all you can say is... it was 40 years ago and... 
 And what? 
 What, you think that makes it better? 
 Jesus, it makes it worse! Ellie, it's our whole lives. 
 Our whole relationship with him feels like a lie. 
 Does it? 
 Look, he's... He's still our dad. 
 I mean, clearly he made a terrible mistake but -- 
 But... But what? I can't believe you're defending him. 
 I'm not defending what he did. I'm... I'm trying to find a way through this. 
 He had s*x with a child, for God's sake! 
 Caz, she wasn't a child. She was 17. 
 If he'd have been caught today, he would go to prison. 
 Do you not get that? 
 Of course I get that, but I... 
 But what? 
 What, they were different times? 
 Bollocks. 
 She was a kid. She was one of his congregation. 
 He was in a position of power and he abused it. 
 I'm sorry if you think I'm overreacting. 
 But I am scared. 
 It makes me ask... what sort of man is he really? 
 Why are the police asking him about this boy that was found? 
 It makes me ask what else he could've done. 
 Mackie : It was only her that stayed at the hostel. 
 Jake : Elizabeth? 
 Erskine wasn't allowed to stay cos he always got into fights. 
 Right. 
 Anyway, I got talking to him in the garden one day, cos at that time I was still using. 
 I let him spout his racist rubbish for a bit. 
 Until he started talking about this black lad he reckoned had some money on him. 
 And he wanted to know whether I fancied helping him rob the lad that night in his room. 
 And was this just him, or was Beth there too? 
 Well... She was there, like, you know, in the background, but er... not actually part of the conversation. 
 And so what did you say? 
 Well... I didn't say much, because I didn't want him to know that er... that Jimmy was actually a good friend of mine. 
 You know, and obviously I was gonna warn him. 
 And did you warn him? 
 I went to look for him but er... 
 Somebody offered me some gear. 
 By the time I was straight again it was two days later. 
 And sir, did you find out if he'd been robbed? 
 No, I didn't. 
 In fact, I... I never saw Jimmy again. 
 Looks just like one of our lads. 
 Don't he? 
 I remember when erm... you first suggested that we should start up the er, football squad. 
 It wasn't long after Michael had died, and I always thought that it was er, your way of finding some meaning... out of HIS death. 
 If you think I killed this boy, Ray... just say it. 
 How can I know, Lizzie? 
 How could I have any idea of what you were capable of? 
 Back then. 
 Maureen : We stopped at the services for some supper, which was very nice, and then got back here about 11:00. 
 Cassie : 'And what have you got on today?' 
 Oh, Thursday's lunch club, every week. 
 Lunch club? Why wasn't I invited? 
 Well, I'll put you down for next week so. 
 'Yeah. Yeah, I'll be there.' 
 Ah, they're a good gang. 
 'I was telling them about you, you know, and... about Jimmy coming home and er, they were very happy for me.' 
 He rang her from the callbox. 
 Jo-Jo. Her name's Joanna Bridges. 
 We found Jo-Jo. 
 Tell me how you met Jimmy Sullivan. 
 I met Jimmy through the church. 
 Went out with him for... maybe six months. 
 Oh, this was before or after your relationship with Father Robert? 
 After. 
 So when was your relationship with Father Robert? 
 Late 1975, as I remember. 
 How late? 
 Just before Christmas. November, I think. 
 I mean, it was just a few weeks. 
 So Father Robert said to us that he thought you were erm... 
 19 or 20 when he met you. 
 And so we checked your date of birth before we came here today. 
 And actually, if your affair was in November '75... actually, that would've made you 15. 
 When the 28-year-old priest had s*x with you. 
 You weren't 16 till February 1976. 
 Maybe it was Jimmy first and then Robert. 
 Except we have a diary, given to Jimmy... by you. 
 Erm, in which it says 'With much love, Jo-Jo.' 
 In December '75. 
 Which suggests that either you did... have underage s*x with a priest... or at some point after your birthday... you were seeing both men, It was half a lifetime ago. 
 What the hell does it matter? 
 It matters because we think that Jimmy found out about Robert Greaves and confronted him. 
 And that altercation may have resulted in Jimmy's death. 
 And what proof have you got of that? 
 And how credible do you think he is as a witness? 
 Jake : 'Very.' 
 This guy knew other stuff I thought only we knew. 
 Sunny : 'What other stuff?' 
 The £50 we think Jimmy borrowed from Frank Cross, he knew all about that. 
 'And, more importantly, he knew what it was for.' 
 Which was? 
 'To pay for an abortion.' 
 Jimmy told Alan Mackay that his girlfriend had fallen pregnant. 
 And Jimmy was the father? 
 Why else would he pay for it? 
 Cos she said he was. 
 I'll ask my man exactly what Jimmy told him. 
 OK. It's lots to think about. 
 Let's bring Elizabeth Wilton in ASAP. 
 Excellent work, Jake. Murray, any joy with Tommy Pinion? 
 He said that he'd never seen Cross put a nail through anyone's hand but heard from others that he had. 
 'Well, Dr Rawlins is pretty convinced that's what it is, so... somebody did it. We keep the pressure on Cross.' 
 (HANGS UP) 
 Yes, it's me. 
 Why did Fenwick send those to you? 
 Well, I'm guessing he's already contacted Dad and Dad isn't playing ball. 
 Well... the man in those pictures is white. 
 That lad in the papers was black. 
 He's still nailing his hand to a workbench, Mum. 
 I'm just saying. 
 There's nothing in these to suggest he had anything to do with killing that lad. 
 Fine. But trust me, he doesn't want the police to see these. 
 I should also say that the images obviously depict a crime scene, which, as of now, I've failed to act upon. 
 So if Fenwick doesn't get what he wants, and he shows his email to me to the police, we're BOTH screwed. 
 I'll pay him off. I have before. 
 Fenwick? 
 Yes. 
 How many times? 
 A few. 
 
 
 
 (KNOCKING) 
 It's the police. 
 (CHATTER) 
 Hey, Mum. 
 Hello, my lovely son. How completely gorgeous to see you. 
 Tell me you're staying for months. 
 Have you any actual proof -- other than Pinion's fantasies -- that I did anything like this, to Jimmy Sullivan? 
 We have a wound on Jimmy's hand that's entirely consistent with such an assault. 
 But nothing connecting that to me? 
 Not yet. 
 But I sense we're getting closer. Don't you? 
 So we'll probably go to Faliraki now. 
 Nige's brother's got a bar there and he said me and Belter can have a room for three nights a week bar work. 
 Mind you, that's if Belter sorts out his teeth. 
 His girlfriend smacked him with a table tennis bat cos he joked about her art. 
 (CHUCKLES) 
 What? 
 Keep going. 
 Why are you smiling like that? 
 Because I love you. 
 Just keep talking. Just keep telling me stuff. 
 Well, anyway, he's gotta have two implants now, and Nige says he should to go India. 
 His dad got eight new teeth in Delhi for less than a grand. 
 His mouth doesn't shut properly but his missus says keeping his mouth shut was never a core skill anyway, so... 
 "Plus ca change," as Proust would say. 
 Do you want fried bread with this? 
 Yo, Curtis, fam. 
 Call me. 
 (GULLS SQUAWKING) 
 Dad? 
 Up here. 
 (SIGHS) 
 I don't know what to say. 
 I'd hoped that Mum didn't feel that she had to tell you now. 
 She told us cos of the wedding. 
 Oh, no, sweetheart, please, surely this doesn't affect the wedding? 
 It's a celebration of the sanctity of marriage. 
 Conducted by you. 
 It was a terrible thing to do. 
 I completely accept that, but it was... one mistake, 40 years ago. 
 In an otherwise very, very happy marriage. 
 One mistake. 
 And was it? Really? 
 Well, yes, of course. 
 There was no-one else. 
 I don't mean other women, I mean... 
 Th... 
 This police investigation. 
 Oh, my darling, no, no, please. 
 Please. Don't ask me if I killed that poor boy. 
 Please. 
 Don't make me answer that. 
 Please. 
 Beth : Yes. 
 We robbed him. 
 Cassie : Of his £50? 
 Yes. 
 So everything that you told us before... that you have no recollection of ever having met him... that was a lie? 
 Yes. 
 (CASSIE WRITES) 
 I wished I could forget him. 
 Every single day of my life. 
 So can you tell me how Jimmy died? 
 I wouldn't for one second expect you to believe me... but no. 
 When I left the room with the money... 
 Jimmy was fine. 
 Erskine was still in there? 
 Yes. 
 And did erm, he have any weapon with him? 
 Not that I recall. 
 OK. 
 So where did you go? 
 Outside, to wait for him. 
 And how long did he take to come down? 
 Not long. Maybe... 
 30 seconds behind me. 
 Right. 
 And what did he say? 
 When he came down. 
 He was laughing. 
 Said Jimmy was a "feisty little b*st*rd". 
 Did he have any blood on him? 
 I don't think so. 
 He might've done. I... was very drunk, so certain details... 
 You... obviously thought so little of this young man that you were able to rob him in his bed. 
 Yet your name and number were written down by him in his diary. 
 How did that happen? 
 When I first met Jimmy, it was during a period when I tried to split up with Erskine. 
 Only lasted a few weeks before he got me back, but in that time... I stopped drinking, I got clean. 
 And Jimmy and I got to know each other a bit. 
 And I gave him my number... cos I hoped... 
 (SNIFFS) 
 .. just like... in the few weeks when I'd been straight... that he'd carry on helping teach me to read and write. 
 Hm. 
 Did you expect that? 
 Guv? It might be nothing, but... 
 I was just checking out the pub where Eric Slater and Paul West were arrested -- the assault? 
 Yeah. 
 Don't know if it's significant but... it's a gay pub. It has been since, well... since the '60s. 
 So if we forget him committing the slightly illegal offence of threatening to kill Fenwick -- 
 He never said that, Bella. 
 Maybe the only other serious option is for him to go to the police himself with the photos. 
 If the police see those photos, it's not gonna be good for him. 
 Probably not, no. 
 So what's the minimum term for murder? 
 A mandatory life sentence. 
 In a case like this, he'd serve at least 15 years. 
 So he'd not get out until he was in his 80s? 
 If in fact he... 
 In fact, he might not even make it that far. 
 It would effectively widow Mum. 
 Except, what if he did it? 
 Because to me, never mind that it was 40 years ago, or who or what he is now, or that he's our dad, if he did it... he has to be punished. 
 Doesn't he? 
 All right? 
 30. 
 (TILL BLEEPING AND OPENING) 
 (RATTLE OF COINS) 
 Thanks. 
 (CHATTER) 
 Curtis? Curtis? 
 Where you going, mate? 
 Home. 
 Really? I thought you were smarter than that. 
 Actually missing an exam? 
 So you're gonna throw away three years of hard work, are you? 
 Just like that? 
 If you think it'll really piss her off, yeah. 
 Sorry, are you talking about the woman who took you into our house? 
 Fed you. Treated you like her son. 
 I've already got one fucked-up mum! I don't need another. 
 You little sh1t! 
 Curtis? 
 I'm sorry, Curtis. I... 
 I'm sorry. 
 Elizabeth Wilton, you've been charged with assault and the intent to rob, under Section Eight of the Theft Act 1968. 
 You do not have to say anything but it may harm your defence if you do not mention now anything you later rely on in court. 
 Anything you do say may be given in evidence. 
 Do you understand the charge? 
 Yes. (SIGHS) I remember the assault. 
 He was devastated by it. 
 But it was an assault, not a fight, yeah? 
 Eric Slater attacked your brother? 
 Yes. 
 Will you tell me why? 
 Because of where he was drinking. 
 Because of what he was. 
 He was gay? 
 Yes. 
 Do you know why he didn't turn up at court? 
 Because if it had come out... 
 (CHUCKLES) 
 The idea that being gay was such a shameful thing... 
 I'm not sure many people understand that now but... he'd have lost his job. 
 Most people thought that what he was was disgusting, and let me tell you, he was convinced... that if that police officer hadn't been passing... Eric Slater would've beaten him to death. 
 So Eric Slater... violently assaults a gay man... a year or so before Jimmy was killed. 
 According to her. 
 Yes, according to her. 
 Cos there's nothing -- absolutely nothing -- that we've learnt about Jimmy that suggests he was gay. 
 Now, if we're saying that his murder was some sort of homophobia-motivated thing... 
 (SIGHS) 
 Look, you'd better call the girls. 
 (STARTS ENGINE) 
 We need to talk to Slater again. 
 (THUMPING MUSIC) 
 Forget her, man. 
 I mean, what does she think you are? 
 Some sorta tame little coconut? 
 That... ain't you, fam. 
 It's what she wants you to be. 
 You should chuck it out, man. 
 I ain't no coconut, man. 
 (SCREAMS) 
 Les : Thanks, mate. 
 Man : Cheers. 
 Mr Slater? Sorry to disturb you. You're obviously busy. 
 Is your father around? Just need to have another quick chat. 
 Like a bad penny, you lot. 
 (ERIC TALKING IN ADJACENT ROOM) 
 I don't care what he told his sister. That's not what happened. 
 Right, so this wasn't an unprovoked attack? 
 Yeah, it's what I said it was. 
 So... you've never had any problems with gay men? 
 No. 
 His sister told us that you were waiting for him outside. 
 No, I was drinking IN the pub. 
 You knew it was a gay bar? 
 No idea. 
 Right, so you didn't notice that it was an entirely male clientele when you went in? 
 I've absolutely no idea if I did or I didn't. 
 This was the '70s. Most pubs were pretty exclusively full of men. 
 Why do you think he told his sister that you were outside? 
 I don't know. You know, as I say... he was fairly drunk as well. Maybe he just got it wrong, or she's mistaking this fight for another, or she's remembered it wrongly. I don't know. 
 Think back 40 years, think of something significant that happened to you. 
 How much detail can you remember now? 
 It... It-It's a lifetime ago. 
 She's remembered it wrong. 
 Did you ever wonder whether Jimmy Sullivan was gay? 
 Wh... 
 Jimmy? Wh-Why would I have thought that? 
 The last time you were here, we were talking about his girlfriend. 
 We didn't mention his girlfriend. 
 Nor did you. 
 Jo-Jo. We talked about her. 
 Only in connection with Robert Greaves. 
 Yeah. 
 (STUTTERING) Yeah, well, I assumed you already knew that she and Jimmy had had a thing. 
 Why would you have assumed that? 
 Why would you have not mentioned what was clearly a very important piece of information? 
 Unless you were trying to steer our focus towards Robert Greaves. 
 I don't know. 
 I'm sorry. I'm old. Like I said, this is all ancient history. 
 I forget stuff. But er... please, trust me... you're way... way off being here. 
 So? What do you think? 
 I believed him. 
 Yeah, me too. 
 This case is like trying to... grab hold of fog. 
 I don't know, maybe you were right. Maybe it is all just too long ago. 
 No -- 
 Cos this feels slightly insane. 
 Trying to find some sort of truth in that? 
 In people's utterly f*cked memories. 
 We'll get there, guv. 
 (THUNDER) 
 Dad? 
 All right? 
 Yeah, fine. Y-You OK? 
 Yeah. Fine. (CHUCKLES) 
 Come on, then, dopey. Let's get this party started. 
 I know it's only small, but... 
 Oh, it's lovely. Thank you. 
 Just what I need. 
 I just... Erm... You absolutely don't need to tell me anything, anything at all, but I just... 
 I want you to know that if you did want someone to talk to... 
 Thank you. 
 I might just take you up on that some time. 
 Well... I'll let you get settled in. 
 Oh erm, there's one bit of good news. 
 The police have found some CCTV footage of someone entering the community hall at the time of the burglary. 
 They reckon they've got a pretty good screen grab of his face. 
 They've asked me to go down there tomorrow, see if I recognise him from the estate. 
 Which is good, isn't it? 
 Yes. Yes. 
 (LIVELY CHATTER) 
 Eric : It's Andy! 
 Let me introduce you to Gary Stevens. 
 Gary was my boss at Andersons. 
 He was the only man in the whole building who had two secretaries. 
 One for each knee. (LAUGHTER) 
 Get yourselves a drink, won't you? 
 How are you both keeping? 
 Are you well? 
 Nice to see you... 
 (DIN OF CHATTER CONTINUES) 
 How about a rose, Mum? Hmm? 
 Half a glass won't do you no harm. 
 Why are we celebrating? 
 It's your... It's your 45th wedding anniversary, Mum. 
 No, I know that. But why are we celebrating? 
 (THUNDER) 
 In conclusion, let me just say that... that a marriage, it's a bit like a house. 
 You don't just build it and let it look after itself. 
 It needs constant maintenance. 
 (CHUCKLING) 
 Doesn't it, sweetheart? 
 And yes, maybe her plumbing's not all it once was... (LAUGHTER) .. and my guttering, that could do with a good jet-hose. 
 But the foundations are rock-solid. 
 So if you will, raise your glasses to my beloved and I. 
 Here's to another 45 years! 
 (CHEERING) 
 Man : 45 years! 
 Woman : Cheers! 
 All singing : ♪ Congratulations ♪ 
♪ And celebrations ♪ 
♪ When I tell everyone that you're in love with me ♪ 
♪ Congratulations ♪ 
♪ And jubilations ♪ 
♪ I want the world to know I'm happy as can be... ♪ 
 (MUSIC CONTINUES) 
 Woman : How are you feeling? 
 (LAUGHTER AND CHATTER) 
 Mum! 
 (THUNDER) 
 Mum! 
 Mum... 
 Maybe felt I'd... I'd already put so much in to our new life here, with you boys and finding this lovely house and making all our new friends. 
 I didn't want to give it all up. 
 Mum. I don't know what you're talking about. 
 Let's get you in... 
 Then he had his accident, so he wouldn't have been able to hurt anyone anymore anyway. 
 What... Sorry? 
 I think I just tried to bury it all, Les. 
 What did you say? You said "hurt anyone". 
 What do you mean? 
 And now with my head the way it is and the police asking all these questions, it's starting to swirl around in my head. 
 And the problem is, Les, I... 
 I've absolutely no idea what's real and what isn't. 
 Lizzie! 
 Shirley : Yeah, there was stuff he did back then. 
 Rumours I'd hear, just stuff we never talked about. 
 (BREATH QUIVERING) 
 Belle, I don't know what to do if the police start asking me questions. 
 (CRYING) What do I say? 
 Hungry? 
 Sunny : Yeah. 
 Jake : 'See you when I get back.' 
 OK. 
 'I haven't spoken to the guv yet.' 
 'Do you know when she'll be back?' 
 She's with me now. 
 'OK.' 
 Yeah. 
 'See you later.' 
 OK, cheers. 
 Call just came into the CID office. 
 Looks like we've got another victim. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 