Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x00 - What Is Ascension? - Ascension 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x00 - What Is Ascension? https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=87&t=15043 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/15/14 14:31 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x00 - What Is Ascension? 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 You hear of Project Ascension? 
 For the eyes of the world now look into space. 
 In the sixties, your father was convinced that the US could launch an interstellar space ship. 
 I think he did it. 
 Ascension is about a space program that was launched in 1963. Totally top-secret project, nobody knew about it. 
 President Kennedy, and a man name Abraham Enzmann were concerned about the Cold War, so, they sent the best and the brightest into space for a hundred years journey to Proxima. 
 The show picks up fifty years into the journey. 
 It's kinda like a traveling time capsule where they're still playing records, and the film that they've seen are only up to 1963, and had no contact with Earth. 
 And a lot of people on the ship were born on the ship, but they don't know anything else. 
 Our grandparents screwed us. 
 They sent us to ensure life would go on no matter what. 
 They sent us out here to die. 
 We have a ship the size of the Empire State Building so, you've got people up on top smoking cigars and living the life, and those of us who make the ship go, and make the ship actually work and stay in space. 
 I don't think we get very much respect. 
 Lorelei? 
 There's a murder that happens, that stirs things up. 
 The first murder ever committed on Ascension. 
 It's very unsettling for the crew. This is Captain Denninger. 
 It pains me to report this, but we lost one of our own in a tragic accident last night. 
 This murder has... put everything in a great sense of upheaval. 
 Everything that I have worked for has come undone in one moment! 
 The crew members question the entire purpose of this mission. 
 This isn't about some... dead girl. 
 This is about the captain denying... 
 *** 
 There's some dissension on Ascension. 
 Some people want to turn the ship around and head back to Earth. 
 Who are they? 
 We believe the saboteurs have their roots below decks. 
 Others want to continue forward on this journey. 
 We are doing the right thing, aren't we? 
 Pushing on, no matter what. 
 Of course, we are. 
 We're heroes. 
 While all of that is going on on the ship, on Earth, my character Harris Enzmann, is the son of the creator of this project. 
 He's approached by an academic, to reveal the truth of Ascension. 
 If this is real, the world should know. 
 Do you really think that they could do something like this and no one would know? 
 Harris reveals himself as if he is unaware of what's going on. But what you begin to find out is that he is the guardian of the biggest secret on Earth. 
 Ascension is set apart from other sci-fi shows in that it's really grounded in the humanity of it all. 
 Ascension is a true old-school sci-fi show. 
 This is science fiction. 
 It's got real social questions about morality, and all the issues of the day being examined on a spaceship. 
 There's a lot of truth to it, and I hope the audience there drowns into it with that knowledge that, maybe this could have happened. 
 And you have to watch the ship. It's definitely unique. Never seen anything like it. 
 The Ascension's assumptions. You have no idea. 
 Talk to me again after you've seen the 6 episodes. 
 And tell me how wrong you were. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 