Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x01 - Percussions - Good Trouble 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x01 - Percussions https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=871&t=34466 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/02/19 06:59 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x01 - Percussions 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 MARIANA: So, who are you gonna choose? 
  JOSH: I'm sure by now you're all aware that someone posted a list of Speckulate employee salaries. 
  I did it. 
  I hacked into HR and I posted the salaries online. 
  I did it. 
  - I did it. 
  - I did it. 
  MARIANA: I know we're colleagues, but do you mind if I kiss you? 
  You know, maybe I'll develop my app on my own. 
  If you choose to leave, you can't take your app with you. 
  WALKER: Is there anything in your personnel file - that you wouldn't want this jury to know about? 
  - Objection. 
  The personnel file of Officer Griffin is not in evidence, you rule to keep it under seal. 
  CALLIE: Can't leak those files to Jamal's attorney. 
  Do not do something impulsive. 
  I haven't felt this way about anybody in a long time. 
  I should have fought for you. 
  By the way, I'm not moving back to Wisconsin. 
  I flew back because I wanted to tell you in person. 
  I left Lily. 
  DENNIS: The truth is I wish I was the one who died that day, not Jacob. 
  Who's Jacob? 
  - Our son. 
  - DAVIA: Hello? 
  DENNIS: I drove out to this cliff by the beach. 
  I was gonna drive off. 
  One of the voices that I kept hearing in my head is yours. 
  (DRUM BEATS) 
  (FEEDBACK WHINES) 
  - (DRUM BEATS CONTINUING) 
  - (DISTANT SIRENS WAILING) 
  (TEXT TONES CHIMING) 
  (DRUM BEATS FASTER) 
  (DRUM BEATS) 
  (PHONE VIBRATES) 
  (DRUM BEATING QUICKLY) 
  (RAPID DRUM BEATS CONTINUING) 
  - MARSHAL: Federal Marshals. 
  - (DRUM BEATS FADE) 
  Are you Callie Adams Foster? 
  - Yes. 
  - Will you come with us please? 
  Pa-pa-pa Pa-pa-pa, pa, pa Pa-pa-pa pa-pa-pa, pa, pa And then we'll find our peace of mind You and me, bel ami Pa-pa-pa, pa, pa Good Trouble 1x01 Percussions Kate had a family emergency, had to travel back to Florida. 
  I'd be happy to step up in her place, Your Honor. 
  That won't be necessary. 
  Jamal Thompson trial will be in recess while I consider whether or not to allow Officer Griffin's personnel files in. 
  - But you already ruled, Your Honor. 
  - That was on discovery. 
  Correct. 
  This is evidentiary. 
  Well, if they were ill-gotten, that would disqualify them. 
  Well, the plaintiff claims that the files were sent anonymously, which does not meet the definition of ill-gotten. 
  You could exclude the records based on failure to properly authenticate them, under Federal Rule of Evidence 901. 
  Thank you, Ben. 
  I will consider the obvious. 
  That's all. 
  Callie, may I have a word? 
  Close the door please. 
  (TEXT TONES CHIMING) 
  - Love, faith -  
  - Like a wave -  
  - Changing season  
  - Pull on my sleeves and  
  - I got my bourbon  
  - I won't be hurting  
  - I heard you howling in every room  
  - ACTOR (ON COMPUTER): I am Spartacus. 
  So they're all named Spartacus? 
  No. 
  They're all saying they're Spartacus  
  - to cover for the real Spartacus. 
  - Oh. 
  So everyone told us that they released the salaries because  
  - that's all I got. 
  - Because Mariana did it. 
  - What? 
  - Just talking about your app. 
  Have you picked you team yet? 
  Yeah, I heard there was, uh, office space downstairs. 
  Marketing Department, bottom floor. 
  - ALEX: Gonna miss you up here. 
  - SAM: Yeah. 
  - I am Raj. 
  - I am Raj. 
  RAJ: I am Raj. 
  SAM: I don't think he gets it. 
  So, you think Wilson suspects you of taking the files from his office and giving them to Malika? 
  I don't know. 
  The young woman who sits with Jamal's mother in court, is she the person you disclosed, who lives in your building? 
  Yes, why? 
  Just curious. 
  CALLIE: That's all he asked. 
  Uh, I'm not sure I want to know the answer to this. 
  Did you take the files? 
  No. 
  No, I didn't take them from Wilson's office, but I did receive them, anonymously. 
  Someone had them messengered to me at The Coterie. 
  I have no idea who. 
  But in them, Griffin confirmed that he was present when the former police chief, Robert Kelley, said it's better for the department to let victims of police shootings die. 
  You should have told Wilson. 
  You should have given them to him, immediately. 
  - No one knows I have them. 
  - The person who sent them to you does. 
  They can't prove that I got them, or that I read them. 
  Callie! 
  Don't be so naive! 
  If Wilson finds out you had those files before the plaintiff's attorney presented them in court you're going to be the prime suspect. 
  You could face criminal charges. 
  Not to mention, the bar could refuse to ever give you a license to practice law. 
  The jury needs to hear what's in those files. 
  It's not fair. 
  Throwing your career under the bus isn't going to change anything. 
  Reckless behavior, as, as righteous as you think it may be, has real consequences. 
  This could follow you for your entire life. 
  I mean, don't you get that? 
  I mean, what am I going to do with you? 
  Oh, you don't need to do anything with me. 
  Yeah, maybe I'm too naive and reckless for you to be bothered with. 
  (DRUM BEATS) 
  (BEEPS) 
  Where have you been? 
  Doctor's appointment. 
  So, Wilson had me write a bench memo arguing against allowing the personnel records in as evidence. 
  I knocked it out of the park, if I do say so myself. 
  - He let you read them? 
  - No. 
  Don't you think that's unusual? 
  To ask you to defend a position on a document you haven't read? 
  I really don't care. 
  Do you care about anything, Ben? 
  Except for career advancement? 
  You know, my father took a job as a janitor in one of the best college prep-schools in the country, so he could get a discount on the tuition for me to go there. 
  My mother worked seven days a week waiting tables. 
  If I get to be a Supreme Court clerk, I'll get a 300K signing bonus at any law firm of my choosing. 
  I'm going to use that money to buy my parents a house. 
  So career advancement, sure. 
  But what motivates me most, is taking care of the two people who made all this possible for me. 
  You know, Callie, you could have gone straight to work at a non-profit, but don't kid yourself. 
  You applied for this clerkship for the same reason we all did. 
  It's an elite path to success, and you know it. 
  Good night. 
  Yes? 
  I'd like to offer precedent that would allow you to let the personnel files in. 
  I think that these records are extremely relevant to the plaintiff's Monell claim that the city had an informal policy to let suspects die instead of giving them critical care. 
  How do you know what's inside the files? 
  The Supreme Court held in Connick v. 
  Thompson that plaintiffs could prove deliberate indifference You didn't answer my question. 
  Did you take the files from this office? 
  No, sir. 
  They were sent to me anonymously. 
  Why would someone send you the files? 
  I don't know why. 
  But I didn't show them to anyone. 
  - I give you my word on that. 
  - The Monell claim doesn't apply. 
  There's no evidence that this was an actual police policy. 
  - It's a comment made by one man. 
  - The police chief. 
  This is smoking-gun evidence of notice by the policymaker himself. 
  You're stretching the precedent to provide the outcome you want, not the law supporting it. 
  With all due respect, Your Honor, you may think you're not an activist judge, but you have consistently protected the police as an institution regardless of the actions of individual officers. 
  There is no such thing as an impartial judge on the left or the right. 
  You choose conservative precedents, not because you have to, because you want to. 
  Is that all? 
  Yes, sir. 
  We'll discuss what to do about your failure to disclose that you were in possession of sealed documents tomorrow. 
  (DRUM BEATING) 
  (DRUM STOPS) 
  Um, hi, I'm Alice Kwan, and I'm new to stand-up. 
  I mean, why do they even call it stand-up? 
  You know, 'cause the first guy who did it decided to stand and not sit? 
  I mean, what if he'd sat? 
  You know, would it be called sit-down? 
  I'm going to do some sit-down tonight. 
  (CHUCKLES) 
  (AUDIENCE MEMBER LAUGHS) 
  So, I recently came out to my parents. 
  My brain's electric, eccentric, unstoppable We read that gay people like rainbows. 
  Oh, yeah, they We do. 
  Thanks. 
  But you're not going to cut your hair short, are you? 
  Your hair is so pretty, and you will still wear dresses? 
  Sure, yeah. 
  Of course, no one in the family can know. 
  So, they're fine with me being gay, as long as I'm not "too gay", or or out. 
  So, two steps out of the closet, one step back in. 
  Kind of caught in the door jamb. 
  Help! 
  (CLEARS THROAT, GULPS) 
  That was amazing. 
  It was? 
  I mean, it was for me. 
  For sure. 
  It's just, you know, sometimes the first time with someone can be not as good as the second time. 
  The second time was just as amazing as the first time. 
  Wait till the third time. 
  That's when I really pull out all the tricks. 
  Oh, he has tricks. 
  Come on, the Kamasutra came from India. 
  Ooh, maybe we should make a Kamasutra app. 
  I'd love to see you pitch that to Evan. 
  Actually, I would not like that. 
  Don't worry, I talked to Angela. 
  Evan didn't come on to Amanda. 
  She quit because she got a better offer somewhere else. 
  It's not him I need to worry about, it's the sexist nerds that work for him. 
  Not including you, by the way. 
  You know, in fact, I was kind of hoping that, maybe, you'd want to join my team. 
  Really? 
  So what's the plan now? 
  You know, they have grief support groups. 
  I know what I need to do. 
  I just I never really dealt with it, you know? 
  I'm going to be fine. 
  I really don't want anybody to know about Jacob, or that I was in the hospital. 
  - Okay? 
  - Yeah. 
  Of course. 
  But you do need someone to talk to. 
  I have someone to talk to. 
  I have you. 
  So, um, I do think that it's important to kind of, you know, keep this on the D. 
  L. 
  Just for optics and all. 
  Got it. 
  Uh, can I use the bathroom? 
  Yeah, go for it. 
  Uh, yeah, it's just right through there, right? 
  Oh, uh, um What I The, the, the bathroom's just d-down the hall. 
  - Down the hall. 
  Cool. 
  I should, um - Yeah, just over there. 
  I am so sorry that I looked at your pen1s Jamie! 
  Hi. 
  Hey. 
  There were girls in the bathroom, so I didn't want You, you two know each other, right? 
  Yes. 
  Yes, we do. 
  - From, uh, Davia's birthday. 
  - Right. 
  Yeah. 
  - How you doing? 
  - Great. 
  Good. 
  I'm sorry, I was just, uh Oh, it's fine. 
  I actually have to go anyway. 
  So, um, I'll text you later. 
  Great. 
  Didn't mean to barge in. 
  The door was open. 
  - No worries. 
  - Uh, is Callie around? 
  Uh, if she's not in the lounge, I would try the roof? 
  Will do. 
  - It's over there. 
  - That's right. 
  Thank you. 
  (CARS HONKING) 
  Hey. 
  Hey. 
  How are you? 
  Uh, you know, okay for an amateur artist whose work is unprovocative and passÃ©. 
  You didn't see the review of the show in The Times? 
  Whoever wrote that is an idiot. 
  Or maybe the person who bought a piece from me is. 
  He's not. 
  - He? 
  - Or she. 
  I've never had that much fun making anything. 
  Well, don't be discouraged. 
  You're a brilliant artist. 
  I believe in you. 
  You okay? 
  You want to talk about it? 
  No. 
  No, I don't want to talk or think about anything right now. 
  CALLIE: Jamie? 
  I'm sorry. 
  Me too. 
  Sorry. 
  I'm sorry. 
  Look, you know I want you, but I don't want to be this drug that numbs you out. 
  Someone that you just want to get lost in. 
  Look, when, and if this is real, let me know. 
  But please don't use me because you don't want to deal with whatever it is that's bothering you. 
  It's not fair, Callie. 
  JAMIE: I know how hard it was for you not to slip those personnel records to Jamal's lawyers, and you deserve a lot of credit for that, and I admire you so much for wanting to fight for social justice and change what is wrong with the system. 
  And I, uh I realize I came across as patronizing. 
  I'm sorry. 
  I just want to protect you. 
  Because I, uh I love you. 
  And please destroy Griffin's personnel records and never tell anyone you had them. 
  Especially, Judge Wilson. 
  - (GIGGLING) 
  Yes. 
  - - (ALL LAUGHING) 
  - Sorry, Alice. 
  Aw, poor, Alice. 
  Why, "poor Alice"? 
  Oh, nothing. 
  What, you don't like it? 
  I do. 
  I just had a late lunch. 
  I'll finish it later, I promise. 
  Have you spoken to your ex? 
  - Have you spoken to yours? 
  - No. 
  But I didn't leave him a suicidal message on his voice mail. 
  I let her know I'm all right. 
  She played the message for me. 
  What did you mean when you said you wanted her to have everything? 
  Everything a happy life has to offer. 
  Are you still in love with her? 
  - Are you still in love with Jeff? 
  - No. 
  - And stop doing that! 
  - What? 
  Deflecting. 
  Did something happen that made you suddenly want to kill yourself? 
  No. 
  It wasn't that sudden. 
  So, it's over with Jeff? 
  Yes. 
  Will you promise me that if you ever feel suicidal again, that you you'll just come to me? 
  Please, at any time, day or night. 
  Just tell me before you do anything? 
  I promise. 
  Do it. 
  It's very serious. 
  (SIGHS) 
  (DRUM BEATING) 
  So, um, in certain communities, any behavior considered to be not conforming with a group value is frowned upon. 
  - (TEXT TONE CHIMES) 
  - ALICE: Like, gayness for example, and not just the gay person gets judged, everyone in their family does, too. 
  So, as to not bring shame on to my fifth cousin, Alfred, uh, I can be gay, just in private. 
  And that's kind of the biggest problem, 'cause I sort of promised someone that I'd be out and proud. 
  Hey, so I have to tell you something. 
  I'm gay. 
  Lesbian. 
  Into the ladies. 
  What? 
  Just kidding, I know. 
  I've had a feeling for a while. 
  - Did we come out to our parents? 
  - Yes, we did. 
  And they also already knew. 
  So, now that we all know. 
  I accept us and love us very much. 
  Thank you. 
  - Let's tell the world! 
  - Let's do it! 
  - I'm gay! 
  - Hi! 
  Hi there. 
  Hi there. 
  Uh, I'm, I'm gay! 
  I'm gay! 
  I'm out and I'm proud. 
  I, I just wanted the world to know! 
  So, there's this girl named Joey, oh, I like her a lot, and now that I'm out and proud, I'm hoping she'll give me another chance. 
  Joey, don't let a good thing go. 
  I'm a, I'm a good thing! 
  Joey, she's adorable, please give her another chance. 
  (SPEAKING MANDARIN) 
  - (CHUCKLING) 
  - ALICE: So, there you have it. 
  Uh, I'm out to my parents. 
  Out to myself. 
  Out to a number of random people on the street. 
  And everyone agrees that you should give me a third chance. 
  Hope to hear from you soon. 
  (GIGGLING) 
  RAJ: Hey. 
  Hey, Hot Raj. 
  I remember these. 
  We used to play with them all the time. 
  Got them at museums when I was a kid. 
  Uh, great s*x yesterday. 
  Yeah. 
  Hey, Raj! 
  When you're done playing with that phallus, we've got a scrum. 
  - Come on. 
  - Come on, boy. 
  Come on! 
  See ya. 
  EVAN: Hello. 
  I just wanted to say I'm so pleased you're staying, and I'm very enthusiastic about your app. 
  And I want you to know that now that Josh is gone, you can, you can bring any issues to my attention. 
  Um thank you, but you know, I don't want to be known as the Complainer in Chief. 
  Maybe you should make yourself accessible to all of your employees and their issues. 
  Good idea. 
  Oh, I remember these. 
  Never could get the hang of that. 
  JUDGE WILSON: Ms. 
  Walker, I'm admonishing you for attempting to blindside the defense with your line of questioning before we recessed. 
  I find no legal precedent that compels the court to allow this new evidence in. 
  However, I find no precedent that clearly precludes it. 
  Therefore, you may enter Officer Griffin's personnel files into the record. 
  Were you present when Chief Robert Kelly told a group of officers that it's better for the department to let victims of police shootings die? 
  Yes. 
  Did you take his comments as an order? 
  - No, I did not. 
  - Where do you get your authority from, - as a police officer? 
  - From our superiors. 
  - Like the chief of police? 
  - I guess. 
  Did you think Chief Kelly was giving you the authority - to let Jamal Thompson die? 
  - GRIFFIN: No, sir. 
  So, if he doesn't care about victims of police brutality, - why should you? 
  - Objection. 
  - Testifying. 
  - Sustained. 
  Did you think you would face any consequences if you failed to provide prompt critical care? 
  We needed to secure the scene before we sent E. M. T. 's in to make sure Mr. 
  Thompson wasn't a threat. 
  You shot him seven times. 
  He collapsed in a pool of his own blood. 
  What possible threat did you perceive? 
  - Objection. 
  Testifying. 
  - Sustained. 
  You're so hot. 
  I love your body. 
  Everything about you. 
  Thank you. 
  (PANTING) 
 
 
 
  (GASPING) 
  Um, um, you're, you're, you're hurting me. 
  Oh, uh, sorry. 
  You know what? 
  Uh, we should, we should just probably get back to work. 
  Whoa, whoa, what's going on? 
  Nothing. 
  You know, it's just I don't know, this was a bad idea. 
  You know, we don't have a lot of time and, and I just, I got to work on my team Am I the first uncircumcised guy you've been with? 
  Okay. 
  Look, I felt bad about the way I looked at it, and, I don't know, I It-it's just because I had never seen one before. 
  Not because I don't like it, which I do very much. 
  But I don't know, I asked my friends what to do. 
  You told your friends? 
  Well, Alice left the conversation early. 
  I guess what my friends told me to do was wrong and I'm sorry. 
  I didn't mean to hurt you. 
  It's okay. 
  Maybe, instead of asking your friends, you should ask me what to do with it. 
  Okay. 
  So what should I do with it? 
  Oh. 
  Thanks for giving me another chance. 
  Your video was adorable. 
  How could I resist? 
  You know, it does feel really good to be out. 
  I know. 
  In fact, there's something I want to talk to you about. 
  I'm thinking of changing my pronouns to "they-them". 
  Uh, I-is this pending, or effective immediately? 
  I have no idea how I'm going to introduce they to my folks. 
  I mean, the positive side, there's no gender pronouns in Mandarin. 
  - But on the negative, Joey doesn't speak Mandarin. 
  - (CLATTERING) 
  Oh. 
  Hey, sorry. 
  I tripped over this paint can over here. 
  Oh. 
  What are you doing down here? 
  This is where I smoke my weed. 
  How long have you been standing there? 
  Uh, somewhere around, "I came out to my parents. 
  " - So, the whole entire time. 
  - Pretty much. 
  I, I was just working on, uh, material for my stand-up. 
  If I even end up doing it, which I'm not sure I will. 
  Yeah. 
  Yeah. 
  But, hey if you do, you should have some actual jokes. 
  Right. 
  See ya. 
  If both sides are ready, we'll hear closing arguments. 
  The Supreme Court has ruled that what matters is whether or not the officers in question had reasonable fear of a threat to their lives, based on their assessment alone. 
  Can you think of any reason that Jamal would suddenly stop running, turn around, and lunge at two police officers with guns drawn, armed only with a cell phone? 
  Based on their experience on the streets, it's not unreasonable to believe Jamal might have been armed. 
  WALKER: Because he was black. 
  Because they embrace racist stereotypes, they assumed he was armed and gunned him down. 
  - When faced with a potential threat - Jamal was no threat. 
  These officers owed it to their wives and children And after they shot him in the back To make sure they came home from work that night. 
  They let him bleed to death, because his life did not matter to them. 
  Officers Griffin and Turani got to go home to their wives and children that night. 
  Jamal will never go home to his mother, Sandra, and his family. 
  He'll never be married, never have a child of his own. 
  Sandra Thompson is no longer a mother. 
  She's lost her only child, and that is not right. 
  This must stop. 
  But they won't stop it. 
  It's up to us. 
  It's up to you. 
  Could I get a flat white? 
  Hey. 
  Have you seen all the fallout from the spreadsheet? 
  It's all over the Internet. 
  No, I've been trying my best to stay off the Internet, actually, with all the bro-holes harassing me. 
  Screw them. 
  We have your back. 
  Totally, and we got you something. 
  Guys! 
  Thank you. 
  But, you know, maybe I'll just use this at home. 
  And look, we know you can't choose all of us for your team. 
  So, don't feel weird about it. 
  We're just so excited for the first all-female team at Speckulate! 
  So, if everyone knows that Mariana released the salaries online, and Speckulate is getting all this crap for it, how is she still here? 
  Why didn't she get fired? 
  Because she's boning the boss. 
  - Oh. 
  - That's not true. 
  Oh, yeah? 
  How would you know? 
  - What, cause she's boning you? 
  - He wishes. 
  - He's so in the friend zone. 
  - You can't believe a girl can be as smart as you, so you have to say she's sleeping with the boss to get ahead. 
  No wonder the women here are angry and frustrated. 
  They have to work with a bunch of misogynistic morons. 
  I bet you can't even spell "misogynistic". 
  Yeah, what is it? 
  Like "mas" M-A-S - "Misogyn "It's like a S-H"? 
  - Hey, Mariana. 
  Can you spell "misogynistic"? 
  - A-L-E-X? 
  - (GIGGLING) 
  SAM: That's pretty good. 
  Hey, good morning, Evan. 
  So, um, I'm taking your advice on being more accessible. 
  I'm moving my offices down here. 
  Uh, Red Team is moving upstairs, so you and your team can have their offices. 
  Oh, n-no. 
  I, I don't, I don't need that much space. 
  I-I'm happy to move down to Marketing. 
  - I heard that they have room. 
  - No. 
  That's not necessary. 
  I want us to be on the same floor. 
  All of us. 
  I have some ideas about your app, if you, have a moment. 
  MARIANA: Sure. 
  (DRUM BEATING) 
  (PHONE VIBRATING) 
  - Hey. 
  - JEFF: Hey. 
  I'm so happy to hear your voice. 
  Everything here is so screwed up. 
  Lily's calling everyone we know and telling them I was having an affair and I'm leaving her. 
  Even my family's pissed at me. 
  This is so hard. 
  - I know. 
  - But it'll all be worth it when you move home and we can finally be together. 
  (SIGHS) 
  I miss you so much. 
  - I love you. 
  - Me too. 
  (DRUM BEAT) 
  (DRUM BEAT) 
  (DRUM BEAT) 
  (DRUM BEAT) 
  (DRUM BEAT) 
  On the first complaint of excessive force in violation of Section 1983, the jury finds the defendant not liable. 
  (MURMURING) 
  On the second complaint, of failure to provide critical care, the jury finds the defendants  
  (DRUM ROLLING) 
  (DRUM ROLL INTENSIFIES) 
  also not liable. 
  (DRUM BEATING) 
  DENNIS: That's not what this is about. 
  - JENNIFER: Then what is it about? 
  - DENNIS: Me. 
  Trying to take care of myself. 
  Trying to stop throwing my life away. 
  You spent our entire marriage taking care of yourself. 
  Jacob had to get cancer for you to pay any attention to him. 
  You were a shitty husband! 
  And a shitty father! 
  (DRUMMING) 
  - JACOB: Daddy? 
  - (DRUMMING STOPS) 
  I can't sleep. 
  Jacob, go back to bed. 
  Will you come lie down with me? 
  I can't. 
  I'm working. 
  Daddy, please? 
  Dammit, Jacob! 
  I said go back to bed! 
  (NO AUDIO) 
  I'm tired of white juries and white judges protecting these officers who kill us. 
  Who shoot us and beat us to death, without fear of consequences. 
  A Supreme Court who uses racism as its justification. 
  If they fear us, if they hate us, then it's okay to kill us. 
  PROTESTERS: Black lives matter! 
  Black lives matter! 
  Black lives matter! 
  Black lives matter! 
  - Black lives matter! 
  - I am not the only mother whose child has been stolen by law enforcement. 
  I stand here today with Geneva Reed-Veal, Gwen Carr, Lesley McSpadden, and all the other grieving mothers fighting for answers and accountability where there is none. 
  PROTESTERS: Black lives matter! 
  Black lives matter! 
  Black lives matter! 
  Black lives matter! 
  - Black lives matter! 
  - Well, they might as well have shot me today. 
  I wish they would have. 
  I wish they would have put me out of this pain and this misery. 
  Officer Lawrence Griffin and Officer Amir Turani murdered my baby. 
  I will never hold him again. 
  I will never laugh at his silly jokes again. 
  PROTESTERS: Black lives matter! 
  Black lives matter! 
  Black lives matter! 
  Black lives matter! 
  Black lives matter! 
  Black lives matter! 
  Black lives matter! 
  I will never hear him say, "I love you, Mama", ever again. 
  PROTESTERS: Black lives matter! 
  Black lives matter! 
  Jamal's life mattered! 
  Jamal's life mattered! 
  Jamal's life mattered! 
  Jamal's life mattered! 
  Jamal's life mattered! 
  Jamal's life mattered! 
  Jamal's life mattered! 
  Jamal's life mattered! 
  Jamal's life mattered! 
  Jamal's life mattered! 
  (FADING): Jamal's life mattered! 
  Jamal's life mattered! 
  Federal Marshals. 
  Are you Callie Adams Foster? 
  - Yes. 
  - Will you come with us please? 
  What's this about? 
  Do you have your federal court security card on you? 
  Tell me who's that writin' John the Revelator Tell me who's that writin' John the Revelator Wrote the book of the seven seals Tell me who's that writin' John the Revelator Tell me who's that writin' John the Revelator Tell me who's that writin' John the Revelator Wrote the book of the seven seals God walked down in the cool of the day Called Adam by his name Adam refused to answer 'Cause he was naked and ashamed Christ had twelve apostles And three he led away He said, watch with me one hour 'Till I go over yonder and pray Tell me who's that writin' John the Revelator Wrote the book of the seven seals 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 