Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x12 - Gumboot Becky - Good Trouble 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x12 - Gumboot Becky https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=871&t=35735 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/23/20 13:31 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x12 - Gumboot Becky 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 EVAN: Mariana, this is Kendra Zahir. 
  Kendra is here to oversee daily operations. 
  We need you to step down as team leader of your app. 
  MARIANA: Evan, can I speak with you? 
  Busy at the moment, but you can schedule an appointment with my assistant. 
  Let me know who you want to make the acting team leader of your app until we get this all sorted out. 
  RAJ: You want me to be team leader? 
  - What about Claire? 
  - MARIANA: I don't trust her right now. 
  I wanted to think that I could count on you and that you would show up for me. 
  It was my dad's birthday, Malika. 
  I know activism's important to you, but I just need to know that when it counts that we come first. 
  It's not a violation of the restraining order if you didn't know he was there. 
  JAMIE: It is if she didn't leave. 
  MALIKA: How much trouble am I in? 
  You can be sentenced up to a year in jail. 
  You wanna get drunk? 
  (PLAYING DRUMS) 
  - Ahh! 
  - Yeah! 
  Tell me somethin' I don't know about you. 
  DAVIA: Dennis told me you were trying to work things out. 
  We actually just signed the divorce papers. 
  JEFF: All these weeks you've been telling me that you want me to move to LA, to be together. 
  And then you tell me that you don't love me anymore? 
  You think that I'm proud to tell people about my son, the addict? 
  MAN ON PHONE: Mr. 
  Wilson, we regret to inform you you son is deceased. 
  There's no sign of foul play. 
  WILSON: Someone sold the drugs to my son. 
  JAMIE: Wilson must be devastated. 
  CALLIE: He is. 
  And he's so angry. 
  With no proof of tampering, legally I can't Don't tell me about the law! 
  I'm a federal judge! 
  CALLIE: He just wants someone to blame. 
  (PEOPLE MURMURING) 
  Okay. 
  Incoming. 
  Hi. 
  Hors d'oeuvres? 
  No. 
  Lovely service. 
  Yes. 
  So tragic. 
  Very. 
  So where are you working now? 
  I didn't pass the bar so I'm working as a research assistant at Legal Aid. 
  I'm sure you'll pass next time. 
  I passed. 
  But I'm hoping to clerk another year for Judge Wilson when he gets confirmed to the Appellate Court, which he will, in spite of the protest your friend Malika and Black Lives Matter tried to pull off. 
  You mean the one they did pull off, that got national news coverage? 
  WILSON: I need a favor. 
  There's a friend of Tate's who I think knows where he got the pills. 
  He'll never speak to me. 
  But he might open up to you. 
  His name's Graham. 
  I'm gonna text you his number. 
  Okay? 
  Uh, you Callie? 
  - Graham? 
  - Yeah. 
  (CELL PHONE CHIMES) 
  - Judge Wilson? 
  - (KNOCKS ON DOOR) 
  Everything okay? 
  That kid had a lot of nerve coming to Tate's funeral and now he's here? 
  We don't know that he gave him the drugs that killed him. 
  I know. 
  When Tate was in rehab, he said that Graham was his dealer. 
  What is that? 
  Security footage from Tate's building. 
  I just got it. 
  If he's on it he's gonna be very sorry he ever stepped foot in my house. 
  I'm sticking with you, honey You make the whole world sunny You got that golden heart Mmm. 
  Hey. 
  You've got that magic DAVIA: Oh. 
  Hey. 
  Sorry, um I just needed to tell Dennis something. 
  But I'll catch him later. 
  Okay. 
  Pa-pa-pa Pa-pa-pa pa-pa Pa-pa-pa, pa-pa-pa pa-pa And then we'll find our peace of mind You and me, bel ami Pa-pa-pa, pa-pa Oh, thank God you're here. 
  Can you set appointments for these clients? 
  And I need you to forward these intake applications to the designated practice areas. 
  Bad news. 
  I just got word that four tenants dropped out of the lawsuit. 
  - Why? 
  - C. C. 
  Hastings, the development company, is giving them cash vouchers to voluntarily move out of their homes. 
  If more tenants drop out, we won't have enough for the class action to move forward. 
  So what do we do? 
  We need to call as many of the tenants as we can and get them to come to a meeting here tonight. 
  Hi, my name's Callie Adams Foster. 
  I'm with Public Legal Aid. 
  We're having a meeting here tonight. 
  It's important that we have as many people as possible show up. 
  We're trying to keep you in your homes. 
  (BUZZING) 
  Uh, it's tonight at 6:00. 
  - Um, at 6 o'clock. 
  - - Tonight, at our offices. 
  - Did you get through those files I gave you? 
  I haven't. 
  Yet. 
  Don't forget, your priority is to do the job you were hired for. 
  I need this by tomorrow. 
  (BUZZES) 
  (SCHOOL BELL RINGS) 
  (STUDENTS CHATTERING) 
  DAVIA: Settle down. 
  Come on, the bell rang. 
  - Guys, come on. 
  - (THUMPS BOOK) 
  Phones away, books out. 
  (CHATTERING CONTINUES) 
  Andre. 
  (LOUDER); Andre? 
  What you want, Ms. M? 
  - Where's your book? 
  - What book? 
  Kaffir Boy. 
  Whoa, Miss M! 
  Did y'all hear that? 
  She called me the K word. 
  - (STUDENTS GASP) 
  - I'm feeling a little triggered. 
  Okay, Andre. 
  If you choose not to participate, can you at least not disrupt the class while I'm teaching? 
  All right. 
  So, for those of you who did the reading, what is one of the main conflicts in the book so far? 
  Um, how about the conflict between Mark's parents? 
  His mother thinks that an education is Mark's ticket to a better life, while his father feels that an education is worthless for a black man during Apartheid. 
  Any thoughts on that? 
  And of course, the school is evaluating me on my track three class. 
  What's a track three class? 
  Where they stick the low-income and POC kids. 
  It's based off of academic performance and ability. 
  Tracking kids doesn't improve learning, it only increase inequity. 
  And technically it's unconstitutional. 
  Okay, look, they gave me five weeks of teacher training before I went into a classroom. 
  I am trying my hardest, but unlike my honor students, who show up every day, eager to learn, my track three class just doesn't do their homework and they don't pay attention. 
  I try, but it's like they just don't care. 
  I mean, if you're treated as intellectually less than from day one, why would you believe in yourself? 
  Or bother trying? 
  MARIANA: Even at MIT, some of my teachers definitely assumed that the white women in my classes were smarter than me. 
  - Always. 
  - DAVIA: Well, I don't underestimate my kids. 
  I even took your advice and found a book that they could relate to. 
  (STUDENTS LAUGHING) 
  I think the real conflict with this book is that no one wants to read it. 
  What Kaffir Boy needs is a little bit of this - (RAP MUSIC PLAYING) 
  - Uhh! 
  Ooh! 
  Eh! 
  Ooh! 
  Okay, um, good morning, or a-afternoon. 
  Morning. 
  Good morning. 
  Um, so, as you all know, this is just a temporary situation. 
  - (MESSAGE TONE BEEPS) 
  - Uh, in the meantime, there is a server side issue affecting our backward compatibility. 
  - CLAIRE/GINA: We know. 
  - I'm on it. 
  (MESSAGE TONE BEEPS) 
  I actually thought I'd put Gina on it. 
  - Why? 
  - Hmm? 
  - Uh, why? 
  - (MESSAGE TONE BEEPS) 
  - Um - Because you're better at not better at you're so good at client side changes. 
  How do you know? 
  We've never worked together. 
  I do my research. 
  - (MESSAGE TONE BEEPS) 
  - You know what, let me mute these text alerts. 
  Then how will you know when Mariana's texting you? 
  (MESSAGE TONE BEEPING) 
  So you put your boyfriend in charge of your app? 
  Well, because he was on the team before Claire. 
  And not because you can micromanage him? 
  (CELL PHONE BUZZING) 
  I'm not micromanaging him. 
  Do you really think that Claire is ready to be a team leader? 
  Were you? 
  I mean, you won't know if you don't give her a chance. 
  Isn't that what Fight Club is all about? 
  Lifting each other up? 
  Would you trust the launch of your app to someone you were giving a chance to or give it to someone you knew could deliver? 
  I don't know. 
  But I'm not so sure alienating the only allies you have in here is a wise move. 
  (SIGHS) 
  (INDISTINCT CONVERSATION) 
  Good morning. 
  Good morning, Mariana. 
  CHISA: Uh! 
  Uh! 
  Uhh! 
  Ohh! 
  Bye. 
  (LAUGHING) 
  There it is. 
  Good job today! 
  So, my kids hate me. 
  No, they don't. 
  Yeah? 
  Well, they certainly don't respect me. 
  I thought they'd be into this new book, but they're just as disengaged as ever. 
  How do you do it? 
  You just started doing this. 
  Give it a couple years. 
  I might not have that option. 
  Look, sometimes you gotta get creative. 
  I have kids who couldn't care less about math, but love football. 
  So we talk yards per carry, passer ratings, why Tom Brady's the best QB in the game You mean Aaron Rodgers. 
  And suddenly they're doing statistics and probability. 
  Feel free to run any ideas by me. 
  I will. 
  Thank you. 
  The things you say When you say you love me No one else above me (BUZZES) 
  Uh you Callie? 
  - Graham? 
  - Yeah. 
  Sorry I'm late. 
  Do you mind if I get a coffee real quick? 
  Sure. 
  Okay. 
  JOSEPH: Up to a year in jail? 
  MALIKA: That's kind of the worst-case scenario. 
  But Judge Wilson does have a big influence, so I'm sure he could make the worst case happen if he wants to. 
  Can your friend - Callie. 
  - Can she talk to him? 
  She already tried. 
  It's just so hard to be sidelined. 
  I feel like the work is what gave my life purpose. 
  Your life can't just be about the fight. 
  I know. 
  I know. 
  I know. 
  I told you I didn't regret the sacrifices I made for the movement, but I was lying to myself. 
  Look at you and Dom, and all the years I missed out on being your dad. 
  Your mama told me, I was out there fighting against the destruction of black families and couldn't see I was destroying my own. 
  Your mother I loved her. 
  She made me a better man, a better activist. 
  My family you were my peace and you should have been my main purpose. 
  So what's happening with your young man? 
  (CHUCKLES) 
  Uh I messed that up. 
  I let him down. 
  So fix it. 
  Just show up for him the way he shows up for you. 
  (DISTANT SIREN WAILING) 
  I just can't believe he's gone, you know. 
  When was the last time you saw him? 
  It's been a while. 
  I've been trying not to party. 
  Just stay focused on school. 
  And did you know that Tate was working on his sobriety? 
  - Yeah. 
  - But he was still partying? 
  Yeah. 
  And I called him out on it, and he just got pissed at me. 
  So you have no idea who gave him the drugs that killed him? 
  No. 
  No clue. 
  So, you were a friend of Tate's? 
  Not really. 
  His father asked me to talk to some of his friends. 
  He just wants to know more about his son and what happened. 
  - Why? 
  - Don't you think he deserves to know how his son died? 
  Nothing he finds out is gonna bring Tate back. 
  I gotta go. 
  (CELL PHONE BUZZES) 
  RAJ: You're doing it again. 
  - MARIANA: What? 
  - RAJ: Micro-managing. 
  They know you're texting me every five seconds, and I feel like an idiot. 
  Alex and Sam are right, I have no balls. 
  Why are balls always the measure of a man's strength when we know it's the weakest part your body? 
  Also, the ugliest. 
  No offense. 
  None taken. 
  Look, I want to support you. 
  But this is very unprofessional. 
  Fair or not, you got taken off your app, and you've just gotta suck it up and let people do their jobs. 
  Including me. 
  And by the way, everyone knows that we meet in here. 
  So, time to find a new place. 
  How was your day? 
  Shitty. 
  Yours? 
  Same old, same old. 
  Except you haven't had a hangover in a while? 
  (CHOPPING LOUDLY) 
  - Hey. 
  - Hey. 
  (MOANING SOFTLY) 
  Okay. 
  Take it easy with that knife. 
  Do you have a minute? 
  You can't be drinking with Dennis. 
  Why? 
  Because he's just really fragile and - You just can't. 
  - (CHUCKLES) 
  Okay. 
  Dennis is a grown-ass man. 
  He can do what he wants. 
  Dennis was just released from a psychiatric hospital because his son died two years ago. 
  And his divorce was just finalized. 
  - I didn't know. 
  - No one does. 
  That's why he hasn't been hanging out much lately. 
  He's depressed and spiraling. 
  And adding alcohol to that isn't gonna help. 
  Okay. 
  I'm sorry. 
  Yeah. 
  He also uses s*x to numb the pain, so We didn't have s*x, Davia. 
  No, I I know that. 
  I was just speaking in general. 
  You have to promise to keep this between us? 
  Yeah. 
  I-I got you. 
  Okay. 
  (DOOR OPENS) 
  (DOOR CLOSES) 
  (PEOPLE CHATTERING) 
  MAN: Sounds like a good deal to me. 
  Guys, it's just a temporary phase. 
  You can't take those payments. 
  MAN: We don't wanna move out, but they're giving us a lot of money. 
  - We got kids and bills to pay. 
  - But they're low-balling you. 
  What they're offering is less than what you deserve. 
  It's still something. 
  What if we lose the lawsuit? 
  Then we get evicted with nothing. 
  At least if we take the vouchers, it can help us move into a new place. 
  I know it sounds like a lot of money, guys. 
  But think about the moving expenses, security deposits, utilities, and the higher rents you're gonna have to pay. 
  And we gonna have to put our kids in new schools so they can build their luxury apartments and shopping malls? 
  Shopping malls create jobs. 
  Minimum wage jobs that you'll end up having to travel miles to get to, 'cause you can't afford to live near where you work. 
  You'll be priced out of the neighborhoods that you made thrive. 
  Neighborhoods that they didn't want to live in until you made them beautiful. 
  And now that the economy is booming for the one percent, they want to take your homes and push you out. 
  Look, I'm not telling you anything you don't already know. 
  And we can't write you a check, but we can fight for you. 
  But our power lies in numbers. 
  We need more than a few of you. 
  We need all of you. 
  (TENANTS CHATTERING) 
  MARIANA: Thank you guys for coming. 
  GINA: Yeah. 
  It better be worth it. 
  I had to bail on a date with the cutest Pikachu cosplayer in L. A. 
  (COUGHS) 
  Sounds like Mariana did you a favor. 
  So, why are we even having these meetings anymore? 
  Because I screwed up. 
  I shouldn't have made Raj the interim Green Team leader. 
  The point is, you chose to put a man in charge. 
  He's not a man, he's my boyfriend. 
  I mean, of-of course he's a man. 
  He's not a douchebag. 
  And I chose him because I couldn't give up control. 
  But the message that sent is that even we trust men over women as team leaders. 
  I know, and that's why I'm apologizing. 
  But I worked my ass off to create that app, and I just I felt like Claire took over without any consideration - to my ownership - Someone had to step up. 
  Yeah, but my loss shouldn't be seized upon as your gain. 
  Not when the whole point of this is to have each other's backs. 
  All I wanted was an opportunity to prove myself because who knows if I'll ever get another chance to be a team leader. 
  CASEY: But if we operate as if there's only one seat at the table for women, then we're just gonna end up competing rather than collaborating with each other. 
  RACHEL: We all deserve a seat at the table. 
  Maybe they can deny one woman, but they can't deny all of us. 
  If we stick together. 
  I'm sorry. 
  I didn't mean to make you feel like I was taking over your app. 
  And I'm sorry that I didn't trust that you could pull off the launch. 
  I want you to be Team Leader. 
  And I promise I will try my best to only text you 20 or 30 times a day. 
  (LAUGHS) 
  Only? 
  Okay. 
  Good. 
  I'll just turn my ringer off, then. 
  (INDISTINCT CHATTER) 
  - Appreciate it. 
  - Yeah. 
  We got three tenants to reconsider and two more signed on. 
  So, we're at 15 plaintiffs. 
  Oh, looks like we're back in business. 
  Yeah. 
  Hey. 
  Nice speech tonight. 
  It was, uh, heartfelt and persuasive. 
  You better be careful, Marcus, or I might steal her away. 
  - Talk soon. 
  - Yeah. 
  Where did you run off to earlier? 
  I had a personal matter. 
  This case is important. 
  If we lose many of those clients could wind up homeless. 
  Pretty speeches are great. 
  But I need to know I can count on you. 
  You can. 
  Absolutely. 
  TERESA: Are my files ready? 
  Is that all? 
  MARIANA: So I heard you before, and you're right. 
  I'm going to let go and I'm gonna make Claire the team leader. 
  Which means we can suffer together again on the Blue Team, just like old times. 
  But now we can take "breaks" in the supply closet. 
  No. 
  Well, the roof is, like, pretty exposed. 
  No! 
  I mean, you're not firing me off your app for the second time! 
  I'm not having everyone thinking once again that I couldn't cut it. 
  I'm fine working under Claire, but I am staying on the app. 
  That's so hot. 
  (CLATTERING) 
  Is your back okay? 
  (SCHOOL BELL RINGS) 
  ("WILD MANN" BY CY DUNE PLAYING) 
  Good afternoon. 
  (EXHALES DEEPLY) 
  What the hell was that? 
  So, that was a dance created by miners who were forced to work in brutal conditions during Apartheid in South Africa. 
  Minors like kids? 
  No. 
  Miners like, men who worked in mines. 
  Mining gold. 
  These miners were separated from their families, forced to work in the dark, chained to their stations, and weren't allowed to speak, so they came up with this dance as a way to communicate with each other. 
  - That's dope. 
  - Yeah. 
  I thought by learning about this dance, we could learn about what was going on during the time of Kaffir Boy. 
  These miners came up with this dance in the face of oppression. 
  As a form of protest and expression. 
  Not unlike rap and hip-hop and other artistic forms of protest in our country today. 
  - And this is where stepping came from. 
  - (STUDENTS LAUGH) 
 
 
 
  (CHATTERING) 
  Let's see it again. 
  (STOMPING BOOTS) 
  (TAPPING) 
  (STUDENTS CLAPPING) 
  It's not him. 
  (BUZZES) 
  I'm sorry. 
  I know you're mad at me. 
  I'm not mad at you. 
  You're not? 
  No. 
  But I exposed the pay gap and I told you to reach out to Amanda. 
  I'm the reason that they brought Kendra in. 
  No. 
  It's my fault. 
  It's my company, and I knew there were issues and I didn't do anything about them. 
  I'm not even mad at Amanda. 
  Though I don't think I'll be asking her for a second date. 
  That was a joke. 
  - Good one. 
  - Hmm. 
  See, you do have a sense of humor. 
  Thank you. 
  Oh, but if you're not mad at me, then why were you Pretending to be? 
  I have a plan, to take back control of the company. 
  But I have to make the board believe that I'm on their side, complying with all of the changes - that they want to make. 
  - Like closing the pay gap? 
  I mean, are they serious about that? 
  Only if they can slash jobs to pay for it. 
  But I don't want to do that. 
  And I won't have to if they lose faith in Kendra. 
  Then once she's out, I can get rid of the board and start over, you know. 
  Do everything we want to do to fix things here. 
  Okay, but how do we do that? 
  I need your app to fail. 
  My app? 
  Kendra has convinced the board that the ACT-ivism app will solve our PR problems. 
  If it fails, she fails. 
  I get the company back. 
  Can I think about it? 
  Of course, yes. 
  Do you know who that is? 
  If this kid is selling pills pressed with fentanyl, other people are gonna die. 
  You want that on your conscience? 
  Uh h-his name is Chase. 
  He was in rehab with Tate. 
  I-I only met him once. 
  - What's his last name? 
  - Uh, I don't know. 
  But I could probably find out for you. 
  - (KNOCK AT DOOR) 
  - ALLISON: Dad. 
  Um, the Pearsons are leaving. 
  They wanted to say goodbye. 
  I'll be right down. 
  (CELL PHONE BUZZES) 
  Okay. 
  Yeah, I'll be in the office this afternoon. 
  Hey. 
  - Who was that? 
  - Marcus. 
  - Everything okay? 
  - No. 
  Apparently, the development company we're trying to sue is owned by a Chinese company which jeopardizes our case Because to be sued in California, the California court has to have adequate jurisdiction. 
  The whole class action could be dead in the water. 
  Not if they have deep enough contacts here to pursue. 
  I can do some digging. 
  What's the name of the company? 
  Anwei International? 
  I'll be right back. 
  Your honor, where are you going? 
  I know where he lives. 
  Who? 
  The dealer who killed my son. 
  - I'm coming with you. 
  - (ENGINE STARTS) 
  (ENGINE REVVING) 
  (STUDENTS CHATTERING) 
  What up, Gumboot Becky! 
  You wanna get drunk? 
  Uh, I-I can't. 
  I have plans. 
  Well Another time. 
  Dennis? 
  You shouldn't drink alone. 
  (BANGING ON DOOR) 
  (CELL PHONE BUZZES) 
  - (DOGS BARKING IN DISTANCE) 
  - (BANGING CONTINUES) 
  I don't think he's here. 
  We should take his name to the police, - let them handle it - They're not gonna do anything. 
  You think they care about rich kids who OD on drugs? 
  Hey, Chase! 
  Chase Carter! 
  Okay, but what're you gonna do? 
  'Cause right now you're angry. 
  And with good reason. 
  But yelling at this kid is not going to bring Tate back. 
  And it's not going to make anything better. 
  Chase? 
  You Chase? 
  Hey, what's going on? 
  - Oh, whoa, whoa! 
  - You killed my son! 
  - I don't know what you're talking about! 
  - Tate Wilson. 
  You gave him some pills laced with fentanyl. 
  - I didn't give him anything. 
  - Sir. 
  Bullshit! 
  I know it was you. 
  No, it wasn't me. 
  He bought that stuff online. 
  I-I swear. 
  I swear to God. 
  I told him not to trust it, but he'd already taken it - when I got there. 
  - You left him? 
  You knew he'd taken something and you didn't stay. 
  - Your Honor. 
  - You didn't wait around to see if he'd stopped breathing or called somebody for help? 
  You might as well have killed him! 
  You Honor, please get off I'm sorry. 
  I'm sorry. 
  I'm so sorry. 
  I'm so sorry. 
  Go. 
  I failed him. 
  I failed my son. 
  (INAUDIBLE) 
  It's my fault. 
  I made him hate me. 
  (CRYING) 
  He's gone. 
  (INAUDIBLE) 
  (CONTINUES CRYING) 
  Hi. 
  Hey. 
  - (DOOR CLOSES) 
  - So, uh, what's up? 
  Come with me. 
  (PEOPLE CHATTERING) 
  - MAN: Hey! 
  - WOMAN: Hey! 
  MAN 2: Hey! 
  What's up, big dog? 
  (LAUGHTER AND CHATTER) 
  What's going on? 
  I invited your family over for dinner hoping that they would give me another chance. 
  And hoping that you will too? 
  GIRL: Ooh! 
  JOY: He better. 
  or he's not getting any of my mac and cheese. 
  ALL: Oh! 
  (HAPPY CHATTER) 
  He believed in Santa Claus until he was 13. 
  That's only because she was sending Dad up to the roof to make reindeer noises. 
  Uh what are reindeer noises? 
  - Hoof sounds. 
  - WOMAN: Uh-huh. 
  Okay. 
  It's true. 
  We'd make, uh, soot marks by the fireplace. 
  - That's sweet. 
  - CALEB: And he believed in the tooth fairy for like a hella long time. 
  Y'all better relax because I have stories about y'all too. 
  - Oh! 
  - What you got? 
  After all this, I need more wine. 
  (OVERLAPPING CHATTER) 
  (LAUGHTER) 
  So, sis, what's, uh, happening with this arrest? 
  I don't really know yet. 
  I read about violating restraining orders. 
  Is it true you might have to do some jail time? 
  - It's a possibility. 
  - Jail time? 
  What you mean? 
  You didn't say nothin' about that. 
  Right, 'cause we're not doing that right now. 
  (OVERLAPPING CHATTER) 
  Not today, guys. 
  Not today! 
  Today we're living in the moment. 
  It is what it is. 
  Ooh, yes! 
  This is my song! 
  Let's get up on our feet and dance, y'all. 
  Oh yeah! 
  Everybody. 
  ("TRUTH TEA" PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS) 
  Whoo! 
  I just hope our dad isn't filling her head with more ideas. 
  Just because he's been to prison and he's proud of it. 
  Look, Dom, I know it's none of my business, but I don't think he's about that. 
  (SONG CONTINUES) 
  Come on. 
  Sip on this truth tea You say you're sorry But I'm better without You wanted to see me? 
  Did you tell Malika about Jacob? 
  DENNIS: You gave me your word that you wouldn't tell anyone. 
  But I-I don't know why I would believe you. 
  Y-y-you lie about everything. 
  I should never have trusted you. 
  What are you talking about? 
  When have I ever lied to you? 
  Jeff? 
  I know you didn't break up with him and you told me you did. 
  Okay, so what? 
  Why do you care so much about when I broke up with him? 
  I don't. 
  I-I, uh - I don't care. 
  - You know, talk about lying, your whole life is a lie! 
  You lie to everyone who cares about you by hiding in your pain. 
  Making everyone believe that you're just some sort of loser who dropped out of life for no reason. 
  Just leave me alone. 
  - No. 
  - Just - leave me alone! 
  - No! 
  - I want to be alone! 
  - No. 
  - I want to be alone! 
  - Bullshit! 
  If you wanted to be alone, you wouldn't have moved into the Coterie. 
  You need people. 
  What if you try to hurt yourself? 
  What if you succeed? 
  I can't keep enabling you by keeping your secret. 
  Making excuses to everyone while you just isolate yourself in here, doing whatever you're hiding behind that. 
  What are you hiding? 
  No! 
  Don't! 
  (SOBBING) 
  How can you keep all of this pain inside? 
  You need help. 
  If you really want to honor Jacob's memory, honor your own life. 
  WILSON: I'm sorry about what I did today. 
  Well, what you did out of grief and anger and wanting someone to be held accountable for your loss is understandable. 
  That's what Malika was doing when she came into your chambers. 
  It's what Jamal's mother wants for her son. 
  And it's why Black Lives Matter is protesting your appointment. 
  And I suppose you concur. 
  The conservative courts in this country have become completely partisan. 
  They unapologetically protect the agenda of the powerful and the privileged and the religious right. 
  They want to overturn Roe v. 
  Wade. 
  Ignoring the wishes of the majority of people who support a woman's right to choose. 
  So, if you're not going to respect settled law and equal protection for all, then, yes I concur. 
  I'm sorry, now is not the time. 
  I appreciate your candor. 
  The last thing I'll say: I swear on my life that Malika did not know that they were protesting you. 
  And she didn't leave because the people who are fighting for Black lives, for her life, were counting on her. 
  And I think that's something you can respect. 
  Your tenacity will take you far, Callie Adams Foster. 
  I am truly sorry for your loss, Your Honor. 
  And you look so far away Away, away, away we go And you look so far away Away, away, away, away, away ISAAC: You really showed up for me tonight. 
  I appreciate that. 
  Well, I wanted you to know that the movement is not my primary partner. 
  You are. 
  And I want you to know that I love you. 
  Can you show me how 'cause I don't know the game I got a million doubts Burning up my shoulder I wanna make it happen every single day Unless you wanna stay away You coming? 
  (SONG CONTINUES) 
  Are you sure you're okay? 
  I will be. 
  How are you? 
  You okay? 
  Yeah. 
  Talk to me. 
  Nah, just Later. 
  At home. 
  Mm. 
  Just, now, please. 
  I can't take any more suspense. 
  The company that owns the development group you're suing? 
  Anwei International? 
  I represent them. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 