Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x07 - If You Could See Her Through My Eyes - Defiance 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x07 - If You Could See Her Through My Eyes https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=326&t=18939 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/01/14 08:01 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x07 - If You Could See Her Through My Eyes 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on Defiance... 
 This could be a nice little side gig for you, but if you stir up trouble, I swear, I'll drop your skinny ass off the top of this arch. 
 What you've done to me cuts against the very grain of who our people are. 
 [Tense music] 
 [Eerie hissing] 
 Get off him. 
 Irisa! 
 If you think you can just swoop in here and take credit for my accomplishments... 
 Consider yourself lucky I didn't send you to the front to die. 
 What would you say then to a gentlemen who is looking to... 
 A local club. 
 Caters to more specialized tastes. 
 [Pulsing, dreamy music] 
 ♪ 
♪ 
 [Singing in native language] 
 Jalina. 
 Favi Tarr. 
 Alak's not home yet, is he? 
 He's working late. 
 Favi, you have something on your neck. 
 White makeup. 
 That's just baking flour. 
 Of course it is. 
 I see that now. 
 You won't say anything? 
 About baking flour? 
 What a boring conversation. 
 Thank you, Jalina. 
 Sleep well, Favi. 
 I'll see you in the morning. 
 Where are you going at this time of night? 
 When I was a child, I was sworn to serve this family. 
 My work, as humans say, is never done. 
 [Grunting] 
 Datak Tarr. 
 [Speaking native language] 
 [Moaning] 
 My master is Datak Tarr. 
 Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. 
 What do you think you're doing? 
 Saying your name. 
 Yeah, well, I know who I am. 
 [Laughs] 
 I thought you'd like it. 
 What, hearing my name over and over again? 
 Do you think I'm some kind of egomaniac? 
 No. 
 Huh. 
 Good girl. 
 [Laughs] Oh! 
 I should be getting back. 
 Stahma will be angry if I'm late. 
 Now, there's a name you can say. 
 Go on. 
 Stahma? 
 Yes. Say it. 
 "Stahma." 
 Stahma. 
 Look at me. 
 Stahma, Sta... 
 You are Stahma. 
 Stahma. 
 I am... I am Stahma. 
 You are Stahma. 
 You are my husband. [Moans] 
 Stahma. 
 Oh! 
 Oh, Datak. [Moaning] 
 That hurts a little. 
 Oh, yeah? 
 Stahma, Stahma. 
 Stahma, Stahma, Stahma. 
 [Grunts] 
 [Glass shatters] 
 [Groans] 
 [Glass clattering] 
 [Ominous music] 
 ♪ 
 [Grunts] 
 Jalina. 
 [Dramatic music] 
 ♪ 
 Checked out the crime scene. 
 Looks like she was attacked in the alley, dumped in a trash bin. 
 Somehow, she survived and crawled her way back here. 
 She came to my door crying for help. 
 I was so drunk, I slept through it. 
 I'm gonna kill whoever did this. 
 I would worry less about revenge and more about covering your ass. 
 Oh, you don't think I did this? 
 Jalina was sworn to our home since she was a child. 
 I adored her. 
 That's one word for it. 
 Anyhow, what I think doesn't matter. 
 Imagine what Nolan will think. 
 Oh, no. No, no. 
 He'll have me back in Camp Reverie before sunfall. 
 No, we have to get rid of the body, now. 
 We? 
 There are two types of friends in this world. 
 Kind that you helps you hide a dead whore, and me. 
 She wasn't a whore. 
 She was a handmaiden. 
 Potato, po-tah-to. 
 I'm not going back to Reverie. 
 Well, I can't manage this by myself. 
 You're a professional criminal. 
 I have faith. 
 [Door creaking] 
 [Door clicks] 
 [Breathing unsteadily] 
 [Footsteps] 
 Sukar is missing. 
 The Spirit Riders tell me that he has strayed from Irzu's path. 
 I've lost my taste for religion. 
 Will you help me find him? 
 He's better off far away from me. 
 That's probably true. 
 Suit yourself. 
 What? 
 That's a good likeness. 
 You know him? 
 Of course I know him. 
 He's here in town with me. 
 Initial here and here and here. 
 Very nice. 
 I'll whip this over to the Darby Building and have it stamped, and you will receive your keonite by the first of the month. 
 Thank you very much. That's my pen. 
 Cai. [Clears throat] 
 Hey. 
 I'm just about wrapped up here. 
 We can take the night coach back to Cedars and have your papers signed in the morning. 
 Any word on Sukar? 
 None yet. 
 I'm going to see a pow tanner he trades with. 
 Okay. 
 Uh-huh. 
 Hello. 
 Who's your little friend? 
 This is Irisa. 
 She might be touched by Irzu, or perhaps she is just crazy. 
 Ah. 
 Well, charmed, I'm sure. 
 My name is Cai, short for Mordecai. 
 You have Reimlu's face. 
 Well, I've been complimented on my generic good looks. 
 Do you recognize me? 
 No. Should I? 
 Look at me carefully. 
 Okay. 
 I'll meet you back at the land coach. 
 Hang on. 
 You're not gonna leave me here with the weirdo. 
 Have fun. 
 Thanks. 
 Okay, Smile Factory, I'm pressed for time here, so if there's anything I can help you with, anything that's not gonna be awkward or uncomfortable for both of us, please feel free to shout it out, but not too loudly. 
 People will be inclined to stare, because you are strange. 
 I'm still trying to figure out what this means. 
 While you're thinking, it would really reduce my anxiety level down to a four if you weren't staring at me as though you were trying to eat me. 
 I don't mean to be rude. 
 I'm confused. 
 How do you know Rynn? 
 I handle legal work for I-rath itinerants. 
 When the Earth Republic seized the McCawley mines, they had to negotiate for rights ceded to the Spirit Riders. 
 Do you have memories about coming here on the Arks? 
 I was born in Tallahassee. 
 I respect the badge and all, but I really have work to do. 
 No, please wait. 
 Ow. 
 Do you have visions? 
 Okay, that kind of hurts. 
 What is wrong with you? 
 Lawkeeper. 
 Favi Tarr. 
 I was told I might find you here. 
 My handmaiden, Jalina, failed to return last night after running an errand. 
 Missing servant, huh? 
 Am I in some kind of trouble here? 
 It's unlike her, and I'm worried. 
 Hmm. 
 So I'm not special... 
 You treat everyone... 
 You look like you know something you're not telling me. 
 Rafe's servant, Bertie, disappeared some time back. 
 She turned up a few days later, none the worse for wear. 
 That's reassuring. 
 What happened to her? 
 Wish I could help. 
 I'll look into Jalina. 
 I'll need to question your staff later. 
 I'll inform the handmaidens. 
 Thank you. 
 Yes, I see it. 
 Irisa. 
 I get it. It's a picture of me. 
 But it begs the question, why are you drawing me? 
 I need a word with you, if you don't mind. 
 [Scoffs] Twist my arm. 
 This has been fun. 
 What are you doing? 
 Stahma's handmaiden has disappeared, kind of like Bertie. 
 I don't know anything about Stahma's servant. 
 Look, kiddo, I can't protect you if you keep me in the dark. 
 Amanda swears she shot you. 
 I saw the blood, yet you seem fine. 
 You can't just keep going on pretending everything's okay. 
 Everything is okay. 
 Okay, Defiance, I hope you brought your party slippers, because Treasure Doll is here bringing you Casti power pop from the hot new band Strength in Numbers, available only on Tarr Traxx. 
 [Pop music playing] 
 Oh, lunch looks delicious. 
 You guys would forget to eat if I let you. 
 Oh, Christie, I forgot. 
 You left this here yesterday. 
 Who gave this to you? 
 I bought it at the market. 
 It's a Castithan... 
 [Speaking native language]. 
 It's a courtship gem. 
 I thought it was pretty. 
 It was handcrafted on Casti. 
 Nobody would sell it on the street. 
 Are you calling me a liar? 
 [Singing in native language] 
 I'm not hungry. 
 I'm so sorry. 
 I didn't think. 
 It's not your fault. 
 I can't believe I keep lying to him. 
 I am a horrible person. 
 Stop. 
 You were doing this to understand his people. 
 You're making the marriage better. 
 You're the good guy here. 
 I feel guilty, because I love it. 
 I love the feeling of wearing someone else's skin. 
 It makes me feel, I don't know, powerful. 
 You get to be someone else. 
 Someone sexy. 
 Look, if you don't invent yourself, someone else will do it for you. 
 Do you know what a reindeer is? 
 Like, the animal? 
 During the war, reindeers were prostitutes that snuck onto EMC bases to deliver gifts. 
 My mom was one. 
 She would take us from one base to another to sell herself to the soldiers. 
 And one night, I heard a soldier negotiating price, and the number was getting really high. 
 And at first, I was happy, and then I realized... 
 [Laughs wryly] 
 My mom was selling me. 
 How old were you? 
 13. 
 Did you go? 
 I didn't have a choice. 
 So that night, as soon as that soldier fell asleep... 
 I bashed him in the head with a big rock and ran. 
 When I ended up here, I acted high-class, and they gave me a job at the NeedWant. 
 Now I'm on the radio, and pretty soon, I'm gonna marry someone rich, like your husband, someone who treats me like a princess. 
 [Both chuckle] 
 Everything you see here, it's my own invention. 
 'Cause anybody can be anything if they want it bad enough. 
 I believe you. 
 Damn right, girl. 
 I'm your Treasure Doll. 
 Jalina was special to me. 
 Yeah, I can see that. 
 She was only seven when we purchased her from her parents. 
 Yeah, well, I never knew her well. 
 I met her around the house. 
 She was kind. 
 Smiled a lot, in that weird way you people have. 
 She was such a spirited child. 
 So much imagination. 
 She and Alak used to put on little puppet plays of the stories from the holy scrolls. 
 Hold on. 
 I bought this for her. 
 It was the only piece of jewelry she owned. 
 She cried the day I gave it to her. 
 She said it sparkled like Sulos. 
 Yeah, whatever. 
 Come on, just a little further. 
 I want to thank you for helping me. 
 Oh, don't flatter yourself. 
 I'm only doing this because I need the weapons you promised me. 
 Understood. 
 Whoa. 
 [Beast screeches] 
 I think this is far enough. 
 [Eerie hissing] 
 She doesn't deserve this. 
 Yeah, well, what happened to Jalina shouldn't happen to anybody. 
 If you make plans, count me in. 
 Plans? 
 Yeah, to find out who did this, make 'em pay. 
 I appreciate that, old friend. 
 I'm not your friend. 
 But you are family, and that counts for something, I guess. 
 [Charge blade crackling] 
 [Eerie hissing] 
 [Beast screeches] 
 Viceroy Mercado. 
 Glad to see you've extended your stay here in Defiance. 
 In polite society, it's customary to knock before entering. 
 The Mayor and I have an understanding. 
 I bet you do. 
 Pottinger is on urgent Earth Republic business in the Dakota Reach. 
 What do you want, Amanda? 
 I want to know what my boss did to make you so angry that you sent him to do a job that any clerk could do. 
 He entered the room without first asking my permission. 
 Niles Pottinger looks great on camera, he is articulate, and he's not afraid to crack skulls in a tough frontier town. 
 Someone in your position should be kissing his boots. 
 Instead, you treat him like a plague-carrier. 
 Why? 
 I've always liked you. 
 [Laughs] 
 Even back when you were Mayor and repeatedly kicking the Earth Republic in the teeth, I knew you were acting on principle. 
 You've got character. 
 I value character. 
 And you think Niles Pottinger lacks character. 
 Based on what? 
 That's a need-to-know, I'm afraid. 
 What if I do need to know? 
 Then you've already gotten too close. 
 [Laughs] 
 Why are you telling me this? 
 Are you trying to drive a wedge? 
 As I said, I like you. 
 You introduced me to that private club. 
 Which, by the way, was fantastic. 
 Glad you enjoyed it. 
 My superiors consider Pottinger to be a necessary evil. 
 I think Defiance would do just fine with someone else in that chair. 
 A woman, perhaps. 
 One with experience. 
 Hmm. 
 This woman, would she be expected to do whatever the Earth Republic tells her to do? 
 You'd look great in our uniform. 
 And what would happen to Pottinger? 
 When he returns, he'll help me finish his career. 
 He trusts me. 
 I can't betray him. 
 It's not who I am. 
 As I said, character. 
 You have my permission to leave. 
 [Sighs] 
 She's dead. 
 [Growls] 
 How? 
 I bedded her last night and woke to find her dead with her eyes carved out of her skull. 
 I have to ask, was it you? 
 Of course not. 
 I loved her as much as you did. 
 I'm sorry. 
 A stupid question. 
 We must tell the Lawkeeper. 
 No. 
 No, I would be blamed. 
 I suppose they would send you back to Camp Reverie. 
 Don't bluff me. 
 You had your chance to frame me, and you chose not to take it. 
 No. 
 No, we will handle this internally, as a family. 
 [Record scratching] 
 [Mike Sempert's Finest Line] 
 I want you to play these at the top of the hour every hour. 
 I know the drill, Boss. 
 And I'm sorry about the gem. 
 I didn't mean to cause trouble. 
 Do you know where she got it? 
 It's not my place. 
 ♪ Well, I looked ♪ 
 Deirdre, I'm your boss. 
 ♪ But I could not see ♪ 
 You know, you're the only person in this town who calls me by my real name. 
 ♪ This love ♪ 
 [Sighs] 
 You deserve to know. 
 Christie's running with a weird crowd. 
 I think she's in over her head. 
 
 
 
 ♪ And I took my time ♪ 
 [Speaking native language] 
 Cai. 
 I have to talk to you before you leave. 
 I don't see her. Do you? 
 Who? 
 Rynn. 
 She was supposed to meet me here. 
 We have an appointment tomorrow in Cedars. 
 It's about picking up a stipend for her... 
 [Speaking native language]. 
 She wouldn't have missed this unless there was something wrong. 
 [Grunting] 
 The ticket clerk said he thought he saw an I-rath go into that alley. 
 Why would she do that after she bought a ticket? 
 Tell you what, I'm gonna go down there, and I'm gonna take a look. 
 What I need you to do is stay right there and keep anybody else from coming down the alley. 
 Should I have a gun? 
 Keep him away from me. 
 I talk a lot when I'm nervous. 
 You don't seem to have that problem. 
 No. 
 I hope your boss is good at this. 
 He's my father. 
 But you're PureBlood. 
 When I was younger, he saved me from a bad situation. 
 He raised me. 
 Ah. 
 My parents got me out of Florida before the nukes. 
 I was raised on a kibbutz by humans. 
 Hebrew's my first language. 
 Bet you I'm the first Irathient Jew you've ever met. 
 I think we're connected. 
 You don't feel that? 
 I... I'm flattered. Really, I am. 
 But I'm kind of seeing somebody in Cedars. 
 We're not entirely exclusive, but we do have an understanding. 
 Her name's Gwyneth. 
 Got something here. 
 Boot scuff marks, some blood. 
 Signs of a struggle. 
 Wouldn't be Rynn if she didn't put up a fight. 
 Yeah. 
 Wasn't a fair fight. 
 She was drugged. 
 The poor girl. 
 Promise me, when you find the ones responsible for this, the ones who took Jalina's eyes... 
 Gentlemen, there is a killer hiding in this town, a killer who finds it amusing to rip the eyes from the head of a young woman. 
 We're gonna find him, and we're gonna find him tonight. 
 I'm giving you each scrip, walking-around money. 
 Spread it about, grease informants, buy rounds of drinks, whatever it takes. 
 I'm counting on you. 
 We're not doing this for you. 
 We're here for Stahma and Alak. 
 Your presence offends. 
 I don't think you truly understand the nature of offense. 
 Let me show you. 
 [Charge blade crackling] 
 Hey, hey, hey, put that thing away. 
 Enough. 
 This is a night for truce, a night for our family to come together and avenge the death of one of our own. 
 This is a night for Jalina. 
 Are we clear on that? 
 You're right, of course. 
 My apologies. 
 I will spill their treasonous guts on the floor some other day. 
 [Growls] 
 Good luck trying. 
 Why isn't Alak playing his part? 
 Where the hell is my son? 
 [Electronic music playing] 
 [Singing in native language] 
 ♪ 
 [Speaking in alien language] 
 Can I speak to my wife? 
 Your wife? 
 Well, isn't this awkward. 
 Love the costume. 
 What are you doing here? 
 Looking for you. 
 Is this supposed to be funny? 
 No. 
 How would you feel if I went out dancing with my face painted human pink? 
 I'm not pink. 
 You're mocking my culture. 
 It's a... 
 I came here to please you, to please your family. 
 At home, I feel human, awkward, and ugly. 
 Well, this is no improvement. 
 I came here for you. 
 You shouldn't be embarrassed by the way that I look. 
 I am beautiful like this. 
 Strong, like Stahma. 
 Well, I don't want you to be anything like my mother. 
 I married you, not some freak in a costume. 
 That courtship gem, it didn't come from the marketplace. 
 It came from that Casti-transvestite. 
 You lied to me. 
 You want to talk about lies, Alak? 
 - Or should I call you Vizu? 
 _ The great crime lord of Defiance. Killer of Skevur, and God knows who else. We'll talk about this when we get... Don't touch me. I'm staying here. Whoo! Hey. [Grunts] [Door clicks] Doc Yewll. Lambert. What's with the sunglasses? I couldn't find my regular doctors. I need eye drops. Okay, well, let's take a look. Well, actually, I'm in a hurry. I have students waiting. I... Pink corneas. Casti eyes. They're contact lenses. You know, I have to keep them in for the next few days. They stopped making contact lenses 30 years ago. I bought them in the black market. They harvest them from cadavers. It's for fun. You know, a kink. Whatever floats your boat. There you go. And, Doc, I'm a schoolteacher. I'd appreciate a little patient-doctor confidentiality. Mum's the word. You can pay me for them later. All right. It's been over an hour, and we've got bubkes. [Phone beeping] Doctor Yewll. Yes? Check out Professor Lambert. The Schoolteacher? You sure? Yes. I appreciate the tip. Thank you. Was that a lead? You remember our friend Lambert from the Town Council? Yeah. I'm going to pay him a visit. I will have justice. McCawley : Come on. Hurry up. Breaking and entering. Nice. I don't require a chaperone. Yeah? Well, I think you do. Wow, there's a lot of books. Lambert was once a university professor. I believe he taught philosophy. Yeah, I think I remember that. Books. [Chuckles] You know, there was a point in history where every human on Earth thought paper and ink were becoming obsolete. Humans are foolish, yes. For once, I agree with you. Hey. Hey, Lambert. We got a couple of questions for you. What the... Wigs. [Clattering] Datak. [Both grunting] Please, don't kill me. Hey, the Janus symbol. I don't know it. It means our friend here is a Votan cross-dresser. We go to the club, you know, dress up, pretend to be Votan. It's for fun. It's a kink. The eyes. Where did you get them? I bought them from a doctor. A doctor? Corneas come from cadavers. What doctor? I hate to keep you alive for this, honey... but the cornea stays a lot fresher this way. [Whimpering] [Charge scalpel humming] [Whimpering] I found it in the alley where Rynn disappeared. See anything interesting? Midazolam. Paralytic. Very good. This particular paralytic thickens the blood, which makes it ideal for delicate surgery. You should be looking for a doctor, specifically one with surgical skills. One like, I don't know, you, for example? Not the only doctor in Defiance. You are the biggest liar I know. Stop. You're making me blush. Here is a list of five other surgeons in town. You know, ever since you were released from Camp Reverie, you've been a little squirrely. I'm an Indogene. I'm squirrely by nature. In fact, I'm not even gonna charge you for this visit. How crazy is that? Whoo. [Melancholy music playing] ♪ Sorry about your husband. He's a true Castithan, beautiful but cruel. He's a jerk. He's just being true to his nature. His people are conquerors. Alak does not want to conquer me. Well, not personally, no, but it's a struggle against his DNA. Castithans are better suited for survival than humans, and they know it. They're the next draft of dominant life on Earth, and how frustrating it must be for these elegant, streamlined creatures that grotesque humanity stubbornly endures. Well, this is our planet. A human planet. We were here first. Well, ask the Irathients how that argument worked out for them. Castis conquered their home planet, renamed it "Casti." It's just a matter of time before the same thing happens here. Are you drunk? Indeed. If that's how you feel about Castis, then why are you even in this bar? Why admire them? Why dress like them? Just because the asteroid's coming to kill the dinosaur doesn't mean the dinosaur can't pause and acknowledge the asteroid's beauty. It's in our nature to want to be other than we are. It's what makes humanity great. We are creatures of incredible curiosity. We envy the flight of birds, and we build wings. Born earthbound, we reach for the stars. Never be ashamed of trying to be better than what you are, and cherish the moments you get to spend in a place like this. You can be anything you want here. You're brave, you're strong, you're confident. Every eye here is fixed upon you. Would you do me the great honor of joining me on the dance floor? You don't recognize me, do you? No. Isn't that the point of coming to these things? [Whimpering] [Ominous music] ♪ [Whimpering] [Charge scalpel humming] Drop the blade! [Grunts] [Yells] No! [Grunting] [Gasping] Irisa, move! [Grunts] [Grunting] [Woman grunts] [Panting] Why did you take her eyes? Money. Money? Those dress-up freaks'll pay top scrip for authentic Votan parts, and there are only so many cadavers. Money to do what? Huh? [Whimpering] [Grunts] What could be worth it? Whores, gambling, Blue Devil, perhaps? No. I have a family, a daughter with polio. When they let that Indo doctor out of prison, I lost my office, most of my patients. I did what I had to do. [Yells, whimpers] Please, don't kill me. [Whimpers] Easy, Datak. [Sighs] I promised the wife. [Screaming] [Eyes squelching] [Screaming] Go. I'm okay. No. Go! [Grunts] Hey, keep pressure on it. [Moaning] Oh, hey, Nolan. This is what you call your citizen's arrest. Our friend here had a little accident. Running with scissors? Bad idea. [Dramatic music] ♪ Guess he missed you with those scissors. I got lucky. [Moaning] [Laurel's Fire Breather playing] ♪ 
♪ What does he want from me, oh ♪ 
♪ ♪ We're hanging in the bars ♪ 
♪ Running after cars to get home ♪ 
♪ Wishing on the stars, wonder what you are ♪ I'm so sorry, Alak. What she's doing, it's not right. ♪ No, it's too much ♪ 
♪ Burn my sun ♪ 
♪ Up in flames we go ♪ 
♪ You fire breather ♪ 
♪ Ash and dust on my door ♪ [Laughs] I don't want your money. ♪ Smoke rise ♪ 
♪ Trying to survive inside your heart ♪ I want to be your princess. [Somber music] ♪ It's time we seize the ship. [High-pitched humming] [Eerie humming] [Metallic clicking] [Gasps] [Gasps] What was that? [Somber music] ♪ 
♪ ♪ I have infinite potential ♪ 
♪ Your love can set it free ♪ 
♪ Give me something to be proud of ♪ 
♪ Give me something more than me ♪ 
♪ I want bigger, sleeker, faster ♪ 
♪ I want to hug the curves ♪ 
♪ I yearn for something greater ♪ 
♪ Than one like me deserves ♪ 
♪ Take this child of evolution ♪ 
♪ And raise him to the sky ♪ 
♪ Set free his inner beauty ♪ 
♪ Teach this boy to fly ♪ 
♪ ♪ And when I ascend in glory ♪ 
♪ The gods will know my name ♪ 
♪ We will blow apart this fiction ♪ 
♪ That all are built the same ♪ 
♪ Take this child of evolution ♪ 
♪ And raise him to the sky ♪ 
♪ Set free his inner beauty ♪ 
♪ Teach this boy to fly ♪ [Singing in alien language] ♪ [Moans] [Singing in alien language] ♪ [Moaning] ♪ I want your arms to hold me ♪ 
♪ I want love to overwhelm me ♪ Irzu said she'd kill you if I told you the truth. Let her try. One rule. We live or die together. [Crying] ♪ I want love to overwhelm me ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 