Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x01 - The Pilot - The Originals - The Originals 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x01 - The Pilot - The Originals https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=114&t=7949 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/01/13 11:31 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x01 - The Pilot - The Originals 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [Directors Cut of the Pilot] 
 [Salvatore’s House] 
 (Elena is lying in the cell and starting to desiccate. Damon and Stefan are upstairs)  
 Damon: That's the calmest desiccating vampire I've ever seen. I remember when you starved me down there for 3 days. I would've wept at your feet for an orange peel 
 Stefan: Look, she's not gonna beg for blood. Begging means desperation. Emotion. She's still in no-humanity zone 
 Damon: How hungry does she have to be before we can torture some feelings back into her? 
 Stefan: A lot hungrier than she is now, apparently 
 Damon: So, what are we supposed to do in the meantime? 
 (Katherine enters)  
 Katherine: Maybe I can provide a little excitement 
 Stefan: Katherine 
 Katherine: The one and only. Sort of. So, when's the welcome home party? 
 Damon: Wow. Look who went and got bold. Last time I checked, Klaus was plotting your eternal demise 
 Katherine: Well, it doesn't matter anymore, because Klaus is gone 
 Stefan: Wait. What do you mean he's gone? 
 Katherine: Let's just say that werewolf girl Hayley turned out to be just the thing we needed to get Klaus out of our lives for good 
 [New Orleans] 
 (Haley is at a bar. She looks at the bartender)  
 Bartender: Third time in here this week 
 Haley: I'm obsessed with The Gumbo, Jane-Anne 
 Jane-Anne: The old ladies in the ninth ward say my sister Sophie bleeds a piece of her soul into every dish 
 Haley: I asked around the quarter about my family 
 Jane-Anne: And? 
 Haley: Nothing. Zero. Can't find a single person who remembers them 
 Jane-Anne: Because, Hayley, people like you were run out of here years ago 
 Haley: What do you mean, people like me? 
 Jane-Anne: In the Bayou, they call the werewolves Roux-Ga-Roux. You head out there; you'll find what you're looking for. Be careful. It's the last place you'd ever want to go 
 (Jane-Anne and Sophie are in a cemetery)  
 Sophie: Don't do it. Please. What if I’m wrong about her? 
 Jane-Anne: That's the beauty of you. You're never wrong. She's the only way we're gonna get to Klaus 
 Sophie: Can we get someone else to do the spell? 
 Jane-Anne: Who? Half the witches don't believe you. The other half are too scared 
 Sophie: Because they know we're gonna get caught, Jane-Anne 
 Jane-Anne: We don't have any other option. Now go. You know what you need to do 
 (Haley arrives at the bayou and has a problem with her car)  
 Haley: What the... uhh! Are you kidding me? 
 (She gets out of the car and takes her phone)  
 Haley: Hey, I'm looking for a tow service 
 (A tour guide is leading a bunch of tourists)  
 Tour Guide: Welcome to the dark side of New Orleans, a supernatural playground where the living are easily lost and the dead stick around and play 
 (Klaus smiles)  
 Mystic Falls 
 [Rebekah’s House]  
 Rebekah: New Orleans? What the hell is Klaus doing there? 
 Elijah: Evidently, there are witches conspiring against him. So, knowing our brother, this was a mission to silence and slaughter 
 Rebekah: Well, the French quarter witches are not a lot to be trifled with. You don't suppose they've found a way to kill him once and for all, do you? 
 Elijah: Rebekah, in the name of our family, you might try to dial down your glee 
 Rebekah: What family? We are 3 distrustful acquaintances who happen to share a bloodline. I for one hope they've found a way to make that traitorous b*st*rd rot 
 [New Orleans] 
 (Klaus sees a woman and goes to her)  
 Klaus: Good afternoon. Time for one more? 
 Woman: I have nothing to say to you 
 Klaus: Oh, now, that's not very amiable, is it? You don't even know me 
 Woman: I know what you are. Half-vampire, half-beast. You're the hybrid 
 Klaus: I'm the original hybrid, actually, but that's a long story for another time 
 Mystic Falls 
 [Rebekah’s House] 
 Rebekah: Where are you going? 
 Elijah: To find out who's making a move against our brother, and then... I'll either stop them, or I'll help them. Depending on my mood 
 (He leaves)  
 [New Orleans] 
 Klaus: I'm looking for someone. A witch. Perhaps you might be able to help me find her. Jane-Anne Deveraux 
 Woman: Sorry. I don't know 
 Klaus: Well, now, that's a fib, isn't it? Now, you see... I know that you're a true witch amongst this sea of poseurs. So, enough with the fabrications. I've quite a temper 
 Woman: Witches don't talk Outta School in the quarter. The vampire won't allow it. Those are the rules. I don't break Marcel's rules 
 Klaus: Marcel's rules? Where do you suppose I might find Marcel? 
 (Marcel is singing in a bar. When he stops, he goes to the bar and sees Klaus)  
 Marcel: Klaus 
 Klaus: Marcel 
 Marcel: Must be 100 years since that nasty business with your papa 
 Klaus: Has it been that long? 
 Marcel: Way I recall it, he ran you out of town. Left a trail of dead vampires in his wake 
 Klaus: And yet how fortunate you managed to survive. My father, I'm afraid, I recently incinerated to dust 
 Marcel: Well, if I'd known you were coming back in town, if I had a heads-up... 
 Klaus: What, Marcel? What would you have done? 
 Marcel: I'd have thrown you a damn parade. Niklaus Mikaelson. My mentor, my savior, my sire. Let's get you a drink. It is good to see you 
 Klaus: It's good to be home. Although please tell me the current state of bourbon street is not your doing 
 Marcel: Ha ha ha ha! Something's gotta draw in the out-of-towners; otherwise, we'd all go hungry 
 Klaus: I see your friends are daywalkers 
 Marcel: Yeah, yeah, I shared the secret of your daylight ring with a few buddies. Just the inner circle, though. The family 
 Klaus: Tell me. How did you find a witch willing to make daylight rings? 
 Marcel: I got the witches here wrapped around my finger 
 Klaus: Is that so? I'm looking for a witch by the name of Jane-Anne Deveraux. Has some business with me 
 Marcel: Looking for Jane-Anne? Then you probably ought to come with me. Ha ha! Showtime! 
 (Marcel and Klaus are outside. A crowd gathers)  
 Marcel: How's the family? 
 Klaus: Those who live hate me more than ever 
 Marcel: Forget them. If your blood relations let you down, you make your own, huh? You taught me that. And what's mine is yours, as always. Even my nightwalkers, the riff-raff 
 Klaus: They're hardly subtle, are they? 
 Marcel: It's the quarter. Ain't no such thing as subtle, baby 
 (Marcel’s mignons bring Jane-Anne)  
 Marcel: Jane-Anne Deveraux. Give it up for Jane-Anne. Come on. Jane-Anne Deveraux, you have been accused of the practice of witchcraft beyond the bounds of the rules set forth and enforced by me. How do you plead? Oh. Was that convincing? I studied law back in the fifties. It's all I know. Seriously, J, tick tock. You know the drill. How do you plead? 
 Jane-Anne: I didn't do anything 
 Marcel: That's a lie. You know it, I know it, and you hate that I know it. It drives you witches crazy that I'm aware of your every move. That you can't do magic in this town without getting caught. So, why don't we just cut to the chase, huh? You tell me what magic you're brewing. Tell me. I'll grant you leniency. Hey, I am, after all, a merciful man 
 Jane-Anne: Rot in hell, monster 
 Marcel: I'll tell you what. I'll give you one more chance. Or not 
 (He kills her. Klaus rejoins him)  
 Klaus: What was that? 
 Marcel: Hey. Come walk with me. Witches aren't allowed to do magic here. She broke the rules 
 Klaus: I told you I wanted to talk to her 
 Marcel: Hey, I'm sorry. I got caught up in the show. Those witches, they think that they still have power in this town. I have to show them that they don't. I never waste an opportunity for a show of force. Another lesson that I learned from you. And besides, anything that you could've gotten out of her, I can find out for you, and I will. I promise 
 Klaus: Well, whatever it was, doesn't matter anymore, does it? 
 Marcel: Good. Then let's eat, because all that spilled blood makes me hungry 
 (He leaves. Klaus talks to one of Marcel’s minions)  
 Klaus: Hey. Thierry, isn't it? Any more Deveraux witches where she came from? 
 (Sophie is cooking. She turns herself. Klaus is here)  
 Sophie: You're Klaus 
 Klaus: I am. And you're upset. Sophie, isn't it? I assume this is because of what I just witnessed with your sister on the corner of Royal and St. Ann 
 Sophie: Did you enjoy the show? 
 Klaus: It was a little melodramatic for my tastes. What did your sister want with me? Why did Marcel kill her? 
 Sophie: I see you brought friends 
 Klaus: They're not with me 
 Sophie: They're with Marcel. That's all that matters. I know you built this town, but this is his town now. He killed my sister because she broke the rules. So, I talk to you in front of them, I'm next 
 (He rejoins the 2 men at the bar)  
 Klaus: Are you two gentlemen following me? 
 Man: Marcel said we're your guides 
 Klaus: Oh, he did, did he? Well, then, let me be exceedingly clear about something. If either of you following me again, you'll do so without the benefit of a spine 
 (The waitress rejoins them)  
 Camille: Sorry for the wait. If you're here for the gumbo, I'm about to break your heart. We just ran out 
 Klaus: Your oldest scotch for my two friends here, love. Marcel wants to know what I'm up to, he can ask me himself 
 (Sophie is outside, alone. She hears a door close and the men who were inside are here)  
 Sophie: The doors work, you know 
 Man: You doing magic? 
 Sophie: I'm praying to my dead sister. Go ahead. Pay your respects 
 Man:. Don't make this a thing, Sophie. The hybrid was looking for Jane-Anne. Marcel wants to know why 
 Sophie: Oh, that sounds like witch business. I'd say ask her yourself, but I guess you can't seeing as how Marcel killed her 
 (They’re about to kill her but Elijah intervenes and kills them)  
 Elijah: I’m Elijah. You've heard of me? 
 Sophie: Yes 
 Elijah: So, why don't you tell me what business your family has with my brother? 
 (Klaus arrives at a party, looking for Marcel. He catches one of his men)  
 Klaus: Where's Marcel? 
 Man: Who the hell's asking? 
 Klaus: I assume you're joking 
 Man: I only answer to Marcel 
 Klaus: Well, then, in that case, perhaps you'll answer to this. You're aware the bite of a werewolf can kill a vampire? Well, as you can see, I'm half-werewolf, so I'm gonna ask you one more time! Where is Marcel? 
 (Marcel arrives)  
 Marcel: H-hey. I'm right here. I'm right here. Easy, now. Diego's just looking out for me. Nobody harms my 
 guys. Those are the rules 
 Klaus: I don't care about your rules, Marcel. I don't need chaperones. Why are you having me followed? 
 Marcel: Come here. I get it, huh? Show of force. You made your point. Let it go, friend. For me 
 Klaus: Fine. Why don't you show me what you've done with the place while you explain exactly what it is you've been up to in my town? 
 Marcel: Follow me 
 (Marcel and Klaus are on a balcony)  
 Marcel: Look at that skyline. That there, that's progress. More hotels, more tourists, more fresh blood. And the humans? I taught them to look the other way 
 Klaus: And what of the witches? In my time, they were a force to be reckoned with, and now they live in fear. How do you know when they're using magic? 
 Marcel: Maybe I got a secret weapon, an ace up my sleeve, something that gives me complete control over all the magic in this town 
 Klaus: Hmm. Is that a fact? 
 Marcel: Might be. Or maybe I'm just bluffing 
 (He eats something)  
 Klaus: You take vervain? 
 Marcel: 'Burns like a bitch. But I figure I should limit the number of things I'm vulnerable to. Don't be mad about that chaperone thing. I told my guys to look out for you, that's all. That's what we do here... Look out for each other 
 (They see Camille walking alone)  
 Marcel: Mmmmm. New blood 
 Klaus: The bartender, walking alone at night. She's either brave or dumb 
 Marcel: Let's see. Brave, I let her live, Let's see. Brave, I let her live, dumb, she's dessert 
 (He jumps above the balcony and lands behind Camille)  
 Marcel: You know, it's not safe here alone 
 Camille: You know, I have a black belt in karate 
 (Klaus looks at them. Elijah’s here)  
 Klaus: Evening, Elijah 
 Elijah: Niklaus 
 Klaus: What an entirely unwelcome surprise 
 Elijah: And what an entirely unsurprising welcome. Come with me 
 Klaus: I'm not going anywhere. Not until I find out who's conspiring against me 
 Elijah: I believe I just found that out for you 
 (Klaus and Elijah are in a cemetery)  
 Klaus: What are we doing here? 
 Elijah: Want to know what the witches have in store for you? Follow me 
 (They enter a crypt. Sophie is waiting for them)  
 Klaus: Sophie Deveraux. What is this? 
 Elijah: He's all yours. Proceed 
 Sophie: You know you're famous in this town? Witches tell bedtime stories about the powerful vampire Klaus. We know Marcel was nothing but an orphaned street rat until you made him what he is. And now he's out of control. He does what he wants. He kills who he wants. I'm gonna stop him... And you're gonna help me 
 (Klaus looks at Elijah)  
 Klaus: This is why you brought me here 
 Elijah: Hear her out 
 Klaus: I don't need to hear her out. I assure you, love, there is not a thing on this earth that will matter enough for me to waste even 30 more seconds of my time 
 Klaus: Elijah, what madness is this? 
 (Haley enters)  
 Haley: Klaus… You need to listen to them 
 Klaus: You're all out of your minds if you think some liquor-fueled one-night stand... No offense, sweetheart... Means a thing to me 
 Sophie: Marcel may be able to keep us from practicing real magic in this town, but as keepers of the balance, we still know when nature has cooked up something new. For example, I have a special gift, of sensing when a girl is pregnant 
 Klaus: What? 
 Haley: I know. It's impossible 
 Klaus: What are you saying? 
 Elijah: Niklaus… The girl is carrying your child 
 Klaus: No. It's impossible. Vampires cannot procreate 
 Sophie: But werewolves can. Magic made you a vampire, but you were born a werewolf. You're the original hybrid, the first of your kind, and this pregnancy is one of nature's loopholes 
 Klaus: You've been with someone else. Admit it! 
 Haley: Hey. I spent days held captive in a freakin' alligator bayou because they think that I'm carrying some magical miracle baby. Don't you think I would've fessed up if it wasn't yours? 
 Sophie: My sister gave her life to perform the spell she needed to confirm this pregnancy. Because of Jane-Anne's sacrifice, the lives of this girl and her baby are now controlled by us. If you don't help us take down Marcel, so help me, Hayley won't live long enough to see her first maternity dress 
 Haley: Wait, what? 
 Elijah: Enough of this, if you want Marcel dead, he's dead. I'll do it myself 
 Sophie: No. We can't. Not yet. We have a clear plan that we need to follow and there are rules 
 Klaus: How dare you command me? Threaten me with what you wrongfully perceive to be my weaknesses? I won't hear any more lies 
 Elijah: Niklaus. Listen 
 (They hear the baby’s heartbeat)  
 Klaus: Kill her and the baby. What do I care? 
 (He leaves)  
 
 
 
 (Elijah rejoins Klaus)  
 Elijah: Niklaus 
 Klaus: it's a trick, Elijah 
 Elijah: No, brother. It's a gift. It's your chance. It's our chance 
 Klaus: To what? 
 Elijah: To start over. Take back everything we lost. Everything that was taken from us. Niklaus, our own parents came to despise us. Our family was ruined, we were ruined, and since then, all that you have ever wanted, all that we have ever wanted, was a family 
 Klaus: I will not be manipulated 
 Elijah: So, they're manipulating you. So what? With them, this girl and her child, your child... live 
 Klaus: I'm gonna kill every last one of them 
 Elijah: And then what? Then you return to Mystic Fall to resume your life as the hated one, as the evil hybrid? Is it so important to you that people quake with fear at the sound of your name? 
 Klaus: People quake with fear because I have the power to make them afraid. What will this child offer me? Will it guarantee me power? 
 Elijah: Family is power, Niklaus. Love, loyalty. It's power. This is what we swore to one another a thousand years ago, before life tore away what little humanity you had left, before ego, before anger, before paranoia created this person before me... Someone I can barely even recognize as my own brother. This is us. The Original family. We remain together, always and forever. I am asking you to stay here. I will help you and I will stand by you. I will be your brother. We will build a home here together. So, save this girl Save your child 
 Klaus: No 
 Mystic Falls 
 [Rebekah’s House] 
 (Rebekah is on the phone with Elijah)  
 Elijah: He's doing what he does. Given a chance at happiness, Klaus runs in the opposite direction 
 Rebekah: Then let him run. That child, if it's even his, is better off without him 
 Elijah: He's not better off without that child, Rebekah, and neither are we 
 Rebekah: Darling, kind Elijah. Our brother rarely brings us anything but pain. At what point in your immortal life will you stop searching for his redemption? 
 Elijah: I'll stop searching for his redemption when I believe there is none left to be found 
 (She hangs up. Katherine is here) 
 Rebekah: I'd give you a play-by-play, but you have the air of someone who's been lurking and listening 
 Katherine: He'll come around. You know Elijah. He won't stop until he's convinced Klaus to do the right thing 
 Rebekah: I know you consider yourself an expert in brotherly dynamics, but you don't know my brothers half as well as you think you do 
 Katherine: You're wrong. Klaus won't be able to walk away from this. He and I are the same. We manipulate, we thirst for power, we control, we punish, but our actions are driven by one singular place deep inside 
 Rebekah: And what's that? 
 Katherine: We're alone. And we hate it. Tell Elijah to call me when he comes home. I’ll be waiting for him 
 (She leaves)  
 [New Orleans] 
 (Klaus goes back to the party and rejoins Marcel)  
 Marcel: Hey, man. Where'd you run off to? 
 Klaus: You mean your minions aren't still documenting my every move? 
 Marcel: Someone put you in a mood. What can I do? 
 Klaus: What you can do is you can tell me what this thing is you have with the witches 
 Marcel: We’re back to that? 
 Klaus: Yeah, we’re back to that 
 Marcel: You know I owe you everything I got, but I'm afraid I have to draw the line on this one. This is my business. I control the witches in my town. Let's just leave it at that 
 Klaus: Your town? 
 Marcel: Damn straight 
 Klaus: That's funny. Because when I left 100 years ago, you were just a pathetic little scrapper still trembling from the lashes of the whips of those who would keep you down, and now look at you. Master of your domain. Prince of the city. I'd like to know how 
 Marcel: Why? Jealous? Hey man, I get it. 300 years ago, you helped build a backwater penal colony into something. You started it, but then you left. Actually, you ran from it. I saw it through. Look around. Vampires rule this city now. We don't have to live in the shadows like rats. The locals know their place. They look the other way. I got rid of the werewolves. I even found a way to shut down the witches. The blood never stops flowing and the party never ends. You want to pass on through? You want to stay a while? Great. What's mine is yours, but it is mine. My home, my family, my rules 
 Klaus: And if someone breaks those rules? 
 Marcel: They die. Mercy is for the weak. You taught me that, too. And I'm not the Prince of the quarter, friend. I'm the King! Show me some respect 
 (Klaus loses his temper and bites one of his minions)  
 Klaus: Your friend will be dead by the weekend. Which means I've broken one of your rules. And yet I cannot be killed. I am immortal. Who has the power now, friend? 
 (He leaves)  
 (Camille looks at a painting. Klaus rejoins her)  
 Camille: The hundred dollar guy 
 Klaus: The brave bartender. Camille. That's a French name 
 Camille: It's a grandma's name. Call me Cami. Amazing, isn't he? 
 Klaus: Do you paint? 
 Camille: No, but I admire. Every artist has a story, you know 
 Klaus: And what do you suppose his story is? 
 Camille: He's... angry. Dark. Doesn't feel safe and doesn't know what to do about it. He wishes he could control his demons instead of having his demons control him. He’s lost, alone. Or... maybe he just drank too much tonight. Sorry. Overzealous psych major 
 Klaus: No. I think you were probably right the first time 
 Camille: So… 
 (Klaus has disappeared)  
 (Klaus is sitting alone on a bench. Elijah rejoins him and sits down next to him)  
 Klaus: Are you here to give me another pep talk on the joys of fatherhood? 
 Elijah: I've said all I needed to say 
 Klaus: I forgot how much I liked this town 
 Elijah: I didn't forget. All the centuries we've spent together and yet I can count on one hand the number of times that our family has been truly happy. I hated leaving here 
 Klaus: As did I 
 Elijah: What is on your mind, brother? 
 Klaus: For a thousand years, I lived in fear. Any time I settled anywhere, our father would hunt me down and... chase me off. He made me feel powerless, and I hated it. This town was my home once, and in my absence, Marcel has gotten everything that I ever wanted. Power, loyalty, family. I made him in my image and he has bettered me. I want what he has. I want to be King 
 Elijah: And what of Hayley and the baby? 
 Klaus: Every King needs an heir 
 (Elijah is walking in the cemetery with Sophie)  
 Elijah: So, how do you propose this will work? 
 Sophie: Your brother needs to cement his place in Marcel's world. His inner circle, the daywalkers... That's where we begin. They're his friends. His family. We'll be hitting him where it hurts 
 (Thierry is sick. Everyone is gathered around him, including Marcel. Klaus enters)  
 Klaus: I had time to sleep on it last night. I'm not your enemy. Where my family and I failed this town... Marcel succeeded. My blood will heal him. As though it never happened. The quarter is your home, but I would like to stay a while, if I'm still welcome 
 (There’s a parade. Klaus looks at it and calls someone)  
 Klaus: Caroline. I'm standing in one of my favorite places in the world, surrounded by food, music, art, culture, and all I can think about is how much I want to show it to you. Maybe one day you'll let me 
 Mystic Falls 
 [Rebekah’s House] 
 (Rebekah is with Elijah)  
 Rebekah: So, that's it? I'm just supposed to pack up my things and leave for good? Forget my life here and my pursuit of the cure? 
 Elijah: The cure was a fool's errand. I mean, taking it would've stripped you of everything you are for what? More High School proms? 
 Rebekah: I wanted to be human. I wanted children and a family 
 Elijah: And I stand before you to offer you both 
 Rebekah: And if I decide against you? A dagger in my heart and then back in a box? 
 Elijah: I’ve made my case. Your family needs you. And what choice you make right now is your own 
 Rebekah: I owe him nothing. I wish him no joy. No love. I will stay here and live my life the way I want to, and if you're smart, I suggest you do the same 
 (She leaves. He turns himself. Katherine is here)  
 Katherine: She's right. Be smart, Elijah. Klaus is stark raving mad, not to mention completely irredeemable. Leave him to set off on this new adventure and lets you and I go out on ours. I have lost so much of my life to Klaus. So have you. It's our turn. Elijah, please 
 Elijah: Katerina… Good bye 
 (He leaves)  
 [Salvatore’s House] 
 (Elena is still in the cell. Stefan and Damon enter)  
 Damon: You look terrible 
 Elena: I'm hungry. Not that you care 
 Damon: But I do. That's the whole point. I do care. You don't care. It's about time for that to change 
 (He gives her a blood bag and she drinks)  
 Elena: Vervain 
 Damon: How does that make you feel? Hurt because I'd betray you? Angry because I'd cause you pain? Or scared? Because you know it's gonna get a lot worse? 
 Elena: You boys want to play games? Go ahead. Let's see who breaks first. Me… or you 
 Ecrit par popo34000 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 