Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x03 - The Legend of Curtis Ballard - Legends 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x03 - The Legend of Curtis Ballard https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=475&t=23980 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 11/24/15 18:54 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x03 - The Legend of Curtis Ballard 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Legends"... 
 Martin's been framed for murder. 
 I convince him to surrender to you. 
 You protect Martin from the FBI. 
 But what about you, Curtis? 
 What brings you back to Prague? 
 How much did my brother and I pay you? 
 I will take care of it. 
 Please, I beg you. 
 Dmitry just saved my life. 
 I don't remember my real father. 
 You took care of me and my mum after he died. 
 Do you mind carrying my backpack through? 
 Kate's in trouble. She's on her way to Paris with some kid who's gonna martyr himself. 
 Watch the bumps, eh? 
 You still alive in there? 
 Were you aiming for the bumps? 
 All right, look, Paris is about 300 clicks. 
 We gotta ditch this car and find us a new ride. 
 Nina's gonna be on our ass, so we gotta move. 
 There's no "we." 
 What are you talking about? 
 You got me across the border. 
 I can get to Paris on my own. I know where Kate's going. 
 Martin, you got an address off your kid's computer, and a hunch he's a terrorist. 
 Maybe Kate's with him, maybe she isn't, but the truth is you don't know what the hell you're walking into. 
 All the more reason you should go home to your family. 
 Get your life back together. 
 They'll be plenty of time for that. 
 Well, if you get caught... 
 I've already aided and abetted you, Martin. 
 Too late to back out now. 
 Look... we gotta stick to the back roads. 
 Not as many cameras. Less chance for Nina to trace us. 
 Let's go. 
 Hardy : We got a passport hit. 
 Where? 
 Calais. 
 Tony Rice entered France 20 minutes ago. 
 How'd we miss him? 
 Rice is your guy. This is on you. 
 (sighing): Okay. Tony had asked us to pull a kid off a train. 
 At Martin's request. 
 The kid was clean. 
 Why go after him? 
 We must have missed something. 
 Why else would a guy wanted for capital murder walk away from protection? 
 All I care about is bringing them in before this whole thing goes to hell. 
 (inhales) Okay, we find Tony... we find Martin. 
 Call the French police, tell them to flag any stolen vehicles between Calais and Paris. 
 Tony's smart... first thing he's gonna do is switch up his ride. 
 (engine clicking, then starting) 
 (engine revving) 
 (tires screech, engine revs) 
 (man praying in Arabic over P.A.) 
 Woman : Thanks again for letting us stay. 
 You're very welcome. 
 I told my students about your demonstration. 
 Some of them want to come show their support. 
 That's brilliant. Thank you. 
 I've never been to Paris. 
 We were hoping to do some sightseeing before the protest tomorrow. 
 Any suggestions? 
 Jamal tells me you just recently converted. 
 May I ask how that came about? 
 I found out my parents were from Chechnya, but my Mum kept it secret. 
 I realized my whole life was a lie. 
 I make my own decisions now. 
 What does your Mum think about the new path you've chosen? 
 I don't really care. 
 Well, the Holy Quran says "You should be kind to your parents, say not a word to them of contempt, not repel them, but address them in terms of honor." 
 Isn't Ifti coming to breakfast? 
 (high-pitched tone) 
 (people screaming, shouting) 
 (knocking on door) 
 Ifti? 
 Just a sec. 
 What's keeping you? 
 Nothing. 
 I'm ready now. 
 Show me why I'm here. 
 (groans) 
 I put hidden compartments in three trucks. 
 More if you like. 
 Depends on amount of product you wish to move. 
 Safer this way. 
 Can you make them bigger? 
 However big you need. 
 Can you get trucks to Chechnya? 
 I know who to pay, how much to get trucks over border. 
 What are we moving? 
 (chuckles) 
 Martin : AKs, RPGs. 
 We were right. 
 Doku's selling drugs to buy weapons... 
 Enough to arm an entire brigade of Chechen rebels. 
 Orders from General Arsanov, no doubt. 
 How are things with Doku's brother? 
 Ah, he keeps Tamir at arm's length from the business. 
 No intel to be gained from him. 
 Well, befriending Tamir wasn't a total waste of time... it got you in. 
 I sent the boys shopping. 
 (chuckles) 
 (snapping fingers) 
 Audio's good. 
 Pull up a chair, old chap. 
 Enjoy the show. 
 Rice : Have you thought about what you're gonna say to the girl when you find her? 
 The important thing is to make sure she's safe. 
 (tires squealing) 
 (siren wailing) 
 So much for the back roads. 
 (tires squealing) 
 (siren wailing) 
 (siren wailing) 
 Hang on. 
 I'm hanging. 
 (police officer speaking indistinctly over P.A.) 
 (tires squeal, engine revs) 
 (speaking French) 
 Come on, let's go home. 
 Oh, my feet are killing me. 
 The hell with these people! 
 You shouldn't say "hell." 
 18 months of knocking on doors, pounding the pavement, and what do we have to show for it? 
 I think I need new insoles. 
 18 months, Hanson. 
 We haven't baptise a single soul. 
 What's the point? 
 The work we're doing is holy. 
 Have faith. 
 Woman : Hey, Bible boys. 
 Teach us how to pray. 
 Yeah, we get down on our knees for you. 
 (woman laughs) 
 Let's go, Elder. 
 Why are you both called Elder? 
 It's a title. 
 We give up our first names for two years in the service of God. 
 It's a pretty strict rule. 
 And you follow all the rules... 
 Elder Ballard? 
 Hanson : Come on, Ballard. 
 Ballard? 
 Ballard! 
 Ballard? 
 Ballard? 
 Oh, I, uh, I told you, I don't drink coffee. 
 It's a good thing I brought you cocoa. 
 (chuckles) 
 All right. 
 You know there's the slightest bit of caffeine in chocolate? 
 Yeah. 
 I walk on the wild side. 
 (both laughing) 
 He's ready for you in two. 
 (chuckles) 
 What did he say? 
 A man picked up Jaros from his bar. 
 What man? 
 We have a witness who saw you pick up Janic in a car. 
 Who saw Dmitry beat the crap out of Janic. 
 Then, a few days later, we find him with a hole in his head. 
 So who pulled the trigger, Tamir? 
 Was it Dmitry? 
 Your brother? You? 
 I-I tell you, I don't know. 
 (keypad beeping, lock clicks) 
 He's sweating like a pig. 
 He's nervous. 
 He's an addict. 
 I say we let him get sick, then offer him some medicine. 
 (chuckles) I'm not giving drugs to a druggie. 
 Do you want to nail Petrovich or not? 
 Hanson : Give us strength to overcome worldly temptation. 
 In the name of Jesus Christ. 
 Amen. 
 Amen. 
 Hanson. 
 I've been thinking. 
 Those girls, maybe there's a reason we keep running into them. 
 Maybe it's because they work the same street corner every day? 
 I think we can save them. 
 They're prostitutes. 
 So? I think their hearts are open to us. 
 I think something of theirs is open to us. 
 Do you think they want to be doing what they're doing? 
 They do it because they're desperate, sad and lost, and we can help them. 
 We can show them the way to a better life. 
 You told me to have faith. 
 Yeah. 
 Blazek : We were reluctant. 
 Working together, we didn't want any gossip. Gabi : But it started anyway. So I thought, since everyone knew, why not make it official? He proposed on the Charles Bridge. Original, right? Yeah. Um... (clears throat) Gabi said on the phone you had some important information for me about Dmitry Petrovich? The night you and Gabi had Dmitry in custody, I got a call from Czech Intelligence. I was told to let him walk. They wouldn't give me any details at the time, but I found out later that he was a part of a British operation. MI6. Dmitry was one of theirs. Did you know about this? He only told me last night. I'm sorry I couldn't tell you at the time. I was following orders. I know what Dmitry did to you. (sighs) So what if he's working for Six? Doesn't change the fact that he's a murderer and a drug smuggler, and he flaunted it! What was the operation? I don't know. Who else was involved? I've told you everything. You sure about that? Curtis... The only reason I choose to tell you, Ballard, is because I thought it will help you to move on. But do what you will. You always have. (door opens, closes) Rice : Get out the car. What are you talking about? There's a better chance of one of us making it to Paris than both of us. Tony. Martin, the cops are looking for this car. If I turn myself in, it'll put their focus on me long enough for you to hop a train to Paris. No. Give me your phone. Why? I'm giving you Nina's number. You get into a jam, you call her. She put the cops on us. She was just doing her job, Martin. She's one of the good ones. You can trust her. Thanks, Tony. For everything. You get to Paris and save the day. That's how you thank me. (handcuffs clicking) Hardy : Well, they have Tony. What about Martin? (sighs) I'm sorry, Nina, but I'm gonna have to get my chief involved. Let me talk to Tony. Give me 24 hours. If we don't find Martin, then we go to our bosses with our hats in hand. But until then, man the hell up. (horse whinnying) BALLARD: Look at this place. You've done really well for yourself, Gabi. Great house, great job, and great husband. I'm sorry I didn't warn you. Blazek wanted to tell you in person. You've been married to that guy for ten years. He never told you the truth? What else do you think he isn't telling you? He was following orders. Yeah, so were the Nazis. Are you calling my husband a Nazi? (scoffs) I'm going to call you a cab. You're a good investigator, Gabi. You must know there's something wrong with all of this. Hanson : Regardless of what you've done in the past,  great blessings are available to you if you begin now to live the law of chastity. Would you boys like a drink? Oh, um, no, thank you. Drinking is against our religion. I'll have a drink. Have you lost your mind? I can't take this anymore, Hanson. The preaching, the praying, the curfews, the rules... We're 19 years old. We should be in college. We should be going to parties. We should be getting laid. We should be leaving. I need this, Hanson. No, you don't. Ah. (chuckles) (sighs) Curtis... (sighs) So, uh, do I...? You pay first. Uh, this is all I got. This will do. ♪ 
♪ (sighs) (Ballard sighs) (exhales) ♪ Farrah : Aw, you two are so cute together. (phone clicks) (Farrah giggles) (phone buzzes) Farrah : Uh-oh. Parent police. Ilyana : Kate, please call me. I don't want to fight, I just want to know you are okay. I love you. Everything okay? Want to go for a walk? Sure. 
 
 Kate : Maybe I should call my mum. She'll only make you feel worse. You're doing what you should be doing, following your spiritual calling. You're embracing your faith. (giggles) Why are you laughing? Just wasn't expecting you to eat my face off like that. It's okay. I liked it. We should get married. You're serious? Before the protest tomorrow. Let's get married. Look, Ifti, I really like you, but... I'm barely 18. I-I don't want to get married. Can't we just have some fun? You're filling my mind with unholy thoughts. It's okay to have the hots for someone. It's not a bad thing. I'm glad you feel that way about me. Look, I said we can't. I know our religion says... "Our religion"? What, you think you can put on a headscarf and go to a mosque a few times and you're a Muslim? Why are you acting like this? You're a slag. Kate : He's like Jekyll and Hyde. One minute, he's this sweet guy, the next minute, he's calling me a slag. I shouldn't have kissed him, that doesn't give him the right to treat me like dirt. Farrah : Of course it doesn't. But you have to understand, Ifti's not a typical boy. He's a devout Muslim. He definitely fancies you, but he can't do anything about it. Can you imagine how frustrating that would be? Yeah, it's definitely frustrating. So of course he's gonna get down on one knee. It's the only way he can get you into bed. But he should not have called you a slag. I'm definitely gonna take the piss out of him for that. Watch the wife. I'm going to the market. Not without covering your head. If you want to leave this house, you will wear your hijab. I'm sorry, Doku, no. I don't like what it represents or the man you are becoming. And what... kind of man is that? You've become strict and narrow. We left Chechnya for a better life. To raise children in freedom. And now we see that the world we have come to is vile and corrupt. We need to protect our daughter. And you need to set an example. I don't want our daughter growing up thinking she's less than a man. That she has to hide her face, that she cannot have her own thoughts and dreams. (Ilyana sobbing) He's a charmer. I don't want to be here anymore. I'm going to leave and I'm taking Katya with me! I'll kill you if you take her away from me. You will wear your headscarf when you leave this house. Martin : She's our in. She wants to leave her husband. She's perfect. But is she up to the task? She's ready to do anything to save her daughter. Even spy on her husband? Doku's planning to move an arsenal and we're nowhere near finding the general. If there's a chance this woman can get us some information, then we need to take it. If he finds out, he will most certainly kill her. Can you live with that? (fist pounding) (panting) (lock keypad beeping) Gabi : Tamir... I want to help you. But first, you need to help us. Who killed Jaros? Who killed Jaros? I don't know. I think you do know. Tell us, Tamir. You don't have to suffer. Dmitry... Dmitry killed Jaros? Tamir : Not Jaros... other guy. He shot him right in front of me. I swear. Now, I helped you, yes? Not until you answer some more questions. Let's go. You did not pay for Toma. Yeah, we didn't do anything. Oksana : You pay for her time. You've got to be kidding me. Just pay her, Hanson. No, I'm not paying for a whore. Just pay her, goddamn it! I don't have any money. You cannot pay? We'll go to an ATM. What? No. They're robbing us. Come on! Come back, you bastards! Ow! Ow, ow, ow. Ow. Hey, Elder, stop. I think one of my blisters popped. Hanson, we gotta go. Man : Bible Boys! That's you, yes? Why you no pay my girls? Listen, this is just a big misunderstanding. Okay? Oh! I want my money. Hanson : Leave him alone! Hanson! (grunts) (groaning) (engine revs, tires squeal) (Hanson coughs) (Ballard shouts in Lithuanian) Heavenly Father, please don't punish him, it wasn't his fault, it was mine. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. (crying): I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry... (sharp knocking at door) (Ballard grunts sleepily) (knocking continues) What do you want? These are the case files from the Dmitry investigation... Everything we compiled back in 2001. Surveillance photos and logs, arrest reports... also, Krystof's reports, and everything else that was gathered after we were off the case. I dug them out of storage last night. It was cold and smelly down there, so I hope you appreciate this. Listen, I'm sorry about yesterday. I was, um... A prick? (wry laugh) I assume you drink coffee now? Oh, hell, yes. Rice : Thanks for getting me out. Nina : Yeah, sure. Now, where's Martin? The deal we made with Six to protect him... That still stand? Tell me where I can find him, and I'll do everything I can. All right, like I said, Martin thinks this kid Ifti's gonna martyr himself. Any idea how, where, when? All he's got is some address in Paris. And that's where he's going... look, Nina, if Martin's convinced that something big is gonna happen, then we are wasting our time here, okay? We gotta go help him. Tony... There's no "we." You know, that's the second time in the last two days I've heard that. Maybe you should've listened the first time. I'm coming with you. Let's go. The French police called the FBI when they checked out your credentials. They're sending you back to the States. I'm sorry. Make sure it wasn't all for nothing. And I'm sorry if... if I got you in trouble. You were always trouble. Tell me where to find Martin. (locomotive horn blaring) (brakes squeaking) (group agreeing in French) You weren't at breakfast again. I was taking a walk. I was cruel to you. I see that now. I'm sorry. Please forgive me. Of course. (car horn honking) Talk about it after? Sure, after. I'm, uh, I'm looking for Kate Crawford. Is she here? Who are you? Her stepfather. Kate's not here right now. Would you like to come in? Thank you. I was supposed to meet her, but she never turned up. I was, I was worried. Meet her where? Is she with, uh, Ifti? She never mentioned a stepfather. Look, I've... I used to be very close to her. And, uh, I've been away for a long time. She's very important to me. Please, if you know where she is... She's at the protest. What protest? At the school. Well, what's it about? The anti-Islamic laws that persecute us for our beliefs. Do you have a car? Yes, why? We need to get to the school now. Call the police. Yeah, what's going on?! It's a peaceful protest. Tell them a boy at the school is gonna martyr himself. (protestors chanting) (chanting continues) (chanting continues) Hey, piss off! Young Imam : Oh, no, no, no, no! (all shouting) (siren approaching) Leave her alone! No, no, no, no, no, no! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! (indistinct shouting) (screaming, clamoring) (tires screech) ♪ (clicks, whines) (police speaking French over loudspeaker) Kate! Kate Crawford! Kate! (crowd chanting, clamoring) Allahu Akbar! (woman screams) (crowd screaming, clamoring) ♪ Everybody has to fly ♪ 
♪ Everybody ♪ 
♪ Has to fly ♪ 
♪ Everybody ♪ 
♪ Has to fly... ♪ (crowd clamoring) Kate? Are you hurt? (police whistle blowing) (crying) Hey, you're bleeding. It's all my fault. No. Come on... (siren wailing) (engine revs, tires screech) (siren wailing in distance) Young Ballard : It's all my fault. If only I'd believed in the mission more. It's not your fault Hanson died. It was a mugging. It was a random crime. God gave us free will, Elder. That means, unfortunately, bad people do bad things. And sometimes they get away with it. Are the police still looking for him? The man who killed Hanson? True justice will be served in the next life. I've been thinking. I want to be an instrument for justice in this life. (door closes) (indistinct chatter) May I help? Uh, uh... Thank you. I fell in the kitchen. What's her name? Katya. Hello, Katya. You like ice cream? (speaks Czech) Mm-hmm. (Martin speaks Czech) please. Thank you. (laughs) You like? (Katya speaks Czech) I think you've made a friend. (laughs) Stay down. Put pressure on it. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 