Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x10 - The Legend of Alexei Volkov - Legends 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x10 - The Legend of Alexei Volkov https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=475&t=24418 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/29/15 10:50 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x10 - The Legend of Alexei Volkov 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 (footsteps approaching) 
 (knocking) 
 The car's here. 
 My one regret: I never got to see Mick Jones in the 53rd minute make a hard cross to Allan Clarke, the "Sniffer," who headed the ball home. 
 Sixth of May, 1972. 
 The only time Leeds United won the Cup. 
 Thank you, Mr. Sedley. 
 Aren't you excited about starting university? 
 Oh, yes, sir. 
 But before I go, I want to see my family. 
 ♪ 
 (man speaks Russian) 
 (dog barking) 
 ♪ ♪ ♪ 
 Alexei? 
 Ivanenko : Your real name is Alexei Volkov. 
 The hell are you talking about? 
 You were born on April 18, 1963, in Rzhev, outside Moscow. 
 Your father's name was Oleg, your mother's name was Nathalia. 
 In 1985, our double agent, Terrence Graves, made sure you were recruited by an unwitting MI6. 
 When the wall came down, the British sent you to Berlin to steal Stasi files. 
 Instead, you turned everything over to a young KGB officer called Vladimir Putin. 
 Martin : What's the matter? 
 Lost my buggering car keys. 
 Didn't you come by Tube? 
 (chuckles) 
 Course I did. 
 See, that's what they call a senior moment. 
 (both chuckle) 
 So... how are Ilyana and Kate? 
 I don't know. 
 Haven't been home yet. 
 I'm staying at the Hilton at Heathrow. 
 These long ops. 
 Being away, I, uh... can't face going home. 
 You know, being Dmitry. 
 Three years living a lie. 
 I'm sick of it. 
 I want to tell her the truth, Terrence. 
 What truth? 
 What truth could you possibly tell that would help her to understand who you are and undo the fact that you've been lying to her for the last three years? 
 Go home. 
 (keys jangle, lock clicks) 
 Papa! 
 Hey! (chuckles) 
 (Russian accent): I've missed you so much, Katen'ka. 
 (laughs) Ah. 
 There will be a small ceremony first. 
 You will sign legal document. 
 Then there will be a big party. 
 After the party, you and the president will retire upstairs. 
 Are you a virgin? 
 That's none of your business. 
 You're right. 
 That is between you and God. 
 But before the president told you he wished to marry you, he asked me if you were pure. 
 I told him what he wanted to hear. 
 Well, what if I'm not? 
 After he's... finished, prick your thumb and stain the sheet with your blood. 
 Kate : Malika told you I'm a virgin. 
 It's not true. 
 When I was 16, in London, before I found my faith, I had a boyfriend. 
 And we had s*x. A lot. 
 And that boy who martyred himself in Paris, Ifti, the night before he died, he wanted to get married, but there wasn't time. So we had s*x. 
 Several times. 
 Thank you for... informing me of this. 
 Arsanov : She's unclean. 
 I think she's lying. 
 No, I think you lied to me. 
 I know your husband tried to have me killed. 
 That's not true. 
 The only reason I kept you alive is to make the girl behave. 
 Now you are no use to me. 
 (gasps) 
 She's confused. She doesn't understand what you're offering her. 
 To be your wife is a great honor. 
 So she made up a story. 
 Well... there's one way to find out. 
 (knocking) 
 Kate, this man is a doctor... He's here to examine you. 
 Please remove your undergarments and lie down on the bed. 
 (woman laughs, knocking on door) 
 Sedley : Not now! (hinges creaking) Sorry to bother you, Hugh. What the bloody hell do you want, Terrence? Can't it wait? Uh... (quietly): A KGB major walked into our embassy in Ankara a few hours ago. He wants to defect. Word is he's gonna name a high-level mole in Six. I assume they'll want you for the interrogation. Well, best go get sorted then, hadn't I? Sorry, darling. Fancy a spin? She's fully paid up. Oh, I, um... I'd love to, but, uh... What? Not your type? I'm not sure now's quite the right time, sir. Suit yourself. Sedley : I'm blown. Your joe in Ankara is going to name me. And what do you want me to do about it? I want to defect. There is no turning back. There never was. It might take some time before we can bring over your wife and your children. Six months, at least. Don't care about them. I want a clean break. A fresh start. We will help you get Kate out of Chechnya. We have assets at the airport and inside Arsanov's compound. Surveillance as well. But... you must do something for us in return. You and your friends at CIA and MI6 ruined our plan to kill Arsanov and blame it on the Chechens. So now you must kill him for us. Your history as an MI6 agent is perfect. They always wanted him dead. And we need a patsy to blame publicly for the crime. You will go to prison. So, Alexei, are you willing to trade your freedom for hers? Nina : You can't trust the Russians. Martin : They have assets to help me get in, but you're right. What I don't trust them to do is to get Kate out. What makes you think we can help? You have choppers, I need one. You fly Kate to London. Once she's back, you clear up her legal situation with the French. You're joking, right? What makes you think we'll do any of that? Because you owe it to her. She's no terrorist, we all know that. She's served her country. She's done her bid. And if that's not enough to make you to do the right thing, don't think I won't go to the press, tell them how you used and burned an innocent 18-year-old girl. I'll make a call. Nina : What about your legal situation? What about it? I can make some calls to the Justice Department, FBI in DC. They love me at the Bureau. (scoffs) I appreciate you trying to help me, Nina. But right now, this is about Kate. We can sort out the other thing some other time. (door opens) Gabi. Ballard : Oh, it's so good to see you. You, too. How's the conference? Well, there's a lot of talk. Then more talk. Then we take a break to eat buffet meals and talk even more... It's awful. (chuckles) So... how are you? The year after I got back, I, uh... mm, applied to go back in the field. They made me retake the field test, which... I passed. That's wonderful. But they kept me at the same desk job. The next year, I took the test again... I aced it. They, uh, stuck me at a different desk job. They're never gonna let me back in the field, but... I'd rather annoy them and keep reapplying than have them think I gave up. Screw them, Curtis. So, how about you? How's life? Well... I have a kid now. (laugh quietly) (laughs) Uh... w-wow. Con-Congratulations. Who...? (laughs) Krystof. Blazek? (chuckles) Really? ♪ You don't have to pretend to be happy for me. He asked me to marry him. Well, you're not really the marrying type. Are you? Terrence : You're going to Iraq. The mission is to infiltrate an American private military company. Martin : I'm not going. To Iraq... or anywhere else. I'm done. Six may let you go, but the Russians? (sighs) There's no out from them, not for you, not for me. I won't let a chance at life be taken away from me again, Terrence. You'll be looking over your shoulder for the rest of your life. The Russians will hunt you down, and when they find you... And have no doubt that they will... They'll put the screws on you all over again because that is what they do. How do you do it, Terrence, live like this, with your family? Because I'm not really alive. I gave up hope of ever truly being me many years ago. The only person I'm... almost me with is you, dear boy. I'm not myself with Ilyana and Kate. Not even close. It's not fair to them. Then maybe you should let them go. What can I tell her? I can't tell her the truth. And if I just disappear, it'll only keep her wondering, won't it? Perhaps... the kindest thing would be to... make her hate you. (singing Russian lullaby) (humming melody) (continues humming) (stops humming) You always sing her that song when you are leaving. Are you going away again? How long you will be gone this time? I'm sick of all your questions. Your nagging. I'm sorry, I-I didn't mean to. You want to know how long I will be gone? For good. I'm leaving you. I don't understand. I have another woman. There have always been other women. That's where I go. (soft, gasping breaths) You love me. (crying): I know you do. So why are you doing this? I don't love you. (crying) I never loved you. Now, let go of me. (continues crying) Dmitry... why are you doing this? (sobbing): Why? Everything I ever told you was a lie. Get out of my way! (crying quietly) I never want to see you again. (sobbing) Dmitry... (sobbing): Dmitry... Malika : Your little trick didn't work. I don't care. I'm still not marrying him. I'd rather die. Well, your wish may come true. Because if you don't marry him, he will kill us both. (woman speaking Russian over P.A.) (speaks Russian) 
 
 ♪ ♪ (speaks Russian) Man : Your name is John Cameron. You're a former sergeant in SAS. You were selected in 1989, served in Gulf War One. Hold on there. Um... um... Miles? Thank you. Yes, of course. Miles. Quick thing. From which regiment was he selected? Yorks, sir. Very good. Carry on. Miles : Gulf War One, you saw action behind enemy lines (distorting, fading): with Bravo One Niner... ♪ (knocking) Ciaran! (laughs) (TV playing indistinctly) (Irish accent): How are you, Jonesy? I'm doing all right, you know. Getting by. What the hell are you doing here? I thought you were in Boston. I was. And Chicago. New York. That's the life, huh? (TV plays indistinctly) (chuckles) How's Callaghan? They let him out there a few months ago on that last amnesty. He's back in Belfast. I need passports. Any flavor in particular? Don't care. Just make them good. Anything else? My money. You got it? I can get it. I want it all. Now. There's a lot of money moving through the slush fund for the Iraq op, right? Pots of it. Think you can hide one more transaction? I could. Wire the cash to this account in the Caymans. I'll go to Iraq so they think I'm playing ball. But I'm not coming back. You give Ilyana these passports. Tell her the truth. As much of it as you can, anyway. If she still loves me, she'll get on the plane. And we'll try to make a life together. Will you do this for me? Of course I will, old chap. So, uh... I suppose this is good-bye, then. (automatic gunfire) (men shouting in Russian) (men shouting in Russian, cheering, whooping) (lively music plays) (people cheering) ♪ You will go to your husband's room now and wait for him. (music, applause fades) (cheering fades) (door closes) (men laughing, speaking Russian) (sizzling) (men speaking in Russian) (door closes) I don't know you. I don't love you and I don't want to have s*x with you. I'll be gentle, I promise. Please. I said I don't want to do this. You are my wife now. You'll do as I say. Take your clothes off. No. (muffled gunshots) Take your clothes off... before I rip them from your body. (low grunt) (knife clatters on floor) (gasps) (glass clattering) (muffled gunshots) (gasping) (gurgling) Papa? You came. Man : Terrence, old chap. Didn't expect to see you today. Though I was hoping to bump into you at Lord's on the weekend. Lord's? The Eton-Winchester match. You're not going daft on me, are you, old boy? (chuckles) How could I forget? I need to wire some funds. Yes, of course. And to which port of call are these lovely portraits of Her Majesty bound? This account, please. And from which account... shall Her Majesties travel? Thank you. (beep, machine clattering) (clattering fades out) (high-pitched tone) (muffled, distant): Everything all right, Terry? (tone stops, machine clattering) Everything all right, Terry? (machine stops clattering) Yes, of course. Ivanenko : You're slipping, comrade. I beg your pardon? You just wired ã200,000 to the Cayman Islands from your personal account. What? Of course I didn't. If you are planning to run, you should have wired those funds through a secure ops account that even we could not trace. Planning to run? No, no, no, no, no. Really? A bank in the Caymans? Perhaps in your perverted fantasy you wish to live out your days frolicking on a tropical island with a native boy? No, you're en... you're entirely mistaken. If you suppose for a moment we will not expose you for the traitor that you are, you are the one who is mistaken, comrade. The money's not for me. Who is it for, then? I see. He thinks he can abandon us? After all we have done for him? And what about all he's done for you? Isn't that enough? Is this about the woman and the girl, huh? They have become quite a distraction. He loves them. Let him go. Please. (children chattering) Is that your daughter? Yes, it is. She is lovely. So... full of life. Do you have other children? No, just Kate. She's enough trouble. One child, twice the worry. It's an old Russian saying. You speak Russian, I believe. Yes. How did you know? Kate! Come, sweetheart. Terrence, dear, are you coming down to supper? I've done terrible things, Bridget. Unspeakable things. Whatever do you mean, darling? I don't work for the civil service. I'm an intelligence officer. For MI6. But I'm a traitor. A double agent. I work for the bloody Russians. I've ruined people's lives. I have... sent them to their deaths. And I have done all of those things to protect a terrible secret. I'm a homosexual, Bridget. Of course you're not, dear. Yes, I am. And now I have... I have betrayed my only true friend. Remember what the neurologist said about your condition? You'd become confused from time to time, forget things, even have fantasies. That's all this is. Now, come down to supper. I've made scallops. Here. Come on. We've got to go. (men talking in distance) (gate creaking) (shouts in Russian) (gunshot) (engine starts) (engine revs) (tires screeching) Where are we going? Home. (laughs softly) ♪ And I feel it running ♪ 
♪ Through my veins ♪ (helicopter blades whirring) ♪ And I need that fire ♪ 
♪ Just to know that I'm awake ♪ 
♪ Erased, I missed till the break ♪ 
♪ Of day ♪ (indistinct radio transmission) ♪ And I need that fire ♪ Vehicle approaching! It's all right! Kate : Come on, Papa! No, hold your fire! Hold your fire! Listen, I can't come with you! Papa, please! Come on, Papa! I can't come with you. Papa, please! Go! ♪ Until we go down Papa! ♪ 
♪ Until we go down ♪ (men shouting in Russian) ♪ Until we go down ♪ (Kate crying) (men shouting in Russian) ♪ Until we go down ♪ 
♪ Until we go down. ♪ Ballard : Don't go. Curtis... I mean, of course you have to go and see your baby. I know. Yeah. You think? (chuckles) But... let me go to Prague with you. Or-or you can bring him here. (sighs) Curtis, you know that I... Right. I-I know you're not the marrying type. I don't care. I've spent my life being a self-righteous son of a bitch. What has it gotten me? I gave up my shot to be with the most beautiful woman in the world. And if that's what God wanted, he is one sadistic b*st*rd. Curtis, don't talk like that. No, I'm serious. Look, you don't love Blazek. I can help you raise the baby. We'll live in sin. I need some sin in my life. Let's call room service, order some goddamn champagne. (both laugh) You're crazy, you know that? Yeah. Crazy in love with you. Ever since you called me Agent "Ballhard." (snorts) Curtis. I love you, too. You don't know what it means to me to hear you say that. But I can't take my child away from his father. Krystof... he's a good man. (door opens) Gabi : Krystof... Krystof Petr Blazek... (handcuffs clicking) (speaks Czech) ♪ Gabi : I'm sorry, Curtis. I couldn't get Dmitry. But I got another bad guy for you. So you can rest now. (knocking) Hi, Mama. (both crying) Ivanenko : The full order of battle for MI6. This will be very useful. I would imagine so. What about vulnerabilities? Anyone in particular we should be targeting for recruitment? Very promising junior officer, uh, Terrence Graves. He's a poof. Homosexual. Listen, you can keep conducting swallow operations and honeypots, threatening, blackmailing the enemy, but... what if there were another way entirely? What if we take one of yours and raise him like he were one of theirs? If we've done our job well, we'll have created the perfect double agent. He'll talk like one of them, walk like one of them, and they'll accept him as one of their own because, but for the accident of his Russian birth, he is now, for all intents and purposes, one of them. Of course, you'd need someone who could school fine young Russian patriots in the subtleties of an English upbringing. But... now... you've got me, haven't you? At my school, Alexei will receive the finest education the Soviet state can provide. (translating in Russian) He'd be trained for a life working overseas. Be a great Russian patriot, a hero. (translating in Russian) Uh, you'll no longer have contact with him. (translating in Russian) But... for your sacrifice, you and your family will be well taken care of. (translating in Russian) (gate creaking) (indistinct chatter) Welcome to your new home, boy. From now on, you will be called Alex Reed. (loud clanking) (door creaks open) Good morning, Alexei. I thought you would like to see this. (grunts) You neglected to tell us that your young Ms. Crawford did your dirty work for you. He was trying to rape her. She had no choice. We won't be pressing charges against her, nor will we reveal her identity. We will, however, be releasing the video to the press with her face blurred. The story, true enough, will be that a young woman forced into an illegal polygamous marriage by the morally corrupt President of Chechnya killed him in self-defense. (chuckles) We no longer need to blame Arsanov's assassination on you. So I'm free to go. Of course. As long as you agree to go back to work for us. (loud bang) 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 