Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x12 - Donnie or Marie - The Killing 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x12 - Donnie or Marie https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=19&t=12484 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 06/13/12 22:25 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x12 - Donnie or Marie 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on AMC's The Killing... 
 The waterfront was out platform. 
 We can talk this through! We can get... - Okay... 
 We  are over. 
 This is where it all started, Holder... 
 It's a keycard, from city hall. 
 Ted Wright. He used to say that bad luck either destroys you or makes you the man you really are. 
 Whoever was in that room the night Rosie died... works here. 
 On the eve of the mayoral election councilman Darren Richmond made a stunning speech tonight. 
 He admitted to attempting suicide. 
 The incident occurred on the night of the Rosie Larsen murder. 
 Mr. Richmond... Which one is it... Donnie or Marie? The only ones in Richmond's campaign with enough power to broker a deal between the Indians and Ames. Gotta bounce, Linden. With polls opening in a few short hours, more will be revealed. All right. Hold up. Come with me. Linden-- I have an idea. Come on. The hallway! Listen to me! Hurry up! All right, let's go! I've spoken before about a man named Ted Wright, a man who... Dumb prick should've fallen on his sword when I gave him the chance. In 21 hours, the election will be over. We'll stick it in ourselves. I thought you took care of this. Can I help you? I know about the photo, Mayor-- The one you planted. Where do you think you're going? You need to leave right now before I call security-- I have a copy of it. I'm going to The Times with it. She's lying. Or we can make a deal. We have a common enemy. Show's over. Come on. Let's go. If you want to win this election, call off your dogs. What are you waiting for? Get them out of here. There's nine hours till the polls open, chief. We're running out of time, Mayor. We know the Richmond campaign screwed you first, planting the Indian bones. It was a smart move. Without the waterfront, the election was over for you, so you retaliated with a photo. Richmond wasn't going to prison. It would never have gone that far. You just needed Richmond out of the running till the election was over. Everything that went down after that was just collateral damage, right? Don't lay your guilt on me, Detective. You doctored the photo to win the election, not to cover up Rosie's murder. We know you weren't involved in her death. But the Richmond camp was. This is what's going to happen. You're going to call off my arrest. Then you're gonna get them and him band Carlson off our backs until we solve Rosie Larsen's murder. In exchange, we pursue our lead. And the photo? We drop it. Do we have a deal, Mr. Mayor? Thanks. Did you guys get a dog? The boys needed something good in their life. Stan, I'm so sorry. It doesn't matter. You're home. That's all that matters now. Don't eat that thing. There's probably six razor blades in it. Mom! Ohh, sweetheart. Oh, my God. I missed you. Oh, my baby. Oh. I've missed you so much. We got a dog. I can see that. Tommy, come here, baby. Tommy. Tommy. He'll be okay. He's having a hard time. Let me go talk to him. Okay. Oh. I'm glad that you're back. We missed you. Oh. I can't let you go. Let me look at you. I knew you'd come back. Mm. Chief Jackson said the casino security tapes will be ready in the morning, but you got to get them yourself. They're abiding by the search warrant. Yeah, yeah, whatever. Feds say the surveillance disks will be ready in the morning, but we got to get our own asses to the casino to pick them up. Yeah, I'm sure Nicole complied fully with the warrant. Yeah. What'd Carlson say? You're still on suspension till your hearing. That rent-a-cop can play at being the boss as long as he leaves us the hell alone. If Gwen wasn't Richmond's alibi, then he wasn't hers either. Yeah, she could've made her way from Tacoma to the casino just like we thought Richmond did. Kill Rosie, be back in time for Richmond's reappearance. You think blondie ran through the woods, for real? Hunted Rosie, beat her unconscious? It doesn't track. Except for the part about the trunk. Rosie was still alive when it went into the water. It's a really passive way to kill. You don't have to look the person in the face while they die. Men kill with guns and knives, women poison their victims. General rule. Mm. Mm. Earlier that night... Gwen had a dinner with a city council member named Ruth Yitanes at the lake union yacht club. Gwen said that Yitanes canceled the dinner. It doesn't say why. What about Jamie? Looks like he worked late, went home to his grandfather. The guy alibi'd him. He lives with his grandpops? Damn. You want to have a talk with grandpa? I'll go to the campaign, see who's in charge of keycards. Yo, Linden. Night of death, Jamie went to the city hall gym at 4:37 AM. So? Security guard who let him in said he didn't have his key card. It may take more than a haircut to win you this, Darren. I'm counting on you, Charles. You've always been my lucky charm. What? We're taking a beating, aren't we? Preliminary polls aren't great. I told them the truth. I'm glad I did it. I'll tell you what-- 
I never heard a politician... Hello? ...Make a speech like that. Nothing to be ashamed about. I just hope folks remember that today. I do, too, Charles. I do, too. Hey. Have you talked to the grandfather yet? Yeah, Jamie's grandpa said he was there all night. I mean, he seemed on the up-and-up, but who knows? And I called Yie-taines or whatever the hell her name is about Gwen Eaton's story and nothing yet. Give me an hour, and then we got to get those disks from the casino. All right. You find out who's in charge of the key cards in the campaign yet? Yep, I'm talking to him now. Got to go. Mr. Kinberg? Detective Linden, Seattle PD. Is this from your office? SCH, yeah. That's the prefix of our cards. Who does that card belong to? I don't have a list. Sorry. It got deleted from my hard drive. I must have left my computer while I was still logged on, and somebody-- When did you notice it had been deleted? Um... ...Monday, October 8th. That's the Monday after the Rosie Larsen murder. You didn't think to bring this up? W-- What about a replacement card? Did anybody come to you for a new card after that weekend? Um... Yeah, but-- Who was it? Gwen Eaton. This is a restricted area. Seattle PD. We're here for the disks. Let me see that. Yeah? Perfect. Security's the door on the right. Oh, I guess they're out to lunch. Too bad. - Yeah, whatever. Holder, check this out. Girlfriend likes the limelight. Speaking of which... ...what the ed to her hand? Trouble in paradise? Maybe Bobby isn't just her pit bull. Did you just figure that out? I'll take it from here. No late fees on those DVDs, right? We have fully complied with the federal warrant. Nothing to hide. Right, nothing but the footage on the broken camera. How's your head, Detective? Feeling better? Much. What happened to your girlfriend's hand? You know your way out. Hey, next time, we should do this at our place. Food's gonna be crap, but the beds are free. Is that Gwen Eaton? Looks pretty cozy with the Wapis. That's her pops, too. Well, that explains how a blue blood like Gwen gets involved with these lowlifes. What's her connection to Ames? Gwen is the one who canceled on me. The balls on that one-- Like  I  was the one who called the meeting. You know, they're the ones who need my support with the unions. Councilwoman Yitanes, did Gwen say why she canceled dinner? Nope, she just left a message, said something had come up with the campaign. You know, I'm not a detective, detectives. But Jamie Wright has been loyal to Darren for the last 10 years. Don't you think it's kind of strange that after only a couple of months, Gwen is his closest adviser? Meaning what? Meaning that she uses her va-jay-jay to control her candidate. That's her MO. She pretends to be in love with them-- Whatever it takes to benefit her. Just like her daddy. Apple doesn't fall very far from the tree. Ms. Yitanes, does the Richmond campaign have any relationship with Michael Ames or his company, Columbia Domain Fund? CDF is a major supporter of the mayor. And trust me, Sally is the one in the Ames family that wears the pants, not Michael. CDF is  her  company. Michael's her de facto errand boy. So waterfront project going down screws her, not him. Ohh. And here I thought you were just a slice of brainless beefcake. So, tell me, does this security breach have anything to do with the Ameses, too, huh? Thank you for your time, councilwoman. Oh, I see. That's how we're gonna play it. Okay. Fine. Where'd you get the info on Ames' company? City planning department. Who'd you vote for, councilman? Oh, I was supposed to vote? I thought that was the men's room. The latest exit polls aren't in your favor, but it seems a lot of voters are responding positively to your speech. Your thoughts, Mr. Richmond. I've run an honest race. I've surrounded myself with the best people I know, people I could literally trust with my life. Darren. What are you doing here? Ball court's down the street, isn't it? Why, you want to play a game of horse? How about a photo, huh? Come on. That speech was the last of your career. It's one I'm proud of, Lesley. You have one like that? Okay. Got your money shot. We'll see you at the next stop. I called the car. We'll be around back. Okay. Good luck, councilman. You look like you could use a break. Yeah. I know a secret exit. Great speech the other day, councilman. Thank you. How long till the car gets here? About a minute and a half. What is it, Gwen? That night. If I had known why you left or what you were going through. This should be your day... Not his. It's not right. It's out of our hands. I tried so hard for you. We came so far, Darren. I'll see you at the next stop. It has the biggest eyes of any animal in the entire world. Get out. As big as basketballs. I got four stars. Four stars?! Hey, guys. Hey! Will you make me a grilled cheese? I'm hungry. Oh, I'll make it. I'll make it for you. Um, is it okay if aunt Terry makes it? I like the way she cuts off the crusts. Yes, of course. Absolutely. Why don't you, Mr. four stars, go get washed up. Sorry. We've been eating a lot of grilled cheese around here lately. They'll be glad to get back to your cooking, believe me. You know, I found a new place to live not too far from here. This yours? Oh, yeah. I just put some of my stuff in with the rest of the laundry. So I guess you guys are gonna be busy moving soon, so I figured I better get my ass in gear. Moving? The new house. I thought that since you were back, I figured... What new house? What are you talking about? I'm sorry. I thought that you knew. I-I found out by accident. You should just talk to Stan about it. Yeah, I will. I'll do that. Don't be mad at him, okay? Mitch... ...we all did the best thad we could, you know, while you were gone. It was hard. Stan, the boys, they needed... They needed what, Terry? They needed what? You have no right to judge me.. I'm not judging you. Yes, you are. No, I'm not. Yes, you are, Terry. You don't know what it's like. You don't have a family. You don't have children. You don't know what it feels like. What do you know about anything of this? All I know is that I've been working my ass off trying to keep your family together while you were trying to find yourself on some vision quest. You still had so much, Mitch. And you walked out. You walked out. These are all Michael Ames' companies? All five of them. All eligible to bid on city contracts. Okay, thanks, Ray. Ray says he got Nicole and Roberta on tape on the casino floor at 1:20 AM. So, they couldn't have been part of the attack on Rosie on the 10th floor. Ames was on the ferry. Indians were on the floor. So, the attacker must have been-- Donnie or Marie. Check this out. One of Ames' companies doesn't got his wife's name on the board. Just his. NCP-- Nereus Capital Properties. So he tanks the waterfront 
'cause he's paving the way for his own company to make a separate deal. Double-crosses the mayor, screws his wife to boot. Ames really was planning on leaving his wife... for Terry. Excuse me. Nereus Capital Properties was formed a month ago. You made it eligible on city contract a week later. That seems pretty fast. Is that standard? I-it's not illegal. You expedited the process, though. Want to explain why? I got an e-mail. There was an interested party at city hall. A councilman. Darren Richmond? Richmond sent you an e-mail? It came from his aide. Was it Gwen Eaton? No. Jamie Wright. We're gonna keep this. Everyone of our posters in 4th street have been pulled down or defaced in the last two hours. You can't tell me the mayor's people aren't behind that. Yes. Yes. Thank you, Nancy. That would be lovely. Thank you for doing your job. Rule number one in politics-- Never run against a guy with no scruples. 
 
 You know anything about a company called NCP? Uh, construction, right? All those 3-letter companies sound the same. Yeah, your little lady down at the city planning department-- She gave us this. Your personal request to expedite NCP through the system. You remember now? Yeah. I sent that. So what? It's routine. Is it? Look, it may not meet the highest standards of political ethics, but it's not illegal. We do favors for friends all the time. Well, what about enemies? NCP's owned by Michael Ames. He's playing on Adam's side, not yours. Why you supporting your enemy's BF, huh? You screwing the boss man under the table? Spit it out. We won't tell. Promise. I'm trying to give my boss man a potential ally. Wooing away the competition's major donors happens to be part of my job description. FYI. That's fine. Richmond know what you were up to? Wow. You tell your lieutenant every time you have a hunch that could lead to nowhere? Does he even know you're here right now? Was Gwen Eaton part of wooing Ames, too? Okay, look. I know you got to do your job, but I'm not about to dish dirt on a colleague for you. Ask her yourselves. Oh, one more thing. You got your city hall key card on you, bro? What? Your city hall key card. Do you have it? Now, if that's it,  bro, I've got a campaign to resuscitate. It's time for you to buy your own pack. What if Gwen and Jamie did it together? Even if she was the one in the room that night, lost the key card, they both could have been part of the plan. Explains the different methods of taking Rosie out. Male and female co-killers. I mean, we know Ames got a call about the waterfront break-in that night. That's why he nixed his trip to Vegas. Maybe that's why Gwen canceled dinner with councilwoman Yitanes. ...Further comment. In other news, reputed Polish mob boss Janek Kovarsky was gunned down in the Capitol Hill section of the city last night. Sources say he was shot in the head at close range. Homicide investigators have or leads to date. And if the exit polls are any indication, councilman Darren Richmond is not out of the race for mayor just yet. Hey. What? What is it? It's nothing. Stan, Terry told me about the house. That's where all the money went, right? I should have trusted you, Stan. I should have told you. I wanted it to be a surprise. God, it seems like a lifetime ago, back when there were good surprises. Yeah. So, what are you gonna do? Are you gonna-- 
Are you gonna sell it? Maybe we don't have to. Could be a fresh start, Mitch... For all of us. Stan, I-I came back because... I wanted-- I wanted to be here, you know? With you... and with our boys. There's a yard. And there's so much light, Mitch. And the boys-- The boys, they can each have their own room. I don't want to leave this. I don't want to leave her behind. You know, there's no moving on... ...as long as we're here... in this house. Is that what we're supposed to do, Stan? We're just supposed to move on and then-- And we just forget everything? Yeah, I think we should move on. You don't have a right to look at me like that after what I've been through these past few weeks. That's not fair. Fair?! What's fair got to do with it? You're the one who left. The boys-- The boys-- 
They needed you. I needed you. And you walked out. I was the one who stayed. Because you could. I'm her mother. I'm her dad! What are you talking about?! Let me tell you something. You can take as much time as you want to try to figure it all out But you cannot come back here and say that you loved Rosie more than I did. Yo, biff. How's it hanging? Just gonna be a few. Seattle police department. Hey, if my car don't meet the club's standards, you can just swap it out with that jag, all right? Yo, why you taking down my tags? Uh, club policy, sir. Sign here. Do you make all the guests sign in? Yeah. Is the sign-in sheet for Friday, October 5th, still there? Yeah, but I can't just give it to you. Yo, ease up, son. Minimum wage ain't worth fighting the po-po. Did you work that night, Gibby? Uh, yeah. Yeah, I work the weekends, 'cause the club members get wasted, and the tips are pretty awesome. Is that right? Yeah. Do you remember seeing her here that night? Uh, I-- A lot of people come through here on the weekend. I-- Sorry. We're gonna hang on to that for a second. Yeah. Here it is. Gwen Eaton, 8:37 PM, October 5th. Check out the license plate. 563-TB0. That's the campaign car Rosie's body was found in. We've almost closed the gap? Really? Okay. I have to tell him. I'll call you back. Ms. Eaton? You have a minute? Not really. We're tracking a security breach at city hall. You aware of any staff who lost their key cards? Yes, I did. A few weeks ago, it went missing from my purse. You got a replacement card? Yes. Just after the Larsen murder. Look, I was in Tacoma all night. I already told you that. You also told us the councilman went missing for several hours. Can you account for that missing time on your end? I was alone in a hotel room asleep. What about earlier that night before you went to Tacoma? You had an appointment with councilwoman Yitanes. I told the police that weeks ago. Except Yitanes said that you canceled on her. Yes, I had a personal reason that wasn't relevant. I wanted to see Darren that night, okay? I knew something was wrong. Now I know what it was. We all do. What car were you driving that night? Mine. Wrong, Eaton. You took the campaign car to the yacht club. Yes. I mean, earlier I drove the campaign car. Then I dropped it off after the club, after I canceled dinner. Then I took my car to Tacoma. Why didn't you tell us you were driving the car Rosie Larsen's body was found in? You people nearly destroyed a man's life with your false accusations, so I would be very careful about what I say right now if I were you. We're just asking questions. You're the one who keeps lying. How about we continue this down at the station, Ms. Eaton? Not unless you're arresting me. And if you continue to harass me or anyone else involved in this campaign, I will have you shoveling reindeer sh1t at the Christmas parade. Do I make myself clear? It's not real reindeers in that parade. It's huskies with antlers strapped on them. Ready for bed, boys? I am. I always get cold, mom. That's 'cause you kick off your covers. You always did, little Denners. Even when you were a baby. I'd come in to check in on you, and your little feet would just be so cold. You okay, mom? Yeah, honey, I'm good. You can make us grilled cheese tomorrow, mom. Thank you, baby. Sweet dreams. It's all gonna be okay, sweetie. Sleep tight. We're not out of the race yet. Yes! That's huge. It's less than 2 points. We're still in the running, Jamie. More than that. We could still win this damn thing. You have stood beside me this whole time. Not even my family did that. Not that that's saying much. And it's that time. Oh, come on. I thought you were done with that superstitious crap. I think of it more as tradition. And what am I supposed to tell people-- Their fearless leader is too much of a pussy to watch his own returns? You're still in it, Darren. Hello? This is Darren. Who is this? What do you want? We're never gonna get that damn disk from the Indians. Ames lawyered up, Donnie and Marie are done talking. There's always a way in. Everybody makes mistakes. Most people make the same ones over and over again. You never told me he was your shrink. Rick. Your point? Nothing. I'm just saying. You think I'm gonna go nuts again? Nah, Linden. I got your back's all I'm saying. Think of me as your sensei in the blood sport of life. Mm-hmm. Hey, check this out. That woman standing next to Chief Jackson-- Something's wrong with her arm. It's in a cast. Yeah, it's broken. Just like Roberta's hand. So, what is it? Was there a problem with the disks? No. We just wanted to talk to you about your girlfriend, Chief Jackson. I thought you might want to do that in private. Do you recognize her? Name's Kallie Wimms. Nicole's head of security before you. Yeah, I heard of her. So what? You heard she's kicking it these days up at the Bainbridge corrections facility for women? You want to guess why, Bobby? I got no time for this. Why, is Nicole gonna be back soon? Wouldn't want her to catch you with us, would you? Hand looks pretty bad. Why'd she do it this time? Maybe because of that key card? Yeah. Real funny how that went down. Eight years ago, your girlfriend got full immunity in exchange for her testimony. She pinned it all on Kallie. Court transcript. Read it yourself. Yeah, that's right. Now Kallie's doing 10 to 20... On a murder-2 charge she claims she never committed. Maybe Kallie's a lying bitch. Nicole sold out Kallie when she needed to, and she's gonna do the same thing to you. But you don't need us to tell you that, do you? You know she's gonna screw you over. You just haven't figured out how. This is all bull. She doesn't trust you anymore. You kept that disk, didn't you? So you'd have something to hold over her, something to prove she was involved in Rosie Larsen's murder. Just in case. You don't have anything on us. You broke into my motel room, you put that drawing up. My son's gone because of you, you piece of sh1t. I never broke into your place. So it's just a matter of time we find something on you! I don't know what you're talking about. There ain't no "us"... When it comes to Chief Jackson. And you know that. She's gonna hang you out to dry just like she did Kallie unless you make the first move. Nicole was on the 10th floor that night. You weren't, but that disk is the only thing that proves it. Give us the disk. I'll be a while, Jerry. Maybe you want to take a break? I'll call you when I'm ready to leave. Of course, councilman. Here it is. It's the campaign car. Heading into the casino parking lot, 12:58 AM. Can't see the driver. 564-TB0. That's definitely the campaign car Rosie was found in. Put in the other disk. 1:02 AM. I'm glad you came. You're a smart man. Get to the point. If you are who you say you are, prove it. What's your hurry? You need to go somewhere and make another speech about me? Hmph. That's one... Fast-forward the tape. Stop. Michael Ames. That's two. Just one more to go. What did you do? What the hell was so important you had to talk to me tonight? Why did you lie to me, Jamie? On the season finale of AMC's The Killing Rosie Larsen's killer will be revealed. I'm not that girl who got herself killed! You owe me. Shut up. 3:37 AM, the night of the killing. It doesn't prove collusion. It's over. Where is Jamie Wright? I don't know. I saw him at the office before I got here. Why did you lie? Where were you the night the Larsen girl died, Jamie? For a longer look at the next episode of AMC's The Killing go to amctv.com 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 