Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x12 - Beau Soleil - The Killing 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x12 - Beau Soleil https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=19&t=12471 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 06/15/11 15:38 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x12 - Beau Soleil 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on AMC's The Killing... 
 I bought a house. 
 I've got a mortgage. I've got funeral expenses. 
 The family always comes first. 
 You come for a game or another handout? 
 I need five million dollars. 
 That man killed our child and you let him go! 
 I'm gonna need a warrant, for the ATMs that operate at the Wapi Eagle Casino and Lodge. 
 We had $16,000 in that account, how can it be gone? 
 Here we are, folks. Days away from the birth of Seattle's front renewal project. 
 You have no idea the hell that you put me through yesterday. 
 You have no right. No right. 
 Please, you've been awol for 10 years -- no word, no alimony, nothing -- and then suddenly you just show up? 
 Look, Jack and I are doing fine, so why don't you do us and yourself a favor and go home to Chicago? 
 Was that little man? 
 Little man's deadbeat dad. 
 Sounded like you were tearing him a new one, so... 
 That's who Jack was with yesterday. 
 What? 
 These are from the Wapi casino? 
 Yeah. I've been at it all night. 
 I almost missed our girl. 
 You know, I ain't used to seeing her looking like this. 
 Friday night. 
 She's wearing the sweater. 
 Yeah. 
12:37 AM. 
 Rosie's been making cash deposits every few weeks. 
 Benjamins. 
 We're talking some serious moola. 
 How much was in the account? 
 Almost 7k. 
 Makes you wonder what she's doing for that kind of money. 
 Know what the best part is? 
 It's not her account. 
 Early this morning, construction workers found what appears to be a partially intact human skull. 
 It's imperative the mayor speak to the governor as soon as possible. 
 Fine. We look forward to hearing from him shortly. 
 You're wasting your breath. 
 Governor knows the score. 
 Remember '97? 
 Tribe found a pinkie bone in the old Gundersen stockyards. 
 From any further development. 
 That project's still buried in the courts. 
 We're dead, Benjamin. 
 All that's left is the autopsy. 
 Halt construction  until our anthropologists... 
 Okay, so, we push harder on our pro-jobs platform. 
 The waterfront was our platform. 
 Could in fact bury the mayor's campaign. 
 Of course. 
 Well, I'll see if I can make room in the councilman's schedule. 
 All right, thanks for the call, Mike. 
 Sorry to keep you waiting, Inigo. 
 Well, the councilman is thrilled that the service employees union is reconsidering its endorsement. 
 Talking points for the Seattle record's  editorial-board grilling this afternoon. 
 And the governor is coming for lunch tomorrow. 
 This the same governor I couldn't get on the phone two days ago? 
 Don't pop the champagne yet. 
 Why not? We're unstoppable. 
 Are you kidding? Nothing beats dead Indians. 
 Didn't you see "poltergeist"? 
 God, if I had a heart, I'd almost feel sorry for Adams right now. 
 I don't. 
 He and his cronies jammed their waterfront contracts through without due diligence. 
 They're all getting what they deserve. 
 Speaking of cronies, Drexler called. 
 He's having a little impromptu party this afternoon in honor of the mayor's face plant. 
 Guess who the guest of honor is. 
 Darren doesn't have time for that. 
 I thought you said it wasn't over. 
 It isn't. 
 No mayor has ever won without the endorsement from the record. 
 Half the town reads that paper. 
 Gwen's right. 
 I'm done pandering to that degenerate. 
 You go. You seem to have a way with him. I don't think I -- 
 I have senator eaton on line four. 
 I'll take it at my desk. 
 He's calling for the councilman. 
 Senator. 
 Well -- No, sir. Thank you. 
 Thank you, but we're -- yes, we're cautiously optimistic. 
 You've reached Larsen moving and storage. 
 Please leave a detailed message. 
 We'll get back to you as soon as we can. 
 Thanks. 
 Stan, it's Janek. 
 Good seeing you. 
 We need to talk. All right, Smitty, let's go! Belko. Oh, hey, Mitch, we're going on that job in Northgate. Why did Stan go see Janek? What? I want the damn truth. Is he working for Janek again? I'm sorry. You got to ask Stan. Uh, you're gonna take this run on your own, okay? No, he can't do it on his own. That is not your problem anymore. You're fired. What? Hey, this is Mitch. Um, leave me a message, and I'll call you back. I-it's me. Checking in, seeing -- 
Seeing how the boys are. Had my bond hearing this morning. Got to see a head shrink first so they can decide if I'm a danger to society. I miss you. There's got to be a mistake. That's not my money. The account's in your name, Terry. Well, I never opened it. So whatever your paper there says from that bank -- Which, by the way, I've never used the services thereof -- It is wrong. Let's go, boys! Thing is, it's Rosie's account. She would've needed your ID to open it. What's going on? Nothing. Uh...We're gonna be late. Giddyap. Come on. I got to go. How'd she get your ID, Terry? Go play in your room while we talk for a sec. Go on. Few months ago... Rosie borrowed it. Said she wanted to get into some club. So what? Yeah, you're a real role model. You teach her how to shotgun a beer, too? The kid wanted to have some fun. Mitch didn't let her do anything. She was 17, for Christ's sake. She's wasn't a baby anymore. I don't think it's a really big deal. Seems like there was a lot of secrets Rosie was keeping from her mother. Was it tough at home? I didn't say that. You know why your 17-year-old niece was hanging out at a casino weekend nights... Looking like this? See, when I blow off steam, I tend to spend a lot of dough. But Rosie, on the other hand -- She's making fat deposits every few nights at this dump. I wonder why. Aunt Terry, we're gonna be late! I got no idea what she was doing. Right. How dare you... Come in here and talk about Rosie like that? You got no right. She was a good girl. You didn't know her. You didn't. Now, you know what? I need some time. So, I, uh, need to take the boys to school. So if you don't mind, please. Let's go, boys! Come on. Mayor Adams. How are you this morning? Don't gloat, Gwen. It doesn't become you. A little present someone slipped under my door. I thought you should have it before it gets out. Playing dirty now only reeks of desperation. Whatever's in there, we both know it's not gonna help you win. Maybe. But I'm not here about the election. I'm here as a friend of your father, someone who's watched you grow up. Spare me. My father's in Richmond's campow, along with everyone else you've let down. There's an old saying, Gwen -- Take the log out of your own eye before you point out the speck in mine. And the next time you jump into bed with a politician, I'd advise you to learn more about his associates. Give my regards to your father. Told you she was here. What's up, guapo? You want to party? What up, you skanky little ho? "G." Where you been at? Hey, get in the car. I got to talk to you. Redhead your new partner? This is Linden, my new ball and chain. Meet Cami, my old ball and chain. We used to work undercover vice together back in the day. He still tryin' to throw his skinny white ass around, act like he's boss? And thinking he's all that. Okay, we -- 
We done here, hmm? I heard you were working a UC sting at the Wapi Eagle a few months back. Yeah, man. Waste of time, though. Casino bulldogs blew my cover, kicked my ass out. Them Indians don't play. Right? Hey, you seen this girl working down there? Nope, looks like a Beau Soleil girl, though. Lot of them working Wapi these days. Beau soleil? What's that? Social introduction service. An online thing. High-end escorts for rich boys, married businessmen, public figures, et cetera. They dig the Wapi 'cause no one says boo about what goes on in there. Wild west. Any rough trade with the Beau Soleil? Any of the Johns getting crazy on the ladies? Last summer, June. One Beau Soleil girl -- Found her in a room banged up real bad -- "20 stitches and a broken rib" bad. She ID the John who hurt her? No, all the uni got was a description. What was her name? Sugar tits. I don't know. Sure she was using an alias. These sites all do. She's long gone by now. Hello? Tom? Hello? It's about time you showed up. Did I get the time wrong or day? I was here for a party. Yeah, you found it. Can I get you something? No, no, no. I'm fine, dude. Quit being a wienie. Drink up. God, I wish I'd been there to see Adams get the news. Seriously, I'd give my left nut sack for that. That's -- 
That's poetic. And don't think that I've forgotten. Richmond owes me, big time. And one of these days, I'm going to cash in on that chit. Where is he, anyway? Darren actually had a previous scheduled -- Bzzzt! Oh! Wrong answer, bro. Party's waiting. Richmond and me, and baby makes three. Do the math. Tom, Tom, Tm... Are you out of your mind? These girls look like they're freshmen in high school. Don't worry about it. Beau soleil girls are discreet. Tom. Yeah? I got an election in 14 days. I can't be here right now. But I can. Here's a news flash for you, slick -- People like me can do whatever the hell we want, and do you know why? Because the Richmonds of the world will always clean up after us. You don't seriously think that I gave that man $5 million just 'cause he can shoot hoops, do you? I'm feeling generous today, so quit your whining, grab a speedo. First door on your left. You get my message? What message? I left you a message on your cellphone. I was out with the boys. What'd the bondsmen have to say? I didn't call them. Why not? The money's gone. Our savings, everything. When were you gonna tell me, Stan? Mitch, listen, it was supposed to be a -- Don't bother. Janek called. He said it was good seeing you again. Yes, I went to see janek. I borrowed some money. You brought that man back into our lives, into our family? Mitch, it's not like that. What if he were the reason? What if it was because of him Ros... You said you changed. You said you didn't want to be that man anymore. Remember that? But I should've known. What's that supposed to mean? That one day it'd be just like this -- You sitting there, me sitting here... Everything gone. I'm here because you pushed me here. So don't go acting like you didn't want that man back. Only reason I'm in here and you're out there is 'cause I had the balls to admit what I did. Guard. I've got the statement from the Wapi girl, gave her name as "Sandrine Pressler." That's a bunch of bs. Nobody got that name in the DMV. So I guess Cami was right. Can't find a working girl who don't want to be found. Our witness is awol, and you're celebrating. Yeah, well, check this. Before she passed out, she gave a description of the John. "5'8" to 5'10", curly brown hair, 5:00 shadow." This could be half the men in Seattle. Keep reading. "Real paranoid cokehead, "kept going on and on about some stadium he wanted to build, said the city had a vendetta against him." Who's that sound like? I don't know, but you know when it's about sports, I tune out. Basketball stadium, coke? Come on. It's Tom Drexler. The billionaire? You ready for this? He's got two priors for solicitation. And he's got a restraining order from an ex-lady friend that he took a swipe at outside a casino. Powerful guy like that, we can't just bring him in for a chat. Makes you wonder if that's why this girl took off. We need more. Yeah, Ray's taking a look at Rosie's computer. We already checked it, so now we're looking for what? Any hits on Beau Soleil. Might give us a trail to Drexler. Who are you? I'd like to finish our conversation before I fly back. Can you give us -- Yeah, I'm just gonna... I should apologize first off for pulling that stunt. I didn't come to cause trouble. You have a very funny way of showing it. I mean, really? What do you think you're doing? Making up for all the lost years of missed birthdays and school plays and basically his entire life? Whatever you feel about me, Sarah, you're right. I left. I don't deserve your forgiveness. But I think our son needs a father. Our son? Wow. I think Jack has been doing just fine without a father so far. Really? Has he? I'd like to see him from time to time. And I've got a beautiful family now. I'd love him to be a part of that, maybe doing some vacations in Chicago with us over the summer. Well, you should've thought of that before you left. If it weren't for Jack, would it have even mattered to you that I did? I'm leaving Monday. I'd like to see him before I do. Please, Sarah. Next time you come near my son, I'll have you arrested for kidnapping. 
 
 Am I interrupting? That the deadbeat? When I first ran Rosie's web history off her laptop, nothing jumped out. Ran it again under Beau Soleil -- Still nada. Then I hit this. Turns out they run a redirect page so people can't just stumble on it. Wait for it. Rosie visited this page? A bunch of times. Last time was Wednesday night. She one of the girls on there? It's hard to tell. You can't see their faces. Most of the names sound like handles. But your victim definitely visited this site multiple times. So good little dead girl was a bad little live girl. I'd say. That girl's shoes -- Same ones we found in her locker. That's Rosie. Can we enlarge that photo, please? Yeah. No, it's not. What are you talking about? That's the shoes. That's the Fabrizio Bianchis. Yeah, yeah, but check out the jacket. Look familiar? It was just a way to meet men. The kind of guys I never meet working in a hole like this. Guys who take me out to nice restaurants, buy me stuff. Yeah, 2k pair of kicks. Boom. Wonder what you bartered for those. And you gave your gifts to your 17-year-old niece? Rosie flipped over them, so I loaned them to her, yeah. What's the big deal? Somebody used Rosie's computer to visit Beau Soleil on a Wednesday night. Three days before she died. ♪ ...Table set before me ♪ 
♪ I will walk on those golden streets ♪ I work the night shift here on wednesdays. So it was Rosie. This, um... Social introduction service that you work for -- Any of the guys rough you up? No, never. But there's always a bad date out there, right? Right? There's a message board on Beau Soleil so the girls can warn each other. This girl... Few weeks back, she posted something. What'd she say? This guy... He drove her down to the water... And asked her if she ever wondered what it was like to drown. Did this guy have a name? I don't know. Something...Foreign. I don't remember his real name. What about the girl? Uh, Céline, I think. Someone e-erased the message on the board, or I'd show it to you. I'd do anything. Orpheus. I think the guy used the name Orpheus. Councilman, you can be pretty soft-spoken. Some people question whether you're up to managing this city. You know, a person's greatest weakness is often his greatest strength. I know how to build consensus. If people want more finger-pointing and bickering, they can sign up for four more years of mayor Adams. You weren't pointing fingers when you leaked the mayor's affair? Bill, I believe that a candidate's private life is his own business. So you're saying, for the record, that the leak did not originate from this campaign? That is correct, yes. Last week marked the second anniversary of your wife's death. Um...The week before, yes. Do you think she'd approve of how you've run your campaign? Councilman? Next question, please. We're still waiting for an answer. The councilman's personal life isn't relevant. Lily and I met... Sophomore year at dartmouth. I was a prep-school brat. She was the daughter of a Seattle city bus driver. She showed me parts of this city I never would've seen otherwise, from the beauty of a community vegetable garden to the loneliness of the homeless encampments on skid row. She was my compass. And if I am elected mayor in two weeks' time... It will be because of her. You want to run out the time, it's fine by me. I get paid either way. You do understand why I'm here. Yeah, to make sure I don't make bail. Don't worry -- 
Wife's already got that covered. I'm here to help you, Mr. Larsen. If you want out, you better start talking. I come home late from a move. My daughter's bike is in the garage. The daughter you lost. Pedals are spinning like she just got off it, and I call her name... "Rosie." She doesn't answer, so I go upstairs. And everybody's sitting around the table eating -- My wife, the boys, and Rosie... Except there's some other guy at the head of the table. Not me. It was a dream. How did it make you feel? Feel? I didn't feel nothing. How about your family? How were they doing? They were fine. So, who was that man at the table? Damn, we back to that now, huh? All right, fine. More for me and Jack. Just joking, Linden. You sure this is the address? This is where tech guy said that the server was dinged... Pinged, whatever. This Beau Soleil? No, this is pimp my feet. Pimp my feet? You want to buy some sneaks, go to my website -- pimpmyfeet.net. Well, what -- 
Hey, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo. Seattle PD. You mind if we take a tour? It's just a bunch of sneakers, man. Who cares? You want to take a look, be my guest. It's all legal. I got the paperwork. Yeah, nice shoe. Comes in... Black? How much? $90. $90? But you got to buy it online. I paid like $180 for mine, but, you know, they ain't hecho'd in Méjico. We can talk more about your fake sneaker biz. All right? Or your night job. Where are the servers? A friend of a friend hooked me up. I just host the site. Yeah. So give us the tour. All right, we're looking for a post by Céline. It's all about a guy -- 
Goes by the name Orpheus. This the one? Called the guy a creep. Said she thought he -- Wanted to drown her, yeah. We'll need her name and all of her info. Her real name. "Aleena Drizocki." This the guy you wanted? Orpheus? Yep. We'll need everything that you have on him -- All the girls that he booked, all the dates. Sorry, your boy Orpheus closed his account. What about his e-mail? Got that. It's a webmail account -- 
Fake names, proxy servers. When did he close the account? Looks like October 5th around 4:00 A.M. That's the night Rosie was killed. Boys just started their homework, finally. So I was just gonna get some Chinese. You okay with General Tsao's and some pork fried? Where's Belko? Should I just get him the usual, that crap that he likes 'cause he's disgusting? Belko's gone. What? I fired him. I thought you of all people would be happy about that. What happens when Stan gets home? I don't know. Well, when are you bailing him out? Oh, I'm not. We don't have any money. So you're just gonna let him sit there? Stan should've thought of that before he gambled away our entire savings account. Come on. Stan wouldn't do that. You don't know Stan. I know that he would do anything for you and the kids. Okay, so, what, you you -- You cook a few meals, you run a few errands, and now all of a sudden you're an expert on my life and my family? Screw you, Mitch. You didn't even know your own daughter. You never let her do anything. It was always "college this" and "college that." You suffocated her. Well, what was I supposed to do? Just let her run around and sneak into bars and get high so she could be like her cool aunt Terry, who's still living like she's 17 and working in a bar? Maybe... She just wanted other things. I mean, didn't you ever want other things? No, I didn't, Terry. But apparently you knew my daughter better than I did, so... I didn't. Maybe none of us knew her. I KNOW WHAT YOU DID She show up yet, your big date? No, she's late. I'm telling you, Linden, customer service just ain't what it used to be. Yeah, well, Aleena's posting's are our only link to Orpheus, so you better be willing to put out, Holder. Yo, speaking of, when are you going on some dates? You know, your man in Cali's MIA and Jack's running off to Chicago. Linden, you there? Did you know Drexler is one of Richmond's top donors? So? Richmond might know something relevant. M-my date's here. Be safe. Edward? Céline. Enchantée. Afterwards is fine... Yeah... For future ref. First date, huh? They make you say all that French stuff? Or is that your personal touch? If you're gonna get snippy, we can call it a night. It's too late, 'cause... We already made a deal. Three priors -- That's 90 days minimum... Mademoiselle. Don't you have anything better to do on a Friday night? Don't you? Shouldn't you be at the library right now, studying? I mean, it'd be a shame if you didn't graduate 'cause you had to stamp license plates. So... What now? We have a little convo. Sit down. Sit down. Face me. What about? Orpheus. Sorry, not familiar with the name. Is that why you warned all the girls to stay away from him? See, you were the dress rehearsal. She wasn't. He didn't seem like a killer. He seemed really sweet. Kind of sad. Till he took me down by the waterfront... Started to talk about what it would feel like to drown -- Water filling your lungs, hypothermia taking away all feeling. Started to creep me out. Okay, what was his name? They don't tell us that kind of stuff. That's bullshit. You know who he is. Otherwise you wouldn't be so damn scared. All right, look... Was it Tom Drexler? It was him, right? It was him. That could've been you in that trunk. If you're gonna take me in, then do it. Otherwise, you're wasting my time. Larsen, you made bail. Hey. Hey, ray, it's Linden. I need you to sit in front of my desk for me. Let me know if I get a response to an e-mail. Can't you just get e-mail on your phone? No, I don't use my phone as a computer. I've seen what it's done to my son. Got it. Thanks. Hello? You don't know what you're getting yourself into. If I testify, I want protection. Look, we'll talk, all right? Just tell me where you are. You want to know who Orpheus is, get to the corner of 5th and Jackson. Aleena? Come on in. I'm, uh, celebrating. Good news for a change? The daily record has decided  to endorse my run for mayor. Congratulations, councilman. A '77 Pétrus Pomerol. Pour you a glass? Thanks. I'm still on the city's dime. You mind if I... Not if your date doesn't. So, uh, what can I do for you, detective? I understand Tom Drexler's been a major contributor to your campaign. My campaign committee, yeah. So I assume you've vetted him pretty thoroughly. Is there something I need to be worried about? You know I can't tell you anything. No, of course not. But I might keep my distance. Oh, I'm sorry. I have to take this. Won't be a minute. Take your time. Hey. Hey, it's ray. Nothing from Orpheus yet. But he read your e-mail. He did? Yeah. Send it again. The same e-mail? Yeah. I want to flood this asshole's in-box. Got it. Firing away. Ray? Did you send the e-mail? Yeah, like a second ago. Send it again. Send the e-mail again. What are you doing? 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 