Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x10 - 72 Hours - The Killing 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x10 - 72 Hours https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=19&t=12482 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/30/12 00:14 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x10 - 72 Hours 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on AMC's The Killing... 
 Midnight flight opened tonight. Are you going? 
 I teach over 200 students, Rosie was different. 
 The kid who draw those trees... What happened to him? 
 Child Protective Services took him. 
 I was fourteen years old. 
 We see events differently. 
 Your badge. 
 Rosie was just on the website once, that's it. 
 Get out of my house! 
 What are you doing? 
 It's a key card. 
 There was someone else in here that night. 
 Damn it, Linden, turn off your flashlight. 
 It's off. 
 [ Groans ] 
 [ Sighs ] 
 [ Door opens ] 
 Then call your damn boss! I need to see her right now! 
 I told you, you can come back during visiting hours. 
 I'm a cop, make the call. 
 I'm sorry, sir, but there are  no  exceptions. 
 [ Scoffs ] 
 Your friend  is  being taken care of. 
 She's a danger to herself right now. 
 What the hell are you talking about? Screw this. 
 Sir, you need to leave-- Now! 
 Get out of my-- 
 Hey. Do you want me to make a call to my friends, huh? 
 We'll have a little rumble, huh? 
 Carlson: - Holder, what the hell are you doing?! - You want to go? 
 Sir! Sir, they're trying to frame her. 
 We need to get her out of here right now. 
 Sarah entered sovereign Indian land without a warrant-- 
 For that matter, a badge. 
 I told her numerous times-- 
 I told both of you to stay out of there. 
 I should have taken  your  badge! 
 She found evidence inside the casino that proves the tribe is covering up a murder. 
 Well, let's hope not because it will be completely inadmissible. 
 Look, Chief Jackson said she attacked a casino worker because she was trying to kill herself. 
 She's not suicidal, sir. And you know it. 
 You've seen what they're capable of! 
 Only a psychiatrist can get her out, Holder. 
 My hands are tied. 
 All right. 
 Oh, just a heads up-- 
 Call your boys down at county. 
 Rosie Larsen files - 
They up and disappeared somewhere between our house and theirs. 
 Guess you're in the wrong circle of trust, Lieutenant. 
 I need to use the phone. 
 Please. 
 I'd be happy to contact a family member for you, let them know you're here. 
 I need to talk to my partner. 
 You can't deny me reasonable access to a phone. 
 Of course, but you'll have to wait to make a personal phone call during the designated hours. 
 But this isn't a personal call. 
 I have important information regarding a case that needs to be relayed to my partner. 
 Right now you are impeding a murder investigation. 
 Sarah... The rules are in place. 
 That's fine. I'll write him a note. 
 No, if you want to write him a note, you can dictate it to me. 
 I'll make sure he gets it. 
 When was the last time you ate something? 
 Slept? 
 I don't have to be in here. 
 You're on suicide watch, Sarah. 
 It's only for 72 hours. 
 Maybe you should get some rest. 
 I'm sorry I yelled at you. I shouldn't have done that. 
 You were right, Terry. 
 I was so busy feeling sorry for myself I couldn't see what was happening to the boys. 
 Even before Rosie... 
 I acted like if... 
 I pretended like everything was okay, it would be. 
 You're being too hard on yourself, Stan. 
 Tommy killed some birds at school today. 
 He's suspended for two weeks. 
 He's angry... 
 With everything that's happening. 
 Mitch leaving. 
 I just don't know what else to do. 
 Stan... 
 ...what happens if the cops never find the guy? 
 [ Sighs ] 
 You're angry 'cause you can't let go. 
 The boys can see it. 
 They're holding their breath wondering when it'll be okay to start living again. 
 You got to try, Stan. 
 How do I do that? 
 Maybe you fix what you can. 
 And I don't know. 
 Maybe then you forgive yourself. 
 [ Electricity buzzes ] 
 [ Groans ] 
 Love you. Bye. 
 See you. 
 Okay. 
 Have a good day. 
 Bye. 
 [ Door closes ] 
 Hey, you Regi? 
 Can I help you? 
 Yeah, I'm-- 
I'm Stephen Holder. 
 Linden's partner. 
 Sarah found evidence in that casino linking Rosie Larsen's death to city hall. 
 Now they got her locked up for three days until the election's over and the case is buried for good. 
 And... What-- What is it that you want  me  to do? 
 Well, could you call someone, pull some strings? 
 I thought you worked in Social Services or something. 
 Well, other than the hospital doctors, the only person that can get her released is her psychiatrist. 
 Okay. W-who is she? You got her number? 
 I can't give you that information, and I'm pretty sure Sarah wouldn't want me to. 
 There's proof in that casino proving that Sarah isn't crazy and how this all connects to the mayor. 
 Did-- Did you see the proof... With your own eyes, or is that just what Sarah told you? 
 Come on. 
 I can see that you care about her. So do I. 
 You're the only family she's got. 
 And I don't like it that she's in there and she doesn't want to be. 
 But I've seen what she does to herself. 
 Who's taking care of Jack? 
 He's in Chicago with his dad. 
 [ Scoffs ] 
 Work is the last thing that she needs right now. 
 It's why she got put in there in the first place. 
 I've seen what happens to her when she neglects everything else in her life. 
 When she thinks that she needs that case more than she needs sleep or food, more than her own son. 
 This is-- This is how it started the last time. 
 Well, this time is different. 
 [ Sea gull cries ] 
 [ Inhales deeply ] 
 [ Speed-dialing, ringing ] 
 Ray: Yeah. 
 Yo, Ray, it's Holder. 
 I can't be talking to you. 
 Carlson's orders. I thought you were on sick leave. 
 Hey, check out something for me. 
 Mayor Adams, Waterfront Project, and Michael Ames. 
 All right, I need any info you can get on Ames' company, Columbia Domain Fund, and the waterfront. 
 Like what? 
 Looking for anything dirty-- 
Arrests, union complaints, building code violations-- 
I don't know. Just do it. 
 You there? 
 [ Keys clacking ] 
Yeah, yeah, I'm checking. 
 One arrest at the waterfront on record. 
 Couple of weeks ago, 9th precinct picked up a guy who broke in. 
 They cut him loose. No charges. 
 Look, you're reaching, bro. 
 Couple of weeks ago? What was the date? 
 October 5th. 
 The night Rosie Larsen was killed. 
 Yeah, there were dozen other crimes that night. 
 It doesn't mean it had anything to do with Rosie-- 
 [ Indistinct conversation ] 
 [ Breathing heavily ] 
 What the hell are you doing here? 
 Stan: Mr. Ahmed... 
 I was wrong. 
 I know Rosie cared for you... 
 That she came to say goodbye that night, and that's all. 
 You stay away from my family, or I'm calling the cops. 
 Do you understand? 
 You've done  enough. 
 Now, get out of here. 
 Get out of here! 
 [ Door opens ] 
 She's right here. 
 Okay. Thank you. 
 I'm Dr. Kerry. 
 It's nice to meet you. 
 This is all a terrible mistake. I can explain everything. 
 Do you mind if I call you Sarah? 
 The nurse already told me-- 
You were working a case. 
 Yes, I am. 
 But you have been suspended from the police department. 
 So you can't actually be doing that if you're no longer a detective, can you? 
 A few days ago, you and your son fled from Child Protective Services who were responding to reports of neglect. 
 Since then, they've been unable to locate a residence for you. 
 Where have you been staying? 
 At a friend's. 
 The woman who found you on the 10th floor of the casino said that you were about to jump. 
 And when she tried to pull you back, you fought with her, she sustained some injuries. 
 That's not what happened. I didn't touch her. 
 I am not here to keep you against your will, Sarah. 
 Then let me out. 
 I'd like to. 
 So if you talk to me, then I can help you. 
 I'll be making the final recommendation about your release, and so if you're cooperative, you can be out of here a lot sooner than the 72-hour hold, okay? 
 Can you tell me about this? 
 It's a photocopy of a drawing that you brought with you last time you were admitted here. 
 Dr. Felder notes that it had some significance to the case that you were working at that time. 
 I think that we should start by talking about that case and the last time you were here. 
 Thank you. Thank you all for having me. It's really good to be here. 
 Really. 
 Good to see you, Councilman. 
 Darren, we're still 7 points down. Polls aren't budging. 
 We should be out there courting votes we  don't  already have. 
 If we can't beat Adams in ad space, we'll beat him here on the ground. 
 Okay. Well, at least one of us should be doing real work. 
 I'll be at the office. 
 He'll be all right. 
 He doesn't like to lose. 
 Well, you two have that in common. 
 You're not so comfortable with that yourself. 
 I'm glad you're doing this. 
 I think you should finish the way you started. 
 No backroom deals, no compromises-- 
 Just being yourself. 
 Naive? 
 Genuine. 
 Man: - Yo, that's out of bounds. Woman: - Guard him! 
 Blue ball. Blue ball. 
[ Laughs ] 
 Who thinks I can make a basket? 
 [ Cheers and applause ] Huh? 
 Cool. 
 Yes, I can! 
 You got it. 
 Oh, no, I can't. 
 [ All groan ] 
 Didn't say I'd make it the first time. No. 
 [ Cheers and applause ] 
 Whoo! 
 All right, let's play! 
 [ Laughs ] Here we go. 
 Dr. Kerry: Your file says you're a smoker. 
 Would you like a cigarette? 
 This office does have  some  perks. 
 So....Tell me about that case. 
 Isn't it in the file? 
 Mm, I'd like to hear it from you. 
 It was, uh, nonstop working a murder. 
 Every cop goes through it-- 
Not sleeping, not eating. 
 But they don't all end up here. 
 I should have taken better care of myself, and I didn't, and that's it. 
 [ Inhales deeply ] 
 You were brought here by a Regi Darnell. 
 Your 10-year-old son, Jack, called her. 
 He was scared. 
 You hadn't been out of your bedroom for several days. 
 [ Breathes deeply ] 
 Why don't you tell me about this drawing? 
 I was called to the scene by patrol. 
 Hooker had been slashed. 
 Killed. 
 Her body was decomposing in her apartment. 
 The smell alerted the neighbors. 
 Her 6-year-old son was inside. 
 They had to break down the front door. 
 He couldn't reach the chain. 
 He'd been inside with his mother's body for a week, hiding in a closet waiting for someone to come. 
 I took him to the kitchen to wait for Child Protective Services to come. 
 He drew that-- 
Again and again. 
 What was his name? The boy. 
 Adrian. 
 That must have been horrible... 
 For you to see that. 
 You've probably seen a lot of horrible things. 
 It must get to you. 
 What about you? 
 Spending your days talking to crazy people. 
 Hard to not let that in, right? 
 [ Inhales sharply ] 
 Looks like trees and a hill. 
 I mean, it's-- 
It's quite peaceful, actually. 
 You don't see this image as peaceful? 
 Well, he drew it over and over while his mother was rotting away in the other room, so... 
 No, I don't. 
 What happened to that boy? To Adrian. 
 He ended up in the foster system. 
 I'd expect more than that clumsy cigarette move from you. 
 But then maybe that's why you ended up here. 
 Bottom-of-the-barrel psych unit. It must get to you. 
 [ Indistinct conversations ] 
 Hey, you need to keep blanketing downtown and Rainier Valley with those things. 
 It should have been done yesterday! 
 What the hell's wrong with you people? 
 Go on, get out of here! 
 Let's go, guys. 
 [ Indistinct conversations ] 
 Patty, come here a minute. 
 Who closed the office last night? 
 Holder: You were the arresting officer the night of October 5th? 
 Yeah. Dep comm's always riding us. 
 But I got my ass chewed out for it. 
 You got a name on the guy you arrested? 
 Yeah. 
 Joseph Nowak. 
 Yeah, I got a noise complaint a few blocks away. 
 When I drove past, I see some guy slipping under the fence out of the construction site. 
 Well, what time was that? 
 Around 9:30. 
 Brought him down to the station, let him make his call. 
 Next thing I know, I got the project manager calling saying the guy works for him, telling me, "cut him loose." 
 You talked to Michael Ames? 
 That guy's a prick. 
 He's lying through his teeth. 
 Whatever Nowak was doing there, it wasn't construction. 
 Yeah, he had a bad attitude, smelled like a con. 
 I ran him through CODIS-- 
Nowak works for the mob. 
 Who's he work for? 
 Janek Kovarsky. 
 [ Scoffs ] 
All right. Thanks. 
 Before your suspension, you were working on the Rosie Larsen murder case. 
 Pretty high profile. Lots of stress? 
 Why are we talking about this? 
 Well, because that's why you're here. 
 I thought I was here because I was trying to kill myself. 
 Rosie Larsen was a 17-year-old senior-- 
 Good student, seemingly nice family-- 
 Someone killed her, put her in the trunk of a car and pushed it into a lake. 
 Why do you say "seemingly"? 
 You said, "seemingly nice family." 
 We all have secrets. 
 You, me, Larsen family, dead girl. 
 And that's what you do? You find out people's secrets? 
 They leave them behind. 
 Sometimes it's what got them killed. 
 Sometimes it's just... 
[ Sighs ] 
 It's as though they're trying to tell you something. 
 The victim. 
 Is that what Rosie Larsen was doing? 
 She was trying to tell you something. 
 She was drowned in the trunk of a car. 
 And you found Adrian in a dark closet. 
 What does that mean to you, Sarah? 
 Nothing. 
 Then it's because they were children? 
 No, I've worked child murders before. 
 Then why did these two cases mean so much to you? 
 I've been cooperative. I've answered your questions. 
 Now I'd like to know when I'm getting out of here. 
 Let's take a break for now. 
 No. You said all I had to do was talk and you'd let me go. 
 Well, I think that you need to stay here for a little bit longer. 
 How much longer? 
 Possibly through the end of the week. 
 You need to rest, eat, get into a normal routine. 
 You can't keep me here. I did what you asked. 
 I answered your questions, and now I need to leave. 
 It's not a punishment, you being here, Sarah. 
 You  can't  keep me here. 
 I need to get out of here right now. 
 
 
 
 Sarah-- You lied to me! 
 No, that is  not  true. 
 Don't-- Don't you touch me! 
 That is not true. That is not true. 
 Don't touch me! 
 Don't you touch me! 
 Calm down. 
 What are you doing?! Let me go! 
 Sarah, you need to relax. 
 You promised me! 
 Calm down. It's gonna be-- 
 I shouldn't be here! I shouldn't be here! 
 All right, thank you. Thank you for your support. 
 Okay. Okay, bye. 
 [ Sighs ] 
 Looks like we'll be able to buy some of that ad space the mayor hasn't already grabbed up. 
 And... 
 [ Sighs ] 
Where did you get this? 
 We're so close, Darren. 
 The next three days will determine this election. 
 Jamie. 
 I found it in here. 
 Gwen closed the office last night. 
 Alone. 
 Any idea why she'd be meeting with the mayor? 
 [ Sighs ] 
 [ Sighs ] 
 [ Dialing ] 
 [ Ringing ] 
 [ Sighs ] 
 Rosie:  Hi, it's Rosie. I'm not around right now. 
 But I'll be back soon. Leave a message. Bye. [  Beep  ] [ Hoarsely ] Hi, bean. It's daddy. I'm calling 'cause I don't know what else to do because... [ Crying ] I'm sorry. It never should have been a secret to you... That I chose to be your dad. It was the best decision I ever made. [ Sobs softly ] You've... always been... the best thing about me. The very best thing. Bye. 
[ Sobs ] [ Receiver hangs up ] [ Sea gulls squawking ] [ Indistinct conversations ] Woman: Visiting hours are almost over. Hey. How you holding up, Linden? We don't have a lot of time. What do you got? There was a break-in at the waterfront the night of Rosie's death. Janek Kovarsky's guy. He gets arrested. Ames doesn't press charges. An hour later, we got Ames canceling his weekend plans and heading to the casino to meet with Chief Jackson, most likely. And someone from city hall. I saw a white key card. So they were planning something at the waterfront, and it went wrong when Kovarsky's guy got arrested. We're close, Linden. Hey. Hey, look at me. I saw a white key card from city hall. What'd they do to you? Please, don't leave me here. I'm gonna get you out of here. Sir, it's time. Just hang tight for a couple of hours. I'm not leaving you in here. You hear? I'm  not  leaving you here. [ Machinery whirring ] [ Indistinct conversation ] Joseph Nowak? Hey! Yeah? Where you running, fool? Huh? Aah! 
[ Gun cocks ] Huh? What were you doing at the waterfront the night of October 5th? Why didn't Ames press charges? Huh?! You can't shoot me. You're a cop. Tell me what you were doing for Ames that night at the waterfront. [ Car door opens, closes ] Get out of my car. The night Rosie Larsen was killed, there was a break-in at the waterfront. All our players are involved. Janek Kovarsky's thug breaks into the mayor's construction site. Project manager Michael Ames chose not to press charges. So what? Here's the best part. I spoke to Janek's boy. Says he was given an order that night to break in and bury some Indian bones. So Janek's boy, he was supposed to be protected. He was gonna get in, bury the bones, get out, inside job. Except our boys at the 9th precinct, they weren't in on it. They arrested him. I'm guessing our players get scared their boy's gonna talk. They head out to the casino to meet with Nicole Jackson. Rosie Larsen overhears the conversation. Gets herself killed. Lieu... This goes all the way to the top. This goes all the way to city hall. Why would the mayor sabotage his own project? It's the cornerstone of his campaign. And why would Ames sabotage the biggest construction project he's had in years? Unless they both knew another payday'd come... And it'd be bigger. You're on the wrong side Lieutenant. And they're using you. I need her psychiatrist's name and number. You've got it. It's in her file. Let's solve this case. Gwen: Hey. Have you seen that video? Uh, what video? My in-box is flooded with this thing. It's from the event this morning. [ Keys clacking ] It's you playing basketball with those kids. It's gone viral. Richmond:  ...Opportunity for healing. See, I-I find that all adversity opens the past. Is this your work or Jamie's? Neither. Someone in the crowd took it on a phone and put it on the internet. These people love you, Darren. They're rooting for you. But by facing it... What's wrong? This is good for us. [ Inhales deeply ] An intern found it. In here. You closed the office last night. I asked him to meet me here. I thought... I hoped he would back off because of what I had on him. Go ahead. [ Sighs ] [ Sighs ] The summer before high school, he was working for my father. He was over at the house all the time. He'd ask me questions. He seemed interested in me. [ Sighs ] G-Gwen, you don't have to tell me anything, you don't... One night we were in the living room alone. My dad was in the kitchen. And he leaned over, and he... That was my first kiss. I was 14 years old. I want this so badly for you, Darren. Gwen... I don't get it. [ Laughing ] 
How am I so bad at this game? [ Door opens ] [ Both chuckle ] Hi, dad. You want some food? Everybody close your eyes. It's a surprise. Close your eyes. All right. Open them. 
[ Gasps ] Denny: Sweet! Is it ours? 
[ Laughs ] Yeah. It's all yours. Just don't let him make a mess in the house. Plus you got to feed him. You got to walk him. - This is awesome. [ Chuckling ] 
He only has one eye. Maybe it's a pirate dog. He's huge! Oh, yeah. What should we name him? You can take care of him, bud, right? Yeah. [ Smooches ] 
Denny: Yeah, awesome. Oh, my God! [ Urinating ] Whoa! Here we go! Gross! Go get paper towels. Quick, quick. Did you press a button? [ Laughs ] - No. Hurry. Toss them to me. He's so slobbery. Here. Oh, my gosh. It's right there. Right there. Hey, careful when you tickle him, he don't sh1t on the carpet, all right? [ Laughter ] Oh! I can't believe we got a dog. Denny: - Yeah. [ Moans softly ] Sarah: How Rosie's body was found... It doesn't make sense. Her killer chased her through the woods for hours. He beat her. It takes... Determination... Hate to do that. But she was alive when she went in the water. The killer didn't want to see her eyes when she finally died. Why? Well, how does that relate to Adrian's mother's murder, Sarah? I don't know. It doesn't. There's something meaningful about these two cases, so... What is it? My old partner, he was... the primary. He was convinced the dad was the doer. Said... dad probably panicked and left through the fire-escape window. Neighbors saw him in the building 20 minutes before time of death... Heard an argument, said they were always fighting. We put him away. So you caught the killer in Adrian's case. The dad lived in that apartment. He knew it was a sh1t hole. No one ever called the cops on him. So why... would he leave through a window? Risk attracting attention on the street. Why not... walk right out the front door? So you don't think the father did it. No. I don't. Dr. Kerry: Did your partner feel the same way, that you'd arrested the wrong man? He was the primary, more senior than me. The department was satisfied, and I gave up trying to convince them at some point. And do you feel guilty about that? [ Sighs ] I listened to them. I should have... [ Sighs ] I should have listened to him. He was trying to tell me something. I should have listened. To who? To Adrian? Is that why you brought the drawing with you last time, Sarah? He was trying to tell you something with it? Is that why you've continued to investigate the Rosie Larsen murder, even on suspension? They'll bury this case. They'll make it go away. Sarah... maybe... what they went through is something you relate to. Have you ever thought about that? What? I told you why it matters. Let's talk about your mother. About when she abandoned you. You sit there in that chair across from me thinking you'll get to the heart of it. That you can help me, that you can save me. It must feel good thinking that. Justifying your little life with that. [ Sighs ] Is that how  you  feel, Sarah? Hmm? With your victims? No, they're dead. They don't need saving anymore. She left you... in the apartment... alone... Wwhen you were 5 years old. Do you remember that? No. Surely you must have  some  memories. The lights had been turned off. She hadn't paid the bill. That's all I remember. CPS found you the next morning after she left. So you spent the night in that place alone? That was a long time ago. I'm fine now. [ Breathes raggedly ] Your son is gone. You were supposed to be married a few days ago. You've lost your job. Really? Whatever you want me to say, I'll say it. [ Voice breaking ] 
Just please let me go. Then you spent the night alone in the dark... [ Knock on door, door opens ] Ellen: Excuse me, Dr. Kerry? Give us a second, please. Sarah's being officially released. She'll be... out in a minute. Sarah, go ahead. What were you going to say? She know I'm here? No. I'll help get her out, but I can't be involved anymore. She's your responsibility now. I'm Dr. Felder. I faxed over the paperwork to release Sarah Linden into my care. Yes, of course. Here you go. [ Sighs ] Sign here, please. Thank you. [ Buzzer sounds ] Nice work on the Richmond video. The room's been taken care of. They won't find anything. [ Drilling ] There are only three episodes left until Rosie Larsen's killer is revealed. We gotta get that key card. What was the mayor doing there? I want her off the streets. I've done everything I can possibly do. We're gonna do this again? No, today we ain't. You can arrest her. We've got eyes on the suspect... We've got a surveillance team on us? For a longer look at the next episode of AMC's The Killing go to amctv.com 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 