{"url": "https://www.rev.com/blog/transcripts/barack-obama-joe-biden-endorsement-speech-transcript", "title": "Barack Obama Joe Biden Endorsement Speech Transcript", "date": "2020-04-14", "candidates": ["Barack Obama"], "other_speakers": [], "description": "In an online video speech on April 14, Barack Obama officially endorsed his former Vice President Joe Biden for the 2020 presidency. Read the full transcript of his endorsement announcement here.\u00a0Transcribe Your Own Content Try Rev for free and save time transcribing. Transcribe or caption speeches, interviews, meetings, town halls, phone calls, and more. Rev is the largest, most trusted, fastest, and most accurate provider of transcription services and closed captioning & subtitling services in the world.", "parts": [{"number": null, "video": "https://www.rev.com/transcript-editor/shared/P5WnymBCe5tsZxKARrrfA_MHyAkqJtyTFyPMY3x6V8k95Y5_9SqfrsckB4tFZzMTlTuhU9j-W4RzRAaPmNZ1TeW5Xek?loadFrom=PastedDeeplink", "text": [{"speaker": "Barack Obama", "time": "00:00", "text": "Hi everybody. Let me start by saying the obvious, these aren\u2019t normal times. As we all manage our way through a pandemic unlike anything we\u2019ve seen in a century, Michelle and I hope that you and your families are safe and well. If you\u2019ve lost somebody to this virus or if someone in your life is sick or if you\u2019re one of the millions suffering economic hardship, please know that you\u2019re in our prayers. Please know that you\u2019re not alone. Because now\u2019s the time for all of us to help where we can and to be there for each other, as neighbors, as coworkers, and as fellow citizens. In fact over the past weeks, we\u2019ve seen plenty of examples of the kind of courage, kindness, and selflessness that we\u2019re going to need to get through one of the most difficult times in our history. Michelle and I have been amazed at the incredible bravery of our medical professionals who are putting their lives on the line to save others."}, {"speaker": "Barack Obama", "time": "01:00", "text": "The public servants and health officials battling this disease. The workers taking risks every day to keep our economy running. And everyone who\u2019s making their own sacrifice at home with their families all for the greater good. But if there\u2019s one thing we\u2019ve learned as a country from moments of great crisis, it\u2019s that the spirit of looking out for one another can\u2019t be restricted to our homes or our workplaces, or our neighborhoods, or our houses of worship. It also has to be reflected in our national government. The kind of leadership that\u2019s guided by knowledge and experience; honesty and humility, empathy and grace. That kind of leadership doesn\u2019t just belong in our state capitols and mayors offices. It belongs in the White House. And that\u2019s why I\u2019m so proud to endorse Joe Biden for President of the United States. Choosing Joe to be my Vice President was one of the best decisions I ever made and he became a close friend. And I believe Joe has all the qualities we need in a president right now."}, {"speaker": "Barack Obama", "time": "02:08", "text": "He\u2019s someone whose own life has taught him how to persevere, how to bounce back when you\u2019ve been knocked down. When Joe talks with parents who\u2019ve lost their jobs, we hear the son of a man who once knew the pain of having to tell his children that he\u2019d lost his. When Joe talks about opportunity for our kids, we hear the young father who took the train home each night so he could tuck his children into bed and we hear the influence of Jill, a lifelong teacher. When Joe talks to families who\u2019ve lost a hero, we hear another parent of an American veteran, a kindred spirit, somebody whose faith has endured the hardest loss there is. That\u2019s Joe. Through all his trials, he\u2019s never once forgotten the values or the moral fiber that his parents passed onto him and that made him who he is. That\u2019s what steels his faith, in God, in America and in all of us."}, {"speaker": "Barack Obama", "time": "03:09", "text": "That steel made him an incredible partner when I needed one the most. Joe was there as we rebuilt from the Great Recession and rescued the American auto industry. He was the one asking what every policy would do for the middle class and everyone striving to get into the middle-class. That\u2019s why I asked him to implement the Recovery Act, which saved millions of jobs and got people back on their feet because Joe gets stuff done. Joe helped me manage H1N1 and prevent the Ebola epidemic from becoming the type of pandemic we\u2019re seeing now. He helped me restore America\u2019s standing and leadership in the world on the other threats of our time, like nuclear proliferation and climate change. Joe has the character and the experience to guide us through one of our darkest times and heal us through a long recovery. And I know he\u2019ll surround himself with good people. Experts, scientists, military officials, who actually know how to run the government and care about doing a good job running the government and know how to work with our allies and who will always put the American people\u2019s interests above their own."}, {"speaker": "Barack Obama", "time": "04:21", "text": "Now, Joe will be a better candidate for having run the gauntlet of primaries and caucuses alongside one of the most impressive Democratic fields ever. Each of our candidates were talented and decent with the track record of accomplishment, smart ideas, and serious visions for the future. And that\u2019s certainly true of the candidate who made it farther than any other, Bernie Sanders. Bernie\u2019s an American original, a man who has devoted his life to giving voice to working people\u2019s hopes, dreams and frustrations. He and I haven\u2019t always agreed on everything, but we\u2019ve always shared a conviction that we have to make America a fair, more just, more equitable society. We both know that nothing is more powerful than millions of voices calling for change and the ideas he\u2019s championed, the energy and enthusiasm he inspired, especially in young people, will be critical in moving America in a direction of progress and hope. Because for the second time in 12 years, we\u2019ll have the incredible task of rebuilding our economy and to meet the moment, the Democratic Party will have to be bold."}, {"speaker": "Barack Obama", "time": "05:37", "text": "I could not be prouder of the incredible progress that we made together during my presidency, but if I were running today, I wouldn\u2019t run the same race or have the same platform as I did in 2008. The world is different. There\u2019s too much unfinished business for us to just look backwards. We have to look to the future. Bernie understands that and Joe understands that. It\u2019s one of the reasons that Joe already has what is the most progressive platform of any major party nominee in history. Because even before the pandemic turned the world upside down, it was already clear that we needed real structural change. The vast inequalities created by the new economy are easier to see now, but they existed long before this pandemic hit. Health professionals, teachers, delivery drivers, grocery clerks, cleaners, the people who truly make our economy run, they\u2019ve always been essential."}, {"speaker": "Barack Obama", "time": "06:42", "text": "And for years, too many of the people who do the essential work of this country have been underpaid, financially stressed and given too little support. And that applies to the next generation of Americans, young people graduating into unprecedented unemployment. They\u2019re going to need economic policies that give them faith in the future and give them relief from crushing student loan debt. So we need to do more than just tinker around the edges with tax credits or underfunded programs. We have to go further to give everybody a great education, a lasting career and a stable retirement. We have to protect the gains we made with the Affordable Care Act, but, it\u2019s also time to go further. We should make plans affordable for everyone, provide everyone with a public option, expand Medicare and finish the job so that healthcare isn\u2019t just a right but a reality for everybody."}, {"speaker": "Barack Obama", "time": "07:44", "text": "We have to return the US to the Paris Agreement and lead the world in reducing the pollution that causes climate change. That science tells us, we have to go much further, that it\u2019s time for us to accelerate progress on bold new green initiatives that make our economy a clean energy innovator, save us money and secure our children\u2019s future."}, {"speaker": "Barack Obama", "time": "08:08", "text": "Of course, Democrats may not always agree on every detail of the best way to bring about each and every one of these changes. But we do agree that they\u2019re needed and that only happens if we win this election because one thing everybody has learned by now is that the Republicans occupying the White House and running the US Senate are not interested in progress. They\u2019re interested in power. They\u2019ve shown themselves willing to kick millions off the health insurance and eliminate preexisting condition protections for millions more. Even in the middle of this public health crisis, even as they\u2019re willing to spend $1 trillion on tax cuts for the wealthy, they\u2019ve given polluters unlimited power to poison our air and our water and denied the science of climate change just as they denied the science of pandemics."}, {"speaker": "Barack Obama", "time": "09:10", "text": "Repeatedly, they\u2019ve disregarded American principles of rule of law and voting rights and transparency, basic norms that previous administrations observed regardless of party. Principles that are the bedrock of our democracy. So our country\u2019s future hangs on this election, and it won\u2019t be easy. The other side has a massive war chest. The other side has a propaganda network with little regard for the truth. On the other hand, pandemics have a way of cutting through a lot of noise and spin to remind us of what is real and what is important. This crisis has reminded us that government matters. It\u2019s reminded us that good government matters, that facts and science matter, that the rule of law matters. That having leaders who are informed and honest and seek to bring people together rather than drive them apart. Those kinds of leaders matter."}, {"speaker": "Barack Obama", "time": "10:27", "text": "In other words, elections matter. Right now we need Americans of goodwill to unite in a great awakening against a politics that too often has been characterized by corruption, carelessness, self dealing, disinformation, ignorance and just plain meanness. And to change that, we need Americans of all political stripes, to get involved in our politics and our public life like never before. For those of us who believe in building a more just, more generous, more democratic America where everybody has a fair shot at opportunity. For those of us who believe in a government that cares about the many and not just the few. For those of us who love this country and are willing to do our part to make sure it lives up to its highest ideals. Now\u2019s the time to fight for what we believe in. So join us, join Joe, go to joebiden.com right now. Make a plan for how you are going to get involved. Keep taking care of yourself and your families and each other. Keep believing in the possibilities of a better world and I will see you on the campaign trail as soon as I can. Thanks."}]}]}