{"url": "https://www.rev.com/blog/transcripts/transcript-tulsi-gabbard-drops-out-of-race-endorses-biden", "title": "Tulsi Gabbard Drops Out of Race, Endorses Biden", "date": "2020-04-16", "candidates": ["Tulsi Gabbard"], "other_speakers": [], "description": "Tulsi Gabbard announced today in an online video that she is dropping out of the 2020 presidential race, and endorsing Joe Biden for president.", "parts": [{"number": 1, "video": "https://www.rev.com/transcript-editor/shared/uYcccmuLBQbcAb_nAzimNJLVJZEsoT2FuloCxWUbvH6WsWN2YFqlUv-sCOJk4e-VrSv5ueSbqyOwPKkT-6mD0wpE_wk?loadFrom=PastedDeeplink", "text": [{"speaker": "Tulsi Gabbard", "time": "00:00", "text": "Our nation is facing an unprecedented global crisis that highlights the inextricable bonds of humanity and how foreign policy and domestic policy are inseparable. We are all in this together and we must all rise to meet this moment in service to our country and our fellow man. This is not the first time that we have faced adversity together, and it will not be the last. After the terrorist attack by Al-Qaeda on our country on 9/11, we stood together as Americans motivated to serve, marshaling our forces to defeat our common enemy. I and so many Americans all across this country enlisted in the military to do just that. Likewise, today as Americans and all of humanity we face a common enemy. It is once again time as Americans and as neighbors in this global community that we stand together once again and work hand in hand to defeat this new enemy, the Corona virus."}, {"speaker": "Tulsi Gabbard", "time": "01:09", "text": "Throughout my life and throughout this campaign, my motivation has been to serve God, our country and the American people as best I can. I feel that the best way that I can be of service at this time is to continue to work for the health and wellbeing of the people of Hawaii and our country in Congress, and to stand ready to serve in uniform should the Hawaii National Guard be activated. Now, after Tuesday\u2019s election, it\u2019s clear that democratic primary voters have chosen vice president Joe Biden to be the person who will take on president Trump in the general election. I know vice president Biden and his wife, and I\u2019m grateful to have called his son Beau a friend, who also served in the National Guard. Although I may not agree with the vice president on every issue, I know that he has a good heart and he\u2019s motivated by his love for our country and the American people."}, {"speaker": "Tulsi Gabbard", "time": "02:05", "text": "I\u2019m confident that he will lead our country guided by the spirit of Aloha, respect and compassion, and thus help heal the divisiveness that has been tearing our country apart. So today I\u2019m suspending my presidential campaign and offering my full support to vice president Joe Biden in his quest to bring our country together. I will continue to advocate for a 21st century foreign policy. One that\u2019s based on mutual respect and cooperation instead of confrontation, where we as a community of nations can work together to overcome the great challenges that our people face, preventing and stopping pandemics like the Corona virus that is now affecting all of us, tackling climate change, combating terrorism, removing the existential threat of nuclear war that hangs over the heads of all of us. I will continue to do everything that I can to help bring about an end to the new cold war and nuclear arms race, and end regime change wars which are costing us trillions of dollars, so that we can invest these precious resources in the needs of the American people."}, {"speaker": "Tulsi Gabbard", "time": "03:24", "text": "Things like health care, rebuilding our infrastructure, education, and so much more. I want to extend my best wishes to my friends, Senator Bernie Sanders, his wife, Jane, Nina Turner, and their many supporters for the work that they\u2019ve done. I have such a great appreciation for Senator Sander\u2019s love for our country and the American people, and his sincere desire to improve the lives of all Americans. To the many people all across our country who have dedicated their time and energy and resources to my campaign, working tirelessly to help get our message out, I want to thank you from the bottom of my heart. I look forward to speaking to you more in the coming days about why I made this decision and how we can continue to work together for our common course."}]}]}