Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x06 - The Fix - Person of Interest 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x06 - The Fix https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=195&t=12055 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/30/11 22:08 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x06 - The Fix 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 You are being watched. 
 The government has a secret system. 
 A machine that spies on you every hour of every day. 
 I know because I built it. 
 I designed the machine to detect acts of terror but it sees everything. 
 Violent crimes involving ordinary people, people like you. 
 Crimes the government considered irrelevant. 
 They wouldn't act, so I decided I would. 
 But I needed a partner-- 
 Someone with the skills to intervene. 
 Hunted by the authorities, we work in secret. 
 You will never find us. 
 But victim or perpetrator, if you're number's up, we'll find you. 
 Woman: You know why I'm here. You know how I feel. 
 I can't hide it anymore. 
 What we're doing is wrong. 
 You're not my regular guy. 
 He's sick. 
 They called me to fill in at the last moment. 
 Callahan car service. 
 Zoe Morgan. You changed my driver. 
 Sorry for the inconvenience Ms. Morgan, but Bill's come down with laryngitis. 
 Caught it from his son. 
 Which son? 
 Andy. The younger one. 
 We sent our best driver in his place. 
 I'll be the judge of that. 
 No small talk, no questions, just stay in the car, and you keep your eyes on the road. 
 We'll settle up at the end of the night. 
 I look forward to it. 
 [Cell phone chimes] 
 Little trouble picking this lock, Mr. Reese. 
 It's not as easy as it looks. 
 Never mind, I'm in. 
 She dropped out of law school, no current employer. 
 But she buys a $2 million dollar apartment for cash three years ago. 
 What's she gotten herself mixed up in? 
 Where does she keep the things she cares about? 
 Where do you? 
 I don't have any things I care about. 
 Slip. 
 Zoe. 
 You got it? 
 You know I always come through for you. 
 Be good, Slip. 
 She just paid for something. 
 A lot of money. Cash. 
 Do you know what it is? 
 No. 
 You wanna know where people hide things, Finch? 
 Underneath. 
 [Exhales] 
 Keep your eyes on the road. 
 Uh-oh. 
 Leave it running, I won't be long. 
 Finch, the item she bought was a gun. 
 But she's already got a gun in her living room. 
 Why does she need another one? 
 Only reason you buy a gun off the streets so it's untraceable. 
 Possible her number came up because she plans to kill someone. 
 [Dramatic music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Finch, she's a shooter. 
 Target's a cop. 
 Lieutenant Gilmore. 
 You owe me one. 
 And so does the cop who left his side arm in a subway bathroom. 
 Believe me. He knows. 
 You saved a good cop's career. 
 We need all the men we can get right now. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 You sure this doesn't have to do with the fact that he's your nephew? 
 Either way, I'm grateful. 
 In a perfect world, gratitude would be enough. 
 That politically motivated investigation that you're running into councilman rush... about time you wrap it up. 
 Don't you think? 
 Now I know where the term, "necessary evil" comes from. 
 That makes us square? 
 No, but it's a good start. 
 See anything interesting tonight? 
 Nothing worth mentioning. 
 Be here tomorrow. 
 10:00 sharp. 
 I hope you're out of there, Finch. 
 Do you know what she does, yet? 
 She does favors for a price. 
 She's a fixer. 
 Assuming then that she's the victim, any idea who'd want to take her out? 
 Who wouldn't? 
 What do you got, Terney? 
 Vincent Deluca. 
 71 years old, public service homicide if you ask me. 
 The guy was an enforcer for La Cosa Nostra in Brighton beach. 
 Stabbing's personal. 
 Is this knife from the kitchen? 
 Nothing in there, but a set of steak knives. 
 This is not serrated. Looks old, dull. 
 Painful. 
 We got a rap sheet on this old gangster? 
 Reads like a phone book. 
 Armed robbery, racketeering-- 
 He was charged with homicide in the mid '70s. 
 Marlene Elias? 
 What was that? 
 Uh, 1973. 
 The murder charge he skated on. 
 Victim was Marlene Elias. 
 The evidence was stolen from lockup a couple weeks back. 
 Evidence was stolen from a 40-year-old cold case? 
 Along with the murder weapon. 
 Marlene Elias was stabbed multiple times in her chest with a kitchen knife. 
 Okay, Finch, looks like Zoe's meeting with some businessman. 
 Sending you photos. 
 [Camera shutter clicks] 
 Got another guy watching from a SUV. 
 Run a license plate for me. 
 Greg, Henry, Oscar, Seven, Five, Six, One. 
 Ms. Morgan. 
 I got a hit on that license plate. 
 Registered to Samuel Douglas. 
 Head of crisis management with Virtanen Pharmaceuticals. 
 You familiar with Anthony Talbott? 
 Should I be? 
 He's an investment blogger. 
 No ethics or boundaries. 
 He'd do anything to get an inside scoop, including violate our employees' right to privacy. 
 We wouldn't be talking if this had anything to do with just an employee. 
 So what does he have on your boss? 
 Douglas' boss is the gentleman in the car, Mark Lawson. 
 A recording he claims-- 
 A conversation with a certain young lady that could be misconstrued. 
 An affair? 
 Who cares? 
 His wife. 
 Mr. Lawson is in line to run Virtanen. 
 He already handles the day-to-day, but his father-in-law's still the CEO. 
 What the old man doesn't know... 
 What's Talbott asking? 
 $40,000. 
 His cell phone number's in there. 
 Oh, and, uh, one more thing. 
 I'll get the recording. 
 I don't need to know what's on it. 
 We appreciate your discretion, as always. 
 Good afternoon, Mr. Talbott. 
 Nice of Virtanen to send a skirt. 
 I understand that you have something of interest to my client. 
 You know, it is amazing what you can find just drifting out there in the ether. 
 One thing I have learned about the, uh, smartest guys in the room... 
 They just can't keep it in their pants. 
 Woman: You know why I'm here. 
 You know how I feel. 
 I can't hide it anymore. 
 This is all $40,000? 
 Count it. 
 At home. 
 By the way, I would have asked for $80,000. 
 Maybe it's a skirt thing. 
 Talbott's a blackmailing scumbag, but hardly a threat. 
 What about her previous jobs? 
 No client list in her apartment. 
 You need to get her talking. 
 Easier said than done. 
 Ah. 
 Detective Sullivan. 
 Not for years now. 
 Bernie or Sully. Dealer's choice. 
 I, um, wanted to talk about that case you worked back in '73. 
 Marlene Elias. 
 H-how did that mess come up again? 
 A man I'm investigating broke into the evidence lockup a few weeks ago. 
 He and his crew stole the contents of the evidence box. 
 Your notes, murder weapon, and 8 inch kitchen knife. 
 Which turned out plunged into the chest of your lead suspect. 
 Hmm. 
 That would be divine retribution. 
 What can you tell me about Deluca? 
 Piece of work. 
 I had him dead to rights on murdering that woman. 
 The dimwit left a partial on the knife. 
 The DA dropped the case? 
 Bought and sold. 
 Back then, the city was different. 
 Marlene was a cocktail waitress. 
 She worked, uh, in a club owned by Gianni Moretti. 
 She has an affair with the don. 
 She wants him to dump his wife. 
 He gets tired of her complaints, and sends our friend here, the cutlery rack, to shut her up. 
 He did. 
 Permanently. 
 The thing that stuck with me was the kid. 
 Kid? What kid? 
 I dug these up. 
 Marlene and the don had a kid. 
 A son. 
 He was out back playing when it happened. 
 Came inside and he found her. 
 Kid walked all the way to the station. 
 I still got that image of him standing there with no shoes on. 
 What happened to him? 
 Well, he didn't want to cop to the affair, so the kid went into the system. 
 I don't have to tell you what happens to those kids. 
 You think he's your killer? 
 Don't know who else would go to so much trouble. 
 [Static, overlapping voices] 
 [Jazz music] 
 What is that? 
 Ah, just some old bootlegs. 
 You like jazz? 
 You do? 
 Sure. 
 Always loved what Miles Davis said about jazz. 
 "Don't play what's there. Play what's not there." 
 Really? 
 You seem to know how to play people. 
 I don't play people. I fix their problems. 
 And to answer your question, no, I hate jazz. 
 [Static, overlapping voices] 
 We're supposed to be meeting with two people or one? 
 What does it matter? 
 Let me take care of this, Zoe. 
 It's Ms. Morgan. 
 Get back in the car. 
 [Suspenseful music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Didn't tell me it was a party. 
 Talbott handed it over. No problems. 
 Did you listen to this? 
 You didn't hire me to listen. 
 Mr. Lawson would like to personally thank you. 
 His fee is all that's necessary. 
 No, we insist. 
 Walter, get the driver. 
 [Grunts] 
 [Gunshots] 
 [Gunshots] 
 Get down. 
 Ah! 
 [Gunshots] 
 Guess I'm paying you to do more than drive. 
 Mr. Reese, are you okay? 
 Yeah, the hand-off was an ambush. 
 Douglas tried to kill both of us. 
 Oh, thanks. I was there, remember? 
 Is she safe? 
 For now. A little shaken up. 
 Who are you talking to? 
 They're willing to kill for that recording. 
 We need to find out what's on it. 
 Send me Talbott's address. 
 Who the hell are you? 
 You can say we're in the same business. 
 Fixing problems. 
 I had information that you might be in danger. 
 Information? 
 Who gave it to you? 
 You have your people. I have mine. 
 You need to find the journalist who sold you that recording. 
 Find out what's on it. 
 I made a copy. 
 I'm discreet, not stupid. 
 Woman: I can't hide it anymore. 
 What we're doing is wrong. 
 Who's the girl on the tape? 
 No idea. Can barely make it out. 
 [Static] 
 [Engine revs] 
 [Static, overlapping voices] 
 Stay here. 
 Mr. Reese, report on the police band. Talbott is dead. 
 Apparent cardiac arrest. 
 Oh, Douglas moves fast. 
 They're killing everyone who had contact with that recording. 
 If they're going to this much trouble, they'll be coming after Ms. Morgan again. 
 You need to stay with her. 
 That's going to be a problem. 
 Woman: I want to tell someone. 
 Keeps me up at night. 
 I'm working on the audio. 
 Interference suggests it was made on an old PCS cell network, making the recording at least two years old. 
 I didn't know static had a vintage. 
 I did manage to find a match on the woman's voice. 
 Compared it against video from social networking sites, corporate press. 
 268 possible matches, 6 who lived in New York but only one who worked at Virtanen Pharmaceuticals. 
 Virtanen is more than just a pharmaceutical company. 
 We create products that help and heal. 
 Virtanen is a family. 
 One I hope to be a part of for many years to come. 
 Dana Miller, Lawson's mistress, was an office romance. 
 Nice work, Finch. 
 I wouldn't be so quick to congratulate me. 
 It's not the first time I've heard Dana Miller's name. 
 Six months ago, the machine gave me her number. 
 I had yet to track you down, so I wasn't in a position to help her. 
 Newspaper said she died of a brain aneurysm. 
 She was 27, and as you know, the machine doesn't see accidents. 
 So she wanted to go public with the affair, and Lawson had her killed for it. 
 Why not pay her off, Finch? 
 Look, Lawson is heir to the entire Virtanen empire. 
 If Robert Keller ever found out, Lawson would lose everything. 
 It wouldn't be hard for someone working at a pharmaceutical company to make murder look like natural causes. 
 I never thought I'd know the truth about what happened to her. 
 Now I also know the men responsible. 
 We can stop them from ever giving us another number. 
 Get out there, and find Ms. Morgan. 
 Every moment we don't have her is a moment that Douglas can get to her. 
 What are you going to do? 
 I have an important business meeting. 
 Recent investment of mine. 
 We cleared my schedule for a meeting with a shareholder. 
 Guy isn't just a shareholder. 
 He bought 87 million shares in the last 48 hours. 
 He now owns 8% of Virtanen stock. 
 Never heard of this guy. 
 No one has. 
 May be a straw buyer for a takeover. 
 Hostile bid. 
 But, uh... Kid gloves. 
 And we may want to wheel the old man in here for a minute to press the flesh. 
 
 
 
 Right this way, sir. 
 Mr. Partridge. 
 Mark Lawson. Pleasure to meet you, sir. 
 Thank you for meeting me on such short notice. 
 I thought I knew everyone with an investment portfolio as broad as yours. 
 When you're in a position where people want your money, a little anonymity is rather rewarding. 
 From my time in Japan, I've learned never to go to a business meeting empty-handed. 
 That is... too generous. 
 Thank you. 
 Would you care for a tour of our facilities? 
 This way. 
 What we like to focus on is what people really need... 
 Pain relief. 
 I can certainly relate to that. 
 We reached a 20% market share last year. 
 That's only going to rise with the launch of our new product line, anchored by Sylocet. 
 Sylocet? 
 New migraine drug. 
 Revolutionary. 
 Just approved by the FDA. 
 Mr. Partridge. 
 Robert Keller. 
 This is an impressive empire you've built here, sir. 
 Oh, it's Mark's empire now. 
 Retirement isn't officially till next spring, but he makes all the big decisions. 
 Don't tell anyone. 
 I'd hate to lose my table at the country club. 
 [Both chuckling] 
 If you'll excuse me, Mr. Partridge. 
 Mark has done an incredible job. 
 Not only in keeping our finances in order, but overseeing a good amount of product research. 
 Mr. Keller, I like what I see here. 
 I'm confident my money is in good hands. 
 Lovely meeting you. 
 [Cell phone vibrates] 
 Excuse me. 
 I have to take this. 
 Flash drive's recovered. 
 Talbott won't be a problem again. 
 Great work. 
 But just one loose end. 
 Zoe Morgan. 
 She had a bodyguard posing as a driver. 
 It was an unforeseen circumstance. 
 It's not a loose end. 
 It's the whole damn thing falling apart. 
 I'll handle her. 
 And the driver, too. 
 Nothing can connect us to this thing. 
 [Telephone rings] 
 Carter. 
 It's Sully. 
 I managed to fill in some of the blanks on young Carl Elias. 
 Good work. 
 No, not so good. 
 Uh, kid was, uh, like a professional runaway. 
 From the age of eight, he couldn't stay anywhere more than a couple of months. 
 So no one really knew him. 
 Nobody except some tough old bird named Gloria Recinto. 
 Apparently, she, uh, she looked after him. 
 He would send her a Christmas card and some money every year. 
 You gotta read these things, Carla. 
 I mean it's as if the guy was going to either be president or Attila the Hun. 
 You want me to bring him in? 
 I'll swing by, and pick them up. 
 Oh. 
 Well, I'm going to make myself beautiful for you. 
 Good luck with that, Sully. 
 Dana: Know why I'm here. You know how I feel. 
 I still can't find Zoe. 
 Dana: I can't hide it anymore. 
 If I can't track her down, Douglas probably can't either. 
 Trying to clean up this recording. 
 Fill in the blanks. 
 I think Dana recorded this in Lawson's office, listen. 
 Dana: What we're doing is wrong. 
 So? 
 She recorded the conversation on her cell phone. 
 To blackmail him? 
 No, I don't think so. 
 Here's the fountain in his office. 
 Using the bug I planted, I was able to get room tone, then I can strip it back out of the original recording. 
 Listen. This is much clearer. 
 Dana: I can't hide it anymore. 
 What we're doing is wrong. 
 I want to tell someone. 
 Keeps me up at night, knowing what our drug has done. 
 You need to think very carefully... 
 "Keeps me up at night, knowing what our drug has done" 
 And I still have to clean up the last part of the recording, but there's enough here that you can tell that Dana was not having an affair with Lawson. 
 She was threatening to blow the whistle on him. 
 You know, before we... before I found you, the numbers haunted me. 
 I never felt so helpless in my entire life. 
 And I know I can't get justice for all of them, but the possibility of having just one... 
 [Program beeping] 
 Looks like our Ms. Morgan has decided to be found after all. 
 This time, when you find her, try not to lose her. 
 So you are tracking my cell phone. 
 I know how all the pieces of the city fit together. 
 I know all the players. 
 I know all the angles. 
 And then there's you. 
 You know, I don't understand you. 
 And I don't like things that I don't understand. 
 Then why did you want me to come here? 
 Because I don't have to like you to get some news out of you. 
 The girl on the recording. 
 Her name was Dana Miller. 
 Lawson had her killed. 
 But not because she was sleeping with him. 
 I know. 
 She worked at Virtanen. 
 She was going to come out in public... 
 A scandal involving one of their drugs. 
 Not bad, but it's not the whole story. 
 She worked in clinical trials. 
 Five days before she was killed, she was transferred out. 
 Access suspended. 
 How did you come by that? 
 You have your people. I have mine. 
 Let me guess. 
 You're looking to strike a deal with Virtanen. 
 No, not this time. 
 I thought everyone had an angle. 
 I knew this girl once. 
 Naive. 
 She got a tough lesson on the way the world works. 
 That reminds me of Dana. 
 Also, they tried to kill you. 
 Well, there's that, too. 
 You want to get out of here? 
 Where are we going? 
 To do something illegal. 
 Lieutenant Gilmore. 
 Almost didn't recognize you without that cute uniform. 
 What do you want now? 
 There's going to be a break-in at Virtanen Pharmaceuticals tonight. 
 I need you to make sure that the police don't respond. 
 After this, we're done. 
 All right, Finch, our cameras are in place. 
 I have full coverage. Proceed. 
 Hold this. 
 So these people are trying to kill you, and your plan is to break into their offices. 
 I prefer the direct approach. 
 The South entry. Any guards on the other side? 
 Two guards on the first floor, none on the stairwell. 
 Go ahead. 
 Going in. 
 Do I ever get to meet your imaginary friend? 
 He's a very private person. 
 Wait, there's a guard on the third floor stairs. 
 He's coming your way. 
 You're clear. Go. 
 Probably one of those guys that can get out of anything with a paper clip. 
 Where did you learn this stuff? 
 It's a long story. 
 Still clear, Mr. Reese. 
 [Program beeping] 
 [Tapping keys] 
 They deleted Dana Miller's email and browser history months ago. 
 Nothing is ever really deleted, Mr. Reese. 
 Pieces are always out there. 
 You just got to know how to put them back together. 
 Use the recovery software. 
 All right. 
 Right there. 
 She accessed this file a dozen times in the days before she was killed. 
 [Keyboard clacking] 
 Looks like a clinical trial for the new drug Sylocet. 
 FDA approved. 
 But it's been altered. 
 These are two files with the same name, but the older one is slightly larger. 
 [Tapping keys] 
 [Program beeping] 
 Six names are missing from the trail data that Virtanen submitted to the FDA. 
 I need those names, Mr. Reese. 
 Here it comes. 
 They're all dead, Mr. Reese. 
 Dead? 
 Every person on that list died of heart failure within a year of taking the drug. 
 Lawson must've dropped them from the study and paid the locals to hide it. 
 Their new wonder drug is a killer. 
 It's 6 people out of 200. That's a 3% mortality rate. 
 If a million people take that drug, 30,000 can die. 
 Wait, what is that sound? 
 Air conditioning. Why? 
 That's what I've been missing. 
 Listen. 
 Don't talk, don't move. I need a clean recording. 
 Perfect. 
 I'll be in touch. 
 Well, well, well. 
 Guess we should call the cops, huh. 
 Bad move, lieutenant. 
 If I can't trust you, I have to destroy you. 
 Something makes me think you won't get that chance. 
 Besides, I hold up my end. 
 You wanted the cops not to respond? 
 This is the cops not responding. 
 Dana: Keeps me up at night, knowing what our drug has done. 
 Man: You need to think very carefully... 
 [Static] 
 Dana: You're leaving me with no choice. 
 I'm going to go to Keller. 
 Reese, I think I've found something. 
 Mr. Reese? 
 I told you I'd handle it. 
 I've got them both. 
 I'm on my way. 
 You never did tell me your name. 
 John. 
 My name's John. 
 Of course it is. 
 So, John... 
 How did you know I was going to be in trouble? 
 Given your choice of career, doesn't seem like much of a stretch. 
 You might consider a new line of work. 
 You're one to judge? 
 Besides, you don't know anything about me. 
 I know almost everything about you. 
 I know you grew up in a nice house in Yonkers. 
 I know your dad was a city official till he got snared in a corruption case. 
 I know you spent the rest of your childhood in a little apartment in Queens with your mother. 
 About the only thing I don't know about you is why you started doing whatever it is you do. 
 My dad was a party man. 
 Machine politician. 
 He did what he was told. 
 Right up until the cops showed up, put the cuffs on him. 
 The local press was camped out on our lawn for weeks. 
 Then this guy showed up, the guy that the party would send to deal with. 
 Uncomfortable situations. 
 He said two words. 
 And those reporters? 
 They packed up, and they left, and they never came back. 
 And I realized, that's what I want to be. 
 The person who knows what to say, and always has something to trade. 
 So what are you going to trade now? 
 Yes, it's Mr. Partridge. 
 I need to speak to Mr. Keller, immediately. 
 I'm sorry, sir, but Mr. Keller is currently unavailable. 
 Listen, put him on the phone right now. 
 It's extremely urgent. 
 A matter of life and death. 
 So we're finally face-to-face. 
 You're making a mistake, Mark. 
 No. I'm not the one handcuffed to a chair. 
 So you saw the Sylocet report? 
 Hope you don't mind. 
 I emailed a copy to a friend so I could read it more thoroughly. 
 Okay, so where is it now? 
 With the only person I trust. 
 And if anything happens to us, that report goes public. 
 Everyone will know your new drug kills. 
 What do you think Keller will do to you when he finds out? 
 Tell you what. 
 Since Zoe loves negotiating so much, I'll offer you two a deal. 
 First one to give up that report gets to live. 
 I've reached Mr. Keller. 
 He'll be with you in just a moment. 
 Thank you. 
 Dana: You're leaving me with no choice. 
 I'm gonna go to Keller. 
 Lawson: You want to tell the old man? 
 Here's your chance. 
 Keller: You think anything happens in my company without me knowing it, young lady? 
 How stupid do you think I am? 
 Mr. Partridge? 
 You're on with Mr. Keller. 
 [Keypad tone] 
 [Whispering] 
 Mark, why aren't they dead yet? 
 She says she has a copy of the report. 
 And just when I thought you could handle something truly important. 
 Ms. Morgan, be reasonable. 
 Every new drug has side effects. 
 That's why we have disclaimers... 
 And insurance. 
 This moral crusade doesn't suit you. 
 The Zoe Morgan I know is reasonable. 
 Knows when to make a smart play. 
 I'll get you the report. 
 I'll bring you right to it. 
 Told you. 
 Always have something to trade. 
 Let's go. 
 You know, you really shouldn't be surprised by what Zoe did. 
 Never trusted that bitch. 
 Always looking for an angle. 
 Potassium chloride. 
 Government uses it for lethal injections. 
 Stops a heart in minutes. 
 Quite humanely, really. 
 Lucky you. 
 Lucky me? 
 [Groaning] 
 [Static voices overlapping] 
 I'm on my way, now. 
 The Naval Yard. 
 Jail rules. No more phones. 
 Clever girl. 
 [Cell phone rings] 
 Finch. 
 Been trying to get you for two hours. 
 Keller's involved. 
 He and Lawson worked it together, up to, and including Dana's murder. 
 I know. Keller blindsided us, and so did Zoe. 
 She's about to hand over the copy of that trial data to Lawson. 
 You should be more trusting, Mr. Reese. 
 Zoe just sent me her destination. 
 Naval Yard. Sound familiar? 
 I'm on my way. 
 Ready, sir? 
 Mr. Keller. Sorry I'm late. 
 I'm sorry I started without you, Mr. Partridge, but when you're as old as I am, you can't waste a minute. 
 [Both laugh] 
 What's your poison? 
 What the hell are we doing here? 
 You want your report, right? 
 It's right over there. 
 You want me to go get it or-or you? 
 No, I don't think so. You know what I think? 
 I don't think you emailed that report to anybody at all. 
 I think it's been right here all along. 
 You picked a perfect time to join us, Mr. Partridge. 
 Once Sylocet goes on the market, you'll never have to invest in another company again. 
 Yeah, see, anybody else, you know, they would have sent this report to the police or the press. 
 But not you. 
 You just couldn't resist holding onto one more card. 
 Yup. 
 So you did send it to the one person in the world you could trust. 
 Yourself. 
 Now you're going to take it to the grave. 
 Let's get the hell out of here. 
 [Glass shatters] 
 [Gunshot] 
 Zoe! 
 Ah! 
 [Electricity buzzing] 
 Migraine, huh? 
 Heard they got a pill for that now. 
 Took your time. 
 Hey, what point did you know you were going to do the right thing? 
 About two seconds before I slipped you the paper clip. 
 Anyway... 
 Pleasant as it is to talk, the board and I do need to know what your... intentions are, now that you own 8% of Virtanen. 
 [Cell phone chimes] 
 Actually, I've sold my shares in Virtanen. 
 I had a tip that the price is about to take a nosedive. 
 Tip? What tip? 
 That senior management was about to have some very serious legal problems. 
 In fact, I took my initial investment, and I shorted your company... 
 To the tune of 1/2 billion shares. 
 If you're betting against me, you clearly don't know who you're dealing with. 
 Oh, I know exactly what kind of man I'm dealing with. 
 And I know you don't care who you hurt to get what you want. 
 I know the only thing you do care about is money. 
 So that's what I'm going to take from you. 
 Your money. All of it. 
 You were right, Mr. Keller. 
 Thanks to you, I never will have to invest in another company. 
 Detective Sullivan? 
 Sully? 
 It's me, Car-- 
 [whispers] Oh, no. 
 Police! 
 [Gunshots] 
 Virtanen CEO Robert Keller is expected to appear in court today alongside CFO and son-in-law, Mark Lawson. 
 To answer charges of fraud, conspiracy, and murder. 
 Virtanen's migraine drug, Sylocet, has officially been shelved. 
 Virtanen's competitor, beecher pharmaceuticals... 
 Mind turning that off, please? 
 Sounds like beecher got an inside tip. 
 Somebody must have had a big payday. 
 Not as big as you think. 
 Dana Miller's family got a healthy donation for their suit against Virtanen. 
 I also heard that Lieutenant Gilmore found himself up against some pretty serious corruption charges. 
 Must have upset someone pretty influential. 
 Eyes on the road, John. 
 ♪ Start spreading the news ♪ 
♪ I'm leaving today ♪ 
♪ I wanna be part of it... ♪ 
 Ms. Morgan... 
 Stay out of trouble. 
 Not gonna happen. 
 You've got my number. 
 ♪ These vagabond shoes ♪ 
♪ are longin' to stray ♪ 
♪ if I can make it there ♪ 
♪ I'll make it anywhere ♪ 
♪ New York ♪ 
 Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 