Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x19 - Flesh And Blood - Person of Interest 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x19 - Flesh And Blood https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=195&t=12068 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/08/12 00:58 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x19 - Flesh And Blood 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 You are being watched. 
 The government has a secret system-- 
 A machine that spies on you every hour of every day. 
 I know because I built it. 
 I designed the machine to detect acts of terror, but it sees everything... 
 Violent crimes involving ordinary people, people like you. 
 Crimes the government considered irrelevant. 
 They wouldn't act, so I decided I would. 
 But I needed a partner... 
 Someone with the skills to intervene. 
 Hunted by the authorities, we work in secret. 
 You will never find us. 
 But victim or perpetrator, if your number's up, we'll find you. 
 Sometimes I wonder what kind of man I'd be if she hadn't been killed. 
 I hear people change when they lose a parent, especially when that parent is murdered. 
 Ah. 
 Big test today, right? 
 I always hated algebra. 
 All those Xs a Ys made my head spin. 
 I don't mind it so much. 
 Hey, you wanna talk about it? 
 It's no big deal. 
 It seems like it might be. 
 It's just some rich d-bag's giving me a hard time for being on scholarship. 
 I wanna know who they are. 
 No way. 
 Taylor. 
 Last thing I need is you fighting my battles. 
 I'm not some little kid. 
 I'll take the subway home tonight. 
 I know you're working late. 
 Pad thai for dinner? 
 Yeah. 
 Have a good day, okay? 
 [Cell phone rings] 
 Carter. 
 It's Lablanca in SID. to Hawaii? 
 Almost as good. 
 You know those accounts you thought belonged to Elias? 
 The ones we traced to that investment firm a few weeks ago? 
 When you flagged those accounts, they had a balance of $4 million. 
 As of this morning, not a dime. 
 Elias drained them, Carter. All of them. 
 I'll be there in ten minutes. 
 Bit of a late start, Mr. Reese. 
 Did you forget to set your alarm? 
 Had my yoga class. 
 Well, I hope you've gotten in touch with your chi because it seems we have a big day ahead of us. 
 We received five numbers this morning. 
 Hm, bumper crop. 
 Meet the heads of the five families. 
 Caparelli. 
 Zambrano. Grifoni. 
 Basile. 
 Gianni Moretti Jr. 
 Moretti's son. 
 Junior took over when Moretti went to prison. 
 Unless all these men suddenly decided to turn on one another, I think it's fair to assume that they're being targeted. 
 Short list of people crazy enough to take on the entire leadership of the Cosa Nostra. 
 Only one, in my opinion. 
 Elias. 
 He's already kidnapped his father. 
 Eliminate the remaining dons, he could control the entire mafia. 
 I don't know, Finch. 
 We could let the trash take out the trash. 
 I know they encouraged a certain moral flexibility when you worked at the CIA, Mr. Reese, but I like to think that we're reaching for a higher standard. 
 In any case, we need to consider the collateral damage. 
 So we're going to babysit the five most powerful criminals in New York. 
 How do we get close to them? 
 These gentlemen meet once a month at the Covenant Club in Brooklyn. 
 There are no cameras allowed inside the private meeting room, and no cell phones. 
 Not gonna be easy to spy on these guys. 
 Not even for you, Finch. 
 [Camera shutter clicking] 
 That sounds like a challenge, Mr. Reese. 
 [Camera shutter clicking] 
 The club recently installed a new fire alarm system. 
 In case of emergency, fire fighters could communicate with anyone trapped inside through a sound system. 
 But any speaker can be converted to a crude microphone by reversing polarity. 
 Those idiots from the Department of Homeland Security, they can't even take a bribe right. 
 That shipment was half of what it was supposed to be. 
 What are we gonna do with it? 
 Nice work, Finch. 
 [Chuckles] 
 We'll step on it more than usual. 
 If the customers complain, they can put a note in our suggestion box. 
 [Chuckling] 
 You kidding me with this? 
 Business as usual like nothing's changed? 
 We're all very sorry for your father's situation, Junior. 
 Situation? 
 My father's probably dead. 
 I wanna know what the family's gonna do to retaliate against this Elias. 
 You mean your half-brother? 
 Your old man brought this on himself. 
 He sired a little b*st*rd and then he had the poor taste to have the mother bumped off. 
 That's a filthy lie. 
 No disrespect, Junior. 
 We don't care if you bring Elias over for Thanksgiving. 
 He's a player, brings in a lot of cash. 
 You wanna work with a man that you know is robbing you? 
 And stealing our territories? 
 It's a business, kid. It's not a love affair. 
 [Over listening device] 
 We work with him, we all get rich. 
 We need to convey to these gentlemen that Elias won't be interested in making a deal. 
 I think it's time to update Detective Carter. 
 That could be difficult, since she's not speaking to us. 
 An apology might go a long way, Mr. Reese. 
 [Cell phone speed-dialing] 
 [Cell phone rings] 
 If Elias moved all of his money, where did it go? 
 I don't know yet. 
 The funds went out to over 1,000 unique payees. 
 Did you get any names of the people he paid? 
 It's not that easy. 
 Yeah, it never is with this guy. 
 Everything's going out as cash or wire transfers. 
 We could trace it, but the warrants alone would take a couple weeks. 
 What do you think he's buying? 
 Elias doesn't care about material things. 
 He buys people. 
 People who'll murder for money. 
 Cops and politicians who'll look the other way. 
 Well, whatever it is, he just bought a lot of it. 
 You'll have to eat with your hands. 
 I remember you were pretty good with a knife back in the day. 
 They called you "the blade," right? 
 I never understood your generation and... 
 The ridiculous nicknames. 
 You spent too much time growing fat. 
 Soft. 
 Some of them even tried to turn the family legit, like your son. 
 I mean, your real son. 
 Why don't you just kill me already? 
 I would hate for you to miss the show. 
 I'm gonna do what you never had the stones to. 
 I'm gonna unite the families, and take control. 
 Oh, that's some plan for a nobody. 
 And you think my associates are gonna go along with this farce? 
 They won't have a choice. 
 Besides, I never learned how to share. 
 My mother might have taught me, but she didn't get the chance, did she? 
 [Slams car door] 
 45 minutes to Queens? I got a real job, you know. 
 HR is your real job, Fusco. 
 I need some intel on that guy who's been stirring things up around town. 
 Tall guy with a suit. 
 Likes shooting people in the kneecaps. 
 I thought he was yesterday's news. 
 Not to the feds. 
 They set up a new task force trying to locate him. 
 We wanna know everything they do, see if we can get to him ourselves. 
 Why, you looking to put him on the payroll? 
 You ask a lot of questions, Fusco. 
 I got an inquisitive mind. 
 We're doing a job for Elias. 
 Since when does HR work for Elias? 
 We don't work for anybody. 
 We lend a hand when it's in our best interest. 
 Right now that's Elias. 
 When you're done looking into that matter, I'd call in sick. 
 You don't wanna be working Homicide next couple of days. 
 Are you certain this is the best course of action? 
 Mafiosi don't take kindly to people who approach them... 
 [Over radio] Unannounced. 
 They're like feral dogs that way. 
 No time for anything but the direct approach, Finch. 
 Besides, I've always been good with dogs. 
 What are you, lost? 
 I'm here to give you a heads up about Elias. 
 He's got plans. 
 And they don't include you and your friends. 
 You a cop? 
 Not even close. 
 Frankly, I'd be inclined to let you idiots kill each other, but that could get messy. 
 Your men here can't protect you. 
 But I can. If you come with me. 
 Thanks for your concern, my friend, but... 
 I don't need your help. 
 [Engine starting] 
 I struck out, Finch. Caparelli wouldn't listen to me. 
 [Hip hop music] 
 [Over radio] 
 What happened, Mr. Reese? 
 Elias got to him, Finch. 
 You were right about collateral damage. 
 [Engine starting] 
 I wish they were dead. All of them. 
 What happened, Carl? 
 They started it. 
 Calling me names. 
 Ms. Beecher told me you never turned in your term project. 
 That's 'cause it was stupid. 
 Is this it? 
 I'm not a b*st*rd. 
 Is that why you fought them? 
 Who called you that? 
 Come on, I'll help you fill out the rest. 
 With what? It's for family. 
 Well, Carl Elias, you got me. 
 And your foster sisters. 
 I had a mother. 
 She's gone. 
 Maybe we could do some research, find some more names to fill in. 
 Like my father? 
 Oh, h-honey... 
 You must have heard something about him, who he was-- 
 Carl, do me a favor. 
 Let it go. 
 Do you think he even knows about what happened to my mom? 
 Here's what I know, baby. 
 We are all descended from kings. 
 You gotta live your own life. 
 Be your own man. 
 You understand? 
 [Cell phone rings] 
 I was wondering when you'd call, John. 
 I heard you witnessed the tragedy earlier this afternoon. 
 I hope you weren't hurt from the explosion. 
 Elias... 
 End this before anyone else gets hurt. 
 I'm only doing what I think is best for the city. 
 So you're gonna kill everyone who gets in the way? 
 We're more alike than you'd like to admit. 
 Both killers in our own right. 
 But now you save innocent people like Charlie Burton, not old gangsters. 
 Just leave those men to me. 
 You know I can't do that. 
 I can't say I'm surprised. 
 See you on the other side. 
 We have another problem. Detective Carter. 
 I thought she wasn't answering her calls. 
 She wasn't. 
 But as you know, I've always taken a somewhat liberal view of how to use a telephone. 
 She knows that Elias is up to something. 
 After Caparelli's murder, she started reaching out to the remaining dons, offering them police protection. 
 She doesn't know that Elias is planning to take them all out at once. 
 [Cocks gun] 
 Or that he's got HR's backing. 
 I need her location. Now. 
 You come with me. 
 The rest of you lock down both ends of the block until we get this guy out of here, understood? 
 Who are we bringing in, Detective? 
 Don Basile. 
 He's going into protective custody until we can take down Elias. 
 You Carter? 
 Yeah. 
 How am I supposed to know you're not on Elias's payroll? 
 You can't. 
 You got another option, I recommend you take it. 
 Otherwise, let's move. 
 All right, come on, come on. 
 Detective... 
 Where'd everyone go? 
 Get back. 
 [Gunshots] 
 Unh! 
 Get back! 
 [Gunshots] 
 You really should return your calls, Detective. 
 Those new bootleg CDs, boss. 
 We got a whole bunch more in Lou's trunk. 
 Hold on a second, kid. 
 I'd like a word, please. 
 Maybe I should stay, pop. 
 Go home, tell your mother I already ate. 
 But, pop, I was just thinking-- 
 You came to us through Lou, right? 
 That's right, sir. 
 Thing is, I don't know much about you, kid, but you look familiar. 
 Along with the name. Elias. 
 I think you know what I mean. 
 My mother was Marlene Elias, sir. 
 I thought so. 
 Beautiful woman. 
 I've been told that, sir. 
 I thought about when this day might come. 
 What I would say to you. 
 [Silverware clinks on plate] 
 What are you doing here, kid? What do you want from me? 
 I just want a job, sir. 
 A chance to learn from the best. 
 To prove myself. 
 You know where diamonds come from, kid? 
 Starts out as carbon. 
 Black as coal, buried miles beneath the earth. 
 Takes pressure, temperatures hotter than hell. 
 Billions of years, until a volcano blows it to the surface. 
 That is the only way to form a diamond. 
 Never heard that before. 
 I didn't know my father either. 
 I survived. 
 I didn't know that, sir. 
 But... 
 You're here because you figured some things out. 
 So now you and me, we have our own little secret. 
 They tell me you got a pair, kid. 
 Tenacious. Capable. 
 I like to think so, sir. 
 You keep your head up. 
 There's a place for you here. 
 Thank you, sir. 
 So nice to finally meet you. 
 The officer's stable. 
 Lucky for us, you got good timing. 
 I guess you should know, the FBI has a new task force set up in your honor. 
 They think you're working with Elias. 
 I'm often misunderstood. 
 I take it things didn't go as expected with Mr. Basile. 
 I don't know who to trust anymore. 
 You can trust us... 
 Detective. 
 Elias transferred $4 million in the past 48 hours to a dozen cash and carry hubs around the city. 
 We could use those transfers to track down the men working for him, but... 
 I can't access their database without a warrant. 
 Maybe I could use... 
 Other techniques... 
 To access the information we need. 
 If we track down the men on Elias's payroll, they may lead us right to him. 
 In the meantime, I need to convince those old Dons that the only way to stay alive is to work with us. 
 Thanks for the backup. 
 If I'm not there next time... 
 [Bag contents clinking] 
 I want you to be prepared. 
 [Unzips bag] 
 [Zips bag] 
 Not exactly standard issue. 
 Should I ask where you got these? 
 Probably best if you don't. 
 [Cocks rifle] 
 You getting shipped back to Iraq or something? 
 I need an assist. 
 Did you bring the extra vest and ammo like I told you? 
 Yeah. 
 [Cocks rifle] 
 Just get in. 
 You're the only cop I can trust right now. 
 Who am I looking at, Finch? 
 I was able to trace the financial transactions coming out of Elias's accounts. 
 The man you're following is one of the recipients. 
 Elias's payroll reads like a  who's who  of the US penal system. 
 I'm following him. 
 But who's he following? 
 It's a family. 
 Any idea who they are? 
 Maybe they're related to the Dons. 
 Elias isn't above threatening their loved ones. 
 Right theory. 
 [Camera shutter clicks] 
 Wrong organization. 
 Elias's people are following HR families, Finch. 
 I don't understand his strategy. 
 HR are his allies. 
 In war, you need to be able to coerce your allies every bit as much as your enemies. 
 Which means if any of his law enforcement contacts gets out of line, he has a backup plan. 
 That's what I would do. 
 If you had listened to me to begin with we could have gotten him before he went after my father. 
 
 
 
 Detectives. 
 What's so important you bully your way into our club? 
 You're going into protective custody until we can find Elias. 
 [Chuckles] I don't think so. 
 It's not really up for discussion. 
 You've failed to control this man. 
 Some of you tried to cut deals with him. 
 And now he's coming after you. 
 I'm not gonna stand by and let innocent civilians get killed because you chose to ignore what was right in front of your nose. 
 Jimmy! 
 Come show the detectives out. 
 What are you, sleeping? 
 Jimmy! 
 Looks like your boys abandoned you. 
 You wanna bet Elias's men aren't far behind? 
 We don't work with cops. 
 You don't wanna come voluntarily, we're gonna take you by force. 
 What are you gonna shoot us? 
 If I shoot you, then maybe Elias won't have to blow up a carload of innocent people. 
 Hey, shouldn't we call for backup? 
 You are my backup. 
 [Cell phone rings, beeps] 
 [Engine starting] 
 Here come Elias's guys. 
 [Cell phone rings] 
 Hello? 
 It's for you. 
 Hello? 
 Turn left and go two blocks to 954 President Street. 
 You got good timing. 
 Next left, Fusco. 
 Go to the second floor. 
 The code is 3288. 
 Got it. 
 [Buttons beeping] 
 [Door lock clicks] 
 Who owns this place again? 
 [Sighs] A friend. 
 You got some weird friends, Carter. 
 I don't remember a lot about my mom. 
 I was four when she died. 
 Of course, you know that. 
 But every so often I get these images of her, especially when I smell her perfume. 
 Shalimar, I think. 
 She had dark hair. 
 Kind eyes. 
 Other times I just see the blood. 
 Just so much blood from such a small person. 
 There was a problem, boss. 
 The detective-- 
 The one you wanted gone. 
 Mm-hm. 
 She took him. 
 Which one? 
 All of them. 
 I see. 
 We'll need our friends on the police force to join us on this one. 
 Detectives Carter and Fusco are both safe and sound at one of my properties, Mr. Reese. 
 As are the remaining Dons. 
 Good to hear, Finch. 
 How'd she convince him to go with her? 
 She didn't. She kidnapped them. 
 It seems you've had something of an influence on her, Mr. Reese. 
 Thanks, Finch. 
 I'm not certain I meant that as a compliment. 
 Elias isn't gonna take this lying down, Finch. 
 No sign of him yet, but I've tracked down a dozen of his men. 
 All positioned to strike against the families of HR cops if things don't go his way. 
 Luckily HR doesn't know where the Dons are. 
 Only Carter and Fusco do. 
 Finch... 
 The men that we're tracking... 
 Are any of them near Marbury High School in Brooklyn? 
 [Typing on keyboard] 
 [Computer beeping] 
 Yes, why? 
 That's where Carter's son goes to school. 
 [Typing on keyboard] 
 What was the accident? Is my mom gonna be all right? 
 It's too soon to tell. 
 But I'll take you right to the hospital. 
 [Cell phone rings] 
 Hello? 
 Taylor? 
 You don't know me, but you are in danger and I want you to stay inside the school with a teacher until we can get to you. 
 Taylor? 
 Just keep quiet, and you won't get hurt. 
 [Car tires screeching] 
 Hey, I need to see your pass! 
 Unh! 
 Ooh! 
 [Car tires squealing] 
 How long you think we can stay here? 
 Until we know they're safe. 
 They're mob bosses, Carter. 
 That ain't gonna happen any time soon. 
 [Car tires screeching] 
 You've gotta be kidding me. 
 How did Elias' men find us? 
 I thought you shook them off. 
 I did, we were free and clear. 
 [Cell phone beeps] 
 What do you have? 
 Carter, I need to tell you something. 
 You've gotta know I'm not gonna let anything happen to him. 
 You understand? I'll find him. 
 Find who? What's going on, John? 
 [Phone line beeping] 
 [Cell phone beeps] Taylor? 
 Taylor. 
 You got a great kid here, Detective. 
 I swear to God, if you touch him I'll kill you. 
 You have the means to set him free. 
 You can't call for backup. 
 Who you gonna trust anymore? 
 You know I can't hand these guys over to you. 
 I might as well kill them myself. 
 If you're up to it, that would be extremely helpful. 
 Why do you need the bosses dead, Elias? 
 You've already shown how powerful you are. 
 You don't understand the evil you're protecting, do you? 
 Let me tell you something about Zambrano. 
 He earns his living by selling heroin to schoolchildren. 
 Grifoni sells guns to the highest bidder. 
 My esteemed half-brother, a man who not only imports drugs, but young girls. 
 These are the men that you are protecting. 
 Things would be much better under your watch, huh? 
 I run an efficient enterprise. 
 There's no infighting, there's no conflict over territory. 
 I am the evolution of organized crime. 
 You're a force of corruption and weakness. 
 My answer is no. 
 [Cell phone beeps] 
 [Breathing heavily] 
 He wants to trade Taylor for the Dons. 
 How can I do that? 
 You can't. 
 But you don't have to make that decision, 'cause I'm gonna get your son back, no matter what the cost. 
 I won't let anyone hurt him. 
 You hear me, Carter? 
 Promise me. 
 You have my word. 
 Finch, I need you to tell me where to find the boy. 
 I'm a step ahead of you, Mr. Reese. 
 The only way to locate Taylor is to make a deal with the devil. 
 I hope you're not referring to Elias. 
 Elias isn't the only fallen angel in our rolodex, Mr. Reese. 
 You okay, Carter? 
 They got my kid. 
 You sure not calling backup's the way to go here? 
 You don't get it, Fusco. 
 You see those two in the suits? 
 They work Vice at the 15th. 
 They're here to help Elias, not back us up. 
 What do you wanna do? 
 Wait. 
 Make sure this place is sealed off. 
 Okay. I'll do a sweep, and make sure it's airtight. 
 You should have been our wheel-man, Detective Carter. 
 I don't think your partner had it in him. 
 Don't go blaming Fusco, this isn't on him. 
 You sure about that? 
 Because I got this vague recollection... 
 That your partner used to be on the take. 
 In fact now that I think about it, I'm sure of it. 
 He was partners with that, uh, Detective Stills, right? 
 That dirty cop who went missing a few months back? 
 Those guys had their paws around every game in town. 
 All of them on the take. 
 And they didn't care because they'd just throw a piece upstairs, you know. 
 Shaking down low-life drug dealers, pimps, whatever scratch they could get. 
 They even did some wet work. 
 Hello, Detective. 
 I've come to talk it over in person. 
 Are you ready to pick the right side? 
 Hello, Officer Simmons. 
 I wonder if I might have a few minutes of your time. 
 Who the hell are you? 
 You gonna tell me who you are or do I have to arrest you? 
 I'd like to talk to you about your organization. 
 The one commonly referred to as HR. 
 It's come to my attention that HR has been paid a large sum of money to ignore any criminal activities involving a man named Elias. 
 Really. 
 And how exactly did this come to your attention? 
 I notice things, Officer. 
 Things the rest of the world ignores. 
 And I've noticed things about Elias that I believe you've overlooked. 
 I doubt that. 
 I'm a pretty observant guy myself. 
 You think Elias stands for a return to the way things used to be. 
 A firm hand on the reins of organized crime. 
 But he also stands for other things. 
 This is Elias's surveillance of HR police officers and their families. 
 You're in bed with the devil. 
 This man will go to any length to get what he wants, including kidnapping children. 
 Detective Carter's son is only his most recent victim. 
 I didn't hear anything about that. 
 Look, I recognize, Officer, that I'm placing myself in danger by sitting here with you. 
 I need you to understand that you're placing your family in danger by doing business with Elias. 
 What the hell is this? 
 The man following your wife is an ex-con whose prior convictions include rape, manslaughter... 
 Elias is keeping you and yours in check... 
 Until his plan is finished. 
 After that... 
 Who knows whether he'll have any use for you. 
 How do I know this guy doesn't work for you, huh? 
 I imagine you don't. 
 But are you really willing to bet your family's life on it? 
 What do you want? 
 You need to get me the location of Detective Carter's son and call of any men you have working on Elias's behalf. 
 HR severs its ties with Elias as of this moment. 
 Not gonna wait all night, Detective. 
 Let him go, Elias. 
 He's got no part in this. 
 Taylor seems like a very nice young man. 
 I'd rather not hurt him. 
 You need to accept the fact that no one's coming to save you-- You are all alone. 
 I think-- Uh, I think it's right up over here. 
 Ooh, colder than a witch's nip in a brass bra. 
 Where's Don Moretti? 
 Yeah, you tell me, kid. 
 Well, uh, the boss wanted me to tell you he wished he could be here... 
 But he couldn't make it. 
 Come on. 
 Talk about brass. 
 Used to be the Dons would clean up their own mess. 
 Moretti didn't have the stones to be here. 
 You know, Deluca told me he made him get rid of the broad back in the day. 
 Now we gotta deal with this miserable b*st*rd. 
 Aw, for crying out loud. 
 Here come the waterworks. 
 What's the matter, kid? 
 Not the family reunion you were hoping for? 
 What an idiot, I should have known. 
 Yeah, well, the Don's already got one idiot kid. 
 Guess he didn't need another one. 
 [Chuckles] 
 You two think you're safe because there's just one of me. 
 That I'm weak and that you're strong. 
 That's not strength. 
 That's weakness. 
 Look at you... A bunch of jealous idiots. 
 Liars, betraying each other. 
 [Laughs] 
 I don't need that. 
 I get my strength from being alone, and that's why I'm gonna destroy all of you. 
 Shut him up already, will ya? 
 Unh! 
 Come on, help me out! Little b*st*rd! 
 [Gunshot] Unh! 
 [Panting] 
 This is where they're holding Taylor. 
 What's your plan, John? 
 No plan. 
 [Cocks gun] 
 I'll just take the direct approach. 
 I'm sorry I'm not much use on this end of things. 
 Look... 
 Show me how to fire one of these and I can help. 
 I'll... 
 Create a distraction, I suppose, or... 
 That's okay, Harold. 
 You can be the getaway driver. 
 I'll be fine. 
 Besides, you know I don't like it when people mess with kids. 
 Last chance, Detective. 
 Those immoral, corrupt men or your innocent son. 
 No deal. 
 What are you gonna do? 
 I'm staying right here. 
 They're not getting past me. 
 I'm not as alone as you think! 
 [Knock on door] 
 [Automatic gunfire] 
 Unh! 
 [Heroes Of Newerth's  I Have Earned My Tomorrows] 
 ♪ ♪ 
♪ I have earned my tomorrows ♪ 
♪ and my dreams all fade away ♪ 
 [Automatic gunfire] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Aah! 
 [Door closes] 
 Are you okay? 
 Yeah. 
 Who are you? 
 My name is John. 
 Your mother sent me. 
 You here to rescue me? 
 Or shoot me? 
 Tonight... 
 Rescue. 
 Hey, Carter. 
 Those HR cops just took off. 
 [Cocks gun] 
 Keep the Dons in the back. 
 Hey, you heard the lady. Get back. 
 Open the door, Detective. 
 I should have known. 
 All that nonsense about bringing Elias into the fold. 
 You're an embarrassment! A rat! 
 Elias offered me a deal. 
 When change comes, you gotta adapt. 
 You and your old man, you never learned that lesson. 
 Drop it, Zambrano. 
 Not until you let me out of here. 
 You should have given Elias everything he wanted like the rest of them. 
 I don't look the other way. 
 Yeah, but your partner does. 
 Right... 
 Fusco? 
 You see, in less than 30 seconds there's a guy that's gonna come into this room that's gonna run this city. 
 You're a survivor. 
 You gonna choose the right side? 
 Or are you gonna die alone here with your partner? 
 [Gunshots] 
 [Cocks gun] 
 [Hitting door] 
 [Guns cocking] 
 Not one more step, Elias. 
 Tell your boys to put down their weapons... 
 Or their day will end like Zambrano's over here. 
 You're good at your job, Detective. 
 I'm good at mine. 
 I was hoping we could avoid further bloodshed. 
 This is where it ends. 
 Right here, right now. 
 [Police sirens] 
 I called for backup. 
 [Police sirens] 
 You gotta trust somebody, Carter. 
 This guy doesn't own every cop. 
 Get down, get down! 
 [Guns clattering on floor] 
 Carl Elias, you are under arrest. 
 I'll have to check my notes for the list of charges, but murder and kidnapping are at the top. 
 You can't stop the inevitable, Detective. 
 Change will happen whether you embrace it or not. 
 He was my father. 
 You're dead. 
 No one's ever gonna remember you even existed! 
 You're nothing, you hear me? 
 [Cell phone rings] 
 Talk to me. 
 Mom, it's me. 
 Taylor. Are you okay? 
 That guy you sent is kind of a bad-ass. 
 Yeah, he knows it too. 
 Who's the guy with the glasses? 
 If you find out, let me know. 
 Where are you? 
 I'm safe. 
 I'll see you soon. 
 Okay. 
 You're okay... 
 [Cries] Good to know you keep your promises. 
 I told you I'd never let anything happen to your son. 
 Thank you. 
 ♪[Ne me quitte pas by Nina Simone]♪ 
♪ ♪ 
 Birth date? 
 August 18, 1965. 
 Social Security number? 
 306-00-3894. 
 It's good to have you back, pop. 
 It's good to be back. 
 Let's go home, son. 
 [Cell phone rings] 
 [Ringing continues] 
 Hello? 
 Hi, dad. 
 What, is this somehow supposed to intimidate me? 
 I just wanted to say good-bye... 
 And that I wish I could have been there. 
 [Explosion heard over phone] 
 [Line cuts off] 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 