Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x07 - Something to Talk About - Grey's Anatomy 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x07 - Something to Talk About https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=11&t=6752 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 11/08/05 20:59 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x07 - Something to Talk About 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 GREY'S ANATOMY 
 2x07: Something to Talk About 
 Original Airdate: 11/6/2005 
 Written by: Stacy McKee 
 Directed by: Adam Davidson ( Seattle Scenes )  ( MEREDITH'S TOWN HOUSE ) ( Opens with Meredith lying in bed )  MVO: Communication. It's the first thing we really learn in life.  ( Cut to Meredith walking out the door of her house. Cut to Meredith driving down the highway to work. Cut to Staff Locker Room. A bunch of interns are gathered dressing and talking about Meredith )  Intern: She didn't even know he was married. I mean, his wife just shows up and he dumps her. I heard she flipped out.  Intern: What does she expect? She got what she deserved. Dating an attending!  Intern: Dating Mc Dreamy. Have you seen his hair? No guy is that perfect.  Intern: I think it's kinda sad. She has to work here. With him. With them. Everyone knows.  ( Camera pans across to the other side of the lockers where Meredith is listening to them despondently )  MVO: Funny thing is once we grow up, learn our words and really start talking; the harder it becomes to know what to say or how to ask for what we really need.  ( Cut to a therapy session where Addison & Derek are receiving marriage counseling )  Therapist: What do you ah need to make this marriage work?  Derek: I need her to move to Seattle.  Addison: That's just ah ...  Therapist ( interrupts ): Addison, what do you need?  Addison: I need him to stop talking to Meredith.  Derek: Ah uh I work with her!  Addison: You want me to pick up my entire practice and move here? Fine! I want you to give up your girlfriend.  Derek: I did give up my girlfriend. Okay you wanted me to take you back, I took you back here in Seattle.  Addison: See once again it's all about what he wants.  Derek: Okay she's not listening to me. I'm not gonna move back to Manhattan. I'm not the same person you're used to.  Addison ( interrupts ): I know you're a flannel wearing, wood chopping fisherman. I get it!  Derek: Oh that's just great. I'm not gonna talk to her anymore if she's gonna behave like this.  ( A timer dings )  Addison: Fine!  Therapist: Sorry guys. Times up. Good progress.  ( They both look at him disbelievingly )  ( Cut to George, Cristina & Izzie waiting at a nurse's station for Bailey for rounds )  George: Well we have to do something. Meredith's become like an exhibit. ( Cristina groans ) Like the ... ( to Izzie ) hey. Like a zoo animal, like that rare panda that everyone stares at.  Izzie: Please don't say that to her face. I think that panda died alone.  ( Cristina chuckles )  George: This just could just as easily be you, if people knew about you and ( he mouths silently ) Burke.  Cristina: You take that back.  George: No. I'm just saying we should do something to cheer her up.  Izzie: Don't worry about it.  Cristina: It's under control.  George: Wait, what do you guys have going on?  Cristina & Izzie: Nothing.  George: What?  ( Bailey & Meredith come up together to the nurse's station )  Bailey: Where's Karev?  Izzie: Probably off somewhere, not kissing somebody.  Bailey: Let's go O'Malley.  ( They start walking off. Cristina, Izzie & Meredith follow a few feet behind them. Meredith has a funny look on her face )  Cristina: Ah hmm. Hey so um after rounds we have something to show you.  Izzie ( looking at Meredith closely ): Mer? Meredith, can you hear us?  Cristina: She's not deaf.  Izzie: Well, she looks weird.  Cristina: Well what did you expect? Derek didn't pick her, she's gone mental.  Izzie: Meredith have you gone mental?  Meredith: I have not gone mental.  Cristina: See, okay she's fine. ( Excited ) We have something to show you. So whatever you do, do not get assigned to a surgery this morning.  ( They walk into an elevator, except for Meredith who sees Derek & Addison walk out of the elevator next to theirs. Meredith stares at them. A group of guys point and look at Meredith. Cristina comes out & takes Meredith into the elevator )  Cristina ( to the guys ): Yeah? Mind your own business.  ( Cut to a patient's room. An elderly woman named Kimberley Griswold is lying on a hospital bed. Her husband is rushing around doing little things for her. Cristina, George, Izzie, Bailey & Burke are there )  Cristina: Mrs. Ah Kimberley Griswold. History of heart disease and multiple surgeries. In for a beating heart quadruple CABG.  ( Alex walks in late )  Izzie: You're late.  Burke: Yes Karev, nice of you to join us. ( He gives Alex a look and then returns to the chart ) Why keep the heart beating Dr. Yang?  Cristina ( looks at Izzie and then back at Burke ): I don't know.  Bailey: What?  Cristina ( very forced sounding ): I have no idea.  ( Bailey looks peeved and looks at Izzie )  Izzie: Oh I don't know either. Just don't.  Meredith: Because of the ... ( Izzie elbows her and gives her a look ) ... ow...  Burke: Anyone else?  Alex: Stress reduction because of the previous surgeries ...  Burke ( interrupts ): O'Malley.  Alex: I know, I know the answer.  Burke: I'm asking O'Malley.  George: Scar tissue is too deep. Heart's too weak to start up again so you only immobilize the portion you're working on and you leave the rest of the heart on its own.  ( He gives a bewildered look to the girls. Alex leaves the room )  Burke: Welcome to the case.  George: Thank you.  Izzie ( whispers to the 2 girls ): Okay move.  Mrs. Griswold: What is that?  Mr. Griswold: PJs.  ( Cut to outside of the hospital room in the hallway. Alex speaks to Bailey. Meredith, Izzie & Cristina huddle off to the side, whispering quietly )  Alex: That is unfair and you know it. He's punishing me for the elevator.  Bailey ( angry ): He's punishing you because you were late for rounds. You wanna tell me why you were late? ( Alex is silent ) Dr. Shepherd needs somebody on his nerve case today. Go.  ( Alex walks off. Bailey turns around annoyed to face the 3 girls )  Bailey: And you three! Brush up on how to not embarrass me in front of the attendings or I'll see to it that your hearts stop beating. We clear?  ( They murmur their apologies and scurry off. Bailey looks amazed at their behavior )  ( Cut to Cristina, Meredith & Izzie walking down a stair way )  Meredith: What is going on?  Izzie: We found a case.  Meredith: You stole a case?  Cristina: Borrowed from psych. Okay the prelims on this thing is totally unprecedented.  Izzie ( smiling ): And we found it.  Meredith: Stole it.  Cristina: Found. Stole. Hijacked. Whatever. Okay, Meredith behind this door is the coolest medical mystery I have ever seen.  ( They walk into a new hallway and to outside a patient's room )  Cristina: Now you can either walk away guilt free ...  Meredith: Mmm Hmm.  Cristina: ... or walk through this door, risk your place in the program which could possibly lead to spending the rest of your life serving fries in bad clothing. ( Meredith gives her a look. Izzie looks excited ) So are you in?  Meredith: Hell yeah.  ( Izzie knocks on the door and they enter )  Cristina: Mr. Herman.  ( The patient is hidden from view by a curtain )  Shane: Oh no please call me Shane. ( He is sitting on the bed edging his way across slowly with his back to the girls ) I gotta hit the can, again! ( Cristina shuts the door behind them ) Seems like I gotta go every 30 seconds these days.  Meredith ( whispers ): It's just a guy.  Cristina: Wait for it.  Izzie: Wait.  Shane: I sure am glad to be off that psych floor.  Meredith: What's so special?  Cristina ( mutters ): Wait for it.  ( Shane has a hard time standing up. Meredith looks at him confused. He starts walking towards them to the bathroom )  Shane: I'm not nuts. I'm just pregnant.  ( Camera pans down to show Shane's very swollen, pregnant like stomach. Meredith looks stunned. Cristina & Izzie giving her knowing looks )  ( Outside SGH )  ( Shane's room )  ( Cut to Meredith, Izzie & Cristina helping Shane into his hospital bed )  Shane: I was fine and then last month, huge belly. My doctor just kept telling me I was gaining weight with my wife. She's due on the 30th. It's her first.  ( Izzie & Cristina start checking out his stomach. Prodding it and putting a stethoscope to it )  Meredith: Congratulations.  Cristina: The admitting intern shipped him off to Psych. Barely did a physical. ( to Izzie ) Feel that.  Izzie: It's not fluid. There's something in there.  Shane: Yeah no joke there's something in there. I've been able to feel it getting bigger and bigger, growing in my ... you know ... my womb. ( The girls share looks ) Yeah I know I sound crazy. I do ... but I can prove it.  ( Debbie a middle aged nurse comes into the room )  Debbie: This room is supposed to be unoccupied. Whose patient is this?  Cristina & Izzie ( point at each other ): Hers.  ( Shane looks confused )  Debbie: Who transferred him? I don't have any paperwork, any transfer documents.  Cristina ( dismissive ): Give me a break. We shuffle rooms all the time. You know if ah we need a bedpan changed, um we'll let you know.  ( She grabs a curtain and closes to conceal Shane )  Debbie: Okay doctor you do that.  ( Debbie leaves )  Meredith: Okay where's his chart? ( Cristina & Izzie look at each other ) Don't tell me you don't have his chart. You steal a patient and you don't take the chart.  Cristina ( to Izzie ): That was your job.  Izzie: Yeah I was on lookout.  ( Cut to Psych office. An Indian psych intern, Raj is sitting there looking through some files. Meredith comes to the window and knocks on it. He looks confused and opens the window for Meredith )  Meredith: How you doing? You good?  ( He looks thoroughly confused. Behind him at the same time at the doorway, Izzie & Cristina attempt to steal Shane's patient chart )  Meredith: You look good. Come on we're friends.  Raj: What's my name?  ( Meredith looks to his name badge, but he covers it quickly with his hand )  Meredith: Um. Alright. So I don't know your name.  ( He turns around suspiciously but Izzie & Cristina duck out of view )  Meredith: It's not like we can't talk. ( He turns back to face Meredith ) You don't have to be a surgeon for me to talk to you, you know.  Raj ( sarcastic ): Really?  Meredith: Really.  Raj: Cause I thought you only talk to attendings.  ( Cristina grabs the chart & runs out. Raj closes the window in front of Meredith's face )  ( Cut to patient room where a young asian girl named Nicole is sitting in a wheelchair. Her parents are with her. Dr. Shepherd & Alex are in the room as well )  Derek: Now Nicole you've been having problems with spasticity?  Nicole: Mom?  Mrs. Verma: She's says the spasms make her legs dance.  Mr. Verma: We just want to make things a little easier for her. She starts college this fall.  ( Nicole smiles shyly at Alex who smiles back )  Derek: Ah.  Mrs. Verma: Seattle Community. Right down the street from us.  Mr. Verma: Not that she wouldn't have her pick of schools out of state.  Mrs. Verma: But she's not ready for that yet.  Alex ( winking at Nicole ): Why, not because she's in a wheelchair?  Derek: Has Dr. Ostfeld named something called a cystoplasty? No? It's an operation to enlarge Nicole's bladder. It creates an opening called a stoma. It's improved the quality of life in a lot of my paralysis patients.  Mr. Verma: We toyed with the idea a few years ago.  Mrs. Verma: It's not for us.  Mr. Verma: Maybe we should re-visit it.  Mrs. Verma: Re-visit an invasive risky procedure that's got a 20 percent failure rate? I don't think so.  Derek: Nicole, it's something worth considering. It means you wouldn't have to wear a catheter all the time. Not to mention the medical benefits, it ah would improve your quality of life. You know? You'd be like girls your own age. You'd be in control of your own bladder, no messy bags. You'd have a more normal s*x life.  ( Nicole looks down shyly at this. Her mother looks extremely uncomfortable by the idea )  Derek: You know when that becomes an issue, of course.  Mrs. Verma ( to Nicole ): We're here for the pain procedure. That's it.  ( Cut to Derek & Alex outside in the hallway )  Alex: That girl and her mom share the same brain. She's not getting that surgery.  Derek: I want you to take Nicole with you, everywhere you go today. Take her to labs, take her to coffee, take her anywhere. Just get her away from her parents.  Alex: You want me to baby-sit the wheelchair chick?  Derek: Nicole. She thinks you're cute. She's a teenager, which means she might even listen to you.  Alex ( accusingly ): You want me to convince her to get that surgery.  Derek: I want you to convince her to make the decision for herself.  Alex: And how am I supposed to do that?  Derek: Dr. Karev, you're creative. You'll think of something. Thank you.  ( Derek walks off )  ( Cut to Mrs. Griswold's room. Dr. Burke is doing a physical exam on her. George is there as well. Mr. Griswold is running around the room doing stuff for his wife )  Burke: This will be an extensive operation, even for an open heart veteran like yourself.  Mrs. Griswold: My room was bigger last time. It was brighter. More sun. ( to her husband ) Alan this water is warm, I need more ice. ( Mr. Griswold hurries to grab more ice )  Burke: I'm sending you in for a nuclear scan. Then we'll get you into the OR this afternoon. You do understand all of the risks?  Mrs. Griswold: I've been through it too many times to not understand the risks. ( to her husband in demanding voice ) Get the blinds. Open the blinds. This room is depressing.  ( Mr. Griswold rushes to open the blinds )  Burke: I'll check back a little later.  ( Mr. Griswold opens the blinds, but his wife makes a face indicating it's too bright so he tries to adjust it. Dr. Burke & George start heading out of the room )  Burke: Take her for a thallium scan. Pick up her x-rays on the way.  George: Dr. Burke, thank you for choosing me to assist you today.  Burke: You're my guy, O'Malley.  George: You I'm, I am? I mean ... yeah.  Mrs. Griswold ( to her husband ): Hand me the tissues. ... No, no, no wait. Hospital have germs, get my hand sanitizer out of my case.  ( Dr. Burke & George walk out of the room )  George: Why would you be with someone who makes you that unhappy?  Burke: Excuse me?  George: I mean like, well like you're happy with Cristina. I mean, she's happy. Well happier. You know, Cristina happy which is not normal people's happy but ... ( Dr. Burke just stares at him. George gets a little uncomfortable ) You know happy since you guys started ah ... ( George realizes he should just stop talking ) Scans I'm on it. I'm your guy.  ( Dr. Burke walks off )  George: And I'm an idiot.  ( Cut to Cristina, Meredith & Izzie coming out of an elevator looking over Shane's chart excitedly. They run into Derek without noticing )  Derek: Hi. Hello. Hi. Meredith, maybe we could you know ah talk?  ( Meredith just stares at him silent )  Cristina & Izzie ( shaking their heads ): No.  ( They pull Meredith away )  Derek: Okay.  ( Cut to Alex pushing Nicole in her wheelchair coming out of an elevator into a hallway )  Alex: Beep beep.  Nicole: What'd you do to get stuck with me?  Alex: Nothing.  Nicole: Come on, I know you're not just wheeling me around for kicks.  Alex: No. I was late for rounds.  Nicole: Why?  Alex: Ah because I had things to do. ( He sees Izzie, Meredith & Cristina walking down a hallway through some double doors ) Hey Izzie!  ( They continue walking. He chases after her still pushing Nicole )  Alex ( calls out ): Izzie! ... Hey dollface!  ( Izzie gestures for the others to continue. She turns around to face Alex )  Alex: Oh I was gonna ask you a favor since you know maybe you're better with people than I am ...  Izzie ( interrupts, voice cold ): No.  ( She turns to walk away )  Alex: But you haven't even heard what ...  ( She turns back )  Izzie ( interrupts angry ): No! No. You're like a broken record. God. You're only ever nice or friendly or anything when it's convenient for you. So no to your favor. No to you. No.  ( She starts walking off again )  Alex: What's up with you?  ( She turns around again really pissed )  Izzie ( really angry ): I put on a dress! I did my hair! I had one night off in 2 weeks and I used it on you. And what do I get? Nothing. No respect. No apology. You couldn't even be bothered to ... kiss me goodnight. You know what you're a coward and you're just as shallow as you seem. So I am done trying to be your friend or whatever. I'm over it.  ( She walks off down the hallway through some double doors. Alex looks stunned )  Nicole: She's really mad at you.  ( Cut to Shane's room. His pregnant wife is sitting on his bed. Cristina is talking to her. Shane is in the bathroom, Meredith is outside waiting for him )  Meredith: The urine sample is last thing we need, Mr. Herman.  ( Izzie walks into the room as well )  Cristina: Ah, meet Shane's wife, Tina.  Izzie: Hey.  Cristina: She's also pregnant.  ( Shane comes out the bathroom with a jar of urine )  Meredith: And can you tell us what precipitated the psychotic episode that got you admitted to the hospital.  Shane: It wasn't an episode, ok? And I'm not psychotic. I am pregnant! I mean wouldn't, wouldn't you freak out if you were me? ( to his wife ) Honey did you bring it?  Tina: Yeah, yeah.  Shane: Oh good. ( He starts rummaging around through a brown paper bag ) I can prove to everyone I'm not crazy.  ( Raj the psych intern walks in )  Raj: That is my patient!  Izzie: Uh oh.  Cristina: Yeah well he's ours now. And if you want to fight me for it, I'll guarantee you I'll win.  ( Shane has a stick and dips it into the urine jar. Bailey has entered the room at this point )  Bailey: Now, what is going on in here?  Cristina: Dr. Bailey, ( to Shane ) just a moment please. ( to Bailey ) Look at his abdomen.  ( Raj rushes over to them )  Raj: It's a male hysterical pregnancy. It's a psych case. ( He slaps Shane's stomach ) And it's mine!  Shane: It's not hysterical! I am pregnant.  ( Izzie is distracted by the pregnancy test stick Shane used )  Raj: See? Psych!  Cristina: No his belly is distended. There's no signs of ascites and I clearly feel a mass with deep palpation. Surgical.  Izzie ( softly ): Guys.  Shane ( sees the stick ): Told you I could prove it.  Raj: Psych.  Cristina: Surgical.  Bailey: Eh, come on now. You're doctors. Act like it.  ( Izzie picks up the pregnancy stick )  Izzie: Guys.  Raj: Psych!  Cristina: Surgical!  Raj: Psych!  Cristina: Surgical!  Raj: Psych!  Cristina: Surgical!  Izzie ( loudly ): Guys! ( They all look at her ) Shane took a pregnancy test and it's positive.  ( Cristina glaring at Raj, hands Shane's chart to Bailey )  Bailey: He's definitely a surgical patient now.  ( Cristina & Izzie exchange satisfied looks. Raj looks disappointed )  ( Cut to about a dozen people in Shane's room now. There's a photographer taking photos and Addison is doing an ultrasound )  Bailey ( softly to Izzie & Cristina ): Do not think for a moment I condone stealing patients. That said ... way to go.  Shane: The first pregnancy test I took was a joke, to make Tina laugh.  Tina: We didn't think it would lead to ... you know, this.  Addison: Mr. Herman, I can assure you, you are in no way pregnant.  Shane: Wooh. It's a relief to hear it, you know officially. ( Addison leaves the room ) But hey, why was that stick blue?  Bailey: Well that's what we're gonna find out. Uh, Stevens do a shot gun work up, including tumor markers. And get CT to make some room for us in line.  Shane ( weirded out by the camera ): What's this for again?  ( Someone's beeper goes off )  Izzie: Ah medical journals, monthly case reports.  Cristina: Annual banquet highlight reels.  ( They both pose for a picture with Shane. A beeper goes off again )  Bailey: Ah hey! Whose pager is that?  Cristina: Um, um, mine. But I found him, so can someone else go? Bailey ( interrupts ): What do you ... no! We don't ignore pages Yang.  ( She makes a gesture for Cristina to leave. Cristina leaves the room. Shane is looking uncomfortable at the attention. Dr. Bailey makes her way to Shane's bedside with a measuring tape )  Bailey: Excuse me. ( She measures Shane's stomach ) Here. Just need to get to the top.  Meredith: We'll be finished soon right, Dr. Bailey?  ( Dr. Bailey doesn't appear to hear her as she too is also half posing for the photographer )  ( Cut to Cristina at a Nurse's desk. Debbie hands her a pile of patient charts )  Debbie: Patient in 4243 needs a rectal. Then I've got 2 infected wounds, a foley, a grown abscess, 4 debridements and ah ... case of explosive diarrhea.  Cristina: You're kidding me right?  Debbie: I'm not known for my humor.  Cristina: Ah uh why did you page me? ... ah none of these are my patients.  Debbie: You're Bailey's intern right? Then these are you're patients. ( A phone rings at the desk and Debbie answers ) Debbie here.  ( Cut to Derek walking up some stairs in the hospital with Nicole's parents )  Derek: A portion of the intestine is used to enlarge the bladder. Then we construct a pathway for a whole new belly button. It's a very tiny hole that's virtually invisible. She can wear a bikini and no one would ever know.  Mrs. Verma: Why would she need a bikini? She doesn't know how to swim.  Derek: She could to the beach. Lie in the sun. Hang out with her friends.  Mr. Verma: Oh my god, she's so self conscious now.  Derek: Right, exactly.  Mr. Verma ( to his wife ): Nicole could have friends her own age Elaine.  Mrs. Verma ( to Derek ): When did you say Nicole would be back?  Derek: After her labs. Now just think about her future. Nicole could be independent. She could go to college anywhere. She could have a job, have her own apartment. Date. Get married.  Mrs. Verma: These labs are taking a long time.  Mr. Verma: She can spend more than 20 minutes away from us, Elaine.  Mrs. Verma: I'm asking about my only child.  Mr. Verma: She's not a child anymore.  Mrs. Verma: She's my child. She'll always be my child.  ( Cut to George wheeling Mrs. Griswold in a wheelchair down a hospital hallway to get her nuclear scan. Mr. Griswold is walking with them )  Mrs. Griswold: Alan!  Mr. Griswold: Yes?  Mrs. Griswold: Watch your step, you're hitting my chair.  Mr. Griswold: I'm sorry.  Mrs. Griswold: And hold onto my bag.  Mr. Griswold: I've got it.  Mrs. Griswold: And don't rummage through it.  Mr. Griswold: I won't.  ( George hands Mrs. Griswold over to a tech at the scan room who takes Mrs. Griswold into the room. George & Mr. Griswold remain outside )  Mr. Griswold: Please and thank yous were never her strong suit.  George: You're a very patient person.  Mr. Griswold: Years of practice. ( The strap of Mrs. Griswold bag comes undone ) Woops.  ( George takes the bag off him and starts putting the strap back in its place )  Mr. Griswold: I just try to keep her calm. You know they didn't think they she was gonna survive the 1st surgery, let alone 3 more. Here it is 10 years later, she's still here. Yeah it's a miracle that she's still alive. That's what everyone says.  George: What do you say?  Mr. Griswold: Uh, it's right there in the vows. In sickness and in health, right? ( George nods and hands Mr. Griswold the bag back fixed ) Thanks.  ( Cut to Meredith, Cristina & Izzie eating lunch in the outdoor hospital cafeteria. Meredith is reading a magazine. George comes down and sits at their table with his food )  George ( annoyed ): Pregnant guy? You had a pregnant guy and didn't tell me?  Izzie: Well, we can get you floor space in the OR for 50 bucks.  ( Cristina chuckles )  Meredith ( serious ): You're selling tickets and we don't even know what's wrong with him.  Cristina: Whatever he's got inside has got to come out. We're just brokering a few deals.  Izzie: Sort of like backstage passes. Want in on the cash?  Meredith ( shakes her head ): No.  George: I didn't need a pregnant guy! I was Burke's new go to guy. ( speaks to Cristina ) But that's over thanks to you. He didn't know that I knew about you two.  Cristina: Stop talking.  Izzie ( smiles and then looks up at something ): What on earth?  ( Alex wheels Nicole to their table with both their lunches. The rest of them look at him questioningly )  Nicole: Hi ... I'm Alex's charity case.  Cristina: Huh, I like her already.  George: Are you volunteering?  Alex: Don't ask.  Izzie: Why? It's not like we can read your mind. It's not like we have any idea what's going on in your tiny, tiny, tiny little brain.  Cristina: She has a point. ( her pager goes off. frustrated ) I am hungry!  ( She gets up and leaves )  Nicole: So this is cool. A real live lunchtime. In a real cafeteria with trays and friends.  Izzie: We're not his friends.  George: Don't they have a cafeteria at your school?  Nicole: I'm home schooled by my parents.  Alex: That explains a lot.  Nicole: So are you guys the cool kids around here or something?  Meredith: What would make you think that?  Nicole: It seems like everyone is talking about you.  ( Meredith looks at up at this from her magazine and sure enough people sitting at various tables are looking over and talking pointedly about Meredith. Meredith goes back to her magazine )  ( Cut to CT imaging, where Shane is about to get his CT scan. Meredith & Izzie are there )  CT Tech: The guys and I were taking bets on who would get to scan this dude. ( She gestures to a pocket full of money ) Beers are on me tonight. Next up the wager on what this thing is.  Meredith: You're taking bets?  CT Tech: On what's inside his belly. You want in? 10 bucks.  Izzie: Well we know its not fat, fluid or fetus, so ...  ( They peer close at the scanned images coming up on the screen )  CT Tech: Jeez.  Meredith: Are those teeth?  Izzie ( smiling ): Cristina is gonna be so mad she missed this.  ( Cut to Cristina walking down a hallway to a patient's room in which the male nurse Tyler has just walked out of )  Tyler: I was told to page you and only you if something like this came up.  Cristina: Who told you? Bailey? ( You can hear the patient vomiting from outside ) No.  Tyler: Oh yes. And all I can say is you must've made one serious faux pas.  ( He hands her a tub )  Cristina: I hate vomit.  Tyler ( hands her cloth to cover her mouth ): You're gonna need this.  ( He walks off. Cristina looks to the side and make's eye contact with Dr. Bailey who can only raise her eyebrows back at Cristina which can almost be interpreted as you deserve it. You can hear the patient vomit again )  ( Cut to Cristina walking up to Burke who is standing in front of the OR board. Their conversation is conducted in hushed tones )  Cristina: Bailey knows.  Burke: Knows what?  Cristina ( she stresses the 2nd word ): She knows.  Burke: Well, O'Malley knows, why not Bailey?  Cristina: So you didn't tell her?  Burke: Why would I do that?  Cristina: This is bad.  Burke: We have to manage the damage ourselves before this thing spins to far out of control. And that means coming clean to the chief.  Cristina: What?  Burke: If we come out into the open, then no one has anything to say.  Cristina: No, no, no way. No way.  Burke: That's the only way.  Cristina: No.  ( Richard has walked up the hallway and is standing right behind them now )  Richard: Good morning.  Burke: Morning chief.  Cristina: Ah thank you Dr. Burke. ( she walks off )  Burke: You're welcome. ( to Richard ) Great board Chief.  ( Burke leaves as well. Richard is left standing confused )  
 
 ( Cut to Mrs. Griswold's room where she is lying in bed again. Mr. Griswold is sitting on the bed opposite to her. George is taking her blood pressure )  Mrs. Griswold ( to her husband condescending ): Could you make sure that they get the breathing tube out of my throat right after surgery this time? ( to George ) Are you trying to cut off my circulation?  Mr. Griswold: He's just doing his job.  Mrs. Griswold: What did you say?  Mr. Griswold: I said he's just doing his job.  Mrs. Griswold: Well I don't really care whose job he's doing, he's squeezing my arm off. Are you just gonna sit there?  Mr. Griswold ( takes a deep breath ): Shut up, Kim. ( she looks at him questioningly ) Just shut up, huh?  George ( tries to interrupt ): Hey.  Mr. Griswold: You complain to me, about me ...  ( Mrs. Griswold's heart monitor starts beeping faster )  George ( tries again ): Maybe ...  Mr. Griswold ( gets louder ): Around me. All day! Everyday! A little silence would be nice. A few measly minutes of quiet.  George: Mr. Griswold!  Mr. Griswold ( yells ): Can't you just for once in your life just shut up?  ( Mrs. Griswold has trouble breathing and heart monitor beeps rapidly. George rushes to her )  ( Cut to Dr. Burke entering Mrs. Griswold's room where there a now a few nurses there as well )  Burke: What do we got?  George: She had a Levine sign. EKG shows ST elevations in the inferior leads.  Burke: She's having a heart attack. Give her 4mg of morphine. Run nitro. 10 mics per minute. Lets do this fast so we can get her into surgery people.  Mr. Griswold ( sighs ): I did this. ... I did this to her.  ( Cut to Shane's room where Izzie, Dr. Bailey & Richard are looking at Shane's CT scans. Meredith is at Shane's bedside. There are some other doctors and nurses in their taking pictures with their mobile phones or cameras and pointing and looking )  Bailey: A mesenteric teratoma chief.  Izzie: In an adult male!  Richard: Is this possible?  Bailey: It is now. Large bilobed cystic lesion.  Izzie: With a solid calcified structure.  Richard: A deformed mandible.  ( Richard walks up to Shane fascinated and checks out his stomach )  Bailey: Labs show elevated HCG levels that explains the false positive on the pregnancy test.  Izzie: Which also means ...  Richard: ... probably malignant.  Meredith ( to Shane ): You ok? You look a little green. ( Shane sighs ) I think he needs some air Chief.  Richard: Deep breaths Mr. Herman.  Shane ( to Meredith ): It's just that most of this medical speak goes right over my head.  Izzie: You have what's called a teratoma. And it's really very rare in adults.  Meredith: Which is why you're so popular. It's just a mass of cells that's probably been there your whole life only now ...  Izzie: ... now it's growing.  Shane: Yeah growing jawbones and toe nails and ah clumps of hair. Yeah I've been listening.  Tina ( a little upset ): It's just that nobody's really talking to us.  Meredith: Just about you. I know what that's like.  ( Cristina comes rushing into the room )  Cristina: Uh what, what did I miss?  Izzie: Ew, is that ... is that rectal jelly on your scrubs?  ( Cristina looks at her scrubs but then her pager goes off. Cristina half groans and leaves the room again. Meredith makes her way over to Dr. Bailey away from Shane's bedside )  Meredith: Dr. Bailey, all the attention. All the people, they're making them panic.  ( Cut to Addison & Derek standing on the rooftop of some building in Seattle )  Derek: You know when you said you found a lunch spot with a view I knew I should've taken you literally.  Addison: I found it in my best of Seattle guide. It's hardly brown bagging and top of the Empire State building but ... they do have these cute little viewfinders.  Derek: You always find something to complain about.  Addison: Okay is there anything that you like about me anymore? Because if there is I really need to know now.  Derek: Well I like that you like cute little viewfinders in every city you live in.  Addison: I don't live here yet. ( There's silence for a bit ) Are you gonna stop talking to Meredith?  Derek: I will.  Addison: When? ... Today, tomorrow, next week?  Derek: Maybe I'm not ready yet.  Addison: Are you ever gonna be ready, Derek?  Derek: What if I say no?  Addison: Then I'm not moving here.  Derek: Well, I guess we're at an impasse then.  ( Cut to Cristina walking up the stairs outside the O.R board, Burke is walking on the floor with OR board and calls out to her )  Burke: Dr. Yang. We never finished our conversation.  Cristina: Yes we did. We decided we're not gonna tell you know who about us.  Burke: We decided? If you're worried about your career, your reputation, they're in much more danger if he hears about us through the grapevine.  ( Cristina comes back down the stairs to meet Burke )  Cristina: He doesn't have to hear about us at all.  Burke: Only he will. It's just a matter of time. Unless you're hesitating because of some, some different reason.  Cristina: You are not thinking this through.  Burke: Like not wanting to admit to this relationship at all.  Cristina: We are a couple.  Burke: Fine.  ( He walks off upset )  Cristina: Burke.  Burke: I said fine.  ( He continues walking )  ( Cut to Alex wheeling Nicole to the abandoned hallway hangout )  Alex: So what's up with you not wanting to get this procedure?  Nicole: I'm fine the way I am.  Alex: Good point. Your choice.  ( He pushes her wheelchair away from him and goes to a cabinet and pulls out some medical texts. He sits on a hospital bed and starts reading )  Nicole: So you're not gonna try and talk me into it?  Alex: Right now I'm gonna study.  Nicole: Nuclear something fancy name-ology. Is that why you were late? You were studying?  Alex: No.  Nicole: Is that girl Izzie your girlfriend?  Alex: No.  Nicole: Do you want her to be your girlfriend?  Alex: Look I got stuck with you because I was late for rounds so if you don't mind kid, kinda busy.  Nicole: I'm 18, you know.  Alex: What?  Nicole: I'm not a kid. I'm 18. And ... and I don't have to stay down here with you. I could go back to my room.  Alex: So go.  Nicole: Izzie's right. You're an ass.  Alex: And I'm not an ass. Yeah okay I am an ass. But I'm a cute ass, right?  Nicole ( huffs ): How come you didn't kiss her?  Alex: I thought you were leaving.  Nicole: If I had a chance to kiss someone I liked, I wouldn't hesitate.  Alex: If I had the chance to lose the urine bag around my ankle I wouldn't hesitate either. Then again I don't let my mommy do all my talking for me.  ( He smirks at her )  Nicole: I don't like you.  Alex: Yes, you do.  Nicole: Jerk.  Alex: Motor mouth.  Nicole: Baby-sitter.  Alex: Two-wheeler.  Nicole ( chuckles ): Now that's just politically incorrect.  ( Alex smiles back )  ( Cut to the O.R. where Burke is operating on Mrs. Griswold. George is standing next to him assisting )  Burke: Ok, looks like Mrs. Griswold is doing well.  ( Camera pans up to the gallery where a bunch of interns are watching the surgery including Meredith, Izzie & Cristina. You can hear Dr. Burke murmuring about the surgery. Derek walks into the gallery. Everyone turns to look at him. He hesitates walking in and decides to stay at the doorway. They turn back to look at the surgery )  Cristina: Look at that. Perfectly exposed partially numb beating heart. It's a beautiful thing.  Burke: Code red!  ( Camera pans back down to the surgery. Mrs. Griswold's heart has caught on fire. Yes on fire! )  Izzie ( amazed ): Oh I think it just caught on fire.  George: The heart's on fire.  Burke: We have to save Mrs. Griswold. Begin fire protocol.  George: I'm on it.  Burke: Code red! Begin fire protocol. ( George puts out the fire with water ) Move people! O'Malley disconnect the electrical leads.  George: Got it.  ( George begins disconnecting the leads )  Burke: Any unnecessary personnel in this room evacuate now! Shut down the O2.  George: Already on it.  ( He shuts it down )  Burke: Start manual respiration.  ( All the interns are standing watching the surgery intently )  George: Okay I got the ambu bag. Starting manual respiration.  Burke: I gotta control this bleeding. Her vitals are stabilizing. We might just have a chance.  ( Cut to Izzie, Cristina & Meredith sitting on the stairs outside the OR board )  Meredith ( dazed ): She was on fire.  Izzie: I have never seen anything like that. What was that?  Cristina: A freak accident.  Meredith ( dazed ): She was on fire.  Cristina: Uh yeah you've already said that.  Meredith ( still dazed ): I know but she was. On fire.  ( George walks by the stairs )  Cristina: George. You okay?  George: She was on fire.  ( Cristina stands up when she sees Burke walking by )  Cristina: Hey that was intense, are you okay?  ( he continues walking )  Burke: I'm fine. O'Malley lets go.  ( They both walking. Cristina's pager goes off )  Cristina ( sighs ): I'm so over this.  ( Cut to Cristina walking up to Dr. Bailey who is at a nurse's station. Cristina coughs lightly to get her attention )  Bailey: Uh hey I heard a heard a heart caught on fire? In the OR?  Cristina: I am the best intern you've got and you are wasting me on puke and boils. And I get it and I even deserve it but please you can't keep me away from this surgery. I earned this surgery! I stole this surgery!  Bailey ( genuinely confused ): What are you talking about, Yang?  Cristina: You. Punishing me. ( Bailey raises her eyebrows at her as if to say what are you on about ) You have no idea what I'm talking about do you? ( Bailey just looks at her ) Well then like who has been paging me all day? The nurses have been on me non-stop.  Debbie ( sitting at the computer at the nurse's station ): A little bit of respect and you could have saved yourself a very long day, Dr. Yang.  Bailey ( to Cristina smiling ): Pissing of the nurses? ... Stupid.  Cristina: Well, I can still scrub in right?  ( Cut to Addison and Richard standing in an empty gallery by themselves watching a surgery )  Addison: He wants me to move here Richard. To pick up everything and move!  Richard: Don't stay for him Addison. Stay for me. Stay for yourself.  Addison: Richard, I ...  Richard ( interrupts ): In Seattle you can be front page news. With your reputation and the money I'm willing to put in promoting you. Seattle Grace will become one of the foremost neonatal hospitals west of Manhattan.  ( Addison smiles shyly. She looks at Richard who just stares back )  Addison: You're serious? Richard: I'm ready to put my money where my mouth is.  ( Cut to Derek coming out a room into a hallway. He sees Meredith standing by herself at a nurse's desk a few feet away. He starts making towards her. All of sudden Bailey steps in front of him )  Bailey: Turn around. Walk away.  Derek: From what?  Bailey: From my intern.  Derek: But I wasn't ...  Bailey: Uh yeah, yes you were. Come on, look. You can't do this. You don't have the right. Not anymore.  Derek: I just wanna find out if she's okay.  Bailey: No she's not! She's a human traffic accident and everybody is slowing down to look at the wreckage. She's doing the best she can with what she has left. Look I know you can't see this because you're in it but you can't help her now. It'll only make it worse. Walk away. Leave her to mend.  ( Derek sighs but doesn't move. Dr. Bailey gets exasperated )  Bailey: Go on!  ( He nods slightly and walks off )  ( Cut to Alex wheeling Nicole down a hospital hallway )  Nicole: It's not like I don't want the operation. I do you know. I want things. It's just ... what if I'm not ready?  Alex: Ready for what?  Nicole: For everything. For taking care of myself. For being on my own. For s*x. For love. I've never had a boyfriend. I've never even been kissed. I'm like the oldest living prospective college freshman not to go to first base.  Alex: Nah.  Nicole: It's mortifying.  Alex: There are way older losers than you. Trust me.  ( Nicole stops the wheels of the wheelchair. Alex comes around to face her )  Nicole: Alex. Would you kiss me?  Alex ( chuckles ): Wh, What?  Nicole: I know you're a doctor, I'm your patient and, and it's against the rules but I would never tell anyone.  ( Alex looks down both sides of the hallways to see if anyone is looking. There is nobody else there. He bends down close to Nicole who closes her eyes expectantly )  Alex: For a kiss to be really good, you want it to mean something. You want it be with someone you can't get out of your head. So that when your lips finally touch, you feel it everywhere. ( Nicole opens her eyes ) A kiss so hot and so deep you never wanna come up for air. You can't cheat your first kiss, Nicole. Trust me, you don't want to. Cause when you find the right person to first kiss. ( He grins ) It's everything!  ( Nicole smiles broadly )  ( Cut to a waiting room where Mr. Griswold is sitting with his wife's bag. Dr. Burke & George are sitting across from him )  Mr. Griswold: Her heart  Burke: ...caught on fire? Yes. There will of course be an investigation but you should know this is not as unusual as it sounds. Your wife is going to be fine. She's well. Um we completed the operation and I expect that she will make a fully recovery.  Mr. Griswold: Oh.  ( He has his hands covering his face and half chuckles )  George: Mr. Griswold?  ( Mr. Griswold starts laughing hysterically briefly )  Mr. Griswold: So that's it, isn't it? Her heart caught on fire in the middle of her 5th open heart operation. And she survived!  ( He bursts out laughing again )  Mr. Griswold: Whoa. Well she's like some a, some mythical monster.  ( George looks concerned and stunned. Dr. Burke just kinda smiles at with Mr. Griswold )  Mr. Griswold: She's never gonna die.  Burke: Mr. Griswold? Mr. Griswold.  Mr. Griswold: Mmm Hmm.  Burke: I know this is an emotional time for you. Um if you would like to wait ...  Mr. Griswold ( interrupts ): Wait? No, no. ( He stands up ) I'm not waiting any longer. ( He thrusts Mrs. Griswold's bag into George's hands. He grabs his coat and starts to walk off ) You tell her, tell her ... hell, tell her ... she'll survive without me!  ( He starts laughing again and wanders to the elevator. He salutes George & Dr. Burke who just sit there )  ( Cut to Shane's room where there are quiet a gathering of people now. Everyone is laughing and taking photos. Izzie & Cristina are taking money from people. Some are poking Shane's belly. Meredith comes into the room angry )  Meredith ( yells ): What is going on in here? ( They all stop talking ) Everybody out! Out!  Raj: We already have ...  Meredith ( walks further into the room, interrupting ): Mr. Herman is a patient! ( People start leaving the room ) A surgical patient who's sick and embarrassed! ( Shane & Tina look grateful ) And tired of being stared at! ( to Cristina & Izzie ) You two! This isn't a zoo! Out! Out! Out! You know if all of you want to point and whisper and stare at me, knock yourselves out! Look at Meredith, isn't she sad and pathetic and heartbroken. Maybe she's gone mental, maybe I have! But leave Mr. Herman alone!  ( Almost everyone has left the room. She walks with Cristina & Izzie to the door )  Meredith ( to Cristina ): You should be ashamed of yourself! ( She closes the door behind her. Derek comes to an entrance outside the room and stares at Meredith. She notices ) And what are you looking at?  ( Cut to Dr. Burke and George still sitting in the waiting room where Mr. Griswold left them. George has a dumbfounded look on his face and is holding Mrs. Griswold's bag on his lap. Dr. Burke looks like he's pondering )  George ( dazed ): So, so do you tell his wife or should I?  ( Dr. Burke cracks up laughing. George chuckles with him )  Burke ( no longer laughing ): I wanna thank you for helping me out in the surgery today, O'Malley. It was a high-pressure situation today and you were on top of it.  George: Well thank you Dr. Burke. ( Dr. Burke nods ) And hey I'm sorry about before about you know ( he puts his hand on Dr. Burke's shoulder ) bringing up you and Cristina. ( Dr. Burke stops smiling and just stares at him. George trails off ) and just like ...  ( George sees his look and removes his hand. Dr. Burke stands up and starts walking away. George sighs and brings his head down to rest on Mrs. Griswold's bag as if to say I'm an idiot )  Burke: You're still my guy, O'Malley. ( George sits up quickly and nods but still looks slightly sick at himself ) Still my guy.  ( Seattle Scenes )  ( SGH, ELEVATOR )  ( Cut to Shane lying in a hospital bed prepped for surgery. Tina is holding his hand. There are other doctor's there including Meredith )  Shane ( to Tina ): I always thought I'd hold your hand in the delivery room.  Meredith: I'll let you know when the surgery is over, ok?  Tina: Ok. ( The elevator dings open. She speaks to Shane ): This is far as I go.  ( They start wheeling Shane down a hallway to an OR room )  Shane: Hey Dr. Grey, don't let them show it off. You know, put it in a jar, pass it around or nothing.  Meredith: Your teratoma?  Shane: Yeah. I just feel weird about having my insides on display like that. You promise?  Meredith: I promise.  ( Cut to Richard, Bailey, Cristina & Izzie are removing the teratoma from Shane's stomach. The gallery is crowded with people taking photos and watching. The song Get Through" by Mark Joseph plays from now until the end credits in the background )  MVO: At the end of the day there are some things you just can't help but talk about.  Bailey: You really want to be the one to dispose of this Grey?  Meredith: I made a promise.  ( Cut to Burke walking down a mezzanine hallway. Cristina is towards him )  Cristina: I am worried about my career. I'm worried about my reputation. I'm ...  ( She stops talking when Burke just keeps on walking past her. Burke slowly stops and walks back to her. They look at each other )  Cristina: I will not be Meredith Grey. I busted my ass to get here and people won't make allowances for me ...  Burke ( interrupts ): This is not about making allowances and you know that.  Cristina: Everyone will know.  Burke: That's the point.  Cristina ( stern ): I don't want to tell the Chief, okay? I just ... don't.  MVO: Some things we just don't want to hear.  ( Burke doesn't say anything and walks away from her )  MVO: And some things we say because we can't be silent any longer.  ( Cut to Alex wheeling Nicole back to her room where Derek and her parents are waiting )  Nicole: I'm getting the operation.  Mrs. Verma: She's clearly not considering ...  Mr. Verma ( interrupts ): She is considering.  Nicole: I'm getting the operation. You two talk and talk but do you notice how you never ask me anything? Part of it is my fault, I let you do it. But I'm not cheating anymore. I'm not sitting back and giving over control because I am ready to handle things for myself.  MVO: Some things are more than what you say. They're what you do.  ( Cut to Dr. Burke sitting in Richard's office, talking with him )  Richard: I appreciate your candor, Preston.  Burke: I can take whatever you threw at Shepherd. I don't need any special treatment here.  Richard: And your not gonna get any. You're not married. You're not hiding. You came to me. You clearly value your relationship.  Burke: Mmm hmm.  Richard: What you two have together. ( Cristina watches through a window from the outside ) I understand that, Preston. And it does matter.  MVO: Some things you say because there's no other choice.  ( Burke glances at Cristina. Richard turns around and looks at her. Cristina sighs and walks away looking mildly upset )  ( Cut to the therapist's office where Derek & Addison are sitting again with their therapist )  Addison: I've given it a lot of consideration and I've decided to move to Seattle.  Derek: And ah ... well Meredith won't be an issue anymore she's out of my life. It's well, it's taken care of.  Therapist: Well ah I must say this is ah remarkable progress. I applaud both of you. You've ah taken a very significant leap.  Addison: That's what marriage is about. Compromise, right?  ( She holds out her hand to Derek to take. He just looks at it )  Derek: Yeah it's uh ah, well it's about ah well give and take.  MVO: Some things you keep to yourself.  ( He puts out his hand to Addison who's already removed hers and then takes it back quickly )  ( Cut to Joe's bar. Joe is wiping some glasses. Izzie, Cristina & George are sitting at the bar. Izzie is counting cash from Shane's surgery. George is drinking a beer )  Joe: She yelled at you?  Izzie: Well, we probably deserved it. We sold 485 dollars worth of tickets to the surgery.  Cristina ( sly ): Yeah.  Izzie: Did you sell more?  Cristina ( pulls out a wad of cash from her back pocket ): Oh, yeah.  Izzie: You're out of control.  ( George & Joe chuckle. Meredith comes up to the bar and sits next to Izzie )  Meredith: Hey, Joe.  Joe: Hey.  ( They all keep quiet and just sip their drinks )  Meredith ( says as a statement ): So you guys really don't have anything else to talk about.  Izzie: No.  Cristina: No.  George: No.  ( Alex wanders through the door with a determined look on his face and walks right up to Izzie )  MVO: And not too often ... but every now and then ...  Izzie ( confused ): What?  ( Alex just stares at her )  Izzie: What?  MVO: ... some things simply speak for themselves.  ( Alex dips her backwards off the bar stool and kisses her passionately! They kiss for a bit. He pulls her back up )  Alex: Good night.  ( And he leaves through door again )  Izzie ( breathless ): Woo.  Cristina ( smiling ): Wow.  Izzie: Seriously.  ( She takes a large gulp of her wine. Meredith and Cristina start laughing. George holds his hand up in the air for a high five. Joe gives him one. Izzie whacks his hand away. They continue laughing ) 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 