Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x04 - A Matter of Time - Continuum 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x04 - A Matter of Time https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=375&t=19672 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 06/19/12 16:55 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x04 - A Matter of Time 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Narrator : Previously on Continuum... 
 Kiera : Edouard Kagame He's the leader of this cell and the most dangerous. He didn't make it through. We'll be okay without him. Kellog : With our knowledge of the future, we can operate here virtually unchallenged. I like it here. My suit is damaged. You may have led them right back to us! Kiera : Run! (SIGHS) I'm home. Greg : Kiera. We're in the kitchen. We? Are "we" celebrating something? You're looking at the new project leader on SadTech's latest and greatest. Promotion. Congratulations. Mmm, such good news. Thanks for the beer. Okay. I'll walk you out. Bye, Oscar. Kiera. Bye, Sam. (SAM CRYING) Oh, I missed you all day long. Yes, I did. Project leader? Now we can afford this new place. YOU still like it? We love it. Don't we? Oh, seriously? It's not just us. The whole city is dark. The terrorists again? I'm so sick of this. Don't stress. The last time they took out the reactor, it took them four hours to get it back up. Baby, relax, okay? The power will be back right away. Kiera : It's okay. It's just street punks taking advantage of the blackout. If they get into this building... They won't have time. Power will be back in 10 seconds. (CHUCKLES) Ten seconds? Trust me. Ten. Nine. Eight. Seven... Just watching you hurts me. Then don't watch me. Didn't they have makeup in 2077? Let's just say the future has changed some things for the better. How? A mascara wand with an electrostatic charge preset to release the perfect amount every time. Describe it to me. What... Oh, sh1t. The power's out. Mmm. Yup. Garbage truck backed into a pole around the corner from you. Of course it did. (CELL PHONE BUZZES) Cameron. Good morning, Kiera. You busy? No. Not really. Why? (SIGHS) I'm not sure. I got something here I think is right up your alley. Could be the work of your gang. I'll text you the address. Thank you. In all my years as a broker, I've never seen anything like this. Just lucky, I guess. Your timing has been spectacular. Well, maybe I'm from the future and know what's about to happen. (CHUCKLES) Yeah. Well, future or not, you, my friend, are now a very rich man. Here are the new companies I want you to invest in. Synthetic food production? Disaster insurance bonds? What are you expecting, the end of the world? Something like that. Lab Assistant found Professor Ames here at 0810. Nobody moved the body or touched anything. Single entry through the front, left of the mid-line. Oh, clean hole. Seventy-five millimeters in diameter. Through and through? Help me turn him over. Entry wound is the same as the exit, 75 millimeters. Give or take. Whatever went through him went through the damn floor. Let's go. What the hell penetrates a body, and then five stories of a building? (JACKHAMMER RUMBLING) Kiera : 2077. My time, my city, my family. When terrorists killed thousands of innocents, they were condemned to die. They had other plans. (EXPLOSION) A time-travel device sent us all back 65 years. I want to get home, but I can't be sure what I will return to if history is changed. Their plan, to corrupt and control the present in order to win the future. What they didn't plan on was me. Sadler : So you think the gang is involved? Kiera : Maybe. There was an unusual energy signature on the device that killed the professor. If I'd had my suit I could have captured a clearer optical pattern. You know I can fix whatever's wonky on your suit. I do know a little about electronics. They don't rewire these things like machines. They regenerate them like living tissue. Mitotic circuitry. Like electronic stem cells... Carbon nanotubes for structure. Millions of micro reefs. All right. Come on. (WINCES) (SIGHS) At least that's the theory. Whose theory? My father's. So far it's just a theory. Carlos : Have you seen my partner? There you are. I got Ames' grad student to come down to the precinct to answer a few questions. I'm going to head there now. Good idea. Shane. Thanks for coming in. You were one of how many assistants that were working for Professor Ames? Well, there were drones, undergrads. But at my level? I was it. Okay, so then you'd pretty much know everything there is to know about this contraption that the professor was working on. Everything except why it backfired. Backfired? Something must have gone wrong with Calisto. Sorry. That's the machine. Ames named her. Carlos : Why don't you tell us what this thing does? We were working on antimatter containment. You have to break that down for me because I don't really speak scientist. Okay, well, our world is made up of matter. There's also antimatter. And when you contain and harness antimatter, if that's even possible, you would have access to unlimited clean energy, provided that you could figure out how to sustain it beyond a few milliseconds. Yeah. We've had ours at seven to eight hours. What? Ladies. Can I help you? Yeah. There's a really creepy guy in the neighborhood who's been giving us trouble. Where is this creepy guy? What's the address here? (GRUNTING) (BLUES ROCK MUSIC PLAYING) It's clear. Ingram : I think we'll be right at home here. Spearheading a competitive new technology like this, you're bound to make a few enemies. Yeah. We had threats all the time. Threats? I mean, probably the machine just backfired. These threats, were they credible threats? Did you report them? Yeah. We logged them with the police. Especially this one group, um, "Stop Mad Scientists." They threatened to burn down our lab. The leader's name was Vincent. Can you think of anybody else? Well, I know the military was always offering to finance this project. But the professor wouldn't accept it. Although, I think towards the end he may have been buckling. Shane. How easy would it be to rig Calisto to backfire? Well, that person would have to be pretty advanced in the technology, but, yeah, I suppose someone could do it. Is there a way for us to access the professor's files on Calisto? Well, you can't, but I can. His files are on a back-up system that I designed... What the... No. No. Carlos : Problem? Um, the files are gone. Carlos : There must be another back-up. Shane : No, no. You don't understand. This was the back-up. This is the safest form of storage. Pretty good design you got there. It's just... Whoever could do this... Shane? Are you okay? Focus, Shane. Somebody must have hacked in. I know this may sound crazy, but whoever killed Ames, could they be after me next? Oh, he's hiding something. You think? What's your guess? Motive? Too early to tell. Oh, play along. You clearly have a theory and you clearly want to tell me. You first. Fine. You think he murdered Ames and covered up his crime. Based on what evidence? Based on listening to my gut. You should try it some time. I listen. No. You watch and you calculate. Which is a good tactic, but I think you should trust your instincts a little. (CLEARS THROAT) So, uh, what made you ask him if the research was stolen? Seemed like a good possibility so I went with it. Why? Put yourself in my position. You get a new partner who's got her nose buried into classified intelligence. I mean I don't know what you know or how you know it. Smart and secretive. Doesn't get any worse than that. (MONITOR BEEPING) (MUTTERS) Well, look at you. Wondered when you were gonna come around. (GRUNTING) Don't try to get up. Let me get the doctor. (GRUNTS) Yes. That's $10,000 on the Leafs to win. Yeah, I know it's a long shot. Wow! You like it? It's freakin' beautiful... Let's go try it on. Wait! You know my mom and I, we're really grateful for you helping to fix up the house and paying off the mortgage, but... You're, like, old enough to be my dad. It's not like that. Nothing like that at all. I told you. Your father looked out for me. He was kind of like an older brother. I know how hard you and your mom have had it since he died. I'm just paying it forward. Okay. Good. Okay. Let's go try on some dresses. Hey. Just do me one favor, okay? What's that? When you have a grandson one day, and you will, promise me you'll let him jump on the bed and eat lots of candy. Okay? Okay, I promise. Great. It's not like I wanted to hire a skywriter to write "I told you so" over Yaletown, but, yeah, I felt a little vindicated by Ames' accident. Now maybe people will finally wake up and see one more technological miracle on its way to being weaponized. So, is that what you think Ames was doing, Mr. Vincent, making weapons? You don't? I used to be in this field before I realized the lie they were trying to sell us. Clean energy? Bullshit! Clean genocide is more like it. The first green war. (CROWD APPLAUDS) Thank you. Look. The only people scarier than the scientists who invent this stuff are the people ready to cash in. And who might they be? Military, weapons manufacturers, contractors, freelancers, you name it. It's all about the violence. Carlos : But not for you. I mean, you did threaten Ames' life. No. I said we'd burn down his lab. Sounds like somebody saved me the trouble. But you just told us you were in that field. You could have programmed the machine to backfire. Look. You don't get it. Okay, we are a peaceful organization. We're trying to stop the people who are using technology as a weapon. It's not the science. It's the user whose motivations are suspect. Look. If you two want someone to pin this on, check out Melissa Dobeck, Ames' partner in crime. We weren't told of any partner. Well, former partner. She grew unhappy with the division of intellectual property and had a falling out. If anybody wanted him dead, it was her. Did you get that? Yeah. I got it. Searching connections. Melissa Dobeck and Martin Ames. His vitals are stable but his memory is gone. He doesn't seem to know where he is. Melissa Dobeck and Martin Ames' association goes back to 2007. Both were professors in the same university department before they left to form their own companies. So what are you thinking? I'm thinking there is more to their relationship than six proprietary patents, including one covering the production of thermal anti-neurons... Well, antimatter. Did anybody ever tell you you watched too much Star Trek as a kid? Martin and I pioneered nano materials for antimatter containment. Nuclear residue won't go away, but antimatter, it wants to disappear. So containment is everything. Okay. So you... You and Professor Ames, you found a way to contain it? The scale was very small. I wanted to take it slow. But Martin had a much more ambitious agenda. I thought it was reckless. When you left the university and your company split up, it looks like Ames held onto all the patents. Even in death he got the better of you. Do you want me to dance on his grave? I won't do that. Our differences were very public. I thought Martin's work would eventually kill someone. I just didn't know it would be him A suspicious person would say that there are only a handful of people knowledgeable enough to program this device to backfire on him. And that you'd be one of them. If you're suggesting that I was involved, that's completely false. I don't think anybody was accusing you. Actually, I was. Someone took critical research files from the professor's laboratory. I didn't take them. And the worst I ever did to Martin was wish him dead. That's not a crime, is it? Not yet. (CELL PHONE RINGING) Fonnegra. Yeah. Okay. We have to get back to the precinct. Dillon wants to see me. We'll be in touch, Ms. Dobeck. Inspector, you wanted to see me? Yes, thank you. Detective Fonnegra, this is Lieutenant General Rogers with the Judge Advocate General's Office. Is there something I can do for the Department of Defense? You can cease the investigation into the Martin Ames matter, and turn whatever you have over to my office. We'll take it from here. With due respect, sir, I have leads that are gonna go cold if I just walk away right now. We're not being given a choice. I admire your sense of duty, but we consider the death of Professor Ames and the theft of his work to be a matter of national security. You are to hand over your case files to the General and his team. Is that clear? Yeah, it's clear. (THUNDER RUMBLING) Well, what do you think? At this price, it's a steal. Hmm. It's very nice. It's very, very nice. Yeah. I'll take it. Why aren't you talking to me? You think I had something to do with this case being taken away from you. Your business is secrecy, right? Cover-ups, plausible deniability. I bet you even know that General in there. Am I right? I'm not the enemy, Carlos. And if the government wants to take charge of this investigation, then I'm sure they have a very good reason. Oh? That wouldn't bother you? Why would it? Because they took my case, Kiera. You take this personally. And you don't? Look. Maybe we can find another angle on this. Find another way to fight our way back in somehow. Ames' grad student, Shane Mathers, we need to talk to him again. General tight-ass over here closed that door. We need to find a new lead. Mathers said that the military was interested in funding Ames' project and Ames said no. Maybe there was other interest. Like your gang? You think you could buy me some time to get Section 6 working on this? Oh, I'm sure I could probably work that out for you. I mean, it's going to take me until at least tomorrow morning until I can turn all this over to the military. Thank you. 
 
 (PIANO POP MUSIC PLAYING) Mr. Mathers. Look, I told you everything I know. Did anyone aside from the military express interest in Ames' research? Not that I know of. Can I go now? Please? (MOBILE PHONE BUZZING) I  gotta go. Sadler : Boy, Mr. Paranoid or what? Think he's hiding something? Kiera : Alec... I was kid... Never mind. I need to know who sent that text. Approximate time received, 10:23. Checking... Melissa Dobeck texted Shane Mathers while we were interrogating him. I'm guessing you didn't get a court order for a phone records search? I didn't have to. While I was speaking with him today, she texted him a second time. And I saw her name come up on his phone. YOU did? No, but if you knew how I really found out you'd be upset. Why would the victim's assistant be getting a text from a bitter rival on the morning after the murder? Guys! I had an RSS out for anyone in a red jumpsuit just like our gang This just started airing on TV. Hospital officials are asking for your help in locating this man, who wandered away from St. Paul's Hospital this afternoon. The unidentified patient was found disoriented this morning... That's Edouard Kagame. The leader of the gang? Its heart and soul. He's the one behind all their activity. We need to stop this broadcast. It's already been in rotation, like 40 minutes. Then it's only a matter of time before the killing begins in earnest. Unless we find him first. (PUNK ROCK PLAYING) You know, it's not so bad. There's lots of space, a nice TV. And hydroponics in the basement... TV reporter : Hospital officials are asking your help in locating this man, who wandered away from St. Paul's Hospital this afternoon. Oh, my God. Kagame... He made it. How will we find him? The rally point. Kagame set one in case we became separated. If I'm right, that's where he'll head. He didn't just disappear. I'm monitoring RSS. Patrol cars are running a street sweep, spiraling outward from St. Paul's. Alec? I've got feeds in all the CTV cameras, ATM and security cameras. There's no sign of Kagame so far. Keep looking. Oh, they will. I also have another piece of news that you may or may not want to hear. Problem? Help yourself. Wow. Kiera taking a note. I'm impressed. No. Melissa Dobeck. How close are we to Melissa Dobeck's office? Not far, why? This is bordering on harassment, Detectives. I told the military investigators I have no idea what happened to Martin's work. Anything else you want to know, you can ask my lawyer. Like, for example, why you failed to disclose your legal challenge to your ex-partner's patents? Or should we ask you about that? He may not know since you withdrew the claim and had the record sealed as a condition of your settlement. Not that it's any of your business, but I didn't see the point. I withdrew that challenge on advice of my then-attorneys. So you just shrugged and let it go? I find that hard to believe. Oh, believe what you want. Why did you text Shane Mathers yesterday just hours after the body was found? I expressed my sympathies, my shock. I don't remember the exact words. And then again this morning. Were you synchronizing your stories? We're done. Failing to mention your involvement with Professor Ames closest assistant is a pretty serious omission of fact. Is that what he told you? No. Actually, that's what you just told us. How long have you been sleeping with him? Shane and I had a fling. I'm not proud of it, but it's over. I'm engaged. That's awkward. Mmm. Carlos : Does he know that he's odd man out? Did you ask him that? I thought not. Goodbye, Detectives. Don't come back without a warrant. Kagame : You say you're free. You point to your Constitution, your bill of rights. What rights? You were born into crushing debt, to parents without hope. And your only right is to work for the corporation until you pay it off. Except that can never happen, because everything you need, they provide. Your shelter, your food, your water, and it all sends you deeper into the abyss of slavery. But all that can change, my friends. We have the power to free ourselves. To take back what we've lost, our independence, our dignity, our very souls, to take back our liberty. Liberate yourselves, my brothers and sisters. Liber8. Liber8. Liber8. All : (CHANTING) Liber8. Liber8. Liber8. Liber8. (THUDDING) Police on speakers : This is an illegal assembly. You are in violation of the penal code Section 12318. Remain calm. This is a place of refuge. This is an illegal assembly. You are in violation of the penal code Section 12318. No! We have the right to be here, this is a peaceful assembly! (BOY SCREAMING) I will not go. (GROANING) Boy : Daddy! Daddy! (ELEVATOR BELL DINGS) Hey. Any word on Kagame? Still monitoring. Everyone's on alert. Dillon wants to see you. Patent infringement? It has only recently come to my attention that there may have been a prior theft of intellectual property that is unrelated to the murder of Professor Ames. Unrelated? Mm-hmm. I see. Well, then, if in fact your totally unrelated investigation happens to lead you to Professor Ames' murderer, I want to be the first to know. Because I'm going to enjoy calling that dumb-ass from National Defense to tell him we just solved his case. I took the liberty of having the unit pick up Mathers. They're en route. How long were you involved with Melissa Dobeck? Is that why I'm here? Are you accusing me of dating my former boss? We know she texted you hours after Ames' death. (STUTTERS) Mm-mmm. All right, look, I just... I didn't want to implicate her for no reason. What about that text would have implicated her? Did you kill Professor Ames? What? No. The device killed him. He brought this on himself. He was pushing a new technology too aggressively. I understand. It wasn't just himself he was putting at risk. No. I came very close to quitting several times. It got to the point where I couldn't sleep, thinking about what we might be unleashing. You were creating something powerful, something you didn't fully understand. But Melissa did. Melissa had nothing to do with this! To do with what, Shane? The plot to kill Ames? She's a good person. And Martin couldn't hold a candle to her as a scientist. But he took all the patents, he took all the credit. If you really cared about her, you would have done something. You'd help her get justice. No. Carlos : It would've been easy for you to sabotage Calisto. You knew the experiment, you helped design it. Did you know Melissa was engaged? You didn't, did you? Oh, she played you the whole time. Did you hand the files over to her? I don't know what you're talking about. I'm talking about charging you with conspiring to kill Martin Ames. I didn't conspire with anyone! But you admit to killing him. We have all your communications. The truth will come out. You are both going down. No... Look, I acted alone. Carlos : Shane, come on. You don't have to fall on your lightsaber for her. She's behind this. We both know that. No. You're wrong about her. You wanted a confession and you got one, but I acted alone. What did you do with the research? I deleted it so no one could ever use it again. Why is he protecting her? I don't know. I've seen guys do a lot of crazy things for love. There has to be a way to get to her without his testimony. Kiera, we've bent the rules to breaking. We have to let the military take it from here. Sadler : Kiera. I found him. Phone call, sorry. Repeat? Kagame. On a cloud-based photo back-up from a tourist. He's at Sun Yat-Sen Gardens. We've got a confirmed sighting of your Edouard Kagame. The Buddhist Temple at the Sun Yat-Sen Gardens. That's five minutes from here. Call us back-up. You take the west entrance, I'll take the east. And we'll meet up in the temple in the middle. Right. Carlos, you've got company moving towards your position. Back-up's on the way. Let's get to Kagame first. You're under arrest! For what? For what you're going to do. How do you know what I'm going to do? Given your past history and your indiscretions, play God, change history. (WOMAN SCREAMS) I've spent my entire life making decisions that could affect millions. That's what I do. (BABY CRYING) Release him and I'll spare the child's life. We both get what we want before the bloodshed. I'm glad to see you, Travis. (BABY CRYING) (SIREN WAILING) I guess we get to shoot our way out after all. Another time. Count on it. Travis : Let's move. (BABY CRYING) Thank you. Kiera! What the hell happened? Where is Kagame? He was here. We were too late. We had them. So what do we do? We let them add to their numbers. By all accounts, you avoided a public bloodbath. That's something. Sadler : Kiera. Excuse me. What is it, Alec? I checked the surveillance footage at the temple, like you asked. There's no images of you and Kagame having your little tete-a-tete. Thank you. I also thought you should know, Melissa Dobeck just booked herself on a flight to Costa Rica. That case is over, Alec. Professor Ames' murder was solved with the arrest of Shane Mathers. We don't have the evidence to charge her. Yeah. Until now. Would it interest you to know there's actually a second back-up of Ames' research after all? Mathers thought he had the only one. Guess who has the other? Announcer on pa : Final boarding call for Air South America, Flight 155 to Costa Rica. Dr. Dobeck. Off on a getaway, so to speak? Long-standing travel plans. Well, I'm afraid they're going to have to change. I don't understand. Your sometime-boyfriend, Shane Mathers? He's just been arrested in the conspiracy to kill Martin Ames. He admitted rigging Calisto to backfire. Whatever Shane may have done, I had nothing to do with it. That's exactly what he said. Until he found out that you were, how should I put this, otherwise engaged. If he misconstrued my rants about how dangerous Ames' experiments were, I can't help that. So you deny any involvement in the conspiracy? Absolutely. You just slept with your rival's assistant because he was devastatingly attractive? Here is that warrant you requested. Just tell me, did you want Ames dead because he was selling it to the military, or because you wanted the research for yourself? It's all there. Please do not turn that data over to the military. You know what they'll do with it. And it won't be about renewable energy. Melissa! Hey. I'm so sorry I'm late. There was a stall on the bridge, and my phone is dead. Who's this? Uh, Drew, my fiancé. Announcer on pa : Passengers Melissa Dobeck and Drew Laroche report to Gate 34 for immediate boarding. Doors are closing on Air South America Flight 155 to Costa Rica. You're gonna be Melissa Laroche. Sweetheart, this isn't going to be easy to explain. Can we have a moment? Wait. You're going to need this. MELISSA; Thank you. Greg : Six, five, four, three,  two, one... (WHISPERS) Dad's crazy. Security grid's up. How did you do that? Promotion, remember? SadTech's latest rollout in partnership with Laroche Energy. Thousands of redundant mini fusion reactors linked in a network. No more centralized reactors means no more easy targets for the terrorists. They will just find something else to target. Another part of the infrastructure. No. They're scrambling. A bunch of revolutionary malcontents that think an insurgency will change everything. They're on the run. If you really want to do something about them, you should join the CPS. They're recruiting. With your military service you'd be a lock for Protector. Well, I have always wanted to. I'm ready when you are. I know. But let's be honest, it's gonna take more than a few blackouts to tear me away from my most important job. The fact that you were slightly further from the device when it went off may have accounted for your different arrival time. Makes you wonder who else might be coming through? Sonya : Or who already has. It doesn't matter. What matters is we've all been given the most precious gift life offers. A second chance. Who has been in charge in my absence? I have. You've lost soldiers. We've become more vigilant. We'll have to be. There's a war coming. How can you be so sure? Because we're going to start it. No, no, no, no! It's okay. It's me. It's Alec. Alec? The guy in your head. Did you really think breaking into my apartment was the best way to introduce yourself? I'm sorry. I just got tired of waiting. I found your suit. So, you were going through my things? It's way ahead of anything that I've imagined. It's even better when it works. Well, I was going through my dad's notes. There may be a way to trigger the self-repair mechanism. Look. I told you I didn't want you to get involved. Well, I guess I'm like you. A little stubborn. How long will you need it for? It's not like dry cleaning. Do you have dry cleaning in the future? Clean water's at a premium, so all cleaning is dry cleaning. Pulse vibration. Eight seconds, 30 credits. This'll take longer. I noticed today, you turned off your HUD a couple of times. I don't get it. I was curious. Yeah. But doesn't that make your job harder? Your tech can tell you so much more. Alec, I have to confront the possibility that if my suit can't be repaired, I have to do my job without it. I thought maybe you were trusting your gut instead of your tech. Like Carlos? I was. Felt good. Why did you let that woman go? I had no choice. But you knew Ames' assistant wasn't acting alone. That's not the point. Then what is the point? Every student in the union learns about Melissa Laroche in school. She solved the global energy crisis with her development of clean fusion. She's going to do great things with Ames' research. Important things. So important she gets away with murder? I'm not happy about it. But if I make the wrong decision, millions could be affected. So if these scientists are playing God, in a way, so are you. That's messed up. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 