Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x09 - Seconds - Continuum 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x09 - Seconds https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=375&t=19687 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 07/09/13 04:47 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x09 - Seconds 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Kiera :  Previously on  Continuum... 
 This court finds Julian Randol to have been acting in self-defense. 
 I find Mr. Randol not guilty. That is all. 
 (GAVEL BANGING) 
 I believe in Theseus, and I'm not the only one. 
 Some are calling you a hero for killing those bastards. 
 He's waiting for you. He's got some interesting ideas. 
 There are agendas everywhere. 
 What's yours? 
 If you have to ask, you're not ready for the answer. 
 Kiera :  Many years before I was born was a time of unrest and suffering. 
 Public government collapsed. 
 In the years that followed, everyone had to pull together and do their share to build a better society. 
 People worked at New Pemberton and other factory cities throughout the union, to create a better future, but that was destroyed by one man and the zealots who followed him. 22501. (WOMAN CRYING OUT) 22501! (WOMAN SHUDDERING) 22501, you have been found by the corporate court guilty of civic debt default. This is your third infraction, therefore, in accordance with Statute 11, your citizenship is voided. I hereby sentence you to a mandatory life sentence. No, no, please! I can repay my debts if you'll just give me a chance! Progress cannot be made if we don't all do our share. No! (WHIMPERING) Welcome to New Pemberton. Take her to the shop floor, workstation 213. Man : (OVER P.A.)  2215, proceed to station four. Sequencing process finishing. 3217 is now operational. Workstation 5167, increase workload to capacity. Kiera :  2077. My time, my city, my family. When terrorists killed thousands of innocents, they were condemned to die. They had other plans. A time-travel device sent us all back 65 years. I want to get home, but I can't be sure what I will return to if history is changed. Their plan, to corrupt and control the present in order to win the future. What they didn't plan on was me. (SCOFFS) Murdering that judge ensured we'd never get the evidence to overturn the verdict. This is why the legal system is automated in the future. No human frailty to corrupt the process. Well, at this exact moment, that doesn't sound so bad. Hello, Nora. This is from the new chief. You should read it. I don't have to. Nothing personal. (CHUCKLING) It's politics, Dillon. Of course it's personal. I always knew there was a glass ceiling. I just didn't realize I would be cutting my own throat breaking through it. I was sick of the view up here, anyhow. Kiera. Carlos. This should be interesting. Protecting the public is a complex task. We've always been hindered by finances and politics. It's the nature of the beast. Fortunately for us, people like Mr. Escher want to ensure that we are never again strong-armed by terrorists and organized crime. Escher is going to privately fund this department? Piron is making a substantial investment in creating a safe and secure future for the city and its citizens. A place that we can be proud of in the years to come. Escher said you would relate to that. Who the hell is Escher? (CLEARING THROAT) (BUZZING) I'll be running this squad under a separate mandate, a separate budget, and a new set of rules. It's time for the gloves to come off. Finally! We are done waiting for Liber8 to give us an opportunity to trip them up. From now on, we take the fight to them. Starting here. Julian Randol. That trial was a damned joke. (MURMURS OF AGREEMENT) Dillon : I agree. So while we wait around for justice to take another pass, I want him watched 24/7. He's in so deep with Liber8, I have no doubt he will lead us back to their leadership sooner or later. Fonnegra, Cameron. Young Mr. Randol is getting out of lockup as we speak. See if any of his buddies show up to claim him. Rosicki, Martinez, my office. That's it, folks. Get to work. (CAMERAS FLASHING) I really don't think I can handle this. You know what? Don't worry, it's going to be okay. (BUZZING) (REPORTERS CLAMORING) Dillon's right. This is the last freedom he's ever going to see. This is a great day for justice. Now that my son's innocence has been established, the truth about the corruption in this city can come to light. Now, we just want to go home. (GUNSHOT) (GUNSHOT) You killed my daughter! (GUNSHOTS) (GRUNTING) Carlos : Get down! Was there any other shooters? No, we're clear. You're in danger. You've gotta go. Now! On your back! Call an ambulance! Julian! Julian! Julian! Here! Come on! (TIRES SQUEALING) Who are you? I'm Rebecca, and I follow Theseus. (INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS) (CHATTERING STOPS) Welcome home, Theseus. What's all this about? Everyone here wants the same thing as you. To spread your message of a better future. While you were in prison, your words, your message, found us. This is just something I scribbled together, okay? Random thoughts, feelings, that's all. And we share them. The anger, the frustration, the vision. Listen, I only speak for myself, okay? You should, too. We're not the only ones who believe. No. Not interested. Don't you want to hear what I have to say? I know exactly what you have to say. Am I a prisoner? You're free to go at any time. But I believe Rebecca and these people have something you need. An army of your own. People are willing to fight and die for you, and for what you stand for. (MURMURS OF AGREEMENT) If you really read that, then you would know I can't have anything to do with Travis. Neither should you. Neither should any of you. Julian, wait! Don't worry, he can't resist who he is. He'll be back. So, no luck on the vehicle that picked up Julian Randol, but we're checking traffic cams as well. Could be Liber8 already has him. Maybe. Am I missing something? I'm not sure what we're doing here, I mean, Julian's a free man. Just because the judge signed his release, doesn't absolve what's in his heart. He is a ticking time bomb. We have to be one step ahead of him. If you were alone and scared, who would you reach out to? Kiera, it's not a good time. Kiera :  I know. How's your mom? I don't know yet. Do you want me to come down? Thanks, but I don't know what's going on yet. Alec, I'm... I'm sorry, but I have to ask. Has Julian contacted you? I'm the last person he'd want to talk to. I testified against him, remember? I'll call you later. Yeah, later. I'm so glad you came. Yeah, well your note said you had some answers for me, so... Do you believe in destiny? I don't know what I believe in. You are going to be a very powerful man. Really? Horoscope tell you that? This isn't mysticism or superstition. These are facts. You know, jail was good for one thing. It made me realize Kagame used me. That's true. But he was preparing you. I know this sounds far-fetched, but years from now, tens of thousands will hang on every word you speak. Your ideas will ignite a great movement. Sounds like the part where you ask me to drive a truck somewhere. Julian, please stay. Everything that's... You do not know me, okay? But I do. Better than you realize. I know your potential. I'm not here to be recruited. This isn't about you joining anyone. This is about you leading everyone! We got something! This just went viral, media's picking it up as well. Claims to be some new doctrine, more anti-corporate "future is now" stuff, all the hallmarks of Liber8. Theseus. That's rich. What? Theseus, I feel like I should know that. Theseus united the people of ancient Greek mythology. He rallied against their system, one he thought was archaic and corrupt. Dillon : Look who they're calling Theseus now. Julian is Theseus. Are you okay? "When darkness falls and fear sets in," "he'll be the one the nightmares bring." "With blackest soul and coldest core," "he'll paint a 'T' across your door." I don't remember that one. That was our nursery rhyme growing up. Theseus was the monster under every child's bed. Sounds grim. He killed tens of thousands, created an army, launched attacks against cities and towns, destroyed anyone who didn't agree with his radical vision. He inspired Liber8. And Julian is Theseus? That's kinda hard to reconcile. Every monster starts off as someone's baby. You've come back to us. That's appropriate. Kagame always said it would come down to you. That's absurd. Now here you are. The man who will spark the revolution! Look, Kagame used me. That was the extent of our relationship. You were comrades. Without your vision, there would be no Liber8. Well, it seems to me that Sonya's got that covered. (SCOFFS) Sonya. Do you want to know why Sonya thinks she sees your destiny? Sonya believes that she traveled here from the future. How can you trust someone like that? And you're the alternative? Not me, no. But be careful. She will pin her name on your manifesto. She wants the world to believe that she is their savior. And if she has to kill you to do it... You're lying. It's supposed to be you. It always has. Yes. Yes, of course. Right away. Kagame wants you to go. Anything? Well, I'm linked into the city's cameras using the RCMP's face recognition program. Problem is, it's really, really slow. One camera located Julian, but by the time the software was able to ID him and report it, an hour had passed. Too late. Stay on it. We might get lucky. (CELL PHONE VIBRATING) Hello? I need help. Julian, where are you? Look, will you meet me or not? Great, thanks for your help. All right, that was a reporter friend of mine, she said the manifesto came from a proxy server. Hello? What if you could save tens of thousands of people? Yeah, who wouldn't want to do that? Even if it meant killing one person? I know this game. If you could go back in time and kill Hitler? What's your answer? I would kill Hitler. But what he did happened. Hitler killed millions. What Theseus did is a matter of record in my time. Kiera. You said it yourself. Certain events in history have already been altered. Now, what if Julian's future is one of those things? And what if the victims were people you cared about? Yeah, but how do you know that for sure? It's usually the victors who write history. Because it happened to me. People that were close to my parents were killed at the massacre in New Pemberton. I'm sorry. I can't believe I'm actually defending that little sh1t bird who shot me, but right now, Julian is a scared kid. Fear is a powerful motivator. Kiera, let's do our part and find Julian, okay? Arc. Alec can find him using Arc. Kiera? Kier... Alec? Where are you? Hey. You okay? Apart from being shot at, hunted and generally despised, yeah, I'm great. How's Mom, though? Recovering. She took a bullet for me. Yeah, I guess she thinks you're worth saving. Do you? Cameron! Any news? You planning on hunting down Julian Randol on your own? Are you thinking about hunting down Julian Randol on your own? You wanna face him alone? It's not that straightforward. Look, I understand the feeling, Cameron. I do. He helped Kagame murder hundreds of innocent people. But if you actually think this is a viable option, I have no choice but to confine you to desk duty until this is resolved. That won't be necessary. Detective, could you give us a second please? (DOOR OPENING, CLOSING) We're on the same side, Kiera. There is a plan in motion for Julian Randol. He's going to tell Rosicki and Martinez everything we wanna know. Understood? You're sure? We're gonna get all the information we need about Liber8. Trust me. It's gonna go our way. Got him! What are you gonna do? Honestly, it seems like everyone's thought of a next step for me except for myself. Maybe it's time you did. What kind of life do you want for yourself? How about making my own choices without someone telling me who I'm supposed to be? I'm really just trying to find my path, you know? What're you doing? Keeping you out of trouble. It's what brothers do. Agent Cameron? No luck finding Julian, huh? Did Betty feed you the intel? What're you talking about? Dillon told me. You're going to get Julian to talk, any means necessary, seems like you could use my help. This is the right thing to do. He's not some innocent kid. The things he's capable of could hurt a lot of people, and I want to prevent that from happening. Are you prepared to do what needs to be done? Of course I am. Don't you feel like this is all one big game? We're just pieces being moved around somebody else's board. Or balls, in this case. Just a better analogy. We all have options. Well, it's easy for you, boy genius. You could have gone to jail for a really long time, but instead, you're here. Free. It's a second chance, Julian. Don't let it go to waste. See, no matter what I do, some people will always think of me as a terrorist. That won't change. 
 
 (PHONE VIBRATING) No. No way. Okay, Alec, I need to know I can trust you. You can. You can even trust me to get some more quarters for the next game. She thinks I have Asperger's? Well, she didn't come right out and say it but... Let's just say she has some books in her bedside table. Maybe she thinks you do. Definitely you, come on! What are you doing looking in her bedside table, anyways? She loves you, man. Well, yeah, but I disappointed her. Alec. You did what you had to do, what you thought was right. I just wish Mom hadn't got caught in the middle of all this. She doesn't blame you, it's me she's disappointed with. Let's fix that, huh? You're the one who believes we can change our realities, right? Reality, sure. Mom reality? Come on. Betty, I know you. What's up? Dillon's playing his cards so close, even I can't read them. Honestly, Carlos, I'm the wrong person to ask. Okay. If that changes... You'll be the first to know. (CLEARING THROAT) No more apologies, okay? We've all done and said things that we regret. It's in the past. We are gonna make a fresh start, right now. Julian : I don't know how easy that's gonna be. There are plenty of people like the man that shot you. They won't let us turn that page. Ann : Not alone, no. But, as a family, the three of us, we can face anything. I'm so glad that you boys found a way to reconnect. You could learn a lot from each other. So we're cool, right? Yeah. So what happens now? No clue. Everyone seems to think I have a destiny to fulfill, but I mean honestly, I don't even know if it's something that I want. Yeah, I know that routine. You do? Forget it. Nobody can tell us who we are, Julian. We create our own future, that's the only destiny that there is. Thanks, man. Yeah. Wait, Kiera! You don't have to do this! Not so fast. You said you weren't going to say anything! I didn't, I swear! Kiera! Alec! Stop them! Alec. All that talk about changing who we are? You haven't changed one bit. Hey, Kiera. It's Carlos. Remember me? Your partner? Where the hell are you? Call me back. What's the plan? New mandate, right? We do what we have to. It's time to get to the truth. Kiera's gone rogue, and Martinez and Rosicki are nowhere to be found. I don't know anything. Betty, that is bullshit! Come on, you're lying to me! Something's going on. I'm not able to say. Aren't we supposed to be working together, right? As a team? Come on, why are you keeping me in the dark? Because I told her to. I'm just gonna... I wasn't sure you were ready to do what had to be done. What'd you tell Martinez and Rosicki? To capture Julian Randol, get him to confess to what he did, and lead us to the location of his Liber8 friends by any means necessary. What? That's how we're doing things now? It's what's required. Inspector, that's bullshit and you know it! Detective! What? You think I like the idea of leveraging a kid? He is part of the cancer that is killing this city and when you have cancer, you cut it out. How many Liber8 cells are there? And what are they planning next? I don't know anything, I told you. (GRUNTING) One last chance. Where is he? My friend here, he don't care how much pain you're in. He's not going to let up until you tell him. So, for your own good, where is Travis Verta? I don't know anything, okay? I already told you. He's lying. You know what? Let's get him up. No, please! Stop! I'm not who you think I am! Please! I'm not that guy! Rosicki : That's it. Are you enjoying yourself yet? Huh? Kiera, what the hell are you doing? Julian : I'm not lying! Please! (SCREAMING) You don't understand. I know what torture looks like! He's being questioned. Sadler : Is that what they call it in the future? He was found not guilty, Kiera, whether you believe in the verdict or not you can't do that to him. You don't understand. I know who he becomes. Yeah, in the future you left, but things are changing as we speak! Not this part. When I got the message from my older self,  you told me that I have the power to shape my future. If you really think that I have the power to change, so why can't he? Because I can see the good in you. You just gotta give yourself a chance with him. I can't. You're doing exactly what Garza did to me, you're not like that! And he's not like you! You don't know that! But I do. (JULIAN SCREAMING) Kiera? Damn it! (PHONE RINGING) Fonnegra. Hey, Carlos? it's Alec. Look, something's wrong, I need to talk to Kiera but she's cut off communication. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Alec. I thought she couldn't do that? Not for long, but it's going to take some time to override her lock-out. Is she with Julian? Yes, and two other cops. They're torturing him, Carlos! I think she's gonna kill him! Where is she? Get up. Julian : No. (SHUDDERING) Get up! Listen, if you just let me go, I'll disappear, I promise, you'll never have to see or hear from me again! Don't talk. I'm not what you think... I said don't talk! Cameron... He's a mass murderer! You don't understand, I wasn't the one who blew anything... You were ready to! Kiera : You drove a truck full of explosives into that building. Your motives were clear. Who you are and what you will become is clear. You wanted to martyr yourself for a terrorist movement? I think it's time you achieved your goal. Please listen to me for a second. I will do anything for you. I can't let you do that. It's that simple. It has to be that simple. Julian! Kiera : Julian! (KIERA SCREAMING) (BOTH GRUNTING) Okay, listen to me, you don't have to do this! I'm not gonna be whatever it is you say, okay? I'll be something different! I promise! People can change, I can change! You are too dangerous. Do not make a mistake you are going to regret for the rest of your life. The mistake would be letting unborn millions suffer and die at your hands! Kiera! Kiera, don't! Walk away, Carlos! I can't do that. Kiera : You were there the day that building came down. That was nothing compared to what is to come. Every child in my time hears about the slaughter at New Pemberton. What are you talking about? Kagame must have laughed out loud when he filled you in on your future as a mass murderer. My future? How could anybody know what I'm gonna do? I know Kagame told you! Told me what? None of this is making sense, okay? Stop trying to hide your agenda, because I know what it is. Your future is part of my history! My future? What kind of future is that, huh? Kiera, he doesn't know, okay? He doesn't know! That doesn't change anything. Carlos : I know the pain that you're feeling. The sad truth is that if we spill blood because of hate, then we're no better than them! Our principles are the only line between order and chaos. You can't go there, Kiera, because if you do then there is no coming back. Please, just put the gun down, okay? Please. I'm sorry, I swear. But I'm not going to do these horrible things that you say I am gonna do, so please, please just don't kill me, okay, please! I beg of you, please! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! (SOBBING) So I guess I have you to thank for my life, huh? Yeah, don't think the irony is lost on me. Do you believe people can change? Yeah. Yeah, of course they can. I mean, I have. Are you sure? It's kinda hard not to have an epiphany when someone's pointing a gun at your head. Yeah. Well, that's the right answer. (CARLOS SIGHING) Here's your corner. Listen, what she said about the future, about what I'd become... Don't question a lucky break, Julian. Just change your path. And I mean really change your path. 'Cause the next time Kiera points a gun at your head I won't stand in her way. Okay. And I didn't betray him. I know, I'm sorry. Well, I'm sure you'll be able to make him feel better. It's not his fault that he needs me more than you do right now. I don't know if that's true. You have your father's strength. You always did. You're gonna be fine, honey. I see that now. I'm glad you're back, Theseus. Where's Travis? You told me you didn't want him to be a part of this. I asked him to leave. And he did? Your orders have weight, Theseus. You say these people are my followers. Gather them. I have something to say. You have no idea how badly I wanted him dead. Yeah, well you made the right choice. I hope so. Because if I failed... No, Kiera, you didn't, okay? Look. To new beginnings. To new beginnings. (SIGHING) Oh, my God. What's the matter? What if this is it? My pointing a gun at his head. . . This whole experience... What if that's what does it? What if I'm the one that creates the monster? 2319, you have been found by the corporate court guilty of civic debt default. This is your third infraction, therefore, in accordance with Statute 11, your citizenship is voided. I hereby sentence you to a mandatory... (GUNSHOTS) Okay! It's all right, my men will show you someplace safe. Go, go. This way. Theseus! All guards have been neutralized. Orders? Set charges to destroy this facility. But first, shut off the control chips to the workers on the factory floor. Sir? All those people will be killed... They're not people, not anymore. The corporations have seen to that. The chips in their heads as well as the chips that they are making in this factory is simply the beginning, Hector. Compliant factory workers today, you and I and our children tomorrow. We don't have to do this. My brother, it is already done. All over the union, right at this moment, at this hour, factory cities are being liberated. You've killed tens of thousands. Their sacrifice will save millions. Do it. Woman : (OVER P.A.)  2215, proceed to station four. Sequencing process finishing. (CONSOLE BEEPING) 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 