Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x05 - Second Opinion - Continuum 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x05 - Second Opinion https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=375&t=19683 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/28/13 15:06 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x05 - Second Opinion 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Kiera :  Previously on  Continuum... 
 Alec and I are in the process of forging a business alliance. 
 You can't game someone's life like this. 
 Jason's a little skittish... 
 Man :  Is that him? 
 You are connected to these terrorists. 
 Until you get truthful with me, we're going to be spending a lot of time together. 
 Woman :  Carlos radioed in, they were ambushed. 
 How the hell did Liber8 get wind of this? 
 Do you think we have someone inside feeding intel to Liber8? 
 Well, I wouldn't rule it out. 
 (CHILDREN TALKING INDISTINCTLY) 
 Have you seen Sam? 
 What're you doing out here, Sam? 
 Your birthday party is inside. 
 I wish he was here. 
 I know you do, he wishes he was here too. 
 Sometimes Dad just has to work late. 
 Is Daddy mad at me? 
 Oh, sweetheart, no. 
 Why would he be mad at you? 
 He wanted to be here, he just couldn't make it back in time. 
 The good news is you get to see him tomorrow. 
 We do this all over again, and it'll be like having two birthdays. 
 (SIGHING) 
 What about an early birthday gift? 
 This one's from Dad. 
 It's wrapped so well. 
 If you're not gonna open it, you know, I'm pretty curious... 
 So, I might have to just peek in there myself. 
 Wow, cool! 
 Can I go play for a bit? 
 I'll call you when it's time for cake. 
 Look at what I got! 
 Boy : Oh, what is it? 
 The Colonials versus the Rebels. 
 Battle of Georgia Strait! 
 Boy : Oh, great, that's awesome! 
 Oh, look what we have! 
 Kiera :  2077. 
 My time, my city, my family. 
 When terrorists killed thousands of innocents, they were condemned to die. 
 They had other plans. 
 A time-travel device sent us all back 65 years. 
 I want to get home, but I can't be sure what I will return to if history is changed. 
 Their plan, to corrupt and control the present in order to win the future. 
 What they didn't plan on was me. Kiera : Where are you, Mr. Escher? (SIGHS) (PHONE RINGING) That didn't take long! Kiera :  Alec, I need your help. I can't deal with this primitive database. Did you find anything? Sadler :  No Escher anywhere. I looked into Piron, privately held If Escher is running it, then he's like the Great Oz, hands on lever, all curtain... In 2077, Piron is one of the top 20 corporations. They have a seat at the congress, and Escher got them there. Well, in 2013 they might as well be SadTech. Just an idea. Please keep working on this. Yeah, I will. Is everything okay? You seem a little edgy. It's Sam's birthday today, I'm just not... I have to go. So what've you got? A colossal headache. Travis and Garza allied, Liber8 splintered, and, uh, both groups appealing to completely different constituencies. Mmm-hmm. Maybe we send this guy in after them. Um, I know we could get more on Travis if we were following the gangs he's coerced into joining him. Is this your kid's? Yeah. Can we focus? Yeah, you want surveillance on the gang clubhouses, wire taps and satellite GPS tracking. How often do you get visitation? These gangsters are sloppy. They lack discipline. Travis' new army may end up doing our work for us. Yeah, agreed. But, they've been breeding their own lawyers for years now, we can't even get near these guys with a camera phone. Not at the clubhouses, but they don't live there. Mmm-hmm. They live out in the suburbs, most of them, in big houses with pretty wives and 15 kids. Maybe they're the smart ones. Can I have that? Yeah. Look, Kiera, I know this has been a rough week for you with your friend... I'm going to go see what Section 6 can do for us. Dying. The man himself! Yeah. Sorry I'm late. I'm just glad you agreed to see me. Ah, anything to keep you from playing this show up when you least want it game. What can I say? I'm a fan. We're going to have to talk about Director's insurance and fiduciary responsibility, partner. What, this? Company car can pick you up for work. No way! I live like five blocks from here. People wait their whole lives to see evaluation like this go public. All you need to do is stay in one piece until it does. No buts. I haven't even agreed to do business with you yet. Formality. You seem pretty sure. It's because I know what's on the other side of this door. The question is, do you? Get the lights here... Ta-da! (EXHALES) Still has that new server smell. Well? Okay. I'll take you on as a minority partner. You do realize this minority is going to be number one in a few short years, white boy. You've got the capital, but you can't remember the name of every derby winner for the next decade. What you want, what you need, I got. It's 50/50. 51 /49. I'm the 51, and we're pursuing projects I'm interested in. Well, I know they're mutual. I'm also gonna need a living space for those all-nighters. I'll see to it. So how secure is this place? Every entrance is controlled by biometrics and RFID encoded access cards. I need us to be really clear. I have final say in all the science we develop and how we use it. That's the beauty of our little venture. No VC's making nice while they wait to strip you of your ideas. This is it. You and me, partner. That wasn't an answer. You have final say. For tomorrow, in case you need back-up. (GASPS) (EXHALES) Kiera, you got a minute? Not really. Can you get one? Uh, Travis Verta's escape. I've been looking for whoever ratted out our operation. I thought Dillon said our department had been cleared. Yeah, and he asked me to keep looking. I found a CO of the person who looks good, booze, bookies, loan defaults, all the usual markers... So, show Dillon. Yeah, he's not buying it. He says it's not enough, but he'll listen to you. Right, me, Section 6, my magic contacts. No, no. I've already made the case with the suspect. He has motive and opportunity. I just think the inspector isn't giving this full consideration. Okay, put it on my desk and I will have him review it. (SOFTLY) Like it's gonna make a difference. Thanks. Is she all right? That's a good question. (ELEVATOR BELL DINGS) What the hell is going on here? They're taking out Dillon. What? Why? What are you talking about? I can't say anymore. Hey! (SIGHING) (SOFTLY) Keep it together here. It's gonna be fine. (SIGHING) No. You've got to be kidding me. You've got to be kidding me! Damn it! Thank you. Sorry about that. Happens to the best of us. Yeah, that was, uh... Intense? Lousy day. You want to talk about it? With a complete stranger? Who saved your life just now. It's just that, um... There's somebody I should be with today. Family? Birthday. Tough missing those. Especially with the little ones. Yeah. Maybe you'll get the chance later. What is happening? They fired him. This is Inspector Nora Harris. She's taking over this division today. I know everyone will cooperate in making this a seamless transition. Nora : Okay, people, listen up. While I familiarize myself with the active case files, we'll also be reviewing what appears to be a security breach. As a result, no computer access while internal affairs does their search. No leaving the office, no cell phone calls. It's unpleasant, but as soon as we've contained the situation, it'll be business as usual. Man : Security breach? That is all. This is bullshit. Detective Fonnegra. Your service record is exemplary, and IA has already conducted a rigorous check on you. I'll need your help today, and through this transition. Right. I'll be conducting some personal interviews immediately. Kiera Cameron is your partner, for lack of a better term? Right again. I need to speak with her. Where is she? What just happened? I was ambushed. I needed to hang this Travis cock-up on someone, and Harris is here to clean house. Trust me, she won't hesitate to throw anybody under the bus, so watch your back. What can I do to help you? When I figure it out, I'll be in touch. (CHUCKLES) (CHUCKLES) Jason? Hi! Why are you following me? Uh... 'Cause I'm tracking you. Okay, yes, we all agree that you're tracking and following me. Yeah. I should get a coffee. Wait, wait, wait. I'll get you a coffee, just tell me what you want. Uh, cappuccino? Uh... Why are you tracking me? Oh, yeah, you know, I have something for you. What is this? I have some very good skills for a guy in your line of work. If you're interested in time travel, right? I know you are. Huh? Uh, maybe we should take this outside. Oh. Yeah, yeah. We'll be back. The tight ass in Dillon's office is looking for you. Yeah, we're old friends. You're kidding. Forget it. Just keep it together, all right? I'm fine. Listen. We are chasing our own tail. Who stands to benefit from sidelining us? Liber8. We've already canceled out the chance of there being a mole in this department. Maybe we missed it. There must be somewhere else to look. Some other way to look. No, we have, we've searched through... Nora : Special Agent Cameron. Nice to see you again. Join me? Kiera's not with the police, officially. So officially, she should have nothing to worry about. Call it courtesy. She still has the right to a department lawyer. Should we get you one? Should you? I'm sure we'll be done quickly. That wasn't an answer. Kiera... Alec. Oh, Alec, I really hope you're listening right now. (INDISTINCT TALKING) Nora : Today's date is March 15, 2013. Present are, VPD Inspector Nora Harris, Detective Ed Lam, and Special Agent Kiera Cameron. The nano circuits and the relays, they don't require super cooling to achieve maximum efficiency under normal conditions... Kiera? Nora : Let the record show, Special Agent Cameron has waived her right to council. Her cell phone. I gotta go! Hey, is that Kiera? Wait, wait! You wanna take it? We're investigating a possible mole. We'll need your phone until you've been cleared. Don't worry, I can wipe it from my end. What is he doing here? I've asked Agent Gardiner to join us. A third party ensures transparency for all of us. Imagine. I'm here to protect you. This is your witch hunt? Nora : Let the record also show that Agent Gardiner from CSIS has joined us. In case you run out of questions? Just think of this as a continuation from our earlier meeting, Kiera. It can be that easy. Now. Your record does intrigue me. Essentially, you're here on your own recognizance, supported by some electronic bread crumbs that all lead to one place. Section 6. Nora : An organization apparently backed by the US Government. Yet neither the FBI nor the NSA have ever heard of it. How does that work? That's need to know. Inspector Dillon accepted your credentials because you are effective. And I admire his zeal. But look where it got him. And your effectiveness is a matter of debate, frankly. We'd like to know what your case officer has to say. You can call him. Or her. Now. Kiera, this is serious! I need time to build you a new cover. That won't work. I'm almost at the lab, just hold them off till I get there. Because you have to invent him? Cameron. A name. I'm not going to tell you anything about myself, my handlers, or Section 6. If you're looking for a mole, search my computer. Go through my phone. We are. Just a second! Now this is interesting. There's nothing in here about her family. But we talked about them when we met. And yet, they're completely absent from your record. You misunderstood me. Someone you were supposed to be with? A family member? A son? And today is his birthday. All right, Kiera, be careful. I'm building you a new record. Just hold them off. Nora : Is your son with your husband? I don't have a family. What's that? May I have that back? Is this another one of your fantasies, Cameron? Fake government agents that employ you, family that loves you. Give it back. No birth certificate. How old is he? Seven? Eight? No marriage certificate. We will find him. And then we'll find you. (STUTTERS) You can't do... (CHUCKLING) I think he's gonna miss this. He doesn't exist! I will kill you! Kiera, go easy! Kiera! Kiera! You know, I think we might be on to something here. Nora : Cameron? Who are you? Who are you? I could write you up for this! Officer Cameron, you just threatened the life of a fellow officer. I need to see that you can regain control of your emotions. What? That's called assault. I'm Mr. Fairweather, from CPS. I'm sorry, I... I'm here to do your psych review. I need a minute. No, No! You're not going anywhere. I'm concerned that you're a danger to yourself and to others so I've taken you offline. Let's start with your son. Sam. (EXHALING) I'll be right back. Wait! We're not done! Just, let her sweat it out. Obviously, your relationship with Sam is a stressor of some kind. My relationship? Let's gain some clarity so we can get you back in the field. Alec? Uh, no. Sam. Kiera, I suggest that you don't test me, we've only got so much time. How much time? I'm part of your CMR coding, I'm familiar with your personal history, and I have access to all your files so I'm certain we can get you operational in no time. You're not answering my question. I do provide an authentic therapy experience. How much time? You're feeling enough pressure for now. How much time for what? Nothing. How much time? I'd like to see you operationally functional in an hour. And if I'm not? If I find you at less than 80% efficiency, the memory that is causing you the most distress will be erased. I need my COM's back. Certainly. That's why I'm here. But your recent outburst... That wasn't an outburst! They are trying to take me down! As I said, your record is exemplary. But since she's been assigned to this department, you've been involved in some questionable calls. Ah, if that's your read. Gardiner : No, read me this, how is it that Cameron's always one step ahead? There's no way that Kiera is Liber8. Where does she get her intel? Section 6. Gardiner : It doesn't exist. Yeah, so you keep saying. Would you not be ashamed to throw away your career on a woman that no one trusts? You don't work alongside her every single day, okay? She takes some risks. Some crazy risks to bring down Liber8! I have a different interpretation. I believe Section 6 is a legend that she created. Travis Verta's escape is still a mystery. As is her own miraculous survival during the shoot-out. Unless you realize that Liber8 wouldn't kill their own agent. Their mole. Are you sure that there isn't some light that you can shed on this, Carlos? Are you sure you don't have some questions of your own? Let me speak with Alec. Alec. Can he help you moderate your behavior? Well, he invented you, and you are attempting to moderate my behavior, so I would say a resounding "yes"! Yes. He invented? Alec Sadler. True. You're in contact? Ah, also true. So, can I? Please, Alec, be there. Suit signature is nowhere, CMR is offline. (EXHALING) Come on. 
 
 (VIBRATING) Hello? Who is this? Hello, Alec. Oh, crap! What did you mean when you said Sam didn't exist? Please, let me speak with Alec, and I swear we can talk about Sam. Alec? Kiera! You're back! Only for a moment. What happened? Your CMR totally shut down. Oh, cognitive therapist, cool. My biometrics triggered a psych eval. You have an on board shrink? What did you do? Nothing. Is that what you think? I lost my temper. So Dr. Feelweird cut us off? Unbelievable! Let me check the code. I'm locked out. No outside operator has access  until the results of the review are completed. Even Alec Sadler. I designed you! Will... Design you. What do you think I should change when it comes time for me to design it? Remove its ability to erase my memories! Only those memories causing the distress leading to the disruption of functionality. Only my whole life, then. You won't know me. I won't know anybody. I'll figure something out. Time is up. Okay, full psychological health in an hour or less. Let's do it. You seem most upset about your son, Sam. I miss him. More than I can say. So you've repressed the grief, turned it into anger. I worry that I may never get back to him. I don't see anything in your file about a separation or divorce. How come you don't see him? Because he hasn't been born yet. What makes you think that? Because he hasn't. You don't know what time this is. No record of psychosis in the family... This is the year 2013. I am in the year 2013, it is my son's birthday and he hasn't been born yet. Hmm. Extreme psychological break. No. Do you know where you are? I mean, when? Look around you! This is the year 2013, this is it! And they use these to dry their hands. Hey, you alone? Yeah. Okay. We've got a problem. Yeah, no kidding. I kept files on you. For Dillon. It was before we were sure of your agenda. He had me track you. How thoroughly? Well, if Nora or Gardiner sees them, those files might cause you problems. Might? There are cell traces that put you in places you shouldn't be. Video too, of the power plant when Liber8 killed our strike team, of the time you were... Can you erase them? Nora and Gardiner locked me out. There's a data team hacking my firewalls as we speak. It's only a matter of time. There's a program on here that will execute a full system wipe. If I can get into your office. Okay. Betty? What else is in those files? I went to a Liber8 meeting once, it was a grassroots thing, research for Dillon. But it wasn't exactly sanctioned. They'll think you're the mole. I'm in deep sh1t, too. I need my weapon systems. Active camouflage. I am unable to clear you, your root problem remains. This can't wait. A good officer might be arrested for just doing her job. You need to deal with your loss. To tackle head on the underlying cause of your anxiety. And more importantly, your guilt. What guilt? Kiera, you abandoned your child. (INDISTINCT TALKING) Does this look like 2077? The office does appear archaic. Get in touch with your duty, Officer. You can't, can you? Because CPS doesn't exist in the past. But I spoke with Alec Sadler. Eighteen-year-old Alec Sadler. He hasn't even invented you yet. I am having issues connecting with the CPS servers. I have traveled back in time. I have left behind everybody I ever cared about. So tell me, please, how exactly am I supposed to function? That's an excellent question. Are you going to answer it? If this is 2013... Then your program doesn't apply to me. I can't be evaluated because there is no CPS. Nora : Betty Robertson? Can you join us? Cameron. You're still not off the hook. Betty, the Liber8 mole? Come on. Take a seat. You want to tell Carlos what we found? There are a number of protected files hidden on Betty's hard drive. We haven't been able to open them all yet, but the one that we did was illuminating. You attended a Liber8 meeting. Betty? Yeah. I went to a low level meeting. But only to find out how they organized. But why bother when you've got Kiera and Section 6 feeding you this great information? Because Dillon wanted to infiltrate the group. I was just doing my job. Then explain why there's no record of Dillon ever giving such an order. Well, it's in the files. I saw it. I did, Carlos, I swear. You know there's no file, Betty. Take her to holding. No, there's a file in there! This is ridiculous. Formal charges pending. You just haven't looked... Okay, just let me... I'll find this file for you. Man : This meeting is over, Miss Robertson. Listen, you just haven't found the file, there's a file in there! Are you freaking kidding me? Are you joking? You're going to take me away because Dillon gave the order? I don't know where you come from? Just call Dillon! Dillon can't help you now, Miss Robertson. Just call Dillon, Carlos. Did Dillon mention anything about sending Betty to those meetings? You're out of line, Gardiner. Did he say anything to you? This is a mistake, and it's going to get handled. There's only one question left. Was Cameron in on it with her? (SCOFFS) Fairweather, I need my systems back. (SIGHING) All right. I think about him every day. Every move I make, I wonder, does this hurt him? Am I harming him? And then it gets worse. I love him so much, and I don't even know if he lives. That's all theory. Not to me. All those questions that can never be answered. In that way, madness lies. All you have to do is open your heart. I can't. I know it hurts. It will destroy me. Because? Because I left him. I didn't even say goodbye. You know how kids are, they... No, you don't. So I'll tell you. They always think it's their fault. I'm the one that left. That died. And I know that Sam lies awake in bed every night thinking that there was something he could have done to keep me from going to work that day. So tell him it's not his fault. (GASPING) He's not real. He's a version of Sam that exists in your mind. Pulled from your memories. You seem to want to keep these memories, Kiera. So use them. (SOBBING) Hi, baby. God, I miss you so much. I am so happy to see you. I've been trying really hard to get back to you, and now I'm not sure I can. And I know that you must think I'm dead, and I want to tell you so badly that I'm not. I'm sorry that I didn't get to say goodbye. I would never, ever leave you. It's not your fault. You are the best thing that ever happened to me. I love you. I miss you every day, but I will always be with you. I will always be with you. I promise. And now I'm going to let you go. I love you. I love you, Sam. A lot of truth there. But you didn't let him go. No, I never will. Perhaps you don't have to, but something has to change. I know. I have to accept the truth that I may never get back to him. It doesn't mean I have to stop trying. But it means I have to accept that I may never get there. The cuff's unnecessary. We'll get this straightened out. Your friend. What will they do next? Arrest me. Charge me with espionage. Throw me in prison. Can they? Whatever's in Betty's computer is going to present a pretty convincing case. So what are you going to do about it? If I'm stuck here, I'm not going down without a fight. Program terminated. System restored. (SIGHING) (PEOPLE TALKING INDISTINCTLY) (EXHALES) Some new information has come to light that you should be aware of. We think that Betty's the mole, and that you're working together. (CHUCKLING) A very thorough review of this unit's case files revealed that Betty was the only person, other than you and Fonnegra and Dillon, who handled information relating to Section 6. Starting with the day your cover story first appeared online. Yeah, we checked. Section 6 didn't exist before Betty went looking for it. Take your time. But not too long. We found some additional files on Betty's hard drives. Care to comment on what's in them? Pass. I'd hoped you'd be smarter than this. (SOFTLY) I'm really glad you weren't. Kiera, you're back! What were you doing? Don't you want to hear my side of the story? My data team has Betty's passwords. Once we find the connections, anything you have to say will be moot. If those files even exist. Well, they exist, all right. Gardiner. Hmm? Oh, that was for me. Got it. Looks like you beat me to it, those files are gone. No, that's impossible. Hold on, there's a Trojan horse in her root directory. It's a nasty one. It's set up to send out information on the VPD server. A virus. The code is written to leave a trail like someone would if they were sending the information. What did you say? Liber8 put an electronic mole in place that framed Betty when it was found! Liber8 embedded a Trojan virus to make it appear Betty was feeding them information. The truth is, they just set her up to cover their intentions. Check it out. I'll shut it down. No. Make it obvious. Make what obvious? That's a great idea! And with a few improvements, I'll control the flow of information. The perfect mole is the one you think you've caught. The obvious one. In reality, you've just let your guard down to the real danger. You should be seeing the Trojan pop-up now. She's right. It's good to have you back, Kiera. Miss Robertson is free to go. We still need to discuss your family. Section 6. Tell me to go. Excuse me? Have me escorted out of the building. You have the power to do that. I am under no obligation to prove anything to you because technically, I do not work here. Ask anyone in this building if they would rather have me alongside them or not, and then do what you want. But enough dancing around the issue. The call is yours. Make it. Remind me never to play poker with you. What are you doing here? I've been waiting for you! I knew you'd be thinking about my offer, I didn't want to miss the boat. Why did you give me those diagrams? Because I wanted you to know I was for real and that I had something to offer in my offer. Yeah. Jason, did you have something to do with that time travel device? Well, I... I know it. I mean, I knew it. No, I know it. You know it better. You will know it. Do you think we could start working on those schematics first thing? If we're lucky, and if you're interested, we might even be able to reverse engineer a way home for you. Reverse engineer? I know somebody who would love that. Yeah, me too. Wanna start now? Yeah. Retinal scanner, juicy. Carlos : Hey, you okay? I'm good. I can't thank you enough for today. You can... You can owe me one. Done. Good night. Kiera : Good night, Betty. Carlos, (CHUCKLES) I'm fine. Go home. Okay. I love you, Sam. Happy birthday. Man : How'd it go? I'm here, aren't I? 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 