Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x06 - Time's Up - Continuum 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x06 - Time's Up https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=375&t=19674 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 07/09/12 23:01 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x06 - Time's Up 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Narrator : Previously on Continuum... 
 There is a war coming. 
 How can you be so sure? 
 Because we are going to start it. 
 We will do this by inspiring a new generation to take up our cause. 
 You want to change the world, you got to leave the living room first. 
 Ingram : I don't know how to tell you this. 
 I'm missing a piece. 
 Kiera : If I'm ever going to get home, the last thing I need is a trail that leads here. A girl's gotta have secrets. (WHOOSHING) (ALL CLAMORING) Officer : We got intel. Liber8 is among the leading edge. Fall in. Kiera : What a waste! Liber8 calls themselves revolutionaries, but all I see are vandals with no respect for private property. If there's a message I'm not getting it. Food? They're stealing provisions? These were supposed to be distributed. That's Piron's concern. Let's keep moving. If these people were starving, because of withheld provisions... Sometimes it's best not to ask the hard questions, someone else will figure it out. But if not us, then who? (MOBILE PHONE RINGING) Hey, Carlos. Yeah. Yeah, coffee is great. Thanks. I'll meet you there. Hey! Julian! Where are you going? Ah, those horse stalls aren't going to clean themselves. Yeah, well, then they won't get done. Oh. You're skipping out on chores? That's not like you. What's your dad going to say? My dad's not going to say anything, all right? All right, cool. Your secret's safe with me. (SNIFFLES) You going into town? Mind your own business. (ENGINE STARTING) (PROTESTERS CHANTING) How is it these protesters can be here for weeks on end? They're camped on city land. Turfing them would require getting the Mayor involved, and he's probably in there somewhere. So the authorities do nothing? You show force before you have to, and you risk inflaming the crowd. Escalate a situation that might not escalate. It always escalates, one way or another. These occupiers are going to make some noise, then probably sing Kumbayah, smoke a little weed and eat some soy burgers. They're harmless. Transparency? I didn't know they had the technology for that now. What are you talking about? Transparency. See through something? What? Have you been living in a vacuum? Oh, in this context they're asking for transparent business practices from the government and corporations. You know, openness, communication, accountability... (SNORTING) I've never seen a horse before, they're so beautiful. You saying there's no horses in the future? It's a long story. Let's get out of here. (UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING) Hey, wait... My name's Julian. That's the kid we've been waiting for. Check him. Yeah. Apparently you're some kind of big deal. Ready to make a change, Julian? (MOBILE PHONE BEEPING) Man : Go time, people. Come on! (WHOOPING) (PEOPLE SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY) Can you depend on them? Every game needs its pawns. Yes, but we should be leading them The beauty of a move lies not in its appearance, but in the thought behind it. They share our belief, our anger It just needs to be cultivated. Now that we're in this time, what's past is prologue. Shakespeare. And we re-write the prologue. Check. (WHISTLES) (SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY) (ROCK MUSIC PLAYING) The situation downstairs is escalating, ma'am. We have a car waiting in the garage. (ELEVATOR BELL DINGS) (MEN GROANING) (GASPS) I'll do whatever you say! I know. Kiera : 2077. My time, my city, my family. When terrorists killed thousands of innocents, they were condemned to die. They had other plans. (EXPLOSION) A time-travel device sent us all back 65 years. I want to get home, but I can't be sure what I will return to if history is changed. Their plan, to corrupt and control the present in order to win the future. What they didn't plan on was me. (CROWD CHANTING) Anybody in the building actually witness the abduction? The only ones that saw anything are dead. They obviously used the riot to cover for the kidnapping. The question is, who was pulling the strings? You think our friends are involved? Hey! There's something you need to see. My name is Henrietta Sherman. I'm the Chief Executive Officer of Exotrol World Corporation. I am a criminal. I have stolen money from investors and manipulated profits. Hello. Liber8 has shown me the error of my ways and I accept this punishment. Instructions will follow. (PHONE RINGING) Automated voice : Liber8. Whoa, whoa, whoa! Where did the page go? Each trace I run I get a new location. The original server is a ghost. The person who made this is good. Get over to Exotrol, see what you can find. Yeah. Chou : Security procedure is to evacuate all executive staff should their safety be threatened. Were you evacuated, Mr. Chou? I was at a breakfast for an environmental charity that we sponsor. You receive any threats recently? A multi-national corporation receives dozens every day. You don't seem bothered. It's the cost of doing business, I'm afraid. Detectives, I'd like you to meet Frank Bolo. Frank is Head of Security here at Exotrol. All security issues for Exotrol go through Frank and his team. Well, not now that this is a police matter. We'll take it from here. I served with military intelligence for more than two decades, Detective. I have access to more resources than the police department. And yet your queen was kidnapped from her own castle. Hmm. Why didn't you file a report with police about these various threats? They were looked upon as a private matter. You understand. We need to see all of your security footage from the time of the incident. Right this way. Bring it up on the main monitor, please. We think they used a field damper to scramble the signals. Same for cameras to and from the loading docks. Okay, so all these cameras, and not one managed to catch a glimpse of the attackers? Well, whoever did this was a professional. They must have compromised the building's security layout. Every system's bound to have its blind spot. You're suggesting that whoever pulled this off had intimate knowledge of the inner workings of your company's security system. It would seem so. Do you trust your team, Mr. Bolo? Every last one of them, and frankly, I'm offended at the question. We lost two good men today, Detective. We have to explore every option. Well, I can assure you Mr. Bolo and I are at your disposal. We, more than anyone, want to see the secure return of Ms. Sherman. It looks like Liber8 is going live with another web video. Can you copy that link? I, Henrietta Sherman, CEO and President, am ordering Exotrol Corporation  to prepare $20 million cash, today. This ransom will be paid without negotiation. Where and when will be provided shortly. Trace that video now! Chou : This is insane. Can you get the ransom together in enough time? I need board approvals and... Kiera : So get them. You do nothing, she will die. We'll be in touch, gentlemen. Let's go. Drawing them out by giving them what they want. It's ballsy. Given what you know about Liber8, would you do otherwise? $20 million? It's a huge risk. You sure it's gonna work? They're hungry for it, so we give them a taste. That's the thing about hunger. They have to stick their necks out to get fed, that's when they're vulnerable. Newscaster : Exotrol Corp is expected to press charges, however, they're focusing resources... Oh, get a life. Gotcha. Julian? Sadler : You're gonna owe me big time when you see what I got for you. Is that so? I hacked into some social media servers, cloud photo storage, and I got some footage that's gonna take the police a while to get through through legal channels. And? And I got a face and an I.D. of a guy who I think may be leading the anarchists among the legitimate protestors. I'm sending them to you now. Great. Francis Hall. And he's an ugly mother, too With priors- This everything? Yep. Thank you, Alec. Uh-oh. You've got that look on your face again. Who's this? Francis Hall? We can link him to the violence at the protest. Okay. Can we link him to Sherman? Well, he works at a tattoo parlor on Broadway. Okay. How'd you get this? Oh, why do I even ask? Hello? Anybody home? (CRASHING) Francis : I don't know what you're talking about. Get the hell off me! Bolo, drop the gun! Slowly. Kick it away from you. (MAN SPEAKING ON TV) Pure stupidity. They're going about it the wrong way. No one's going to hear them over the smashing glass and the vandalism. Just such a waste. Well, you sound like you understand them. Thanks, hon. I understand their frustration. And the corporations keep squeezing. How can an honest working man defend himself these days when they keep hiding their dirty practices behind a justice system that supports them? (SIGHS) Oh, hey, sweetheart, you hungry? Oh, yeah, I'm starving. Hey-Hey- Where's Julian? I haven't seen him today. The news reports said the violent faction coordinated using social media. This is precisely what I've been trying to tell you, Alec. This techno-garbage that you keep wasting your life on is never gonna be used responsibly. Yeah, well, great things can be done with technology. And great things can be done with hard work and sweat. You should really take a page out of Julian's book, son. There is a thing or two you could learn from that boy. There's something you should know about Julian. Carlos : You know, I should book you, too. Assault, carrying a concealed weapon... I have an ATC-3 license. It's totally legit. Doesn't entitle you to pistol whip a suspect and then interfere with a police investigation. How did you find him? You got your sources, I've got mine. While you were beating him, did he mention anything useful? Whoever did this used him and his disciples as cover for the kidnapping. If I'd have had five more minutes I would've found out who hired him You get any more information pertaining to this case you bring it to us, you understand? Other than that, you stay the hell out of the way. So I'm free to go? (SIGHS) Let's go see what Francis Hall has to say. (SIGHS) Okay. Let's see here, we've got you on inciting a riot, destruction of property, aiding and abetting a kidnapping, obstruction of justice, oh, and pretty sure I saw you jaywalking. You know, with your priors, I'd say that gets you five to, I don't know, life. So how about it, Francis? Who hired you? Like I told you, we're anarchists. We do this sh1t just to provoke tools like you Carlos, can you go get me this master manipulator's rap sheet? I left it on your desk. I'll keep Francis company. Please tell me you're about to play bad cop. I would really, really like that. Be careful what you wish for. (G ROAN S) God! Now, you are going to answer some questions, whether you like it or not. (CHUCKLES) Do you want me to repeat everything I told you? No, that won't be necessary. There are other crimes you should know about. When I was 15... Shh! Oh. (CARLOS CHUCKLES) That's a cool trick. Sometimes you just gotta know which buttons to push. I'll just wait here. Hall received his orders via text just like the others. Doesn't know the source. Run a trace on his cell, he's been using a burner phone. Maybe I can also get the original source for the encrypted website feed off his cell. Great. All right. Hey, that was Terence Chou. He's got approval from the board for the ransom. He's waiting on a location for the drop. Okay. (MOBILE PHONES BEEPING) Kiera : Something's up. This is big. This is going viral in a big way. Dillon : You know what the hell is going on here? It's like a mass text. "Exotrol... "Exotrol steals from the people." It's the same text message over and over again. What the hell are they up to? If you wanted to collect a $20 million ransom, why would you draw this much attention? Maybe attention is what they wanted. Diversion? No, not like this. Something else... (MOBILE PHONE RINGS) Wait, hold on. Fonnegra. Sadler : Kiera, what's going on? (MOBILE PHONES BEEPING) Theater. That was Terence. He just heard from Liber8. Do we have a drop location? Yeah, would you believe Exotrol Plaza? (INDISTINCT SHOUTING) (SIREN WAILING) What happens now? We're supposed to get delivery instructions. Please, tell me you have some leads. We're working on it, okay? Let's just focus on the task at hand, shall we? I don't like being on the back foot. We've got to get a step ahead of these people. The money's rigged with thermal tracking. We got top cover and 10 units are providing a cordon. Wherever they want us to drop the money we're gonna nail them the second they try to pick it up. This money was supposed to buy Ms. Sherman's freedom. Where is she? (MOBILE PHONES RINGING) Carlos. Woman : Give us the money! Crowd : (CHANTING) Give us the money! Crowd : (CHANTING) Give us the money! Liber8 wants us to give them the money? You think that's their play? We have to go forward. If we go back now there's no telling what Kagame might do to Ms. Sherman. I'm more worried about what this mob will do to us if we don't. Crowd : (CHANTING) Give us the money! Alec, whoever's sending these texts may have line of sight. I am one step ahead of you. Crowd : (CHANTING) Give us the money! All right, guys, start handing out the money. What? You want another riot like we had this morning? Let's go! Come on. Crowd : (CHANTING) Give us the money! (PEOPLE SCREAMING) Okay, west side of the plaza. The texts are coming from Ms. Sherman's own phone. (CROWD SHOUTING) Crowd : (CHANTING) Liber8! Liber8! 
 
 Signal is still there, it's holding position. It's right in front of you. Ms. Sherman? Where have you been? In town seeing some friends. You know, anyone who got me involved in a riot, destruction of property, violence, that's not someone I'd call a friend. I don't know what you're talking about. Are you telling me you just didn't go into town and raise hell, huh? Who told you that? Just answer the question. Were you involved in that riot? It was for the cause. For Liber8. You're always saying we need to stand up... No. I never advocated violence That's not how we go about change. You think anybody watched your chaos, and had any sympathy for you, sympathy for the movement we both believe in? Yeah, well, the movement has to move. Needs to do something. You're so busy talking that you don't realize how empty your words really are. I'm disappointed in you, you know that? Disappointed in me? Mmm-hmm. Yeah. Before we had to live here, we had our own farm. Your father's farm, that was going to be mine. The bank took it! You let that happen! Watch your mouth! Hit me, hit me, hit me! Show a little bit of respect! It would prove you had some balls Roland! (EXHALES) That's what I thought. A new ransom video just went live. Kagame : Money is power. At least that's what executives like Ms. Sherman would like you to believe. That's Kagame's voice. But even giving away $20 million of her company's ill gotten profits  hasn't humbled Ms. Sherman much. Betty? Trying to lock down the location, but they're using a variant DNS server. Almost seems that nobody can ever bring the guilty to account. But what if you could? Damn it. What if Ms- Sherman's fate was in your hands? From now until sundown, you, the people, may vote on this woman's fate. In two hours time she lives or dies, as you dictate. The guilty will be held accountable. That countdown expires in two hours. Yeah, clearly the people want their pound of flesh. Excuse me. (MOBILE PHONE RINGING) You only call when you want something. Shame that it's never the something that I want you to want. What exactly is Kagame up to? Optics. You want to paint them as criminals. They are criminals. One man's terrorist is another man's freedom fighter. But how do you switch from one to the other? Give the public what they want. Become Robin Hood. Aha! Hearts and minds, far more effective than bombs and guns. How do I find them? We're running out of time. What do I get in return? I don't feel like trading. Interesting choice of words. Have you been following the markets and Exotrol's stock? What about them? Who stands to gain from Sherman's predicament and in what circumstance? Start there. Alec, I'm gonna need you to look into all the trading on Exotrol stock. I don't know why you trust that guy, he would turn on you in a heartbeat. I don't trust him. Slice of possibility. More than 100,000 votes in less than an hour. Sixty three percent want her dead. I thought the spectacle of public execution was a thing of the past. They think it's some kind of a game. They can't imagine that it's real. So, what've you got? Nothing yet. Still working on it. But I did trace the source of Francis Hall's text message. It came from a work station inside Exotrol's corporate offices. Go! Where the hell is she? Do you remember when we caught Frank questioning Francis about the kidnapping? Did you notice his gun? What? You mean the one that was pointed at the guy's skull? Yeah. The safety was off. I don't think Frank was questioning him, I think he was going to kill him. Clean up loose ends. Okay. So you're saying Frank used Francis to orchestrate the riot to cover for the kidnapping. But why? What's his angle? Now we know what to ask him. If you're headed to Exotrol to find Frank Bolo, you're headed the wrong way. He already swiped out for the day, I tracked him back to his house. I will send you the address. Hey, Frank. We need a word. (SIREN WAILING) (TIRES SCREECHING) (GRUNTS) (GRUNTING) (GRUNTS) Thanks. How well do you know the history of this period? They purged the history files from my school's data net in 2058. In 2010, the world's banking industry nearly collapsed due to some questionable business practices. What happened next? The governments bailed them out. Not a single corporate CEO went to trial, and they walked away with billions in bonuses. The only ones who suffered were the people they were supposed to be accountable to. No wonder the Corporations changed the history books. We forgot our history, and they repeated it. Bang! As much fun as this is, I don't have the time to just sit here to stare at each other all day. Well, I've got all day. But what about Ms. Sherman? As long as she's alive, you're only facing conspiracy charges. Well, don't forget assaulting a police officer. Well, maybe the two of you should be out there looking for her, then. You know, I don't think he's scared of us. Nah, I don't think so, either He's a tough guy- I don't know if I'd go that far. Maybe he only respects other tough guys. What are you thinking? Just curious how Travis will react when he finds out that Frank here rolled on the gang. You know, I don't think Liber8 would hesitate even for a second to send a message to other wannabe tough guys who might want to rat them out. If only we had a bigger fish to pressure. Someone that might take attention away from Frank. Carlos : Like whoever hired Frank. That's a good idea. What's more important than money? Lucas, how many people have voted? 235,000, give or take. And how many of those have clicked on the link to our manifesto? 68% of them. The only thing more powerful than money is knowledge. Through this spectacle, we'll wake the public from its complacency, and teach them to think for themselves. The revolution starts here. Implement phase three. That's a hell of a lot of our money. No gain ever came without risk. And no profit ever came without costing another man everything. Kiera? Someone just shorted $3.5 million of shares in Exotrol stock. Shorted? What does that mean? Uh, it's complicated. But basically, it means when someone bets against the company from being profitable or successful. Kiera : Is that legal? Strangely, yes. (SIGHS) Oh. Can you track the origin of the trade? Yeah, I'm triangulating now. It's a floating hotspot, so based on the data towers I should be able to... Okay, I got it. Feed me the coordinates. Wait a minute, you're just going to stand up and announce to the room that you know where the bad guys are? I mean, it's one thing to have instincts, but it's another to have a crystal ball. Okay, well, Betty's trying to crack the source of the gang's website feed. Well, I can jack the source route and link her, so she finds the answer. Great. Alec? That's just the sound of me crying inside because I'm letting someone else take credit for my work, but never mind. Continue. (BEEPING RAPIDLY) No, no, no, no, no! Son of a... Edouard, you better get in here! Ha-ha! Gotcha! I got a hit! East Side, warehouse district. I've got an address. Well done. Okay. Feed everything to tactical, call in E.R.T., send everything we've got to that address. (SIRENS WAILING) Use extreme caution. The hostage's safety is priority one. Move in. Everybody stay back, she's rigged. Get me the hell off this chair. Ms. Sherman, stay calm. Carlos : We have three minutes. We got a bomb. How long for the disposal team? Officer : En route, 15 minutes away. They won't get here in time. We have to do this. Help me. Please, help me. I admire your dedication, but are you frigging nuts? Kiera, I would listen to him. I don't know anything about bomb-making. Kiera : Trust me, I've seen something like this before. I can do it. Let's cordon off a one block perimeter. I can do this. I can do this. Okay. Wow! There is an incredible amount of information on the web about bomb-making. Most of it poorly written. That does not help. Okay, right. Here we go. All right, any bomb with a timer most likely has a battery or a power source to trigger it. Do you see any? Do you see what I'm looking at? Yes. Yeah. I wouldn't mess with it. (ALARM BLARING) (SOBBING) Oh, my God! No! "The truth will set her free." (EXHALES) My heart just skipped a beat. What truth, Ms. Sherman? I don't know what you're talking about. I think you do. I think your kidnappers did, too. Uh, Kiera? The bomb? Hearts and minds are far more effective than bombs and guns. What? Help me! I can't defuse the bomb. There's not enough time. You've have one minute. So, if there's something you would like to get off your chest, I suggest you do it now. What are you doing? Tell them. Tell them all. Or you die and they win. Carlos : Kiera, we have to go! We have less than a minute. The pension funds. What about them? We made it look as if the stock market collapse had gutted them. The truth was that we, the board, and I, we... We've been tapping into them for years. Yes, I was stealing from my own employees. We got to go now! The bomb won't blow up now. I do trust your instincts, but there is a line. It won't blow. This is all about optics. They won't kill her now. They'll lose all the traction they just gained with the public. Isn't that right? (SOBBING) (EXHALES) (INDISTINCT SHOUTING) I'll have to call you back. You are a busy guy. Someone has to run things during this crisis. Oh, crisis, opportunity. Tomato. Tomahto. Frank gave you up, Terence. Told us the whole plan. How you had him arrange the kidnapping in exchange for stock options. If Sherman confessed to the dirty dealings and insider trading, then, live or die, she'd be out of the way and you could take over Exotrol. Your own little corporate coup d'état. I want to talk to my lawyer. That is a good idea because maybe he can explain why a certain holding company in the Cayman Islands sold off 300,000 shares of Exotrol stock the day before the riot and Sherman's abduction. See, right now you're only facing kidnapping, extortion and conspiracy charges. But if anything should happen to Ms. Sherman, then“. (SIGHS) What went wrong with your plan? I am not a murderer. Frank's anarchist friends said he had associates, who, for a price, could take care of the kidnap and ransom. But once they killed the security team, then I knew. They had their own agenda all along. You told my dad about me being at the riot. You sold me out. You're getting involved with the wrong kinds of people. Screw you. You sit off in your own little world thinking you're so smart. Well, I'm the one who's really waking up. I'm the one seeing the truth about him, about you. Julian, listen... No, I'm done listening. You hear me? I'm done with you, from this moment on. Just stay the hell away from me. Sadler : Kiera? You know that $3 million in short option futures you asked me to track? Turned into $20 million after Sherman torpedoed her company with her admission. Where did the money go? That's the part you're not gonna like. It got transferred offshore faster than you can say "untraceable third world money laundering." Your gang profited big time. (SIGHS) That's exactly what they wanted. Tank a corporation, line their pockets, turn the public to their cause. Seems like they're changing strategies. I mean, when they first showed up, they did all the heavy lifting, now they're using other people, like Francis Hall. So what'll you do now? Wait for them to slip up. Um... There's something else I didn't tell you. My stepbrother Julian. He was at that riot. And I didn't want to tell you because I wanted to protect him until I knew what was going on. I'm sorry. Do I need to be looking at him more closely? No, no, no. I've got it. Family's important, Alec, but I need to know anything that's relevant to my job. Do you understand? I understand. It won't happen again. Good. I have to go. The things people will do for money. Didn't hear you come in last night. I wanted to let you sleep. Oh, thanks. You Okay? Elena and I pulled riot detail last night. Ah, how bad? Bad. But not in the way that you're thinking. The rioters were stealing food provisions. And you knew about it? I'd heard rumors that Piron was stockpiling to drive up prices. How can the Congress let them do that? They have their reasons, I suppose. Oh, and we're just supposed to trust those reasons? CPS polices the citizens. Who polices the corporations? They're supposed to police themselves. Apparently they are not doing it. You are starting to sound like one of those Liber8 terrorists. Carlos : Hey, don't worry, we'll get them. Kagame played us this time. It won't happen again. See you tomorrow. Crowd : (CHANTING) Liber8! Liber8! 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 