Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x07 - The Politics of Time - Continuum 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x07 - The Politics of Time https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=375&t=19675 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 07/17/12 15:48 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x07 - The Politics of Time 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Narrator : Previously on Continuum... 
 Kiera : My suit is damaged. (GRUNTS) 
 (CURTIS GRUNTING) 
 (SCREAMS) 
 You told my dad about me being at the riot. 
 You sold me out. 
 I mean I don't know what you know or how you know it. 
 Smart and secretive. 
 Doesn't get any worse than that. 
 Sadler : I don't know why you trust that guy. 
 I don't trust him. 
 Okay! To SadTech's new Cascadia, resident evil genius. 
 It's not every day my best friend gets access to billions of credits. 
 Just a slip of the decimal point could erase our life debt completely. 
 All right, come on now. 
 Another bottle! 
 We've had enough. 
 You're no fun. 
 She is no fun. 
 Excuse me, I'll be right back. 
 Greg : Cheers. 
 Cheers. 
 (WHIRRING) 
 (DOOR OPENING) 
 (DOOR CLOSING) 
 Hey, tiger, the men's room, back that way. 
 I'm exactly where I wanna be. 
 What are you doing? 
 Don't tell me you haven't felt the same way. I've seen... 
 (GRUNTS) 
 You call yourself Greg's best friend? 
 Get out! 
 (POLICE SIREN WAILING) 
 So, big plans tonight? 
 I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna take off my shoes, I'm gonna order dinner, and I'm gonna go to bed. 
 (CHUCKLES) You? 
 I'll order a pizza, crack a beer. 
 Probably watch the sports channel and fall asleep on the couch. 
 Need a ride home? 
 Oh... 
 (PHONE RINGS) 
 Hold on. Fonnegra. 
 Hold on a second. 
 Sure. 
 You should ask him out to dinner. 
 What? No! 
 I'm married. (SCOFFS) 
 I'm not talking about a date. 
 I'm talking about socializing with a co-worker. 
 You know, breaking bread, letting your guard down. 
 It's something we humans did in 2012, it's called friendship. 
 I have friends. 
 In  2012? 
 Uh. 
 Ask him out. 
 So if you're not doing anything tonight... 
 Sorry, that was a friend. 
 You'll be okay to find your way home? 
 Oh, yeah. No problem. 
 See you tomorrow. 
 (SIGHS) That sucks. 
 I'm sorry. 
 (SIGHS) 
 Great. 
 Okay, so you got me home. 
 Give me my keys. 
 I can make it in myself. 
 Mmm-mmm. 
 A gentleman always walks a lady to the door. 
 (EXHALES DEEPLY) 
 Okay, you can go now. 
 Don't even wanna tell me your side of the story? 
 I just had a few quick questions. 
 Jim's the one who's all, "Get out of here or I'll call the police." 
 Wait, you went over there as a reporter, not as a friend? 
 (SIGHS) 
 I can't talk about it. 
 Come on, what? 
 Is this an election story? 
 Something about Jim's campaign? 
 You wouldn't understand. 
 Of course I wouldn't. 
 Better? 
 No. 
 Alicia, just don't go there, okay? 
 I'm going there. (CHUCKLES) 
 (CAR APPROACHING) 
 Tall mocha macchiato, right? 
 Is it poisoned? 
 Can't a guy just buy a girl a coffee? 
 That's the thing. 
 It's never just a coffee. 
 What do you need? 
 I have procured the access codes to several government and private telecom feeds that cover the West Coast. 
 Satellite, cellular, imagery data. The works. 
 I'm thrilled. 
 Why do I care? 
 You know, once we figure out how to use the codes, you can track down Kagame and the gang before they come after you. 
 Don't you mean come after you? 
 What? Well, since we happen to be in the same boat... 
 You need me to make the codes work. 
 No! 
 But I did write down the name of a... 
 You mind? 
 A guy who knows a woman that might know a programmer... 
 Kiera : Really? 
 Well, what do you know. 
 He's early. 
 You making some friends? 
 He was lost. 
 Those for me? 
 How was it last night with your friend? 
 Oh, fine. I didn't stay long. 
 Went home, watched the game. You? 
 It was good. There's a place near my house, and it has the best pizza... (DISPATCHER TALKING ON RADIO) ...so I just... 
 Wait, wait. 
 What address did they just say? 
 Uh, dead body, 126 Venables Street. 
 Kiera : 2077. 
 My time, my city, my family. 
 When terrorists killed thousands of innocents, they were condemned to die. 
 They had other plans. (EXPLOSION) A time-travel device sent us all back 65 years. I want to get home, but I can't be sure what I will return to if history is changed. Their plan, to corrupt and control the present in order to win the future. What they didn't plan on was me. Cleaning person found the body about 8:00 a.m. Can't say how long she's been dead. Five to seven hours. I'd like to take primary on this, sir. We were first on the scene. Okay, you got primary- Just remember, a reporter is dead. This could be a very high profile case. I want everything done by the book, okay? Yes, sir. I'll keep you informed. She's been dead about five to seven hours, but you probably already knew that. (CLAYTON CLEARS THROAT) Hey! You, uh, wanna put one of these on? Thanks. Ligature marks on her neck, petechial hemorrhaging. Death is probably due to strangulation. Maybe it was after s*x. There are some pretty kinky s*x toys in the bedroom and the bed's a mess. Kiera : Witnesses? Officer : Neighbors said no one heard or saw anything. Hey, your dad wants us to fix the fence in the back acre. Yeah, well, why don't you do it yourself, traitor. I'm not the one who ran off and joined the demonstrators. Yeah, and you couldn't just wait to tell him about it. Now he took the keys to my truck and my cell phone. You blame me? You're the one who screwed up. So much for brotherly love. Carlos : Jim, we've been friends for 20 years. I need you to explain exactly what happened last night, okay? I get a call from you to come over to your house and pick up Alicia. I get there, I find you two screaming at each other, and then Alicia's dead. Alicia said she had some dirt on me that she was going to publish. I asked her to leave, she refused. She threatened to make a scene. You know how she gets. She's like her mother. What kind Of dirt? Election financing irregularities. So this wasn't true, what she had on you? No, of course it wasn't, Carlos. I can see the headline now. "Union President nominee Jim Martin "fights with reporter the night she was killed." (EXHALES) I'm gonna lose this election tomorrow. Look, I can keep you out of this, okay? For a couple of days. Carlos, I don't want... Jim... I'll handle it. Alicia Fuentes, she was an investigative reporter for The Post. Cause of death was strangulation. And there's no signs of forced entry, but there was a struggle. As of now there is no DNA from the perp. I heard she was sexually assaulted. Perp was wearing a condom. Did she have enemies? She was an investigative reporter. If she was doing her job, she had enemies. She was always dissing Nelson Barnes, saying he was in the pocket of management, ignoring the welfare of his constituents. Nelson Barnes... Incumbent union president, runs the ATSU. Amalgamated Transport and Shipping Union? The biggest union in the country? It's got almost 300,000 workers and controls a pension worth billions of dollars. You know, if she did in fact have some proof that Barnes was cozying up to management, that could cost him the upcoming election. There's your motive. Okay. Jansen, Everheart. I need you to canvass the neighborhood. Betty, I need you to get all the surveillance footage from the building and surrounding CCTV cameras. Concentrate on all the footage from 2:00 a.m. on. On it. Let's go talk to Barnes. Okay. Kiera, you have a second? This case really isn't in your wheelhouse and I'd rather not take you away from your investigation of gang activity. Actually, sir, the gang has been known to organize union sympathizers. If Miss Fuentes was investigating a union election, well, there may be a tie-in. Okay. If there's no tie-in, I want you back at your desk. Yes, sir. Kiera? I've got a suit update. I'll be right there, Carlos. Sadler : I managed to reanimate most of the circuitry at a basic level. Is it usable? Uh, not quite. There's still a lot of interface files I'm trying to access, but I'm running some tests. This baby should be running pretty soon. Keep me posted. Don't break it! "Don't break it." (SCOFFS) (ELECTRONIC HUMMING) (GASPS) Whoa! (ELECTRONIC WHIRRING) You knew Alicia. You two were friends. You're the one who told me to start trusting my instincts. Am I wrong? My family left Colombia with a group of other families and their kids. Alicia was one of them. I've known her since... Since before I can remember. Alicia was beyond family. (SIGHS) Look, thanks for staying on the case. I know you... I know you lied about the involvement of the gang. I just stretched the truth. It's what friends do, right? Yeah. Alicia Fuentes was trying to fabricate dirt on my campaign finances. But she found nothing that was illegal. So you weren't taking money from management and selling your constituents down the river? Contributions come into my campaign fund from all over. But I answer only to my members when it comes to voting. I wasn't the only one Miss Fuentes was investigating. You should check out my opponent. I heard Jim Martin runs a clean campaign. Nobody slides up the political ranks without a little grease. Are you speaking from experience, Mr. Barnes? Miss Fuentes found out Jim had a big campaign contributor with the kind of funds that grassroots can't provide. Jim is selling himself as the candidate that can't be bought, so there's a story there somewhere. At least there was. Oh, and I'm sure she got that from a reputable source. Mr. Barnes, where were you last night? Campaign rally, lots of witnesses. But a man in your position, you must know people that can get things done. Make people go away- My assistant will get you that list of witnesses. Thank you, sir. Sadler : So, I've been trying to figure out how to repair the injured circuits. I'm just gonna cut out the damaged parts. Don't cut it! It'll only make it worse. Shoot What? (GASPS) Holy moly. Oh, God. Alec, what did you do? So I know that Carlos said he wanted to see footage after 2:00 a.m., but I was thinking, what if someone was waiting for her or followed her home? Can this wait for just one minute? Just watch. Okay. I couldn't find anything on the CCTV feeds, but then I realized Alicia's apartment was on a bus route. Buses have cameras on them and voila! We've got something. There's Alicia and her car. Someone drove her home. Maybe it's her murderer. Are you getting this? Sadler : Yeah. What? Are you getting a better resolution? Yeah, I'm waiting on a hi-res download from the bus company which they promised to have to me by 10:00 tonight. So I should have it in the morning. Thanks. Alec? Normally I'd be in the same boat as Betty. But? But since I hooked your suit up to the system  it's become super charged. Houston, we have an upgrade. I can give you a clear-res image in... Three, two, one. Crap. How can you be so sure Carlos isn't guilty? I mean, you've only known him for a few months. It's the same amount of time I've known you. Yes, but, I'm different. For all we know, Carlos dropped her off at the door, he may not even have come in here last night. It ain't just a river in Egypt! Denial, get it? No. Oh, that's trippy. What did you do? I used a bio-enhancement mist, it interacts with DNA. It helps my HUD ID fingerprints. Each color represents a different individual's prints and the intensity tells me how recently those prints were made. First thing we do is cancel out prints older than a week and then we cancel out the victim's prints. Well, he's definitely been in there. We were both in here this morning. Let me just... (BEEPING) I'm guessing that leads to the bedroom? Oh, man, it doesn't take too much to imagine how those prints got there. (CHUCKLES) Alec, I've got prints with no ID. Well, you're connected to the national database. Whoever it was doesn't have a record. You think there was a three-way? I think that's enough for today. What? It's just getting good! Goodbye, Alec! (ELECTRONIC WHIRRING) (GASPS) Come on, baby, show me what you can do. (BEEPS) You saw the union candidate last night. Can I talk to you? Why didn't you tell me you were at Jim Martin's place, or that you went to see Alicia Fuentes after that? Who told you that? You just did. How'd you find out? That is not the point. You lied about sleeping with a woman on the night she was murdered. I had nothing to do with Alicia's murder. You were the last person to see her alive and that makes you a suspect. Plus, it is definitely a conflict of interest since you are the primary on this case! Listen to me, if I admit to being with Alicia, then the focus of the investigation immediately turns on me. They stop looking for the real killer. You know that! That's your excuse? What about Jim Martin? You didn't tell me you knew him. What is it that you are covering up? Jim is an old friend, okay? He grew up with Alicia and I... That is not enough of a reason. Okay, he called me up, he said he was arguing with Alicia. He wanted me to come over and help and I did. What were they arguing about? It doesn't matter, okay? Whatever happened between Alicia and Jim had nothing to do with her murder. He's a good guy, Okay? He's just in the middle of an important union election So important that you are willing to put your own career on the line? You don't understand. Jim is a reformer in one of the most corrupt locals in the country. He will fight that corruption and make it better for the members. There's a lot of people in management who won't like that. Besides, he's a friend. And you trust him? Yes, with my life. Okay. (SIGHS) So someone could've framed Jim to sabotage his chances at this election? He has made a lot of enemies in the old boys club, including Barnes. I just need a little bit more time. I don't know how much I can give you. Betty found footage of you and Alicia. It's too grainy to make out your face, but she's working on resolving the image. And when she does, she'll... Okay, I'll handle it. Okay? I need to know that I can rely on you to keep me and Jim out of this. Okay? Just for now. Fine. Jim is off-limits. Thank you. 
 
 Can I help you? Agent Kiera Cameron. I have some questions for Jim Martin. Sara Davidson, his campaign manager. Uh, let me see if Jim has a minute. Sara, get in here and tell Heather she has to... Jim, this is Agent Cameron. She has some questions. How can I help you? I'd like to talk about Alicia Fuentes Yes. I heard about the murder. I don't know, I don't trust him. (CLEARS THROAT) Uh, this is my wife, Heather. Agent Cameron. I don't trust her, either. I heard about Alicia It's horrible. What can we do to help? When was the last time you saw her, Mr. Martin? I don't remember how long it was, um Sara? One, two months ago. Are you sure? I know she was writing an article about you. Well, we've, um, talked on the phone a few times. Really? I also happen to know that she was here last night and that you spoke with her. It was only for a brief moment. She came here about an article that she was writing with accusations of financial fraud. What she had was all fiction, but she wouldn't leave. Mrs. Martin, did you witness this? Actually, no, I was at a fundraiser, helping legitimate donors give to Jim's campaign. Sara was there with me, she can confirm that. (DOOR CLOSING) Greg sent me to see if you were okay. What happened to the painting? Rikki, I don't know how to do this. We've been friends with you and Trevor for so long. I know he was drunk, but... Trevor came in here and made a pass at me. Oh! What an ass! I feel terrible. Oh, you shouldn't. It was just a pass. Besides, you never let what happened with Greg and I affect our friendship, and I'm not gonna let a little pass affect it either. What are you talking about? When Greg and I had a little fling before your wedding? Kiera! I thought... Greg never told me. He never said a word. Because it meant nothing! He was just sowing his oats before the marriage. He loves you, you know that. I'm surprised you never found out. I mean, you're a CPS officer, you have access to all the records. Why would I spy on Greg? I never had a reason not to trust him. If I had your tech, I'd be scanning to see what Trevor was up to every minute of the day. Do you need me here for this? I need to get back to, uh, getting ready for the rally tonight. Yes, actually I have some questions for you as well. Agent Cameron, I'm gonna have to ask you to leave. If you have any further questions, you're gonna have to contact Mr. Martin's attorney. I'll show myself out. You think this Jim guy knows something about the murder? I think he had an affair with Alicia, I think his wife knows. How'd you figure that out? I just know. I need you to get me everything you can on Heather Martin, including her whereabouts for the last 36 hours. I may have a suspect to exonerate Carlos. Kiera, do you know what your suit can do? It's online, it's accessing every single visual and audio feed within a 100-kilometer radius on its own. It's like it's taking its own bearings,  its own sensory proprioception. Thanks, Alec. Good work. But, uh, did you find anything on Heather Martin? Her maiden name is Heather Axelrod, a real jock in high school. Gymnastics, women's lacrosse, went to University of Alberta on a sports scholarship. Uh, married to Jim Martin for 13 years, no children. Oh! And did I mention she also made several calls to your victim in the past two weeks? Most of them hang-ups. Where was she last night? At a fundraiser until 10:30 p.m., just like she said. Election money. If Alicia was writing an article about campaign contributions, we need to look into both candidates' finances. I'll follow the cash. Damn it! What? The piece of the time travel device is missing. What, someone took it? There's only one person that could've done this. Kellog. What's he gonna do, sell it to the gang? No. He's gonna use it as leverage against me. Now what? Now? I'll just have to get it back. That's not what it looks like, okay? I didn't kill her. I know that. I can say there was an internal glitch in my computer, that the information was lost... No. I have to take care of this. Yeah, you do. Yeah? Got anything on that murder case? Okay, what am I looking at? It's surveillance camera footage. I knew the victim, Alicia Fuentes. Excuse me? I was with her that night. I met her for dinner, I took her back to her place. I had s*x with her and then I left about 1:30 a.m. Sir, I didn't kill her. You have any idea what you've done? Taking primary on a murder case where you just had s*x with the victim? Sir, I... Shut up! You don't talk! (SIGHS HEAVILY) This violates half the laws in the book, you know that, pal? I want your badge and your gun, and from this moment on, you are suspended indefinitely. Kiera : Okay, what have you got? Except for the bus footage IT girl found... Betty. Yeah, that's it. There's no security footage, no nothing. So no way to see what went on inside the building? What, do they do that in 2077? Sort of. Alec, if I could get you a complete spectrum analysis of the cellular array from the night of the murder, would you be able to analyze it for wavelength and strength? That's a fixed point near the scene? There's a cellular array on the top of Alicia's building. It's perfect. Those towers pump out a strong, steady signal like a waterfall. Any people in the building might register as a disruption in the field, like putting your hand under a running tap. I could, theoretically, map out the areas where the signal's interfered with by humans and then separate that from the architecture of the building. Then you could feed the information through my CMR and we can simulate the LIDAR function on my suit. Yeah, it might paint a perfect picture for you but it's a ton of data to sift through. But you'd have my suit to process the data. Sure. That should work. Great, so then all you have to do is hack the cell phone company's servers. No, I need raw data streams from the night in question. Access to private and government satellites and top secret measuring equipment that's listening to us or watching us 24/7. The eye in the sky, Big Brother stuff. That's a realm I can't get into, nobody can. What if you could? This is very high tech surveillance for this era. Kiera : I need those satellite codes In exchange, I will set up a surveillance net that will alert you if anyone comes within 50 feet of your yacht. You can do it? I know a guy who knows a guy... Look at you! Inspector Cameron making a joke. I'm not just a pretty face. Um, just... You know what? Send me the codes, I'll see what I can do. (REPORTERS CLAMORING) It's true I knew Alicia Fuentes. Out of respect for her I didn't wanna go public, or comment on their relationship until now. Reporter : Mr. Martin! Detective Fonnegra was suspended and is considered a suspect in the murder. You were also friends, correct? All I can say is that I refuse to believe that a highly decorated officer like Detective Fonnegra could do anything so heinous. (REPORTERS CLAMORING) (GASPS) Totally beyond cool. Kiera : So I assume this means that you tapped in. Can you access the radio spectrum data from the time of the murder? Uh, yeah, let me just figure this out. And be sure that you feed it through my suit. It looks like your suit's already doing it. It's just that it's way too much data. Okay, I think I've got it. Now, patch it into my CMR. Whoa. Kiera : It's working. I can see the shapes of people moving through the cell signals. Carlos said he left at 1:30, let's fast forward to there. What? Miss the bow chicka wow wow? I have no idea what you're doing. What, don't they have p0rn in your time? Alec, just fast forward to 1:30. (ELECTRONIC WHIRRING) Okay. She was alive when he left. (GRUNTS) (PANTING) Kiera : Did you see that off to the left? Yeah, the thing that looks like spaghetti outside the apartment? That's how he got in. Look again. That's not a he, it's a she. Oh, man. Carlos definitely didn't do it. (SCREAMS) (GASPING) (GRUNTS) Ah! (GRUNTS) (KNOCKING ON DOOR) Carlos! Why haven't you answered my calls? Are you okay? (PANTING) Yeah, there's somebody who'd like you to think that I wasn't. (EXHALES DEEPLY) Let's say, hypothetically, it was Heather, that still doesn't explain why she'd go after me. She set it up to appear that you killed yourself in guilt over strangling Alicia. That way all the loose ends are tied up nice and neat. What motive would she have for killing Alicia? I think I'll let Jim tell you that. Oh, man. (EXHALES HEAVILY) Kiera? I found something. I continued looking through satellite footage, and I followed the murderer after she left the scene. She gets into her car, the kind with the driver's wheel on the right side, I think it's a Figaro or something. Alec, that car you mentioned is sitting in the driveway. Whoa. (KNOCKING ON DOOR) You can't come in here. I'm calling our lawyer. Yeah, you should probably do that. Jim, I gotta talk to you. Sara, I'll talk with Carlos. We're just heading to the campaign office to see the election results. I've got a few minutes, what's going on? Mrs. Martin, would you mind rolling up your sleeve, please? Excuse me? What is this about? We have proof that someone was on top of Alicia's building and rappelled down to her window. Someone small, lithe, athletic? Are you saying I killed her? Are you crazy? Your prints are all over Alicia's apartment and you made several phone calls to her. You were at her apartment? What is going on here? She asked me to stop you from pestering her. Alicia wanted it to end but Jim wouldn't let her. She kept asking him to leave her alone, but he kept calling, texting, showing up at her doorstep... That's not true. She knew I didn't love her anymore. She was the one who kept showing up here. Whoa. You had an affair with Alicia? That's what this is about? That's why you wanted her dead? Don't be ridiculous. Jim's indiscretions are his own. Whoever killed Alicia tried to kill me today and I managed to cut her right arm. Roll up your sleeve. Fine. There. Are you happy? That's your car out front, isn't it? Ask her about the secret $10 million contribution that was made to Jim's campaign. Tell him about the money, Sara. You've got the integrity, the intelligence, and the balls to go as high as you want. All you needed was the extra financing to get there, but you stubbornly refused to deal with any large contributor, so I did it for you. Alicia found out. She assumed you knew. She was gonna ruin your reputation and destroy your future. But murder? I didn't know they were gonna kill her, I thought they were gonna scare her. They said they had as much to lose as you did if anybody ever found out. Who had as much to lose? Sara, who gave you the money? JIM; Tell them. Tell them! I'm scared that if I say anything else, they're gonna kill me, too. I wanna speak to my attorney. I'm gonna need you to come down to the station, I'll need a statement from the two of you. I'm already late. They're waiting for me at the campaign office. That's too bad, they're gonna have to wait a little longer. Carlos, please. I'll return the money. I didn't know. You know, I protected you, and you lied to me about Alicia about everything. It was politics, okay? It wasn't personal. (SCOFFS) We're done. So did Sara give up the source of the illegal contributions yet? No, and my guess is she won't. She knows we don't have any physical evidence tying her directly to the murder. She'll admit to the financial fraud, she'll make a plea deal... Her political career will be over,  but I doubt she'll see any jail time. At least you got Carlos off the hook. Yeah. Uh, I gotta go. (EXHALES) They dropped the obstruction of justice charges. That's great. (PHONE RINGING) (CARLOS EXHALES) Are you okay? Yeah. Jim won the election. This whole thing has been one big lie. Man, how could I have been so stupid? Rikki told me about the affair. Look, it was a long time ago, it was before we were married, and as soon as it happened I realized it was a mistake. What other secrets are you keeping from me? Do I need to pull all of your digital files? Kiera... We have this technology scanning our every move, keeping us honest so we don't have any secrets. But I always thought that if you really loved someone, your husband, your best friend that you wouldn't have to rely on tech. How naive is that? No, that's not naive. That's how it should be. Look“. I was afraid that if I told you, you'd never agree to marry me. I don't think I could risk losing you. You can always come up with an excuse to justify lying. Kiera, I love you. What can I do to make this right? I swear I will never keep a secret from you again. You really think you know somebody and you think they'll never betray you... You were just being a good friend. (CHEERING) Speaks highly of you and poorly of them. (SIGHS) Yeah, I guess. Look, I'm sorry that I kept information from you on the case. I'm sorry that I went to Jim behind your back. (SCOFFS) (CHUCKLES) Let's, uh“. Let's make a pact, huh? No more secrets from each other, 100% honesty. What do you think? I think that's where we get into trouble. Sometimes you have to do the wrong thing for the right reason, and I would rather keep a secret from you than break a promise to you. I get it. We do have a loose end. Our killer. We know she was a woman. Strong, agile. She was quite a fighter. And your friend Jim, now that he's won the election... He controls everything that goes in and out of the ports. And from there it's just a quick jump to mayor. This is the gentleman I told you about. Congratulations on your win. Now let's talk about the future. This just got a lot more complicated. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 