Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x08 - I Will Remember You - Angel 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x08 - I Will Remember You https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=154&t=9431 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 11/26/99 08:20 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x08 - I Will Remember You 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Opens with Angel winding up an old clock and setting it on the desk in his office. The clock says 8:53. He then checks the table's surface. Puts a pencil down at one end and watches it roll across his desk.  
 Cordy and Doyle watch form the outer office.  
 Cordy: "When did he get back?"  
 Doyle: "Late last night."  
 Cordy: "And?"  
 Doyle: "Ah, he seemed fine."  
 Cordy: "He saw Buffy. He was in Sunnydale for three days, tracking her and that thingymagiggy you saw in your vision. (Sighs as she looks at Angel trying to adjust his desk) Where is the crabby scowl, the morbid gloom? (Turns to Doyle) This just means that it cut deeper then usual. Batten down the hatches, here comes Hurricane Buffy."  
 Doyle: "You think? (Cordy gives an exasperated sigh.) Maybe he's over her."  
 Cordy pats Doyle on the shoulder: "You have so much to learn little Irish man."  
 Cordy turns and sees Angel take a stake out of his desk drawer testing its tip with his finger.  
 Cordy: "Oh, my God!"  
 Cordy runs into the office with Doyle right behind: "Don't do it, Angel!"  
 Doyle: "Listen to me, man, it's not worth it."  
 Angel: "It's not?"  
 Cordy: "No! You can't let her get to you like this. You'll meet someone else. Just give it some time."  
 Doyle holds out a hand: "Why don't you let me have that?"  
 Angel: "Because I need it to level my desk. (Bends down to stick the tip of it under one of the table's legs) The floor is uneven. (Straightens up with a smirk) You two thought.."  
 Cordy: "Doyle did. You know how he jumps to conclusions, - 'cause you saw Buffy."  
 Angel: "It wasn't a social call. I was there to protect her. I stayed out of sight. She didn't even know I was there."  
 Cordy: "Really? (Angel nods) So you avoided her."  
 Angel: "Look, Buffy will always going to be a part of me, and that's never going to change. But she's human and I'm (Frowns and looks down) - not. And that's also never going to change. We said our good-byes, no need to stir any of this up again."  
 Cordy: "You don't want to 'stir', but if my ex came to town and was all stalking me in the shadows and then left and then didn't even say 'hello' I'd be.."  
 Buffy from the open door: "A little upset. (Angel looks at her, his mouth dropping open) Wouldn’t you?"  
 Intro.  
 Cordy: "Buffy! - Buffy's here - in town. - What brings you to.."  
 Buffy: "I came to see my father. (Looks over at Angel) Thought I'd stop by."  
 Cordy with a fake laugh: "What a surprise!"  
 Buffy: "Cordelia how are you?"  
 Cordy: "Good. I'm good. You?"  
 Buffy looks at Angel: "I've been better."  
 Cordy: "Uh-huh. - Well, this is Doyle. And he gets visions of people in trouble."  
 Doyle: "Nice to make your.."  
 Cordy takes his arm and pulls him out of the office: "And this is us leaving you two alone."  
 Buffy closes the door behind them then turns back to Angel, who's having trouble meeting her eyes.  
 Angel: "Well, umm, it's good to.. Can I get you anything?"  
 Buffy: "How about - an explanation? - Who do you think you are coming to my town and following me around behind my back?"  
 Angel: "I'm sorry."  
 Buffy: "What is this? Some new torment you cooked up just for me?"  
 Angel: "No, I don't want to torment.."  
 Buffy: "What is it? You can see me, but I can't see you? What are we playing here?"  
 Angel: "We're not. I'm not playing anything. I wrestled with this decision.."  
 Buffy: "Which you made without me."  
 Angel: "I tried to do what I thought was right. It's complicated how this all happened, Buffy, you know? It's kind of a long story."  
 Buffy: "You're new sidekick had a vision, I was in it, you came to Sunnydale?"  
 Angel: "Okay, maybe not that long."  
 Buffy: "You didn't feel that I was important enough to even tell me that you were there."  
 Angel looks at her: "I'm trying to explain. It's because I felt that you're important that I didn't tell you."  
 Buffy: "I'm a big girl now, Angel. I'm not in High School anymore. A lot has happened in my life since you left."  
 Angel: "I know. I respect that."  
 Buffy: "And I don't need you skulking around, trying to protect me. (Angel looks away, and Buffy looks down) Unless, of course, I'm in some gigantic fight to the death, which - I was last night. That was you, helping me, wasn't it?"  
 Angel: "I was in the neighborhood - skulking."  
 Cut to Doyle and Cordy in the outer office.  
 Doyle: "So that's the Slayer."  
 Cordy: "That's our Buffy."  
 Doyle: "Well, she seemed a little.."  
 Cordy: "Bulgarian in that outfit?"  
 Doyle: "No, I was going to say hurt."  
 Cordy: "Yeah, there's a lot of that when they're together. (Picks up her purse) Come on."  
 Doyle: "Where are we going?"  
 Cordy: "Oh, they'll be into this for a while. We still have time for a cappuccino and probably the director's cut of 'Titanic'."  
 Cut to Angel and Buffy.  
 Angel: "I'm sorry if I handled this wrong. I mean, what else was I supposed to do?"  
 Buffy: "I don't know. - I just know that when you're around, whether I see you or not, - I feel you - inside - and it throws me."  
 Angel: "Throws me, too."  
 Buffy: "So let's just stick to the plan. We keep our distance until a lot of time has passed. Given enough time we should be able to.."  
 Angel: "Forget?'  
 Buffy: "Yeah. - So, I'm gonna go - start forgetting."  
 As Buffy turns to go a green skinned Samurai demon with a curved sword and a red jewel in his forehead crashes through the window behind Angel and attacks him. Angel barely avoids the first stroke of his sword by rolling across his desk.  
 Buffy: "Angel!"  
 Buffy kicks the demon back against the wall, Angel comes up and throws an ax at it.  
 Cut to Cordy and Doyle about to leave the office. They hear the fight.  
 Doyle: "Did you hear that?"  
 Cordy dismissively: "Yeah, the Angel and Buffy show. First they talk out their differences, then they punch them out."  
 Doyle: "Shouldn't we.."  
 Cordy: "Stick our noses where they don't belong and get them flattened? No thank you."  
 They leave.  
 Cut to Buffy and Angel fighting the Samurai. Angel slides across the floor, picking up the demon's sword and stabs it in the gut while it is still wrestling with Buffy. Some of its fluorescent green blood runs down the sword onto Angel's hand. The demon jumps back causing Buffy to land on top of Angel, pulls the sword out and jumps out of the window.  
 Angel and Buffy stare at each other as they slowly untangle themselves and get up.  
 Buffy: "Friend of yours?"  
 Angel: "Never saw it before."  
 Buffy: "It was rude. We should go kill it."  
 Angel: "I'm free."  
 Buffy: "Got somewhere I can change?"  
 Cut to Angel and Buffy tracking it through the sewer tunnels.  
 Angel: "It's heading towards the ocean."  
 Buffy: "Are you sure?"  
 Angel: "It's wounded. I can smell its blood."  
 Buffy: "Oh. Great. - Handy skill. (Angel stops to look at her as she continues on) Maybe if your crack staff hadn't run off at the first sign of trouble they could have helped us with some research. Find out what this thing is and why it wants to kill us."  
 Something rustles and Buffy spins around, stake in hand.  
 Angel: "It's just a rat. - So, you can put that down. (She lowers the stake slowly) It's not a vampire. I don't know why you brought that anyway."  
 Buffy: "Because I know how to use it. Besides it's a lot handier then your fighting ax."  
 Angel: "Unless he chops it in two and maybe takes some of your hand with it."  
 Buffy: "Look can we just get on with the hunting? I'd like to get this over with before dark."  
 Angel: "I can handle this myself."  
 Buffy: "You bailed me out last night. I'd like us to be even.'  
 Angel walks past her: "We're keeping score now."  
 Buffy looking around: "Are you getting anything? Because I sure smell sewer. (Angel touches a green spot on the wall of a tunnel junction, smells his fingers, then heads down that tunnel) Tunnel number one it is."  
 Cut to Angel emerging out of the mouth of a tunnel. He's blinking his eyes, frowning.  
 Buffy: "Angel? You okay?"  
 Angel: "I feel weird.'  
 Buffy with a sigh: "I know. I do, too. I mean, I only came to see you so I could tell you face-to-face not to see me - face-to-face anymore, - and I know there is a fly in the logic ointment here somewhere, but.. The next thing I knew we're being attacked by this mutant ninja demon thing, and then we're on the floor on top of each other, and it's just really confusing being around you."  
 Angel with a slight grimace: "No, I meant I felt weird from the demons blood. (Looks down at his hand) It's powerful."  
 Buffy looks away: "Oh. Okay. (Turns to walk on quickly) Let's just rewind Buffy's little outburst and pretend it never happened."  
 Angel: "No. I-It is confusing. And I.. When we're apart - it’s easier. (Buffy stares at him) It hurts - every day. But I live with it. (He slowly steps closer to her) And now you're - you're right here - and I can actually reach out.. and - it's more then confusing - it's unbearable."  
 Buffy inches closer to him: "But we have to bear, right? I mean, what else can we do? It doesn't work with us. It can't."  
 Angel: "No, I-I can't give you a life, or a future or anything a real girl would want."  
 Buffy inching closer: "No matter how much we miss each other."  
 Angel: "Or what we feel in the moment."  
 Buffy: "If we let something happen here - we'd want more. - And nothing's changed. We'd only end up having to leave each other again."  
 Angel: "And that's the best case scenario."  
 Buffy: "Oh, boy. (Turns away) I was really jonesing for another heartbreaking sewer talk."  
 Angel: "I’m sorry."  
 Buffy turns back to him angry: "You know, I'm actually on the brink of something back home. I'm actually heading towards a pretty good life now that.."  
 Angel: "I'm out of the picture. - That's why I left. I want you to have it."  
 Buffy: "Could we just - find this thing and get this finished? (Sees rungs leading up) What if it went up?"  
 Angel: "Into the day, where it knows I can't follow."  
 Buffy gets ready to go up: "But I can."  
 Angel: "Uh, I..(Reaches out to touch her then balls his hand up into a fist and pulls it back) I don't want you going after it alone."  
 Buffy: "Look, it's best all around if we just split up. I can handle it."  
 Angel after a beat: "There's a dive on Second near Beach, The Lone Bar. Demons go there sometimes when they need to get patched up."  
 Buffy starts to climb: "Got it."  
 Angel: "Be careful."  
 Cut to Angel walking in the dark tunnels. Two glowing green eyes watch him from behind. Suddenly the demon jumps out and attacks him from behind slicing across the palm of Angel's right hand as he spins around. Angel looks at the blood on his hand then vamps out and attacks. They fight. The demon slices off the head of Angel's battle-ax, and Angel manages to knock the sword out of the demon's hand. The demon pulls his short sword (about the same length as what's left of the ax handle) and they continue fighting. In the end Angel manages to grab the demon's sword hand and turns its hand to stab it in the heart with its own sword. The demon falls back as Angel stares at the glowing green blood that covers his cut right hand.  
 The blood swirls around and sinks into his cut, which closes up in front of his eyes. A light races from his right hand through his whole body as Angel collapses with a strangled cry. Angel comes back up gasping for air while we hear the sound of a heart beating.  
 Angel staring at his hand in disbelief: "I'm alive."  
 Cut to Cordy and Doyle entering the office.  
 Doyle sees the destruction in Angel's office: "Woah, when they fight.."  
 Cordy runs past him: "Oh, my God!"  
 Doyle: "What?"  
 Cordy : "She killed him! (Picks up a handful of dust) Oops! My bad. (Brushes off her hands) It's just dust I forgot to sweep under the rug."  
 Doyle: "What, are you trying to give me a heart attack?"  
 Cordy: "Hey, don't blame me if he's too cheap to hire a Cleaning Lady!"  
 The door opens and Angel walks into the outer office a dazed expression on his face.  
 Cordy: "What's wrong? What happened? - Did you do it with Buffy? (Doyle steps closer to Angel staring at his chest) Watch it, Doyle, don't get too close. - Hey, you walked in the front door - from the street! You got.."  
 Angel looking at Doyle: "Yeah."  
 Cordy: "An umbrella!"  
 Angel walks past them and stand in the sun streaming in through the window.  
 Doyle: "He's alive, Cordelia."  
 Cordy: "Alive?"  
 Angel: "Buffy and I were attacked by some kind of demon. I- I tracked it - and killed it (Holds out his right hand) A-and some of its blood mixed with mine."  
 Doyle laying two fingers on his wrist: "And you wound up with a pulse?"  
 Angel: "I want to find out what kind of a demon that was. Ow, my back. It hurts. Everything’s.."  
 Doyle: "More real, now that you're real?"  
 Angel: "Yeah. I'm mortal now. I have a mortal body. (Stares at where Cordy is standing) And I'm so - hungry!"  
 Cordy jumps out of his way as he comes charging towards her: "Look out, he's gonna eat..(Angel grabs one of the donuts sitting on the little refrigerator behind where she was standing and stuffs it in his mouth) everything in sight!"  
 Angel opens the fridge, takes a bite out of an apple: "Oh my God. Food. (Takes a bite out of something else) This is unbelievable. This is so.. (Smells the apple) You know, I forgot how good it all tastes when you're alive!"  
 Cordy: "Yeah, and they didn't even have Cookie-dough-fudge-mint-chip when you were alive."  
 Angel: "Mmm, I want some! Can you get that?"  
 Cordy: "It'll go straight to your thighs."  
 Angel still trying bites of everything: "Uhm, chocolate! Oh, (Laughs) chocolate!"  
 Doyle: "All right, all right, we need to focus here. We need to try and find out.."  
 Angel talking with his mouth full: "I love chocolate! (Drinks out of a yogurt container and makes a face) Uh, but not, as it turns out, yogurt. Urgh!"  
 Doyle: "Orsen! We're in a situation here."  
 Angel: "Right. (Takes a deep breath and closes the fridge) I know. You're right. Let me think - and now my stomach's killing me. - Cordelia, find Buffy. She' in Santa Monica near the Lone Star. Tell her I killed the demon."  
 Cordy turns to go: "Okay."  
 Angel: "Oh, wait! Don't tell her what's happened to me. Not until I know what it means."  
 Cordy: "All right."  
 Cut to a woodcut of the demon in a book.  
 Angel: "That's it."  
 Doyle: "It's called a Mohra demon. They're pretty powerful assassins, soldiers of darkness kind of thing. They take out warriors for our side, like you and Buffy. (Quotes from book) 'Needs vast amounts of salt to live'."  
 Angel: "It was heading towards salt water."  
 Doyle quoting: "'Veins run with the blood of eternity.' There it is. Its blood has regenerative properties."  
 Angel staring fascinated at his reflection in a window: "Which explains what happened to me. But it doesn't explain why."  
 Doyle closes the book: "Hey, what difference does it make, man? The demon's dead, you're alive! It's happy fun time."  
 Angel spins to confront Doyle: "What's going on here, Doyle?"  
 Doyle: "I don't know. I thought the only way for you to be made mortal was if the Powers-That-Be stepped in."  
 Angel: "What, they could have done this? How come I keep getting the feeling that you're not telling me everything."  
 Doyle: "Because I'm not. We're both on a need to know basis here."  
 Angel pacing: "I need to know about this. Is this permanent? Am I - am I normal Joe now? Can I have a normal life? I want to speak to the Powers-That-Be."  
 Doyle: "Woah, woah, woah! That's easier said then done, bud. The Powers-That-Be don't live in our reality. You have to approach them through channels. Dangerous channels."  
 Angel: "Yeah, you know what? Start approaching!"  
 Doyle: "All right. All right. Maybe we can try the Oracles. But hey, if they turn you into a toad - don't say I didn't warn you."  
 Cut to Angel and Doyle in some underground chamber. There is a white stone arc in one wall.  
 Angel reading the foreign inscription above it: "'The Gateway for Lost Souls' (Turns to Doyle) is under the post office?"  
 Doyle: "It makes sense if you think about it. Now listen, the Oracles are finicky and unpredictable. You do get in, don't dilly-dally. Ask your questions, get out."  
 Angel: "Aren't you coming?"  
 Doyle: "Not allowed. I'm just a lowly messenger, you're a warrior.. if your heart is pure - and I do this right.. (Puts some herbs in an urn) 'We beseech access to the knowing ones..' We may just survive. (Put a lighter to the urn and it fills with high flames. The arc glows and fills with light) You're in."  
 Angel steps through the light into a white marble chamber. Two glittery figures confront him.  
 Man: "Come before us, lower being."  
 Woman: "What have you brought us?"  
 Angel: "Was I supposed to.."  
 Man: "You call us forth and bring us no offering?"  
 Angel takes off his wristwatch: "I brought you this."  
 Woman holds out her hand and the watch flies to her: "I like Time. There is so little and so much of it."  
 Man: "Well?"  
 Angel: "What's happened to me?"  
 Woman steps to one side of Angel: "It's true then, brother."  
 Man on Angel's other side: "He is no longer a warrior."  
 Angel: "It was the demon's blood. It wasn't the Powers-That-Be that did this?"  
 Man: "The Powers-That-Be? Did you save humanity? Avert the Apocalypse?"  
 Woman: "You faced a Mohra demon. Life goes on."  
 Angel: "My life as a human. I'm not poisoned or under some spell?"  
 Woman looks up, after a beat: "The Auguries say no. If it has happened it was meant to be."  
 Man: "From this day, you will live and die as any mortal man."  
 Woman: "Privy to all the attendant pains - and pleasures."  
 Man: "That which we serve is no longer that which you serve. You are released from your fealty."  
 The woman and man walk away form him.  
 Angel: "That's it? I'm free?"  
 Man holds up his hand and Angel goes flying backwards out of the arc to land on top of Doyle.  
 Doyle helps him up: "Angel, it didn't work?"  
 Angel: "Yes, it did."  
 Doyle: "You just went in this instant."  
 Angel staring at the arc: "What?"  
 Doyle: "Look at your watch."  
 Angel: "I can't do that, Doyle. Next time remind me to bring a gift?"  
 Doyle: "I knew I forgot something. So, what happened? What did they say?"  
 Angel: "They're a little confusing, but.. - the gist of it is - it's real. - I'm free."  
 Doyle: "I can't believe this."  
 Angel: "Me either. I mean, what do I do now? - I have this whole new life spread before me. I don't know where to begin."  
 Doyle: "Right. It's overwhelming. You can pretty much do what ever you want now. The question is, what do you want?"  
 Cut to Buffy walking in a park overlooking the beach. She feels something and turns around to see Angel stepping through a shadowed arch in a hedge. She watches as he walks out into the sun towards her and they kiss.  
 Cut to the Clock on Angel desk. It's five o'clock.  
 Cordy fussing over a sickly plant: "This plant was thriving just this morning. Now look at it. I'm telling you where she leads, dark forces follow."  
 Doyle: "Buffy gave it mites?"  
 Cordy sits down on the couch beside him: "How else do you explain it?"  
 Doyle: "Jealousy?"  
 Cordy: "I'm jealous of her? Oh, please!"  
 Doyle: "It's just a theory."  
 Cordy: "Jealous or not, our lives are about to kaleidoscope."  
 Doyle: "How do you figure. Angel's only been human a day."  
 Cordy: "The last 2 1/2 hours of which they've spent down there in his apartment - together."  
 Doyle: "So? Don't they deserve a little happiness after all they've been through?"  
 Cordy sighs: "Let me explain the lore here, okay? They suffer, they fight. That's business as usual. They get groiny with each other, the world as we know it falls apart."  
 Doyle: "Well, he's not cursed anymore. And anyway, you can't be sure that they're.."  
 Cordy: "Oh, please! They've got the forbidden love of all time. They have been apart for months. Now he's suddenly human? I'm sure they are down there just having tea and crackers."  
 Cut to Angel and Buffy sitting at opposite sides of his kitchen table.  
 Angel pours some tea: "Would you like some more?"  
 Buffy: "No, thank you."  
 Angel: "I'm really sorry I kissed you like that."  
 Buffy: "You are?"  
 Angel: "Well, not for the kiss itself.."  
 Buffy sighs: "Good. I mean, 'cause - as far as kisses go I thought it was well above average."  
 Angel: "It was incredible. I just - I-I think, maybe we'd be asking for trouble rushing back into things. (Buffy looks at him) Not that I don't want to - rush. Believe me, I do."  
 Buffy: "Right. You spoke to the Oracles and they said you were cured for good. But how do we know that they really speak for the Powers? I mean they could be - pranksters."  
 Angel: "Or there could be another loophole."  
 Buffy: "Exactly. And then the two of us would be in even deeper and it’s 'grr' all over again."  
 Angel: "It would be smart to wait a while. See if this mortal thing takes."  
 Buffy: "Exactly. And even if it does, it's still complicated."  
 Angel: "You're still the Slayer. And I'm not sure what I am now. I don't know what my purpose is. I can't just wedge myself into your life back in Sunnydale. It wouldn't be good for either of us. Not to mention the fact that you just started college. And what about slaying. I mean, if you had me to worry about, you might not be as focused."  
 Buffy: "Are you going to pull out a pie chart on me now? Because I get it, it's not necessary."  
 Angel gets up with a sigh and moves to the chair next to her: "I'm not saying I don't want you. You know how much.. I'm just saying it's worth the wait to be sure this is right. I need to be sure you won't get hurt again."  
 Buffy gets up: "You know it's a good thing I didn't fantasize about you turning human only about 10 zillion times, because today would have been a real let down. - So how does the mature plan go? You call me? I call you? What?"  
 Angel gets up and steps over to her: "We stay in touch - just not.."  
 Buffy: "Literally. - Funny. (They stare at each other, then Buffy walks past him) Okay, I'd better.."  
 Angel turns to look after her: "Right. Remove the temptation."  
 Buffy spins back towards him: "So, we'll - talk soon."  
 Buffy puts her hand on top of his on the counter. They both stare down at their hands. Angel turns his hand to grab hers then reaches out and pulls her into a kiss. They stumble up against the fridge and Buffy jumps up to wrap her legs around his waist. Still kissing, Angel carries her over to the kitchen table, sweeps the stuff on it on the floor and lays her down on it.  
 Cut to later.  
 Buffy yells: "Peanut butter, preferably crunchy!"  
 Angel's head pops up above the door of the fridge: "I got it."  
 His arms piled with food he makes his way back to the bedroom with some strategically placed props all that's preserving his dignity.  
 He dumps the stuff on the bed and slips under the sheet.  
 Buffy wearing a black robe smiles at him: "The perfect yum. (Angel feeds her a spoon of ice cream) Mmm, this is a dream. You're human for like a minute and already there is Cookie-dough-fudge-mint-chip in the fridge."  
 Angel: "God, I love food."  
 Buffy feeds him some ice cream on a chocolate waffle: "Food is good."  
 They kiss.  
 Angel: "Why didn't you ever tell me about chocolate and peanut butter?"  
 Buffy: "Well, I figured if your vamp taste buds couldn't really savor it, then it would only hurt you, you know? By the way, I'm over the whole needing to be mature thing. That time you just spent in the kitchen? That was enough time apart."  
 Angel with a smile: "Too much."  
 They kiss and some ice cream drips from his spoon on his chest.  
 Angel: "Okay, mortal coordination leaving something to be desired."  
 Buffy: "Wrong. It's just right."  
 Angel laughs as she licks up the ice cream then pulls her down into a kiss.  
 Cut to Doyle and Cordy drinking at a bar.  
 Cordy: "Well, this is working out nicely! I'm out of a job."  
 Doyle: "Hey! It's not just you, you know?"  
 Cordy: "Oh, please. Who are *you* kidding? You're glad it happened."  
 Doyle: "Hey, I'm glad for Angel, but if that means I'm off the hook with the Powers-That-Be as well, all the better. I'm finally free to go out in the world and make me own mark in the world."  
 Cordy: "We had a cat that used to do that. (Puts her head down on the bar) Oh god, what am I going to do? I'm good for exactly two things: International Superstardom, or helping a vampire with a soul to rid the world of evil. That makes for a short but - colorful resume."  
 Doyle: "Well, what ever happens form here on out, at least I will be able to say good-bye to them bone-crushing, head-wrenching, mind-numbing visions."  
 His head hits the bar as we cut to blurred pictures of the Mohra demon attacking Angel.  
 Cordy: "What do you see?"  
 Doyle: "We got trouble."  
 
 
 
 Cut to Angel and Buffy lying peacefully in bed.  
 Buffy with her head on Angel's chest: "It's a good sound. Thump-thump. Thump-thump."  
 Angel smiles: "It feels pretty amazing."  
 Buffy: "I'm so glad we didn't logic ourselves out of this. We'll make it work, right?"  
 Angel: "We will."  
 Buffy: "Oh, I'm so sleepy, - but I still want.."  
 Angel: "What? You couldn't possibly.. Not that I wouldn't.."  
 Buffy: "No, no. I'm spent. Pleasantly numb even. You?"  
 Angel smiles: "For now."  
 Buffy: "No, I - want to stay awake - so this day can keep happening."  
 Angel kisses her on the forehead: "Sleep. We'll make another one like it tomorrow."  
 Buffy sleepy: "Angel? This is the first time I ever really felt this way."  
 Angel: "What way?"  
 Buffy: "Just like I've always wanted to. Like a normal girl, falling asleep in the arms of her normal boyfriend. It's perfect."  
 Angel kisses the top of her head as she falls asleep.  
 Cut to later. Angel is watching Buffy sleep. He hears the door open and gets up, careful not to wake Buffy.  
 Cut to Angel coming out of the bedroom shrugging into a robe as Doyle comes down the stairs.  
 Doyle: "Hey, that (Angel holds up his hand for him to keep his voice down and Doyle continues more softly) Mohra demon regenerated more then just you."  
 Angel: "What?"  
 Doyle: "I had a vision. It regenerated itself."  
 Angel: "Where?"  
 Doyle: "In the tunnel where you fought it. Then it was in some sort of factory. I thought I tasted salt. Could have been the margarita."  
 Angel pacing: "No, it needs a lot of salt to live."  
 Doyle: "Well, it was very much alive in this vision, and angry if I might mention."  
 Angel: "I'll have to kill it again."  
 Doyle: "Yeah, but you're human now. They released you."  
 Angel pulling on some pants: "You want to let that thing roam free? You saw it in a factory. There is a saline plant in Redondo, We'll start there."  
 Doyle: "Yeah, but if it can regenerate itself, how can you kill it?"  
 Angel: "We'll figure it out. Just grab the book of Kelsor. You’ll read, I'll drive. (When Doyle stays silent) Doyle?"  
 Doyle looks at Buffy sleeping on Angel's bed: "I think we should bring someone a little - supernatural?"  
 Angel pulls a sweater over his head and looks where Doyle is looking.  
 Doyle: "Don't you want to wake the girl?"  
 Angel: "Not for the world."  
 Cut to the saline plant.  
 Doyle reading in book: "Okay. This is not good. It doesn't just come back - it comes back bigger and stronger. I think we should go back and get Buffy."  
 Angel: "I know what I'm doing."  
 Doyle: "This isn't your average demon we're fighting here. It nearly licked you before and now your mortal."  
 Angel: "If this thing with me and Buffy is going to work, I need to be able do this on my own. I can't keep risking her life every time some minion of hell.. Just tell me how to kill it."  
 Doyle reads from book: "Uh, 'It regenerates until the dark future it envisions is upon us.' Oh, 'to kill the beast one must bring darkness to 1000 eyes'."  
 Angel: "Funny, I only saw two."  
 Doyle: "Keep up the glib. It makes me feel like we have a chance. (Angel sees two corpses and gags from the smell) Take it easy, mate."  
 Angel coughing: "The blood."  
 Doyle supporting him: "It's never an easy sight. It's part of being human now."  
 Angel: "I'm going to kill that thing."  
 Doyle: "Just remember that it's brutal, deadly, and (looks up) here!"  
 The Mohra jumps down on them from above and they start fighting it. They're clearly overmatched and Doyle gets knocked out pretty early. Angel keeps getting back up, but the thing is pretty much wiping the floor with him and he finally turns to run.  
 Cut to Cordy putting sticky notes on things in the office.  
 Buffy comes in: "Angel? - Cordelia."  
 Cordy hold up and ornate ax: "Is this antique?"  
 Buffy: "Byzantine."  
 Cordy puts it down: "Mmm."  
 Buffy: "Where is Angel?"  
 Cordy shrugs: "I've decided not to feel sorry for myself. I'm taking matters into my own hands, organizing a little 'going out of business' sale to subsidize the severance package Angel never bothered setting up for me."  
 Buffy: "Did he leave a message about where he went?"  
 Cordy: "You know I'm in real pain here and all you can do is talk about Angel. Has it even occurred to you how this whole turning human thing might affect me?"  
 Buffy: "Regrettably - no. Look, if you know where he is, just tell me?"  
 Cordy with a sigh: "He told me not to tell you."  
 Buffy: "Is he in trouble? (Cordy makes a face) Cordelia, what are we, in second grade here? Tell me!"  
 Cordy: "Oh, you want to talk about being mature? Maybe it's time that *you* grew up and realized that you can't have everything. You can't have Angel and save the world. And anyway, it's your fault that he went to fight that thing by himself without.."  
 Buffy: "What thing?"  
 Cut to Angel just trying to stay alive as the Mohra demon keeps coming after him. Angel climbs on the lid of a salt silo and when the demon jumps up and hits him they both crash through.  
 Mohra putting a foot on Angel's neck: "The end of days has begun and can’t be stopped. For anyone of us that falls, *ten* shall rise."  
 As the Mohra lifts his sword to stab Angel Buffy jumps down on it from above, knocking it off Angel.  
 Buffy got the demon's sword: "You hurt my boyfriend."  
 Mohra: "A great darkness is coming."  
 Buffy: "You got that right."  
 They fight. Mohra manages to wrap its morgenstern around Buffy's sword and pull it from her hand. Buffy kicks it into the wall.  
 Buffy: "Come on, this is the great warrior of darkness?"  
 They fight some more. Buffy manages to step on the chain of its morgenstern and kick the demon so it has to let go of it. It picks her up and throws her into the wall.  
 Mohra: "Together you were powerful. Alone, you are dead. (Picks her up by her throat) What do you think of the great warrior now?"  
 Angel picks up a handful of salt: "Little bland. (Throws it in the demon's eyes and it drops Buffy) Needs salt."  
 Angel tries to help Buffy up, but the Mohra grabs him and throws him across the silo. Buffy and the demon keep fighting.  
 Angel looks up at the demon: "The light of a thousand eyes.. The jewel in its forehead! You have to smash the jewel."  
 Buffy picks up the morgenstern and does just that.  
 Mohra: "No!"  
 The demon vanishes in a bright light.  
 Buffy runs over to Angel and takes his head in her lap.  
 Angel: "Buffy, are you all.."  
 Buffy: "Shh, you're all right. That's all that matters. Shh, you're all right. (Kisses the top of his head) And it's over. And we're together."  
 Cut to the Oracles.  
 Man: "You again."  
 Woman: "What have you brought me?"  
 Angel: "Famille Rose vase. (Throws her a black vase) Ching dynasty. Circa 1811."  
 Woman: "Lovely."  
 Man: "Why are you here, lower being?"  
 Angel: "The Mohra demon said the end of days had begun. That others were coming, soldiers of darkness. I need to know if he was telling the truth."  
 Man: "As far as such things can be told."  
 Angel: "What happens to the Slayer when these soldiers come?"  
 Woman: "What happens to all mortal beings. Albeit sooner in her case."  
 Angel: "She'll die? - Then I'm here to beg for her life."  
 The Oracles turn and walk away: "It is not our place to grant life or death."  
 Angel: "And I ask you to take mine back. (The oracles stop walking and turn back to him) Look I can't protect her or anyone this way, not as a man."  
 Woman: "You're asking to be what you were, a demon with a soul, because of the Slayer?"  
 Man turns to leave again: "Oh, this is a matter of love. It does not concern us."  
 Angel: "Yes, it does. The Mohra demon came to take a warrior from your cause - and it succeeded. I'm no good to you like this. I know you have it in your power to make this right. Please."  
 Man: "What is done can not be undone."  
 Woman: "What is not yet done can be avoided."  
 Man: "Temporal folds are not to indulge at - the whims of lower beings."  
 Woman: "You are wrong. This one is willing to sacrifice every drop of human happiness and love he has ever known for another. He is not a lower being."  
 Man: "There is one way. But it is not to be undertaken lightly."  
 Woman: "We swallow this day, as though it had never happened. Twenty-four hours from the moment the demon first attacked you, we take it back."  
 Angel licks his lips: "Then none of this happened and Buffy and I.. What - what'll stop us from doing the exact same thing again?"  
 Woman: "You. You alone will carry the memory of this day. - Can you carry that burden?"  
 Cut to the clock on Angel's desk. It's 8:56.  
 Buffy wearing a long flowery dress is pacing Angel's apartment. Angel comes down the steps to his apartment.  
 Buffy: "I'm guessing that expression isn't because they were all out of fresh OJ at the deli. - What happened?"  
 Angel: "Nothing happened. - I just.."  
 Buffy: "Where have you been?"  
 Angel: "I went to see the Oracles. I asked them to turn me back."  
 Buffy: "What? - Why?"  
 Angel: "Because more then ever I know how much I love you."  
 Buffy backs away from him: "No. No, you didn't."  
 Angel follows her: "And if I stayed mortal one of us would wind up dead, maybe both of us. You heard what Mohra said."  
 Buffy: "Mohra is dead. We killed him."  
 Angel: "He said others would come."  
 Buffy: "They always come. And they always will. But that's my problem now, not yours, remember?"  
 Angel: "No, I won't just stand by and let you fight, maybe die, alone."  
 Buffy: "Then we fight together."  
 Angel: "You saw what happened last night. If anything I'm a liability to you. You take chances to protect me, and that's not just bad for you, it's bad for the people we were meant to help."  
 Buffy: "So what? You just took a whole 24 hours to weigh the ups and downs of being a regular Joe and decided it was more fun being a superhero?"  
 Angel: "You know that's not it. How can we be together if the cost is your life, or the lives of others? (Buffy just stares at him and after a moment he takes her into his arms) I know. I couldn't tell you. I wasn't sure - if I could do it if I woke up with you one more morning."  
 Buffy sniffling: "I understand. - So, what happens now?'  
 Angel: "The Oracles are giving us back the day, turning back time, so I can kill Mohra before his blood makes me mortal."  
 Buffy: "When?"  
 Angel looks over at the clock (it's 9:00): "Another minute."  
 Buffy crying: "A minute? No. No, it's not enough time!"  
 Angel: "We don't have a choice. It's done."  
 Buffy: "How am I supposed to go on with my life knowing what we had? What we could have had?"  
 Angel: "You won't. No one will know but me."  
 Buffy: "Everything we did."  
 Angel: "It never happened."  
 Buffy shakes her head: "It did. It did. I know it did! (Puts her hand on his heart) I felt your heart beat."  
 Angel: "Buffy.."  
 They kiss. Buffy looks over at the clock. The minute is almost up.  
 Buffy: "No! Oh God. It's not enough time."  
 Angel is crying too now: "Shh, please. Please."  
 The hold each other tightly both crying.  
 Angel: "Please, please."  
 Buffy: "No. I'll never forget. I'll never forget. I'll never forget. I'll never forget."  
 White flash dissolves to Angel's office the previous day.  
 Angel is leaning against his desk blinking, looking around. Buffy is standing next to the door.  
 Buffy: "So, then let's just stick to the plan. Keep our distance until a lot of time has passed, and given enough time - we should be able to.."  
 Angel stares at her and swallows hard: "Forget."  
 Buffy: "Yeah. - So - I'm gonna go - start forgetting."  
 The Mohra crashes through the window behind Angel with a scream. Angel just turns, grabs the clock from his desk and coolly smashes the Mohra's jewel with it. The Mohra goes up in a flash of light.  
 Buffy slightly stunned: "That was unreal. - How did you know how to kill it?"  
 Angel: "It's a Mohra demon. I - I had a lot of time to catch up on my reading."  
 Buffy nods slowly: "Yeah. Okay. - So I guess we've covered it, right?"  
 Angel: "I guess we did."  
 Buffy: "And that's all there really is to say."  
 Angel takes a deep breath and looks down on the smashed clock. It stopped at 9:02. When he turns back Buffy is already leaving the outer office.  
 Angel: "Yeah. - That's it." 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 