Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x09 - Hero - Angel 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x09 - Hero https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=154&t=9432 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/03/99 03:00 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x09 - Hero 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on Angel:  
 Buffy lays her hand on Angel's chest: "I felt your heart beat. I'll never forget. I'll never forget."  
 Angel fighting the Mohra demon.  
 Angel: "The Mohra demon said that the end of days had begun that others were coming, soldiers of darkness?"  
 Doyle looking after Cordy.  
 Doyle: "She's really something, isn't she?"  
 Angel: "You want to ask Cordelia out, just do it yourself."  
 Doyle: "What ever you do, don't let her in on me being half demon."  
 Doyle sneezing, and going demon face.  
 Cordy: "Ugh! Demons, is there anything more disgusting? - Maybe your right. Maybe he has hidden depths, I mean really, really hidden."  
 Angel: "There's definitely more to Doyle then meets the eye."  
 Doyle: "We all have something to atone for."  
 Cordy: "Nice guys don't always finish last."  
 Doyle: "You think I'm a nice guy?"  
 Cut to LA at night.  
 Cordy voice over: "Okay, we fade up on an aerial shot, downtown, skyscrapers, lights, yada, yada, yada. We hear a narrator, preferably famous - maybe that bald Star Trek guy or one of the cheaper Baldwins, and he says: 'it's a big, bad city out there.' Cut to a woman walking down a dark, spooky street - alone. We'll cast some beautiful, young actress, maybe an up-and-coming starlet whose carrier is on the verge of taking off (we see Cordy walking down a dark street). Anyway, she's all nervous, right? Mucho vulnerable. The voice guy says: 'danger lurks around every corner.' Boom! She's attacked by a big, ugly goon, with a knife. She screams: 'help! Is there no one to help me?' 'Well now there is someone to answer your call. (We see a dark figure in a long trench coat) He'll protect you, (dark guy beats up big, ugly goon), catch you when you fall! You can count on it. (Camera pulls in on Angel's face and he says:) And you can count on me, because I'm the Dark Avenger."  
 Cut to Angel sitting behind his desk looking up at Cordy who's holding a video camera in her hands.  
 Angel: " I'm the what?"  
 Cordy: "The Dark Avenger."  
 Angel: "I'm the Dark Avenger."  
 Cordy: "I know, it's perfect! We can do it ourselves on High 8. I'll charm a post-production house into doing the effects and... (Angel gets up and walks off) Look, I know a little something about self-promotion, Angel, and I'm telling you one commercial like this could get us out of the red - or the black - or which ever one means we're broke, because that's us. (Angel steps into the elevator and closes the grate) So what? Buffy blows into to town and puts you into a permanent funk (Elevator goes down) and I'm just supposed to stand by and watch our business go belly up?"  
 Doyle: "He's not entirely wrong, you know? (Cordy walks past him) Look, all I'm saying is advertising a superhero that can't really go out in the daylight might raise vampire suspicions, not to mention our pesky lack of an investigator's license."  
 Cordy: "And who needs a license when we have no clients?"  
 Doyle: "We'll manage, princess. We always do."  
 Cordy: "We will if we project the right image. And now I'm suddenly thinking that Angel is all wrong for this commercial! He is a larger-than-life character, way to Braveheart for Joe-Couch-potato to relate to. We need someone who's - average, (looks Doyle up and down), run of the mill, ordinary. (Smiles) You're perfect."  
 Doyle: "While I appreciate the compliment, it’s just..."  
 Cordy: "Come over here into the light, and let's see if we can create some cheekbones."  
 Doyle: "Cordelia, I'm not the photogenic type. Plus I get dry mouth.'  
 Cordy grabs him by his shirtfront: "Excuse me? This is not a negotiation. This is a necessity. Our boss is in a funk. You *know* that he's only happy when he's fighting evil. Now let's drum up some!"  
 Doyle: "I don't know what we need evil for when we got you right here."  
 Cordy: "I heard that!"  
 Intro  
 Cut to Doyle seen through the viewfinder of the video camera.  
 Doyle: "If you need help. Then look no further. Angel Investigations is the best! - Our rats are low."  
 Cordy: "Our rates!"  
 Doyle points to the papers taped on the windows behind her: "It says 'rats'. - Our rates are low, but our standards are high. When the chips are down, and you're at the end of your rope you need someone that you can count on. And that's what you'll find here - someone that will go all the way, no matter what. So don't lose hope. Come on over to our offices and you'll see that there's still heroes in this world. (Clears throat) Is that it? Am I done?"  
 Cordy stops camera: "I don't know. I'm not getting every man, I'm getting - weasel. We don't want weasel?"  
 Doyle: "I don't know. I think people will be pouring in as soon as they hear about our low rats. - I could take another crack at it."  
 Cordy takes down the cue cards: "I don't think so."  
 Doyle: "Weasel factor, huh?"  
 Cordy: "Doyle, I didn't mean it like that. I'm sorry. I'm just... I feel kind of hopeless with him down there doing the non-profit brooding. It's not like he has a heart. How could it be so broken?"  
 Doyle: "I guess seeing Buffy again just got him where he lives."  
 Cordy: "That's all very sad, but we live here too."  
 Doyle: "I'll talk to him."  
 Cordy: "Maybe if we get him a costume!"  
 Doyle: "A costume?"  
 Cordy: "Well, the guy is a bona fide hero, would it kill him to put on some tights and a cape and garner us some free publicity?"  
 Doyle: "I don't see Angel putting on some tights... (Takes a deep breath and shakes his head) Ah, now I do, and it's really disturbing."  
 Cut to Angel working out against a punching bag.  
 Doyle: "Hey. Is this a private catharsis or can anyone watch?"  
 Angel still punching the bag: "What do you want?"  
 Doyle: "Well, there's a girl upstairs who's not quite sad enough to cry in may arms, but keep up the dark cloud. I might get lucky."  
 Angel punching: "I just need some time."  
 Doyle: "Believe me I know. Last time I saw my ex, she was around for five minutes and I was a wreck for days. Amazing how they can do that to you."  
 Angel quits punching: "Buffy was here for more then five minutes."  
 Doyle: "Okay, 10, but who's counting?"  
 Angel sits down on the sofa: "Actually she was here for a whole day and night."  
 Doyle: "Alright. One of us has been drinking and I’m sad to say, it's not me."  
 Angel wipes his face with a towel and gets back up: "Who are the Oracles, Doyle? Why didn't you tell me about them before?"  
 Doyle: "The Oracles? Who told you about the Oracles?"  
 Angel: "The first time the Mohra demon attacked it got away."  
 Doyle: "What first time?"  
 Angel: "Look, I tracked it, I killed it, some of its blood mixed with mine. It made me mortal. That's when you took me to see the Oracles to find out what it meant."  
 Doyle: "No, see, I'm going remember a trip to the netherworld of eternal watching. That's just not something that happens every day."  
 Angel sits down in a chair: "The Oracles told me that I was released from my duty. Buffy and I were together until - we realized it couldn't be. - We don't belong to ourselves. We belong to the world, fighting. - So, I went back to the Oracles and I asked them to turn back the clock... as though that day had never happened."  
 Doyle: "Human. You were a real live flesh-and-blood human - and you and Buffy... You had the one thing in your unnaturally long life and you gave it back?!"  
 Angel: "Maybe I was wrong?"  
 Doyle: "Or maybe Cordelia was right about you being the real deal in the hero department. See, I would have chosen the pleasures of the flesh over duty and honor any day of the week. I just don't have that strength.'  
 Angel: "You never know your strength until you're tested."  
 Doyle: "Come on, you lived and loved and lost and fought and vanquished inside a day, and I'm still trying to work up the courage to ask Cordy out for dinner, not to mention the part about telling her that I'm half demon. - That should probably come first, huh?"  
 Angel: "Well, the Oracles said something bad is coming. 'Soldier of Darkness ushering in the end of days' kind of bad."  
 Doyle: "So much for the security of long-term savings bonds, huh?"  
 Angel: "I feel something coming, Doyle. I don't know what, but I know we're a part of it."  
 Doyle: "Well, if it's a fight they want - can't someone else give it to them? (Angel smiles) It seems unfair, you know? You gotta save all the helpless types around here and now you've got to fight the apocalypse as well?"  
 Angel gets up: "It's all the same thing. Fight the good fight - whichever way you can."  
 Doyle: "Tell you what, you fight - and I’ll keep score."  
 Cut Cordy and Doyle sitting on the steps in the lobby.  
 Cordy: "Angel started the day over knowing he'd remember everything that happened?"  
 Doyle: "That's pretty amazing, huh?"  
 Cordy: "Uh, amazing that he didn't check the stock quotes or the lotto numbers. Angel should have told us what happened. We can't keep secrets from each other."  
 Doyle: "No we can't - You know I've been doing a lot of thinking about secrets and what not. I know my marriage would have stood a better chance if me and Harriet really just - talked more, really let each other in."  
 Cordy: "So how is she? You two keeping in touch?"  
 Doyle: "She's decided to stay in LA."  
 Cordy: "Oh. So, you'll probably be seeing a lot of each other then."  
 Doyle: "Well, not right away. We both need to get on with our lives."  
 Cordy: "Getting on is good."  
 Doyle: "Yeah, because if I want a relationship that's going to last, I need to put a few cards on the table."  
 Cordy: "Such as...?"  
 Doyle: "The thing of it is, - I'm a little bit more then meets the... (Presses a hand to his head as he gets hit by a vision). Ow!"  
 Cordy as a girl walks by: "Oh, Uh, I know this one! Ah, mask - mask head, ah, the man with two brains!"  
 Cut to blurred pictures of a brick building and some people huddled together.  
 Cordy: "What ever you saw just now - did they look like they could afford to pay?"  
 Cut to a little demon girl running down a street at night. There is a sound of heavy boot treads in the background. The girl drops the box she is carrying, and quickly gathers the stuff back up, clearly afraid. As she turns to continue her flight a hand covers her mouth. A demon boy pulls her down some steps and they huddle watching as a bunch of army boots jog by.  
 Cut to Angel and Doyle searching the old brick building for the people Doyle saw in his vision. The place is deserted and really run down. There are a holes in the walls.  
 Doyle: "Pretty low rent, even by demon standards."  
 Angel: "You said they were hiding. It's a good place for it."  
 They enter a room with a meal still sitting on the table.  
 Angel: "Doyle."  
 Doyle: "Signs of life."  
 Angel: "I smell something."  
 Doyle tastes the food: "Still warm. They left in a hurry."  
 Angel: "Not food. (Throws a carpet aside revealing a trap door) Fear."  
 They open the trap door and shine their flashlights into it revealing a huddled mass of demons of all ages.  
 Angel: "Don't be afraid. It's okay. We're here to help."  
 Cut to all of them sitting in the room.  
 Demon man: "We gave all out money to a man who promised to get us passports and safe passage on a ship. We didn't know. It was stupid of us. He disappeared with our money and the ship never came."  
 Angel: "Where were you going?"  
 Demon: "Briole. Small island off the coast of Equador. Others of our kind have found sanctuary there."  
 Angel: "Sanctuary from whom?"  
 The two demon kids form the street come rushing in.  
 Boy: "They're close. They almost got us. We lost half of our supplies."  
 Elder demon puts a hand on the boy's shoulder: "Rieff, we have a guest. It’s the promised one."  
 Rieff: "Terrific."  
 Angel clears his throat: "I think there's been some kind of misunderstanding?"  
 Elder: "Oh, I don't think so. Many of our prophecies are cryptic, but on one thing they are all clear: In the final days of this century the promised one will appear and save us from the Scourge."  
 Angel: "The Scourge."  
 Rieff: "He doesn't even know who they are. How's he supposed to protect us from them?"  
 Elder: Rieff..."  
 Rieff: "They're coming and no matter how many promised guys you throw at them, they're not going to stop until every last one of us is dead. - You're going to get us all killed."  
 Walks out.  
 Elder to Angel: "He's young. I'm sorry. Excuse me."  
 Cut to Doyle staring out the window.  
 Angel to Doyle: "We need to deal with this. They think I'm some promised savior. - What?"  
 Doyle: "The Scourge."  
 Angel: "You know them. What are they?"  
 Doyle: "Death."  
 Cut to a younger Doyle walking into his apartment. He locks the door, drops his jacket then takes the cigarette out of his mouth and picks up a baseball bat.  
 Doyle: "Who's there?"  
 Lukas: "A friend.'  
 Doyle: "I don't have any friends."  
 Lukas: "All right. Maybe I'm more of a relative (steps into the light to show Doyle his spiky demon face) who's in trouble and needs help."  
 Doyle: "What the hell are you talking about? And who the hell are you?"  
 Lucas: "My name is Lucas. I'm a Brachen demon, like yourself. My clan is from Oregon. We've been living in the woods there, safe – until - they came. Not all of us escaped."  
 Doyle: "I don't know what you think I can do. I've got problems of my own."  
 Lucas: "They know we're here. They're coming for us."  
 Doyle: "What are you talking about? Who's coming for you?"  
 Lucas: "The Scourge."  
 Doyle: "Who the hell is that? (Blend to Doyle talking to Angel) An army of pureblooded demons. They have a big hate-on for us mixed heritage types. Very into pedigree. They hunt us down like animals."  
 Angel: "No one fights back?"  
 Doyle: "Sure they do. All the time. You can kill them, but these guys believe in what they're doing. They're ready to die for the cause."  
 Angel: "Hard to fight fanatics."  
 Doyle: "More like impossible."  
 Cut back to the past.  
 Lucas: "I'm not asking you to fight, just help us hide until we can get out of town.'  
 Doyle: "You got the wrong guy, pal. You want to set up a little off-track betting then I've got the know-how. But demon-hiding? It's not my line."  
 Lucas: "You're one of us."  
 Doyle: "No, I'm not. I was raised human. I'm not looking to explore me roots.'  
 Lucas: "We don't have anyone else to turn to."  
 Doyle sits down: "Look, I don't know what to tell you, man. You're up against something real big here. Anybody that helps you – They’re taking a chance. And I'm not dying to take chances."  
 Lucas: "Doyle, if you don't believe that we share a common family, believe that we share a common enemy. Doesn't that mean anything to you? (Doyle stays quiet and Lucas turns to leave) Guess not."  
 Cut back to Angel and Doyle.  
 Doyle: "I punked out. I'd only just found out about my demon side. I didn't know what it meant. The idea of having family obligations with guys that looked like big blue pin cushions, it was just a little bit too much to take right then."  
 Angel: "And what happened?"  
 Cut to the past. Doyle is tossing on his bed, fully dressed. Cut to Doyle sitting, smoking a cigarette. There's a knock on the door.  
 Doyle gets up: "Damn it."  
 He gets hit by a vision of Lucas and his clan getting killed. Lucas: "Believe we share a common enemy."  
 Cut to angel and Doyle.  
 Doyle: "When I got the visions for the first time, I thought I was having a stroke. I didn't know what the images meant. But I had to know if what they showed me was a dream - or real."  
 Cut to the younger Doyle walking into a building and finding the corpses of Lucas and his clan. (Beautiful piece of score music, btw)  
 Doyle to Angel: "It wasn't a dream."  
 Angel: "You couldn't have known."  
 Doyle: "These people are going to need more then their mythic promised one. The contractually-obligated 500 might be a start. You can't fight the Scourge, Angel."  
 Angel: "It won't come to that, because we're going to get them out of here."  
 
 
 
 Cut to a truck pulling up outside the building.  
 Cut to Cordy walking in the hallway of the building.  
 Cordy: "Hello? - Angel? - Hello? (Cordy gasps as some of the demons step into the hallway and pulls out a little spray bottle) While this may look like a - popular brand of breath freshener (Looks at it and quickly pulls the cap off) it really a cunningly disguised demon repellent!"  
 Sprays the air in front of them.  
 Demon sniffing: "Wintergreen."  
 Doyle pushes through the demons: "Cordy, it's okay. We're here to help them."  
 Cordy puts the spray away: "Oh. Oh, (Smiles at them) hi! (Turns to Doyle) Where's Angel?"  
 Doyle: "He's trying to secure documents to get them out of the country. Did you get the truck?"  
 Cordy: "Yes! It's out front. Hey, Doyle, you did notice that these folks are demons."  
 Doyle: "Yeah, I know that. That doesn't make them bad people."  
 Cordy to the demons: "Excuse us a sec? (Pulls Doyle around a corner) Mission statement check: aren't we supposed to be battling the forces of darkness?"  
 Doyle: "They're not forces of darkness. They're half-human, and they're in trouble. Now, we don't have a lot of time. Angel wants you to go down to the LA harbor, pier 12, slip 4, the Quintessa. Use Angel's name. He knows the Captain."  
 Cordy: "So, we're booking them on a cruise?"  
 Doyle: "Basically, yeah."  
 Cordy: "I'm guessing not Carnival."  
 Doyle: "The guy runs a freighter. He owes Angel some money. He does this, they're even."  
 Cordy: "Ho, ho, hang on! This guy owes Angel money? Why aren't we collecting it?"  
 Doyle: "Cordy, oppressed demon people here, not getting any safer!"  
 Cordy: " So, we're sending them on a cruise, and we're paying for it?"  
 Doyle: "Please. Just do it? We need to know the ship is ready before we can move everyone."  
 Cordy: "Bad things are coming aren't they?"  
 Doyle: "Very bad things."  
 Cordy sighs: "I'm on it."  
 Doyle: "Just give me a call on the cell the minute it’s done."  
 Cordy: "Okay."  
 Cut to the office of the harbormaster.  
 Harbormaster: "I could get into a hell of a lot over trouble over this."  
 Angel: "Not as much as if you don't."  
 Harbor Master: "Big Randy is my brother. I look the other way once in a while on some of *his* shipments. It's because he's family. It's not because of the money."  
 Angel: "Family is important."  
 Harbor Master: "You're not going to pay, are you?"  
 Angel: "I'm not going to pay."  
 Harbor Master: "So this is just extortion."  
 Angel: "Big Randy told you about me, right? You know what I am."  
 Harbor Master: "He said you bit him?"  
 Angel pacing around the guy: "No, I never bit him."  
 HarborMaster relieved: "So you don't..."  
 Angel: "I wasn't hungry."  
 Harbor Master: "So, what do you want the documents to say?"  
 Angel: "Certify that the ship is carrying an inspected cargo of medical waste. No one looks inside that ship or stops it from leaving harbor. - If they do, - I'm going to feel that it's your fault. Then look for me to get a little bit peckish."  
 The HarborMaster stares at him wide-eyed for a moment, then quickly finishes the document and hands it to Angel.  
 HarborMaster leaving in a hurry: "Have a nice trip."  
 Cut to the demons building.  
 Demon: "We don't have time for this. What's wrong with that boy?"  
 Doyle: "What is it?"  
 Demon: "Rieff. He took off. He does this every time. He'll be back."  
 Girl: "No he won't. He says there isn't any promised one. He wasn't going to stay here and get killed with the rest of us. We're not going to get killed, are we?"  
 Doyle: "No, no one's going to get killed. (Turns to the demon and gives him the cell phone) Cordelia is going to call. When she does, clear out and go to the ship. If you're not here when I get back, I'll bring the boy to you there. (To the little girl) Hey, - do you know where he went?"  
 Cut to Rieff walking down the street.  
 Doyle comes running: "Rieff! Wait. Wait. (Catches up with him) You're fast."  
 Rieff: "I'm walking. You're just old."  
 Doyle: "Yeah, okay. You know what, we ought to go. Angel's got a way out, a ship."  
 Rieff: "Great. Have fun. Take some Dramamine."  
 Doyle: "You're not coming with?"  
 Rieff: "You can't make me."  
 Doyle: "You're right. You're old enough. It's your choice."  
 Rieff: "Right. A choice. Where do I want to be hated? You wouldn't get it. You're passing. My mother was the same way. You can walk down the street. She took me out with her one day. I was so excited. Just out in the neighborhood with all the other kids. Guess what day it was? (Doyle sighs) What day was it?"  
 Doyle: "It was Halloween."  
 Rieff: "So that's my choice: I can be hated by humans because their scared of me, or by pure-bloods who want to kill me. It's so easy, it's not much of a choice."  
 Doyle: "Seems to me your family is one place where you know you belong. (Rieff walks off) Hey, I bet you that little girl is going to miss you."  
 Rieff: "Yeah, well, she's dead by now. - Or might as well be. They're coming again. I can feel it."  
 Doyle: "It's going to be different this time."  
 Rieff: "Why? Because your friend is the promised one? (Doyle sighs) So you know it's not true."  
 Doyle: "No, I don't. I don't know anything about your people's myths and legends. But I do know Angel, and he's the genuine article."  
 Rieff sarcastic: "My hero."  
 Doyle: "Yeah, that's exactly what he is. And your people can call him 'the promised one' or the 'dark avenger', what does it matter?"  
 Rieff: "It matters because it's a lie!"  
 Doyle: "They put their faith in something, Rieff. You don't have to if you don't want to. Maybe Angel doesn't know what he's doing. It's possible. But the other option: losing yourself somewhere, hoping it all goes away, I *know* that never works. (Rieff swallows) How about we go find your family?"  
 Cut to the ship.  
 Cordy: "Well, it's not exactly the Love Boat, is it?"  
 Captain: "Sorry. We don't haul people. We haul cargo. It's never complained."  
 First mate: "We could bring in some blankets or something. How many are we talking?"  
 Cordy: "Oh, - about 20? Some are short people, you know, children?"  
 Captain: "It won't be the most comfortable thing in the world, but we'll get them where they're going."  
 Cordy pulls out her phone with a sigh: "We'll take it."  
 Cut to Doyle and the boy walking.  
 Rieff: "Hey. This way."  
 Doyle: "Huh?"  
 Rieff: "I thought all Brachen demons had a good sense of direction."  
 Doyle: "Yeah and we're all pretty good at basketball, too."  
 Rieff: "What? (We hear soldiers marching) They're here."  
 Doyle: "Come on, let's go!"  
 They run down a street the soldier not too far behind.  
 Doyle points at a building: "In here."  
 They watch from a window as the Scourge search the neighborhood.  
 Doyle: "Sit tight."  
 Soldier: "Destroy it all!"  
 They smash windows, kick trashcans, set a car on fire. One of the soldiers comes towards their building.  
 Rieff: "Doyle."  
 Doyle: "Stay here. You understand?"  
 Doyle goes demon-faced and runs out the door knocking the soldier out of his way, then leads the Scourge down the road. A hand reaches out and pulls him into another building as he runs by.  
 Doyle: "They're coming."  
 Angel: "Good."  
 Cut to the Scourge walking into the demons' hideout.  
 Soldier: “They were here, Sir, recently."  
 Commander: "And when the lights go out, where do the vermin go? (Kicks the carpet aside. A soldier pulls the trap door open. It's empty) Keep looking."  
 Angel in vamp face: "For what? (Pulls Doyle around a corner) For this? (As some soldier hurry towards him) Back off! It's my kill."  
 Commander: "Vampires don't feed on demon blood."  
 Angel: "Oh please! I wouldn't eat this. He reeks of humanity."  
 Commander: "You're one to talk, vampire. Yours is the lowest of all the half-breeds."  
 Angel: "You think I don't know that? You think I don't smell the humanity inside me day and night - polluting me?"  
 Doyle: "Please, please don't!"  
 Angel breaks his neck and drops him: "Shut up!"  
 Soldier: "A half-breed who murders other half-breeds. Always charming."  
 Angel: "I know who you are. I want to join you."  
 Commander: "Join us? You wish to die?"  
 Angel: "I need to be cleansed and only you can show me the way. (Steps closer) You can kill me if you want you'd only be freeing me. But I can kill half-breeds for you and believe me I can do it faster and better then anyone you got. I know their minds, where they hide, how they think. I can help you."  
 Commander: "Maybe you can."  
 He gestures towards some soldiers and they grab Angel and hustle him out of the room, while he's laughing.  
 Cut to Rieff watching the Scourge come out of the building with Angel in their middle.  
 Soldier: "Clear the area. Bring him. Faster! Move!"  
 Cut to Rieff finding Doyle's body. He kneels down beside him, then jumps back when Doyle blinks his eye. With a groan Doyle wrenches his neck back into place.  
 Doyle: "I think I hated that plan."  
 Rieff: "Can all Brachen demons do that?"  
 Doyle shakes off his demon face: "We're stronger in demon form. But I generally prefer to pass as human."  
 Rieff: "Where is everyone?"  
 Doyle: "Right where they're supposed to be, I hope."  
 Cut to the demons boarding the freighter.  
 Captain: "Look, I've got my clearance from the Harbor Master. We have to go now. I have a schedule to keep."  
 Cordy: "I'm sure they'll be here, Captain. Just a few more minutes."  
 Captain: "Angel said he'd cut my debt in half if I do him this favor, right?"  
 Cordy: "Yep, half, that's what he said. Big whopping 50% - quite a deal."  
 Captain: "He takes 60% off, then I'll wait."  
 Cordy: "You drive a hard bargain."  
 Captain walks away and one of the demons walks up to Cordy.  
 Demon: "I can't thank you and your friends enough. I'm sure Rieff is in safe hands."  
 Cordy: "Doyle will get him here."  
 Demon: "Yea, he is a good one. He understands our suffering."  
 Cordy: "We both do."  
 Demon: "I apologize. I didn't mean to say that you didn't. It's just more familiar to Doyle. He has to live with a certain amount of persecution. You always do when you're half demon."  
 Cordy: "Demon?"  
 Cut to a Scourge meeting. Angel in vamp face with his hair slicked down to the side is standing with the other soldier wearing a gray uniform.  
 Commander: "The other day I was asked: 'Why hunt the mongrel? Doesn't its very inferiority guarantee that it poses no threat? Won't it die of it's own innate mortal stupidity? - Let me tell you, even the smallest of vermin need be addressed. Half-breeds. Worse. They keep crossbreeding. Forever diluting our precious demon blood with *their* weak simpering humanity."  
 Soldiers: "Yeah!"  
 Commander: "If we allow this to happen, it's as good as giving up the call to evil altogether. It's as good as becoming human ourselves. Well, I say NEVER! (Soldiers cheering.) I say we will not stop until each and every half-breed is erased and our purity rules this planet! (More cheers) We will not stop because the Higher Order demands it! (Cheers) Now, - this very evening we take a giant step towards our goal. Tonight the half-breeds that have eluded us will be destroyed. And we know just where to find them, thanks to this good man (gestures to a human being led forward) first mate on the ship they think means salvation, not annihilation. He comes to us for money, but he is a brother to our cause, and we invite him - to witness the power of the beacon."  
 Two soldiers open a door behind the Commander and roll out what looks like a giant, crystal-shaped light suspended in a metal frame. The flick some switches on top of it and it begins to cycle up.  
 Commander: "Tonight the Lister half-breeds will..."  
 Soldier standing next to Angel: "Incredible, isn't it? He makes it all so clear."  
 Angel: "Yes, things are very clear."  
 Commander Tiernan: "The Listers, along with any creature contaminated by human blood, will perish the moment the cleansing light touches them. When the beacon reaches critical mass and detonates its reach will extend a quarter mile in every direction. (To the First Mate) Want to see how it works? (The light reaches him and he goes up in a scream) A fitting end for a sorry mutation. (Muttering from the soldiers) Go now and deliver this, our message! Our victory depends on it!"  
 Cheering.  
 The soldiers run down the hallway. Angel steps out of their midst, and into a side room where he kicks down one of the demons and steals its motorcycle.  
 Cut to Cordy and the Captain pacing the freighter impatiently. Doyle and Rieff come running up.  
 Cordy: "Someone's coming."  
 Demon to Rieff: "Do you have any idea what you put us through? We got to get out of here!"  
 Rieff: "I'm sorry."  
 Demon: "lets get you down with the others."  
 Rieff slaps Doyle's hand: "Thanks."  
 Doyle looks at Cordy: "What?"  
 Cordy: "You're alive!"  
 Doyle: "And you're not happy?"  
 Cordy: "We were worried."  
 Doyle: "Oh. Well, its all going to be okay. (Cordy slaps him) What was that for?"  
 Cordy: "Why didn't you tell me that you were half demon? I thought we agreed that secrets are bad!"  
 Doyle: "I wanted to tell you. I was afraid. I thought if I did, you'd reject me."  
 Cordy: "I've rejected you way before now! So, you're half demon. Big Whoop! I can't believe you'd think I'd care about that. I mean, I work for a vampire! Hello?"  
 Doyle: "It's true. I just..."  
 Cordy: "What do you think I am, superficial? - So you're half demon. That's so far down the list, way under 'short' and 'poor'! - Is there anything else I should know?"  
 Doyle: "The half demons thing is pretty much my big secret."  
 Cordy: "Good. That's out. It's done. - Would you ask me out to dinner already?"  
 Doyle: "Yeah? (Cordy smiles at him) Cordelia. Would you like..."  
 Cordy looks past him: "It's Angel!"  
 Angel in human face drives up on his motorcycle, gets off and runs up the gangplank.  
 Angel: "We have to shove off now."  
 Cordy: "What's going on?"  
 Captain: "I can't! I can't find my first mate!"  
 Angel: "You won't. We're going. Get to the bridge."  
 Doyle: "Angel, they're here."  
 The Scourge is pulling up on the pier in trucks and on motorcycles.  
 Doyle: "Angel."  
 Angel: "Get below. Lock the doors."  
 Doyle: "What?"  
 Angel: "Move! Now! Stay with the others."  
 Cut to Doyle yelling into the hold: "Lock the doors. The Scourge is here. We're shoving off. We're gonna make it."  
 Cut to Angel waiting for the soldiers that run up the gangplank while the freighter pulls away from the pier.  
 Commander: "You lied to us, half-breed."  
 Angel: "You catch on quick, football-head."  
 Tiernan: "Kill him, painfully."  
 The soldiers tackle Angel and they fight, but Angel is able to take out the four soldiers in pretty quick order. Tiernan attacks him and they are a bit more evenly matched. They burst through a door and fall down some stairs in the cargo hold. As Cordy and the others watch they fall over the railing and land side by side on a lower catwalk. As Angel gets up he sees the beacon, already lit, being lowered into the hold on a chain.  
 Angel: "It's going to detonate. Get out! Everybody out!"  
 The Lister demons scramble to comply while Tiernan grabs Angel and tries to choke him.  
 Tiernan: "Welcome to a cleaner world. Soon only the pure bloods will be left standing."  
 Angel: "Actually, pure boy (He breaks Tiernan's grip) You'll be on your ass (breaks his neck and drops him)."  
 Doyle tries to open a door: "Ahh! They're locked from the outside. We're trapped!"  
 Doyle and Cordy climb up a ladder to the same level that Angel is on and they all meet on a platform level with the beacon.  
 Doyle: "What does that thing do?"  
 Angel: "Its light kills anything with human blood."  
 Doyle: "Well, it's getting brighter and that doohickey - it's fully armed, isn't it?"  
 Angel: "Almost. If I pull the cable, I think I can still shut it off."  
 Doyle: "How're you gonna do that without touching the light?"  
 Cordy: "Angel, that's suicide."  
 Doyle: "There's got to be another way."  
 Angel looks at the demons in the hold then at Cordy: "It's all right."  
 Cordy: "No!"  
 Angel puts a hand on Doyle's shoulder.  
 Doyle puts his hand on Angel's arm: "The good fight, yeah? - You never know until you've been tested. - I get that now."  
 Doyle hauls back and hits Angel with a hard right to the chin, knocking him down into the cargo hold.  
 Doyle turns to Cordy and they kiss. There is a strange blue light between their lips just before they part. Not sure if it’s from the beacon shining behind them or if it means something else.  
 Doyle steps back: "Too bad we'll never know (Morphs into his demons face) if this is a face you could learn to love."  
 Angel picks himself up of the floor of the cargo hold, runs over to the ladder and climbs back up.  
 Angel: "Doyle. Doyle. Doyle! Doyle! NO!"  
 Doyle jumps over to the beacon just before Angel reaches the platform. He grabs a hold of its metal frame, turns his head and smiles at Angel and Cordy.  
 Angel: "No!"  
 Doyle morphs back to human and tries to pull the cable connection apart as the light gets brighter and starts to melt the skin off his face. Everybody watches spellbound as Doyle manages to pull the cable apart just before he burns up. The beacon goes dark. All the Lister demons stare at the fading beacon in shock. Cordy starts crying and Angel pulls her into a hug, teary-eyed himself.  
 Cut to Angel and Cordy watching the videotape of the commercial Doyle did at the beginning of the episode.  
 Doyle: "If you need help. Then look no further. Angel Investigations is the best! Our rats are low."  
 Cordy: "Rates!"  
 Doyle points to the papers taped on the windows behind her: "It says 'rats'. - Our rates are low, but our standards are high. When the chips are down, and you're at the end of your rope you need someone that you can count on. And that's what you'll find here - someone that will go all the way, no matter what. So don't lose hope. Come on over to our offices and you'll see that there's still heroes in this world. (Clears his throat) Is that it? Am I done?" 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 