Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x16 - The Ring - Angel 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x16 - The Ring https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=154&t=9439 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/03/00 04:27 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x16 - The Ring 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Cordelia is sitting in front of her computer at Angel Investigations checking out a new computer program.  
 Cordy: “Demons, Demons, Demons. Wow! They put a lot of thought into *that* title.”  
 Wesley: “It’s a demon database. What would you call it?”  
 Cordy: “I don’t know. How about – Demon Database?”  
 Wesley: “Ahh! A name rife with single entendre.”  
 Cordy: “Why isn’t Wolfram&Hart in here?”  
 Wesley: “Because they are lawyers, not demons?”  
 Cordy: “Fine line, if you ask me. Yeesh. They have a lot of entries! Did you know that there is a dozen species indigenous to LA County alone?”  
 Wesley: “Do they have the Vigories of Oden Tal?”  
 Cordy: “Nope.”  
 Wesley: “Hmm. (Picks up a book) So - there is still a place in this world for traditional research.”  
 Cordy: “There are some ugly critters in here. Someone ought to create an intra-demon dating base. You know, like archfiend.org, where the lonely and the slimy connect. (Wesley looks at her) I was just joking Mr. Grouchy Pants. When was the last time you had a dating base?”  
 Wesley: “For your information – I lead a rich and varied social life.”  
 Cordy: “Oh, I know. Every night it’s Jeopardy, followed by Wheel of Fortune and a cup of hot cocoa. Look out girls, this one can’t be tamed!”  
 Wesley: “I’ll admit it may not be as intoxicating as a life erected on high fashion pumps and a push-up bra.”  
 Cordy gets up: “Hey, if anyone is wearing a push-up bra around here it’s (Sees Angel coming in) - Angel.”  
 Angel: “Did you two need to see a counselor?”  
 Cordy with a smile: “No, I’m way too single entendre - to benefit from therapy!”  
 Wesley: “I don’t know why you take everything so personally.”  
 Cordy: “Me? Oh this is rich coming from Mr. ‘Don’t talk to me until I’ve had my *flagon* of oat-bran’ in the morning.”  
 Door opens a guy with a beat-up face in a suit walks in.  
 Angel: “Children, we have company.”  
 Darin: “Is one of you Angel?”  
 Angel: “I’m Angel.”  
 Darin: “I’m Darin Macnamara, I uh, - checked around. You have a reputation for handling unusual problems.”  
 Wesley: “A richly deserved reputation.”  
 Darin sways and Angel and Wesley run up and catch him before he collapses.  
 Angel: “Hey, are you all right?”  
 They help Darin over to the couch.  
 Darin: “Yeah, I think I’m going to pass out. I’m-I’m sorry it’s just that – my brother - Jack. He-he was kidnapped last night. (He offers Angel a small white jewelry box) I found this in my mailbox today.”  
 Angel opens the box to reveal a severed finger.  
 Angel: “Do you know the people who did this?”  
 Darin: “Well, that’s why I came to you. - They weren’t people.”  
 Intro  
 Angel is looking at some photographs of a blond guy.  
 Darin: “That’s my brother Jack. - My brother and I haven’t been exactly – close – since we grew up. I made something of my life and Jack - didn’t. (Cordy hand him a drink) Thanks. I don’t know what they want. There was no calls, no note, just...”  
 Angel: “But you were there when he was taken.”  
 Darin: “Jack called me last night, asked me to come over. – He’s got a gambling problem. He said he was in over his head with one of his bookies.”  
 Cordy: “Do you know which one?”  
 Darin: “Ernie Nellins. He works at a Sports Bar in Silverlake called Shots. I paid this Nellins before. I told Jack this time to go to hell. I wanted him to suffer the consequences of his actions. - I didn’t know something like this was gonna happen.”  
 Wesley: “You couldn’t. It’s not your fault.”  
 Darin: “I felt guilty. So I went over there and there were these – I don’t know – creatures. They were dragging him away. I-I tried to stop them, but...”  
 Angel: “And you haven’t heard from anyone?”  
 Darin: “No. I’ll pay anything to get him back. He’s family. He’s my little brother.”  
 Angel: “Look, my colleagues will - start looking into whoever or whatever kidnapped your brother and uhm, (Hands him a pad and paper) in the meantime write down everything you saw.”  
 Darin: “Okay. Thank you! What about the bookie?”  
 Angel: “I thought we could have a little chat.”  
 Cut to a bunch of guys playing poker. A guy is setting down drinks in Styrofoam containers.  
 Bookie: “This is wheat-grass. I ordered the kiwi cooler.”  
 Guy: “Give me that.”  
 Bookie: “How do you drink this swill! (Lays down two cards) Give me two.”  
 Angel walks in: “Mind if I play, Ernie?”  
 Bookie: “Game’s invitation only, pal.”  
 Angel: “Then invite me. It’s been a while since I’ve played so I might be a little rusty on the rules (Pulls out the photographs of Jack and drops them on the table) but I think my Jacks – beat your pair. (Bookie pulls out a gun and Angel grabs his hand and casually gets the gun away form him) No, I’m not looking for a fight – just for him.”  
 Bookie gets up and walks out. Angel picks up the pictures and follows him.  
 Cut to the alley outside.  
 Angel: “You should try that wheat-grass. It’s good for the digestion.”  
 Bookie: “Who the hell are you?”  
 Angel: “Friend of Jack’s.”  
 Bookie: “Jack doesn’t have any friends – just people he doesn’t owe.”  
 Angel: “His brother will make good on all his debts.”  
 Bookie: “Ooh, out of my hands hot-shot. It’s not about the money anymore. It’s about making Jack an example.”  
 Angel: “Piece by piece?”  
 Bookie: “Makes an impression on the newcomers.”  
 Angel: “Where is he, Ernie?”  
 Bookie: “He didn’t tell me. I didn’t ask.”  
 Angel: “Which doesn’t mean you don’t know.”  
 Bookie: “Yep.”  
 He puts a cigarette in his mouth. Angel seems to be lighting a match for him but when the guy bends down he sees the Angel is actually holding up a folded hundred-dollar bill shielded by his hand instead of a match. The bookie glances up at Angel, then both ways down the deserted alley. He touches his cigarette to the bill and palms it with his other hand.  
 Bookie: “There is a place – in Beechwood Canyon. - Well, not exactly in Beechwood Canyon – under it actually.”  
 Cordy at her computer: “Okay, I’m in. What did Darin write down about the demon that took his brother?”  
 Wesley reads: “Bald – ultra white skin – slime.”  
 Cordy: “There is always slime. This is why I don’t gamble. You make a small wager one day, a bigger one the next, and before you know it – Beetlejuicy albino comes a knocking! Claws or hands?”  
 Wesley: “He wrote claw-like hands.”  
 Cordy: “Could be a mixed breed. Smell?”  
 Wesley: “Sulfuric.”  
 Cordy: “Add a Porsche and hair-plugs and I’ve dated this guy – a lot. Other distinguishing characteristics?”  
 Wesley: “An eerie high-pitched howl or wail. I’m assuming that’s when it’s preparing to fight or mate.”  
 Cordy: “Okay, first I say ‘yuck’ and then I hit search.”  
 Wesley: “You know, by the time you get done entering all this in your fancy-shmancy database (picks up a book) I could have located it just...”  
 Cordy: “Got it.”  
 Wesley looks at the screen: “A Howler demon.”  
 Cut to Angel climbing down a ladder into a sewer. He shines his flashlight on some bloody human parts floating in some opaque goo in a square hole in the floor. Two Howler demons attack him, shrieking as they go. After a bit of a fight, Angel knows one of them out with his flashlight, then presses the other one up against the wall.  
 Angel: “Where is Jack Macnamara?”  
 Howler: “Not here.”  
 Angel: “Where is he?!”  
 Howler: “We sold him.”  
 Angel: “Okay. Who did we sell him to?”  
 A sports convertible pulls up in a rundown neighborhood. Angel sees couples in fancy dress lined up to have their tickets checked to get into one of the buildings.  
 Bouncer: “Next please? Tickets? Name?”  
 Angel sees a barred basement window. He tests the strength of the bars with his hands looks around, then breaks in.  
 Cut to the inside of the club. A good-looking, dark-haired lady picks up her drink from the bar and pushes her ticket laying next to it over the edge. Angel catches it.  
 Lady: “You’re quick.”  
 Angel looks at the ticket. It says Amount $5000 to win Cribb XXI 255459.  
 Lady pulls it out of his hand with a smile: “Thank you.”  
 Angel: “No problem.”  
 Angel walks into another room. People stand cheering around a pit in which two demons are fighting against each other. One demon manages to know the other down so it doesn’t get back up.  
 Crowd chanting: “Killing blow. Killing blow.”  
 One of the men standing beside some doors in the pit throws the demon still standing a knife. He catches it and cuts the downed demon’s throat to cheers and applause.  
 Announcer into microphone hanging in the middle of the pit: “Winner, Ladies and Gentlemen, Tom Cribb, official time 6 minutes 22 seconds. (Fight pays out 2 5 ?) If you are keeping track that was Cribb’s seventh career kill. Our next contest features one of the more popular fighter’s we’ve had the pleasure of presenting, a rare find. Hailing from the barren wastelands of (Treshok ?) (Doors in the pit open and a new demon walks in) A true champion that has it all: skill, speed and strength! Let’s give it up for the menace of (Venice?) the titan of terror, the (?) of agony, the one, the only – Val Trepkos!”  
 Angel sees a blond guy being lead through the crowd by some guys and matches him up to the pictures of Jack.  
 He follows them down a corridor.  
 Jack: “You made it. (A blinding light comes on and Angel flinches and puts up a hand to shield his eyes) Most don’t.”  
 Darin: “Careful with this one, Jack. You should have seen what he did to the Howlers. Ouch!”  
 Angel: “You set me up.”  
 Darin: “It was a group effort.  
 Jack: “Open up. Let’s get a look at those teeth. Teeth tell a lot about the bones.”  
 Jack tries to grab Angel’s face. Angel takes a hold of his wrist and throws him into another guy behind him. Some more guys stick Angel with a bunch of heavy-duty cattle prods until he falls down unconscious.  
 Darin: “I told you to be careful, Jack.”  
 Jack picking himself back up: “So, this one’s got some attitude. That’s good. He’ll be a crowd pleaser.”  
 Camera pans down a brick building and sinks down through the street to show some demons in metal cages. There is a thick red line marking off an area of the free space in front of the cages. Angel wakes up and notices that there is a thick silver bracelet around his left wrist bearing a XXI.  
 Angel to the demon sharing his cage: “I asked for a room with a view. (The demon just looks at him) I’m guessing English is not your native tongue. Hablo Espanol? (Tries again in Russian, then Italian with no success) Yeah, we’ll have so much to talk about during those long winter nights.”  
 Jack walks in: “Listen up, slaves. There is only one rule here (Hits a button and the cell doors slide open) and it’s real simple, so you demons can remember it. (Angel walks towards Jack) Tsk, tsk. (Points down at the thick red line) Stay inside the red. That wristband will make sure you do. I know what you’re thinking. You want to tear my throat out. - But you won’t. Because there is only one way out of here: When that band comes off. And the only way that band comes off, is after your 21st kill.”  
 Angel: “I’m not killing anyone.”  
 Jack: “Then you’ll be killed. Either way, fan’s will get their money’s worth.”  
 Wesley to phone: “Well, please let us know if you hear from him. Thank you.”  
 Cordy playing nervously with her necklace: “Cop-lady hasn’t talked to him?”  
 Wesley: “No, and she seemed like she didn’t much *care* either.”  
 Cordy: “We should put out a missing persons.”  
 Wesley gets up: “He’s only been gone one night.”  
 Cordy: “One *long* night, during which he was supposed to check in with us and didn’t. And – he’s not someone who tans well.”  
 Wesley: “He’s probably just holed up in a tunnel somewhere, waiting for nightfall.”  
 Cordy: “Maybe. - Still something is *very* wrong. Our client, who should be waiting by the phone, is nowhere to be found!”  
 Wesley puts on his jacket: “Right. Keep trying to track him down.”  
 Cordy: “What are you going to do?”  
 Wesley: “Follow in Angel’s footsteps.”  
 Cordy: “You’re going to the bookie?”  
 Wesley: “That’s the last place we know Angel went.”  
 Cordy: “The bookie who may get his jollies cutting off people’s extremities?”  
 Wesley opens a drawer: “That’s why I’m taking this. (He pulls out a tangle of weapons, scattering them across the floor) Along with a few other things.”  
 Cut to the demon barracks. A guard is dishing out a brown slop and sliding the bowls and a piece of bread on trays across the red line on the floor. The demons are sitting around the table eating. Angel sits down. He doesn’t have a bowl.  
 Angel: “Looks like good gruel.”  
 Lizard demon: “Who the hell are you?”  
 Angel: “I’m Angel.”  
 Lizard: “What you are, is a soon to be dead slave. - Shut up!”  
 The demon across from the Lizard is about to take a bite out of his piece of bread when the Lizards tongue shoots out and snags it.  
 Malish: “Cribb, that’s mine.”  
 Cribb takes the other demon’s bowl of gruel: “And now it’s mine.”  
 Angel without looking at Cribb: “Give it back to him.”  
 Cribb: “You open your mouth again, I’ll close it for good.”  
 Cribb lifts the bowl to his mouth.  
 Angel: “I wouldn’t do that if I were you.”  
 Cribb puts the bowl down and gets up to lean across the table: “Angel, guess how many vampires I’ve killed.”  
 Angel looks up at Cribb. A couple guards come closer, charging up their cattle prods. Angel reaches over and slides the bowl back in front of Malish.  
 Cribb to Angel: “Catch you later.”  
 Later the demon with the bowl walks up to Angel.  
 Malish: “Why did you do that?”  
 Angel: “You’re welcome.”  
 Malish: “I can fight my own battles. I got two wins already.”  
 Angel: “So all you need is what? Another 19 and you’re out of here?”  
 Malish: “Yeah, that’s right. You think I can’t cut it? You want a piece of me?”  
 Angel: “No. Not really.”  
 Malish: “What’s wrong with you? Don’t be rocking the boat. This is life and death in here.”  
 Jack: “Alright, girls, listen up. Here is tonight’s card. Vlasovik, you’re fighting Baker.”  
 Darin: “Trepkos, you’re the main event. It’ll go against Malish.”  
 Malish drops his bowl.  
 Cribb: “That’s not a match-up, that’s an execution.”  
 Jack: “Shut your trap, slave. No one’s talking to you.”  
 Darin whispers to Jack: “After he kills Malish we’ll put him up against Kafka for Saturday’s fight.”  
 Malish to Trepkos: “I’m walking out of there tonight. (Trepkos gets up and looks at him) You better know that.”  
 Suddenly one of the demons launches himself across the room. Angel charges to intercept him crying “No! Don’t!” But the demon flies across the red line and disintegrates. Jack looks down as the bracelet falls to the ground.  
 Jack: “Damn it! We paid good money for that one.”  
 Darin picks up the bracelet: “It’s alright. It’s an object lesson for the others. We’ll have to find a replacement for his bout.”  
 Jack looking at Angel: “How about Captain America here?”  
 Cut to Ernie the bookie beating up a guy being held by to others. He dips his fist into a bowl of ice held by a third guy.  
 Bookie: “Ice. Helps keep the swelling down. You got a hard head there, boy.”  
 Wesley as Ernie gets ready to punch the guy again: “Stop that.”  
 Ernie turns around with a laugh: “Who’s this?”  
 Wesley: “I’m Wesley Wyndham-Pryce. And I’m looking for my employer. He came here to question you about Jack Macnamara.”  
 Ernie: “Maybe you didn’t notice. I’m kind of busy here.”  
 Wesley: “Where is he?”  
 Ernie: “Your boss – gave me 200 Dollars to answer his questions. I’m a businessman. Make an offer.”  
 Wesley: “You should understand, the man I work for means a great deal to me. And I will not give you a single red cent. What I will do, Sir, is beat it out of you if I have to.”  
 The guys in the room break out into laughter.  
 Ernie: “You’re from another country, right? (Wesley pulls a crossbow from behind his back) What are you, Robin Hood?”  
 Ernie pulls out a gun, put Wesley shoots the gun out of his hand, the metal dart pinning Ernie’s hand to the wall. The gun slides across the floor and Wesley picks it up and aims it at the rest of the men as they are going for their guns.  
 Wesley: “Please drop those.”  
 The guys drop their guns, and Wesley puts down the crossbow, keeping the gun trained on the three goons.  
 Wesley to the guy that was getting beat up: “You can go now.”  
 They man runs out and Wesley, keeping the three goons covered, goes and starts to twiddle the dart stuck in Ernie’s hand. Ernie moans in pain.  
 Wesley: “And where is my employer?”  
 Cut to the announcer in the pit: “Ladies and Gentlemen the Macnamara brothers welcome you to another night of high stakes, high voltage entertainment.”  
 The dark-haired Lady from the bar is talking to Darin.  
 Lady: “I heard something interesting.”  
 Darin: “What’s that?”  
 Lady: “I heard the vampire has a soul.”  
 Darin: “Well, I wouldn’t know about that.”  
 Lady: “When he’s fighting, do you think that would be a plus – or a minus?”  
 Darin playing with one of the bracelets: “Probably depends on what he’s fighting for.”  
 Lady: “Does that mean you’ll give me odds on him to win?”  
 Darin: “It means I’ll give you even money.”  
 Lady: “I’ll take that bet.”  
 Darin laughs and walks away.  
 
 
 
 Cut to Angel leaning against a wall, brooding, as the other demons warm up.  
 Malish to Angel: “You shouldn’t go out there cold. Look, you did me one. Baker’s fast, but his left eye got messed up two fights ago. Stay on his left. Tie him up, you can drive his head right into the wall. You can get the kill.”  
 Angel: “I’m not going to kill anyone.”  
 Malish: “You on drugs? It’s not like you have a choice.”  
 Jack walks in: “Alright, girls, show time!”  
 Cut to Angel walking into the ring.  
 Announcer: “Baker’s challenger makes his ring debut tonight. He’s a highly skilled fighter with a taste for blood. Let’s welcome – Angel!”  
 The bell rings and Baker spin-kicks Angel. Angel is thrown against the wall. He bounces back and just blocks or ducks Baker’s kicks and punches without any attempt at fighting back.  
 Cribb watching from the demon barracks: “That vampire is not even fighting!”  
 Cut to Cordy in a fake fur coat and Wesley in a white suit walking up outside of the club.  
 Cordy sees a couple getting out of a car: “Those two are perfect.”  
 Wesley: “Did you bring the badge?”  
 Cordy: “No.”  
 Wesley: “You said you had...”  
 Cordy to the couple: “Sir, madam, I’m detective Andrews and this is detective Yelsew. - Show them your badge. (Wesley takes a wallet out of his inside pocket and waves it through the air without letting them get a look at it) and write down their license plate number four three niner, Peter, Charley, Edward.”  
 Man: “What are you doing? Why are you writing down...”  
 Cordy: “Sir, if you could just calm down and give us your name?”  
 Man: “My name is Mathew Winslow, as in Winslow Multimedia? And I happen to be a personal friend of your boss – Chief Tyler?”  
 Cordy: “We’ll give him your best. Could I see your tickets please?”  
 Winslow hands her his tickets: “You’ll be hearing from my lawyer tonight.”  
 Cordy: “Are you aware that you’ve purchased tickets to an unlicensed sporting event?”  
 Wesley: “Answer the detective.”  
 Winslow: “Well, if it’s illegal, what are all these people doing here?”  
 Cordy: “We’re trying to do you a favor, Mr. Winslow.”  
 Wesley: “Something is going down tonight. Something with the man.”  
 Cordy kicks him.  
 Winslow: “A raid?”  
 Cordy: “We’re not at liberty to say.”  
 Winslow: “But we could just - go on home?”  
 Cordy: “I think that would be a wise thing to do, Sir.”  
 Winslow mouths ‘thank you’ and he and his lady get back into the car.  
 Cordy elbows Wesley as they walk off.  
 Wesley: “What?”  
 Cordy: “You almost blew it!”  
 Wesley: “I save it!”  
 Cordy: “Urgh! Something is going down with the man? You idiot!”  
 Cut to Angel being pummeled by Baker.  
 Cribb watching: “Idiot! He thinks he can get out of this by pulling a Ghandi!”  
 The crowd is jeering and yelling for Angel to fight back, but he only block or ducks the punches.  
 Cordy and Wesley walk in. Cordy spots Darin, who is still playing with the bracelet.  
 Cordy: “I think we found our missing client.”  
 They make their way closer to the pit.  
 Cordy: “Oh my God! What is this?”  
 Wesley: “These Octavian matches date back to the Roman Empire. I’d heard rumors of a revival.”  
 Cordy: “Couldn’t they have just done Westside Story? What’s with the bracelets?”  
 Wesley: “If they cross the red line while wearing one – they disintegrate.”  
 Cordy: “Oh.”  
 Darin puts the bracelet down on top of the barrier and motions to the guard standing next to him. The Guard pulls out a short knife and drops it in the pit.  
 Baker picks it up and slices Angel across the left upper arm with it. Angel morphs into vamp face. The Crowd starts to chant: “Killing blow. Killing blow.”  
 Angel fends off a couple more swipes by Baker then grabs a hold of his knife hand and twists it into Baker’s own chest.  
 Crowd chants: “Angel! Angel!”  
 Baker drops and Angel looks down at the blood on his hand.  
 Announcer: “Official time: 7 minutes 33 seconds. This marks the first of what promises to be many more killed by the vampire! Angel!”  
 Wesley and Cordy look on as Angel turns and walks out through the doors.  
 Cut to Malish looking up as Angel (back in human face) walks back into the barracks.  
 Jack: “Trepkos and Malish, show time!”  
 Angel to Trepkos as they pass each other: “Wait. No one fights, no one dies.”  
 Cribb: “Oh, quit moping! You’re alive.”  
 Angel: “But Baker isn’t.”  
 Cribb: “One lucky kill don’t make you an expert.”  
 Angel looks over at Cribb: “That wasn’t the first life I’ve taken - or the 21st.”  
 Jack snaps his fingers: “Trepkos, Malish. Lets go!”  
 Angel to Trepkos: “Look, we can fight them, but only if we stop fighting each other.”  
 Jack: “Now!”  
 Angel: “I’m giving you another way out.”  
 Trepkos: “I’ll kill him quick.”  
 A guard hustles Malish up the ramp to the pit. Jack smiles at Angel.  
 Announcer: “And now Ladies and Gentlemen, let’s give it up for one of our favorite fighters: Val Trepkos!”  
 Trepkos just stands there as Malish hits him in the head, then grabs Malish’s arm, twists it, grabs his neck with his other hand and breaks it.  
 Cut to Cordy and Wesley walking outside of the club.  
 Cordy: “We’ve got to call the police.”  
 Wesley: “Ah, I don’t think that’s a good idea.”  
 Cordy: “Why?”  
 Wesley: “If by some miracle they’re not already in on this, the Macnamara would destroy the evidence the moment they showed.”  
 Cordy: “He’d kill the fighters. We’ve got to get Angel out of there!”  
 Wesley: “I know. And to do that we have to get him out of those wrist-cuffs. No mean feat. They were forged by ancient sorcerers.”  
 Cordy: “So get an ancient key!”  
 Wesley: “I might be able to make one myself – if I could get my hands on one of those cuffs. Which isn’t going to be easy (Cordy pulls a cuff out of her pocket and holds it up) unless you happened to procure one while I wasn’t looking. (They smile at each other) Well done!”  
 Cordy: “Thank you.”  
 Cut to dinner in the barracks.  
 Jack: “Well, that was the most exciting match I’ve ever seen. My favorite part was when you stuck Baker with the knife. (Angel gets up and walks right up to the red line. Jack is just across from it) Kind of put a damper on the brotherhood spiel. What did you expect? You’re a demon, just like the rest of them. Difference is they know their place.”  
 Angel: “Someone needs to put you in yours. You – and your brother.”  
 Jack laughs: “Someone may – some day. But not you – and not today.”  
 Angel: “Why put off until tomorrow what you can do today?”  
 Angel’s left hand shoots out and grabs Jack by the throat. Energy is crackling all along Angel’s left arm, but he doesn’t disintegrate since the bracelet is only over but not on the other side of the red line. He pulls Jack across and holds him in front of him as a shield, one arm wrapped around his throat.  
 Angel to the guard: “Any closer and you’re working for a dead man. (To Jack) I’ll give you enough air to tell me how to get this off. How does it open? Is there some kind of a key? Where is the key, Jack? (To the demons) Check his pockets. Cribb, Trepkos, any of you. A little help would be nice. (None of them move) Or I can just do it myself.”  
 Jack: “What did I tell you , huh? Now you’re really alone.”  
 Angel: “I got you. (To the guards) Get his brother! (To the demons) Look at him, huh? Is this who you are all so afraid of going up against? How does it feel, Jack? Tell them how it feels to be in here. Come on! How does it feel to be a slave? Tell them!”  
 Darin flanked by two guys with charged cattle prods: “Let him go.”  
 Angel: “As soon as you let us go.”  
 Darin: “Who do you think you are? Moses?”  
 Angel: “Someone you’ll listen to if you want your brother back alive.”  
 Darin: “Last chance.”  
 Angel: “Come on Darin! We both know there is only one way to let this play out. So let’s just get it done. He’s your brother.”  
 Darin pulls a gun and shoots Jack three times. One of the bullets hits Angel in the right shoulder and he let’s go of Jack.  
 Darin: “Now he’s my dead brother.”  
 The two guards run up to Angel and stick him with the cattle prods until he is once again knocked out.  
 Cut to Angel waking up in a leather chair in a nice office with the dark-haired lady from the bar watching him.  
 Lady: “How do you feel?”  
 Angel: “Like I was hit by lightning after the truck ran me over. - I remember you.”  
 Lady brings him a glass of champagne: “We didn’t get a chance to meet. I’m Lilah Morgan.”  
 Angel: “You’re a fight fan. (Looks at her bookshelves) And a lawyer. Let me guess – Wolfram and Hart.”  
 Lilah: “I’m an associate here. It took some arm-twisting, but I convinced the Macnamara to sell your contract to the partners. - I told them that keeping you around would be more trouble than it was worth. (Lifts her glass) Congratulations. You’re free.”  
 Angel: “As long as I pretend it never happened – that Macnamara and his circus don’t exist. - That is the deal, isn’t it?”  
 Lilah: “It’s a big city, Angel. A lot of people need your help.”  
 Angel: “So you’re really a good Samaritan and this whole pact-with-the-devil business is just an act.”  
 Lilah: “Sometimes you have to – compromise.”  
 Angel: “Look the other way you mean – when Wolfram and Hart are involved?”  
 Lilah: “I prefer to think of it - as picking the battles you can win. There is not one reason why we can’t work together.”  
 Angel gets up with a big sigh.  
 Angel: “You’re right. (He takes a sip from his glass of champagne as Lilah smiles at him) There are about a thousand.”  
 Lilah leans in close to him: “I saw what you did to Baker – so I know you want to survive. This is your only chance. Take it.”  
 Angel: “Thanks for the champagne.”  
 The two guards stick their charged cattle prods into his face.  
 Angel: “Relax. Take me back.”  
 Cut to Wesley working on the bracelet.  
 Cordy: “You’d think people get enough gratuitous violence watching Jerry Springer.”  
 Wesley: “Cordelia, do you mind? - I’m trying to concentrate.”  
 Cordy: “You’ve been concentrating all night.”  
 Wesley: “Yes! It’s taken this long to translate the text. I need something that conducts electricity, but not too much of it. This cuff is half magic, half – medieval technology. If I read the alchemist correctly - all I need is..”  
 He touches a wire to the cuff. There is an explosion of sparks and Wesley is thrown backwards onto the floor. Cordy runs over to him.  
 Cordy: “Ouch! Are you okay?”  
 Wesley sitting back up: “Perhaps – something that conducts a little less electricity.”  
 Cut to Angel walking back into the demon barracks.  
 Trepkos to Cribb: “He was free.”  
 Cribb: “Bloodsucker is crazier than I thought.”  
 Darin to Angel: “You think you’re proving something special by coming back here? (Angel crosses the red line and holds out his left wrist. Darin locks a bracelet around it) They didn’t help you before, they’re not going to help you now. Every one of them knows the only way out of here is by himself. But you find that out soon enough yourself because tonight – you’re going to fight Trepkos. Smart money says he’s walking out the front door. You’re his 21st kill.”  
 Darin walks out and Angel and Trepkos look at each other.  
 Cut to the bracelet in the vise on Angel’s table. A hand holding a pair of pliers slowly touches the stick held with them down on the bracelet. Nothing happens. Wesley’s head peeks up above the edge of the table.  
 Wesley: “Too thick.”  
 Cordy’s head peeks out from behind a pillar.  
 Cordy: “Oh. Tick-tick, Wesley!”  
 Wesley: “I don’t know what else to try. We need something supple enough to thread the locking mechanism, but strong enough to spring the release.”  
 Cordy: “Horsehair.”  
 Wesley: “Horsehair?”  
 Cordy fiddles with her bracelet: “From Keanu, my palomino, before the IRS took him away.”  
 Wesley takes a strand of hair and puts it between the pliers: “Horsehair.”  
 Cordy: “Well, we tried just about everything else.”  
 Wesley ducks back down below the table and Cordy runs back behind her pillar. Wesley touches the horsehair to the XXI on the cuff. There is a short zap and it springs open.  
 Cut to the arena. The sign says ‘Grador vs Siru’ and ‘Angel vs Trepkos’.  
 Man at betting counter: “Next please.”  
 Lilah: “10 000 on Trepkos.”  
 Cut to the pit.  
 Announcer: “Tonight’s match features a new favorite in the ring – a vampire. Ladies and Gentlemen please welcome for the second night in a row, and still fresh from his first kill – Angel!”  
 Doors open and Angel walks into the ring.  
 Announcer: “His opponent is a fan favorite who needs no introduction (Angel looks up at Lilah in the stands) This marks his 21st and final fight. Let’s give a special welcome to a true champion: Val Trepkos!”  
 Trepkos enters the ring and he and Angel confront each other.  
 Angel: “Is this how you want to pay for your freedom? With 21 bodies? You’ll always be their slave - even if they take that off your wrist.”  
 Trepkos: “I’ll kill you quick.”  
 Angel: “I won’t let you.”  
 Trepkos steps back and they begin to fight. Angel is again just fighting defensively.  
 Cribb watching from the barracks: “Vampire is going to get his head ripped off – maybe his heart torn out. – What a loser.”  
 Angel, bleeding from the corner of his mouth, falls facedown to the floor, but gets back up.  
 Cut to Cordy walking down a dirty hallway and up to a guard.  
 Cordy: “Can you help me? I’m a little lost. (She draws the guard away from the corridor opening he was standing in front off) I’m looking for the Ladies room. (Wesley dart out around the corner and past the guard) They said it was this way – or is - is that back up one level?”  
 Cut to Trepkos beating up on Angel.  
 Cut to Cribb walking away from the window to the pit. Wesley walks up to a barred window in the fencing around the prisoner’s area.  
 Wesley to Cribb: “Excuse me. Psst. Come here. Yes, you. (Cribb walks a little closer) I need to see Angel. Tall fellow – prominent brow.”  
 Cribb: “Yeah, he’s dead.”  
 Wesley: “Dead.”  
 Cribb: “In about 20 seconds he will be. He’s fighting Trepkos. And who the hell are you?”  
 Wesley: “Uh, I’m a friend. Perhaps we can help each other. I have a key.”  
 Cribb: “A key?”  
 Wesley holds up a stick with a piece of horsehair mounted to the end.  
 Wesley: “This unlocks the cuffs. Help me save Angel and I’ll get you out. All of you. If we band together..”  
 Cribb’s tongue shoots out and rips the stick out of Wesley’s hand.  
 Wesley: “What are you – give that back! – Hey!”  
 Cut to Angel and Trepkos fighting.  
 Darin to a guard: “Alright. Let’s make it more interesting.”  
 The guard drops two pointed wooden staffs into the pit. Trepkos catches one out of the air, the other drops to the ground. As he charges Angel with it Angel vaults out of the way, picking up the other stick as he rolls back to his feet and the fight continues. (Nice moves here.) The crowd is getting excited and we see Wesley walk into the area above the pit, looking for Cordy.  
 Cordy: “Wesley, what happened?”  
 Wesley: “One of them took my key.”  
 Cordy: “Angel can’t last much longer. We have to do something now.”  
 Wesley spots Darin: “We will.”  
 Angel has lost his staff and Trepkos has him in a bind. Angel manages to throw Trepkos against the wall, but Trepkos bounces back, stabbing Angel through the gut with his staff. Angel hits the staff breaking it in two (one half still stuck through his side) catches Trepkos wrist as he tries to hit Angel with the remaining piece and kicks his feet out from under Trepkos. Trepkos lands hard on his back. Angel pulls out the piece stuck in his side and presses the pointy end against Trepkos’ throat.  
 Cut to Cribb unlocking his cuff. He hears the crowd chanting Angel’s name and goes to look. Sees Angel getting off Trepkos, throw the stick away and walks off as the crowd boos. Trepkos gets back up and kicks Angel in the back. The crowd chants “Killing blow. Killing blow.” As Trepkos beats up on Angel, who’s not even trying to block any of the blows any more.  
 Wesley pulls Cordy over towards Darin.  
 Trepkos pulls back his fist to hit Angel again (who’s in pretty bad shape by now) and they stare at each other. The crowd keeps chanting “Killing blow. Killing blow.” Trepkos lowers his fist and stares up into the stands. The crowd falls quiet. Trepkos looks back at Angel then turns away and Angel collapses to the ground. Trepkos scans the crowd.  
 Darin to the guard in the pit: “Both of them.”  
 The guards raise their cattle prods.  
 Wesley holding a gun on Darin: “Call them off.”  
 Some of the spectators start to leave as Wesley cocks his gun.  
 Darin: “Screw you.”  
 The doors to the pit burst open and Cribb and the other demons storm the arena. Darin grabs Wesley’s gun hand as he is distracted and the tow of them start to struggle. The demons are beating up the guards as the crowd runs for the exits.  
 Cribb bends over Angel with the key: “Give me your wrist. (Unlocks the cuff) Loser.”  
 Lilah is one of the last to leave. The demons have killed all the guards and most of them run back out through the doors in the pit.  
 Darin manages to get the gun away from Wesley and push him down. As he aims to shoot him Cordy pushes him over the railing into the pit with a metal stand.  
 Cribb is supporting Angel. Darin points the gun at Trepkos.  
 Darin: “You stupid slave. You had your 21! But you had to go and ruin it for everybody else.”  
 Trepkos pivots so Darin’s back is to Angel and Cribb. Angel pulls Darin’s hand down as he shoots, and Cribb locks a cuff around Darin’s left wrist.  
 Cribb throws Darin at Trepkos: “Trepkos, - catch.”  
 Trepkos throws Darin up into the stands and he disintegrates as he passes the red line around the pit. The bracelet lands on the floor between Cordy and Wesley, who are the only one’s left up there.  
 Cribb unlocks Trepkos cuff. Angel’s knees give as he tries to walk out and Trepkos catches him.  
 Trepkos: “Easy.”  
 Angel: “Thanks. Thanks.”  
 Trepkos: “It was a good fight.”  
 Angel: “Yeah.”  
 The three of them walk out. Angel sways, and Trepkos catches him again before he falls.  
 Angel: “I could have taken you.”  
 Cut to Wesley and Cordy supporting Angel between them as they walk out of the club.  
 Cordy: “Angel you don’t look so – well, it’s a good thing that you heal fast.”  
 Angel: “Yeah. It’s also a good thing you found me in time.”  
 Cordy: “We weren’t going to let anything happen to you.”  
 Wesley: “No.”  
 Cordy: “Well, I mean, beyond the slavery and the severe beatings and stuff. Wesley came up with the key!”  
 Wesley: “But Cordelia came up with the key to the key! In a clinch moment.”  
 Angel: “You both did great. And - I think we did a - good thing here tonight.”  
 Wesley looking after the departing demons: “Yes. We set the captives free.”  
 Cordy: “Well, actually, didn’t we set – a bunch of - demons free?”  
 Wesley: “Oh. Well. Technically – yes.” 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 