Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x15 - The Prodigal - Angel 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x15 - The Prodigal https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=154&t=9438 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/25/00 01:06 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x15 - The Prodigal 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Trevor Lockley: “Who’s this?”  
 Kate: “This is Angel. He’s a friend. Angel, this is my father.”  
 Kate: “My daddy forgot how to be anything but a cop a long time ago. Maybe that’s - that’s why I became a cop, too.”  
 Angel: “Kate, do you trust me?”  
 Kate: “You know I do.”  
 Angel dropping through the ceiling to fight Penn. Angel in vamp face looking down at Kate. Kate pulling a gun on Angel.  
 Kate: “What are you?”  
 Angel: “You already know the answer, Kate.”  
 Kate running Angel through the stomach with a 2x4 dusting Penn through him.  
 Angel: “You missed.”  
 Kate: “No, I didn’t.”  
 Sunrise in Galway, Ireland 1753. A maid servant is filling a pitcher with water at a well. Angel is leaning against the wall of the house in the shadow looking disheveled.  
 Angel: “Anna.”  
 Anna: “Master Liam?”  
 Angel: “Anna, come closer.”  
 Anna: “Master Liam, your father...”  
 Angel: “Will be off to church by now, repenting of his sins, and well he should. Closer, Anna.”  
 Anna: “Why do you keep to the shadows, sir? Are you not well?”  
 Angel: “The light. It bothers my eyes just now.”  
 Angel’s dad: “And I know the reason why. (Pushes Angel out into the sunlight of the courtyard) Up again all night, is it? Drinking and whoring. I smell the stink of it on you.”  
 Angel picks himself up: “And a good morning to you, father.”  
 Dad: “You’re a disgrace.”  
 Angel: “If you say so, father.”  
 Dad: “Oh, I do. I do say so. Have you not had enough debauchery for one night? Must you corrupt the servants as well?”  
 Angel: “Servant, father. We have *one* servant. Anyway, - everyone gets corrupted, - but I find some forms of corruption - are more pleasant...”  
 His Dad hits Angel hard across the face, making him spin around.  
 Dad: “I am ashamed to call you my son. You’re a lay-about and a scoundrel and you’ll never amount to anything more than that.”  
 Cut from the Angel of 1753 wiping the blood off his lip to the Angel of today wiping blood of his split lip. He is fighting a demon in a subway tunnel in front of a stopped subway car.  
 Cut to Kate and an officer walking on the subway station platform.  
 Officer: “Crazy homeless guy got on at Central Street Station. Went nuts. Started tearing up the car, threatened some passengers. It was one of them that pulled the emergency brake. They’re all still pretty shook up.”  
 Kate: “What about the suspect?”  
 Officer: “Gone.”  
 Kate: “The call said it was a hostage situation.”  
 Officer: “It was.”  
 Kate: “The suspect escaped?”  
 Officer: “Well, we’re still trying to get the story, but it’s a little unclear.”  
 Kate: “Unclear? You have two dozen witnesses!”  
 Officer: “I know, and they are all saying the same thing.”  
 Kate: “Which is?”  
 Officer: “That the suspect went out through the top vent while the train was still moving.”  
 Kate: “He climbed out of the moving train.”  
 Officer: “They’re saying he was pulled out.”  
 Kate: “Pulled out by what? (Officer just looks at her) Get statements.”  
 She walks down towards the stopped cars.  
 Cut to Angel and the demon fighting. The demon collapses to the ground just as Kate comes running up with a flashlight in her hand. Sees Angel, sees that the thing on the ground is not human.  
 Kate: “Well, I guess I can forget about reading him his rights.”  
 Intro.  
 Kate: “It’s uhm – it’s not a person, is it?”  
 Angel: “No. Demon.”  
 Kate: “Is it...”  
 Angel: “Dead? Yeah, Kate, it-it’s dead.”  
 Kate: “So they – so they die then.”  
 Angel: “Yeah.”  
 Kate lets out a big sigh.  
 Kate: “Sorry, I guess I’m still having a little trouble with this otherworldly stuff.”  
 Angel: “Right. - Although demons aren’t technically otherworldly. I mean, in fact they were here (Kate looks at him and walks back towards the station) – first.”  
 Cut to them walking back into the station.  
 Kate: “So, do I call the coroner or hazardous materials?”  
 Angel: “My advice? Don’t call anyone. I’ll see it gets taken care of.”  
 Kate: “And what do I put in my report?”  
 Angel: “Just do what you would normally do in a case like this.”  
 Kate: “There is no normal in a case like this.”  
 Angel: “Los Angeles, Kate, you’ve seen this kind of thing before, probably a lot. You just didn’t have a name for it, that’s all.”  
 Kate: “No, I think I’d remember.”  
 Angel: “Yeah, well, people have a way of seeing what they need to.”  
 Delivery guy to officer taking his statement: “No, nothing really stood out, -except maybe the smell. Just your average Joe stink homeless guy.”  
 Kate walks over the pair.  
 Officer hands her a pad: “That’s what we got.”  
 Kate reads: “Average height, average weight, average build. (To witness) That’s the best you can do? You’re the one that pulled the emergency brake?”  
 Delivery guy: “Yeah. The guy came right at me.”  
 Kate: “Why?”  
 Delivery guy: “He didn’t say.”  
 Kate: “No. Why did you pull the emergency brake?”  
 Delivery guy with a slight frown: “It was an emergency?”  
 Kate turns around to look back at Angel, then hands the pad back to the officer.  
 Kate: “Well, lets get this description circulated. We want to find this guy, right?”  
 Officer: “Right. We’ll do our best.”  
 Delivery guy: “Can I go?”  
 Kate: “Yeah, you can go.”  
 Angel walks up to Kate: “What’s your father doing here?”  
 Kate sees her father talking to an officer.  
 Officer: “Nah, not much to go on.”  
 Kate looks at Angel than walks over to her dad.  
 Kate: “Daddy, what are you doing down here?”  
 Trevor: “In the neighborhood.”  
 Kate: “You’ve been sitting in your apartment listening to the police scanner again, haven’t you.”  
 Trevor: “Nothing on cable anyway. I heard you had a hostage situation. Looks like I missed all the action.”  
 Kate: “35 years on the force, don’t you think you’ve seen enough action? – Did you also happen to hear I was the lead officer on scene?”  
 Trevor: “You look like you’re doing okay. Let you get back to it.”  
 As Trevor walks off Angel steps up next to Kate.  
 Angel: “What’s he up to?”  
 Kate looking after her dad: “I think he’s actually checking up on me.”  
 Angel: “You sound surprised.”  
 Kate turns to look at Angel: “No, you don’t get to do that.”  
 Angel: “What?”  
 Kate: “Kill a demon in front of me and then act like we’re going to have a cappuccino together. It doesn’t work that way.”  
 Angel: “How’s it work?”  
 Kate: “I’m not convinced it does. - Look, no offence. I think you’re probably a pretty decent guy for a – You know, what you are, but lets keep this strictly business, all right? We don’t get personal. I’m not your girlfriend.”  
 Cut to Darla watching Angel in a tavern fight.  
 Darla to maid: “Who is he?”  
 Maid: “Who, that one?”  
 Angel takes a drink from his mug of ale and goes back to fighting.  
 Darla: “Yes. - He’s magnificent.”  
 Maid: “Oh, yeah, God’s gift, alright.”  
 Darla: “Really? I’ve never known God to be so generous.”  
 Maid: “Oh, his lies sound pretty when the stars are out. - But he forgets every promise he’s made when the sun comes up again.”  
 Darla as Angel smiles at her: “That wouldn’t really be a problem for me actually.”  
 Angel starts walking towards Darla when someone brakes a bottle over his head.  
 Cut to close up of Angel now.  
 Cordy: “Pay attention! All we have to do is decide what the code will be.”  
 Angel: “Code.”  
 Cordy holds up a brochure: “For the security system we just had installed. Hello? What have we been talking about anyway?”  
 Angel: “I don’t...”  
 Cordy: “Come on. The installation guy said it should be something easy to remember, like - my birthday.”  
 Angel: “I don’t know your birthday.”  
 Cordy: “Yeah, tell me something that you don’t know that I *don’t* know. But after 11 and ½ months of punching it into this, you won’t have any excuses.”  
 Wesley comes in carrying to open books.  
 Angel getting up: “Did you identify it?”  
 Wesley: “I-I believe so. (Shows him a picture) Uh, would *that* be the demon you encountered this morning?”  
 Angel: “Yeah, that’s him.”  
 Wesley: “Her, actually. It’s a Kwaini. They’re always female.”  
 Angel: “Okay, what’s it say about disposal methods?”  
 Wesley: “Well, it should be relatively standard. Burial on virgin soil, simple Latinate incantation – however...”  
 Angel: “What?”  
 Wesley: “Well, it’s curious. According to everything I could find a Kwaini is a peaceful, balancing demon. Non-violent.”  
 Angel: “Non-violent. No. Ha. This thing was a fighter.”  
 Wesley: “Not if it’s a Kwaini is wasn’t, at least not a fighter by nature. They’re incredibly articulate, gentle creatures not even capable of the kind of power and strength you described.”  
 Cordy: “Maybe it was just having a bad skanky-rag day.”  
 Angel sits down with a sigh: “Oh, something set it off. That’s for sure.”  
 Wesley: “Clearly.”  
 Angel: “Alright. So forgetting for the moment whether this thing should have been able to fight as well as it did, what would make a peaceful, balancing demon attack a train-full of LA commuters in the first place?”  
 Wesley: “Something on the train, perhaps?”  
 Angel: “Or someone.”  
 Cut to Angel standing in the door to Kate’s office at the police station.  
 Kate sees him: “Angel.”  
 Angel: “Hi. Can we talk?”  
 Kate: “What’s up?”  
 Angel: “It’s about that demon from this morning.”  
 Kate: “Look if you insist on... (Hurries over to shut the door) talking about this stuff, could you please don’t say that word? It makes me (Closes the blinds on the window in the door) it makes me, I don’t know, just - uncomfortable. Just say – ‘evil thing’, okay?”  
 Angel: “Sure. Yeah. I understand.”  
 Kate: “Thanks. Anyway, I thought you were going to take care of it.”  
 Angel: “It’s being taken care of. It’s just that the ah, evil thing - turns out it wasn’t an *evil* thing.”  
 Kate: “The evil thing wasn’t an evil thing?”  
 Angel: “Well, it was an evil thing in terms of that word. It just wasn’t an evil evil thing.”  
 Kate: “There are not evil evil things?”  
 Angel: “Well – yeah.”  
 Kate: “Right. Sorry. Hey, anyway, how did you get in here? It’s like the middle of the day. Don’t you have to...”  
 Angel: “Sewer system leads up to the parking garage.”  
 Kate: “Ah, right. Of course. I remember.”  
 Angel: “Listen, Kate, I need the names of the passengers on that train.”  
 Kate: “Why?”  
 Angel: “I think that the demon uh, - I think that the *train* may have been targeted for a reason.”  
 Kate: “An evil thing needs a reason?”  
 Angel: “I think it’s after something or someone.”  
 Kate: “There was nothing on that train. We searched it.”  
 Angel: “Passengers.”  
 Kate: “All checked out.”  
 Angel: “I want to look into them anyway. And I think we should start with that delivery guy, uh, the man who pulled the emergency brake. He said that that thing was coming right...”  
 Kate: “It’s still dead, right?”  
 Angel: “Yeah.”  
 Kate: “Good. You told me to forget about it. I’d like to.”  
 Angel: “I think the...”  
 Kate: “Angel. There is nothing here. Your not evil evil thing was just evil. Okay? Now can’t we just leave it at that?”  
 Wesley on Phone: “I suppose one can hardly blame her for being skittish on the topic.”  
 Angel sitting in his car: “I guess so. I don’t know. Ever since she ran me through with a 2x4 things have been different.”  
 Wesley walking in the subway tunnel: “Well, she’ll come around. I think you’ll find that most people require some period of adjustment after being confronted with the dark forces, which surround us. Women in particular...”  
 Cordy crouched over the dead demon waving a hacksaw: “Found it!”  
 Wesley watches Cordy sawing into the demon: “Struggle with it.”  
 Angel: “Maybe. I’m just afraid if she keeps struggling with the bigger picture – she’ll lose the details.”  
 Wesley: “Details?”  
 Angel watches the delivery guy coming out of his truck: “Yeah, like why a guy who drives a delivery van would be on a commuter train during his shift.”  
 Wesley putting on some gloves: “Good question. Anyway, it appears we’ve located the Kwaini’s body.”  
 Angel: “Okay. You’ll run the tests?”  
 Wesley: “Yes.”  
 Angel: “Good. I’ll see you back at the office.”  
 The delivery guys cell phone rings and he answers it. He gets in his van and drives off. Angel follows in his car.  
 The guy walks into an apartment building. He knocks on a door. Angel watches as Kate’s dad hands the guy a package wrapped in brown paper. The guy sticks it in his delivery bag and leaves.  
 Cut to Trevor grabbing a cup of tea in his apartment. He goes to answer a knock on his door.  
 Angel: “Mr. Lockley?”  
 Trevor: “Yeah?”  
 Angel: “I’m Angel. We met at your retirement party? - I’m a friend of your daughter’s.”  
 Trevor: “Katie? Did something...”  
 Angel: “She’s fine.”  
 Trevor: “She with you?”  
 Angel: “No. She doesn’t know I’m here either. Though you can bet she’d be interested to know who else was just here visiting you. – You know she actually thought that you were at the crime scene today because you were worried about her?”  
 Trevor: “What do you want?”  
 Angel: “I want to know what was in that package. The one you gave that delivery guy.”  
 Trevor: “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”  
 Angel: “You removed something from the crime scene today. Something somebody didn’t want the police to find. (Trevor gets ready to shut the door) Who do you work for, Mr. Lockley?”  
 Trevor: “I don’t work for anybody. I’m retired. You were at the party, remember?”  
 Angel: “I will find out what’s going on, sir. I’m just telling you that now out of respect for Kate.”  
 Trevor: “Are you threatening me, son?”  
 Angel: “No. I’m trying to protect your daughter.”  
 Trevor: “Protect my daughter. From what?”  
 Angel: “From finding out the reason you were there today wasn’t because you cared about her.”  
 Trevor: “You got any kids, Angel?”  
 Angel: “No.”  
 Trevor: “Right. Then don’t think you know how a father feels, or why he does the things he does.”  
 Slams the door in Angel’s face.  
 Cut to Angel of the past stumbling up to his mother and little sister in his home.  
 His father from behind him: “Liam! You’ll do as I say.”  
 Angel to his little sister: “Sweet Kathy. No tears. We’ll meet again.”  
 Dad: “Defy me now, you won’t. - Not as long as I live.”  
 Angel: “You’ll want to move away from the door now, father.”  
 Dad: “Go through it, but don’t ever expect to come back.”  
 Angel: “As you wish, father. Always, *just* as you wish.”  
 Dad: “It’s a son I wished for – a man – instead God gave me you! A terrible disappointment.”  
 Angel: “Disappointment? A more dutiful son you couldn’t have asked for. My whole life you’ve told me in word, in glance, what it is you required of me, and I’ve lived down to your every expectations, now haven’t I?”  
 Dad: “That’s madness!”  
 Angel: “No. The madness is that I couldn’t fail enough for you. But we’ll fix that now, won’t we?”  
 Dad: “I fear for you, lad.”  
 Angel: “And is that the only thing you can find in your heart for me now, father?”  
 Dad: “Who’ll take you in, huh? No one!”  
 Angel: “I’ll not lack for a place to sleep, I can tell you that. Out of my way.”  
 Dad: “I was never in your way, boy.”  
 Angel opens the door and storms out.  
 Dad: “If you’ll go courting trouble, you’re sure to find it!”  
 Slams the door.  
 Cut to the barmaid at the tavern smiling as Angel picks her up. Cut to Darla scratching her chest to make it bleed. Cut to the barmaid. Cut to Darla in the alley. Cut to the Barmaid feeding Angel some grapes.  
 Darla voice over: “You know what to do. Darling boy.”  
 Cut to Angel following Darla into the alley.  
 Darla voice over: “I could show you – things you’ve never seen.”  
 Darla bites him and his eyes pop open. He’s knees give out and Darla pushes his mouth on top of the bloody scratch on her chest.  
 Kate to her Dad: “So why the sudden urge to have lunch?”  
 Trevor: “Lunchtime, isn’t it?”  
 Kate: “Right. So you drive all the way out here for a hotdog?”  
 Trevor: “Not just a hotdog. One of Manny’s. Best there is.”  
 He sits down on the edge of a planter.  
 Kate: “Alright. I’ll let you and Manny catch up then.”  
 Trevor: “And I thought I could spend a little time with my daughter.”  
 Kate sits down.  
 Trevor: “So, you’ve been good?”  
 Kate: “Yeah. Yeah, good.”  
 Trevor: “And, uh, - how’s Angel?”  
 Kate: “Pardon me?”  
 Trevor: “Tall, good-looking fellow you brought to my retirement party.”  
 Kate: “Yeah, I know who you mean.”  
 Trevor: “That ain’t a Mexican name, is it? Angel?”  
 Kate: “I don’t think so.”  
 Trevor: “You two still seeing each other?”  
 Kate: “We were never – seeing each other, dad.”  
 Trevor: “What’s wrong with him?”  
 Kate: “Nothing!”  
 Trevor: “Must be something wrong with him. He married?”  
 Kate: “No.”  
 Trevor: “West Hollywood?”  
 Kate: “Daddy, no! - Angel’s just - not my type. Or I’m not his type. There is definitely a type involved and it’s the wrong one.”  
 Trevor: “He’s got a job.”  
 Kate: “Yeah, he’s a P.I.”  
 Trevor: “Private Investigator. He any good?”  
 Kate: “Yeah, he’s good. – Very good. - He doesn’t mind working nights.”  
 Trevor: “That’s good. - That’s good that he’s good.”  
 Kate: “You came all the way down here to talk about a guy you saw me out with once?”  
 Trevor: “Well, - he made an impression.”  
 Kate: “You like him?”  
 Trevor: “No, not really.”  
 Kate: “Oh. Then what’s this all about?”  
 Trevor: “Nothing, just – just, uh, (sighs) It’s not good to be alone, Katie.”  
 
 
 
 Cut to Wesley dressed like a doctor examining some meat on a silver tray in Angel’s apartment.  
 Wesley: “Well, the vivisection confirms it. This is most certainly a Kwaini.”  
 Angel: “So the species has evolved. It’s become violent.”  
 Wesley: “No, I don’t think so. My tests detected something else.”  
 Angel: “What is it?”  
 Wesley holding up a piece of meat: “Think of it as the creatures adrenal gland. Normally it would be the size of a walnut.”  
 Angel: “What happened to it?”  
 Wesley: “I believe the inflammation was caused by this substance. (Hold up a little bottle) I found traces of it through out the Kwaini’s system.”  
 Angel takes the bottle: “Any idea what it is?”  
 Wesley: “Well, it’s difficult to say under these primitive conditions, - but what I *can* tell you is it’s synthetic. It seems to contain properties not unlike street PCP, though more metaphysical in nature of course. I did identify Eye of Newt as one of the ingredients, but one suspects added chiefly for taste, rather than kick.”  
 Angel: “So, you’re saying that the thing was on drugs.”  
 Wesley: “Yes.”  
 Angel: “That’s why it attacked the subway train. The delivery guy was probably carrying it.”  
 Wesley: “I think that it would be a fair intuitive leap to assume that the Kwaini was jonesing to get well. Yes.”  
 Angel: “So not only did this stuff turn the Kwaini violent – it enhances innate strength.”  
 Wesley: “Times 20, I would say.”  
 Angel: “Hmm. What would happen if this drug were given to an already powerful battle-demon?”  
 Wesley: “I shudder to think.”  
 Cordy comes down the stairs wearing a short blond wig and sunglasses.  
 Cordy: “Hey guys? Security system, remember? What is the point of having it, if you never turn it on? I could have been anyone or anything! (Motions to the stuff on the table) Move your – entrails.”  
 Angel and Wesley clear off the table.  
 Angel: “So, you’re back.”  
 Cordy: “Very good Mr. I-can’t-trail-the-suspect-during-the-day-because-I’ll-burst-into-flames Private Eye.”  
 Angel: “What did you find out?”  
 Cordy: “First off, I hate following detail.”  
 Wesley: “The voyeuristic aspect is rather unseemly.”  
 Cordy: “Uh, can I mention traffic? And parking or the complete lack of it?”  
 Angel: “Not like in the movies, is it?”  
 Cordy: “No! But fortunately I am. (Flips the screen out on the camcorder she is holding and shows them a row of still shots) So it turns out delivery guy really is a delivery guy.”  
 Angel: “None of this looks like the package I saw him pick up from Kate’s father.”  
 Cordy: “But this is where he spent his lunch and he was in there for like ever. (Shot of a warehouse with Kel’s Exotic Auto on it, the guy sticks two brown packages into his bag) I don’t know what they were serving, but sure are a lot of leftovers in there, huh?”  
 Angel: “That’s it. That’s the source. That’s where it’s all coming from.”  
 Cut to Trevor in an auto shop.  
 Trevor: “The guy’s name is Angel. He’s a Private Investigator. From what I hear he’s good.”  
 Suit guy: “Any idea on why he’s looking into our operation?”  
 Trevor: “I don’t know. He’s got his reasons I guess. - What was in the package?”  
 Suit guy: “Mr. Lockley, we agreed...”  
 Trevor: “We agreed that I’d use my department connections to facilitate movement of your untariffed auto-parts. We didn’t agree that I’d be removing evidence form crime scenes, or - pumping my own daughter for information.”  
 Suit guy: “We understand the extra lengths to which you’ve gone. (Pulls out a thick brown envelope and lays it on the table) Don’t think that we are not appreciative.”  
 Trevor lets out a deep breath and takes it with a grimace.  
 Trevor: “My advice to you guys? Whatever it is you’re moving in your little brown packages, (Starts to walk out) dial it down for a while.”  
 Suit guy: “Sound advice, Mr. Lockley, thank you very much.”  
 The door closes behind Trevor and suit guy turns around to one big ugly demon stepping out of the shadows.  
 Suit guy: “Any instructions on how we should deal with this Angel person, sir?”  
 Demon: “Kill him.”  
 Suit guy: “Sure that would be wise, Sir? Lockley appears to be growing uncomfortable with our arrangement as it is. Sudden death of this private investigator could turn him...”  
 Demon: “Kill Lockley, too. (Turns to go) God, do I have to think of everything around here? Someone give me an adrenal gland!”  
 Cut to Angel’s funeral in 1753. Angel’s mom and sister are crying while his dad stands looking straight ahead.  
 Priest: “Taken too soon from the bosom of his family, a man of just 20 years and 6, Liam was well-loved by everyone he met. (?) Receive this your humble servant. We pray that you may take his eternal soul into your care, Father.”  
 Cut to the grave being filled in. The only mourner still standing beside the grave is his father, still staring straight ahead.  
 Cut to the grave stone. 1727 – 1753 Beloved Son.  
 Cut to Darla walking up to Angel’s fresh grave that night. A hand breaks through the earth, Angel slowly claws his way out as Darla waits with a smile. (Really nice background music)  
 Darla helps Angel to his feet: “Welcome to my world. It hurts, I know, but not for long. Birth is always painful.”  
 Angel breathing hard: “I could feel them – above me – as I slept in the earth. - Their heartbeats – their blood - coursing - through their veins.”  
 Darla smiles: “Yes.”  
 Angel: “Was it a dream?”  
 Darla: “A dream for you. Soon – their nightmare.”  
 Groundskeeper comes up holding a lantern.  
 Groundskeeper: “You there! (Sees the disturbed grave) What have you done? - Grave robbers!”  
 Angel slowly walks towards him, looks back at Darla who nods at him.  
 Darla: “You know what to do.”  
 Angel turns back and morphs into vamp face.  
 Groundskeeper: “Our Father, who art in heaven hallowed be thy name, thy kingdom come, thy will be done, give us this day our daily...” Screams as Angel bites him. After a moment Angel breaks off to look at Darla again, then finishes draining the guy and drops him. He takes a couple deep breaths then turns back to Darla in human face.  
 Darla: “It all makes sense now, doesn’t it?”  
 Angel: “Perfect sense.”  
 Darla: “You can do anything, have anyone in the village. Who will it be?”  
 Angel: “Any one? (Darla nods) I thought I’d take the village.”  
 Cut to Cordy putting in the security code.  
 Cordy: “0-5-2-2 –there, see?”  
 Wesley reading from flyer: “Right. So now we should be protected by state of the art home and workplace security designed to attractively complement any room, home or office, tm.”  
 Cordy: “Exactly! Which means no lurky minions form hell get in here without us knowing about it first.”  
 Angel steps in: “Sun’ll be down soon. I’m going to head out to this exotic car warehouse. See what I can find out.”  
 Wesley: “You’ll want backup.”  
 Angel: “No, not this time. This is strictly recon. I need to know exactly what we’re dealing with before we make any moves.”  
 Wesley: “Right you are. A deliberate cautious approach would be the most sensible plan. Fools rush in...”  
 Cordy: “No, he wants you to stay here.”  
 Kate walks in: “Hi.”  
 Cordy takes the flyer away from Wesley: “Give me that!”  
 Kate: “Am I interrupting anything?”  
 Angel: “No. It’s alright. Come on in.”  
 Cut to Angel and Kate in his office.  
 Kate hands Angel a sheet of paper: “Here.”  
 Angel takes it: “What’s this?”  
 Kate: “The list of those names you asked for – passengers on the train?”  
 Angel sits down on the edge of his desk and unfold the paper to look at the names.  
 Angel: “Right. - Thank you. (Folds the paper back up) What made you change your mind?”  
 Kate: “Something my father said, actually.”  
 Angel: “Your father?”  
 Kate: “Yeah, he asked if you were good.”  
 Angel: “Good?”  
 Kate: “At what you do. I said you were.”  
 Angel: “Thanks.”  
 Kate: “No matter how uncomfortable I am with certain – circumstances – I can’t let myself ignore your instincts. If you think there is something more going on here then there probably is.”  
 Angel: “I appreciate that.”  
 Kate: “And I’d like to be involved.”  
 Angel: “What?”  
 Kate: “With the case. You find something, you bring me in, okay?”  
 Angel: “Are you – are you sure about that?”  
 Kate: “Got to face those demons sometime, right?”  
 Angel: “Right.”  
 Cut to later. Angel is getting ready to leave searching the whole office for something.  
 Wesley: “Isn’t this going above and beyond the call of duty – and friendship for that matter?”  
 Angel: “I have to at least try, Wesley.”  
 Wesley: “Angel, I understand, you want to protect detective Lockley from learning about her fathers questionable associations, but you’ve already warned him once, and frankly even that may have been too much!”  
 Angel: “Look I already warned him about me, Wesley. But now he needs to understand the real nature of what he’s working for.”  
 Wesley: “If he doesn’t already know.”  
 Angel starts searching through Cordy’s desk: “He doesn’t know. He can’t!”  
 Wesley: “Perhaps. Still. At the very least he must realize that he is in league with someone who if not criminal is most certainly unethical. It’s his choice!”  
 Angel: “Yeah, I know all about it, Wesley, believe me. But sometimes the price we end up paying for one bad choice isn’t commensurate with the offence.”  
 Cordy holds out the car keys to Angel: “You go talk some sense into him then.”  
 Angel: “Thank you.”  
 Angel leaves for the garage while Cordy arms the security system.  
 Wesley: “I hope he knows what he’s doing.”  
 Cordy: “Have a little Faith, Wesley.”  
 A Kwai demon burst in through the door.  
 Security system: “Door is open.”  
 Cordy: “Yeah. Thanks.”  
 The Kwai heads for Cordy, but Wesley tackles it.  
 Alarm: “Bathroom window is ajar.”  
 A second demon comes out of the bathroom as the first one pushes Wesley down and Cordy breaks a vase over its head. The second demon grabs Wesley as he gets back up, but he flips it over his back to the ground. Cordy throws some books at the first one then topples the bookcase on it. Wesley and the second Kwai wrestle on the floor, while the first one throws Cordy against the wall.  
 Angel: “Hey! (Holds the bottle Wesley found with the first demon up) Bet you would like some of this.”  
 The Kwai demons leave off the others. Angel throws the bottle into his office and the Kwai dive after it. Angel grabs one and throws it out through the window.  
 Alarm: “Window is open.”  
 Angel slams the other Kwai down on his desk  
 Cordy: “I’m unplugging it!”  
 Angel to Kwai: “All right. I know you can, so talk!”  
 Cut to Angel walking out to his car.  
 Angel to cell phone: “Kate, it’s Angel. Pick up if you’re there. If you get this message, get your father. Get him out of his house. He’s in danger.”  
 Cut to Trevor opening the door to the suit guys from the auto place.  
 Suit guy: “Mr. Lockley. May we come in?”  
 Trevor: “What do you want?”  
 Suit guy: “It’d be better if we discussed it inside. It concerns your daughter.”  
 Cut to Angel getting in the car.  
 Angel to phone: “He doesn’t know what they are, Kate. He won’t understand. I’m on my way there now.”  
 Cut to Angel’s father nailing up his window from the inside.  
 Angel: “You’re no different from the rest of them, - are you, father? (His father spins around and stares at him) Cowering in their houses – boarding up the windows – smearing that foul herb in the doorways. You’d think something evil – and vile – and monstrous - had taken to terrorizing this village –and everyone in it.”  
 Dad: “Be gone, unclean thing! A demon can not enter a home where it’s not welcome. He must be invited!”  
 Angel: “That’s true. - But I was invited.”  
 Angel looks to the doorway. His father turns and sees little Kathy slumped against the wall.  
 Dad: “Och!”  
 Angel: “She thought I returned to her – an angel.”  
 Dad spins around and charges Angel with the hammer in his hand.  
 Dad: “Murderer!”  
 Angel easily pushes the attack aside, making his dad fall to the ground.  
 Angel: “Strange. - Somehow you seemed taller when I was alive.”  
 Dad flattens himself up against the wall: “Lord, bind this demon now.”  
 Angel: “To think I ever let such a tiny, trembling thing make me feel the way you did.”  
 Dad crosses himself: “I pray ye, give me your protection, Father.”  
 Angel: “You told me I wasn’t a man. (Slowly stalks closer to his dad) You told me I was nothing. – and I believed you. You said I’d never amount to anything. (His dad stares at him with wide-open eyes) Well, you were wrong. (Angel morphs into vamp face) You see, father? - I have made something out of myself after all.”  
 Angel puts a hand over his father’s face and bites him. They slowly slide down the wall and out of the picture.  
 Cut to Trevor’s apartment.  
 Trevor: “You boys like a drink?”  
 Suit guy: “We’ll wait.”  
 Trevor: “Okay. So. You said this was about Katie.”  
 Suit guy: “Yes. Just a question, actually. You haven’t by any chance mentioned to her, even casually, your association with us, have you?”  
 Trevor pouring himself a drink: “She doesn’t know a thing. - Why?”  
 Suit guy: “Well, we were concerned, had you confided in her that she might not share your – pragmatism – given her position and youth.”  
 Trevor: “You mean you were afraid she wasn’t crooked like her old man. She’s not! And she’ll never have to be, I’ve seen to it!”  
 Suit guy: “Ahh, providing for her future of course, very noble. Glad we could help with that.”  
 Trevor takes the bottle back to the shelf: “Yeah. - I’ll be sure and thank you (He opens a door to reveal more bottles and a handgun) when I pick up my father of the year award. Anything else?”  
 Suit guy walks towards Trevor: “Just one more thing.”  
 They are interrupted by a knock on the door. Trevor leaves the gun and goes to open the door.  
 Angel: “Mr. Lockley, I need you to invite me in.”  
 Trevor quietly: “What? Get out of here.”  
 Angel sees the suit guys behind him tries to walk in but can’t.  
 Angel: “Invite me in. Do it now.”  
 Trevor: “Son, you really need to go.”  
 Angel strains against the barrier: “Invite me in. (The two suit guys morph into vamp face) Invite me in! (One of them grabs Trevor and throws him across the room) No. No!”  
 Suit guy to Angel: “Looks like you’re not welcome here, bro.”  
 Angel: “He dies, the very instant his soul leaves his body, I’m through this door and I’ll kill you both!”  
 Angel has to watch helplessly as they drain Kate’s father. They drop him and Angel charges in, kicks a chair to break off a leg, hits the bigger vamp and stakes it. The other vamp runs out of the room, almost colliding with Kate as she runs in.  
 Kate falls on top of her dad: “Oh! Daddy! No, dad.”  
 She sees the bite marks on his neck and breaks down crying.  
 Angel: “Kate – he invited them in. He didn’t know.”  
 Kate crying: “But you did. You knew!”  
 Angel: “I wanted to save him. He – he wouldn’t’ let me. - Look, he was involved in something, Kate, in something he couldn’t have understood.”  
 Kate: “Get out. Get out! Get out! Get out. Get out. Get out. (Angel slowly back towards the door) Please, get out. Please, get out.”  
 Cut to Angel arming himself to the teeth. Throwing star, knife at his waist, knife at his ankle, arm sheath stakes.  
 Wesley: “What happened to calmly, cautiously, and deliberately investigating before rushing in?”  
 Angel: “That was plan A. We’ve since moved on to plan B.”  
 Wesley: “And plan B is?”  
 Angel turns around twirling a big fighting ax in his hand: “Do I really have to explain it to you, Wesley?”  
 Wesley: “No.”  
 Cut to Kate huddled against the wall beside her father’s body. She spots a manila envelope with a bunch of hundreds in it laying open on the floor and crawls over to it. She finds a business card from Kel’s Exotic Auto.  
 Cut to three suited guys gathered around another guy sitting behind a desk at Exotic Auto. Kate walks in and shoots three of them.  
 Kate: “My father may not have known what you are, but I do. I know.”  
 Suit guy: “Do you?”  
 Kate: “Oh, yeah.”  
 Suit guy walks towards her: “I see.”  
 Kate shoots him in the shoulder and he growls.  
 Kate: “I know it won’t kill you. (Pulls a stake out of her back pocket and stakes him) But this will. (He bursts into dust) I told you I knew.”  
 Head demon walks in: “What do you think you know? Do you know what walks this city?”  
 Kate shoots him four times in the chest and he barely even jerks. There are vamps closing in behind her.  
 Demon: “You have no comprehension! You do not understand what stand sbefore you!”  
 Angel walks in behind Kate twirling his ax: “A big, ugly drug-running demon, who thinks he is a lot scarier than he is, maybe? (Everyone looks at him) Yeah. She knows.”  
 Kate and Angel start fighting the vampires while the big demon just watches. Kate goes down beneath a vamp, but Angel reclaims his axe from another vamp, pulls the vamp off Kate and pushes the blade of his ax up against the big demon’s throat.  
 Angel: “We walk out of here now, you don’t lose your head.”  
 Big demon grunts and motions for the other vamps to back off.  
 Angel to Kate: “Lets go.”  
 The big demon takes a step after them. One of the vamps grabs Kate, but she throws him over her hip and stakes him. Angel throws his ax straight up into the air and stakes the tow vamps on either side of him with his spring loaded wrist sheathes, then calmly catches the ax as it comes back down (very cool move!).  
 Demon to Angel: “You’re dead!”  
 Angel: “I’m already dead. (Swings around and beheads the demon) Welcome to the club.”  
 Angel slowly walks over to where Kate is still crouched over the place she dusted that vamp.  
 Angel: “You okay? (Kate is trying not to cry) - Never trust and evil evil thing. - Kate, I know that what happened with your father..”  
 Kate spins to look at him: “My father was human (Gets up) and you don’t know anything about that.”  
 She walks past him without another word and he watches her go.  
 Darla: “This contest is ended, is it?”  
 Angel has his feet up on the table playing with his father’s pipe. His family lies dead around him.  
 Angel: “Now I’ve won.”  
 Darla: “You’re sure?”  
 Angel puts his feet down and picks up a mug of ale: “Of course. I proved who had the power here.”  
 Darla: “You think?”  
 Angel: “What?”  
 Darla: “You’re victory over him took but moments.”  
 Angel looks over at the body of his father and gets up: “Yes?”  
 Darla: “But his defeat of you will last life times.”  
 Angel: “What are you talking about? He can’t defeat me now.”  
 Darla: “Nor can he ever approve of you – in this world or any other. - What we once were informs all that we have become. (Angel looks at his father’s body) The same love will infect our hearts – even if they no longer beat. (Angel looks at his mother’s and his sister’s body) Simple death won’t change that.”  
 Angel: “Love? - Is this the work of love?”  
 Darla steps closer and smiles up at him: “Darling boy. - So young. Still so very young.”  
 (Again beautiful score music through this whole scene)  
 Cut to Kate standing in the sun in front of her dad’s grave marker. She puts some flowers on his grave then walks away while Angel watches her from the shadows of some crypt a ways away.  
 Cut to the grave marker: Trevor Lockley born 1938 at rest 2000 Beloved Father. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 