Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x05 - Season 2, Episode 5 - Home Fires 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x05 - Season 2, Episode 5 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=294&t=26962 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/02/16 03:27 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x05 - Season 2, Episode 5 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 First harvest without your old man. 
 You heard him. 
 Looking forward to it. 
 Our parachutes are high quality. 
 The highest. 
 We have to go. 
 Why? What's happened? 
 They are not getting up. 
 Oh, I understand how you must feel about him. 
 You couldn't even come close. 
 ♪ I can see them talking ♪ 
♪ But I only hear the voices in my head ♪ 
♪ Waiting for the moment they'll be calling to me ♪ 
♪ And if I try ♪ 
♪ I'll remember that the words were never said ♪ 
♪ Only now the others hold no meaning for me ♪ 
 Back to work, lads. This field won't harvest itself. 
 ♪ With wide-open eyes ♪ 
♪ Of blindness ♪ 
♪ I'll leave ♪ 
♪ The ever-calling cries ♪ 
♪ In silence ♪ 
♪ Every place we shouldn't go ♪ 
♪ We shouldn't see, we will never know ♪ 
♪ And all I want ♪ 
♪ All I see ♪ 
♪ All I fear ♪ 
♪ Is waiting for me ♪ 
♪ Now I see ♪ 
♪ I'll be ♪ 
♪ Eyes wide open 
 ♪ All the cries ♪ 
♪ Broken ♪ 
♪ For now... ♪ 
 I do like this. 
 What? 
 Walking to work with you every morning. 
 When I suggested it, I thought you'd resist. 
 Why? 
 Isn't the first rule of teaching never to let pupils know anything about you, in case it undermines your mystique and authority? 
 But here you are, day after day, out in the open with me. 
 Wing Commander Lucas? 
 I wanted to let you know that I'm applying to be a radio operator. 
 Good for you. Your experience at the exchange will suit that perfectly. 
 Oh. 
 Do you know Miss Fenchurch? 
 I've seen you pottering around with the village children, haven't I? 
 Otherwise known as teaching. Yes. 
 Every day. 
 It must be lovely to just shut yourself away with the little ones and pretend the war isn't happening. 
 Unlike the Wing Commander and I, we have to deal with being on the front line. 
 Isn't there somewhere you need to be? 
 There is, yes, sir. 
 Well, perhaps you ought to go, then. 
 If the Germans do ever invade, I'm going to have her dropped behind enemy lines. 
 With any luck, she'll talk them to death. 
 Don't say that! 
 Breakfast, lads. 
 Ma! 
 Ma, the lads have cleared out! 
 I've looked everywhere. 
 What? 
 Must have got a better offer. 
 But we're not finished. 
 Morning! Where do you want me to start? Cows or chickens? 
 Both can wait. I need you in the field with us. 
 In the field? 
 We lost our labour. 
 Thank you. And I'm sorry. See you soon. 
 That's all right. 
 That's the fourth person I've had to apologise to about the eggs. 
 It's not like Steph to be this late. 
 What can I do for you, my love? Please don't say eggs. 
 We're waiting for them to be delivered. 
 Mrs Brindsley? 
 Yes. 
 David Brindsley's mother? 
 David is my son. I'm sorry, what's this about? 
 Mrs Brindsley, may I begin by expressing how sorry I am for your loss. 
 Our loss? 
 What do you mean, our loss? 
 David isn't dead. 
 He's upstairs. 
 Hm. 
 Why don't we stay here forever? 
 Just two little people sitting in a field. 
 I doubt the world would miss us. 
 Bob might miss you. 
 He never does when his work's going well. 
 Which it seems to be at the moment. 
 I am pleased. 
 Are you? 
 More time for you and I to be together. 
 I want you to leave him. 
 Well... 
 What do I do when you get redeployed? 
 At least you'd be free from him. 
 I'm a woman of a certain age, Marek, with no means of supporting myself beyond a certain level of penury. 
 I would send whatever I could. 
 And if you changed your mind about us? 
 Or got taken prisoner? 
 Or... 
 Or got killed? 
 I'd be completely alone. 
 Why don't I... talk to him? 
 Warn him never to lay a finger on you. 
 Because as soon as you go, he would turn on me ten times worse than before. 
 So it's not the answer. 
 Then what is? 
 According to my son you saved nine men from the ship... before it sank. 
 Nine...? 
 You said nothing about this. 
 I only managed to get five out alive. 
 The last four were already dead. 
 Even so... five men are alive because of you. 
 Alan says that David kept going back down until he'd brought the last man out. 
 I thought the ship might go down any minute. 
 But if I'd known four were already dead... I can't say I'd have carried on. 
 Alan assumed that you were caught in the blast when the engine blew up. 
 He was. 
 How is Alan? 
 His face was very badly burned. 
 His eyes... 
 He's lost his sight. 
 I'm so sorry, Mrs Leveson. 
 But he survived. 
 You're a hero, son. 
 No. 
 No. 
 I was literally the last man standing. 
 If they'd been able, any... any one of those men would have done the same thing. 
 Then they would have been heroes too. 
 I'm away down south. 
 When are you next due up? 
 I'm not entirely sure. 
 End of the week possibly, beginning of next. 
 The freeze on parachute training has had a knock-on effect on our delivery schedules. 
 Any idea when the investigation's likely to be wrapped up? 
 They'd better be swift. We're going to need all the flyers we can get our hands on. 
 How are things with the schoolteacher? 
 Very good, I think. 
 You don't seem too sure. 
 She's terrific. It's myself I question. 
 Same old Nick. 
 Same old Nick. 
 Putting you through now, caller. 
 Putting you through, caller. 
 Bob? 
 I'm sorry. 
 I just couldn't wait for you to get home. 
 We're not allowed visitors at the exchange. 
 Don't mind me. I won't tell. 
 Read this. 
 £200? 
 Thank God for the war... dragging me back to the battlefield. 
 It's clearly my subject. 
 Let me read it again. 
 An advance for £200. 
 Is that for a book, Mr Simms? 
 It is, yes. My new one. 
 Well, congratulations. 
 Thank you. 
 Er... 
 "An extraordinarily moving opening chapter that leaves us breathless with anticipation for the rest of the book". 
 Oh. - "Breathless with anticipation". 
 I look forward to reading it. 
 You can have a signed copy. 
 Well, that would be kind. 
 I'm very proud of you, Bob. 
 Thank you. 
 Aside from everything else, it means that you don't have to work here any more. 
 What? 
 Well, don't you understand? 
 This... changes everything. 
 You need to strip them faster, Isobel! 
 Rip off the husks and silk as fast as you can. 
 Grab and rip! Grab and rip! 
 Keep going, Stan! Same rate! 
 Why have you stopped? 
 My fingers are hurting. They're not used to this. 
 You can't slow down, we'll fall behind. 
 I'm getting blisters. 
 Work through 'em! 
 If she's getting blisters... 
 Think the government will worry about that when they give our land to a farmer that can deliver the quota? 
 She's doing her best. 
 We get up a head of steam, then she stops and slows us down. 
 I'll try harder. 
 It won't be enough! 
 Ma! 
 Look, if she can't pull her weight, we're better off without her. 
 I'm sorry. 
 I think it's best you go, Isobel. 
 This isn't something you can do. 
 If you can take me off the field, Stan, I'll find my own way home. 
 You heard the woman. 
 This way. 
 I'm sorry, Steph. 
 Urgh! 
 I should never have let you talk me into this. 
 When he contacted me, he sounded utterly desperate. 
 The street's devastated. 
 I would have offered the vicarage. 
 But you have so much space here. 
 Not to mention the staff that can keep an eye on him while you're otherwise engaged. 
 And besides... Noah is Peter's son. 
 Thank you so, so much for coming. 
 Words can't express my gratitude for what you did. 
 And when he's able, I'm certain Alan would like to see you... meet you. 
 Give him my very best wishes for his recovery. 
 I shall. 
 Goodbye, Mr Brindsley. 
 It's been a pleasure to meet you, Mrs Leveson. 
 And thank you for your hospitality. 
 Words aren't enough. 
 I'll walk with you to the bus stop. 
 Then I'll pop over to Steph's to see what's the hold up? 
 Are you sure that's a good idea? 
 After what we've heard this morning, I think I can waddle round to a farm at my own pace. 
 David. 
 Whatever you say, I... 
 I couldn't be more proud of you, son. 
 Hello, Mother. 
 Thank you. 
 Bob. 
 Hm? 
 I want to continue to work at the exchange. 
 It's unseemly for the wife of a successful writer to be going out to work. 
 Besides, I'm going to need you here to keep me fed and watered. 
 This book is going to take a lot of writing. 
 I'm going to need a lot of support. A real team effort. 
 But I like working at the exchange. 
 It's never been a question of what you may or may not like, Pat. 
 It's always been a question of necessity. 
 Your job at the exchange, it's no longer necessary. 
 So... you'll no longer do it. 
 It's great, in't it, eh? You could play cricket. 
 I will not be forced into a relationship with the boy. 
 Stop calling him "the boy". 
 I'm regarding Noah as a temporary evacuee, nothing more. 
 Oh, er... good morning, Mrs Barden, Mrs Collingborne. 
 Good morning, Mr Lakin. 
 Hello, Noah. 
 Would you take... show Noah inside, take him to his room? 
 Of course. Come on, Noah. 
 We'll go in two by two. 
 I won't leave without saying goodbye. 
 Shall I take his case? 
 Oh, yes, thank you. 
 I know this isn't easy for you, Mrs Barden. 
 But my wife and I so greatly appreciate you taking Noah in while we look for a place to live. 
 How long before you find something? 
 Well, I've been told within two weeks. 
 But it might prove longer. 
 It's a weight off our mind, knowing that Noah is in a place of safety. 
 Oh, it would be a mistake to describe Great Paxford as a place of safety. 
 A month ago, an unexploded bomb had to be defused just 50 feet away from where we're standing. 
 Three nights back 160 planes started bombing the living daylights out of Liverpool, handing out similar every night since. 
 Thousands of people have lost their homes. 
 Point taken. 
 We'll do our very best to look after him. 
 Steph? 
 Steph? 
 Steph? 
 Steph? 
 Steph? 
 Steph? 
 Steph! 
 Where's... where's Stan? 
 Can you get up? 
 I... I'm going to try and get you on your feet. 
 Ma! 
 I found her lying here. 
 We need to get her inside. I tried to lift her... 
 She was heading for the house. 
 Mind out, mind out. That's it. 
 You can do it. 
 Up you go. 
 Let's get you inside, Ma. 
 Sorry to disturb you, ma'am. 
 You're not at all. 
 What can I do for you? 
 I have a message for Miss Fenchurch. 
 She's at work. I can tell her when she gets home. 
 Wing Commander Lucas has asked me to invite Miss Fenchurch to Tabley Wood tonight at 10pm. 
 The Wing Commander appreciates it's late but there's a great deal going on at the moment. 
 Thank you. 
 Is there any further news about the parachute accidents? 
 You know about that? 
 Wing Commander Lucas mentioned it over supper here. 
 Ah. 
 I've been so concerned about all those poor young men. 
 Luckily, there were no fatalities. 
 Well, that is good news. 
 Do they know what caused it? 
 They're pretty sure it's a manufacturing fault. 
 I see. 
 The Ministry is working around the clock to get to the bottom of it. 
 I'll make sure Miss Fenchurch gets the message. 
 Thank you. 
 Don't you feel any differently now that you see Noah in the flesh, in your house? 
 About what? 
 About selling the factory to be free of him? 
 I've trawled through every moment Peter and I had together. 
 And, honestly? 
 I can't locate one false note. 
 Unless Peter was utterly mad... I'm compelled to believe he loved me. 
 Yet from the necklace found with him in the car... he loved Helen too. 
 And, presumably, their son. 
 It's all too much to fully comprehend. 
 That doesn't mean you should give up trying. 
 When Mrs Brindsley found her, she was lying in the field. 
 She's been working hard in your father's absence? 
 Day and night. 
 We can't keep the labour. 
 All the farmers round here compete for the same workers. 
 Some can pay more than others to make sure they meet their quotas. 
 You need to rest. 
 It's a nice idea. 
 You've collapsed from exhaustion. 
 You're dehydrated. If you don't rest properly... 
 You're not listening to me. 
 No, Ma. It's you who's not listening. 
 The doctor's telling you you have to stop. You have to listen to Dr Campbell, Steph. 
 We'll lose the farm. 
 
 
 
 I must admit that when I first read your letter I did wonder if you were more motivated by your desire to settle your affairs before entering the fray... than a son's love for his mother. 
 Could it not be both? 
 Well, I wouldn't presume to know how you feel about me now. 
 You only write once a year, and then in the blandest of terms. 
 Do you ever read over your own letters before sending? 
 Cold, formal, disinterested. 
 I took your emigration very personally. 
 I wanted you to. 
 Hello? 
 Oh, I'm sorry to hear this, Mrs Brindsley. 
 When did it happen? 
 Of course. I'd be happy to help. 
 Goodbye. 
 My apologies. One of our ladies at the Women's Institute has been taken ill at a farm. 
 Seriously? 
 I certainly hope not. I'll go and see her later. 
 You are the President. 
 For the second time. 
 But only temporarily. 
 You must be held in very high esteem. 
 I couldn't say. 
 How do you find living alone, after so long with Douglas? 
 Difficult, initially. 
 But I could no longer sacrifice my life for your stepfather's all-consuming political aspirations. 
 Good for you. 
 I know when we married that you felt I'd chosen him over you. 
 I was a child. 
 I didn't appreciate the difficulties you faced after Father died. 
 But we must all grow up eventually... have children of our own on whom to inflict our own mistakes. 
 This is why I came to see you. 
 You have a granddaughter. 
 Five months ago. 
 Caroline Joyce Cornell. 
 Stubborn as a mule. 
 Just like her grandmother. 
 Oh... 
 She's beautiful. 
 Look closer. 
 She has your eyes. 
 So he goes below deck again. 
 And then by the time the ship went down, apparently he managed to save nine men, although four of... 
 Your dad's telling us about the visit you had this morning. 
 Well, people ask what happened all the time. 
 Now I can tell them the whole story. 
 You saved nine men? 
 Four of them were dead. 
 If you'll excuse me, ladies... 
 Mum's asleep if you've come down to see her. 
 We have, but we're mainly here for the harvest. 
 What? 
 We've come to help with the harvest. 
 Have you ever harvested before? 
 Stanley, I'm the wife of a vicar and she's a housemaid. 
 And a telephonist. 
 And a telephonist. 
 But give us precise instructions and we'll do our very best. 
 All right. Come in. I'll explain what needs doing. 
 Stanley, it's not just the two of us. 
 It's everyone. 
 How's it going? 
 Almost ready to make a start. 
 And your mother, has she woken up at all? 
 Dead to the world. 
 Good. 
 It's great you've all come at all. All of you. 
 The Czechs learnt this morning that they're soon to be redeployed. 
 When? 
 They don't know. 
 They weren't telling me, but the impression I got was soon. 
 I thought you'd want to know. 
 Thank you. 
 Very unsociable. 
 If one more person comes up to shake my hand and call me a hero, I'm gonna punch 'em. 
 That would destroy the unwanted heroic status in a single blow. 
 Whether you meant to or whether you like it, you've done something extraordinary. 
 It doesn't make me extraordinary. 
 It does to ordinary people who will never do anything like that as long as we live. 
 We just want to acknowledge what you did. 
 I'm not saying milk it, but a thin smile wouldn't hurt. 
 There are worse things than people wanting to be nice to you. 
 Trust me, a lot worse. 
 All official, then. 
 Mm-hm. Qualified and ready for action. 
 Have you thought any more about joining? 
 Still thinking. 
 Don't leave it too long or the war will be over. 
 Is Tom impressed? 
 I haven't asked him. 
 What's going on with you two? 
 Nothing. We're just friends. 
 You're such an idiot. 
 Who are you calling an idiot? 
 Is this a new addition to the WI Presidency, Mrs Cameron? An armed escort? 
 Hopefully not necessary, Mrs Brindsley. This is my son. 
 Your son? 
 It can't be. Malcolm? 
 Long time. 
 Squadron Leader Malcolm Cornell of the Royal Canadian Air Force. 
 And, look, my granddaughter. 
 Caroline Joyce. 
 Five months old. 
 Oh, she's adorable. 
 Thank you, everyone! Time to get going! 
 I've not picked crops before. 
 I hope they'll give instructions. 
 See crop, pick it. That's pretty much all the instruction you need. 
 I think even I can manage that. 
 I didn't know you were so interested in the parachute manufacturing process, Mrs Scotlock. 
 I think it's useful to have an understanding of that as well as the product. 
 I couldn't agree more. 
 So this machine tests the strength of every piece of fabric. 
 It does. 
 How often does it find a substandard piece? 
 It's rare, but it does happen. 
 Occasionally, the weave isn't sufficiently dense or there's a slight stretching that weakens the panel. 
 And this finds those faults every time? 
 That's its job. 
 Assuming it's properly calibrated. 
 Which is why I always oversee that myself. 
 Have you heard the rumour going around about a series of accidents during parachute training? 
 No. 
 The rumour is they've been caused by a manufacturing fault. 
 Is that so? 
 The Ministry's looking into it as we speak. 
 Well, they would. 
 Whoever's responsible is going to have trouble living with themselves, I'll wager. 
 Endangering the lives of our boys as they give their all. 
 I'll leave you to get on, Mr Taylor. 
 Thank you for the explanation. 
 Very illuminating. 
 If there's anything else you want to know, just ask. 
 This way. Over here. 
 I've just heard the news. 
 Is it true? 
 Yes. 
 Do you know when you are likely to leave? 
 Any time. Tonight, tomorrow or a week. 
 Whenever we go, we will only have a few hours warning. 
 Not yet. I'm not ready. 
 Until then, let's find every possible moment to be together. 
 Tell me you'll wait for me. 
 As long as it takes. 
 I have something for you. 
 This is Saint Vitus. 
 The Patron Saint of Bohemia where my family is from. 
 He will protect you. 
 Listen, he will. 
 Never come so close to throttling a child in my life, as I did this afternoon. 
 I've got them all heads down, doing sums while I'm getting on with my marking. 
 Next thing, I hear a snigger. 
 I look up, there's Harry Weston trying to nick the keys off the piano at the back. 
 Young man left a message for you this morning. From your Wing Commander. 
 He's hardly my Wing Commander. 
 Oh! What kind of a message? 
 He'd like to see you at the station at ten o'clock tonight. 
 Why has he asked to see me so late? 
 I wouldn't read anything into it. His messenger said that things are busy at the moment. 
 Well, that's still a very odd time. 
 Why couldn't he wait for a more convenient time? 
 Presumably because he wants to see you as soon as he's available to do so. 
 You know I said you shouldn't read too much into it? 
 Alison, would you put yourself in my shoes? 
 I am. And, look, I'm not reading too much into it. 
 We need to stop wasting our money on these cheap cuts. 
 We won't get as much. 
 Stop thinking like a cheapskate. 
 I'm just trying to make things stretch. 
 It's time you focused on quality over quantity. 
 The creative process needs decent fuel, not this garbage. 
 No. 
 While you were out this afternoon, I thought I'd give the stairs a try. 
 Oh, yes? 
 Mm. 
 I got all the way to the top! 
 By yourself? 
 No, with a stick. 
 But all the way to the top. 
 Which means I don't have to sleep down here any more. 
 Do you know how long I've wanted to sleep in my own bed with my wife? 
 I didn't think you'd be ready to tackle the stairs for a while, Bob. 
 It's amazing how once one thing goes your way, everything starts to go your way. 
 Let's have fresh linen to celebrate. 
 I only changed them two days ago. 
 Let's have fresh tonight. 
 How is she? 
 Oh, well, she's er... still out for the count. 
 You get off home. I'll see you tomorrow. 
 There's er... there's tea on the stove. 
 Come on, out! Out, come on. Out! 
 Don't shout out. 
 Don't... scream. 
 Just erm... close the door. 
 Move. 
 Who are you? 
 My name is... Sarah Collingborne. 
 I'm the wife of the local vicar. 
 Vicar's wife? 
 Erm... how far is the vicarage from here? 
 How far? 
 Sshh! 
 Where's your husband? 
 He was taken prisoner at Dunkirk. 
 Is there any food in the house? 
 I er... I could make you something. 
 Don't try anything. 
 I wouldn't. 
 Knock, knock. 
 You asked to see me, Wing Commander? 
 I'm so sorry to ask you here so late. 
 But the way things are at the moment it was the only time I had free to see you. 
 Well, it all sounded very formal. 
 Er... do sit down. 
 I'm here as requested, sitting down. 
 Teresa, you... 
 You're a wonderful woman. 
 The last time a man said that to my face, it was ten seconds before he sacked me. 
 I thought when this moment came it would be easier but in fact there is no easy way of saying it. 
 Saying what, Nick? 
 I have to write letters every day to the parents of airmen... and it's made me profoundly aware of the ruthless passage of time. 
 Walking you to school I realised I want nothing more than to do that every day... for the rest of my life. 
 So, what...? 
 I've thought of a hundred ways of doing this. 
 But I thought inviting you here might be the best way... to ask you to marry me... in the room I now make all my most important decisions. 
 I realise this must seem ridiculously fast and of course in the real world it would be but... we don't live in the real world. 
 We live in a world at war... and that focuses the mind tremendously. 
 It's a huge question, I know, but... will you at least think about it? 
 I will. 
 Thank you. 
 No. 
 I mean... I will... marry you. 
 Isobel. 
 I came to see how you were. 
 I'm so ashamed. 
 Please don't be. 
 I'm so sorry. 
 I kept my word. 
 And I've told no-one that you're here. 
 People... assume it's the prospect of being killed... that eats away at you, but it isn't. 
 It's the waiting between ops. 
 You come back, you have a few beers. 
 You sleep. 
 And wait. 
 And then the telephone rings to send you up again. 
 You just wait for the attack that's going to finish it. 
 But you... survive again... while friends... don't. 
 And then you realise there are no rules to it. 
 It's... utterly random. 
 Life and death follow no logic up there. 
 It's the worst place imaginable. 
 What are you going to do? 
 I don't know. 
 But I can't go back. 
 I wish you didn't have to leave so soon. 
 Me too. But I am extremely glad I came. 
 When this war is over, will you bring your family to see me? 
 They'd like that very much. 
 Malcolm? 
 Are you a good pilot? 
 Very. 
 Then the Germans won't know what's hit them. 
 They seem to be rolling with the punches only too well at the moment. 
 But they don't have right on their side. 
 And when you're up there, facing them, you shall. 
 Never forget that. 
 Write to me. 
 Goodbye, Mother. 
 Thanks for coming to pick me up. 
 I can't tell you how long I've been wanting to do that. 
 Sorry I kept you waiting. 
 Don't be. 
 You never gave up hope? 
 There's no link to those accidents and our parachute silk. 
 I didn't say anything, but it's too dangerous... 
 Mr Taylor. 
 You need to relax. 
 No, no. 
 No, no. 
 We'll be in touch. 
 Mrs Scotlock? 
 What's going on here, Mr Taylor? 
 Going on? 
 I saw you talking to the Lyons brothers just now. 
 It was business, Mrs Scotlock. They are one of our chief suppliers. 
 I know they're supplying the factory with parachute silk. 
 But what, I wonder, are they supplying you with, personally, in that envelope I just watched them force you to take? 
 Mrs Scotlock, whatever it is you think you saw, you did not. 
 Did I also not see you being threatened by Neil Lyons? 
 For your sake and mine, that's exactly right. 
 What's going on here, Mr Taylor? 
 That's... that's a very leading question, Mrs Scotlock. 
 And if you value your personal safety, you won't ask it again. 
 Good morning, Alison. 
 Frances, do you have a moment? 
 Not just now, I'm afraid. 
 I've a meeting with an inspector from the Air Ministry. 
 What? 
 Mrs Barden? 
 And here he is. Please, come in. 
 Some tea? 
 That won't be necessary. 
 This warrant gives me authority to seize anything and everything on this site, pertaining to our investigation into the manufacture of defective parachutes. 
 I'm sorry? What did you say? 
 We're shutting your factory down, Mrs Barden. 
 With immediate effect. 
 It took Peter 23 years to build up this business. 
 Four months for me to bring it to its knees. 
 One of my young airmen has gone missing. 
 What? 
 I do understand why you're marrying Nick. 
 Because I love him. Why else? 
 You looking for something? 
 My book. 
 I took it back to the library. I thought you should start to read the books I like to read. 
 ♪ I can see them talking ♪ 
♪ But I only hear the voices in my head ♪ 
♪ Waiting for the moment they'll be calling to me... ♪ 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 