Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x06 - Episode 6 - Home Fires 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x06 - Episode 6 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=294&t=19078 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 06/15/15 03:13 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x06 - Episode 6 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 I refuse to do any more work for traitors. 
 I think you'll find that's not your choice to make. 
 He thinks he's a coward! 
 He stays while other lads go off to fight? 
 What would you call it? 
 You're suffering from exhaustion. 
 I'd like to run some tests. 
 Are you going somewhere? 
 I cannot stand this anymore! 
 Look at you. 
 Bob hits me. Is that what you think? 
 It's not just me. 
 Who else? 
 I'm taking you to lunch. I've also booked a room. 
 He's married, did you know? 
 I don't think I can. 
 You have to. That siren means you don't' have a choice. 
 (CHOKES) 
 (COCKS RIFLE) 
 ♪ I can see them talking but I only hear the voices in my head ♪ 
♪ Waiting for the moment they'll be calling to me ♪ 
♪ And if I try I'll remember that the words were never said ♪ 
♪ Only now the others hold no meaning for me ♪ 
♪ And I'll see ♪ 
♪ With wide-open eyes ♪ 
♪ Of blindness ♪ 
♪ I'll leave ♪ 
♪ The ever-calling cries ♪ 
♪ In silence ♪ 
♪ Every place we shouldn't go ♪ 
♪ We shouldn't see, we will never know ♪ 
♪ And all I want ♪ 
♪ All I see ♪ 
♪ All I fear ♪ 
♪ Is waiting for me ♪ 
♪ Now I see ♪ 
♪ I'll be... ♪ 
 You don't have to do this. 
 I want to. 
 It's my problem, not yours. 
 You're only following your conscience. 
 I love you. 
 Then hold my hand and walk tall. 
 Morning. 
 One and a half pounds of minced beef, please. 
 I'm also collecting for the Wilsons. 
 I'll give you yours. 
 I don't want to argue, Mrs Brindsley. 
 I just want the rations. 
 I'll do it. 
 Looking back at the last nine months, I can't help but feel immensely proud at how far we've come. 
 Each and every one of you has worked tirelessly to support me and inspire members with new projects and initiatives. 
 We've made a valuable contribution, ladies. 
 A valuable contribution. 
 But... we cannot rest on our laurels. 
 The British Expeditionary Force is being driven back towards the Channel, bringing war ever closer to home. 
 When France falls, there'll be nothing between us and Nazi occupation... but 22 miles of water. 
 And then... anything we've achieved thus far will be as nothing compared with what we'll be called upon to do. 
 Sarah. 
 The National Federation is launching an initiative to raise money to buy ambulances. 
 Excellent idea. 
 Large, small, all Institutes are being asked to play their part. 
 If and when the bombs start falling... 
 I have it on good authority it's a question of "when", not "if". 
 .. the need for ambulances will be great. 
 To that end, I've told the county that Great Paxford is setting its fundraising target... at £50. 
 What? 
 50? 
 If we don't aim for a target, Sarah, we'll never hit it. 
 But it has to be realistic. 
 I have every faith the members will meet my challenge head on. 
 Pat alone could raise half with her cakes. 
 If she was still involved. 
 She's not attended the last two meetings. 
 Apart from shopping, she's barely seen. 
 Well, she's been under the weather recently. 
 But we certainly need her back in the fold for this. 
 In the meantime, ladies... we need fundraising ideas. 
 Good morning, Mrs Simms. 
 Pies always sell well. 
 We'd need hundreds to get even close to £50. 
 If Steph teaches some of us to shoot, we'd soon have enough rabbit for any number of pies to sell. 
 I'm happy to do anything that keeps them from eating my crops. 
 Excellent. 
 Isobel's asked to spend a day on the farm. 
 W... With all due respect, do you really think a farm is a suitable place for a blind person? 
 It's not as though we're gonna ask her to drive the tractor. 
 We all know that Pat's situation with Bob is difficult, but what can we do except offer support? 
 Does that mean we give up? 
 As Adam reminds me, it's one thing to care, it's another to meddle. 
 Being a vicar doesn't make you right about everything, Sarah. 
 It just makes others assume you are. 
 (RINGING TONE) 
 Hello, caller. 
 Whitehall 496, thank you. 
 Connecting you now. 
 Whitehall 496. 
 Good afternoon. May I speak to Mr Cyril Faulk, please? 
 Of course. Just one moment. 
 Cyril, it's Frances Barden. I need a favour. 
 (CHATTER) 
 Heard you had a turn in the WI shelter, Mrs Cameron. 
 I can't take enclosed spaces either. 
 Very brave of you to stick it out. 
 I've really no idea what you're talking about. 
 Good day. 
 Good day. 
 (CAR ARRIVES) 
 Mr Hughes. 
 Mrs Scotlock. 
 (CAR DRIVES AWAY) 
 (CLUCKING) 
 Here we are, Steph. 
 Hi. 
 One novice farmhand reporting for duty. 
 Isobel, may I introduce Stan Farrow? 
 Stan, this is Isobel. 
 Hi. 
 Oh, hello. 
 Stan will show you around. 
 Then we can chat about what you'd like to try your hand at. 
 Sounds wonderful. 
 If you'd just let Isobel take your arm. 
 That's it. 
 This way. 
 That's it. One foot in front of the other. 
 (LAUGHS) 
 Thank you, Stan. 
 I may not be able to see my feet but I do know how they operate. 
 At the meeting, you mentioned being plagued by rabbits. 
 Yeah, we are. 
 I'd love to learn to shoot some. 
 I thought you were joking. 
 No, on the contrary, the skill might come in useful in the event of an invasion. 
 With Peter away so much, I could well find myself as our home's last line of defence. 
 I suspect shooting a rabbit's not the same as shooting a Nazi. 
 Of course. But one has to start somewhere. 
 Tea? 
 Thank you. 
 Much as I appreciate the attention of my two beautiful daughters... it is a tad unnerving to drink a cup of tea while being so steadfastly stared at. 
 We know you haven't been well. 
 No. 
 But you don't seem to be getting any better. 
 We want to know what's happening. 
 I see. 
 Laura's convinced you have tuberculosis. 
 I don't. 
 I told you he didn't. 
 I have cancer. 
 We wanted to keep if from you until it was no longer possible. 
 Cancer? 
 What type of cancer? 
 Lung. 
 How bad is it? 
 It's... It's not good. 
 Come. Come. Come here. Both of you, come. 
 New treatments are coming through all the time. 
 So there's always hope. 
 The disease progresses at different speeds in different people. 
 The prospects aren't terrific. 
 As sensible, rational people, we have to accept that. 
 All I can tell you is that I love you both... more than I can say. 
 And I intend to be here for as long as humanly possible. 
 Will? 
 It was time. 
 (HISSING IN BACKGROUND) 
 (GAS CONTINUES HISSING) 
 (GASPS) 
 I'm sorry I'm late. 
 I tried to get home quickly but everyone was collecting their rations, which meant everything taking three times as long. 
 What's that you're reading? 
 It's a letter from... a Mr Cyril Faulk at the War Office. 
 The War Office? 
 Mr Faulk has had his attention drawn to my work for the local paper and... he's apparently... he's very impressed by it. 
 Well, how flattering. 
 It is. 
 I've been invited to London for a conversation. 
 About what? 
 Well, Mr Faulk doesn't specify, but... 
 I can only assume about my work. 
 That's very exciting for you. 
 It is. 
 Which means you'll be very busy between now and then. 
 Will I? 
 Mm. 
 I've lost some weight on the rations so my serge suit will need adjusting. 
 I'd like some new buttons on my best shirt. 
 My smart shoes will need a new heel, fresh laces and a thorough polish. 
 What happened to your leg? 
 Oh, it's nothing. 
 Not looking where I was going on my way home. 
 Let me see. Sit down. 
 Come on. 
 (DRAWS BREATH) 
 We'll need to wash that thoroughly and apply a proper dressing. 
 And your hands? 
 I landed on them. 
 You stay here. 
 I really don't mind. 
 Do as you're told. 
 All right. 
 I need you able to work. 
 Yes. 
 (BARKING) 
 (GAS HISSES) 
 (DOG BARKS) 
 (COUGHS) 
 Alison! 
 Alison. 
 Alison! Alison, please! Alison! 
 (COUGHS) 
 Steph : Don't arch your backs. 
 Take a deep breath and gently pull the trigger. 
 (BOTH LAUGH) 
 Steph : Very impressive. 
 Let me see what's left to shoot at. 
 How are the members responding to the fundraising drive? 
 (LAUGHS) Well, I'd be lying if I said most weren't astonished by the target you promised the county. 
 Well, extraordinary times call for extraordinary efforts. 
 I do wonder if your ambition with this one isn't misplaced. 
 Misplaced? 
 Are you sure you're not overcompensating for Peter's absence? 
 Peter isn't absent. He's running the factory. 
 The military need cloth for uniforms. Peter's one of their larger suppliers. 
 There's no need to defend him. I'm merely making an observation. 
 It's very risky making observations about another woman's marriage when she's holding a loaded rifle. 
 I didn't mean to upset you. 
 I'm not upset. 
 I can see you are. 
 On the contrary... 
 Oh. 
 Is anything coming out? 
 Keep going. 
 The closest I've previously been to a cow is a bottle of milk. 
 How long does it take? 
 Well, it's only your second day. 
 Just keep doing what I told you and it'll come. 
 How's the cow? 
 Happy as Larry. 
 Oh! I did it! 
 I'm milking a cow! 
 You've definitely got the touch. 
 How are you feeling? 
 Ashamed. 
 You shouldn't. 
 What else? 
 You were forced. 
 By circumstance. 
 It was the easy way out of a difficult financial position. 
 You panicked and then they trapped you. 
 Ah... 
 You're being too hard on yourself. 
 I don't agree. 
 To close the windows and turn on the gas. 
 I only wish you'd come back five minutes later. 
 Don't say that. 
 It's true. 
 How much money is there? 
 I haven't counted it. 
 I haven't touched it. 
 I don't want it. 
 I thought of burning it. 
 You can't burn that kind of money. 
 Let me help you. 
 This isn't your concern. 
 If I have to worry about you repeating it, I'd say it is. 
 I can't drag you into this. 
 Alison... I'm your friend. 
 You're not dragging me anywhere. 
 
 
 
 (ENGINE OFF) 
 (DOOR KNOCKER TAPS GENTLY) 
 Mrs Brindsley? 
 Yes. 
 Mother of David Brindsley? 
 Yes. 
 Telegram for you. 
 Oh, you... 
 You must have the wrong address. 
 Please. 
 I'm very sorry. 
 (MOTORCYCLE ENGINES STARTS) 
 Left... left, right, left... left... 
 What did you want to talk to me about? 
 The WI is participating in a national fundraising drive to buy new ambulances. 
 Your public support would encourage many in the village to give it their full backing. 
 Backing you don't have as yet? 
 No. 
 Are you asking me to re-join the WI? 
 You once said we'd make an unstoppable team. 
 And you said it was unthinkable. 
 Wouldn't you even consider returning? 
 Perhaps you forget, but it was never my intention to depose you when I did. 
 I was responding to what seemed like unconstitutional behaviour on your part. 
 And as a consequence, there has been radical change in the way the WI operates. 
 Well, I wouldn't say "radical". 
 Oh, you've changed a great deal - treating members as equals. 
 Since that night in the air-raid shelter, people now pass me in the street and they smile at me in a way they never would have done before. 
 How lovely. 
 No, not lovely at all. 
 Smiles of pity. 
 Or of recognition that... you're human after all, like everyone else. 
 But I don't want to be like everyone else. 
 I never have. 
 And I have a bigger reason for not re-joining the WI. 
 Which is? 
 My husband has decided to relocate us to the coast for the duration of the hostilities. 
 The coast? 
 We're surrounded by airbases. 
 Targets for German bombers. 
 I see. 
 I would rather see out the war in Great Paxford, but his argument is persuasive... and his decision is final. 
 I'm sure he knows best. 
 Right... Just have a wash. 
 Lunch won't be long. 
 Mm. 
 Love you, Mim. 
 You, too. 
 If you want to see Dr Campbell... 
 I'm assuming you're Laura Campbell's mother. 
 Yes. 
 Your daughter works for... or should I say "under"... my husband. 
 Can I help you? 
 Very simply. 
 By instructing your daughter to stop sleeping with my husband. 
 I think you'd better come inside. 
 Let's get one thing clear. 
 My daughter does not consort with married men. 
 Or any men, as far as I'm aware. 
 Laura has spent several nights away from the house in recent weeks. 
 Yes. Staying with friends. 
 Unfortunately, not. 
 I have the receipts from the hotel in Chester where she stayed with Richard. 
 That's not true. 
 I assure you the dates on the receipts will correlate exactly with the dates your daughter was absent. 
 I saw them together, followed them to a hotel. 
 My husband picks up and unwraps young girls, like sweets, I'm afraid. 
 But his infatuations dim almost as quickly as they flare up. 
 The dashing Wing Commander will move on and your daughter will be ditched, as soiled goods, her reputation in tatters. 
 I'm not prepared to stand here and listen to you insult my family. 
 We have nothing more to say to each other. 
 I think you should leave. 
 Richard will have told her that we have a stale... loveless marriage. 
 He is a contemptible philanderer. 
 I said leave. 
 You must have been a terrible mother. 
 (DOOR OPENS) 
 Oh... I wasn't expecting you back so soon. 
 Evidently. 
 Sorry. I'm just giving the kitchen an overdue spring clean. 
 I can put it all back in 15 minutes. 
 No need to apologise. 
 I caught the early train. 
 Why? 
 Did it... not work out? 
 On the contrary, the Ministry Of War want me to work for them. 
 What? 
 Mr Faulk thinks I'd be the man to collect stories from the front for distribution to the main news agencies. 
 The front? 
 I'd be working behind the line, not on it. 
 How long before you have to give them your answer? 
 How long? I said yes on the spot, of course. 
 Mr Faulk is clearly not a man to be kept waiting. 
 No more dreary village fetes to cover. 
 Tedious country fairs, deadly council meetings, W-bloody-I nonsense. 
 Finally... Finally I'm gonna be writing about things that matter. 
 What do you think, Pat? 
 I'm... so pleased for you. 
 I'm gonna celebrate with a whisky. 
 Can you clear this up? 
 If you had to choose between Mr Smith Goes To Washington, with Jimmy Stewart, or Goodbye, Mr Chips, with Robert Donat, which would it be? 
 I'm sorry? 
 I shouldn't have interrupted you. 
 No, no. What was the question? 
 Erm... 
 The WI are planning a fundraising showing of a recent film and I asked which of the two you would rather see. 
 What are you raising funds for? 
 Ambulances. 
 How many? 
 Er, possibly four or five. 
 It's not just us. It's nationwide. 
 Your entire organisation is raising funds for four or five ambulances? 
 Why do you say it like that? 
 Have you any idea how many casualties we're likely to suffer in the event of an aerial bombardment? 
 A thousand new ambulances would be unlikely to cope with the carnage. 
 Well, we clearly can't raise enough for a thousand. 
 But we could raise enough for a few, which could include the one carrying you or me, or any of our loved ones, to a hospital in the nick of time. 
 I'm sorry. I didn't mean... 
 We can't all be on the front line. 
 Of course. 
 But we can do something, however insignificant. 
 I'm sorry. 
 There's nothing to apologise for. 
 At this rate, I'll be making rabbit pie morning, noon and... 
 Sit down, Mim. 
 Why didn't you tell me it had been delivered? 
 I didn't want anything to do with it. 
 We have no choice. 
 We have to open it. 
 Why? 
 We know what it says. 
 We need to read the words. 
 Together. 
 I can't. 
 No. 
 We have to know. 
 "We deeply regret to inform you... that Ordinary Seaman... 
 David Brindsley... is reported as missing." 
 Missing? 
 He's alive. 
 He's missing, Mim. 
 But missing isn't... 
 No. 
 Missing at sea. 
 He could be alive. There's a chance. 
 Mim... 
 If he was dead... they'd say "dead", but... they say "missing". 
 "Missing" isn't "dead". 
 Bryn. 
 Which means... he could be alive. 
 He could be. 
 You're late. 
 There's a lot on. 
 How did you get home? 
 Wing Commander Bowers gave me a lift. 
 Why? 
 Come in. 
 I want to talk to you. 
 Can it wait until after I've had a bath? 
 No. 
 Has something happened to Dad? 
 The wife of Wing Commander Bowers was here earlier. 
 What? 
 Saying some of the most revolting things I think I've ever heard, about you and her husband. 
 I'm hoping you're going to tell me they're not true. 
 Mum... 
 You know he's married? 
 Yes. 
 But that doesn't matter to you? 
 He told me their marriage was stale and loveless. 
 He told me they no longer had anything in common except their children. 
 What were you... are you thinking? 
 I love him. 
 Love? 
 I'm sorry. Did Kate corner the market with Jack? 
 Don't EVER confuse what you're doing with their relationship! 
 What Kate had, you want. Is that it? 
 He told me he didn't love his wife. 
 Of course he said that. 
 That's what you needed to hear. 
 That's not true. 
 War is not an excuse for behaving as if nothing matters. 
 The state of his wife in our hall was a consequence of your behaviour with her husband. 
 How I'm now feeling about you is another. 
 When he finds out what you've been doing... How your father will react. 
 Please. Don't tell him. 
 There's only one way to stop that from happening. 
 I'll break it off. 
 Give me your word. 
 I promise I'll put an end to it. 
 Take them through there, if you wouldn't mind, and put them on a table. Thank you. 
 Going away on a trip? 
 A temporary redeployment. The South Coast. 
 To help defend the BEF. 
 It's what you've all been waiting for. 
 I suppose so. 
 I'd got so used to you being around the house that I'd almost forgotten why you were here. 
 I want to thank you... for making me and the boys feel so welcome during our time here. 
 You never make us feel intrusive, even though we most certainly are. 
 Well... 
 You will take care, won't you? 
 I'm not going to suddenly throw the plane into reverse if that's what you mean. 
 That's not what I mean. 
 I'm sorry. I... I thought perhaps you might feel... 
 I might... but I can't. 
 Please forgive me. 
 Goodbye, Sarah. 
 You wanted to see me? 
 I'm so glad you came. 
 I hear... Bob's going to be a war correspondent. 
 How do you feel about that? 
 He'll be happier there. 
 As you'll be here. 
 Erica and Sarah and I are the only people who know. 
 You have to believe that. 
 Oh. 
 You'll be safe now. 
 We've all missed you so very much. 
 The WI isn't the WI without you. 
 Bryn : Is that right? 
 She can't be. 
 Are you sure? 
 Trust me. 
 You're four months pregnant. 
 You'll be pleased to know everything else came back all clear. 
 I'm assuming this is good news. 
 Um... 
 Yes. 
 .. it means David's going to have a brother or sister. 
 Excellent. 
 And congratulations. 
 (LAUGHS NERVOUSLY) 
 Hello, Richard. 
 We need to talk. 
 Are you all right? You look terrible. 
 Charlotte has filed for divorce. 
 What? 
 She has cited you as co-respondent. 
 How the hell did she find out? 
 (SOBS) 
 (CHATTER) 
 Spencer. 
 (MUTTERED INSULTS) 
 (ROOM FALLS SILENT) 
 I have lived here all my life. 
 You all know me. 
 My father's name is carved on our war memorial. 
 Then you should be ashamed. 
 Do you think I could have made this decision without agonising over what he would think of me? 
 It was the hardest thing I've ever done in my life. 
 I'm not asking you to accept it. 
 Or agree with it. 
 But I stand by it. 
 I always will. 
 (LOW CHATTER) 
 (FILM PROJECTOR WHIRRS) 
 (DRAMATIC WHIRRING) 
 The great battle for the Channel ports continues as the Allied forces fight tirelessly to stop the march of destruction by the German army. 
 Belgium has abandoned us, leaving the British and French troops to fight on alone as they defend the coast and the vital port of Dunkirk. 
 Showing indomitable resolution in the face of these grave circumstances, they fight on to keep the coastline secure. 
 Do you have any idea what you've done? 
 What are you talking about? 
 You know what. 
 How could you? How could you tell her? 
 Well, don't take any risks. 
 You're not 20 years old any more. 
 Thanks for the reminder. 
 (ENGINE STARTS) 
 (BIRDSONG) 
 The committee meeting started 15 minutes ago. 
 This is done. 
 We can arrive a little late and feign amazed surprise at how such a large sum of money found its way into the kitty. 
 Four, five, six, seven... 
 How much? 
 £74. 
 How on earth did we manage to make that much? 
 (BOTH LAUGH) 
 Oh. 
 (URGENT KNOCKING) 
 There's a man in a suit to see you. 
 Looks like another client. 
 Do you want me to tell him to sling his hook? 
 It's time I learned how. 
 If you want me to do your books, whatever you've been told by Nigel Hughes, I'm afraid I'm not taking on any more work. 
 I'm not here to ask you to do my books, Mrs Scotlock. 
 My name is Detective Sergeant Brooks and I'm here to arrest you on suspicion of fraudulent accounting and aiding and abetting tax evasion under the 1939 Prices of Goods Act. 
 You are not obliged to say anything, unless you wish to do so, but whatever you say will be taken down in writing and may be given against you. 
 (ENGINE STARTS) 
 Alison! 
 Alison! 
 How do we explain to the county that we've raised so much? 
 I think all we can say is what Pat suggests. 
 That an anonymous donor made a very gen... 
 (DOOR OPENS) 
 I was wondering if I could have a word with you. 
 A parting gift? 
 It's a great shame to see you leave us. 
 Are you sure you don't mean "great relief"? 
 As a philosopher once said, "What doesn't kill us makes us stronger." 
 You made them stronger, Madam President. 
 It's what good leadership does. 
 Keys to our back gate. 
 And when we eventually return, I will be outraged if our tennis court hasn't been ploughed up and put to good use. 
 Growing peas, beans - whatever you decide to grow on it. 
 Thank you, Mrs Cameron. 
 Please... call me... 
 (CROCKERY RATTLING) 
 (DRONE OF AIRCRAFT ENGINES) 
 (LIVELY CHATTER) 
 (ENGINES DRONE) 
 (AIRCRAFT PASSES BY) 
 ♪ I can see them talking but I only hear the voices in my head ♪ 
♪ Waiting for the moment they'll be calling to me ♪ 
♪ And if I try I'll remember that the words were never said ♪ 
♪ Only now the others hold no meaning for me ♪ 
♪ And I'll see ♪ 
♪ With wide-open eyes ♪ 
♪ Of blindness ♪ 
♪ I'll leave ♪ 
♪ The ever-calling cries ♪ 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 