Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x03 - Episode 3 - Home Fires 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x03 - Episode 3 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=294&t=18434 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/17/15 17:54 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x03 - Episode 3 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Have you ever wondered what might be achieved if we joined forces? 
 Unstoppable, Mrs Barden? 
 Unthinkable, Mrs Cameron. 
 These are adjusted figures. 
 You scratch my back and I'll scratch yours. 
 I wish I could be of more help, but I can't. 
 You didn't tell me you had a sweetheart. 
 Are you taking me for that drink? 
 You are THIS close, Patricia. 
 (Aeroplane passes overhead) 
 I have lung cancer, Erica. 
 Ahh! 
 Boris! 
 He woke up from the anaesthetic and tried to bite my face. 
 Oh, thank God! 
 Mrs Barden is the new president of our institute. 
 (Engine drones) 
 (Engine off) 
 (Distant drone of aeroplane engines) ♪ I can see them talking but I only hear the voices in my head ♪ 
♪ Waiting for the moment they'll be calling to me ♪ 
♪ And if I try I'll remember that the words were never said ♪ 
♪ Only now the others hold no meaning for me ♪ 
♪ And I'll see ♪ 
♪ With wide-open eyes ♪ 
♪ Of blindness ♪ 
♪ I'll leave ♪ 
♪ The ever-calling cries ♪ 
♪ In silence ♪ 
♪ Every place we shouldn't go ♪ 
♪ We shouldn't see, we will never know ♪ 
♪ And all I want ♪ 
♪ All I see ♪ 
♪ All I fear ♪ 
♪ Is waiting for me ♪ 
♪ Now I see ♪ 
♪ I'll be ♪ 
♪ Eyes wide open ♪ All the cries ♪ 
♪ Broken for now... ♪ Kate... Don't stop. Are you sure? Yes. I appreciate you making time to see me, Reverend Collingborne. I think... I've had more parishioners asking to see me in the two months since war was declared than in the last five years. Farming is a reserved occupation, so... you won't have to fight. No. But you want to, don't you? A lot of people would swap places with you in an instant. I can't sit on my tractor while we go the same way as the Czechs and the Poles. I'm more use over there. You've spoken to Steph about this? I'm still... trying to find the right words. I can stay at home, but I want to go and fight. How does that not sound the most selfish thing I could think of? (Birdsong) Morning. Morning. Busy day, Padre? Oh, no rest for the wicked. Ditto. New reports coming in every day now. Ah, yes, it's all beginning to get predictably nasty. Mm. Have a good day. And you. (Engine starts) Is it what you were expecting with Stanley Farrow? Uh... pretty much. Did he want you to tell him what to do? I think he hoped I might. Mm, it's not your style. No. No, my style is to smile benignly while a man agonises over whether or not to enlist... before sitting down with Mrs Felgate for an intense debate about floral arrangements this Christmas. It'll be the usual toss up between the holly and the ivy. She always plumps for the holly, so I don't know why she always insists on a discussion. Could it be because she enjoys your company? Is that all I'm good for now? Of course not. Frances : Sarah? It increasingly feels like it. Sarah. I am about to commit murder, and I'm asking you, in advance, to be a character witness. Adam, too, if he can bear it. Useful, having a vicar in one's back pocket when facing a capital charge. What's happened? This. Your gates are being requisitioned. My gates are being melted down for a tank. Probably not a whole one. So who are you planning to murder? The woman behind it, of course. Joyce Cameron. You don't actually know she's behind it. Her pettiness knows no bounds. Either way, if it helps the war effort, then... I know you're right. I feel so foolish. How could I not see that my gates will make all the difference in rebutting the Nazi horde? The gates, Frances. They're bits of decorative metal pointing up towards the sky. Sooner or later, someone would have come for them. (Bleating) (Crows caw) Morning. Just a couple of letters. Mrs Barden. Thank you. No need. It's my job. I always like to thank people. Even if they're doing what they have to do. Thought you might be like that. Like what? Nice like that. Well, I'm sure Jenny is. Actually, no, she wasn't... Wasn't? Not seeing her any more. Oh? Truth be told, I didn't really like her all that much. Discovered she was the jealous type. "Where were you? Who were you talking to?" That sort of thing all the time. It wore me down. Not all women are like that. I'm not like that. Best be getting on. Oh. Why don't you take me out one day? How about tomorrow? Tomorrow? You're keen. Why not? I could pick you up at 5.30. I have the afternoon off. Pick me up at two. You're keen. Why not? No, no, I've got it. 2pm tomorrow. Town hall, Ministry Of Food meeting, 300 words. I appreciate you thinking of me. I'll do a good job for you, Mr Beeks. You know that. Yeah. Indeed. Goodbye. Goodbye. (Church bell tolling) Ten guineas? (Whimpers) I'm off to educate the masses. What is it today? I'm teaching seven-year-olds the concept of money. Good luck. I've never understood it. Oh, you must. You're a bookkeeper. Oh, anyone can count the stuff. There must be more to it than that. Erm... not much. Cheerio. Do you love me? Oh... You don't waste any time. There isn't any to waste. Do you? Fiercely, yes. From the moment you opened that door to me. Next? Does loving me mean you want to spend the rest of your life with me? Right now, I can't think of anything I'd want more. But how might you feel next week, or next month, or in ten years' time? I can't think of any reason that I'd feel any differently. Next? How do you know it's love? Because I've never felt like this about anyone else. Not even close. Then why don't we get married? Um... You're all I'll ever want. I'm apparently all you'll ever want, so... Um... You leave me no choice, but to pretend we didn't have this conversation. Jack? Kate Campbell... would you do me the honour of becoming my wife? You have to say the word or it doesn't count. Yes. Yes. Yes. (Barking) Come on. (BARKS) Well, somebody say something. Getting engaged quickly is one thing. Getting married in under a fortnight is another thing entirely. You don't think it's a little, well... Quick? Fast? Rushed? Hasty? We want to get married before Jack finishes his training. Because, after that, you could be stationed anywhere. Yes, sir. Fighting in any number of possible conflict areas. I understand your concern. It's not that we don't like you, Jack. We do, very much. We appreciate how... unusual the speed of this may seem to you. Very. You knew each other less than a month before you married. Your father was returning to the Front. But you loved one another. That's not the issue. I'm sorry but it's the only issue. Kate... No! No... Hypocrites. (Door slams) (Door closes) You don't think she's... Don't even say it. This requires the President's signature. And this. That's interesting. This is a list of charities to whom the Institute makes annual donations. So? Hm. Joyce Cameron sits on the board of at least three of them. You mean she was siphoning WI funds into pet projects? Do not try to use this to get back at Joyce for targeting your gates. When are the next donations due to be made? Next month. Just before Christmas. Right. Perhaps we should postpone until the new year, until we know the full extent of what's gone on. A good point. I suggest a full audit in January. It's the only way to get to the bottom of Joyce's largesse. We're a branch of the WI. There's a limit to what even Joyce can get up to. You really are quite naive, Sarah. I put it down to years spent as a vicar's wife. So, are you speaking at the Ministry Of Food meeting this afternoon? No, they're coming to remove my gates this afternoon. I've already asked someone to step in. Oh, excellent. There was I wrapped in my naivete, assuming you'd struggle to delegate as President. How wrong you were. (They laugh) (Applause) Thank you, Mrs Goody. Most informative. Next... we have a speaker from the Women's Institute at Great Paxford. Good afternoon. I've been told... Well, not "told" exactly. .. asked to... talk to the meeting. To you. In your own time, Mrs Simms. Yes. I'll... start again. My name is Mrs Simms, and I'm here on behalf of the Great Paxford Women's Institute. Man : Give it another tap. Yeah, it's gone now. Ready? That's it. Down. Refreshments for you, gentlemen. Oh. Very nice. Thank you very much. What is the meaning of this? Well, it's pretty straightforward, Mrs Cameron. All available non-essential land is to be utilised forthwith for food production. I understand what it means. Be that the vicarage rose beds, the village cricket pitch, or your tennis courts. Of course, it's not legally binding. I assumed you'd be happy to opt in. Like everyone else. I do not... opt in. But... the problem with not opting in is that it rather looks like you're opting out. I wonder how well that would go down, when everyone else is pulling together so brilliantly. Keep up the good work, gentlemen. Take all of it. Who, knows? The last hinge could be melted into the bullet that has Hitler's name on it. Good afternoon. Three months ago, my Institute was not involved in food production of any kind. We didn't grow so much as a bean. And one might argue that it didn't matter because three months ago we weren't at war and we could simply buy whatever we wanted. But Hitler has changed everything. Reporter : That's good. We can... and must... work together to make a definitive contribution towards ensuring the survival of the home front. This may be a time for our men to fight... but, make no mistake, ladies... this is our time, too. Woman : Very well said. Thank you for listening to me. (Bicycles rattling) (Laughter) Not bad for a girl. Bloody hell! Keep up, boy! I'll meet you by the canal. (Chuckles) Where'd you learn to ride like that? Like what? So fast. Oh, I don't know. It's just how fast my legs go round. Well, don't ever join the Post Office. You'll put me out of a job. Oh, no. I couldn't do what you do. It's easy enough. Uh-uh. Just stick the right letters in the right boxes. No, I'm too nosy. I'd want to read what's inside them. That's against the law. Mm. Wouldn't make any difference. I'd be overwhelmed by the urge. This is a side of you I don't see at Mrs Barden's doorstep. You won't tell her, will you? What do you take me for? Not sure yet. That was very good. I'm glad you enjoyed it. I was wondering if you wouldn't mind giving my latest article a once over. Me? Mm. Sometimes I find it difficult to get the right tone for the local rag. You think I can help? (Clears throat) I trust I got your title correct. You were there? Why didn't you tell me you were giving a talk this afternoon? I know you're not interested in the WI. I never dreamt... that your assignment would be to cover the same event. Can you imagine my surprise when you took to the lectern, papers in hand, quite the public speaker? And then imagine my embarrassment when you actually began to talk. You embarrassed yourself. You embarrassed me. How have I embarrassed you? I now stand to be accused of nepotism by Mr Beeks when he sees my wife's name in my article. Change it. And prompt some silly bitch from the meeting writing to him, accusing me of getting your name wrong? This is what happens when you get too big for your boots, Pat. You ruin everything. I'm sorry, Bob. It won't happen again. It shouldn't have happened in the first place! Frances asked, and I didn't want to let her down. (Crockery smashes)  What about letting me down? Bob, please! What about me, hey? What about me?! (Sobs) Bob... 
 
 (Thumping on door) (Thumping on door) Doctor. Mrs Campbell. Good evening. We heard a crash and wanted to see if everything was... You did hear a crash. Pat slipped while serving supper. And, much like Humpty Dumpty, I'm afraid, our favourite dinner set is beyond the repair of all the King's horses and all the King's men. But she's all right? Oh, she's absolutely fine. Yeah. If a little embarrassed. She's busy tidying up now. But... thanks for your concern. Extremely neighbourly of you. I'll tell her you popped round. Please do. (Gasps) (Footsteps approaching) They're back. Our reaction wasn't unreasonable under the circumstances, was it? Will : No. But now we've had a chance to think about it, it's their lives. And we only get one. All they have is this moment. Who can blame them for grabbing it with both hands? Not me. Come on. What are you doing? I'm writing them a letter to explain myself. Wouldn't it be better to speak to them? I already tried that. After you drove off, they spent most of the afternoon regretting the way the conversation had gone. They do understand why you want to get married quickly. So do I. We're just shocked, that's all. Everything happened so fast. But it isn't just you, is it? Other people are doing the same thing. Kate : Lots are. But it's different when... when it's your own flesh and blood. They just want you to be happy. I think I will be, with Jack. Very. And if Jack knows any pilots half as good-looking as he is, tell him I don't mind a few awkward nights at the pictures until I find a nice one. (Knock on door) Why don't we have a look at my old wedding dress? (Honking) That not too hot? Stan. Is it not too hot? No. Frances : This, ladies, is notification of a £5 fine for the Institute's failure to obtain a Tea and Biscuit Licence. Since when was it necessary to have a licence for tea and biscuits? The war will shortly require each of us to have a licence for breathing in and another for breathing out. (Chuckling) £5 seems remarkably steep. You'd think the authorities would have more important fish to fry than frying us over this. You would. And they do. That's to forget that Joyce Cameron sits on the Food Control Committee. Can you be sure it was Joyce? I don't have it in writing that the sun will rise every morning, but there are some things about which I live in absolute certainty. Do we have funds to cover the fine? Oh, one for the Treasurer. Cash reserves are more than adequate to cover this. Why don't we do that audit next week? Next week? So that we know exactly where we stand. Fine. (Telephone rings) I have to admit this is an unexpected surprise. I've been reconsidering your proposition. Perhaps it's no longer on the table. Then tell me I'm wasting my time and I'll leave. What changed your mind? We live in a time of uncertainty, Mr Driscoll - both national and personal. We do, indeed. I'll do what you've asked... on one non-negotiable condition. That this is a one-time arrangement. When can you start? As soon as you agree my fee of ten guineas. You drive a hard bargain, Mrs Scotlock. Take it or leave it, Mr Driscoll. Oh... Not still waiting? Spencer stood you up? He isn't coming, is he? He was very punctual the first time he called for you. I'm sure there must be a good reason to be less so this time. You can't sit here all day, Claire. Just... Just a little while longer. There's something we need to talk about. (Spoon clatters on bowl) I've been thinking a great deal about my situation over the last few weeks and... I think I've finally made up my mind. I think I know what you're about to tell me, Adam, but please don't expect me to say it for you. There are... boys... from Great Paxford... who will shortly find themselves screaming out for their mothers in fear or pain. But their mothers won't be able to help them... in their hour of need. I can. You want to join up? It's where I believe my duty lies. Not here, within your parish, at its time of greatest need? If we had a son, Sarah, wouldn't you want someone like me helping him prepare for what he was about to face? Then let someone like you do it. Why does it have to be you? Because I believe that that's how I can best serve God, by being there alongside them. What God wants, God gets. (Knock on door) Uh, the boys and I are popping down to the Horse And Groom for a quick half, Padre. I wondered if you'd like to join us. Uh... Thank you, Nick, but - I'm sure he'd love a drink with the boys. Wouldn't you... Padre? We'll... wait for you outside. (Knock on door) (Footsteps in other room) Mrs Barden. Good afternoon, Mr Simms. I've come for a word with Pat, if she's available. I'm afraid she's having a lie-down at the moment. Is she unwell? Oh, dear. Only, she wasn't at the committee meeting. I wanted to pass on how well her speech went down. I'm told Pat was quite brilliant. (Laughs) She's... She fell off a chair, hanging a picture yesterday, and it seems to have taken more out of her than we initially thought, so... I'm so sorry to hear that. Oh, Pat, there you are, you poor thing! I was just hearing about your accident. I'll just say hello and then I'll leave you both in peace. I thought you liked me. I do. I thought we had a lovely time the other day. We did. Well, then why did you stand me up? I thought it best to leave you thinking I wasn't worth a candle. What do you mean, "leave" me? I've got my call-up papers. I wanted to come and explain. But I thought it was best for you to think you had a lucky escape. But now you've told me what happened... No, Claire... I still think it's for the best. Sorry for messing you around. We could write while you're away! Your talk was a tremendous success, by all accounts. The chair telephoned to say how inspirational you were. In future, they only want you. You must be very pleased. Sure you wouldn't like a cup of tea? Oh, I've taken up too much of your time already. Besides, you look exhausted, Pat. You clearly need to rest. I'll see you at the wedding. The wedding? The Campbells' wedding, next weekend. Oh, I don't think Pat will be up to it. Oh. A shame. Won't be the same without you. I'll see you to the door, Mrs Barden. Bye, Pat. Get well. Your presence is missed. Thank you. Bob : You should never have come downstairs. Get out of my sight. (Door closes) What's all this? You've spent so much time in your own head, I assumed you'd prefer your lunch alone. Steph. Steph. I've seen you looking... at the planes overhead... the trucks going past... You're staring into your plate at supper. You're lying in bed... your back to me. Taking yourself off up here to brood, instead of talking to your wife about the most important decision you'll ever make in your... in all our lives. You want to go and fight... Stan? Go. Because you're no bloody good to us like this. I know every inch of you, man, inside and out. I always have. I always will. You must be so excited! I bet you are. Oh! Ta-da! Marvellous! I love it! Oh, that's wonderful. The gold's really good. (Typewriter clicking) (Knocks with door knocker) (Door closes) Ready? Let's go. This is the last wedding I'll be doing for a while. Best not cock it up, then. Let me do that. No, no, no. You can spend as long as you want brushing your new uniform. I said I... I want to. It's the last time I'll be able to do it for a while. (Church bells pealing) Sorry. Happy? Extraordinarily. Are you? There's only one other place I'd rather be. The barn, about two miles from here? (Laughs) Thank you for asking me to marry you. Thank you for asking me to marry you. ♪ LITTLE BROWN JUG Was your wedding like this? Mine? No, not like this. Considerably smaller. Have you ever come close? No. Not really. You must have had no end of interest from eligible young men. For one reason or another, things never worked out. Well, there's plenty of time yet. Such a lovely couple. And they say you can't go wrong with a man in uniform. Nigel Hughes. Mrs Scotlock. And this is Teresa Fenchurch. Nice to meet you. Would you care to dance? Me? If you don't mind getting your toes ever so slightly crushed. Well, I haven't danced for 20 years. Then I would be honoured to be the man to help you back on the horse. ♪ THE VERY THOUGHT OF YOU I'm... told you're the bride's sister. Yes, sir. I'm Jack's Commanding Officer. Richard Bowers. Your sister's bagged an extremely good man. She's a lucky girl. With all due respect, sir, the luck is all Jack's. Very well said. Would you care to dance, Miss Campbell? Is that an order, sir? Not for a moment. ♪ I'm living in a kind of daydream... I find it very difficult to believe it's been 20 years. You're clearly extremely good. Let me guess. You're a very successful salesman? Very good. (Laughs) I have a medical wholesale business in Chester. Oh. We supply all the surgeries in the area. And you are a bookkeeper, I believe. That's very impressive. How did you know that? Someone told me. That would do it. Dr Campbell? No. Theo Driscoll. We belong to the same club. Theo was most complimentary, Mrs Scotlock. He told me that you don't come cheap and that you're worth every penny. I appreciate the recommendation, but I'm not looking to take on more clients at the moment. I think you'll find you don't have much choice about it. I'll be in touch. Oh, goodbye. I'm very sorry Pat couldn't come. I saw her last week. She wasn't in a good way. Very... subdued. I've slipped and fallen hard before. It can take it out of you, I suppose. More so off a chair. She didn't fall off a chair. Bob told me she fell off a chair, rehanging a picture. When did he tell you that? Wednesday? He told Will and me she slipped while serving supper. Well, how odd. I've been looking for you everywhere. Is anything the matter? Yes. I'm desperate to dance with my wife, but she's skulking around outside with the President of the Women's Institute. Do I have permission to whisk her away? Whisk away. ♪ Faithful forever ♪ 
♪ Whatever I do ♪ 
♪ Remember I'm true ♪ 
♪ Remember that ♪ 
♪ Faithful forever ♪ 
♪ And thankful for you ♪ 
♪ I'll keep smiling through ♪ 
♪ Remember that ♪ 
♪ We may be apart ♪ 
♪ Now and then ♪ 
♪ But I'll hold you in my heart ♪ 
♪ Till I hold you in my arms ♪ 
♪ Again... ♪ (Birdsong) (Recruits state their names) Ever regret marrying an agnostic? Not for a moment. Ever regret marrying a believer? Never. I love you, Reverend Collingborne. If He exists, then the Almighty and I have that much in common. Bye, now. Write soon. Arthur Sowerby. Girl : Don't go, Daddy. Please don't go. Girl : Take care of yourself, Dad. Reverend Collingborne. Best get on. Be good, son. Do what your mother says. They reckon it'll be over soon. Well, then I'll be home in no time. Steph... Better come back in one piece or I'll kill you. Stanley Farrow. (Leaves rustle) (Engine starts) Girl : Please don't go, Dad. Don't go, Daddy! Number, please? Today was your last day. But that makes no sense! What you've done is illegal. You look like you're running a well-oiled, criminal enterprise. Get off my land before I do something we regret! We're at war. Read the literature. You are an exceptionally pretty young woman. We're going to be very happy here, aren't we? You have a visitor. Hello, Theresa. ♪ I can see them talking but I only hear the voices in my head ♪ 
♪ Waiting for the moment they'll be calling to me ♪ 
♪ And if I try I'll remember that the words were never said ♪ 
♪ Only now the others hold no meaning for me ♪ 
♪ And I'll see ♪ 
♪ With wide-open eyes ♪ 
♪ Of blindness ♪ 
♪ I'll leave ♪ 
♪ The ever calling cries ♪ 
♪ In silence ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 