Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x03 - Season 2, Episode 3 - Home Fires 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x03 - Season 2, Episode 3 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=294&t=26673 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/17/16 23:55 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x03 - Season 2, Episode 3 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 The doctor told me there's no possibility of you climbing stairs for some time. 
 I'm putting a bed in the study. 
 Urgh! My name is Captain Marek Novotny. I'm very sorry you were involved. 
 Why do you go out and wait for the bus every morning? 
 If you have given up all hope he'll return. 
 This isn't about David. This is about the new baby. 
 David's brother or sister? 
 She's brave to show her face. I'll go so far as to say shameless. 
 Hop in, Laura. I'll drop you home. 
 You can't afford to be associated with me. 
 Peter instructed that 20% of the company should be placed in a separate trust. 
 Guard position! 
 Short thrust! 
 Four steps, lead with the left foot, then a lunge. 
 Go! 
 ♪ .. I'll remember that the words were never said ♪ 
♪ Only now the others hold no meaning for me ♪ 
♪ And I'll see ♪ 
♪ With wide-open eyes ♪ 
♪ Of blindness ♪ 
♪ I'll leave ♪ 
♪ The ever-calling cries ♪ 
♪ In silence ♪ 
♪ Every place we shouldn't go ♪ 
♪ We shouldn't see, we will never know ♪ 
♪ And all I want ♪ 
♪ All I see ♪ 
♪ All I fear ♪ 
♪ Is waiting for me ♪ 
♪ Now I see ♪ 
♪ I'll be ♪ 
♪ Eyes wide open ♪ 
♪ All the cries ♪ 
♪ Broken ♪ 
♪ For now... ♪ 
 Come along, Roger. It doesn't take that long to read. 
 "To my darling Helen. Yours always. P." 
 And you say this was among Peter's personal effects from the car? 
 I think it's reasonable to assume that he was planning to give her the necklace at a suitable point in the day. 
 Peter always knew just the right moment for the romantic gesture. 
 I'm assuming you knew about the affair? 
 What are you wrestling with, Roger? 
 Your client confidentiality or your conscience? 
 Frances! 
 You drew up a codicil to Peter's will in which he left 20% of the business to someone else! 
 You presumably know their identity. 
 Helen Lakin, yes? 
 20% suggests that they were... involved for a fair amount of time. 
 Would it not? 
 How long exactly? 
 For God's sake, they're both dead. 
 What difference can it possibly make now? 
 I'm afraid my hands are tied. 
 I was about to go! 
 Sorry, Mrs Talbot. 
 I didn't realise what the time was. 
 You got it then? 
 Yes. 
 What you selling at? 
 Two bob a pound. 
 Two... bob? 
 No. I can buy it for one and six in town on the ration. 
 The price is the price, Mrs Talbot. 
 You are a crook, young man. 
 Just two final items. 
 We are all aware of a rumour of a black market springing up in the village. 
 Should we be doing more to encourage our members to resist temptation? 
 I'm not sure it's the WI's business to tell people what to do. 
 At the end of the war we'll each have to live with our own conscience. 
 If these scumbags don't feel we're all in this together then a stern word from the WI is unlikely to put them off fiddling the system. 
 We occasionally get some in the shop hoping for something extra. 
 Bryn gives them short thrift. 
 So it has to be enforced, but by the authorities, not by the Women's Institute. 
 And lastly, the cultural afternoon at the Czech camp. 
 Given their bumpy introduction to the village this is intended to be a fence-mending exercise. 
 Everyone is invited. 
 I'm happy to go up there this afternoon and let them know that Great Paxford's WI would love to attend. 
 Replying by post would surely suffice. 
 Well, with all due respect I think it would strike a better note to accept an invitation like this in person. 
 I think you might be right, Mrs Simms. Thank you. 
 I can assure you you're not being singled out. 
 Nor do I agree that this amounts to harassment. 
 That may well be the case, but... 
 The surgery provides a service that has to be paid for. 
 You've had the treatment, so... 
 Infuriating man. 
 It'd be so much easier to bear losing patients if they were all the late payers. 
 Have more left today? 
 Two more. 
 It isn't getting easier, Will. 
 If it continues we could soon find ourselves in real trouble. 
 I've been wondering if it's worth asking if the Czechs could use your services. 
 The Czechs? 
 There are so many of them. 
 Difficult to believe a local physician with your experience couldn't be useful. 
 What do you think? 
 Clearly we have to do something. 
 Hello. 
 Joyce, how much longer is this nonsense likely to continue? 
 If nonsense is how you continue to interpret what this is, Douglas... then it's clearly not time for me to come back. 
 Nothing has changed about the squalid manner in which you are pursuing your ambitions. 
 I don't see why you can't eat a magpie. They're just birds. 
 I think it's you who's being naive, Douglas. 
 Given the way things are going, any attempt to enter politics in the foreseeable future is just a complete waste of time. 
 Well, you read the papers. 
 You made your point, Joyce. Duly noted. 
 How long before a swastika is flying over Parliament? 
 A month? Two months? 
 Don't bother me again. 
 Unless it's to tell me that you've changed your mind. 
 Go past the mess. 
 Thank you. 
 A Mrs Collingborne here to see you, Wing Commander. 
 To what do I owe the pleasure? 
 The Czechs have invited the village to a cultural afternoon at their camp. 
 To er... defuse the tensions that have been building up. 
 There have been a few altercations. 
 Yes, I'd heard. And you'd like us to provide air cover? 
 Well, that was going to be my second request if you turned down my first. 
 Which is? 
 Might you be able to send some people along? 
 The Czechs have been through a terrible ordeal and your people are going through something similar. 
 Just having British servicemen around who've seen combat like them might help break the ice. 
 If all else fails we can talk about guns? 
 No. No, I didn't... 
 I'm teasing. 
 Although, if all else did fail we could actually talk about guns. 
 At which point we declare the entire event a miserable failure and just leave. 
 Quite! 
 Well, duties allowing, I'm happy to send a truckload of people. 
 Thank you. 
 I understand there'll be Czech folk dancing. 
 Folk dancing? 
 In which case I shall drive the truck personally. 
 What time are they bringing him home tomorrow? 
 Early morning. 
 Perhaps we should... stop seeing each other for a while. 
 I have to be able to see you. 
 But if it proves impossible? 
 As long as we're careful. 
 The time I've spent with you has been the most honest I've felt in years. 
 We can continue to see one another. 
 Marek... 
 If you want to as much as I do. 
 Good afternoon. 
 My name is Mrs Campbell and I have an appointment to speak to Colonel Cipris. 
 If you want to see a swastika over Parliament piss off to Germany! 
 Careful, careful, Pat. 
 I am being careful, Bob. 
 Pain? 
 Well, nothing on top of what I brought back from France. 
 And you have pain relief from the hospital? 
 I do. 
 I'm next door if you need anything. 
 Thanks for your help, Dr Campbell. 
 We really appreciate it. 
 Pat will see you out. 
 Of course. 
 Now if there's anything he or you need, just call. 
 Thank you. 
 Everything you need is within arm's reach. 
 What's that? 
 What? 
 A new dress? 
 I go away, risk my life, and you go on a spending spree? 
 I paid for it out of my own money from the exchange. 
 Yeah, but you've got clothes. 
 I have very old clothes that are covered in patches and repairs. 
 Sell it or take it to the jumble. I don't care which, but it's going. 
 You're tired. 
 Take it off, Pat. 
 You look like someone trying to be more interesting than they really are. 
 Oh. 
 I'm afraid I need your help again. 
 There's no need to apologise. Come in. 
 Would you mind if we spoke out here? 
 I've more or less had it confirmed that Peter and Helen Lakin were having a long-term affair when they died. 
 I don't know who knows what at the factory, so I don't know who I can trust there. 
 I need you to be my eyes and ears. 
 Would you consider working for me? 
 I don't mind helping out from time to time, of course. 
 You understand business in a way I don't. 
 I'll pay you over the going rate for your time. 
 Thereby confirming you really don't understand business. 
 The going rate will be fine. 
 I fully appreciate that you have your own clients. 
 Whatever I can do for you, Frances, you only have to ask. 
 Thank you. 
 At the moment there are... so very few people in my life I can trust. 
 You most certainly are one of them. 
 Just so you know... today was my last morning at the bus stop. 
 You're giving up on him. 
 No, I'm not giving up on him. 
 I'm just... letting him go. 
 It's the same thing. 
 No, it isn't. 
 I waited there, day after day... because I thought it might help us slowly come to terms with the fact... the fact, Mim, that David isn't coming home. 
 But it isn't a fact. The telegram said "missing". 
 Because they don't have his body. 
 Weigh it up. 
 I swear to God, the only conclusion you'll reach... is that David has been taken from us. 
 I have a shift this afternoon at the exchange. 
 Well, cancel it. 
 I can't. We're very short-handed. 
 I don't care. I need you here. 
 I can get everything you need ready before I go. 
 Why is this so difficult for you to understand? 
 You're not going. 
 Stop me. 
 Do not defy me, Pat. I'm warning you. 
 No, Bob. As usual, you're threatening me. 
 And that only works if I'm frightened of you. 
 Pat! 
 How did you get on? 
 At the Czech camp? 
 Accepting the invitation. 
 Oh. Yes, er... it's fine. 
 It's all good. 
 Is everything all right? 
 I'm meant to be working a shift at the exchange which Bob isn't entirely happy about. 
 I see. 
 I think I should probably just cancel. 
 Why don't you let me keep an eye on him while you do the shift? 
 No, Erica. No, that would be too much of an imposition. 
 Nonsense. I'd be happy to help out. 
 Are you absolutely sure? 
 Do the shift. 
 I'll keep Bob plied with coffee and biscuits. 
 Thank you. 
 That should keep the weather out until you replace the pane. 
 I'm indebted to you, Mr Wilson. 
 Are you sure you don't want me to call the police? 
 No, no, no, no. I believe that I can resolve this myself. 
 Your wife works at the exchange, does she not? 
 On shift today, in fact. 
 Hm. 
 Would there ever be an occasion when she might listen in to a telephone conversation? 
 Well, she is exceedingly nosy. 
 I see. 
 But she's very self-disciplined. 
 She'll never listen in to a call. 
 That said, there are others at the exchange who may have a little less self-control than my wife. 
 Damn it. 
 Is everything all right? 
 Damn ribbon broke. 
 Pat keeps a supply in the kitchen somewhere. 
 Middle drawer of the dresser. 
 Can't find one. 
 Well, she has some kind of system for what gets put where, I don't know. 
 I'll go next door and ring Pat. 
 Number, please. 
 Hello, Claire. Could I please speak to Pat? 
 Mrs Simms isn't here, Mrs Campbell. 
 Are you sure? 
 Quite sure. 
 She isn't down for a shift today. 
 Oh. 
 I see. 
 My mistake, Claire. Sorry to have bothered you. 
 It's no bother. 
 Sorry, I'm late. 
 Lots of calls. And then Claire arrived late for her shift. 
 How did you find Bob? 
 Last time I looked he'd nodded off. 
 Excellent. 
 I need to talk to you. 
 What about? 
 The ribbon from his typewriter broke. 
 Oh, yes. 
 I called the exchange to find out where you keep his spares. 
 Erica, I can explain. 
 There's no need. 
 What do you mean? 
 I saw you the other day, at the Czech camp. 
 With the Czech soldier. 
 Right, so, yeah... so you saw me meeting Colonel Cipris accepting... 
 It wasn't Colonel Cipris. I was with Colonel Cipris. 
 You walked out of the woods with a different man. 
 Erica, please... 
 I gave Bob the ribbon from our surgery typewriter. 
 Seems to work well enough. 
 Thank you. 
 
 
 
 Erica... I understand why you felt the need to lie to me about where you were going. But don't you realise how dangerous what you're doing is? 
 If Bob never finds out... 
 What if I hadn't been able to cover for you? What about the next time you sneak away? Or the time after that or the time after that? 
 Thank you for helping out today. 
 I didn't want to believe it. My own flesh and blood stealing from his family. But I couldn't think of any other explanation. 
 Mum... I may have only recently learned to read, Stanley... but I have always been able to count. 
 I... 
 Ah-ah. 
 Out. 
 I know this prevents livestock getting out of the farm, but it won't stop German soldiers getting in for very long. 
 The point's not to stop them getting in: but to slow them down long enough for you, Steph and Stan to get the guns and hide. 
 Stan! Look who I caught helping himself to our butter to flog under the counter. 
 I'm only trying to make a bit extra for us. 
 It's called the black market, Stanley. 
 They send out spies to catch people like you. 
 You could end up in prison. 
 How did you think it could help? 
 Does it matter? 
 The more money we have the better. 
 To get things we need when the Jerries invade. Or for bribes. 
 Why don't we cross the bridge marked "bribing Nazis" when we get to it, eh? 
 Tell him, Stan. 
 I think he's right. 
 Isobel, are the words coming out of my mouth making sense to you at least? 
 I suppose Stanley's only thinking ahead. 
 Isn't that a good idea? 
 No. 
 It's as dangerous as this idiot teaching him to bayonet highly-trained German infantry. 
 When the Jerries do invade it'll be too late to prepare. 
 The time is now. 
 This goes back in the store. 
 Then you'll hand over every ill-gotten penny you've made. 
 I was only trying to help. 
 I know. Go on. 
 You carry on like this, you're gonna get him killed. 
 He's not a kid any more. 
 He's not a bloody soldier either. 
 So why are you treating him like one? 
 I take it it was you that I have to thank for this coming through my door this morning? 
 I wonder how the rest of the village would feel to know that you listen in to their private conversations? 
 Now, wait a minute. 
 You take notes? 
 Now, look, you said you hoped a swastika would be flying over Parliament within two months. 
 I made an observation to my husband about the way I thought the war was currently going. 
 Not that I was glad that it was going that way! 
 You sounded pleased. 
 So you decided to spread the word that I'm a Nazi sympathiser? 
 I'm only trying to listen out for alarm and despondency like the government asked us to. 
 Listening to people's conversations is certainly not what the government was asking. 
 Those with nothing to hide have nothing to fear. 
 Except from unaccountable imbeciles spreading lies. 
 Give me that book. 
 It's mine. 
 Come on. 
 The book, yes. The contents, most definitely not. 
 Come in. 
 Mrs Barden, may I introduce Neil and Ian Lyons. 
 It's a pleasure to meet you, Mrs Barden. 
 I am so sorry to learn of your recent tragic loss. 
 Words can barely express. 
 Thank you, gentlemen. This is our accountant, Mrs Scotlock. 
 And Mr Taylor you've already met. 
 How do you do? 
 I'm afraid I'm due at another meeting. 
 But I leave you in eminently capable hands. 
 Gentlemen, please. Take a seat. 
 So I hope they're hungry, the amount that we've got going. 
 Do you need a lift? Wouldn't mind. 
 Come on now, on the step. Let's all be gentlemen. 
 Your parachute silk price per yard is significantly below the rate of our current silk suppliers. 
 We recognise that we have to be competitive to win the business. 
 And once you've won it will your prices inexorably rise? 
 Not our style. 
 We want to forge a long-term relationship with this company. 
 But your figures don't seem sustainable, Mr Lyons. 
 As my brother said, we want the business for the long term. 
 Yes, but to put it bluntly you're liable to make a loss. 
 Why don't you let us worry about our bottom line, Mrs Scotlock? 
 Whilst you appreciate what this price can do for your own. 
 I assumed you were going to be good at this! 
 All pilots are trained in continental dancing in case we go down in enemy territory and have to blend in with the locals. 
 Clearly I missed a key class in grace and coordination. 
 Oh, for God's sake, don't stop. They might get offended. 
 New Wing Commander seems to be enjoying himself. 
 He's certainly giving it his all. 
 I know your husband is being held many hundreds of miles away, Mrs Collingborne, but I advise you to remember that to the rest of the village you remain the vicar's wife. 
 I haven't forgotten for a moment. 
 Watching you dance with the Wing Commander... less sophisticated minds might think otherwise. 
 This is a dangerous time to become the subject of gossip. 
 Right, drink up. Intel from the punch table is that some form of square dancing's on its way. 
 No, not for me, I'm afraid. 
 I think I rolled my ankle trying to avoid one of your flailing legs. 
 I have a reputation for leaving broken women in my wake. 
 Not broken-hearted, you understand, just broken. 
 Miss Fenchurch looks ready to rejoin the fray. 
 Teresa! 
 The Wing Commander needs a partner for the next dance. 
 I'm no Ginger Rogers, I'm afraid. 
 My mother said I was born with three left feet. 
 Three? 
 The perfect number for absolute stability. 
 Stability maybe, mobility not so much. 
 Go on. I'll give it my best shot. 
 At least I can tell my mother I've danced with a Wing Commander. 
 Come on. 
 Come in. 
 Mrs Barden, Mr Lakin for you. 
 Thank you for coming, Mr Lakin. 
 Frances Barden. Peter's wife. 
 My deepest condolences, Mrs Barden. 
 We've lost two very special people. 
 Please, sit. 
 You asked to see me? 
 I wanted to ask what you know about the relationship between my husband and your daughter. 
 She thought he was a tremendous employer. 
 Were you aware that they were having an affair? 
 Oh, you were. 
 Do you know how long for? 
 Is this why you've asked me here? 
 To ask questions you already know the answers to? 
 Oh, I have so many questions, Mr Lakin. And so few answers. 
 I think I should leave. 
 My husband left 20% of this factory to an unknown party. 
 Did you know that? 
 Look, I don't know what game you're trying to play... 
 I'm not interested in games, Mr Lakin. 
 I'm only interested in finding out the truth. 
 I thought as much. 
 You've brought me here to tell me you're going to contest the will. 
 Oh, even if I wanted to contest the will my solicitor tells me that I have no grounds. 
 A 20% share can't affect any decision made by the 80% shareholder. 
 But they will always be there, won't they? 
 In the background. A constant reminder. 
 Oh, listen. 
 It fair knocked us for six when we learned what he left her. 
 Oh, I can imagine. 
 Whatever we decide to do with it, it will be in Noah's best long-term interests. 
 Noah? 
 That the legacy now passes to him will be small consolation for the loss of his mother, but the annual dividend will cover his schooling and the capital should secure his future. 
 Her son? 
 Helen has a child? 
 You didn't know? 
 I had no idea. 
 The presence of a b*st*rd in one's family isn't something to shout from the rooftops. 
 Even one as splendid and sharp as Noah. 
 How... 
 How old is the boy? 
 He'll be 11 come November. 
 11. 
 Helen brought him up here all the time. 
 Noah loves his visits to the factory. 
 Uncle Peter explaining how everything works. 
 Spoiling him rotten with sweets and toys. 
 Your husband really took the boy under his wing. 
 Since when? 
 Since the day he was born, Mrs Barden. 
 I'm assuming a dance with your wheezy old man is out of the question? 
 To show those who'd grind us down that we refuse to be crushed. 
 Mind if I cut in, sir? 
 Yes. 
 Not at all. 
 You're missed at the station. 
 Not by everyone, I'm not. 
 You are by me. 
 Don't... 
 I don't care two hoots what people think. 
 Of you. Or me for that matter. 
 You were a long time talking with the Colonel. 
 His command of English isn't very good. 
 And the eventual gist? 
 It seems they don't need any more doctors. 
 I see. 
 But what they do lack is daily access to a pharmacist. 
 What do you think? 
 I mean, I already said yes, but what do you think? 
 I think you should say yes. 
 That's what I thought you'd think. 
 I'm so lucky to have you. 
 Come on. 
 The name you left was Lyons. 
 There was something about them I really didn't like. 
 They felt... it's the only way I can describe them... off, in some way. 
 As if they would secure the contract, come what may. 
 Your instinct is spot-on. The Lyons are known to us. 
 That's good to know. 
 I'll tell Mrs Barden to give them the widest of berths. 
 On the contrary. Tell her to accept their offer. 
 I don't understand. You just said... 
 Do everything in your power to make it happen. 
 Their involvement in the factory presents a major opportunity for us to finally get someone on the inside of one of their operations. 
 Mrs Barden is a good friend of mine. 
 If these men are as dangerous as you say they are... 
 Set your personal loyalties to one side, Mrs Scotlock, and focus on your public duty. 
 This is when "for King and Country" really means something. 
 Please. 
 Get them into the factory. 
 Excuse me, madam. 
 May I have the honour of the next dance, please? 
 I'm here with my husband. 
 Would you mind terribly, sir? 
 No, no, no. By all means. Er... 
 Us veterans, we have to take our R&R when we can find it. 
 I really don't think it's a good idea. 
 For once in your life don't be so damn miserable and dance with the man. 
 Thank you, sir. Madam? 
 What in God's name do you think you're doing? 
 From your description I would not have thought your husband would want to attend this event. 
 He insisted at the last minute. 
 To keep an eye on me. 
 Well, let him keep an eye on you and I dancing together. 
 I don't think I can do this. 
 You dance very well. 
 I don't think I can continue to see you now Bob's back. 
 But you said if we were careful... 
 I was wrong. 
 I'm sorry. The lies have started already. 
 And I'm scared. 
 You don't have to be. 
 Oh, I do. 
 I'm so very sorry. 
 Good dancer. 
 Thank you. 
 No, not you. 
 Who's that? She's not WAAF, is she? 
 Air Transport Auxiliary. 
 Flies training planes around the country to wherever they're needed. 
 She flies planes? 
 Yeah. 
 Annie? Miss Fenchurch here finds it difficult to believe you can fly. 
 You must have heard of Amy Johnson? 
 Yes, of course. I just didn't realise the RAF used female pilots. 
 Begrudgingly. 
 Not me! 
 Do you fly Hurricanes? 
 We're not allowed. Because we'd show the boys up. 
 Superb pilot. Pity she's not a man. 
 She'd almost certainly be top of my kill board. 
 I've been looking for you everywhere. 
 I thought you were at the factory. 
 Helen has a son as old as their affair. 
 Peter's? 
 As sure as I am that you're my sister. 
 You are my sister, aren't you? 
 Oh! 
 Go to the shelter with everybody. 
 Why aren't you coming? 
 I'm gonna go see if they need me. If they don't, I'll come find you. 
 Don't blame the boy. 
 I don't. 
 I blame you and your constant talk of invasion. 
 Our son's protected, Stan. 
 I want him kept out of harm's way as long as humanly possible. 
 If you think that is gonna happen you are living in a dream. 
 If the Germans invade it's because you and your army couldn't defend us. 
 Then the barbed wire, reinforced fencing, hidden weapons, none of it will make a blind bit of difference. 
 (I'm likely to need some more.) 
 Is it extra butter you're after, Mrs Talbot? 
 I hope not. Two ounces a week, per person, from the grocer's, like everyone else. 
 Good of your er... Czech friend and his pals to escort us over here. 
 They felt it their responsibility to see us to safety. 
 And he's not my friend. 
 Didn't you get acquainted while you were dancing? 
 No, not really. 
 Bloody hell, that was close. 
 Why would they be bombing us when the target is Liverpool? 
 It's not just Liverpool. 
 It's the canals transporting armaments. 
 It's anywhere else they want to target to destroy our morale. 
 Or just pilots dumping bombs early to get back to Germany before they're shot down. 
 That's not right. 
 It's war. 
 What has right got to do with anything? 
 You all need to get your heads out of your backsides and understand what'll happen when the Nazis come. 
 That's enough. Stan. Stan... 
 It won't be like the last one. 
 Fought somewhere over the horizon. 
 The Nazis are on their way. I've seen them. 
 And they are merciless. 
 Oh, sh1t. 
 Stop, quiet. Quiet, please! 
 An unexploded bomb has landed just 30 feet from the top of those stairs. 
 Now, the tiniest vibration could set it off. 
 Everyone remain calm, I'm gonna go call the army. 
 I am trained in explosives. 
 We should leave this to the British. 
 You might not have the time. Do you have basic tools in the house? 
 Screwdrivers, wire cutters, pliers. 
 This way. 
 Everybody stay exactly where you are. 
 Be careful. 
 I'll get a broom. 
 Dad! 
 Dad! 
 Mim... 
 Miriam! 
 Mum... 
 Oh! 
 I still can't believe it. 
 Mim... you did believe. 
 I couldn't, but... but you... 
 And I'll never understand how. 
 But you did. 
 Thank you. 
 I... I just want to check. 
 I have arranged to meet the Grandfather and buy him out. 
 I think it's a great deal of money. 
 It's your results. 
 I'm losing a great deal of sleep over what I'm doing behind Francis' back. 
 No turning back now. 
 Why ever would I want to? 
 Let me do that. 
 I can tie my own laces! 
 ♪ I can see them talking ♪ 
♪ But I only hear the voices in my head ♪ 
♪ Waiting for the moment they'll be calling to me ♪ 
♪ And if I try ♪ 
♪ I'll remember that the words were never said ♪ 
♪ Only now the others hold no meaning for me ♪ 
♪ And I'll see ♪ 
♪ With wide-open eyes ♪ 
♪ Of blindness ♪ 
♪ I'll leave ♪ 
♪ The ever-calling cries ♪ 
♪ In silence ♪ 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 