Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x04 - Season 2, Episode 4 - Home Fires 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x04 - Season 2, Episode 4 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=294&t=26864 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/25/16 01:41 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x04 - Season 2, Episode 4 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 I don't think I can continue to see you now Bob's back. I'm so very sorry. 
 Our scrap lying all over the fields is one thing, but hiding loaded weapons on the farm? 
 Stan, I don't like this one little bit. 
 Mrs Barton, may I introduce Neil and Ian Lyons? 
 We want to forge a long-term relationship with this company. 
 Annie, Miss Fenchurch here finds it difficult to believe you can fly. 
 Whatever we decide to do with it, it will be in Noah's best long-term interests. 
 I've been looking for you everywhere. 
 I thought you were at the factory. 
 Helen has a son as old as their affair. 
 Peter's? 
 ♪ I can see them talking but I only hear the voices ♪ 
♪ Waiting for the moment they'll be calling to me ♪ 
♪ And if I try I'll remember that the words were never said ♪ 
♪ Only now the others hold no meaning for me ♪ 
♪ And I'll see ♪ 
♪ With wide-open eyes ♪ 
♪ Of blindness ♪ 
♪ I'll leave ♪ 
♪ The ever-calling cries ♪ 
♪ In silence ♪ 
♪ Every place we shouldn't go ♪ 
♪ We shouldn't see, we will never know ♪ 
♪ And all I want ♪ 
♪ All I see ♪ 
♪ All I fear ♪ 
♪ Is waiting for me ♪ 
♪ Now I see ♪ 
♪ I'll be ♪ 
♪ Eyes wide open ♪ 
♪ All the cries ♪ 
♪ Broken ♪ 
♪ For now... ♪ 
 Dawn raids now. 
 They're testing our defences. 
 How are we holding up? 
 Restricted information. 
 We're old friends. 
 Should I be practising my German? 
 I could have you locked up for that defeatist talk. 
 I deny everything. 
 Was er... Miss Fenchurch at the shelter? 
 She was. 
 Why do you ask? 
 I'm just on my way to pick her up for a day out. 
 How lovely. 
 What have you got planned for today? 
 Oh, well, nothing as exciting as you. 
 I don't want to scare her with too much excitement. 
 I'm aiming for "highly enjoyable". 
 Well, if she's with you, then it will be. 
 Well, I'll see you soon. 
 Ready to go in half an hour? 
 You all right with that? 
 Then we've got a couple more bags. 
 Right. 
 Will you tell me I'm doing the right thing? 
 You like him, don't you? 
 He seems very nice. 
 And he certainly likes you or he wouldn't have asked to take you out for the day. 
 It's not as straightforward as that, though, is it, Alison? 
 It could be. If you give it a chance. 
 No more looking over your shoulder, wondering what people are thinking or saying about you. 
 No more living in fear. 
 Dead on time. 
 One of the chief drawbacks of being in the RAF is you come to regard everything as a kind of sortie with unforgiving punctuality at its heart. 
 Sorry! All ready. 
 You look lovely. 
 You look very smart yourself. 
 Took me ages to decide what to wear. 
 In the end I went with "Wing Commander". 
 Good choice. Suits you. 
 No turning back now. 
 Why ever would I want to? 
 Just decided. Not going back. 
 You bloody well are. I'm getting bored of looking at you. 
 It's gonna be difficult. 
 You just get yourself back here. 
 As we expand to meet the demands of increased parachute production, we're having to take on more staff. 
 I'd like to improve the lighting on the shop floor. Make it a brighter place to work. 
 Eventually put more windows in to allow in more sunlight. 
 Long overdue in my opinion. 
 You're certainly going at it all guns blazing. 
 This is my factory now so I'm going to run it as I see fit. 
 Where have I heard that before? 
 The responsibility here is far greater than that involved with running the WI. 
 If members didn't like the way I ran the Institute, they could simply leave. 
 Employees can't do that. 
 They need the job. 
 Of course. 
 So I see it as my job to keep them happy doing theirs. 
 Will the new changes you're planning require the approval of the 20% shareholder? 
 The 20% represents a share of the profits, not a say in the running of the company. 
 Morning. 
 Morning, Alison. 
 Besides, the 20% left to Helen will soon disappear. 
 Why? 
 I've arranged to meet the grandfather. 
 And buy him out. 
 That's rather drastic. 
 It's the only way I can sever all ties with him. 
 Do you think he'll agree to sell? 
 As the boy's trustee, Mr Lakin is tasked with acting in the boy's best interest. 
 If my offer is clearly beneficial, he'll have no choice but to accept. 
 So much of my time is spent behind a desk now. 
 Wonderful to be able to just... get out into the open and walk. 
 Don't you feel the same way, stuck in a classroom all day? 
 I'm not stuck behind a desk. 
 Oh. 
 But I can certainly see why you like doing this. 
 I love walking. 
 I used to do it all the time with... 
 With...? 
 Friends. 
 Shall we press on? 
 Do you need to be back by a certain time? 
 No. But I would like to reach the top by a certain time. 
 To the top it is, then! 
 Thanks for your cooperation, Mr Taylor. We'll be in touch... 
 I can certainly see why you wanted me to see this. 
 Well, this is stunning, no doubt, but it isn't what I wanted you to see. 
 What is? 
 That. 
 What is it? 
 Parachute training flight. 
 Bang on schedule. 
 Best watched through your own eyes. 
 It's beautiful. 
 I hoped you'd like it. 
 It's wonderful. I'd love to do that. 
 It's the most extraordinary experience. 
 Float to earth like a dandelion seed. 
 Can I borrow those for a moment? 
 Of course. 
 What's wrong? 
 I'm sorry, we... we have to go. 
 Why? What's happened? 
 They're not getting up. 
 More... more firmly around my waist. You're gonna have to bear my weight. 
 Are you sure you're ready? 
 If I don't try now, I'll never know. 
 Why don't we wait for Dr Campbell to make a proper assessment? 
 No. I'm not wasting money on a house call. 
 Now after three. Ready? 
 One, two, three. 
 Ooh! Lift, woman! 
 I'm trying! 
 Lift! Aargh! Aargh! 
 Argh! Oh, you idiot! 
 I'm not tall enough to get the right amount of leverage. 
 Let me get Dr Campbell. He might be able to do it. 
 And if he can't, that's five bob wasted. 
 No, no. I made a mistake. We'll try again in a few days. 
 Right. Whenever you feel ready. 
 I'm due at the exchange. 
 How long will you be? 
 The usual length of time. Three hours. 
 Get some chocolate while you're out. 
 Saying please occasionally won't kill you. 
 Please. 
 The Brindsleys are here for their appointment. 
 Come in. Sit down. 
 Thank you. 
 How are you doing, David? 
 Bearing up. 
 I still can't believe he's really back. 
 Perfectly understandable, given everything you've been through. 
 We're very lucky, we know that. 
 As you know, I've already seen the extent of David's injuries and have now read the records forwarded by the Navy following your medical discharge. 
 I wanted to see you together since you will play a major part in David's rehabilitation. 
 Of course. 
 When can I return to the shop? 
 The shop? 
 To work. 
 How often do your scars split open, David? 
 When I forget sometimes. 
 Er... you know and I reach up or I bend suddenly. 
 Painful? 
 Well, that should lessen over time, but I'm afraid there is absolutely no question of you undertaking any form of manual labour in the shop. 
 Or anywhere else, for that matter. 
 What? 
 You must know your back simply won't take it. 
 For... For how long? 
 For how long? 
 For the rest of his life, Bryn. 
 David's back will never heal. 
 Sorry I'm late. 
 Only ten minutes. 
 I was waylaid at home. 
 One of the Czech soldiers left this for you. 
 What? 
 I was just about to pop it in Spencer's bag so he could deliver it to your house. 
 Which one? 
 Which one what? 
 Which soldier? 
 Didn't ask for his name. 
 Should I have? 
 No, no. That's fine. 
 This will be about the WI in some regard. 
 Though why they delivered it here, I don't know. 
 I have given them my home address. 
 Well... 
 Erm... have a good shift. 
 Thank you, I shall. 
 Not the most joyful consultation I've ever had. 
 That poor boy. 
 New war. Same old story. 
 It was delivered during your appointment. 
 It's your results. 
 Will? 
 The tumour... has shrunk by between 20% and 30%. 
 What? 
 It... It hasn't disappeared. 
 But you're giving it a run for its money? 
 So it would seem. 
 How much more time will that give you? 
 Impossible to say. Months, perhaps? A year? 
 However long, it's a wonderful, wonderful gift! 
 What's happened? 
 If that's Death come to apologise for an administrative error... 
 I think it's Tom. He said he'd call round if he could. 
 I can erm... come back later, if now's not a good time. 
 Now's a brilliant time. Dad just received some wonderful news. 
 He's just telling Mum all about it. 
 I've put in for as many Land Girls as we can afford. 
 And the Irish boys will be back soon, so you shouldn't find yourself shorthanded. 
 Right. 
 Don't let the Irish lads hold you to ransom. 
 They know what we pay for the harvest. Don't let them take the piss. 
 I won't. 
 Little Stan's gonna have to pull his weight and then some. 
 Yeah. He knows. 
 I've left the figures for the quota -- 
 In the dresser drawer. 
 I've already read 'em. 
 Right. 
 It's all gonna be here when you get back. 
 Just as it is now. 
 Off out? 
 No point staying here. 
 David, even if you can't do as much as you used to, there's still plenty you can do to help in the shop. 
 Help? Help but not work. Help out. Like a child. 
 I didn't mean it like that. 
 Let me do that. 
 I can tie my own laces! 
 I'm sorry. 
 It just takes a bit longer. 
 Sorry I'm late. 
 I was just thinking it's not like you. 
 Perhaps not old Jenny, but new WAAF Jenny might find herself stretched for time like never before. 
 WAAF Jenny? 
 I've joined the WAAF. 
 I say "joined", I was more or less spotted. 
 I say "spotted", I was plucked, Mrs Simms. 
 From behind the bar at Tabley Wood and asked by a senior WAAF officer to consider joining. 
 I say "asked", she more or less begged me. 
 Very impressive. 
 You could erm... think about joining the WAAF. 
 Oh, no, no. I'm sure I'd be too old. 
 Hm. You're probably right. 
 Number, please? 
 Chester 27413. 
 Putting you through now. 
 Morning, Mick. 
 Morning. 
 Shouldn't you be resting? 
 Since I opened that letter I feel like resting 20% to 30% less than I did before. 
 I'm working. 
 Don't be so bourgeois. 
 We are bourgeois. 
 Couldn't we take some time off? Be wanton hedonists for an hour? 
 We have received some good news. 
 Some wonderful news. 
 So... we should celebrate. 
 Very well. But only for 45 minutes. 
 That doesn't sound very wanton. 
 Haven't started yet. 
 I wasn't sure you'd get my letter. 
 You shouldn't have left it at the exchange. 
 Someone might have become suspicious. 
 But if what you said at the camp is true and you don't want to see me any more, what should they be suspicious of? 
 When we were dancing, I could feel Bob's eyes burning into the back of my head and I panicked. 
 Do you want to see me? 
 Not an hour passes where I don't miss being with you. 
 Good. 
 Cos I need to see you. 
 Be with you. Not only now, but in the future. 
 But how can we think like this, when we don't even know if we'll survive the war? 
 We have no choice but to assume that we will. 
 Only then will we have a chance to make a life together when this is over. 
 Are you absolutely certain you've seen Ian Lyons give Mr Taylor money? 
 Lyons gave Mr Taylor a brown envelope. 
 I saw him open it, it was full of money. 
 Large notes or small? 
 I couldn't tell from where I was standing. 
 And once he'd counted the cash, he slipped the envelope into his jacket and hurried back into the factory. 
 Has this happened on more than one occasion? Several times? 
 I've only seen it once. 
 So it could easily be a fee for introducing the Lyons brothers to Mrs Barden? 
 Not something we'd lose sleep over. 
 Lucky you. I'm losing a great deal of sleep over what I'm doing behind Frances' back. 
 During wartime, public duty takes precedence over private loyalty. 
 You wanted to take this on, remember? 
 I'd no idea it would involve bringing known criminals into my friend's business. 
 We have no interest in seeing the factory wrecked, Mrs Scotlock. 
 Only using it to get at the Lyons. 
 Whoever it is, get rid of them! 
 Coming. 
 Good day, Mrs Campbell. 
 Mrs Cameron. Or should I say Madam President? 
 Well, arguably both. I've come wearing two hats. 
 I'm a little busy... 
 Hat number one. 
 I would like to re-register with Dr Campbell. 
 Is that you and Mr Cameron? 
 Just me. 
 Just you? 
 Hat number two -- 
 I'm a little bit busy. 
 I want to discuss First Aid with you. 
 What about it? 
 If a bomb fell on the village once, it could do so again. 
 Ordinary people should be trained to deal with injuries in the event of an explosion. 
 If a victim is left untreated before they get to hospital... 
 By the time they get there it may be too late. 
 Excellent idea. Unfortunately -- 
 Why don't you put the kettle on and I'll explain to you what I have in mind? 
 
 
 
 I'm home. 
 Sorry I'm late. 
 Woman working the shift after mine was late and we can't leave the exchange unstaffed. 
 It's not the first time she's been late. It's developed into a bit of a habit. 
 Each time she gets away with it, she's a little later the next time which isn't fair at all. 
 Sounds like it's going well. 
 It's some of my best work. 
 If I say so myself. 
 Real drama on the page. 
 When do you expect the sample chapter to be ready to send out? 
 You got an eye on a new dress, have you? 
 Of course not. 
 Hopefully by the end of the week. 
 You read the paper today? 
 No time. Why? 
 Just been officially released that we suffered our biggest loss in maritime history during the evacuation from France. 
 Nearly 3,500 men, women... children. 
 All gone. 
 Dreadful. 
 Around the same time, our Czech friends were being rescued further south. 
 But not all of them, mind. 
 What do you mean? 
 They managed to leave some of their boys behind. 
 Well, I expect the fighting was extremely fierce. 
 The British all leave together or they all stay and fight. 
 We don't abandon our own. 
 I don't think that's very fair. 
 Why would you say that? 
 Well, we have no idea of the circumstances. 
 The fact that some were left tells us all we need to know about the ones who made it out. 
 Strutting around the village like they own the place. 
 But in their hearts, they know they're cowards. 
 Nothing more and nothing less. 
 Now you're back... a sandwich would be nice. 
 First harvest without your old man. Your mum's gonna need to lean on you hard. 
 Need you working even harder. 
 Are you ready? 
 Looking forward to it. 
 It's time. 
 Where are we going exactly? 
 Exactly this way. 
 Are we going anywhere specific or just roaming around? 
 Somewhere specific. 
 Where? 
 I need someone along for moral support, not to be interrogated every step of the way. 
 Someone? 
 You. 
 I thought you were gone all day. 
 Nick had to get back early. 
 Why? 
 He'd taken me to a beauty spot, so that I could see the para recruits do their parachute jumping. 
 Very romantic. 
 It really was. Until we realised some of them weren't getting back on their feet after landing. 
 They weren't dead or anything, they were moving. 
 They just weren't getting back up. 
 Anyway, Nick's gone back to Tabley Wood to see what the problem was. 
 He didn't cut things short, cos you weren't getting on? 
 We were getting on like a house on fire. 
 He's lovely company. 
 I totally understand why he wanted to get back. He really cares about his men. 
 Why don't you invite him over for supper here and carry on where you left off? 
 Impress him with your culinary abilities. 
 Alison, I don't have any culinary abilities. 
 Impress him with mine, passed off as yours. 
 Connie's gone, Teresa. 
 Connie wasn't the first. 
 She could be the last. 
 Go on, invite Nick over. 
 It's the local Observer Corps. 
 The eyes and ears of the RAF. 
 You want to join the Observer Corps? 
 But you -- 
 It's a civilian service. 
 The RAF can't stop me. 
 Hello? 
 Yes? 
 I'd like to inquire about joining. 
 You sound like a girl. 
 That's very observant of you. 
 A sarcastic one. 
 I was trying to be funny. Sorry. 
 Well, as much as I appreciate a good laugh, females aren't eligible to join the Corps. 
 What difference can it make if the people spotting planes are male or female? 
 I didn't make the rules. 
 Shouldn't you understand the rules before you enforce them? 
 No need. The rules are the rules. 
 I want to help with the war effort. I think I could be good at it. 
 If the rule disallowing females from joining could be rendered more flexible, would you be fundamentally opposed to Laura joining? 
 I personally have no issues with females becoming observers. 
 Some of the most observant people I know are... female. 
 But the rule says -- 
 But if the rule could be relaxed? 
 We are a singular bunch. But fair-minded. 
 If the rule allowed it, I wouldn't foresee any problems. 
 I don't understand why you choose to be so -- - Thank you, sir. 
 Let me speak to my Wing Commander and see what he advises. Goodbye. 
 Cheerio. 
 Goodbye, sir. Thank you. 
 A quick learner like you could be an asset. 
 Thank you. 
 Haven't done anything yet. 
 You have. 
 And there's your change. 
 Thank you very much again. 
 David? 
 David? 
 What do you think you're doing? 
 You heard what Dr Campbell said. 
 Leave him. 
 Bryn! 
 He needs to try. 
 You don't have to prove anything to us. 
 This isn't for our benefit. 
 Come on then, son. One step at a time. 
 That's enough! 
 Bryn... 
 Come. Up... 
 Suggesting we meet at the house was inspired. 
 Whenever Adam needed to have a difficult conversation with a parishioner, he always did so in their own home. 
 It's where they felt most secure. 
 Very disarming. 
 And I've asked for the boy to be out of the house, so I don't have to see him. 
 I know you want nothing to do with him, but you can't keep calling him "the boy". 
 Sounds like you have an axe to grind. 
 I do. 
 With your deceased husband and his deceased lover. 
 Not with "the boy" who is the one innocent in all of this. 
 The one innocent, Sarah? 
 And you, of course. 
 I know you find this extraordinarily difficult, but use his name. 
 Or you run the risk of sounding unpleasantly antagonistic towards a child. 
 I'll try. 
 In all probability, Peter came here many times. 
 You put that out of your mind. 
 You have come with a positive offer that will enable you all to move on with your lives without entanglement. 
 Indeed. 
 You might even attempt a smile. 
 Or you might not. 
 What do you think? 
 I think it's a great deal of money. 
 I'm sure you'll agree that a sum of this size would provide your grandson with backing to do whatever he wanted in life. 
 It would. It would certainly reassure my wife to know that Noah had financial security with neither of us in the best of health. 
 Granddad! 
 Mr Lakin! You were expressly asked to keep the child out of this meeting. 
 Noah! I told you to play out on t'rec until I came to fetch you. 
 I hit a four! Not with a tennis ball, a real cricket ball. 
 I swung the bat and I followed through and it ran all the way to the boundary. 
 Who are they? 
 David! David Brindsley! 
 Where are you going? 
 Bird-watching. 
 Me, too. Great big German ones. 
 The local Observer Corps agreed to take me on. 
 In spite of the fact I'm a girl. 
 A little arm-twisting from the Wing Commander at Tabley Wood didn't hurt. 
 Nice to have friends in high places. 
 Must get lonely wandering around by yourself. 
 Things to think about. 
 Yeah, well, among all of that, have a think about joining the Observer Corps. 
 I have to say the offer is very generous, Mrs Barden, but in considering it, I have to take into account the wishes of two people. 
 Two people? 
 Noah and Peter. 
 I'm sorry, Peter? 
 Your husband didn't leave Noah a sum of money to spend or invest, Mrs Barden. 
 My husband didn't leave anything to Noah. 
 But to your daughter. His mistress. 
 Peter bequeathed Helen a portion of his business for the benefit of herself and Noah. 
 A portion we can reasonably assume was intended to pass to Noah upon Helen's death. 
 I think that's a reasonable assumption, don't you? 
 I suppose so. 
 That is how I interpret Peter's intention. 
 I have to respect that intention. 
 For that reason, your offer for Noah's 20% is declined. 
 Forget what Peter may or may not have had in mind when he drew up the will -- 
 I can't, Mrs Barden. Oh, I understand how you must feel about him. 
 You couldn't even come close. 
 Peter is the boy's father. 
 I have a duty to uphold what I believe to be his last will and testament towards his son. 
 Noah will remain as a shareholder. 
 That pie was extremely good. And I'll be back tomorrow for more of the same. 
 You'll be most welcome. 
 I'm not joking. 
 Neither's she. 
 Teresa told me you witnessed something unusual the other day. 
 Unusual? 
 Mm. The parachutists. 
 Oh, yes. 
 Terrible business. Someone's gonna cop it and rightly so. 
 Why? 
 It was a routine training exercise. 
 They were landing on well-known terrain. 
 Some of the boys came down too hard and ended up with a mixture of severe sprains, broken ankles and a fractured pelvis. 
 When you say "came down too hard"? 
 Too fast. And not just up here. There's similar reports from training bases around the country. 
 So, not just a random accident? 
 The powers-that-be don't seem to think so. 
 There's a consequence as of this evening, in fact. 
 They've suspended training across the board. Until the cause is discovered. 
 I will not have it! 
 You need to calm down. 
 That child is a result of Peter's secret life. I won't be shackled to that for the rest of my days. 
 Dragging it behind me like a rock. 
 Don't decide on anything hasty. 
 Oh, I've already decided. 
 I'm going to sell the factory. 
 Does Noah pose so much of a threat to you? 
 We should never have gone to the house! 
 I'm glad we met him. 
 How can you say that? 
 Weren't you curious to see what the last fragment of Peter on this earth looked like? 
 Weren't you stunned to see he's the spit of his father? 
 He's inherited all of Peter's mannerisms, the way he looks at you -- 
 And in 20 years, no doubt, his capacity to lie and deceive. 
 That is a terrible thing to say. 
 You cannot visit the sins of the father upon his child. 
 Why not? God would. 
 Well, not Adam's God. 
 And if I ever did believe in one, his would be the one I'd choose. 
 Thank you once again for a delightful evening. 
 That really was the best shepherd's pie I've ever tasted by the way. 
 You really must come again. 
 I'd like that, very much. 
 Oh, er... 
 Oh, I'm so sorry. 
 I didn't mean -- 
 Please don't apologise. 
 I'm sorry. You caught me by surprise, that's all. 
 Oh. 
 It really was lovely to see you. 
 And you. 
 If we didn't know before, we do now. 
 Our village lies directly under the Luftwaffe's flight path into Liverpool... and the great cities of the North West. 
 Furthermore, our canal is being used to transport ordnance to the South. 
 That means the whole network has become a German target. 
 We would be remiss if we didn't anticipate the next bomb to be dropped on Great Paxford and be at the ready to treat injuries should they arise. 
 So this evening, thanks to the assistance of our five Czech volunteers, Dr and Mrs Campbell will take us through the basics of blast injuries and how to treat them in-situ whilst waiting for evacuation to hospital. 
 And, remember, ladies, it's better to do it right than to do it fast. 
 Thank you. 
 Everyone stop what they're doing. 
 You've all done very well, but time is pressing on, so could we all thank our wonderful volunteers. 
 So, gentlemen, if you'd like to step over here, I'll release you from bondage. 
 For the remainder of the evening, I'm going to teach you how to attempt to revive a casualty whose heart has stopped beating and who has also stopped breathing. 
 The first is cardiac massage and the second is mouth-to-mouth resuscitation. 
 So if everyone could find a partner. 
 Yes, Miriam? 
 Are you saying we're to put our mouths to the mouth of another woman? 
 As you would have to, if you came across a female casualty, yes. 
 I don't know what Bryn would say about that. 
 You all right? 
 Yeah, I'm fine. 
 Just needed some fresh air. Go on back in. 
 You sure? 
 Yes, Steph. 
 I'm fine. Really. 
 It's just been a long day. I think I might just go home. 
 You look tired. 
 I feel it. 
 Go on. You're missing the demonstration. 
 Get a good night's sleep. 
 I'll try. 
 Don't usually see you here at this time of night. 
 Still trying to catch up with how the factory works. 
 I admire your diligence. 
 Our parachutes are high quality, aren't they, Mr Taylor? 
 The highest. 
 Couldn't leave this building if they weren't. 
 That machine... would stop them dead. 
 Yes? 
 Sorry to disturb, Wing Commander. 
 There's someone at the gate for you. 
 Yes, let them through. 
 Well, you must think me terribly rude. 
 First, what a lovely surprise. 
 Second, why would I think that? 
 It was such a wonderful day, Nick. 
 And all you got by way of thanks was a limp handshake. 
 I can assure you, a handshake was more than I was expecting. 
 Well, it shouldn't have been. 
 That's what you deserved. 
 Not to mention this. 
 Is there any further news about the parachute accidents? 
 They're pretty sure it's a manufacturing fault. 
 Ma, the lads have cleared out! 
 We'll lose the farm. 
 Hello, Mother. 
 Why don't I talk to him, warn him never to lay a finger on you? 
 This... changes everything. 
 ♪ I can see them talking ♪ 
♪ But I only hear the voices in my head ♪ 
♪ Waiting for the moment they'll be calling to me ♪ 
♪ And if I try ♪ 
♪ I'll remember that the words were never said ♪ 
♪ Only now the others hold no meaning for me ♪ 
♪ And I'll see ♪ 
♪ With wide-open eyes ♪ 
♪ Of blindness ♪ 
♪ I'll leave ♪ 
♪ The ever-calling cries ♪ 
♪ In silence ♪ 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 