Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x15 - The Darkness - Reign 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x15 - The Darkness https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=152&t=10121 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/22/14 07:09 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x15 - The Darkness 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 (fast tempo acoustic intro playing) 
 ♪ They all need something to hold on to ♪ 
♪ They all mean well ♪ 
♪ You could never feel my story ♪ 
♪ It's all you know... oh! 
 Previously, on Reign...  
 He heard them talk of a creature that resides in the woods. They give it blood. BASH: Olivia? The girl's been fed on. Chosen. She couldn't be. If she was chosen, she wouldn't have survived. Does Francis know that you're pregnant? No, and he can't. HENRY: Archduke. We thank you and your sister for coming. (both grunting) (heavy breathing) (screams) HENRY: She fell. To her death. My God. Henry. (screams) (panting) Don't let go. (door opens) SERVANT: Lady Kenna, Your Majesty. You didn't come to me last night, as we discussed. Is something wrong? Have I offended? You hurt me last time I was here. You don't look hurt. Is it your shoulder? I left your arms bound behind your back too long. Sorry. My mistake. Our games are new adventures for me, too, but... aren't they fun? I prefer the use of my arms. Remember there was once a time when you wanted every limb in play. Good point. Use them all today. Tonight is First Light. I should help Mary get ready. You should remember our deal. I might have someone wonderful for you to meet, this very night. In fact, I have a whole list of eligible, and rich, bachelors. All I ask... is that you indulge me. Anna, this is Kenna. Kenna, this is my new friend, Anna. She cost a fortune. Isn't she lovely? Yes. Lovely. I see a lust in your eyes that will not be easily extinguished. Luckily, Lady Kenna is here to help. Are you serious? Anna will be gentler than I've been of late. I promise you that. And... I'll make it worth your while. (deep sigh) * Oh * 
* Oh * * My * 
* My * * Heart * 
* Heart * ♪ No rest tonight ♪ * Eyes * 
* Eyes * * Wide * 
* Wide * * Shut * Shut * ♪ Shut out the light ♪ 
♪ Put me through hell again ♪ 
♪ I miss the fire ♪ 
♪ Let's burn the other end ♪ 
♪ With no end in sight ♪ 
♪ Come on and break ♪ 
♪ Me down ♪ 
♪ I'll let you ruin my day ♪ 
♪ I need a fix ♪ 
♪ Bitter and sick. ♪ LOLA: I'm not going. MARY: Well, what do you mean, you're not going? How can I attend a feast when I can barely look at food? First Light isn't about food. It's about men. Suitors. If a man offers a woman a candle, it shows his intention to court her, and if she accepts... She lights it in her window, I know. And I know I have to find a husband before anyone realizes I'm pregnant. Francis, or my future husband. I don't want to become a future king's property just because I made a mistake. An enormous mistake, I am aware. If a quick marriage is the solution for your problems, you must make the most of tonight. I even have a suitor for you to meet. Who? He's a count that Francis and I met on our travels. His name is Philipe Nardeen. What's he like? He's a man of age to wed. He also seems charming and well-read and kind. But please, you must understand, it might take some time for your feelings for him to grow. After our marriage. That's if I'm lucky enough to have him feel anything for me. He'd be the lucky one. I can't stay long. First Light's keeping everyone busy. Loads of special cakes and tarts being ordered as gifts. I suppose it takes more than an impressive candle to catch a lady's eye these days. In fact, someone's back at court, hoping to catch yours. Really? And who is that? The very rich and decidedly titled Lord Castleroy. You mean Peppercorn? That's what I called him, but I was corrected. The gentleman with a singular interest in his pepper trade, you said. But I disagree, he's also interested in you. I think I made it clear that I'm not interested in him. But you haven't been courted by another. Except you. I don't count, though, do I? (soft laugh) I don't say that to pain you. But it does. It hurts knowing that we can't be together. Ever, really. As long as not being together feels like this... I'm all right. When will you grow tired of kisses that lead nowhere? When you stop wishing they could lead somewhere. Oh, I... I almost forgot, this letter came for you from Scotland. ♪ Take off right on time ♪ It's from my parents. ♪ We're gonna leave our troubles behind ♪ Everything all right? ♪ Wake up under blue skies ♪ Thank you for the biscuits. ♪ Cool breeze gonna dry your eyes ♪ 
♪ Oh, I wanna fly away with you. ♪ (heavy sigh) Olivia, do you think you could speak of it yet? What happened to you? It won't help me. Perhaps it will help another. When the castle was taken, I was told to wait in the tunnels to help others to safety. But I didn't. I fled, fearing for my own life. And then I saw her. NOSTRADAMUS: Her? A girl, a ghost... I've no idea. There was something covering her face. And I ran. I was lost for hours, but somehow I found my way out into the woods. I was found by peasants. Hunters. I asked them to help me, but they said that I needed to help them. They grabbed me, held me for... a few days, I think, while they watched the moon and spoke of the Darkness. You mean the night? No, I mean the Darkness. A being. Some... creature. I stayed awake for as long as I could, but at some point, I closed my eyes, and... when I woke up, I was on the cold ground, bound. There was no light. And it fed on me night after night. I'm not sure how much time passed. You were gone for months. I barely ate. I drank a... a bitter liquid just to survive. Usually it put me back into a state of sleep. Of nightmares. And yet it kept you alive. Then, one day, my bonds were looser than before. Because you were nearly starved. I was free. I could barely stand at first, but I made it out. To a stream, where I drank, and I found the strength to run for my life. ROWAN: Are you sure you need to go so soon? The moon will be full tomorrow night. Good hunting. That same moon will make it easier for those hunting me. You mean your brother, the prince? You may have guessed the truth of my past, but I don't like to talk about it. Or Mary. A b*st*rd and a beautiful queen, born to rule Scotland and someday France. Who would have thought it wouldn't work out between you? I'd be sad for you if I didn't think you're better off away from the vipers at court. Did you love her that much? You are leaving France, aren't you? As fast as my legs will take me. I'd be a poor houseguest if I didn't thank you for... Oh, my God. Is that blood? Did the Blood Cult do this? Rowan, tell me the truth. It means my family has been chosen. One of us will be sacrificed to the Darkness. These beliefs, these misguided terrors, they've threatened others I've known and cared about. I won't let anyone hurt you or your family. Whatever it is, we have to fight. We? I thought you were leaving. That can wait. (church bell rings) (birds chirping) (whimpering) (grunting) (whimpering) ♪ A love like this ♪ 
♪ Won't last forever ♪ 
♪ I know that a love like this ♪ 
♪ Won't last forever, but I...  ♪ I must speak with you. Always a highlight of my day. The king... he's done something to a girl. Go on. The king's... sexual appetite appears to be growing. ♪ Oh, oh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh. ♪ (flames crackling) KENNA: I was drinking... too much wine. I thought it would help me get through it, and when I awoke... Oh, you saw your playmate here in worse shape than you. What makes you sure the king did this? He has asked me to choke him before. He has... an interest in it. But I couldn't... Did you tell anyone about this girl? No. There wasn't a moment to, and I wouldn't. If you were seen with her by the servants or anyone, you say that you saw her leave the king's chambers. Up and walking on her own. She mentioned getting paid well, sharing her new wealth with a... a relative far away. Do you understand? We're not going to tell anyone? The king already knows. Who else would we tell? The castle looks beautiful. As long as I don't look at the food. Look at Count Nardeen. Pomegranate tart, Your Grace? Oh, thank you. If I may? My sister ate ten of these a day, and she was with child in less than a month. Oh. Ten a day? Are you sure the change in your sister's figure didn't have more to do with butter and sugar than with her husband? Thank you. Not at all. She only meant to help. There are two nations that are very excited for us to have a family. Two nations? Is that all? Is that Lola with Philipe Nardeen? It is. I invited him to court. He looks very happy to be here, very interested. I thought he might make a good suitor for her. Not the man I would have picked for her. Let's dance, shall we? Food's delicious. Would you like something? No. Please. You don't care for our French cuisine? Or perhaps you don't care for France? Well, everything looks beautiful when viewed through a castle window, doesn't it? But you see beyond that. I think about the people who live outside the castle walls sometimes. Do you imagine they're more free to live life as they please? I don't know. I think they're still bound by society's rules. By the church's. I like you. You're very direct. It's just that I have very little time to waste. It's become apparent that the security of my position demands a wife and heir. How romantic. Hardly... but I can be. Under the right circumstances. If time weren't an issue and choice of one's mate could be driven solely by one's heart. But my father has threatened my inheritance unless I marry this year. He says it's well past time. (chuckles) I know he's right. Well, at least you agree on that. We don't agree on much else. (both laugh) You are beautiful. Mary was right on so many counts. You'll have to look in my window to see if the flame of love burns. Perhaps it would be enough for us to be amusing companions. ♪ Just a stone's throw from the old place... ♪ I have an invitation for you. This hardly seems the place. From Lord Castleroy. He's had a table set for two. He asks that you join him. ♪ Without protest ♪ 
♪ What's done is done. ♪ This picking small bites from a banquet doesn't suit a lady of your station. You must sit, relax, enjoy a meal. Enjoy being served. Did you notice anything different this evening? Uh... you look clean-shaven. Or, uh, maybe it's your hair? (laughs): Yes, well, I tried. Thank you for noticing, but... (laughs) What I meant was... 
(clears throat) no peppers! In any way, shape or form. I detected your lack of taste for the plant, and the subject, when we last met. I wanted to demonstrate that there is... (clears throat) more to the man than what occupies him in professional life. I'm impressed. Boy, more wine, if you please. It makes me so happy to see you again, and on tonight of all nights. No better op... (sighs) No better opportunity than First Light to profess one's intentions, to offer one's heart. Lord Castleroy... Aloysius, please. Lady Greer, am I pleasing you tonight? You're on fire. Well, I take that as a good sign. No, no, no. You're on fire! Oh, oh. Oh. Oh. (groaning) (yelling) (groaning) Are you all right? Yes. Yeah, quite, thank you. Uh, thanks to our friend here. And you, Leith? Are you burned? Uh, no, I'm... I'm fine. You're more than fine. No, that took courage, that took selflessness. I... I can't thank you enough. But you... you, you know, you have truly, my lord. Uh, I'd have done it for anyone. England, Scotland, Calais, Dover... Henry? Not now. I'm busy. Kenna just spoke with me. About a guest that you have in your room. Ah. I much prefer Kenna's mouth to be used for other purposes. When is that English bitch going to die, hmm? She's sick, she feels better, she's sick, she feels better. Sorry. Who... ? You mean Mary Tudor? I don't know. Henry, there is a dead girl in your chambers. What has this to do with me, hmm? Another woman fell from your window, and you said it was an accident. And now this one... she... she was choked to death. Henry, did you murder them? Did you murder them both? I'm concerned with the fate of nations, and you interrupt me with news of guests, messes in my chambers. These are housekeeping matters, which, I believe, is your domain... wife. Your servants say you're not sleeping. They say your water has run black. I'd like you to see Nostradamus. (laughs) Your wizard prophet. He has medicine. I don't trust him. Though I have been getting some headaches. I'll have a doctor brought in from the village. Hmm? Henry, if you're ill... Kings, rulers, monarchs, do not get ill, because the stability of the realm depends on them. If the people thought their king couldn't lead, the country would descend into madness. Yes, I am aware of that. Good. Then my headache will be our little secret, won't it? (thudding) (Henry sighs) You're awake. Are you hungry? Your skill with medicine, healing... it's like some kind of magic. No, not magic. Science, perhaps. If I'm doing it right. I like watching you putter. The care you take... measuring, mixing. (sighs) These are for me, aren't they? So I can dress up as if everything's normal, and go and present myself upstairs? You need to rejoin the living. Why? Why can't I stay here in secret? Hiding won't help you. You don't understand what's inside me. Something happened to you, something horrible, and you feel weakened and afraid, but you will not be judged for it. I judge my actions, and they were wrong. I came here to betray people. I abandoned them when they needed me most. I was ready for it when it chose me. It was no coincidence. You said men took you. Yes, but it wanted me. It let me live because it knew that I was dirty already. And then it filled me... with evil. It's all through me. It's in my blood, and I will never be the same. (knocking) (door opening) I see you've accepted Count Nardeen's offer of courtship. He seems a fine prospect for marriage. Are you sure that's a wise choice? Why do you ask? Because you're my friend, and I care about you. Lola, you can't spend the kind of night we spent together and not feel something for someone. For you. I want you to be happy. To spend your energies on someone that you could have a future with. You want to be married, don't you, with a family and a home? Yes, very much. Then you might be wasting your time on Philipe Nardeen. Words spoken at First Light amongst wine and merriment are not always to be taken seriously. But he seemed very serious. His marriage is, in fact, a condition of his inheritance. Is that any reason for you to marry him? Is it any reason not to? Do you have some issue with him? No. Some... previous history? No. It's not as if we're engaged. I plan on getting to know him. You're sure. Yes. I'm in no rush. But... don't you think it's better, given our history, that the matter of me searching for... a mate, for love, is settled? Sooner rather than later? Yes. Yes, I suppose it is. But promise me that you're not doing this because of what happened between us in Paris. I promise you. I'm doing it for me. (hammering) (exhales) The concept is simple. You make every entry impassable except for one, and that one is so narrow and well-defended that anyone trying to enter is easily... battled. In this case, it's your front door. We know what a murder hole is, but it won't work. I haven't shown you how I'm going to greet them inside the house yet. Doesn't matter. It can't be stopped. I'm telling you, we're not dealing with a monster. We're dealing with a small group of ignorant pagans. If you don't want to fight it, why don't you leave? And go where? To a village, where we'll be burned for our pagan beliefs? We live here. We couldn't leave now if we wanted to. Besides, it's too late now... we're chosen. Because what would we be doing? Leaving the Darkness to choose from another home? We live among other families here, even if you don't see them. And this Darkness, have you seen it? Has anyone? Whoever dares look on it is taken. And those who are taken die. How convenient. So no one can say what it looks like or if it's even really there. Rowan, Carrick, I need you inside. If we move heavy furniture in front of the door, they'll have to come in single file. That'll make them, or it, easier targets. Can either of you throw a blade? 
 
 What a different world you must live in. So many romantic and glorious battles. Castle folk like to believe all their money and armies can conquer any foe. Otherwise, why fight so hard over nonsense like titles and marriages? People like us have to fight life's true enemies: starvation, cold... and the things that come hunting for men in the night. You can't fight things that aren't... aren't real. You won't be fighting this night at all. We can't risk it. The tea. I'm sorry. I know. I come here too often and it's a risk, but something extraordinary has happened. What is it? Lord Peppercorn... Castleroy... Lord Castleroy has offered me an apprenticeship at one of his spice houses in Spain. As a reward for saving his life. Leith, Leith, sit down and take a breath. This is unbelievable. It's your chance to rise. You'd be a member of the merchant class. Oh, my family, they've been nothing but servants for generations. I'm the first to make it to the royal court. You'd serve no one but yourself. I don't know what to do. Of course you do. You're going to take it. The position is in Spain. I might never see you again. We can't go on this way. I need to marry a man with title. But you haven't. This will end. I know. But I always thought you'd be the one to end it. You'd be sparing me that. And I could watch you go with more... hope than sadness. Say yes. I love you. FRANCIS: Yes, that should be fine. I wanted to ask you about Lola. I think we need to help her. But I am helping her. By suggesting Philipe Nardeen as a suitor? She could do a lot worse. In many respects... except one. The count prefers the company of men. Don't you all? In bed. Oh... How do you know? One hears things. It makes no difference to me. Most people might never notice, but... a wife will. There's no solution at all. Solution to what? Lola just very much wants to get married. Like all women do. Yes, so she said. You and Lola have spoken? Are you confiding in one another now? I'm sorry. I don't know why I said that. I think perhaps I do. I'm going to tell you something, and I want you to promise that you won't blame Lola for it. We encountered one another in Paris. And we slept together. It was one night. I didn't think it mattered. You were engaged to my brother. But she is your friend and she was wracked with guilt, guilt that I now feel, because, as events would have it, you are, thankfully, mercifully and blessedly, my wife. Mary, I am so sorry. It's all right. Circumstances were... different. I understand. Just like that. You understand? You don't even seem surprised. Did Lola tell you? I saw you two arrive together at the castle. We had been apart... But we are together now. Utterly. Completely. I am yours. There is nothing between Lola and I. Nothing. I just lied to my husband. For you. He confessed to your night in Paris. Oh, no. And I had to pretend... not very convincingly, I add... that I was shocked. And I'm going to have to go on pretending, until you move on or until we forget about you. You don't mean that. Isn't that both what we want, though? For you to get married and move far away? Lola, wouldn't it be best if we just told Francis the truth? No. For me, it would not. Then you could stay in my life, we could find our friendship again. And what are we now? Enemies? I am a liar! To my husband. And if the truth comes out and he loses faith in me for it, I will resent you. It won't come out. Ever. I will take this secret to my grave. You have to marry Philipe Nardeen. It's the only solution. You both have secrets to hide. What secrets does he have? Francis told me that the count prefers men... in his bed. He prefers men? Ah. So that's what he meant by "amusing companions." It's all for his inheritance. He'd never be a true husband. Well, does that matter, as long as it solves your problems? Keeps you from being shamed? I'd be living a lie forever with no chance of happiness. Well, maybe you've had your chance. What does that mean? It means that you made a mistake, and now you have to fix it before it destroys my marriage. If Philipe Nardeen asks you to marry him, you will accept. Or I will tell Francis the truth myself. Francis. They're beautiful. What was I thinking not giving my new bride a First Light candle? Well, we've been married for some months now. There have been too many regrets in too short a time. I know that you regret what happened. Lola does, too. ♪ Running through the heat ♪ 
♪ Heartbeat ♪ 
♪ You shine like silver in the sunlight ♪ 
♪ You light up my cold heart ♪ 
♪ It feels right in the sun ♪ 
♪ We're running round ♪ 
♪ Like love is what we found... ♪ Um, I'm not sure if there's any point to that tonight. What do you mean? One thing I've learned from your mother's many lectures and insights on pregnancy is that there are some days when it's more likely and days when it is less likely. (chuckles) You've been, uh... vigorous in trying to achieve what we both want, but... I don't think it's going to happen tonight. Vigorous. Oh, I like that. (chuckles) I thought you did, too. I don't make love to you because I want a baby. I want a baby because I love you. ♪ I know that a love like this ♪ 
♪ Won't last forever ♪ 
♪ A love like this. ♪ (clears throat) Lady Greer. What a... what a pleasant surprise. I hope I'm not disturbing you. No, no. Quite the contrary. I was... I was actually thinking about you. The reality of your company's even better. I wanted to thank you for offering Leith that apprenticeship. It was the least I could do. Especially when you asked me so kindly. He can't know it was my idea. No, of course. I know I'm easy to make fun of. People do. I grow very excited about things that matter to me. Like peppers. And kindness. Beauty, warmth. I believe you have some warmth in your heart for the servant Leith. Oh, I see that even calling him a servant pains you, but a... a servant he is. I'm well aware of that. I know you are, but... in my own way, I... I can be quite perceptive, as I suggested earlier. Please, don't. My dear girl, I see nothing wrong with a harmless flirtation. And I admire your kindness in giving someone you know who is suffering, even a kitchen boy, a soft landing. Because you know a woman of your status needs a man who can provide for her in the manner that you deserve. It sounds so cold. But it needn't be. It needn't be. You've been generous to me, and to Leith, as well, but I've accepted all the kindness I can from you. Thank you, Lord Castleroy. (goat bleating) (goat bleating, wind whistling) (grunts) (goat bleating) (high-pitched tone) It's coming. (door creaks open, wind whistling) (goat bleating) (heavy sigh, goat bleating) (heavy footsteps) What are you? (goat bleating) (cries) Close your eyes. Close your eyes. (grunts softly) (loud breathing) (pained groaning) Rowan, don't look. No. (screaming) (screaming continues) (panting) (screaming) You are brand-new. None of what you were need remain, except what you choose. Evil is not a thing. It is not a condition. It is a choice. You are only what you choose. That alone is what makes you. Do you know what you choose? Then hold onto that choice, because it's your salvation. Do you believe it now? Are you new? Yes. With you. We've been looking all night. We won't find her. We won't find her alive, anyway. This is my fault. I cried out, she turned to look at me, she saw the face of... I was so sure it was a man. Now I don't know what it is. It's the Darkness. Whatever it is, I won't rest until it's dead. You can't fight it. Maybe not alone, but I know where I can go for help. I was reminded of what being married could be like, and I realized I owe you an apology. I was unfeeling to you earlier because I was afraid. Of what? Of what might happen if Francis finds out. He won't. What if he does and you bare his child, his only child? Mary, you will get pregnant. Hasn't been that long. We were together before we were wed. It's been months, in truth. And you were with Francis only one night. Unless you're lying to me about that. I'm not. Lola, tell me the truth. Has this been going on for some time? No, I swear, it was one night. And yet, he got you pregnant. You are going to have his child. You say that Francis will never know, but what if he does know? Then you two might become closer? I suppose we would, but that's not what I want. I'm sure it's not what Diane de Poitiers wanted, either, but she's been in King Henry's life for decades. A great deal of their bond is their son, Sebastian. I am not Diane, and you are not Catherine. And Francis is in no way his father. More importantly, I don't want your husband. I wouldn't risk any of this... your anger or Francis's... if I didn't want a love of my own. Mary, please believe that I am your friend. That I want you to be happy and that you will be with children of your own with Francis. I want to believe that. Then do. I want you to have every chance, as well. Don't marry Philipe Nardeen. Wait... until at least the possibility of love comes along. Are you sure? Because... waiting... it... it's a risk. I'm sure. And I will continue to help you find a suitor. But in the end, it is you who must save yourself. You mustn't let anyone stand in your way. (bell tolling, horse neighs, hoofbeats) Are you all right? I just needed a moment alone with my thoughts. Me, too. Can we be alone together? You look as if you're waiting for something. I am. My destiny is approaching sooner than I'd like. Mine, too. (horse neighs) In fact, here it comes now. (horse neighs) That's your destiny? And you knew it was coming? Right on time. Two days ago, I received a letter from my parents. They've arranged a match. I'm all but engaged. My future husband arrives in that carriage. (horse neighs) And when do you meet your destiny? Soon, I hope. (hoofbeats) HENRY: Kenna? Henry. King Henry... or Your Majesty. Have you had your breakfast? Yes, Your Majesty. Good. We'll both need our energy, because... I see a lust in your eyes that will not be easily extinguished. CATHERINE: Henry! (sighs) Go. You're up early. Keeping an eye on you requires vigilance both day and night. Is that your role now? Guardian of the king? How are you feeling today? Quite well. I saw the physician. He gave me some tonics for my headaches, and now I feel better, having further isolated the cause of my discontent. And what... is that? I am king, and yet, for months, I have been subject. To fate, to lesser people, to women, of all things. Waiting on the queen of England's death. Lied to... by you, by my mistress. Put in a corner as Mary, Queen of Scots, dangled herself in front of my sons and dangled England in front of me. But... no more. I dozed, as you suggested, and do you know what I awoke to? No. Christ hanging on the cross. A crucifix above my bed, the sun glinting off my crown. It was... dazzling. Invigorating. A glorious reminder that I am chosen by God to rule this nation. To bend anyone I like to my will. To bend them, to break them. To throw them from windows and crush their throats? It was a lesson I think each woman understood in her last moment about who is king... and who is not. Others will learn, as well... soon enough. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 