Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x16 - Monsters - Reign 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x16 - Monsters https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=152&t=10197 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/28/14 11:09 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x16 - Monsters 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 (fast tempo acoustic intro playing) 
 ♪ They all need something to hold on to ♪ 
♪ They all mean well ♪ 
♪ You could never feel my story ♪ 
♪ It's all you know... oh! ♪ 
 Reign - S01E16 
Monsters 
 Previously on  Reign: Is that my husband's child? 
 Yes. 
 I just lied to Francis for you! 
 You made a mistake and now you have to fix it before it destroys my marriage. 
 My family is depending on me to bring home a title and lands. 
 You're a servant. 
 Lord Castleroy has offered me an apprenticeship at one of his spice houses in Spain. 
 BASH: The night Francis' men were escorting me out of the country, they tried to kill me. 
 On his orders, I believe. 
 Francis wouldn't. You know that. 
 It's the Darkness. I won't rest until it's dead. 
 You can't fight it. 
 NOSTRADAMUS: What happened to the poor girl? 
 There's a dark malignant power in the woods. 
 That creature that requires blood. 
 The Darkness. It will take us all. 
 (girl gasping) 
 (yells in terror) 
 (chain rattles) 
 (man growls) 
 (screams) 
 (gasps) 
 (panting) 
 (shudders) 
 The nightmares again? 
 (door closes) 
 (panting): What I endured while I was captive in that cave will always be a part of me. 
 (breathing heavily): The Darkness... 
 Can't reach you anymore. 
 (continues breathing heavily) 
 When the body endures a trauma, it's hard for the mind to let go. 
 Don't let your mind sabotage you. 
 You're ready to rejoin society. 
 (gasps) 
 I'm sorry. 
 I only meant... 
 No. It's not you. 
 It hurts. 
 My back. 
 May I? 
 (panting) 
 What is it? 
 I thought all your wounds were healing, but this one's become infected. 
 I need to drain it. 
 (skin ripping) 
 (moans, breathing heavily) 
 There, the wound should begin to... 
 Wait... 
 There's something inside. 
 (metal clinks) 
 Brace yourself, Olivia. 
 (panting) 
 (short heavy breathing) 
 MARQUIS: But when the Baron insults me, he also insults you, King Henry. 
 I must ask that you send your forces to Guyenne my Your Majesty? (inhales deeply) Marquis Duveaux. When you last presented me with your grievance, what did I say? But, Your Majesty, the Baron disrespects... Clearly you did not listen, because I ordered you to return home and to bend the Baron to your authority, by your own power. This has been the source of my fury. People who refuse to listen to their king. Or... are your ears full of wax, hmm? Hold him down. What are you doing? Just so. (Marquis grunts) Please, Your Majesty. 
(panting) I beg you. (Marquis screaming) Henry?! Henry! What are you doing?! Teaching the Marquis a lesson. CATHERINE: - Not like this, he's a nobleman. HENRY: - Release him. I understand you canceled the Queen of the Bean Celebration. Now we're talking about a party. I know what you're trying to do. You're trying to hide me from my own court. Perhaps you're trying to poison me as well, hmm? (sighs) 
I'm not trying to poison you, Henry. I'm concerned. What's wrong with you isn't any poison I've delivered, I swear to you. But you  are  ill. You could do harm to yourself, to France. I have headaches. They come and go, but... my mind is sharper than it's ever been before. And the Queen of the Bean is nearly my favorite event of the year. It will proceed, as usual. (indistinct conversation, laughter) So any servant can become queen for the day? I don't remember this tradition. It's 'cause we were children. I think my mother hid it from us for a while. Ah. My father welcomes the temporary queen in his own way. In his bed. (chuckles) If the girl who finds the bean in her slice of cake happens to be pretty. (laughs) She wears my mother's crown, the finest clothes, and spends the day ordering servants around. By dawn, she has a hundred ducats, a pile of gifts, but she is a servant girl once more. A true fairy tale ending. It's a tradition I always prefer to avoid. Especially when Diane de Poitiers was here. To watch my father juggling a mistress, my mother... and the Bean Queen. (laughing) Bash and I always fled for a hunt. It's all right to miss him. Even though he angered you. (children laughing) Well, at least the bean gives them something new to gossip about. It's the first time in weeks that no one's pestered me about giving you heirs. Perhaps I should pester you. KENNA: Mary, Greer's ready to present him to you now. Who? Lord Julien. Greer's fiancé. (indistinct conversation) Such a gorgeous cake and they're not even eating it. We should send the losers a consolation gift. Don't you think? He arrived two days ago. Isn't he adorable? LOLA: They've had some talks and Greer says he's quite nice. And quite rich. Why can't the king find me a husband like that? We've been here a year, all but rotting on the vine. Lord Julien, may I introduce you to Her Majesty, Mary, Queen of Scots. And her ladies, Lola and Kenna. Your Majesty, it is an honor. Lord Julien, it's such a pleasure to finally meet you. I hear that your family's from Hungary. Yes. My parents know Greer's father through a distant cousin. We corresponded and the rest is history. I hope you'll find it in your heart to bless our engagement. If this is what your father wishes... and you of course. It is. Very much. Well then, (claps) you're engaged. (Julien laughs) Enjoy your lives together. (laughter) I'm so happy for you, Greer. He's certainly a step up from Castleroy. Yeah. Lord Castleroy, can I get you anything? No. No need. You're busy. (laughs) Just think, tomorrow you'll be my apprentice in the spice trade. You'll leave all this behind. Will you miss it? (clears throat) I'm very grateful, sir. Lola, I have some bad news. The suitor from Alsace has been delayed for five weeks. I'm going to start to show any day now. Lola, I promised you I'd find you a husband and I will. Just give me another week, maybe two. I see your plan to keep the king out of sight has failed. Who else knows of his madness? Only Kenna. And  a nobleman from Guyenne. I've given both motivation to keep quiet. But there's no telling what Henry will do next. (sighs) Have you found any explanation for this? I've checked his food and wine for three days straight. There's no trace of any poison. At least none that I recognize. Then he is mad. And a mad king incites chaos and rebellion. If our enemies find out, we could... Your Majesty... What's this? A sedative that induces a coma. A deep sleep that I can interrupt with an antidote of my own design. It'll be difficult. He has seven tasters, inspecting every manner of delivery. We have to find a way to get it past them. A Trojan horse. (woman screams) WOMAN: Yes! Yes! I've won! The bean! I found the bean! (sniffles) (applause) What is your name? Uh... Penelope. From the kitchen. Well, you're very pretty. (panting) Penelope... I crown you... Queen of the Bean. (applause) (applause, cheering) Ask and ye shall receive. I need to speak with the king. It's the b*st*rd! I surrender to the king's mercy. Bash. Father, I need to speak with you. You return from exile seeking favor? After you killed your brother's guards? It was self-defense. Take him to the dungeon. There's a threat in the woods, that's why I've returned. Father. Father, you must listen to me. I mean you no harm, but there are people who are being harmed. Murdered! I can't believe he came back. What was he thinking? Father, you must! We have given him every chance to be free and yet here he is. I'm done helping him. Francis, he's your brother. He's a liar and a murderer. We both know why he came back. Don't give him another chance to get close to you. (chain rattles) We don't have much time, so listen carefully. I've bribed your jailer. A merchant's wagon will take you to the Spanish border. If you value your life, you will do as I say and you will never return. I'm not ready to go to Spain. Bash, what is wrong with you? You never should have returned here. You have to leave. There are too many in the castle who want you dead. You mean Francis? He did not try to have you killed. Although he could. You stir up a jealousy and a bitterness in him that scares me. He gets this look in his eyes. It's like I don't know him. It's almost as if he knows. That you'd have been happy without him. If you had married me instead. There is nothing between you and I except for my concern for you. Then we've arrived at the same spot. I'm here on behalf of another, a girl I met in the woods. Well, bully for you and your speedy recovery. Don't. Not until you hear what happened to her. CATHERINE:  Queen Penelope. Every year a girl is chosen. Yes. And for a brief moment, she glimpses the heavens of royalty. Ah, it's the greatest night of her life. But when the dawn comes, she must fall back to earth. Oh, it must be a brutal fall. Oh. It's all right. I mean, this is so much more than I ever... I ever even dreamed of. But it's only one day. And I... would like you to be the first Queen of the Bean in history to think long-term. So if you prove yourself trustworthy, we can be friends. And unlike Henry, I look after my friends every day of the year, not just this one. Tell me, Queen Penelope, have you maintained your virtue? Of course I have. (chuckles) Because... well, as you may know... when pretty girls win Queen of the Bean, they sometimes have a... special experience with the king. Oh? I must warn you that the king's... appetite in his bedchambers can be quite... rough. He has the appetite of a lion and the stamina of a horse, a horse that proceeds at a steady, punishing trot. It can be a... lengthy experience. Well... how lengthy? It can feel like hours. Sometimes it is. But... if we're to be friends, I can help you. (chuckles) This is an aphrodisiac. It'll help the king... gallop more quickly to the finish. Pour the contents of this into his wine. Get him to drink it. It will thrill him and satisfy him, and you will be on to more gowns and jewels and the feast. I came down here because I was worried about you, and here I find you with my wife. Again. Should I feign surprise? It's not what it looks like. He didn't come for me. Oh, even you can't believe that. I'm back for the castle's resources, its armed men and horses, to seek out and destroy a threat in the woods. And then I will leave. I promise. What threat? You've seen the sacrifices in the Blood Wood. These pagans endanger every man, woman and child in the realm. They threatened your own wife. And they do it all in service to a monster they call the Darkness. I know how it sounds... You sound as ignorant as those pagans. A monster in the woods? I saw it, in the shadows, myself. It took a girl, a girl I cared for. Her name was Rowan, and now she is certainly dead. However badly you want me gone, I promise, I want it a thousand times more, but I'm not leaving until the woods are safe. Mary, leave us please. I know you don't believe me. But there's someone you will believe. And who is that? The Darkness has claimed countless victims. Only one survived. Your old flame, Olivia D'Amencourt. And she's here in this castle right now. (knocking) Leith, what are you doing here? We've said our good-byes. I had to see you, just once more. Look, I wanted to tell you... No, don't. Why? Because you're engaged to another man who you barely know? That's not at all unusual for someone like me. Because you're highborn. And he's rich and titled and very kind to the servants. And to me. He seems... everything I ever wanted. Except he's not you. (panting) (gasps) WOMAN: Excuse me, my lady. Greer? Lord Julien, I... Who are you? I'm no one. I'm a servant. I-I fancied her and-and she was kind so I stole the kiss. Leith, no. No, this is not her fault. She asked me not to, but I was overcome. She is free of blame in this. My-my advance was unwanted! I don't want him harmed, but his household will have to know of this. (sighs) I was going to leave this in your room... It wasn't his fault. (chuckles) Is that supposed to make it better? I'm so sorry. I know these things happen. But they can't with my wife. I-I can't have this kind of gossip surrounding my family. I can't have this. I'll be ruined if you don't marry me. I wish I could. I-I wish I were a better man who could marry you despite this. But I'm not. I'm sorry. (crying) Olivia, we're so sorry. Everything that you endured, we thought... I thought that you escaped through the tunnels that night. I did. But I was found by those heretics, fed to that monster. Do you believe me now? This creature is the cause of all the horrors in those woods. If you want to protect your realm from these devils, you must kill the monster they serve. I don't believe in monsters. I never have. But I do believe in fear. And whoever this Darkness is, the pagans fear him enough to terrorize and slaughter my people. Olivia, do you think that you could retrace your steps, lead us back to the cave? No. All I remember is a meadow lined with fir trees, hugged by a curving field of snow. BASH: I know a meadow with some firs near where we found her. I'll gather my guards. You'll forgive me, but the last time I went with your men, they tried to kill me. I gave no such order, and we could confirm that if you hadn't slaughtered them. Francis. This time I'm going with you. We'll find that cave and kill whatever hides within. And then I am personally putting you on the next boat to Spain. Then we're agreed. You can't just kill it! This isn't some outlaw hiding in the trees! The Darkness is a creature from hell. It's not human. (door opens) NOSTRADAMUS: He is human, I assure you. I found this embedded in Olivia's wound. It looked like the fang of some wild beast, but the root of this tooth is like yours or mine. This fang is a human tooth, filed down into a sharp point. Human? But why would a man go to such lengths? For function, perhaps. To better feed on victims. But I assure you, this Darkness is only a man. Then go and kill him. And remember who the real enemy is. (sniffles) Do you know what happens to servants like Leith? They say he'll get the lash until his back is split open and he can no longer stand. He'll spend years in that cell. (sniffles) I love him. You can't love a servant, you simply can't. Not that what I did was much better. But it is. (sniffles) Mistresses of the king are often revered, but-but this... My family will fall into ruin for what I've done. I'll never be able to face them again. It's not that dire yet. The gossip is already spreading. These rumors will follow me everywhere. I have no future. MARY: Greer, don't say that. Never say that. Mary... (sniffles) so you've heard. I'm so ashamed. Please don't be. Look at us. Look where our hearts have led us. We've brought you shame. Well, all but Lola. In truth, there's something you should know. (sighs) HENRY:  Why is the queen of Scotland so concerned  with the fate of a kitchen boy? Leith saved many lives at the siege. In light of his bravery, I feel that his sentence should be reduced. This kitchen boy seems to have friends in high places. You're not the first to plead on his behalf. Lord Castleroy has arranged that. In lieu of prison, he's been conscripted for military service. He departs for training tomorrow. Ah, my queen. What a vision. Isn't she lovely, Mary? Yes, it takes a very special kind of woman to catch my eye and ignite my passion. Hmm? (belt clatters) I should go. No, no, no, no. Stay. Now that you've given your virtue to my son, perhaps you can show Penelope a thing or two about how to... please a ruler. Go on. Pretend she's... Francis. I'll watch. (chuckles) Oh, you aren't serious? Mm-hmm. This isn't like you. Are you feeling unwell, Your Grace? I am anointed by God. You are as well. We are royals. What could ever be... unwell with us, hmm? I know exactly what you're talking about. May I borrow Penelope for a minute? I have some royal customs and-and clothes to share with her. Penelope, if you would? (clears throat) I suppose... the queen shall stay. I'm fine, run along. 
 
 Dear Henry, when we last... talked, you spoke to me about bondage. You seem familiar with the practice. Servants talk. I hear you like it. (soft laugh) It's to be expected. A king must have power and control. It's part of his job. But... even the biggest of jobs can become so dull. Here. (quietly laughs) It's just you and me. I'll take control. I can give you the pleasure you offer others. I have always been on the giving end. How tiring for you. Poor King Henry. Get on the bed. Hmm? Get on the bed. Now. Oh, I like this. Shh. Bad king. You won't speak again unless spoken to. Do you understand? (grunts) Split up and search the area. Yes, my lord. The cave must be close by. Yes, my lord. Yes, sir. This way. Bash, you come with me. We'll go on foot from here. You didn't give me a weapon. Are you planning to have them kill me, brother? You there, go with the others. You have made so many enemies, why fixate on me? You reached for the throne and failed, nobles everywhere despise you. Maybe it's easier to make me the villain, so you have a reason to hate me and an excuse to go after my wife. Listen to you. You have Mary and the crown and all of France puckering its lips to your ass, and still you're threatened by a b*st*rd in exile. I used to look up to you. You were the one person that I could rely on. But I was wrong. You are a traitor and a usurper. Well, go ahead, do it then. Kill me. Bash. BASH: Fresh tracks. We're not alone. I don't see Henry. Did you manage to fulfill my request? The aphrodisiac. (chuckles) You needn't worry about that. He, uh, doesn't need an aphrodisiac. The king... goes a little bit mad sometimes, doesn't he? And, uh... this is his medicine? You are a clever girl, aren't you? (soft laugh) I'll see that it's done. I know how to handle him. Hmm. Do you? (short chuckle) (laughter) Oh. Guests. Um... Uh, would you mind? Come again? My throne? Of course. Enjoy it, my dear. (short chuckle) You stupid kitchen whore. Lola, the party's starting. Why aren't you ready? What's wrong? I can't fit in my dress. Mary, we're out of time. Lola, we said we would help each other, and we already have. What do you mean? Marry Lord Julien. What? He came to France looking to make a good marriage. You offer him everything he's looking for. What about Greer? It was Greer's idea. She wants to help you move forward. Julien spurned her, although she says he did it kindly. It isn't fair. Greer is punished and scorned while I'm rewarded. Lola. I don't mean to sound blunt or selfish, but I need this to work. My marriage is threatened from all sides. Bash's return has Francis poisoned by jealousy and mistrust. We can never be happy while he's here. And you, you're pregnant with my husband's child, and if Francis finds out... I understand. And I never want to be a threat to your happiness. If you can help sway Lord Julien in my direction, I will do my very best to marry him. And quickly. (horse neighs) What's spooked him? (wild, whistling shriek) What was that? BASH: I've heard that whistle before. It's the Darkness. Guards. My lord? Do you see anyone? No one for miles, my lord. Where are the rest of the guards? Searching for the cave. The footprints just stop. What do you mean? How is that possible? Wait, there's something here. What is it? (cracking) No, don't come any closer. (loud cracking) Francis! Francis! Francis! (panting) My lord, my lord! Stay back. The ice is too thin. (grunting) Where are you? Where are you? There's a current. Francis. Francis! No. No, Francis. (grunting) (grunts) Francis. Aah! (growling) Breathe, breathe. Live, live. (panting) Francis. Please. Please. You are beautiful and cruel. (laughs) Lady Greer, well done with that kitchen boy. That nasty gossip is the first interesting thing I've ever heard about you. What a horrible thing to say. Oh, you should be grateful. Now people might finally stop wagging their tongues about you. MARY: Are you all right? What happened? Henry can be such a monster. Heartless and cruel. At least he had the courage to be cruel to my face. The rest of court sniggers behind my back, as if I can't hear. I'm so sorry. But thank you for what you've done for Lola. I know it can't be easy. I had my chance, and I threw it away. I wouldn't be so sure. Lord Castleroy. I heard what you did for Leith. Getting him out of jail, into the army. I want to offer my sincerest gratitude. I didn't do it for him. I did it for you. Gossip surrounds me and still you seek my favor. Why? You have a good heart. And I'm too rich to care what people say. What I care about is you. I know... I'm not the man of your dreams, but a marriage would put all rumors to rest. It's not that simple. But it is. The world is cruel, and it will be cruel to the next sweet girl who has the misfortune of opening her heart to someone others don't even see. I see you now. And you are so kind. Then will you accept my humble proposal? Yes. Yes, I accept. Oh. Thank you. Likewise. ♪ When we woke up, the world was figured out beyond ♪ 
♪ The beauty we've dreamt about ♪ 
♪ This brilliant light is brighter than we've known... ♪ You look very pretty. ♪ Without our darkness to prove it so... ♪ I wasn't expecting to see you here tonight. I'm feeling better. Perhaps it is time to rejoin society, as you said. Come. Dance with me. I'm sorry. I can't. How are you feeling? Is the chill still with you? I feel lucky to be alive. (sighs) I would have died under that ice. You saved my life. Was that wise since you believe I tried to kill you? I did believe that, didn't I? Then why risk your life for mine? You're my brother. Have you sent word to Mary that we're back? Just now. I spoke with the guards. They found the cave, but it was empty. There was nothing in there but blood. Evidence of grave suffering, but no monster. If Olivia got away, he surely knew we'd be coming. Maybe that's why he left Rowan's hand. To draw us out onto the ice. I'll find him. I'll see him dead for Rowan and for all his victims. I promise you. You can go, assured of that. You deserve your own life far away from here. Maybe finally I can find something that's... my own. You will. You'll still be my brother. Francis? Why did you release Sebastian from the dungeon? I just needed his help. Well, now that he's here, we need to finish this once and for all. Finish what? Bash, when I told you to forget about Mary, I hoped you would listen to me. When I forced you to watch their consummation, my message was the same, but when I looked into your eyes that night, I saw the truth. You will always covet what your brother has. Father, did you speak to my guards the night that Bash left? Did you order his execution? Sacrifices must be made. What has happened to you, Father? Have you lost all sense? Do not question me! Mark my words, he would strike you down to take what is yours. If he is a threat to you, then he is a threat to everything I want. FRANCIS: He's your son. Scotland, England, a peaceful France. Father, stop this! Father... He's leaving! He's leaving for Spain tonight. He's said that before, and he's still here. You refuse to let Mary go. You haven't listened to your king. When people don't listen to their king, when they've wax in their ears, drastic measures are needed. Father, you're wrong. He has let her go. He saved my life today. Don't get sentimental. You must cut down any threat... like a weed. No. I've just explained to you. Your son is a friend to your realm. BASH: Francis, don't anger him. FRANCIS: He saved your heir's life, and pursued your enemies. If you harm this man... your son, you harm yourself. Do you hear me? (gasps) I am pleased to see you two getting along again. (panting) I know just the thing to preserve this lovely harmony. If it doesn't work, this sword will take two lives tonight. (loon calling) (footfalls approaching) (loon calling) The last person I danced with... was my wife. I was married once. I had... little children, so young, so sweet. In the mornings when-when I wake up, sometimes I'm-I'm still there, lying in that bed... with my wife beside me, the little ones whispering, laughing. When the plague came, I alone was immune. I couldn't save them. I'm so sorry. This is why you dedicate yourself to your work? To saving others? You must know... you saved me. ♪ This is a call to arms ♪ 
♪ Will you embrace me before it's too late, baby? ♪ It's not how we imagined things, is it? Me with Lord Castleroy, and you with Lord Julien. It's been a strange day. I don't know if it will work with Lord Julien, but thank you. ♪ Take care of all the love you spend... ♪ There's Leith. Please look back. Please. ♪ To nothing ♪ 
♪ This is a call to arms ♪ 
♪ Will you save me? ♪ 
♪ Will you save me? ♪ Where is he? Is it done? Well, Penelope, I must say, I'm impressed. Ah, there she is, my lovely queen. (moaning) Now, Catherine, Penelope tells me you demanded she pour that vial into my wine. She threatened my life if I failed to give it to you. I did no such thing. Are you calling my queen a liar? (laughing): This is nonsense. She's a servant girl. You're not well. She's taking advantage. I have never felt better in my life. I'm in love, Catherine. I'm in love with Queen Penelope. Hmm. She's not a queen! She didn't even win that ridiculous contest. In the kitchen, they say that she slept with the pastry chef to get the bean. Penelope, my crown. Now. (laughs) Give it to me. Listen. Carefully. If you utter one more insult to my queen, if you try to harm her in any way, I will have you drawn and quartered and your limbs fed to lions. And those you love shall suffer worse fates. (gasping) (laughing) PENELOPE (echoing): It was poison, wasn't it? What? What are you talking about? (echoing): I wanted to teach you a lesson. So I had the contents of that vial emptied into your wine. You don't look well, darling. Henry. (sighs) I wanted to thank you, Catherine, for teaching me to think long-term. (mutters) (gasping) (panting) Oh, Mary. What's happened? Are you all right? Mary, find Nostradamus. Henry's drugged me. (gasps) Catherine? Catherine! Guards! (sighs) How is she? Nostradamus is treating her now. She fell into some sort of drugged sleep, but she's coming out of it. I'm going to talk to my father. Francis, wait. Your father... he's not well. I am aware of that. He got so angry at Bash that I thought he'd take his head off. He might kill him yet. What happened? Did Father forgive you? BASH: Not exactly. But he illuminated me on his solution. It's a bit of a horror show, actually. And you're both invited. Now. On pain of death. MAN: And so, under the eyes of the Lord, we prepare to consecrate this blessed union with two sacred oaths. You want me to say an oath? What about your oath? You promised me someone with a title! Fine. Bash, I hereby declare you the Master of Horse and Hunt. What does that even mean?! Shut up and say the words. KENNA: Please. This is marriage. It can't be undone... Say the words! I, Sebastian, take this woman to be my lawful wife... (Kenna cries) under the eyes of God, from this day forward. Take a dozen men each morning and canvass the woods. Any pagan found with knowledge of the Darkness will be brought to me for questioning. I don't take orders from bastards. Haven't you heard? I've been titled Master of Horse and Hunt. So, gather your horses and go out and hunt. (sighs) Are you all right? Well, I'm married to someone I don't much like. And I have to stay here and watch you love someone else for the rest of my life. Bash, you told me that your feelings for me were gone. I lied. You were right. I should never have come back. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 