Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x08 - No Crazies on the Street - Public Morals 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x08 - No Crazies on the Street https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=407&t=23028 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/14/15 10:38 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x08 - No Crazies on the Street 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 It's Muldoon. I'm across the street. 
 Mr. Patton. 
 Terrance. 
 Uh, there's a... Little something extra in there this time. 
 Thank you. 
 You got a minute? I'd like a word. 
 Uh, sure. Sit down. Sit down. Fire away. 
 I want to talk about Rusty. 
 I understand you and him are not seeing eye to eye these days? 
 You always see eye with  your  father? 
 [Chuckles] 
 You've obviously been speaking to the old man. 
 He told me you paid him a little visit up to the house, had a couple of beers. 
 We had a nice visit. 
 We reminisced about the good, old days. 
 Ah, the old days. 
 The good, old days, like a couple of weeks ago before this little war broke out, huh? 
 I don't know anything about a war. 
 Please. Don't treat me like I'm an idiot. 
 Now, why don't you tell me why your man Davis thought it was better to try and shoot his way out of his apartment rather than come and talk to me. 
 I can tell you it was stupid. 
 Davis is a man who's been wrestling with his demons for years. 
 You're gonna have to do better than that, big guy. 
 When the skels are shooting at one another, it is easy to look the other way. 
 But when they start shooting at us, we become a little less tolerant. 
 What can I say? 
 I've got lots of people working for me, and none of are choir boys. 
 I'd be very careful about assigning too much weight to this... 
 This rumor about a war. 
 There's no grand conspiracy going on here. 
 Except for the fact that the last time I saw Mr. O, he told me he was looking to make a move on you. 
 But it's exactly my point. 
 Mr. O... Mr. O is a hopeless drunk. 
 For his own sake, you should've talked him out of it. 
 Trust me, I tried. 
 However, since then, him and two of his most trusted shit-heel friends have wound up dead. 
 And two of Rusty's guys have also been laid to rest. 
 So it does not take a genius to figure out what's going on here. 
 Well, if it doesn't take a genius, why in the world are you talking to me? 
 Cabee we're talking about Hell's Kitchen, and as you well know, nobody talks to the cops. 
 It's a very good neighborhood in that respect. 
 [Chuckles] 
 I'll be sure to mention that to my wife the next time she's harping on moving out to the suburbs. 
 Look, Mr. Patton, you and I both know who's responsible for all this, and he needs to be stopped. 
 Because the longer this goes on, the worse it is for everybody. 
 We had to kill one of your guys last week. 
 I do not want to be put in that position again. 
 All right, Terrance, I hear you. 
 Now, you know that strong-arm is not my style... 
 Unless it needs to be. 
 Just hang on a little longer with me, hmm? 
 We're almost at the end. 
 We better be, because this is  your  Hell's Kitchen, and it needs to get resolved soon, or otherwise, you're gonna be the one who's left holding the bag for all of this. 
 And I would hate to have to be the guy that locks you up. 
 But if it comes to that, have no doubts I will. 
 [Engine shuts off] 
 Is this really in our price range? 
 $33,000. Down payment of $4,000. 
 I don't know, Ina. That's a little more... 
 Oh, I... I don't want to hear about it. 
 Didn't Michael explain to you that he and I are happy to lend you the money? 
 Yeah, but it's still too much. 
 Come on. Let's go take a look. Come on. 
 Okay. 
 Oh, there you are! 
 Welcome to beautiful Bayside. 
 Oh, Ina. 
 Oh, I want you to meet Christine, my daughter-in-law. 
 Chris, Eileen, and if you could believe it [chuckles] She raised eight kids in this house. 
 [Chuckles] 
 The last of which finally moved out. 
 Thank God. [Chuckles] 
 So when you think you're having a rough day, just imagine eight little ones running around. 
 Oh, don't listen to her. 
 It was easy. 
 All... all I did every day was open the front door and say, "don't come home unless you need a ride to the hospital." 
 Well, it's a beautiful home. 
 It needs work, but it served us well. 
 Come on in. I'll show you around. 
 [Barrett Strong's "Money (That's What I Want)" Plays] 
 ♪ The best things in life are free ♪ 
♪ but you can give them to the birds and bees ♪ 
♪ I need money ♪ 
♪ that's what I want ♪ 
♪ that's what I want ♪ 
♪ that's what I want ♪ 
♪ that's what I want ♪ 
♪ that's what I WA-a-a-a-NT ♪ 
♪ that's what I want ♪ 
♪ that's what I want ♪ 
♪ your love give me such a thrill ♪ 
♪ but your love don't pay my bills ♪ 
♪ I need money ♪ 
♪ that's what I want ♪ 
♪ that's what I want ♪ 
♪ that's what I want ♪ 
♪ that's what I want ♪ 
♪ that's what I WA-a-a-a-NT ♪ 
♪ that's what I want ♪ 
♪ that's what I want ♪ 
♪ money don't get everything, it's true ♪ 
♪ but what it don't get, I can't use ♪ 
 Michael. 
 ♪ That's what I want ♪ 
♪ I need money ♪ 
 Thanks again, as always. 
 ♪ that's what I want ♪ 
 Have a good night. 
 ♪ that's what I want ♪ 
♪ that's what I want ♪ 
♪ that's what I WA-a-a-a-NT ♪ 
♪ that's what I want ♪ 
♪ that's what I want ♪ 
♪ money ♪ 
♪ that's what I want ♪ 
♪ lots of money ♪ 
♪ that's what I want ♪ 
♪ a whole lot of money ♪ 
♪ that's what I want ♪ 
♪ that's what I want ♪ 
♪ uh-huh ♪ 
♪ that's what I want ♪ 
♪ that's what I WA-a-a-a-NT ♪ 
♪ that's what I want ♪ 
 [Indistinct conversation] 
 Sean : It's got to be a decent number, right? 
 McKenna : Yeah, it'll be good. It's always fine. 
 You know, don't worry about it. 
 I'm not worried about it. 
 Terry : Hey, Claire, what do you say? Grab a beer? 
 Claire : You got it, Terry. 
 Hey, Terry. Hey, uh, Claire, can we get a round, as well, please? 
 Hey, Terry, come on. Sit down. 
 O'Bannon's telling us about how he got his heart broke. 
 Up yours, Petey, I'm just saying, it's the first time in my life a chick called it quits with me instead of the other way around. 
 Oh, "first time." First time ever, huh? 
 You know which broad he's talking about, right? - I got an idea. 
 He's talking about that handjob Duffy's sister. 
 That's who he's in love with. 
 Oh, that's nice. Real nice. Thank you. 
 Deirdre Duffy, really? 
 Deirdre Duffy. 
 You're making a lot of questionable choices these days, Sean. 
 She was all over me, Terry. 
 Highly questionable. - He was trying to get serious with this chick, and she sent him packing. 
 That's enough about my love life. 
 Thank you very much. And, Bull, how's your arm? 
 You know, when's the doc say you're gonna be back at work? 
 I'm good. He says I'll be back in about a week. 
 Here you go, boys. 
 Wing's all right, then, huh? 
 I can still lift a beer, right? 
 Let me take you out on the town, huh? 
 Since when do peasants storm the castle. 
 [Laughs] Revolution. 
 All right, all right, all right. 
 Dummy up for a second, will ya? 
 Here we go, gents. 
 In spite of everything going on on the West Side, we still had a very, very good month. 
 [Clears throat] Enjoy. 
 Yeah, that Tedesco kid's card game was a real nice score. 
 What about, uh, Latucci and the Moose? 
 It didn't work out with Tucch? 
 Well, let's just say that that is, uh, yet to be determined. 
 Yeah? 
 [Mid-tempo music plays] 
 Hey, Cole. 
 Good to see ya. [Grunts] 
 You piece of sh1t. 
 You thought you could drop a dime on me, huh? 
 [Groans] 
 [Gasping] 
 This is for Teresa, you son of a bitch. 
 [Caterina Valente's "Donde Estás Corazón" plays] 
 Gino, get your ass out of here. 
 [Telephone rings] 
 Latucci. 
 Vince, it's me. 
 Hey, what can I do for ya? 
 Did you give any more thought to what I said? 
 Yeah, I thought about it. 
 I got too many eyes on me right now, including my wife's. 
 This offer won't last forever, Vince. 
 You know how many guys want to take me out? 
 Yeah, I know, Bernadette. Do me a favor. 
 Don't go trying to make me jealous. 
 You understand me? 
 If I could, I would. 
 What the hell is going on? 
 All of a sudden, you're not interested? 
 My Uncle doesn't have to know. 
 Look, I can't have this conversation right now. 
 When things settle down, I'll reach out to ya. 
 [Receiver hangs up] 
 [Clears throat] Who was that? 
 None of your business. 
 Oh, you think I'm a stunad? 
 You're messing around with that cop, aren't you? 
 I'm not doing anything. 
 Let me ask you something. 
 When my father finds about that, what do you think he's gonna do to Vince, huh? 
 You listen to me, you little sh1t. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 I don't know what you think you heard or what you think you know, but you say anything to your father, I'll make your life a living hell. 
 You're not gonna do sh1t. 
 Not if my father puts me with Joe Fish. 
 I'm not asking you, okay? I'm talking to Sean here. 
 I want Sean to explain to me exactly how it went down with Davis. 
 I don't need to hear it from you. 
 And I already explained to you what happened. - Right, and what's that? 
 We busted through the room, and Sean didn't hesitate. 
 Right, and that ain't what I heard. 
 Oh, yeah? What did you hear? 
 I heard from the covering lieutenant something different happened. 
 Well, he clearly doesn't know sh1t, because he wasn't in the room... I was. 
 Really? 
 Then why don't you let him talk for himself? 
 Terry, it's okay, all right? 
 Huh? Explain it yourself. 
 Bull, the truth is, I screwed up, all right? 
 And I had a clear shot on Davis, and I hesitated. 
 I almost got us both killed. 
 You happy? 
 [Ice clinks] 
 Well, then, that clears things up. 
 It won't happen again. 
 All right, you two. 
 Why don't you get the hell out of here? 
 Bull and I have some other sh1t we need to talk about. 
 Hey, Bull, see you later. 
 See you, Terry. 
 How was that? 
 Good. Good. Thank you for doing that. 
 [Telephone ringing] I needed to make sure that the kid learned his lesson. 
 Nah, I think he's a good cop, you know? 
 I wouldn't worry about it. 
 Claire : Hey, Bull. 
 You got a phone call. 
 Got to be my mother. 
 She don't stop. 
 Claire, come here a second, will ya? 
 You speak German by any chance? 
 German? No. [Chuckles] 
 I'm from Yonkers. 
 I didn't think so. 
 Ma? 
 Potter : Hey, Charlie. Uh, is this a good time? 
 Hey, Stacy, how are ya? 
 I have a favor to ask, and it's... it's a little out of the ordinary. 
 Yeah, well, uh... 
 Everything with this relationship is out of the ordinary. 
 What do you got? 
 My mother surprised me and is in town, and she's expecting to meet my new boyfriend, who I've told her all about. 
 No, no, no, no, no. Stacy, I-I-I can't do that. 
 A-all you have to do is go to dinner and be yourself. 
 I told her I've been dating a cop, and I described a guy a lot like you. 
 You know, tall, handsome, kind. 
 Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's me. 
 Look, I told you, nobody can know about this arrangement, let alone your mother, all right? 
 I can't meet your mom. 
 I-it has nothing to do with that. 
 She thinks that I'm a schoolteacher and that you're my boyfriend, the cop. 
 Please, Charlie? I-it's just dinner. 
 [Sighs] 
 All right, where and when? 
 Uh-huh. 
 All right, all right, all right. I'll be there. 
 Okay. Thanks. 
 All right. Bye. 
 Everything all right? 
 Yeah, it's my mom. 
 You know, this, uh... 
 This wedding I-is costing me a-an arm and a leg. 
 Yeah, well, if we have another couple of months like we just had, should ease the pain, huh? 
 [Mumbles] 
 All I'm saying is, just don't be surprised when it happens, that's all. 
 You never know what you did and who you pissed off. 
 You just get the call, and you're gone. 
 Are you sure this isn't just some rumor? 
 No, this is not just a rumor. 
 Jonesy, give me another. 
 Tell me again exactly what he said. 
 Jesus Christ, Petey. How many times you want to hear this? 
 Changes are coming. 
 All right, but he didn't say who? 
 No, and this can't go beyond you and me, you understand? 
 Just trust that it's real, because you know I got a good line downtown. 
 Would he tell you if it was you? 
 Eh, he didn't say, but Johanson's had it in for me for a while, so who the hell knows. 
 I will tell you this. 
 In plain clothes, you never know how long your run is gonna be, and I've had a good, long run. 
 Salute. 
 [Sighs] 
 Salute. 
 Attaboy. 
 Jonesy, set us up again. 
 [Up-tempo blues music plays] 
 Holy sh1t. I don't believe this. 
 Score tonight? 
 If you're lucky, gorgeous, I'll be back for you later. 
 [Knock on door] 
 Who is it?! 
 [Knock on door] 
 Who is it?! 
 [Doorknob rattles] 
 Who the hell is it?! 
 [Chuckles] 
 Come on, it's Richie. Open the door. 
 [Sighs] 
 There anybody else out there? 
 Yeah, it's me, Dean Martin, Frank Sinatra, Sammy Davis. 
 We got the whole rat pack. I got a whole crew. 
 We're gonna have an after party. 
 [Sighs] 
 What are you doing? Let me in. Come on. 
 Anybody see you? 
 Yeah. Cole Sutter. 
 But he ain't gonna be talking to nobody no more. 
 Huh? 
 What the hell is with you? 
 I don't know, man. 
 I'm just on edge being back in the city, I guess. 
 Oh, you're  on edge? You've been getting laid all week. 
 Your goddamn girlfriend didn't have the decency to bring me a friend, huh? 
 Whatever, man, so what's the plan here? How we gonna do this? 
 I say we go to the big guy's house, we wait for Rusty, and if he don't show up, we pop the old man. 
 What? You want to kill Patton? 
 Are you out of your friggin' mind? 
 Danny boy, if we're gonna take over, we're gonna have to do it eventually. 
 But that's just suicide, Richie. 
 We can't do that. That sh1t would be crazy. 
 Jesus Christ. 
 When did you become such a pussy, huh? 
 A week in the country, and all of a sudden, you got no balls? 
 It's not about balls, Richie. It's about smarts. 
 I just think it makes more sense to go after Rusty first. 
 Once we take care of that, then we can worry about Patton. 
 All right. We'll do it your way. 
 [Beer bottle opens] 
 [Bottle opener clinks] 
 This is the best damn city in the world. 
 I mean, look at those apartments up there. 
 Imagine that? 
 Imagine living up there, overlooking the park. 
 That would be the life, wouldn't it? 
 One day, Kay. 
 One day, I'm gonna get one of those. 
 Hey, play your cards right, maybe you're gonna be up there with me. 
 [Chuckles] 
 You know, I was at a party once in one of those fancy apartment buildings... 
 A big terrace overlooking the river. 
 Trying to make me jealous, tell me stories about your old boyfriend? 
 He wasn't a boyfriend. 
 Oh. 
 He was the producer of the first show I ever did. 
 He invited me and the chorus girls up there on opening night. 
 What's his name? What building is he in? 
 I'm gonna go up there right now, I'm gonna drag him out, throw him over that terrace, watch his brains splatter all over Riverside Drive, and I'm gonna enjoy it. 
 It wasn't like that. 
 He was a gentleman. 
 [Laughs] 
 Now you're really pissing me off. 
 [Chuckles] 
 And it was over 20 years ago. He's probably dead. 
 He better be for his sake. 
 You're funny. 
 I'm funny? How am I funny? 
 Mm, that you could be jealous over something that happened 20 years ago. 
 I'm jealous, Kay, because I love ya. 
 Do you know how hard it was for me when you went back to that miserable prick? 
 You want to talk jealous? 
 You have no idea what jealousy like that can make a man do. 
 [Ortheia Barnes' "Watch Out Boy" plays] 
 Edgar, where the hell you think you're going? 
 Stay with the car. 
 ♪ Watch out, boy ♪ 
♪ you're gonna get caught now ♪ 
♪ watch out, boy ♪ 
♪ you're gonna get caught... ♪ 
 You let me down, Vincenzo. 
 You and everybody else. 
 You didn't think I would find out about you and my niece? How could you do that? 
 Do what? I didn't do nothing with her. 
 Don't jerk me around here, Vince. 
 I already know the truth. 
 I don't know what you know, but it's not the truth. 
 Now, yeah, sure, me and her bullshit around when I stop by the joint, and maybe I tease her a little bit, but that's it, Moose. I swear on my mother. 
 Whatever it was, it ends today. 
 And as far as our business agreement goes, you tell your people at the office we want to deal with somebody else from now on. 
 Take your hat off. This is a restaurant. 
 I don't think that's gonna be a problem, Moose. 
 [Siren wailing] 
 Hey, what you want to do till tonight? 
 Try to get laid? 
 Hm? 
 I don't think we should show our faces. 
 We should lay low till we get this done. 
 [Sighs] 
 You're a real barrel of laughs these days, you know that? 
 You know, I saw this hooker when I came in before. 
 Little Blondie with a red dress. 
 She reminded me of your girl Sarah. 
 I was thinking about going down there and grabbing her. 
 Why? 'Cause she reminded you of Sarah? 
 Yeah, I like your girl. What do you want me to say? 
 I couldn't keep my eyes off her. 
 Well, too bad about you, you prick. 
 You keep your eyes to yourself. 
 [Chuckling] Hey, don't get your ass bent out of shape. 
 Look, you want me to go get her for you, and I'll get someone else for myself? 
 No, I don't want a whore. 
 I want to sit tight, drink my beer, and do what we got to do tonight, and then I'm going back. 
 [Beer bottle thuds] 
 Going back where? 
 Upstate. I'm done with this sh1t. 
 You're done with this sh1t? Since when, huh? I thought we had a plan. 
 What do you want me to say, Richie? 
 I'll take care of Rusty like I promised. But then I'm done. 
 
 
 
 Hey, what are you doing? You breaking up with me? 
 Hmm? 
 What? Are you in love, Romeo, hmm? 
 [Chuckles] 
 What are you doing? 
 All right, suit yourself. 
 I don't understand why the hell you would say something to your Uncle. 
 What are you, crazy? I didn't say anything. 
 It was Sergio. 
 Well, how the hell did he know? 
 How do you think he knew? 
 He saw us. 
 When? 
 I don't know, but he did. 
 Well, what does he think he saw, Bernadette? 
 Because, unless I'm twisted, we haven't done anything. 
 Maybe we should've. 
 'Cause we're sure paying the price like we did. 
 Yeah, I'm paying the price, all right. 
 You know, there's a chance I might get bounced out of the division, and I thought it was because of your Uncle. 
 And now I'm thinking it might have something to do with me and you. 
 Well, then... 
 Maybe it gives us more of a reason. 
 What's with you, Bernadette, huh? 
 I got enough bad sh1t going on right now than to deal with you playing me like you been playing me. 
 Well, maybe playtime's over. 
 I want to show you something. 
 What are we doing here? 
 Uh, it's a surprise. 
 What kind of a surprise? 
 Well, this is where I live. 
 You live here? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 What are you doing in this neighborhood? 
 Well, I don't want everyone knowing what the hell I was up to, so I figured I should get a place out of the neighborhood. 
 Oh, so that's why you wanted to go for a walk all the way up here. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Huh. 
 Come up for a drink? 
 All you want is a drink? 
 [Telephone rings] 
 Muldoon. It's your father. 
 I need an update on this investigation. 
 I got nothing to say to you. 
 What are you all pissy about? 
 Well, let's see. 
 The fact that you and mom went behind my back and are helping Christine to look for a house and make the down payment. 
 You don't think that's something you should've discussed with me first? 
 No, 'cause I already know what your answer would be. 
 Yeah? Well, then why did you think it was a smart idea to do that? 
 Because that girl wants her kids out of the neighborhood, and they should be out of the neighborhood. 
 Hey, dad, it's none of your business. 
 But she's married to a stubborn, old donkey prick whose only concern is for himself. 
 Well, guess what. We didn't ask for your help because we don't need your help. 
 Now, I got work to do. Goodbye. 
 Muldoon, let me get a minute with you. 
 What's the word, Lou? 
 So, how'd we do this month? 
 Surprisingly well, given everything that's going on. 
 So the war on the West Side didn't screw us up too badly. 
 Not yet, but if it continues, who knows? 
 What's the latest? 
 I really got nothing. 
 You know, I did a sit-down with Patton. 
 He was giving me nothing on Davis. 
 I got a meeting later on with a stoolie who claims he knows some sh1t, so we'll see. 
 All right, there's too many eyes in Hell's Kitchen. 
 And I don't want them assholes screwing up the good thing we got going here. 
 I know, and look, I don't think you have to worry about it. 
 I mean, Patton said they were almost at the end. 
 So we'll see what that means. 
 So when you go out today, I want you to take Shea with you. 
 Now, I know he's gone out with the other guys, and as you know, the reviews have been mixed. 
 I don't know why we give a sh1t about what the other guys think, all right? 
 Shea's old man is a boss, and him and Johanson are asshole buddies. 
 All right, we all know that, but the captain's having lunch with the boy's father next week, and he wants to at least have some positive sh1t to say about the kid if that's possible, you know? 
 And... And because of that, you specifically have been chosen to take the kid out. 
 I hear you. 
 Consider it done, Lou. 
 Have a good day. 
 Couldn't get better. 
 Hey, Vince, when you get a minute, take a seat. 
 I got to call you back. 
 [Clears throat] 
 What's up, Terry? 
 Look, we have got a very good thing going on here, and it would be a shame if you blew it. 
 So I need to know if I can trust you. 
 Oh, I give you my word, Terry. 
 My hand to God, I learned my lesson, pal. 
 [Sighs] 
 Good. 
 Now, I need a favor... 
 Give you an opportunity to redeem yourself. 
 Anything you need. 
 All right, I just found out I got to ride with Shea today. 
 What do you say you meet me at the old town in an hour, see if the kid's got any balls. 
 You want to see if he can dance? 
 That's what I'm thinking. 
 Yeah, all right. 
 [Sighs] 
 Hey, gorgeous. 
 You remember me? Hmm? 
 How much? 
 What you talking about, cop? 
 Come on. I ain't a cop. How much? 
 Depends on what you want. 
 Oh, I want, uh... I want some dancing lessons, right? 
 What do you think I want? 
 I don't know, cop. What  do  you want? 
 Look, I ain't a cop. 
 Come on, you think I'm a cop? Look at me. 
 Let's get out of here. 
 Hey, Mame, you think this guy looks like a cop? 
 No, look at his shoes. 
 You can always tell the cops by the shoes. 
 Oh, you don't like my shoes? 
 Here. Come on. Take a closer look. 
 You want to see them? 
 Nah, you ain't no cop. 
 I'll take a closer look. 
 Yeah, come on. Let's get out of here. How much? 
 $15. 
 Yeah. All right. Let's do it. 
 Come on. After you. 
 [Rotary phone dialing] 
 [Telephone ringing] 
 Do you mind? 
 Mnh-mnh. 
 Whoever this is, it better be important. 
 Rusty, Rusty, Rusty, Rusty. Jesus, I've been calling all over town trying to find you. 
 Who is this? 
 Uh, it's Duffy. 
 How'd you get this number? 
 Look, Tommy Red told me to call you here. 
 Listen, I got something I think you're gonna want to hear. 
 All right. What do you want? 
 I spotted Richie Kane on 48th street. 
 He's staying at the Stuyvesant Arms. 
 I've been camped out here all day. 
 Where are you right now? 
 I'm right across the street. I went in there. 
 I asked the guy at the desk. He's staying in room 302. 
 Good work, Duffy. 
 Now, you listen to me. 
 You keep your mouth shut about this, and I will see to it that you get your game back up and running. 
 You got me? 
 You got it. 
 [Receiver hangs up] 
 Sorry, babe, I got to go take care of something. 
 [Chuckles] 
 You're really gonna leave me to go play with Duffy? - [Scoffs] 
 [Singsong voice] Have fun. 
 It's just gonna be quick. 
 It's just this little thing I got to take care of, okay? 
 I'll be back in a few hours. I promise. 
 And don't move a muscle. 
 What do you say, Fitzy? 
 How about a beer over here? 
 Hello, Shea. 
 Shea : How are ya, Terry? 
 Very good. 
 Good. 
 [Sighs] And you? 
 How is life in plain clothes treating you so far? 
 Just trying to learn the ropes, sir. 
 I hope I'm proving myself worthy. 
 It doesn't even matter if you're worthy. 
 You've got a big-time Rabbi in your old man. 
 So even if we hated you, we couldn't do anything about it. 
 Well, I think most of the men  do  hate me. 
 Nobody hates you, Shea. 
 They're just breaking your balls, seeing what your made of, seeing how thick your skin is. 
 You're not gonna last long here if you can't take a joke. 
 I don't know, I think it goes a little deeper than that with some of the men. 
 Why do you think that is? 
 Because I'm different than them, maybe? 
 Different? 
 Different how? Because you went to college? 
 Yeah, because of my father, I think they think I... I had everything handed to me, I never had to fight for anything. 
 Uh-huh, and what exactly have you had to fight for? 
 Uh... 
 You see that, Shea? Now I'm breaking your balls. 
 Right. 
 There's nothing to be ashamed of having a hook like that. 
 That is how this department works. 
 It's how the whole city works. 
 It's all about the favor bank. 
 It's all about who you know and who you've got some sh1t on, who you've done favors for and who you owe a favor to. 
 This is a big city, and we're all connected through those favors. 
 But, uh, speaking of fights, let me ask you a question. 
 When was the last time you were in a bar fight. 
 I've actually never been in a bar fight, sir. 
 Never been in a bar fight. 
 What the hell's wrong with you? Don't you drink? 
 Uh, yes, but I've never been in a bar fight. 
 I guess it doesn't get too rowdy out at the country club, I guess. 
 Oh, no. Hey, maybe I got lucky, you know? 
 Mm. So that pretty face has never been hit by somebody's bare fist. 
 [Chuckles] Not yet, no. 
 Do me a favor. Give me your gun and shield. 
 All right. 
 All right, take a look in the back. 
 You see that door there? 
 Yeah. 
 That leads to an alley. 
 I want you to go back there, and I'll meet you there in five minutes, all right? 
 W-why? What... What are you gonna do? 
 We're gonna have ourselves a fight. 
 Come on. 
 All right. 
 [Stool squeaks] 
 So, how bad you want me to hurt him? 
 Hey, listen, sir, I don't think this is a good idea. 
 Just take off your coat, and give it to me, Shea. 
 Oh, come on, isn't there some kind of rule against hitting a superior? 
 Yes, there is, which is why you're not gonna fight  me. 
 You're gonna fight Vince. 
 Now, Vince, listen to me. 
 I got a little bit of a situation on my hands. 
 I'm in the booth, I'm having a drink with Shea, and you know what he says to me? 
 He says he thinks you look like the kind of guy that likes to suck dick for a living. 
 I didn't... I did not say that. I didn't say that, Vince. - Can you believe that? 
 I said, "as long as I've known Vince, I've never known him to suck a dick," so... 
 I didn't say anything about you sucking dick. 
 Now, listen to me, Shea. 
 Now would be a good time to take off the coat. 
 Look at him. He looks a little fired up. 
 Yeah. 
 All right. 
 Now, I'm not gonna let him hurt you too bad. 
 Great. 
 But if you're gonna be in this division, I need to know if you can take a punch. 
 Not bad. He can move. 
 Celeste hits harder than he does, but he can move. 
 [Chuckles] Ha ha. 
 All right, well, stop jerking around and hit this friggin' kid already, will ya? 
 My pleasure. 
 [Chuckling] Oh-ho-ho! All right, all right. 
 Hold on, hold on. Shea, you okay? 
 I'm good. I'm good. 
 Well, how about that, huh? 
 The kid actually can take a punch. 
 Yeah. 
 All right, well, we're done here. Let's wrap it up. 
 No, no, if this dick-loving son of a bitch wants to, uh, go, let's go. Come on. 
 [Chuckles] 
 Ha ha ha ha. 
 Suit yourself. 
 Can I actually hit him now? 
 Please do. 
 [Grunts, coughs] 
 Jesus. 
 You okay? 
 [Chuckles] 
 That was fun. 
 You're all right, Shea. 
 Next round's on me. Come on. 
 Come on. Get in there. 
 All right. 
 [Classical piano music playing] 
 [Indistinct conversations] 
 Potter : Charlie. 
 Stacy. 
 Mom, I'd like you to meet Mr. Charlie Bullman. 
 Charlie, this is my mother, Lois. 
 It's a pleasure to meet you, Mrs. Potter. 
 Oh, please, call me Lois. [Chuckles] 
 Oh, can I take your coat? 
 Oh, yes. I'm sorry we're late. 
 As you probably know already, Stacy takes forever to get ready. 
 Ah, no worries. 
 Will you get mine, too? [Chuckles] 
 It was, uh, well worth the wait, 'cause, uh, you're looking gorgeous as ever. 
 And you're looking beautiful, too, Mrs. Potter. 
 Oh.  Lois. 
 Shall we? 
 [Laughs] Yes. 
 He's very handsome. 
 [Chuckles] 
 So, mom, when can  we   go see the house? 
 Stop asking, moron. 
 You heard dad. We're not going anywhere. 
 Don't call him that, Jimmy. 
 I don't know when we can go out and see the house. 
 So we're not moving? 
 No, we're moving, but we just have to figure some things out first. 
 Would we really move without Dad? 
 Of course not, moron. 
 James, enough of that. 
 No, Michael, we would not move without your father. 
 But your father can be stubborn sometimes. 
 But eventually, he always comes around and sees the error of his ways. 
 Mom, can you tell us what the new house looks like again? 
 Okay, put your heads down on your pillows and close your eyes. 
 It's on a beautiful tree-lined street, and right on the front lawn is a giant, 100-year-old sycamore tree. 
 And when me and grandma pulled up and opened the doors of the car, you couldn't believe the smell of the fresh air. 
 You mean it doesn't smell like piss like our front stoop? 
 Hey, you want to hear the story or not? 
 Mom, keep going. 
 Yeah, mom, keep going. 
 And inside the house, there are three bedrooms, and you'd each have you own room. 
 And there's a big living room and a big kitchen, and there's a backyard where you can play sports and ride your bicycles and... 
 No crazies on the street, too, mom? 
 No crazies on the street... Not anywhere. 
 So, uh, Charlie [Chuckles] 
 How long have you been a police officer? 
 I've been on 22 years now. 
 [Chuckles] 
 You must've been a baby when you joined. 
 How old are you? 
 I'm 44. 
 Oh, you're just a few years older than me. 
 [Both chuckle] 
 I'm surprised a man your age isn't already married. 
 Well, uh, I was actually, uh, married, uh, once before. 
 Stacy didn't mention that when she told me about you. 
 Uh, well, I-I didn't feel the need to give you his life story, mom. 
 I... I thought it was enough that I met a really nice guy. 
 Well, I'm sorry, dear, but you know me. 
 I'm a nosy body. 
 And I just want to get to know the man that my little girl is so crazy about. 
 Do you mind if I ask about your first marriage? 
 Yeah, sure. Fire away. 
 Um, any kids? 
 Actually, uh, I got three. 
 Mm. 
 I got a, uh, 18-year-old daughter who just got engaged, and she's, uh... She's really happy about that. 
 And I got a, uh, set of 14-year-old twin boys, and they're... They're good guys. 
 That's lovely. [Chuckles] 
 Have you met the children yet? 
 Um, no, not yet. 
 Well, I assume they live with their mother. 
 Uh, they... actually, they live with me. 
 Well, who takes care of them while you're at work? 
 Oh, my... my mother lives with us. 
 A boy who still lives with his mother. 
 [Chuckles] 
 Oh, that's lovely. 
 [Chuckles] 
 Mm. 
 You got yourself a good one here, baby. 
 [Chuckles] Thanks, mom. 
 But, Charlie, I think you're hiding something from us. 
 What's that? 
 The ex? 
 I mean, where is she? [Chuckles] 
 She completely out of the picture, or... 
 Mom, please. 
 What? 
 You're being rude. 
 I-I-it's all right, Stacy. It's okay. 
 Um... yeah, she's... She's out of the picture. 
 Do you mind if I ask what happened? 
 I mean, did it have something to do with being a cop? 
 [Chuckles] I bet that's hard. 
 [Clears throat] 
 Well, she, uh... she died about four years ago of, uh... 
 Uh, cancer. 
 Oh, Charlie. 
 Oh, I'm so sorry. 
 No, it's... 
 It's all right. 
 Oh. 
 I am so jealous that you two get to live in this beautiful city. 
 Yeah. 
 This is us. 
 So, uh, you gonna join us upstairs for a nightcap? 
 [Chuckles] 
 My daughter keeps a surprisingly well-stocked bar. 
 Huh. 
 You know, I would love to, but, uh, I got to get to work. 
 This late at night? 
 Oh, mom, remember? 
 I told you he was recently involved in a shootout. 
 Yeah, you know, we keep crazy hours and we're in the middle of a major investigation and, uh, we got a meeting with a witness, so, uh, unfortunately, I can't do it tonight. 
 But it was a pleasure meeting you, Mrs. Potter. 
 Oh. I mean, Lois. 
 And, uh, hopefully, I'll get to see you again soon. 
 Oh, I hope so, too. 
 Yeah. 
 I hope we see a lot more of you in the future. - Absolutely. 
 [Chuckles] 
 [Both chuckle] 
 Hey, uh, y-your mother would've made a great detective. 
 [Laughing] Yeah. 
 She's something, huh? 
 She is. 
 Yeah. 
 I'm so sorry about your wife, Charlie. 
 I... I had no idea. 
 It's all right. 
 It's okay. Don't worry about it. 
 I should've, uh, mentioned that to you earlier. 
 Well, thank you for doing this tonight. 
 It was my pleasure, Stacy. 
 Oh, sh1t. 
 Oh, yeah. 
 Oh, you like that? 
 Yeah. 
 Oh, sh1t. 
 [Moans] 
 Oh, stay right there. 
 Oh, sh1t. 
 [Knock on door] 
 All right, hold your horses, Richie. 
 I'm coming. 
 What the hell was that? Was that a gunshot? 
 [Both grunting] 
 Aah! 
 [Gunshot] 
 [Gunshots] 
 Aah! 
 Jesus Christ! You got to be kidding me. 
 [Gun cocks] 
 Where the hell do you think you're going? 
 Hey. You can't just leave me here. 
 Oh, sh1t! 
 [Gun clicking] 
 [Gasps] 
 Son of a bitch. 
 [Breathing heavily] 
 You're lucky you're wearing red! 
 [Bullets ricochet] 
 [The Who's "The Kids Are Alright" plays] 
 I'll see you soon, Richie. 
 ♪ I don't mind ♪ 
♪ other guys dancing with my girl ♪ 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 