Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x19 - Model Behavior - Blue Bloods 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x19 - Model Behavior https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=196&t=12136 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/22/11 02:34 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x19 - Model Behavior 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 ♪ ♪ 
 This is so cool. 
 Right and left. 
 (gasps) 
 Look at that lady's shoes! 
 Thanks for letting me skip school, Mom. 
 You're just the best. 
 Yeah, well, it is quite a show, and the show hasn't even started yet. 
 Where's Aunt Linda? 
 I don't know. 
 Can't we go inside? 
 I'm dying to see Cousin Sofie. 
 I can't believe she's opening fashion week. 
 God, the traffic. 
 And the parking rates are outrageous. 
 You know they hiked them up for all this. 
 Well, look who's bringing sexy back. 
 Oh, stop it. 
 It looks beautiful. 
 Mom's not kidding. 
 You look fierce. 
 Ah, so do you. Let's go. 
 Oh, oh, oh, oh, wait. 
 There's a tag. Let me just... 
 Oh, no, no. Don't touch it. 
 I'm returning it tomorrow. 
 Linda Reagan. 
 I know. I know. 
 I'm a horrible person. 
 I already said a preemptive novena. 
 This smells like a Wendy thing. 
 You know me and my sister. 
 You graduated at the top of your class. 
 You spent ten years on the floor at Kings General, and you are a world-class mom. 
 You're sweet. 
 All she sees is that I still bear the Scarlet Letter of New York City-- 
 the dreaded 718 
 Staten Island area code. 
 I think it's cool. 
 I do, too. 
 Speaking of which... 
 Hi! 
 Hi. 
 Look at you! 
 Is this Bianco Alessi, Linda? 
 That must have set Daniel back some change. 
 Look at you. 
 If I had those cheekbones. 
 How's the Commissioner? 
 Good. Thank you. 
 What a scare, huh? 
 Don't tell me that's Nicky. 
 You have blossomed overnight. 
 It's been two years. 
 I heard that. 
 I am so excited you guys are here. 
 This is the day we've been working for since Sofie started modeling. 
 Backstage is a madhouse. 
 We can't all go. 
 You guys find your seats. 
 You are coming with me. 
 Okay. 
 ♪  Back, back, back  ♪ 
♪ I want you to boom, boom ♪ 
♪ Shake, shake, now drop what your mama said ♪ 
♪ Boom, boom, shake, shake, now drop what your daddy said ♪ 
♪ Boom, boom, shake, shake, now drop what your sister said ♪ 
♪ Boom, boom, shake, shake, now, drop, drop, drop, drop, yeah ♪ 
♪ Ready to go with the remix... ♪ 
 Oh, God, Harry. 
 My stomach is doing flip-flops. 
 Breathe deep, sweetheart. You're gonna blow their socks off. 
 Oh, my God! 
 Auntie Linda! 
 Hi! 
 Hi! 
 Down girl. I'm curling. This thing's hot. 
 Harry, this is my Aunt Linda. 
 This is my friend Harry. 
 How are the butterflies, sweetie? 
 It's my first big show, Mom. Awful. 
 Uh-oh. Incoming. 
 Here's our little catalog girl. 
 Big day for you, sweetie. 
 Just be careful you don't fall down out there. 
 You're still here, Cameron? 
 What happened to my mineral water? 
 LINDA: Ex-supermodel with a TV show. 
 I guess Page Six wasn't lying about Milli Skye. 
 I mean, talk about toxic. 
 She was just trying to jinx you, Sofie, and it won't work if you don't let it. 
 I just can't wait for this to start. 
 We are so proud of you, Sof. 
 Why don't you go on in, Linda, and let her focus? 
 Okay. 
 FRANK:  This is exactly what I don't want to see  when I open the paper. 
 Some pedestrian's photo of one of my officers behind the wheel of his RMP... texting. 
 No, I don't want to see the officer. 
 I want his boss to come to the 14th floor forthwith. 
 My day, we used to have to pull them out of bars. 
 Francis, I worked the breakfast line at Comforting Community this morning in the church's basement. 
 One of our parishioners gave me some unsettling news. 
 This is turkey, right? 
 Yeah. 
 It's dark meat? 
 I said it was for you. 
 I don't even want to talk about it out loud because it might make it come true. 
 She heard that Father McMurray is leaving. 
 Has he got some kind of health issue? 
 Nah. 
 Lucy's pretty plugged in to St. Luke's. 
 She said they're transferring him to Bolivia. 
 Well, that doesn't make any sense. 
 It's a little late in the day for that kind of change. 
 I don't want to even think about St. Luke's without him. 
 He's meant so much to the family. 
 Buried my Betty. 
 Mary and Joe, too. 
 I thought he was going to bury me. 
 ♪ Boy, you really got me going ♪ 
♪ You got me so I don't know what I'm doing, yeah ♪ 
 (applause) 
 ♪ Yeah, you really got me now ♪ 
♪ You got me so I can't sleep at night ♪ 
♪ Yeah, you really got me now ♪ 
♪ You got me so I don't know what I'm doing ♪ 
♪ Hey, yeah, you really got me now ♪ 
♪ You got me so I can't sleep at night... ♪ 
 Oh, Aunt Wendy, this is beyond incredible. 
 (applause) 
 Erin, you... 
 Oh, please. 
 WENDY: Sofie. 
 There she is. 
 ♪ Boy, you really got me now, you got me so I can't... ♪ 
 Oh... my... God. 
 She's stunning. 
 ♪ Yeah, you really got me now ♪ 
♪ You got me so I don't know what I'm doing ♪ 
♪ Yeah, you really got me now ♪ 
♪ You got me so I can't sleep at night ♪ 
♪ You really got me ♪ 
 (gasps) 
 ♪ You really got me, you really got me... ♪ 
 (gasping) 
 Oh, my God. Sofie! 
 Sofie. Sofie, wake up. 
 Call 911. Is there a doctor?! 
 I know CPR. What's happening? 
 What's going on? 
 She has a pulse. 
 She's just unresponsive. 
 (woman screams) 
 Milli! 
 Stay with her. 
 Oh my God, Milli. Somebody do something. 
 Can you hear me? 
 She just collapsed. 
 Oh, my God. 
 She's dead. 
 ♪ Blue Bloods 1x19 ♪ 
 Model Behavior 
 Original Air Date on April 8, 2011 
 WENDY: I don't know what happened. 
 She wasn't feeling good. 
 I pushed her. 
 You couldn't have stopped her from going out there, Wendy. 
 People think these models starve themselves or go on drugs, but not Sofie. 
 And Milli's dead? 
 That cannot be a coincidence. 
 Oh, God, Mrs. Lightner. 
 I came as soon as I heard. 
 How is she? What happened? 
 WENDY: We don't know. 
 She's in a coma. 
 Is she going to be all right? 
 Well, they're stabilizing her until they can figure out what happened. 
 Um, this is Atlanta. 
 She's been a big sister to Sofie since the beginning. Atlanta, this is my sister-in-law, my niece, my little sister... 
 Mrs. Lightner, can I talk to you for a moment? 
 It's fine. They're family. 
 We just got back the tox screen of the contents of your daughter's stomach. 
 I'm afraid they found a foreign substance believed to be a poisonous mushroom called  Amanita phalloides. 
 A mushroom? 
 The death cap. 
 It's one of the most poisonous mushrooms in the world. 
 Science class. 
 Someone poisoned Sofie? 
 Well, we don't know how she came to ingest the mushroom, but the good news is, now we know that, we can focus on restoring her liver function. 
 Unfortunately, we're too late for the other woman who ingested a larger amount. 
 Who would do such a thing? 
 Well, that's what the police are going to have to find out. 
 Bless me Father, for I have sinned. 
 I has been two weeks since my last confession. 
 These are my sins. 
 I lost my temper at Sunday dinner, and swore in front of my grandchildren. 
 I was angry at my son. 
 Danny? 
 Exactly. 
 What did you say? 
 The big one. 
 I see. 
 The temper, Frank-- we've talked about that. 
 I know that, Father. 
 All right, say two Our Fathers, five Hail Marys and a good Act of Contrition. 
 Thank you, Father. 
 So, it took you two weeks to stir up one sin? 
 I heard you're leaving St. Luke's. 
 So much for keeping the transfer quiet. 
 (sighs) 
 Is this something you really want? 
 I've had a good run at St. Luke's, Frank. 
 Bolivia will be an invigorating new challenge. 
 Father... is there anything I can say that will change your mind? 
 I'm a parish priest, Frank. 
 I go where I'm asked. 
 These mushrooms that poisoned your friend-- 
 they usually take 12 to 20 hours to have this kind of effect, so it's important that we track the whereabouts of Milli and Sofie during that time period. 
 And Sofie's mother told us that Sofie was at some party last night at Milli Skye's loft. 
 We all were. 
 It was her annual kickoff party for Fashion Week. 
 Okay, was there anyone at that party that you know of would want to hurt your friend? 
 Sofie? Absolutely not. 
 She's the sweetest girl in the world. 
 Besides, she hasn't even been in this business long enough to make any enemies. 
 Okay, what about Milli? 
 Is there anyone who would want to hurt her? 
 Everybody. 
 Everybody? 
 Atlanta! 
 Oh, my God. 
 Harry. 
 What's going on? Where is she? 
 Sofie's on a respirator and dialysis. It's horrible. 
 And she's got swelling on her brain. 
 Does Dorian know? 
 Who's Dorian? 
 It's Sofie's new boyfriend. 
 And who is this? 
 Oh, this is Harry. He's my best friend, and Sofie's hairdresser. 
 Hi. 
 These are the detectives. 
 They were just wondering if there was anybody at the party last night who would want to see Milli dead. 
 Everybody. 
 Okay. 
 Yeah, Reagan, I don't know. 
 I don't know anything about, you know, fashion models and-and poisonous mushrooms. 
 I don't, either, but I'm doing it for my wife, for her sister. 
 Oh, the sister I don't hear anything nice about. 
 And you never will hear anything good about her, but unfortunately, her daughter's in a coma, 'cause someone tried to kill her, and they did kill Milli. 
 All right, okay. 
 FRANK:  Thank you for seeing me, Father. 
 I called you Father. 
 Old habits die hard, Your Excellency. 
 Well, it's never too soon to start talking about security for the Pope's visit next year. 
 What are you really doing here, Francis? 
 You always could see through me. 
 Well, it goes with the miter. 
 Well... 
 I'm not here as the police commissioner. 
 I'm here as a parishioner. 
 You want to know why I'm transferring Father McMurray out. 
 I do. 
 The Reagan family has a strong bond with the Father. 
 These are hard times for the church, Francis. 
 I've had to close six schools in our diocese, even our own St. Brendan's. 
 A sad day. 
 I got a good education there, so did my children. 
 Have you spoken with Father McMurray? 
 I have. He said nothing that would indicate he had a problem with the move. 
 Well...? 
 Well, I'm a cop, Your Excellency. 
 It's really more about what he didn't say. 
 Something's wrong. 
 A woman has accused Father McMurray of inappropriate behavior... of a sexual nature. 
 (sighs) 
 Does she have any proof? 
 In the current climate, proof is not necessary. 
 Francis, you came to me a while back and reminded me that the church can no longer afford to sweep things under the rug. 
 The woman is demanding he be removed from St. Luke's. 
 We're facing the issue head-on. 
 This man buried my wife and my son. 
 He baptized Jamie. 
 Father McMurray is a good man. 
 What this woman is saying is not possible. 
 It is just as important to exonerate an innocent person as it is to convict a guilty one. 
 That's what they teach us at the Academy from day one. 
 I know you share this belief. 
 (sighs) 
 Father... in so many ways, I will always be the student, and you the mentor, so this is not easy for me to say, but you are not facing this problem head-on. 
 This is just another way of sweeping things under the rug. 
 To ignore this woman's accusation would bring tremendous negative attention, which the church can ill afford. 
 Father McMurray leaves at the end of the month. 
 (sighs) 
 Okay. Yes. Whatever. 
 What's up, Jack? 
 Um, the mushroom samples have been sent to the DEA lab in D.C. 
 It seems that they can figure out exactly what country these death caps came from. 
 Great. When we found out where, we'll take a look, see who went there and when. What else? 
 Yeah. Well, our lab is going over everything they found backstage at the fashion show. 
 Well, Timeline-wise, Milli's party is the best bet. 
 Well, that's good news and bad news. 
 Bad news first. 
 Well, the bad news is, the loft was completely cleaned out, and the caterers got rid of all the old food. 
 Anybody getting the caterer's story? 
 Yeah, as we speak. 
 All right, how about the good news? 
 Good news is, while you were downstairs, this came from Milli Skye's network. 
 It seems that she had a camera crew recording all six plus hours of the party for Milli's reality show. 
 That is every minute of her every move. 
 Well, maybe we'll get lucky, catch a killer in the act. 
 Worst case, we get to see how the beautiful people party. 
 There's a young lady here to see you about the Milli Skye case. 
 Are you Detective Reagan? 
 Yeah. This is my partner Detective Curatola. 
 You are? 
 Cameron Swanson. 
 I was Milli Skye's personal assistant. 
 Mind taking off your sunglasses? 
 DANNY: Mm-hmm. 
 I knew you'd catch me anyway. 
 I'm here to report a crime. 
 Kill Milli? Me? 
 I stole from her, that is all, and I didn't really steal from her because that money was mine. 
 Let's say you were stealing and that's all. 
 Why don't you take us back to the beginning of you and Milli? 
 That morning... the morning of the party, they didn't have any lactose-free for her latte, so I used soy milk, and she starts screaming at me. 
 I told her I was quitting, and I wanted my money, but she didn't give it to me, so I tried to leave, and she said I couldn't because she needed me for the party, and when I tried to go, she took her cell phone and smashed it into my face. 
 The black eye. 
 I just wanted my $1,200. 
 I knew she'd be distracted during the party, so I snuck in. 
 I knew where she kept the cash. 
 I have it here, and I can give it back. 
 No, no, no. Wait, wait, wait. 
 If you quit, then why were you with Milli the next day at the fashion show? 
 She said she'd tell my parents I'm bulimic. 
 All right. 
 Suppose we believe you. 
 Suppose you're telling the truth. 
 Is there anything you saw at the party that would help us find out who killed Milli? 
 Anything you know, anybody acting suspicious? 
 Tampering with the food in the kitchen? Anything? 
 Well, Sofie's new boyfriend, Dorian... 
 Baby rock star Dorian? What does he have to do with it? 
 I saw him... saw him shaving something onto Sofie's risotto. 
 Sofie's risotto? 
 Not Milli's? 
 I don't know. I told you I was only there for a second. 
 I didn't see much, but I saw that. 
 Sit tight for a second. 
 (clears throat) 
 (sighs) 
 I don't know. 
 Maybe we have been looking at the wrong vic. 
 I mean, maybe Sofie was the target, Milli was collateral. 
 Who would want to kill Sofie and why? 
 I don't know. I mean, boyfriend's as good a place as any to start. 
 JACKIE: What about her? 
 Well, Milli's not exactly around to press charges. 
 Knowing my track record with a certain someone at the D.A.'s office, they probably cut her loose anyway. 
 Yeah. 
 Hey. 
 Look at this guy. 
 We got a sector to patrol, and you're playing Facebook? 
 No. It's just, uh... 
 Everything all right? 
 Oh, yeah, yeah. 
 Yeah. 
 So go, uh, inventory your RMP. 
 I'll meet you in the lot. 
 You got it, Sarge. All right. 
 Hello, Frank. 
 Didn't mean to disturb you, Father. 
 Oh, not at all. 
 Back for another run at the booth so soon? 
 I need to talk to you. 
 Please sit. 
 (sighs) 
 I went to see Bishop Donovan. 
 The woman was a member of the parish years ago. 
 She didn't have an easy life. 
 She imagined she was in love with me. 
 We're taught to expect this as priests. 
 There were letters and gifts. 
 And she finally made a physical advance, which I, of course, gently deflected. 
 And I thought that was the end of it. 
 And it was. 
 But after a failed marriage, she moved back into her parents' house and to the parish. 
 I think she feels shame in herself at the sight of me. 
 Have you told this to Bishop Donovan? 
 The Bishop is between a rock and a hard place. 
 The woman is imbalanced, Frank. 
 She has a history of psychiatric illness. 
 But if we defend ourselves by revealing this, it will only bring up the church's recent history of having turned a blind eye to legitimate claims of abuse. 
 This isn't right. 
 And you falling on your sword isn't the answer. 
 Oh, I'm not a martyr. 
 The Church has plenty of real ones. 
 (sighs) 
 I'm at peace, Frank. 
 I wish the Reagan family could say the same. 
 DANNY: Eh, it's like a nest of vipers, bunch of phonies. 
 JACKIE: It's amazing. 
 They all hated Milli Skye, yet they're all at her party. 
 Typical. 
 There's Milli. 
 (low, indistinct chattering) 
 Okay, this is Sofie right here. That's my niece. 
 She's a pretty girl. 
 What's that? 
 That's her boyfriend, Dorian. 
 He's a guy? 
 Yeah, that's a guy. 
 He's a musician. He's a big, famous dude. 
 Famous with who? 
 With kids. You know, young girls. 
 He's this new wave, new punk. 
 And you know this because? 
 Stupid magazines at the hair salon. 
 Hold on. Pause that. 
 What is he doing there? 
 The girl with the black eye-- she said he put something on top of Sofie's food. 
 Well, he's doing it right there. 
 Right. What is that? 
 It's like a mushroom or something. 
 It's not Parmesan cheese, I'll tell you that much. 
 Look. Look. Look at the frame in the back. 
 It's Milli's assistant with the dark glasses. 
 Well, she said she saw him put it on there, so... 
 All right, let's keep watching. 
 JACKIE: Nope. Look at this. 
 Milli didn't even get any of that stuff. 
 No. 
 Keep watching. 
 JACKIE: Look, at that. 
 Milli took Sofie's plate. 
 There. Milli got some. 
 Just maybe wasn't by design. 
 Yeah, looks like she got a lot more than she bargained for. 
 Yeah, like being dead. 
 Let's go snatch up this Dorian kid. 
 Yep. 
 ♪ ♪ 
♪ What shines when the eyes are dull? ♪ 
♪ What folds when the hinge is gone? ♪ 
♪ The moth is dead without the dust ♪ 
 Mind if we crash the party? 
 Cops! 
 Shut up! 
 Everybody, put your hands where we can see them. 
 Kill that music right now! 
 (music stops) 
 We're looking for Dorian. 
 What's his last name? 
 Dorian. 
 The rock star. 
 (toilet flushing) 
 Step aside. 
 Get over there. 
 
 
 
 Hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey. 
 What are you doing with this, huh? 
 What are you doing? Come on. 
 Come on, rock star. Come on. 
 Look what I found. 
 Mushrooms. 
 Oh, yeah. 
 "Everybody in here is gonna cry. 
 "Everybody in here's gonna fry, fry. 
 "I'm starting with the beauties 
 "'cause they're so bleeping snooty. 
 "Look at all the models. Watch them die, die." 
 And now a model's dead. 
 It's just a song. 
 A song about killing models. 
 How convenient would it be if your girlfriend, a model, happened to die right when your new video was being released? 
 That would be number one with a bullet. 
 You think this is some kind of joke? 
 Less than 48 hours after your girlfriend slipped into a coma and some woman died because somebody gave them some kind of poisonous mushroom, you're having a drug-fueled party and flushing what appears to be the murder weapon right down the toilet. 
 I told you, they're psychedelic mushrooms. 
 Well, I got a video of you shaving something that sure does look like a mushroom onto Sofie's risotto at Milli's party. 
 What are you talk... 
 Oh yeah, you mean my truffle? 
 What? 
 I'm talking about a poisonous mushroom. 
 No, man, it's a truffle I bought at Mario's charity auction to feed the needy. It gives me good cred. 
 That thing set me back two grand. 
 A chocolate truffle? 
 No, no, man. 
 Not chocolate. 
 It's like a... it's, like, mushroom, but not a poisonous mushroom. 
 Like a... Like a tuber, I think. 
 $2,000? 
 Yeah. They're rare or something. 
 Anyway, I didn't give any to Milli, and she's the one that's dead. 
 Okay. Why don't you tell me what you did with the rest of this magical 
 $2,000 truffle? 
 It's gone. 
 I gave it to a lot of other people at the party. 
 You got to ask yourself why they're not dead, too, right? 
 No, I don't have to ask myself anything. 
 But what I do keep wondering about is why  you  haven't asked any questions about your girlfriend. 
 I mean, she's in a coma. 
 You haven't even asked how she's doing. 
 I know. I-I'm sorry. 
 I-I forgot. 
 Right. 
 Your girlfriend's dying. It just slipped your mind. 
 Yeah. Well, see, that's the thing. 
 What's the thing? 
 She's not really my girlfriend. 
 She's not your girlfriend? 
 No. It was like an arrangement. 
 It was my manager and her mother. 
 Wendy thought it would be a good idea for Sofie's rising star, the red carpet and Page Six and like that. 
 Mm-hmm? 
 So this arrangement? 
 What did you get from it? 
 I'd rather not say. 
 Really? Okay. 
 Well, you don't say. 
 I'll just charge you with homicide and get on with my day. 
 Protection. 
 From what? 
 (sighs) 
 Protection from what? 
 From rumors. 
 What type of rumors? 
 The kind that if a young teenage girl were to hear, she would never buy another Dorian ticket. 
 Hmm... 
 Look, the truth is that I was a lot more interested in her friend Harry than I was in Sofie. 
 Reagan? Talk to you? 
 Yeah. 
 I just discovered that Sofie was Dorian's beard. 
 Really? Huh. 
 Yeah. 
 Wow. 
 Well, one thing the guy's telling the truth about? 
 The lab results just came in on those mushrooms he was trying to flush down the toilet bowl. 
 Mm-hmm? 
 They're psychedelic. 
 I guess the truffles weren't poisonous either, then. 
 I don't know. This is very confusing. 
 Well, what we do know is that somebody tried to poison someone. 
 One woman is dead, and a girl is in a coma. 
 Let's just hold him for possession of a controlled substance till we figure this thing out. 
 Yeah. 
 Morning. 
 Hey. 
 Any change? 
 She's breathing on her own. 
 The liver chemistry's better. 
 Wen... they don't think it was the musician anymore. 
 The mushrooms that they confiscated were a recreational drug. 
 Dorian had no reason to harm Sofie. 
 They barely knew each other. 
 I know. 
 Daniel told you about the arrangement? 
 You must think I'm horrible. 
 (sighs) 
 It's, um... 
 It's just hard for me to understand. 
 What? 
 Why I pushed my daughter to get mixed up in some creepy, fake relationship with a drug-addled rock star in the closet so she could get her name in the paper? 
 Get her face on the cover of some stupid magazine? 
 You don't think I feel bad enough already? 
 I didn't say that. 
 That's what you were thinking. 
 Little Miss Staten Island Salt of the Earth. 
 Wendy, please stop. 
 You stop! 
 You blame me because I wanted a better life. 
 This is better? 
 There it is. 
 The contempt. 
 I was trying to be sympathetic, Wen. 
 Is that so? 
 Just leave me and my daughter alone. 
 Wen... 
 Get out of here! 
 (bells tolling) 
 Well, the woman has a history of mental problems. 
 So what's going on? Why are they kicking him out? 
 He's a sacrificial lamb. 
 I'm not following you, Dad. 
 It'll look like they're latching on to this to excuse themselves for allegations that they've ignored in the past. 
 Oh. Well, thanks, Harvard. 
 You asked. 
 That isn't fair. 
 No it isn't, Nicky. 
 But it isn't simple, either. 
 If it goes public, it hurts the Church. 
 HENRY: No kidding. 
 I'm in the middle of a fund drive for Comforting Community. 
 If people get turned off, if they don't ante up, what's going to happen to all those senior citizens we serve? 
 So what do you think, Dad? 
 I was kind of hoping to find out what you guys think. 
 It's a tough one. 
 I mean, I can see it from both sides. 
 Yeah, me, too. 
 Lawyers, what do you expect? 
 Well, I'll take a side. It stinks. 
 I'm not talking about the legality. 
 It's not a question of due process, it's an ethical issue. 
 Yeah. Is the Church making the Father pay for its former sins? 
 Yeah. On the other hand, Father McMurray isn't resisting, right? 
 Right. 
 Of course not. He loves the Church. 
 He's willing to make the sacrifice. 
 Are we being selfish for not wanting to lose him? 
 Are we putting our wishes before the needs of the Church? 
 That's all well and good. But somebody should take a side. 
 He's a good priest. It stinks. 
 Well, I think we should have faith that Bishop Donovan will do the right thing. 
 Everything has a cost, even the truth. 
 But the reward for truth is a clear eye and a clear conscience. 
 Who said that? 
 Bishop Donovan, when he was at St. Brendan's. 
 Hmm. 
 I just hope he remembers it. 
 Brought you some of Staten Island's finest, Jackie, and some fresh jet fuel. 
 Ooh. Thank you. 
 Any results from the DEA in D.C. yet? 
 Um, yeah. The mushrooms that killed Milli and poisoned Sofie, they came from Morocco. 
 And they were purchased fresh and harvested no more than a month ago. 
 You got any airplane manifests from Morocco? 
 Passenger lists for the last six weeks just to be safe from Marrakech and Casablanca. 
 This is from Iberia Airlines. 
 Rock the Casbah. 
 Uh, so far nothing on American. 
 But I'm checking Air France now. 
 Newark to Marrakech, via Paris... 
 What was that-that hairstylist? What was it? Harry? Barry? 
 Harry? Harry Bell? 
 Harry Bell. Right here. 
 Seat 30A, three weeks ago. 
 Harry, that sweet little hairdresser kid? 
 Maybe. 
 Why don't we go pay him a visit? 
 We'll check the rest of the manifests on the way. 
 Okay. 
 (alternative rock song plays loudly) 
 I hear music. 
 Yeah, pretty loud. 
 Maybe he's home. 
 Harry Bell! 
 Open the door! 
 Well, you know, the neighbors have been complaining about loud music. 
 Right. 
 (loud music continues) 
 Hey, Dorian! A clean park. 
 New York City thanks you. 
 Oh, no, no, thank you. 
 I got 99 more hours of community service to do for something that grows in God's earth. 
 Well, it may grow in God's earth, but it's still illegal. 
 The other day you told us you'd rather hang out with Harry than you would with Sofie, is that right? 
 Yeah. We had our moment. Why? 
 Well, Harry the hairdresser's dead. 
 Apparently, he committed suicide. 
 Harry's dead? 
 Yeah, that's what I said. Now, the problem for us is Harry had just become our main suspect. 
 He was on a plane to Morocco, where the mushrooms came from, but we don't have a motive or any reason why he would kill himself. 
 Maybe you could shed some light on that for us. 
 Morocco? Yeah. 
 That-that's actually where Harry and I had our time. 
 But he didn't say anything about mushrooms. 
 You were in Morocco? 
 We didn't see your name on the airplane manifests. 
 Yeah, well, I don't fly commercial. 
 Oh. So you had a private jet? 
 Yeah. That's why I went to Morocco. 
 Harry was working on a photo shoot for Atlanta's Marrakesh spread. 
 Atlanta? Sofie's mentor? 
 Atlanta was on a private plane to Morocco with you? 
 I gave her a lift. 
 Like I said, perception is everything. 
 That would explain why she wasn't on the passenger list. 
 We're looking for Atlanta. 
 She just went upstairs for a smoke. Why? What do you want? 
 Atlanta! 
 Detective Reagan, my partner Detective Curatola. 
 You remember us from the hospital...? 
 Don't come any closer! 
 Listen, all right... 
 I'll jump! I will! 
 All right, I'm stepping back. 
 Nobody's going to jump. 
 Just get out of here! 
 We can't leave you up there, okay? 
 We're not going to leave you unless we know you're safe. 
 So why don't you just relax and we'll talk about this, okay? 
 You have no idea what it's like for me. 
 I'm 25 and my life is over. 
 I've been working Fashion Week since I was 13. 
 I booked a dozen shows a year. But this year? 
 One show. And I had to beg for it. 
 Okay, you don't want to jump because of that. Okay? 
 And it's not fair! 
 I didn't mean to hurt anybody! 
 Okay, you didn't mean it. 
 I just thought it would make Sofie sick, and that-that I would get to close the Lara Fortunato show. 
 I put it in her risotto when she wasn't looking. 
 But I don't know what happened to Milli. And now... 
 Harry, and that's my fault, too? 
 Look, it's not your fault. 
 Harry killed himself, okay? 
 I killed him. 
 We were in this bazaar in Marrakesh. 
 The shopkeeper had these mushrooms, and... 
 Harry didn't see me buy them, but he suspected me... 
 Okay. 
 I told him that if he ratted me out... that I would say that we did this together. 
 He's dead because of me. 
 No, he's dead because he killed himself, all right? 
 It was an accident; it's not your fault. 
 So why don't you just get down from there, okay? 
 Come on down, all right? 
 Come on. Don't do this to yourself. 
 Just take my hand. Come on down. 
 Come on down. 
 There you go. Come on. 
 (gasps) 
 Come on down. 
 There you go. 
 All right. 
 Yeah, you just stand right there. 
 JACKIE: Atlanta aka Lisa Jennings, you are under arrest for the murder of Milli Skye, attempted murder of Sofie Lightner. 
 Let's go. Please. Let's go. 
 (door opens) 
 Wendy. 
 I'm sorry. 
 I was awful to you yesterday. 
 Well, if it was one of my boys, I don't know what that would do to me. 
 Oh, don't be nice, Linda. 
 I can't stand it. 
 Had a lot of time to think about things. 
 Making some changes... if Sofie comes out of this. 
 Well, don't even think about moving back to Staten Island. 
 You'd go nuts. 
 Just saying. 
 She was surrounded by some desperate people, and I should have known. 
 I just wanted it for her so bad. 
 I closed my eyes to the truth. 
 You were doing what you thought was best. 
 Every mother is guilty of that. 
 You would have known. 
 You would've seen right through them all. 
 I've always envied that about you. 
 You've envied me.  Right. 
 Oh, I mean it. 
 You have always known exactly who you are. 
 You have never once pretended to be something you're not, not for anybody. 
 Me? I have spent my whole life trying to forget where I came from, trying to be something I'm not. 
 Look where it got me. 
 Well, I'm guilty of that, too. 
 I doubt it. 
 (clears throat) 
 That wasn't my dress the other day. 
 What? 
 I bought it that morning... kept the tags in it. 
 I was going to return it the next day. 
 Linda. I know. It was stupid and... it was terrible but... 
 I just wanted to impress you. 
 You're a really sweet sister, you know that? 
 (sobs) 
 It was Staten Island. 
 (Wendy sniffles, Linda laughs) 
 Mom? 
 Hey. 
 Hi... baby. 
 Mommy's right here. 
 (kissing, Wendy sniffles) 
 Thank you for seeing me, Francis. 
 Please sit down, Your Excellency. 
 I made you some tea. 
 I see. Thank you. 
 I won't stay long. 
 I'm on my way to deliver a benediction at the UN. 
 They need it. 
 I always knew you had great things in store for you, Francis. 
 Thank you. 
 And now look at you here in the catbird seat. 
 Hot seat, sometimes. 
 Tell me about it. 
 Oh, Francis. 
 We have such fine schools. 
 95% of our students go on to college. 
 They outperform every state and city test you can throw at them. 
 And to lose more schools... 
 I have thought about this problem long and hard. 
 Francis, when we last spoke, you reminded me of something. 
 What was that, Your Excellency? 
 The truth. 
 Was I sacrificing truth for expedience in shipping the problem to South America? 
 And the answer was "yes." 
 But now... we're going to face this problem head-on. 
 (door closes) 
 How'd the board meeting go? 
 There's enough in the coffers for Comforting Community to fight for another year. 
 That's great, Pop. 
 What's better, Francis, is that Bishop Donovan changed his mind. 
 Father McMurray doesn't have to go to Bolivia after all. 
 Always nice to hear good news. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 