Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x08 - Chinatown - Blue Bloods 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x08 - Chinatown https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=196&t=12125 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 11/16/10 05:54 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x08 - Chinatown 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 I was glad to get your call, Officer Reagan. 
 I assume you're ready to get to work. 
 I'm out. 
 You need to find yourself another guy. 
 Look, I understand you have reservations. 
 The Templar investigation is a high-risk assignment. 
 But I can offer you the full support of the FBI. 
 A lot of good that did my brother Joe. 
 Thanks, but no thanks. 
 Reagan. 
 I gotta say, I'm surprised at you. 
 You've got a lot invested in us finding out the truth here. 
 Yeah. 
 Your brother's death, your father's honor. That's exactly why I'm turning you down. 
 Don't tell me you plan on getting into this on your own. 
 Like you said, it's family business. 
 (woman screaming, man shouting) 
 Huh? (shouting) 
 (screaming continues) 
 (man shouting) 
 JAMIE: Police! 
 Police! Don't move! Drop it! 
 Drop the gun! 
 Drop the gun! 
 (tires screeching) 
 WOMAN: Hey! 
 (tires screeching) 
 (people murmuring) 
 (panting) 
 This is Officer Reagan, shield number 60528. 
 I'm off duty and have one under at the intersection of Market Street and East Broadway. 
 The guy's been hit by a car. 
 He's got no pulse. Need a bus forthwith, right now. 
 Okay. 
 ♪ Blue Bloods 1x08 ♪ 
 Chinatown 
 Original Air Date on November 12, 2010 
 (distant sirens wail) 
 (low, indistinct chattering) 
 Oh, no, no. I didn't expect this to happen. 
 He ran right out into traffic. 
 Now the guy's dead. It's a total scene out here. 
 I think every cop in Lower Manhattan came out. 
 Were you hurt? 
 No, I'm fine, Dad. Listen, don't worry about me. 
 I just wanted to let you know, I... 
 I don't want this to jam you up in any way. 
 You just tell the truth. You'll do fine, son. 
 Yeah. 
 (phone beeps) 
 (sighs) 
 I gotta go. I'm sorry. 
 Yeah. Okay. All right. Bye. 
 Jack, give me a second. Hey. Yeah. 
 JAMIE: Hey. You okay, kid? 
 Yeah, I'm fine. 
 You give a statement to anybody? 
 Yeah, I talked to, uh, I talked to this guy. 
 Jack. Says he gave a statement to this guy over here. 
 You know him? Which one? 
 Uh, Detective Tuan. Yeah, I do know him. 
 Um, it's okay. I'll take care of it. 
 What happened? 
 Hey, you know the, uh... you deal with the Asian Triad. 
 They-they kidnap illegal immigrants and try to squeeze money out of their families back in China, right? Yeah, yeah. 
 It's one of their many upstanding activities. 
 Why? What happened? 
  I think that's what I saw. 
 Two suspects had guns, but when I searched the guy, he didn't have it. You sure they had guns? 
 Yeah. He had it. He must have tossed it. 
 A gun's not gonna last long on the streets of Chinatown, kid. 
 What else? There was one other woman-- 
 a Chinese woman-- she saw the whole thing. 
 Perp pushed her up against the wall. 
 She might have had lacerations on her forehead. 
 I gotta find two Asian women in Chinatown? 
 Now what were you doing down here, anyway? You're off duty. 
 Just walking around, blowing off steam after my tour. 
 Look, Internal Affairs is gonna be all over you. They're gonna want to speak to witnesses, want to know who you were talking to, what you were doing. 
 I got it. I got it. All right. All right. Get your story straight. 
 Glad you're all right. 
 (sighs) 
 FRANK: Chief Flores, is it the policy of Internal Affairs to call the police commissioner every time you open up an investigation into the conduct of a New York City police officer? 
 This conversation shouldn't be taking place, John. 
 If it ends here, it didn't. 
 (KELLY whispers) 
 I'll be right there. 
 I just want to say hi to someone. 
 Commissioner. 
 Kelly Davidson, Channel 10 News. 
 Sure. You worked the Sebastian Calso case. 
 That was a great job, by the way. 
 And of course, the mayor took all the credit for it, but... 
 How are you, Frank? 
 How are you? 
 I'm working too hard. 
 Hazard of both our jobs, I think. 
 I miss you. 
 And I know I screwed things up. 
 MAN: Frank Reagan! 
 (chuckles) 
 Councilman Welch. Good to see you. 
 I didn't know they let you out of Brooklyn. 
 Yeah, well, unlike the Dodgers, I'll be back. 
 This is Kelly Davidson, Channel 10 News. 
 Nice to meet you. I've seen you on TV. 
 Well, excuse me. I have to get back. 
 Nice talking to you, Miss Davidson. 
 Are you working on something here? 
 Yeah. Uh... 
 DOA's Grant Lee. 
 He's a foot soldier in one of the Triads down here. 
 Any sign of the driver? 
 Yeah, we're looking for a blue Subaru Impreza WRX, with New York plates. 
 I.A.'s gonna be all over my little brother. 
 It would really help if we could find the bad guy here. 
 Said something about two girls? 
 Two Chinese women in their early-to-mid-20s, with shoulder-length black hair. 
 That describes 30 people just at my wedding. 
 Yeah. No talkers in the crowd, huh? 
 No. See no evil, hear no evil, do no evil. 
 I've tried three different languages. No luck. 
 My brother said one of the girls had a scratch on her forehead. 
 Does that girl have a scratch on her forehead? 
 JACKIE: Yes, she does. 
 Excuse me. Miss? 
 We'd like to ask you a few questions, okay? 
 It's okay. It's okay. 
 I just want to ask you a few questions. 
 (speaks Chinese) 
 Come on. 
 This way. It's okay. 
 (footsteps approaching) 
 How did you get the scrape on your head? 
 I fell down. Mm. 
 You mind if I look at your hands? 
 No scrapes. 
 You know, most people, when they fall down, they put their hands in front of them to break their fall. 
 So I'm thinking you might have got that scrape on your head a different way. 
 Maybe somebody might have pushed you up against a wall while they were trying to kidnap your friend? 
 So our dead guy, Grant Lee, been arrested for assault and bribery-- typical gang stuff. 
 Printed out some photos of his known associates. 
 You recognize these guys? 
 No. 
 I don't really believe you. 
 Listen, I know these gangsters are scary, okay, but your friend is in danger. 
 And she can only hide so long before she's gonna have to come out. 
 Now wouldn't it be better if we found her before they do? 
 We don't care about your immigration status, okay? 
 We just really need to know where your friend is. 
 Ming-Tai not my friend. 
 I just met her. 
 JACKIE: Ming-Tai's her name? 
 Can you tell us her last name? 
 DANNY: Where does she live? 
 Gong si fong. 
 What is that? 
 I show you. 
 We live in same gong si fong, and then she move. Why? 
 Why did she move? 
 Trouble. 
 What kind of trouble? 
 Chinatown trouble. 
 SYDNEY: Jamie, I know you wanted to do the right thing, but... you were off duty. You should have called 911. 
 There wasn't time. 
 You didn't have any backup. 
 You know, it's you against two gangsters with guns. 
 Syd, I didn't get hurt. I'm okay. 
 Yes. And thank God for that, but... 
 Just a couple weeks ago, a cop got killed because she walked into the middle of a crime, and tonight, that could have been you. 
 Sydney, I'm standing right here. 
 With you, in the kitchen. Safe and sound. 
 This time. 
 Yes, this time, and the next time, and the next. 
 And you think you're invincible? 
 Front-page headlines in the  Daily News,  sir. 
 "Top Cop Son Chases Gangster Into Fatal Crash"" 
 Cover of  Newsday,  the  Post. 
 Item in the Metro section of the  Times,  with a longer piece in their blog. 
 Baker, I have 36,000 
 police officers in my command and eight million people in this city to look after. 
 What else you got? We've apprehended a suspect in the Forest Hills taxicab robberies. 
 Press conference on the downtown security initiative at 1400 hours. 
 But with all due respect, sir, the press is going to ask about this incident involving your son. 
 I wouldn't minimize its importance on your agenda. 
 (sighs) 
 I know that. 
 But thank you. 
 (sighs) 
 (phone ringing) 
 Commissioner. 
 Hey! I hear Jack caught a touchdown pass yesterday. 
 Yeah, he did. You calling about that, or are you looking for information about Jamie's missing girl? 
 Well, if I were calling you as the police commissioner, it would be to the lead detective in a politically sensitive case. 
 Whatever you say, Dad. 
 Guess where I am. 
 Surprise me. 
 I'm in a one-bedroom apartment shared by 30 women who take shifts sleeping on mattresses on the floor. 
 You know, it's kind of like Aunt Sally's at Thanksgiving, only times ten. 
 It's called gong si fong, and who would you be looking to find there? 
 I'm looking to find Jamie's kidnap vic. 
 It's my only lead, but there's a hundred gong si fongs all over Chinatown, so it's not going too good. 
 Anything on the car yet? 
 You know what? Actually, I may have something by now. 
 I'll get back to you. 
 (sighs) 
 I can't get anything on Ming-Tai-- 
 no last name, no idea where she worked, no idea where she moved to. 
 Come on! The girl told me she lived here for over a year. 
 Somebody's got to know something. 
 Most of these women are fresh off the boat, all right? 
 They're afraid of cops. 
 But they trust the gangsters who brought them over here? 
 No. They fear them even more. 
 Great. 
 These 500 new MTA cameras will give us another tool in protecting our five million daily transit riders. 
 Questions? Commissioner! 
 How can the city afford this, when we're already laying off transit workers? 
 We can't afford not to. 
 KELLY: Commissioner. We hear that no one has come forward to corroborate your son's account of the attempted abduction in Chinatown. 
 That's not a question, Miss Davidson. 
 Well, is this case getting special consideration because your son is involved? 
 No. Next question. 
 (clamoring) 
 Time is 1415 hours. 
 I am Lieutenant Alex Bello of Internal Affairs, present with Probationary Officer Jamison Reagan, and PBA Attorney Kenneth Weber. 
 Officer Reagan, did you know the deceased? 
 No. 
 Did you ever talk to him before last night? 
 No. Never. 
 So what made you stop and talk to him? 
 I didn't talk to him. 
 I saw him and another man assaulting two women. 
 Both men had guns. 
 They were attempting to kidnap one of the women. 
 I identified myself and told them not to move. 
 You were off duty. 
 Why didn't you just call 911? 
 I think any officer worth their salt would've... done what I did in that situation. 
 Hmm. Sure sounds good. 
 But the thing is, we can't find a single witness to corroborate your side of the story. 
 Alley where the crime took place was deserted. 
 That's why they picked it. 
 What were you doing in that neighborhood that time of night, Officer Reagan? 
 My apartment's not far... from that location. 
 I was out taking a walk. 
 Having dinner with someone? 
 No. 
 Meeting a friend? 
 No. 
 Really? 
 'Cause we have witnesses that say they saw you earlier talking with a woman with red hair. 
 You care to tell me who that is? 
 You kidding? 
 Does it look like I'm kidding? 
 WEBER: I want to remind you, Lieutenant, that Officer Reagan only has to answer questions specifically directed to his official duties. 
 JAMIE: No, it's okay. I just find it ironic that you can't find someone to identify the vic, but you can find someone to say that they saw me talking to a woman with red hair. 
 Redheads stick out in that neighborhood. 
 She was a tourist. 
 She was looking to buy some designer knockoff stuff. 
 I pointed her toward Canal Street. 
 I'm gonna need her name and her contact information. 
 I don't have it. 
 Like I said, she's a tourist I met for two seconds. 
 WEBER: If you don't have any more questions, Officer Reagan needs to get back to his command. 
 (recorder beeps) Officer Reagan, you should know the commissioner has directed us to be extra rigorous in our investigation. 
 We're gonna leave no stone unturned. 
 I expect nothing less. 
 Okay, I just got these pictures off a red light camera on the corner of Houston and Avenue C at 2045 last night. 
 It's a Subaru Impreza WRX. It's the same car that your brother described. 
 Different neighborhood. It's close, though. 
 Timeline works. You get a shot of the license plate? Mm-hmm. 
 Nancy-Union-Queen-1-7-2-4. 
 Great. You run this? Yeah, I ran it. 
 Where do you think I was, ordering pizza? 
 It's, uh, Nelson Chiu. Last known address was 447 Mott Street. 
 Let's take a ride. 
 Hey, Jamie. It's Danny. Look, you got time to meet us over in Chinatown? 
 All right. Great. We'll see you there. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 WOMEN: Whoo! 
 Nelson Chiu. Detective Reagan. 
 This is my partner, Detective Curatola. 
 We need to speak to you outside. 
 I'm eating. No. 
 Actually, you're smoking. 
 Can't do that in a restaurant, my friend. 
 Put the bottle down. 
 (clatter) 
 (speaks Cantonese) 
 Hey! That better mean "Try the fried rice," 
 or you're coming, too. Now sit down. 
 Come on, hands up against the car. 
 Give him a toss. 
 Yeah, let's go. 
 (grunts) 
 Hey, lady, I get a lap dance after this? 
 Yeah, here's your lap dance. 
 (cries out) 
 (groans) 
 He's clean. Hey! 
 Is that him? 
 Yeah. He was the driver. 
 DANNY: You sure he had a gun on him? 
 Positive. All right. Good. 
 All right. Can we get back to work now, Detective? 
 Yeah. Go write some tickets. All right. 
 Cuff him. 
 What? 
 You're under arrest. 
 For what? 
 For what? 
 For making me ruin a perfectly good lobster. 
 (scoffs) 
 Let's go. 
 CHIU: Ming-Tai? 
 I don't know no Ming-Tai. Where's my lawyer? 
 DANNY: He called. He's stuck in traffic. 
 His office is six blocks from here. 
 Yeah. Makes it all the more stupid that he chose to drive. 
 Why were you trying to kidnap Ming-Tai? 
 No speaky Engrish. 
 What did you say? 
 I said, "No speaky Engrish." 
 Well, I see you can "writy Engrish." 
 I found your Web site. 
 Asian Comfort Escort Services. 
 $250 an hour, with a two-hour minimum. 
 Outcalls only. This is classy stuff. 
 That's a legitimate site, man. 
 Those are escorts, not hookers. 
 Mm. Is Ming-Tai one of your escorts? 
 What did she do, steal money from you? 
 You know what you gotta do? 
 You gotta get yourself a dog, and name it Ming-Tai, so that every time you say "Ming-Tai"" 
 someone actually knows what you're talking about, 'cause I don't. 
 Now go get my lawyer. You think you're tough, wise guy? 
 'Cause personally, I think you're scum. In fact, I think you're lower than the sticky stuff 
 (knock on door) 
 on the bottom of my shoe. Yes? 
 Uh, somebody to see you. 
 Who? 
 Someone who knows you cried at  E.T. 
 You giving away all my childhood secrets to my partner? 
 What brings you here? 
 You gotta cut Nelson Chiu loose. 
 I don't have to cut anybody loose. 
 Look, I want to help Jamie as much as you do, but you brought a guy in on a gun charge without a gun. 
 Hey, Jamie gave a positive I.D., and he said the guy had a gun. 
 And in Jamie's own admission, it was dark. He could have been waving around a water pistol to intimidate that victim. 
 A cop says a guy has a gun, then the guy has a gun. 
 I talked to my boss. We are not prosecuting this case. 
 Your boss. Your boss is covering his own ass. 
 Now, this guy's gonna walk on bail tomorrow. 
 You gotta give me something. 
 Misdemeanor assault. 
 It's the best I can do. 
 Great. 
 Didn't mean to wake you, Pop. 
 Nah, you didn't. 
 I couldn't sleep. 
 I just keep thinking about this cop in Narcotics who almost got himself in a jam back in the day when I was commissioner. 
 Somebody dropped a dime on him, and kept saying that he was skimming money from his drug collars. 
 So the chief of I.A. calls me up to tell me about it. 
 Says I might like to talk to the cop, and give him a heads-up. 
 I told him not only was I not going to talk to the cop in question, but I wanted the I.A. to put their best investigator on the case. 
 So then they set up a couple of decoy busts on you, and... you came up smelling like roses, Francis. 
 You never told me. 
 I had to sit back and watch you be investigated. 
 It pained me. 
 Every instinct a father has is to step in and protect his kid. 
 Is that ham? 
 'Cause I could eat. 
 Mmm. 
 NICKY:  How come you didn't become a cop? 
 Well, your uncles always wanted to be policemen. 
 They were always playing detective around the house. 
 And I... I never felt the call. 
 But you did to be a lawyer. 
 Yeah. 
 Yeah, to serve the law in a different way. 
 Which means that sometimes, I'm not on the side of the cops. 
 Cops aren't perfect. 
 You mean, like the time Uncle Danny stuck a man's head in a toilet? 
 Yeah. Your Uncle Danny is a really good cop, but sometimes, he gets carried away. 
 Which, at your age, came in very handy, at times. 
 What do you mean? 
 Meaning, your Uncle Danny would always protect me. 
 If I was ever in trouble, he would suddenly come out of the woodwork. 
 He was like my personal bodyguard. 
 (phone rings) 
 Like what kind of trouble? 
 No. You're not going to get that out of me. 
 Hold on. 
 
 
 
 Hi. We were just talking about you. 
 Yeah? Well, I hope you're saying I should have listened to my brother Danny, and kept Nelson Chiu locked up. 
 Why? 
 Because he's dead. 
 What? 
 Yeah. Thank your boss for me. 
 I just found him on the Lower East Side, with a bullet hole in his head, shot execution style. 
 It's a signature of his Triad. 
 His gang got to him? 
 So you have no victim to press charges, and both your suspects are dead. 
 Well, I can't drop it now. 
 Jamie might have stumbled upon something big, if they're killing one of their own. 
 It'll be a lot easier on Jamie if you can figure this out, Danny. 
 The girl's still out there. 
 Really? 
 Well, thanks for telling me. Good-bye. 
 You find anything? 
 Nope. 
 No cell phone. No wallet. 
 (sighs) 
 DANNY: Hold on! 
 How about this? 
 Mott Street Munificent Society. 
 You ever heard of that? 
 Yeah. It's kind of like a community service center. 
 They teach English classes, offer free legal advice. 
 They even have a medical clinic. 
 Are they tied into Nelson Chiu's Triad, by any chance? 
 Not that I know of. JACKIE: Okay. 
 I just got off the phone with the M.E. 
 She's doing the autopsy now on Grant Lee, Chiu's partner in the attempted kidnapping. Yeah. 
 Had some fresh blood on him that wasn't his. 
 Says it's that of a woman's. Probably Ming-Tai. 
 Get this-- she was pregnant. 
 When we spoke to Wai-Chee, she didn't say Ming-Tai was pregnant. 
 No. 
 They say how far along she was? 
 Yeah. Third trimester. 
 TUAN: Well, if it is Ming-Tai, and if she is pregnant, she's probably not working as an escort anymore. 
 So what does the Triad still want with her? 
 ♪ ♪ 
 You know, I never knew what a Munificent Society was till now. 
 Dennis Eng, proprietor. 
 Nelson Chiu. Doesn't sound familiar. 
 But we help a lot of people here. 
 Maybe he was one of them. 
 Well, can you check your records? 
 It's Chiu, C-H-I-U. 
 Of course. 
 TUAN: Chiu didn't seem like the kind of guy who would need your help, Mr. Eng. 
 Any chance he worked here? 
 No. 
 That I would know. 
 Chiu is a very popular name. 
 You may have heard of Jimmy Choo. 
 (smug laughter) 
 But there is no one in our database named Nelson C-H-I-U. 
 Do you do any work with gangs? Triads? 
 We sponsor a midnight basketball program to deter teenagers from joining gangs. 
 JACKIE: What about, uh, Ming-Tai? 
 That sound familiar? 
 I can search. 
 Do you know her last name? 
 JACKIE: Unfortunately, no. 
 This your, uh, clinic over here? 
 Yes. Oh. 
 Let me just take a little peek. 
 Uh... 
 This is not a good time. 
 Why? 
 Excuse me. 
 I'm looking for a pregnant woman, uh, Ming-Tai. 
 Maybe you can help me? 
 (speaking Chinese) 
 We provide free medical services to people who can't afford them. 
 Can we look around? 
 Not at this time. 
 Why not? 
 Many of our clients are illegal immigrants. 
 You're frightening them. 
 Please leave. 
 Please! JACKIE: Okay! 
 Thanks. 
 It's an advertisement for an adoption agency. 
 What does it say? 
 It says, "If you're single and pregnant, "or married and can't afford it, you can put it up for adoption... and be rewarded." 
 Rewarded? Rewarded, like in money? 
 It's cagey the way it's phrased, but that's what it sounds like to me. 
 All right, all right. 
 So let's say Ming-Tai's working as an escort. 
 She gets pregnant by a john. 
 She comes down to the munificent society... 
 Yeah. They tell her to give her baby up for adoption. 
 They'll give her money. 
 Maybe enough to start a whole new life. 
 Look, we know Ming-Tai was pregnant. 
 Was she going to give up her baby? 
 For money? 
 Yes. 
 How much? 
 5,000 dollar. 
 They say she will get after she have baby. 
 Who said? 
 She called phone number. 
 They say... go to clinic... for doctor appointment. 
 Is this the phone number? 
 Do you know who she saw there? 
 American doctor. 
 He only is there on Thursdays. 
 Okay. 
 MAN:  I'm a fertility doctor. 
 I help women get pregnant. 
 I don't really see how I could help you find this girl you're looking for. 
 Do you work at the Munificent Society Clinic in Chinatown? 
 Uh, I do pro bono work for them occasionally. 
 Right. Every Thursday. 
 Okay. You ever see one of these? Um... 
 No. Never have. 
 Well, it says they offer money to pregnant Chinese women for their babies. 
 Really? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Wh-why would I be involved with something like that? 
 I... I have a thriving fertility practice. 
 All right. Okay. Excuse me. 
 Actually, about that thriving fertility practice-- 
 what's a cycle of IVF run you, about? 
 Anywhere between $12,000 
 and $15,000 a cycle. 
 Is that right? 
 But a healthy Chinese baby will get you, what, 45, 50 grand... cash, off the books? 
 That's like a year's worth of IVF right there, isn't it? 
 Maybe. 
 I mean, because people like to adopt Chinese babies. 
 They're smart, grow up to be future doctors, like yourself. You know what? 
 I find this entire conversation offensive. Excuse me. 
 (car door slams) 
 He's sensitive. He's very sensitive. 
 RENZULLI: Get some mustard, sauerkraut, please? 
 Want a dog? No. 
 Sure? Yeah. 
 Had a nice little visit with the good folks at I.A. this morning. 
 Yeah? What did they ask you? 
 You know I'm not supposed to talk about that, right? 
 Strict confidentiality. 
 They take that very seriously. 
 I understand. 
 They wanted to know if you did anything unusual on tour the day the guy died. 
 Unusual? Like what? 
 Like, did you stop to make any phone calls arranging to meet anyone? 
 Did you stop to make any calls at a pay phone? 
 Were you wearing women's clothing on that day? 
 What did you say? 
 I said you wore women's clothing every day. 
 If you don't want to talk about it, that's okay. 
 I'll tell you this, kid, I think they're focused on some woman. 
 Yeah, I told them I have no idea who she was. 
 See? And that's going to keep them curious. 
 You know I goof around a lot, right, but you'd be smart to take my advice on this-- 
 tell them who she is. 
 If you have to deal with the fallout at home, so be it. 
 Your girlfriend can forgive you. 
 But your name, your job... you lose that, you'll never get it back. 
 Yeah. 
 JACKIE: Look who came to dinner. 
 Dr. Warren Wakefield and his lovely wife, Nancy Wakefield. 
 Pillars of society, no doubt. 
 Background check turned up nothing on either one of them. 
 You want to make a little wager on what Nancy Wakefield's maiden name might be? 
 Yes, I do. Yes, I do. 
 Great. 
 I put ten dollars down on Chiu. 
 Really? 
 Thinking it's Nelson Chiu's sister? 
 You got a ten on you? Yep. Keep business all in the family. 
 All right, I'm gonna go with Eng. 
 Really? Our friend Dennis Eng from the Munificent Society, huh? 
 Yeah. Press the button. All right. 
 Oh. 
 Huh. Eng, it is. 
 Give me back my ten. 
 Nah. Huh. 
 (door closing) 
 Kind of late. 
 I'm starting to wonder if I did the right thing. 
 Goes with the territory. 
 The woman was screaming. 
 I knew something bad was going down. 
 It was instinct. 
 Any one of us would have done the same thing, Jamie. 
 Reagans don't punch out at end of tour. 
 That's why we became cops, isn't it? 
 The Academy teaches you skills, the street gives you experience, but it all comes down to your instinct. 
 This Internal Affairs thing is... 
 It's starting to feel like I'm the perp. 
 You know I won't talk about that. 
 I'm not asking you to. 
 I'm your father, but I'm also your boss. 
 I'm your son, but I'm also an NYPD police officer. 
 I think we're stuck with that. 
 Joe and Danny dealt with this when they came on and I was on the force, but if they got jammed up... it wasn't front page news. 
 You got the jackpot, Jamie. 
 Your dad's the police commissioner. 
 It goes with the territory. 
 (sighs) 
 I know Lieutenant Bello. 
 He's tough as they get. 
 But he's fair. 
 He investigated the guys in Joe's squad when he was killed. 
 You had anything to eat? 
 Pop made a meat loaf. 
 No, I ought to... I should get home. 
 Jamie... 
 Something else on your mind? 
 Thanks, Dad. 
 Jamie? 
 What are you doing up? 
 It's 3:00 
 in the morning. 
 Nothing. 
 A Lieutenant Bello from I.A. came to see me today. 
 He, uh... asked me if we had a fight yesterday, and if everything was all right between us. 
 And I told him everything was fine. 
 But the truth is, Jamie... 
 I really don't know. 
 Even when you're here, you're not here. 
 That's not true, Syd. 
 Jamie, my boss offered me a really great opportunity to work on a big case for the firm... in London for six months. 
 London? 
 Syd, look, I-I can't... 
 I know you can't... 
 Jamie... but I can. 
 And, uh... 
 I want to. 
 Syd, I was meant to do this job. 
 I know that. 
 And, uh... 
 I love you too much to stand in your way. 
 Your Dr. Wakefield is up to his neck in mortgages. 
 Really? 
 Yeah, he's hemorrhaging money from houses here, the Hamptons. 
 He's got a yacht, flying privately. 
 He's shelling out a lot more money than he's taking in from his private practice. 
 How's he coming up with the cash payments? 
 Well, I saw that they transferred ownership of the yacht to a holding company in Gibraltar. 
 The company's receiving regular wire transfers-- 
 $60,000, $70,000 
 four or five times a month. 
 $60,000, $75,000 a baby. 
 Yeah. Last transfer was five days ago. 
 The couple paid by check. 
 I got to run. I'm late for court. 
 Good work, sis. 
 Their address is in the file. 
 Keep me updated. 
 After we went through four cycles of IVF, Dr. Wakefield suggested we consider adoption. 
 This Dr. Wakefield-- 
 did he suggest anything more than that to you? 
 Well, he recommended we adopt a Chinese baby. 
 MAN: He said that the babies are always healthy because the mothers don't smoke or do drugs. 
 Um, that they're smart and they excel in American society. 
 Why are you asking us about Dr. Wakefield? 
 Uh, where did he say that the baby was coming from? 
 China, of course. 
 Did he tell you how you'd get the baby? 
 He said that someone would bring her to us. 
 MAN: His wife is Chinese and has political connections, so we wouldn't have to fly to China to get our baby. 
 Yeah, that's not the reason you're not going to China. 
 We believe that your baby is coming to you from a place much closer to home. 
 There are women in Chinatown who are being paid money to give up their babies for adoption. 
 Your baby's coming from one of those women. 
 Oh, dear God. 
 Did they tell you when you could expect the baby? 
 Uh... any day now. 
 Dr. Wakefield said that the mother is due this week, and we would have our baby soon after that. 
 My God, are we gonna lose this baby, too? 
 Dr. Wakefield's a real piece of work. 
 That couple had no idea what they were getting themselves into. 
 Ming-Tai probably didn't know what she was getting herself into. 
 Yeah, but you know, a lot changes in nine months. 
 She probably bonded with the baby, decided not to give it up. 
 The Triads don't want to hear about maternal instinct. 
 They want that baby, they're gonna get it. 
 This is a waste of my time. I am not gonna say a word until our lawyer gets here. 
 DANNY: Look, you want to save your ass? 
 You want to save both your asses? 
 Then you'll tell us where Ming-Tai is before those Triad goons find her, okay? 
 'Cause then you're looking at accessory to murder. 
 Okay. 
 Murder? 
 JACKIE: Ming-Tai changed her mind. She doesn't want to give up her baby. What do you think's gonna happen to her? 
 Warren. 
 Honey, please. 
 We are just gonna wait until the lawyer gets here. 
 DANNY: That's a good idea, Doc. 
 That way, by the time he tells you to spill your guts anyway, Ming-Tai'll be dead. 
 When's she due, by the way? 
 Soon. 
 Honey, please, just shut up. 
 OFFICER: Detective. 
 Excuse me. 
 You know, don't worry about it. 
 I mean, the baby's good to go anyway. 
 Who needs the mother, right? 
 They'll just take the baby out. 
 Kill Ming-Tai. 
 Dispose of the body, whatever. 
 Okay, the precinct squad is over at the Munificent Society now and two officers are bringing in Dennis Eng. 
 DANNY: Beautiful. All right, time for us to go and arrest your brother. 
 Sure you don't want to say anything? 
 No. 
 Great. 
 No, she's not there. 
 Nancy, I said shut up! She's not there! 
 No, I said shut up. 
 No, you shut up! I said shut up! 
 Now let her speak. 
 (sighs) 
 Go ahead. 
 This all started with Dennis, my brother. 
 He'd see these girls come into the center pregnant, no husband, not a dime to their names. 
 He came to us, said, "You know all these rich white people 
 "who can't have babies, they could give a good life to these unwanted ones." 
 But you do realize that selling babies is illegal for a reason? 
 It was supposed to benefit the girls and us. 
 But then Dennis got the Triad involved, and now we pay them a cut to keep their eyes on the girls, make sure that they keep up their end of the deal. 
 Is this what's happening to Ming-Tai? 
 Yes, she's due today. 
 Where are they? 
 We need you to tell us where they are. 
 The Triad has their own doctor, Dr. Yi. 
 His office is at Bayard and Mott Street. 
 (muffled sobbing) 
 (gunshot) 
 Turn around, punk! Police! Back up! 
 Turn around, get against the wall! 
 (shouts) 
 Get down! Stay down! 
 Stay down! 
 Don't you move! 
 Stay right there. 
 It's okay. It's okay. 
 I'm a police officer, okay? 
 (gasping) 
 Are you Ming-Tai? Are you Ming-Tai? 
 My baby! Are you Ming-Tai? 
 My baby! 
 DANNY: It's all right. 
 Your baby's gonna be okay. Your baby's gonna be all right. 
 My baby... No one's gonna take your baby away from you now. 
 Manhattan detective. We need a bus to this location. 
 (sobbing) 
 It's okay. 
 You're gonna be okay. She's all right. 
 You're gonna be all right. 
 (sobbing continues) 
 So, the woman you were seen talking to in Chinatown on the night in question has come forward. 
 She has? 
 Let's see what she has to say. 
 Kathleen Ryan. 
 I'm Lieutenant Bello. 
 This is Officer Jamison Reagan. 
 Can you tell me if Officer Reagan is the man you saw on Tuesday night? 
 Well, he wasn't wearing his uniform, but yes, that's him. 
 And you had a conversation with Officer Reagan. 
 Is that correct? 
 Well, not exactly a conversation. 
 I asked him for directions. 
 Directions where? 
 To Canal Street. 
 I came to New York from Pittsburgh to go shopping. 
 I wanted to get a Gucci bag for my sister and me. 
 Honestly, they're not real Gucci, but you can't tell the difference. 
 I hope that's not illegal. 
 We don't have to worry about that right now. 
 What did you do after Officer Reagan gave you directions? 
 I started walking to Canal Street. 
 What did Officer Reagan do? 
 I don't know. 
 Okay. 
 Thank you very much, Miss Ryan. 
 Officer Reagan helped me, and when I saw the article in the paper, I just... I wanted to return the favor. 
 Thank you. 
 (door opens) 
 (door closes) 
 Well, I guess that wraps things up, then. 
 JACK:  ...through Christ our Lord. 
 Amen. 
 ALL: Amen. 
 Good job. 
 HENRY: And pass the ammunition. 
 Just one for me. Thank you. 
 (sneezes) 
 Bless you. 
 Thanks. 
 Have some more peas. 
 Everybody, I have an announcement. 
 I've decided that I want to be the first female Reagan to become a cop. 
 HENRY: Attagirl! 
 No kidding, huh? 
 Was that what that was all about? 
 LINDA: What what was all about? 
 Nicky was grilling me about why I became a lawyer instead of a cop. 
 And I appreciate your honesty, Mom. 
 Yeah, what'd you tell her, Mom? 
 It's because all of us cops are stupid and you're such a genius? Yeah, basically She said she didn't feel the call. 
 Kind of like being a priest in that way. 
 But only in that way. Amen. 
 And while I think it would be fun to be a lawyer... 
 Yeah, barrel of laughs, being a lawyer. 
 ...I want to carry on the tradition that Great-Grandpa Henry started and Grandpa passed on to Uncle Danny, Uncle Joe and now to Uncle Jamie. 
 I want to be a cop, too. 
 God help me. 
 DANNY: Come on. Am I that bad? 
 JACK: Mom, is it because it was so sad when Uncle Joe got killed? 
 That's a big part of it, honey. 
 Okay. 
 Hey, Jamie, we got your favorite-- pot roast. 
 Sorry I'm late. 
 No Sydney? 
 No. 
 Hey, Jamie... your niece just said that she wants to be a cop and carry on the family tradition. 
 What do you think, Uncle Jamie? 
 It's complicated. 
 It's a commitment. 
 It's not just a job, it's your whole life. 
 And you're not just a cop, you're a Reagan. 
 In a lot of ways, I didn't know what I was getting into. 
 But I wouldn't trade it. 
 None of us would, kid. 
 Damn straight. 
 Well said, son. 
 HENRY: I didn't get any peas. 
 (women laugh) 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 