Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x12 - Family Ties - Blue Bloods 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x12 - Family Ties https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=196&t=12129 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/30/11 23:10 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x12 - Family Ties 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 To Maximilian Grushenko! 
 This party is a happy night for my humble establishment! 
 I lift my glass to the guests of honor, Sophia and my son Mischa. 
 We honor their engagement. 
 To my daughter and her young man, I wish you a glorious wedding, and a long and happy life. 
 Does the best man have a toast for us? 
 To Sophia and Mischa, I'll see you under the table, huh? 
 Kiss, kiss, kiss, kiss... 
 Now, I want to dance! 
 Perfect match, no? 
 Thank you for this wonderful party. 
 You have told your husband the wonderful news? 
 The last time that I took the bus up to Greenhaven. 
 Alex doesn't have too much more time, does he? 
 Eight and a half years. 
 In a late-breaking story, Deputy Mayor Randy St. Clair arrested this afternoon on charges of bribery and corruption. 
 St. Clair has served as the mayor's top deputy since his administration began. Wow. 
 Manhattan District Attorney Charles Rossellini had little to say to reporters who tracked him down tonight... 
 Hey, Mom, can I sleep over at Charlotte's house tomorrow night? Shh. 
 Yeah, I think that's a question that's, uh, better directed to Mr. St. Clair's legal counsel. 
 But I will say that this office has no intention Is that your boss on TV? of trying this case in the media. Yeah, that's Mr. Rossellini. 
 Sorry. I think that Mr. Sinclair will get his day in court, and so will we. He looks conceited. 
 So can I? 
 It is yet unclear how St. Clair's arrest ... 
 No. will affect the upcoming mayoral election, Maybe on Friday night. but considering the position Randy St. Clair holds in the current administration... 
 Are you gonna send that guy to prison? 
 ...what impact it will have. 
 That is somebody else's headache. 
 Politics. 
 Maybe. 
 Didn't Rossellini tell you the mayor was going to have problems? 
 He said next year's election. 
 Yeah, well, he's ahead of schedule. 
 I have to run to the ladies'. 
 Come here. 
 You are so hot. 
 You are such a bad boy. 
 You have no idea. 
 No! 
 No! 
 Mischa! Mischa! 
 No... 
 Reagan. 
 Brighton Beach? 
 You're kidding me. 
 Grushenko the mob boss? 
 His son? 
 What now? 
 I don't know. 
 Guy got killed at his own engagement party. 
 Hey. 
 Sorry I'm late. 
 A big rig flipped by the Gowanus. 
 Hey, I was getting ready to call in a missing persons on you. 
 No worries. Victim's still dead. 
 Three shots from a .38 
 will do that to you. 
 Two in the chest, one in the abdomen. 
 Single shooter, no shell casings found on the scene. 
 What other nuggets you got? Mmm. 
 How about an eyewitness? 
 Oh, eyewitness. Come on, Jackie. 
 It's Brighton Beach. You know those Russians look at us like we're the KGB. 
 So, of course, nobody saw anything, nobody heard anything. Right. What about video? 
 Owner of the club says he turned off the security cameras out of respect for Grushenko's privacy. 
 I mean, who takes out a mob prince at his engagement party? 
 Maybe the, uh, caterer who didn't get the party? 
 Ooh. Or... maybe somebody who's trying to send a message. 
 More likely. Who's in the box? 
 Uh, victim's fiancée and her mom. 
 No eyeballs on them, maybe we'll get a little profile. 
 How's the fiancée taking it? 
 Take a look for yourself. 
 Ooh... I know her. 
 What do you mean? 
 The mom. 
 I went to high school with her. 
 Her name is Anna Parnas. 
 A Russian Roman Catholic. 
 Yeah, it was either St. Anne's tartan plaid or a chastity belt. 
 Well, I'm guessing by the age of her daughter it wasn't the chastity belt that she chose. 
 What's her story? You guys friends? 
 14... we were friends, 15... we were soul mates, and 16... she was knocked up by a mob guy. That explains that. 
 Well, these Russians don't talk; even the women. 
 Maybe, since you got a little history with her, she might open up to you. 
 Why don't you take point? 
 Sir, the chief of Brooklyn South is here. 
 Bring him in. 
 Commissioner. 
 Maximilian Grushenko. 
 We don't know yet the significance of the event, sir; if it was a power play, a message, a personal vendetta. 
 The man's son was taken out. 
 Not a single witness from the party or the neighborhood. 
 In Brighton Beach, Baker, the community brought their suspicions of the police with them, when they immigrated from the Soviet Union. 
 You have a history with the father. 
 When I was deputy chief of Brooklyn South, We broke the Russian brigades, but all we could get on Grushenko was four years for fraud. 
 It seems the apple didn't fall far from the tree. 
 Young Grushenko traffics in counterfeit goods, bootleg cigarettes, exotic dancers. 
 And you should know, sir, your son Daniel's been assigned the case. 
 Why should I know that, Bob? 
 I'm the police commissioner; I don't assign detectives to cases. 
 Have all tours in the 5-6 extended. 
 Grushenko will want revenge. 
 I don't want bodies piling up in my city. 
 Yes, sir. 
 I guess I heard you were with the police. 
 And I guess I heard you married Alex Vayakovsky. 
 You lost your accent. 
 Poor little immigrant. 
 That wasn't for me. 
 Um... okay, Sophia, so how long were you looking for your fiancé 
 before they found him? 
 I don't know. 
 About an hour, maybe. 
 And do you have any idea what he was doing back there? 
 I don't know, and I don't care. 
 I'm assuming, then, you know how he was found, with his, uh... belt undone, his zipper down? 
 Girls threw themselves at Mischa. 
 He was handsome and rich and cool... but he loved me. 
 Okay. 
 So, then, do you know who he was back there with? 
 No. 
 I'm assuming you know that Mischa was part of the family business. 
 So his murder doesn't count, because you call him a gangster? 
 I'm not saying that. 
 We'll hunt down his killer just like we would anyone else's, but that's why I'm asking you. 
 I need to know who had a motive to kill Mischa. 
 Was it a jilted lover, a business rival... 
 He was his father's son. 
 What do you think? 
 I don't want to talk about this anymore. 
 I want to go home. 
 You know, not to be insensitive in your time of grief, but since you had motive... 
 You think I killed Mischa? 
 I don't know. 
 Maybe you followed him, and saw him with another woman. Wouldn't be the first time in history a woman pulled the... 
 This is outrageous. 
 We came here to help, and now we're being accused? 
 All I'm saying is you probably shouldn't leave the tristate area until we get this checked out. 
 You were always jealous of me, Jackie. 
 But to take it out on my daughter? 
 Come on, honey. 
 That went well. 
 Good morning, Reagan. 
 Hello, sir. 
 Watch any TV last night? 
 No. The Roller Derby doesn't come on until the weekend. 
 That's very funny. 
 Seriously, how'd I look? 
 Well, your tie was a little bold for TV. 
 Really? 
 I'm kidding, sir. 
 This one is no cakewalk. 
 We were forced to indict St. Clair a lot sooner than we would have liked. 
 Yeah. Why is that? 
 Well, he recently bought property in Montenegro, and we were worried he was going to flee the country. 
 Randy St. Clair is a well-liked guy... powerful friends in the mayor's office and the media. 
 This is a press case. 
 We're going to catch a lot of heat. 
 Well, comes with the territory, right? 
 I'm glad to hear you say that, Reagan. 
 Well, Good luck. 
 I guess you haven't had your coffee yet. 
 You're usually quicker on the uptake. 
 Excuse me? St. Clair... 
 He's all yours. Uh, sir, isn't that... 
 Kevin Firestone's case? 
 Firestone's a good man, dogged investigator, but I need my top gun on this one. 
 Sir, I'm flattered, but it's not fair to Firestone. 
 I wasn't asking your opinion, Reagan. 
 I'll handle Firestone. 
 You get the files, dig in. 
 Boris, you're his best friend. 
 You don't know anything? 
 I don't know nobody have beef with Mischa, at the party, anywhere else. 
 Word on the street is, you did a two-year stint for Mischa, you're like an adopted son to his old man. 
 What you got, some kind of Cain and Abel thing going on there? 
 If Grushenko think I harm Mischa, I already be chopped to pieces. 
 You see Mischa leave the party with anyone? 
 No, and if I did, why I tell you and not Maximilian Grushenko? 
 Because you'll be charged with hindering a prosecution. 
 What happened to your finger there, tough guy? 
 I slam it in a door. 
 This conversation is over. 
 Hey. You were the best man in Mischa's wedding. 
 You're gonna sit here and tell me you don't care who his killer is? 
 We even up on our own. 
 Don't worry about meal today, kid. 
 My wife made some fresh lasagna. 
 Yeah? Yeah. 
 I'll spring for the sodas. 
 She makes her own noodles, too. 
 Makes all the difference in the world. 
 You know that? 
 Nice. 
 Hey, did you hear about, uh, Lydia Gonsalves? 
 Who? 
 I thought you might know her. 
 Used to be on the job. 
 Worked warrants with, uh, your brother Joe. 
 Oh, yeah, right. What happened to her? 
 Yeah, she ate her gun. 
 She committed suicide? 
 Yeah. Shouldn't have pulled the plug on the job so soon. 
 Lots of cops get depressed when they vest out. 
 This one didn't even wait for the pension or disability. 
 It's too bad. 
 She was young. 
 Won the Medal for Valor, too. 
 Hi. Kevin. 
 I am sorry. 
 Sure you are. 
 Do you think I've been campaigning for this case? 
 Just don't flatter yourself that you got this case because you're some kind of hotshot trial lawyer. 
 You're being used. 
 Okay. 
 Rossellini gave you this case because your daddy is the mayor's handpicked commissioner. 
 This way, he insulates himself from charges he's going after the mayor... his political rival, remember? 
 You're just Rossellini's tool. 
 Be still my heart. 
 For a minute, I thought it was a customer. 
 Anna, we're gonna need to ask you a few more questions. 
 I'm sorry about the mess. 
 I had to let the last of my help go. 
 Ever since Alex went away, I have to work constantly just to keep the wolf from the door. 
 Oh, you mean, Grushenko's not helping you out? 
 There's no Maximilian Grushenko Charitable Foundation, no. 
 Well, your husband... this man... 
 Alex Vayakovsky's one of his brigade, isn't he? 
 Well, I didn't know what that meant when I married him. 
 Well, he's doing 20 years to life for disemboweling a man who owed him a little bit of money. 
 You know what that means? 
 Every day, I went to the trial, and every day, I sat there, and I listened, and I thought, how can this be the same man? 
 Who lived with me, who played with Sophia, who took care of us? 
 You never married? 
 Uh, for a minute, yeah. 
 No kids? 
 You know what. Enough about me. 
 Let's stick to the topic. 
 Um, you know anyone who'd have a motive to kill Mischa? 
 I thought I killed him. 
 Sophia, don't be fresh. 
 Why don't you ask Sergei Sokolov who killed him? 
 Impossible. 
 You know how upset he was that I was marrying Mischa. 
 You know those things he said. 
 Who is this Sergei Sokolov? 
 Nobody. 
 He's a sweet boy who works in a flower shop. 
 He had a boyhood crush on Sophia during high school, that's all. 
 You called me first, Reagan. 
 I did, Max. 
 You want something to drink, eat? 
 No. 
 You said it was a private meeting. 
 He's overprotective. 
 Oh. So it's an official visit? 
 It's a condolence call. 
 New kind of pain. 
 You lost a son, Reagan. 
 You understand. 
 I'm sorry for your loss. 
 And I'm sorry to see bloodshed return to Little Odessa. 
 This was my slip joint pocketknife. 
 American elk. 
 I gave it to Mischa when he turned 18. 
 I didn't want it back so soon. 
 I didn't want it back ever. 
 Do you remember the last time we sat together? 
 Very well. 
 I did my time. 
 You should still be there. 
 You want to find Mischa's killer, Commissioner? 
 I'm not stopping you. 
 Bury your son, Maximilian. 
 Take time to grieve. 
 Let us speak for Mischa. 
 You and your brigade sit this one out. 
 Sergei Sokolov? 
 Long time since cops came around for me. 
 Yeah, let's go in and talk. 
 Yuri? 
 These detectives want to talk to me. 
 I have work to do in the back. 
 Start putting these wreaths together for the funeral, okay? 
 Yeah. 
 The Grushenko funeral, huh? 
 Business must be booming. 
 Mischa was a friend of mine. 
 Yeah, we know. You used to run with him back in the day. 
 Until I figured out that life wasn't for me. 
 Yeah, good thing. 
 You had quite a record as a juvenile... vandalism, grand larceny, assault with a deadly weapon. 
 I had anger issues. 
 You know, back in Russia, my father was an engineer. 
 Here, the school janitor, all for a better life for me... 
 Family Court get me counseling, anger management. 
 Helped me turn my life around. 
 Is that when you and Mischa stopped becoming friends? 
 Or was it when he stole Sophia from you? 
 That was high school. 
 It was a long time ago. 
 Well, delivering all those floral arrangements to Sophia's engagement party must have really frosted you. 
 I brought the arrangements, and then I was a guest like everybody else. 
 You see Mischa leave the party with anyone? 
 I heard about it. 
 Disgusting he would screw around at his own engagement party. 
 He treated her like dirt. 
 So much for the anger management. 
 Got to take this. 
 Yeah? 
 Hey, Sergei, these guys friends of yours? 
 Those Grushenko goons? So what? 
 So what? 
 You see, those kind of guys aren't gonna give you a Miranda warning first like I would, that's so what. 
 I had nothing to do with-with this. 
 Right. 
 I mean, why are we here? 
 Why are they here? 
 You may want to change your mind about cooperating with us. 
 Otherwise, the next wreath might be your own. 
 Correction. 
 The next wreath goes to the owner of *Club Tatiana. 
 Well, he doesn't own Club Tatiana anymore. 
 Smells like singed hair. 
 No wonder. Look at the burn marks. 
 Somebody must have taken a welding torch to this guy before they jammed that knife in his skull. 
 Yeah. Grushenko or someone was looking for answers. 
 Like the identity of the Madame X who lured Mischa out to the storage room? 
 If there was a Madame X. 
 Or why he turned off these security cameras, because Grushenko obviously didn't do it for the privacy of himself and his guests. 
 This guy must have been begging to die before the end of this. 
 We got to figure out what this says, Jack. 
 Oh, yeah. 
 Uniform said it means, "Only the first." 
 Great. Well, who's next? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 You're looking at prime real estate in Tribeca waterfront. 
 Perfect for a 90-story skyscraper. 
 At least that's what Dick Meltzer thought. 
 The developer. 
 Unfortunately for Meltzer, that parcel was only zoned for a five-story mixed commercial, residential use, so he needed a heavyweight to rezone that parcel. 
 Randy St. Clair, Deputy Mayor for Development. 
 So Meltzer throws these big parties with St. Clair as the guest of honor. 
 What kind of parties? 
 Parties at the Axium Hotel with Madam Eva providing the girls. 
 Okay. 
 On June 11, Meltzer had his henchman deliver a bag full of cash to Josh Saunders, who was St. Clair's top aide. 
 Meltzer will testify to that? 
 Yeah, but here's the problem with Firestone's case. 
 We have two hookers and a madam to testify against St. Clair, a churchgoing father of four and the mayor's most trusted associate. 
 They are going to get destroyed in the cross-examination. 
 So we are left with Josh Saunders, our cooperating witness. 
 St. Clair's bagman. 
 Who worked for him for three-and-a-half years, never saw any other illegal activity the whole time. 
 This is what we got for the sweetheart deal he cut with Firestone? 
 The highest profile public corruption case this office has brought in years, and guess what? 
 This case... 
 It's on life support. 
 I don't know. 
 Saunders was willing to bag money for St. Clair once, I'm betting he did it plenty. 
 We need more on Saunders. 
 He's the key. 
 He came out of the Gulag. 
 Tough guy. 
 But the man I saw... 
 Nothing prepares you for the loss of a child. 
 I read your Fives... You got a suspect? 
 Well, I met with one of Grushenko's chief rivals in the exotic dancer supply business, this Albanian. 
 He pointed out the obvious... 
 It'd be suicide for any of those guys to take out Grushenko's kid. 
 Which leaves you with...? 
 Two suspects... the jealous fiancée... 
 And the rejected ex-boyfriend. Yeah. 
 This club owner, Dad, you think Grushenko took a blowtorch to him personally. 
 That'd be my guess. 
 And he'd already done it when I met with him. 
 I'm gonna get this son of a bitch. 
 Guys, dinner's on the table. 
 Okay. 
 So, Erin, this whole business with your boss and Randy St. Clair, suddenly he dumps it in your lap? 
 Can we not right now, Grandpa? 
 St. Clair? That's not Mom's case. 
 Well, that's not entirely true, honey. 
 I thought you said that was somebody else's headache. 
 And now it's mine. 
 How convenient. He waits for an election year to get his shorts into a knot about St. Clair's alleged shenanigans, and now a Reagan is lead attorney. 
 So what, we don't prosecute? 
 I don't know, the timing is a little suspicious, sis. 
 You know, these politicians, they all got their hands in the cookie jar. 
 It's the second oldest profession in the world. 
 Yeah, and every cop is on the take. 
 You know, when people take that view of the police department, we all resent it. 
 Exactly. 
 Doesn't this city deserve to have its business done honestly? 
 Yeah, Erin's right... I don't think the guy should walk. 
 Nobody's gonna walk. 
 But you're in the same administration. 
 You're tarred with the same damn brush! 
 I'm just surprised that a smart cookie like my granddaughter lets Rossellini use her that way. 
 That's enough, Pop. 
 Dad... Don't tell me that's enough! 
 I'll decide when it's enough! 
 Grandpa! 
 All right, maybe I shouldn't have said it... but it's still true. 
 Sometimes I think he forgets that I'm all grown up and can take care of myself. 
 He'll calm down. 
 I understand that some see it as... a zero-sum game. 
 As Rossellini's star rises, the mayor's falls, and... that could be bad for you. 
 Not your problem. 
 It's a big case, Dad. 
 I'm not gonna deny being excited about it. 
 Hey, I'm proud of you. 
 You got the highest conviction rate in the D.A.'s Office. 
 And yet, Grandpa thinks I'm being used, and so do a lot of people. 
 It's frustrating. 
 When I was promoted to deputy chief of Brooklyn South, my boss called me in his office and he told me straight out that he hired me because my dad was the police commissioner. 
 And he said he was bucking for chief of D's and he expected me to put in a good word for him. 
 Did you? 
 No. 
 Goes with the family business. 
 The Reagans are stuck with it. 
 Dad, you earned every position you ever got. 
 So did you. 
 
 
 
 You were Mr. Randy St. Clair's private banker. 
 You were responsible for transferring 
 $4.5 million of his money offshore to the Cayman Islands? 
 Transferring money offshore is not illegal. 
 If Mr. St. Clair doesn't pay his taxes, that's his responsibility. 
 I'm not talking about taxes. 
 I'm talking about kickbacks and bribery. 
 Where our client's money comes from is not our concern. 
 How about Josh Saunders' money? 
 We take the "Private" Part of "Private banking" Seriously, so unless you have a subpoena... 
 I'll have to consult my attorneys, of course. 
 You're free to do that. 
 Are they aware of how many trips you took to the Caribbean with Mr. Saunders? 
 Those were business trips. 
 Right. Of course they were. 
 Uh, Saint Kitts, Curacao, British Virgin Islands. 
 I see many business meals and many business suites shared with Mr. Saunders. 
 Well, last time I checked, that wasn't illegal, either. 
 You're right, it's not. 
 But what is illegal is facilitating Mr. Saunders to extort money from Mr. St. Clair and to hide said funds in a dummy foundation controlled by Mr. Saunders, and that will get you ten to 15. 
 It's my suggestion that cooperation may be the only card you have left to play. 
 What do you want to know? 
 Sergei, we subpoenaed your phone records, buddy. 
 We need to talk to you. 
 Hey... 
 Hey, I said we need to talk to you. 
 I've got nothing more to say. 
 You got nothing to say, huh? 
 You had plenty to say to Sophia and her mom on the phone before she got murdered, didn't you? 
 What's that all about? 
 I was trying to stop her from marrying Mischa. 
 And believe me, her mother wasn't trying to discourage me. 
 But she didn't think you'd go this far. 
 I'm not saying another word without a lawyer. 
 You know what that says to us when you lawyer up, right? 
 It means we're looking at the right guy. 
 Just makes us come after you harder. 
 Do what you got to do. Hmm? 
 What I have to do is deliver these flowers. 
 Knucklehead. 
 Sergei Sokolov? Mm-hmm. 
 Is he still breathing? Well, apart from the severity of his burns, he's got intra-abdominal bleeding from lacerations to the liver and spleen and a cranial hemorrhage from the concussive blast. 
 In English... is he gonna make it? 
 I'm not really optimistic, Officer. 
 What's the word? He's likely. 
 As you were. 
 Commissioner. Commissioner. 
 Chief Winston. You both okay? 
 Yes, sir. We're fine. 
 And the bombing victim? You mean the prime suspect in the murder of Mischa Grushenko, he's hanging on by a thread. 
 The techs in Bomb Squad are analyzing the explosive device. 
 First impression: sophisticated, cell-phone-detonated. 
 Remotely triggered? 
 Looks that way to them. 
 That doesn't fit Grushenko's M.O. 
 Are we gonna be able to tie this to his earlier bombings? 
 Not according to the Bomb Squad techs. 
 Those bombs in the '90s were simple pipe bombs. 
 This device is next-generation. 
 So new blood. 
 New blood, old lions. 
 Check with lnterpol, see if any of Grushenko's brigades qualifies. 
 Yes, sir. 
 I want Grushenko for this. 
 They say his people have a code of silence. 
 What they really have is a code of betrayal. 
 That's how we got the brigades the first time, and that's how we'll finish them now. 
 Yes, sir. 
 No one's turning my city into Baghdad. 
 Come in, Mr. Saunders. 
 Where's Kevin Firestone? 
 Kevin's moved on. 
 This is Erin Reagan. 
 Your cooperation agreement with us is based on telling the truth... 
 First with us now, and then when you take the stand. 
 Kevin ran that all down for me. 
 Yeah, that was before he knew you were extorting money from your boss, St. Clair. 
 I don't know what you're talking about. 
 No? Chelsea Cole? The dummy foundation? 
 St. Clair could hardly go to the authorities since you were pilfering money from his own ill-gotten gains, but maybe this will refresh your memory. 
 $2.3 million in five separate offshore accounts. 
 I guess you thought you and Chelsea were gonna have a good time after you served your token two-year bit. 
 Your deal with Kevin Firestone, it's off the table. 
 Here's the new deal. 
 You tell us every illegal act that you and St. Clair committed while he was in office, and then we'll decide what kind of deal you deserve. 
 If any. 
 I want my lawyer. 
 Yeah. Word to the wise: your friend, Chelsea Cole will not be waiting for you outside the Federal penitentiary when you finally get out. 
 Anyway, she's already cut her deal. 
 Reagan, why don't you have a couple detectives come in here and escort Mr. Saunders into Federal custody. 
 Wait. 
 I'll tell you. 
 All right. 
 Well, that ought to be enough pierogies to at least buy us a search warrant. Great. 
 Pierogies? What? 
 That was intel... our old friend Boris Litvinenkom? 
 Oh, from the cafe? 
 Yeah, Mischa's best man. 
 Turns out he's a former Uzbeki rebel with extensive bomb-making expertise. 
 Oh, that explains the missing finger. 
 Yeah, it does. Let's roll. 
 Freeze! Police! Freeze! 
 Back up! Back up! Get down! 
 Stay down! 
 Over here by the desk. Get down! 
 Get the Bomb Squad in here! Come on! 
 Look at this. 
 We got detonators, circuit boards... 
 It's like a Soviet Fourth of July in here. 
 What do you want to bet we find traces of PETN that match our bomb? 
 Hey, Boris, how you doing? 
 Sorry to bust in on you like that. 
 I have right to remain silent. 
 Yeah, well, you haven't heard what I have to say yet. 
 Perimeter secure! 
 Reagan, I just spoke to the doctor regarding Sergei Sokolov... he's conscious. 
 Great, let's go see if that knucklehead's wised up. 
 Yeah. Throw him in an RMP. 
 I'll tell you, Sergei, you're one tough man to kill. 
 I'm Russian. 
 Well, too bad you survived only to learn that we like you more and more for the murder of Mischa Grushenko. 
 N-No... 
 No? Well, Maximilian Grushenko thinks you killed his son. 
 Why shouldn't we? 
 Because I didn't. 
 Then who did? 
 I don't know. 
 You know, Sergei... 
 I think you do know a lot more than you're telling us right now. 
 I don't know who killed Mischa. 
 Then what do you know? 
 I know who took Mischa from party. 
 Who took Mischa from the party, Sergei? 
 Sergei, who took Mischa from the party? 
 Come on. 
 Her name is Svetlana Bayul. 
 Who is she? Where do we find her? 
 Dress shop. 
 She used to work at Anna Vayakovsky's dress shop. 
 That's your friend Anna's dress shop. 
 We have visitors. 
 The cops? 
 What do they want now? 
 Hello, Detectives. 
 Uh, my partner here and I believe we know who killed Mischa. 
 Sergei Sokolov? 
 No, darling, it wasn't Sergei. 
 Sergei was a very nice boy. 
 He'd never do such a thing. 
 Who was it then? 
 You want to tell her, Anna? 
 Come on, Mom. We know about the plane ticket you bought for Svetlana Bayul back to Kiev. 
 Her mother was sick. 
 Okay, and we know about the $2,000 money order you sent her on the day of the murders. 
 I don't understand. Svetlana who used to work here killed Mischa? 
 No, my love. 
 It was Svetlana who took Mischa from the party. 
 Svetlana was expecting I take a picture of her and Mischa to show you proof he was a very bad man. 
 She wasn't expecting I'd shoot him. 
 Shoot him? 
 Mama, you? 
 I tried everything to make you change your mind. 
 I didn't want you following in my footsteps. 
 So, it's better... her father, now her mother's in prison, as well? 
 There are different kinds of prison. 
 I traded one for another, so that my Sophia could be set free. 
 Yeah, good choice. 
 You have the right to remain silent. 
 Anything you say... 
 Yeah, I know all that. You can save your breath. 
 Good. Suit yourself. 
 This is how much I love you, Sophia, you understand? 
 Mother, no, please. 
 Tell me it's not true! 
 Mom, please. 
 We used to eat fries and drink Cokes after school. 
 What happened to you? 
 We were children. 
 Come on, Mom. 
 Take her right away. 
 That leaves Grushenko. 
 Wait until he tells his story in open court. 
 Gonna feel like you won the Super Bowl. 
 Well, not that it's about winning or losing. 
 Or politics. 
 Was this a tough sell to the clan? 
 I thought about that. 
 I bet you did. 
 Bet you didn't mind hurting the mayor one bit, either. 
 Hey, do you want to live in a city where the wealthy and the powerful can buy their own brand of justice? 
 I'm sorry, sir. 
 I'm tired of being the monkey in the middle on this one. 
 I should be going. 
 Do you want to live in a city where the district attorney can buy a drink for his ace prosecutor? 
 In theory? 
 In five minutes. 
 I'll get my coat. 
 Think I'm gonna have to get a little creative with this one. 
 Yup, do your thing. 
 You know I will. Hmm. 
 Make sure no one interrupts me. 
 What's this? You going to get heavy with me now? 
 And do what? 
 Chop off the rest of your fingers? Hmm. 
 Maybe break your arm in a few places? 
 The reality is, if I thought it would make you give up Grushenko, I'd be happy to do that. 
 Give up Grushenko. 
 Yeah, you're not gonna give up Grushenko. 
 I mean, why would you? 
 Well, here's the thing you don't seem to understand, Boris, and what Grushenko failed to tell you is that times have changed. 
 Yeah. And those bombs you make in that little Boom Boom Room of yours? 
 Those are now considered weapons of mass destruction. 
 That's Federal. 
 What you are saying? 
 It's a capital offense, dumb-dumb. 
 Death penalty? 
 Life without parole at best. 
 You don't get it, do you? 
 Boris, you're not like a son to Grushenko. 
 You're nothing to him. 
 He doesn't give a damn about you. 
 And for all he cares, you're gonna rot inside of a prison cell for the rest of your life for the hit that he ordered on Sergei. 
 Yeah. 
 And if I can tie you to the hit on the nightclub owner, guess what? 
 He's gonna let you take the hit for that one, too. 
 When all you really probably only did was just hold the guy down while Grushenko took a blowtorch to him and stuck a knife right in the side of his head and jammed it in... 
 I don't know what you're talking about. And jammed it in. 
 No. I don't. I-I... And he jammed it in... right through his skull and into his brain. 
 I don't know what you're talking about. 
 Yes, you do. 
 But you're not gonna give up Grushenko, are you? 
 No. 'Cause you're like a son to him. 
 Well, I got news for you, Boris. 
 You know what Grushenko's doing right now? 
 He's probably walking down the boardwalk grieving his real son, and laughing his ass off about you. 
 Feds are on their way, tough guy. 
 Hey, just wait. Wait. 
 Hey, come on, come back, eh? 
 Hey, just come-come back. Hey, just... come... 
 Come on, I give you Grushenko, okay? 
 For the nightclub guy! For... for everything! 
 Just come on, come back! 
 Come back! Hey, come on. Hey! Hey! 
 I give you entire brigade! 
 Come. Come on. Hey, come back. Hey! 
 Hi, Nicky. I just stopped off to have a drink with, um... with a colleague, and, uh, so have dinner without me. 
 I'll be home as soon as I can, okay? 
 All right. Love you. 
 How old is your daughter now? 
 Uh, 14. 
 It's a great age. 
 For what? 
 You're right. 
 That's a miserable age. 
 It's all coming back to me now. 
 I think about that, you know. 
 Your miserable adolescence? 
 Life with children, and what that would be like. 
 Well, considering you're a well-known ladies man and a workaholic, I don't think you're gonna have to find out any time soon. 
 I'm willing to change. 
 50%. 
 Which 50%? 
 I think I'm gonna treat myself to a cab tonight. 
 Nonsense. I'll drop you off. 
 It's really not necessary. 
 I insist. Look, I'm parked right up the block. 
 It really got colder since we went in there, didn't it? 
 Yeah. Here. 
 Oh, no. You said you were right down the... 
 Street. 
 I didn't ask for that. 
 You didn't? 
 Not bad. Nailed Grushenko. 
 I'm sorry about Anna. 
 Sacrificed her whole life for her kids. 
 Hope it's worth it. 
 Yeah, I know it's twisted logic, but... 
 I don't know. 
 Kind of makes sense to me. 
 Is that crazy? 
 No. Makes sense. 
 In some dark, gloomy, Russian kind of way. 
 Yeah. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 