Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x02 - Samaritan - Blue Bloods 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x02 - Samaritan https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=196&t=12119 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/12/10 16:40 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x02 - Samaritan 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 (subway train clacking) 
 All right, everybody listen up! 
 Everybody knows what time it is! 
 All the belongings in the bag. 
 Good work, Handsome. 
 Handsome regulates the neighborhood! 
 If you want to ride my train, you pay my toll. 
 Turn around! Turn around! Let me get your watch! 
 Turn around! Turn around! 
 (groaning) 
 (gunshots) 
 (plastic creaks, cracks) 
 HENRY: Don't force it. 
 I'm not forcing it. 
 It says a ten-year-old can assemble this thing. 
 I bet your wife could assemble it. 
 Dad, why don't you give me hand here, please? 
 You need a degree in mechanical engineering for that. 
 No kidding. 
 FRANK: How'd it go? 
 Aha! My favorite granddaughter. 
 Your only granddaughter. 
 Oh, you still playing with toys, Danny? 
 That's cute. It's for my son's birthday. 
 Well, if Mom were still alive, she'd tell you that was beyond your skill set. 
 DANNY: That's funny. Ha, ha, ha. 
 Wanna help? 
 Hey, the whole gang's here. 
 Hey, Jamie. 
 Hey, will you help me out here, college boy? 
 You're pathetic. 
 It says it's supposed to lock in. 
 Let me see this. 
 Glad you came over. You okay? 
 Yeah. Fine. 
 Boy, that's a relief. 
 'Cause if I were going through a divorce and my kid went on a long trip with her father, and I had to say goodbye, I wouldn't be fine. 
 I'll have a scotch. 
 She's just so happy about it. 
 Is it a nice trip? 
 Yeah. He's taking her to San Francisco. 
 But he doesn't even like San Francisco. 
 Sounds like a nice trip. 
 (phone rings) 
 Hold that thought. 
 Yeah? 
 What, when, and where? 
 (phone buzzing) 
 Oh, those damn things. 
 Reagan. 
 JAMIE: This is starting to hurt my head. 
 Yeah. Hey, you're gonna have to finish that on your own. 
 Hey, I gotta work-- I gotta work at midnight. 
 I'm supposed to leave five minutes ago. 
 See you Sunday, Grandpa. 
 First platoon. A rookie's lot. 
 Yeah, I understand. 
 I want regular updates, I want a breakdown of all the injuries, and I want to know who's assigned... 
 Hey. 
 Hey, a little help here! 
 (distant sirens wailing, indistinct chatter) 
 Hey. 
 What do we got? 
 Six perps, box cutters and knives, one gun, one camera. 
 We're still sorting out the specifics of the mayhem. 
 What's with the camera? 
 They were recording everything. 
 It's a good conversation piece. 
 Break out the wilding video at your dinner party. 
 Who pulled the cord? 
 Passengers in the next car. 
 They heard the gunshots, saw what was happening through the storm windows, did the right thing. 
 Everybody scrambles to the platform. 
 Looks like from the blood, they might have, uh, fled down to the tracks. Yeah, I know. 
 Clerks didn't see 'em go out either exit. 
 Got uniforms covering two stations-- north and south. 
 ESU and Canine are en route to sweep the tunnels. 
 A lot of blood. 
 AVA: Yeah. We still don't know why the shooting started or where the bullets went. 
 Recovered two casings from a nine, and I got anti-crime canvassing the hospitals. 
 No passengers were shot, as far as we know. 
 Hey, where you going? 
 I'm gonna go make myself useful. 
 (sirens wailing) 
 JAMIE: Hey, Danny! 
 Hey! Little brother! 
 What are you doing here? 
 We got a prisoner drop-off at the six-five. 
 Yeah, thought I'd show the rookie what a caper looks like. 
 Bunch of cops rubbernecking, looking to poach a collar, huh? 
 Nah. Hey, my partner's gonna be down there for a while. 
 She's got the car keys. You guys mind giving me a ride? 
 Yeah, where to? To the two train. 
 It's got an emergency exit over there, near the playground between Beverly and Church. 
 Just gonna make sure it's not popped. 
 JAMIE: You think that's how they got out of the tunnel? 
 Uh-huh. All right, come on. 
 Get in. 
 So, Sarge, you taking good care of my little brother? 
 Yup. First thing I told him was to imagine what you'd do, and then do the opposite. 
 Wow. That's good advice. 
 Now, if you just go straight on Nostrand, we'll get there quicker. 
 Hey, college boy, tell your brother the first rule of riding in my car. 
 Jamie, tell your boss I know Brooklyn better than a Manhattan cop. 
 This is me, keeping my mouth shut. 
 See? He's already doing the opposite. 
 That a boy, kid. 
 He's learning quick. 
 Son of a bitch! 
 DANNY:  Looks like they popped the subway hatch. Stop the car. 
 They're already out of the tunnel. 
 Hey, I got blood. 
 DANNY: It's not footprints, either. 
 Somebody must be hurt. 
 Hey, slow down, kid. 
 12 sergeant, need a 10-85 forthwith at Nostrand and Tilden. 
 Hey, kid. I'm the lead. 
 Hey! 
 Police! Let me see your hands. 
 Let me see your hands! 
 Put your hands in front! 
 Hands up! 
 Hey. 
 RENZULLI: This guy's gone. Looks like he bled out from under the stomach. Yeah. 
 RENZULLI: Buddies left him behind. 
 They left him to die. 
 Says a lot about who we're dealing with. 
 ♪ Blue Bloods 1x02 ♪ 
 Samaritan 
 Original Air Date on October 1, 2010 
 (low, indistinct conversation) 
 Chief Jeffords from Brooklyn South is waiting for you in the conference room. 
 Bronx Homicide made two arrests in last week's club shooting. 
 Report's on your desk. Report's on my desk? 
 There was another home invasion in Woodside. 
 Have the precinct commander here by noon to explain why. 
 Will do, Commissioner. 
 Train robbery? 
 Six perps-- male white, black and Hispanic. 
 Multiethnic gang. 
 Ages 16 to 20. 
 The leader had a 9mm pistol. 
 Witnesses have conflicting stories. 
 No one is sure why he opened fire, or at who. 
 But you have a dead perp. 
 Lee Cranston-- no arrests, no gang affiliations. 
 We're waiting on ballistics. 
 Our one theory is, uh, he was being tried out, did something wrong, they shot him. 
 But you have a better theory, Mike. (chuckles) 
 An accident. 
 The leader got excited, popped off a few shots, did us a favor. 
 Two witnesses I.D.'d the leader as Steven Jackson. 
 Street name: Handsome. 
 He's still at large. 
 Transit detectives like him for three other robberies on the number two line in Flatbush in the last month. 
 Not just robbery. Rape, aggravated assault... 
 It isn't just about the money with this kid. 
 He gets off on the violence. 
 I mean, controlling a trainload of people. 
 He's got the whole neighborhood terrorized. 
 Oh-- the camera is a new twist. 
 And the gun, an escalation. 
 Why the hell has he had time to escalate? 
 We're staked out on his mom's apartment; his girlfriend; we even reached out to Newark PD to sit on his cousin's house. 
 The last four weeks, he's been a ghost. 
 And the perps? No I.D.s yet. 
 We've arrested 12 of his crew off of the previous complaints. 
 But we take two off the street, Handsome recruits two more. 
 Transit Bureau triples coverage on every two line station from Atlantic to Flatbush, cop on every train, extra patrol coverage in Flatbush. 
 I want the community to know we're there for them. 
 Mm-hmm. Okay. 
 (clears throat) 
 AVA: Okay, after they started robbing people, what happened next? 
 MAN: I don't know. One of the guys-- 
 he had his knee on my head the whole time. 
 There was yelling. 
 Then I heard shots. 
 When he took his knee off of your head, did you see any faces? No, no. 
 I didn't get up for a while, and then when I did, they were gone. 
 And when you got up, did you see anyone hurt, anyone running? 
 MAN: Yeah, I mean, a few of us were pretty scared... 
 Excuse me, miss. You being helped? 
 They said to wait for Detective Hutchins. 
 Hotchkiss. 
 You related to Lee Cranston? 
 He was my cousin. 
 How'd you know? 
 I know what family looks like. 
 Why don't you come on with me? 
 Right in here. 
 It's okay. You can sit right there. 
 So, you saw the news last night? 
 You know Lee was robbing people. 
 People on the train said Handsome fired some shots. 
 Do you know Handsome? 
 Everybody knows who he is. 
 Well, from what I hear, Lee was a good kid. 
 Never got in trouble with the cops. 
 Yeah. 
 So how he ends up robbing a train last night, I have no idea. Do you? 
 Do you know any of the other boys on the train, Denise? 
 No. 
 Denise, what I'm getting at is, that it was probably Handsome who shot Lee. 
 And even if Handsome didn't shoot him, he left him on a park bench to bleed to death. 
 Are you okay with that? 
 Handsome and his boys... 
 You don't know what it's like. 
 He owns Flatbush. 
 People are scared to ride on the train at night and nobody knows where he's going to show up and... everybody knows you can't catch him. 
 Yeah, that's why we need help, Denise. 
 So here's the thing. 
 The way I knew you were here for Lee-- 
 you looked like someone who was feeling real loss. 
 (sniffling) 
 Can I go? 
 Tell you what. 
 When you think about it and you decide that Lee deserves what you can do for him... 
 I'll be on the other end of the phone. 
 (sighs) 
 When you said you were buying breakfast-- thanks. 
 You're welcome. Rookie salary. 
 Plus, I got grand jury in 20 minutes. 
 So how you liking the other side? 
 I didn't realize cops and D.A.s were on opposite sides. 
 Oh, wait until I tell you your collar won't hold up and decline prosecution. 
 You'd do that to me? My own sister. 
 Opposite sides. 
 Any good war stories? 
 Renzulli says I can't tell war stories till my second partner. 
 Saw my first dead body last night. 
 And, of course, Danny had to be the one to show it to me. 
 He found it, in fact. 
 If you were 12, he would have made you kiss it. 
 Are you okay? 
 Yeah. Why? 
 Because everything's not okay. 
 Problems with Sydney? 
 It's an adjustment. 
 We're... adjusting. 
 I threw her a big curveball. 
 Get engaged to a lawyer, suddenly you're looking at marrying a cop. 
 In spite of what the priests say, marriage isn't a contract, it's an ongoing negotiation. 
 Yeah. 
 Not that I know anything about marriage, right? 
 John had everyone fooled, except for maybe Dad... and Danny. 
 And Grandpa. 
 Okay, so he had me fooled. 
 (laughs) 
 Yeah. 
 M.E. pulled a .38 
 out of Lee Cranston. 
 Handsome was shooting a nine. 
 There was a second gun? 
 We're waiting on ballistics. 
 It was a stomach wound. 
 Could be that Lee had a gun, was pulling it out, accidentally shot himself. 
 Then Handsome reacts to the gunfire. 
 We recovered two of his nine-millimeter slugs from one of the seats. 
 Lee Cranston shoots himself and no one sees? 
 Half the vics are on the ground, the other half are getting roughed up and robbed. 
 It's their instinct to try not to make eye contact. 
 Or could be maybe one of the other perps had a reason to shoot Lee or maybe one of the vics had a gun, too. 
 Lot of maybes. 
 I still have two vics to interview. 
 Patrol got their information, but they left the scene before we got there. 
 What about the other four perps? 
 No I.D.s, no known associates? 
 The 6-5 picked up every kid involved in the previous robberies. 
 I think Handsome just crewed up with all new mopes. 
 Explains what a marshmallow like Lee Cranston was doing with him. 
 AVA: Handsome is out there somewhere, boss. 
 I could use some more bodies. You've got Reagan. 
 He's worth four of us mere mortals. 
 Three. Three, anyway, Sarge. 
 (indistinct shouting and yelling on video) 
 Intel came across this doing one of their periodic data mines at one of the known gang Web sites. 
 Mostly it's disses of other gangs and bad poetry. 
 You get some special mentions. 
 Must be doing my job right. 
 Who put this up, Jennings? 
 It's an anonymous Internet tag. 
 I want you to say hello to all the folks at home. 
 Wave, say hi. 
 Hi. 
 Kid likes to see himself on camera. 
 If they were smarter, it would take us longer to catch them. 
 This is how I manage it. 
 It's like my old man always says: if they were smart, we'd never catch them. 
 Pull some stills of the video and start canvassing Flatbush. 
 Put together some photo arrays. 
 And then the Spanish one took my purse and the, uh, one in the red shirt with the knife-- 
 he said they should rape me. 
 That's what he said? Yeah. 
 Maybe it was the Spanish one. 
 I was scared, but then another one said no and then one of them grabbed my arm. 
 That's when the man sitting next to me shot them. 
 You saw the shooting? 
 Yeah, well, he put his hands in his pockets and I heard gunshots and saw smoke. 
 Can you tell me what this guy looks like? 
 You know what? I think she should take a look at this over here. 
 All right, let's go. 
 Okay, I'm gonna play this video quarter speed. 
 You tell me if you recognize anyone. 
 WOMAN: Yeah, right there-- stop, stop. 
 This guy? You sure that's him? 
 Yeah. Do you know when he got on? Yeah, 42nd, same as me. 
 Did he say anything to you? 
 Did he know the guys who attacked you? 
 He was as scared as the rest of us. 
 A Good Samaritan shooter. 
 Imagine that. 
 WOMAN: Yeah, well, I wish he'd shot all of 'em. 
 JEFFORDS: We've reinterviewed the passengers. 
 A few remember seeing him, but none of them know who he is. 
 FRANK: And the squads? Nothing. 
 Work boots are scuffed, gloves in his pants pockets. 
 Jacket's worn, couple years old. 
 JEFFORDS: Construction maybe? 
 FRANK:  Daily News  turned to the sports section, wedding ring. 
 He doesn't look down or away. 
 He slides forward in his seat. 
 His instincts are to protect the woman sitting next to him. 
 This man has a family and a job. 
 People know him, people like him. 
 Give his picture to the press. 
 Somebody will recognize him. 
 Great! Then we get to lock him up for stopping a rape. 
 See if you can shut down this Web site. 
 Handsome put himself on the Internet to get attention. 
 Let's make sure we don't give him any more than we have to. 
 Well, the reporters are going to want to know where the picture came from, and even if we don't tell them, they're gonna find the video sooner or later. 
 I'm all right with later. 
 DANNY: These are the best stills from the robbery video. 
 Not much on the other perps, huh? 
 No, Handsome made sure the camera was on Handsome. 
 Meanwhile, 15 people on the train, and only one sees the Samaritan shoot Lee Cranston. 
 Reagan, Hotchkiss, check this out. 
 REPORTER: It was a stunning scene just 20 minutes ago at the 65th Precinct, as Oliver Young, known only to the police as the Subway Samaritan, surrendered himself to reporter Kelly Davidson. 
 You'll hear Kelly's account and an exclusive interview with the Samaritan here. 
 What kind of guy surrenders to a TV reporter? 
 The 21st century kind. 
 Get him out of the 65 
 before the whole damn neighborhood shows up to coronate him. 
 (OLIVER over TV) 
 I'm convinced that, that somebody was going to get killed. 
 I just hope that everyone understands that I did what I felt was, was right. 
 Well, I-I can't say that anyone in your position would have done that, but we are very, very thankful that Oliver did. 
 Thank you so much for sharing this with us. 
 I'm Kelly Davidson, Channel 10 News. 
 (TV ANCHOR) And that was exclusive coverage... 
 (WOMAN over phone) 
 Hey. 
 I just saw you on TV. 
 Aw. 
 Was I squinting? 
 'Cause I had to look into the sun. 
 Your eyes were crystal clear. 
 I want to see you. 
 Yeah, I can move things around. 
 Me, too. 
 (sighs) 
 I was doing drywall work in Queens-- 
 a restaurant-- after hours mostly, off the books. 
 I've been held up twice on my way home. 
 I can't afford to lose the cash I've been making. 
 The gun was for protection. Yeah. 
 Where'd you get it? 
 I'd rather not say. 
 DANNY: Come on, Oliver, you got to give us something more than half of New York already heard from you and Kelly Davidson. 
 LAWYER: Mr. Young is talking to you voluntarily and against the advice of counsel. 
 I'd recommend you not press him. 
 I'm not pressing him, Counselor. 
 You were on the train... 
 I wasn't going to do anything. 
 That one had a gun, and I knew it was going to get bad, but then they started getting mean, hurting people, laughing about it, and they were serious about hurting that girl. 
 That's when you shot him. Someone had to stop it, and then everyone started running, and I... 
 I've got a robbery arrest from when I was 18, so I know what it means that I was carrying that gun. 
 But I haven't done a wrong thing since that arrest. 
 I've got a life, a family. 
 And then I heard that boy I shot died and... 
 Oliver, I'm going to tell you one more time: stop. 
 I wasn't... I was already thinking about turning myself in, and then I saw that picture in the paper. 
 My wife saw it, too. 
 I didn't want you people kicking in my door, dragging me away in front of my son. 
 AVA: So you called the news? 
 Kelly Davidson seems good on TV. 
 I figured that way at least I'd get my side of the story out. 
 DANNY: Wait a minute. 
 You didn't think we would listen to your side of the story? 
 How'd you do? 
 AVA: Nothing he didn't say on Channel 10. 
 Well, except for the part about him not trusting the cops to give him a fair listen. 
 AVA: He says he tossed the gun, but between the confession and the video, we got our case. 
 Reagan processes the Samaritan, you get back to the robbery. 
 Sure thing, Sarge. 
 (clears throat) 
 Reagan. 
 Let's get this punk Handsome by the book, huh? 
 That's Young's wife-- she's been waiting out there for hours to talk to him. 
 Poor b*st*rd is going to do time for doing the right thing with the wrong gun. 
 Detective, some kid outside wants to talk to you. 
 Yeah. Said she doesn't want to come in again. 
 Again? 
 I saw that guy on the news, talking about shooting Lee. 
 Yeah, Denise, you know... No, no, look, I don't blame him for what happened. 
 He was standing up to Handsome even though he was afraid. 
 I thought about that and I thought about what you said. 
 Lee didn't even want to run with them. 
 Why did he? 
 Bunch of Handsome's crew got locked up, so he started jumping in new blood. 
 Right. Why Lee, though? 
 Denise, come on, why'd they pick on Lee? 
 Lee's friend Dante started up with them. 
 Lee was afraid to say no. 
 You know, another boy said no and they put him in the hospital. 
 Lee went up to the Bronx to stay with our aunt, but they found him. 
 Said he had to join up since he knew that Dante was in it. 
 Okay, who is this Dante guy? 
 Dante Vandos. 
 I used to go with him before he got all crazy. 
 It wasn't right. 
 They could've taken him to a hospital. 
 Denise, do you know where we can find Dante and Handsome and his crew? 
 I know where all those boys stay. 
 (hip-hop music playing in distance) 
 (hip-hop music playing) 
 (indistinct chatter) 
 (hip-hop music continues) 
 Get down! Get on the ground! 
 Down on your knees! 
 Hands up! 
 Hands on your head! 
 AVA: Police! Freeze! 
 Hold it, punk! 
 AVA: Freeze! Right there! 
 (grunting) 
 Get on your face! 
 Turn around! Turn around! Get on your face! 
 Hands! 
 Don't even think about moving! Hey, hey! Shut up! 
 Don't move. 
 
 
 
 Please tell me you got Handsome down there. 
 He's not down there. 
 (sighs) 
 Great. 
 DANNY:  Come on, Dante, do yourself a favor here. 
 Even if I knew where he was... 
 I still wouldn't tell you. 
 AVA: You figure Handsome's gonna take care of you? 
 His last crew is sitting in Rikers thinking the same thing. 
 You don't rat on a man with Handsome's stature. 
 Stature. 
 Handsome has profile with half the gangs in the city. 
 This is not someone you want after you. 
 Matter of fact, can I have my lawyer now? 
 (church bells tolling) 
 I'm just saying that if people were allowed to carry guns, maybe these animals would give it a second thought before they robbed a train. 
 If everyone on the train had a gun, then maybe more people would have gotten killed. 
 I don't mean  everyone  has a gun. 
 You have guns, right, Grandpa? 
 I'm a cop, Jack. 
 DANNY: Hey. Sorry I'm late. 
 Hi, babe. Hi. 
 Had to finish up a collar. Here's my backup. 
 Plate's in the kitchen. 
 No shoptalk while he eats. 
 Erin, what do you hear from Nicky? 
 Bad question. 
 ERIN: Having the time of her life. 
 Suddenly her dad's all pony rides and presents. 
 Son of a you know what. 
 I know what. Well, you better not say it. 
 (whispers): Sorry. DANNY: Well, he is her dad. 
 He's not gonna stop loving her. Whose side are you on? 
 I offered to punch the guy out, remember? 
 If anyone's gonna punch my ex out, it's gonna be me. 
 Wouldn't mind being there to see that. 
 HENRY: I mean, the law's coming after this guy because he's carrying a gun. 
 And the only reason we know he had a gun is because he used it to stop a robbery. 
 We can't choose which laws we enforce, Pop, you know that. 
 So let's concentrate on robbery and murder and rape, and we'll get to the Good Samaritans after we're done with the jaywalkers. 
 DANNY: Erin, what do you know about this guy, Blake Phelps? 
 Good lawyer. 
 Yeah? He tough? 
 Not as tough as me. 
 Who is? 
 But no pushover. Why? 
 Did he pick up the Samaritan case? Yeah. I'm just wondering if he's someone I could talk to like a human being, or if it's just another notch for him. 
 Well, it's a press case, Danny. 
 It's anyone's notch. 
 Oliver Young has a felony record, and he bought a gun illegally. 
 Well, he bought it for self-defense. 
 I'm not defending him; I'm just saying. 
 It sounds kind of like you are. 
 FRANK: New York does have a zero-tolerance policy for gun crimes. 
 Hey, whose side are you on? 
 Yeah, Dad, whose side are you on? 
 (sighs) I think Oliver's got a big problem, and his situation deserves a little more careful consideration and a little less taking sides. 
 HENRY: Ooh-hoo. 
 That sounds like  my  side. 
 (chuckling) 
 (chuckles) 
 So, hypothetically, what kind of mistakes might hurt the prosecution in the Samaritan case? 
 I mean, it was very chaotic the night we brought him in. 
 Uh, maybe we forgot to Mirandize him or something? 
 Are you asking me advice on dumping a case? 
 That's collusion, Danny. No, it's mercy, okay/ 
 It's mercy for a guy who stood up to those guys on the train. 
 You have 15 years on the job. 
 You've seen good guys get jammed up before. 
 What's... Yeah, okay, and so, maybe this time I can do something about it. 
 Come on. I mean, this guy trusted his story to a hairdo on TV, because he thinks all the cops want to do is make another arrest. 
 I don't work that way. 
 So who you proving this to, him or yourself? 
 (sighs) 
 Doesn't matter. 
 ERIN: He broke the law, Danny. 
 Sometimes the law actually works these things out for the best. 
 That's what it's there for. 
 I agree with your sister. 
 Especially with an un-apprehended perp to worry about. Yeah. 
 Well... Major Case is on it now, boss, and, uh, I'm back to work as of now. 
 So, how is the new assignment? 
 You wondering how you ended up there? 
 Yeah. 
 I mean, with the Campos case and the Internal Affairs investigation after it, maybe it might've been better if I got reassigned to the motor pool, Dad, you know? 
 Major Case is a bit of a stretch. 
 Looks like favoritism. Yeah, it does. 
 I know you always taught us not to care what anyone thinks... 
 And I don't care. 
 You know how this looks, Dad. 
 I think you're stuck with that, Danny. 
 And so am I. 
 But just to clear things up, I wanted you in motor pool, but I defer to my chief of detectives on those decisions. 
 Apparently, he thinks you have something to contribute. 
 (door swings open) 
 (door swings closed) 
 Hey, Kelly Davidson, tell me how it is you giving all this time to this shoot-and-run punk and you missing the real story. 
 Handsome is public enemy number one. 
 And the NYPD can't touch my beautiful ass. 
 Tomorrow I'm gonna rob another train, and this time it ain't gonna be one of my boys that's gonna get killed. 
 And I'm gonna give you exclusive footage to some real six o'clock news. 
 E-mailed to me this morning. 
 Anonymously. 
 We'd like a copy of the e-mail. Of course. 
 Channel 10 is proud of our long history as a friend to the NYPD. FRANK: Except when you're not. 
 It would be better if this did not get broadcast. 
 Well, that would be quite a concession on our part. 
 There was a lot of public sympathy for Oliver's interview. 
 And there's a lot of interest in seeing Handsome taken off the street. I share your interest. 
 I'd like to be there when you make the arrest. 
 You give me that, and I will hold back for 24 hours, or until the robbery happens. 
 (deep sigh) 
 Not much of a deal. 
 Obviously, I disagree. 
 It is the policy of this department not to jeopardize police officers' safety with the presence of reporters during an arrest. Is that a no? 
 That's a no. 
 Then it's a good thing that I already taped my exclusive for tonight. 
 Take a look-- 
 this might change your mind. 
 Have a good day. 
 Extend our coverage all the way into southern Manhattan. 
 A cop on every number two train and every platform, 24/7, until further notice. Do you know how many bodies that'll take? 
 Yes. 
 All right. 
 Let's go. 
 Where? We're supposed to be watching the station. 
 Yeah, we'll watch it on our feet. 
 Put your hat on, kid. 
 You don't learn about the street behind 2,000 pounds of steel and a rolled-up window. 
 Look around. Pay attention. 
 Let people come up to you and talk to you, tell you what's going on. 
 What do you see? 
 Broken glass. 
 Someone broke into a car. 
 Street-cleaning's on Thursday, so it happened over the weekend. 
 Okay, Harvard, maybe you  are  a Reagan. 
 Hope you're more your old man than Danny, though. No, offense, Sarge, what the hell's your problem with my brother? 
 My problem is making sure you don't get the wrong stars in your eyes. 
 He looked like an ace detective finding that body, right? 
 He didn't look like a screw-up. Off the top of my head, he did three things you better never do: leave his partner; not tell anyone where he was going; not call in the open subway hatch or the blood. 
 Danny's got skills, but he's got a lot of bad habits. 
 All right, kid? Yeah. 
 Come on. 
 Dress code seems to have relaxed around here. 
 Actually, I'm going out for drinks with some people, so... 
 Drinks with some people. 
 Work people. You know, do a little networking. 
 Better than going home to an empty apartment, I guess. 
 Didn't realize how much I was gonna miss that nightly dose of teen angst. 
 I was going through, uh, some stuff a while ago. 
 I... was down the street at a dedication, so... 
 I found this. 
 "Dear Mom, you don't understand what I'm going through." 
 I was 11. Ran away to Grandpa's house. 
 Took me two days to come home. 
 Kept thinking you were gonna come get me, and you never did. Your mom wouldn't let me. 
 I always felt she understood you better than I did. 
 Even when you two were fighting. 
 Nicky could have written this to me last week. 
 We  weathered the storm. 
 I see no reason to believe that you won't, too. 
 I think you understand me pretty well, Dad. 
 Thanks. 
 (indistinct police radio communication) 
 Hello. 
 Ah, Oliver Young. 
 The Subway Samaritan, huh? 
 Mm-hmm. Well, you're just in time. 
 We're about to move him from general holding into the dorms. 
 Great. I need to show him a few photo arrays. 
 (alarm blaring) 
 (groans) Another day in the pens. 
 (men clamoring, alarm blaring) 
 (alarm continues) 
 Yeah, yeah, yeah! Go, go! 
 GUARD: Call the bus! 
 Call the bus! 
 He's been stabbed! Oliver! 
 In the hall! Clear it! 
 OLIVER: They were moving a bunch of us. 
 Kid came out of the pack. 
 I saw him out of the corner of my eye, or else he would've gotten more than one in. 
 You recognize him, from the neighborhood, maybe? Anything? 
 Nah, man. 
 I was getting looks. 
 I know when something's up, so I asked around. 
 Found out Handsome put five Gs on my head because... because I shot his boy, I guess. 
 No, no, no, no, Handsome put five Gs on your head because you stood up to him. 
 I don't want to be anyone's hero. 
 I just want my life back. 
 We've got a cop outside, and we'll arrange for protective detention. 
 (OLIVER scoffs) 
 Protective detention? 
 For how many years? 
 Oliver, look, we want to get this kid. 
 Okay? So I know we've been over this already, but is there anything you can remember, anything they said, or did, when they got on the train? 
 Handsome didn't get on. 
 What do you mean? 
 I saw him in the last car at 42nd Street, he jumped off one car and got in another, clocking the platform for cops. 
 I knew he was trouble, so I went up to the front of the train to avoid him. 
 He was alone? 
 You know what's messed up? 
 I play it over in my head. 
 I think if I'd just sat tight, let it all happen... 
 I'd be home right now. 
 Handsome rides the train, alone, into Brooklyn. 
 Yeah. He calls up his crew, tells them which station to wait at. 
 They meet up, do the robbery, and Handsome fades away again. 
 We've been hunting him all over Flatbush 
 'cause that's where he hits, that's where his boys keep getting collared, but he could be anywhere in the city. 
 Anywhere north of 42nd Street, anyway. 
 After that video, he's got to know we got the two train covered. 
 I mean, there's no way he's going to hit there tonight, is there? 
 Yeah, but there's no way he's not going to hit somewhere. 
 (sighs) 
 26 lines, 
 468 subway stations. 
 I read it somewhere; it stuck. 
 Let's attack this from a different angle. 
 DANNY: Handsome's also got a farebeat arrest in April on West 4th Street and a DisCon summons in June at 31st Street and Northern Boulevard. 
 Is that all? That's it. 
 Every police contact, every known associate and relative home and work address for Handsome for the past six months. 
 Now we have to find a pattern to his movements. 
 So, what do we got? 
 Manhattan, Queens, Brooklyn-- he's all over the place. 
 Looks like someone fired a 12-gauge shotgun at the map. 
 Yeah, but they missed the Bronx. 
 You know, Lee Cranston's cousin Denise said that that's where Lee went to hide, right on the two line, and Handsome found him there. 
 Think it's a coincidence that's the one place Handsome's never been in trouble? 
 What about Staten Island? 
 There's no subway in Staten Island. 
 See if you can find anything on the other perps in the Bronx. 
 Hey, Denise. This is Detective Reagan. 
 Yeah. Where did your cousin Lee hide in the Bronx? 
 He was at a bar at 147th and Willis. 
 Thank you. Dante Vandos, Lee's friend. 
 And Denise's boyfriend. 
 He wasn't as careful when he went to the Bronx. 
 A farebeat summons from 149th and Third on the number two, and a stop and frisk from Westchester and Courtland. 
 Looks like we just made the choke on the shotgun a little bit smaller. 
 Still doesn't tell us where he's gonna hit, though. 
 Yeah, but we don't need to know where he's going to hit if we know where he's getting on the train. 
 Call the 51, have them assign uniforms to every station, north and south, That's where he's getting on the train. 
 (train approaching) 
 (brakes squeak) 
 Hey... 
 Haven't I seen you in the movies? 
 Come here! 
 Hey! 
 Hey! 
 Hey! 
 Come here! 
 Put your hands up! 
 Show me your hands. Show me your hands! 
 (handcuffs clicking) 
 You really are a good-looking kid. 
 Come on. 
 (liquid pouring) 
 (phone ringing) 
 (sighs) 
 Anything I should know about? 
 (phone buzzing) 
 You have to go? 
 No. 
 You? 
 No. 
 So... what are we going to do about a meeting place when my girlfriend gets back? 
 Find someplace closer than New Jersey. 
 I don't know. 
 There's something about the long drive out here, the anticipation. 
 Hmm? 
 You're mad at me. 
 I'm not mad at you. 
 We've never brought our work with us when we see each other. 
 I'm not sure that didn't change when you walked into my office. 
 We can't change who we are, Frank. 
 I mean, we can turn it off, sure. 
 Well... 
 It's on my mind. 
 I don't want to cost you your job. 
 I have a different theory. 
 Do you? Mm-hmm. 
 So, this morning, sitting across the table from each other, the two of us knowing what no one else knows... 
 (quietly): ...it was dangerous. 
 Then there's that. 
 ANDERSON: Didn't know if you'd show. 
 JAMIE: Don't know why I did. 
 Maybe you want to find out how your brother died. 
 Joe died being a good cop. 
 And your story about the Blue Templar... 
 It's not a story. 
 You heard the recording. 
 Joe was working with the FBI. 
 This is his pin. 
 Joe was a Blue Templar, but he learned that some of the Templars were doing very illegal things. 
 We need you to help us catch them. 
 I'm a rookie. 
 I'm just figuring out how to be a cop. 
 You want me to go under, against other cops, take out some kind of conspiracy? 
 I'm asking you to help us find Joe's real killers. 
 I can't push you off the fence. 
 I know we're throwing a lot at you, and it must be overwhelming, but I know what my decision would be, if it were my brother. 
 (distant siren wails) 
 ERIN: The sergeant said I'd find you back here. 
 What, no six-pack? 
 DANNY: Nah. 
 Trying to make the right impression on my new partner. 
 Right impression or good impression? 
 Eh, neither. 
 You caught the bad guys, right? 
 Yeah. That's usually good for a smile. 
 Somehow it just doesn't feel like much of a win. 
 Because of Oliver Young? 
 Yep. 
 Think about it. 
 Make one choice... change your whole life forever. 
 Well, there are some that think that's true of every decision. 
 Not really the metaphysical brother, you know. 
 Metaphysical? 
 Philosophical... 
 Okay. Anyhow, the reason why I detoured down here is because I had a conversation with Blake Phelps. 
 Oliver Young is already a local hero for standing up to Handsome, and getting stabbed is turning him into a martyr, so Blake doesn't think this as a career maker. 
 Oh, "Blake." 
 And I guess the D.A. agrees, so your guy is looking at probably a long probation on the gun charge. 
 Really. Hmm. 
 Like I told you-- 
 the law sometimes works these things out. 
 Yeah. 
 And so what favor do you owe to who? 
 And please tell me it has nothing to do with the silk blouse you're wearing. 
 Right. I go out there for you, and this is the crap that comes out of your mouth? 
 I'm kidding. 
 Thank you. 
 How did it feel? Hmm? 
 Doing something for that guy? 
 Good. 
 Good doing something for you. 
 Let's go have a beer. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 