Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x22 - The Blue Templar - Blue Bloods 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x22 - The Blue Templar https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=196&t=12139 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/19/11 03:26 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x22 - The Blue Templar 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on  Blue Bloods: What's going on, kid? 
 (sighs) 
 Something you should hear. 
 JOE (recorded): Getting close, but the Templar may have made me. 
 That's Joe. 
 The night he was killed. 
 He was working with the FBI, investigating the Blue Templar. 
 What? 
 I should have told you a long time ago, Danny. 
 Does Dad know? 
 No. 
 JAMIE: After I broke off communications with the FBI, I started looking into the death of Detective Gonsalves on my own. 
 Long story short, she had left a sort of last testament with her sister. 
 Wrote that when she arrived on the scene, Detective Malevsky had killed the two dealers and then told her that they had shot Joe. 
 JAMIE: She didn't believe him, so the Blue Templar realized that, clearly, that made her a liability. 
 (sighs) 
 Why didn't you come to us when all this started? 
 Because Joe had kept it from you, I-- 
 --thought maybe this was something he left behind for me to-- 
 carry on, and-- 
 I wanted to honor my brother. 
 Now I'm in over my head. 
 I mean, uh-- 
 who the hell are these guys? 
 We're going in the front. 
 Copy that. We're at the fire escape. 
 After Serpico and the Knapp Commission and all the static that came with it, we started the Blue Templar as a way to police the police. 
 There was a world of hurt in the ranks because a few bad apples had... brought such disgrace to the whole department. 
 We thought it would be a good thing to have a band of brothers who kept a lookout from the inside. 
 And it served a purpose for awhile. 
 We had a good man in I.A. who appreciated what we were trying to do. 
 And we avoided some potential disasters from the rank. 
 But after a while, the-- the core group retired, and the Templar became just a bunch of guys telling war stories about the bad old days. 
 I was never much of a joiner. 
 When I was tapped, there was some new blood in the Templar. 
 Thought we could do some good again. 
 Just dissolved into a bunch of blowhards sitting around strip clubs where the girls know every cop's name and a bill never shows up for the drinks. 
 I got out quick. 
 Police! Don't move! 
 (gunfire) 
 Come on, come on, come on. 
 When I came on as commissioner, I conducted a thorough review of all the department's fraternal organizations with I.A., including the Blue Templar. 
 I never saw anything that would cause concern, much less alarm. 
 I guess I just saw what I was supposed to see. 
 (sighs) 
 Who was your FBI contact? 
 A female agent-- Anderson. 
 She just made it sound like Joe was working with them. 
 Anybody else? I.A.? 
 Lieutenant Bello interviewed me from I.A. when I was seen in Chinatown with Anderson. 
 She came forward and-- and backed up my-- my story. 
 You lied to I.A. 
 I didn't know who knew what. I-- 
 You should have come to me right away, son. 
 (cell phone ringing) 
 Yeah. 
 No, you go ahead. 
 I'll meet you there. 
 (indistinct radio transmissions) 
 (people chattering) 
 Hey. What do we got? 
 Hey. Uh, well, all four were packing. 
 None of them got off a shot. 
 We got two earwitnesses that heard some commotion and then a lot of gunfire in a short amount of time. 
 DANNY: We gathering the shell casings? 
 JACKIE: Yeah, but both witnesses said they heard voices-- plural-- 
 shouting what sounds like, "Police. Don't move." 
 Right. "Police. Don't move," 
 but nobody stops to take a peek, right? 
 Right, well, in a building like this, "Police. Don't move--" 
 Even the cockroaches run the other way. 
 (sighs) Hey. 
 Hey. 
 Hey, look wedged in right there. 
 See it? 
 Is that Kevlar? 
 Yeah, looks like it. 
 That's a Kevlar glove, same as the police use. 
 They're shouting police commands. 
 Right. Police impersonators? 
 Yeah. 
 Or maybe, uh, dirty cops. 
 We had an incident in Brooklyn South last weekend. 
 Could be a pattern. 
 Let's canvass the building. 
 Okay. 
 (sighs) 
 Hey, Dad. 
 We, uh-- we might have stumbled upon something here. 
 MAN:  In the massacre last night,  one of the dead in the ambush was a confidential DEA informant. 
 He was also in business with some of your detectives. 
 Do you have proof? 
 Copies of the wire recordings are being made as we speak. 
 We have a voice, but no name to go with it. 
 Just one? 
 Just one on tape. 
 Clearly, this isn't just a one-man show. 
 How much money we talking about? 
 Given the chatter leading up to this, I'd estimate the haul to be around $12 million in cash, another 12 in pure heroin. 
 That's a hell of a pension. 
 What's the DEA's stance? 
 We've got almost two years staked in the operation. 
 We'd rather not come out of the shadows for some rogue cops. 
 We're pulling all our guys out. 
 Safety Net's been cleared for your department to move ahead. 
 I appreciate that, Don. 
 I'm sorry, Commissioner. 
 I realize this is the worst kind of news someone in your position can get. 
 No. 
 But it's a close second. 
 DANNY:  If you're wearing gloves, you want  to get to your gun quick, so you do this-- 
 you reach the gun, but if you do anything else with your arm, the glove drops wherever. 
 Yeah, so they came through the window. 
 Yeah, I'm figuring there were at least four if they had to move that much weight out. 
 So two through the door and two through the window. 
 Right. 
 You talking to I.A.? 
 Uh-uh. 
 Not even Bello? 
 Why not? 
 I trust Alex, but he won't know if the Templar has eyes and ears over there. 
 Jamie was there on a related incident. 
 I don't want to set off alarms. 
 But you can't handle this on your own, Dad. 
 I'm not going to. I have you. 
 And I got Danny. 
 Can we trust Detective Curatola? 
 She's solid. 
 What about me? 
 I know this is going to be hard for you, Jamie, but they do have eyes and ears on you, so for now, you got to go about your business So we have five, six, and how many men and women in the NYPD? 
 We're looking for a few out of-- 
 35,000, maybe? 
 Is there anyone else we can trust? 
 Yeah, and I will bring them in at the right time, but right now, we don't know how high up or how deeply this infection has spread, so for now, this operation stays in-house. 
 In this house. 
 Blue Bloods - S01E22 - The Blue Templar 
 So yeah, it's-- 
 it's one block over and three blocks up. 
 And make sure one of you orders the pastrami. 
 (chuckles) 
 Danke schon. 
 Okay. 
 Thank you. 
 All right. 
 WOMAN (screaming): Help! 
 (tires squealing) 
 Help! 
 WOMAN (screaming): Help! 
 (tires squealing) 
 Oh, my God! 
 JAMIE: Hey, over here! 
 (tires screeching) 
 (horn honking) 
 (crying) 
 You okay? 
 Okay. You're all right. 
 Oh, my God! 
 You're okay. You're okay. 
 Oh, my God. 
 It's all right. What happened? 
 I got away. 
 They tried to kidnap me. 
 Okay. All right. 
 All right. Central. 
 ERIN: I thought we were going to keep it in the family, not bring in any more cops. 
 He's not a cop. 
 Cliff's a former Marine. 
 He served with Danny in Fallujah. 
 DANNY: Cliff was the, uh, surveillance ears tracking Saddam Hussein in Baghdad. 
 Believe me, Saddam farted, Cliff could tell you what kind of kebab he had for lunch. 
 Goat was a deep bass, poultry more a squeaky treble. 
 Nice. And that's qualifications for-- 
 Sit. 
 Listen to the DEA tape. 
 MAN (over tape): You already told me you wanted in. 
 What you didn't tell me is what you're bringing. 
 What's your ticket to the game? 
 That's the DEA mole. 
 Should be Panamanian or Costa Rican. 
 MAN 2: What I bring is-- 
 I can't believe you're asking me this-- 
 kind of a guarantee you can't get anywhere. 
 Call it my friends and family plan. 
 That's our bad cop. 
 Room service. 
 (phone rings) 
 Reagan. 
 FRANK: Well, run the ballistic evidence through IBIS and see if the weapons were ever in our system. 
 To make a crossover comparison, I need a sample of his voice. 
 Where do you want to start? 
 Sonny Malevsky. 
 That's a leap. 
 Come on. We're in the business of making leaps right now. 
 Sonny Malevsky is the name that's been popping up over and over again. 
 I can't buy a warrant with that. 
 DANNY: I'm not asking you to buy one. 
 Are we wired to record calls from the house? 
 Sure. 
 Okay, Grandpa, you got this charity you work for for the kids. 
 What is it? 
 PSL Yankee Stadium Night? 
 Okay, great. How about we have Grandpa make a call to Sonny Malevsky asking him to make a donation? 
 Call the son of a bitch. 
 (phone line ringing) 
 DANNY: Right. 
 It's ringing. 
 Okay. 
 WOMAN (over phone): Manhattan North. 
 Detective Malevsky, please. Henry Reagan calling. 
 Just a moment, please. 
 MALEVSKY: Henry? How are you? 
 I'm good, thank you, Detective. And you? 
 You know, hanging in there. 
 Good, good, good. Listen. 
 I need you to take a leadership role with the PSL Yankee Stadium Night. 
 You know, where we-- 
 Put me down for two grand. Oh. 
 Oh, that's very generous of you. 
 Thank you very much, Detective. 
 Sure thing. 
 Thank you. 
 Well, there's a couple of grand we'll probably never see. 
 (beeping) 
 I'd say it's a match to the voice on the DEA tape. 
 You're sure? 
 I'm sure. 
 Well? 
 I heard tickets and friends and family plan, and that's going to buy us zip in court. 
 We got a dead DEA mole talking turkey with Sonny Malevsky. 
 That's got to be enough to buy us a surveillance warrant, at least. 
 I can't promise that. I can try. 
 This particular can of worms only opens from the inside. 
 We need the warrant. 
 Ma'am. 
 Thank you-- Oh. 
 --um, Officer--? 
 Reagan. Jamie. 
 Thank you. 
 We're almost finished, and then you'll talk to the detectives, okay? 
 Okay, and, um, you don't have to talk to me like I was eight. 
 Uh, I'm not. Um-- 
 (laughs) "And then you'll talk to the nice detectives." 
 Uh-- I didn't say "nice." 
 Is there anyone that you can think of that might have motive to kidnap you? 
 (sighs) 
 My father was CEO of Mainways Mortgage. 
 When things went south a couple of years ago, thousands of people got slammed, but he walked away with millions of dollars, scot-free. 
 Throw a rock in Greater Boston, and you'll hit someone with a motive. 
 That must suck for you. 
 Which is why I'm in New York for a job interview with a museum in Abu Dhabi. 
 That's far. 
 It's far enough, I hope. 
 Sit up straight. 
 Here come the nice detectives. 
 (siren whoops, stops) 
 (car alarm toots) 
 Reagan. 
 Sonny Malevsky. 
 What are you doing up here? 
 This your car? 
 Yeah. 
 Got the hemi, huh? 
 Got to get the hemi. 
 Go big or go home. 
 That's right. 
 Try not to drool on it. 
 Hard not to. 
 So what are you doing up here? 
 Figured you for nosebleeds north of Times Square. 
 Yeah. Just came to, uh, close a few cases up with Sizowitz. 
 So, you love the car, huh? 
 I do. You're thinking about getting one? 
 Uh, you know, wife and two kids-- 
 every check is spoken for. 
 Reagan? 
 Sizowitz is off today. 
 Yeah. He, um, said he'd leave the files on the desk. 
 Drive safe. 
 CAPTAIN: Reagan? 
 Interested in some overtime today? 
 If you need me, Captain, sure. 
 You'll be stationed outside Ms. Peck's hotel room. 
 Seriously? 
 The incident occurred within the confines of our precinct, and until we have a better assessment of the ongoing threat, I offered her police escort as a courtesy. 
 You can stay in your street clothes. 
 We're not trying to broadcast the situation. 
 10-4. 
 Um-- 
 You want something? 
 Oh, just a chair for out in the hall. 
 I've kind of been on my feet all day, so-- 
 This one okay? 
 Of course. 
 All right. 
 (phone vibrating) 
 Um-- I don't really feel like talking to anybody. 
 (phone beeps off) 
 If you do have a visitor, though, you'll give me a heads-up? 
 Of course. Okay. 
 Um, which of their teams are you a fan of? 
 Their teams? 
 Of Harvard's. 
 Oh, uh, I don't really follow college sports. 
 This is from when I went there. 
 You went to Harvard? The law school. 
 Really? 
 Going to be a great day when me saying "Harvard" 
 isn't followed by someone else saying, "Really?" 
 No, I didn't mean that-- 
 It's just a surprise. 
 I know. Um, I'll be right outside. 
 (knocking on door) 
 Who is it? 
 MAN: It's Billy. It's-- 
 It's okay. 
 Hi. Oh, hi. 
 I came from work the second I heard. Oh. 
 Oh, you poor thing. 
 I'm okay now. 
 Oh, now that I'm here. 
 I'll just be outside. 
 
 
 
 Oh, um, Billy Coffin, Police Officer Reagan. 
 Hi. 
 They gave you a bodyguard? 
 Just a presence at Ms. Peck's option. 
 Well, thanks for being here. 
 I'll be outside. 
 (sighs) 
 (speed dial tones) 
 Hey, Dad, it's me. 
 What have we got? 
 We're making progress. 
 We got eyes and ears on Malevsky. 
 Thanks for checking in. 
 All I'm saying is, if they go 30 seconds bitching about their wives or whatever, you need to minimize the wire. 
 Minimize the wire? 
 Cut the feed. 
 Just drop in 30 seconds later. 
 Hopefully, they've changed the subject to something we can use in court. 
 That's crazy. 
 That's the law. 
 You can't just listen till you get what you're looking for. 
 You can't just pan for gold, Cliff. 
 I miss Marine Intelligence, though you're a lot prettier. 
 (phone line ringing) 
 Incoming from Malevsky's cell. 
 MALEVSKY: Yeah. Malevsky. 
 DAMON: Sonny, Damon. 
 What's up? 
 We got a problem. There was a guy at the thing we didn't know about. 
 What kind of guy? 
 A spook. What agency, bureau, we don't know. 
 Who's sniffing? 
 Nobody yet, that we know of. What do we know? 
 That a guy got Reagan'ed, and we didn't even know it. 
 All right. Tell everyone to get ready. 
 We're moving the party up. 
 They gave it Joe's name. 
 (beeping) 
 "Damon Camia, Rego Park"? 
 Camia. Camia and Malevsky worked in Warrants with Joe. 
 Yeah. 
 So, what have we got? 
 No physical evidence, no eyewitnesses. 
 Not enough for what we want them for. 
 (phone ringing) 
 Go ahead, Baker. 
 Who was the supervisor that signed off on it that day? 
 Thank you, Baker. 
 (sighs) 
 Let's cover these guys from every possible angle. 
 Let's get eyes on their homes, text messages, e-mails, GPS on their cars and ears on their phones. 
 I'm on it. 
 Erin, get the necessary warrants on Camia. 
 I'm gonna go see an old friend. 
 Frank! 
 I mean, Commissioner. 
 Hello, Alice. Could Gerry come out? 
 Oh, yeah. Gerry? 
 Gerry, you are never gonna guess who's out here. 
 Oh, I'm sorry. My manners. 
 Please come on in. 
 No, that's okay. This'll just take a minute. 
 Police business. Commissioner. 
 Alice, don't leave the man standing there. 
 She didn't, Gerry. Walk with me. 
 So, uh, how's your family? 
 They're all good. Thanks for asking. Yours? 
 Uh, Sean's coaching lacrosse at Stony Brook. 
 Tina's got a third baby girl on the way. 
 That's good to hear. 
 So, isn't your, uh, Jamie a rookie--? 
 On January 9, you signed off on a cache of confiscated weapons as being destroyed, but a number of Glock nines never made the trip to the furnace. 
 Who'd you give them to? 
 (sighs) 
 Oh. 
 (sighs) 
 Ah, geez. 
 You got ten seconds, or no deal. 
 What deal? 
 The only deal that's out there for you. 
 Nine, eight-- All right. 
 --seven, six-- 
 All right, all right. 
 Art Buchanan and Will Atwater, Narcotics, Manhattan North. 
 That's it? 
 Those are the two I dealt with. 
 There's another name. 
 Whoever reached out to you and brought you in in the first place. 
 I'll find the match. You know I will. 
 Three, two, one. 
 (whimpers) 
 Teddy Chapin, the 31 Precinct. 
 (crying) 
 (sobbing) 
 What deal? 
 I want your shield and guns on your chief's desk first thing tomorrow, and your only pension's whatever you made working your little side deal. 
 I don't want to see you near a precinct, or at a retirement party, or even wearing an NYPD baseball cap. 
 And not a word to anybody. 
 Thank you. 
 And that's that. 
 Got a second? 
 Yeah, what's up, partner? 
 I need you to slap a tracker on a guy, stake him out. 
 The warrant's on the way. 
 We pick up a case I don't know about? 
 Not from Gormley. 
 Okay. 
 I'm gonna ask you to do something, Jack, I know you're not going to want to do it. 
 The guy's on the job. 
 It's Damon Camia-- he's a detective with the 27 squad. 
 I'm not a rat, Danny, I don't want to be. I know. 
 I know. 
 I'm not a rat either, Jack, but I need this. 
 You know I would walk on nails for you-- 
 but you are asking me to go against everything that I am. 
 They killed my brother, Jackie. 
 Camia and the Blue Templar-- they killed Joe. 
 (car alarm chirps) 
 Hey. 
 Yeah, Camia left in his personal car an hour before end of tour. 
 DANNY (over phone): Wherever he goes, you go. 
 Yeah, I'll stay with. 
 (engine starting) 
 (knocking) 
 Ms. Peck, your food is here. 
 I ordered plenty for both of us. 
 Come on in. 
 Um-- I, uh-- 
 Please. 
 I'd appreciate the company. 
 If I eat alone tonight, I won't eat, and I'm starving. 
 All right. 
 Cliff, what do you got for me? 
 Nothing-- 
 no calls going out, incoming straight to voice mail, and hang-ups. 
 I'm afraid they all took up vows of silence. 
 When was the last outgoing call from any of these guys? 
 Let me take a look. 
 (liquid pouring) 
 How could I not see it? 
 There's nothing down that road, Dad. 
 It's a dead end. 
 (laughs) 
 Well, it wasn't a lightning bolt exactly, but I was sitting around with a bunch of other 1-L classmates at dinner one night and everyone was talking about what firms offer what starting salaries and what bonus so and so got their second year at Dewey, Screwem and Howe. 
 But that's any grad school-- law, med. 
 Right, but what struck me is-- 
 and this is going to sound naive or idealistic or whatever, but I don't care because it's true-- 
 in all those years of family dinners, I never once heard them talk about the job in terms of what they made. 
 I mean, what they made just wasn't the reason they did what they did. 
 What was? 
 The work itself. 
 Um, you know, the stories that you lived to tell. 
 I mean, you could sit my dad or my brother down next to a king, a rock star, a billionaire, I-I don't care, that person is going to ask for just one more story all night long. 
 So you became a cop to be the most sought-after guest at dinner parties. 
 Yes. 
 (laughing): Yeah. 
 (chuckles) 
 Um, I became a cop to make a difference in-in a good way, a real way, and if I get to live some great stories along the way, that's just icing on the cake. 
 (phone ringing) 
 Excuse me. 
 Uh, Billy, I'll call you back in a bit, okay? 
 Love you. 
 Bye. 
 Uh, listen, thank you for dinner. 
 (laughing): Oh. 
 Wow, um, I'm flattered. 
 Billy's gay, you know. 
 He locks himself in the closet because of his family, but he's been all about the boys since we were ten. 
 Um, no, I didn't, but, um, um, no matter. 
 My relief will probably be here any minute, so I should get back outside. 
 Jamie. 
 Um-- 
 (laughs) 
 Uh, will you be back tomorrow? 
 Um, if that's my assignment, yeah. 
 Mm-hmm. Okay. 
 (knocking on door) 
 MAN: Reagan, it's Petrillo, I'm your relief. 
 Uh, right-right there. 
 Um, good night. 
 Good night. 
 (engine revs) 
 (grunts) 
 (tires screeching) 
 (car alarm wailing, horn blaring) 
 DANNY (over phone): Jackie. 
 (panting): Yeah. 
 Where the hell have you been? 
 I was busy, okay?! 
 Just listen up. 
 Okay, hold on, hold on. 
 Let me put you on speakerphone. 
 All right, go ahead. 
 Listen, a car, a car, not Camia's car-- 
 another, another SUV, a black SUV with New York plates-- 
 he, uh, followed me from the airport, and I-- I thought I lost him, but he came up behind me and he just pushed me off the side of the road. 
 I think I'm okay-- just a few bruises from-from the airbag. 
 But, listen, he dropped off his wife and his kids at JFK with enough luggage to go on a Bon Jovi tour. 
 It was Jet Blue international, I don't know where it was headed to, but I got close enough to hear the good-byes, and he said he'd be seeing them in a few days. 
 Okay, where's Camia now? 
 Wait. 
 Um-- uh, yeah-- 
 it looks like Camia's back at his house, but listen to me-- 
 these guys are definitely getting the hell out of Dodge. 
 All right, good work. 
 Keep your phone on. 
 Yeah. 
 We can't take chances waiting any longer. 
 They're cornered and they know it. 
 Erin, I can bring in Buchanan and Atwater for receiving the weapons out of Property, but Camia-- 
 If we assume the wife is traveling with a pile of cash, we can run the manifests for Jet Blue, alert Customs on the end, and sweat the wife, but that's an "if." 
 Where do I start? 
 Malevsky first. 
 Great. 
 Cliff, feed me his location. 
 Got your back. 
 (indistinct chatter, traffic noise) 
 This is Officer Reagan. 
 Are Detectives Trotta or Stanton still there? 
 I-I'm sorry, Detective, I-I'm just trying to get this straight. 
 DCPI hasn't released any information regarding the kidnap attempt? 
 The father's traveling in Europe, we haven't been able to reach him. 
 We wanted to see if he had any insights before we went wide with this and scared the crap out of every female tourist in town. 
 You playing detective, rookie? 
 No, no, sir, thanks for your time. 
 Laura Peck, room 1103. 
 (phone ringing) 
 (doorbell rings) 
 Father, Detective Reagan with the NYPD. 
 Sonny Malevsky-- is that his car? 
 Oh, my, is it stolen? 
 No, no, Malevsky-- He donated it for the raffle. 
 Is he here now? 
 He was just here. 
 He just dropped it off about ten minutes ago. 
 Okay, I'm sorry to trouble you. 
 Thank you. 
 Dad, yeah. 
 No, Malevsky dumped the car, Dad. 
 No, he's off the grid. 
 Buchanan? 
 Okay, I'm after him. 
 All right, yeah, I'm on it. 
 (engine starts) 
 Billy, someone tried to kidnap me this morning. 
 Would you feel safe? 
 You need to get out. 
 Laura! 
 You're with me. Laura! 
 Have a few laughs. 
 No, no! 
 (grunts) 
 No, no! 
 No! 
 No, no! 
 Hey, police! 
 (grunts) 
 Hey! 
 (groaning) 
 (tires screeching) 
 On your stomach! On your stomach! 
 Hands behind your back. 
 Are you okay? 
 I'm okay. I'm okay. 
 Come on, come one, let's get inside. 
 Don't move, you stay right where I can see you, Coffin. 
 What? 
 You heard me-- you stay right there. 
 Call 911! 
 DANNY: I'm still sitting across from Buchanan's, Dad. 
 No sign of him, no lights on, nothing. 
 No, Jackie says there's no sign of him either. 
 She thinks he's not home. 
 This doesn't look good, Dad. 
 I'm thinking we should maybe put it over the air. 
 Hold on, hold on. 
 Okay, he was home after all. 
 He must have been watching the street. 
 And he's on the move. 
 (engine starts) 
 Okay, Dad, I'm gonna see where the party's at. 
 (engine starts) 
 Boston PD had both the driver and your wounded in their system, a couple of enforcers for a Southie crew with a lot of kidnapping and extortion on their resumes. 
 Coffin's waiting for his lawyer, but why don't you put it all together for me? 
 Uh, I can't do that. 
 No theory, Officer? 
 First thing Coffin said was, "I left work as soon as I heard." 
 I guess it just didn't sit right with me in the back of my mind, and then when I checked with you, the nickel dropped. 
 Ms. Peck hadn't called anyone yet. 
 Coffin could have only heard about it through the guys that tried to snatch her, so-- 
 And when you you checked with me is when you should have said something. 
 I'm just glad I made it back here in time. 
 First time you shot someone, kid? 
 Yes, sir. 
 Enjoy the paperwork. 
 (phone ringing) 
 (sighs) 
 Hey, Dad. 
 You okay? 
 Ms. Peck, I got to get going. 
 Please, can't you just stay for a little while? 
 Uh, I really can't. My family needs me. 
 Okay. Uh, then-- 
 thank you. 
 Yeah. 
 If you need anything, you know I work out of the 12th. 
 Look me up. 
 Okay. 
 And if Abu Dhabi doesn't work out, we have a lot of nice museums right here. 
 DANNY: Okay, Dad. 
 Buchanan just picked up Malevsky at a diner off of the BQE. 
 They're back on it and heading north. 
 Atwater and Camia both just got off the BQE just north of the Pulaski Bridge. 
 They're on side streets in Greenpoint. 
 They're gonna meet. 
 I'll stay with Malevsky and call in the location. 
 Dad, if this is what I think it is, we're going to need some backup, and it's gonna have to be guys that are gonna actually back us up. 
 You got guys? 
 I got guys. 
 You want I should meet you there? 
 Jaime's on his way. You wait for me, Danny. 
 I'll coordinate with your driver, Commissioner. 
 And good luck, sir. 
 ♪ No stop signs ♪ 
♪ Speed limit ♪ 
♪ Nobody's gonna slow me down ♪ 
♪ Like a wheel, gonna spin it ♪ 
♪ Nobody's gonna mess me around ♪ 
♪ Hey, Satan, paid my dues ♪ 
 (song continues over jukebox): ♪ Playing in a rocking band ♪ 
 What's up, ladies? 
 (cheering) 
 (whooping) 
 Dr. Malevsky is in the house, and everyone is gonna get well. 
 (laughs) 
 ♪ I'm on the highway to hell ♪ 
 Alex Bello, come on down! 
 (men laughing, whooping) 
 ♪ I'm on a highway to hell-- ♪ 
♪ Highway to hell ♪ 
 Freeze! Nobody move! 
 Hands up! Move! 
 ♪ Highway to hell-- ♪ 
 Freeze! Freeze! 
 Let's go! 
 Freeze right there! 
 All right, you know the drill. 
 Keep you hands where we can see them. 
 Anybody tries anything stupid, you will catch a bullet. 
 (music stops) 
 DANNY: Up against the table. All of you. 
 Come on. Turn around. 
 Get over there! 
 FRANK: Alex. 
 You, I did not see. 
 That was maybe the hardest part, Frank, getting over on you. 
 I won't ask why. 
 There's millions of reasons in those bags. 
 But how could you look at me? 
 Your trust was my insurance. 
 Before I take your shields, there's a question I want answered. 
 Which one of you killed my son? 
 (loud clattering) 
 I'll ask again. 
 Who shot my boy? 
 (sighs) 
 Just so you know, it's not like he wasn't warned. 
 Just like the rookie over here. 
 Again and again. 
 But you people, you just don't take a hint, do you? 
 Not from you, we don't. 
 For what it's worth-- 
 --I'm sorry. 
 It was nothing personal against Joe. 
 It was personal to us, you scumbag. 
 Sonny, don't! Sonny, don't do this. 
 We all die, Sonny. 
 It's just a question of when. 
 (gunshot) 
 Call the bus, Jack. 
 Danny? 
 DANNY: Sir. 
 Take their shields. 
 Your hands quit shaking yet, kid? 
 Yeah. Almost. 
 Hey. Kid brother finally lost his cherry. 
 Bust my chops, Danny. 
 My hope for you, for both of you, is you never have to fire your weapon in the line of duty again. 
 Yeah, the paperwork is murder. 
 Right. 
 Can't you do something about that, Commissioner? 
 Okay, who wants to say grace? 
 Grace. 
 (laughter) 
 Never gets old. No. 
 (laughter) 
 Grace. 
 Still not funny when you say it, Jack. 
 I thought it was. 
 I'd like to say grace. 
 You always get to say grace. 
 JAMIE: I asked first. 
 You say grace every Sunday. 
 You always say grace. Hey, kids. 
 Let's keep it civil. 
 Why don't we all say grace? HENRY: Yeah. 
 HENRY: Come on. 
 (sighs) 
 Come on. 
 Bless us, O Lord-- 
 ALL: --for these gifts which we are about to receive  from thy bountiful hands. 
 Through Christ, our Lord. Amen. ♪ ♪ "Down these mean streets "a man must go who is not himself mean, who is neither tarnished nor afraid." Raymond Chandler? His definition of a hero. Could have been talking about Joe. I'd like to think he was with us last night. I know he is always with me. ♪ ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 