Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x13 - Hall of Mirrors - Blue Bloods 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x13 - Hall of Mirrors https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=196&t=12130 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/15/11 20:12 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x13 - Hall of Mirrors 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 (people clapping) 
 MAN: All right! All right! Run it, run it, run it! 
 Run it, run it! 
 MAN 2: All right, boys, keep turning it over! 
 (people shouting, cheering) 
 Everyone's friend. 
 You don't fool me, Sammy. 
 (grunting) 
 Jab, right hand. 
 One, two, three. 
 (grunting) 
 Come on, Rocky Balboa. 
 We got a tour to do. 
 Nice work, Jamie. Same time next week? 
 You got it, brother. Okay. 
 Lookin' good, kid. 
 You only joined this boxing team to make me feel fatter and older, right? 
 I got to stay in shape, Sarge, in case somebody tries to bully you. 
 Oh, yeah? Yeah. You want to go a round? 
 What, with me? Yeah. 
 Nah. I don't want to hurt you. 
 (excited shouts) 
 (groans) 
 Okay, Sammy, come on, mate, just like we practiced. 
 Leave the good ones alone, put away the bad ones. 
 Keep your head over the ball. Mm-hmm. 
 Come on, Sammy, let's do it. 
 Just watch. I'm the Pakistani Derek Jeter. 
 Come on, Sammy! 
 You played your last game, my friend. 
 (engine starts, revs) 
 Come on, let's get this done. 
 (grunts) 
 (people cheering) 
 Great stuff! 
 MAN: Come back! Get back, Sammy! 
 (Sammy yells) 
 Yeah, great stuff! 
 Yeah! Great stuff! 
 Good job. 
 MAN: Sammy! 
 Someone call an ambulance! 
 Sammy, hold on, mate. Hold on. 
 ...Queens, a distraught father suffocated his two children, then shot himself. 
 Two homicides in Manhattan-- one a robbery, one a domestic. 
 One shooting in Brooklyn-- 
 bartender ran down the street naked with a shotgun, fell and shot off his big toe. 
 Full moon. 
 Tomorrow night. Don't they know it's Saturday? 
 Crime never sleeps, sir. 
 When they invented electricity, they thought it would eliminate crime at night. 
 That didn't work. 
 Commissioner, there's been a shooting in Central Park. 
 I'll be at my desk, sir. 
 When my head of intelligence busts into my office unannounced, he'd better have more than that. 
 The victim was one of our counterterrorism undercovers-- 
 Sammy Khan. 
 How is he? 
 He's been rushed to Bellevue. 
 He's critical, but not likely. 
 (sighs) 
 Why was Sammy shot? 
 That's the big question. 
 Is his cover still intact? 
 Well, we better find an answer, or we're going to have to scrub the whole operation. 
 Blue Bloods - Season 1, Episode 13 
 "Hall of Mirrors" 
 I know why you called. You do? 
 Yeah. I think you're overreacting, Dad. 
 In what way? Jack's wrist. 
 He's going to be fine. It's a sprain. 
 It's not even broken. 
 Deputy Commissioner. 
 Danny. 
 How did Jack hurt his wrist? 
 Football. 
 We're not here to talk about football, Danny. 
 Then is this about the Central Park shooting. 
 The vic was a Pakistani. 
 He's one of us. 
 He's a cop? Yeah. 
 His real name is Samir Muhammad. 
 His cover name is Sammy Khan. 
 He's one of six deep-cover operatives in our counterterrorism program. 
 It's an elite program. 
 Best and brightest of the Muslim community dedicated to fighting terrorism. 
 What was he working on? 
 Sammy had infiltrated a sleeper cell, and he had also brought another undercover cop into the cell, as well. 
 If he was shot because he was a cop... 
 Then the other undercover cop's life could be in jeopardy. 
 Right. So why not just pull this other man out? 
 Well, we would, but Sammy revealed to us some information about a potential attack that the cell was planning for two days from now, and it's supposed to involve major casualties within the city. 
 He knows the day of the attack, but the other specifics, including the, uh, targets, have not been revealed to him as of yet. 
 With all due respect, you got one man down, another man's life in danger-- why not just scrub the project? 
 Because if we pull the other undercover, we lose contact with the cell and any chance of possibly stopping the attack. You see? 
 Okay, so why me? 
 Because we need a detective that can make this look just like any other standard investigation. 
 And, Danny, we need somebody we can trust, absolutely. 
 That would be you. 
 (sighs) 
 All right. 
 Me and my partner will get on it. 
 No, no, no, no. 
 She can work the case with you, but you cannot, under any circumstances, tell her about Sammy's status. 
 Well, she's my partner. 
 That's going to be a little tough. 
 Danny, I know what I'm asking. 
 Hopefully, the three of us are the only ones who know he's a cop. 
 His family doesn't even know. 
 All right. 
 You have 48 hours, Detective. 
 Crime Scene just dropped off his belongings. 
 Vic's name is, uh, Sammy Khan. 
 26 years old, out of fair Pakistan. 
 Perps wearing motorcycle helmets with some design on it, so there's no positive I.D. 
 I was just planning on sitting around doing nothing this weekend. 
 I'm so thrilled to be working. 
 Tell me about it. Why didn't the north get this case? 
 Well, you know, it's Central Park, broad daylight-- 
 kind of thing scares tourists away. 
 Always falls down to Major Case. 
 Lucky for us, we were catching. 
 Oh, wonderful. 
 This is what we call a frequent flyer job. 
 Right over here. 
 Somebody that calls us all the time for unfounded jobs. 
 Sometimes it's just lonely old people who want someone to talk to. 
 Sometimes it's crazies. 
 Hey, it's New York, right? Who is she? 
 Name is, uh, Melissa Samuels. 
 Poor little rich girl. 
 In the last year or so, we've responded to a number of jobs at this location. 
 I mean, she's a nice enough kid, but a little, you know, cuckoo. 
 Uh, she tells us someone's been in the apartment, moving things around, blah, blah, blah. 
 We never find nada. 
 Sounds like a nut. Sounds like a nut? 
 She could be. We'll find out. 
 JACKIE: So, here's Sammy Khan's stuff from the crime scene. 
 "Jihadis be strong." 
 This guy's a student? 
 Yeah, right. What does he study besides hating us for being everything he's not? 
 Engineering. 
 According to his file, he's a grad student at Hudson University. 
 Great. So he's learning how to build things so he can knock 'em down. Ah. 
 And look at this. 
 I think someone did us a favor here. 
 Maybe. For now, he's just a kid who got shot. 
 Excuse me, this from a man who decked someone in Mannion's Bar when they said we should get over 9/11? 
 All right, look. 
 When the Towers came down, yeah, I was full of hate. 
 Very much so. Like every New Yorker, I wanted revenge-- I went active in the Marines; I went to Iraq. 
 You know what I learned after two tours and all the madness I seen? 
 Aside from the crazy ones, we all want pretty much the same thing. 
 We want food on our tables, a roof over our heads and happy, healthy kids. 
 (phone ringing) 
 Is that Sammy's phone? 
 Look at that. Farrah's calling. 
 Oh. Guy's got a thing for Charlie's Angels. 
 Farrah's an Arabic name-- it means "joy." 
 Hello? 
 WOMAN: Sammy? Farrah. 
 Sammy, is that you? 
 Hello? 
 She hung up. 
 Maybe she didn't expect anyone to be answering. 
 Yeah, you know what I'm going to do? 
 I'm going to give this to Gormley, see if he can get dumps on the phones and figure out who Farrah is. 
 I'll be back. 
 (siren wailing) 
 (woman speaking indistinctly over P.A.) 
 How you doing? 
 Good. How are you? All right. 
 (man chanting Arabic over loud speaker) 
 DANNY: Need to ask you a few questions about one of your congregation-- a Sammy Khan? 
 IMAM: Oh, yes. I heard the horrible news. 
 He was a very respectful young man. 
 Really? Well, would you know of anybody who might have a problem with him? 
 Any reason somebody would want to shoot him? 
 A young man like Samir? 
 I can't imagine why anybody would want to hurt him. Well, you know, I spoke to the local community affairs officer. 
 He told me some of the young guys are going more and more radical here, including Sammy Khan. It is a constant struggle. 
 But they are like outsiders of all kinds-- 
 they are defensive about their identity. 
 Oh, is that what we're calling it now? 
 We stress the true interpretation of the Koran-- peace. 
 IMAM: I hope he recovers fully. 
 (speaks Arabic) 
 (whispering): Take off your shoes; put on the scarf. 
 Listen, I'm going to need the names of some of the younger radical members this officer was talking about. 
 I'm not sure what you mean by "radical." 
 You know, extremists-- people who use their faith as justification for their behavior. 
 I cannot condemn someone for the tenor of their belief. 
 If I think they are dangerous, that is a different story. 
 Does shooting qualify as dangerous? 
 You are Catholic, yes? 
 Yes, I am. Do you have any idea how many of your churches were burned in this city when you were the new people in town? 
 Uh, actually, yes, I... Look, we don't have time for this, okay? 
 Excuse me. 
 Now, here's what I need, all right? 
 I understand the history of this city. 
 Now, if you understand it, you know that the Catholics learned to trust the cops, and then the cops helped them. 
 Okay, and that's what I need from you right now-- 
 I need you to trust me. 
 And you have to understand that I'm just trying to find out who shot Sammy. 
 Okay. I will help you however I can. 
 All right. 
 (whispers in Arabic) 
 We got to go. 
 I know, I have no proof, but I am sure that somebody has been in here. 
 No sign of forced entry? 
 Nothing stolen? Anything amiss? 
 My books-- I always arrange alphabetically by title. 
 Now look-- they're all out of whack. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 My silverware-- I always lay the knives north to south, the spoons the opposite. 
 Aside from the books and the spoons being moved, what makes you think someone else has been in here? 
 When I walk in the door, I-I get this feeling. 
 The best way I can describe it is, it's like... everything is dirty, even if you can't see it. 
 I see you have a security camera. 
 Has it picked anything up? 
 No. 
 My brother told me I needed to install it. 
 It seemed to help for a couple of months, but then, one day, I came home, and my stereo was playing Rachmaninoff. 
 Who's that? 
 The guy that makes my vodka? 
 Does anyone else have a key to the apartment besides you? 
 No. I'm alone. 
 Hmm. 
 Uh, except my housekeeper comes twice a week, but she is very protective of me. 
 We checked her out from stem to stern. 
 Actually, uh, we have to be getting back on patrol, so... 
 You don't believe me, do you? 
 I have no reason not to believe you, miss. 
 He doesn't believe me. 
 Um, this is Widener Library, right? 
 You went to Harvard? Yes. 
 The sixth generation of Samuels to matriculate. 
 I'm the first generation of my family to go. 
 And now you're a cop? 
 Yeah. 
 That's pretty cool. 
 Noble, actually. 
 I'll be outside. 
 I don't want to accidentally witness any secret Ivy League handshakes here. 
 Did you take these? 
 Yes. That's what I do. 
 I have a studio on 28th Street. 
 JAMIE: They're beautiful. 
 Uh, thank you. 
 I'm going to give you, uh, my number. 
 If you have a problem, you can call me... anytime. 
 Okay? 
 SOREN: Commissioner, we need to start thinking about pulling the plug on the operation. 
 Where are we at this exact moment in time? 
 Our window's closing fast. 
 I just got off the phone with Detective Reagan. 
 They've made very little headway in the investigation, though he is still aggressively pursuing every angle. 
 What about our other operative? 
 Status quo from him. 
 Uh, but there has been a, uh... a serious uptick in Internet conversation-- 
 chatter about, uh, possible attacks. 
 (sighs) 
 Tough choice, Frank. 
 If Sammy's not been compromised, then pulling the plug might be a big mistake. 
 Two years worth of work will be lost, and God knows what else we might lose as a result. 
 On the other hand, our additional undercover is still out there... exposed. 
 We're still a go. 
 We've got time. 
 Just make the most of it. 
 You got it. 
 JACKIE: When was the last time we were given unlimited overtime to chase a case? 
 I don know, when Officer Martin was killed, maybe. 
 Are you complaining about overtime? 
 No. I'm just saying. 
 Some kid gets shot playing cricket, and money is no object? 
 I don't know. GORMLEY: Hey! 
 Check this out. 
 We finally got the phone dumps on Sammy Khan's cell. 
 We found your mysterious Farrah. 
 Oh, yeah? A Farrah Ahmed. 
 She made several dozen phone calls over the last month, but get this. 
 The phone calls stop the day before Sammy was shot. 
 You kidding me? No. 
 And then the phone call that came in when you guys had the cell. 
 We got a pedigree on Farrah? 
 Not much. Pakistani national. 
 She goes to the same college as, uh, Sammy Khan-- Hudson. 
 (phone rings) 
 Excuse me. 
 Hey, babe. 
 No, I'm not going to make it to church. 
 I don't know! 
 If-if I can make it to dinner, I will, all right? 
 I'll try! 
 I'll see you at dinner. 
 Thanks. 
 He's all bent out of shape 
 'cause he's going to miss Sunday's dinner? 
 Yeah. 
 Boo-hoo. 
 Two days in a row with this crap. 
 This broad is just a plain whack-adoo. 
 Who says she ain't moving the stuff herself, huh? 
 Yeah, but she's not making up the scared part. 
 She was really frightened. 
 Hey, we're not in the business of making the bogeyman go away. 
 A real crime perpetrated by a real criminal? Yeah. 
 That's our bailiwick. Right. 
 And besides, if she looked like a linebacker, you'd think she's nuts, too. Yeah. 
 I'm not imagining things. 
 Oh, all right. Go ahead. 
 Look. Every piece of furniture has been moved. 
 And-and look here. 
 Someone turned all my work upside down. 
 What else has to happen for you to believe me? 
 JAMIE: Please, miss, please. 
 I hate to ask this, but you're on medication? 
 You're going to be like all the rest. 
 There's nothing wrong with being anxious. 
 If you came home to this... 
 Melissa, the precinct is two blocks from here. I... 
 I drive past your house to and from work. 
 I'll keep an eye out for you, okay? 
 I need you to have these. 
 No, please. That's-that's not what we do, okay? 
 No. I'm going to Chicago for a week just to get away. 
 If you see anyone while I'm gone... 
 
 
 
 RENZULLI: Hey. 
 So, uh, we ready, kid? 
 Yeah. Yeah. 
 Have a nice... nice trip. 
 Okay. 
 (phones ringing) 
 Farrah's in Pakistan. 
 Since when? Friday. 
 Her roommate came home to a note from her saying she had to rush off to Islamabad-- her dad was sick. 
 So it wasn't a planned vacation, then? 
 Or a well-planned vacation. You think she, uh, was involved in the hit on Sammy? 
 I'd sure as hell love to find out. 
 You know, you could have made those phone calls in here. 
 You know, my wife-- she's being a pain in the neck. 
 I'm going to head over to the old man's for dinner. 
 Catch you when I get back. 
 Yep. 
 (dishware clinking) 
 Hey, Nick, I heard you played some serious game. 
 Yeah. One more win, and we make the tournament. 
 Whoa. 
 I wish Dad could have seen it. 
 She scored 20 points. Ooh. 
 And her coach said that she's the best player on the team. 
 Of course. She takes after me. 
 Only I couldn't jump. 
 Didn't you see the movie, Grandpa? 
 White Men Can't Jump? 
 (mock laughing) 
 Nobody jumped in basketball back then, right, Grandpa? 
 Set shots ruled the day. Yep. 
 Well, Grandpa was probably like a human windmill, just throwing those elbows everywhere. 
 HENRY: If I could run like Nicky, I wouldn't have had to make up for it by throwing elbows. 
 Well, if I had her speed, I'm sure I would have saved Dad a bundle on college tuition. 
 Nah. That was money well spent. 
 DANNY: Hey. 
 Sorry I'm late. There he is. 
 Hey. Sorry about earlier. 
 Oh, that's all right. Tough case. 
 Where's Grandpa? 
 I don't know. I think he's working. 
 Dad, Nicky scored 20 points in her basketball game. 
 Oh, yeah? 
 Hey, congrats. Thanks. 
 Just like your uncle. 
 You know, if you'd stayed with basketball and gave up football, you wouldn't be on the DL. 
 Oh, I love football. 
 You love football. 
 JACK: I do. 
 So much for first grade detectives not working Sundays, huh? Well, you know. 
 What are you going to do? 
 Well, if the guy wasn't shot in Central Park-- 
 one of the most famous places on Earth-- 
 your husband wouldn't be working Sundays. 
 Hey, come on. Give me a break. 
 You think I want to miss this? 
 Well, you're right. 
 Media wouldn't have covered it after day one. 
 Day one, page 17. 
 Crime in this town has always been about location, location, location. 
 Well, especially when it happens to rich people in rich neighborhoods. 
 Sorry. Grandpa, you're here. 
 How's the wrist, Jack? 
 Ah, no biggie. 
 Grandpa, you're late for Sunday dinner. 
 You're never late. 
 Well, I was working, Sean. 
 LINDA: Here. 
 Eat. Thank you. 
 DANNY: You know, Erin, it's not only rich people who, uh, read the newspapers. 
 In fact, it wasn't even a rich guy who got shot. 
 It was a poor immigrant from Pakistan. 
 ERIN: Okay, but if he had been shot in Marcus Garvey Park, no one would know his name, and you wouldn't be working on Sunday. Ah, fair enough. 
 I'm just saying that mothers in the projects cry just as hard as the ones on Park Ave. 
 Erin, cops can't cure society's ills. 
 It's a path to foolishness. 
 What do you think, Dad? 
 Well, I'd like to think we chase all cases the same, but media drives the resources, so... the press cases get the attention. 
 (sniffs) 
 How's it with your partner? 
 Terrible. I'm not good at lying to my partner, Dad. 
 I hate it, too. 
 Intel is investigating threats against Sammy on the Internet. 
 Yeah? We know who posted them? 
 No, but if they're made by radicals, we're pulling the plug. I'll stay on top of it, Dad. 
 A little help in the kitchen? 
 Okay. No need to know. 
 (mumbles) 
 And the girl, Farrah? 
 I'd love to hear what she has to say, but she skipped town right before the hit. 
 Well, our people in Pakistan are on it. 
 We got operatives in Pakistan? 
 Secrets and lies. 
 Look, you have no need to know. 
 We'll find the girl. 
 That's fine, Dad. I don't want to know. 
 But what I need is more time. 
 Well, shoot, Danny, you got 24 hours. 
 Great. 
 (door closes) 
 Excuse me, you don't... 
 Hey, you, stop! Oh! Oh! 
 (gunshot) 
 Officer needs assistance. 
 Shots fired! 
 We got nothing from the attempted hit at the hospital. 
 Perp wore gloves and a mask. 
 Talk about trying to finish up a job. 
 Well, good thing they moved Sammy Khan to a different hospital. 
 Yeah, whoever tried that sure wanted him dead. Yeah. 
 Never heard of that before, though. 
 Why would they do that? 
 Intel tracked down those Internet threats to an Islamic shop over on Steinway Street. 
 Steinway. We better get going. 
 This time of day, the traffic's going to be impossible. 
 FRANK: "Early in the morning, when the birds were still nesting, "I mounted my steed. 
 "Well-bred was he, long-bodied, "outstripping the wild beasts in speed. 
 "Swift to attack, to flee, to turn, "yet firm as a rock swept down by the torrent." 
 Is that Kipling? 
 No, it's the Hanged Poems. 
 Ancient Arabian. 
 Sammy's favorite. 
 "Bay-colored and so smooth, the saddle slips from him, "as the rain from a smooth stone, thin but full of life." 
 "Fire boils within him like the snorting of a boiling kettle. 
 He continues at full gallop." 
 (women talking indistinctly and laughing) 
 You the owner? 
 The manager, Malik. 
 Is that the only computer you got in here? 
 That is our only computer, and as you can see, anyone is free to use it. 
 Is there a sign-in book or a log-in or something? 
 No. 
 Sammy Khan ever use that computer? 
 What do you want? 
 Well, we want world peace, but for now, we'll settle for finding the guy who used this computer to threaten Sammy Khan. 
 I can't help you with that. 
 Do you know Sammy Khan? 
 He... comes in here occasionally. 
 Yeah? He have any problems with anyone? 
 I never saw him have a problem. 
 Do you know anyone who would want him dead? 
 That's an absurd question. 
 Actually, it's not an absurd question. You know what? 
 We're going to borrow your computer here. 
 Uh, you can't take that. 
 Actually, we can. 
 This is a warrant that says so. 
 Uh, we use that for our files, our accounting. 
 Yeah, well, Best Buy's having a sale. 
 Get yourself a new one. 
 But... 
 You catch that motorcycle helmet in there, partner? 
 Hey, I'm not blind, partner. 
 Black Kawasaki 750, just like the shooter had. 
 (camera shutter clicks) 
 I'll run the plate. 
 Reagan, what's the deal with this case? 
 What do you mean? Kid got shot-- 
 we're trying to figure out who do it. 
 No, it seems like you're chasing this case on your own, and you're giving me half the information. 
 I mean, what is it? 
 What, you don't trust me, or... you don't think I'm a good detective? 
 It's just the Central Park thing, Jackie, you know? 
 There's a lot of... lot of pressure, lot of heat from One PP, you know. 
 Hey, this is Reagan. 
 Yeah, look, I need you to run a plate for me, okay? 
 (knocking on door) 
 Yeah? 
 Counselor? 
 Hey. 
 Hey. You know, every time you show up in that uniform, all the women in the office are giggling like schoolgirls for the rest of the week. 
 Thanks for looking into this Melissa Samuels for me. Yeah. 
 Happy to help my kid brother out. 
 Though I don't like bending the rules. 
 I just think there's more to this story, you know? 
 I'd like to help out if I can. 
 Well, it turns out Melissa Samuels' parents were killed in a plane crash. 
 Their Gulf Stream went down when they were trying to land in Martha's Vineyard. 
 Melissa and the pilot were the only survivors. 
 That's enough to explain her being a bit fragile. Well, it was also enough for her family to have her committed to Fairwick, a mental health facility favored by the well-off. 
 She was there for eight months, and she was released on a diagnosis of acute anxiety. 
 Renzulli says if she keeps calling, we might have to EDP her, send her down to Bellevue. 
 Well, it might be hard-- she's not in danger of hurting herself or others, so... 
 But every time you guys get called down there... 
 I know, I know. 
 It takes resources off the street. 
 You know, Jamie, you have a really big heart, and that will never be a bad thing, no matter what Danny says. 
 But you keep trying to make the world right, being a cop is going to eat you alive. 
 I've seen it happen a hundred times. 
 I know... I know that, sis. 
 I'm just, uh... just... 
 I'm just trying to do the right thing here. I know. 
 And I love you for it. 
 Sooner or later, these things usually come to a head, so just trust your gut, and if you think she's legit, keep an eye on her. 
 Thanks. 
 (phone rings) 
 Reagan. 
 Yeah. 
 You're kidding me. 
 Great. 
 Best news I've heard in 36 hours. 
 What's 36 hours? The bike belongs to Malik. And get this-- 
 the bike tripped off a license plate reader on Central Park West two minutes after the shooting. 
 He was fleeing the scene-- 
 so it puts him right in our kill zone. 
 Well, what do you know. 
 Speak of the devil. 
 Where is he going? 
 DANNY: Hey. 
 Hey! Where you going?! 
 (women gasp) 
 Stop! 
 Hey! 
 Come here! 
 Nice try, scumbag. Get up. 
 So it's like this, Malik. 
 Your motorcycle was at the scene of a shooting, and the death threats against the victim came from a computer in your store. 
 So this is no coincidence why we picked you up, so don't start any of this religious persecution crap. 
 This is America-- there is no religious persecution here. 
 Okay... you posted these threats on the Internet. 
 "The so-called brother will burn. 
 "He will suffer in the grave for eternity." Come on, Malik. 
 Why'd you shoot Sammy? 
 You are accusing me  of being a violent person? 
 You are the one who carries a gun every day of your life-- what does that say about you? 
 You know what it says about me? It says I'll do whatever it takes to protect my city. 
 Now, why'd you shoot Sammy Khan? 
 I did not shoot Sammy. 
 Then, who did? Yeah, who did? 
 With the same gun we found in your apartment. 
 What kind of deal can you make for me? 
 And there it is. 
 Calculus of despair. 
 (whispers): Give me a second. 
 (door closes) 
 Here's the only deal you're going to get, you little punk. 
 Your ass is going to rot inside a prison cell until they replace yellow cabs with spaceships in this city, you don't tell me who the hell shot Sammy Khan right now. 
 Do you understand me? 
 Who did it? 
 Who did it?! 
 I said, who?! 
 My roommate Raheem, he shot Sammy. 
 Why? 
 Why did Raheem shoot Sammy? 
 He would not tell me. 
 He would only say, "Sammy deserves to die." 
 (door opens) 
 (phone chiming) 
 Hey, Jamie, man, what's going on, bro? 
 I'll be right back, Coach. I forgot something. 
 Melissa? 
 Hey! 
 (grunting) 
 (panting) 
 It's okay. 
 It's okay. It's okay. 
 Everything's okay. 
 I knew you believed me. 
 It's all right. I got him. 
 Oh, my God. 
 It's my brother. 
 My own brother? 
 What? No, no, no, no, no. No, no. 
 No, it's all right. I got him. I got him. You're okay. 
 Everything's all right. 
 He can't hurt you. 
 You're down to three hours. What do you got? 
 Well, we got an I.D. on the shooter. 
 He's a Raheem Davi out of Pakistan. He's Malik's roommate. 
 Problem is Malik has no idea why Raheem shot Sammy. 
 You got a location on the guy? He's in the wind. 
 But about 15 minutes after the shooting, Raheem started making calls to Farrah Ahmed. 
 She never answered. She never returned the calls. All right. 
 Our people in Pakistan confirm Farrah's story. 
 Her father did have a heart attack last week. 
 (phone rings) 
 Excuse me. 
 My people are telling me that Farrah is landing at JFK in less than an hour. 
 All right. I'll get on it. 
 Danny, knowing who shot Sammy Khan is not enough. 
 I need to know why. 
 Yes, sir. 
 Excuse me. 
 DANNY: There. The girl in the scarf. 
 Is that her? Mm-hmm. 
 Excuse me. Farrah Ahmed? 
 Who are you? Police. We need to speak to you. 
 Come on. Come with us. 
 Why?! I haven't done anything. 
 What is this, some kind of profiling? 
 Listen, nobody's profiling you, okay? 
 It's about Sammy Khan. Have a seat. 
 What about Sammy Khan? 
 How close were you and Sammy? 
 Sammy's a good friend. 
 He always looks out for me. 
 Why? 
 What's happened? 
 He's been shot. 
 Oh, no. 
 Is Sammy going to be okay? 
 Well, he has the world's best doctors, so... 
 Listen, I need to ask you about Raheem Davi. 
 How long have you known him? Raheem? Why? 
 Our-our families are friendly back in Pakistan. 
 Come from the same village. 
 They made plans for us. 
 They expected you to marry? 
 In their dreams. 
 Which is the only place it'll ever happen. 
 But Raheem's become obsessed with the idea that I'm his property. 
 He's been calling me nonstop for the last two days begging to see me. 
 I wonder why. 
 He shoot Sammy, my God. 
 Look, is there any other reason why Raheem may have shot Sammy? 
 Raheem's crazy jealous. 
 He never liked Sammy. 
 Even before I met him, so I... can't say for sure. 
 Will you help us catch him? Raheem? 
 Farrah, you came back. 
 RAHEEM (over radio): I knew you would come. 
 Did you hear about Sammy? 
 What about him? 
 He was shot. 
 Why would anyone shoot Sammy? 
 Who shot him is not important. 
 Maybe it's a good thing. 
 He's was trying to come between us. 
 Now we don't have to worry about him anymore. 
 But he's my friend. 
 He is a low-class animal who does not respect tradition. 
 Forget about him. 
 Did you shoot Sammy? 
 Now you can be mine finally and totally. 
 No one can come between us, as our families have ordained. 
 I'm not going to marry you. 
 I'm going to love the man I marry. 
 That's why I came to America. 
 Why did you shoot Sammy?! 
 Why?! 
 I shot him because of you. 
 And I will shoot him 
 1,000 times over and over again. 
 I'll make a monument out of his grave. 
 DANNY: Hey! Hey! 
 It's all right. 
 You got nowhere to go, buddy. 
 Park is surrounded, so let the woman go. 
 Come on! 
 Call for backup! Cut him off! 
 Come here! 
 (grunting and groaning) 
 (knife clanging on concrete) 
 Come here! 
 There you go. There you go. What?! 
 Get his arm. Get his arm! 
 What did you do it for, huh? 
 Lousy stinking jealousy! 
 That's the best news I've heard in two days. 
 That's fantastic. Get him out of here. 
 Yeah, Commissioner Reagan, please. 
 Nice work, Detective. 
 I got 36 minutes with nothing to do. 
 Sammy's cover is still intact. 
 The operation is a go. 
 36 minutes. 
 That's quite a son you've got there. 
 What happened? 
 Well, Detective, you got shot. 
 So they tell me, sir. 
 Sorry about that. 
 We can talk about what happened later. 
 I want to stay in the program. 
 Well, the good news is your cover is still intact. 
 Do you remember what you asked me when I started? 
 I think so. 
 I asked if you thought you could make the sacrifices required, and you said that, uh, the same radicals attacked your family back home. 
 That's right. 
 America gave me safe harbor from that. 
 America gave me the chance to fight for what's right. 
 That is a debt I have sworn to repay. 
 You know, Sammy, when I first became a cop, the bad guys were pretty easy to figure out. 
 They were no less bad, but... now the threats come from all over the globe. 
 I can't win this battle without men like you. 
 I'll make a deal with you. 
 You heal up, we'll talk about it. 
 Thank you, sir. 
 Well, actually, Sammy, thank you. 
 (grunting) 
 Yeah, yeah. Come on. 
 (bell dings) 
 Time! 
 Good work, kid. 
 So I guess this is the part where I say I'm sorry. 
 That I was wrong. 
 You were right. 
 Oh, it was just some weird hunch I had that she was on the level, you know? 
 Lucky for Melissa, you stayed with it, 'cause I was no help to the girl. 
 So why did the brother do it? 
 Family cut him out of the will, so all the money was going to her. 
 But if she was declared incompetent, he's next of kin, all the money goes to him. 
 Ah, the root of all evil. 
 I'm glad I was born good-looking instead of rich. 
 Still, nice work. 
 I should have known better. 
 You got something special. 
 Different kind of, I don't know, instinct. 
 You remind me of your brother Joe. 
 Thanks, Sarge. 
 You're welcome. 
 Hey. How's it going? 
 Reagan. 
 Hey. 
 Detective Malevsky. 
 What's going on? 
 We didn't get a chance to talk the other day. 
 (laughing): Your brother, Danny-- what a hot dog. 
 Grandstanding that judge. 
 He's a good detective, though. 
 So was your brother Joe. 
 That's what people say. 
 You know... we worked together, in the Warrant Squad. 
 Lydia Gonsalves worked there, too, but... you knew that already. 
 Boy, I bet, with your brother killed in the line of duty, your family worries about you. 
 Just... make sure you're careful. 
 It can be dangerous out here. 
 Nice car. 
 FRANK: At 4:00 this afternoon,  detectives from the New York City Intelligence Division took into custody four Pakistani nationals for allegedly plotting a bioterrorism attack against New York City's water supply system. 
 I would like to introduce Deputy Commissioner Soren, head of NYPD Intelligence, to brief you on the details of this operation. 
 SOREN: Good afternoon. 
 Uh, first I would like to stress that this was a serious threat made by a sophisticated cell whose members were hell-bent on seeing the realization of their plan, and that if executed... 
 You know, I think Sammy was a cop. 
 What makes you say that? 
 You think I'm a lousy detective? 
 What kind of question is that? 
 Well... when I mentioned 
 9/11, you didn't react. 
 And then you tell me to get out of the Malik interrogation. 
 And, uh, what really tipped it off is you stopped talking to me... like my stupid ex-husband used to do. 
 (Soren continues talking on TV) 
 You know, you can trust me, Danny, with anything. 
 I already know that. 
 Do you? Yeah. 
 'Cause I think you're a great detective. 
 SOREN:...city, state, this great country. 
 Now I'd like to turn the microphone back to Commissioner Reagen. 
 FRANK: Here in New York City, we have learned, firsthand... that our enemies will stop at nothing to inflict harm upon us. 
 And for those who would assail this great metropolis, hear this: Our fight against you will respect no clock, no calendar, no boundary. 
 In short, we will stop at nothing to hunt you down and bring you to justice. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 