Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x17 - Silver Star - Blue Bloods 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x17 - Silver Star https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=196&t=12134 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/19/11 15:53 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x17 - Silver Star 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 ♪ ♪ 
♪ Down in a hole, and I don't know if I can be saved ♪ 
♪ See my heart, I decorate it ♪ 
♪ Like a grave ♪ 
♪ You don't understand ♪ 
♪ Who they thought I was supposed to be... ♪ 
 Hey, how's it going, Chief? 
 Big day. 
 ♪ Let himself be ♪ 
 Here you go. Beer. 
 And bagel. 
 You know, it's going to be cold tonight. You should find a shelter. 
 I'm good. Squared away. 
 ♪ Bury me softly in this womb ♪ 
 ♪ Oh, I want to be inside of you ♪ 
 ♪ I give this part of me to you... ♪ 
 GIRL: Is he going to be your guest? 
 Thanks. 
 (dance music plays) 
 ♪ Money makes the world go round ♪ 
 Hey! Here it is, here it is! 
 Whoa! Here we go, here we go. 
 Take 'em. 
 All right! 
 Hey! 
 To the greatest city in the world! 
 And to the men who built it! 
 To the Cassidys! 
 (cheering) 
 Oh, that's nice. 
 (faint sounds of helicopters, machine-gun fire, shouting) 
 Shh! 
 (laughs) 
 Ah, man. It's freezing out here. 
 I'd jump into the Hudson River to get away from those cows. 
 How'd we lose all the hot chicks? Shh! 
 Hey... 
 Check this guy out. 
 Yo! 
 (posh English accent): Are you pimping your crib? 
 (laughing) Hey, what's the best part about dating the homeless? 
 I'm asking you! 
 You can drop 'em off wherever you want. 
 Ha, that's good. 
 I don't want any problems. 
 Well, it's a little late for that. 
 You live on the street. You got problems. 
 Hey, what's that? 
 What'd you steal? 
 It's mine. Come on, if it's yours you would've pawned it by now. What is that? Is that a medal? 
 Here, let me see it. 
 Ooh! Oh! 
 (karate shout) 
 Oh, ho. 
 Come on, man. Give it up. It doesn't belong to you. 
 Whoa. Whoa. 
 Oh, you got beer on his coat. 
 This is a $3,000 
 camel-hair, dirtbag. 
 (grunting) 
 (laughs) 
 You stay where the hell I put you, loser. 
 Wow. 
 It's a service medal. 
 Some vet's gonna thank me. 
 You think he's okay? 
 Yeah, he's fine. I just winged him. 
 Cas, your coat is jacked. 
 CASSIDY: Aw... 
 (groans) 
 Come on. Come on. 
 Let's get out of here. 
 Come on! 
 (laughs) 
 Come on! 
 Go, let's go! 
 (roaring) 
 Hey, what do we got? 
 Hey, Danny. 
 Call came in as a 54 unconscious. 
 By the time the sector car arrived, the guy was already dead. Who called it in? 
 Janitor. Works over there in that building across there and, uh, he found the body at 0330. 
 All right, where's the janitor? 
 He had to run home and get his grandkids ready for school. 
 What? Yeah. 
 You let a witness walk away from a homicide? 
 Dan, come on. We got the guy's pedigree, okay? We know where he works. 
 Danny, it's not like the vic's going anywhere. 
 I don't care if it's the mayor, you don't let a witness walk away from a homicide. 
 Now let's check the surrounding blocks for surveillance video, all right? Yeah. 
 Where's this door lead? 
 That's the, uh, Brass 9 Club. 
 Is anyone in there that I could speak to? 
 POLICEMAN: Nah, it closed at 3:00 a.m. 
 They were all gone by the time the call came in. 
 "Semper Fi." 
 This guy's a Marine. 
 Jack... this guy's a Marine. 
 Really? 
 James Phelps. See if you can run down the next of kin from that, all right? Yeah. 
 Hey, where's the wagon? We're waiting. 
 How long you been waiting? Long time, Dan. 
 Yeah, it's Detective First Grade Daniel Reagan. 
 We're waiting on a M.E. wagon at 54th and 12th, what's your holdup? 
 I don't give a damn what... 
 Hey, you get your ass down here now, okay? 
 I got a dead Marine lying in an alley. 
 Well, do better than your best! 
 JACKIE: All right. 
 That's not James Phelps. 
 What? I just ran him through HIDTA, and uh, Phelps was killed in action in Afghanistan in 2009. 
 Who the hell is this guy? 
 What's he doing wearing a dead Marine's dog tags? 
 Blue Bloods - Season 1, Episode 17 
 "Silver Star" 
 (scoffs) 
 (knocking) 
 Hey. Morning. 
 Hey. Morning. 
 Nice surprise. 
 Well, I thought I'd ride in with you. 
 Well, I'll enjoy your company. 
 Coffee? 
 No, I'm good. 
 Have you seen the Ledger? 
 No, Pop always gets it first, for the sports page. 
 That's right. 
 Ray Curston's column. 
 He makes it sound like you're leveraging all this hero stuff to make a run for City Hall. 
 Where'd this come from? 
 ERIN: A poll came out yesterday, showing that your approval ratings are twice that of the mayor's. 
 Well, a police commissioner, if he's doing his job right, will always have higher poll numbers than his mayor. 
 I don't think the mayor sees it that way. 
 Not with double his numbers. 
 You think he's behind this? 
 It wouldn't surprise me. 
 He doesn't like to stand in anyone's shadow, and you've cast a pretty long one, especially after the assassination attempt. 
 This is libel! Francis, what are you going to do about it? 
 Well, as your daughter first, and as a lawyer second, I urge you not to respond. 
 If I got upset every time somebody did a negative piece about me, I'd be... 
 The mayor? 
 And I'm not. 
 (laughs) 
 Okay, Dad, I know, but... I know you. 
 And if the mayor's going around making you sound like a... glory hound, you're not going to just sit there. 
 So... what are you going to do? 
 I'm going to finish my coffee. 
 And then I'm going to enjoy a nice ride into town with my lovely daughter. 
 DANNY: How we doing  on the vic's prints? Uh... 
 I have an expedite on it. 
 If he was military, it's gonna pop pretty quick. 
 With that tattoo, he was a Marine. 
 You stay on top of the prints, okay? 
 Yeah. I'll go check now. 
 Hey, Reagan. 
 It's the guy who found your vic in the alley. 
 Hey. Thanks for coming down. 
 Yeah. You told the responding officers this man was killed between 2:45 and 3:30, is that right? 
 Yeah. Okay. This man, the victim, did he have any beefs that you know about, any problems with someone else living in the street? 
 Not that I ever saw. 
 How about drug problems, you ever see him using? 
 Nah. Well, he was pretty banged up, from the war, so... sometimes he gets on the prescription meds. 
 Okay. Anybody else live in this alley? 
 Just a woman, a girl, really. 
 Uh... maybe 20. 
 Sissy. 
 She was gone when I came down and... and, uh, found the body. 
 Okay. Him and this, this woman, were they a couple? 
 Nah. Nah, but he always looked out for her. 
 Can you do me a favor, you work with our sketch artist, try to come up with a description of Sissy? Yeah. 
 Yeah, yeah, absolutely. Thank you. 
 You know, I came back from 'Nam, had a couple shaky years. 
 I never hit the street. 
 But let me tell you: there but for the grace of God. 
 Amen to that, brother. 
 (whispers): Yeah. 
 I got it. Come on. 
 JACKIE: Hey. 
 Prints came back from the Department of Defense. 
 We have a positive ID on the vic. It's Michael Oates. 
 No next of kin listed on his military records, but there is a Kimberly Lane that is listed as an emergency contact. All right. 
 Look, um, this guy was a Marine brother, Jack. 
 I'm gonna make the notification on my own, all right? 
 He was the most popular kid in school. 
 Everyone loved him. 
 But he never had it easy. 
 Why's that? 
 His dad worked in the freight yards. 
 He was killed in an accident when Michael was six. 
 His mom died when he was still in high school. 
 He pretty much raised himself. 
 What happened to Michael after the war? 
 He came back from that third tour in Afghanistan two years ago. 
 He was a changed person. 
 He had some trouble with pain pills, and then drinking. 
 He was in and out of therapy for post-traumatic stress. 
 When's the last time you saw him? 
 Three months ago. 
 I drove him up to rehab in Vermont. 
 He signed himself out after two days. 
 It was kinda like a last straw for me. 
 He left me these when he moved out. 
 His medals. 
 Couple Bronze Stars, a Purple Heart. 
 Hell of a Marine. 
 The only one he kept was the Silver Star. 
 Michael had a Silver Star? 
 For bravery in combat. 
 He never let it out of his sight. 
 He didn't have a Silver Star with him when we found him. 
 He never would have let that go. 
 He had a dog tag, though. 
 Another Marine-- a James Phelps. 
 Do you know who that was? 
 Michael's best friend. 
 They grew up together, enlisted together, fought together. 
 James didn't make it home? 
 I hope you're going to find out who did this and make them pay for what they did. 
 Semper Fi. 
 D.C.P.I.'s not scheduled to be back from vacation until next Thursday. 
 But he offered to return sooner if this story blows up. 
 No, he's earned his time off. 
 I'll handle the press till he gets back. 
 I'll need five minutes without interruption. 
 Yes, sir. 
 (phone beeps) 
 Hey, Dad. 
 Hey, got a minute? 
 Yeah, for the police commissioner, of course. 
 For your father and a fellow Marine. 
 Okay. 
 I pulled Oates' citation for his Silver Star. 
 He was wounded and under heavy fire, but he saved six of his men. 
 And one didn't come home. 
 Yeah, he's, uh... 
 He was a hell of a Marine, Dad. 
 How you doing? 
 Well, I'm good. I'm just working the case. 
 I just thought knowing what happened to him over there might get to you. 
 I'm just trying to find the killer, Dad. 
 Just keep your head and build your case. 
 What are you saying to me, Dad? 
 You worried that I'm too pissed-off to work the case? 
 Is that it? 'Cause honestly, and with all due respect, if it was me that was the victim, I'd want the most royally pissed-off detective in the world trying to figure out who did it to me. 
 Danny, when a cop catches a case like this, he eats it and sleeps it. 
 He can disappear from his own life. 
 I got it, Dad. 
 If you find yourself on your third beer with the TV on and the door closed, put it down, turn it off and go find Linda and the kids. 
 Yeah. 
 Appreciate it. 
 JACKIE: Hey, Reagan, come here. 
 Look, I've been going through the video from around the crime scene area. 
 This is from a security camera two blocks away from the alley. Huh. 
 It's 3:15. It's right in our time frame. 
 Whoa, hold that. Can you zoom in on him? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 I'm gonna bet that's blood on his coat. 
 All right. Here we go. 
 Hot off the presses. Yeah. 
 My brother's really pushing hard on this case. 
 Hey, the victim was a Marine. 
 They never leave each other behind. Yeah. 
 I know Danny spent some time overseas with the Corps. 
 He never talks about it. 
 Guys who saw combat usually don't, in my experience. 
 My grandfather made it back from Korea, my dad from Vietnam and Danny from Iraq. 
 My junior year, I went to Europe. 
 I think it was the first time a man in my family left America without a rifle in his hands. 
 A regular diplomat. 
 WOMAN: Last night? Huge party for this major developer. 
 Guys were spending so fast and hard, it was like they were mad at their money. 
 What was the occasion? You know the West Gate Towers over on Tenth? 
 Yeah, the Cassidy project. 
 The family built half the city. 
 Those are the guys. 
 It was their topping off. 
 They had a brief program, and then it was pretty much a bacchanal. 
 The place was rocking till we closed at 3:00. 
 You guys got a security camera out back in the alley? 
 Are you kidding? No. 
 The only cameras they're paying for around here are pointed at the cash registers. 
 All right, how about this guy? 
 Do you recognize him from last night? 
 Uh, yeah. 
 Yeah, he's some sort of P.R. guy for the Cassidy Group. 
 He gave a speech. It was pretty funny stuff. 
 This comedian, he have a name? 
 This is the program for the event. 
 That's him. 
 "Ian Seroy-- 
 VP for Communications at Troy Cassidy Group, USA." 
 12th floor in the back. 
 I'm looking for Ian Seroy. 
 Hey. 
 Uh, he didn't make it in today. 
 Is he sick? No, actually, he just hasn't shown up. 
 I figured he must be sleeping it off. 
 Is he that kind of guy? 
 Look, you have an address for this guy? 
 Sure. 
 What happened to your hand? 
 I work on construction sites. You always get dinged. 
 I worked as a mason tender as a kid. 
 I never saw a white hat lift a finger, never mind get dinged on a site. 
 I'm a hands-on guy. 
 I bet you are. 
 What's your name? 
 Phelan, Mark Phelan. I'm the project manager. 
 Okay, take my card. 
 If he shows up, give us a call. 
 Sure. 
 Ian Seroy. 
 We hear you make great speeches. 
 Yeah. I'd love to hear what you got to say now. 
 You have the right to remain silent. 
 Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. 
 Great luggage. 
 You'll put a rush on that for us, won't you? 
 Thank you. 
 (door slams) 
 So, killer... 
 Stop that. Stop what? 
 Calling me killer. 
 What's your dress size? 
 My what? 
 You heard her. She said what's your dress size, killer? 
 I'm a public relations professional. 
 I-- I've got... 
 DANNY: You got what? 
 You got in over your head, that's what, huh? 
 Huh?! 
 (whimpering) 
 Are you crying? 
 He's crying. He's crying. 
 What are you crying about, huh? 
 What are you crying about? 
 You crying about what you and your two cowardly friends did last night, huh? 
 You beat a man and leave him to die in an alley, is that what you're crying about? 
 It was the... it was the drinking. 
 The whole... Everything just-- it just went... 
 Went? 
 It went... Went, went what? 
 It went... It's okay. Just tell us. 
 It just... It went... 
 It went so wrong. 
 I... I was caught in the scrum, and people, they were... they were throwing fists and insults, and the next thing you know, the... 
 A man was dead? 
 DANNY: It's okay. 
 It's okay. 
 I'm sorry. 
 We get a little emotional sometimes, you know. 
 You understand? 
 We know you didn't do it alone, okay? 
 It was Mark Phelan. 
 Right. And...? 
 And... Cassidy. 
 Your boss. My boss. 
 Yeah. The boss. 
 SEROY: God, everything just-- 
 just went so out of control. 
 Yeah... I didn't mean it. 
 I swear, I didn't mean it. 
 I'm not that kind of guy. I... 
 I... I didn't mean to hurt anyone. 
 Right. 
 Those are famous last words, killer. 
 Hey, Phil. 
 Getting awful tough on the Knicks. 
 (clearing throat) 
 Drink, Commissioner? 
 Love one, Ray, but if I did, I'd have to read about being a candidate for Betty Ford in your next column, so no. I had impeccable sources. 
 Really? Who? 
 With all due respect, no. 
 You could have called me. 
 You could have called my D.C.P.I. 
 Well, there's nothing to deny or rebut, Frank. 
 It's just a kind of think piece. 
 That's what you call it. 
 Humor me here, Ray. 
 I will give you a description of your source, and you nod if I'm right. 
 Aw, come on, Frank. You know I can't do that. 
 What I know is, you need access to my office a whole lot more than anyone else's. What I know is, "Headless Body in Topless Bar" is a lot more your bread and butter than "Mayor Promises Prompt Snow Removal." 
 You can't 86 me, Commissioner. 
 No, I can't. 
 But Ray, isn't it really all about how promptly your phone calls are returned? 
 Around 40, new in town, easy on the eyes? 
 What do you need me for? 
 Well, unlike some, I like to make sure my sources are solid and my facts are correct before I commit. 
 Now you're pushing. 
 Office in the Hall. 
 (sighs) 
 CASSIDY: When I hired you, you told me that you were intelligent. 
 Well, you lied, dumbass. 
 Troy Cassidy. 
 Yeah, that's me. 
 Just hang on a second. 
 Call the guy back and get him to do this again. 
 Because this is crap! 
 I mean... 
 And if he doesn't like it, then he's finished and so are you. 
 I said, "Troy Cassidy"! 
 Excuse me. I thought you guys were from the carpenters' union. 
 You know, you're not half as funny as you think you are, big shot. 
 In fact, you're under arrest for homicide. 
 That's ridiculous. 
 I haven't done a damn thing. 
 You know, they say when something bad happens to you, the first reaction is denial. 
 Something real bad's happening to you. 
 You got caught. 
 So your instincts are right on the money. 
 Let's go. 
 Call the lawyer. Let's go! 
 So I had the pleasure of meeting Larry and Curly. 
 Now I get to talk to Moe. 
 Understand you left the club with the other two Stooges. 
 I left by myself. 
 Really? What time was that? 
 I don't wear a watch. 
 Around 3:00. 
 3:00. Right around the time a man happened to be killed outside the club where you were throwing yourself a little party, huh? 
 It's a violent city. 
 And you're a violent man. 
 So we got a problem. 
 Your pal Ian Sorey says you and Mark Phelan killed that man. 
 Right in an alley behind the club. 
 That's nonsense. 
 Is it? 
 Besides, Sorey's a putz. 
 And he'd tell you anything you want to hear. 
 But Phelan-- I'd believe it. 
 Think he has a record. 
 I think he's even been to jail. 
 And yet you hired him. My father did. 
 He believed in second chances, but I think the guy's shady. 
 Now, is that just a coincidence that he takes off the minute you guys walk off the job site this morning when you came to look for Seroy? 
 He probably killed that bum. 
 That bum was a high school football star and a class valedictorian, and he gave up a scholarship to fight for his country to protect cowards like you. 
 He was a Marine. 
 Sounds like he made a lot of bad choices in life. 
 Maybe so. 
 You know, one day real soon, you're going to be a lonely, rich boy cowering away in punk city, terrified every day of your life. 
 And I'm going to come pay you a visit. 
 I'm going to ask you about the choices you made. 
 And we'll see what kind of smart-ass answers you got for me then, tough guy. 
 GORMLEY: Lawyers are here. 
 (door closes) 
 (chuckling) 
 Two lawyers, huh? Must be nice having Dad's money at your beck and call. 
 You know I make my own money? 
 Yeah, and I'm Jay-Z. 
 This way, tough guy. 
 You're not going home yet. 
 Open up. 
 Get inside. 
 Keep him cuffed. 
 You're a real tough guy with a badge and a gun, aren't you? 
 Ah, maybe you'll find out one day. 
 You want him? Go see a judge. 
 You are in over your head, Detective. 
 I'm in over my head? 
 I didn't kill a Marine. 
 You don't like it, sue me! 
 DANNY: What are you talking about here? 
 Ian Seroy admitted that him and the other two guys, they killed Michael Oates, and it was Cassidy who was the ringleader. 
 You know better than I do that in this state, uncorroborated codefendant testimony is not admissible. 
 Doesn't mean a damn thing. 
 Can we hold the guy for a day, at least? Please? 
 You see those lawyers trailing behind him? 
 They are not legal aid attorneys just fresh off the boat from Hucklebuck Law School. 
 Oh, so two fancy suits with nice haircuts show up and my sister's backing down? 
 No, I'm just waiting for my brother to show up with some evidence I can actually use to nail the guy. 
 Okay. This Phelan guy-- 
 his doorman called, said he saw him go out the back door of his apartment building. 
 Great. Let's go. 
 I'll put him through the system. 
 It'll buy you a day. 
 That's the sister that I know and love. 
 (tires squeal) 
 Where's he going? 
 Come on. 
 (horn honking, tires screeching) 
 Let me see your hands! 
 I said put your hands where I can see them! 
 There ain't a rat hole on Earth you can hide from me, scumbag. 
 Turn around. 
 Spread your legs. 
 I was not running from anything. 
 JACKIE: Really? 
 You just wake up one morning and decide, "Hey, I'm going to get a one-way ticket to Johannesburg?" 
 DANNY: You know, your pal Ian Seroy put you front and center at the scene of an assault that turned into a murder. 
 We found your blood type at the scene. 
 Probably from your little... 
 (groans) 
 battle wound there. 
 So what are we going to find? 
 We going to find that DNA is a match to you? Huh? 
 'Cause you can lie all you want, punk, but the DNA never lies. 
 (sighs) 
 What happened? 
 Why'd you kill him? 
 He was harassing us, begging in our face, all aggressive. 
 I told him to step off. 
 Mmm. "Step off." 
 The guy swung at me, and Seroy started punching him. 
 The guy was a handful-- like, almost crazy-- 
 so I went to pull him off. 
 But he fell to the ground. 
 Maybe he hit his head. 
 So it was just you and Seroy? 
 What about your boss Cassidy? 
 Cassidy? 
 (kicks table) 
 I said, what about Cassidy? 
 Cassidy wasn't even there. 
 (sighs) 
 
 
 
 JACKIE: Hey. 
 We got a DNA match on Phelan and nothing on Cassidy. Look at this. 
 It's all starting to make sense now. 
 Bunch of cell phone calls between Cassidy and Phelan. 
 Started right after we went after Seroy. 
 Two buddies getting their stories straight. 
 Yeah, but we can't prove anything on these phone calls. 
 I know. 
 Why would Phelan lie for a scumbag like Cassidy? 
 Hey, if your daddy gave you $100 million, you'd probably use it to keep you out of a prison cell. 
 GORMLEY: Hey, look at this-- I came up with five assault complaints against Cassidy over the last decade. 
 Charges dropped on every one of them. 
 What? Yep. 
 This vic lost an eye. 
 This one was in a medically-induced coma. 
 Victims refused to testify. 
 'Cause Cassidy's paying off his victims. 
 Yeah. Looks that way to me. 
 Yeah, and this time, the victim died, so he's paying off accomplices. 
 Right. 
 DANNY: That girl. 
 We got to find this girl, Sissy. 
 She was in the alley that night. 
 She probably saw the whole thing. 
 And if Cassidy's paying off Phelan, it's the only way we're going to make a case against him. 
 (siren wailing in distance) 
 In your line of work, I suppose you get used to uncomfortable silences. 
 It's like a muscle you develop. 
 Nifty little job of recycling. 
 Recycling? You come to me with some flattering offers for magazine profiles. 
 I decline, you call Ray Curston and make it sound like they were my idea. 
 I suppose that's one way to look at it. 
 You got another way? 
 Dozens. It's what I do. 
 I don't want to get into a spitting contest with you. 
 The title on my card, Frank... 
 May I call you Frank? 
 Apparently, you think you can call me anything you want. 
 It reads, "Deputy Press Secretary, Office of the Mayor"" 
 Does your press secretary ever go off to the media with a spin you didn't personally approve? 
 Not if he wanted to keep his job. 
 I like my job, Frank. 
 I like the city it's brought me to. 
 And I'd like to think you know that this wasn't my idea. 
 (sighs) 
 What I want to know is, when you pushed back, when you told him that slanting me like that would be stark-naked not true, what'd he say? 
 You think too much of me, Commissioner. 
 Oh, I don't think we're in any danger of that. 
 I owe you one. 
 Well, as we used to say when I was a kid... nice to see ya, wouldn't want to be ya. 
 (siren wails in distance) 
 JAMIE: Sissy. 
 (gasping) 
 No, no, it's okay. 
 It's all right. It's okay. No. Leave me alone. 
 I knew you'd come back to honor Michael. 
 We just want to talk about Michael, okay? 
 We just want to find out what happened to him. 
 Okay? We just want to talk. 
 It's all right. Come on. You come with us? 
 You saw all three of them hit him, right? 
 Which one did what? 
 This one was the worst. 
 Why? 
 Michael was... fighting with this one, and this one hit Michael in the head with a bat. 
 And then... 
 Michael wasn't moving anymore. 
 A bat? Like a... a baseball bat? 
 Where... where did this bat come from? 
 It was Michael's. He kept it for protection. 
 And this guy hit him with it. 
 What did they do with the bat? 
 Did they leave it, take it with them? Can you remember? 
 Took it, I think. 
 Okay. Anything else? 
 When they were running away, they were all laughing. 
 (Danny sighs) 
 Look, I'll get coverage from the scene and the surrounding area. 
 We'll find it. 
 I know. 
 ERIN: I understand. 
 Thanks. 
 That was my boss. 
 Sissy's statement gives us another piece of the puzzle, but we could use that physical evidence. I'll find the bat. 
 All right, well, hopefully you can find the bat and there will be some usable prints. 
 I'm doing the best I can here. 
 Would it be possible to get just a little bit of love maybe from your people? Just one time? 
 I can put Sissy in a hotel, get her cleaned up. 
 I can work with her on how to give a credible testimony. 
 But she is still a homeless girl with a record of prostitution and drugs. 
 Come on. 
 This girl has no reason to lie. 
 She is going to get destroyed on the stand. 
 If Cassidy walks, you can't try this case again-- double jeopardy. 
 If you want me to put Sissy on the stand and roll the dice with her, I will do it. 
 Just make sure you can handle both outcomes. 
 I've had convictions on weaker cases, but half the time, it's because the defendant shows up with a public defender that's completely burnt out. 
 Well, I like to think we're in the business of leveling the playing field for victims, but... 
 ERIN: What burns me is every one of Cassidy's lawyers is a former prosecutor. 
 Law school's expensive. 
 You got to pay for those student loans somehow. 
 Yeah. 
 (clearing throat): And... here we have cheesecake from Junior's. 
 Wow. ERIN: Mmm. 
 Ooh. 
 I remember the summer they opened-- 1950. 
 I had 16-inch biceps. 
 The Dodgers were in a playoff run. 
 "Mona Lisa" was playing on the radio. 
 LINDA: When does Nicky get back from her dad's? 
 Oh, I got to pick her up later. 
 Wait till she hears you got her tickets  to American Idiot on Broadway. 
 No, babe. You okay? 
 DANNY: Yeah. LINDA: Barely said anything. 
 Yeah. Tough case to shake, honey. 
 JAMIE: Is it true that guy was wearing his best friend's dog tags when you found him, Danny? 
 Yeah. HENRY: Yeah, he's the guy that he couldn't save the night he earned his Silver Star. 
 What's a Silver Star? 
 FRANK: It's one of our country's highest awards for bravery in combat. 
 Like a trophy for football? 
 No, Sean. 
 It's not at all like that. 
 There are some things we do in life that are more important than the things we do for fun. 
 Are you gonna catch the bad guys, Dad? 
 Yeah. 
 I'll do my best. 
 It's kind of like I always tell you and your brother, you know-- if you believe in something, you keep fighting for it, no matter what. 
 That's what your grandpa always taught me. 
 And Pop taught me. 
 Down the generations. 
 I guess that makes catching the bad guys the right thing to do, right? 
 Uh-huh. 
 (clears throat) 
 Excuse me, Dad. 
 When you see yourself in a victim it really eats away at you. 
 LINDA: You've been a million miles away  these past few days. 
 What's going on? 
 There was this one night. 
 I was out on patrol in Iraq. I sprained my ankle. 
 Stepped in a ditch or something, I don't know. 
 Hmm. Anyway, I was fine. 
 I got back to the fire base, I iced it up. No problem. 
 The next day they... they sent somebody else out in my place. 
 Bobby LaRue. 
 I called him Chuckles, you know? 
 (laughs) 
 Like the candy. Like the candy Gramp likes. 
 Sweetest hillbilly kid you ever met. 
 He was out about 20 minutes, you know... 
 ...before a sniper put a round through his neck. 
 He was 19. 
 (stifled sob) 
 (voice breaking): Stupid kid. 
 It should've been me. 
 No. 
 No. 
 Some days I look at you, and I look at my boys... 
 ...and I just think, did that 
 19-year-old kid have to give his life so I could have all this? 
 Troy Cassidy. 
 My lawyer says you can't come near me. 
 I don't see any lawyers around. 
 What do you want? 
 Thought about what you said. 
 So I left my gun and badge behind. 
 Just stay away from me. 
 Where you going? Huh? 
 What do you think you're doing? What do you think you're doing? 
 Not so tough now it's one-on-one, huh? 
 Who the hell do you think you are, huh? 
 Tell you what. 
 (siren whoops) 
 I'm the guy who's gonna make you pay for your sins once and for all, punk, once and for all! Hey! 
 Take it easy! Get off me! 
 Take it easy! Get off me! 
 You all right? Yeah, yeah. I'm fine. I'm fine. 
 DANNY: I'm gonna get you. 
 One way or another, I'm gonna get you! 
 Oh! Take it easy. I'm on the job. 
 Take care of your guy. You live here? 
 Take it easy, man. 
 Yeah, I own the building. 
 You don't want to get jammed up over this clown. 
 Getting inside a perp's head is a good, solid tactic, but still, you're lucky those were old-school cops. 
 All I wanted to do was to let Cassidy know that he's not out of reach, and that he will never be out of reach. 
 If you can't keep your emotions in check, I will sit you down just like I would anybody else. 
 I've lost my head. 
 You know, I saw the smug look on Cassidy's face, and just thinking that a guy like him can get away with killing a Marine like Michael Oates? 
 We all know what he went through over there. 
 To think he could walk through that hell storm and come back here and end up dead like a dog in the streets of his own city? 
 Taking Cassidy down will not bring Michael Oates back, and it will not give you answers to what happened in Iraq. 
 What it will do is bring a killer to justice, and that has to be enough here. 
 Look... 
 Cassidy's got money, but he's not a professional killer. 
 He made mistakes. 
 It's up to you to make him pay for it. 
 Yes, sir. 
 That the stuff from the search of Phelan's loft? 
 Yeah, Sarge. 
 Crying shame if a punk like Cassidy gets away with murder. 
 Well, we got two choices. Get Phelan to tell the truth or come up with some physical evidence that ties Cassidy to the scene of the crime... What is it? 
 It's a taxi receipt from the night of the murder. 
 Times out right around the time of the killing. 
 Greedy son of a bitch. 
 Phelan used a taxi for a getaway car. 
 I gotta find this cab driver. All right. 
 SUE: The mayor finishes his remarks and hands off to the commissioner. 
 The commissioner awards the plaque, a few softball questions, and we're out. If you get any questions about me running for mayor, you'll take them. 
 I will? And say it was a misunderstanding on your part. 
 That sounds like an order, Frank. 
 No, it's just a friendly request. 
 I, I can't pretend to speak for you. 
 Recent history suggests otherwise. 
 Give us a moment. Certainly. 
 I'm not sure I'm following you, here. 
 Your press office fed Ray Curston with an impression of me that we both know to be wildly inaccurate. 
 No, that's just Ray on a slow news day, stirring the pot. 
 That's not what happened. 
 End of the day, we're both in the people business, Frank. 
 Once in a while, you take one for the team. 
 I never really thought of us as a team. 
 No? Well, the last time I looked, they don't hold elections for sheriff in this town. 
 It's an appointed position. 
 It's appointed by me. 
 I know that. 
 Okay, so you give a little, and you get a little. 
 I gave; what do I get? 
 You get to be my police commissioner. 
 DANNY: Excuse me. 
 Hey, your boss said the guy who usually does the overnights called in sick on Thursday. 
 Says you did a double in his place. 
 That's right. JACKIE: We spoke to a cab driver that said he took this man here, waited for him. Do you know who this is? 
 That's the project manager. Mark Phelan. 
 He came by at... 
 3:30. He ran in, said he'd be a minute. 
 What'd he do? He went into the office for a minute. 
 And when he was leaving, he tossed a Hefty bag into the Dumpster. 
 This Dumpster right here? 
 When's the last time they picked this up? 
 Every Monday. The guy should be here any minute. 
 JACKIE: You find a bat in there? 
 Not a bat. 
 Something better. It's a coat. 
 And it's covered with blood. 
 JACKIE: "TKC." 
 Troy Kennedy Cassidy. 
 Son of a bitch. 
 Okay. Let me run this into the car. 
 Where's Troy Cassidy right now? 
 Up on ten. 
 Up on ten, huh? 
 CASSIDY: Absolutely not. Abso... 
 Listen. I have to go, call you back. 
 What the hell do you want now? 
 Look familiar? 
 You're under arrest for the murder of Michael Oates. 
 Now turn around. 
 Turn around. 
 I was hoping you'd do something stupid. 
 (grunting and groaning) 
 Now how the hell do you like it, huh? 
 How's it feel, huh? 
 You like getting hit when you're down? 
 Here, want to see how he felt? 
 Huh? Huh? 
 (panting) 
 (choked sobs) 
 Reagan? It's okay. 
 It's all right. Just cuff him. 
 Just cuff him. 
 PRIEST: Eternal rest grant unto him, oh, Lord, and may perpetual light shine upon him. 
 May he rest in peace. Amen. 
 May his soul, and all the souls of the faithful departed, through the mercy of God rest in peace. 
 In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit, Amen. 
 (bugler playing "Taps") 
 If I didn't have this family, who's to say that wouldn't be me? 
 You do have us, Danny. 
 Never forget that. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 