Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x03 - Privilege - Blue Bloods 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x03 - Privilege https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=196&t=12120 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/17/10 18:08 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x03 - Privilege 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 (bells tolling) 
 Econ 3200-- where juniors go to die. 
 Here's what I learned. 
 The Laffer curve? Not so funny. 
 You sure you don't want to come with us? 
 And put down this page-turner? 
 I'll catch you guys later. 
 (tires screech) 
 (gasping) 
 No! 
 (groans) 
 What, are you flying solo, Reagan? 
 My partner banged in sick. 
 What do we got? 
 Uh, victim's n is Courtney Thurman. 
 She's a freshman at the college. 
 She was on her way home from the library. 
 Next thing she knows, perp's got her on the ground, yanks her jeans, rips her underwear. 
 And then the crazy part. 
 He didn't finish the deed. Yeah. 
 This is the second sexual assault we had on campus tonight. 
 Send your kid to college to get an education, instead, you get some mutt collecting trophies. 
 How's the girl? 
 She's okay. 
 She's a little shook up. 
 She seems like a pretty good kid. 
 She able to identify the perp? 
 No, some goon with a stocking pulled over his face. She say anything about an SUV? Yeah, she said she was followed by a Black Escalade. 
 Great-- panties, stocking, Escalade. 
 It's the same MO. 
 We got a sexual predator on a spree. 
 No, no, no, you got to go back the other way. 
 I got it. I got it. 
 Yeah. Right. 
 (laughs) 
 Yeah. 
 Ow. 
 (laughs) 
 No, you're supposed to hit the other guy in the head. 
 Yeah, yeah. SYDNEY: What about Morgan Hall? 
 Remember Patricia's wedding? 
 It was beautiful, wasn't it? 
 Sure, Syd. 
 I was thinking about going topless to the wedding. 
 You okay with that? 
 Sounds good. 
 Did you see that? 
 No. Do it again. 
 Ah. Yeah. 
 Getting there. 
 I got to. 
 ERIN: Whatever you do, stay away from Morgan Hall. 
 The food? 
 The bad luck. 
 (sighs) 
 What's wrong, Syd? 
 You have your own problems. 
 You don't need to hear mine. 
 The only problem I have right now is in San Francisco with my daughter. 
 Want a cup of tea? 
 It's just... 
 You know, I'm happy Jamie's doing something he loves. 
 It's nothing. 
 A Harvard lawyer put a ring on your finger, and you're walking down the aisle with a rookie cop? 
 You have every reason to be thrown by that. 
 No, it's not that, really. 
 I'd marry Jamie if he worked a booth in the Midtown Tunnel. 
 Just as long as I didn't feel like he loved taking tolls more than he loved talking to me. 
 You can't take it personally, Syd. 
 It's not you. It's the job. 
 It's like my mother used to say. 
 A woman cannot compete with the gun and the shield. 
 Is that why you never dated any cops? 
 Geez. Yeah. 
 Probably. Instead, I married a defense attorney who turned out to be a sleazebag. 
 So what do I know? 
 (laughs) 
 DANNY: Anything else, Courtney? 
 Can you describe his voice? 
 He never said a word. 
 What about his hands? 
 Were they rough, soft? 
 Did they have any distinct odor coming off him? 
 I'm sorry. 
 (sniffling) 
 It just happened so suddenly, you know? 
 I do. 
 It's all right. 
 It's all right. 
 Hey, Detective? 
 Yeah. 
 Excuse me. Yeah. 
 Anonymous call to 911 just reported a female screaming for help eight blocks from here. 
 You're kidding me. 
 All right. 
 This is so Nick and Nora. I mean, this whole place to ourselves? 
 How do you do it? In this economy? 
 I just called around till I found someone who needed business. 
 No. That veal chop would have a line around the corner. 
 Well, maybe this is the night he closes. 
 But he opened just for you. 
 Well, maybe someone saved his life once. 
 Well... 
 Someone saved his life once? 
 Robber had a knife at his throat, and then he didn't. 
 Well, this is a risk, Frank. 
 Well, risk is the price you pay for opportunity. 
 And what sort of opportunity? 
 The opportunity of sitting across from you at dinner, thinking about later. 
 Hmm. 
 (phone buzzes) 
 (sighs) 
 (heavy sigh) 
 Keep it off the air. 
 I want the Chief of D's there to brief me. 
 Same with Manhattan North. 
 Am I going to see you later? 
 I don't think so. 
 Anything you'd like to share? 
 Yes, there is. 
 (laughs) 
 Gee, thanks. 
 I'm sorry about this. 
 (sighs) 
 Yeah, get me the news desk. 
 Hey, it's Kelly. 
 Listen, there's something happening Manhattan North, and it's not on the police radio. 
 DANNY: Talk to me. 
 Victim's Lauren Ryder-- student at the university. 
 She's beat pretty bad, not saying much too much. 
 But I'll tell you this. 
 The guy who raped her was a mean son of a bitch. 
 Hold on. He raped her? 
 Yeah. 
 Great. So this guy's been building up the courage all night to finally take what he wanted. 
 The only good news is that, in the struggle, she grabbed at the perp's mask. 
 Got a glimpse of him before he hit her again. 
 She able to I.D. the guy? 
 Caucasian, medium build. 
 Thinks he's got brown hair. 
 Oh. That's a start. 
 WOMAN: Two students were attacked, and then there was an escalation to rape. 
 We have a sexual predator targeting university co-eds. 
 That's why you called me in? 
 I felt it was important, sir. 
 Baker, you did good. 
 Where are we at with it? 
 Chief of D's had all surveillance video pulled from the area's ARGUS system and forwarded it to Major Case. 
 Manhattan North has doubled police patrols. 
 Get the names and numbers for the victims' families. 
 They should hear from the NYPD before the press breaks this. 
 Commissioner. 
 (KELLY on TV): Yes, Joe, we are here live. 
 It's a gruesome scene at Morningside Park as the latest victim in a string of assaults... 
 Can you turn up the volume on that one? 
 ...here on the scene, and unfortunately, they're aren't any suspects yet, but the police are canvassing the area, so hopefully, we'll hear something soon. 
 Pretty soon, they'll be able to report the news before it happens. 
 (sighs) 
 ♪ Blue Bloods 1x03 ♪ 
 Priviledge 
 Original Air Date on October 8, 2010 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Reagan, where are we? 
 Hey, Sarge. 
 We got the sketch artist over at the hospital with the rape victim. 
 She's in and out of consciousness, but they're working on a likeness. 
 All right, put it up in the media. 
 Put it up in the neighborhood. 
 I'm on it. 
 What do you got? 
 NYPD ARGUS footage, and, uh, the university's own surveillance. 
 Hopefully, somewhere in here I get a look at this Escalade. 
 I think of my own daughter. 
 Yeah. 
 Patrols have been doubled on campus. 
 Additional foot-posts have been added. 
 And Anti-Crime units will be running regular sweeps through the area. 
 Does NYPD have any suspects? 
 Do you have any suspects? 
 Not yet, Willis. We're in the early stages of the investigation. 
 BOTH: Do we have a description of the rapist? 
 White male, medium build, in his 20s or 30s. 
 Do you have any firm leads, Commissioner? 
 I think I already answered that question, Miss Davidson. 
 Thank you. That's all for now. 
 Commissioner! One more question! 
 (monitor beeping steadily) 
 DANNY: Mr. Ryder? 
 (knocking) 
 I'm Detective Reagan. 
 They just gave her a shot to help her sleep. 
 We're gonna do all we can to get the guy who did this to your daughter, sir. 
 They say the next 24 hours are critical. 
 Look, I know this is uncomfortable for you, but I do have to ask you some questions, sir. 
 Your daughter, um--- 
 any reason to think she was targeted? 
 Ex-boyfriend, problems with a stalker? 
 No. No, I don't think so. 
 She-She would have told me. 
 We speak every day on the phone. 
 She got an A on her biology test. 
 She's, uh, premed. 
 (sniffles) 
 Did she do any work outside of school? 
 Part-time job? 
 No. She's on scholarship. 
 I give her all the pocket money she needs. 
 I just keep thinking about how... scared she must have been. 
 I'm really sorry, Mr. Ryder. 
 Yeah. Please. Walter. 
 Walter. 
 See, it's just been the two of us. 
 We, uh... (sniffles) 
 ...lost her mother 
 15 years ago to cancer. 
 Not a day has passed that I don't wish that she was still here with us. 
 Until today. 
 (crying): Today, I'm happy she's not here. 
 Shouldn't we be doing something? 
 We are. 
 Besides contributing to your high cholesterol. 
 Why don't we recanvass those electronic stores? 
 You know, maybe that stickup guy hits again. 
 Let me tell you something. 
 Lots of cops burn themselves out chasing down every half-assed lead like it's  The French Connection,  but never learning the secret to being a good cop. 
 Is that extra mayo? 
 Hey, I make the jokes around here, rookie. 
  All right. 
 I'm talking about the art of doing nothing. 
 It's amazing you don't have your own command by now. 
 I'm serious. 
 NYPD will spend millions of dollars of hours and manpower setting up stings and takedowns, but if they just taught more cops the art of observing... 
 What, nannies, skateboarders? 
 Well, for instance, that yupster over there in the mandals, eleven o'clock, what do you think he's doing? 
 He's reading the newspaper. 
 No. 
 That's what he wants his wife to think he's doing. 
 What he's really doing is checking out those blondes doing tai chi. 
 That's great, we can arrest him for having impure thoughts. 
 Okay, wiseass. 
 You see that? 
 What? 
 The guy in the suit-- look at him. 
 See him touching his hip like he's looking for something? 
 What, checking to see if his wallet's still there? 
 You wear your wallet on your hip? 
 Huh? 
 That guy's got a gun, Reagan. 
 He does? Well, let's go toss him. 
 No. 
 Why not? What, a gun collar? 
 Are you crazy? Why not? 
 'Cause he's a cop, Reagan. 
 Mike Respoli. 
 Works out of the 2-5. 
 He plays on my softball team-- center field. 
 Okay, so I knew... but you didn't. 
 All right. 
 I wish I could be more helpful. 
 He was behind me, I never got a real look at him. 
 He had a stocking over his head. 
 It was horrible. 
 Was there anything else you might have forgotten, any small details you might have left out? 
 I heard about the other girl. 
 I guess I was lucky. 
 Hard to say it was luck, what happened to you. 
 Hey. 
 Uh, they didn't have tomato and rice, so... it's vegetable, okay? Perfect. 
 This is my best friend Renee and my boyfriend Blake. 
 This is the detective I was telling you about. 
 He just wanted to ask me some more questions. 
 Should we come back? DANNY: No, no, actually, uh, maybe you can help. 
 Take a look at this sketch, see if it reminds you of anybody you know, or anybody you might have seen around. 
 Sorry. 
 Not really. 
 Okay, I'll tell you what. 
 If any of you guys remember something-- 
 I mean, anything at all comes to mind-- 
 I want you to give me a call anytime. 
 We'll get this guy. 
 BLAKE: You just hear about this stuff. 
 Never think it's going to happen to you. 
 You take good care of her. 
 Yeah. 
 Hey, Sarge, I'm back. 
 How'd you do? 
 Yeah, you know, I put the sketch out there. 
 It's pretty generic. You have any luck? 
 A ground rule double. 
 Video footage captures an Escalade matching the description in the area. 
 We got a nice picture of it rolling down Broadway, but we only got a partial license plate. 
 Anything pop at the DMV? 
 Yeah, we got two real strong possibles. 
 We got a Vincent Harrah of West 91st Street and a Sofia Calso of Park Avenue. 
 West 91st Street is about 15 
 blocks from the last attack. 
 Yeah, Mr. Harrah has also been a contestant with us before. 
 Yeah, I see, uh, he has two priors-- 
 possession of Ecstasy and domestic abuse. 
 Yeah, I put out a FINEST message. 
 Get every RMP looking for these license plates. 
 All right. I'm gonna go visit Mr. Harrah and ring his bell. 
 You have a problem, man? 
 No, but you might. 
 Hey, where you going? 
 Hey! 
 (groans) 
 
 
 
 Good, now stay there; I'll bring you some ice. 
 Hey! 
 If I catch you, I'm gonna break your other leg! 
 (grunting) 
 Come on. 
 May I? Where you going? Come here. 
 (grunts) 
 You arresting me? What did I do? 
 Shut up and get your hands in front. 
 I didn't do anything. 
 Is that why you jumped out a window, huh? 
 Is that why your car was at the scene of a rape last night? Rape?! 
 I didn't rape anybody. 
 I was at the Yankee game last night. 
 Good, we'll get Jeter on the horn and find out. 
 No, no, no, we just collared our guy. 
 Reagan. 
 Yeah. 
 Yeah! 
 We gotta cut him loose. 
 Who? 
 Who? 
 Vincent Harrah who. 
 From the Jumbotron video of last night's ball game at Yankee Stadium. 
 Your perp's alibi just checked out with 35,000 
 eyewitnesses. 
 Says he only rabbited 'cause of the drug priors. 
 Okay. 
 What, no Reagan riot act? 
 I guess it's your lucky day. 
 I just hung up with the 17th. 
 Two uniforms just pulled over the other SUV with the partial plate match. 
 Finally, Captain, thank you so much for coming. 
 These idiots have been keeping us here. 
 Sofia Calso? 
 Yes, do you have any idea what the traffic is going to be like going out to the Hamptons now? 
 No, actually, I have no idea. 
 Um, is this your vehicle, ma'am? 
 Yes, it's my vehicle. 
 Would you mind telling me what's going on? 
 Because they wouldn't. 
 Yeah. Were you using this car last night? 
 I was at the Metropolitan Museum of Art for a charity auction. 
 I took a town car. 
 Would you happen to have the name and number of the car service you used? 
 This is outrageous. 
 Do you have any idea who I am? 
 Sofia Calso. 
 My husband is the Deputy Counsel of Argentina. 
 I have diplomatic immunity. 
 You have no right to stop and detain me. 
 Is that what that little... Yes. 
 ...emblem means? Yes. Exactly. 
 Nice. Precisely. 
 Well, look, a vehicle matching yours in make and model with a similar license plate was involved in a series of sexual assaults last night. 
 Don't be ridiculous. Would anyone else have had access to this vehicle, ma'am? 
 I've had enough of this. 
 I'm not talking to you people anymore. 
 Some pretty fancy bumper stickers back there. 
 Your kids must go to some nice schools. 
 Yes, my daughter's a freshman at Brown, and my son is in college here in New York. 
 Are you finished? 
 Yeah, for now. 
 Thank you. Thank  you. 
 Have a great day. 
 Sebastian Calso? 
 Barney Miller? 
 Ha. Yuk-yuk. That's good. 
 Hey. Guess who's been tapped for open mic night at Central Booking. 
 Hey. 
 I'm talking to you. 
 I'm kind of busy with classes right now. 
 So I think, like, never, maybe. 
 I think, like, now, maybe. 
 I'll let my dad decide. 
 Your dad? 
 Officer? 
 It's "Detective," actually. 
 Oh, of course. The business suit. 
 Claudio Calso, Deputy Consul of Argentina. 
 Well, Mr. Deputy Consul, I just came by to ask Sebastian some questions about his whereabouts last night. 
 His mother told me you might be stopping by. 
 But I'm afraid it would be impossible for you to question him. 
 Why is that? I am asserting his diplomatic immunity. 
 Well, look, a violent rape was committed within the proximity of the school grounds. 
 We know Sebastian's Escalade was in the area, so I just wanted to see if he'd seen anything. 
 Sebastian? 
 Apparently not. 
 Okay, look-- 
 a woman was beaten and raped. 
 And Sebastian shrugs his shoulders, and that's "apparently not"? 
 I do not like your tone, Detective. 
 Well, forgive me. 
 I never made it to finishing school. 
 This conversation is now over. 
 Sebastian-- take you out to lunch. 
 Yuk-yuk. 
 GORMLEY: Lab report came back snake eyes  on the rape kit. 
 They got a sample, but no matches in the system. 
 I gotta tell you, Sarge, I'm really liking the diplomat's kid for this. 
 Well, right now, your case is weaker than the Mets bullpen. 
 What do you mean, it's weak? 
 You got a parking sticker on a car. 
 You got a rough sketch, and you got a suspect with diplomatic immunity, which, as you know, is absolute. 
 It's not my fault I can't talk to the kid. 
 You got to take it up with One PP. 
 They just called down. 
 The commissioner has this. 
 Sarge, if I could get in this kid's apartment-- 
 The  commissioner  has this. 
 Let those four words be the  Gospel According to Gormley,  okay? 
 Get some sleep, Reagan. 
 I like it better when you fight back. 
 Yeah, yeah. 
 (guffaws) 
 Deputy Consul. 
 Commissioner. 
 Thanks for coming. 
 Please, sit down. 
 I was having some coffee. 
 Would you like some? 
 Yes, thank you. 
 Actually, this isn't the first time we've met. 
 It was a few years ago at Gracie Mansion, back when I was Chief of Department. 
 Oh, yes. 
 Of course. 
 I was a police officer for over 30 years before I became police commissioner, but I like to think of myself as a father first. 
 Raised four kids. 
 And I always let them know that they came before the job. 
 Your coffee, sir. 
 But I also let them know that if they had done wrong, that I would be as firm with them as I would any lawbreaker on the street. 
 That's admirable, Commissioner. 
 What I'm about to ask of you is unimaginably difficult. 
 But it is the right thing to do. 
 I want you to waive your son's immunity. 
 Commissioner, I've spoken with Sebastian. 
 My son did not commit these crimes. 
 Then allow us to rule him out as a suspect. 
 Permit my detectives to talk to him and take a DNA sample. 
 I'm sorry, Commissioner, but it would be bad precedent for me to breach diplomatic protocol. 
 I will not waive my son's immunity under any circumstances. 
 I understand. 
 Thank you for the coffee. 
 Uh, if you like good coffee, you should try some of my country's boutique blends. 
 I will send you some beans. 
 (door opens) 
 Take it down to the lab. They're expecting it. 
 Every morning with this one. 
 Eggs Benedict, eggs Florentine... 
 I'm up to here with eggs. 
 I got eggs coming out of my ears. 
 JAMIE: Whoa. Stop the car. 
 RENZULLI: What? 
 There's something not right about this guy. 
 I'm shocked, Reagan. 
 Shocked a Harvard guy like you is mocking the vertically challenged. 
 It's 85 degrees out. Why is he wearing a coat? 
 RENZULLI: And why is it bulging? 
 Okay. Good eye, Reagan. 
 (man grunts) 
 All right. Stop moving. 
 Stop moving. All right. Stop moving. 
 Hey, Reagan, you're not going to believe this. 
 Look what this clown just tossed. Huh? 
 Congratulations, kid. 
 You just caught your first gun collar. 
 You hear that? Let's go. 
 This just in from the lab at One PP. 
 (groans) 
 You know, I'm not exactly a science major, sarge. 
 What am I looking at here? Brave new world. 
 It's the DNA obtained from the suspect's biological father. 
 You know, from the coffee cup in the commish's office. 
 It's a partial match to the DNA from the rape victim, Lauren Ryder. 
 Okay, we got partial plates. 
 We got partial DNA. I'm partially happy. So what? 
 It may not be the suspect's own DNA, but it shows you've been barking up the right tree. 
 We still can't bust the kid. 
 He's untouchable. 
 DNA from the coffee cup? 
 Smooth, Dad. 
 I try to stay in the game. 
 So how do you think it's going to play out? 
 I don't know. 
 The mayor sent his partial DNA match to Argentina, and we wait and see if they waive this kid's immunity. 
 That would be nice. 
 If they do. 
 So? 
 What? 
 Lunch with my beautiful daughter has been a tradition since you've been at the DA's. 
 Yeah, except for it's 
 3:00 in the afternoon, and not a Wednesday. 
 Well, maybe I remembered that you second-seated a diplomatic immunity case once. 
 I'll poke around a little bit. 
 See if I can find a way into, around or over this thing. 
 Always good to have a plan B. Mm-hmm. 
 And a beer. Mm. 
 (KELLY on TV): Channel Ten News has learned that the NYPD does, in fact, have a suspect... 
 The mayor went public with this? 
 ...of university s*x attacks, but he is likely to walk and it is not for lack of evidence. It's because he has a get-out-of-jail-free card-- diplomatic immunity. 
 Now, we've also learned that the mayor's office has approached Argentina... 
 First I heard about it. 
 You agreed, Mr. Mayor, to sit on this until Argentina considered your request. 
 Okay, for once, having 
 3,000 credentialed reporters in our city works in our favor. 
 Embarrassing Argentina? 
 That's a pretty risky strategy. No. 
 I mean, if they deny our request, then they are a cold and heartless lot who don't care about the decent citizens of this city like I do. 
 At which point, it becomes the State Department's problem. 
 All they can do is send him back. 
 Where he becomes their problem. 
 The point is, he is no longer my problem. 
 And the victim and her family? 
 Since when do we bat a thousand, Frank? 
 WALTER: Diplomatic immunity? 
 DANNY: It's complicated, Walter. 
 Well, it shouldn't be. 
 You know who did it, you arrest him. 
 Hey, I don't like it anymore than you do, okay? 
 But my hands are tied. 
 I so much as ask this kid for the time, and I get jammed up. 
 Yeah, well, maybe I should ask him for the time. 
 Hey, I gonna pretend I didn't hear you say that. 
 My daughter is laying in a hospital bed. 
 Where's this kid? 
 Sitting courtside at the Knicks? 
 Walter, I know it doesn't make any sense, but it's the law. 
 No. You know what, Detective? It makes perfect sense. 
 The diplomat gets to protect his kid, not the electrician. 
 Well, if you can't do something about it, I will. 
 I got a better idea. 
 How about we round up every diplomat in the city and send them back to wherever they came from? 
 I ever tell you about the time I had the Russian ambassador's car towed to the South Bronx? 
 A little glasnost straight up his tailpipe. 
 FRANK: That little stunt put you in the doghouse with Washington for a year, Pop. 
 Also put me in favor with the rank and file for life. 
 Yes, it did. 
 Great Grandpa was in a doghouse? 
 It's an expression, stupid. LINDA: Okay, boys. 
 FRANK: Easy, Jack. HENRY: Jack. 
 JAMIE: I'm with Danny on this one. 
 These people abuse diplomatic privilege. 
 They don't pay their parking tickets, their rent. 
 They scoff at our laws. DANNY: Oh. 
 I think that gun bust might have knocked some sense into this kid. 
 You're with Danny on this? 
 I am. 
 DANNY: So what, Sydney? 
 You think that spoiled dipstick should get away with it? 
 Of course not. Rape is heinous. 
 I'd like to cut off the jerk's equipment myself. 
 I just think you have a naive view of things. 
 Oh, I'm naive , huh? 
 Not that that should surprise me. 
 Aw, Syd, come on. What? 
 He's the only one who's allowed to have an opinion at the table? 
 Whoa! 
 And in this corner-- 
 a newcomer in the ring-- 
 Syd the Kid. 
 Oh, this is great. I get to spend another Sunday dinner with some Ivy League attorney trying to open my eyes to the real world. 
 Okay. More cranberries anyone? 
 You back down now, he'll never let you hear the end of it. 
 Diplomatic immunity may not be perfect, but it serves a purpose. 
 Yeah. It helps rich kids get away with rape. 
 So what about American diplomats abroad? 
 They don't pay their parking tickets either. 
 I'm talking about the female diplomat in the Middle East who ends up in jail because she wears inappropriate garb and doesn't have diplomatic immunity. 
 Do you really want our ambassadors in tenuous countries to be subject... 
 (phone buzzing) 
 ...to trumped up charges, thrown in jail, and used as pawns in a diplomatic game of chicken? 
 The world's a lot bigger than the Five Boroughs, Danny. 
 Yeah. I'm sorry I didn't get to spend my junior year abroad like you. 
 I had my hands full in Fallujah. 
 FRANK: Well, Argentina turned us down. 
 They're not going to waive immunity. 
 FRANK: Excuse me. 
 (Danny sighs) 
 Great. 
 That's just what your friend the mayor wanted. 
 He's not my friend. 
 Now he's gonna call the State Department and have that kid's butt shipped back to Argentina. 
 He rapes somebody, and we give him a first-class ticket home. 
 DANNY: I'll tell you what. 
 I ain't letting that kid walk. ERIN: I'm here. 
 I'm here. 
 You better have a pretty good reason for missing dinner, missy. 
 She might. ERIN: Of course I had to had to pull Judge Barthell from his son's Holy Communion party. 
 HENRY: What were you doing with Barthell? 
 Getting this. 
 What is it? 
 It's a material witness order. 
 Your vehicle was used in the commission of a B felony. 
 First degree rape, in this case. 
 So, the City of New York says I can take you into custody now. 
 I beg your pardon. DANNY: I beg your pardon. 
 Please don't make this any more fun for me than it already is. 
 Okay, sport? 
 And my diplomatic immunity? Oh, yeah. 
 Excuse me. Yeah, that. Mm. 
 Well, that actually went out the window the minute you divorced your husband, which of course, you failed to disclose to us. 
 Did she disclose that to you? 
 So, now, you're gonna come down with me to central booking where you can hang out with the likes of the drug addicts and the prostitutes and the other unsavory types who tend to hang out there. 
 Until such time, of course, as you can get your son to come down and give me an interview. 
 Which I'm sure won't take too long, since you control his trust fund. 
 Shall we go? 
 Enjoy your lunch. 
 Shall we? 
 Get him in the car. 
 Right away. 
 What are you doing? Hey! Hey! 
 What are you doing, Walter? 
 What are you doing, huh? 
 No, I'm just sightseeing, that's all. Sightseeing, huh? 
 Yeah. If I pat you down, that bulge in your pocket's gonna be, what, a camera, huh? 
 You understand that criminal possession of a firearm is a C felony, right, Walter? 
 You're a father. 
 You try to imagine how little I care about what happens to me right now. 
 Hey, hey, hey. What about Lauren? 
 You care what happens to her? 
 Walter, if I put my hands on you, and that camera's not a camera, she's gonna be visiting you upstate for the next three years. 
 You think that's gonna make this any better for her? 
 So I'm supposed to do nothing? 
 Then what, Detective? You tell me. Huh? 
 Next semester, when she... she shows up for biology class, this animal is sitting next to her? Huh? 
 That can't happen. 
 No,  this  cannot happen. 
 Now, you do yourself a favor. You walk down to that river, you find a nice, quiet spot, and you drop your little nine millimeter Nikon into the water, okay? 
 Hey! 
 You don't do that, I'm gonna be locking up a good man here today. 
 I'll take care of this piece of crap. Go. 
 Go! 
 Whew... Where are these people? 
 It's hot as hell in here. 
 (door opens) 
 Sorry to keep you waiting. 
 A little shorthanded here. 
 Mind moving your jacket, please? 
 As you know, Detective, my client has agreed to this interview, but he is in no way waiving his immunity. 
 Right. That's fine. 
 How about we start the interview with, uh, you taking off your sunglasses? 
 How about I think about it? 
 No. 
 Okay. Suit yourself. 
 I only have a few questions. 
 SEBASTIAN: And I have one of my own. 
 Air conditioning? Have you ever heard of it? Yeah. 
 They haven't fixed that, have they? Geez. Yeah. 
 It's been off and on lately. 
 I've been complaining for weeks myself. 
 I can see you have a lot of pull. Huh. 
 Yeah. All right, let's get started. 
 Where were you on the night of the 16th? 
 St. Tropez. 
 Uh, no. Wait. Cancun. 
 No, that was two weeks ago. 
 (chuckling): I'm not really sure. 
 Bali? (laughs) 
 He's funny. 
 You think it's funny a young girl got raped, huh? 
 No, I think it's funny that you think I need to get mine that way. 
 I don't think anything. 
 The evidence speaks for itself. 
 Your vehicle was at the crime scene, victim I.D.'d you, and I'd be willing to bet my salary, if you took a DNA test, it'd be all over that girl. 
 It's a good thing I'm smart enough not to take that bet. 
 Despite the temptation of winning a whole $40,000. 
 Hm. Yeah, well, fortunately, I'm compensated in other ways. 
 Like when I get to see the look of love in a meat-wrangler's eye the day I make some spoiled rich kid his new cellie. 
 (laughs) 
 That's a nice tattoo you got there. 
 Let's get out of here. 
 Help yourself. 
 Nice tie. 
 Oh. Did it work? 
 Yeah. Don't touch anything. 
 He put his sweaty hands all over the doorknob there; he's got some drips over here and look at the table, too. 
 Puts a new spin on the term to sweat someone. 
 Yeah, but I got a question for you. 
 Why does the boyfriend of one of our victims have the same exact tattoo on his arm as this rapist? 
 DANNY: Tell me about it. 
 It's Wolf and Key. 
 The name of a sort of exclusive club at school. 
 Like a fraternity? 
 It's private, secret. 
 No one's supposed to know about it. 
 And... they only tap five freshmen a year. 
 We've had a president, senators... even Supreme Court justices. 
 That explains why Sebastian kissed in, but what about you, what's your excuse? 
 Your old man's a schoolteacher from Yonkers. 
 How'd you get in? 
 I'm captain of the football team. 
 Oh. Got to have one of those, right? 
 You know how the world works. 
 I don't know how that world works. 
 Why don't you enlighten me. 
 You're either them or you're not them. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Wolf and Key can open up a lot of doors for me. 
 Look... 
 I'm not Brett Favre. 
 I had no future in professional football. 
 Come on, a girl like Courtney? 
 A girl like Courtney. 
 Your girlfriend-- 
 that's the part that I don't get. 
 I've seen you two together. 
 You look very happy. She's a very beautiful girl. 
 But you knew Sebastian. 
 You knew he attacked her-- why didn't you come forward? 
 (sighs) 
 You'd protect a guy who'd attack your girlfriend? 
 (trembling breath) 
 I don't know, he... 
 You don't know what? 
 He attacked your girlfriend. 
 He didn't attack her. 
 What do you mean, he didn't attack her? 
 If he didn't attack your girlfriend, then who did? 
 Hey. Hey. 
 Who attacked your girlfriend? 
 Who did it?! 
 I did. 
 (sighs) 
 (scoffs) 
 Wow. 
 You attacked your girlfriend. 
 It was just supposed to be a prank. 
 Prank? 
 This year's initiation. 
 You attacked your girlfriend as part of a hazing? 
 Sebastian dreamed it up. 
 The Hottie Hit List. 
 The five hottest girls on campus. 
 Yeah. 
 We'd ride around with senior members, and when we got their panties... we'd check their name off. 
 So you pantsed her. 
 Your own girlfriend. I thought at least I'd be careful and she wouldn't get hurt. 
 Right, 'cause chivalry's not dead with you. 
 So now it's Sebastian's turn. 
 You and your buddies, you're all in the car. 
 What'd you do? 
 Hmm? 
 Did you watch? 
 You watch him rape that innocent... 
 To verify. 
 To verify what?! 
 We didn't know he was gonna rape her! 
 We didn't! 
 He went nuts. 
 He went nuts, and the rest of you sat around and you watched? 
 That makes you all part of it now. 
 That makes you all future masters of the universe accessories to aggravated rape. 
 You know, kid, you wanted to be just like them. 
 Well, congratulations, you are. 
 (sighs) 
 DANNY: Lock 'em all up. 
 Bring 'em all. 
 Let's go. 
 Any other day we lock up 
 50 degenerate rich kids, I'm howling to the moon. 
 But with this mutt Sebastian still on the loose... 
 I gotta roll. 
 Lab just hit a bull's-eye on the DNA from my doorknob. 
 Get ready to start howling. 
 Hey! 
 I'll be back for you! 
 FRANK:  I don't know, Kelly. 
 I just don't think we should see each other. 
 (door opens) 
 I'm sorry, I gotta go. 
 Five minutes-- I do not want to miss the beginning of  La Boheme. 
 Sit down. 
 Four minutes. 
 As you know, your son came into the NYPD for an interview. 
 Seems that our air-conditioning was broken... 
 Three minutes. 
 FRANK: What Baker was about to say, Claudio, is your son dripped his DNA all over the room. 
 BAKER: Forensics compared his sample with those taken from the victim as part of the rape kit performed after the attack. 
 (beeping) 
 That's a perfect match, Claudio. 
 Commissioner, despite what your evidence may or may not show, it is immaterial. 
 My son remains protected under diplomatic immunity. 
 That's true. 
 He is protected... here. 
 BAKER: NYPD forwarded Sebastian Calso's DNA profile to officials in Argentina. 
 Specifically, the Buenos Aires Police Department. 
 It was run against evidence collected in the rape and beating of a 19-year-old Buenos Aires student last summer. 
 I'm afraid that, too, is a match. 
 Oh, God. 
 Our State Department will give your son 24 hours to return to Argentina, where he will be tried for that crime, and he will be convicted and sent to Mendoza. 
 Mendoza Prison is your country's most notorious... 
 CLAUDIO: I know. 
 I know of Mendoza. 
 FRANK: Of course, you could decide to waive your son's immunity, allow NYPD detectives to take him into custody and risk a fair trial here. 
 He is my son, Commissioner. 
 And the girl he raped is another man's daughter. 
 Oh, time's up. 
 On your way to the opera, call your son and explain it to him. 
 HENRY: So, what are you doing here with me instead of at home with your beautiful fiancée? 
 Sydney's pulling an all-nighter at the law firm. 
 Ah. 
 I don't know, I guess I just... had an urge to look at some of these old pictures. 
 (chuckles) 
 So, how's it been, first few weeks on the job? 
 Every time I do something, my sergeant tells me how I should've done it differently. 
 (chuckles) 
 And then I think about what Danny would've done, and that's something else. 
 Good cops are made by the world they police. 
 I was the kind of cop I needed to be in my time, so was your dad, so was Danny. 
 Now your dad runs the city, and Danny's... adapting to the changes, and I'm a dinosaur. 
 (chuckles softly) 
 Listen to your sergeant. 
 Become your own kind of good cop. 
 I've seen that picture before. 
 Which? 
 What's that pin? 
 The Templar. 
 I told you about that. 
 I didn't know Danny was one. Yeah, he joined. 
 It was a different thing by then. 
 Different how? 
 (sighs) 
 In my day, we formed the Templar for a reason-- 
 to clean up the department. 
 After the job was done, it became just another club-- 
 drinking and war stories. 
 You know what? 
 That's more dinosaur talk. 
 Let's see what happened with the Jets. 
 DANNY: Step back. Step aside. 
 Hold on. Whoa, whoa, whoa. 
 Hold on, hold on. 
 Let's see, something's not quite right. 
 Oh, yeah, there we go. 
 What's the matter, you got no jokes today? 
 Step aside. 
 How's she doing? 
 She's gonna be okay. 
 He's not. 
 HENRY:  Hey, Francis. 
 Special delivery. 
 Where'd you get this? 
 Found it on the stoop. 
 There's a card. 
 ERIN: They're your favorite kind. 
 Who are they from? 
 The mayor. 
 Ooh. 
 Don't mind if I do. 
 ERIN: Speaking of our civic leader... 
 HENRY: Uh-oh. Oh, here he goes. 
 ...it's a victory for the city of New York. 
 I'm just happy that the government of Argentina heeded my advice and did the right thing. 
 (scoffs) 
 A weasel. Yeah. 
 Dad does all the work, and the mayor takes the credit? 
 Sounds familiar. 
 If you're looking for a pat on the back, don't become a cop. 
 Aw. 
 Good job, Dad. 
 Yeah, good job, Dad. 
 Good job, son. 
 (others laughing) 
 Don't smoke that in the house. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 