Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x11 - Black Jesus: The Book of Crucifixion - Black Lightning 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x11 - Black Jesus: The Book of Crucifixion https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=1005&t=43410 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/18/21 04:53 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x11 - Black Jesus: The Book of Crucifixion 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [Jefferson] Previously on Black Lightning... 
 Thirty years ago, I came to Freeland as an agent for a government organization called the ASA. 
 I helped them find young people with abilities. 
 But when I realized that the ASA's vaccine was killing children, I leaked the information to your father, and his investigation got him killed. 
 And they're doing it again. 
 [Two-Bits] I saw one of your students get snatched last night. 
 Two men wearing black jumped out of this van and they grabbed her. 
 What's up? 
 The head of the ASA for this area, is looking for you. 
 If you use your powers, or you go out in the suit, he will find you, and they will kill you. 
 The guys we're going after, they are beyond the law. 
 When we take down their lab, it's like declaring war. 
 [Proctor] Jefferson Pierce is Black Lightning. What? 
 [Proctor] He's been hiding in plain sight all this time. 
 Right under your nose. 
 Do you think you can take him down? 
 Yes. 
 Are they all stable after the move? 
 One of the older ones is showing abnormalities. 
 Internal temperature fluctuations are affecting vital signs. 
 How are you going to fix it? 
 I think it's a result of moving on back-to-back days. 
 But now that we're powered up in this location, a consistent pod temperature should return the subject to a stable reading. 
 Which way? [Gambi] Go left. 
 [Kara] I want the pods monitored 24 hours a day. 
 I'm already under my quota. 
 Lose one more, and I'll need to acquire more subjects. 
 Yes, ma'am. 
 [Black Lightning] I can't see through it. 
 Or maybe there's still a problem with the electric vision. 
 [Gambi] The door's shielded. 
 But I know what I saw on the feed from that nuke tracker satellite. 
 An abnormal energy field definitely moved in there yesterday. 
 Dad, I got this. 
 Kids aren't here. 
 Whoa! This is a whole lot of those pulse things. 
 Launchers. 
 That's a lot of weapons that can take you out. 
 It must be what caused the abnormal energy hit. 
 Jeff, if they're stockpiling anti-Black Lightning weapons... 
 Doesn't matter. Where's the next spot? 
 I don't have one. Why? Use the satellite. 
 The ASA knows about the satellite, too. 
 They must have found a way to cloak the pods' energy in transit. 
 I have an idea, but it'll take me a day to set it up. 
 Come on back. 
 Not yet. 
 ♪♪ Last night I saw a superhero he was black ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ He said, "This is for the street." ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ Black Lightning's back ♪♪ 
 [cell phone vibrating] 
 Yes, I'm just leaving. 
 Most of them are stable. 
 We're in danger of losing one of them. 
 [alarm beeps] [car unlocks] 
 An armory was blown up? 
 No, I hadn't heard about that. 
 They're clearly looking for the pods. 
 I understand the orders, but, sir, I've known Jefferson Pierce for years, there is absolutely no way he's Black Lightning... 
 I understand. 
 Yes, sir. I'll take care of it. 
 I'm sorry that didn't pan out. I really thought... 
 Yeah, I know. 
 Look, even if they cloak the pods' energy, I can still find it. 
 I'll ping everything in the city with a radio signal, and the energy signature from the pods will light up when the radio pulse hits them. 
 Let me know if you find something. 
 I'm gonna get out of this suit. 
 [sighs] 
 God, look at you, you look awful. 
 [chuckles] 
 Thanks for the compliment. 
 No. That's a subperiosteal hematoma. 
 It's good to know that you're paying attention in med school. 
 No, this is serious. Did you get it looked at? 
 I've had enough subperiosteal hematomas to know when I actually need to get some help. 
 What happened? 
 The truth, please. 
 Ask your dad. 
 I will. The ASA will be looking for us. 
 All of us. 
 Those weapons he blew up are only good for one thing, killing Black Lightning. 
 Make sure he makes good choices, okay? 
 How exactly am I supposed to do that? 
 Trust your instincts. 
 Come on. Make it plain, Uncle Gambi. 
 Anissa, look at your father and your father's father. 
 Protecting people is in your blood. 
 There are certain things no one can train you for. 
 Everything you need is already inside you. 
 [sighs] 
 Thanks. 
 It seems a little suspicious. Are you sure it's not a setup? 
 [woman] If this was a setup, you'd already be dead. 
 Who the hell are you? 
 You'll find everything you need in the garbage can in front of you. 
 You're right, Glennon. It stinks. Come on. 
 Deputy Chief Cayman, I said in the garbage can. 
 Do it. 
 [Glennon] Oh. 
 This needs to be legitimate, and fast. Tomorrow, if possible? 
 Okay, speedy warrants? Got it. Who's the target? 
 Jefferson Pierce. 
 So, Dad, what happened to Uncle Gambi? 
 [clears throat] 
 He was tortured by his friends at the ASA in order to get to me. 
 Well, clearly, that didn't work because you wouldn't be here. 
 That is true. 
 So you can trust him. 
 Maybe. 
 No. I'm not sure. 
 Man, they did a good job. 
 Yeah. It's what they do. 
 I don't know. It's just weird right now, being around you two. 
 No, it is. It's like you're working together, but not really. 
 Yeah, I know. It's weird for me, too. 
 Mmm. 
 So, he says the ASA is gonna be looking to kill us. 
 They are. So then... 
 I don't know, shouldn't we all just get along? 
 "Can we all just get along?" 
 What? 
 No. Rodney King asked, "Can we all get along?" 
 See, it's an existential question rather than a directive. 
 Okay. So can we? 
 I don't know. 
 [siren blaring] 
 [beeps] 
 Damn it! 
 Good morning. [girl] Good morning. 
 Good morning. Mr. Pierce. 
 Hey, Lexton. 
 Congratulations on the debate victory. All right. 
 You know what? Tomorrow, I'm driving. 
 Girl, that driver's license is brand-new. 
 And you are too hard on my nerves for first thing in the morning. 
 Shut up. I can drive. 
 Girl... Okay, we'll see. I'd get us here quicker. 
 I know that much. You try then. 
 All right, people, another day to make magic. 
 [laughs] 
 Yes, it is. [laughs] 
 Hey, Dad. Hey. 
 Hey, Dad, what's up? 
 Keep an eye on your sister. Uh-huh. 
 And make sure you touch base with me between classes. 
 All right. Got it. Anything else? 
 Remember, I love you. 
 I'll see you. All right. 
 Come on, people, let's not be late. 
 [boy] What's up, Mr. Jefferson? 
 How are you doing? How are you doing? 
 All these young smiling faces, young minds to be molded. 
 Come on in. 
 Well, I'd like to give a shout-out to the MTA for getting me here on time today. 
 [all chuckle] - Wait, wait. No. No, no, no, that's fair. 
 There are a lot of hardworking men and women who keep a very overworked system running as best they can. 
 Yeah. [siren wailing in distance] 
 I've got a shout-out. 
 To Mr. Winston, who let me retake the Spanish mid-term. 
 Bless up. Or bendiga. 
 [sirens wailing] 
 Tavon, you still with us? 
 Five-O. What? 
 [Glennon] Blue Volvo wagon. Double-time, guys. Come on. 
 Damn, Mr. P. That's your car. 
 Tavon, language. 
 I mean, dang, Mr. P. That's still your car. 
 Homework out, everyone. Let's... 
 Let's focus, and exchange homework. 
 Girl, isn't that your dad's car? 
 Every crack, every crevice. 
 [officer] Oh. 
 Surprise, surprise. 
 Deputy Chief Cayman, I would be happy to follow you to the police station to straighten out whatever misunderstanding there seems to be. 
 We're almost done. 
 Look, if you could tell me what you're looking for... 
 We found Green Light in your car. 
 Wait, what? No. That's impossible. 
 Oh! 
 You got that Green Light, cuz? 
 That is not mine. 
 Mr. Pierce, you're under arrest. 
 Turn around, put your hands behind your back. 
 What? This is ridiculous. 
 Are you resisting? You can't come in here and just... 
 I am not resisting. 
 I am complying. 
 [handcuffs locking] [grunts] 
 Dad. 
 No, honey, it's a misunderstanding, honey. 
 I just need to go with these men and straighten it out. 
 Everything will be fine. 
 Jennifer... 
 Jennifer, I need you to do something very important for me. 
 Jennifer. 
 I need you to be calm, really calm. 
 Call your mother, tell her what happened and be strong for your mother. Can you do that for me? 
 Let's go. 
 Well, y'all not just gonna take Mr. Pierce. 
 Look, son, this ain't no rap video. Step aside. 
 Hey, look, my daddy name is Lamont, and you damn sure don't look like a Lamont. 
 [Jefferson] Tavon. 
 No one wants to see another black man in cuffs today. 
 Well, you wanna help? Keep doing what you're supposed to be doing and make sure all the other students do the same. 
 Can I count on you? 
 I didn't hear you, Tavon. 
 Yes, sir. You can count on me. 
 [Anissa] Whoa, whoa, whoa! 
 Stay back, miss. Who do you think you are? 
 You can't just take him... Stand back. 
 No. Anissa. Anissa... Dad... 
 No! Get back in the school, take care of everyone. 
 Anissa. 
 Don't touch me. 
 [indistinct chatter] 
 What the hell do you think you're doing? 
 My job. Yours, too, apparently. 
 Get him processed and put him in four. 
 I wanna see the search warrant. 
 [grunts] 
 [scoffs] 
 Jefferson Pierce is one of the most distinguished members of this community. 
 Was. Then we discovered he's a drug dealer operating out of a school. 
 I have to give him credit. Smart way to corner the market. 
 You don't believe that your damn self. 
 Tread lightly, Inspector. Don't be blinded by personal feelings. 
 My eyes are wide open. 
 Good. I'd hate to see anything happen to you. 
 You gotta bring ass to get ass. 
 Don't forget that. 
 [Kara over PA] Thank you, students, for returning to your lessons and activities. 
 The school day will continue as usual. 
 I am actively seeking an update on Principal Pierce and will keep staff and students informed as soon as we learn more. 
 Until then, please, let's get through this day in a way that will make Principal Pierce proud. 
 Remember, you are the future. 
 Yeah, okay. Okay! 
 [grunts] 
 [groans] I'm surrounded by cops. Is this really necessary? 
 [grunts] 
 Open your mouth. 
 Lift your tongue. 
 Drop your clothes. 
 Assume the position. 
 Now cough twice. 
 Local principal Jefferson Pierce was arrested today at Garfield High. 
 Sources confirmed large amounts of controlled substances were confiscated from his vehicle. 
 I need to see Jefferson Pierce. 
 And you are? 
 His wife. 
 ID. 
 His ex-wife, actually. 
 Then I can't help you, ma'am. 
 Can I speak to Inspector Henderson, please? 
 [Inspector Henderson] Lynn... 
 Bill, you know Jeff. You know he would never ever do anything... 
 Of course I know, Lynn. 
 But now is not the time and this is not the place. 
 Well... he can't be here right now. He can't. 
 Something so bad could happen. 
 Where's... Lynn, look at me. 
 Do you trust me? 
 No. 
 But I know Jefferson does. 
 And I have to go set the record for speed-interviewing defense lawyers, so I'll talk to you later. 
 [indistinct chatter from computer] 
 So you know. 
 We knew the ASA was coming for us. I didn't expect this, though. 
 Okay. I'm suiting up and I'm going in. 
 No, you're not. 
 Yeah, I am. You can help me or not, but I'm going. 
 Anissa, if your father wanted out this way, he could do it himself. 
 If you don't maintain your secret identity, it could endanger Jennifer. 
 Your mother, too. 
 How does it help the ASA to put Dad in jail? 
 The national security apparatus can push buttons in local law enforcement. 
 This is smoke. 
 The fire comes when he gets moved by an ASA collection team that's equipped to neutralize his powers. 
 They'll throw him in a black site and confirm that he's Black Lightning. 
 And then what? 
 They'll kill him. 
 Okay. We've got to get him out of there. 
 No, that will only confirm their suspicions. 
 What we have to do is prove to the ASA that Jefferson Pierce isn't Black Lightning. 
 Okay. 
 How do we do that? 
 [grunts] 
 Henderson. Finally. 
 Afternoon, Mr. Pierce. 
 [whispers] We're on tape. There's eyes and ears everywhere. 
 [in normal voice] How's that? Better? 
 Yeah. 
 They took my clothes. 
 They're being tested to see if they contain any traces of Green Light. 
 What? They're not gonna find anything. 
 [chuckles] 
 You might be surprised what they find. 
 Now, we've known each other a long time, so I'll shoot straight with you. 
 Um... [scoffs] 
 There's too much here to ignore. 
 What's your connection to this man? 
 He called himself Lala. 
 A murderer, drug dealer. 
 He was a student when I was a young teacher. 
 Nothing beyond that? 
 Despite my efforts, he joined The One Hundred. 
 He worked his way up the ranks. 
 So, I took advantage of my relationship and got him to make Garfield High off-limits. 
 So why did members of The One Hundred enter Garfield and kidnap your daughters? 
 I don't know. 
 Drug deal gone bad? 
 [sighs] 
 Henderson, I'm being set up. 
 Why would someone set you up? 
 I don't know. 
 Interview's over. No. It's not. 
 I have a transfer order above your pay grade and mine. 
 From who? Hell if I know. 
 It's a national security directive. 
 But I wouldn't wanna be you. 
 Our reporter in the field, John Webb, has been on the street, talking to people about the shocking arrest of nationally respected Garfield High Principal Jefferson Pierce. 
 Every time a brother tries to help his people, they find a way to set him up and take him down. 
 It's a shame. 
 I heard he walks around and makes the students call him Black Jesus. 
 Imagine that. Black Jesus. 
 My niece went to Garfield. 
 That girl never would've graduated if it wasn't for Principal Pierce. 
 The police know damn well Mr. Pierce ain't no drug dealer. 
 Any man who would do that could do anything. 
 He kept her focused and helped her get into college. 
 She graduates from Johns Hopkins next semester. 
 [John Webb] There you have it. 
 Shock, disbelief, and for some, disillusionment about this turn of events. 
 John Webb reporting. 
 [cell phone vibrating] 
 
 
 
 Dr. Lynn Stewart. 
 [Inspector Henderson] The Feds are transferring Jefferson. 
 Some kind of national security thing. There's nothing I can do. 
 National security? What are the allegations? 
 I've told you everything I know. 
 Thank you. 
 [Gambi] Your mother called. 
 The order came to move Jefferson. We're out of time. 
 Okay, we go with your plan. 
 Anissa, I want to save your dad as much as you, but you need to understand the tech we're using is a prototype, put together in half a day with parts I cannibalized from the sanctum. 
 And? 
 It's untested. It may not work. 
 But it might. 
 Look, I can't lose my dad. 
 And at this point, we're the only hope he's got. 
 You have to do exactly as I tell you. One misstep... 
 Ain't gonna be no missteps. 
 Just walk me through it. I got this. 
 I have one more lawyer to interview, and I'll get back to you. 
 Okay. Thank you. 
 [Jennifer sighs] 
 Why can't he just Black Lightning his way out? 
 You know, you're gonna have to learn that you can't punch or superpower your way out of every problem. 
 I know you're scared. It's okay to be scared. 
 I'm not. [scoffs] 
 Dad told me to be strong for you. 
 It's okay to be strong and scared at the same time. 
 It's called having sense. 
 Well, what if we can't get him out? 
 I mean, it does happen to people all the time, right? 
 [crying] 
 What if Daddy never comes home? 
 He will. 
 [indistinct chatter] 
 You two, let's go. 
 No. Not you. 
 Hey, man, I'm trying to help you, but national security directives? 
 And top secret transfer orders? You a spy or something? 
 What? No, I'm not. 
 Look, Jeff, we're friends, we don't tell each other everything. 
 But if you know of any reason this is going down, now is the time. 
 I really don't know. 
 Yeah, I'm still gonna help you. 
 I was just hoping you would make it a little easier for me. 
 What do you want? 
 Come on in. Have a seat. 
 "Follow the money." Isn't that what they always say? 
 Henderson, I don't have time for whatever this is. 
 Oh, I think you do. 
 I called in a lifetime of favors, but from what I could tell, you hit the lottery. 
 I don't know what you're talking about. 
 Your son has himself a new house. 
 Contractor says he paid in cash. 
 I wonder what the IRS would have to say about that? 
 Now, look, I know there's a lot of money to be made with the badge. 
 I got you dead to rights. 
 But the good news is, I don't want you. 
 I want Cayman. 
 Now... how about you sit down? 
 Monitoring three students who've ingested Green Light. 
 No enhanced abilities observed. 
 Whoa! 
 [Gambi] Don't let anything get between you and the hologram, or people will realize it's not really him. 
 Okay. I got it. 
 I'll turn it off for now. 
 Get as much attention as you can, and I'll turn it back on. 
 All right. 
 Oh, my God. Look! [man] It's Thunder! 
 [woman] Look at her! 
 [man] Oh, my God. 
 [indistinct shouting] 
 [chimes] 
 Our reporters are on the ground in Zone Four, where several residents have reported a disturbance. 
 [crowd exclaiming] 
 Black Lightning! Look, look, look! 
 Look! It's Black Lightning and Thunder! 
 It's a good thing Freeland's power grid is so easy to hack. 
 [crowd exclaiming] 
 You're almost at the intersection. There. 
 [tires screeching] 
 [cheering] 
 Damn! Don't let that car get between you. 
 I know. 
 [tires screeching] 
 [people cheering] 
 [man] Let's got, Black Lightning, let's go! 
 [cheering and whistling] 
 [man on TV] It's crazy, man. 
 I mean, it still bugs me when I see Black Lightning. 
 Negro running around looking like a modern-day George Clinton. 
 But now he got that fine-ass woman running around with him. 
 Must be nice. 
 [woman] I'm happy to see them both out here trying to help. 
 Since they showed up, less of these kids out here trippin' on that Green Light, - that's for sure. Yeah. 
 For sure. 
 [chimes] 
 [sighs] 
 [cell door unlocks] 
 Glennon admitted to planting the evidence. 
 You're being cleared for release. 
 [sighs] 
 Thanks, brother. 
 The next few rounds are on you. 
 [Chief Cayman] I was told you were down here. 
 What are you doing? 
 Police work. You should try it sometime. 
 You just flushed your badge down the toilet, Henderson. 
 Mr. Pierce, once you get dressed, you're free to go. 
 Hey! 
 [grunts] 
 What the hell? 
 I'm embarrassed that it took me this long to do the right thing, [grunts] start weeding this place of all the rot. 
 But once Detective Glennon got going, he had an awful lot to say, mainly about you. 
 [Chief Cayman] Don't play cop games with me. 
 [groans] 
 You know, who knew you were smart enough to seek out some shell corporations, but dumb enough to leave the paperwork in your house? 
 You're under arrest. The officer will read you your rights. 
 You're making a mistake, Henderson. 
 Hey. You don't know how this town really works! 
 Actually, I do. 
 Daddy! 
 [laughing] 
 I'm so happy you're home! 
 Oh. Me, too, sweetie. Me, too. 
 You know what? I'm hungry. Let's get some ice cream. 
 [sighs] Well, I guess we had our moment. Yeah. 
 [knock at door] 
 [inhales deeply] 
 [Anissa chuckles] 
 It's Uncle Gambi. 
 [sighs] 
 [chuckles] 
 Thanks for coming over. 
 Anissa told me what you did. 
 Did she tell you about the self-driving van? 
 I'm really proud of the self-driving van. 
 Do you think the ASA bought your hologram move? 
 For now. 
 Jefferson, I... 
 Look, I don't know how things are going to be, moving forward. 
 I don't expect you to forgive me. 
 I might not be able to. 
 But I still can't forget what you've done for me. 
 For my family. 
 I want to find a new balance. 
 Somehow. 
 Okay. 
 Just let me know what you need from me. 
 I need you to help me save those children. 
 Revelations that renowned Garfield High Principal, Jefferson Pierce was framed by Freeland PD Deputy Chief Cayman. 
 He has been completely exonerated, while Cayman and his cohorts are in custody. 
 We go live now to the Freeland PD press conference. 
 This is a new day in Freeland. 
 For years, good folk have suffered from over or under-policing, from police brutality instead of public safety, and from corruption rather than professionalism. 
 I am of this community, from this community, and devoted to this community. 
 With the support of the Police Chief, I embrace my new role as Deputy Chief. 
 And I promise the people of Freeland a better police department. 
 So, Gambi, you're the eldest. 
 Lead us? 
 We are thankful for the companionship that warms our hearts, for the food that we're about to eat that will nourish our bodies, and we're thankful for your eternal protection which maintains our souls. 
 Amen. 
 [all] Amen. 
 Let's eat. 
 Here you go. 
 Thank you. 
 Yes. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 