Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x04 - The Book of Consequences: Chapter Four: Translucent Freak - Black Lightning 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x04 - The Book of Consequences: Chapter Four: Translucent Freak https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=1005&t=42372 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/13/21 16:46 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x04 - The Book of Consequences: Chapter Four: Translucent Freak 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [Jefferson] Previously on Black Lightning... 
 Don't make me rip that mask off your face. You say it. 
 After all these years, huh, man? 
 [reporter] According to Reverend Jeremiah Holt, his church's Rebecca Lee Crumpler Free Clinic is in danger of shutting down. 
 The clinic is running out of time. 
 If I don't help, then I'll just be wasting the gifts that God gave me. 
 That's what your father always used to say. 
 God bless you, sister. 
 I'm gonna set up a meeting so that you can convince Dr. Jace to come on board. 
 I'd like to include you in a team working to save the children. 
 The pod kids. Yes. 
 Now, the purpose of Black Lightning was to kill Tobias, who killed my father. 
 [groans] 
 [Inspector Henderson] I wanted you to hear it from me. 
 We caught Tobias. 
 She needs help. 
 She needs a therapist to talk to. 
 Can I help you? 
 My name is Perenna. 
 Where the hell are we? 
 [Perenna] A place inside you that will eventually allow you to control your powers. 
 Before you can stuff your feelings into anything, we need to know what those feelings are. 
 [screaming] 
 [camera shutter clicking] 
 What do you guys think? [chuckling] 
 Baby, you look beautiful. Thank you, Mom. 
 Gorgeous. 
 All right, come on. Come on. Get together. 
 [Anissa] Yeah. Yeah, right. 
 Got to love pictures. 
 [laughs] 
 Oh, come on, Dad. You are old school. 
 Hey. Not all cameras are used for selfies now. 
 [camera shutter clicks] 
 You really do look beautiful. Thanks. 
 [knocking on door] 
 Really, J? 
 This dude? 
 [grunts] 
 [gasps] 
 J, we need to talk. 
 [both grunting] 
 [both grunting] 
 [weapon powering up] 
 [Jennifer panting] 
 [Khalil groans] 
 [gasping] 
 [electricity crackling] 
 [grunts] [yells] 
 [Jennifer] I can't stop it! 
 You can. You are the storm, so you can control the storm. 
 Don't fear it. Own it. Pull the energy back into you. 
 Take a minute, and know that you are this power. 
 Now... put it in the box. 
 [gunshot] 
 [monitor beeping] 
 Hey, hang in there. I'm right here. 
 [breathing heavily] 
 I can't. I tried. 
 I tried. I... I know. 
 But you're making progress. 
 [Jennifer sighs] 
 Who is this Khalil? 
 [sighs] 
 ♪♪ Last night I saw a superhero He was black ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ He said "This is for the street Black Lightning's back" ♪♪ 
 I've been in here two days and haven't changed or nothin'. 
 How is it you never seem to age? 
 [chuckles] Well, a vegan lifestyle mixed with a little yoga really does work. 
 I keep saying black folks got to get off of that fried chicken and watermelon Kool-Aid diet. 
 Plus, I do my best to stay out of the sun. 
 I'mma ask you a few questions. 
 I know you gonna lie to me, but do you happen to know your whereabouts last Thursday night? 
 I'm pretty sure that's domino night. 
 Have you seen Marsellus White recently? 
 [scoffs] Man, now you digging in the crates. 
 It's been years. 
 How's that brother doing? 
 Great. Up until the moment somebody snapped his neck. 
 Damn. 
 All this violence in Freeland... is disturbing. Mm-hmm. 
 Conveniently, all this happened the very same week that the DNA evidence in Alvin Pierce's murder went missing from our evidence room and one of my cops who had access to that evidence room got himself set on fire. 
 My condolences. 
 I'm sure his kids will be happy to know that you're concerned. 
 [chuckles] 
 You forgot something, you translucent freak. 
 You are not going to get away with this. 
 Deputy Chief Henderson. 
 "Translucent." 
 That's a very interesting choice of words. 
 It means you can see right through me. 
 And if you can see right through me, then you know what I'm thinking. 
 [indistinct chatter] 
 He orchestrated this whole thing. 
 He killed his former lieutenant, he got rid of our DNA evidence, got himself arrested knowing we would have to let him go, all while rehabilitating his reputation with one stroke. 
 Well, the judge will call that a theory. 
 I need hard evidence of something. 
 Murder, obstruction, conspiracy to commit obstruction. 
 Without that, we're gonna have to let him walk. 
 You got about 48 hours, if that. 
 As always, Ms. Montez, you're a regular ray of sunshine. 
 [keyboard keys clacking] [beeping] 
 She gave that money to Reverend Holt? 
 Yes. 
 Who'd she steal it from? 
 Mobsters from some break-away republic. 
 They were laundering money for that redevelopment project downtown. 
 And you knew about this? 
 I did. 
 But you didn't come to me first? 
 If I'd done that, I would have lost Anissa's trust. 
 I don't care about that. 
 I do. Listen, Jeff, Tobias is still out there, and he's got the briefcase. 
 And some faction of the ASA is almost certainly still hunting metas, which means that you and the girls continue to be in danger. 
 If I had let Anissa go out there by herself that night, she might be dead right now. 
 And I wasn't about to let that happen. 
 I told her I was going to tell you after the fact. 
 I have. 
 What you do now is up to you. 
 [Jefferson] Not only was it illegal, but you could've been hurt. 
 Bullets literally bounce off of me. 
 Only if you're ready for 'em. 
 And you think you saved the clinic with that money? 
 No, you just made it a target. 
 Dad, Freeland is already a target. [Jefferson scoffs] 
 This is way bigger than a clinic. 
 They have a reason for buying all this property. 
 And whatever that reason is, it means way worse things than the clinic being a target. 
 Yes, because they're not just gangbangers on a corner, Anissa. 
 These are professional criminals. 
 Aren't we supposed to be helping people? 
 We are helping people. 
 But unlike criminals, we have rules that we need to follow. 
 Rules made by who? Rules made by me. 
 Guess what? I have a different set of rules. 
 Because I'm not gonna watch my people get taken advantage of. 
 They are not your people, Anissa. 
 And as long as you're under my roof, you will follow my rules. 
 [scoffs] Wow. 
 Okay. So you're going there? 
 No, we're not going there. We're already there. 
 Okay. 
 If you're gonna use this house to try and tell me what to do, I'll make it easy for you. 
 I'll be out of here by morning. 
 [voice trembles] So you leaving the rest for me, or what? 
 Oh, come on, Jen. Would you stop that? 
 Or you gonna get me crying, too. 
 Come here. 
 [Anissa sighs] 
 Look, I'm not dying, okay? I'll still be around. 
 I just cannot have Dad thinking he can control me. 
 You act like he doesn't do the same thing to me. 
 You're 16. Your fast ass could use a bit of controlling. 
 Oh, I'm fast? What are you, then? 
 Grown. And what I do is my own damn business. 
 [chuckles] 
 Anissa... 
 I know I'm doing a lot, but I don't know how I'm gonna get though all this stuff without you. 
 Really. I can't talk to Mom. I can't talk to Dad. 
 Listen. 
 You know I'm always here for you, right? 
 [cell phone vibrating] 
 Give me that. 
 [scoffs] 
 Khalil? Have you lost your damn mind? He killed Dad. 
 Anissa, he killed Black Lightning. 
 Oh, so now you're sticking up for him? 
 When did he start texting you? 
 A while ago. But I never hit him back. I swear. 
 Not once. I swear. 
 Yo, you've gotta shut this down. 
 Now, I know y'all used to be tight, but he is not who he was. 
 You don't think I know that? I know. 
 Jennifer... whatever you are going through... this boy is not the answer. 
 I know. 
 Here. 
 And you better stay away from him. 
 Okay. 
 Look, even if I'm not in this house, I will always be there for you. 
 Come here, little girl. 
 [sighs] I love you, girl. 
 I love you. 
 I think we've put so much attention on Jennifer, we've forgotten this is all new for Anissa as well. 
 This path she's taking... 
 Stealing. 
 It only leads to blood... 
 Hey, it's the same path you took early on, remember? 
 No, I never stole. 
 Well, you may not have stolen or killed, but how close to the edge did you get? 
 I'm sorry... 
 that you have to go through all this. 
 That you had to pull that trigger. 
 It was a live-or-die situation. 
 I chose to live. 
 I've come to terms with it. 
 [cell phone vibrating] 
 [Jefferson groans] 
 [sighs] 
 Mr. Pierce? 
 [indistinct chatter] 
 You're letting Tobias walk? 
 First of all, I'm not letting him do anything. 
 Unlike Black Lightning, I'm not a vigilante. 
 I just can't go around breaking the law. I am the law. 
 And secondly, where are you getting your information from? 
 I can't say. 
 [scoffs] Of course you can't. 
 Well, whoever pulled your coattail should've told you the evidence against him is... 
 It's all gone. Wait, what? But... the newspapers? What... the DNA? 
 What about the guy he worked with? 
 He was murdered last week. 
 So he's just been playing you the whole time? 
 Right now, that's what it looks like, yeah. 
 No, no, there's gotta be something else. 
 And I'm confident he made some sort of mistake, and I will find it. But in the... 
 Put me on the stand. 
 [chuckles] Why? To say what? 
 That I was there. That I saw Tobias kill my father. 
 You gonna perjure yourself now? 
 That's not how I roll. You know that. 
 I'm not lying. I was there. 
 What? 
 I was there. 
 I saw Tobias murder my father. 
 Gambi didn't let me say anything because he thought it was the best way to keep me safe. 
 Damn, bro. Any more lies or half-truths you want to clear up? 
 Come on, man. Look, we gotta squash this beef, all right? 
 So that you and I can work together and take down Tobias. 
 You really don't understand what position you've put me in as a deputy chief or as a friend. 
 I got work to do. 
 [beeping] 
 [Kara exhales] 
 [Kara grunting] 
 [monitor beeping] 
 Please try not to move. Nobody knows you're here. 
 The straps are for your own protection. 
 I don't want you to hurt yourself. 
 Whatever it is you were shot with, it went straight through. 
 Tobias. 
 With a harpoon. 
 [groans] 
 You've lost a lot of blood. 
 You've gotta help me. Please. 
 Kara, you need to make your peace. 
 No, there's gotta be something. 
 Kara, you've got sepsis. 
 And it's only going to get worse. 
 You're trying to play me. You lying old hypocrite. 
 You ain't no better than I am. 
 No, I'm not. But I've had time to atone. 
 You don't. 
 At least tell me what you know. 
 I'm not telling you a damn thing. 
 I'm hoping you might reconsider. 
 This is for the pain. 
 [indistinct shouting] 
 [grunting] 
 Come on, man! Hey! Hey! 
 Hey, hey, hey! No, no! Enough! 
 Enough, both of you. 
 Everybody, back to class. Go. Go on. 
 Go. Now, look, I don't know what this all about, but at Garfield, we do not settle disputes with our fists. 
 Yeah, no, but I... No, wait. No, no. 
 No. "Hate is too great a burden to bear. 
 It injures the hater more than it injures the hated." 
 Who said that? Hmm? 
 [sighs] 
 Coretta Scott King. That's right. That's right. 
 Now, look each other in the eye. 
 In the eye. 
 Shake hands and squash this beef. Come on. 
 Yes. [Principal Lowry] What's going on? 
 I heard there was fighting. 
 No, no, Principal Lowry, I got it. Everything's okay. 
 Had I wanted your opinion, Mr. Pierce, I would've asked. 
 Now, which one of you threw the first punch? 
 It doesn't matter. These young men have... 
 Answer the question. His punk ass did. 
 Hey, man, he was talking all that mess, dog, and you know what? 
 Calm... Calm down, okay? 
 So it was you? What's your name? 
 [sighs] Sekou Hamilton. 
 Congratulations, Mr. Hamilton, you've just been expelled. 
 What? Hey, Mr. Pierce, what's... 
 And you are suspended for a week. 
 What? Look, Principal Lowry, these two are good kids. 
 They just made a mistake. 
 And this school has a zero-tolerance policy when it comes to fighting. 
 Now get back to class. 
 No, this school was built on the understanding that no one is beyond redemption. 
 Times change, Mr. Pierce. 
 And if you feel you're unable to properly enforce the school's new rules and policies, well, you're free to leave as well. 
 Let's go. 
 Expelled? What... No. Come on. 
 Go back to class. Everything's fine. 
 Go back to class. It's fine. 
 Don't you ever talk to me like that. 
 Not here or anywhere else. 
 Are you threatening me, Mr. Pierce? 
 Oh, for the record, yes. 
 As I've said, if you don't like my methods or find you're unable to support them, feel free to go. 
 No... To hell with that. Let's be clear. 
 I am only here to give you cover, to give your presence at Garfield legitimacy. 
 So we both know I'm not going anywhere. 
 No, no. You're here to give cover to the board, not me. 
 Now, I understand why they need their Black Jesus, but I don't. 
 Because no child will be shot, kidnapped, or overdose on Green Light on my watch, period. 
 Look, if you give that kid another chance, he will become a person that we can all be proud of. 
 But you throw him out on the street, odds are, he's gonna become someone to be feared. 
 Zero tolerance. 
 The rule offers no room for interpretation, which is why it will be easy for all of us to understand. 
 Yeah. 
 [bell dings] 
 [sighs] 
 I take it it didn't go so well with your father. 
 [scoffs] 
 You mind if I crash for a few days? 
 Of course. You're always welcome. 
 You stay as long as you like. 
 Thank you, Uncle Gambi. 
 But I'm gonna have to let your parents know you're here. 
 [sighs] I know. 
 Come on, let's get you settled in. 
 Five. Four. Three. Two. One. 
 That's odd. 
 [beeps] 
 Are you expecting something to happen? 
 [alarm blaring] Yes. 
 No. No, no, no, no. This is not right. 
 This... What's happening? What's happening? 
 Guess we know what his powers were. 
 If you knew he was gonna wake up, why didn't you say something? 
 We could've saved him. We couldn't. 
 The subject was experiencing rapid mitochondrial deterioration. 
 Death was imminent. No! He's not a subject! 
 He's a person, and his name is Sean Phillips. 
 And now he's dead. 
 Indeed. And now we have more data. 
 I'll input this. 
 No. 
 [indistinct talking on TV] 
 Hey, sweetheart. 
 [Jefferson exhales deeply] 
 So how'd it go yesterday? 
 [sighs] 
 I see you're ignoring me. 
 Wonderful. [TV turns off] 
 You know, I didn't think there was anything else you could take away from me, and then you threw Anissa out. 
 I did not throw her out. 
 I confronted her. 
 She made a choice. 
 You know what, Dad? I get it. 
 It's cool. You never make any mistakes, right? 
 You're perfect. 
 Uh... 
 [chains clinking] 
 [guard] All right, Tobias. Here's your lawyer. 
 How about a little music? 
 [jazz playing over headphones] 
 If you want, I can make a couple calls, have you home by dinner. 
 [chuckles] 
 It never ceases to amaze me how all you white folks feel this need to be the savior. 
 Makes me want to laugh and at the same time, punch you in the face. 
 Now, before my smile fades, how about you tell me why you're here. 
 [sighs] 
 A, uh... [exhales] significant sum of money was stolen from us by some bitch with powers. 
 Ah, so that's how the free clinic got its miraculous donation. 
 Mmm. 
 Out of respect, we've come to you. 
 Before we spill blood on the streets of Freeland, your streets... we're here to ask for permission. 
 You want to kill her? 
 We have ideas on how to make our point. 
 [sighs] 
 Permission granted, under one condition. 
 I want facial and body recognition monitors set up outside the clinic, just in case Black Lightning shows up. 
 He's been walking around Freeland every day, and no one knows who his black ass is. 
 But I'm going to burn this city down and everyone in it until I find him. 
 He's taken everything from me. 
 Tori, Joey Toledo, Syonide. 
 He's got to die. 
 And he's got to die soon. 
 We're on the same page. 
 [hip-hop music playing] 
 [laptop chimes] 
 [scoffs] 
 [gasps] 
 [groans in frustration] 
 [footsteps approaching] 
 [Lynn sighs] 
 You okay? 
 I lost another kid. 
 I'm sorry to hear that. 
 Yeah. 
 
 
 
 Did Jennifer tell you that she fried another laptop? 
 What? [Jefferson sighs] 
 That girl is costing me a fortune. 
 I thought she was making progress. 
 She is. But this is why I don't feel like she's ready to go back to school, you know? 
 I mean, it only takes one mistake. 
 Yeah, true. 
 Uh. Besides, I wouldn't want her there. 
 Garfield is not Garfield right now. 
 Lowry? Mmm. 
 Yes, Lowry. 
 You know what? I want to take my school back. 
 I mean, this guy, he's... 
 He's just a pencil pusher trying to get to another raise. 
 He doesn't care about the kids. 
 So, then, take it back. 
 If there's one thing I know about Jefferson Pierce, when he puts his mind to something, there aren't enough Lowrys in the world that can stop him. 
 Everything happens for a reason. 
 My father would have loved you. 
 [chuckles] Good taste. 
 Great taste. [laughs] 
 [both laughing] 
 Oh, hey, sweetheart. 
 Hey. 
 You mind if I have a second with Dad? 
 Yeah. 
 Just... 
 Just remember you were sad when she left yesterday. 
 It's good to see you. 
 Look, Dad, Gambi thinks the free clinic's in trouble and that someone's gonna attack it. 
 Just go ahead and say, "I you told you so." 
 I know you're dying to. No. 
 I wish I weren't right. 
 Dad, I think I need your help. 
 Well, I'm here to do what needs to be done. 
 And I accept your apology. 
 [chuckles] Well, that's... That's funny, because I didn't give one. 
 But I'll definitely take yours. 
 Yep. Let's go. 
 All right, Henderson's up to speed. 
 But since there's no definite time or threat, he couldn't get the clinic to shut down. 
 All they'll do is beef up security for a week or so. 
 Okay, so what should we do? 
 Though there are no known photos of Vladislav Zlovac, the guy in charge of this redevelopment project. 
 He just transferred $50,000 from one of his business accounts. 
 To who? Don't know. 
 After being rerouted several times, I traced it to a company in Chicago. 
 But it turns out, other than a bank account and a digital profile, the company doesn't even exist. 
 Chatter on the Dark Web tells me that the money was for some sort of hired gun. 
 Now, the clinic only has two points of entry... 
 [Anissa clears throat] The front door on the street and this service door off the alley. 
 And Henderson says he'll limit traffic on both sides. 
 Okay. 
 Now, based on what I'm hearing, and knowing that they're gonna want to inflict the maximum amount of damage, an explosive device seems the most likely method of attack. 
 So if they can't deliver a blast by car or truck, well, that just leaves us... 
 With every person who may walk through that door. 
 Took long enough for Popsicle Boy here to thaw out. 
 I need you to run some sims on a new chemical chain. 
 I reverse engineered the ones you used... 
 Why would you do that? Those calculations were off. 
 Yeah, but only by ten seconds. 
 Eight. 
 Look, I've run this simulation several times, taking into account both corrosion and energy storage, and even with the added ten seconds it doesn't add up. 
 It was eight. 
 And what you're doing isn't working because you're trying to predict improvement and I designed it to predict failure. 
 Yeah, okay... I told you, Dr. Stewart, they're all gonna die. 
 It's only a matter of how quickly. 
 I refuse to accept that. I know. 
 I know. Your optimism amuses me. 
 But death catches us all, Dr. Stewart. 
 None of us gets out alive. 
 I'm here because I'm one of three people in the world who can do what I do. 
 And the other two aren't nearly as nice. 
 Oh, by the way, I came across some samples of stable metahuman DNA. 
 Do you know where these samples came from? 
 Uh, the ASA acquired them. 
 One is a vaccine subject that is actually stable. 
 The other two show no sign of the vaccine or Green Light. 
 Had you noticed that both samples have the exact same set of protein markers, each sequencing at a previously uncategorized fashion? 
 They'd have to be related. 
 It's Genetics 101, right? 
 What if the metagene could be inherited? 
 Let's stay focused, okay? 
 Uh, run the simulation on the chemical chain and see if it doesn't lead to a serum of some sort. 
 Just imagine an entire family of metas, though. 
 Once the ASA found them, we'd be able to poke, prod, and scrutinize every detail of their genetic makeup. 
 Now, that would be excellent. 
 [sirens wailing] 
 [Gambi] The Dark Web's gone quiet. 
 And when people stop talking, it usually means one thing. 
 That they're ready. 
 Well, we just have to be careful, stay on our toes. 
 These guys don't play by the same rules that we do. 
 [scoffs] You just couldn't help yourself, could you? 
 Look, I'm just saying, if we don't have a code, we're no better than the criminals. 
 No, we'll always be better than them. 
 We're fighting for the people, for Freeland, not for money or trying to make some young girl a s*x slave. 
 If we aren't using our powers to help people, then what good are they? 
 You had to steal to help those people. 
 I don't consider taking money back from people like that stealing. 
 I consider doing it... Hang on. 
 You see this guy by the dumpster? 
 [Black Lightning] Oh, Gambi, you seeing this? 
 Just a guy trying to kill hunger pains. 
 So your mother and I were wondering... if you want your own place... maybe you'd want to move into my father's old house. 
 Wait a second. Wasn't that woman pregnant a few minutes ago? 
 [Gambi] It's the same woman. 
 Whatever she gave birth to ain't good. 
 You guys better get in there. I'll take care of her. 
 [both grunting] 
 [car horn blares] 
 Guys, I need everybody out of here. Let's go. 
 Everybody out. Come on. 
 We gotta get out here. We gotta get out. 
 Guys, I need everybody out of here. 
 Go, guys, we need to be safe. 
 Get out here. Let's go. We gotta get out. 
 Come on, we're not moving fast enough. Let's go! 
 You, out. 
 Got a bomb. 
 [bomb beeping] 
 [bomb beeping] I've got one in here, too. 
 [grunts] 
 [both grunting] 
 [tires screeching] 
 Hey, what's going on here? Are you okay? 
 [grunting] 
 So I saw in the file that you were interviewed as a child, but there's no mention of you being there. 
 So were you lying then, or are you lying now? 
 Wait a minute... I mean, it doesn't really matter. 
 Once the defense asks the question, which he will, the jury won't believe anything that you say. 
 I've lived my whole life in Freeland. 
 My word usually means something around here. 
 I'm sure it does. 
 But let's say that I actually allowed you on the stand. 
 The defense cross-examination would go something like, "Mr. Pierce, have you ever lied to investigators regarding this case?" 
 Yes, but... 
 "So, besides your word, do you have any proof 
 "that you were a witness to this alleged crime by my client?" 
 No, but I... 
 "Mr. Pierce, did you love your father?" 
 Of course. 
 "Would you say that you would do anything for him?" 
 Now, of course, at this point, I would object to leading the witness. 
 The defense would withdraw his question and ask some version of, "Do you think my client being released from custody 
 "after decades of being wrongly accused has anything to do with you coming forward now?" 
 "Wrongly accused"? 
 Tobias Whale has gotten away with this for 30 years, while my father has rotted in his grave. 
 "No further questions, Your Honor." 
 Oh. 
 Mr. Pierce, I believe you. I do. 
 But right now, the truth does not help us. 
 The only thing that helps us make a case is proof. 
 So there's nothing, then? 
 Nothing to prove that I was actually there? 
 I destroyed anything that could have even remotely linked you to that crime scene. 
 I did whatever I could to protect you. 
 So Tobias is gonna be free to walk the streets? 
 I can't accept that. 
 If you hurt Tobias after they drop the charges against him, then you're the bad guy, not him. 
 [Jefferson sighs] 
 We will find something, Jeff. We will. I won't ever give up. 
 Jennifer! Yeah. 
 Could you come down here, please? 
 Do you think we're overreacting? 
 No. No, we were leaning in this direction already. 
 I mean, yes, I thought she was improving. 
 But then, after the laptop, now this thing with Dr. Jace... 
 Oh, she's gonna be mad. 
 And you know what? I can't say I blame her. 
 Hey, what's up? 
 Sweetheart, there is something we need to talk through with you. 
 Your mother and I have decided it's not safe for you to go back to Garfield. 
 What? 
 We're gonna homeschool you. 
 No, Dad... 
 Wait, I don't understand. 
 I've done everything you guys asked me to do. 
 Yes, you have. 
 But you still can't control your powers. 
 I mean, not yet. 
 And there are people out there looking for metas. 
 The police. The government. 
 Even my work helping to save the pod children is a threat to you. 
 This isn't fair. We're sorry. 
 Yeah, we are really sorry. 
 I can't believe after everything you guys have put me through, that... 
 [Jennifer sighs] 
 Wow. 
 [Lynn sighs] 
 [monitor beeping] 
 [Kara grunting] 
 [breathing heavily] I really am dying, aren't I? 
 I'm afraid so. 
 I swear I didn't know Proctor was bent. 
 I was just trying to serve my country. 
 You still can. 
 Help me. I need to find Proctor's case. 
 Is it as powerful as I think it is? 
 Burn me. 
 Don't put me in the ground. 
 Burn my body. 
 I will. I promise. 
 Tobias... 
 Tobias has the case? 
 Does he know how to use it? Kara, where can I find him? 
 [exhales] 
 [reporters clamoring] 
 Tobias, how's it feel to be exonerated? 
 Oh, I've always had a strong belief in our justice system. 
 And knowing I've been wrongly accused all these years, to see that system work firsthand, [exhales] only solidified my belief. 
 So what's next for Tobias Whale? 
 Well, much more than anything, I want to once again become an active member in society and, most importantly, a pillar of this community. 
 And let me just say this. 
 I can only hope and offer up my prayers that, one day, after 30 years, they finally find the person who really killed Alvin Pierce. 
 If for no other reason than to allow Jefferson Pierce and his family to finally find peace. 
 Now if you'll kindly excuse me... 
 [reporter] Thank you for your time. 
 [electricity crackling] 
 Hey. 
 I didn't expect you to text me back. 
 Yeah, well... 
 [indistinct chatter] 
 I'm back. 
 [crowd chanting] Yeah! One Hundred! One Hundred! 
 One Hundred! One Hundred! 
 One Hundred! One Hundred! One Hundred! 
 [closing theme music playing] 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 