Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x04 - Black Jesus - Black Lightning 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x04 - Black Jesus https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=1005&t=43404 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/18/21 04:47 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x04 - Black Jesus 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [Lynn] You have to stop. 
 I can't keep letting you put yourself, or me through this. 
 I promise... no more. 
 [Jefferson] It has been nine years since I've even come close to using my powers. 
 [Gambi] Do you remember why you became Black Lightning? 
 You wanted to give the people hope. 
 [Anissa] Somebody has to do something, because all of this policing, and marching, and praying, it hasn't changed anything. 
 [grunting] 
 [Jefferson] It is time that people know that Black Lightning... is back. 
 [narrator] Previously on Black Lightning... 
 It's my breathing. 
 Vanna be my girlfriend? Yeah. 
 [chuckles] 
 Grace. 
 Yeah, I... I saved more lives as the principal of Garfield High than I ever did as Black Lightning. 
 It's true. It's a lie! 
 LaWanda is dead. But I could've saved her. 
 You'll be ready. 
 [Lala] Damn, boss. 
 [Tobias] If the people of Freeland start to perceive we are no longer in control, then they won't fear us. 
 And I surely can't have that. 
 For all you lost, Lady Eve. 
 Take Reverend Holt, for instance. 
 [men chanting] Freedom! 
 [Lady Eve] He's planning a march. 
 I don't mind people believing in God. 
 They just can't believe that they can take back these streets. 
 [groans] 
 [student 1] Hey, what's going on? 
 [indistinct chatter] 
 [student 2] Oh, my God! Do you guys hear that? Who is he? 
 [student 1] Vhat is going on? 
 Principal Pierce! Principal Pierce! 
 There's someone freaking out in the boy's bathroom. 
 [boy screams] 
 Okay, find Vice Principal Fowdy. 
 Tell her I said to get security over here now. 
 [school bell rings] 
 Get to class. Get to class. 
 [boy screaming] 
 [grunting] 
 Bernard? 
 [screams] 
 Come on, Bernard, talk to me. 
 [panting] 
 Principal Pierce? 
 I don't know what happened. 
 We can talk about that later. 
 [grunting] 
 You scared me half to death. 
 [grunting and groaning] 
 Bernard? 
 [grunting] 
 Bernard! 
 Bernard! 
 [effort grunts] 
 [door opens] 
 You okay? Yeah. 
 What the hell did that boy take? 
 [hip-hop music playing on stereo] 
 [indistinct chattering] 
 What the... [lowers volume] 
 [boy] You know what I'm sayin'? Don't tell your mom and dad. 
 [Lisa] I wanna try it, I wanna... 
 [music stops] 
 Lisa. Neema. 
 Oh, no, it's Harriet Tubman. 
 Get away from them. Ms. Pierce? 
 Get in the car. 
 Now. 
 [sighs] 
 How do you sleep at night selling that junk to your own people? 
 I sleep fine. 
 You better stay away from my students. 
 Or what? 
 That's what I thought. 
 That bitch crazy, man. Shh. 
 What did you say? 
 You heard me, bitch! 
 [boy] You know what's up. Watch the ball. 
 I found these on my student. 
 And he was so out of control that the only way I could keep him from hurting anyone was to blast him. Twice. 
 Must be this new drug, Green Light, I've been hearing about. 
 First Jennifer and Anissa get kidnapped, then Reverend Holt and Khalil get shot, and now one of my students damn near OD's. 
 It's like this city is under attack, and we're losing. 
 You only lose if you stop fighting. 
 But you can't save everyone, Jeff. 
 You're just gonna have to accept that. 
 We need to go hard at The One Hundred. 
 You sure it's them? 
 Who else would be dealing in Freeland? 
 One Hundred have got their hands in everything. 
 We could waste a lot of time going after the wrong part of their business. 
 I know all the street-level guys, but I don't know any of the higher-ups. 
 I'll reach out to my contacts. 
 Okay. And after I check in with the family, I'm gonna hit the streets tonight. 
 See what I can find out. 
 Sounds like a full night. 
 [electricity crackling] 
 [Jefferson] What'd you hear? 
 [man] Or what? I told you I don't know nothing. 
 Where can I find him? 
 I told you, I don't know nothing about no Green Light. 
 Yeah, well, you better tell me something. 
 'Cause I ain't in the best of moods, bruh. 
 Snitches get... 
 [groaning] 
 Snitches get what? 
 [panting] 
 Who do you work for? 
 I ain't telling you nothing. 
 All right. 
 I can do this all night. 
 So one way or the other, you gonna tell me something. 
 Okay! Okay, okay. Okay. 
 Two-Bits. 
 Two-Bits? 
 I know it sounds like a '70s slave name, but that's what he go by. 
 Where can I find him? 
 Tanner's Taproom on 7th. 
 All right. 
 Say good night. 
 [Lady Eve] Tobias... did you know that in Africa some people believe that albinos are magical? 
 These people will actually kidnap random albinos, cut them up, grind their bones, and sell it as magic dust. 
 Yes, I'm aware of that. 
 I admire how you reinvented yourself after you lost your career as a politician. 
 You went underground, built a whole new career with us, and, when we rewarded you with The One Hundred, you did a good job. 
 But? But... ever since Black Lightning returned to Freeland, my partners have become less confident in your ability to lead The One Hundred. 
 Is there something you would like to say? 
 I've literally made you millions of dollars, and you giving me a hard time over one mistake? 
 But it isn't one mistake. 
 It's your reputation. 
 Your entire criminal career was built on the belief that you killed Black Lightning nine years ago, when nobody else could. It's... it's like you lied on your resume. 
 Black Lightning's death was your calling card, and now people are beginning to feel like they've been deceived, and it's messing with my bottom line. 
 I got people paying up on protection, and that's offsetting any lost revenue. 
 And I'm gonna take Black Lightning out, once and for all. 
 How am I supposed to believe that you can take out Black Lightning now, when you couldn't take him out then? 
 And on top of that, you're making a lot of noise. 
 Your men shot a reverend and paralyzed a kid. 
 They were talking about that kid going to the Olympics. 
 He wasn't going to no Olympics. 
 Well, he isn't now. 
 And that's for sure. 
 You... You need to take Black Lightning out, and button this thing up quick. 
 I'm not gonna tell you how to run your crew, but if I were you, I would use some of that albino magic to get it done. 
 Because if you don't, my partners are gonna turn you into dust. 
 Do you understand? 
 Yes. 
 Good. 
 [Lady Eve humming] 
 I'm glad to see you're back on your feet, Bernard. 
 How you feeling? 
 He's fine. 
 You know you really gave me a scare. 
 Yeah, I know. 
 Look, I'm sorry. 
 We got an e-mail from the board. 
 Says Bernard's gonna get expelled. 
 We wanted to ask for a second chance. 
 Bernard's never been in any trouble, and he just got acceptance letters from four colleges. 
 This is gonna mess everything up. 
 Bernard's not going anywhere... but to college. 
 I promise. Thank you. 
 Now, Bernard, um, I do need to know where you got those drugs. 
 Come on, Mr. Pierce, I ain't no snitch. 
 Yes, you are. Tell him. 
 [sighs] I, uh, I got it from this dude in the neighborhood, uh, Ronald Wright. 
 He said the first taste was free. 
 Where's the future? It's right here. 
 Whose life is this? 
 It's mine. 
 What're you gonna do with it? 
 I'mma live it by any means necessary. 
 What're you gonna do with it? 
 I'mma live it by any means necessary. 
 We're gonna figure this out. 
 Thank you, Principal Pierce. Yeah. 
 Thank you. 
 You're welcome. 
 The board will never let Bernard stay at Garfield. 
 The bylaws clearly state that it's my decision. 
 You know, you seem a bit more concerned about what the board wants than what's good for these kids. 
 Tell the board that it's my decision and my decision alone. 
 I care about Garfield as much as you, and I'm the vice principal, not your secretary. 
 S o if you want the board to know something, you should tell them yourself. 
 [indistinct chatter on radio] 
 [cell phone rings] 
 Yeah? 
 The drugs that came into the school came from a guy named Ronald Wright. 
 - Really? What? 
 I'm looking at Mr. Wright's body right now. 
 What do you mean his body? 
 He's dead. OD'd on Green Light. 
 Evidently, Mr. Wright didn't follow the number one rule of being a drug dealer, "Don't get high on your own supply." 
 What'd you get from that dealer last night? 
 His distributor is a guy named Two-Bits. 
 [chuckles] Is that like Huggy Bear? 
 [chuckles] You got jokes today. 
 You know things are bad when drug dealers are OD-ing. 
 I actually know Two-Bits. I grew up with him. 
 I mean, he was a bit younger than me, but I used to know him pretty well. 
 What're you thinking? 
 I'm thinking this is gonna get a lot worse before it gets better. 
 [Khalil grunting] [nurse] Easy. 
 Easy. Easy. Easy. 
 Good job. 
 [sighs] 
 You okay? 
 Yeah. Yeah. This is easy. 
 [chuckles] 
 All right, I'll get you a towel. 
 [nurse 1] I don't know why they're leading that boy on like that. 
 [nurse 2] There's a chance he might walk. 
 [nurse 1] His spinal cord was nearly severed. Why get his hopes up? 
 [nurse 2] It's a shame. He's so young. 
 Hey! 
 What the hell is your problem? 
 What? 
 He can hear you. 
 I'm sorry. 
 You okay? 
 Yeah. 
 Look, it don't matter what they think. They don't know me. 
 I'mma be all right. 
 Yeah, I know. 
 I know you will. 
 [sobbing] 
 [groaning] 
 You lied to me. You told me Black Lightning was dead. 
 You said you personally saw the body. 
 I thought... I mean, I saw... 
 Look, I don't have time for your lies. What happened? 
 The body came out of the river where Black Lightning fell. 
 How many people could've fallen into that river? 
 I thought it was him. 
 What do you mean you thought? 
 My boss put the body from the river in the crematorium. 
 Was he dressed like Earth, Vind and Fire? 
 What? [grunts] 
 Was the body your boss put in the fire dressed like Maurice White? 
 [chuckles] 
 Did you personally see Black Lightning's body burn or not? 
 My entire situation's in jeopardy, because you didn't do what you was paid to do. 
 You were supposed to confirm Black Lightning's death. 
 Well, since Black Lightning ain't dead, you owe me a death. 
 What? 
 What? No. No. No. No! 
 [grunting] 
 Mmm-mmm. Come in here, young lady. 
 Well, the main reason you have that phone is so that when we need to contact you, we can. 
 I'm... I'm sorry. It died when I was visiting Khalil. 
 Well, your coach called us to see if you were okay. 
 Yeah, everything's fine. 
 Well, if everything's fine, why you leaving practice early and disrespecting your coach? 
 I told him that I needed to help Khalil with his physical therapy, and he still tried to make me stay. 
 [Jefferson] Look, we know you've been through a lot, but with school, track, helping Khalil, your mother and I think you have a little too much on your plate. 
 So, maybe you should spend less time with Khalil, and more time on school and yourself. 
 Dad, Khalil needs me. 
 The reason his mom can't be there for his rehab is she's taking extra shifts to pay for his hospital bills. 
 Khalil has nurses 24/7. 
 Okay, look, we feel really bad about what happened to Khalil. 
 We do. But you are our first concern. 
 You are apologizing to your coach tomorrow. 
 [sighs] 
 I don't wanna run track anymore. 
 [Jefferson] What? 
 No, no. You're just saying that because you're upset. 
 No. I'm not upset. 
 The only reason why I ran track in the first place was to make Dad happy. 
 That... That's not true. You love running. 
 Look, let's just take a couple of days to think about it before you make any big decisions, okay? 
 I'm not gonna change my mind. 
 Look, if... if you feel the same way in two days, then you can quit. 
 [clears throat] 
 Can I be excused? 
 No... Yes. You can be excused. 
 If I had some kinda powers, I would use them. I'm... I'm okay. 
 How could you not? 
 I think Black Lightning's trying to do the right thing, but in doing that, sometimes people get hurt. 
 Well, Black Lightning doesn't care about hurting people, he never has. [scoffs] 
 No offense, but... 
 Whenever somebody says "No offense," it's usually right before they say something really offensive. 
 [all chuckle] 
 Well, this isn't meant to be offensive, but doesn't Black Lightning have the same agenda as you? 
 Except he's doing a better job at protecting the community. 
 Anissa. 
 I know being a police officer is a tough job. 
 Tough? Yeah. 
 Impossible is more like it. 
 [Inspector Henderson] Look, Black Lightning is a vigilante. 
 He is causing more problems than he is solving. 
 What about all the people he saved? 
 And what about all the people who were indirectly hurt because of him? 
 Khalil? Reverend Holt? 
 I think you have to consider how hard it is for Black Lightning's family. 
 I mean, going out every night, fighting crime. 
 What does that have to do with anything? 
 I'm sure his family supports him, because what he's doing is heroic. 
 Is it? Yes! It is. 
 Look, somebody has to do something, because all of this policing, and marching and praying, it hasn't changed anything. 
 I'm just saying. 
 I'm sorry. I have to go. 
 Mr. and Mrs. Henderson, have a good night. 
 [Henderson] Good night. 
 I'll see you guys later. 
 Good night, honey. 
 Hey. Hmm? 
 You okay? Mmm-hmm. 
 I got that Green Light. 
 Oh, I got your Green Light. 
 [grunting] 
 ♪♪ Green Light Green Light ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ I got that Green Light Green Light ♪♪ Who's the bitch now? 
 ♪♪ That's that Green Light ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ Have you stronger Than any human ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ Off that Green Light ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ You can take down a giant ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ Off that Green Light ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ Feeling like I could Take over the world ♪♪ 
 [breathing heavily] 
 ♪♪ Off this Green Light ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ Pop one of these You're gonna feel amazing ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ Feel amazing ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ When it kick ins You gonna feel amazing ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ That's that Green Light ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ Now your strength Should be upgrade ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ Feel like I can Lift the world ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ Now you're activated ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ It's in your veins You don't feel no pain ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ Take down a plane Hit 'em with a train ♪♪ 
 - 911? What's your emergency? Hello? 
 Yeah, I need an ambulance on the corner of 30th and S ycamore. 
 ♪♪ Pop another one And another one ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ Last time somebody tried ya He a dead sucker ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ I see that look In your eyes ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ You don't care About nothing ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ You'll murder All of them guys ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ Take 'em on by the fives You will come out alive ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ Come out alive Come out alive ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ Thrive, you survived Through the night ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ Now it's at its peak Green Light has woken ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ You feelin' so strong ♪♪ Jefferson Pierce. 
 ♪♪ You need it like money That's that Green Light ♪♪ Two-Bits. 
 What's up, man? 
 Man, you know what it is, baby. 
 Hey, yo, this dude right here is so fast. 
 He can turn off the light and be in bed before the whole room got dark. 
 Yeah. But you was pretty fast yourself. 
 Yeah, but I wasn't Olympic fast, man. 
 Look, now we're finished with the small talk, what you want, bro? 
 Oh. 
 Oh, come on, J, you too boujie to be down here by accident. 
 One of my students overdosed on Green Light. 
 Your name came up. 
 No, hey, I'm just here to give you a heads-up. 
 The cops are coming your way. 
 You might wanna get out of this before it gets too hot for you. 
 Get out and do what? 
 I appreciate you looking out, but I got a family to take care of. 
 Yeah, but this Green Light stuff is bad news, bruh. 
 Now, look, you want to tell me anything? 
 Maybe I could help. 
 I got nothing to tell. It is what it is, bruh. 
 It's good to see you, Two-Bits. 
 Yeah. Hey, look, tell Lynn and everybody else I said what's up. 
 Will do. All right. 
 [speaking indistinctly] 
 How'd your talk with Two-Bits go? 
 [sighs] Not good. 
 This stuff is like crack and PCP got together and had a baby. 
 You should keep an eye on that student of yours. 
 The way this stuff attaches to your neural receptors, you take it once, and you're hooked. 
 That's why the first taste is free. 
 Since Green Light hit, there've been 36 overdoses, six of them fatal. You'd think it'd be on the news. 
 Yeah, black kids OD-ing has never been newsworthy. 
 I've hacked Freeland PD's computers. 
 They're trying to get a no-knock warrant for your boy, Two-Bits. 
 Yeah, that'll take too long. 
 They move dope houses twice a month. 
 Ever since Black Lightning's come back, The One Hundred have gotten a lot more sophisticated. 
 They're operating like terrorist cells. 
 Each group only knows what it needs to know. 
 Makes it harder to beat your way up the food chain. 
 Maybe Black Lightning should pay Two-Bits a visit. 
 [man] What the... 
 [indistinct chatter] 
 Hey. Hey. Go get him, man. Go get him! 
 [grunting] 
 Wait, wait, wait, wait. 
 Hey. The streets are talking, man. 
 I heard what you did to Block. 
 What'd you hear? 
 I heard you lit his ass up. 
 Good, that should save us some time. 
 Tell me about Green Light. 
 I know your MO After I tell you what you wanna know, you just gonna knock me out and call the cops, and that'll be my third strike. 
 I get 30 years, man. 
 Really should've thought about that before you started dealing. 
 You think I deserve 30 years? 
 You deserve something. 
 Okay. But 30 years? I mean, come on, man. 
 They throwing brothers in jail forever, like it ain't nothing. 
 All right. 
 I won't call the cops if you tell me what I need to know, and you stop selling drugs. 
 Now, I hear you dealing again, I'mma come find you. 
 Okay. Deal. 
 So I leave the money at the drop spot. 
 
 
 
 I go pick up the product at a warehouse on 389 Hart Avenue. 
 Re-up is every Thursday at noon. 
 Hey, hey, real, real quick. Before you knock me out, uh, you think I can get a pic? 
 And can you make sure you light up. 
 Vhat? No. 
 [sighs] 
 [commentator on TV] And it's a clean exchange. Anderson, lane 4, has... 
 So, Joan Lincoln wants to interview me. 
 Wait. Joan Lincoln from TV, Joan Lincoln? 
 Yeah. What? 
 I mean, she says people wanna see how I'm doing. 
 Okay, so you're, like, official now? 
 Yeah, I've been official. [chuckles] 
 You just didn't notice it. 
 Okay, so what you gonna do? 
 I don't want people to see me like this. 
 I don't know. I mean, what do you think? 
 Um, I think you've been through a lot. 
 [clears throat] So, I quit the track team. 
 What? For real? Mmm-hmm. 
 Huh. 
 [commentator speaking indistinctly on TV] 
 You know what? 
 I'mma do it. 
 Yeah. People should see that it takes more than a bullet to keep me down. 
 Hey, we gonna do it together, right? 
 You're my ride or die, right? 
 Yeah. Yeah, ride or die. 
 [commentator speaking indistinctly on TV] 
 We're recommending that the board have final say on students who break the rules. 
 We're also recommending that Mr... 
 Bernard Lewis. His name is Bernard Lewis. 
 Thank you. 
 We're recommending that Mr. Lewis be expelled. 
 The board is not in a position to know all the facts about our students. 
 Well, that's why, in this paradigm, we're proposing that your job would be to give us those facts, so that we can then make an impartial decision. 
 I'm getting a feeling that this is already a done deal. 
 We all want the same thing. Principal Pierce. 
 [clears throat] Yes. Of course. Thank you for your time. 
 They wanna take control of the disciplinary process, and have me expel Bernard? 
 Can't save 'em all. 
 How do you choose? 
 You choose by partnering with the students. 
 I mean, you do everything you can to help them succeed, but the students still have to do their part. 
 If they don't, then those students choose for you. 
 If my teachers had taken that approach, I never would've made it. 
 You can always reject their offer. 
 Yeah. If I do that, when my contract's up, they'll fire me, and bring in someone with no connection with the community to run the school. 
 Mmm-hmm. I mean, it's... It's a hard choice. 
 Just want you to know that I appreciate you. 
 And if you need my help with anything, I'm here. 
 [cellphone ringing] 
 Hi, this is Fowdy. 
 [sighs] 
 [hip-hop music playing] 
 [vocalizing] 
 [squeaking] 
 [squeaking continues] 
 Oh, that is nasty. 
 Took you long enough to get here. 
 [Tori] You know I hate it out here. 
 If it was anyone else but you, I would've stayed in Miami. 
 Tori, I missed you. 
 I missed you too, big brother. 
 So... Hmm. 
 How we goin' to kill Black Lightning? 
 Oh! Oh, damn, Gambi! 
 You've been holding out on me. 
 If I knew you were gonna give me X-ray vision, I'd have come out of retirement five years ago. 
 It's more like electric vision. 
 It allows you to see the electrical signature of any powered object. 
 So, what do you see? 
 I see everything. 
 [Grace] You look really pretty tonight. [Anissa] Thank you. 
 [Grace] You're welcome. [Anissa chuckles] 
 Have you ever wanted to share something important with your parents but couldn't? 
 Yep. 
 You do know I'm bi, right? 
 [both laughing] 
 True. I just feel like I'm past the age where I need my parents to co-sign on everything I do. 
 What's wrong with that? 
 Ugh! It's just irritating. 
 You're looking for large containers where they store the drugs. 
 The containers use power to regulate their temperature, so you should be able to spot them. Yeah, I got it. 
 From the looks of things here, this Green Light is bigger than The One Hundred. 
 I mean, no street gang is this organized. 
 Professional drivers, temperature controlled 18-wheelers and a warehouse that looks like it's being guarded by Special Ops. 
 I'm a grown-ass woman, who is capable of making my own decisions without them. 
 Okay. Well, my parents sucked, but there's not a day that goes by that I don't wish that I could still go to them for advice. 
 Hey, you're the bartender from the Ruby Red Lipstick Bar, aren't you? 
 You know I am. Who's this? 
 This guy and his fellow idiots have been harassing us for weeks. 
 Someone should burn this lesbian whorehouse to the ground. 
 Yeah? Well, I'm gonna call the cops. 
 We have a restraining order. 
 Uh-uh. Whoa! What're you doing? 
 Grace! I got this. 
 [inhales deeply] 
 All right, I'm gonna track the truck. See what I can find. 
 [explosion in distance] What was that? 
 I don't know. It was close by. 
 Sounded like an explosion. [explosion in distance] 
 - I'm gonna check that out. You'll lose the truck. 
 You lose that truck, we lose our best chance of finding out where and to whom this stuff is headed. 
 Yeah, but the explosions could be connected to what we're looking for. 
 Plus, people could be hurt. 
 Can you tap into the cameras near my location? 
 [beeping] 
 [static] 
 You see anything? 
 Uh, I got nothing. 
 The cameras in your vicinity didn't capture whatever happened. 
 Whoever did this is long gone. 
 You should call it a night. 
 I'm going back to the warehouse. S ee what I can find. 
 Be safe. 
 Always. 
 [both sigh] 
 Grace, if I could make people who did bad things pay for what they did, 
 that'd be a good thing, right? 
 Right? 
 Yeah. 
 [camera clicking] 
 [reporter on TV] Local high school track star, Khalil Payne, is currently convalescing at Saint Lewis Hospital after a gunshot left him unable to walk. 
 Khalil was shot at a peaceful protest that turned violent two weeks ago. 
 Khalil was a two-time state champion sprinter from Garfield. 
 I'd take Black Lightning out myself, but since I technically still have warrants in Freeland, I can't be out and about. 
 If you could win the hearts of the residents in Freeland, if they saw Black Lightning as a bad guy instead of as a hero, they'd probably take him out for you. 
 The people in Freeland love that boy, and he has every reason to hate Black Lightning. 
 He doesn't know it yet, but he does. 
 Maybe you can help him realize just how much he hates Black Lightning. 
 Hey! What you doing here so early? 
 Um, your mom asked my dad to come by, so I just kinda tagged along. 
 Yo, where'd all this stuff come from? 
 Anonymous donor. 
 Yeah, whoever it is, they're hooking it up. 
 They're even taking care of my medical bills, and helping my mom out with rent. 
 Principal Pierce. 
 Hey, Khalil. 
 What, what's going on? 
 Mama, what's wrong? 
 Khalil, they're telling us that, uh... 
 your spinal cord is now completely severed. 
 Well, what're you saying? You saying I'm not gonna walk again? 
 [speaking softly] I'm sorry, son. 
 [door opens] 
 The board called. 
 Bernard can stay if you give up final say on severe infractions. 
 I mean, you can advocate on behalf of the students, but your opinion counts as one vote, along with each board member. 
 I don't like it. 
 You can either save Bernard, or you can retain final say, but they're not gonna let you have both. So... 
 Tell them I'll do it. 
 Okay, I'll let them know. Thank you. 
 [door closes] 
 [cellphone ringing] 
 Hello? [Jefferson] Hey. Just checking in. 
 The girls okay? 
 Yeah. Yeah, they're fine. 
 This Khalil situation is bothering me. 
 He's never gonna walk again. 
 Yeah, I know. I'm up to speed. Jennifer told me. 
 Hey, I don't know, Lynn. 
 LaWanda, Khalil, Reverend Holt, Bernard... 
 I just used to be able to handle the collateral damage a lot better. 
 [sighs] 
 Jefferson, I'm really busy right now. 
 Can we talk about this later? 
 Yeah. Yeah, sure, um... 
 I'll call you later. 
 [cell phone vibrating] 
 Hello. 
 Principal Pierce, I'm sorry to bother you, but I didn't know who else to call. 
 Bernard went to a dope house looking for drugs. 
 Wait, what? Okay, slow down. What, what happened? 
 After our meeting, Bernard wouldn't stop talking about Green Light. 
 What's the address? 367, 34th Street. 
 I went there to get him, but some of The Hundred came out. 
 They pistol-whipped me. The cops didn't do nothing. 
 Okay, I'll make some calls. 
 ♪♪ We pray at night For the helpless ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ Pray at night ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ Hoping you get us Through breakfast ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ Wish that somebody Come save us ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ Black Lightning's back Come to shock the haters ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ Come to shock the haters ♪♪ 
 [grunts] 
 [grunts] [metal clanging] 
 ♪♪ Woke up in the ghetto Got our hero back ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ Guns flapping, gangs acting Like where we at ♪♪ 
 [groans] 
 ♪♪ Black Lightning Need to strike ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ Like where we at ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ Show us another way Besides guns crackin' ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ Nighttime super This for payback ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ This our people They're robbin' in the back ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ Stand back You might get shocked Off of contact ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ This was for the hood This for being black ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ We ain't got no hope They're killin' every day ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ I know we need you In every way ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ We need results We don't need to See your face ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ Here he comes Just to save the day ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ Here he comes Just in perfect timing ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ To help the needy And guard the blinded ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ Last night I saw a superhero He was black ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ He said This is for the street Black Lightning's back ♪♪ I don't understand how he got hooked so quick. 
 This new drug is bad like that. 
 But Bernard is in the best treatment facility in Freeland, and when he's straight, we'll get him back on track and into college. 
 I've put everything I had into giving him a better life. 
 I... 
 I appreciate everything you've done for us. 
 Oh, of course. Of course. 
 Thank you. 
 Hmm. Stay in touch. 
 [sighs] 
 [cell phone chimes] 
 [Lynn] Hi, Jefferson, it's me. I'm sorry about earlier today. 
 All I can say is, this Black Lightning stuff has my emotions all over the place. 
 If I'm being honest, I'm angry with you. 
 But that doesn't mean, I don't love you. 
 How'd you like the gifts? 
 [pants] 
 You mind keeping the lights off? They hurt my eyes. 
 My name is Tobias Whale. 
 What're you doing in my room? 
 I wanted to see how you were doing. 
 Why'd you give me all those gifts? 
 I understand what you're going through. 
 Black Lightning messed my life up, too. 
 I wanted you to have some nice things to keep your mind off your troubles I know it's hard to see now, but in time, you will. 
 Black Lightning's the reason you're lying here paralyzed. 
 There was many times when I was younger I needed help, but no one showed up. 
 I don't wanna have to see you go through the same thing. 
 Why? 
 Well, I've followed your athletic career a long time, and it hurt me to see you hurt. 
 But what I've learned about pain is, pain makes you stronger. 
 Pain makes you tougher. 
 And eventually, you get to a point where you don't even feel it. 
 If you'd like, I can show you how to kill your pain. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 