Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x03 - Wave The White Flag - Mary Kills People 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x03 - Wave The White Flag https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=818&t=30951 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/09/17 00:01 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x03 - Wave The White Flag 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Hey, this is Joel Collins. I met a nurse named Annie. 
 She said you could help me. 
 I believe we should be in control of our life and our death. That's liberty. 
 And dying isn't a crime. 
 No, but helping people die makes you a criminal. 
 Oh, my God. You had s*x with him. 
 And now you think you two are gonna live happily ever after. He's dying. 
 Can you tell me again? 
 You told me how they do it in Switzerland, but I really want to hear how you're gonna do it. 
 Des, he's a cop.I  almost killed him. 
 Get out now. 
 She's by her car, can't see what she's doing. 
 Please don't go. 
 Augh! 
 [gasps] 
 God, Des, say something! 
 I really think we need to help Charlie. 
 Sid, would you get Dr. Mary Harris of 228 Maple Drive what she came here for tonight? 
 Smile. 
 You sound like your mom. 
 I told her I took her drugs from the shed, and she said she wouldn't tell anyone  if I cleaned up my act. 
 Wait. She knew about it? 
 I, Troy Dixon, choose to take my life. 
 I think you might know my husband, Troy Dixon. 
 You don't get to play God, Mary. 
 None of us do. 
 You got the wrong girl. 
 Listen to me. 
 Right now, they don't have anything on us. 
 So we just need to be smarter. 
 [Harry Nilsson's "Coconut"] 
 ♪ Brother bought a coconut, he bought it for a dime ♪ 
♪ His sister had another one, she paid it for a lime ♪ 
♪ She put the lime in the coconut ♪ 
♪ She called the doctor, woke him up ♪ 
♪ And said, Doctor, ain't there nothin' I can take? ♪ 
♪ I say, doctor, to relieve this bellyache? ♪ 
♪ You put the lime in the coconut ♪ 
♪ You drink 'em both together ♪ 
♪ Put the lime in the coconut and call me in the morning ♪ 
♪ Whoo-whoo-whoo ♪ 
♪ Ain't there nothin'I  can take? ♪ 
♪ I said, Doctor, ain't there nothin' I can take? ♪ 
♪ I said, Doctor, ain't there nothin' I can take? ♪ 
♪ I said, Doctor, you're such a silly woman ♪ [knock at door] I thought Death always knocked three times. Guess you're safe... for now. Larissa? Still asleep. God, she sleeps like a teenager. She is a teenager. Yeah. It's for after Irene, assuming we don't end up in jail. New patient, new phone. Smarter. You know, I was thinking about Irene. If my family had the gene, I'd want to know. Oh, I say wait for the symptoms. Yeah, in the meantime, eat, shag, and be merry. Wouldn't you want to know what kind of future you're facing? Oh, God no. No, ignorance is bliss. [groans] So early. Morning, sleepy. There's coffee in the kitchen. We're off. Okay. Keys? They're on the table. Good luck. So domestic. [tense music] Hey, here she is. She's leaving. Mm. ♪ ♪ Don't get your hopes up. She hasn't killed anyone in over a week, right? Must've been so hard for her. ♪ ♪ All right, Mary, where are you taking us? ♪ ♪ Yeah, that's the same nursing home surveillance saw her going through a few days ago. She visit anyone? ♪ ♪ Yeah, visitor's log says 103. It's on the left. Right here. Right here. "Exposing her milky white..." Can I help you? What's happening, Larissa? I don't know, Grandma. I'm Detective Gaines. This is my partner, Detective Wesley. You can't just barge in here. You could've given my grandma another stroke. Apologies, but we're looking for Dr. Mary Harris. We have reason to believe she's here. No, Mary lent me her car to visit my grandmother. She hardly ever comes to visit. I have to wait forever between chapters. Yeah, because I don't have a car, Grandma; I told you that. Okay, do you know where Mary is right now? No, I barely even know her. I mean, I, like, try to be friends with her, but she's aloof, like a cat. That's why it was weird that she lent me her car, but, you know, people can surprise you. So can cats. So you have no idea where she is? She left with my boyfriend Des this morning. But I don't know where they went. [light music] Are they in some kind of trouble? Hi. We started early. I hope you don't mind. Not at all, no. Day drinking is a highly respected pastime where I come from. [laughs] How are you feeling, Irene? I woke up this morning feeling incredibly peaceful. Said she hasn't felt this way since our wedding day. Is that a compliment? [laughs] People always talk about jitters, but I never had any of that. On my wedding day, I felt absolutely certain we were making the right decision. To spend our lives together. [light somber music] Mm. ♪ ♪ You look beautiful, Irene. Well, you never know who you're going to see on the other side. [chuckles] I know what I want my last words to be. Are you ready? We are. [camera beeps] There is beauty in the inevitable. [bluesy rock music] ♪ ♪ Mary Kills People 01x03 
Wave the White Flag 
Original Air Date February 8, 2017 This car smells like cherries. Can we keep it? No, honey. It's a rental. Hi, Dr. Harris. Hi, Naomi. My mom just wanted to say thank you for letting me stay over this weekend. No problem. Sweet ride. It's a rental. So what are they doing? Are they going on a trip or something? Oh, no. My mom's just, like, obsessed with design shows, so she's helping Kevin... We got to go get educated. Have a nice day. My mom is such a liar, okay? We're skipping school. Wait. I wrote a poem. Can I read it? Yeah, let's hear it. "The spark turned cold, a darkness bright. "You had no voice, we had no choice. A ghost in my heart." It's about Casper. Do you like it? Cambie, it's really good. Thanks. [laughs] [ominous music] ♪ ♪ I'll see you after school, okay? Okay. Have a nice day. ♪ ♪ [line trilling] [phone chiming] Hello? Hi, Ben. It's Mary. I need to talk to you. But not here. [seagulls squawking] You look well. You know, I've had about all the games I can take for one morning, Mary, so what do you want? I need your advice. Everywhere I go lately, I feel like I'm being watched. So I've thinking, maybe I have a stalker. Maybe he's dangerous. Should I file a police report? Yeah, you should. I can have officers at your home, at the hospital. Anywhere you go, the cops will be right there. Why can't you just accept that you were wrong about me, that I'm just a doctor who sometimes volunteers with the terminally ill and that you're just a cop with a bad lead? And we just ride off into the sunset. Or maybe get a drink? A week ago, you were ready to give me some kind of eternal cocktail. If you hadn't figured out I was a cop, you'd be in jail right now. Or maybe I'd be talking to my lawyer about how the cop who was supposed to be investigating me had s*x with me instead. I can live with that.I  can. But can you live with what you've done? I haven't done anything. My only crime was to feel sorry for a desperate, dying man. Do you feel sorry for all of your patients, Mary, or was I special? [scoffs] You were the one that got away. What messed you up, Mary? What? What messed you up? You think you're above the law. You're risking your life, your daughter's life. What messed you up? You deceive people for a living. Ben... is that still your name? You do what you want, but I think it's in your best interest if this case goes away. [sighs] [sighs] I was awake all night  worrying about Irene, about everything. It was perfect. No cops this time? Would I be handing you this envelope if there were? I told you, the cops don't have anything on us, and I know how to stay ahead of them. But, Annie, I don't want you lying awake all night. If you can't do this anymore, I get it. Morgan Lewis. Cystic fibrosis. 33. He's young. Well, I've been treating him for years. He was in here last week. He said that he feels like he's drowning in slow motion. He's ready. You know I started carrying my passport around? Just in case. Where would you go? China, I guess. The devil you know, right? Are we crazy? Yep. [sighs] We need a new plan. She'll slip up. They always do. No, man, she's different. She's smart. She's careful. She knows what to say, what not to say, the whole counseling cover story. Yeah, you're right. There's no way that Joel was her only patient after Ethan. No, no way. There's got to be more. I have an idea. Let's run through our sudden-death reports, see if any connect back to Eden General. Okay. I still don't understand how you got this. [groans] You said you work with kids, but then you hardly ever leave the apartment, except with Mary. And then the shoulder, the cops... if we're gonna be in a relationship, I think you should be honest with me. Okay. Okay, listen, truth is, I don't wor with kids. Mary and I are end-of-life counselors. We... we help people who are dying. We talk to them, show them their options. Dark. Yeah. Yeah, it is, sure, but that's why I didn't tell you about it in the first place. But you know what? Now that we're talking about it, we're thinking about opening up our own practice, a haven for the hopeless, if you will. That is so great, Des. It's like with my grandma, you know? Sometimes all she wants is some company. Mm-hmm. Sharing is so hot. Yes, it is. [siren wailing] What do we have? Sid Thomas-Haye, gunshot wound to the upper thigh. Looks like a through-and-through injury. Vitals are stable. Start an IV. Run normal saline. Officers. This patient's in our custody. Yeah, I got that. What happened? Caught him in a shoot-out in South Warren. Had some drugs on him, so he's looking at five years. Look, I get you have a job to do, but can you give us a bit of space? All right, sorry. [groaning] Relax your eyes. I know you. Let's get a mask on him. I know you. Put your head down. Breathe deeply. Okay, get an X-ray to make sure there's no bone damage, 5 milligrams of morphine, and draw blood work. Got it. Dr. Harris to ICU. Dr. Harris to ICU. What about the risks? Well, sure, it's another operation, so there's always a possibility of complications. Organ damage, stroke, death. Someone's been Googling? Matt, you just have to have faith that Dr. Taylor's gonna bring you through this. Right, Doctor? Hi, Sonia. Matt. Matt's gonna have his surgery tomorrow. For one second can we talk about a complication and I end up in a coma or... or breathing through a tube or something. I don't want that. Well, that's very, very unlikely. But it's possible, right? Yes, it is possible. And it's normal to be playing out worst-case scenarios in times like this. But I assure you you've got the best doctor in the city. You're in great hands. [machine beeping] [breathing rapidly] Oh, my goodness. Matt. What's going on? Matt? Matt. The wound in the heart has reopened. Let's get him to the O.R. Stay with me. We are gonna take Matt down to surgery right now. Matt. Let's go. Let's go. Find out what O.R. is open. Don't you worry. We're gonna take good care of him. Let's go. Let's move it. [tense music] These are depressing the sh1t out of me. Yeah, it's like some morbid game of "Where's Waldo?" There are a lot of suicides. Yeah, this woman starved herself to death. 53, severe stroke, paralyzed, except for one hand, which she used to pull the feeding tube out every time her care worker put it in. Care worker's only doing her job, man. Yeah, I know, but, I mean, I'm just saying, you know, who has the right to decide when it's your time to go? Certainly not Mary. Yeah. Troy Dixon. Why do I know that name? Gimme, gimme, gimme. Okay, watch your back. We're coming through. Thank God. He's been whining for a doctor for a half hour. Busy day. How soon do you think he can be discharged? Probably tomorrow morning. If we can keep him alive until then. We have to. Then we get him tied to his shooter, and we're golden. Doc, I got a bad feeling in my chest, and my heart is beating really fast. Mm-kay, let me listen. That feeling in your chest, it's anxiety, pretty common after something like this. Maybe you should do some more tests. We already have. Your X-rays show no bullet fragments or bone damage. I think maybe I should stay here. You're fine. You'll be able to limp out of here tomorrow. Great. You ever see a dead man walking? [tense music] Try to get some rest, okay? You've been through a lot. Hey, I figured it out. You came by Grady's place last week. You bought a sh1t ton of barbs. Mouse ears. No, that wasn't me. Troy Dixon, the football player? Yeah, I remember him. We don't often get celebrities. Pancreatic cancer. It's an ugly disease, a real dog. Yeah, I'm sure. Look, it says in your coroner's report that he had bloodshot eyes. Yeah, you often see blood around the irises when a patient's struggling to breath. Okay, but that can also be a sign of overdose, right? What are you implying, Detective? Well, I'm... I'm just saying I can see why someone in Troy's case may want to check out a little early. And I'm trying to rule out whether he had a little help or not. Hmm, well, that's my job, and I did rule it out. Troy Dixon was in the late stages of a terminal disease. His wife confirmed that his breathing had been labored that day, and I concluded it was natural causes. And you're absolutely sure? We have a saying in my line of work. "If you hear hoofbeats, think horse, not zebra." [ominous music] Relax. I told them I was your brother. I don't have a brother. Couldn't tell them I was here to see Sid, not with all these police around. You know, I never should have sent him into South Warren. I saw this opportunity to expand my business, and I thought he could handle it. This is my fault. He's gonna be okay. We're just waiting on a few more tests. I need you to be straight with me, Mary. But I don't give a sh1t about this patient-doctor confidentiality. You tell me the truth. Really, he's gonna be fine. All right. Thank you. Thank you. I'm just doing my job. You know, the police think they're heroes going after a guy like Sid. But they don't want to do anything about the beast that's inside the addict demanding to be fed. They just want to pull away the plate. I really have to get back to work now. Mm. I need you to get Sid out. Either the guy that runs South Warren is gonna finish the job, or the police are gonna lock him up. And this is on me, and I need to protect him. That's not my problem. Mm... I think you're gonna do what I'm asking you, Mary. I'm not helping you. [tense music] 
 
 Grady was in my hospital. Okay, I turned around, and he was right there. I can't just ignore him. Yes, you can. You have to. He has sh1t on us, on me. We don't know if he's gonna use it to get what he wants. Grady can't expose you without exposing himself. He won't risk it. We need a new supplier. Great idea. I'll put an ad in the paper. Des, I'm serious. I don't need another reason to be looking over my shoulder right now. Okay, look, we have enough pento to get through the next few jobs, right? I'll look for a more affable drug dealer, but in the meantime, you stay away from Grady, okay? Then we can finally focus on what matters. Morgan Lewis. Cystic fibrosis. [phone rings] You know, Carly, I saw your husband play football in college. He had a 75-yard once. I was at that game. He almost set a record. Oh, he had a real gift. So what is this about? Well, Troy was treated at Eden General, correct? He ever talk to you about any of his doctors or nurses? I mean, the staff loved him. He took pictures, signed autographs. But when it got really bad, he just wanted to go home. He didn't want people to remember him like that. His medical record said he had about six months, maybe even a year. Didn't find it a little strange that he died only after two months? Only two months? Try two years. That's how long he spent fighting. I understand that Troy was alone when he died. He thought I needed a break. And he seemed fine. Well, you told the coroner that his breathing had been labored all day. What is this really about? Well, we're just trying to clarify the circumstances of your husband's death. Troy had cancer. He died. Seems pretty clear to me. I'd like to go now. Well, there are other ways to get information on Troy. She's hiding something. Damn straight. She was probably sitting right there when it happened. If she helped, it will mess up that life insurance check. Yeah, exactly. Dr. Harris. Oh, Sonia, hi. How are you doing? Are you okay? He was... he was buying me a bike off Craigslist, you know? That's why he was getting out cash. That's why... I mean, 'cause I wanted a stupid vintage bike. It's not your fault. He's on life support. But Dr. Taylor says there are more surgeries that can be done. He needs my consent. I know what... what Matt said before the surgery. But I think he was really scared, and... and he had lost his faith. And I couldn't live with myself if I made a decision based one something he said in a moment of fear. Well, what should I do? It's not for me to decide. But you're a doctor. You deal with this stuff every day. How... how do you decide when to keep going or when to stop? You know, a patient said to me once, "There's beauty in the inevitable." She was facing death, and she had accepted that she had come to the end. And there was more that I could have done for her as a doctor, but it wasn't my place to question her decision. It's like Ecclesiastes 3:11. Oh, I don't know that one. "He has made everything beautiful in its time." God has a plan. And it's not our place to question it. We just have to trust in His wisdom. Then there's your answer. [upbeat music] I've been obsessing about it all week. I don't know.I  mean, it makes sense, Yeah. These eggs are gross. And she lied for you, which is crazy. I... I don't know what I should do, like... Don't do anything, okay? The best thing to do when your mom's a drug dealer is to just pretend it's not happening. Yeah, but it's dangerous if she... Jess, you can't tell anyone, okay? It would ruin your life, and mine. [clears throat] Yeah. So... any idea how we're going to pay for this? Uh... thought you had money. I lied. It's okay. We can just dine and dash. You're insane. No. Naomi. Naomi. No, no, no, no. Come on. What are you doing? [giggling] Ladies, you forget to settle up? Oh, no, we left the money on the counter. Hey, hey, stop. Hey, you two, stop. Stop. What seems to be the problem? This doesn't concern you, sir. Well, these are my nieces, so yes, I think it concerns me. These girls left without paying. Oh. Girls, I told you to wait inside for me. You know, these girls are... They're home-schooled, so things fall between the cracks. So what... what do you need, 20, 30 bucks? 40. You girls ate a lot? Make sure the waiter gets tipped. Oh, my God. Thank you. Yeah, thanks. Who are you? Why... why did you do that? Mm, well, maybe I'm a good Samaritan. I was sure she'd pick Chad, but she chose Brandon. No matter how many times you tell me, it'll never matter. But it's the final rose. [phone chimes] Hello. Hi, Mary. Check your messages. How did you get this number? [phone dings] [tense music] [gasps] It's your lucky day. We're moving you to a private room. Why? What's going on? He doesn't need immediate attention, and we need the bed, so we're sending him to ICU. They know he's coming. [tense music] Excuse me, we're gonna need to ride with him. No more room. Take the next one. Room 141. ♪ ♪ [intercom beeps] Chris Daniels, call 156. Chris Daniels, 156. Room 141. Just before the chairs on your right. ♪ ♪ Okay, stand down. I'm still alive. You mind shutting the door on the way out? I'm gonna take a little nap. I'm not sure I want to hear about Hull's date last night. You jealous? Guaranteed I get more women than both of you. [tense music] Sid, come on. Put this on. What? Oh, relax. She's probably playing hard to get. Mm, probably. So what do you think a good follow-up emoji is? Oh, do that one. This one. No, I'm not doing that. That's just... no. Yeah, do it. Do it. What am I in grade six? That one. This one? Definitely. This? ♪ ♪ I'll take him from here. I thought I was doing this. I need to end this. Open the door. I think I should put you on the payroll, Dr. Harris. Okay, we're done. And if you ever go near my family again, I'm calling the cops. Oh, come on, Mary. Us criminals have to stick together. Drive. [tires squealing] ♪ ♪ I have to go now. [door lock clicks] Stay. Thanks for this, man. I owe you one. What were you doing in South Warren, Sid? I was meeting a new client... A potential new client. What did you think was gonna happen, that you could just steal my product and walk into South Warren, and they're gonna welcome you with open arms? This really doesn't concern me. I work hard to stay clean. I run my business.I  pay my taxes. And now you're in the system again. And see, I can do that math, Sid. Two drugs convictions plus a weapons charge. That equals you making a deal with the police. Come on, Grady. Look, I know I've done some stupid sh1t, all right? But I would never do that. I'll do the time. You drop me to the police station right now. It's too late. You can go.[ door lock clicks] Take care of that leg, okay? Fresh bandages every day. Keep it elevated to reduce the swelling. [tense music] [gunshot] [gasps] ♪ You get what you get ♪ 
♪ And don't expect a thing ♪ 
♪ You get what you get ♪ 
♪ So don't expect sh1t♪ We have a coroner's letter to release all the documents pertaining to Troy Dixon, nurses, doctors, anyone who might have come into contact with him while he was here. What is this regarding? It's regarding an ongoing investigation. We can't get into details right now. All right, stay here. I'm gonna make a phone call. Excuse me. I have to go. Wait a minute. Wait, wait, wait, wait. I can't... I can't do this right now. What's wrong? Nothing. I... I... I just have to get home to my kids right now. Okay, okay, okay, just wait. Okay, look, just let me give you my number, okay? This is my personal cell. If you need anything.... If you need anything at all, you just call, all right? ♪ You get what you get ♪ 
♪ So don't expect a thing ♪ 
♪ I'm gone ♪ That's... that's pretty. Did you get it? Yeah. Let me see. Here. Oh, I'm Instagramming the sh1t out of that. Look at this one. All right. Your turn now, darlin'. No. Go, be a model. No, no, no.I  can't do that. Look. Lookit. Stop it. Look at this one, though. Hey, Mom, look at this. So cute. Okay, change of plans.I  have to work this weekend. So go inside, pack your stuff. I'm taking you to your dad's. But you said we were gonna... Cambie, we don't have time for this; go inside. Jess, I need to talk to you. I think she's in trouble. I know you skipped school today. What? I don't know what you're talking about. Don't even try. Now, Jess, when you're at school, I know you're safe, and when you're not, I don't know that, so you can't do that, all right? You can't skip school. You're such a hypocrite. What's that supposed to mean? Well, do think what you're doing is really safe, Mom? Mary, hi. Hi. Is Kevin here? Kevin is at at The Home Depot. Is everything okay? Well, there's something going around the hospital, and we're short-staffed. I've been called in. Oh, okay. The girls are in the car. You have to work all weekend? Yeah. I know you two are working on the house, but... free labor, right? I'd be so grateful. Of course. No problem at all. Look, working mom.I  get it. Girls. Be happy to take them. Hey, Mom. Hey, sweetheart. Bye, Mary. I'm so sorry I snapped at you before, okay? It's okay. Like my lips? I love them. Go in. Thank you. Yeah, no problem. You know, I get it. When I was single, I know, it was super hard. Yeah, it's really hard. Ah, ah, ah, I thought you quit. I did. Took it up again, because... let's see. Grady's using my daughter to blackmail me. The cops are all over the hospital. I lost my burner phone, and oh, yeah, Sid's dead. What... what happened? See, that's exactly what I've been trying to figure out, how I ended up risking my job and my life and my kid to help a psycho drug dealer murder someone right in front of me. And the only thing I could think of is you. Wait, you're blaming me for this? I wouldn't even know Grady if it weren't for you. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. You know Grady, because you wanted to start this business. You brought me into this, remember? I brought you in because you lost your medical license, and I was trying to help you feel like a doctor again. Oh, no, bullshit. This was never about me. This was your crusade. Because I wanted to help people, give them a good death. And to work out that sh1t about your mom, mm? Your complex with the law. Come on, admit it. You get off on getting away with it, don't you? I care about people. That's why I became a doctor, a real doctor. [laughs] Easy, easy. Okay, Mary, yeah, you're the real doctor. You just care about people. Everything's my fault. Even though I'm the one that told you to stay away from Grady. And I told you he came after my kid. I didn't have a choice. I don't know. I feel like you chose all of it. [tense music] [car door shutting] [engine turning over] [breathing deeply] [engine revving] Thanks for coming. Yeah. I was worried about you. I saved some for you. What's with the motel? I don't know. I guess I needed to get away from it all. Things got complicated for you, huh? "Life is a ride in the dark." That's what my mom used to say. Why were you at the hospital? I was working. Why were you so upset? I lost a patient. Do you want to talk about it? No. [Charlotte Cardin's "Like It Doesn't Hurt"] ♪ You know I act like it doesn't hurt ♪ Do you think that we could ever truly be honest with each other? ♪ You know the fact ♪ No. ♪ You know the fact ♪ That was honest. ♪ You drag me in your dirt, oh ♪ Why did you ask me here, Mary? I didn't want to be alone. ♪ I've been around ♪ Why did you come? ♪ Your body upside down ♪ 
♪ I've been around ♪ 
♪ Your body upside down ♪ 
♪ But I can't touch you ♪ 
♪ I know you are ♪ 
♪ I know you are ♪ 
♪ So lovely it's absurd ♪ 
♪ 'Cause it doesn't hurt ♪ Watch a new episode of Mary Kills People, next Wednesday on Global. I don't think I've met anyone like you in my life Mary. This perfect little doctor with a nice house and a pretty little daughter. And you are right there on the edge. Yeah I am. Your client is the primary suspect in a murder investigation. You need to stop. I don't want to stop. I think there's something wrong with me. Mary Harris, she was investigated for the murder of her mother. No, her mother died of cancer. She is manipulating you. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 