Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x10 - Family Jewels - Private Eyes 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x10 - Family Jewels https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=645&t=28141 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 07/29/16 10:33 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x10 - Family Jewels 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 ♪ 
 White shirt? 
 You know it! White shirt is a classic. You can never go wrong. Then I like these. Of course you do. You gave me these. Yeah, because I'm a classic. You've got that right, kiddo. Well, somebody's bringing out the handsome. Hot date? Actually, Angie needs a wedding date backup. What's up? Oh, I just wanted to chat with you about something, but it can keep. You sure? Yep. So how'd they look? That joke never gets old? Never gets old. Neither does this one: take it up top! Ha, you're funny. (chuckling) ♪ Darling, you send me ♪ 
♪ I know you ♪ 
♪ Send me ♪ 
♪ Darling, you send me ♪ 
♪ Honest you do Honest you do ♪ Nice suit. This suit's a six. But that dress? That's a ten. Aren't they adorable? You wanna cause a ruckus? Go out there and join them? You've heard me sing. I'm that good of a dancer. I guess we should hit the open bar. ♪ At first, I thought it was infatuation ♪ Cousin Kristy married well. Even the rail booze is premium. Good to hear. Is that your mother? Oh, yeah. She's been working up the nerve to come say hi, but I like her better scared. I know she stood you up for coffee, but that was three months ago. Maybe it's time you cut her a little slack. Matthew, so nice to see you again. Angie. Ms. Everett, you look lovely, as always. I hope you don't mind, but I noticed your zipper is a little undone. Oh, heavens. You are a doll to tell me that. Not everyone would do that. Come on, beautiful ladies. A little smile. I'll make sure to get you a copy. The ceremony was lovely. Yep. Angie, I know you're angry and you have every right to be, but I have been looking forward to this day for a very long time. Kristy's glad you're here. Can we get that drink now? I have something for you. A present! Is it my childhood back? OK, fair comment. But no, it's something else. Share in a racehorse? Comp night at the casino? Wait, maybe a bag full of nickels? I knew you'd be angry, but I didn't think you'd be so cruel. (distant clapping) Not a word. Sorry, I shouldn't have dragged you into this. I think this could be an opportunity for you and Nora. You just have to decide to take it. Angie! Did you see our first dance as a married couple? Oh, my God, we were amazing. I didn't trip once. Matt Shade, my cousin Kristy Greene, the world's most beautiful bride. And my husband, Robert Garvey, the Garviest of the Garveys. Yum. Pleasure to meet you, Shadow. Thank you. You too. Didn't you have a different date earlier... Derek Nolan? He had a work thing come up. Nolan seemed a little... Uptight? Judgey? The opposite of fun? Oh, I get it. This one is the closer. I like him. Angie, you have to come upstairs with me. I can't go to the bathroom by myself. Key, please! We'll be back. (squealing and giggling) Drinks? Yes, please. Yeah. Wow, look at this place. All I can say is... after party! I'm already on it and you're not invited. Ha ha ha. Whoa! You got pictures already? Isn't that sweet? Bryan brought a photo printer with him and gave us our first photo as an old married couple before we sat down to eat! What a thoughtful photographer. Good work, Bryan. Oh! And Sherry got me a touch-up kit, which I'm sure I need almost as much as I need to hit the can. Need some help in there? No, I'm good. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, no! Kristy, what? The tiara. Angie, what am I going to do? It's been stolen. ♪ I see you and you see me ♪ 
♪ Watch you blowin' the lines when you're making a scene ♪ 
♪ Oh boy, you've got to know ♪ 
♪ What my head overlooks ♪ 
♪ The senses will show to my heart ♪ 
♪ When it's watching for lies ♪ 
♪ 'Cause you can't escape my ♪ 
♪ Private Eyes ♪ 
♪ They're watching you ♪ 
♪ Private Eyes ♪ 
♪ They're watching you, watching you, watching you ♪ 
♪ Watching you ♪ I took the veil off here and I put the tiara in the safe. I know I locked it. Oh, Angie. It's worth $50 000, at least. It's OK. We'll call the hotel, we'll call the cops... No! You don't understand. This is my fault, somehow. I know it will be. Angie, people like us don't marry people like the Garveys, and now I've lost their family heirloom? (Kristy sighing) You have to help me recover it. Come on, Kristy. You're guests. No one will even know they're being questioned. You could run downstairs and find the thief before it's too late. Unless it's hotel staff or... Oh, my God, what if it's a guest? Who else knew the code to the safe? Just me. Alright. What about room keys? Robert kept the key in his tux jacket and Ezra, our wedding planner, he has the other one. Hotel staff had access. Alright, listen. This is your wedding day, OK? So we'll take care of this. You need to go downstairs and enjoy being a bride. Is this your play-by-play? That's my diary of the whole wedding. It was Ezra's idea. I think Ezra should fill in the blanks. Wish me luck. I'll check the hotel staff situation. Be discreet! And you, you need to get back to your wedding. It's gonna be OK. OK. You're whom again? I'm the bride's cousin's date. And trust me, Ezra, this is close to the last thing I want to be doing. I've got a cake-cutting in 20 minutes, and I'm supposed to slow down to help you fill out this diary? Kristy wants a record of everyone who helped, and I'm telling you, no cake is getting cut until I get this done. Well, bride's cousin's date, you're definitely emasculated. Don't worry, you wear it well. What do you want to know? Kristy wants to know how many people have been in and out of the suite. What was delivered and when, and who was there. Between 1:20 and now, I've been up there non-stop. Florist, champagne, ice, pastry and chocolate delivery. Sunflower petals on the bed and then I lit the candles around the tub. And then my photographer Bryan showed up and he already had a beautiful picture in a frame, so we set it up, after some debate. And then I was busy arranging 16 other things before the first dance, do you want to know about those too? So you were in there... six times. No, seven. All that and math too. Your girl must be so proud. And who were you in there with? You don't need to know the names of the courier pigeons for the bridal diary. What's going on? You know what? It's OK. I'm sure I have enough. You didn't loan your key card to anyone, did you? What... happened? Ezra, buddy... I'm going up there! Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Two bottles of champagne walked out of the room. No! You can't say anything. Poor Kristy. Poor Robert. Are they all right? Yeah. Curse this hotel! I have a cake cutting in 15 minutes. (whispering): Right. (distant music playing) That's dangerous, you know. Walking while texting. You should really slow down, be more careful. And who should I be careful for? I know Angie was rough... No, don't worry about it. She's right. I'm a failure, I'm a disappointment. I need to learn to embrace it. She's hurt. But I still think you two can patch things up. Of course you do, honey. But I haven't disappointed you yet. Would you like me to start? Why don't you stop by the office in a few days? Bring that present you mentioned. Too late now. Lovely to see you, Matthew. I gotta go. Hot date? The hottest. So housekeeping was only on the second floor today? They sweep the property one floor at a time. We try to stay clear of the bridal suite. There's enough traffic already. And room service? Nothing past the first floor. I have the number of key entries. Great. Thank you. (cell ringing) The room was accessed 10 times between when the tiara went into the safe and when we found it was missing. So Ezra was seven. [Yeah, and Kristy was twice, ] which leaves one entry unaccounted for. But it's not just who and how many. The safe wasn't broken into. Someone must have seen her punch in the code. The way the safe is situated, that would be impossible. [You know, this reminds me of this time I was in Helsinki.] Man, those Finns love to drink. I mean, they really love it... And? So this one night, I get hammered. Well, we all did. And when I get back to my room, my underwear are locked in my safe. Now that I think about it, I'm not sure why. I couldn't remember my code. Shade! So I call engineering. This guy comes up, nice guy, Sacramento fan... He did a reset. And he had access to every room. Let me see if I can find that guy at this hotel. Hey! Are you the maintenance engineer? I'm having a problem with the safe in my room. Yeah, sorry. My shift ended five minutes ago. Come on, man. It'll just take a couple of minutes. I'm sure you got everything you need in that bag right there. Hey! What are you doing? This is heavy. What do you got in here? Nothing! Chicken breasts? I can't help it. Tonight's caterer is amazing. Please don't tell anyone? I found the hotel super. He's not our guy. He had bigger poultry to fry. Don't ask. So we're back to the wedding guests. There's only 100 of them. Oh, come on, Everett. No guests were in the suite. No hotel workers were in the suite. It was Kristy, Robert, Ezra and a bunch of wedding vendors. The vendors know every in and out of the wedding. And a lot of them were in and out of Kristy's suite. We need to look at everyone that worked this wedding, who entered the room... Do background checks, figure out if any of them came back without Ezra. Thing is, I'm not sure we can question him or anyone else without sounding the alarm. Maybe there is a way. Everett. Will you make me the happiest man alive, so we can interview people who can help us plan our big day? I thought you'd never ask. (laughing) (clapping and cheering) Oh, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. We've ruled out the hotel staff. Aside from Robert and your mom, none of the guests were in here. So that means that the wedding vendors are our best suspects. I can't bear it, Angie. I don't want it to be any of them. They were all part of my day, which was really special. Most of the time. Hey, Angie. Nice surprise. Robert! I thought you were at the gym. Mom just texted me. They decided to leave a day early, so she asked me to get the tiara. Can we keep it a couple days? She wants it now. That makes more sense, given we're leaving on our honeymoon on Sunday. What did you use as the combo? It's gone. Someone stole it. OK... Usually your jokes are funnier, babe. Kristy asked me to look into it. Somebody stole it on our wedding day, and you didn't tell me? Bobby, I just... I know how much it means to your family. We're not supposed to keep secrets from each other. We just promised that in front of everyone. Bobby, please. I just wanted to make it right. I know we can. (Angie):  Alright, hand it over. (Jules): Here you go. Hey! You having fun? This is work, and I always have fun when I'm working. Impressive. Didn't know you had such a thing for purple. I don't have a thing for purple. Getting-married-Angie has a thing for purple. That's some serious bling. "Great-aunt Lulu's" sapphire necklace. The perfect bait for our thief that she's going to loan us for the wedding. Who's getting married? It's for a case. Dad and Angie are pretending they're engaged. We're totally pretending. Couldn't be more fake. I'm the best man! Bridesmaid! Where's the ring? If you're engaged, you have a ring. Oh, crap. Amateurs. Wait there. So are you gone for the whole day? Just a couple hours, honey. Bit of a ticking clock on this one. Listen. I know I've been pretty busy lately, so what do you say after this case we take a road trip? Maybe go to Niagara Falls? Go to the waterpark, the butterfly conservatory... Yeah, that sounds fun. You're not too cool to go to the waterpark with your old man? Dad, I will never be that cool. Swear. Here you go. Wow. Six karats. That's a lot of ice time. Thank you, Becca. It's the least I can do. Matt's been steadier than I've ever seen him, more grounded. I think that working for you has had a lot to do with that, so thank you. OK, we gotta go. See? I'm nice. I'm helpful. Remember that. Yeah... Yeah, for real, we've got to go. We've got wedding vendors stacked deeper than planes over O'Hare. I hope this works. When Robert found out that the tiara was missing, Kristy said he wouldn't speak to her for three hours. It's gonna work. We've got a plan. Let's review. OK. Learn the routine. Confirm access. Tell them the date. Tempt them with the jewels. So nice to meet you guys. Gary, we really want to get this right, so if it's alright with you, we've got a lot of questions. You bet, but before we start, I like to get a feel for who you guys are. First dance? Summer Wind. Ring of Fire. We can try a mash-up. I'd like to understand how much time we'll be spending together on the big day, Sherry. Oh, typically, three hours. I know it seems excessive. I basically put on foundation and mascara and you really don't need the help. Unless you want to look like a Klingon. I can do that too. I blow you out two hours before the ceremony and if you want a new look for the reception, I can stick around. You, I wouldn't change a thing. Well, bride's cousin's date. You didn't mention your upcoming nuptials when you were grilling me about Kristy's diary yesterday. She said she couldn't have done it without you. Obviously. Trust me, by the end of this you're going to feel like you're marrying me, because I am in your pocket. Especially yours. So when my beautiful fiancée is getting ready in the bridal suite, you'll be in there with her, Gary? Yeah, I like to go over the set list one more time. A lot of brides do enjoy a special prayer alone with me. I usually sleep in the bridal suite. I mean, vendors are arriving at all hours. And what if I want you to stick around? Oh, well, that's extra. But I do leave these cute little kits so you can do your own touch-ups, though I probably shouldn't because then you'll realize you don't really need me anyway. Let's get your vibe. My vibe? You want good pictures... You want the best pictures, then our relationship starts right away. I want to see you. I want to see the real you, so... show me. Like this, Bryan? (sighing) What? What is it? The real you needs work. What's your availability one month from now? Impossible. A... a month? You guys know my band's pretty popular, right? Darlings, good luck. Try six months from now. I mean... Look at her vision board. We are ready. Sapphires. So pretty. I'm sure I can make it work. I love celebrity weddings. And you must have people that you like to work with? I mean, if you want A-list, Bryan Pratt is an artist. Sherry Gibbs is insanely talented. Oh, Gary Barrett. He's an incredible musician. I only ever hear the rehearsals, but so fun! Come on, guys. You're wasting my time. I need you to show me how you feel as a couple. Look at each other. Show me what you feel. Because if I can't feel it, then the camera won't see it. ♪ (Angie clearing throat) Now I see it. Sherry really reacted to the sapphires, but she left the wedding hours before Kristy put the tiara into the safe and I never saw her again, so I'd consider her a no. Mycroft didn't jump at the bait, or Maddie the Minister. Gary and Bryan were both yeses after they saw Aunt Lulu's necklace, and God knows Bryan was in the bridal suite at Kristy's wedding. If I had to choose one person... You kissed me. Yes. And you kissed me back, and that was good, because Bryan was suspicious and now he isn't. He's one of our best suspects. So that was all about fooling Bryan? Yeah. I mean, he wasn't convinced, now he is. We did it for Kristy. Yes, we did it for Kristy. Do you like anyone else? As a suspect? Of course. Ezra had the most access. And he became available once he saw the sapphires. Ezra, Bryan, Gary. We've made some really good progress. You know, when Becca and I got married, she did all this. This was actually enjoyable. Really? I thought it was incredibly stressful. (cell ringing) Oh! Hey, I was just going to call you. Why do you sound so serious? Nolan. Oh, OK. On my way. Nolan said the groom's parents called in the theft to the police. He wants me to go down to the station. Why? No idea. But I'm going to find out. (rattling) Oh, hey, hey, hey! Let me help you with that. No, no, I'm OK. I'm a strong and independent woman. I know you are. So tonight's the night, huh? Yeah! The condo is ready and so am I. You've been a doll, Matt. I hope you understand how much this has really meant to me. It was a pleasure having you. OK, so... I just need a couple of days to get organized and then I'll pop by and pick her up on Monday? Are you OK to pack up her stuff? I thought that would be a nice moment for you, to figure out what Jules wants to keep here for every other weekend. Um, what do you mean every other weekend? We agreed that the custody arrangement would resume when I got back. Yeah, but everything has changed. I'm not on the road. Jules and I have a real relationship now. I can't go back to being a weekend dad. We agreed. Uh, Becks. Jules is 14. This feels like the kind of thing we should ask her about. Yeah, you would say that. You afraid of being alone? No. Jules loves you. That's not going to change if she spends half her time here. Plus, it may be good for you. A little time on your own to do your own thing. My daughter is my thing. A 14-year-old girl needs her mother, Matt. You just don't understand that. (door shutting) Matt. Are you OK? (door opening) Oh, and can you be the one to tell Jules? Otherwise I'm the bad guy. ♪ 
 
 Hey, what's going on? If you guys are looking for suspects, Shade and I have it narrowed down to a few. Ang. This isn't my case and Maz wishes it wasn't his. (buzzing) We've got 10 minutes. Start talking. That Kurtis has turned into quite the looker, hasn't he? Clark Gable with a dash of Seth Rogen. Or vice versa. Did you even think about Kristy when you stole that tiara? I didn't take anything. You were seen exiting the bridal suite. Darling, you know how I feel about public washrooms. No. No, I actually don't. How'd you get in? Robert loaned me the key. Without knowing. You stole his key card to use the john, is that the story? Give me a break, Mom. Robert's father is a bigwig financial guy. He knows the Crown Attorney personally. They're going to charge you with theft. You really believe that I would steal the tiara from my own niece? The police found 10 grand on you that you won't explain. So yes. I do believe it. And you know why. Just tell them where they can find the tiara. Maybe they'll go easy on you if you cooperate. Hey. First of all, thanks for the text. Second, seriously? You arrested Angie's mom? They're talking. Regrettably, it's not really looking good. Why was Nora even a suspect? The hotel's CCTV set-up was archaic, but the camera in the elevator worked just fine. That's her getting off on the third floor. 20 minutes later, a guest saw her coming out of the bridal suite. And there's the matter of the 10 grand in her purse. That doesn't prove anything. It kinda does, if you know her. What do you mean? I remember one time going over to Angie's after school and the stereo was gone. It wasn't even the first time Nora sold something to stake a bet. But it was the first time I really saw what it did to Angie. You are the only suspect. There's a witness. Then there's this money that you won't explain. It's always about the evidence with you. Never what's in your heart. You don't want to know what's in my heart. Oh, Angie. Fine, I did it. Let them throw the book at me. At least then I'll be out of your life. Will that make you happy? You know what? I'm sick of this. All of it. First time we've sat face to face in years, and it's already a waste of time. (buzzing) I'm done. Hey, Ang... Lock her up, don't... I don't care. She's all yours. That went well. Do you mind if I talk to Nora? Oh, you're family now? No, I'm not. That's why she might talk to me. (tapping) (sighing) How'd it go with your mom? I don't want to talk about her. I just can't. Fair enough. So how about you tell me what I can do for you? I hope you have an idea, because I am tapped out. I was thinking a few days away. You know, maybe a beach, blue skies. I hear St. Lucia's beautiful this time of year. I can't. I've got the agency. There's so much work. You see, that's why you took on a partner. Associate. Whatever, associate. There's got to be some advantage to that guy. So who was he? I beg your pardon? When I saw you at the wedding, your hair was a little wild, you were a little unzipped. I know that look. You were with a guy. I guess being a pro hockey player you'd have first-hand experience. Puck bunnies and out-of-city hotels go together like peanut butter and jelly. So? I've always liked the visual arts. You got busy with Bryan the photographer? I was celebrating. 90 days. No ponies, no cards, no slots. This was the gift you wanted to give Angie. I haven't gone five days without placing a bet since... well, I don't even know since when. And then I blew off that coffee date with my daughter to place a couple of bets at the track... Well, I knew... I knew it was time to make a change. I went to Gambler's Anonymous the next day. So the 10 grand in your purse? Yeah. She was so angry at the wedding, I... I know how to find a game. I found one. Rode a hot streak. Went from 300 bucks to 10 grand in two hours. So you and Bryan... who left the room first? Well, I'm a firm believer in "ladies first." But I wanted to powder my nose, and Bryan had to get back to work. Matt, I did not steal the tiara. I believe you, but unless we can figure out who did... Do me a favour. Give these to Angie? Something to tell her that... well, for a little while, anyway, I wasn't a total screw-up. Give them to her yourself. I'm getting you out of here. (buzzing) Hey, did you learn anything? Yeah, you got the wrong woman locked up. How's she explain the money? She won big at cards, but she doesn't want to rat out the guy who runs the game. Well, if she doesn't help herself, we can't help her. "We." Can you believe that? Homicide wants to help. His good luck runneth over. It's not luck. He asked Angie to go to St Lucia. She said yes. St. Lucia. Nice. Now, you want to help, keep Nora out of prison. Lose some paperwork. Hey. Hey. Get a glass, we're celebrating. The case is done. It was the Nora, in the bridal suite, with the diamond tiara. It's actually pronounced "Mom," and she didn't do it. Yeah? Then what was she doing in that room? It's actually more a question of who. (laughing): That's perfect. That's just perfect. She didn't want to tell you. She thought you'd be ashamed of her. I'm way past that now. So who was the lucky recipient of her bounty? Bryan Pratt. The photographer? Nice. Yeah. A May-December Bonnie and Clyde. You're looking at this all wrong. Your mom and Bryan alibi each other. So who's left? Ezra, Ezra, Ezra. Think about it. He was in and out of the room. He could have seen Kristy code the safe. And he leapt at the thought of planning our wedding, once he saw Aunt Lulu's sapphires. Good luck with that. Really. Let me know how it turns out. Look, I know you're upset. But Nora's family. And for better or worse, you don't give up on family. One day I came home from school. It was my 12th birthday and she was there, cooking mac and cheese. They were split up at the time, so that was weird, but I was so happy to see her. So we ate dinner together, both of us just acting like that was perfectly normal. Happy birthday, right? Then she gave me 20 bucks and said she had to go. I went down to my bedroom and I put it in my piggy bank and that's when I found out my bank was empty. She'd cleaned me out and given me my own 20 bucks back as a gift. You say, "Don't give up on family." My mom gave up on us a long time ago. Everett... I don't know why you're defending her. But so did my dad, right until the day he died. If you want to keep chasing down this case, you go right ahead, OK? Put on your big boy P.I. pants and go for it. Just leave me out of it. Oh, hey. Don't forget this. ♪ (camera shutter clicking) Something to sell, Ezra? Mr. Shade. You stole the tiara from Kristy. You ruined her wedding and maybe even her marriage. Let me explain. Why does everyone always say that? Let's just go retrieve the tiara, and then we're calling the cops. Mr. Shade, please. I'm here looking for the Garveys' tiara. This is the ninth pawnshop I've visited today. Yesterday the police questioned me about the theft. It was the first I'd heard of it. But sadly, it's not the first time this has happened on my watch. Hey, Kristy. I don't even know what to say. Just that my mom... I want to apologize to Robert's family. Um, can you just explain to them that... (sighing) that Nora's the one to blame here? Call me later, so I know you're alright. Please. (beep) (door opening) Matt? Oh, hey, Angie. Sorry for barging in here. Is Matt here? Uh, not since last night. Is everything OK? He didn't say anything? No. He wouldn't tell you. Uh... He got some bad news. And he has this habit of shutting it down, like it never happened. And then later... Well, later's not so good. What happened? Becca broke his heart. ♪ How did you... ? You were all about the Ezra, Ezra, Ezra last night. So I texted him. So you're back on the case? Your dad came to visit. He's worried about you. Yeah, my dad needs a hobby. He told me about Jules. How Becca wants full custody again. I don't want to talk about it. OK... Well, then, I will. 'Cause I know you love your daughter and you want to see her as much as possible. Becca wants me back at "every other weekend" status and she wants me to be the one to tell Jules. Then you might have to. I thought you were on my side. I think what Becca's doing is wrong, but you've seen what it looks like when a daughter hates her mother. You have to ask yourself if you really want to see that happen between Jules and Becca. You've been trying to save Nora when I wouldn't. I'm just suggesting you save Becca too. I know it's a stretch, but it turns out you're good at it. Maybe. You're out here chasing clues after I gave up. Oh, speaking of which. Ezra told me about another theft that happened at a wedding he was running. Same MO, different hotel. Then it couldn't have been Nora. Don't go down that road. You were trying to help your cousin. Yeah, and you were trying to help both of them. It's not too late for you to jump back on board. Are you sure? Yeah. Let's do this. Alright. According to Ezra, these are the vendors who worked both weddings where the thefts occurred. But Maddie and Mycroft weren't interested in our wedding, despite Aunt Lulu's sapphires. Gary was in the suite at least once, going over the set list with the bride. Bryan was Kristy's shadow. He was in and out of the suite taking photos, including when Kristy put the tiara in the safe. Not to mention he came back later for an f-stop. After that, we're looking at a window between 3:50 and 4:10 p.m. How would the thief know when it was safe to go in? The first dance. Everyone watches the first dance. It's the only time all day when everyone is guaranteed to be in one place. Kristy told me a lot of details about the wedding, but she didn't tell me their song, because they wanted it to be a surprise for everyone. But Gary knew. He could have used it as a signal to an accomplice. "All clear." When we interviewed Gary, the only person he recommended was Sherry and vice versa. Yeah, but you said it yourself. She was long gone by the time the reception started. But maybe she left behind a souvenir. A bit of foundation powder dusted on the keys of the safe. Then when Kristy touched the keys, it would show the numbers in her combination. How long would it take to crack a four-digit code? 4 times 3 times 2, so 24 possibilities. I'm guessing a lot less time than the first dance. Cute couple. Maybe Ezra knows where we can find them. ♪ 
♪ Darling, you send me ♪ 
♪ I know you send me ♪ You Send Me,  again? (girl): It's the first dance! (second girl): Oh, hurry! Come on, it's the first dance! ♪ Honest you do, honest you do ♪ This song usually lasts for three minutes. Ezra arranged for the concierge to give us a key. Wait! I'd like to handle this. It's family. Alright. I'll watch the crooner. ♪ You thrill me ♪ (muffled music) (beeping) (dinging) Yes! Neat little gadget you've got here. I've used them to break into the occasional hotel room myself. But the powder on the safe, that was impressive. You mess with my family, you mess with me. ♪ I know, I know, I know ♪ 
♪ You, you, you, you send me ♪ 
♪ I know you ♪ 
♪ Send me ♪ 
♪ I know you, you, you, you send me ♪ 
♪ Honest you do ♪ (clapping and whooping) Hey, Gary. Do you guys take requests? Sure, man. What'd you have in mind? Do you know anything by The Police? Let's not do anything to spoil their day, OK? ♪ I trust that you can get this to the Garvey from whence it came? I can! Thank you. Just doing my job. I'm sorry it took so long to get it. Angie, you and Shade were amazing. You have no need to apologize about it. But Robert and his parents... That's exactly the thing I screwed up. I hate that I lied. They got it! We got it! Muffin! (kissing sounds) Love triumphs again. It's like they always say: a tiara in a freezer bag heals all wounds. You've heard that, right? Where's your lesser half? He had some family business. Speaking of which, is she still here? Well, you know, since she's your family, I had no choice but to expedite her release papers. Thank you. 90 days. And then I blew it. If you did it once, Mom, you can do it again. I'm sure of it. Come on. Let's get you out of here. Hey, honey. Hi. Hey, um... You remember how we were talking about Niagara Falls? Yeah, did you book it? (Matt sighing) I was thinking, um... What if you took that trip with your mom? I don't know if you've noticed, but she's pretty nervous about this new job. Well, she seems more excited than nervous. That's 'cause she's a good mom. She doesn't want you to worry. But I can see right through her. I think she's gonna need some extra attention for the next little while. Well, she is. We're going 50-50 now, right? Maybe, instead of 50-50, we should go back to the old arrangement. So... So you want to go back to seeing me every other weekend? And sometimes not even? No, honey, that's not what I want. That's not what I want at all. Think about it. Your mom's condo has a pool and it's near the shopping mall. It's near your school... You'll love it there. I suppose you're not even going to miss me, right? Honey, I miss you already. You're not even gone yet. It's OK, Dad. I get it. Sometimes you have to make a sacrifice play. Can you hold on to this until I get back? Sure. What does it say? "Keep your head up and your heart strong." Yeah, I can do that. Me too. Come on. ♪ My mama said ♪ 
♪ My mama said ♪ 
♪ Ooh, let her go ♪ 
♪ Let her go ♪ Thought you were gone already. Nolan's picking me up. The flight doesn't leave for a couple of hours. Jules? She's going. For now. I think she figured it out while I was falling on my sword. She's a smart kid. Just like her old man. Are you telling me I did something right? Helped my cousin. Saved my mom. I think you're getting the hang of this thing. In fact... What are you doing? Matt Shade... Will you take this key to what used to be my dad's office and be my full-on, P.I. agency partner? With equity? Don't get ahead of yourself. Will you? I will. I do. I am. Whoa! You're not going to try to kiss me again, are you? You weren't that good. Really? Yeah. Never had any complaints before. Hey. Taxi's outside. Ready? I'll just get my bag! You're funny. Damn, girl. How many bikinis you got in there? Enough. ♪ I say goodbye ♪ 
♪ I cry ♪ Hey, you two try not to kill each other. It's not like I'm going with you. (chuckling) ♪ Time, you don't really fix a thing ♪ 
♪ Oh, no, no ♪ 
♪ Time, you don't really mend no hearts ♪ 
♪ You just got us convinced that you ♪ 
♪ You'll take care of it after ♪ 
♪ The hardest part ♪ 
♪ All you need is ♪ 
♪ Time, time, time, time ♪ 
♪ Time, time, time, time, time, time ♪ 
♪ Ooh, all you need is time ♪ 
♪ Time, give it time ♪ 
♪ All you need is time ♪ 
♪ Time, time, time, time, time, time ♪ 
♪ All you need is time ♪ 
♪ Time, give it time ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 