Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 03x04 - The Life of Riley - Private Eyes 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 03x04 - The Life of Riley https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=645&t=41124 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/25/20 11:00 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 03x04 - The Life of Riley 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 There you go! On the house. 
 What's the occasion? When you bake a tray of spiced triple A beef enrobed in puff pastry, that is the occasion. 
 So you're taking over the kitchen now? 
 No! Just while Shona's son is visiting from Trinidad. 
 I thought, if I'm gonna run this joint solo, I may as well float a few recipes of my own. 
 A man of many talents, Don! Enjoy! 
 Let's get back to the office. Yeah, okay. 
 On second thought, why don't we stay here for a minute? 
 I'm sure Zoe has everything under control. 
 Not so fast, Chow. 
 Okay, I know the office is technically supposed to be open right now, but I thought you were doing this at Timmy's. 
 It's after nine! I know. I just... 
 My stupid phone's new operating system messed up my alarm. But, don't worry, I forwarded the agency's calls to my phone! 
 Speaking of which, do you know Riley Larson? 
 If I never hear from that over coiffed jackass again it'll be too soon. Why? 
 Because he just hired us. Ah... 
 How much are we paying her again? Define "jackass." 
 Designer suit. Too much cologne. Excessive use of the word "broski". Well... 
 And how do you know this guy? Riley's a Bay Street criminal lawyer my dad and I worked for a few times. 
 He reps the scum of the earth, and he is pretty good at keeping them out of jail. 
 With an assist from the Everett Agency. 
 His cheques never bounced! So what does he want with us? 
 Apparently Riley opened a new practice. 
 He wants us to find out who threw a brick through his front window. Which narrows our suspect list down to anybody he's ever met. 
 Unionville, uh? Not exactly what I was expecting. 
 Me neither. The Riley I knew was more of a glass and concrete guy. 
 Why would he set up shop here? Nicely gentrified. 
 Lots of new money. I get the attraction. 
 Yeah, if you're opening a bakery or a ye olde fudge shop, not a law firm. Zoe must've got the wrong address. 
 No! I don't think so. 
 Riley's Flying Motorcycle Club? 
 So your buddy's a biker now? 
 He's not my buddy. There's the broken window! 
 (KNOCKING) 
 There's something really weird about all this. 
 Maybe there's a back entrance. 
 It's open. 
 Hello? 
 Riley? 
 Hello? 
 Angie. 
 Is that meant for us? 
 Is that some kind of joke? 
 Well, it is, the joke's on me. 
 I just got jumped. 
 ♪ I see you and you see me ♪ 
 ♪ Watch you blowin' the lines when you're makin' a scene ♪ 
 ♪ Oh boy, you've got to know ♪ 
 ♪ What my head overlooks ♪ 
 ♪ The senses will show to my heart ♪ 
 ♪ When it's watching for lies 'cause you can't escape my ♪ 
 ♪ Private Eyes They're watching you ♪ 
 ♪ Private Eyes ♪ 
 ♪ They're watching you, watching you, watching you ♪ 
 ♪ Watching you ♪ 
 I was coming here to meet you to talk about the brick when I heard a noise at my workbench. 
 I went to check it out and got coldcocked by a helmet. 
 Did you see his face? No. He got me by surprise. 
 I wouldn't have figured you for the biker. 
 Back in the day you used to live in a suit and tie. 
 I quit law last year. You quit? Why? 
 What're you, my shrink? Hey! 
 Easy, bro. We're just trying to get a little backstory. 
 I'm not your "bro". And here's your backstory: 
 I opened a new business, and someone wants me out. 
 I can't imagine why. Look. I'm tired of these yokels treating us like a gang, alright! 
 My members are good people, they don't deserve this. 
 Maybe it's just you they don't like. 
 Hey, hey, hey! Tell us about the window out front. 
 It happened yesterday around 7 AM. 
 I was back here when I heard a crash. 
 I went out, found glass everywhere. And also this. 
 At least they're consistent. 
 If you're so worried, why haven't you call the police? 
 That's funny. You know how many cops I've taken apart on the witness stand? They already hate me, and that was before the rally. What rally? 
 I'm hosting a vintage motorcycle rally tomorrow. 
 Closing down the whole street. It's gonna be great for tourism. 
 Maybe this has something to do with that. 
 All I know is if this were anywhere else in the city, they'd be putting up a plaque in my honour. 
 Instead they hold a protest at the community centre. 
 They who? 
 For twelve years, our community has been among the safest in the greater Toronto area. 
 But since the arrival of Mr. Larson, there have been noise violations, unruly activity at our local pubs, and a dramatic increase in crime, including vandalism and assault. 
 What are you talking about? Both of those attacks were against my club! Part of a pattern of violence that started when you arrived. Sit down, lady! 
 As leader of the Unionville Preservation Society, I'm asking one last time to cancel this reckless bike rally tomorrow. Thank you. 
 (CHEERING AND APPLAUSE) 
 Alright! Settle! Settle! Settle! Thank you, Wendy. 
 We'll take your words under advisement. 
 Mr. O'Connor? I manage the Unionville Arms Pub, and Riley's club has been the best thing that's happened to us. Sales are way up. 
 What? Speak for yourself! My boutique has lost nearly half its revenue. Think long term, Lola. 
 This rally will bring in all kinds of tourists. 
 Yeah, tattooed hoodlums from Millhaven! 
 (FEEDBACK) 
 Little trick from my punk band days. 
 Now I know some of you are concerned with the number of bikers showing up tomorrow, but Mr. O'Connor has graciously donated his parking lot as overflow. 
 (CHEERING AND APPLAUSE) 
 And Riley has also promised that all proceeds from the rally will be donated to charity. 
 The charity in his pocket! 
 Riley never mentioned a charity. 
 Weird. He's not one to hide things that make him look good. 
 Alright, alright. That's enough. That's enough! 
 As I was saying, in my opinion, the benefits of holding the rally outweigh the risks. 
 The council's decision stands. The rally is on. 
 (APPLAUSE) 
 Our fearless leader has a temper. You think she's behind this? 
 I don't know. I can't see her swinging a helmet. 
 And I can't see you doing SoulCycle, but life is full of surprises. 
 I am really regretting telling you that. 
 Her name is Wendy Meisner. 
 She's the leader of the Unionville Preservation Society. 
 Yeah? Well, my name is Kurtis Mazhari, and I'm the leader of the local chapter of the I-Don't-Give-A-Rat's-Ass Society, alright? Come on, Maz! 
 It'll take you two minutes. 
 We just wanna see if she's got any priors. 
 I can't do it, alright? Inspector Carson's been cracking down on me. 
 Every login to the network is monitored. 
 Besides, she eats private eyes for breakfast. 
 Now I gotta deal with this on top of everything else. 
 Who's the newbie? 
 Danica Powers. Some uniform headquarters dumped on us for a week. She's doing that to be a detective. 
 Can we use her login? 
 That could not be more against work policy. 
 Come on, Maz. Don't make me post a pic of a certain detective rocking a vintage bowl cut. 
 You're bluffing. 
 Powers! Get over here. Yes, sir? 
 Why don't you set out to my computer and log into your account? 
 You want to be a detective, right? Let's do a little dry run, uh! 
 Okay! Okay! Right! Yeah! 
 This is Shade and Angie, two of my... confidential informants. Hello! 
 Fakes names, of course. Go ahead. 
 Okay! We're looking for some information on a Wendy... 
 Meisner, founder of the Unionville Preservation Society. 
 Actually, yes. One incident of malicious destruction of property, later dropped. Looks like she smashed some of her ex-husband's artwork during a messy divorce. 
 What's this about? 
 We're just looking into some death threats. 
 It's probably nothing. What's the case number? 
 Uh, 867-5309. 
 Okay! I'll log that right now! No need. No need! 
 I will take care of it. That's plenty for today. Great work. 
 Ha! Ha! Thank you, Sir! Yeah! 
 Yeah, that's not... There's... That's the door right there. 
 I would hardly call it art. 
 It was a hideous anime space girl with giant fake boobs. 
 You don't deny smashing it. I wanted his things out of my house and I "accidentally damaged it". 
 The way you "accidentally assaulted" Riley Larson? 
 No. I swear I wasn't there. 
 Then you won't mind telling us where you were this morning at 9:30? 
 I was having breakfast. With who? 
 My friend, Lola Melloncamp. 
 Yes, Wendy and I met at the Unionville Arms this morning. 
 They have a great Early Bird. 
 You don't seem to like Riley much either. 
 Or the rally. 
 My boutique sells high-end clothing and jewelry. 
 Some are estate sale pieces that are extremely valuable. 
 My clients hate the sound of revving engines almost as much as Lou Lou here. Yes. 
 I have no choice but to close my shop tomorrow. 
 What about yesterday? Someone threw a brick through Riley's window. 
 I was sleeping when it happened. We didn't mention the time. 
 I heard about it, okay? Why are you only questioning me? 
 Lots of people have it in for Riley. Why is that? 
 Because he's a scam artist. You wanna know how to tell if Riley Larson is lying? His lips are moving. 
 Ugh... Classic Riley. Making friends wherever he goes. 
 What do you suppose she meant by that? 
 I don't know, but my money's on the charity rally. 
 Doesn't jive with the Riley Larson I know. 
 You think it's a scam? 
 Explains why he didn't tell us about it. 
 So how do you think we are gonna get to the truth? 
 Why don't we ask somebody? 
 Whoa. You really think confronting a bunch of bikers on their home turf is such a great idea? 
 You got a better one? 
 (ROCK MUSIC) 
 Hey! Welcome. I'm Tiny. Are you signing up for tomorrow's rally? 
 You bet, we are! Always happy to support local charity! 
 Which one is it again? 
 All proceeds are going to the Harbour Women's Shelter. 
 It's a cause close to Riley's heart. 
 Is there a website we could check out? 
 You guys cops? No. 
 What's your ride? A Honda. 
 Yeah? What kind? It's a... 
 Uh... It's a... It's a Honda Gold Wing Valkyrie, the power cruiser from hell. 1500 CC's, she tops out at about 210. Isn't that right, honey? 
 Yeah, it's right. 
 Sweet ride. Yeah! 
 Well. Sign up here, leave the sheet there and I'll see you two tomorrow. 
 Thanks, Tiny! 
 What the hell was that? 
 I'm a car guy! Motorcycles are two wheeled death traps. 
 Fine! And I do all the talking starting now! 
 It's the last thing we need to see you blow our cover. 
 Shadow? 
 Dude, I am like so geeking out here. 
 Matt Shade, in my bar, man! I can't... I got your... 
 I got your card in here somewhere. 
 You a big fan of the Tropics? Yeah. 
 That's Maui. One day I'm gonna open up a tiki bar there. 
 Somewhere they don't care who your clientele is, right? As a bartender, you must hear things. Any idea who's after Riley? 
 Believe me, I've been listening. 
 So far no one's owning up. 
 Here we go. 
 I really appreciate this. 
 Yeah, no problem. So... do you know Lola Mellencamp and Wendy Meisner? 
 Sure. Lola's a regular. 
 Wendy comes in for breakfast sometimes. 
 Like today. Today? No. I open late on Fridays. Thanks, man. 
 Thank you! 
 So Wendy has no alibi at all. More importantly, she chose to lie. And got her friend Lola to cover it up. 
 Let's check it out. 
 Look familiar? 
 What the hell is going on out here? 
 We were just about to ask you the same thing. 
 Tan brownstones, exactly like the one that was thrown through Riley's window. 
 Why did you lie about your alibi? I have my reasons. 
 Our client needs to know. You got ten seconds. 
 Because she was with me. 
 Wendy and I have spent a lot of time together. 
 My job is to build bridges. Into your arch enemy's bedroom? 
 It's complicated. We represent two very passionate bases. 
 And though Bryce is friendly with the bikers, I've come to realize he can be a lot more reasonable than some of my own group. And vice versa. 
 We started to understand each other. 
 And somewhere along the way, there were sparks. 
 Sometimes work can bring out chemistry in unexpected ways. 
 You must know what that's like. 
 No! No. No idea. No, no idea. 
 My members at the Unionville Preservation Society would have a fit if they knew that Bryce and I were romantic. 
 They'd think I sold out. Only Lola knows about our relationship. And we'd like to keep it that way. 
 Maybe if you guys were more forthcoming about where you were this morning. 
 We were here, during the assault. 
 Together. Is that forthcoming enough for you? 
 What about the broken window? 
 She had nothing to do with that either. 
 Tell them, Wendy. 
 Wendy? 
 Are you serious? I only did it because some in my group thought I was getting soft. 
 I was planning on paying Riley back anonymously. 
 If I was you, I'd get your chequebook out. 
 Wendy Meisner. Wow. 
 So you know who threw the brick, but you don't know who assaulted me. 
 Which means you may wanna consider cancelling the rally. 
 No. I'm not cancelling my rally. 
 Look. I sunk a ton of money into this club, the rally's the whole point. 
 Because of the charity? 
 That's what this is about, isn't it? You're running a scam. 
 It's not a scam, okay? Feel free to look at the paperwork. 
 Why a women's shelter? Because it ticks all the right boxes. 
 PR gold in the Me Too era. 
 Not buying it. There's something else going on. 
 That's what I'm paying you to find out! 
 I'm sorry. Old habits. 
 I'm trying to change, Angie, believe me. 
 It's just... this rally is everything to me. 
 I'll pay you double to keep watch, whatever it takes. But I'm not cancelling my rally. 
 (MUMBLING) 
 Detective Mazhari? I was wondering if you needed any further help on that Wendy Meisner death threat case. 
 No, I'm good. Thank you. Are you sure? 
 Because when I mentioned it to Inspector Carson... 
 You told Inspector Carson? Sure. 
 She asked me for the file number but I couldn't seem to find it in the system. You've opened a file, right? 
 867-5309? 
 It's still just a hard copy right now, you know. 
 Analog. Gotta input the data into the... 
 Yeah. Okay. So... Okay. 
 Just let me know when it's up because I definitely want to keep Carson in the loop. You know. 
 Thank you. Thank you. 
 Angie? Help. 
 (POP ROCK MUSIC) 
 Ha! Ha! It's not my fault. What do you mean, it's not your fault? 
 You're the one who made me look into Wendy Meisner in the first place. 
 Now my rookie is all over this. And here she comes. 
 Right behind. 
 Perimeter check completed, no suspicious activity detected. 
 Hey, Danica. Why don't you take five and get us a round? 
 Thank you. That's very nice. Thank you. 
 Does she have an off switch? 
 You don't know the half of it. 
 She's at work every morning before everybody else, she leaves last, and every lunch break, she shows me new videos or her and her girlfriend bottle-feeding their baby pugs, Cameron and Diaz. 
 She'll be gone in a week. 
 Plus look at the bright side, you get to hang out with us and Carson will never find out you faked that file number. 
 I'm sorry. Which part of that is the bright side? 
 Oh! Danica needs more money. That's great. I'm dead now. So... 
 Whoa, check it out. A 1972 Norton Commando. 
 Alright! 
 Hold the phone! 
 When were you gonna tell me you were this into bikes? 
 Oh! I'm not. It's my dad's thing. He used to take me for picnic road trips up the escarpment. 
 Uh! You still ride? 
 Just because your dad's gone, doesn't mean you have to give up what you love. 
 Two beers for our fellow colleagues. 
 And because Danica correctly pointed out we're on duty, two sodas for us. Yeah! Cheers! Cheers! 
 Check out buddy in the trench coat, four o'clock. 
 He's bringing back the Bogart look. That's not a crime. 
 It's way too hot for riding. 
 He's got a gun! Detective Mazhari! What? 
 Shoot. We lost him. 
 I got him! 
 What the hell are you doing? This man's got a firearm! 
 Okay! Yeah, it's a starter's pistol. 
 Come on. Look out. 
 Are you okay? Meet Sergeant Earle Capshaw, Star of Courage recipient and the man we've honoured with kicking off our rally. 
 Hello. 
 What kind of outfit are you running here? 
 I'm sorry. Sorry about that, Sir. 
 Nice work, officer. 
 Thank you, Sir! Sarcastic! 
 I think I jumped the gun a little bit there. 
 Don't sneak out. Don't sneak out again today. 
 (APPLAUSE) 
 Thanks for coming out, guys. I appreciate it. 
 It is my honour to announce the first annual Riley's Rally to raise money in support of the Harbour Women's Shelter. 
 Thank you! 
 Flying Bikers, start your engines! 
 (REVVING ENGINES) 
 (GUNSHOT) 
 (CHEERING) 
 (REVVING ENGINE) 
 That was the last of them. Rally's over, no sign of danger. 
 Yeah. Unless you're a Gulf War veteran. 
 Go easy on her. She was just excited. 
 Alright, let's get the hell outta here and find Riley before one of us takes out a nun. 
 What's going on? (SIREN BLARING) 
 I got no idea. 
 Oh! Heads up! Clear the way! Yeah. 
 What happened? What do you think happened? 
 I was right all along. Come on, sweetie. 
 Looks like one of the bikers used the rally as a distraction to rob Lola's shop. 
 That's not good news for Riley. We should go tell him. 
 You don't have to do that. 
 I think he already knows. 
 I got a message from Lola saying she had info about the assault. 
 Can we see it? It was on FlashYak. 
 It's a messaging app. It disappears ten seconds after it's sent. 
 She asked me to come to her shop right away. 
 Told me to use the back door, said it was unlocked. 
 That didn't seem weird to you? No. She's let me in that way before. 
 Lola and I were briefly romantic. 
 And you don't think we could've used this information earlier? 
 When was I supposed to tell you? 
 Literally any time before now. Lola and I are fine. 
 We parted as friends. Yeah! 'Cause that's your strong suit. 
 Don't get me started... 
 Hey! Hey, hey! What happened after you got inside? 
 Okay. I knew something was wrong right away. 
 I saw glass on the floor, and no Lola. So I started to worry. 
 Why didn't you call the cops? I didn't think of it, alright. 
 I wanted to make sure Lola was okay, so I went right over to the smashed display case. 
 That's when I saw my satchel... Your satchel? 
 I swear to God, I don't know how it got there. 
 I picked it up, and realized I was being set up. 
 And then the cops burst in. 
 (ROCK MUSIC) 
 I should put you in charge more often. 
 Yeah. I knew my carrot and coriander soup would kill! Ha! Ha! 
 You know, when Jules had her movie nights, I always had to make more. How did your... 
 How did your date go with your son? 
 It was great. Great! 
 Yeah! He misses me. Yeah? 
 Yeah... 
 (LOUD EXHALE) 
 What's wrong? 
 Noah wants me to spend more time there. In Trinidad. 
 You should go. I can handle this place. 
 I'm talking a month, maybe more. I can't do that to you. 
 Maybe it will be better if you just... come with me. 
 To Trinidad? 
 You'd love it there. And I was thinking... if we sold this place, we'd have enough money to go back and forth as much as we want. 
 I know, I know. It's a lot to take in. And I... 
 I've seen how much you love this place. 
 Well, I also like okra and macaroni pie. 
 So you'll consider it? 
 Sweetie, if it's important to you, of course I'll consider it. 
 (LAUGHTER) 
 Boy meets girl, girl plots revenge, boy goes to prison. It's textbook. 
 Riley is anything but textbook. He's always working an angle. 
 I don't like the guy either, but why would he hire us if he was planning a robbery? 
 Maybe he thought it would be a good cover story for the jury if he ever got caught. 
 That's' a bit of a stretch. 
 If that were true, why wouldn't he jump at the chance to blame Lola? 
 Maybe the guy really is trying to turn his life around. 
 A stubborn alpha male seeking a second act. Why am I getting a déjà vu? 
 It's the ex-con in you, Everett. You can relate. 
 Okay! Fine. 
 Let's assume he didn't break in. Where does that leave us? 
 With a client who says he was framed, and a jilted ex-lover who maintains her innocence. 
 Two suspects. And one of them's lying. 
 It's Riley. He's the one who's lying. 
 So you were upset that he broke up with you. 
 That's what he told you? 
 Lou Lou! Sorry! 
 She's always getting into something. 
 No, no. It was me that broke it off. 
 And you're not holding your grudge? No. 
 Why should we believe you? You've already lied to us once. 
 There's a difference between covering for a friend and planning some frame job. 
 Riley said he got a FlashYak message from you just before two PM. Do you mind telling us where you were? 
 Right next door, in Aiden's bar, with earplugs, drinking Negronis. 
 There are six witnesses who can confirm that. 
 And my cell never left my purse. Riley also said the back door was unlocked. Like I said, he's a liar. 
 I checked that door three times before I left, that's how worried I was about these bikers. 
 What time was that? 9 AM. 
 I came to put the notice in the door about shutting down for the day. 
 And there was no sign of a break-in. 
 No. I polished the display cases, checked all the windows and the doors. 
 Then I turned on the alarm, locked the door, and went to the pub. 
 Why would Riley try to rob you? 
 Maybe he needed the money. I doubt that. 
 He left a high-paying job to follow his dream. 
 He loves to spin it that way, doesn't he? 
 What's your theory? You want to know the truth about why Riley quit law? Ask him about his last client. 
 Riley's last client was Kirby Dunham, charged with first degree murder for pushing his wife off a penthouse balcony. 
 Dunham claimed she fell, but Riley didn't present a very good case. Some even say he tanked it on purpose. 
 Why would he do that? Not sure. 
 But I did find a chatroom rumour that says Riley found some old assault charges against Kirby and slipped them to the judge. 
 Ouch. That would sour attorney-client relations. 
 Maybe Kirby wanted Riley to feel what it's like to be wrongly accused. 
 But Kirby had an alibi. 
 It's hard to do a frame-job from jail. 
 So we're nowhere. Not quite. I also found this. 
 "The trial was interrupted by Mr. Dunham's brother, Zane, so incensed by the verdict that he threatened Mr. Dunham's lawyer." 
 Maybe this Zane guy wants to avenge his brother? 
 Only one way to find out. 
 So how are we gonna play this? 
 We're just gonna shake his tree and see what falls out. 
 I love it when you talk P.I. 
 Skull door knocker. Nice touch. 
 Tiny? Or should we say Zane Dunham? 
 I was furious when my brother got convicted. 
 I stopped thinking straight. 
 There's a rumour that Riley tanked your brother's case on purpose. 
 If that was my flesh and blood, I'd be out for revenge. 
 
 
 
 Wait, you think I framed Riley for robbery? No. 
 Mind telling us where you were during the rally? 
 On my bike riding the circuit with everyone else. 
 Still, I think Riley would be interested to know who you really are. 
 He knows. I told him. 
 Look. I admit, I paid him a visit when the verdict came down. 
 And things could have gone a certain way. But they didn't. 
 Not after he showed me the evidence against Kirby. 
 What evidence? 
 I believed Kirby told me Emma's death was an accident, just like I believed him when he told me he never laid a hand on her. 
 Then Riley showed me the pictures. 
 Bruises all over her body. 
 All these years and I didn't know. 
 I knew then Kirby really did push her off that balcony. 
 What happened after that? 
 Riley and I started to talk. 
 He told me about the guilt, how all those years of helping abusive men took its toll. 
 Then he told me his idea for the motorcycle rally to raise money for the women's shelter. 
 He said it was just a PR move. 
 Of course he'd say that. He's a guy. We bury our guilt. 
 WE GOTTA ASK: Where were you Saturday morning? 
 In Montreal, with my nephew. 
 We made it back in time for the town hall. 
 I can show you the train ticket. 
 I didn't do this, okay? 
 But I know one thing for sure: neither did Riley. 
 (KEYS JINGLING) 
 Hey, Matt! Hey, dad! 
 Woah! Tough day, uh? 
 You don't wanna know. 
 Nothing a little borscht couldn't cure. 
 Borscht? Yeah! 
 I used to make this for your mother when she was pregnant with you. 
 She ate it by the bucketful. 
 There you go. Try that. 
 Wow! It's actually really good! 
 You should put this on the menu. Yeah, about that. 
 What would you say if I told you that we were thinking of selling the diner? 
 I thought you loved that place. 
 I do, but Shona needs to be with her family. 
 I can buy cheap in Trinidad and take up surfing! 
 Surfing? Yeah! 
 You barely know how to couch surf! And what about Jules? 
 She'll be back from Europe next week. 
 I can fly back and forth. And she's gonna be in university soon, you're not gonna need me around here forever. 
 Are you sure about this, dad? 
 The Red Bird has never been so busy And I've never seen you so happy. 
 Yeah, well, I am enjoying it. 
 But Shona needs her family. 
 She's not the only one. 
 It's hard to get a good borscht hookup in the city. 
 Yeah. 
 Trinidad? It threw me for a loop. 
 I didn't think he'd move so quickly. 
 I'm with you there. But, like my Dad used to say: 
 "Life is about finding your place." 
 I just always assumed dad's place was with his family. 
 Talk about a 180. 
 What? Speaking of 180s, we were wondering why Riley suddenly quit law. 
 We know why. Kirby Dunham. 
 But doesn't it seem odd that he would re-invent himself over one case? 
 Thanks for posting bail. Don't worry. We'll add it to the bill. What's going on? 
 You got something on the case? Uh, yes and no. 
 We were wondering why you really sabotaged the Kirby Dunham case. 
 You defended him before, didn't you? 
 I tried to get past it, you know, continue my job, but I got him acquitted. 
 Me. 
 I'm the reason he was still around to kill his wife. 
 So, when he hired me the second time around... 
 You tanked the case. 
 I quit my job, burned my suit, and never looked back. 
 So the women's shelter thing... it's not about "ticking the right boxes." 
 It's about redemption. 
 I guess it didn't work. 
 (MATT SIGHING) 
 Look, we know you didn't do this, but... we need something to go on. 
 Apparently, they're still missing a diamond brooch. 
 They've searched Lola's place three times. I mean... 
 They think you stashed it somewhere. 
 10 bucks says it's still in that satchel. 
 So, we got our hands on Lola's insurance claim. 
 5K for the glass display case, which checks out, but there is the matter of the missing piece of jewelry. 
 The brooch, we heard. How much? 
 Appraised value: 95K. And before you say anything, it's not in the satchel. My boys searched it with a fine-tooth comb. It is not in there. 
 You mean this satchel? OK. Can you not, Shade? 
 How many times I gotta tell you not to touch the evidence? 
 Give me the bag! - Whoa... 
 What does that look like? Looks like we just found our lead. 
 Perfect match. 
 So, you're saying the person who stole my satchel also tagged my wall? Why? 
 To disguise their true intentions. 
 What do you mean? We've been looking at this all backwards. That morning you came in here, you heard a noise coming from your workbench. You went over to investigate, you got knocked out. Right. So? 
 So you didn't see the graffiti. It would've been behind you. 
 So, you're saying it wasn't there. 
 Not yet. The suspect added it after the fact. 
 Whoever broke in here broke in here for another reason: to steal your satchel. 
 But when you caught them, they panicked and had to improvise. 
 Let me guess: there was a can of that colour green spray paint somewhere in the workshop? 
 You know what, I... Yeah, I was doing a touch-up job here last week. It was right there on the shelf. 
 After you were knocked out, the suspect used the bad blood between you and the community to cover their tracks. 
 So, this was never about the rally. 
 This was all about framing me. 
 Which means if we find the vandal, we find the real jewel thief. 
 ♪♪ 
 (ANGIE): Sorry to bother you. We have a few more questions. 
 We believe there's a link between the robbery of your store and the assault on Riley. 
 Can you think of anyone who had a vendetta against both of you? Vendetta? No. This is a tight-knit community. We take care of each other. 
 Yeah, unless someone doesn't fit in... 
 (PURRING) What is it? 
 When you leave your store, how do you deal with Lou Lou? 
 With some clumping kitty litter and a bowl full of kibbles? 
 No, I mean your alarm. 
 You said you set it at nine in the morning the day of the rally. How come Lou Lou didn't trip it? 
 If it's during the day, I just bypass the motion sensors. 
 Which means anyone would be free to walk around inside the shop, as long as they don't come through the windows or doors. 
 That is generally how perimeter alarms work, yes. 
 It's drywall dust. What does it mean? 
 It means we're gonna need to know more about your relationship with your next-door neighbour, Mr. Aiden O'Connor. 
 (INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS) 
 Hey! Shadow, my man! You're back. 
 Two Negronis, I hear they're good in here. 
 Wouldn't have pegged you for a Negroni guy. 
 Oh, Lola suggested them. 
 Lola does love her Negronis. 
 You two, uh... spent a little time together, didn't you? 
 We may have dated a few times. 
 "May have dated"? We heard you tried to convince her to sell her shop and move to Maui with you, to finance that bar you wanted to open. Except she was into another dude. 
 What can I say? Her loss. 
 You got that right. 95K to be exact. 
 That's the value of the brooch that went missing after the robbery. Would make a nice down payment on that tiki bar of yours. 
 Your drinks. 
 (SIGHING) 
 Ooh! Wow. 
 That packs a wallop. I'd be pretty tipsy after six of those. That's the exact number Lola drank the day of the motorcycle rally. 
 Yeah. You know, a girl gets that drunk, she's likely to lose track of her purse, which would be a perfect opportunity to swipe her phone when she wasn't looking and send a FlashYak message. 
 Are you finished? 
 Oh, no. We're just getting started. 
 Hey, hey. Whoa! Wait! 
 You can't go back there! 
 WHOA! 
 Hey, hey! Whoa! Hey! 
 Hey! This office is private. Sure is. 
 Perfect place to do a drywall reno. 
 I haven't been doing any drywall. 
 Well, that's funny... because I found drywall dust on Lola's cat, and on the floor around a large shelf in the jewellery store right next door. 
 Probably right behind this poster... 
 Here's Johnny! 
 Yeah, that would've been a lot cooler if I had the axe. 
 It's a pretty clever plan, actually. 
 Using the noise of the engines from the rally to hide the sound of you breaking through the wall. 
 Knocking out Riley and tagging the wall to confuse the cops was a nice touch. And props for your speed, bro. 
 The way you broke in, smashed the display case, and laid the booby trap. 
 In what, three minutes? Plus, you still had time to wiggle the shelf back into place... Then all you had to do was get Lola drunk enough to swipe her phone and lure Riley. 
 Not only do you get back at the guy who took your girl, but you also get to make off with this. 
 (SIGHING) 
 Uh, hey, can you guys help me out of here? 
 Matt? Angie? Angie! 
 (SCOFFING) 
 Nobody messes with our neighbourhood. 
 Alright. Make way, please! Mr. O'Connor, you're under arrest. (GRUNTING) 
 ♪♪ 
 (STREETCAR BELL DINGING) 
 (50S MUSIC PLAYING) 
 Only one soup tonight, Dad? Yeah, but it's a good one. 
 Oyster chowder. I'm working on the do-one-thing-but-do-it-right principle for the next phase of The Red Bird. 
 Next phase? I thought you were selling this place. 
 Yeah. I thought about what you said, son. 
 Shona and I talked about it, and... she realizes that this is where I need to be. 
 So, does that mean she's staying? 
 She caught the red-eye to Trinidad last night. 
 Hold on. You said she needed to sell this place to have money for Trinidad. She did sell it. 
 You bought the diner outright? 
 Yeah. It's... it's the right decision for both of us. It gives us both more choice. 
 Well, what does that mean for your relationship? 
 Well, it... 
 It means that relationships... are hard. 
 ♪♪ 
 (INDISTINCT SPEAKING OVER RADIO) Thank you, officer. 
 (PHONE RINGING) 
 Detective Mazhari? 
 We need to talk. 
 Talk. Yes. Are you familiar with case number 867-5309? 
 No. Sounds catchy though. 
 It's just that you're the senior officer in the bullpen... and according to my reports the first person to log in this case was Officer Danica Powers. 
 Well, you know, I'm trying to sort of take a different tactic with her mentorship, sort of have her come to where we're eq... started from... 
 I'm not really talking about the mentorship. 
 All I need to know is did she bring this case to you, or did you find it? 
 It was a team effort. 
 OK. I was hoping you'd say that. 
 Yeah? This is fantastic work, Mazhari. You and Officer Powers solved a robbery and assault together. And I know chemistry when I see it... which is why I pulled some strings, and I extended Ms. Powers' detective internship for three months. 
 I want you to take her under your wing. She is not to leave your sight for the duration. Understood? OK. 
 Yeah. Yeah. This is the start of something very special. Special. Yeah. Exactly. 
 No, thank you. Oh, thank you! 
 No, no. It's fine. No, thank you. Thank you. I... 
 Oh! Detective Mazhari, check this out. 
 (SOFT PIANO MUSIC) 
 Hmm. Paid in full. 
 You always had that going for you. 
 If nothing else. You know, maybe they'd embrace you more in Unionville if you opened up a little. 
 Yeah, well... That's easier said than done. 
 True. 
 But that guy you hide inside? 
 He's a lot more interesting. Tell me the truth. 
 Back in my lawyer days, was I ever a jackass to you? 
 No. (SCOFFING) 
 You're a good liar... like your father. 
 I miss that old bugger. 
 Yeah, me too. 
 He was a good P.I. Mm-hmm. 
 And you're an even better one. 
 If he were still around, he'd be proud. 
 (SIGHING) Thank you. 
 (ACOUSTIC MUSIC) 
 ♪ If I told you everything I've seen ♪ 
 ♪ You would not believe ♪ 
 ♪ Can't settle down in tiny boxes ♪ 
 ♪ I'd rather breathe the open sea ♪ 
 ♪ I'd rather breathe the open sea ♪ 
 ♪ Put 100,000 miles on wheels ♪ 
 ♪ And strangers became friends ♪ 
 ♪ I shook hands with the best of them ♪ 
 ♪ And traded stories ♪ 
 ♪ I knew I'd forgive ♪ OK, Here I am. You look great. 
 I have a motorcycle. I get it. 
 It's perfect. Stop. 
 Come on, Bryce. Get in there. Don't be shy. 
 OK, you got us on screen. Hi. Hi. 
 ♪ To feel our dream ♪ 
 (CHUCKLING) Come back for some soup. 
 Hey! Glad you're here, Dad. 
 Thanks, son. So, where's your work wife? 
 We're gonna run out before she gets here. 
 Yeah, she came by earlier and filled up a thermos. 
 There was... something she needed to take care of. 
 ♪ We don't know where we're going ♪ 
 ♪ That don't stop you and me ♪ 
 ♪ And the big sky hovers over ♪ 
 ♪ Taunting me and you ♪ 
 ♪ Take those fears we had as kids ♪ 
 ♪ And throw them towards the moon ♪ 
 (ENGINE RUMBLING) 
 ♪ 'Til they're out of you ♪ 
 ♪ And no, the sky ain't big enough ♪ 
 ♪ To fill our dreams ♪ 
 ♪ No the sky ain't big enough ♪ 
 ♪ To fill our dreams ♪ 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 