Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 03x11 - Aye, Aye, Tonya - Private Eyes 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 03x11 - Aye, Aye, Tonya https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=645&t=41131 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/25/20 11:06 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 03x11 - Aye, Aye, Tonya 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 (MUSICAL INTRO OF SONG SWEET TIME BY RAVEENA) 
 You really need to stop dropping by in the afternoons. 
 Yeah. Seems like the perfect time for me. 
 What if Shade or Zoe were here? 
 Hmm... You know I'm not into group stuff. 
 (CHUCKLING) 
 I hate to do this to you, but I really have to go. 
 I've got a client and a ton of paperwork. Sure. 
 Not that I don't love what we have going on here, because I do, it's been great, I do just want to make sure we're on the same page though. 
 You know, keeping things... Casual? 
 Yeah. I got you the first time you said it. 
 And the second. 
 I just don't want to lead you on. 
 Oh, Angie, I am a big boy, and you can change your mind any time you want. 
 Besides, I've got to run over to the Five of Diamonds and take care of some stuff, and after that, I'm driving up to see my sister. 
 ♪ No-no-no, no-no-no no-no-no ♪ But I will call you afterwards, if that's OK. Get out of here. 
 Oh, wait! 
 What I said about afternoons, scratch that. ♪ Sweet time ♪ 
 ♪ Sweet time, yeah ♪ 
 ♪ Sweet ♪ 
 ♪ Sweet time, yeah ♪ 
 ♪ Sweet time, yeah ♪ Hey, honey, Angie just called. I gotta head back to the office. 
 (SNIFFING) What is that smell and how I get in on some of that? 
 Oatmeal chocolate chip. They're my celebration cookies. 
 What are we celebrating? OK, you know that amateur DJ night I did last month, the one where I had to bribe you with a genuine Italian dinner to let me go? I think I won that one. 
 Think again. Guess who caught my set. 
 Who? Hey! dw. 
 Hey! dw? Wow! He's... 
 She's... She's awesome. 
 Dad, she's only one of the hottest DJs on the scene right now. She's playing on Thursday at Detour and get this: she wants me to do a set with her. 
 Ohhh... uhhh... 
 Well, that's fantastic, honey, but don't you have to be 19 to get into that club? 
 They make an exception for talent. 
 Aaah... I just have to get my parents to sign off on it. 
 Mom said she's OK if you are. 
 She did? 
 Uhhh... That's a school night, honey. 
 Those things go on 'til 4 in the morning. 
 Dad, hey! dw thinks a visually impaired DJ is cool. 
 She's big on promoting diversity. 
 Look, this is a really big opportunity for me. 
 And... there's a bag of cookies in it for you. 
 ♪♪ Sorry I'm late. 
 I brought cookies. Randal just got here. 
 This is my partner, Matt Shade. Hi. 
 Randal Strong. Thanks for seeing me so last minute. 
 Oh yeah, no problem. Please, help yourself. 
 Thank you. So, how can we help you? 
 Well, I recently got engaged. 
 My fiancée's name is Tonya Gilbourne. She's the love of my life. I know, it sounds cheesy. 
 Tonya performs two nights a week on a cruise ship in the harbour. 
 She trained at Juilliard, so she's a little bit embarrassed by it, but... she likes her co-workers, she likes her job. 
 So what's the problem? Something happened during her last shift. 
 She's been acting moody, distracted ever since. 
 I asked her about it, but she won't talk to me. 
 I caught her whispering on the phone, and she went out last night and she lied to me about where she was going. And you think she's having an affair? No. No, no, that's not what this is. This is... something totally different. Any idea what that might be? I don't know. 
 I know Tonya, and I know that she's too proud to burden anybody with her problems. 
 So what do you need from us? 
 I'd like you to keep an eye on her during her next performance, see if you can figure out what's going on. Here's a photo, and two tickets to tonight's cruise. 
 They set sail in two hours. 
 I gotta warn you what we find out might not be pretty. 
 It's not what you guys think. 
 There's no way my girl is cheating on me. 
 His girl is so cheating on him. 
 No doubt in my mind. Don't you feel guilty? 
 I mean, we're not just taking this poor sap's money, we're gonna break his heart too. 
 We provide an ugly but necessary service. 
 A divorce down the line will cause more heartache and cost a lot more than our fee. 
 I'm not looking forward to this. 
 Forcing a man to see the ugly truth in his relationship? 
 No. Forcing me to partake in dinner theatre. 
 Nothing ruins a meal more than D-List actors in annoying costumes shouting things. 
 Don't be so cynical. 
 Think of this as a culinary adventure accompanied by Julliard-trained actors. 
 It's the very definition of high art. 
 (FLUTE MUSIC) Ahoy, me mateys, and welcome to the Blimey Barnacle! 
 (CHEERING) 
 (ENERGETIC ELECTRONIC MUSIC) 
 What did I tell you? High arrrt. 
 I really hate you right now. 
 ♪ I see you and you see me ♪ 
 ♪ Watch you blowing the lines when you're making a scene ♪ 
 ♪ Oh boy, you've got to know ♪ 
 ♪ What my head overlooks ♪ 
 ♪ The senses will show to my heart ♪ 
 ♪ When it's watching for lies ♪ 
 ♪ 'Cause you can't escape my ♪ 
 ♪ Private eyes ♪ 
 ♪ They're watching you ♪ 
 ♪ Private eyes ♪ 
 ♪ They're watching you, watching you ♪ 
 ♪ Watching you, watching you ♪ 
 (FESTIVE MUSIC) (MAN): Arrr! 
 Avast ye, landlubbers! 
 Clap ol' thunder for me hearties at the Jolly Roger! 
 Arrr! 
 Any sign of Tonya? 
 Not yet. I figured she'd be in the greeting line with the others. 
 Ahoy, mateys! Now, prepare ye-selves for an evening of unbridled debauchery. 
 (PEOPLE CHEERING) However, do drink responsibly. 
 We will be in a moving vessel on the open water, so you know, you just want to be safe. 
 These are my rules. Now hoist a cup of Satan's dew; 
 Captain Amy says we be haulin' anchor in 15 minutes! 
 Nyah-ah-ah. No drinking 
 'til we get the pic. Got that, Blackbeard? 
 Yeah, money shots, they have tequila shots. Got it. 
 ♪ What would you do with a drunken sailor ♪ There she is. ♪ Early in the morning ♪ 
 ♪ What would you do with a drunken sailor ♪ You think that's our man? ♪ What would you do ♪ 
 ♪ With a drunken sailor ♪ My money's on Bachelor number 2. 
 ♪ What would you do with a drunken sailor ♪ Go see where she's going. I'll suss things out here. 
 ♪ What would you do with a drunken sailor ♪ 
 ♪ What would you do with a drunken sailor ♪ 
 ♪ What would you do with a drunken sailor ♪ 
 ♪ Early in the morning ♪ 
 ♪♪ 
 Who's texting you, Tonya? 
 Come on, show me that screen. 
 What are you doing down here? 
 Uhhh... Bathroom is this way? 
 Staff only. There's a men's room up top. 
 OK. Off you go, Matey. 
 Yeah, yeah. 
 (BELL RINGING) 
 (INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS) 
 Thank you. So, where did you say you were from? 
 Oh, um, Thunder Bay. I'm just here for a few days for a botany convention. 
 My friend recommended the cruise, and I thought, "What the heck!" 
 Well, you are in for a treat. 
 This is the best of the pirate-themed boats. 
 There's more than one? Four actually. 
 But having done this one 17 times, I can assure you it is the cream of the crop. 
 The cannonball meatballs they have rolling out later are boss. 
 My friend was saying the same thing. 
 Maybe you know her. Tonya Gilbourne? 
 ♪♪ She's one of the performers. 
 I saw you hugging her earlier. Oh, Terrible Tonya! 
 I thought that was just a stage name. 
 Uh, so you don't know her. 
 It's just the way you two embraced, I thought you were... 
 What?! No! 
 Between double shifting at the call centre and fine tuning my killstreak in Fortnite, I don't have time for a relationship right now. 
 But flings are another matter. 
 You know what they say? 
 "What happens on the Barnacle stays on the Barnacle." 
 Including barnacles actually, as they stick to the hull, technically. 
 Ha ha ha ha! 
 (PIRATE PERFORMER): The show will start in 10 minutes. 
 When are we gonna break our rule and start drinking? 
 Right about now. Miss? 
 Tipple o' grog? 
 Don't mind if we do. Nice night for mutiny and betrayal. Down ye hatch, scallywags. 
 Ah, disgusting! Who knew pirates were into Peach Schnapps. Is it just me, or did Tonya seem off her game? 
 Yeah, she does seem a little distracted. I saw her get a text that upset her when we were down below. 
 Speaking of distracted, you've been quiet tonight. 
 Hey, have you ever heard of hey! dw? 
 If it's something really cool and really hip, obviously yes. 
 Apparently she's some big deal DJ. 
 She wants Jules to spin a set with her. 
 Seriously? That's great! 
 No, it's not great. In fact, it's the opposite of great. 
 We're talking about a nightclub and my 16-year-old daughter. 
 She's a smart girl, Shade, she's not gonna do anything stupid. 
 (WOMAN): I said no! I wish I could say the same about our fearless fiancée. Let's go. Let's go. 
 I knew there was something going on between them. 
 Nothing more dangerous than a workplace romance. 
 I'm on it. (INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS) 
 Dude, please! 
 It's staff only, I told you already. 
 Show's about to begin. 
 (INDISTINCT CHATTER) (SEAGULL SQUAWKING) 
 I'm really starting to hate that guy. 
 Tail her again after the show. Yeah. 
 (GRANDIOSE MUSIC PLAYING) 
 Ahoy, landlubbers! 
 Rumour has it thar be treasure in these waters! 
 And every good treasure needs a treasure map! 
 (AUDIENCE GASPING) 
 Woohoohoo! 
 Back off, scallywag! 
 (WOMAN): Blow it out your bilge, the treasure is mine! 
 (GRUNTING) 
 Your sword fighting is no match to mine. 
 Arr! But my speed is! 
 Raaah! 
 (WOMAN): Your death will be a treasure hunt to itself. 
 (MAN): But not if I feed you to the raging waters first. 
 Aaah! (AUDIENCE GASPING AND CHEERING) 
 Hmm. 
 (PEOPLE GASPING) 
 Is thar treasure in these waters? 
 Do we score a rich bounty of the raging shores of mighty York? Mm-hmm. 
 ♪♪ 
 (APPLAUSE AND CHEERING) 
 Not this time, me hearties. 
 Alas, thar be only one way to get over the heartache of a lost treasure. 
 LET'S ROCK! 
 (CHEERING) (ELECTRONIC ROCK MUSIC) 
 Wow, that was lame. 
 Tell me about it. Usually, Terrible Tonya spends at least a minute underwater and always comes up with the treasure chest! 
 This is easily the worst of the 17 shows. 
 Could be worse. We could be that guy. 
 (CHUCKLING): Yeah. Hey, check it out. 
 Looks like there actually might be a bachelor number 3. Our girl sure gets around. 
 (MATT): No kidding. What say we go snap me a new profile pic? You read my mind. 
 (ELECTRONIC ROCK MUSIC) 
 (CAMERA CLICK) Go that way a little bit. 
 (CAMERA CLICKING) Here, that's it. 
 (CAMERA CLICKING) 
 Postable yet? 
 (CAMERA CLICKING) 
 It is now. 
 Time to break Randal's heart. 
 It's not her. How did we lose track of her? 
 In our defence, she is a dead ringer for Tonya. 
 Let's go. 
 ♪♪ Are you ready to order? Excuse me. 
 Um, we're looking for our friend Tonya Gilbourne. 
 Sorry, I don't know her. I'm new here. 
 She got on the ship. She was supposed to perform tonight. 
 All I know is they put me in last minute. Apparently, Tonya was a no-show. 
 (INDISTINCT CHATTER) Hey, call-centre cowboy! Remember my friend I was talking about. Tell them you saw her on the ship. 
 Actually, yes. Terrible Tonya... 
 Was never here. What are you talking about? 
 I saw her. Think you drank too much rum. 
 That was ginger ale, my friend. 
 And I have a brain for details. 
 I guess you're calling me a liar, is that what you're doing? 
 Hey. Take it easy. 
 What do you mean, take it easy? Who are you? 
 Why are you pushing me for? Hey, what the hell is going on here? HEY! ♪♪ Get back to work. 
 (WOMAN SIGHING) 
 Sorry about that. They get a bit too into character sometimes. 
 We're looking for this woman; have you seen her tonight? 
 Tonya Gilbourne. Yes, she was here. 
 But she left before we cast off. 
 Are you sure? 
 I could have sworn she served us a drink after we set sail. 
 It couldn't have been her. Tonya wasn't feeling well, so I sent her home after boarding. 
 Rachael is the understudy. 
 Tonya had a burgundy bag. 
 I saw her put it into her locker. Would you mind if we just checked to see if it's still there? 
 I'm sorry, I have to get back up to the bridge. 
 It'll just take a second. And as captain, isn't it your duty to make sure all passengers are accounted for? 
 What were you doing down here anyway? 
 Passengers aren't allowed below deck. 
 Uh, I got lost going to the bathroom. 
 This is the locker here. I'm sure of it. 
 We appreciate this, Captain. 
 At the very least, it proves we're not losing our minds. 
 ♪♪ Or maybe we are. 
 This has taken up enough of my time. 
 I need to get back upstairs. 
 Did we just spend the whole evening tailing the wrong woman? 
 It's the last of them. 
 No Tonya. I swear she was on that ship. 
 She must have come back and grabbed her stuff when we weren't looking. Why was that Chuck guy so insistent that she was never there? 
 Something about this doesn't pass the smell test. 
 Hey, look. 
 If Tonya left before the ship set sail, that security camera would have caught it. 
 We can check with Maz in the morning. 
 Alright. One last chance to prove we're not crazy. 
 ♪♪ 
 I thought it was my turn. You got yesterday. 
 That was nice of us to bring Maz and Danica coffee, huh? 
 We're so thoughtful. Mm-hmm. 
 Where's Maz? Something's off. 
 His desk is never that clean. 
 If it isn't the Wonder Twins. 
 Once again in a restricted area of the police station without prior approval as usual. 
 We prefer to get our prior approval after the fact. 
 I have reviewed your interactions with Detective Mazhari over the past few months. 
 Requests for phone records, licence plate searches, credit checks. 
 Everything but a recommendation to a restaurant. 
 Does that mean you're not gonna let us look at the CCTV footage from the harbour last night? 
 I'm afraid the Mazhari information train has derailed. 
 Where is he? Did something happen to him? 
 Officer Powers will see you out. I'll dispose of these. 
 ♪♪ 
 (INDISTINCT WHISPERING) 
 What's going on? Did Maz get fired? 
 No. Where is he, Danica? 
 OK, you two just need to stay clear of here for a while, OK? 
 OK. 
 That's starting right now. OK. 
 Let me know if you're still alive. Thanks. 
 That's the fourth message I left for Maz, and he still hasn't called back. Hmm... 
 Even with the work ban, it's not like him to keep us out of the loop. Have you heard from him, Zoe? 
 Don't look at me. We haven't spoken since the Twister-night backslide. 
 The less you know the better. 
 Any updates from Randal? I spoke to him earlier. 
 He hasn't seen Tonya since yesterday. He's getting worried. 
 We need to take a look at this guy. No one's pushing the lie harder than him. Why would a man go to such great lengths to lie about a woman? 
 I know this one! Because he's sleeping with her? 
 What say we do some "Chucksploring"? 
 That sounded better in my head. 
 Hey, Zoe, why don't you order lunch from that Indian place that you like so much. 
 Dinner too. It's on us. Late night for Zoe? 
 We need you to do a social media deep-dive on everyone who was on that cruise. Check out every photo that's been posted online. We need proof Tonya was on the ship after it left the dock. Aye-aye, Captains. 
 Huh? Yeah. No. 
 ♪♪ Ah... so this is Chuck's place. (MATT): Yeah. 
 It's not exactly the Ritz. No. 
 What's with you? A booking agent just sent over Jules' contract. 
 Man, you need a degree in Latin just to understand this thing. 
 It's just legalese to cover their ass. 
 Yeah, I gotta pull the plug on this. Hold on. 
 Isn't that Jules' decision to make? 
 What? She has no idea what she's getting herself into. 
 I don't want to see the kid get hurt. 
 Are you worried she's being naive or that she's growing up and making her own decisions? 
 Don't try to pull your PI voodoo on me. 
 ♪♪ 
 (TRUCK DOOR CLOSING) (ENGINE REVVING UP) 
 What do you think, do we follow him? 
 I got a better idea. Cover me. 
 ♪♪ 
 (DOOR OPENING AND CLOSING) 
 OK. No sign of Tonya. 
 Just be quick. We don't know when he's coming back. 
 Yeah, not my first bar-mitzvah. 
 [What do you see?] A suitcase. 
 Someone's going on a trip. 
 And... I found Tonya's bag. 
 You're kidding? It's hers alright. 
 And there's a bag with a lot of blue pills. 
 Angie, get out of there. He's back. 
 Just give me one minute. You don't have another minute! 
 ♪♪ 
 Angie? 
 Angie, what's going on? 
 (ENGINE REVVING UP) Go, go, go! 
 So what? This guy is... her lover? Are you sure? 
 His name is Chuck Knowles. It looks like they're planning a trip together. Let me guess. 
 Thailand? Why do you say that? 
 Tonya's really into free diving. 
 She kept slipping me pamphlets for cool dives for us to go on. 
 I kept putting her off. 
 This is my fault. No. 
 Maybe she's just spooked about your engagement. 
 So you saw the two of them together? 
 Not quite. 
 But when we found out that she wasn't on the boat, we think she went straight to Chuck's. 
 At least, that's our working theory. 
 No. No, if you didn't see the two of them together, then I'm not buying it. 
 That's not Tonya. She wouldn't do that to me. 
 We found these in her bag. 
 No. It's impossible. 
 Tonya doesn't even drink, let alone use drugs. 
 We didn't say anything about using. 
 There's hundreds of those in her gym bag. 
 It points to something more than recreational. 
 Randal, there's a very distinct possibility that your fiancée is a drug dealer. 
 (INDISTINCT CHATTER) 
 Angie! What are you doing here? 
 Uh, Inspector Carson... Isn't here. 
 And I know that because I just watched her leave. 
 I need to know what's going on with Maz. 
 You know I can't tell you. 
 Well then, can you tell me about these? 
 Where did you get those? Look familiar? 
 ♪♪ No... 
 You're an even worse liar than Maz, and he sucks. Where is he? 
 OK. 
 He's on an assignment right now, OK? 
 It's a highly classified cross-border operation to figure out specifically how those are getting into the country. 
 What are they? It's a new synthetic opioid. 
 It goes by the street name Blue Bliss. 
 I actually need to know where you got them. 
 Our client's fiancée. Her name's Tonya Gilbourne. 
 OK. Does she travel to the U.S. a lot? 
 Not that I know of. 
 She works on a pirate cruise ship called The Blimey Barnacle. 
 OK. 
 Does it ever come in contact with another ship? Like on international waters? 
 No. It's just a harbour vessel. 
 OK. 
 Well, my guess is it's not involved, but I'll pass her name along. She's probably just a dealer buying a product somewhere else and reselling it on the ship. 
 She might have a partner, Chuck Knowles. 
 You should look into him too. OK. But, Angie, you need to drop this case, OK? 
 The people that are bringing these drugs in are extremely dangerous. 
 They've killed two undercover cops already. 
 Oh, my God! 
 You don't want to get mixed up in this, trust me. 
 (MATT): She wants us to drop the case? 
 Apparently, these smugglers are the real deal. 
 And they have no idea how the drugs are getting in. 
 But you don't really think Tonya's a drug dealer? 
 Maybe not, but she could be a mule. 
 And we don't even know where she is right now. 
 Did it ever occur to you that maybe she doesn't want to be found. 
 Maybe she's hiding out because she doesn't want to break Randal's heart. 
 Still, we owe it to Randal to take one more look. 
 I say we sit on Chuck's place one more night, see if she turns up. And if she does? 
 We break the hard truth to our client. 
 ♪♪ Still no sign of Tonya. 
 You want to get some sleep? No, I'm good. 
 You sure? 
 You and Tex have been burning the midnight oil lately. 
 I can put two and two together. 
 I'm just saying he's been around a lot. 
 Is it getting serious? It's the opposite of serious, just how I like it. Mm-hmm. 
 (CELL PHONE RINGING) 
 Hey, Zoe, what's up? I can't see straight. 
 I've been on social media for eight hours looking at photos people posted from the cruise. 
 Matt: [And?] I have never seen so many puns on the word "booty" in my life. 
 Also, I can't find any proof of Tonya on the ship after it set sail. 
 Damn it. [I created a bin] on the shared drive and posted the photos there. Enjoy. 
 Alright. Thanks, Zoe. You can go home now. 
 Yes! 
 Well, that clears up nothing. Maybe you're right. 
 Maybe this is just a waste of time. 
 ♪♪ Wait, who are these guys? 
 Whoa. That doesn't look good. 
 Come on. We gotta find out what's going on. 
 ♪♪ 
 The Turk isn't happy. 
 And when The Turk isn't happy, bad things happen. 
 Look, there was just a minor setback with the shipment. 
 It's fixed now. You can tell him we took care of the problem. 
 (MAN): Tell him yourself. 
 (CHUCK): Wait, that's not what we talked about. 
 Things change. Let's go. Wait! 
 (MURMURING): Who's "The Turk"? Is that that drug dealer Danica was telling you about? I don't know. 
 But they're leaving, so we should follow them. 
 Why would we do that? Because maybe they have Tonya. 
 (ENGINE REVVING UP) 
 ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ 
 Come on. 
 Move! 
 ♪♪ 
 (MEN SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY) 
 Do you hear that? (MEN SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY) 
 These voices. 
 We're too far away, we need to get closer. 
 Or now that we know their base of operations, we call Danica, and she can pass it on to Maz. 
 Like the way you're thinking. 
 (CLICK) 
 Oh, boy. 
 He says he's working on it. He says he's working on it? 
 (SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY) Boss, we got a situation here. 
 Clearly in the middle of something here, right? So... 
 You OK, Boss? Want me to take care of these two? 
 (CHUCK): Hey, they were on my boat yesterday. 
 Yo, Turk, you want to chime in here? 
 Would you put those guns away, please? 
 These two happen to be associates of mine. 
 I had a mind to go tell 'em to check out your two-bit operation 'cause I got a little worried about it. 
 Turns I had good reason 'cause the delivery didn't happen yesterday. 
 But they were asking questions about Tonya. 
 Yeah. That was a cover, dumbass. 
 We pretended to be friends with her to get on the ship. 
 Turns out it's your lucky day. Why don't you go tell your boss that I never give anyone second chances. 
 Now, if you'll all excuse me, I wanna talk to my people here. 
 Alright? So get out, please. 
 Get out of here! All of you! 
 Sorry, Marcel, you know I don't make deals. 
 (DOOR OPENING) (MAN): You're driving the car. 
 (DOOR CLOSING) Oh, my God, I wanna throw up. 
 What are you doing here?! Our case crossed wires with yours. Danica told us about the drugs. 
 It was supposed to be classified, Danica! 
 That's what you're worried about right now, protocol? 
 
 
 
 Is this part of the task force? 
 Did you say task force to me? They told you about... 
 Yes, this is all part of the task force, OK? 
 Three weeks ago, we took down the kingpin of a major drug operation. As part of his plea deal, he agreed to vouch for me to take his place. 
 As "The Turk"? Yes, as The Turk. 
 A good nickname, I made it up myself. I'm Turkish, it tracks. 
 OK, fine. So what's the play here? 
 There is no play here! You two get the hell away from here as fast as you can. No, no, no. 
 Our client's fiancée may be involved with Chuck. 
 We could help each other. What's her name? 
 Tonya Gilbourne. I don't know her, OK? 
 Chuck is the only person I know that has direct contact with the people bringing in the drugs. 
 There is a buy set up for tomorrow. 
 It was supposed to be yesterday, but that didn't happen. So please do me a favour and get as far away from this as you can. 
 Maz, we are... Angie! No. Get out. 
 ♪♪ 
 (ANGIE): OK, let's recap. 
 We don't know where Tonya is or what happened to her. 
 And best case scenario is she's part of an international drug-smuggling ring. 
 Have you heard from Randal lately? This morning. 
 He still hasn't heard from her. He's starting to panic. 
 Can't say I blame him. 
 Well, there must be something we're missing. 
 ♪♪ Wait. Go back. 
 That beauty mark, Zoe, can you get Tonya's picture? 
 That's Tonya. In a photograph timestamped 
 7:13 p.m., almost 15 minutes after we left the shore. 
 It was Tonya serving us drinks, we're not crazy. 
 The question is when and how did we lose sight of her? 
 After she served the shots, we saw her argue with Chuck. 
 Who then dragged her downstairs where we assumed she was getting ready for the show. 
 Except Rachael took over. 
 That's where we dropped the ball. 
 Why would you change actors mid-performance? 
 Because she refused to do the dive. 
 Think about it. Randal said that Tonya was into free diving. 
 So? So she's capable of doing deep dives for longer periods of time. 
 Didn't Virgil say that Terrible Tonya always brings up the treasure? 
 The drugs were at the bottom of the lake. 
 Exactly. Another boat drops them off, and they need Tonya to dive down and get them during the performance so as not to arouse suspicion. 
 No ship-to-ship contact. It all fits. 
 The treasure chest didn't make it to the surface on Tuesday, the same day that Turk didn't get his drugs. 
 And he said the deal was going down tonight, which just so happens to be after tonight's show. 
 Call Danica. 
 Straight to voicemail. Alright, text Zoe our theory. 
 She can fill in Danica herself. What are we gonna do? 
 If Tonya's still on that boat, she's in danger. 
 ♪♪ 
 ♪♪ This is my first time as a stowaway. 
 Actually, it's my third, but those stories are best left untold. 
 Check it out. The door's locked. 
 (KNOCKING ON DOOR) Tonya? 
 (GRUNTING) 
 Here. Look out. (GRUNTING WITH EFFORT) 
 (CLANKING) 
 Tonya, thank God! No, it's OK. Randal sent us. 
 We know about the drugs. I had no idea they were smuggling until last week. Why didn't you call the police? 
 I was worried my friends would be implicated, and I wanted to be certain, so I stole some pills and gave them to a pharmacist friend to be tested. 
 When you were at your locker, that's when you got the test results. 
 Right? Yes. 
 And you told Chuck which is why you had the fight. 
 I tried to warn him, but then he told me to go through with the dive and I refused. 
 It's OK, we're gonna get you out of here. 
 What the hell is going on? You're in a lot of trouble. 
 (WOMAN): Actually, I'd say you are. 
 Captain Amy? (AMY SIGHING) 
 You two should have stayed the hell off of my ship. 
 Who are you guys? They work for The Turk. 
 We're here looking for a shipment of pills he never got. 
 I thought you straightened that out. 
 I did. The Turk's being cautious. 
 He sent us down here to question her ourselves. 
 Tie them up. We'll sort this out after her dive. 
 I thought we were waiting for the show tonight. 
 Isn't it too risky? 
 It's already too risky. 
 We're gonna take our chances and pull it up by speedboat. 
 I won't do it! 
 Let me make this as clear as I possibly can. 
 You don't dive, everyone's dead. 
 You, them, and your fiancé. 
 ♪♪ 
 The drugs, they're at the bottom of the lake! 
 What are you talking about? Angie's been trying to call you. It's the Blimey Barnacle. 
 That's how the drugs are getting in. 
 There's a dead drop from an American ship... 
 And the Barnacle picks it up? Yes. 
 (INAUDIBLE) 
 Making a big mistake, man. The Turk's gonna be pissed. 
 Oh, shut up. 
 If you'll let us go, we'll put in a good word. 
 I'll take my chances. (FOOTSTEPS) 
 Are we happy? 
 X marks the spot. 
 It's time to go see The Turk. 
 He's not expecting us 'til tonight. 
 Change of plans. We're moving on. Destroy any evidence that we were here. I hope you got your bags packed. 
 What about these two? Leave 'em here. 
 I'm gonna give The Turk a little test. 
 If he passes, we'll let 'em go. 
 And if he doesn't? If I were you, I'd pray that doesn't happen. 
 Let's go. Bring her. 
 What do you think she meant, "a test"? 
 I don't know, but it can't be good. 
 If they're arriving early, Maz isn't gonna have any backup. 
 We gotta get out of here. Yeah? How exactly? 
 Can you get your feet to the floor? 
 Maybe. (BOTH GRUNTING) 
 OK. We gotta stand up together. Ready? 
 Yeah. One, two, three. 
 Ugh! OK. 
 Alright. Oh. No, no, no. Wait, hold on. 
 Yeah. Here. 
 Hold on. Can you untie my hands? 
 I can't see it. 
 Here, how is that? 
 Just stay still. 
 There you go. Alright. 
 Got it? Yeah. 
 (GRUNTING) 
 Suck in. Ah... 
 ♪♪ 
 Come on! 
 The marine unit confirmed it. 
 Each day before the Blimey Barnacle set sail, another ship from Rochester stops in the exact same spot. 
 That can't be a coincidence. (CELL PHONE RINGING) 
 It's Angie. 
 [Hey.] 
 Did you talk to Danica? [Yeah, ] 
 [and I'm with her and Carson.] Put them on. 
 This is Inspector Carson. 
 You need to get in touch with Maz right now. 
 I can't. He's deep undercover, and he contacts us. 
 Are you guys set up at The Turk's warehouse? 
 How did you know that? [That's not important.] 
 What's important is that you get everybody down there now. 
 The leader of the smuggling ring is a woman, Amy Pantalone. 
 She's on her way to meet Maz. We're on our way to intercept. 
 You will do no such thing. I am not putting months of task force work at risk on the basis of your hunch. 
 It's not a hunch. Unless you want another dead cop on your hands, I suggest you call Maz. 
 (BEEP) 
 They're not gonna make it there in time. 
 We will. What are we supposed to do? 
 Stall. 
 (DOOR OPENING) 
 Who the hell are you? They call me Captain Amy. 
 Hahaha! Oh, yeah? 
 Ah, you're the brains of this whole operation? 
 It's nice to finally meet you. Yeah, yeah, sure. Likewise. 
 You brought friends. Tell me, do any of you perchance have a watch that works or, uh...? 
 Change of plan. Since when? 
 Since your associates showed up on my ship. 
 Wha... 
 Where are they? They're fine. 
 For now. 
 And that's the product? 
 Yeah. But first... 
 What the hell is this? It's a test. 
 Tonya here is the reason for the delay. 
 If you are who you say you are, you'll have no problem shooting her. 
 I don't know what you heard, but that's not really the way I do business. 
 I don't remember offering you a choice. 
 Pick up the gun. 
 OK. 
 (TONYA GASPING) 
 It's nothing personal. Please don't. Please don't. 
 Don't shoot. Please. 
 Please don't shoot. Please don't shoot. 
 (TRIGGER CLICKING) 
 That's too bad. 
 I really hoped this relationship was gonna work out. 
 Sorry to interrupt! Um... 
 I just realized I left my wallet in your office, Turk. 
 So, uh, don't mind me, I'm just gonna run in there and grab it. 
 Not another step! Where's your partner? 
 Right here, Captain. 
 Drop the weapon! 
 (LAUGHING) 
 Come on, are you serious? That's a flare gun. 
 Go ahead and shoot. If you say so. 
 What are you gonna do now? 
 Who me? Oh, nothing. 
 It's them I'd worry about. 
 Police! Get down on your knees! Hands above your head! 
 (SIREN BLARING) Clear! 
 (INDISTINCT POLICE RADIO) Alright, cuff 'em. 
 Office is clear. The gallery's secure. 
 Start with her. ♪♪ 
 Hands behind your back. Check under the jewels. 
 (SIREN BLARING) 
 Check Matey. Yeah, 'cause of the pirates. 
 Right, I got it. That's good. 
 Quite a bust, my friend. Congratulations! 
 Thanks. The only downside is now I owe you two speedbumps a huge favour. 
 Congratulations, Maz. It's a real career maker. 
 Are you... What is that? I'm... 
 Yeah. Great. Thanks, Powers. 
 I only hope Inspector Carson agrees with you. 
 Speaking of Carson, Sunshine express 12 o'clock. 
 Mazhari... Inspector. 
 Please explain to me how these two civilians got mixed up in this top-secret police operation. 
 These two risked their necks to save my life and take down one of the city's worst drug dealers, Inspector. 
 What did you do today? 
 What? 
 I realized instantly that that last part was over the line, and I sincerely apologize. 
 Nice work, Mazhari. Thank you. 
 You too, Wonder Twins. 
 ♪ In the eyes ♪ 
 ♪ Emotion ♪ Oh! Hey. 
 Are you going on a trip? Now that I made my statements to the police, I'm a free woman. 
 So, we are going to Thailand. It's long overdue. 
 Ah, you guys are gonna love it there. 
 We just wanted to thank you for not giving up on me. 
 And for your faith in true love. 
 Oh! Uh... 
 Thanks. 
 You know, a wise man once told me, "If you're lucky enough to find someone you can trust, hold on tight." 
 That was Dr. Destin's thought of the day yesterday on 106 FM. 
 It still fits. 
 Well, thank you again for everything. 
 Safe trip, guys. (INDISTINCT SONG PLAYING) 
 You think they're gonna make it? 
 Yeah, I do. 
 I guess true love does conquer all. 
 Speaking of which, what did you do about Jules? 
 Well, I'm actually gonna let her do the show. 
 Ahh... I knew you'd come around. 
 Welcome to come if you like. I'd love to, but Tex is on his way over. 
 Alright. 
 Tell her I said good luck. Sure will. 
 See you tomorrow, partner. 
 Yeah. ♪ Stay ♪ 
 (HOUSE MUSIC) 
 (INDISTINCT SONG PLAYING) 
 (CHEERING) How's everybody doing tonight? 
 Now, I know you guys like to keep things fresh, so I brought a little friend tonight. Give some love to Jules! 
 (CROWD CHEERING) 
 ♪♪ (MAN): We love you! 
 (CROWD CHEERING) 
 (MAN): Let's hear it now, Jules! 
 ♪ Do it, the things I do the things I do ♪ 
 ♪ Can't I do the things I do ♪ 
 ♪ Can't I do the things I do ♪ 
 ♪ Can't I do the things I do ♪ 
 ♪ Can't I do the things I do ♪ 
 ♪ I do, I do, I do, I do, I do ♪ 
 ♪ I do, I do, I do, I do ♪ 
 ♪♪ 
 ♪ Ooh ooh, hey ♪ 
 (CROWD CHEERING) 
 ♪♪ 
 ♪ Can't I do the things I do ♪ What's that? 
 It's nothing. ♪ Can't I do ♪ 
 ♪ The things I do ♪ 
 ♪ Can't I do the things I do ♪ 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 