Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x05 - Friends & Lovers - CSI: Crime Scene Investigation 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x05 - Friends & Lovers https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=34&t=13187 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 11/17/00 18:43 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x05 - Friends & Lovers 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 COLD OPEN: 
 [EXT. LAS VEGAS CITY (STOCK) - NIGHT] 
 [EXT. VARIOUS DESERT (STOCK)- NIGHT] 
 CUT TO: 
 
[EXT. DESERT - NIGHT] (A naked man runs in the desert. He looks desperately behind him as he runs away from something.) (He runs and runs and runs.) CUT TO: (The camera shutter clicks as WARRICK takes a photo of the crime scene. In front of him, GRISSOM kneels over the body while NICK stands behind him watching.) Grissom : Maggots. This kid's been here awhile.  (GRISSOM turns the body over to its side. WARRICK continues to photograph the body.) Grissom : No gunshot wounds. No stab marks. No signs of strangulation. Warrick : It's a long way out in the sticks just to drop dead. (GRISSOM stands up and looks around.) Grissom : (sighs) Not if you're being chased.  (GRISSOM starts to walk around to look at the ground around the body.) Grissom : Look at the foot patterns leading up to the body. See the strides? This kid was running.  (GRISSOM kneels down by a footprint impression in the dirt.) Grissom : See the left foot impression? It's straight; that's normal.  (GRISSOM looks at the next print.) Grissom : But look at the right foot impression. It's turned outward. Almost 
90 degrees. Warrick : He was looking over his shoulder when he was running. Think there was somebody else here? Grissom : Based on these prints, it's hard to tell. Warrick : (to the OFFICER) Can I get this taped off here? Officer : Yes, sir. (GRISSOM kneels down back at the body and looks at it again.) Warrick : So you want to call it? How do you think he died? Grissom : Fear. (beat) Someone chased this kid to death. HARD CUT TO: END OF TEASER ROLL TITLE CREDITS (COMMERCIAL BREAK) FADE IN. (GRISSOM'S working in his darkened office. He adjusts the overhead lamp, then writes something down. He's working on an experiment. He as a pan with a piece of paper in some kind of liquid with the different colored light above it.) (He again adjusts the light and checks the meter reading.) (GRISSOM'S phone rings. He answers it.) Grissom : (to phone) Grissom. (pause) No. (pause) No, yes, I did. Thank you. (GRISSOM hangs the phone up and puts it down on the table beside him. He goes back to his experiment.) (Someone knocks on the door lightly and it opens. CATHERINE and WARRICK walks in. They glance around in the darkened office looking for GRISSOM.) Catherine : Hey, you want to give us our assignments or do you want us to take... the night off? (GRISSOM adjusts the light again.) Grissom : (irritated) Paperwork, paper clips, paper-punchers -- all these people want me to do is push paper; nobody wants me to solve crimes. Catherine : Hey, (shrugs) ... you could've turned the job down. Grissom : Yeah, the grass is always greener, Catherine. (GRISSOM adjusts the light again, not making a move to get up.) (CATHERINE waits a moment, then reaches out to help him.) Catherine : Well let's just hurry this up. (She grabs the lamp and pulls it down into the pan below. It immediately catches fire.) (GRISSOM sighs.) Warrick : Cool. Catherine : You really want to see flash paper flash? Walk in on a bookie. Grissom : That's what this was about-- bookies. (GRISSOM'S phone rings again. CATHERINE turns and walks over to GRISSOM'S desk.) Catherine : Don't answer it.  (She grabs the assignment sheets off of the desk and hands them to GRISSOM.) Catherine : We've got work to do ... boss. (The phone continues to ring. GRISSOM grabs the assignments from CATHERINE and follows them out of the office. He hangs the phone up and tosses it on the table as he leaves.) CUT TO: (Walking through the hallway, GRISSOM hands out the assignments.) Grissom : Warrick, you and I are on the four-nineteen -- our dead body in the desert.  (GRISSOM hands the assignment sheet to WARRICK. He takes it.) Grissom : Sara, dead body of your own. Dumpsite out near Henderson. (SARA takes the assignment sheet from GRISSOM and looks at it.) Sara : Oh, I'll dress down. Grissom : Catherine, Verbum Dei Charter School. Four-twenty homicide. The school dean was killed in his office. Suspect called it in; could be self-defense. (CATHERINE takes the sheet. She and SARA continue down one hallway, while GRISSOM stops at the intersection.) Catherine : Did some kid off him with a silver spoon? Grissom : (calls back) Suspect's not a kid. It's the woman who founded the school. Take Nicky with you. Catherine : Where is he? (NICK rushes out from the room and into the hallway. He catches up with CATHERINE and SARA.) Nick : Here I am. Catherine : You're coming with me. (CATHERINE holds out the assignment sheet to NICK. He grabs it and looks at it.) Sara : Glad you could make it. (NICK stares at SARA. SARA grins back at NICK.) Sara : I'm outta here. Good luck tonight, you guys. NICK See you. CUT TO: (DR. JENNA WILLIAMS goes over the boy's body with GRISSOM and WARRICK.) Warrick : Can't make a ruling? Look at the bruise marks on John Doe here. I call that suffocation. Dr. Jenna Williams : Not necessarily. It could be the result of his face impacting the ground at expiration. Warrick : I'm going to take a mouth swab. Dr. Jenna Williams : Go ahead. Grissom, I have something to show you.  (DR. WILLIAMS leads GRISSOM to the counter off to the side of the room.) Dr. Jenna Williams : You know, when a kid this young drops dead smart money chases anesthetics, alcohol methanol, maybe even a little freon.  (WARRICK takes the swab sample of the mouth.) Dr. Jenna Williams : I got to be honest. I've had a lot of dead bodies from the desert and when they're out there too long the elements tend to eat away the evidence. My opinion is ... (she gestures down at the body) ... you are looking at the picture of health, internally. Externally, it's another matter. (She motions to the scope on the counter.) Dr. Jenna Williams : Skin sample. (GRISSOM looks through the scope.) [SCOPE VIEW of the skin.] Grissom : (o.s.) This kid was dry as a bone. (He straightens and looks at DR. WILLIAMS.) Grissom : From exposure? Dr. Jenna Williams : Skin's not consistent with elemental damage. (stumped) 
Warrick told me what you said about the cause of death being fear. I never read about that in any medical book. Grissom : Try the Forensic Medical Journal. Read the four canons on the cause of death: Homicide, suicide, natural and unexplained. Talks about fear in the last part of "unexplained." Dr. Jenna Williams : (to WARRICK) I had to ask. Grissom : You want to know what killed this kid? Benihana the maggots. Warrick : What the maggots? Grissom : Tox the maggots we found on the victim. Whatever he ingested has probably evaporated from the sun. But the maggots are like little refrigerators. They preserve what we digest for longer periods of time. Warrick : Entomology is our friend. Grissom : Yes. CUT TO: (Extreme close up of a maggot in the grip of a forceps. Camera refocuses and we see WARRICK is staring at the maggot.)  Warrick : (to the maggot) Sorry, little buddy.  (WARRICK puts the maggot down on the table. He holds out his hand like a surgeon about to perform surgery.) Warrick : Scalpel. (GREG sits in the chair next to him and hands WARRICK the scalpel.) Greg Sanders : My name is Paul and this is between y'all. Warrick : Talk about pulp fiction.  (WARRICK chops the little maggot into maggot pieces and puts it in the mortar. He steps aside and motions to GREG.) Warrick : It's all yours, doc.  (GREG stands and smashes the maggot pieces into maggot mush.) Warrick : Fire up that gas chromatograph mass spectrometer thing, will you? Greg Sanders : No problem, son.  (GREG takes a sample and tests it.) Greg Sanders : Fifteen seconds till pay dirt. Warrick : Cool. Greg Sanders : Play any pigskin, man? Warrick : No, I'm off that.  Greg Sanders : It's prime time for you. Warrick : I haven't made a bet in a month. I can't say I don't have that itch, though. (The machine beeps and the results print out. GREG grabs it and looks it over.) Greg Sanders : Hmm. Haven't seen this stuff for a while. Grissom : What's that? Greg Sanders : Jimsonweed. CUT TO: 
[EXT. VARIOUS LAS VEGAS CITY (STOCK) - NIGHT] (SARA walks up into the alley past the coroner's van. She walks up to the DETECTIVE on the case and puts her kit down on the ground.) Sara : (motions to the dumpster) Do you have a name? Det. Evans : She's not exactly carrying a purse. (He helps SARA step up to the dumpster. SARA looks inside and sees the woman's body wrapped in plastic. She snaps some photos.) Sara : Oh ... (camera shutter clicking) okay, let's take her out.  (DETECTIVE EVANS helps SARA down.) Sara : Thanks. Officers : Sure. (The CORONER'S wheel in a gurney.) CUT TO: (SARA removes the plastic from the woman's face. She presses her index finger into the woman's cheek and looks at the stuff on her finger.) (Camera zooms in for an extreme close up to show the clear gell-like substance.) Sara : That's strange. Det. Evans : What's that? Sara : Glazed like a doughnut. (SARA turns to look at the body.) CUT TO: (DAVID PHILLIPS explains the findings to SARA as they walk into the autopsy area.) David Phillips : Well, here's the reason the skin was funny. Sara : Formaldehyde, right? David Phillips : Close. Biotone arterial. Promotes high diffusion and fast drainage in skin tissue. Sara : So I was right. This woman's been embalmed. (SARA takes the seat in front of the monitor.) David Phillips : Yeah. Yeah, I already ran her prints through work here. Got an I.D. right here. (SARA works on the computer and the computer beeps.) David Phillips : (flusters) I, uh, I just want to say I-I ... well, I really admire the gusto with which you approach your job. (DAVID walks around and stands in front of SARA. He smiles.) Sara : (glances from the monitor to DAVID) Are you hitting on me, David? David Phillips : Uh ... (DAVID smiles and looks down at his shoes bashfully. SARA is flattered.) Sara : Let me give you some friendly advice. If you want to pull chicks, you've got to get aggressive. You've gotta drop the glasses, lose the coat grow some scruff.  (DAVID appears quietly dejected at the advice.) Sara : (smiles) You do get a "C" for cute, though. (DAVID glances back up at SARA, sees her smile and smiles back at her.) (SARA turns back to the computer. The ID information appears on the monitor.) Sara : (reading) "Stephanie Reyes was laid to rest at Desert Haven Funeral Home." Her funeral was last week. CUT TO: 
[EXT. VERBUM DEI CHARTER SCHOOL - NIGHT] (CATHERINE and NICK enter into DEAN VERNON WOOD'S office. DET. KANE stands inside the room taking notes.) Catherine : Hi. Det. Kane : Hey. Catherine : What do you got? (DET. KANE looks at his notes.) Det. Kane : Vernon Woods, Dean of the school. Forty-nine, single. Multiple blunt-force trauma wounds to the head. Catherine : With that, probably. (Next to the body is a bloodied object.) Nick : I got it. Man, check out all that blood spatter. (Camera pans around the room to show the bloodied walls. The camera also lingers on the blood spatter across a Teacher's award.) Catherine : Yeah. Blows to the head, up close and personal. A lot of passion around this one. (to the DETECTIVE) How about the suspect? Det. Kane : Kate Armstrong. Founded the school. She called 9-1-1 herself. She says he attacked her. She's out in the hallway. (CATHERINE steps out of the room. NICK continues to take pictures.) CUT TO: (CATHERINE interviews KATE ARMSTRONG.) Kate Armstrong : He wouldn't let go of me. He kept pawing. I can still smell his aftershave. (sobbing) I mean ... it's all a blur. I grabbed the closest thing I could and I hit him with it. Catherine : A rock? Kate Armstrong : I don't know what it was. I didn't care. I just wanted him off of me. Catherine : How many times did you hit him? Kate Armstrong : Once. (Quick flashback to: Inside Dean VERNON WOODS' office, he has KATE ARMSTRONG in his arms. She struggles against him.) Vernon Woods : What's the matter? Come on. No one's going to hear. Everyone's in class. Where's the harm? (KATE looks down on the desk and grabs the rock.) Kate Armstrong : I said get off of me! (She hits him on the forehead and he lets her go.) (End of flashback. Resume to present.) Catherine : Miss Armstrong ... were you and the Dean having a personal relationship? Kate Armstrong : No. No. Vernon's a pig. Catherine : Then why did you hire him? You founded the school. It's your integrity on the line. Kate Armstrong : He's great at raising money. His donor list is huge. I didn't mean to kill him. (sniffling) I just wanted him to leave me alone. Catherine : But you hit him more than once. Kate Armstrong : Who knows. I ... Catherine : Well, you hit a man once, there's no blood. The first hit's free. You hit him more than that ... (clears throat) The walls in his office look like the Dean went a couple rounds with Mike Tyson. Kate Armstrong : Then I hit him more than once. Like I said, I just ... I wanted him off me. Catherine : Will you excuse me? Officer. Thanks. (CATHERINE steps away and motions for the OFFICER. She meets up with NICK at the end of the hallway.) Nick : What did you find out? Catherine : Heavy on B.S., zippo on truth. Nick : You don't seem too bummed about it. Catherine : Hell, no. I'm stoked. (sotto voce) We drew the best case, Nicky. I can feel it. Nick : Mm-hmm. Then there's only one thing left to do.  Catherine : String it. Nick : String it. CUT TO: (BOBBY TAYLOR looks from BRASS to GRISSOM.) Bobby Taylor : I've never filed a missing person's report before but I'm getting concerned about Eric. Brass : Where was the last place you saw your friend? Bobby Taylor : After work, we went out. (BOBBY absently scratches his right arm near the elbow and through his shirt.) Brass : You two work together? Bobby Taylor : No. A few blocks apart. I'm over at Voosh's, you know? Voosh's fireworks. And he's at Element Sound, the music store. Brass : You guys go into the desert? Bobby Taylor : Yeah. A party out near red rock. How did you know? Brass : You just told us. (BOBBY'S impressed. He chuckles.) Brass : So spill it. (BOBBY absently scratches his arm and tries to remember what they did.) Bobby Taylor : We, uh, drank a couple beers hung out, and ... then I just lost track of him around midnight and I haven't seen him since. Grissom : Did you guys drop anything that night? Ecstasy, crystal, "G"? Bobby Taylor : No. No way. Look, do you ... do you know where Eric is or not? Grissom : Bobby, we found a body that matches your description of Eric. Would you be willing to identify him? CUT TO: (GRISSOM lifts the sheet off of ERIC BERKELEY'S body) Grissom : Is this your friend? (Standing quite a distance away, BOBBY glances up, recognizes his friend and starts to cry.) Bobby Taylor : (sniffs) Oh, god ... what happened to you, Eric? Oh, god ... (GRISSOM watches, not unaffected by the young man.) (There's a light knock at the door. WARRICK pushes the door open and signals GRISSOM with a file folder in his hand.) Warrick : Hey, boss, I got something for you.  (GRISSOM walks over to the door, leaving BOBBY with ERIC.) Warrick : (sotto voce) I did the whole tox-the-maggots thing like you said. Found jimsonweed in their blood. (GRISSOM nods.) Grissom : Which means? Warrick : Jimsonweed in Eric's blood. Grissom : Jimson Weed. "dry as a bone, red as a beet blind as a bat, mad as a hatter." Warrick : Really? Cite your sources. Grissom : (shrugs and shakes his head) Internet insomnia. Warrick : I thought Brass just said that they weren't doing any drugs. (GRISSOM gives WARRICK a look.) Warrick : (nods) Yeah. (They both turn to look back at BOBBY who's still crying over ERIC.) FADE TO BLACK. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) FADE IN. (NICK is inside DEAN VERNON WOODS' office, pulling the first string across the office from the body to the blood spatter.) (Dissolve to: NICK reaches the wall and has the first string completely up. He steps back away from the wall.) (Cut to: Several strings are completed. NICK works his way to the wall.) (Dissolve to: NICK crawls under the string already hanging and ties the new string to the lamp.) (Cut to: Camera starts on several pink colored string already up. NICK is at the wall working.) (Cut to: NICK continues to lay out the string. Dissolve to: NICK working his way to the wall, crawling under the string already set up.) (He stands up and looks around. He lifts the micro-cassette tape recorder and starts to dictate his notes.) Nick : (to tape) Blood spatter on northwest wall. Blood sprays northeast corner above ... (NICK looks around. The door opens and CATHERINE walks into the office.) Catherine : Wow.  (NICK nods to CATHERINE as she closes the door.) Catherine : Now, there's a look I like to see-- confusion. (NICK chuckles.) Nick : No, I'm not confused. X marks the spot. A blow here ... here ... and here. Our dean received the majority of blows when he was on the ground. Catherine : Cast-off from the weapon against the window. Nick : Mm-hmm. Catherine : The back wall ... void... against the back wall.  (CATHERINE points out the obvious empty spot on the wall to NICK. She looks down.) Catherine : The floor under the body? Nick : The blood spatter has a void instead of one continuous line of spray. Catherine : There's an interruption -- a space where something or someone comes between the blood coming off the body and the wall. Nick : Which means our assailant was here and ... there was somebody else in this room. Catherine : Kate Armstrong is lying. CUT TO: (GRISSOM and WARRICK are with BOBBY TAYLOR in the break room. WARRICK puts a glass of juice on the table in front of BOBBY TAYLOR.)  Warrick : Fruit juice, half ice. Grissom : Thanks, Warrick. Bobby Taylor : The guy said it was natural -- that it wasn't a drug. I mean, jimsonweed is a plant. Grissom : Most drugs derive from plants. That doesn't make them safe. Warrick : Or legal, for that matter. Bobby Taylor : Yeah, but he said it was safe. That's why we bought it. (WARRICK sits down.) Warrick : Did you take the drug, too? Bobby Taylor : Yeah. We both did. You drink it. It's a tea. Grissom : Who sold you this "tea"? Bobby Taylor : He didn't give a name. He just ... he told us that j-weed would be a cool high. Mind-expanding. I mean, that's the whole point of a rave is to experiment. Warrick : Did you get a stamp when you got in? Bobby Taylor : Yeah. But that was, like, four days ago. Warrick : Well, mostly they use water-resistant pads so you don't sweat it off. Could you hit the lights, Gris? (WARRICK reaches for his kit and takes out a light. GRISSOM turns out the top lights.) Warrick : (to BOBBY) Where did they stamp you?  (BOBBY holds out his wrist, palm up and pushes his watch further up his arm. WARRICK turns on the black light. The stamp is still visible.) Warrick : Yeah, that's DJ Masterband's stamp. He is the spinner in Vegas right now. Must have been playing at the rave these two were at. (WARRICK turns off his hand light. GRISSOM turns on the top light.) Grissom : Is there any way for us to track this, uh, DJ person? Warrick : The free papers, yeah. They have ads for all sorts of raves. Grissom : Bobby? Would you be able to recognize the guy who sold you the Jimson? Bobby Taylor : (nods) Definitely. CUT TO: (SARA walks with RANDY GESEK, the funeral director, across the lawn to Stephanie Reyes' grave.) Randy Gesek : No one in the mortuary business likes to discuss the issue, but it does exist: People rob graves. Sara : (laughs) Are you telling me that someone dug up Stephanie Reyes and stole her body? Randy Gesek : They do it for gold, trinkets or just kicks. You should hear what I hear at conventions. (She chuckles.) Sara : Did you report the robbery of Mrs. Reyes' remains to the police? Randy Gesek : As I say, we try not to discuss the issue outside of the community. Sara : Profits over people, is that it? Randy Gesek : I wouldn't put it like that. SHORT TIME CUT TO: (The backhoe works on digging the grave. SARA looks down at the hole in the ground.) Sara : Eight feet. How deep do you bury these caskets? Randy Gesek : Well ...  Sara : There's nothing else in there. I thought you said grave robbers only stole bodies. Randy Gesek : This might have been an inlaid casket -- something of value that people would steal. (SARA thinks about this for a moment.) Sara : You sell caskets, right? As part of your mortuary service? I want to see some. Randy Gesek : (nods) I can arrange a viewing. Sara : (smiles) Bonus. CUT TO: (GRISSOM is in the break room busy grounding something up in a large mortar. WARRICK walks into the room carrying a file. GRISSOM pours the grounds into a glass teapot as he listens to WARRICK'S report.) Warrick : Gris, I got the prelims back on that swab I took off of our desert guy. Products trapped in nasal hairs. Grissom : And? ... Warrick : Products found in mouth and nose: Mentholated nose spray, patchouli and aluminum. Grissom : Nose spray? He had a cold. Warrick : Patchouli -- they burn it at music stores. Grissom : Aluminum's the odd man out. (GRISSOM pours the hot water into the tea pot.) Warrick : Yeah. I got trace putting together a list of products made with the stuff. Something tells me that's not lemonade. Grissom : Jimson tea. I like to see what I'm dealing with. (beat) Doesn't look lethal, does it? Warrick : Doesn't look like tea, either. Grissom : You know what the japanese tea ceremony signifies? Warrick : What's that? Grissom : That every human encounter is a singular occasion which can never recur again in exactly the same way. Warrick : Does that apply to our case? (GRISSOM pours some of the tea into a glass cup/container. He looks at it.) Grissom : Everything applies, Warrick. That's the beauty part. (GRISSOM smells the tea like a connoisseur.) Warrick : Cheers. CUT TO: (CATHERINE, NICK and DET. KANE interview KATE ARMSTRONG.) Kate Armstrong : All right, it's true. Someone else was there. Det. Kane : The name would be nice. Kate Armstrong : She's a friend on the faculty but she had nothing to do with this. Catherine : The blood evidence is telling us otherwise. Nick : Look, homicide will give us her name if you won't. There are detectives, and your school's not that big. Kate Armstrong : Julia Eastman. But she was doing me a favor. She was just at the wrong place at the wrong time. (KATE walks away from them.) CUT TO: (CATHERINE and NICK interview JULIA EASTMAN.) Julia Eastman : We kind of made a plan so that the next time Woods hit on her she'd have a witness. You know, because of the harassment. Catherine : And when you were playing witness where were you standing? Julia Eastman : At the doorway. Catherine : You're sure? Julia Eastman : (nods) Yeah. (Quick flashback to: Inside Dean VERNON WOODS' office, KATE ARMSTRONG struggles to get out of VERNON WOODS' embrace.) Vernon Woods : I know you want it, you... (KATE grabs the rock off of the desk and hits VERNON WOODS across the forehead. He lets her go and steps backward.) (Blood spatters across the window.) (JULIA EASTMAN opens the office door and sees KATE ARMSTRONG with the rock in her hand. VERNON WOODS is still on his feet and takes a step toward KATE.) Julia Eastman : Kate, no! Vernon Woods : Why, you ...  (She swings again and hits VERNON WOODS. He falls to the floor with a thud. KATE continues to hit VERNON WOODS. Blood spatters across the wall and onto JULIA EASTMAN standing against the wall. She gasps and glances down at the blood on her.) (End of flashback. Resume to present.) Nick : We're forensic scientists, Julia. Blood talks to us. People exaggerate or forget. Blood's like my grandfather. Never lies. (NICK opens the laptop on the table. CATHERINE stands up and moves around the table to stand next to NICK.) Catherine : Nick reenacted the crime using blood spatter. Nick : No, I just strung it. (to CATHERINE) Thank you, anyway. (beat) No, the computer gizmo does all the geometry.  (NICK starts the program. The computer beeps.) Nick : You factor in the location of the body in relation to the blood on the wall in order to recreate the event. Each hit that drew blood gets its own unique color as he fell. See? Nick : (points to screen) Dean woods was not in a standing position when he was killed. He was on the floor. (beat) So how could your friend Kate, who's roughly half his size, wrestle him to the ground and keep him there while she bludgeoned him to death? Without help? Julia Eastman : I don't know. Nick : Hmm. Julia Eastman : Could we take a break? I need a break. (JULIA turns to look at CATHERINE.) Catherine : Sure. CUT TO: (Loud Dance Music plays. Kids dance. The party is starting and the cars are gathering.) (Dissolve to: A large butterfly insignia/image on the top of the dance floor. The Rave is starting to pick up.) (At the entrance, the group pays for their tickets.) Bobby Taylor : (to TICKET MAN) Three. (to WARRICK & GRISSOM) It's gonna be 
$20 each. (GRISSOM reaches into his pocket and pays the ticket price.) Bobby Taylor : There. Ticket Man : Thanks, man. (They each get their stamp on their hands and slowly enter the party area. The STAMP MAN waves them inside.) Stamp Man : Come on. STAMP MAN: Go in. You're good. STAMP MAN: Let's go. (BOBBY leads the CSIs into the party. He looks around for the guy who sold them the drug. GRISSOM looks around.) Grissom : Teenage wasteland. Warrick : (turns around) Who? Grissom : Yeah. (A RAVE GIRL walks up to GRISSOM.) Rave Girl : Hi! Grissom : Hi. (She motions him closer. She puts her arms around him and tells him.) Rave Girl : (smiles) I love you. (She gives GRISSOM a hug.) (GRISSOM laughs nervously.) Grissom : Uh, thank you. You're a total stranger to me. (The RAVE GIRL doesn't care, she's in her own little world. WARRICK takes pity on GRISSOM and explains.) Warrick : It's ecstasy. It makes everyone fall in love.  (WARRICK pulls the RAVE GIRL off of GRISSOM.) Warrick : Don't take it personally, miss. He's kind of married to his job. (She kisses her fingertips and waves GRISSOM bye. GRISSOM grins and waves back. The RAVE GIRL sees another woman at the party and turns her attentions to her.) Rave Girl : (smiles) I love you. (The two women embrace.) (GRISSOM watches them with a smile on his face. The two women walk off. GRISSOM stares at the women.) (WARRICK watches GRISSOM for a moment, then grabs him and leads him away.) Warrick : Come on. Let's go. (BRASS walks around the party. BOBBY TAYLOR continues to scan the party area for the drug dealer.) (Off to the side near the cars, he spots him.) Bobby Taylor : That's him, there! That's the dealer! (BOBBY tears off toward the drug dealer. WARRICK and GRISSOM rush after him.) Grissom : Bobby, wait! (BRASS hears them.) (BOBBY reaches the drug dealer and tackles him to the ground.) Bobby Taylor : You killed my friend! Grissom : Break it up! Bobby, stop it! (GRISSOM and WARRICK pull BOBBY off of the drug dealer.) (BRASS and another OFFICER reach them.) (GRISSOM holds BOBBY off to the side. BOBBY brushes GRISSOM'S hands off of the arm that he's holding.) Bobby : Ow!  (BOBBY stares at the drug dealer.) SHORT TIME CUT TO: Ethan : What do you guys think you got on me? Grissom : Selling jimsonweed to kids. Ethan : Do you see any j-weed on me? Grissom : You sent, uh, Bobby over here and his friend on quite a trip the other night. Ethan : Which trip was that? The one to San Diego or the one to Mars? BRASS; To the impound, where your car is going. Probable cause. Ethan : You don't have to take my car to the impound, okay? You can search it. But I got news for you. Jimson's a schedule one controlled substance. Mandatory suspended sentence the first go-round for possession. And you can't even prove that much. Brass : Guy knows a lot about the Nevada State Penal Code. Grissom : Well, if you're gonna break the law, Jim you've gotta know the law. Ethan : Exactly. (He holds out the car keys to GRISSOM.) Just don't scratch my puppy. (GRISSOM takes the keys to search the car.) (Cut to: The party raves on. GRISSOM takes out his flashlight and looks around the front driver's side seat. He looks around the dash, in the cup holders. He checks out the seat cushions.) (He looks on the floor. There, he finds the seeds. He reaches into his kit to take a sample. GRISSOM looks pleased.) (Holding the sample in his hand, GRISSOM turns back to ETHAN.) Grissom : What do you say, Ethan? These seeds look familiar? Ethan : (laughs) You just fish these out of your undies? Look, man, if you want to take me in take me in. I'll be back before the party's over. Grissom : 'Cause you know the law, don't you, Ethan? "Mandatory suspended sentence for first possession." Yeah? Ethan : Exactly. Grissom : Let me tell you something, Humbert. You're twice the age of these kids and most of them couldn't find their ass with a map. You prey on innocent children concocting god-knows-what from god-knows-where selling Russian roulette in a bottle and you think we came all the way out here to bust you for "possession", you dumb punk? (beat) I'm gonna get you for murder.  (ETHAN looks back at GRISSOM, surprised.)  Grissom : Cool. FADE TO BACK. 
 
 (COMMERCIAL BREAK) FADE IN. (GRISSOM and WARRICK are back in the autopsy room going over new findings with DR. WILLIAMS.) Grissom : This Ethan was selling jimsonweed tea at the desert rave. I believe Eric drank the most toxic part -- the dregs, the bottom of the batch the part that's full of seeds. Dr. Jenna Williams : Well, if that's true ... (Quick CGI to: Camera starts traveling down ERIC'S open mouth and down his throat, all the way to the intestinal tract where it stops on two small seeds.) Dr. Jenna Williams : (V.O.) ... then we might be able to catch up with some of those seeds because they have a way of hanging around the lower intestinal tract.  (End of CGI. Resume on a pair of forceps picking out the seeds.) Dr. Jenna Williams : And the last ones to leave the party ... would be ... right about ... here.  (She pulls out the small seed.) Dr. Jenna Williams : Jimson reduced his gastric motility which kept this in his system. Warrick : Now we just tie that to the dealer. GRISSOM Well, we see if it ties to the dealer. Warrick : That's not what you were saying out at that rave all up in that guy's face. Grissom : There's three things I got a real problem with: Guys that hit their wives, sexual assault on children and the scum that deal death to kids. CUT TO: (In the lab, WARRICK, GRISSOM and GREG go over the seed analysis.) Warrick : The chemical compositions break down exactly the same. Greg Sanders : Yeah, but that doesn't necessarily prove that the seeds from the dead kid's gut came from the same place as the seeds in the dealer's car. Grissom : We need the pods to do a DNA match and we don't have them. GREG SANDERS; The truth is, it wouldn't matter. I ran the seeds Eric ingested. The toxic levels are low -- too low to have killed him. Warrick : Square one. CUT TO: (SARA stands in the garage next to COLLINS and in front of a bunch of caskets.) Sara : There is no way I'm going to end up in a dumpster wrapped in plastic. I'm going to be cremated -- dust in the wind, you know. I don't want any part of these things. Collins : I've already got mine paid off. Sara : Are you serious? Collins : Yeah. It looks just like this one. (COLLINS walks over to a particular casket.) Sara : How much did it run you? Collins : Ten thou. SARA; $10,000? For a box ... buried in the ground that everyone's only going to see you in once. Collins : I like it. It feels like a caddie. Sara : So when you buy one of these for $10,000, it's yours, right? Collins : Well, of course it is. Sara : No one else gets to use it. Collins : It's built for one. (SARA opens the casket and looks inside. She examines the inside and sees something. She turns around to grab a roller off of the counter. She rolls it on the inside casket lining and comes up with various hair samples.) (Camera zooms in for an extreme close up of the hairs stuck on the roller.) Sara : Then how did all these people get in here? CUT TO: (GRISSOM takes a drink of water. WARRICK sees GRISSOM and approaches him.) Warrick : Thought I'd find you here. Grissom : It's why I live. Warrick : Evidence ... a double-edged sword.  Grissom : Yeah. Nobody wanted to put that pusher in jail more than I did. Evidence sets him free. Warrick : How do you feel about this? Grissom : It doesn't matter how I feel. The evidence only knows one thing: The truth. It is what it is. Warrick : You don't really believe that, do you? Grissom : I was flying to a seminar in New Hampshire a couple summers ago. I was sitting on the plane next to this philosophy professor from Harvard. He told me this story about how, every morning he takes a leak right after his three-hour philosophy class. He'd flush the toilet there'd be this tiny, brown spider fighting for its life against the swirling water. Come back the next day, flush same spider clawing its way back from oblivion. A week goes by, he decides to liberate the spider. Grabs a paper towel, scoops him up sets him on the floor in the corner of the stall. Comes back the next day ... what do you think happened to the spider? Warrick : Dead. Grissom : On his back, eight legs in the air. Why? Because one life imposed itself on another. Right then, I realized where we stand. I understood our role. We don't impose our will on a spider. We don't impose our hopes on the evidence. (WARRICK nods.) (The door opens and ETHAN walks out into the hallway. The lawyer leaves. ETHAN takes his time and gloats his release.) Ethan : (gloating) Twenty, ten, five, boom! Touchdown, baby. What's my name? (ETHAN laughs.) Grissom : You'll be back. Ethan : Oh, really? What, have you got a crystal ball in your pocket or something? Grissom : You're a creature of habit. Warrick : I'll catch you later. (ETHAN laughs.) CUT TO: (The door opens. CATHERINE and NICK exit the building.) Catherine : Okay, so this is what we've got so far on our dead dean. Blood spatter and blood cast-off on the walls. Kate Armstrong's confession, her clothes. Three void areas, and that's pretty much it. Anything else? Nick : That's not enough. It's not enough. What's the one thing we're missing? (CATHERINE stops.) Catherine : That's it. Nick : What's it? Catherine : The one thing we're missing. Nick : (realizing) The blood. Catherine : On Julia's clothes. CUT TO: (NICK closes the door to the room. CATHERINE and NICK both re-interview JULIA EASTMAN.) Catherine : We need the clothes that you were wearing the day that The Dean was killed. Julia Eastman : I burned them. Catherine : Why? Julia Eastman : The blood wouldn't come out. They were ruined. Catherine : Blood's funny that way. In fact, I bet there's lots of blood on Dean Woods' shirt. DISSOLVE TO: (CATHERINE and NICK examine Dean VERNON WOODS' shirt. CATHERINE notices the void.) Catherine : Look at that void. What a beaut. Nick : Oh, yeah. You don't even have to know every star and you can draw a constellation. (Taking a pen, NICK outlines the void.) Nick : And fill in the rest. Whoa, look at that last finger there. Catherine : Talk about your unique attributes. What do you think -- a bandage? Nick : We'll have to ask our ladies, but I can tell you this -- somebody's playing through the pain. CUT TO: (BOBBY TAYLOR is in GRISSOM'S office again.) Grissom : I, uh ... just wanted you to know that Eric didn't die from Jimson tea. It didn't have the chemical toxicity to kill him. The seeds weren't strong enough. (BOBBY quietly listens to GRISSOM. He doesn't say anything. He starts rubbing his arm. GRISSOM notices the movement.) Grissom : Is your arm all right? Bobby Taylor : Yeah, uh, spider bite. I think it's infected. Grissom : May I take a look? Bobby Taylor : Sure. You're a doctor.  (BOBBY undoes the cuff of his shirt.) Bobby Taylor : You might be able to give me something for it. (He pushes his shirt sleeve up above his arm.) Grissom : I'm a PhD, not an M.D. (BOBBY chuckles. GRISSOM looks at the bite on BOBBY'S arm.) Grissom : (grimly) Bobby ... this bite is not from an insect. (BOBBY looks quizzically down at his arm, then back at GRISSOM.) FADE TO BLACK. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) FADE IN. (DR. JENNA WILLIAMS puts her instruments into the cleaning machine and closes the machine door. GRISSOM walks into the room.) Dr. Jenna Williams : Hey. Grissom : Hi.  (DR. WILLIAMS sits down at her desk. GRISSOM leans against it.) Grissom : I found a bite mark on Bobby's arm and I think it might be human. Dr. Jenna Williams : Do you feel like sharing? Grissom : (shakes his head) Not really. Dr. Jenna Williams : Just a little? Grissom : (sighs) I don't know, Jenna. This whole case is going from bad to worse. I mean, usually it's a body, it's a specimen, but when it involves kids, I just can't ... Dr. Jenna Williams : Gruesome Grissom ... Tin Man with a heart ... (beat) ... who knew? (WARRICK walks into the room.) Warrick : Hey, guys. This came back for the test on aluminum products from our kid in the desert. (pauses) Fireworks. Grissom : (whispers) That's where Bobby Taylor works. Jenna, I need a mold of Eric's teeth ... CUT TO: Grissom (With an OFFICER and a lawyer in the room, someone takes an impression on the bite mark on BOBBY'S arm.) CUT TO: (CATHERINE and NICK re-interview both JULIA EASTMAN and KATE ARMSTRONG.) Catherine : Julia, make a fist for me with your right hand. I mean, count it down like so, starting with your thumb first. Five, four, three, two, one. (JULIA stares at them for a moment, then complies. She tries, but she can't bend her pinky finger.) Julia Eastman : I sprained it, at tennis.  (NICK reaches into his shirt pocket and pulls out a finger splint. He tosses it on to the table.) Nick : It heals a lot faster when you wear one of these. (Both JULIA and KATE stares at the item on the table. CATHERINE takes out the shirt and puts it on the table.) Catherine : Dean woods' shirt. (She spreads the shirt out on the table.) Catherine : Now, remember we said blood tells us everything? Well ... so does the absence of blood. (CATHERINE takes the finger splint and puts it on. She puts her hand over the void area on the shirt. It fits in the white area on the shirt.) Kate Armstrong : (gasps) Oh, my god. (Quick flashback to: Inside Dean VERNON WOODS' office, KATE ARMSTRONG swings the rock and hits VERNON WOODS on the forehead. He goes down. She swings the rock back and splatters blood on JULIA EASTMAN. She hits him again and again. Blood spatters everywhere with each successive blow.) (When VERNON WOODS falls to the floor, JULIA EASTMAN puts her hand on his chest to keep him down. KATE ARMSTRONG continues to hit him with the rock.) (End of flashback. Resume to present.) Nick : You held him down ... while she killed him. Catherine : All because the guy was handsy? Seems a little severe. (Neither woman says anything.) Det. Kane : We're going to be placing you under arrest for murder. Is there anything you want to say? (He turns around and opens the door. They remain silent.) (Two male OFFICERS enter the room. The two women stand up and we see that they were holding each other's hands under the table in a tight grip, neither one wanting to let the other go.) (They look at each other.) (The officers take out the handcuffs and put them on.) Officer : Ma'am ... put your hands behind your back, please. (They lead the women out of the room. CATHERINE watches them leave and shakes her head.) Catherine : (quietly) No, no, this isn't over. (They start putting their things away.) Nick : For all forensic purposes, it is over. They're going to eat bread and bang a metal cup against some bars. That's it. It's over for us. Catherine : We still don't know why. Nick : It's not our job to know why. It's our job to know how. You heard Grissom. The more the 'why', the less the 'how', the less the 'how', the more the 'why'. (CATHERINE stands up and turns around to look at NICK.) Catherine : Hey, Nick. Nick : Yeah? Catherine : Grissom's not always right. Do yourself a favor and think for yourself. I mean that as a friend, okay? Okay, detective, we got some more homework to do. (CATHERINE picks up the package and puts it on the table.) CUT TO: (SARA opens the door and leads RANDY GESEK into the garage.) Sara : What are you selling-- time-share coffins? Randy Gesek : Uh, there's no such thing as a time-share coffin. Sara : Sure, there is. Once the funeral is over, you dump the body and use the same casket over and over. Randy Gesek : You can't prove that. Sara : Yes, I can. This is a set of prints on the inside of the plastic sheeting we found in the dumpster. What are the odds they belong to you?  (RANDY GESEK steps forward, shaking his head. He's busted.) Sara : All you had to do was put the bodies back in the grave and no one would have been the wiser. Randy Gesek : You have no idea what a cut-throat business this is. The chains are moving in. I have payments to make. I see the world from a completely different perspective than most people. Sara : Yeah, I know. You see dead people. So do I. And when they turn up in dumpsters, I like to see they get back to where they belong. Randy Gesek : I'll repay the money. Sara : Minimum. Then, you're going to pay for Stephanie Reyes' family to have a real burial. Randy Gesek : Okay. SARA At a respectable mortuary. Randy Gesek : Okay. Sara : Then, we're going to let the D.A. run the table. CUT TO: (DET. KANE fills CATHERINE in on his findings.) Det. Kane : Did some homework on Kate  Catherine : Mm-hmm. Det. Kane : Financial records for the last year. Catherine : Great. Det. Kane : Personal checks from Kate Armstrong to Vernon Woods over the last year. Catherine : $5,000. Another for $5,000. $3,000. "Memo: Loans." I don't think so. I think she was paying him off for something. CUT TO: (Inside the Interview room, DET. KANE presents his findings to KATE ARMSTRONG.) Kate Armstrong : Did Julia say anything? Det. Kate : Like what? The real reason you killed Woods? [OBSERVATION ROOM] (Inside the observation room, CATHERINE and NICK watch DET. KANE with KATE ARMSTRONG.) Catherine : This is where Gris and I differ. Forensics is about more than science. Human behavior. The inconsistencies of human behavior. Yes, "how" is crucially important, but so is "why." [INTERVIEW ROOM] (KATE turns to her lawyer and whispers something to her. The LAWYER nods her head. KATE looks at DET. KANE.) Kate Armstrong : Okay.  (Quick flashback to: Inside Dean VERNON WOODS' office, KATE and JULIA confront him.) Kate Armstrong : I'm finished paying you. We're going to live openly, honestly. Julie Eastman : It's a new century. Parents are "evolved". Vernon Woods : Not where their children are concerned. I'll tell everybody that I caught you two having s*x on school grounds. Kate Armstrong : That's a lie! JULIA EASTMAN: What?! Vernon Woods : Of course it's a lie. That didn't stop the McMartin school from closing down. (The two women look at VERNON WOODS like he's scum.) (He sighs.) 
Yeah, I think I'll make a call. (He turns to get the phone on the counter. JULIA turns to look at KATE. KATE reaches for the rock on the desk. She grabs it, rushes forward and hits him on the back of the head with it.) (End of flashback. Resume to present.) Kate Armstrong : Julia and I would never have survived a rumor like that. We panicked. The school is our whole life. (KATE starts to cry.) [OBSERVATION ROOM] Nick : Hmm. You got your "why." Crime of passion. Catherine : (nods) Bigger "why": Why did it have to come down to this? (Inside the interview room, the officer moves to get KATE ARMSTRONG.) Nick : I guess they didn't feel like they had a choice. Catherine : Maybe they didn't. (Inside the room, everyone leaves.) Catherine : A lose-lose situation. CUT TO: (BRASS, WARRICK and GRISSOM talk with BOBBY TAYLOR and his LAWYER, CASSANNO.) Bobby Taylor : I'm telling you, I didn't kill Eric. Brass : Can you remember your last hours with him Saturday night? Cassanno (lawyer) : Don't answer that. Bobby : I want to answer it. I just ... I can't remember anything after we took that stuff. Grissom : It's not about memory now, Bobby. It's about the evidence and the evidence ... sucks. (Quick flashback to: The night of the rave party.) Grissom : (V.O.) You and Eric bought Jimson tea from Ethan that night. Ethan : Enjoy, fellas! (ETHAN gives them the jimsonweed tea. He laughs.) (Flash to white: ERIC and BOBBY drink the tea.) Bobby Taylor : Cheers, man. (End of flashback. Resume to present.) Warrick : But you guys have never taken j-weed before so you weren't aware of the side effects of photophobia. Bobby Taylor : Ph-photo what? Warrick : Photophobia. It's just a big word for lights freaking you out. You guys were hallucinating and whatever Eric was seeing was scaring him, big-time. (Quick flashback to: Night of the rave party. The two boys, high, are running deeper into the desert. The bright lights from the cars and the vibrant colors are powerful.) (ERIC runs over the hill and falls. BOBBY runs after him. They're both running from the bright lights of the cars.) (End of flashback. Resume to present.) Warrick : The coroner states that Eric's dose shot his temperature through the roof. He was boiling in his own skin. So he stripped which is why we found him naked. (Quick flashback to: ERIC is running down the hillside and rips off his shirt.. The cars with their bright lights and vibrant colors continue to follow them along the desert. ERIC runs.) (End of flashback. Resume to present.) Brass : We just don't know if it was an act of aggression or self-defense. Bobby Taylor : I loved that guy. Grissom : That's why I tend to believe it was an act of self-protection. The lights were scaring him. At the same time, we conjecture that you were suffering auditory hallucinations. Both of these symptoms are routine with this drug. (Quick flashback to: ERIC is running. BOBBY is behind him, yelling at him.) Bobby Taylor : Shut up! Shut up! (Whatever BOBBY'S hearing, it's incredibly loud and annoying. He covers both ears with his hands.) Bobby Taylor : Shut up! Shut up! BOBBY TAYLOR: Shut up! Shut up! (BOBBY catches up with ERIC and grabs him from behind.) Bobby Taylor : Shut up! Shut... shut up! (He covers ERIC'S mouth ... trying to get him to shut up. ERIC struggles, but BOBBY has him firmly in his grasp.) Bobby Taylor : Shut up ... (ERIC grabs at BOBBY'S hands trying to get free.) (End of flashback. Resume to present.) Bobby Taylor : (stunned) I just ... I-I can't remember, honest. Cassanno (lawyer) : You can "believe" and "conjecture" all you want. None of this is based on fact. Grissom : I'm afraid that it is. The evidence tells us that Bobby suffocated Eric. Warrick : We found traces of aluminum trapped in Eric's nostrils that are consistent with what we found in your client's hands and arms earlier today from his job at the fireworks plant. Bobby Taylor : I don't think I would do that. Grissom : I know, Bobby, but you did. (GRISSOM reaches to the side and pulls out a small plastic container. He opens it and takes out the mold.) Grissom : This is a mold of the bite mark that we took from your arm today.  (He puts the mold down on the table and reaches into the plastic container.) Grissom : This is a mold of Eric's mouth, postmortem. (GRISSOM puts the teeth over the bite mark. It's a perfect match.) (BOBBY stares at the evidence in front of him and silent tears course down his cheeks.) (Quick flashback to: ERIC struggles in BOBBY'S grasp. BOBBY doesn't let ERIC go.) Bobby Taylor : Shut up! Shut up! BOBBY TAYLOR: Shut up! Shut up! (ERIC can't breath and slowly falls to the ground as he continues to struggle.) Bobby Taylor : Shut up. Shut up. (ERIC bites BOBBY'S arm. BOBBY grunts in pain. He grabs ERIC'S nose and mouth, covering them with his hand.) Bobby Taylor : Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! (End of flashback. Resume to present.) (BOBBY stares out in front of him, crying.) Grissom : You overpowered him, he suffocated ... and then, finally, the noise stopped. (The LAWYER shakes her head.) Cassanno (lawyer) : I can tell you right now we're going to plead diminished capacity. Grissom : Good. I hope you win. Bobby Taylor : (shakes his head) It doesn't matter.  Cassanno (lawyer) : It's the difference between prison and a hospital, Bobby. It matters. Bobby Taylor : You don't understand. I don't care what happens to me. I killed my best friend. (He looks up at GRISSOM. Their eyes meet. GRISSOM'S eyes full of compassion for the young man.) CUT TO: (Camera opens on the front sign: LAS VEGAS POLICE DEPARTMENT / AREA COMMAND. GRISSOM and WARRICK sit side-by-side outside.) (They watch as the OFFICERS exit the building and lead BOBBY TAYLOR outside in handcuffs. They put him in their vehicle and drive off.) (Unable to watch anymore, GRISSOM stands and leaves.) Warrick : Where you going? Grissom : Away. CUT TO: 
[EXT. STRATOSPHERE - DUSK] (GRISSOM secures himself in the roller coaster and gives his money to the attendant.) (Cut to: The roller coaster starts.) (Various cuts of GRISSOM on the roller coaster ride.) (Cut to: The roller coaster stops.) FADE TO BLACK. End 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 