Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x10 - Hello Raskolnikov - How to Get Away with Murder 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x10 - Hello Raskolnikov https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=188&t=16355 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/31/15 14:45 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x10 - Hello Raskolnikov 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Terrence : You believe he murdered the girl. 
 Annalise : Yes. 
 Why is that? 
 Because he's gone. 
 Missing, as you told our colleagues earlier. 
 Yes. 
 I just told him that it was over, that I was gonna ask the D.A. to run a DNA test on the men in Lila's life. 
 But you didn't mention his name to the D.A. specifically. 
 My associate had only just told me that he was having an affair, and I wanted to believe that it wasn't true, that the test was gonna show that he wasn't the father. 
 So, you only found out about the affair last night? 
 That's correct. 
 How long did it go on? 
 Sam : Just the summer. 
 I mean, I worried that something was going on, of course. 
 I mean, he was her teacher. 
 She was beautiful. 
 But I didn't know anything for sure. 
 And then when I told him what I'd done...  
 [Breathing heavily] 
 ... that I was gonna tell the truth about him one way or the other...  
 He got upset. 
 That's how foul you are, you disgusting slut. 
 And that's when I knew he was sleeping with her, that he'd... he'd probably hurt her, too. 
 So, you're saying that you didn't recognize this photo when it became public. 
 I did not. 
 I mean, women aren't like men, Detective. 
 We don't obsess over every detail of our lovers' bodies. 
 And you left the house after you confronted your husband? 
 I drove to a friend's house, and I stayed there several hours until I calmed myself down, and then I went back to the house after a few hours, and I just...  
 Sam? 
 [Sniffles] 
 I just...  
 Sam! 
 [Sobs] 
 I mean, I'd just hoped that it wasn't true... that he hadn't hurt that girl... and that we could make it right. 
 I'm so sorry. 
 Annalise : Don't be. 
 But when I went back into the house...  
 I swear, we... we didn't mean for this to happen. 
 ... he was gone. 
 And that's when you decided that he had fled, as opposed to staying with a pal somewhere? 
 And then he was choking her, so... so we hit him. 
 I...  
 [Sighs] I hit him. 
 I'd only just told him that I was gonna tell the world the truth about him. 
 Wouldn't you run? 
 You listen to me closely and do exactly as I tell you. 
 Remove the body. 
 He cannot stay here. 
 Heads, we go back for the body. 
 Your DNA is under his nails, on his skin, so the only way to get rid of it is to burn the body. 
 We go back for the body and then what? 
 We do what with it? 
 Have any of you thought about that? 
 We burn it. 
 Then you need to get rid of the remains. 
 I'm telling you this is a bad idea. 
 If they know you were here, they'll... they'll blame you. 
 Don't worry about me. I can take care of myself. 
 [Breathing heavily] 
 Annalise : So please come home safe. 
 Come home so we can be together. 
 Sam... are you with Sam? 
 No. Why? What's wrong? 
 Professor Keating, I...  
 No. 
 Listen, what you did tonight had to be done. 
 He killed that girl, and for that, he deserved to die. 
 Trust me. 
 I got you into this, and it's my job to get you out of it. 
 Now go and do what you've been told. 
 This friend you visited can we get a name? 
 Yeah, you know him...  
 Nate Lahey. 
 He was fired from your department when your boss found out we were having an affair. 
 [Indistinct conversations] 
 [Telephones ringing in distance] 
 [Door opens] 
 How'd it go? 
 They're gonna schedule time to talk to you and the students. 
 Stay here. 
 I'm sorry. They asked me who I was with. 
 It's okay. 
 Any idea where he went? 
 No, and they're not telling me if they have any leads. 
 That's normal. 
 I mean, I wouldn't tell you, either, if it was my case. 
 They'll find him. 
 Don't worry. 
 I'll call you later. 
 Wes : They don't know anything. 
 Really? 'Cause last I heard, we were all being interviewed by the police. 
 Because we work at her house. 
 We need to stay calm, stick to the story. 
 How do we know she's not setting us up, you know? 
 That she knows everything, and she's using these interviews to get one of us to confess. 
 I mean, how do we know that the campus cop didn't call her last night and say, "oh... " 
 Connor. 
 [Siren chirps] 
 [Sighs] What if one of us cracks, hmm, goes to the police and tries to get a lesser charge? 
 Then the rest of us will pin everything on that person. 
 It's four against one, so don't even try it. 
 Mommy's home. 
 What are you all doing out here? 
 The police asked us to wait outside. 
 We didn't want to get in their way, which reminds me, are we gonna be excused from the final exam now that we're involved in the investigation? 
 Not a chance, Ms. Pratt. Exam's still on. 
 Mr. Gibbins, my office. 
 They're wearing their paranoia on their sleeves. 
 Do you blame them? 
 Please, just let me tell them. 
 No. 
 If they knew you were helping us...  
 I'm not helping you. I'm helping myself. 
 I'm the woman who came home to find her cheating husband dead on the floor. 
 Who's the first person you think the cops are gonna look at? 
 The only way they're gonna get through the interviews is if they know as little as possible about my involvement. 
 That includes Rebecca. 
 [Sighs] I haven't told her. 
 Good. 
 Look what happened the last time you told her one of our secrets. 
 Look, look. 
 Everything is gonna be fine, okay? 
 We'll run the DNA test. 
 It'll show that he was the father, and then hopefully, the laptop will prove that he was on the roof of the sorority house. 
 What if it doesn't? 
 It will. 
 It will. 
 And then we'll get the charges against Rebecca dropped. 
 Look at me. 
 [Sighs] 
 I've seen how strong you can be, and that's the Wes I need for you to be right now, to help the others. 
 Um...  
 Here. 
 Sam's ring. 
 I took it off right before we...  
 I thought you might want it. 
 Thank you. 
 [Knock on door] 
 Yes? 
 You should come. 
 I said you could wait outside. 
 It's okay, Frank. 
 My condolences for your husband, Annalise. 
 He's been gone for how long now... 15 hours? 
 You think this is a game? 
 I think you don't like your odds in Rebecca's trial, and this is how badly you need to win, even if it means throwing your own husband under the bus. 
 Why? Did he finally tell you he was leaving you? 
 Is this your version of a woman scorned? 
 I just found out that my husband was sleeping with a young woman who was killed, and you have the audacity to come in here and mock me? 
 Get out now, or I'll throw you out. 
 Your husband didn't kill Lila Stangard. 
 That was Miss Sutter and Mr. O'Reilly, and I will do everything in my power to put them in jail. 
 See you in court, kids. 
 Terrence : Can you tell us where you were last night? 
 I was at my apartment with my study group. 
 We have exams this week. 
 Did you do anything after that? 
 We stopped at the bonfire on campus. 
 Did you see Mr. Keating during any of this? 
 [Both grunt] 
 Grab it! 
 No. 
 The last time I saw him was two days ago. 
 We were working on one of our cases when he came into the house. 
 Notice anything about his demeanor? 
 [Grunts] Oh! 
 I never really paid much attention to him, to be honest. 
 I was more focused on preparing Rebecca Sutter's defense for trial, which reminds me, I think you should know something. 
 Rebecca's my girlfriend. 
 You're dating your client? 
 Professor Keating's client. I'm just a 1-L. 
 It's not against the law. 
 Rebecca, I need to apologize to you. 
 For what? 
 Not going to the police earlier about Sam's affair, telling them that he was the man in the photo. 
 If I had, then the charges against you and Griffin would have been dropped already. 
 You wanted to believe he was a good guy. I get it. 
 I'm gonna get the charges against you dropped. 
 Hopefully, before the trial. 
 I promise. 
 Okay. 
 Thanks. 
 Are you sure she doesn't know? 
 Of course not. 
 She apologized to me. 
 That's not something she does... ever. 
 [Siren wailing in distance] 
 She doesn't know. 
 What? 
 Why aren't you freaking out right now? 
 I am. 
 No, you're not. You're fine. 
 You're normal. 
 Which, to be honest, is freaking me out. 
 I'm scared, of course, like all of us, but I know we can't give in to that. 
 Otherwise we get caught. 
 We're all gonna be okay. 
 Asher : Are you kidding me? 
 I have everything to worry about. 
 I came here last night looking for the trophy. 
 I mean, what if they don't think that he's "missing"? 
 What if they think that there's foul play and I'm somehow involved? 
 Sounds like you might need a lawyer. 
 [Door opens] 
 Professor Keating. 
 Annalise : We have work to do. 
 Rebecca goes to trial in three days unless we get the charges against her dismissed. 
 Now, how do we do that? 
 We have to prove that my husband murdered Lila Stangard. 
 First, we need motive. 
 Laurel : Is this even gonna be admissible? 
 I mean, won't the court want to obtain their own DNA sample of Sam? 
 Of course, but we need something to present to the court. 
 Then they can do their own test. 
 You ever gonna say "thank you"? 
 For the trophy. 
 Doucheface totally fell for it. 
 Right. Thanks. 
 Hey. 
 You had a girlfriend you didn't tell me about, Frank. 
 A long-distance girlfriend. 
 And what about, uh, legal aid guy? 
 I lied to him, not you. 
 It's different. 
 Is it? 
 We're over, so... stop. 
 Please. 
 Next, we have to prove that Sam had the means to kill Lila, that he was in Philadelphia the night she was killed. 
 We have proof that he left the hotel parking garage in New Haven, but we need more. 
 We have to prove that he drove back here that night. 
 So, what are you on right now? 
 Adderall? Heroin? 
 I said I would get help after exams. 
 I'm sure. 
 Oliver. 
 You need to help your boss prove her husband's a murderer, so you don't have time to worry about yourself right now. 
 I get it. 
 So, that guy who was here the other night, the one with the biceps, he wasn't here last night. 
 When you were having your drug-induced breakdown? 
 Nope. 
 And you don't get to ask me about who I'm dating right now, so...  
 Right. So, you two are dating, then? 
 He got back together with his ex, some underwear model or... whatever. 
 You don't get to know any of this. 
 Finally... here we go. 
 According to Speedy-pass, he took I-95 up to New Haven on the 28th and returned September 4th. 
 What about the night of the 29th? 
 [Keyboard clacking] 
 Nothing. 
 [Sighs] 
 Maybe he paid cash at the tolls or took the train. 
 He checked his car out of the hotel garage. 
 Maybe he drove to the train station. 
 His credit-card receipts don't have him buying a ticket. 
 They're might be another way to track him. 
 Most phones record wherever you go, so if Sam backed up his phone to the laptop, there could be data showing he was at the sorority house that night. 
 Great idea. 
 Bonnie, I want you to go down to the police station to retrieve Sam's laptop. 
 Take Mr. Millstone with you for backup. 
 So, I know there's a lot of crazy stuff going down right now. 
 You're not doing this here. 
 I'm just saying I can't stop thinking about last night. 
 Try harder. 
 Did your boss give you the okay? 
 Sorry, the records say the laptop's being held pending review by D.A. Parks' office. 
 Okay, Wendy Parks is on record saying Sam Keating isn't a suspect here. 
 She's only keeping it so she can bury evidence she knows will weaken her case. 
 Hey, I'm just the weekend guy. 
 Laurel : Asher just texted me. 
 Bonnie wasn't able to get the laptop, which is good. 
 That means the D.A. probably thinks there's something on it that'll hurt their case against Rebecca. 
 Michaela : Or, dumbass, it means that we don't have any evidence to place Sam at the murder scene, which means no one will believe that he's on the run, which means we become suspects. 
 Hello, Raskolnikov. 
 "Crime and Punishment"... the guilt eats away at him until he goes cray, and then he turns himself in. 
 No one here is Raskolnikov. 
 Look, I'm just saying that we should get drunk, enjoy our last days of freedom before Annalise gives us up. 
 How would Annalise know anything? 
 I don't know. I mean, maybe Laurel told her boyfriend. 
 I didn't tell Frank, okay? 
 And Wes is right. No one knows anything. 
 Except the campus cop, right I mean the one that saw us carrying the body out of the house... he knows some stuff. 
 Everyone needs to calm down. 
 Let's just focus on this case like we would any other. 
 Our case is a wash. We have nothing. 
 You do know that I'm sitting right here, right? 
 Here's the thing... even if we can prove that Lila was pregnant with Sam's baby, that's not a motive. 
 It is if she told him she was gonna have it. 
 Which we have no proof of! 
 Lila asked me what clinic I get my birth control at. 
 She was pregnant, idiot. 
 She clearly wasn't on birth control. 
 No, but she asked me the week that she died, when she would have already known she was pregnant. 
 Lila would have been weird about getting an abortion. 
 Maybe Sam wanted her to get one. 
 That's why she asked about the clinic. 
 That would prove motive, right? 
 What's the name of the clinic? 
 Annalise : The Weisenstock Women's Clinic. 
 Parks : This is a boondoggle, Your Honor. 
 She's dragged us in here on a weekend in order to get Miss Sutter and Mr. O'Reilly's case thrown out and implicate her husband in the murder of Lila Stangard. 
 Is this true, Ms. Keating? 
 I recently found out that my husband was having an affair with Miss Stangard. 
 Parks : Allegedly. 
 I'm running a DNA test to prove that he's the father of her baby. 
 Regardless, the fact is, is that Miss Stangard went to an abortion clinic. 
 A women's clinic that happens to do abortions. 
 If we could obtain the records from that appointment... records that are permitted disclosure under HIPAA... they'll prove intent. 
 If you were able to show me compelling evidence beyond mere conjecture. 
 I'm sorry, Ms. Keating, but I'm denying your request. 
 Your Honor...  
 Go home, Annalise. 
 And take care of yourself. 
 Careful who you show your crazy to. 
 
 
 
 [Cellphone chimes] 
 Nate : Their questions were what you'd expect... about us, our history. 
 Pretty standard for the most part. 
 For the most part? 
 Nate? 
 I'm a cop, Annalise. 
 You don't think I can ignore the fact that you were with me at the same time Sam went missing? 
 You think I know something? 
 I'm an idiot if I don't ask. 
 I... came to you because I needed you. 
 He's the monster, not me. 
 I'm sorry. 
 I just...  
 I needed to hear you say it. 
 I'm so scared. 
 I know. 
 Terrence : And that's when you went to the bonfire? 
 No, I went to Wes' for our study group first, then we went. 
 In general, did you have much contact with Mr. Keating? 
 A little. 
 Laurel! 
 [Screams] 
 We worked out of his house, so...  
 Miss Castillo...  
 If there's something you're not telling us...  
 Is Professor Keating gonna hear any of this? 
 Terrence : No. 
 Anything that's said in here is between us. 
 Um...  
 Sometimes Mr. Keating would...  
 Look at me. 
 [Gasps] 
 Look at you? 
 In a sexual way. 
 Please, don't tell Professor Keating about this. 
 I don't know what she would do. 
 Do you think Sam really ran away? 
 I mean, we are talking about Annalise. 
 Who knows how true her story is or if the police even believe it? 
 You saying you don't believe it? 
 Do you? 
 Why are you asking? 
 I don't know. I guess I'm just, you know, trying to wrap my head around it, just like everyone else. 
 Well, stop. 
 It's not your job. 
 Right. 
 No one else is thinking clearly about this. 
 Except us. 
 I think that we should go to the police, confess. 
 We're not talking about this here. 
 Michaela...  
 I'm trying to find a precedent to convince a judge to give us access to Lila's clinic files. 
 Help. 
 Look, Rebecca was the one that broke in. 
 Wes was the one that gave the final blow. 
 Technically, Sam was still alive when you pushed him off...  
 I did not push him. 
 Look, I'm just saying that...  
 We can save ourselves. 
 Go to the D.A. and say that that we were in shock, plead to a felony. 
 That means kissing the rest of our lives goodbye. 
 Yeah, but... not our careers. 
 Look, a felony conviction won't stop us from sitting for the bar. 
 We still get to be lawyers. 
 And Aiden? 
 Do you want to be married or go to jail? 
 What's going on? 
 Nothing. 
 Just without the clinic files, we're totally screwed. 
 To say the least. 
 [Knock on door, door opens] 
 Bonnie : I just talked to Keegan, Griffin's lawyer. 
 He's agreed to sit on the sidelines for now. 
 Of course he has. 
 We're doing all of his work for him. 
 What? 
 We haven't talked... about how we left things. 
 Well, everything's changed. 
 We don't need to talk about it. 
 Okay. 
 This has got to be hard, Annalise, even for you. 
 So I'm here if you ever need to talk. 
 I'm good. 
 [Knock on door] 
 [Door opens] 
 Professor Keating, I think I found something. 
 The Weisenstock Women's Clinic has surveillance cameras in their waiting room. 
 The judge said hands off the medical clinic. 
 I know, but there's a precedent we can use...  
 Commonwealth V. G.P. 
 It says, "observations of patients in clinics are not communications and... Therefore are not privileged," which means the physician-patient privilege does not apply, so I'd like to request a subpoena for the security footage from the clinic's waiting room. 
 The law prohibits the intimidation of women entering an abortion clinic. 
 There's a lesser expectation of privacy in a waiting room. 
 Your Honor, these clinics need to be in a protected zone. 
 Protected from outsiders who object to what goes on within, but it's not protection of those whose identities can be known to anyone who walks in the door. 
 Women whose privacy will be violated due to this request...  
 No one's privacy will be violated. 
 I'm mandating that the footage only be viewed in a secure room inside this courthouse. 
 See the bailiff for instructions, Ms. Keating. 
 Thank you, Your Honor. 
 DNA results. 
 Frank : You want me to go? 
 Stay. 
 [Exhales sharply] 
 He's the father. 
 [Sighs] 
 [Exhales sharply] 
 What the hell, Annalise? 
 No one's this relieved when they find out their husband knocked up a dead girl, not unless something's going on. 
 Talk to me. 
 That way I can help you. 
 Okay. 
 Bonnie can never know. 
 I was just pre-gaming, you know, putting on the war paint, getting turnt up before the bonfire. 
 That's when I realized the trophy was gone. 
 A trophy Professor Keating gave to you. 
 She awarded it to me. 
 It's like the Stanley Cup of law school. 
 [Chuckles] 
 Why did you think you'd find Michaela or the trophy at the Keating house? 
 I figured she was turning it in to get out of the exam, which is a ballbuster, by the way, and right around the corner, so, my peeps, if we can hurry this up. 
 No one was at the house when you got there, right? 
 Asher : And you guys call me immature? 
 I'm, like, the most grown-up grown-up ever compared to your dumb asses. 
 No. 
 Which was weird because Connor'S S.U.V. was parked in the driveway. 
 Yeah, but nobody answered when you knocked? 
 Nope. 
 Look, I was only at the house for about two minutes before I left and checked at the bonfire. 
 Then I got a call from a lady friend who wanted come over to my place for...  
 [Chuckles] 
 I mean, you know. 
 And how long has this relationship been going on? 
 Mr. Millstone and I are not in a relationship. 
 It was a... a one-time thing. 
 [Breathing heavily] Come here, you idiot. 
 I think what you'd like to know is what time I left the house, which was around 9:00, right after I told Annalise that Sam knew Lila was pregnant. 
 Which Sam told you. 
 I asked him, and he didn't correct me. 
 In fact, he made a pass at me so I'd stay quiet. 
 I think any man that'd do that is a man who'd skip town. 
 Millstone. 
 I need to speak with you. 
 I wasn't studying for the exam. 
 It's not about that. 
 What is wrong with you? 
 It's the po-po. 
 I didn't want them to think I was hiding anything. 
 There's nothing to hide because it's never happening again. 
 Do you understand? 
 Come on. We had fun. 
 You had fun. 
 I was drunk and desperate. 
 [Door opens] 
 Hey, I found something. 
 Laurel : There's Lila. 
 [Keyboard clacking] 
 And that's Sam. 
 Looks like she's telling him she doesn't want to go through with it. 
 Pause it. 
 Maybe she can tell us for sure. 
 Woman : It was obvious she didn't want to be there. 
 I don't think Dr. Turner spent more than five minutes talking to her before she came back out. 
 And how did Mr. Keating react to that? 
 He seemed, yeah, pretty angry. 
 Like, clearly, he wanted her to go through with it. 
 Your Honor, in addition to the video, I'd like to introduce findings from an independent lab, confirming that Sam Keating was the father of Miss Stangard's unborn child. 
 Chain of custody, Your Honor. 
 Run as many tests as you like. 
 You'll find that they all prove that Sam Keating is the genetic match to this fetus. 
 Which still doesn't prove he had anything to do with the murder. 
 Sam Keating is not set to stand trial for this crime. 
 Which is a mistake, Your Honor. 
 You want the charges dropped against your client, I understand, Ms. Keating, but the evidence you're presenting here today in court is circumstantial at best. 
 That's only because a key piece of evidence against Mr. Keating is being held hostage by Ms. Parks. 
 I have no idea what she's talking about, Your Honor. 
 My husband's laptop is being held in police lockup. 
 It likely contains his cell coordinates, proving that he was at Kappa Kappa Theta house the night of the murder. 
 Ms. Parks refuses to examine the data in fear that it will cost her a conviction. 
 Do you have access to this laptop, Ms. Parks? 
 We do have a laptop,  possibly belonging to Sam Keating, in police custody. 
 In light of the evidence presented today, I'm appointing a forensic expert to analyze the phone data found on that computer and present its findings to this court. 
 Until then, we are adjourned. 
 [Indistinct conversations] 
 You call it crazy. I call it winning. 
 I had dinner with my fiancé's mother, then headed over to Asher's. 
 He was supposed to be having a party, but, well, no one came. 
 Where'd you go after Mr. Millstone's? 
 Wes' for the study group. 
 We have exams this week. 
 What do you want? 
 Is Professor Keating around? 
 From there, we all headed over to the bonfire. 
 You all drove together, in Mr. Walsh's S.U.V.? 
 That's right. 
 Is there a problem? 
 A witness told us that he saw Mr. Walsh's car parked outside the Keating house that night. 
 Asher : Is Michaela in there with you? 
 I want my frickin' trophy back! 
 It's my fault. 
 Yes, because we parked there. 
 Well, why park at the Keating house if you were going to the bonfire? 
 We just knew it'd be impossible to find parking closer to campus, so we parked at Professor Keating's, then walked over to the bonfire from there. 
 Michaela : They know. 
 Connor : Who? 
 The police. They're acting like they don't know, using reverse psychology to make us feel like we're getting away with it, but...  
 Okay. Calm down. [Sighs] 
 Look, you were right. 
 Look, everything we did that night is defensible. 
 Rebecca went to the house alone. 
 When he attacked her, we were simply defending her, and after, we were suffering from PTSD. 
 What about Aiden? 
 I've reinvented myself before. I can do it again. 
 I'll change my name. I'll write crime fiction or be a housewife. 
 Okay, not a housewife, but if there's one thing I know how to be, it's smart. 
 [Door opens] 
 We need her, too. 
 Hey, look who it is... the hypocrite. 
 What? 
 You're really gonna play dumb? 
 You got the nerve to treat me like scum for lying about Sasha after what you did? 
 Frank, I have no idea what you're talking about. 
 Wow. 
 Keeping lying that good, you might actually get away with this. 
 We need to talk to you. 
 I can't right now. Just...  
 Listen to what we have to say, or we sell you out. 
 Judge : Please be seated. 
 Mr. Ingram, were you able to access the GPS data on Mr. Keating's cellphone? 
 Ingram : Yes. From the laptop, to which he backed up his phone. 
 Were you able to pinpoint the location of Mr. Keating's phone on the night of August 29th? 
 I was. 
 As you can see from the monitor here, I outlined his path of travel in red, along with the times he spent at the various locations he visited that evening. 
 We begin with Mr. Keating here, in New Haven, at 7:02 P.M., then, if you follow the red line, you can see how he traveled along I-95 south and continuing all the way down to Philadelphia. 
 Now, if I zoom in, for greater detail, now we're looking at his various points of travel once here in Philadelphia. 
 We can see he arrived at a coffee shop here, but he was only there for a few minutes and then continued on and was traveling along the Southern border of the Middleton University Campus, until finally coming to a stop at 3204 Spruce Road. 
 That's the address of Kappa Kappa Theta sorority house. 
 [Spectators murmuring] 
 And what time was Mr. Keating there? 
 From 1:10 A.M. until 1:29 A.M. 
 The medical examiner places miss Stangard's time of death between the hours of 12:00 A.M. and 6:00 A.M. 
 [Murmuring continues] 
 Your Honor, the record shows that my client, Rebecca Sutter, did not impregnate miss Stangard, nor did she take her to an abortion clinic with hopes of terminating said pregnancy, nor did she drive through three states to spend 20 minutes on a rooftop where miss Stangard's body was found in a water tank. 
 And yet my client stands accused of murder. 
 To allow this trial to proceed would be a gross miscarriage of justice. 
 Reporter : Miss Sutter, how does it feel to have the charges against you dropped? 
 [Camera shutters clicking] 
 Give us some room. 
 Reporter #2 : What about Ms. Keating? 
 Does she intend to defend her husband for the murder of Lila Stangard? 
 No comment. 
 Is it true Sam was the father of Lila's unborn child? 
 Where is Ms. Keating? Can we speak to her? 
 Her husband was just named the prime suspect in the Lila Stangard murder. 
 I think she deserves a little privacy at the moment. 
 So, you do know...  
 [Reporters shouting] 
 [Breathing heavily] 
 [Door opens, closes] 
 Woman : She's not like you or me. 
 Woman #2 : You're defending the woman who just sold out her husband to win a case? 
 God, no. 
 I'm just saying she's not a person like the rest of us are people. 
 What is she, then? An animal? 
 Not even an animal's that heartless. 
 [Both laugh] 
 [Door hinges creak] 
 It's not what we want to do, either, but we have to. 
 We have to turn ourselves in and put this on them. 
 We can go to the police tonight. 
 We just proved Sam's the murderer. 
 We're in the clear. 
 No, that only means that they're gonna be more hell-bent on finding him. 
 The fact that he's a murderer helps us, Laurel. 
 They'll be more lenient with us if we turn ourselves in. 
 Please. 
 Laurel, we didn't do this. 
 [Sighs] 
 Okay. 
 I'm in. 
 [Indistinct shouting] 
 Michaela : [Laughing] 
 What's funny? 
 It's my bridal boutique. 
 They want to confirm a dress fitting. 
 [Breathing deeply] 
 Look... look, if Aiden doesn't want to marry you, it just means there's someone better around the corner. 
 [Vehicle door opens] 
 You're quiet. 
 What's the matter? 
 Not in the mood to confess to murder? 
 [Chuckles] 
 I'm fine. 
 What? 
 What are they doing here? 
 Told you she knew. 
 But how could she know we were coming here right now? 
 I had to. 
 Frank came to me. 
 He knows everything, which means Annalise knows, because you told her, right? 
 No. 
 Stop lying. 
 I'm not lying. 
 Connor and Michaela are gonna confess. 
 They're gonna confess and pin it on you and Rebecca, so, please, tell me the truth. 
 They're scared and paranoid, and I don't blame them, but they won't listen to me. 
 They'll... they'll only listen to you. 
 Please. 
 [Breathes raggedly] 
 I can't do this anymore. 
 I don't know how, but you have to tell them. 
 [Exhales raggedly] 
 Screw this. 
 Mr. Walsh. 
 It doesn't matter how I know. I just know. 
 But I can give you a million reasons why this plan won't go your way, or you can just trust me. 
 Listen, you're scared. 
 I know. I understand. 
 And what you've been through... there's nothing more horrible. 
 But, listen, I don't blame you. 
 If I did, I would have turned you in the night that it happened. 
 Let me help you. 
 [Siren wailing] 
 Let me help you. 
 Because if you do, I promise you will get away with this. 
 Today's exam will be an analytical essay. 
 You will hear a fact pattern of a criminal case study and determine the possible defenses, affirmative and otherwise, for each individual involved. 
 The case is as follows. 
 Four individuals walk into a convenience store. 
 One of them, Mr. Green, decides to rob the clerk. 
 The clerk fights back. 
 The others, Mr. White, Miss Blue, and Miss Red, come to Mr. Green's defense. 
 A physical struggle ensues involving the individuals against the clerk. 
 The clerk becomes incapacitated. 
 Someone has slimmed down a bit since last time. 
 School stress? 
 Exams. 
 Bang! 
 Mr. White shoots the clerk, killing him. 
 [Lock disengages] 
 Uh, okay, so I know it's cheesy. 
 I don't have a job to pay for Christmas decorations, but I thought that we should celebrate you being done with exams and me not going to the slammer and finally open this. 
 [Both chuckle] 
 Now, though Mr. White acted alone in killing the clerk, all of the individuals are involved in the disposal of the body. 
 Wow. 
 Didn't think I'd see you again. 
 I've been buried in work. 
 Yeah, welcome to law school. 
 I know it seems like I blew you off. 
 Whoa, it seems? 
 I'm sorry. 
 I just...  
 [Inhales deeply] 
 Can we talk? 
 I don't want us to be over. 
 Annalise : Now, the goal is to get these individuals acquitted of all charges, and there is a way. 
 Find it. 
 You have 90 minutes. 
 Terrence : It's got to be a little awkward, learning that Professor Keating's husband is a prime suspect in the case that you've been working on. 
 Of course. 
 But, honestly, it's Professor Keating that I can't stop thinking about. 
 I just...  
 I can't imagine how she must feel right now. 
 From our limited time with her, she strikes me as a pretty tough customer. 
 Or she pretends to be. 
 Professor Keating spends most of her life pursuing justice for her clients, so to find out that her husband is a criminal worse than all of them...  
 I just hope that he's man enough to come back and face what he's done. 
 [Cellphone ringing] 
 What is it? 
 Connor : I think we have a problem. 
 Detective, I'm Hannah Keating, Sam Keating's sister. Let me be clear. Whatever his wife told you, my brother is no murderer. 
 Your sister-in-law's in town. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 