Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x03 - Smile, or go to Jail - How to Get Away with Murder 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x03 - Smile, or go to Jail https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=188&t=14114 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/10/14 07:01 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x03 - Smile, or go to Jail 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "How to Get Away with Murder"... 
 Annalise : Every year I choose four students to come work for me. 
 The top student gets this. Come get your prize, Mr. Walsh. 
 My wife thinks I slept with one my students? 
 It's happened before! 
 There was nothing going on with me and that girl. 
 It's about the Lila Stangard murder. 
 Sam knew her. 
 He was supposed to be at Yale the night she was killed, and I need for you to tell me that his alibi checks out.  
 Okay. 
 You're hurting me! 
 Rebecca! Don't say anything! 
 Heads, we get the body. 
 Tails, we leave it where it is. 
 It's the only way to destroy the DNA. 
 Rebecca, it's done. You're safe now. 
 [ Indistinct shouting, cheering ] 
 [ Michaela breathing shakily ] 
 Michaela, stand up. 
 We need to leave. Do you understand? 
 Michaela! 
 Laurel : Connor, stop! 
 [ Distorted ] Michaela, we need to leave now. 
 Michaela. Look at me. 
 Everything's gonna be okay. 
 Connor : She's not fine. Are you blind? 
 Her little perfect brain can't handle this. 
 Can you hear me? 
 [ Bell tolls ] 
 Michaela? 
 [ Both breathing heavily ] 
 [ Michaela moans ] 
 [ Giggles ] 
 Ooh. 
 Why don't I quit my job, move to Philly, and I can be your trophy wife? 
 [ Both laugh ] 
 Because I'm not marrying a loser. 
 Well, I'd still be me. 
 I'd just have, you know, more time on my hands so I can cook us dinner... 
 And I can take care of the kids. 
 Ah. "Kid." One. Mm. 
 And... the nanny will take care of it. 
 And the chef will cook us dinner. 
 And you and I will take over the world. 
 [ Cellphone vibrates ] Oh. 
 [ Grunts ] [ Sighs ] 
 Ohh.  
 What? What is it? 
 [ Sighs ] I have to get to the office. 
 We're picking up a new client at the jail. 
 I just got here. Come on. 
 [ Chuckles ] Professor Keating doesn't care. 
 All right, well, at least let me walk you to the office. 
 What am I, 10 years old? 
 Do you not watch the news? 
 Students are getting murdered out there. 
 [ Chuckles ] 
 [ Siren wailing ] 
 [ Indistinct conversations ] 
 Reporter :  The two suspects, Griffin O'Reilly and Rebecca Sutter, were arrested within an hour of each other. 
 Hi, I'm looking for information on someone in custody named Rebecca Sutter. 
 Press? 
 Excuse me? 
 Are you press or a lawyer? 
 If you're with the press, piss off. 
 If you're a lawyer, I need to see I.D. 
 [ Door buzzes ] 
 [ Indistinct whispering ] 
 David : The female suspect we don't know much about, and, frankly, she's not our concern. 
 But I think I speak for all of us in the administration when I say we stand behind Griffin O'Reilly and we believe in his innocence. 
 Thankfully, he posted bail and was released this morning. 
 He's a great kid, lives a clean life. 
 Of course, the president's office officially cannot take a position in his trial. 
 Because the victim's family's donated more than $8 million to the university last year alone. 
 But, then, having the star quarterback convicted of murder does untold harm to the entire sports program. 
 Annalise, you and Sam have been great assets to us here, and I think it's fair to say you've received a generous compensation package and unprecedented freedom in conducting your classes with virtually no oversight. 
 I bring students here as a result. 
 Yes, we know that. 
 But we haven't asked for much. 
 But you're asking now. 
 We need you to represent Mr. O'Reilly. 
 I'll think about it. 
 [ Indistinct conversations ] 
 It's me. 
 I'm on probation. 
 You can't be calling me. 
 I know, but the university wants me to represent the football player, and I... 
 [ Breathing deeply ] 
 I can't give them an answer until I know about Sam. 
 I'm in new haven right now, checking his alibi. 
 I'll call you when I know something. 
 [ Cellphone beeps ] 
 [ Sighs ] 
 Hi. 
 Are you Natalie from the Yale Psych Department? 
 Do I know you? 
 Your co-worker said I'd find you here. 
 There was a lecture you scheduled a couple weeks ago featuring a Professor up from Philly. 
 Oh, Dr. Sam Keating, right. 
 I was wondering if you might have a copy of the lecture on video. 
 We didn't tape anything that night. 
 And if we did, it would be pretty dull. 
 Dr. Keating didn't show. 
 Really? 
 He said he had food poisoning, canceled last minute. 
 Really ticked off Dean Reynolds, too. 
 She'd been wooing Dr. Keating for a position here, but after getting blown off like that... 
 Professor Keating. Hi.  
 [ Clears throat ] 
 This is my fiancé, Aiden Walker. 
 He works for the mayor of New York. 
 Michaela speaks very highly of you. 
 Don't be late again. 
 So, she's not exactly warm. 
 This him, future hubby? 
 Aiden, meet Asher, Wes, Lauren. 
 Laurel. 
 Aiden freakin' Walker. 
 Connor Walsh?! 
 [ Both laugh ] 
 Oh, my God! 
 You two know each other? 
 Yeah! We... we went to boarding school together. 
 So good to see you, man. Huh. 
 So, this is your fiancé. 
 Yep. Ah. 
 Guess we have more in common than I thought. 
 [ Telephone ringing, indistinct conversations ] 
 Officer Nelson. 
 Hey, that I.T. Guy you know... 
 You think he'd be able to unlock a phone? 
 Are you becoming a hacker, Waitlist? 
 [ Chuckles ] I-I have a friend who forgot his pass code. 
 Really? 
 You  have a friend? 
 Look who's here... Professor Keating. 
 You have a client of mine in lockup... Paula Murphy. 
 "s*x in the park" lady. Yeah, she's here. 
 That's it? Our hot new case is some hooker in a park? 
 She's a friend of a friend. 
 Not every case is a serial killer. 
 You want to be Professor Keating one day, you build a client base from the ground up, so shut up and learn. 
 Whoa, that is not a hooker, that's a mom. 
 Genius. [ Door buzzes ] 
 Mrs. Murphy, I'm Annalise Keating. 
 Oh, thank God. 
 I don't know how I'll ever repay you... 
 This way. 
 I didn't know what to do. 
 I've never needed a lawyer before. 
 I was so grateful that Cheryl offered to put me in touch with you. 
 Well, Cheryl is a long-time client of mine. 
 I'm glad I can be of some help. 
 I am so ashamed. 
 This is not the kind of thing I usually do. 
 The charges have been dropped. 
 It's been cleared from your record. 
 No one will know, including your husband. 
 [ Engine revving ] 
 [ Tires screeching ] 
 Elena Aguilar, you're under arrest.  
 What? 
 Excuse me? This is Paula Murphy. 
 Her name's Elena Aguilar. 
 She's a fugitive wanted for felony murder in connection with the 1994 bombing of the world financial institute. 
 Hooker mom turned out to be bomb mom. 
 I freakin' love this job. 
 Shh. Her kids are right there. 
 It makes you wonder what secrets Aiden might be keeping from you, right? 
 Bonnie : There were five people involved in the bombing in 1994, all members of the anti-globalization group known as the Red Letter Brigade. 
 Two served time. One passed away. 
 Their leader, Gabriel Shaw, remains incarcerated, and Elena Aguilar disappeared after posting bail. 
 And they think Paula is this... Elena? 
 Their fingerprints match, yes. 
 Fingerprints that they took because she was caught giving... manual pleasure to a stranger in a park? 
 Kevin! 
 Unless you're gonna tell me that this is all a big mistake, I don't care what you have to say right now. 
 Bonnie : The evidence against Paula is quite damning. 
 It's her fingerprint they found on a fragment of the pipe bomb that exploded and killed a janitor. 
 He died? 
 It was meant to go off when no one was around. 
 You did this? 
 This is all true? 
 Annalise : It's a lot to process, I know, but we have a decision to make. 
 The government offered a plea deal... 10 years. 
 They need an answer in one hour. 
 10 years?! 
 [ Scoffs ] 
 We should take it. [ Sighs ] 
 A man died. They have my fingerprints. 
 It's not that long of a time. 
 It  is  a long time. 
 Your daughters are gonna grow up without you. 
 It's gonna destroy your family. 
 I think there's a way that we can win this. 
 We can win this. 
 Make sure the daughters are in court. 
 That's gold for the jury. 
 When's the bail hearing? 
 Tomorrow morning. 
 The forensics expert?  
 On his way. 
 What can he say to help? 
 Her fingerprint's on the bomb fragment. 
 Exactly. There's no way to win this. 
 You just lost the trophy, Mr. Walsh. 
 What? You said that we could hand it in whenever we wanted. 
 That was before you doubted my abilities. 
 I'm just saying that we have no defense. 
 Who says I don't have one? 
 United States v. Hearst... Who can tell me the facts? 
 Mr. Gibbins. 
 Wes : Patty hearst, heiress to the hearst corporation, was charged with armed bank robbery. 
 Her lawyers argued a two-pronged defense... 
 That she was both brainwashed and coerced by her kidnappers at the symbionese liberation army. 
 Did the defense work? 
 No. 
 The prosecution argued that she could not be both under duress and brainwashed. 
 We were occupy before there  was  occupy. 
 Big-bank greed, misdistribution of wealth... 
 We were against that stuff years ago. 
 And Paula... or Elena, as you knew her... 
 She espoused these beliefs, as well? 
 Hells, yeah. 
 Elena liked to rage against the wealth machine as much as any of us. 
 Who can tell me the first key to a mind-control defense? 
 Ms. Castillo? 
 Establishing a brainwasher, a mastermind you can pin the crime on. 
 Mr. Davis, would you say that you were under the influence of your group's charismatic leader, Gabriel Shaw? 
 Davis : You make him sound like a cult leader. 
 Your words, not mine. 
 Gabriel is very persuasive, but he never made us do anything we didn't want to do. 
 Really? 
 Didn't he once keep food from the group for seven straight days? 
 We were fasting. That was voluntary. 
 It's called food deprivation, and it's one of the most effective tools in mind control. 
 And once a ringleader has been identified? 
 Ms. Pratt. 
 Establish that the illegal act was conceived wholly and originally by the ringleader, that it was his idea alone. 
 And this plan to plant the pipe bomb was Gabriel's entirely, wasn't it? 
 Objection... hearsay. 
 Judge : Sustained. 
 Did he consult you about the plans, ask your opinion? No. 
 Did he consult any of the other members of the group? - No. 
 Nothing further. 
 For the record, though, I do think Elena should go to jail. 
 Motion to strike! 
 We all served our time. Why shouldn't she? 
 Your Honor? 
 Where are we in finding Gabriel? 
 The feds are hiding him in the prison system. 
 I was thinking if I drafted a motion for disclosure... 
 Leave the lawyering to the actual lawyers, Frank. 
 Just find a way to track him down. 
 Uh... 
 Professor Keating, how about if I help Frank with that? 
 Gabriel Shaw has been in perfect health for the last five years... 
 That is, until he was conveniently hospitalized in the allentown federal prison just one day after the USA interviewed him about this case. 
 The diagnosis... undetermined. 
 They're faking sick. It's obvious. 
 They don't want the jury to hear whatever he has to say. 
 Where'd you get this from? 
 I have, uh... sources. 
 You mean your daddy? 
 Whoever it was, it worked. 
 Make room on your mantel for the trophy, Mr. Millstone. 
 Yeah. 
 I spoke to the judge. 
 We can drive to the prison in the morning, talk to Mr. Shaw. 
 Paula, I want you to come, persuade him to testify on your behalf. 
 You mean see him? Gabriel? 
 Is that a good idea? 
 He's behind bars. You'll be perfectly safe. 
 I'm sorry. I'd rather not. 
 I'm just not comfortable with the idea of seeing him. 
 To be perfectly Frank, I'm not concerned if you're comfortable or not. 
 We need his testimony. 
 [ Door opens ] 
 Okay, if Frank's not a lawyer, then what is he? 
 Is he Annalise's bodyguard? 
 Whatever he is, I'm glad there's some eye candy around here. 
 What about me? I'm not eye candy enough? 
 Aiden  is eye candy. 
 You  are meatloaf. 
 Meatloaf that's about to get your trophy. 
 My  trophy. And I never believed he was a lawyer. 
 [ Cellphone ringing ] What does that mean? 
 Have you heard him speak? That accent? 
 Which means what? He's from Philadelphia? 
 Or you're a classist elitist who thinks everyone who didn't go to an Ivy is beneath you? 
 [ Cellphone continues ringing ] Well, that's just true. 
 O.M.G., do you have a crush on him? No. 
 You totally do. 
 Could someone answer their damn phone? 
 Wes, it's your bag. 
 [ Zipper clicking ] 
 Hello? 
 Man : Who is this? Where's Lila? 
 Lila? 
 You're calling Lila's phone? 
 Dude gave me her number, said she could hook me up. 
 Is she there? 
 Hello? 
 Wes : Heads. 
 We go back for the body. 
 Let's go! 
 Michaela : [ Voice breaking ] No! 
 No. This makes no sense at all. 
 We go back for the body, and then what? 
 We do what with it? 
 Have any of you thought about that? 
 We burn it. 
 Oh, please. A body doesn't just burn. 
 You need an incinerator. 
 But at least we'll get rid of our DNA. 
[ Sighs ] 
 Connor : And the bonfire will cover the smoke. 
 It's... it's kind of a perfect plan. 
 Michaela : Perfect? The bonfire. 
 [ Crying ] There is nothing perfect about this plan. 
 You guys... 
 Cry all you want. I'm now on board with the plan. 
 Listen to me! 
 Michaela and Connor : What?! 
 The bonfire...  That's  our alibi. 
 [ Crowd cheering ] 
 Say "cheese"! 
 [ Camera shutter clicks ] 
Smile or go to jail! 
 [ Camera shutter clicking, bell tolling ] 
 It's gonna be fine. 
 Gabriel : Elena Aguilar... 
 In the flesh. 
 Hi. 
 I spent the last 20 years waiting for this day. 
 And I got to say... 
 It was worth it. 
 You look... great. 
 You don't look so bad yourself. 
 Yeah, well, don't say that too loud. 
 There's a lot of lonely guys in here that would like to date me. 
 [ Both laugh ] 
 Ah, I missed that sound. 
 [ Sighs ] 
 Me too. 
 [ Handcuffs scrape ] 
 Mr. Shaw, we're here because Elena is on trial for Felony murder. 
 If you have anything to offer her defense... 
 Put me on the stand. I'll say whatever you need me to. 
 Gabriel, no. 
 Look, I'm already stuck in this hellhole. There's no need for you to be, too. 
 The bomb was all my idea. Elena didn't know anything about it. 
 That work? 
 [ Laughing ] 
 I'm sorry. 
 I should not be happy right now. I know that. 
 We did a terrible thing. 
 That poor man died. 
 We should all pay for that, but we  believed  in something. 
 I forgot how that feels, the thrill of it all. 
 That's  what I was looking for in that park with that man. 
 But it's him. He's that feeling, and I miss it every day. 
 Playing dress-up with my girls, having drinks with friends, during s*x with Kevin, I'm never not missing him. 
 Please don't tell Kevin that I said that. 
 Woman : Annalise, that actually happened? 
 You just walked out on president Dolan? 
 And left the fate of our star quarterback hanging in the balance? 
 Well, I meet with the boy tomorrow. 
 We'll see what he says. 
 [ Man laughing ] 
 Well, it's a big case. There's gonna be a lot of press. 
 You want to be sure before you take it. 
 Does that mean you don't think I should take it? 
 After 20 years, I know better than to give  you  career advice. 
 [ Man chuckles ] What's going on with Yale, Sam? 
 Heard anything back? 
 Actually, I got a phone call this afternoon. 
 They went with someone from Duke. 
 Screw 'em. Philly's home, anyway. 
 Exactly. I, for one, am relieved we get to keep our friends. 
 [ Laughter ] 
 [ Cellphone clicks ] 
 He had business at Yale, checked into your hotel a few weeks back. 
 I just need to find out if the car was parked here every night he was in town. 
 But you're not a cop. 
 I'm not a cop. 
 What's the name?  
 Sam Keating. 
 [ Keys clacking, computer beeps ] Here we are. 
 His car was in the lot every night... except here. 
 Friday, the 29th. 
 Left the garage at 7:00 P.M., wasn't back till 6:00 the next morning. 
 
 
 
 [ Birds chirping ] 
 Clean up your messes. 
 What's going on? 
 While we're waiting for Mr. Shaw to get transferred from prison, we're gonna be meeting with a potential new client. 
 They'll be here any minute. 
 Please tell me it's the football player. 
 I heard a rumor that the university wants Annalise to defend him. 
 Don't call her "Annalise." 
 You'll find out soon enough. 
 [ Footsteps depart ] 
 Griffin : There was a party at my fraternity that Friday. 
 Lila didn't come. 
 She was pissed at me, and I just wanted a break. 
 We were drinking a lot, and some of the girls wanted coke, so I called Rebecca. 
 Annalise : She was your dealer? 
 No, she was friends with Lila. I knew she dealt. 
 Lila was friends with a drug dealer? 
 [ Chuckling ] She knew all types of people. 
 Rebecca came over. 
 We got really messed up. 
 Next thing I know, I'm back in my room with her, our clothes are off, and we're in the middle... 
 [ Sighs ] 
 We're in the middle when Lila walked in. 
 We never did that, Lila and me. 
 We'd taken a vow, promised each other we'd wait till we got married. 
 Lila just lost it. 
 I mean, she's screaming, scratching me. 
 That's why my DNA is under her nails. 
 She ran out, and that's when I see Rebecca... smiling. 
 I knew then she set the whole thing up. 
 She texted Lila from my phone when we were hooking up, and she told her that I needed to see her. 
 I looked for Lila all night. 
 I called her friends, I went to her room. 
 I was probably there when she was getting strangled on that roof. 
 Rebecca did this... not me. 
 I swear to God. 
 [ Hair dryer whirring ] 
 [ Police radio chatter ] 
 Sign in. 
 [ Door buzzes ] 
 What is this? 
 Rebecca, I'm from the Public Defender's office. 
 Thank you. 
 Tell me you're not actually my lawyer. 
 I found the phone. 
 Lila's phone. 
 There's evidence on the phone, right, something that can prove you're innocent? 
 Otherwise, why would you keep it? 
 You have to trust me here. 
 They're gonna assign you some lame public defender, and right now, your case feels  really  hard to win. 
 I might be able to get you other help, but first you have to tell me what's on the phone. 
 Guard! 
 What are you doing? 
 Get him out of here! Get him out! 
 Guard!  
 Rebecca, stop! 
 He's not my lawyer, he's a law student. He lied. 
 You need my help!  
 He's stalking me! 
 Let's go. Let's go. Griffin's gonna pin it on you! 
 Let's go.  
 That's why I came here... 
 Because he's gonna pin it on you! 
 Do you need anything else? 
 See the pile? 
 Actually, can I help with that tomorrow? 
 There's this law-review party tonight, and we're supposed to... 
 Frank : Where's it at? 
 A... Bar. 
 I think it's called McKoy's. 
 You guys can come if... 
 We're not going, and if you wanted to go, you should have just said so from the start. 
 Just 'cause we got no lives doesn't mean no one else can. 
 Let her go. 
 You heard him. 
 Man : Why apply to law review? 
 You're already putting in 80-hour weeks. 
 It'd be crazy to take on more. 
 To the folks who think that way, I just want to say... 
 Grow a pair! [ Indistinct shouting ] 
 Do you not want multiple job offers? 
 Do you not want to be president someday? 
 Hell, yeah! Yes! 
 You have a gun on you? 
 I'd just give anything to put this guy out of his misery. 
 I mean, don't get me wrong. I'm all for gun control... 
 Except when it comes to d-bags. 
 Can I get a "Hell, yeah"? 
 Hell, yeah! 
 [ Crowd cheering ] There seem to be lot of those around here. 
 Well, welcome to law review. 
 I'm Kan. 
 Laurel. 
 And you're not really selling me on applying if that's the point of this party. 
 No, I don't do law review. 
 I spend my 80 hours a week at legal aid, which means I came here for the free beer... 
 And to meet smart girls. 
 Connor : Jed Freeman joined the army? 
 Yeah, he's like a... a corporate lieutenant or something like that. Ah. 
 It's crazy. 
 Uh, Connor, do you mind going somewhere else? 
 This is our last night together. 
 My bad. 
 Congrats again on the engagement. 
 You know, there was a time when I thought that maybe I'd be the one wearing Aiden's ring. 
 Oh, my God. Connor, will you stop? 
 Wait, you... 
 [ Chuckling ] You never told her? 
 Come on, dude.  
 What is he talking about? 
 It's nothing. It's nothing. 
 Aiden...  
 Relax. Relax. 
 We were 16, locked away at an all-boys boarding school in the middle of freezing New Hampshire. 
 It's not a big deal. 
 Shots on me, party people! 
 Oh, ho, yeah! Yeah! Yeah! 
 [ Laughs ] 
 [ Glass thuds ] 
 Hey, Frank! 
 Hey, come do a buttery nipple! 
 You lied. 
 It was years ago. Hardly anything happened. 
 Oh, stop! I don't want any more of a mental picture than I already have! 
 Look, okay, I-I didn't tell you about it, all right? 
 [ Sighs ] I know. 
 But that's different than lying to you. 
 Is it? 
 Because we've talked about all our exes, and you've never mentioned a  boy, 
 which feels a lot like lying! 
 You know me. You know that I don't lie. 
 I don't believe you. 
 All right, you know what? 
 I'm just gonna get the train back tonight. 
 I think that's a great idea. 
 [ Indistinct conversations ] 
 Right in there. 
 [ Sighs ] She's my next-door neighbor. 
 Your neighbor was the other suspect in this case, and you didn't think to tell me?! 
 I don't really know her. We just live next door, and I... 
 What?! 
 [ Sighs ] You can't defend Griffin! 
 I saw him fighting with Rebecca. 
 He's not a good guy like you think. 
 And he's got everything... 
 The school, money... But Rebecca's got nothing. 
 She's alone, a... a pawn. 
 And isn't that why you do this... 
 Defend people... So they get a fair trial? 
 But that's not gonna happen for her because she's poor. 
 And I don't think that's fair or right, and... 
 If you want to fire me, fine. 
 But  she  needs you. 
 [ Sighs ] I don't know. 
 I just wanted to do... Something. 
 [ Sighs ] 
 I'm done. 
 We have an actual client waiting for us in court. 
 Let's go. 
 [ Indistinct conversations ] 
 I hooked up with pretty much all the hot guys at boarding school, if it makes you feel better. 
 Also, I barely remember what his pen1s looks like. 
 [ Inhales sharply ] Wait. No. 
 I still do. 
 Looked like, uh, you and that legal-aid guy were... bonding pretty well last night. 
 Oh, yeah. We all saw that sloppy make-out. 
 In fact, I think Frank was so grossed out, he had to leave. 
 Frank was there? 
 Dude, looks like you found an even better party than we did last night, huh? 
 Huh? Unh! 
 Mr. Bordal, I understand you have one additional witness. 
 Yes, your Honor. The prosecution calls Gabriel Shaw. 
 What?! I thought he was our witness. 
 Once he's on the witness list, either side can call him. 
 Take us back to 1994, Mr. Shaw. 
 How would you characterize that time and, more specifically, as it relates to Elena Aguilar, AKA Paula Murphy? 
 We were fighting the good fight, doing all we could to reverse the rampant greed around us. 
 I guess that's why I wasn't that surprised when Elena suggested that... 
 We plant that bomb. 
 [ Spectators murmuring ] 
 Mr. Shaw, didn't you tell me before the trial that it was your idea to plant the bomb, not my client's? 
 Did I? 
 You're lying, Mr. Shaw. 
 Look, Elena is the woman I've loved my entire life... 
 Even all this time in jail. 
 So, when I saw her the other day... 
 Well, I would have said anything to protect her. 
 But then I came to my senses and decided to tell the truth. 
 The truth. Exactly. 
 And the truth is you were not on the prosecution's original witness list. 
 Isn't that right? 
 It is. 
 So, it wasn't until you spoke with the defense that the U.S. attorney convinced you to swap sides? 
 Objection. The word "convince" implies that... 
 I'll rephrase it. 
 What deal was promised to you if you agreed to testify against my client? 
 Objection. Assumes facts not in evidence. 
 Really? So, there was no offer on the table? 
 He simply volunteered? 
 Judge : Answer the question, Mr. Shaw. 
 Early release. 
 Early release. 
 Wow. 
 So, after 20 years in prison, you get to walk free. 
 That must feel amazing. 
 After 20 years in a cell, I think I'd say pretty much anything for that. 
 Your honor... Nothing further. 
 Kevin : You just keep lying to me. 
 Paula : I'm sorry. 
 I don't know if y-y-you're upset right now because you're gonna go to jail or because your creepy lover just betrayed you. 
 Kevin! [ Door opens ] 
 The judge has given us three hours. 
 That's how long we have to rebuild our defense. 
 Look into forensics, crime tech, the FBI lab. 
 This moment, right now... this is when you prove your worth. 
 You worked on the Gabriel Shaw case, right? 
 Who are you again? 
 Just writing a research paper for my criminology class at Middleton. 
 Well, I'm afraid that... 
 Look [Scoffs] I just need the files for this one case. 
 It's nearly all public information. 
 Look, five minutes of your time saves my life. 
 Please. 
 [ Sighs ] 
 [ Cellphone ringing ] 
 Oh, my God. 
 Yes, I'm looking for Ned Crawford at the allentown prison. 
 Uh-huh. 
 [ Cellphone ringing ] 
 Mr. Crawford? 
 Hi. You don't know me, but my name is Michaela Pratt. 
 Asher : You found something? 
 I got ahold of the prison logs for Gabriel Shaw, and he received six phone calls from a woman named Jane Santora ever since we took Paula to visit him in prison. 
 Santora is Paula's mother's maiden name. 
 Why would she be calling him? 
 [ Gasps ] Professor Keating. 
 Where? No. 
 Sorry to interrupt, but I found out that... 
 That is not the right answer, Frank. 
 Kevin : We were in the cafeteria, talking... 
 I thought we were working through it... 
 When she said she needed to go to the restroom. 
 That was an hour ago. 
 Judge : Ms. Keating, have you located your client? 
 I'm afraid her whereabouts are unknown, Your Honor. 
 Very well. 
 I'm issuing a bench warrant for the immediate arrest of Paula Murphy... 
 [ Engine turns over ] 
AKA Elena Aguilar. 
 Until she's detained, case H9Y2 is put on permanent hold. 
 Court adjourned. 
 [ Indistinct conversations ] 
 [ Inhales deeply ] 
 Choose your husband carefully, miss Pratt. 
 You'll only have yourself to blame if it ends badly. 
 Hi. 
 [ Sighs ] 
 [ Breathing rapidly ] 
 There's nothing? 
 Nothing. 
 I checked with Yale, the hotel. 
 He was there the night she was murdered. 
 Dr. Keating didn't show. 
 Left the garage at 7:00 P.M., wasn't back till 6:00 the next morning. 
 His alibi's solid. 
 You're sure? 
 He never left, Annalise. 
 Oh, thank God. 
 [ Breathing heavily ] 
 Good night. 
 Wait. 
 I've missed you. 
 Go home. 
 Be with your husband. 
 [ Footsteps departing ] 
 Here. 
 That's the last one. 
 Everyone, get in the car. 
 [ Trunk closes ] 
 [ Groans ] 
 Wait. 
 Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. 
 Just... get in the car, Michaela. 
 Oh, no, m-m-m-m-my ring. 
 What? 
 My engagement ring is gone! 
 [ Whimpering ] 
 I lost it. I... oh, God. 
 [ Crying ] I lost my ring. 
 I lost my ring. I lost my ring. 
 I lost my ring. 
 I lost my ring. 
 I lost my ring. 
 [ Door slams ] 
 [ Rustling ] 
 [ Sighs ] 
 Hey. 
 What the hell are you doing?! 
 You wouldn't return my calls. 
 You can't just show up, not when there are murderers everywhere! 
 Yeah, you're right. I'm sorry... 
 About everything. 
 I should have told you the minute we ran into Walsh. 
 You should have told me before you proposed, before you said you loved me, before you asked me out. 
 Michaela, come on... 
 Were there others? 
 What, people I hooked up with? 
 Men. 
 Men you had s*x with. 
 No. 
 Because if you're gay...  
 I'm not gay. 
 If  you are gay... 
  I'm not gay! 
 People are gay. My cousin is gay. It's not a big deal. 
 I'll still be your friend, but I just... 
 Michaela! 
 It was a stupid thing that happened when I was a kid, a horny kid. 
 I'm not some guy on the down low. 
 You know that. 
 I love you. 
 I'm not gay. 
 My wedding dress is vera wang... 
 Not off-the-rack vera wang... Bespoke vera wang. 
 It cost me a fortune. 
 So, you better be sure. 
 You can't embarrass me, Aiden. 
 I have a plan for my life, and it doesn't include you ruining us. 
 You hear me? 
 So you'd better be sure because if you ever do anything like that again, I will divorce you, and I will take all your money, and I will destroy any chance you have at a political career. 
 [ Breathes deeply ] 
 I'm sorry. 
 I'm so sorry. 
 [ Sighs ] 
 Annalise : I appreciate your patience. 
 I just needed some time to ensure I could be fully committed to the case. 
 So, you've come to a decision? 
 I have. 
 Sam : Caught ya! 
 Sorry. 
 [ Chuckles ] Just a little snack. 
 You guys come to a decision yet on that football player? 
 She didn't tell you? 
 Annalise : I'd like to announce the new owner of the trophy... 
 A student who has shown dedication, hard work, and the audacity to speak up for the pawns in this world. 
 Mr. Gibbins, come claim your prize. 
 From this point on, I'd like to ban any further discussion on the Lila stangard murder in this classroom, as I'm representing one of the defendants, Rebecca Sutter. 
 Bonnie : I know. 
 Frank and I had the same look on our face when she told us. 
 Well... 
 She can't resist a challenge, can she? 
 [ Door buzzes ] 
 Annalise, I heard you were on this case, though it doesn't look like it'll be a long one anymore. 
 Excuse me? 
 Your client just confessed. 
 Got it all on tape, too. 
 [ Footsteps departing ] 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 