Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x11 - Best Christmas Ever - How to Get Away with Murder 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x11 - Best Christmas Ever https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=188&t=16421 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/06/15 04:07 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x11 - Best Christmas Ever 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "How to Get away with Murder"... 
 No offense. I think I liked Rudy's setup better. 
 Rudy? 
 Yeah, he's the freak who lived here before you. 
 Come on. We had fun. 
 You  had fun. 
 I was drunk and desperate. 
 Rebecca goes to trial unless we get the charges against her dismissed. 
 We have to prove that my husband murdered lila stangard. 
 To allow this trial to proceed would be a gross miscarriage of justice. 
 Reporter : Miss Sutter, how does it feel to have the charges against you dropped? 
 [Camera shutters clicking] 
 Whatever his wife told you, my brother is no murderer. 
 Your sister-in-law's in town. 
 [Birds chirping] 
 [Cellphone vibrating] 
 [Beep] 
 [Tv chatter] 
 Crowd :  6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. 
 Happy new year! [ Cheers and applause ] Wes : I'm so sorry. Annalise : Don't be. [Bell tolls] Bonnie : Hi. How was your trip? Where is she? Upstairs. Hi. The Petersons still have that swing set that Sam and I used to play on when we were kids, even though their own children moved out... What?... 30 years ago. Mrs. Peterson is still there. Garrett died last fall. You've been avoiding me. No. Well, you haven't answered my phone calls. Well, I went home. I had to get my head together. To your mother's house. Bonnie said. How is she? She's good. I can't remember the last time Sam mentioned that you visited her. Well, it's been a while. Annalise, can we please not do this? I don't know what you mean. Can you at least tell me if you're concerned about him? Of course. Then why leave? When a person goes missing... "Fled," you mean? Either way, you don't leave. You stay. You put up posters. But you stay so that you're there when they come back. He's not coming back. How do you know that? He killed a girl. He doesn't want to go to jail. How do you know? Did he tell you? The detectives say that you confronted him, but he didn't confess anything. Would you? If you were my wife and a defense attorney, yeah, you bet I would. Well, you're not a killer. He is. What about foul play? Why isn't that the first thing you think of... Foul play, that... that maybe he's been hurt? None of this makes any sense, Annalise. Did you know I-I was with him the day after that girl was killed... Lila. We spent the entire Labor Day weekend together. We... we went over... we had lobsters at Hemingways, and he helped fix the screen door on my front porch, and we talked about you, about how much he wanted that new job at Yale, and how he really thought that a fresh start would be really, really good for the both of you. How could he have done all those little things a-after he had just strangled a girl to death? I don't know. People don't make sense. W-what is this? [Sighs] That's the evidence that I presented to the court to prove that he killed that girl. You read it, and then you'll understand what I've been going through. Whatever's in that box, that's not my brother. He is  not  the man we thought he was. Connor : Hey there, killer. Funny. First day of a new semester. It's all so exciting, isn't it? Hey. Oh, God. Thank God you're both here. I was... I was getting really anxious. Why? Are you worried that I finally went to the police without you and waitlist keeping an eye on me? Connor... Happy new year. How was everyone's break? What is that? It's a fake. I bought it with cash at a jewelry mart in Chinatown. So, did everyone have a nice holiday? Yeah. Um... [Chuckles] Well, mine was great. Aiden and I spent most of it in East Hampton with his parents, then went to the mayor's new year's party at Gracie Mansion. Is there any news about the sister? Did Annalise scare her back to Boston yet, or did she just kill her? What are you talking about? Sam's sister. She got here right before the break. She went to the police, said she didn't believe any of it. She at least told you, right? No. [Door opens, closes] Annalise: Welcome back, everyone. Vacation is over. This is How to Get away with Murder, the second semester, where things get even harder than the first. [Indistinct conversations] Wes : Why didn't you tell me? I didn't think you needed to know. It's his sister. How would I not need to know that? If I don't tell you these things, it's because they're not things that you need to concern yourself with. You have enough on your plate. How is she? Good. And you? How are you? I'm tired. I can imagine. [Knock on door] Come in! We've got a walk-in who claims she needs a lawyer for a D.U.I. incident. You think it's press? Rubbernecker, more likely. Do you want me to get rid of her? No. We can use some fun around here. What precinct gave you the D.U.I.? Excuse me? D.U.I.S are issued with paperwork from the precinct that pulled you over. You don't have it? Can we talk alone? No, because I don't believe you. Have you got a good enough look yet at the house where the Middleton strangler lived? God, I missed this place. No, that's not why I... I don't care about what your husband did. I'm here for you. I see. So you want to see the freak that sold out her husband up close, huh? No, I don't think you're a freak. I... I want to do what you did. I'm no role model. You need to leave. Please. I don't have anybody else. That's not my problem. I think you're gonna want to take my case. I've already decided I don't. My husband's holding two girls captive in our basement. Rebecca : Best Christmas ever. [Sighs] Don't have to eat dry turkey or pretend that Uncle Ray isn't ripped on scotch and looking at us inappropriately. What's that? Christmas card for Rudy. [Siren wails in distance] Hmm. Weird. Why wouldn't his relatives know he doesn't live here anymore? I don't know. Maybe he's like us. Sucky family. He ever say that to you? No. I hardly ever talked to him. [Sniffs] Let's... open it. [Groans] No. All right. Oh, it's from his grandma! Oh, and she's very generous. We can get beer with dinner now. She'll think he still lives here unless we return it. You did better last night. I only had to wake you once. [Sighs] I'm sorry. Let's have ice cream for breakfast. I freaking love an orphan's Christmas. Jackie : I ran away when I was 16, slept on the street. He said he would look out for me. So we got married, but I could never get pregnant. Then he showed up with Rachel, and I didn't know what to do. I just knew I didn't want him to hurt her the way he hurt me. Then Lynn came. She's pregnant again, about to deliver. Last time, the baby died. So this time... That's why I'm here. That can't happen again. Annalise : Call the D.A. Tell them that we want to make a plea deal. She's helping lock girls in a basement. Why would we want to protect her? Did you hear her? She was 16 when she met him. She's a victim of his abuse, too. But she's an adult now who held those two girls captive in her own house. And she's finally doing the right thing. What? Have none of you ever done anything bad that you need a lawyer for? Sometimes your client wants to plead guilty. And it doesn't happen often, but when it does, you have to make sure you get them the best plea deal possible. Galvinson : What are you looking for? Accessory after the fact, no jail time, treatment for medical and psychological conditions. Well, that's gonna be hard without even giving us her name, Annalise. There are two girls rotting in a basement, one of whom's about to give birth if that man doesn't beat her to death first. Give us a deal. Then we bring her in. If the D.A. agrees to the terms of the plea deal, then it's your job to make sure that every word out of your client's mouth is an element that you use in their defense. I did what I could to protect them, cooked for them, cleaned their clothes. I loved them... In spite of him. Of course, there's no guaranteeing that the prosecutor will keep up their end of the bargain, which is why you record everything your client says in the room. Last time, he wouldn't let us go to a hospital, and our little girl was stillborn. I can't let that happen again. Lynn deserves to keep this one. Get down! [Groaning] I need someone to know the truth... So the girls can finally be safe. They deserve to be safe. [Both sobbing] [Indistinct conversations] Annalise... I was just meeting with Detective Amos. He mentioned that you were here, working on your "House of Horrors" case. Have you looked at the evidence yet? Making my way through it. Well, once you do, let me know what you think. They have a lead on Sam. A police officer's wife called from upstate New York and said she thinks she saw him at a rest stop. No one told you? No. Right. I guess they think you have your hands full with your case. I'll talk to Amos, see what he knows. Sure. Jorge : No, no, no, no, no. I lost the holiday golf classic under protest. Scott springer... City commissioner springer. Yes. He kicked the ball to get a better lie. But I didn't want to say anything because I did not want to lose that contract. But I tell you right now, I wanted to take my 5-iron, and I wanted to bludgeon that son of a bitch! Wait till Laurel passes the bar before you assault anyone. Actually, dad would be charged with more than assault for that, probably aggravated battery with a deadly weapon. Hmm. Looks like someone's learning a lot. [Laughter] Vanessa, whatever happened with Juanita? Do you still think you want to replace her? I  am  learning a lot, especially working with this defense attorney. She just found out her husband killed a student who he was having an affair with. I-is that a joke? No, he strangled her on the roof of a sorority house and then put her in a water tank. Now he's gone missing. This is who you've been working for? I thought I told you. I don't remember. Oh, right. That's 'cause you never asked. Well, actually, she did call once to ask me if I was dating anyone. I am, by the way... Two guys at the same time. Jorge :  Mija! [Conversing in Spanish] No, no, no! Feliz navidad. [Screams] I know you probably can't tell me what you're doing about Sam's sister. You're right, so don't ask. But I was also thinking about Connor's car. What about it? It's loaded with forensic evidence. And no matter how many times he gets it cleaned... This is how you get caught... By being dumb enough to talk about any of this inside a courthouse. So sit quiet at the kiddie table and know the adults are taking care of things. Asher : Oh, franky D! Hey, you want to hit up the squeaky Z tonight? Been a solid week since we blew some backs out. It depends on work. All right, son. You let me know, yo. Judge Marber : How does the defendant plead? No contest, Your Honor. However, we've entered into a plea agreement with the D.A. What are the terms? Uh, we've agreed on three years probation and immediate outpatient treatment at a mental-health clinic. I can't accept this until I hear from the victims themselves. Your Honor, it would be cruel to subject these women to open-court testimony. We'll hold an in-camera session tomorrow. No public, no jury, no press. Next case! [Gavel bangs] You said I'd get out today. It's just a formality. [Handcuffs click] Draft questions for my cross-examination of the girls, anything that establishes Jackie was Vince's victim, too, and helps the judge to accept the deal. She's a victim. That's how the cycle of abuse works. So stop judging and do your job. I object to working on this case on moral grounds. Then you can go work at another law office. Really? You're gonna fire me when I could file a sexual-harassment suit? Oh. Do you want to come in? Who are we visiting? Your boyfriend? Well, if you won't talk to me, I have no choice but to find answers to my questions in more unorthodox ways. By stalking me? Call it what you want. It must feel good, huh, knowing you were right about me this whole time? I've only ever loved you, Annalise. No, you just tolerated me, because you've been too busy tearing me apart, waiting for Sam to throw out the garbage he married. Your words reveal a lot more about what you feel about yourself right now than me. I'm not one of your patients, so don't try to psychoanalyze me. God forbid, no. So, sure you don't want to come in? No. I'm good out here. Suit yourself. [Dog barking in distance] Nate : You ignored my call on Christmas. It went to voice-mail on the second ring. And the same thing happens on New Year's. Were you busy with family? Mm. Did you spend Christmas with Nia? Yeah. How is she? I'm sorry. We don't have to talk about her. Because you don't want to? No. No, I just... I want to talk about whatever you want. We wanted to get her into this clinical trial, but her numbers... they didn't check out. I told her about you. She wants me to be happy. I said I'd tell her the same thing if it was me in the hospital. I don't think she's right. You're very lucky you found her. [Breathes deeply] Yeah. [Wes screaming] Wes. Shh, shh. Wes. I know. Hey, you fell asleep when we were studying. Which one was it? The house, woods, Connor with a chainsaw? [Exhales sharply] No. I was locked in a basement. That's good. You're moving on to current events. No more falling asleep while you're working cases about crazies. Palate cleanser. Come on. [Sighs] Let's watch... Adorable baby animals getting belly rubs. Here comes Mr. Sea Monster, and he's hungry for something that tastes like little children! Okay, enough torturing your Uncle. Go find daddy. Go. Go! [Both laugh] You didn't like my present? He thinks you're gorgeous. And honestly, isn't he? Yeah. I'm just trying to be good. [Laughs] You, good? [Laughs] What is it? Tell me so I can help. ♪ And Christmas is in the air ♪ [Inhales sharply] ♪ I pray when we come together ♪ Um... ♪ Our loved ones will all be there ♪ Just I-I-I have a boyfriend. What?! Who? Uh, his... his name is Oliver, and it's... It's really new, and I don't want to make a big deal of it, so just don't... don't tell mom. Oh, God, no. She'd probably start planning the wedding. Gross. [Laughs] What? Hmm. Nothing. Just... my slutty little brother is finally growing up. My grandma made it. So this is a regift? I couldn't pull it off, but  you  totally can. Oh, yeah! Look at that! All right, grab your coat. We're gonna be late for our reservation at Moretti's. What are you talking about? It's like zero degrees out. You'll be happy you're wearing your hat. No, no. I... I mean, what are you doing, bringing me gifts and making reservations at fancy restaurants? Well... I-I like you, and I want to spend time with you. I can't, not tonight. I-I already rented a movie, and it's gonna expire if I don't watch it. Okay, yeah. I'm down for a night in. I didn't invite you to stay. We're not dating. And last I heard, you were supposed to be dealing with your drug problem. I haven't used since that night. Well, yeah, because you were on vacation without any school or crazy professors making you work 40 hours a week. I'm not... [sighs] I'm not gonna freak out again. I promise. Look, if you kick me out right now, I can't guarantee that I'm not gonna go straight to a dealer and buy an eight ball. Fine. But you stay on your end of the couch. And you can't laugh at what I rented. Uh, what's "The Thorn Birds"? What did I say? [Laughs] [Sniffs] 
 
 What the... My car was stolen. What? Are you kidding? You think I would make a joke about this, Michaela? You didn't tell the police? No, I didn't tell the police. Obviously, I can't. There's traces of... you know. Ask Frank what you should do. Does anyone else think it's weird that those two are butt buddies? And we're murderers. Big whoop. Frank. So, uh, my... my car was stolen. Bummer. You report it to the police? No. Do you think I should? Don't you want the insurance money? Was there a time that you saw Jackie's husband hurt her? Yes. And did she ever hurt you? She was always nice, like a mother. Did Jackie ever try to help you... Bring you food, clothing? She snuck us things when she could. I like to crochet, so she'd bring me yarn. Was Jackie ever there during the times that Mr. Groves visited you at night? No, but she would visit us before, give us milk. She said it would help put us to sleep so we wouldn't have to... know what he was doing. Annalise : You drugged them?! I was trying to help them. By helping your husband rape those girls, making them pliable. You've never been raped, have you? Because I have been, by him, before him, as a child. The memory of that is worse than what happens to you. So, yes, I helped put them to sleep, but only so they wouldn't have the memories. So she drugged these girls, lied to us about it, and we still haven't dropped the case. Remind me why. This isn't a democracy. If Annalise believes a client is worth saving, then we save her. Huh, you know, that would have sounded a hell of a lot more convincing coming out of A.K.'s mouth. Look into the evidence they found at the house, the girls' testimony. Just find us something that will help us go back to the judge. Good work with Connor's car. What do you mean? He find it? No, and he won't, because  you  stole it and probably already had it destroyed. It's also why you're hanging out with Asher. In case he starts getting suspicious, "keep your enemies close" type thing. You've got quite an imagination. Mm. Whatever. Take my ideas. Just don't say I don't deserve to be in the grown-up table. Okay? Jackie :  Last time, he wouldn't let us go to a hospital, and our little girl was stillborn. I can't let that happen again. Lynn deserves to keep this one. Our little girl was stillborn. I can't let that happen again. Lynn deserves to keep this one. Lynn deserves to keep this one. Dude, this isn't a remix I'm really down with. What if  she  kept the baby? What do you mean? She says, "our little girl." Like the baby's hers, too, and, "Lynn deserves to keep this one." Maybe the other one was taken from her. That baby is alive, isn't she? That's why you wanted a plea where you serve no time... Because you're raising the baby you told Lynn was born dead. Admit it! She's my little girl. [Voice breaking] And I love her. Where is she, Jackie? Tell me right now. Get me my plea deal. Then I'll tell you where she is. I'll swing by the house tomorrow and check it out. Yeah, merry whatever to you, too. Oh, who is that? Bonnie. Ah. She stay in town or she go visit her family? Nah, her family's messed up. What do you care? I don't. Just we all work together, and we barely know anything about her. So her family's messed up? What the hell? You into her? [Scoffs] No! God no! [Indistinct conversations] [Laughter] How would you like to ride  my  pony? Oh! Mmm! Don't go there. Why not, man? She's at least a... six. She'll send you to the doctor unless you double wrap. Trust me. Well, at least we'd be Eskimo bros, then. Am I right? [Bottles clink] Unh. I'll be there in 20. Ow! I'm staging a walkout. Here we go. Follow me! Except for you. We know you don't have the balls. Over here. You can't interfere with my legal right to protest. Now. I crossed a line with you, yes, but we are both professionals here, and you need to grow up and start respecting me if we are gonna keep... You hurt my feelings... a lot. And I know I should be used to it now, because everyone here makes fun of me all the time, but you didn't, and then you were mean to me for no reason. Yeah, whatever. I'll... I'll stop being a jerk. Your husband told us the baby died two months ago. Because that's what I told him. She'd just turned 4, and I saw the way he started looking at her. I couldn't let that happen. So I told him she died and that I took care of it. Then... why turn him in? You kept that child safe. Because of Lynn. She's about to deliver, and I-I want her to know how amazing it is to be a mother. What's the baby's name? Heather. Is someone with Heather? Is she being taken care of? She has a buddy, a giraffe, that she talks to when she is scared at night. She knows mommy always comes back. I thought I'd be back. Thank God I don't have a gun, or else I'd shoot her myself. She didn't tell you where she is? No, not unless a deal is on the table. Where's the D.A.? He's just around the corner. [Sighs] Congratulations. The D.A. gave you what you want... No jail time and a suspended sentence. Now give us her location. But I'll never see her again. This is what you wanted, Jackie! No, I wanted to be back with her. She's my daughter. The rest of this... [Breathing heavily] You claim you're not a monster. Don't be as bad as him. Protect the only innocent person left in all of this filth. [Voice breaking] She's in a cabin my aunt owned... 9123 Mayersville Road. [Sobs] [Door opens] Laurel : So, we need to talk. We can't just go back to being strangers like nothing ever happened. This is stupid. I'm going inside. Michaela. What happened to you over the break? Everything can't be as perfect as you said. I'm fine. No, you're pretending to be fine. But how could you after what we did? That's enough group therapy for me. Connor, unless we all start talking, we are all gonna fall apart, and that is exactly how we're gonna end up in jail. I got back together with Kan. I am trying to get over Frank. I saw my family over the break. It was the worst thing ever. So I actually missed you guys. You... what's going on with you? I can't sleep without having nightmares. I'm scared I might be going crazy. Great. That's great. [Scoffs] Connor... No. [Scoffs] Look, you wanted to talk. Let's talk about how you lied to Michaela and me, how you sold us out to Annalise. You want to talk about that? Don't drag me into this. No, we're on the same team, Michaela. But these two... I mean, w-w-what did Annalise call them, the... the... the quiet ones, the dangerous ones? I mean, for all we know, they're still playing us. Playing you? See? You just proved my point. That is exactly why we have to talk. I don't want to tell you people anything about myself! Okay, fine. But then you can't secretly hate us, okay? Because that is exactly how we're gonna end up getting caught. Fine. We talked. I'm going inside. What's going on here? Hi. I'm Hannah, Sam's sister. Who are all of you? [Indistinct conversations] ♪ The snow is snowing, candlelight is glowing ♪ 
♪ It is Christmas time at last ♪ [Laughing] ♪ Christmas time, love is everywhere ♪ 
♪ With someone who loves me ♪ That was the best thing... What's going on? Michaela. Who are you? Michaela, stop. Are you two screwing? Excuse me? Michaela, this is Holden Wescott. We worked together on the mayor's campaign. ♪ Twelve o'clock Christmas Eve ♪ What is wrong with you? I don't know. I just... [Inhales sharply] Everything at school is really hard. What does that have to do with me? It doesn't. I just... I... You just humiliated me in front of a colleague. Oh, God. I had too much champagne. That only explains it if this was the first crazy thing that you've done this trip. You slept the entire time at my parents' house. I had to convince my mother not to call a psychiatrist, which now I think we should have done. Okay. I'll be better. I promise. No, no. No, I can't do this anymore. What?! I think we should postpone the wedding. [Scoffs] No. [Laughs] No! No, no! Don't... don't do this. I swear I'll do anything you want. Just don't... don't do this. [Voice breaking] I love you. I want to marry you, and you want to marry me. [Sighs] No. No, I don't... Not when you're like this. I'm sorry. No. I'm sorry. No, no. Aiden... [Screams] Laurel : Michaela. M-m-m-m-my ring. I will let Annalise know you stopped by. Oh, good. And tell her none of that was as helpful as I'd hoped. Not one girl in that sorority house saw him go upstairs to the roof that night. And what about the fact that Sam's DNA was nowhere on that girl? Annalise would be able to get this case thrown out with her eyes closed. Please, Bonnie, help me. Help me figure out what's going on here. I know how special you were to Sam. You should go. Annalise : They found Heather. She was dehydrated and malnourished, but she's okay. Oh, thank God! [Sobs] She's with Lynn. It's good they have each other to get through this. I know I can't see her, but maybe when she's 18, once she understands why I did this, she'll want to see me again. You won't be out of jail by then. But I'm not going to jail. I have a deal. I said you had a deal, but no one was here to testify to that fact, just you and me, and you're not the only good liar in this room. I've withdrawn as your lawyer. Good luck finding a new one. ♪ I salute you, Christopher ♪ Connor : If I'm being honest, I looked forward to "the Thorn birds" all day. ♪ I salute your life ♪ Didn't school start again? I mean, don't you have to go home and do work? ♪ How you played the dice ♪ Yeah, but, you know, it's the first we,k, and I have to find out if Ralph and Meggie finally do it. ♪ Your words will live in us ♪ 
♪ Timelessly insane ♪ You don't get to do that. Uh... you kissed me. Exactly. I'm so stupid. Look, Oliver, relax, okay? No. don't you get it? You... You go through life looking like you do, meeting guys all the time, but me... You're... you  were  special to me, and then you hooked up with that other guy. Look, Oliver, I-I really like you, too. I more than like you! Damn it. Like... You know the way that you can't do drugs? That's how you are for me. Look, we can... we can take this slow. Just... I don't trust anyone in my life right now except you. So just don't... don't make me go, please. The New York call cost us more money than I first thought. Still, I think it got them off the scent for a few days. They have a lead on Sam. A police officer's wife called from upstate New York and said she thinks she saw him at a rest stop. Thank you for taking care of that for me. Anything else? I know you said not to worry, but she's snooping around everywhere. It's making the kids freak out a bit. Well, tell them not to do that. I will. But she wants answers, Annalise. You want me to handle it, just say the word. No. I can take care of it myself. ♪ I salute you, Christopher ♪ 
♪ I salute your life ♪ 
♪ How you played the dice ♪ Can't remember the last time I saw you cook. Me neither. Brussels sprouts? Seriously, is that what we're doing... brussels sprouts? All right? I-I got the call. I thought you invited me here and that we might talk... Actually talk. I'm trying here, Hannah. No, you're not. You're hiding, Annalise. You're hiding, when a man we both love is missing or worse. And yet you just hide behind this wall. Just because I'm not behaving in the way you would... I am not asking you to cry on my shoulder, Annalise! I am asking you to be a real person! I am who I am. If you don't like it, I don't care. Oh, you  do  care. Otherwise, you wouldn't be so busy avoiding me so that I couldn't see through you to see what this performance is all about. Sam felt it, too. But you know what? I'm done with it. I'm done with it! I want the truth! All right, go ahead. You want the truth? Go ahead and ask me. When did you start sleeping with Nate? This summer. He was one of the detectives on my case. We met up at the courthouse the next day, had drinks. And that was after Sam was sleeping with Lila. When did you find out about Lila? Three months ago. You told the police it was after he'd already disappeared. I lied. I was already representing Rebecca when I saw the photos, him on Lila's phone, and I did everything I could to cover his tracks. I got rid of evidence. I did things that would have ruined my practice, got me arrested. I tried to help him, Hannah. You know, all this time, I was praying that you were hiding him somewhere, that all of this vilifying him in public, this avoiding me was just a ruse, that you were covering, that you had him someplace safe. That's not true, is it? He's gone. ♪ No submit, no compromise ♪ 
♪ Saint Christopher of the truth ♪ Wes : Hey, guess what I bought on the way home. It's, uh, a CD of ocean sounds. Apparently, if you play it, you dream of oceans and mermaids, and you don't have nightmares [TV chatter] Where dead people chase you through the woods. Wes, we have a real nightmare. [Keyboard clacking] Woman :  The human remains were found one week ago at the landfill. And although police have yet to come forward with a public statement, our sources tell us the body belongs to Middleton University professor Sam Keating, reported missing by his wife on December the 13th. Mr. Keating is also wanted for questioning in the murder investigation of Lila Stangard. ♪ I declare you as our king ♪ Right now, police are still trying to determine the cause... ♪ Or queen, depending on your mood ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 