Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x04 - Drums of War - The Messengers 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x04 - Drums of War https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=275&t=18195 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/09/15 06:05 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x04 - Drums of War 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Joshua : In the beginning, a star fell from heaven and changed us. Made us angels and gave us a new destiny: to stop the Apocalypse and the Devil himself. We must pass God's test and prove humanity is still worth saving. For we are the Messengers. 
 Previously on The Messengers... 
 Alan : The military covered up a giant hole in the earth. 
 And I think this piece of meteorite has something to do with it. 
 Where's the rock? 
 I left it right here. 
 (tires screeching) Hey! 
 Hey! Wait! Stop! 
 We need to find and stop the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse. 
 But they're regular people, just like we are. 
 Except the Devil is tempting each of them to commit some kind of terrible sin, and once they do, they're no longer human. 
 They've broken a fateful seal. 
 The Seven Seals of the Apocalypse. 
 I think the prime minister is about to commit a sin. 
 The imam said even his own people would curse him. 
 The visions clearly point to Senator Richards. 
 I think it's her. 
 What if it's neither? 
 The energy summit's tomorrow night. 
 The prime minister and the senator will both be there. 
 Then so will we. 
 (sirens wailing) 
 Peter Moore. You're under arrest for the murder of Sam Murphy. 
 (birds chirping) 
 (grunts) 
 Any luck? 
 Had a bail bondsmen check into Peter's status. 
 He was taken to Harris County Jail. 
 Now, it's not exactly a place I can walk into, so... it's all I could get. 
 Yeah. I'll go see what I can find out. 
 I still can't believe it. 
 I mean, that kid? Murder? 
 It's got to be some kind of mistake. 
 Either way, Peter's one of us. 
 And we need to work together if we want to have any chance of stopping the senator or prime minister at that energy summit tonight. 
 Rose : What are you reading? 
 Chapter six, verse four. 
 "And there went out another horse that was red: 
 "and power was given to him that sat thereon to take peace from the earth." 
 It says a third of all people on the Earth will be killed after the Horsemen unite. 
 That's two billion people. 
 You look tired, Josh. Did you sleep last night? 
 No. 
 Who could sleep with all the terrible things that are about to happen? 
 I mean, it's prophecy. It's all... it's all written right here. 
 On paper. 
 It's not chiseled in stone. 
 God is testing us, Joshua. 
 Our fate lies in the choices we make. 
 Yeah. I... 
 In that case, I guess I better get a fresh cup of coffee. 
 How 'bout decaf? (chuckles) 
 (music playing, barking on TV) 
 Sorry about your dad. 
 (thumping) 
 What are you doing? 
 A science experiment. 
 Testing your gift? 
 What did Rose call it, spirit walking? 
 Yeah, it should be called defective, 'cause it no longer works. 
 Your gift was healing, right? 
 Come with me. 
 Erin : I'm not sure I like where this is going. 
 Vera... 
 Heal me. 
 What? 
 What's going on? 
 Erin's trying to heal me. 
 You thought about a Band-Aid? 
 (sighs) 
 I don't get it. 
 Why don't our gifts work all the time? 
 My question exactly. 
 Meanwhile, ow. 
 Sorry. 
 (shouts) 
 Joshua. 
 (falcon crying) 
 You have lost your mind, Joshua! 
 (echoing): Even God can't help you! 
 (panting) 
 He just had another vision. 
 What did you see? 
 (panting) 
 I saw myself dying. 
 How do you know you were dying? 
 There was a lot of blood. 
 And, uh, my dad was yelling at me. 
 What about the other parts of the vision? 
 The arms breaking the shackles could be Peter. 
 I mean, who else do we know that could do that? 
 And what about the falcon? Maybe it's symbolic for something. 
 A hunter closing in on the kill? 
 If you ask me, the dead soldiers might point to the prime minister as our Horseman of War. 
 Vera : If God wants to motivate us, what is with all the Pictionary? 
 Why can't he just tell us what he wants us to do? 
 So what do we do now? 
 You should all go to Austin and try to do whatever you can to stop the Horseman from committing the sin. 
 What about you? 
 I have to try and figure out a way to get Peter out of jail. 
 Then we'll join you guys there. 
 Peter was chosen to be a Messenger. 
 His destiny lies with us, not in jail. 
 I think you should look into the prime minister first. 
 His country is this close to falling apart. It's a dangerous situation. 
 Exactly. And now we're gonna start messing with him? 
 A-a foreign leader. Not to mention a U.S. senator. 
 You realize if we're wrong about the visions, we could wind up in prison. 
 Joshua : Or worse. 
 Look, I get your reluctance to follow my visions. 
 N-No offense, but your most recent vision seems to be more about your personal life than it does about finding any Horseman. 
 Maybe you should look into that. 
 Was there anything else you saw in your vision that could help us understand it more clearly? 
 (crying) 
 I'm not sure. 
 Well, you need to be. 
 So do whatever it takes to get there. 
 You've heard what Joshua's dad's been saying in the news about him, right? 
 He's had mental issues in the past. 
 We all have our crosses to bear. 
 Then how can you be so sure that his visions are legit? 
 You're the scientist. 
 Go prove they aren't. 
 (sighs) 
 (indistinct chatter) 
 (man coughing) 
 Woman : They didn't give you any warning? 
 Do they ever when they're passing out pink slips? 
 Woman : What about Peter's adoption? 
 They won't grant it if you're unemployed. 
 They'll send him back to that group home. 
 (sighs) 
 Peter! 
 Peter! 
 (gasps) 
 (coughing, gasping) 
 Whoa. 
 Come on. Get him. 
 (men chuckling, chattering) 
 Sorry, man. I didn't mean anything. You tripped over my foot. 
 _ 
 No, I don't... I don't understand. 
 _ 
 Guard : Hey! (clang) 
 Knock it off! 
 (keys clacking) 
 (knocking) 
 Hey, I got to go to Austin for the day. 
 I know. 
 Erin already asked me to watch Amy. 
 How you doing? 
 I'm fine. 
 'Cause it's okay not to be fine. 
 You know, you don't have to be so tough all the time. 
 You know, if you need to cry, you can cry. 
 Over what? 
 My dad is gone. 
 No funeral, no gravestone, no chance to say good-bye. 
 He's just gone. 
 (birds chirping) 
 Alan, what are you doing here? 
 I could ask you the same question. 
 How did you find me? 
 I have my ways. 
 Well, did you... did you get my message? Your cousin still works at the DMV. 
 Is he looking into the license plate? 
 He does. He's checking into it. 
 But meanwhile, there's still this nagging little issue. 
 Oh, my God. What was it? 
 Oh, yeah. You died on me twice in the last week. 
 I'm fine. 
 Oh, are you? 
 'Cause now you're hanging out at Walter White's house with a bunch of strange people you've never, ever mentioned before. 
 Kind of begs the question, what the hell? 
 Look, I can't tell you. So I need you to stop asking questions. Please. 
 Oh, I love games. Can I guess? 
 Okay. Um, you have a secret life with a secret family. 
 Close. Look, I don't need you to worry about me, okay? 
 I need you to worry about figuring out the name of the person who stole our rock by tracking down that van. 
 (car door opens) 
 (car door shuts) 
 (engine starts) 
 (door buzzes) 
 Peter Moore. 
 Today is your lucky day. 
 I'm your court-appointed attorney. 
 No speeding, okay? 
 I really don't want to get pulled over by the cops again. 
 First of all, you were driving. 
 Secondly, this car won't go over 35. 
 Stop that. 
 What? 
 Stay out of my head. 
 I'm not hearing anything. 
 You know, my gift's a lot like yours. I can't control it. 
 Sometimes I hear things, sometimes I don't. 
 You know, but as long as we're talking, what happened between you and your husband? 
 I didn't hear anything. 
 Okay, yeah, so I heard the thing a few days ago about you being wanted for kidnapping, but, you know, it's not my fault. 
 It's... I don't try. It's not a superpower I asked for. 
 Why can't I fly? I'd rather fly. 
 Look, if you don't want to talk about it, we don't have to talk about it. 
 I don't want to talk about it. 
 Fine. 
 Fine. 
 (engine starts) 
 (engine revving) 
 Seriously? 
 (indistinct shouting of children) 
 (crying) 
 What do you want? 
 I need to speak to my sister. 
 Now you need to talk? 
 'Cause you were pretty quiet when Dad kicked me to the curb. 
 That's your nephew. Caleb. 
 Just started first grade. 
 Loves T-ball. 
 Hits it a lot better than you ever did. 
 That's great. 
 You have a beautiful family. 
 For someone living a deviant life. 
 Dad called it that, not me. 
 But you didn't say anything in my defense. 
 Look, it wasn't... easy... for me to come here. 
 I've been having these... dreams... about Dad, and you were in them, too, Hope. 
 You were crying. 
 The image is... disturbing. 
 And I've been trying to understand what... 
 Wait, wait, wait. Are you only here because I'm a shrink? 
 Because if you really need some help, let me refer you to someone. 
 I'm here because you're my sister! 
 (voice breaking): And I need your help. 
 So, later today, you will be extradited back to Arkansas. 
 As your attorney, I strongly recommend that you plead guilty to the murder charge. 
 Hear me out. 
 In the face of the overwhelming evidence against you, I believe it's the most prudent thing to just... 
 What about self-defense? Sam threatened to kill me. 
 I've got a friend who's willing to testify to that. 
 Uh, you mean Alice? 
 How do you think the police were able to find you? 
 I'll do what I can to get you a reduced sentence. 
 You had a pretty rough ride. 
 Lifelong depression, suicide attempt, rejected from foster home after foster home. 
 What does that have to do with any of this? 
 Anger issues, too. 
 Look, my point is, it all paints a very sad story which should help garner sympathy from the DA. 
 I'm hoping I can talk them down to 30 years. 
 30 years? 
 If this goes to trail, you can get life. 
 You killed someone, Peter. 
 There's no getting around that. 
 It's part of you now. 
 Forever. 
 Hell... some of the people locked up in here actually take pride in it. 
 Me... 
 I couldn't live with myself. 
 (crowd chatter) 
 (indistinct chatter) 
 Man : Mr. Prime Minister, you and your wife can follow me to the green room. 
 _ 
 God, I hope this works. 
 (inhaling deeply) 
 (whooshing) 
 (sighs) 
 Woman : Here. 
 It'll calm your nerves. 
 (sighs) 
 You'll be fine. 
 Just don't throw up on the stage. 
 (both laugh) 
 Nazari : Ah, look at me. 
 My first international summit, and I am a nervous wreck. 
 Have we done the right thing coming here? 
 Wanting a better life for your people is always the right thing. 
 You know what I'm up against, Helen. 
 The only reason I'm here is to promote peace, while the warlords back home are ready to start civil war. 
 Everything is going to be fine. 
 Breathe, Abdul. 
 I believe in you. 
 We all do. 
 (door opening) 
 (sighs) 
 Man : Hello? 
 (gasps loudly, coughs) MAN: Are you okay? 
 (panting) 
 (panting continues) 
 Can't a girl power-nap in peace? 
 No, I think it's time we switch gears, Rose. 
 I'm having serious doubts about the prime minister being our guy. 
 Look, I'm gonna try to get to the senator through a chief of staff, but... 
 In fact, there he is. 
 I got to go. 
 Mr. Beckett? 
 A word. Vera Buckley, National Deep Space Agency. 
 I was hoping to get a meeting with Senator Richards today. 
 (laughs) You're joking, right? 
 She's about to start an international energy summit. 
 I know she's busy, but if anyone can get me two minutes with her, it's you, right? 
 Look, it's about the new spending bill. 
 Which she already supports, unless you'd like to keep bothering me until I make her change her mind. 
 (elevator bell dings) 
 If I could just... 
 Call the office. 
 You got to admire her moxie. 
 (sighs) 
 How many more of these favors do I have to do? 
 As many as I tell you to. 
 I keep my promises. You'll get what you want. 
 You know, I've been working in D.C. a long time. 
 You're not the first evil b*st*rd I've dealt with. 
 Well, they all work for me. 
 And so do you, so finish the job. 
 I'm trying! 
 Try harder. 
 
 
 
 Are you stalking me now? 
 What were you doing in there? 
 Getting a restraining order against you. 
 Oh. Well, what are the terms? I need to know how far... 
 I need you to stop following me, okay? 
 I can't tell you what's going on. 
 Then I can't tell you about the license plate. 
 What-what did they say? What did you find out? 
 You first. 
 For God sakes, Alan. 
 You asked me to do you a favor, which I gladly did, and now you want to shut me out? That's not how it works. 
 Okay, well, I don't have time for this, so tell me what you found out, or I'm gonna go. 
 Then go. 
 All right. 
 You never used to keep secrets from me, V. 
 (indistinct chatter) 
 Have you seen Vera? I lost track of her. 
 No. 
 What's that? 
 Our way in. 
 Congratulations. You are now an official employee of Galveston Oil, Miss... Dottie Frome. 
 What? 
 I'm an undercover agent. This is what I do. 
 Come on. 
 Raul, we are both wanted by the law, okay? 
 We need to be careful about drawing attention to ourselves. 
 Yeah, we really do. Hmm. 
 Look. There's the podium where Joshua saw himself. 
 And the crystal glasses. 
 Just like he described. 
 This has got to be the place from Joshua's vision. 
 Where are you going? 
 Try and get in some people's heads. 
 Hope : You said Dad yelled at you in a dream? 
 Said I've lost my mind, even God can't help me. 
 Ouch. 
 That hurts. 
 Coming from the man you idolized your whole life. 
 It's tough to heal that deep a wound. 
 God knows, it took me years of therapy. 
 Okay. 
 But what if I told you... they're not dreams? 
 And I'm having them... at all times of the day. 
 Even when I'm wide awake. 
 What if Dad's right? 
 What if I really am losing my mind? 
 Are you using again? 
 No. 
 I swear I'm clean. 
 Good. 
 That's good, Josh. 
 I'm sorry for what I did. 
 For turning my back on you. 
 And I hope someday I can earn your forgiveness. 
 Coming here was a start. 
 Listen, you want to get rid of all this pain? 
 Push Dad out of your mind. 
 Don't let his cruel words distract you. 
 You need to focus less on him and more on yourself. 
 Joshua Sr. : You have lost your mind! Even God can't help you. 
 Oh, God, that's it. 
 I got to go. 
 Uh, but before I do... 
 Will you let me know when Caleb's next T-ball game is? 
 'Cause I'd really love to go. 
 The man : You killed someone, Peter. 
 It's part of you, now, forever. 
 Me, I couldn't live with myself. 
 I thought you were happy here. 
 Why would you try to kill yourself? 
 They're taking me away because you lost your job. 
 No. I'm sorry, bud, but when a foster child does something like this, we're required by law to tell family services. 
 It's the last thing we want... 
 We love you, Peter. 
 I know you're in a dark place right now. 
 One day, you'll find the light. 
 And you're gonna do all kinds of good. 
 (men speaking indistinctly in distance) 
 (men speaking indistinctly in distance) 
 Guard : Peter Moore. 
 You have a visitor. 
 (buzzing) 
 What are you doing here? 
 I'm bringing you home. 
 Raul. Hey. 
 You hear anything? 
 Nothing useful. 
 Guess we'll never know where the clues'll be hidden. 
 Come on, Erin. God's not testing us, he's messing with us. 
 Well, I'm gonna go talk to that guy over there. 
 See if I can get any info out of him. 
 Why him? 
 He's the only one not wearing a wedding ring. 
 You're not the only one that can get into people's heads. 
 Hi there. 
 Hello... 
 Ms. Frome. 
 Oh, please, call me Dottie. 
 Up from Galveston, are you? 
 I am. 
 Proud to be a part of this. 
 Lots of security, I see. 
 Very comforting. 
 Oh, yeah. 
 Anything happens, we got you covered. 
 State police, Austin PD... and us. 
 Who's "us"? 
 Senator Richards' private security team. 
 Private security? Wow, that's impressive. 
 How'd you get such an important job? 
 Well, we're all vets. 
 Senator Richards has a foundation. 
 Helps place returning soldiers in jobs back home. 
 That's great. 
 That woman is a saint. 
 Don't know where I'd be without her. 
 Rose : Peter, you have to get out of here. Joshua had another vision. 
 He saw two arms breaking shackles. That's you, I know it. 
 Look, Rose, I'm in here for 30 years, at least. 
 Who told you that? 
 My attorney. 
 Well, what's his name? I want to talk to him. 
 I don't know. He didn't tell me. 
 Just that I should plead guilty and be done with it. 
 He actually told you that? 
 He said I killed someone. 
 Now it's a part of me. 
 Forever. 
 He said if he did that, he wouldn't be able to live with himself. 
 What did he look like? 
 Dark hair, with an accent? 
 Yeah. Why? 
 Listen to me, Peter. 
 I think that man was the Devil. 
 You may be the strongest of the messengers, physically, but emotionally, he thinks you're weak. 
 So he's trying to exploit that, take you out of action. 
 But you're a lot stronger than he thinks. 
 I know things seem hopeless right now. 
 You feel alone, lost, abandoned. 
 But I promise you, you're not alone. 
 You're part of a very important family now, and we will never, ever abandon you. 
 Yeah. 
 I've heard that before. 
 Guard : Moore. (buzzing, door opens) 
 Let's go. 
 You're heading back to Arkansas. 
 (door shuts) 
 I'm starting to think that maybe the senator isn't the Horseman, I mean, she seems like a legitimately good person. 
 That's what people say about the neighbor when he turns out to be a serial killer. 
 Look, he's right. You know, the fact is we don't have evidence against the senator or the prime minister. It's all just suspicion. 
 Maybe it's not one person dying. 
 If you think about what Josh has seen in the visions... 
 The dead bodies, blood-spattered glass... 
 What if it's some kind of a bomb or something? 
 All of the security checking people in, they would have caught it by now. 
 Not if the bomb was planted ahead of time. 
 It's not a bombing. I think it's an assassination. 
 Now, I saw the vision more clearly... a single bullet pulled from my chest. 
 Now what if that means that somebody up on that podium tonight is gonna get shot? 
 Well, there's only one problem with that theory. 
 The senator and the prime minister will both be standing there. 
 And if neither of them are the Horseman... 
 Then who is? 
 _ 
 _ 
 (horn honking in distance) 
 Look, just leave me alo... 
 (grunts) Oh! 
 (honking continues) 
 Aah! Oh. 
 (tires screech) 
 Peter. 
 _ 
 We have to go, now. 
 _ 
 Man : What? 
 You... You can't back out now, this was your idea in the first place. 
 We worked our asses off to put it together. 
 I just want to make sure that we've considered every option. 
 We have. We have. 
 We take out this prime minister right here, right now, in this very public forum and his country collapses into civil war. 
 It is the quickest way to insure a U.S. invasion. 
 Now isn't that what you want? 
 If I have this man killed, thousands, if not millions, will die. 
 You... You said it yourself: we should have finished that war the first time around. 
 Small price to pay for the life of your son. 
 You're really gonna let Jimmy's death be in vain? 
 Vera : Look, you can't-you can't listen... 
 You cannot listen to him. 
 Everything's in place, you're good to go. 
 Soon as you pick up the glass to drink, he takes the shot. 
 Hey, there you are. I've been looking for you all over. 
 I was Spirit Walking, and I think I figured out how our gifts work, okay? 
 It has to do with urgency. And what I just saw was as urgent as it gets. 
 What was it? 
 Senator Richards is gonna have the prime minister assassinated in order to avenge her son's death and start a war. 
 Well, that's it... that must be the sin that turns her into the Horseman, right? 
 So all of the bodies that Joshua saw were... 
 Casualties of a war she's about to start. 
 Look, we have to stop the senator from raising her glass, okay? 
 That's the shooter's cue. 
 (door opens) 
 (applause) 
 The summit's starting. 
 But who's the assassin? 
 He is a symbol of hope, not only for his country, but for the entire world. 
 His is a voice of peace (eerie, indistinct voices) and reconciliation, a voice that must be heeded now more than ever. 
 Because in these troubling times, people like Abdul Nazari seem harder to find. 
 People with the will and strength of character to stand up to those who would wage war... 
 (gasps) 
 Hello again. 
 Come with me. 
 Why? Is something wrong? 
 Yeah. Dottie Frome just checked in, and she's missing her name tag. 
 Falcon 1, I have a situation. 
 (quietly): Falcon. 
 That's it. 
 (eerie, indistinct voices) 
 Erin : Hey, Raul! 
 Erin : Please, can you hear me? 
 (sighs) 
 Falcon... from the vision. 
 It's someone on the security team. 
 He could be the shooter. 
 Falcon. 
 And strengthening the bond between our two countries. 
 (applause) Yes. 
 Let's hope this bond will continue far into the future. 
 (applause) 
 (loud rumbling) 
 (gunshot) 
 (screaming) 
 ♪ ♪ 
 What the hell just happened? 
 The First Seal's been broken. 
 Erin : But it doesn't make sense. We stopped the assassination, so why didn't that stop the senator from becoming the first Horseman? 
 Because she still made the decision to pick up that glass and have the shot fired... that was her sin. 
 Okay. So now we know she's the one. 
 Let's go after her. 
 We can't. 
 Once a Horseman breaks their seal, there's no reversing it. 
 Seriously? That's it? 
 All we can do now is find the next Horseman and try to stop him. 
 I should've come back sooner. 
 No, it's my fault. 
 I should've seen the vision clearer. 
 You did something good with your gift tonight. 
 I know it may not feel like it, but there's a lot we did right tonight, guys. 
 Starting with saving a man's life. 
 Not just his life, but thousands of his countrymen. 
 We've really worked together tonight. 
 She's right. 
 We can do this. 
 (door opens) 
 Alan, you're lucky I love you, 'cause you are getting on my last nerve. 
 There was an attempted assassination tonight in Austin. 
 You were there. 
 This isn't a game, V. 
 You could have died. Again. 
 So enough with the secrets... I deserve better. 
 Do you remember when you asked me who Michael was? 
 He's my son. 
 He was taken from me... seven years ago. 
 Kidnapped. 
 But I believe that these people can help me find him. 
 I also need you. 
 I need you to help me find that missing meteor, because... 
 I think it's somehow connected to this. 
 ♪ I'm gonna be okay... ♪ 
 The license plates are U.S. Government. 
 The van could be at any number of installations. 
 My cousin's working on narrowing the list. 
 Thanks. 
 I just don't want to see you get hurt. 
 I mean... because, believe it or not, beneath these rugged good looks is just a regular guy that actually cares a lot about you. 
 (laughs): Yeah, 'cause I would definitely call you rugged. 
 Well, in a certain light. 
 Or lack thereof. (sniffles, laughs) 
 Mm. Come on, I'll buy you a beer. 
 Now, that's being a good friend. 
 ♪ I believe ♪ 
♪ In something now ♪ 
♪ I will find my way somehow ♪ 
♪ A taste for living ♪ 
♪ new beginning... ♪ (line ringing) 
 Hello? 
 Hey. Mr. Cooper. 
 Dad. 
 Peter, is that you? 
 How are you, son? 
 I'm okay. 
 I just wanted to call and... 
 Say thank you. 
 You said one day I'd find the light. 
 You were right. 
 ♪ I'm gonna be okay ♪ 
 What is it? 
 Over here. 
 ♪ I'm gonna be okay... ♪ 
 That's you. 
 You just turned two. 
 Raul : I'm sorry for everything, Nadia. 
 You lost a father... 
 While I lost a brother. 
 Um, we still have each other. 
 (sniffles) 
 Everything cleaned up? 
 The entire security team's been taken care of... no one will be doing any whistle-blowing. 
 Good. 
 Want some more good news? The president wants to talk to you. 
 Apparently, you're a hero. 
 The way the press have been going, people actually think you saved the prime minister by taking a bullet for him. 
 It just bumped you up the short list for Secretary of Defense. 
 Your power just reached a new level. 
 Now I'm gonna bring the whole world to its knees. 
 So I guess you'll need someone to fill that seat in the Senate? 
 Don't worry, I'm gonna do everything I can to make sure that someone is you. 
 (bird cawing) 
 (sighs) Meantime... there's just one more loose end that needs tying up. 
 You'll clean up this mess? 
 Absolutely. 
 Good. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 (bird cawing) 
 (bird cawing) 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Newswoman (over computer) : Afghan Prime Minister Abdul Nazari returned home to a heroic reception this morning. 
 The faithful believe the botched assassination attempt was an act of divine intervention. 
 As a result, warring factions within the country have finally agreed to discuss peace. 
 This will pave the way for greater stability, not only within the trouble region, but also throughout the world. 
 Local news is next. 
 Newsman : Thanks, Jan. A nine-year-old... 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 