Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x10 - Why We Fight - The Messengers 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x10 - Why We Fight https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=275&t=19133 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 06/20/15 10:47 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x10 - Why We Fight 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Joshua : In the beginning, a star fell from Heaven and changed us. Made us angels and gave us a new destiny: to stop the Apocalypse and the Devil himself. We must pass God's test and prove humanity is still worth saving. For we are the Messengers. 
 Previously on The Messengers... Eliza : Your daughter's been touched with a gift of her own. Amy : Together again, just like my drawing. Is this all of us? Who's that? That's my friend Michael. He likes soccer. You promised me if I listened to your stories, I'd get my son back. Now where is Michael? What the hell is this? The man : St. Monica. The patron saint of mothers. I saw these two boys in my vision. Vera : I've seen them twice today, too. It's definitely a sign. These brothers must be connected to the next Horseman. How is Rose any different from the rest of us? The man : Because Rose is the Horseman of Death. Rest in peace, Joshua. (gasps) We can't save him, he's dead. He doesn't have to be. What do you mean? What if I told you I can bring him back from the dead? That if you give me what I want, I'll resurrect your friend? The man : All right, dear Messengers, take a moment and ask yourselves: What would Joshua do? He would do anything to save one of us. Except for make a deal with the Devil. But Eliza said we can't defeat the Horsemen unless all seven Messengers are truly united. We can't defeat anyone without Joshua. No, you can't. You need a man of vision, which means you need to share his latest vision with me, or... I will leave him for dead. And you can all go back to the bar and cry in your beer. If you want to know what his visions are, then you need him alive just as much as we do. Do I? I'll give you till the count of ten. One... It's a mistake. Don't listen to him. Two... What choice do we have? Three... How do we know this isn't just a lie? Four... We don't. Five... We want the same thing. Yeah, but for different reasons. Six... Seven... Guys, we don't have a choice. Eight... We're just gonna give the Devil what he wants? Nine... Vera : Joshua will be damned if we do, but we'll all be damned if we don't. Ten... now tell me what I want to hear and don't lie to me, or there will be hell to pay. Plowman Family Farms. Damn it, Vera! That's what Joshua saw in his last vision. The logo with a photo of the two brothers, Mark and Vincent... They own the company. The headquarters is in California. That's what we know. Farming and Famine. Sounds like a perfect match. Okay, you got what you wanted. Now bring Joshua back. Don't rush me, boy. (eerie chanting) (stops chanting) Vera : Joshua. (gasping) What have you done? So the Devil really brought me back to life? Vera : Yeah. And Rose really killed you? She's the Horseman of Death. Look, you didn't tell her anything about your visions, right? Not about Plowman Farms or... No. I lied. No one knows about the real vision but us. And the Devil. Erin : But at least we've got you back. Peter : But... h-how do we know what our next move is? Joshua : I know what to do. And as long as I'm alive... I will not let us fail. (train horn blaring) Joshua : I did a little research. The Plowmans are holding a public press conference the day after tomorrow and we gotta get there. So we're gonna train hop all the way to California? Tickets, please. Just messing with you. You're like a Michael Jackson video, you know that? So we're not sitting together? You're lucky you got seats at all. It's not easy hustling tickets for wanted fugitives. All aboard. Cindy : I have no doubt once you have a full grasp of Operation Genesis, you'll see that your hacking skills will come in very handy. You're sure the Devil won't find out about this? How would he? He seems to have his ways. Let's face it: Horsemen have worked with him for six generations. He's always been able to talk them out of the Apocalypse. Not this time. He just wants to hold onto his playground. We have a purpose. (train horn blares) We stop in Albuquerque next, then on to California. Should put us right in time for the event tomorrow at Plowman headquarters. And get this: These brothers, Mark and Vincent, they're not just farmers. They're big players in the genetically modified seed industry. Supposed to announce some new technology that's been kept under wraps. I wonder if that has anything to do with breaking the next Horseman's seal. Maybe... but let me ask you this: What was it like? What was what like? To be dead. In my culture, we believe in reincarnation. Just not the way you did it. So I'm curious. Do you remember anything? I saw a tunnel of light. You know, the one everyone always talks about? And I was headed right toward Heaven. And then, suddenly, I felt an ice-cold hand on the back of my neck, yanking me back. And it still feels like the Devil's got me tight in his grip. I know why y'all brought me back. But what if I go to Hell for it? Pick a card. Come on... this is the first card trick my father ever taught me. Learned it when I was, like, six. It's called "Dead Man's Hand." Just pick one, all right? And memorize it and put it back. And your card is... not here. You don't see it, do you? Mm-mm. That's weird. Check your pocket. Come on... Your card? It's still a good trick, though. Wait, that never... that never happens. It's okay. No, it's not. I know this trick like the back of my hand. What the hell is wrong with me? I, uh... It's getting worse. What is? Um, I've been forgetting things. Like, things that I've known all my life. It just... it started not too long ago. After you got your gift? You just shape-shifted at the train station, right? Yeah. So? Maybe the memory problems are the cost of your gift. (sighs) (gasps) You had a vision. What was it? There's a storm coming. Vera : I'm telling you, Amy has some kind of gift. See? Rose isn't in this. Somehow Amy knew she wasn't a Messenger. You just said she also drew the Devil at the Last Supper. I mean, what are you feeding this kid? And this... Michael's soccer uniform... It's the same one I saw in the video the Devil showed me. And the "M"... it could be for Michael. Did you ever show the video to Amy? No. She says it's her imaginary friend. I mean, somehow she has to be connected to all of this, right? Are you sure she's not a Messenger? I mean, if she is, we haven't seen her wings. Well, the Bible's full of characters. Maybe Amy's got a different role to play. How are you doing? Honestly, not great. I gotta get Amy away from all this. You know? Rose, the Devil, the things that she's seen... And now she's drawing pictures that seem to predict the future. I mean, I'm really worried about her. Sucks to be a parent, huh? Sometimes. You ever thought about being one? I am. (laughs): What? What do you mean? Gabriela told me... That I'm Nadia's father. Conductor (over P.A.) : Attention, passengers. Our next stop is Albuquerque. V, wait up! Uh, excuse me, sorry, sorry. V, what are you doing? It's just a quick stop. Oh, my God. No way. St. Monica, Patron Saint of Mothers. Want to buy a cupcake? We're raising money for our school soccer program. Mi-Michael? Mi... Michael. Oh, um... uh, yeah, chocolate, uh, please? Do you know this boy? Guys! Brian Fairburn. Yeah, I babysit for him all the time. Guys, the train's about to leave! Can I borrow this a second? Sure. I think I just found Michael. What are you talking about? Look at number three. That boy's my son. That-that-that's the same boy from the videos I saw. And the same boy from Amy's drawings. And-and look... The medallion the Devil gave me. St. Monica. It's the same name as this school. Look, we gave him what he wanted, and I think the Devil's given me a clue to find my son. Or it could be just another one of his tricks. But what if it isn't? I can't leave without knowing for sure. We can't give up on the mission. It's not safe for any of us to be alone right now. She's not alone. I'm staying, too. Vera, look at me. I know how important this is to you. But you cannot leave. It's my son. (P.A. chiming) Conductor : Attention, all passengers. This is the final boarding call for the westbound train. You need to tell Nadia as soon as we get back. I know. She already blames me for losing her dad. It's like, if I tell her this, then it's like I'm taking him away from her all over again. No, you're not taking anything away from her. You're just giving her the truth. Why did you tell me? Because the last time I wasn't honest with you, I almost lost you. And I don't want that to happen ever again. Do you still have feelings for Gabriela? Nah. I have feelings for you. Man : Son of a bitch! That's that kid wanted for murder. (quietly): Peter... Peter, wake up. You've been made. Keep him here, okay? Erin : Yeah. Come on! Answer the phone. Woman : Police Headquarters. How may I direct your call? Hey! This is Deputy Landis out of Flagstaff. Look, I'm off-duty, but I need to report a... (grunting) Sir? Sir, are you there? (phone beeps off) (train horn blows) I can't take you anywhere, can I? We gotta go. What's going on? Josh just had a vision. I saw a tree with a blue tire swing. And then rain started to fall... Red rain... and-and everything just turned to dust. The next seal maybe? Well, I hate to say it, but we got other problems. Cop just I.D.'d Peter. We gotta get off the train. But we need to get to the Plowman brothers. Change of plans. No. Listen to me. We already lost Vera and Alan. The rest of us have to stay on point. We can't do that behind bars. Peter's not the only one who's a fugitive here. Erin's wanted, I'm wanted. What do we do? Koa, cover me. (alarm rings) Everything's all right, folks. Just a quick maintenance check. We'll be back on our way in a jiffy. (echoing, indistinct voice; becoming clearer) Joshua : no, guys, we can't do this. We can figure it out, but we got to stick together! Then we're screwed, Josh! If we stay on the train, the entire mission gets derailed. You okay? Yeah. I'm good. Erin : Look, we'll meet you at the Plowmans. Okay? Promise. (door hisses open) Who knew this trip could actually get longer? I think the correct response to somebody who saved your ass is thank you. Would you guys stop it? At least, we found a road. It's got to lead somewhere, right? Hopefully to the next town. We can catch a bus from there. Yeah, according to my GPS, that's just a short 47-mile walk. Can you look up some good news on that thing, please? What about that? 
 
 Raul : Welcome to Farmville. (various animals bleating and mooing in distance) Erin : It's dry as a bone out here. This place has seen better days. (calf bellows in distance) Peter : Hey, buddy. Why you over here by yourself? Raul : Peter... Guys, check it out. Whoa. Do you think this is the tree from Joshua's vision? Hey, use that phone of yours and ask him. Maybe we can sweet-talk these people into giving us a ride? Erin : Yeah. Well, according to Joshua, we're definitely here for a reason. Something we can do for you folks? Look, I-I'm sorry. We don't mean to bother you. We were actually just hoping you might be able to give us a ride into town. Yeah, our car broke down a few miles back. Earl Cowan. Hi. Sorry to hear you folks are stranded. Tom's a pretty good mechanic. Could, uh, tow you out and take a look. Oh, thanks. It's pretty bad. Threw a rod, I think. Engine's blown. Really not worth the tow charges. Yeah, we just need a ride. Maybe to the nearest bus station? Well, I suppose we could give you a lift. But it's an hour into town and it's, uh, just about suppertime. Y'all must be hungry. Care to join us? (quiet laugh) Yeah. Sure. We'd be honored. Come on in. Thanks. Hey, V, shouldn't we, uh, at least think this through a second? I mean, what are you gonna do? You just gonna walk in there and take your kid back? You're damn right! Okay, but... well, shouldn't we at least call the cops first? Or-or-or Liam Neeson? Look! I'm tired of waiting. I want my son! (knocking on door) Answer the door! Hey, hey, hey! Take it easy! I don't think anyone's home. No. No, come... No, come... Okay. (grunts) Ah, yeah. Okay. You're heavy when you're dead, you know that? Vera! Hey, I found a hide-a-key. Vera! (Alan grunts, Vera gasps) You're scaring me. I need to show you something. This was his room. Oh, Vera, I'm... I'm sorry. (quiet laugh) It's a model of the solar system. He got an A-plus. Alan : I don't get it. Why would they just leave like this? (sniffling): I don't know, Alan. Vera : Wait. Yes, I do. (squeaks) Son of a bitch. Alan, he told them we were coming. The Devil's behind this. That's why they're not here! Erin : And after that adventure, my first time riding a horse was also my last. (everybody chuckles) Well, I'm sorry we don't have more to offer you. That was the last of the berries. From our very last harvest at that. Your very last harvest? Well, it's been a bad few seasons across the valley. Just can't seem to shake the drought. Even with our own irrigation system, we still haven't been able to turn things around. Crops keep dying. Afraid we've done all we can. Well, we prayed and prayed for a miracle, and Tom here finally brought us one. Peter : How so? Well, he introduced us to those nice folks from Plowman Family Farms. They're, uh, buying us out, like they did every other suffering farm in the valley. Gladys : Well, we didn't know what we were gonna do. We're always the last holdout. Tom : Plowmans cover every base. Soil treatment, improved seed, irrigation. They're actually about to start testing their technology on farms across the valley. Once they do that, they'll turn this place from a dirt patch into a bumper crop, in no time. All I got to do is sign the contracts, and then we'll be part of the Plowman family. You'll have to excuse Earl. Nerves a bit frazzled lately. His great-grandfather started this farm, and it's hard for him to let it go. Tom : But it's about damn time. What about your first job? No. Your first boyfriend? Nothing. Okay. What about the neighborhood you grew up in? Do you remember any of that? Koa : It used to be so clear. It was a good day. Now, for some reason, it just... it's all a blur. Now I can't even remember my own father's face. What's happening to me? My opinion is that it has to do with your gift. Now, hear me out. You shape-shifted at the train station, and then you forgot the trick your father taught you. Then you morphed into the conductor, and now these memories are gone. So? So... by stealing people's identities, maybe you're losing track of your own. These gifts we've been given, they weren't just doled out at random. Each one of them speaks to something that we need to learn about ourselves. You were raised a con artist, right? Yeah. So your whole past is about manipulating folks. Then maybe your future should be about helping them. How do I know that's gonna help me? Well, that's just it. Being a Messenger isn't about you. It's about everyone else. Erin : "It's about damn time." You're sure that's what you heard Tom thinking? Yeah, it was weird. I don't know... he seems like such a nice guy. Maybe he's just frustrated over watching the farm fail. Joshua must have had a vision of this place for a reason, right? I mean, it's about to be taken over by the same brothers we're looking at as Horsemen. But why? I don't know. But we're supposed to be here... I'm sure of it. (grunting, bellowing) Come on. Yeah, this way, this way. This way. So why do you keep these two apart, anyway? 'Cause that one over there's his mother, but this one, he's gonna be a bull one day. Might as well get used to it, right? Earl : We'll need to hurry to town if you want to catch the last night bus. Or you're welcome to bunk in our guest room, get a fresh start in the morning. If it's not too much trouble, we'd love to stay. No trouble. Thanks. So this is what you were telling me about. The meteorite contains every element known to man, plus one we've never seen before. But every time we try to extract it, let's just say it becomes very volatile. Well, in that case, my esteemed guest and I would like to see the extraction process for ourselves. This evening. Madam Secretary, you don't understand. I... Think I understand perfectly. I cannot continue to put my people in harm's way just so... Doctor... It's either your people... Or you. Can't sleep? All my life, I've been a preacher. But I was just selling my old man's snake oil. Then I met Rose, and finally thought I had something real to believe in. She played you, Joshua. But you're not the only one who fell for it. Maybe not. But I used to lead people, Koa. Inspire them. Now nobody listens to me. I couldn't even keep six of us on a train. Maybe you weren't supposed to. There's an old Taoist saying... "When the best leader's work is done, the people say, 'We did it ourselves.'" You're a good leader, Joshua. You just need to listen to your own advice. Yeah, what's that? It's not about you. It's about everyone else. Tom : Damn, this salt is heavy. Plowman ain't paying me enough for this crap. (indistinct radio communication) Simon : Once the solution mixes with the pulverized meteor sample inside the centrifuge, the Genesis Element should be in its purest form for collection. But each time, it resists extraction, almost like it's defending itself. I'm begging you to reconsider. Now, Doctor. You heard the lady. Do as you're told. Initialize. Yes, sir. Technicians (over radio) : Initiated. (technician screams) Now do you see? No matter what we try, it ends in disaster. Wrong. It's incredible. Isn't it? Oh, I think we're well on our way to creating the most destructive weapon the world has ever known. Seven years of searching, dead end after dead end, and now I've abandoned everybody who needs me to go on a wild goose chase. No, it was a good lead... you had to follow it. The Devil was never gonna give me my son back, okay? How could I have trusted him? Vera, you are closer now than ever to finding Michael. I need better than "closer," Alan. I need my son. (tranquilizer gun fires) (gasps): Ow... Alan? Alan?! Alan?! Alan... Get off of me! Get off of me! Get off of me... What the hell did you do? Nothing! Did you shoot her? No. She pass out? No, man, she's dead. Are you kidding me? We followed them all the way from Texas. Richards wants her alive. (engine revving, tires screeching) Just get them in the car. Let's get the hell out of here. (engine revving, tires screeching) (gasps) (calf bleating, grunting) (mooing) Hey, bud. (bellows) You're not gonna give up, are you? (bellows) (bellows, grunts) Let's go see mom. (calf bellowing) (mooing) (calf bleats) Hope you have an appetite. Gladys makes the best eggs and hash around. (Gladys laughs quietly) Thank you. Morning, Earl. Morning. Mind tasting this? It's water from your irrigation tank. (spits) It's salty! You want to tell him, or should I? Tell me what? Who the hell you think you are? I saw Tom pouring salt into the tank last night. Don't listen to him, Earl. That would kill all the crops. Exactly. Wh-Why would you do a thing like that? I didn't. He did. I'm guessing he's been poisoning the water supply to make the farm fail, so you'd be forced to sell. You been like a son to me, Tom. You tell me the truth. (exhales) Selling's for your own good, and you know it, Earl... you do... And you're so damn stubborn, I was just trying to get you a fair price before you had to give the farm away. How much of a price you get from the Plowman family for selling them out? Gladys... call the sheriff. (door shuts, engine starts) Peter, stop him! (metal groaning, clanking, creaking) Earl : Well, I don't know how y'all did it, but you did it. Better head out the back way. You sure about this? Go on, take it. It's the least we can do. Mm. Don't worry, we'll bring your truck back after we meet up with our friends. We aren't worried. I told you we prayed for a miracle to save our farm and... now we know... you all were the real miracle. Earl : I just tore up that contract from the Plowmans. Thank you. You ready to get back on mission? I think that was the mission. (engine starts) Don't worry, they'll be here. Hey, you made it. Yeah... 100 miles an hour, no patrolmen in sight. Thank God. Anyone hear from Vera and Alan? No. Not a word. (crowd applauds, cheers) That's them. That's the Plowmans. Howdy, folks. Plowman Family Farms is proud to present to the world... the greatest agricultural breakthrough in a century. Tomorrow, at farms all across the drought-stricken Central Valley, we launch a cutting-edge, new rainmaking system... One that not only seeds clouds but also fortifies them with a nutrient-rich water source we call... Smart Rain. The tree in your vision... wasn't it killed by rain? Woman : Yeah! Vincent : Now as many of you will realize, I am not exactly the science guy, so... tell us a little bit more about the nitty-gritty, the detail, my brother... The smarts behind Smart Rain... Mark Plowman, everybody. Mark : Thank you. Thank you. Our revolutionary technology begins with this specially designed, emission-free, cloud seeding drone. (crowd applauds, whistles) Now, when this incredible machine takes to the sky, it's a two-stage patented process. First the clouds are seeded with a special nutrient-rich formula mixed with the rainmaking iodine crystals. When the Smart Rain finally falls on our genetically enhanced seeds, fallow fields will spring to bountiful life, increasing yields tenfold. We're not just talking about fruit and vegetables anymore, folks. We are on the path to feeding the world. (cheering, whistling) What'd you see? Joshua : They claim the Smart Rain's gonna feed the world, but I just saw a knife cut through a Plowman bag of seed that was full of nothing but bones. I'm worried if they launch this technology they're gonna break another seal. Both brothers' faces are on on those bags. So who's the Horseman, Vincent or Mark? Koa : Better figure it out fast... They're launching this thing tomorrow. What do we do, go after both? Joshua : I wish I could tell you. Look... if there's one thing we should learn from Rose, it's to not blindly follow anyone. This should be a democracy, not a dictatorship. We all know we need to stop the Horsemen. So we should all decide what to do. Okay. Raul and I will see what we can get out of Mark. How about the three of us track down Vincent? Look, every generation of the Messengers have stopped their Horsemen. If we have faith in ourselves, and in each other... then, by God, so will we.  VINCENT: All right, enjoy yourself, party! (applause, cheering) (phone dings) What the hell? How'd I get my money back? (brakes squeak, doors open) Hey! (car doors close) Guys! Alan? Man (muffled) : You got him? Man 2 (muffled) : Yeah, let's go. (mechanical whirring, rattling) Man 1 : Get him to Smyrna right away... we're behind schedule. (SUV engine starts) (pneumatic hiss) Oh, no. This cannot be happening. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 