Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x06 - Pulling the Trigger - Being Mary Jane 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x06 - Pulling the Trigger https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=547&t=24759 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/16/16 04:02 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x06 - Pulling the Trigger 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 female announcer : Previously on Being Mary Jane. 
 Well, if you're a regular viewer, you're likely aware of the tragic death of Terrence Mitchell. 
 This is where you will sit when you do the interview. 
 If I do the interview. 
 Lisa : I'm just a little concerned about some of your choices. 
 Because I don't choose to be dateless, or sexless, or joyless? 
 We're conducting focus groups on all our shows. 
 What about Mary Jane? 
 If she doesn't test well, she might lose her job? 
 This information was given to you in confidence. 
 You're a proud Latino. Congratulations. 
 What is that supposed to mean? 
 Once you take the shot, you'll have 36 hours until you need to get back here for the extraction. 
 male reporter : For those of you just joining us, tense situation here as-- it appears to be a single gunman. 
 African-American male, and he is holding a sign that simply says, I am being surveilled 24/7. And that is it. 
 There has been no report yet of anyone else in the vehicle with him, and we see the gun. 
 He is holding a silver handgun to his right temple. 
 He is clearly a threat to himself, at this point. 
 The situation is getting very desperate and uncertain. 
 Hello. 
 Kara, you watching this? 
 Kara : Unfortunately, yes. 
 Duncan's covering it. 
 Who? 
 Duncan. Remember? Our city hall guy. 
 Cute dimples. Nice hair. 
 Tends to miss the complexities, but he's always ready to work, and he's already downtown, so-- 
 Oh, yeah. Traffic's already bad. 
 Man, all these guns. 
 Well, at least he's only threatening his own life, you know? 
 Who is he? 
 Kara : All we have is a name right now. 
 His name is Brian Ellis. 
 He works in the Atlanta office of Durbin, McGee & Marting. 
 He's a pretty substantial attorney with the firm. 
 He represents some major banks. 
 I'm still trying to find a way in--some kind of angle. 
 Mary Jane : We got to figure most people will cover this from the financial side. 
 You know, crumbling economy. 
 Pressures of Wall Street, blah, blah, blah. 
 Do you disagree with that? 
 No, I mean it very well may be true, but I always prefer the personal approach. 
 This is a man's life here. 
 Kara : Look who woke up feeling all sentimental. 
 It's not like I'm heartless. 
 Kara : Oh, you say that like it's a bad thing. 
 [phone beeping] 
 No, wait. I got to-- 
 I got to go. I'll see you soon. Bye. 
 Good morning, Dr. Marrs. 
 Dr. Marrs : How are we feeling today? 
 Were you able to prepare the HCG shot? 
 Yeah. It's right here. 
 I'm a little nervous, though. 
 The needle is a lot bigger than the others. 
 You'll be fine. I have all the confidence in the world. 
 Now, the sole purpose of this shot is to trigger your ovulation cycle, giving us 36 hours until your eggs reach their ideal readiness for extraction. 
 Which explains my appointment tomorrow night at 8:00 p.m. 
 Trust me. Your eggs' maturity determines the retrieval time. 
 Not me. 
 Any other questions? Concerns? 
 No, no. I'm good. 
 Call me if you need me. 
 Otherwise, I'll see you in my office tomorrow at 8:00. 
 Okay. Thank you for everything. 
 [up-tempo music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [woman singing indistinctly] 
 This becoming a habit? 
 Good morning to you too. 
 Since you asked, I could kind of use a friend. 
 Really? What happened to what's-her-name? 
 How come you can't talk to her? 
 It's actually Ana I need to talk about. 
 Okay, yeah. No. 
 I'm strong, but I-- 
 Seriously. 
 I mean, I really could use your ear right now. 
 And you thought you should come over here first thing in the morning to talk to me about Ana? 
 Way to keep it classy, dude. 
 Can we please not do this part? 
 My thoughts exactly. 
 Mary Jane, wait. 
 Oh, I'm sorry. 
 What am I waiting for, exactly? 
 Am I waiting for you not to have wanted her in the first place or her not to be pregnant? 
 Listen, I can't undo what's already done. 
 I know. 
 I can't, so I've just been trying to live in the moment. 
 Okay. 
 All right. Last night I had this realization. 
 I was up late trying to put the crib together-- 
 Really? 
 I know, but that's when it hit me. 
 I've changed everything. 
 Just about every aspect of my life for somebody that I don't even know. 
 I know. Because you already love your baby. Got it. 
 No. I'm not talking about the baby, and that's my point. 
 You should have thought about that before you got her pregnant. 
 Mary Jane, I'm just trying to do the right thing. 
 I didn't want my kid to grow up knowing what it's like to not have a father in the house. 
 Very noble of you. 
 I am trying to tell you I feel trapped. 
 I'm pretty sure she feels the same way. 
 So that's why you're here, because you feel trapped? 
 No. 
 I'm here because neither one of us is living the life we're supposed to be living. 
 And yet that still doesn't change the fact that she's having your baby, does it? 
 Does it? 
 So at this point, I don't really know what more you want from me. 
 I want you to tell me it's not too late for us. 
 I really wish I could, but... 
 Right now, I-- 
 I just can't. 
 Can you move your car, please? 
 Duncan : If ever there was an example that success and happiness aren't one and the same, this is certainly it. 
 A graduate of Columbia University, Brian Ellis went on to finish tops in his class at Yale Law School before joining the Atlanta office of the prominent law firm of Durbin, McGee & Marting where, according to several sources, he appeared to be on the fast track to partner. 
 With so much going on for this married father of two, one can't help but wonder, what pushed him this close to the edge? 
 For SNC, I'm Duncan Isaac. 
 Mark, back to you. 
 Mark, baby, listen. 
 We're gonna stick with the Wall Street angle, okay? 
 I'll get you something as soon as I have it. 
 More about Durbin, McGee & Marting. 
 With nearly 1,400 attorneys, it is one of the largest... 
 Hey. 
 Hey. 
 Look, I think we need to look into the effect of stress on the African-American family in the 21st century, as well as suicide rates among African-American men in corporate America. 
 Wait, this is a story about an overworked attorney. 
 What does him being black have anything to do with anything? 
 Terrence Mitchell, just a few months ago. 
 Successful black man. Committed suicide. 
 Hip-hop pioneer Chris Lighty. 
 Successful black man. 
 Committed suicide. 
 Record executive Shakir Stewart. 
 Successful black man. Committed suicide. 
 Rap artist Capital Steez. 
 Professional football player Kenny McKinley. 
 Actor Lee Thompson Young. 
 All successful black men. 
 All committed suicide. 
 Come on. 
 Go. What are you waiting for? 
 I'm not sure what I'm looking for. 
 Black men, and suicide rates, and trends-- 
 In the last five years. 
 Glad you could join us. 
 That guy and Terrence Mitchell-- 
 I mean those are our best and brightest. 
 Wait--oh. 
 Give me two minutes. 
 This is a surprise. 
 Sheldon : I assume you've been following this. 
 Any interest in an exclusive? 
 Always. 
 Sheldon : No one can know I'm involved. 
 No exceptions. 
 What's one more secret in my life? 
 And here I thought you were an open book. 
 Hardly. 
 Okay. Hang tight. 
 Sheldon : They'll probably try to discredit him somehow. 
 Once they do, I'll call you back. 
 Who's "they?" Hello? 
 woman : Sir, please put the gun down. 
 man : I've got a visual. 
 This can all work out peacefully. 
 Sorry. 
 That was my mom. 
 Everything okay? 
 Yeah, yeah, yeah. She's fine. 
 No, I meant with you. 
 No, no. I'm good. 
 Yeah? 
 man : The firm just released a statement, and AP's going wide with a quote from an anonymous source. 
 What have we got? 
 Duncan's going live with it right now. 
 Okay. 
 Duncan, we good? 
 Rock and roll. 
 Okay, Mark, we just got some breaking news, so I'm gonna have you throw it over to Duncan on my cue, okay? 
 Mark : Ready to roll. 
 Mark, here we go. 
 On three, two, one. 
 With breaking news, we now return to Duncan Isaacs live on the scene. 
 Duncan? 
 Thanks, Mark. 
 SNC has just received a statement released moments ago by the law firm that says, and I quote, "While all of us" at Durbin, McGee & Marting continue to hope and pray for a safe resolution to this ongoing situation, we are not at liberty to reveal any specific details about the party involved or the circumstances that have led to this tragic event. 
 And in a separate statement, this one coming from the Associated Press, citing an anonymous source close to Mr. Ellis, we've learned, and again I quote, Though we've seen Brian exhibit erratic behavior in the past, coupled with unexpected bouts of hostility, we were unaware, until today, that he suffers from a mild form of schizophrenia, a disease for which he recently began seeking treatment. 
 I'm Duncan Isaac. 
 Unbelievable. 
 Thank you, Duncan. 
 The firm, founded in 1904, has long been... 
 How did you know that would happen? 
 I never discuss business over the phone. 
 Where can I meet you, then? 
 Sheldon : At my home, as long as that's okay with you. 
 This situation requires a bit of discretion. 
 Are you always this cautious? 
 Sheldon : I try to be. 
 If you're still interested, I'll have a car waiting outside your studio after your show. 
 Mary Jane : I'll see you in a few hours, then. 
 Great. Looking forward to it. 
 Mark : And its dependency on financial service-- 
 Oh! 
 Oh, my God! 
 Oh, my God. Cut it. Cut it. 
 Jesus. Who fired that? 
 Was that the police? 
 Mark? 
 Yeah. 
 Say something. 
 Anything. 
 Mark, say something. 
 This is a sad day... 
 [elegant piano music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Thank you. 
 Kara : You want to chase stories? That's fine. 
 I just don't understand why you insist on keeping me in the dark. 
 Mary Jane : Well, because my source asked for privacy. 
 I assumed you could respect that. 
 And I thought we were a team fighting these fights together. 
 We are, and as soon as I know more, I'll fill you in. 
 But not just yet, right? 
 Okay. 
 Goodbye. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Hello? Anyone home? 
 Come on in. 
 Sorry. Excuse my manners. 
 I'm just in the middle of a really important step. 
 Oh, gosh, should I take my shoes off? 
 As you like. 
 I hope you're hungry. I'm making etouffee. 
 It's my grandmother's recipe. 
 It's a little bit more... 
 Creole than it is Cajun. 
 Try it. 
 Mmm. 
 Delicious, but I'm not here for the food, am I? 
 Please. 
 Sit. 
 Relax. 
 Life, like a great etouffee, requires time and patience. 
 Mary Jane : Yeah. Lately, I hate to admit it, but I seem to be in short supply of both, so, that being said, today a man took his own life, and you led me to believe that you know why. 
 I do. 
 But sadly for you, now that he's dead, God rest his soul, your exclusive may be slightly more than a head start. 
 Especially after they start going through his computer and his files. 
 Who is "they?" 
 Patience and time. 
 We'll get to it. 
 I promise. 
 Frankly, I'm surprised that it doesn't happen more often, what with all the corporate deception in the workplace. 
 Especially if you're a black man. 
 Well, we all have pressures to deal with. 
 Yes, we all have pressures to deal with, of course. 
 But our plight is a particularly unique one, would you not agree? 
 Yeah. I suppose. 
 Sure. 
 Do you mind if I record this? 
 I do. 
 Okay. 
 Did you know that etouffee in French literally translates to "suffocate?" 
 To smother. 
 What's your point? 
 I'm guessing you're trying to make one. 
 My point is that black men in America today, like Brian Ellis, have been smothered literally their whole lives. 
 Smothered as they clawed their way up the ranks. 
 Smothered by corporate greed. 
 Smothered by racism. 
 By oppression. 
 Smothered by hatred. 
 Smothered by fear. 
 Smothered by a system that truly never wanted to see them succeed. 
 And why do you think that is? 
 Jealousy. 
 Obama's walk was inspired by Michael Jordan's dunk, was inspired by John Coltrane's solo, by Malcolm X's thoughts. 
 Can you drive the car straight? 
 Because I have low blood sugar. 
 Black men represent freedom, and that's what they're trying to squash. 
 So many black men, myself included, have been surveilled. 
 Have been bullied. 
 Have been pushed until we find ourselves standing out on a ledge with nowhere to go but down. 
 You made it clear that you wanted to tell my story. 
 The story of who I am, of where I've come from. 
 What I've been through. 
 What I've endured to find success. 
 This is my story, or at least it's as close to it as I'm currently willing to share. 
 Okay. 
 You know, it's rarely discussed, but the life of a black man today is significantly more difficult than any other single demographic. 
 Well, except for that of a black woman. 
 Including that Is that so? 
 Most definitely. 
 I'm not sure if you're trying to pick a fight with me or offend me. 
 Neither. I'm just trying to make a point. 
 So are you saying that black women have not been smothered by American ideals and expectations? 
 That we have not been surveilled, pushed down, bullied, and belittled by society? 
 Is that what you're trying to say? 
 No, I'm not-- 
 No, no, no. Let me finish, because, truth be told, not only has society tried to smother black women, we've also been smothered by the very black men who claim to defend our honor. 
 Least you guys have someone to go home to. 
 Chit-chat with. 
 Talk out your troubles, but who the hell takes care of us? 
 Who's left to love the black woman, hmm? 
 You want to talk hard? 
 Try finding an educated black man in America. 
 Now that-- that's difficult. 
 No, that's a myth. 
 There's nearly 1.5 million black men in college, compared to 840,000 in the prison system. 
 That wasn't the correlation I was making. 
 In my opinion, that'd be a foolish one to make. 
 But since you brought it up, yes. 
 Black men are in college. 
 Community college, not the fiercely competitive ones that you and I attended. 
 Those are the men I'm talking about. 
 Where are they? 
 Stop me if I'm wrong, but don't black women make up 2/3 of all African-American bachelor degrees? 
 70% of all master's degrees? 
 60% of all doctorates? 
 I mean, I'm not naïve to understanding the systemic complexities of the journey, but come on. 
 At the end of the day, our men aren't there. 
 So, you think this is hard? 
 Living up in this massive house? 
 Try being a single black woman in America. 
 That's hard. 
 Yeah. 
 You're sexy. 
 Okay. 
 See, that's the belittling that I was just talking about. 
 Why is it that men automatically have to reduce us down to our sexuality? 
 Why can't you-- excuse me-- hear me and not try to minimalize me down to a pair of tits and ass? 
 I thought you were a little smarter than that. 
 I do hear you, Mary Jane. 
 That's why I think you're sexy. 
 I forgot I was dealing with a lawyer. 
 You know what I find most attractive about you is your passion, your wit, your perceptions on life. 
 That's why I called you. 
 Not because of your full lips, your high cheekbones, or those soulful brown eyes you have. 
 I called you because you are the absolute best person to share this story with the world. 
 Can you show me which way to your powder room, please? 
 It's the first door on the left. 
 Thank you. 
 Yeah, sure. 
 All that being said, your ass is not bad, either. 
 
 
 
 [line ringing] 
 Hello. Is Dr. Marrs available? 
 Oh. 
 Maybe you can help me, then. 
 I'm one of Dr. Marrs' patients, and I just experienced, like a-- like a discharge. 
 No, no. More of, like, a... massive orgasm. 
 No. Like, totally out of the blue. 
 I just took it this morning. 
 Oh, so it's totally normal? 
 Okay. Okay. No, no, no. 
 No, that's all I wanted. 
 Yeah. No, thank you. 
 I'll see him when I get in the office tomorrow. 
 All right. 
 Bye-bye. 
 [Somi's "Ginger Me Slowly" [playing] 
 Somi : ♪ Ginger me with poetry and roses in the afternoon ♪ 
♪ Ginger me with trips to Monaco and to the Nile ♪ 
♪ Ginger me with power ♪ 
♪ And humility ♪ 
♪ Ginger me, boy ♪ 
♪ Ginger me with your love ♪ 
♪ Ginger me slowly ♪ 
♪ Yes, oh ♪ 
♪ Ginger me slowly ♪ 
 Shoot. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Somi : ♪ Take your time ♪ 
♪ Hold me closer ♪ 
♪ Show me your heart ♪ 
♪ And I'll show you mine ♪ 
♪ Slow it down ♪ 
 Oh. 
 Hola. 
 Hi. 
 [clears throat] 
 [speaks Spanish] 
 Very funny. 
 No sé. 
 Yeah, sí. 
 [speaks Spanish] 
 Excuse me. 
 Thank you. 
 When you decide to speak English I'll be over in the assimilation aisle. 
 Somi : ♪ Ginger me, boy ♪ 
♪ With your heart ♪ 
♪ Boy ♪ 
♪ Ginger me slowly ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ Yes, oh ♪ 
♪ Ginger me slowly ♪ 
♪ Slow down, slow down ♪ 
♪ Slow down, slow down ♪ 
♪ Slow down, slow down ♪ 
♪ Slow down, slow down ♪ 
♪ Slow down ♪ 
 Well, well, well. 
 This is nice. 
 What's this? 
 That is everything that you need to know for the story and then some. 
 As I said earlier, this is your exclusive. 
 You can do what you want with it. 
 All that I ask is that you keep my name completely out of it. 
 You know, I... had a friend who committed suicide a few months ago. 
 Terrence Mitchell. 
 The truth is, this is actually my story. 
 I started my law career at that firm. 
 It's just sad to see that after 25 years, nothing really has changed. 
 So I just said enough is enough. 
 You're more than welcome to stay, but whenever you're ready to head back, my driver's standing by. 
 Well, I'd like to thank you for an incredibly... spirited evening and for entrusting me with this. 
 Are you seeing anyone right now? 
 I have to leave the country for a couple of days, but when I get back, I'd like to sit down and talk about you and I seeing one another and how that might look. 
 How does that sound to you? 
 That sounds like something I might look forward to. 
 Okay. 
 That's settled. 
 Bon appétit. 
 [elevator chimes] 
 [knocking on door] 
 Patrick : I got to get to work. What's going on? 
 Are you stressed? 
 Uh, yeah. 
 No, I mean, have you ever thought about suicide? 
 Killing myself? 
 Yeah. 
 I mean, honestly, Patrick, I don't know how you do it. 
 But I-- 
 I love you, okay? 
 I know you and I have had our moments, but I do love you, and if you ever need anyone to talk to, I'm here. 
 You are not alone. 
 Please stop me before I break into song. 
 You ain't getting rid of me that easy. 
 Everything is gonna work out for you, Patrick. 
 Then maybe you need this more than I do. 
 You brought me all this stuff? 
 As we continue to follow the ongoing investigation of yesterday's tragic suicide, evidence has emerged to indicate that not only were the partners of Durbin, McGee & Marting Aware of this proud father of two's despair, but that they may have been the very cause of it. 
 Seen here in an internal memo, controlling partner Wallace Marting states, and I quote, "Tell him" to bleeping get over it. 
 We're all unhappy. That's just life. 
 It's not like we can fire him without Al Sharpton showing up with a bleeping army throwing the bleeping race card in our bleeping faces. 
 The memo continues on to say, and again I quote, "Get" what you can out of the bleep. 
 I'm sure he's just going to bleeping quit anyway. 
 This memo was written a mere three weeks before Brian Ellis took his life. 
 As the authorities determine whether or not criminal charges should be filed, I'd like to turn your attention to a 2014 study from the Center for Talent Innovation which reports that an alarming 40% of African-Americans admit to feeling like outsiders in the corporate culture, as compared to 26% of Caucasians. 
 And despite corporate America's ongoing attempts to create a more diverse work environment, a staggering 35% of African-Americans claim that they need to compromise their authenticity in order to conform to their company's standards of demeanor or style. 
 When it comes to issues of equality in the workplace, it should never be about black and white. 
 It should be about right, and wrong, and who's getting the job done. 
 I'm Mary Jane Paul. 
 Thank you for listening. 
 And we're clear. 
 Nice job, guys. 
 Reset Sammy back to two. 
 So much for impartial reporting. 
 What the hell was that? 
 I'm just stating the facts. 
 Yeah, well, your mysterious source's so-called facts seem a little too convenient for me. 
 They checked out, right? 
 Well, yeah, they did, but, I mean, don't you feel like there's got to be more to this story? 
 Why? Because you didn't write it? 
 Excuse me? 
 I'm sorry. 
 I'm just tired of every move I make being scrutinized by the entire corporation. 
 If you're implying that every decision, every thought, every breath I take at this damn network isn't also being scrutinized, you are sadly mistaken. 
 Oh, did they assemble a secret focus group session for you as well? 
 Oh, right. 
 You thought I didn't know. 
 I was ordered not to tell you. 
 I'm sorry, but the last time I heard that story, I wound up almost getting fired, and you wound up with a promotion. 
 You know I didn't ask for any of that stuff with Mark. 
 And I also know that you are going through a lot with this egg freezing, so I didn't know when the right time to tell you was. 
 Ordered not to tell me. 
 I've been begging Greg to tell you himself. 
 I--you know what? 
 I sound defensive. 
 Look, I didn't do anything. 
 I know. 
 I know. 
 Not a damn thing. 
 Mary Jane : Hey, you. You watch my show today? 
 Val : Well, I've been in therapy with patients all afternoon, so-- 
 Ooh, Val, I'm so sorry. 
 The number came up private. 
 I thought you were somebody else. What's up? 
 Val : Yeah, I'm sorry for the random call, but have you heard from Lisa recently? 
 No, not in the last few days. 
 Well, she left me a message this morning, and it was just really strange. 
 She was going on about an argument that the two of you had and how David was still in love with you, and I don't want to jump to conclusions, but I'm headed over there. 
 I've been trying to call her. 
 She's not answering the phone. 
 Okay. I'm on my way. 
 I'll meet you there. 
 Don't worry. She's fine. 
 At least now she is. 
 Well, what happened? 
 Well, she was pretty disoriented when I got here. 
 I gave her some meds. She's upstairs sleeping now. 
 Okay. 
 Listen, you've been dealing with this longer than I have, and though I'm here as a friend and not a psychiatrist, I do need to ask you. 
 Do you think that she might be a danger to herself? 
 Because if you think that she's suicidal, then we really should consider a 5150. 
 No. No, her career would never survive a psychiatric hold. No. 
 Well, don't you think that being alive is a little more important than her career? 
 Not to Lisa it isn't. 
 All right. 
 Well, what about when she almost overdosed? 
 She didn't try to kill herself, okay? 
 Maybe she's a little lonely. 
 A little depressed, but not suicidal. 
 How do you even know about that incident anyway? 
 David told me... 
 Of course. 
 Of course. 
 In confidence. 
 He was worried, and he wanted my professional opinion. 
 That's it. 
 You ran over here. 
 Yeah, because you called me. 
 No. I saw how you drove up-- 
 No, you called me, and you sounded concerned. 
 You are scared of something. 
 What are you scared of? 
 That's your friend up there. 
 Maybe she needs help. 
 I will give you help. 
 Well, let's see if we can get her some, okay? 
 Yes, ma'am. 
 Yes, ma'am. 
 [indistinct conversations] 
 I can take your number and I can have him call you. 
 [cell phone chimes] 
 Silly-ass. 
 [line ringing] 
 Hello? 
 Hola. 
 [laughs] 
 Silly. 
 It's not that I don't know Spanish. 
 It's just not my first language, okay? 
 And sometimes I feel a little shy about speaking it with someone who likes to roll their Rs. 
 I would love to go to dinner with you tonight. 
 Gael : Perfect. 
 Well, it's like one minute, she's the life of the party, and then the next-- these episodes. 
 You know, I think honestly she just needs some attention. 
 Well, you know, depression can manifest itself in many different ways, and that's what makes the disease even more complicated, because it can be triggered by both positive and negative stimuli, and for someone like Lisa it's not only debilitating for her. 
 It consumes her with this overwhelming feeling of hopelessness, which can result in a general feeling of inadequacy. 
 Well, you just described what I go through every month on my period. 
 Me and every other woman in the world. 
 Hey, come on. Okay, in your professional opinion, do you think Lisa's in a state because she hasn't had s*x in so long? 
 Oh, my-- 
 I mean honestly, if I had been celibate for that long I'd be, like, raaa! 
 You'd be in a fairytale, 'cause it'd never happen. 
 Hey. 
 So, my promise to God is just some sort of joke now. 
 No, no. I was, like-- 
 Just gossiping about me in my own house. 
 Now are we even? 
 I'm gonna go. 
 I'm surprised that you even find time to fit me into your schedule. 
 What are you talking about? 
 I dropped everything for you. 
 Okay. You know what? 
 Has to say, okay? 
 Oh, this'll be good. 
 See? Why do you have to be so fake? 
 I mean even this with Valerie. 
 Acting like she's your girl or something. 
 Are you delusional as well? 
 You know Valerie through me. 
 Just last week she was talking mess about you behind your back. 
 Just like she does with all of us. 
 Okay, Val, it's been real. 
 Good seeing you. I'm gonna go. 
 Mary Jane, just give her a second. 
 And yet, still, we all continue to bow down at your feet. 
 How come you get everything you want in life, and I get nothing? 
 You have a family that loves you, and all you ever do is complain. 
 And you, with your total lack of appreciation for everything that you have? 
 Your selfishness is rewarded with an abundance of blessings. 
 I mean come on. 
 You have an unfair amount of beauty, intelligence, wealth, fame, and all you ever want is more. 
 And David. 
 You've used all your powers to chase him away, and despite everything that he's got going on in his life, he still loves you with all his heart. 
 Do you know what I would give to have a man look at me like that? 
 Do you? 
 I'm gonna go. 
 Okay, Mary-- 
 No. I'm gonna go. No, because I'm done. 
 I'm done. I really am. 
 Lisa, I have been tiptoeing around your feelings since the third grade, and ever since, I have put your problems on my back thinking that I could save you. 
 Thinking that I was enough, but I get it. 
 I absolutely get it. 
 I am not enough, and I never have been enough, so do yourself a favor and get yourself some help, because I'm done. I'm out. 
 I can't handle this anymore. 
 There she goes, ladies and gentlemen. 
 Always ready to take center stage, even when it's not remotely about her. 
 Mary Jane Pauletta "my ass" don't stink Patterson. 
 Are you done? 
 I know that you have had a very hard life, and I know that you have some very real problems that you need to deal with, but I have problems too. 
 So, for the first time, I'm going to take care of myself for once. 
 Hi. 
 Hi. 
 I'm meeting Gael Montoya. 
 Yes, he's right over there. 
 Ah. There he is. 
 Wow. 
 Hi. 
 Hi. 
 How you doing? 
 You look nice. 
 Thank you. 
 Oh, so we're speaking English now? 
 Yeah. 
 Sorry about that. 
 I was just trying to bust your balls a little bit. 
 I'm sure you were. 
 Yeah. 
 I probably took the joke a little too far. 
 Well, I'm sure I didn't help matters any. 
 I tend to be a teeny bit sensitive when challenged about my allegiance to my culture. 
 Just a teeny bit. 
 Hmm. 
 Are you always this nice? 
 Trust me. 
 I'm not that nice. 
 Oh, good. 
 Then you still have a chance. 
 To not being so nice. 
 And to... new beginnings. 
 I like that. 
 Mmm. 
 Very good. 
 So, I want to hear all about Gael. 
 What is it like being a geo-something engineer? 
 What is it? 
 Geotechnical. 
 Technical, right. 
 And I'm not even gonna pretend I know what that means. 
 I pretty much assess the risks involved prior to building large structures. 
 Oh, okay. 
 Factoring in things like earthquakes, landslides, sinkholes, soil liquefaction. 
 Have I bored you to death yet? 
 No, no. 
 Actually, it-- it sounds fascinating, really. 
 Well, the first thing you learn in my line of work is that everything in life has a return period, and that no matter how hard you try to fight against it, eventually, everything has to return back to its natural state. 
 [line ringing] 
 Hey. 
 Can you come over? 
 Yeah. 
 Just let yourself in, okay? 
 And once you fully commit to rebuilding something, even if you factor in all the risks involved, even then, unfortunately, you're just as likely to fail as you are to succeed. 
 But those are the risks we all have to take. 
 [Sam Smith's "Nirvana" playing] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Sam Smith : ♪ Oh, baby, oh, baby ♪ 
♪ Oh we both know the truth ♪ 
♪ If it were the real me and you ♪ 
♪ This wouldn't be the right thing to do ♪ 
♪ Now the room is all hazy ♪ 
♪ We're too lost in the fumes ♪ 
♪ I feel like it's just me and you ♪ 
♪ Yeah, we got nothing to lose ♪ 
♪ It's too late to run away from it all ♪ 
 Hey. 
 Hey, yourself. 
 Once upon a time, you said all I had to do was ask. 
 Yeah. 
 I'm asking. 
 Hey. 
 You sure about this? 
 No. 
 But I do know that I don't want just any baby. 
 I want your baby. 
 ♪ ♪ 
♪ We're in this together ♪ 
♪ We don't know who we are ♪ 
♪ Even if it's moving too fast ♪ 
♪ Baby we should take it too far ♪ 
♪ It's too late to run away from it all ♪ 
♪ It's too late to get away from it all ♪ 
♪ I'm done with running ♪ 
♪ So I give in to you ♪ 
♪ This moment has caused ♪ 
♪ A reaction ♪ 
♪ Resulting in our ♪ 
♪ Reattachment ♪ 
♪ Will you take me ♪ 
♪ To nirvana? ♪ 
♪ I don't think this will last ♪ 
♪ But you're here in my arms ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 