Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x08 - Blood Relations - South of Hell 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x08 - Blood Relations https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=509&t=24088 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/02/15 19:25 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x08 - Blood Relations 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "South of Hell"... 
 Abigail, the next time you lay a finger on my brother, I'll kill you and me both. 
 Reverend Elijah Bledsoe. 
 You took that curse of the demon, you turned it into a gift. 
 Where did you get this? 
 I was there when the police raided your father's compound. 
 [screaming] 
 [screams] 
 Got anything for me? 
 You still owe me for the last getgo. 
 I know where to get the money. 
 Five-digit items are upstairs. 
 Don't you want to see the goods? 
 Think you remember my daughter. 
 The doctors can't cure her. Only you. 
 You're not Mommy. 
 [both growling] 
 Mine now! 
 Enos is back.  
 Give your daddy a hug. 
 His spirit could be inside anybody. 
 Reminds me of Sangolo. 
 That's where the Order of Everlasting went. 
 I've tried ruling in hell. 
 It isn't all it's cracked up to be. 
 [growling indistinctly] 
 Miss Genie Pool, with all that anger, you're making me swoon. 
 What about Enos? 
 When that son of a bitch shows his face, I'll make him wish he stayed in hell. 
 You used to sit outside with me at night, taught me the constellations. 
 [chuckles] 
 Think about Grace. 
 She's rare and she needs to be protected. I'm not afraid of Enos. If you knew him, you would be! So we're clear, David's mine. I don't mean to cause any trouble. Girls like you never do. What's that? David, the Candy Man's here! Killing Bledsoe is your initiation back to the Order of Everlasting. [groans] Maria! No! What is that power she has? She has a spirit inside her you cannot imagine. I'm ready to spend some time with someone. I want to, but I'm just not ready yet. Crazy things are happening to me. I need to know the truth about my mother. Grace, you are the most perfect thing I have ever seen. Stay away from David. I think I'm in love with her. You just made the biggest mistake. The rune is the mark of an angel. Grace is an angel. Maria's strong enough to defeat Enos. She's not. We need both of them. Devil and the angel to stop Enos. What is this place? You're in Purgatory. Think of this place as a hole in the room. I love her. I know you do. Who do you think you're protecting? All of you. When I met Elijah, I was already married. Mom? You three are the only ones that can stop him! The Trinity, blood of my blood! Come give Mommy a kiss. There's something you need to know. And this message, Davie, is just for you. You, sir. [cheers and applause] I have a feeling he's going to do great things. Take life now! Take life now! All chanting : Take life now! Take life now! Mom said something about Trinity. Angel, demon. So what's David? He's human. Promise me you won't let me die if I do this for you. Enos wants to make a deal. If I go back now, it's a death sentence. What if Enos can make all that go away? Wipe the record clean. A demon? Abigail. You can control her? Sometimes. Where's this retreat supposed to happen? Where do you think? Sangolo's where it all started, and that's where it's gonna end. If you got trouble coming, I wanna be there when it happens. As you enter the retreat,  you may become separated from the parties you've arrived with. Where'd everyone go? [screams] Open this door! What's so important on the other side? My daughter. All : Take life now! I have to find David and Grace. Don't you remember those early days at Everlasting? Snap out of it. [screams] Die! [cheers] Don't touch her! Dusty! Maria! [indistinct chanting] What have you done? The same thing you would have done if you had the chance. We're finally going to be rid of each other. This isn't who I want to be. Take it back! This bus is going straight to Purgatory. I used to be an old friend of your boss. Can you save my daughter? Why should I? I'll give you my soul. 30 minutes to try to save her, and I'll serve you and Enos in hell till the end of time. Wasn't Dusty just a little too good to be true? Welcome home. [screams] David : All this time, the devil was closer than Maria ever imagined. We'd been living right next door to hell, and now she'd played right into his hands, the same as me. The darkness our father put inside me, clouding my soul and corrupting my words. There was no point in fighting it any more. The devil always wins. It breaks my heart to see anybody so unhappy, so lost. [whimpering] This is my family. My precious daughter, Maria, yes. She has a darkness within her. A cancer of the soul. And it's holding her back from reaching her full potential. [panting] But we are here to rip that darkness right out of my daughter! To set her free, to make her whole again. What have you done? Shh. Darling, don't be so tedious and accept the inevitable. You see that, folks? My Maria is so full of shame she can't even look at herself. She needs our help, and I can feel the will to change pulsing out of every one of you. Oh, no. No, no. Not you too. Not you too. David, please. It's for the best, Mar. No. Please don't make this any harder than it has to be. You know I hate seeing you upset. No! That's all right, princess. You just let it all go. Why? It's what demons do. Bye-bye. Aah! [Cross My Heart's "Wild Side"] ♪ ♪ 
♪ I've been on my best behavior ♪ 
♪ But I've heard that good girls finish last ♪ 
♪ Mm, mm ♪ 
♪ And once you're gone ♪ 
♪ They say no one can save you ♪ 
♪ But who knows? ♪ 
♪ If I go, I may never want to ever come back ♪ 
♪ Oh, I just want to dance with the Devil tonight ♪ 
♪ I want to know what it feels like ♪ 
♪ I want to close my eyes, put my hands in the sky ♪ 
♪ I want to walk on the wild side ♪ 
♪ I want to dance with the Devil tonight ♪ 
♪ I want to know what it feels like ♪ 
♪ I want to close my eyes, put my hands in the sky ♪ 
♪ I want to walk on the wild side, oh ♪ David : Father was rebuilding his order. But first, he needed more followers to be hosts for his new army. What if the world stopped demanding and started listening to your demands? What if other people's mistakes didn't become your problems? What if there was a way to cut through all the noise in your life and find perfect peace and clarity? Now you can. Let A&O cut through the noise and help you. Take life now! Self-acceptance, personal liberation, sexual expression...  That's right. You ladies want drinks? I'll have another. Be careful. Sweetmouth doesn't run tabs. Well, I'm good for it. I'm good for everything. Mm. Oh, David Abascal, look at you. Oh, you know, I was ready to tear your eyes out when you first walked through that door. Baby, I deserved it for trying to walk out on a gorgeous creature like you. I like having my old baby back. Does this look like the old David to you? Mm, no, it doesn't. What are you on, coke? Addy? No, no, no, no, darling, you got it all wrong. Have you heard about this A&O thing? What is that, one of those Tony Robbins, self-help kinda things? I know, sounds like bullshit, right? But I'm telling you, it made a brand-new man outta me. I do what I want, take what I want, and I've never felt better. Oh, you make that sound hot. I could use a little of that to help get our business back together. 'Cause Sweetmouth's been a little lacking since his run-in with the Sons. Where is my good friend? Wholesalers have been getting cute with our supply. Sometimes I swear we may as well be working retail. But what's stopping you from getting your very own piece of the action? You're the brains. You don't need Sweetmouth. He'd kill me. You don't have to be afraid of him anymore. You don't have to be afraid of anything. That's the whole point. Just try it. A&O has a big retreat going on right now, I'm telling you. I am tired of being under my daddy's thumb. Or Sweetmouth's thumb. We combine our full potential, there's nothing we can't do or have. Oh, I knew from that first moment I saw you robbing my house, I loved you. Yeah, well, come on, ladies. What do you say? Abigail. Abigail! She's finally gone, Mar. You don't need Abigail anymore, and we're home now. The family is coming back together. Don't touch me. Please, Mar. How are you, princess? You son of a bitch, I'll kill you! Come here. Shh. Not without Abigail, you can't. David, why don't you go check on our new recruits? I think Mariah and I need a little daddy/daughter time. [thunder rumbling] You're willful, you always were, and there's just no pleasing you. First, you're mad about having a demon. Then you're mad when I get rid of her. Say you want a nice guy who will accept you and love you for what you are... And now you want to kill me? Who are you really? I told you, the war made me do things. Made me hurt people, not just the enemy. The MPs decided to make an example out of me. My sentence was death, so I prayed to whoever was listening and made a deal. Enos's spirit needed a new body, a host. You b*st*rd. You felt loved. How many people are lucky enough to ever really have that? I believed you. I didn't know. 'Cause you didn't want to know. Now, be honest. Wasn't Dusty just a little too good to be true? A decorated ex-Marine, cool car, and I know how to cook? I make a mean fish stew. You coming on to me? I always knew where you were, but you never bothered to ask why. I'm coming with you. You believed it because you wanted to. But don't feel bad, princess. You know what they say. Girls always wind up marrying their father. Get away from me! Come on, open your heart. Aah! Where are you going, Maria? You can't leave. You're on an island. Why don't you just kill me? I would never kill you or David. Like I told you, this is about love. I want my family back again. What about Grace? And Bledsoe? Your Uncle Elijah and your half-sister, they're... How shall I say this? They're extended family. Like I said, I would never spill the blood of my blood, and I'm a man of my word. [moans] [kissing] [giggling] [dark music] ♪ ♪ David, there's someone here to see you. Now? Now. Looking for me? Mm-hmm. [groans] Don't finish without me. This won't take a minute. Ooh. Hey. So you think you're a ladies' man now? Stealing my girl off to some brainwash circle jerk while I'm away on business? I love Diversity. You mess with love, Sweetmouth will kill you, no question. [groans] Aah! Oh! Sorry, Sweetmouth's not Alpha material. Clean up this mess. Has life lost its luster? Is s*x just going through the motions? Drinking just dulling your brain? Smoking just making you cough? Don't wait for hell to freeze over. Brighten your future with A&O Life Success Seminars and rediscover the thrill of all life's earthly pleasures. Take life now. [dark music] ♪ ♪ It's beautiful, isn't it? I... I don't just mean here on Sangolo. I mean the whole world. Ha, it's a hell of a place. [chuckles] But the people, they're all so lost. They're denying themselves pleasures and desires. You go into a beautiful park, the first thing you see is a list of things you can't do. When did this act of denial become a virtue? And by the way, for what? So that God could come at the end and give us a glorious reward? I'm telling you, the whole thing is a scam. Take it from someone who knows, it doesn't get any better than this, right here, right now. What about your soul? Oh, princess, you've been hanging around with that preacher too long. Here, come with me. [dark music] ♪ ♪ Let me show you something about souls. You see... [door slams heavily] A soul without a body is like a demon without a host. It's an idea with no action, thought with no form. Nothing personal, Maria. You stupid, lying... Just a glass. What is this place? Think of it as a waiting room. Waiting for what? For Enos to make me his queen. Oh, poor, poor Abigail. I was just telling Maria that souls without a body are worthless, and so are you. What are you talking about? Do you really think I care more about you than my own daughter? My own flesh and blood? I just needed you out of Maria so I could make room inside her for something bigger. That wasn't the deal. Here's the deal, Abby! Later tonight, I'm going to consume you. Just like you've devoured so many of your own brothers and sisters, you traitorous vamp. I will absorb her strength, and I will find a new demon for you, one that knows how to listen. No. Can you even begin to imagine the power? It's enough to blow open the gates of hell and lead my army through. I'll kill myself before I let that happen. I couldn't recommend that. Didn't work out too well for your mother. You... you... Maria! Maria, please, you have to get me out of here! Maria! Maria, please! [door closes] [groans] The Alphas will see you shortly, and they will help you get ready for tonight. Now try to be a good girl. I hate you! Oh, hate is just love gone bad, and bad is just good gone wild. Oh, my God. You are even more beautiful than the first time. [dark music] The fight just makes it harder. I can't wait. Oh, my God. [cries] [suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ 
♪ Was his halo burning bright ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ Will he try to rule my life ♪ They got my girl. In a self-help program? I know what I saw. Next time you call me on my day off about some bogus devil cult, I'm gonna shoot you in the ass. That OxyContin I've been slipping you, still helping your wife with the pain? I just can't wrangle my deputies because your girlfriend signed up for some freaky weekend getaway. It's a lot more than that. I'm telling you, that place is straight-up devious evil. 13 years ago we lost a lot of good cops at Sangolo. And if you don't make a move, you're gonna lose Charlotte there too. You got Roberts' daughter mixed up with this? Can you save my daughter? I'll give you my soul. [pounding on door]  Maria! [giggles] Give me one day. There's no chance. [pounding] Maria! 12 hours. I'm gonna need a little more. 30 minutes, and I'll serve you and Enos in hell till the end of time. [pounding] Bledsoe. We don't have much time. Don't let the taboos of others rain on your parade. Time to shine with A&O Life Success Seminars. Forget what society thinks. Live the life of your dream, free from obligation, expectation, public castration. Treat yourself the way you would like to be treated and take life now. 
 
 [suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ It's been a long time since I saw you at the Everlasting. You used to sit outside with me at night, taught me the constellations. [chuckles] Yeah, I made that all up. [laughs] I know. He doesn't tell me anything. He keeps treating me like the kid I was ten years ago. I guess that's just the way he still remembers you. Don't you remember those early days at Everlasting? How easy everything was. It's only once we got out into the real world that everything got so difficult and so confusing. We were just kids. We were free. Snap out of it. You shouldn't have done that. I wasn't free. I was his. I'm just trying to help you, Grace. Why can't you see that? [sighs] [dark music] Gracie still doesn't get it. Are you sure I'm doing the right thing? You've got to try harder, son. Angels are stubborn, and trust me, I married one. How'd you get the demon into Mom? That wasn't easy. I had to tear the angel part out of her soul first. How? You've seen Abigail tearing demons out of people. It's just the same. It's just a little... messier. And after, she'll be happy again? You can do it, son. Help me on with my jacket, will you, David? [dark music] ♪ ♪ How do I look? They're gonna love you. [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ My magnificent beauties. I must admit, my son has wonderful taste in women. But the night is young. There's so much more life to take. The time has almost come for you both to be reborn, to shed your old lives forever. No more obstacles, no more blocks. Just power. Because tonight you will become a new host for who you really want to be. I think you're both perfectly ripe to become new members of my exclusive club. It's a very, very, very powerful group. Shall we begin? Feel like the deck is always stacked against you? Time to make your own luck with A&O Life Success Seminar. We've got everything covered: self-acceptance, personal liberation, sexual expression. Sign up today and take life now. [dark music] ♪ ♪ How did you get away from Enos? [door opens] I saw what he wrote for Grace on the security monitors, but David was there too. That's not David. The demon inside of him has completely taken him over. Then you're gonna have to rip it out. How am I supposed to do that? You know how. Look, I'm sorry, Maria, but this is the only way. Maria. I should leave you here to die. What did you expect? Loyalty? All you've ever done is treat me like a parasite. But we both know you wouldn't be standing here now if you didn't need me. You're nothing without me. Shut up! You want me back? Then I want you to say it. Say you need me. [tense music] Tell me I'll always be a part of you! [screams] ♪ ♪ You okay? It's okay, Rev. Abigail's back, and we're both hungry. Has your life gone... [strumming discordantly] Ooh, out of tune? Find harmony with A&O. Let all your hang-ups go. Bring on the s*x, line up some blow. Take life now... ♪ ♪ With A&O. Now that's music to my ears! [dark music] ♪ ♪ Since when do devil worshippers drive golf carts? Excuse me, but this is private property. You took some of Sweetmouth's private property. How can I help you, officer? My friend Otis here believes that his girlfriend is being held inside against her will. Well, this young man was clearly high on drugs and got into a fight with our staff. I don't use my own product. We have over a hundred disciples who have paid a great deal to be here, so I can assure you, no one's holding anyone captive. But, officer, you're welcome to take a look wherever you like. It's okay. Thank you very much. When a smug yemi like that tells you that it's okay for you to look anywhere you want, she's hoping you won't. [dark music] ♪ ♪ I know you're scared. I was scared too at first. Come out, come out, come out, angel. [crunch] Ow! I tried to be nice. Now I'm gonna rip out your angel and make you watch me eat it. Get off of her! Please! No... Gracie. I'm not gonna let you tear this family apart again. You're not a part of this family. Don't say that. I'm your brother. You're not David! You're just a shadow wearing his face. You're nothing. You're a lie. [suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ [both grunting] No, we got rid of you. That's what Maria wanted. Get out of my sister, Abigail. Aah! Oh! ♪ ♪ [both grunting] Maria isn't your sister demon. I am! [growling] [epic music] [demon screaming] [moaning] What do you see? I see infinity. Say it! I'm yours forever. [moaning] [dramatic music] Ah... [laughs] [growls] What did you do? Don't worry, there's more than one way to get the gift. Now you let me in. No. Think of it like a mosquito bite. No! Itching is more... is more pleasure than pain. No! Shh, relax, sweetheart. Just give into it. Stop! Shh. No, I don't want this! It's like... I could see everything happening around me, but I couldn't do anything to stop it. It's all right now. It's not all right. 'Cause there was a part of me didn't want to stop it. I live with that feeling every day. Remember what you told me after Spencer got killed? It wasn't your fault. It wasn't your fault, David. [poignant music] I love you. I love you too. ♪ ♪ I'm so sorry. Can you ever forgive me? Your brother and sister need you now. [stirring music] You feel that? Yes. [epic music] [gasps] Damn it! No! Hush, stop. Anything wrong, sir? She just doesn't seem as ripe as I thought. Stay with her. He can feel us. Enos. Then he knows we're coming for him. Let's get that b*st*rd. [exciting music] Let me go! Diversity, please! Help me! First I want another taste. Get your hands off Miss Roberts. Step away from the girls. [gunshots] Oh! Oh, my God! Come on, it's okay. It's okay. Come on, let's get you home. Come on. [whimpering] Diversity, you okay, baby? My Sweetmouth. Oh, not you too. I feel tingly. Mm. [dark music] Ah, Sweetmouth likes this. Mm-hmm. This is better than any designer drug we could have made. Then let's go spread some happiness. The heart of this place fits right on top of the biggest hell gate that there is, right where the old altar used to be. Then that's where he'll be, and that's where we take him out. [coughing] Dad. Are you okay? I'm fine, Gracie. I'm fine. But we need to hurry, baby. Not much time left. What do you mean? Nothing. Just come on, let's go. ♪ Hush little baby, don't say a word ♪ 
♪ Papa's gonna make you queen of the world ♪ 
♪ And when that whole world goes to hell ♪ 
♪ You'll still be under Daddy's spell ♪ [vocalizing] ♪ Hush little baby, don't say a word ♪ 
♪ Papa's gonna make you queen of the world ♪ Obviously, it's supposed to be a celebration dinner. It's almost ready. Not much time left until the meat's done. Matter of fact, I think my watch might be a little slow. What time do you have, Elijah? Tick, tock, tick, tock. Shut your mouth. Why keep secrets? You ought to be proud, Reverend. That was one hell of a gamble. What is he talking about? I have to admit, the boss downstairs, she knows her business, and killing you was one thing, but owning your soul forever, now that's revenge. No, Dad, please, take it back. I can't. So what do you say we all make the most of his last precious minutes? That's more time than you'll have! This ends right now. Come and get it! So wonderful to see you all again. Mom? That smells heavenly, darling. Doesn't she look just fantastic? Oh, thank you, honey. Please, sit. This can't be real. I watched you get dragged away down in hell. You're dead. She's as alive as you are, princess. For now. But if you three pull the plug on me, then Mommy goes too, and you don't want to lose her again, do you, kids? You're a coward. You've won. The Trinity is complete. Now all I'm asking for is a final request. Can't we all just have one last meal together as a real family? Screw you! David... Honey, I just need to look at my babies a little bit longer. Okay. Please, sit, Maria. David, darling. Gracie. The second he tries anything, we take him out. You know what to do. Gracie. Right by me. And Elijah... you look as handsome as you did the day our little angel was born. I dreamed about seeing you again since the day you left. I took the cloth hoping that would be my reward in Heaven. I'm not ready to leave yet. Don't be afraid of what's coming next. Enos showed me a world without worry or consequence. A world of bliss and tranquility. The most beautiful thing I've ever seen. That's right, my love. It's a lie. Please don't call your mother a liar. Now... who likes theirs rare? I missed this, all of us together. Mom. Have you forgotten what he did to you? [dark music] He hurt you. He hurt all of us. This isn't right. Mom, this is just the evil he put inside you. This is your fear talking, your demon. Can't we all just try and enjoy this moment? Just like when we all used to pretend we couldn't hear it whenever Dad beat the hell out of you? David, Maria, that's not... I warned you not to upset your mother at the dinner table. My God, do you children have any idea how spoiled you sound? "Mommy and Daddy were fighting." I gave you kids everything, the keys to the whole damn world! I never asked you for anything! No, you just took it all and ran, you ungrateful little tramp. You say one more word about my sister... And you'll do what, stab her in the back again? And don't cry to me about hearing your mother get taught a lesson, just because you didn't have the balls to do anything about it. I'm twice the man you ever were. Is that true, Gracie? You b*st*rd! Aghh! Dad. Uh-oh. Your 30 minutes are up, Elijah, which means time's up for you and your little angel. Bye-bye, Trinity. [yells] [screaming] Gracie, no! [screaming] No, no, no! Grace... we need you! We need you! No! Go, Grace. Grace! Go. I love you. Oh! [groaning] [choking] Hold them! [screaming] [both groaning] [screaming] Oh, no! [screaming] [all panting] [tense music] It's all right. I can't believe we did it. Almost too easy. Hold up. Charlotte. Be quiet, son. So, Miss Roberts has just told me quite a story about what it is you Abascals do. I'm not gonna pretend to understand what happened here. I just want to know that it's over. I hope, but I'm not sure. Are you okay? Are you, um... are you normal again? Yeah, I think so. What happened to Diversity? She and Sweetmouth disappeared. Nothing ever ends. There's gonna be a lot of questions once the state police show up. Might be best if you're not here to answer 'em. Come on, we'll get you outta here. [gentle music] [sobs] I'm so sorry, Grace. I have no one. I'm an orphan. This is your family now. He was right here, watching us the whole time. Open it. [voices chanting] Poor princess. You didn't really think it would be that easy, did you? I hope you enjoyed you little dream after you passed out on the altar. [screaming] But now it's time to wake up and let the real nightmare begin. [screaming] [chanting continues] [screams] [tense music] 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 