Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x02 - Jury and Fury - South of Hell 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x02 - Jury and Fury https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=509&t=24033 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 11/29/15 13:46 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x02 - Jury and Fury 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [chanting in foreign language] 
 My chosen people. 
 This is the beginning of our time. Be happy, princess. You're the first. Easy, princess. The fight just makes it harder. [indistinct shouting] Hands in the air! Enos! Freeze! Get down! Stay where you are! Maria! Where are you? We have to get out of here! Hands where I can see 'em. Now! [gunfire] You! You! Down! Don't move! Let me see your hands! [gunshot] [woman screams] Maria! David! Ahh! [groaning] [crying] It's okay, Maria. Dad can't hurt you anymore. [screams] There's a moment in everyone's life that cuts you right in two. The person you were before and the person you become. After Everlasting, I promised to be someone my sister could always count on to protect her, no matter what comes between us. [phone ringing] [groans] Mm. Where the hell are you? Maria? Sorry. I don't know what happened last night. Just come home, David. I made up my mind. If I'm the one Dad's after, then the longer we stay in Charleston,  the more people are gonna get hurt. So, where are we supposed to go? We'll figure it out. We spent half our lives on the road already. Tell whoever it is I never have breakfast before 10:00 a.m. Who is that? Uh... nobody. Well, then, tell nobody to get dressed  and give you a ride back here. Uh, on my way now. I promise. Mmm, just five more minutes, David. Please? Come on, David. It's been two hours. Where are you? Christ. It seems to me a woman in your position might want to be on the Lord's good side instead of calling His name in vain. If that's all it takes to make your god angry, then we got bigger problems. What are you doing here? We have work to do. Forget it. I'm not letting anyone else get caught in the crossfire. Enos already tried using Grace to get to me. I can't let something like that happen again. You saved my daughter's life. It was my fault he went after her. Best thing for everybody is for me to put as many miles between here and me as possible. Look, no one knows better than me what your father is capable of, but you can't just run away. What do you want from me? The only reason I came back here was to get rid of Abigail, not to fight some holy war. David was wrong. The Eye of Everlasting is as useless as all the other religious trinkets I've tried. I've got no reason to stay here. You want her out that bad? Prove it. Stand your ground. Not if it means more lives on my hands. Look, I still have trouble controlling my own demon. That alone should be enough reason for you to keep your distance. I'm right here with you. I need to go find my brother. Sounds good to me. I'm coming with you. Not a chance. [death metal music] You didn't strike me as the death metal type. I'm just full of surprises. My sister is waiting on me. Can you drive any faster? Okay. [siren wails] Oops. Oh, come on. Don't worry, baby. Papa, he's got the popo on payroll. Morning, Miss Robert. Your old man's been looking all over for you. Well, you know my daddy. Always so overprotective. Who's he? Just a friend. What kind of friend? The regular kind. I wasn't talking to you, son. Now you can step out of the car. What for? Making me ask twice, for starters. Hey. Get off me. What's the charge? I'm sure we'll find something. Son of a bitch. How'd you know that? It's true. My momma was a bloodhound. In fact... [sniffs] my papa was a junkie just like you. Charlotte, tell him it's not mine. I'm sorry, baby. Good girls don't lie. [Cross My Heart's "Wild Side"] ♪ ♪ 
♪ I've been on my best behavior ♪ 
♪ But I've heard that good girls finish last ♪ 
♪ Mm, mm ♪ 
♪ And once you're gone ♪ 
♪ They say no one can save you ♪ 
♪ But who knows? ♪ 
♪ If I go, I may never want to ever come back ♪ 
♪ Oh, I just want to dance with the Devil tonight ♪ 
♪ I want to know what it feels like ♪ 
♪ I want to close my eyes, put my hands in the sky ♪ 
♪ I want to walk on the wild side ♪ 
♪ I want to dance with the Devil tonight ♪ 
♪ I want to know what it feels like ♪ 
♪ I want to close my eyes, put my hands in the sky ♪ 
♪ I want to walk on the wild side, oh ♪ David, you better be laying dead somewhere, 'cause if you're not, I'll kill you myself. Please just be okay. The hospital says no one fitting his description's come through their doors either. This isn't like him. He always calls me. Well, he can't have just disappeared. Unless Enos got to him first. Don't say that. I'm just trying to get you to see what's at stake here, because whether you realize it or not, you need me as much as I need you. How's that? Even Abigail isn't strong enough to defeat Enos until you learn to fully control her, and I'm here to help you do that. That's what scares me. Abigail isn't some attack dog. She's a wild animal. If killing Enos means sending her back to Hell, she'll do everything she can to stop us. Then you need to make Abigail fear you more than Hell. Hmm. You all right? Wasted half of my life in places like this. Having more fun in your church now? Maria, hey. It's great to see you again. Sorry, but... I'm Trevor, remember? I bought all sorts of crystals and herbs from you the other day. Oh, okay. Right. It's nice to see you again. Do you want a drink? No, thanks. Is Sweetmouth here? Oh, you don't want to get mixed up with any... Welcome to Cadillac Blacks, pretty lady. Want a drink? I'm not here to drink. I'm looking for my brother David. Well, now. Who would have thought a creature like him slithered out of the same fine pool of genes your parents... Has he been by to see you today? Why? You here to clear his debt? If I had every last dollar in South Carolina, I'd set fire to the whole damn pile before giving you a penny. Oh, she's an arsonist. Do you know where he is or not? Miss Genie Pool, with all that anger, you're making me swoon. Heard your brother was jolly popping it with some rich skank who thinks she's too good to buy her sh1t from me. Found some new supplier. The next time I see David, I'm gonna bleed him dry. [grunts] Stay cool. Innocent people here. That's right, best keep your girl in check, my man of God. This woman have a name? You ever met anybody who don't? Now leash your bitch and get the hell out of my face. Oh! Now, if you want to start breathing again, then you're gonna tell me her name and where we can find her, or else I'll give you your last rites right here. You think I'm the one with a temper. I thought you were gonna kill that man back there. What kind of priest are you? The Old Testament kind. [rock music] ♪ ♪ Do I know you? You know my brother David. Oh, you're Maria. Thank goodness. I was afraid you were gonna say you were his wife. Cute. And who's this handsome gentleman? Is he your spiritual advisor? David didn't come home this morning. That's funny. You're allowed at least one phone call. He's in jail? You're smart. I like you. What the hell happened? [sighs] The sheriff took David away this morning. Dragged him right out of my car. It was horrifying. I wanted to help, but I'm not really myself after I spike up. Sometimes I just do thing. I don't mean to pry,  but you don't look lie a priest I ever met. Is he celibate? Focus, sweetie. How come you're not locked up? Roberts name has its advantages. But I didn't get of totally free. My daddy, he took away my credit cards and my car. I may as well be in jail. You're breaking my heart. Charlotte. Here comes the warden now. I want you in the house, now. Sieg heil, mein Fuhrer. The next time you see David, tell him I've been thinking about him every minute. I think she likes you. Jealous? Don't flatter yourself. [insect buzzing] Little late in the season for mosquitoes. What is it? Nothing. [engine starts] Maybe the reverend was right. Maybe the more we run, the more misery we just spread in our wake, because it seems like everywhere me and my sister go, bad things are never far behind. I need help. Please just send somebody. [electronic buzzing] We build prisons to keep the monsters inside, but it's the ones out there I'm worried about. I'm supposed to look after Maria. As long as I'm locked up, I can't do my job, and the monsters are getting closer. Open your mouth and I'll kill you. What do you want? Your daddy's disappointed in ya. Get the hell off me. You don't really think you're protecting Maria, do ya? Come on. You're a junkie. You can't even take care of yourself. You know it's true. Just admit it. You're a burden. Everywhere you go, everything you do. Maybe she'd be better off if you were the one who died in that fire. Guard. Guard! Guard! Abascal. Is there a problem? Who you talking to? Uh, no one. Come on. You got a visitor. You had me worried. I'm telling you, that dope wasn't mine. The sheriff planted it. How do you know it wasn't your new girlfriend? How do I know it wasn't you? David... We don't know anything about this guy, Maria. I'm just looking out for you. I'm not the one in jail. You're right. I let you down. Don't worry about me. Just go. You have to get out of Charleston. As long as you're here, no one is safe. Especially you. I'm not leaving without you. I can bail you out. With what money? I'll figure it out. I said just go. That's right, David. Just let her go. Do you really think she'd be any more safe with you outside these walls? Best thing you could do for your sister is just disappear. Permanently. Come on. Where is it? I'm sorry, Mom, but it's for David. [box closes] In the middle of all this trouble, the new reverend moved into the same church where that boy attacked his own pastor. No. Come on. Forgot the E. And how can you trust a man of God living in a house already been infected by the Devil? Give me that end. Tetra, don't you let my beautiful little Gracie work too hard. She's in good hands, Reverend. It's good to have you back, sweetheart. I made a room for you upstairs. Best view in the whole place. Can I get you anything? Soda pop? No, thank you. If you get hungry, Tetra will take you to Frogmore's. What's that? It's a diner at the flea market. Best fish stew in town. I work there most nights. Looking after the church only pays half the bills. I'll, uh, see you later, sweetheart. You okay? I just never thought I'd see a man like my dad living in a place like this. Lord, thank you for bringing back my daughter, but I have one more favor to ask. Don't let her find out the truth. We all have to satisfy our demons, and it's been too long since I've tended to mine. The longer without a fix, the harder it is to tell what's real or just a nightmare. Or if there's even a difference anymore. [basketball thumping on court] [distant screaming] Ahh! Death only hurts for a moment, David, but it sets you free forever. [women screaming] [horn toots] Pretty meager pickings. This all you got? It's a moving sale. All the deals are final. I got this. You might like that. What's the provenance? Family heirloom. Paste? It's real diamonds. I'm not crazy about the setting. Henrietta, it's my mother's engagement ring. Don't break my balls on this one. It's hard enough. I'll give you 500. I can get two grand on eBay. Then do that. Can I see that? Nice round shape. Good dispersion. It's at least two karats. I've give you 2,500. Too late. She and I already agreed on 2,000. It's all there, honey. Thanks, Dusty. You don't have that kind of money. She doesn't know that. I really appreciate what you did there. You're a pretty good con. Oh, let's just say I'm helping a friend. I knew you fixed doors, but I didn't know you knew diamonds. Play chess, too. I'm a man of many talents. I'm sorry. I'm really late. I got to get going. I'll see you later? Um, I'd like to, but, uh... Yeah, I'll... I'll come by later. All right. 
 
 Most everybody in Charleston has heard stories about Tetra, the woman Bledsoe hired to look after his new church. You okay? The woman with a face like an angel. The woman they say once made a pact with the Devil. [sighs] I don't know. I feel so... trapped, like I don't belong here. Oh, Gracie. [sighs] You know, you remind me so much of myself sometimes. Your father told me what happened to you. What was it like having that kind of power inside you? It wasn't power. It was evil. Oh, sorry. I didn't mean to upset you. I just want you to be happy. How do I do that here? I'm gonna show you something my mother used to do to make me smile. Okay? You just grab a scarf, like this. Then just spread your wings. Come on, you try it. It's easy. [clearing throats] [chuckles] There you go. Spread your wings. [laughter] [door opens] David, I got the bail money. All rise for the honorable Judge Culland. Ah, what'd we catch today? David Paul Abascal. Charged under Section 2115. Possession of narcotics, resisting arrest. Your Honor, my client pleads not guilty. We'd like to post bail. Larceny by trick, breaking and entering,  receipt of stolen property from the Roberts home on the 14th. Your Honor, no one informed to me... Transient lifestyle, no employment records. If he's not a legitimate flight risk, who is? He's innocent, and if you have a problem with me and my family, then you have no right to preside over his case. You sit down or I'll hold you in contempt. Maria, it's okay. Mr. Abascal, I'll take your plea of not guilty and we'll go to trial. The bail is set at $40,000. You can't do that. Bailiff, remove that woman. Don't even bother. You just don't know when you quit, do you? Don't do it. Please. What happened back in your boy's exorcism has nothing to do with my brother's case. You and your brother are a couple of con artists, and if I'd known who your father was, I never would have let you step foot in my house. You finished? My boy's worse now than he was after you pulled your little hokum hustle. Demons return for a reason. Pain, fear, trauma. The kind that comes from getting beat up on by your stepdad. Be careful. Enos is targeting you. You were the DA who signed the warrant for the Feds to raid his compound. That's right, and Enos is dead. He's dead. You really think that's enough to stop him? After everything you've seen? This is how Enos works. He uses people you know to do his dirty work. Puts the devil in 'em and gets closer and closer until he kills his target, and that's you. You can get that thing out of him? If you drop the charges against David. You fix that boy for good this time, then we'll talk about your brother. About damn time. I'm ready for some action. This isn't about... Jeremy's demon was lucky that last round, but I'll take him out this time. Why are you still helping me? You know what happens to you if we stop Enos. I have no intention of stopping him, and you're the one helping me. The more you feed me, the stronger I get, and the more control I have to make you do what I want. So, what are we waiting for? That demon is the only thing protecting that little boy from that sadist. If we take it out now, Jeremy will be defenseless and what's to stop the judge from killing him? If you don't take it out now, then it's only a matter of time before that thing kills Daddy and sweet little Mom and steals away that little boy's soul. That's a lot of blood. This is exactly what I was afraid of. I'm tired of seeing everyone around me get hurt. You could always run, Maria. We both know it wouldn't be the first time. Personally, I could care less. I'm just hungry. What are you waiting for, Davey? Do your sister a favor. Do the world a favor. sh1t. You doing okay? Never better. You in here for drugs? You read my sheet? No. All that scratching told me. I've been locked up before, but there is something wrong about this place. I got to get out. Yeah. It takes a toll on the soul. Seeing thousands like you, non-violent offenders caged up like animals. You don't talk like you work for the state. Ah, I wear a couple uniforms. I guess we all do. Any other family other than your sister? No. Well, everyone needs a family. Who else is gonna look after you? What's your other uniform? Society of Sons. That some kind of religious cult? Do I look like a Bible thumper? Kind of. [laughs] My religion is... settling injustices. The Sons are a council of concerned citizen. A family of good men and women all sharing the same ideals for a strong and pure society. Like I said, we all need family. If you're interested, we'll talk about it later. [sighs] You're holding the light. All : Amen. Look at it! Bring that light to your life and it will help you change. Hallelujah. The kind of change that can only come through redemption! Because God does not care about the person you were before, just the person you want to become. All : Amen! Bring that new light into your life. All : Amen! Bring it! All : Amen! Bring it! [cheering and applause] Not exactly Jesus on the Mount. For someone who thinks so little of me, we seem to be spending a lot of time together lately. I got a job for us. Us? This is a one-time deal. Look at the bright side. You get another chance to preach to me about saving civilization and doing God's work and all that crap. You got a dark heart, little lady. Liver, spleen, and kidneys, too. Just be sure to keep all those parts under control. Last thing we need is another Memphis on our hands. How the hell do you know so much about us, anyway? You and David aren't hard to find as long as you know what to look for. I'm not talking about David. I'm talking about me and Abigail. You've heard the expression "know thy enemy"? I'm not the enemy. I'm just trying to live. Not you. Enos. I spent years learning everything I can about him, and that means learning about you, too. You've been spying on me? Let's just say I've been keeping tabs. I don't need another creep in my life looking over my shoulder, so when this is all over, I never want to see you come near me again. Do you feel like the weight of the world is on your shoulders? Like there is no light at the end of the tunnel? Then let A&O life success seminars build a better you. Before I came to A&O, I always felt like a victim, but they gave me the tools to become a victor. I used to ask for permission to be happy. Now, I don't ask for anything. I just take it. Thanks, A&O. Don't let the world tell you who you are. Show the world the person you've always wanted to be. Let me give you the power to bring real change into your life. Don't be afraid to unlock your full potential and unleash your inner beast. The world's a hard place, but you don't have to face it alone, because once you have A&O in your life, it stays with you forever. [bell dinging] Food up. It's Frogmore stew, a local favorite. Made with prawns, sausage, and rice. It'll give you strength. Hey. Thank you. Where's my other drink? Al, go home and bother your wife. Come on, just move it, you old witch. [scoffs] What did you just call me? Nothing. Uh-uh. You should know who you're dealing with. Come on. Let's go. What's the matter? Just a bad memory. That man just reminds me of how Dad used to get sometimes. We've all done things we wish we could take back, Grace. Drink this. It'll wash away bad memories and dreams. Feel better? Where did you learn to make this? A man passing through here a while back. Taught me many things. It reminds me of Sangolo. That's where the Order of Everlasting were. I learned a lot there. Enos was very kind to me. Grace. Grace, there was a lot more happening on Sangolo than you remember. How do you know? Never mind. Finish drinking your tea. This is the Culland house. This doesn't look good. Don't try and play exorcist in there. Leave the demon to me. So, what am I supposed to do? Just make sure the mom and the boy stay safe from that judge. [insects buzzing] Mrs. Culland? Mrs. Culland? It's Jeremy. I tried to stop him, but... We need to get her to a hospital. No. You have to find him first. He's going after Tory. The courthouse. He's probably in his chambers. Go. Go! Go get him! Please! [whispering in foreign language] [whispering continues] [fluttering, whispering continues] Hi, Dad. [insects buzzing] Don't worry. It's almost over. Fathers are supposed to protect their sons. I told Jeremy I'd never let anyone hurt him ever again. Jeremy, no! Don't do it! I know he hurt you, Jeremy,  but believe me, a demon isn't a burden you want to carry. You don't need this blood on your hands. So I can save my immortal soul? Bitch, I eat souls for breakfast. [snarls] [grunting] [grunts] Enos will make me a prince in Hell for destroying you. I've tried ruling in Hell. It isn't all it's cracked up to be. [growling] Got it! [snarling] Do you have any family in the area, Brenda? My parents live in Savannah. You should take him there. Lay low for awhile. I know some people who run a support service. I'll make sure you get the help you need. But what if the police come for us? You don't know my husband. Tory will never let this go. Yes, he will. You say one word about tonight... You harm that kid or that good woman ever again... And I will come back for you. And you're gonna clear my brother right now, because if you think that demon in your boy was bad, you just wait and see and feel what mine can do. Wash away all those painful memories and stop being a slave to your past. Start fresh. A new life for a better you. I was holding on to so much anger before, but A&O's last success seminar helped take away all those bad feelings. Because before you can embrace your new future, first you have to obliterate your past. [electronic buzzing] Thank you. Looks like you caught yourself a break there, Abascal. Judicial error. Must have been one hell of a technicality to get 'em to kick ya like this. I'm sorry to disappoint you. I got a feeling we're gonna be seeing you again real soon. [door buzzes] [approaching rock music] ♪ ♪ Hey, tough guy. What are you doing here? I heard they were letting you out. Where'd you hear that? Sheriff Dickey tells my father everything. Like his little pet. It's probably why he planted the stuff on you in the first place. Keep you away from Daddy's little girl. Well, if you knew he set me up, then where the hell you been all day? [sighs] Father had me on lockdown, and I have just been worrying myself sick. I almost broke down and cried. [laughs] I bet. Don't you know I'm crazy about you? Don't you want to be my man anymore? I got the key to Daddy's lake house. And that's not all. The candy man came to see me. This is that new stuff I've been telling you about. Make you feel like a whole new man. Enough for the whole weekend. Just you and me, baby, being happy together. We can make the whole world just go away. The world's a hard place to face alone, and old habits die hard, like a tune you just can't get out of your head. ♪ I don't want to ♪ 
♪ I don't want to choose ♪ 
♪ I want it all for me ♪ 
♪ But this world don't make sense ♪ 
♪ It's never easy ♪ 
 ♪ I don't want to choose ♪ 
♪ I'm all but found ♪ 
 ♪ I want you all for me ♪ 
♪ The clock's not out ♪ 
 ♪ Someday I'll come for you ♪ 
♪ Someday he'll come for me ♪ 
♪ I have my necessary doubts ♪ 
 ♪ Someday I'll come for you ♪ 
♪ Someday I'll come for you ♪ [somber music] ♪ ♪ 
♪ Someday I'll come for you ♪ You used to love that song, Maria. You remember, prin...  David? David? [static] David. Oh, my God. I was so worried about you. It's my job to worry about you, remember? I don't know what you did, but thanks. You still hitting the road in the morning? You're clean. I'm trying. We're not going anywhere. Bledsoe was right. If we run, Dad will just come after us again. The only way to make sure he doesn't hurt anyone else is by going after him first. When that son of a bitch shows his face, I'll make him wish he stayed in Hell. Yeah, the world is a hard place to face alone, but it's just like that prison guard said. Sometimes family is all you need to get by. Would you like some more? Oh, thank you. No. I'm perfect. I've seen you walking out of Elijah Bledsoe's new church. Well, you're welcome to come by any time you like. Just might do that, ma'am. What'd you say your name was? Enjoy your evening, ma'am. [ominous music] 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 