Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x02 - The Real Killer - The Catch 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x02 - The Real Killer https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=604&t=26351 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/01/16 03:43 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x02 - The Real Killer 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [Elevator bell dings] 
 Previously on "The Catch"... Danny : We are private investigators. Clients only come to us when the cops and the feds can't help them. So, if I were the right guy, you would marry me. Would you? Marry me. Did you just ask me to marry you? [Laughing] Ben : Wow. You're right. That is amazing. I've been wondering what to get you for a wedding present. It's a museum piece. Reggie : When you take on a con, you become that guy. All he wants to do is marry the redheaded lady detective and settle down. You need to break it off with her. I want you back. You have 24 hours. I want to run away. And we'll get married. I can't just go. Ben: You've reached Christopher Hall. Please leave a message. Christopher is gone. Alice : I gave him all of my money, $1.4 million. Alice : We know nothing about Christopher Hall because Christopher Hall doesn't exist. Jules Dao. From the FBI? Interpol originally, now the FBI. I've come to ask for your assistance. We have no clear photos, nor do we have a name, but I've tracked him across Europe for two years. Reggie : You almost got us caught. You were looking at her, and you need to stop. If Margot finds out... She'll kill both of you. Margot : I don't understand. What's happening? We just got conned. And our benefactor is expecting payment. Fix it. Alice : All right, Christopher. You want to play? Let's play. [Arum Rae's "Waving Wild" plays] ♪ I met someone ♪ I'm not usually the one being interrogated. Just a few routine questions... standard first-date procedure. No, on first dates, I usually ask all the questions, and he sits there talking about himself all night. It's weird, isn't it? People don't ask questions anymore. They're so busy being them that they don't make time to know about you. Yeah. And if they do seem interested, it's usually because they want something. ♪ My lips are tired and bruised, my heart an earthquake ♪ I'm interested. ♪ And I feel so high ♪ 
♪ I'm waving wi-i-i-ild ♪ [Both breathing heavily] Ben : [Moans] ♪ I-i-i-i-i-ild ♪ 
♪ W-i-i-i-i-i-ild ♪ Ben : How's work? Is it all day, every day, or do you have time for a life? No, it's 24/7. But you make time for what's important. [Gasping] ♪ W-i-i-i-i-i-ild ♪ 
♪ W-i-i-i-i-i-ild ♪ [Both moaning] What about you? ♪ ♪ What does a venture capitalist actually do all day? I take people's money for a living. [Gasps] [Sighs] [Doorbell rings] So, you're a lawyer, right? Yeah. Well, now you're my lawyer, and I'm invoking attorney-client privilege, which means you're not allowed to tell anyone about this. Okay? About what? Is that... What... How did... I think Christopher put it there. He joked about getting it for me as a wedding gift, and then when I got home last night, it was here. [Sighs] What do you think it means? It means... that he's messing with me. Yes. Or maybe he's saying it was real and he really loved you. No. This isn't love. This is a $12 million, stolen painting that he knew I was hired to protect. He's probably called the cops already, and they're on their way over. Have you called the museum? No one's picking up. I need to go over there and tell them everything, right? As my lawyer? Actually, I wouldn't. Not before we do some recon. Anyway, you can't. We have Jeffrey Bloom coming in at 10:00. That's just what I need... a 10:00 a.m. meeting with a murderer. The jury acquitted him. Alice : Only because the judge threw out the cell tower evidence. He did not love Edith Rockwell. He was in it for the money. He's exactly the same as Christopher. Are you sure you want to come in today? [Sighs] I'll see you at the office. Okay. Hey, it's me. Did the museum call? Danny : Where are you? I'm running late. Did the museum call by any chance? Nobody called. The whole world's watching Jeffrey Bloom take his victory lap on all the morning shows. The acquittal will allow Bloom to claim his inheritance from the Rockwell estate. I can't believe they acquitted him. Yep. He's not a murderer anymore. I'll be in soon. [Car alarm chirps] [Engine starts] [Engine starts] [Heart beats loudly] [Up-tempo beat plays] These are exquisite. I'm just not sure they send the right message. Is the message, "I love you, but not enough to buy you a wedding ring"? [Chuckles] More like, "I'm sorry. Can you ever forgive me?" You must have been a very bad boy. Oh, you have no idea. [Chuckles] I'll see what we have in the vault. Thank you. ♪ Y'all, I wanna know if I can do my thang ♪ [Men cheering] ♪ I wanna let them know how I'm feeling today ♪ [Cheering continues] ♪ I feel good ♪ 
♪ Let me tell you something ♪ 
♪ It's a great day to be alive ♪ I can't decided between the gold or the diamond. Should I get both? Both, definitely. ♪ I still grind from a 9:00-to-5:00 ♪ Woman : I need you to start dusting the baseboards and the moldings, or start looking for a new job, comprende? Excuse me. May I say hello? ♪ Come along if you know how it feels to feel good ♪ 
♪ Feel good down in my soul ♪ Oh, boy! I am terribly sorry about that. Very terribly sorry. ♪ I feel good ♪ 
♪ I feel good ♪ Margot : It is unconscionable to me that, at this stage in our careers, we're reduced to petty larceny. Oh, come on. Admit it. You had a good time. Bad flashbacks to a misspent youth. Most of which you spent with me. Exactly. Reggie : I have to admit it. I kind of miss the old-school, hands-on approach. Sorry, darling, we have a benefactor to pay, and an entirely new operation to bankroll. What are you talking about? There's a grieving Kuroqi princess who recently lost her father and thinks that a month's worth of shopping in Beverly Hills will make her feel better about it. Well, what's the con? Joseph Riley, managing principle broker for Brandeis Properties. And this is one of my angel investors, Stella Winters. And I'm just finding out about this? Because, tomorrow morning, you are on a one-way flight to Shanghai, where we'll be joining you in a month. Not if there's a new con. Alice Vaughan and her entire team know this face. You're burnt. So, the sooner you disappear and the further away you are from Alice Vaughan, the safer it is for all of us. [Printer whirring] Sophie : Any word from the museum? I went. I couldn't help myself. It's there. The painting is there. What? How? I have no idea. But will you do me a favor? Of course. Find out if there's any markers to tell a real Maria Kreyn from a fake. What the hell is going on here? They're showing a clip from the Jeffrey Bloom interview. Can I talk to you about something? What's up? Val? Gordon for you. [Sighs] Tell him I will see him in divorce court. Actually, tell him I'll see him in hell. Tell him she'll call him right back. I take it it did not go well in mediation? He didn't even show up. What? So, what's the latest? Jeffrey, what's the first thing you and Rebecca are going to do now that you're free? Honestly, a-as long as Edith's killer's still out there, I'll never be free. [Sighs] Oh, He really loved her. And to say that in front of the new wife, that's... Stupid. Impressive. Let's hope she's not next on the hit list. Allie. [Chuckling] Seriously? He was acquitted for lack of evidence. That does not mean he didn't do it. He had the motive. He had the means. He had an airtight alibi. Witnesses saw him at the opera that night. That opera is four hours long. He could have left, killed her, had dinner, and still been back in time to sleep through act three. But what about their love story? Between Jeffrey and Edith or between Jeffrey and the $40 million Edith left him in her will? Between Jeffrey and Rebecca. She's an award-winning journalist, and she believes he's innocent. She even married him. The way I almost married Christopher? Forgive me if I'm suspicious of charming sociopaths who take your money and then murder you. Allie, stop talking. He's here. Ingram: And we'll be right back after a short break. When I interviewed Jeffrey for the magazine, I assumed he was guilty... like everyone else... but I kept finding holes in the prosecution's case, mistakes made by his legal team, And I just... You fell in love. I married him while he was still in prison. Everyone thought I was crazy. Then, she spent all of her time trying to get me out. And now, thanks to her, I have my life back. But not really. We're being harassed. We're getting death threats, which is why I insisted we come to you. To track down the source of the threats? No. To find out who really killed Edith Rockwell. Valerie : What do you think? I think Rebecca's gonna be really angry when she finds out her husband killed Edith Rockwell. I need you to be objective. I am. You're not. And if Gordon did to me what Christopher did to you, I wouldn't be, either. I would need some serious time off. No, I'm not taking time off. He lied to me for a year. And I'm supposed to be good at this. I need to know that I'm still good at this. We are taking this case. Eight years ago, Jeffrey Bloom came to L.A. as an aspiring print model, meaning he mostly waited tables and taught spin classes, which is how he met fashion designer Edith Rockwell. The fact that Edith was 40 years older than Jeffrey barely raised an eyebrow in Hollywood, but it was a red flag to Edith's son, Payton, a UCLA philosophy major who didn't love that his soon-to-be-stepfather was only a few years older than he was. But Payton had an alibi the night of the murder. He did. Her name is Tracy Lassin. Tracy : I'm telling you what I told the cops... He was at the bar till last call. But that place is wall-to-wall college boys. So, how do you remember Payton? 'Cause college boys all look at me the same way you are right now. Yeah, they all want the same thing. But this guy, Payton, he wanted to talk about his mom. So, what does Payton say? Nothing. I e-mailed, left messages. I showed up at his doorstep and made nice, but he's not talking to anyone. So we start from scratch... a new investigation, no bias. We look at everyone... anyone who might have held a grudge or had something to gain from Edith's death. Whoever did it tried to make it look like a robbery. She'd been strangled, signs of a break-in, jewelry stolen. Can we get in to examine the crime scene? As of now, Edith's house and all of her assets belong to Jeffrey. Shall we ask our new client for a tour? Jeffrey : That's where they found her, lying at the bottom of the stairs strangled with one of her own scarves. Jeffrey, you don't have to be here for this if you don't want. It's okay. You're okay, right? Yeah. I-I... I just haven't been back here since... Why don't we start upstairs? Sure. Jeffrey : This is Payton's room. Edith kept it exactly how he left it. She wanted to make sure he knew he would always have a home here. Then why did she cut him out of her will? Honey, they can't help you if you don't tell them. Look, Payton was a good kid, but he started cutting classes and doing drugs, spending Edith's money, so she figured she'd cut him off. But that only made things worse. How so? Payton threatened Edith the night of the murder. He didn't threaten her. He said, "If you choose Jeffrey over me, you'll regret it." That's a threat. They had an argument. Payton said some thing he shouldn't have, and he left. We were supposed to go to the opera that night with friends, but Edith was so upset she decided not to go. And when I came back... Edith was dead. The police found signs of a break-in... a broken window, and Edith's jewelry was gone. And you think Payton did it. He was high. He had been drinking at the bar. He snapped. Rebecca. I'm sorry, but there's no other version of this story that makes any sense. Except the one that put me in prison. Passport. Cash... U.S., Chinese. I booked your usual suite at the Ritz-Carlton, Tell Chef Daniel I'll see you both in 30 days. I could stay here, lie low. You've been a delight, darling. Now be a ghost. Your town car awaits. You watched me pack. No, I watched you fold clothes. Is that what you're gonna wear when you meet the princess? Don't concern yourself with my wardrobe, okay? You just get your head together so I don't have to worry about you anymore. Straight to the airport. No stops. [Door opens] [Door closes] So, according to Jeffrey, Edith had no intention of disowning Payton, to the point where his room was, like, scarily preserved. It was 2010 in there. But did you notice? There were no family photos with Payton in them, like, anywhere in the house. I looked. It was all Jeffrey and Edith. So, either Edith got rid of them, or Jeffrey did. Well... I have photos of Payton. [Gasps] Danny, you stole it. Liberated it from 2010. It's all Vampire Weekend and "Avatar" on there. Enjoy. What? You still think Jeffrey killed her? I think finding the jewels will help us figure it out. Here. You go up. I'll be there in a second. Ms. Vaughan. Are you following me? [Vehicle approaching] [Tires screech] Get in the car. Reggie, what are you doing? You are getting on that plane if I have to fold you down to travel size and check you in as baggage. I'm going. I'm leaving right now. When? Right after you run across the street and apologize to her for ruining her life? You think she's gonna forgive you? Ben, she's gonna stab you in the chest with a car key. Get down. Oh, hell! What is Interpol doing here? Why is Interpol talking to your girlfriend? He must have traced the hits on her clients. We had to leave Europe because of that guy. Now we have to leave L.A.? No. I like L.A. We're not leaving L.A. We can't. If Dao's looking for me, he'll have his men all over LAX. We're gonna have to tell Margot about this. [Engine starts] You've been tailing me since I left this morning. Am I suspect in this investigation? A person of interest? You're of great interest to me. I finally figured out why you don't want to help me. Because the man I've been chasing for two years was your fiancé, Christopher Hall. You were with him for one year. During that time, he stole $5 million from your clients using information he obtained from you. Now, to me and to a jury, it will look as if you were in it together. So, if I call FBI headquarters and tell your supervisor that you spent the entire day following me instead of looking for this man, will he be surprised to hear that? You're supervisor's Max, right? Why don't we call him right now and find out? Please do. I see you've gone from living with thieves to working for murderers. I'm sure it won't be long until we meet again, Ms. Vaughan. [Car door opens, closes] [Engine starts] Mom's in New Mexico... Mm-hmm. With a husband number four, I think. That is impressive. Mm-hmm. And Dad's retired in Tucson with my baby brother, who's over 30 and still a baby. What does he do? Landscaping. I think... sometimes. Maybe Internet p0rn. [Chuckling] It's unclear. [Both laugh] What about you? Parents are gone. Cancer. I'm sorry. Yeah, me, too. They were... both pretty great. Any siblings? An older brother. Yeah? Where's he? What does he do? He died when we were kids. It was a sailboat accident. We were, uh... It got windy, and the boat capsized, and he got caught in the rigging underneath. [Breathes deeply, sighs] I'm sorry. No, I'm sorry. It's not... first-date material. No, please. I want to know. What do you want to know? Everything. Reggie, we need to go tell Margot about this now. No, we need to get our story straight. Not our story, my story. I went to LAX, saw Agent Dao, came back. So, you're just gonna trust that I won't tell her about you and Nancy Drew? You know what? Tell her. What? Better yet, I'll tell her. Whoa. Calm down. She probably already knows. After 15 years together, how could she not? Reggie, I love Margot. I would do anything for her. You guys are my family. You know that. But I am in love with Alice Vaughan. I didn't mean for it to happen. I didn't want it to happen. [Sighs] Okay, okay, okay. Look, I know you feel this way right now. Reggie... But feelings change. This isn't gonna change. Love is a drug, brother. You're on drugs. I'm gonna be your sponsor. I want to keep you sober, and I want to keep Alice alive. Because if you tell Margot, I promise you there'll be no Alice Vaughan. [Knock on door] How'd it go with Rebecca and Jeff? Rebecca really thinks Payton did it. But you don't believe that? [Cellphone vibrates] I think we need to talk to Payton. And that you need to talk to Gordon. Which is why I hired a mediator... so we can talk. His failure to show up means that he has nothing to say. Maybe he was stuck in court. Or in someone else's v*g1n*. Whoa! Sophie : So, on this iPad Danny stole... Danny... It's not important to the story. I found these photos of Payton, probably from senior year of high school. Alice : What's this house? Did Edith have a beach house? I'll find out. But see who the girl is? Danny : Tracy Lassin, the bartender. Payton's alibi. They knew each other? Pretty well. Which means she might have been covering for him. So, maybe Payton wasn't at the bar the night of the murder. And Rebecca was right. Jeffrey didn't do it. Alice : Payton. Is that your car? May I ask you a few questions? [Car alarm beeps, locks click] Well, you haven't answered mine yet. Yes, it's my car. Well, can you move it, please? Payton, I know about your relationship with Tracy Lassin, which compromises your alibi for the night of the murder. What are you, a cop? Private investigator. And you're working for him, aren't you? Did you threaten your mother the night of the murder? Is that what he told you? I'm just trying to find out the truth. You are just trying to get paid, just like him. You don't care who gets hurt, and at this point, neither do I. So, move your car, or I'm moving it for you. Payton, listen to me. [Engine starts] I'm trying to help you. I just want to talk. Whoa! Hey! [Tires screech] [Tires squeal] Agent Dao is in Los Angeles? We won't be going anywhere for a while. Well, we're gonna have to. The princess has decided she doesn't like L.A. I thought we'd follow her to New York, but if Dao is watching... How long is she here? Just overnight. Then we still have all day. The princess is not the mark. Don't hurt yourself trying to keep up. The mark is Qasim Halabi, the princess's guardian. Ben : May I? When the princess's father died, Halabi became the de facto controller of the royal family's business empire. I get to Qasim, we get the money. You get to Qasim. I'll get to the princess. Forgive my sexism, darling, but the princess is inessential. Not if I can convince her to stay in Los Angeles. [Jamie N Commons' "Rumble and Sway" plays] And there's our man. Qasim Halabi. Oh. Dude works out. He was a general in the Kuroqi National Guard, trained by U.S. military contractors to protect Princess Zara. 
 
 ♪ Let down ♪ 
♪ She sings me silent melodies ♪ 
♪ Hair whipped ♪ On her last shopping trip in L.A., she spent $6 million... on shoes. They are excellent shoes. Eyes on Qasim, Mr. Riley. ♪ Can't stand the way she looks at me ♪ It's show time. ♪ Don't you tell me no truths ♪ 
♪ I want all of your lies ♪ Your Arabic is excellent, Mr. Riley. Thank you, General. My office was supposed to have contacted you. Yes, I know you're only here for the day, but I would love to show you this property. And then, uh, maybe Nobu for lunch. In sha Allah. [Engine revs] [Tires squeal] ♪ Do the rumble and sway ♪ 
♪ One look, twice bold ♪ 
♪ Three, four, I'm on my knees for her ♪ 
♪ Held up, let down ♪ It's beautiful. Oh, thank you. It's a 1962... 1962 Austin-Healey with a straight six at 150 horsepower. Well, this one only has 132. Oh, I'm so sorry. [Chuckles] No, you really know your cars. I know this one. My father had one just like it... same color and everything. It was his favorite. Well, your father has excellent taste. Had. He passed away recently. I'm terribly sorry. Well, did he ever let you drive it? Well, in my country, women are not encouraged or licensed to drive. Apparently, it makes us vulnerable to sin. Well, there's only one way to find out. [Chuckles] Mr. Riley, so sorry to interrupt you. I had a... Ah, Ms. Winters. General Halabi, this is Stella Winters, another potential investor from London. A pleasure to meet you, General. [Engine starts] [Engine revs] [Shouting in Arabic] [Knock on door] I think I found Edith's jewels. You did not. No, I didn't. But I did find the beach house. It belonged to Payton's grandparents. It's a rental property now, but it's the one place nobody's looked yet. [Knock on door] Hi. You need something? Uh... We're good. Thanks, Danny. It's about the painting. Apparently, Maria Kreyn paints all the way to the edge of her canvases. And a forger can only copy the image inside the frame. Right, so, if you take the frame off and the borders are blank... The painting's a forgery. This is the real... Maria Kreyn. So, the one in the museum is... Fake. And they have no idea. Are you gonna tell Val? I should. I really should. So, we're both in agreement about what you should do. What do you want to do? What I want to do is find the artist who forged the painting in the museum and use him to get to Christopher. Are you gonna talk me out of it? Do you want me to? Are you gonna tell Val? Are you gonna let me help you? How does a woman who isn't allowed to drive drive like a NASCAR champion? My father taught me. He just never let me drive the Healey. He wasn't worried about you and sin? Only to know how to drive away from it as quickly as possible. Sounds like he was a very wise man. He was. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to... Oh, no. It's... It's all right. [Sighs] You know, they say it's supposed to get easier... that one day I'll wake up and just be over it, but I don't know if I want that. I don't know you ever get over it. You've lost someone, too? Well, my loss in no way compares with yours. Ah. Well, what's her name, then? [Laughs] Who is she? You don't know her. Why did it end? It ended because I... wasn't brave enough. Well, then, there's still time. Time for what? For you to be brave. How long are you in town? Actually, I'm supposed to be off for New York tomorrow. Well, I'm sorry to hear that. You know, up until this afternoon, I didn't think I liked Los Angeles. Danny : So, Payton tries to run you over with his car, and you still think he's innocent? Alice : Payton had nothing to gain by killing Edith. He was already out of her will. All the more reason to take what he could and run. So, if I were $1 million worth of old lady jewels, where would I hide? You start with the house. I'll take the grounds. Okay. [Groans] Danny : Well, there's nothing in the house. What? You find so... Oh, my God. I was wrong about Jeffrey. He didn't kill Edith. I was wrong about all of it. It was Payton the entire time. I'm so glad you're not in Shanghai. The princess hasn't officially decided to stay. She will. Who can resist you? [Chuckles] It's not like that. I know. Hey, give me that. We've always be so adult about our relationship, even when the job demanded we were with other people. But I have to admit... Oh, careful. I was jealous of Alice Vaughan, of your life together. We could have that, you know? We could disappear... settle down... read books. You'd last 30 seconds. I'd last 10. [Both laugh] Oh, thank God. I thought she'd ruined you. Valerie : Payton's on the run. He's gone. They put out an APB. You were right. I should take time off. May I point out that you actually solved this case... something no one has been able to do? You're not taking time off. In fact, the police want to know if you found anything that will help them find Payton. Well, he's not at his house. He's not at the beach house. Did they check Edith's? You think he's there? No, but maybe there's more there that could help us find him. Alice? Yeah? So, I found the forger. You did? How? Well, I figured it had to be someone local since it was only a few days between you showing the painting to Christopher and him leaving it for you, so... Elizabeth Workman. She's very good, very fast, after a little blackmail very helpful, and gave up the name of her client, Julian Marsh. Obviously it's a pseudonym, but when I cross-referenced it with "Christopher Hall," I found these. "Christopher Ryan Hall dies at 75." The same week you met your Christopher Ryan Hall. And there's a pattern. Both obits... tragic backstories, no surviving family members, and published in the New York Tribune. Can you look in the Trib and see if there's any other obits that follow the same pattern? I already started. [Elevator bell dings] Sophie : Where are you going? I let Christopher get away. I'm not gonna lose Payton Rockwell. Hello? [Door closes] [Footsteps approaching] [Footsteps continue] [Gasps, sighs] Alice. [Sighs] I'm sorry. I saw your car out front. I thought you might be Payton. [Sighs] [Chuckles] The police asked us to help find him. I thought if I searched his room... Did you find anything? Not yet. I should come back later if you and Rebecca are... No, uh, stay. Uh, I want to help... anything to finally bring some justice to Edith. You might want to take off your shoes. You'll ruin the carpet. Now, if you'll excuse me. Hey. So you can run and tell the police I killed Edith? And stole the jewels to make it look like a robbery. And used Rebecca to get out of jail. And used me. You basically put Payton's iPad in my hands so I'd have everything I need to frame Payton for you. Even if I did, I can't be tried for the same crime after an acquittal. That's the beauty of double jeopardy. I'd have to commit an entirely different crime. I'd have to kill somebody else... somebody new. Rebecca : Alice? Jeffrey : Ms. Vaughan was just leaving. Danny, I need four security agents at the Rockwell mansion ASAP. [Jeffrey and Rebecca shouting indistinctly] It's Jeffrey. He's... [Crack, thud] Rebecca? [Breathing heavily] [Breathing heavily] He killed her... for the money. [Gasps] [Voice breaking] I gave him everything... my career, my reputation, my whole life! [Crying] What is wrong with me? What is wrong with me? [Sobs] For not saying, "I told you so." I second-guessed you from the minute Jeffrey walked into this office. You had every right to. I thought you were making it all about Christopher. I was. I still am. It is all I can do right now to not spend every waking moment trying to find him so I can... "Can" what? Kill him? Rebecca's lawyers may be talking self-defense, but her life, her career... I'm not letting you go down that road. [Cellphone vibrating] You should talk to him. How is it that you're on his side in all of this? He made a mistake... one mistake in 10 years... and he told you about it. Of course he told me about it. I'm a private investigator. He doesn't get points for telling me about it. [Sighs] And the worst part is I miss him. I know what you mean. I miss someone who doesn't exist. Are you reading the obits? Yeah. I like to see how people's stories end. I need you to do something for me. You know those obits you showed me? Sophie : Alice, I found the perfect dead guy... exactly Christopher's type. Coroner's report on Michael Thorne, 55, died Tuesday. Wife died in a car crash 20 years ago. No surviving relatives. It's perfect. I'll put an obit in the Trib, and if he bites, he'll use Michael Thorne's social security number to open up credit cards. Which I'll track. And then, we'll have him. [Doorbell rings] Agent Dao. I come in peace. I'm glad. Now, please, go in peace. I'm here to apologize. After talking with my supervisor... "Being reprimanded" by your supervisor. You are no longer a suspect in this investigation. According to Max, I was never a suspect in this investigation. You were a lead, Ms. Vaughan. What kind of detective would I be if I didn't follow every lead? And you want us to catch him... don't you? Good night, Agent Dao. [Selah Sue's "Right Where I Want You" plays] ♪ This time ♪ 
♪ I know I'll get it ♪ Hello. I'd like to place an obituary. Michael Peter Thorne. ♪ But these eyes, they can see ♪ 
♪ What you're hiding from me ♪ That's right. No surviving family. And it'll be in tomorrow's Trib? Perfect. Thank you so much. ♪ I got ♪ 
♪ To say this ♪ 
♪ About you ♪ Are you enjoying your tea in solitude, or may I join you? I thought you had to be on a plane. It's raining in New York. It's much nicer here. ♪ I got you more than you'll ever know ♪ Are they... with you? ♪ Right where I want you ♪ I probably should have told you this yesterday, but it tends to, uh, complicate things. I'm kind of a princess. Yeah, we can all be a little high maintenance. No, I mean as in "my father was king." And I am Princess Zara Al-Salim of Kuroq. Now do you wish you were eating alone? I do not. So, now that I've told you who I am... Who are you? ♪ Right where I want you ♪ My name is Thorne. Michael Thorne. ♪ Right where I want you ♪ 
♪ You know whatever I do, I got you ♪ 
♪ Right where I want you ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 