Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x07 - Everybody Knows - Ballers 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x07 - Everybody Knows https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=352&t=28401 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/29/16 19:40 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x07 - Everybody Knows 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 ♪ Kane is in the building, nigga... ♪ 
 (MUSIC PLAYING) 
 ♪ Now tell me how you love it, you know you at the top ♪ 
♪ When only heaven's right above it, we on ♪ 
♪ 'Cause we on ♪ 
♪ Who else is really trying to f*ck with Hollywood Cole? ♪ 
♪ I'm with Marley G, bro ♪ 
♪ Flying Hollygrove chicks to my Hollywood shows ♪ 
♪ And I wanna tell you something that you probably should know ♪ 
♪ This that "Slumdog Millionaire" Bollywood flow ♪ 
♪ And, uh ♪ 
♪ My real friends never hearing from me ♪ 
♪ Fake friends write the wrong answers on the mirror for me ♪ 
♪ That's why I pick and choose, I don't get sh1t confused ♪ 
♪ Don't like my women single, I like my chicks in twos ♪ 
♪ And these days all the girls is down to roll ♪ 
♪ I hit the strip club and all them bitches find the pole ♪ 
♪ Plus, I been sippin', so this sh1t is movin' kinda slow ♪ 
♪ Just tell my girl to tell her friend that it's time to go. ♪ You couldn't have picked a better place for a schvitz? The Mandarin, the Standard maybe. Come on, don't be pretentious, man. This is one of Miami's best kept secrets. And also it's one hell of a bargain. Mm-hmm. (MAN COUGHING) I swear to God this place was crawling with models last week. Mm-hmm. They come to sweat out the coke and duck all the pervs. Yeah, they caught on to you, then, huh? Yeah, I guess. (CHUCKLES) Hey, I saw Travis Mack's video got a million hits in two days. Same thing happened to Odell's one-hander and now he's the face of Head & Shoulders. Hey, look, I can give a sh1t if Travis becomes the face of Preparation H. As long as he goes top five, that's all that matters. (COUGHING) Well, Schlereth's got him at 12. Yeah, but the problem is he's still not the first backer off the board. Myles Jack is gonna be hard to leapfrog. That dude's a beast. Yeah, but did Myles Jack do a 4.58 on a beach and then backflip off a palm tree? (LAUGHS) No, no, he did not. (MAN COUGHING) Where were you, by the way, during all that? I was getting wasted at a party at Andre Alan's house. What? We have a friend in common. You were kicking it with Andre while I was lost at sea trying to save our f*cking company? I would not call it kicking it. We didn't exactly chill balls. He did offer me a job, though. What was the pitch? Oh, you know, the ushe. ASM's doomed. Miami Wealth is my only lifeboat. I shouldn't trust you. (MAN COUGHING) Trying to turn this whole thing around on me, huh? See you dudes later. Good luck with that cough. (COUGHING) You do trust me, right? Yeah. Of course I do. Unless there's a reason I shouldn't. No, did I say there was a reason? No, but there's a lot of sh1t you don't say. What the f*ck does that mean? Oh, come on, man, all the secrets I've told you. My wife's death, the Hooter's grief s*x, the subsequent rash. Seems like you know all my sh1t, I don't know any of yours. Okay, why don't you go chill balls with your buddy Andre? Oh, come on, that was a f*cking setup. But yet you stood around long enough to field a job offer and you let him talk sh1t about me? You didn't have my f*cking back? Oh, you're turning this around on me now, huh? That's what the f*ck you did. f*ck you, dude. I'm out of here. Schvitz alone. Jesus, watch your back. Like I'm not f*cking busy enough. Chill balls. What the f*ck does that even mean? (SIGHS) You don't mind? No, knock yourself out. You know what? One more thing while I'm... are you f*cking serious? f*ck you, dude. f*ck you. (MUSIC PLAYING) (GRUNTING) Julie, Julie. Don't teach my daughter how to twerk. She gonna learn sometime. I'm gonna teach you how to do it with some dignity. Yeah, Miss Greane. Uh-oh, I said shorty getting low. Ricky, what do you want? You still got it, Miss Greane. Boy, I ain't never lost it. What you talking about? What is this cute little thing? A little gift for the little lady. Aw, thank you, Uncle Ricky. Mommy's gonna teach you how to dab. Ooh, the baby. Bye, Boo-boo. Say bye, Uncle "Wicky." So what's wrong today? Why you assume something's wrong? sh1t, last time you came over in the middle of the day, you got caught buck booty naked with them twins. Was scared as hell to go home. Talking about, "I think she got a knife, Chuck. Bella got a knife, Chuck." Remember? She did have a knife. Oh. My bad. Yeah. So what's the matter now? I got in a fight with Dennis. Big fight. That's no good. Huh. (TURNS OFF MUSIC) I'm assuming it has something to do with his itchy Twitter fingers? Cost me a $30-million deal with the Saints. (WHISTLES) And I'm the one feeling guilty. The one place I actually wanted to go. I don't want to hear that. If you wanted to play in New Orleans, then you wouldn't have left without signing that deal. Dennis just wants to share in your success. He ain't trying to share sh1t. That selfish m*therf*cker just want to feel important. Be a big shot. Popping up as soon as I'm hot. Trust me, you want to shake all this off. You don't want none of this hanging over your head as you begin your new chapter in Buffalo. Except for you ain't feeling Buffalo either? Tyrod's cool and I'm liking them new unis, but Western New York is a cultural wasteland. I'm gonna tell you like this, it's 31 other teams in the NFL, but you only get one father. You need to be the bigger man and give Dennis a pass. Straight up. (HORN HONKING) (PHONE CHIMES) What's up, you ugly, short, bald son of a bitch? I know you miss me, buddy. Hey, listen, I got something for the both of us. I got a new segment called "Linebacker U," so we're gonna want the top dog on my show, man. We're gonna just shoot the sh1t, let America know who he is, and that he is your boy Travis Mack. Well, then you should call his agent. Oh, come on, Spence. Everybody knows you're working with him. Yeah? Who's everybody? We've seen the video on YouTube, we all know he has the wheels. What we don't know is what's behind the rib cage and his football IQ. I'm telling you, put him on the show. Nothing will help his stock more on draft day. All right, I'll see what I can do. I'll call you back. ♪ Watch your bitches ♪ 
♪ Hey, yo, I walks like a pimp ♪ 
♪ Talks like a mack, spit lobster and shrimp ♪ 
♪ You can tell by the hat ♪ 
♪ Gators and flavors, colors like Now and Laters ♪ 
♪ Spit champagne wishes to bitches, trips to Vegas ♪ 
♪ Jot down numbers on small pieces of paper ♪ 
♪ I've got you, skate, watch these bitches catch the vapors ♪ 
♪ Breaks down doe over a hoe... ♪ Virginia. What the f*ck is Andre doing here? I have no idea, Boo-boo. Got to my desk and they were already in there. I got to admit that toying with Spencer and Joe has been one of life's great joys, but I think it's time to settle this like businessmen. Okay. What do you have in mind? I want to make an offer on ASM. (LAUGHS) I have absolutely no desire to sell. This division's still in diapers and my boys are killing it. They're killing themselves. Ndamukong Suh is still one of the top earners in this league. He's a superstar. He is a beast. But you cannot build a company on the back of one single client. Well, that's true, but if Joe and Spencer are building this company without the benefit of the NFLPA stamp of approval, let's just imagine just for a second what they're gonna do once they do get it. Every Tom, Dick, and D'Brickashaw will be lining up with transfer slips. Yeah, maybe that certain linebacker from Florida State University. Travis Mack. What about Travis Mack? Come on, Bret, we both know that courting a kid out of college without your registration is considered tampering. Shame on you. Are you here to make an accusation? No. Or are you here to make an offer? Accusations? No, that's not why I'm here. I'm a businessman, okay, Andre, not an asshole. By all means, please, go ahead and make an offer. Just make sure there are seven zeros on it or I'm not gonna take a look at it. (LAUGHS) It's always good to hang with you. Same here. Give a big hug and a kiss to Katya for me. I will do that. And by the way, just because I shook your hand doesn't mean I agreed to the seven zeros. How about making it eight? One last thing. Suh, he's with me now. Come again? You got to keep a closer eye on your boys, Bret. The NFLPA, they certainly are. Hey. Spencer :  Andre. How are you? I was looking at your office. Not quite homey enough. I'm gonna send you a framed image of me and you from the old days when you were happy. (CHUCKLES) (MUSIC PLAYING) ♪ I'm out of this world... ♪ Get out of here. (CAT HOWLS) ♪ My name is Furl, I'm owner of the building ♪ 
♪ I'm a stoner and I'm chillin' ♪ 
♪ With two bitches like Jack ♪ 
♪ I pimp and I mack like a Benz and a 'Lac... ♪ I'll take a kilo of Bolivian yayo and a nuclear warhead. Jesus. What the f*ck are we doing here, Max? Keeping a low profile. Holy sh1t, what happened to you? Apparently my charm only goes so far. What can I do for you? Oh, I got a bad feeling about Andre. I need you to dig a little deeper, see if you can find something legit we can use against him. Like kiddie p0rn? No. Jesus Christ. Something business related. Prostitutes. Oh, my God, never mind. I'll handle Andre. Less work for me. Anything else? Yeah, yeah, there's something else. See what you can find on Spencer. Trouble in paradise? Yeah, I don't know. I just need peace of mind. Okay, well, there is one nugget I can share without even lifting a finger. Travis :  I'm not sure this is a good idea. It's your chance to show the world you got a brain. Yeah, well, can't we just get baked and rent some Jet Skis or something? You want to stay at number 12? No, if I go 12, you and Jason do lose a client. Even more reason to do this. And you're not my client. Remember that. If anybody asks, you're not my client. What am I supposed to... hello. Hey. Come on. Glazer :  Spence, Spence. Glaze. Right on time, buddy. I like it. My man. How are you, bud? Good to see you. You, too. We'll catch up in a little bit. Hey, today's gonna be great, man. Kid's a little nervous. He's never done this. Why? It's with me. Yeah, exactly. I'm a little surprised you called me about him. Why, you're his guy. I'm not his guy. Whoa, whoa, why you jumping all over me? You know how it is when these players come out of college. They're going through a lot of stress. I'm helping him with that transition. Like a mentor. You're a really good person. Just doing this out of the kindness of your heart. I like it. Till I get my registration. I got to keep a little safe distance. Come on, you know the game. Yeah, I do. That's why you help him, he helps me, I help you. We all win. On big happy mafia. I got a plan to keep Ricky Jerret here in Miami. Does this plan involve some rope and a chair? 'Cause last thing I heard, he had a $33 million offer from Buffalo. He's also the most impulsive man that I know. He starts dragging his feet about something, it can only mean one thing. He doesn't want to leave. Bingo. The lovable Charles Greane already going dark. Not sure what you mean. Using Ricky's weakness against him to further your own agenda. Mr. Machiavelli'd be proud. I'm just trying to be a good friend. Right. I am. Sure, you are. Stop winking. Suppose we can get Ricky. How do we get past our cap issues? I crunched the numbers. If we can get just one player to restructure, we can get him for 10 a year. If you can get the restructure done, I'd bring Ricky back at nine a year for three. Not a nickel more. Yes, sir. Let's see what I can do. (CAR APPROACHING) (MUSIC BLARING) Pop, where you going? Back to Naples. See you got yourself a new toy. That ain't no toy. That's a limited edition Spano GTA. Zero to 60 in 2.9 and a top speed of 230. Almost as fast as you once were. Oh, rich man's way of cheering himself up. Well, this car's for you. For me? She's yours. Boy, you can't buy forgiveness. Then I'm asking for it. I'm sorry, Dad. (SCOFFS) All right, apology accepted. Don't you want to know why? If it helps you. You were right. I was too much of a coward to make a choice. Feels like I've been getting passed from team to team and I'm not sure I want to go through all that anymore. (SCOFFS) Yeah, I get it, Ricky. I really do. But I can't stick around here meddling in your livelihood, so better I just get out your way. Take the car, Dad, and stick around. Let's take this town by storm,  Jerret style. I need you, Dad. Show me how to do this. (CHATTERING) (RINGS) Joe :  Yeah? Yeah? That's the greeting I get now? Oh, I'm so sorry, Spencer. My goodness, that's so rude of me. Hello. How the f*ck are you this fine afternoon? Not very good. Anderson had a meeting with Andre in our f*cking office and I saw it with my own two eyes. Well, that's f*cking great news. How come? I have no idea. You still play the stupid card, huh? God damn it, Joe, I'm not playing a f*cking game. Okay? Anderson wants to have dinner with us tonight at Komodo and I need you there. Great, well, then, how about this? Have your people call my people, okay? We have the same f*cking people. Then that works out great. All right, bye-bye. Love you, little buddy. Kisses and hugs. f*ck you. Sorry. 
 
 Announcer :  Harris on a designed run. Travis Mack takes him down in the backfield. Travis Mack! Yo. Tell me what you got going over here, buddy. Florida State versus Miami. It's our rivalry. Big time offense, bigger time defense if you do your job right. Oh, yeah. It's the kind of game you live for, man. You better live for it if you want to play in the NFL. All right, tell me what your big assignment, though, is here. As soon as Jacori took off, man, it was game over. Like that, loss of six, baby. I like that. All right, another play right here. Tell me what you're telling Kevin Hunter. I was calling disco, discounting the play. Telling Kevin we're going off reservation. Really? Man, you went outlaw just like that? Oh, yeah. Wow, Coach Fisher really must have faith in you. Yeah. Yeah, he really did. And this is why. Bloosh! (LAUGHS) I like the sound effects, buddy. Mack truck with a Bugatti engine, man. A nose for the football. But you and I both know it's less about the body, more about what's between the ears whether or not you're gonna lead a defense in the NFL. So we're gonna shift gears here, you and I, buddy. Okay, let's just say you got drafted by the Jets. Yeah, well, Jets are gonna have to trade up to get me. Slow your roll there, Mack. Okay, Coach Belichik, you know he loves to disguise things and mess with people, right? So we're gonna start here. Gronk is gonna start in the backfield. He loves to get you to think a guy is playing running back when he's not. These guys are in man coverage over here and we're gonna take Gronk. He's gonna motion him out over here. Line him up over here. Now you got trips in the backside. So I want you to come up here and draw for me exactly what you're gonna tell your backers and how you're gonna adjust your secondary. (CLEARS THROAT) Travis, not a two-hour show. Let's go, buddy. I know, I got it. Come on, man. I got it. I got it. We're on Coughlin time. You good? I'm great. I got it. You don't think I know where the linebackers go? Playing the game for 12 f*cking years. Travis. I just need a second. Do you want some water? I'm not thirsty. You want to take a walk around the block? Holy sh1t, can I get a second? A little dramatic. Is there anything I can do? Can you cure dyslexia? You're dyslexic? Jeez, louder, Spence. I don't think the sound guy from inside could quite pick that up, man. Why wouldn't you just tell me before we agreed to do this, huh? We didn't agree to do this, you did. Listen, it's not that bad. Everything just takes extra time. It takes repetition, muscle memory, a routine. Put a whiteboard in front of me and everything starts looking like quantum f*cking physics. And this is why you skipped the combine. You know, I just started worrying about all the sh1t people were gonna say when they find out I botched the Wonderlic. It's the same sh1t I've been hearing my whole entire life. That I'm stupid, that I'm dumb, some big, dumb football player. Man, f*ck that Wonderlic. Do you know how smart you got to be to run a defense the way Travis Mack runs it? You got to be f*cking brilliant. Brilliant. I'm gonna go back in there. I'm gonna tell Glazer we're gonna postpone this whole thing. We'll do it another time. Before we go back in that studio, though, I'll make sure that you're properly prepped, then we're gonna nail it. For the rest of the day today, we're gonna go rent two Jet Skis and we're gonna go get high as a m*therf*cker because I roll a bomb-ass joint. No. No, I'm gonna do this. Just wigged out. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Dude, you all right? It's all good, man. It's all good. Glazer :  Man, what happened? What are you doing? f*ck the board, man. Kings personnel, tight gun. I'm gonna run a zone coverage of the backers pressed. Gronk motions across, I'm gonna call a ringo, drop my corner to send my will on the backside and Brady better pray to God he gets the ball off by the fifth step or else that's lights the f*ck out. Wow. Just like that, huh? And Giselle's feeding him breakfast in bed every Sunday for the rest of the season. That is the Travis Mack teams want to see. Okay, let's get you going again. Let's do it. Let's leave Giselle out of it. Probably not a good idea. So, Mr. Velasquez. Sí. All right, what can I do for you? You got a patient named Mr. Chavez? Yeah, I'm not at liberty to say. Oh, what a surprise. How about now? It's against my oath to take bribes or share information... Right, right, right. How about now? Yeah, I know him. What's he look like? (CHUCKLES) Mr. Velasquez, you must not think very much of me. I'm neither here nor there, really. Well, he's about 6'5, 260, and bald. But not like you. He fully embraces it. So what did you give him? I prescribed Vicodin to him. He's got headaches and dizzy spells and chronic pain. Don't we all, right? No, no, not like Mr. Chavez does. How much did you prescribe him? Will there be anything else I can do for you, Mr. Velasquez? Yeah, you got any Adderall? And you know what? While we're here, try out some of that Propecia the kids are talking about. Saw you cut Kovac in front of a bunch of five-year-olds. That's some grim reaper sh1t. (LAUGHS) Boo. I'd be spooked if I hadn't just inked a new deal. Hey, that's a good deal for you. A lot of money. Yeah, man. Thank you. Yes, sir. The team would like you to consider a restructure. Damn, Charles. I didn't even get the money yet, man, and they already asking me to return it? Why don't you go to Suh and them big money cats? 'Cause I want you to do it. Well, I ain't doing it. My money belong to me, man. I just bought this f*cking house. Okay, all right, I understand. And I'm sure Coach Berg will understand. Either that or he'll run your ass ragged in camp. Wow. Supposed to be filthy hot this summer. Wow, you gonna blackmail me with exercise? No, I'm just saying try being a team guy for a change. Show the world that it ain't always all about Alonzo. Look, Chuck, I don't mind moving the dough as long as I know it's all still coming to me. I got a mortgage to pay. And you're gonna get every single penny. Every dollar? Every dollar. That's my word. All right. I got you. So who the move for? Uh... Jerret? f*ck that. Motherfuck that. And why the hell would I buy myself out of a job? Because if you're the team's only deep threat, you're gonna see double coverage the entire season. Double coverage ain't got sh1t on Alonzo Cooley. This is true. I agree, but you two work better as a pair. Look at Antonio Brown and Martavis Bryant up in Pittsburg. That's one. Hey, they had career years together, though. And what about A.B. and Wallace? It's the same guy. But what has Wallace done since he left Pittsburg? So you're saying that could be me and Rick? Yes! This is great for you and good for the team. Just make sure I get Ricky front row parking spot. (INHALES) Just make sure I get Ricky front row parking spot. Okay, I'm gonna do that for you. Damn, thank you. No, thank you from me. And I'm Antonio, he's Martavis. I'm Antonio, he's Martavis. Yes. Thank you, Antonio. Yeah. (MUSIC PLAYING) Hey. Hey. Just heard Andre's making a bid for our company. f*ck. You sure about that? Yeah, Virginia said lawyers are on the clock. Drawing up the contracts right now. Well, that doesn't make sense. Travis did great on Glazer's show. He goes top five, others will follow. We'll double our roster. Anderson's not a f*cking idiot. Why would he sell us right now, huh? Well, he probably already knows what Andre knows. Look, I know, too. It's okay. You know what? I know that you're in a lot of pain. What the f*ck are you talking about, Joe? The pill mill. Dr. Frey. Wow. Okay, that was a one-time deal. Oh, that's denial. The first sign of addiction, man. Believe me, I've been there. My prescription ran out. Oh, look, it's fine. It's all good. We play up the addiction angle, send you to rehab. Hey, I don't f*cking need rehab. Believe me, rehab's not that bad. And plus, it makes it impossible for people to turn their back on you. It did wonders for Robert Downey Jr. He's f*cking Iron Man. What Andre knows about me has nothing to do with me taking f*cking pills. Oh, okay, there's more? Wow, I can't wait to hear this. Let me guess, you're a human trafficker. No, no, no, no, you're an assassin. I lost a lot of money in a very bad deal, okay? Back when Andre was managing it. I tried to keep it under wraps, but he's been f*cking lording it over me ever since we stole Sizzle. Okay, so you lost some money. So what? It happens to everybody. Joe, it was $6 million. Oh, my... in one shot? What the f*ck, man? Look, I was ready to retire, okay, but my savings were sh1t. But I wanted to live that lifestyle. I did everything I could, scrambled to keep it all together, but then I said f*ck it. I rolled the dice. I went all in. You said when you took the job that you were doing it to protect players, not because you were broke. I did take this job to protect players, Joe. And it's because I was f*cking broke. You could have told me that. You wouldn't have hired me. You're probably f*cking right. I also bought in some other guys on the deal. (SIGHS) They got hurt, too. You couldn't just be a f*cking pill fiend, huh? No. (KNOCKING ON DOOR) Charles :  Yo, yo, Rick. (MUSIC PLAYING) Oh, my negro hero. Bringing blessings in the from of chicken wings. Unh. I am. Got you two dozen lemon pepper. One barbecue. Ooh! Full order of Cajun fries. Bread. Ranch. Or blue cheese if you like. I'm gonna enjoy watching you eat every bite. It don't mix with my diet. I got something else you might like even better. I met up with Siefert earlier today. You tell him to kiss my ass? Not exactly. I told him we need your ass. And after moving a couple pieces around, I got you an offer. Really? How much we talking? I wasn't able to match Buffalo's 11 million per year, but I was able to get you nine million a year for three years. Damn, Chuck. How you swing that? I got a knack for this kind of stuff. No sh1t. So what you think? Are you willing to take less money to stay home in Miami? It ain't about the money. Miami is where I belong. Yeah? So the Ricky Jerret legacy lives on? Let it live, baby. Dole me off some of them wings in celebration. (LAUGHS) Hell, yeah. I'm gonna call Jason, man. This is great. This is great. (PHONE RINGING) Go. Coming down, coming down. Hey, stop. Whoa! All right. Got him. Better D up. Run it back. How's my favorite former free agent feeling today? Feeling the Lord's heavenly glow. Yeah, I bet you are. I was just about to call you. Hot sauce? Yeah, it's back there. Did you say former? That's right. The Rams want you. Now, before you give me a kneejerk no,  they're offering $36 million over three years, half of it guaranteed. All right? The paperwork's gonna be on its way in the morning. Welcome to the promised land, my son. Hey. Here you go. He was surprised I came through, right? ♪ Could it be my baggy jeans and my gold teeth ♪ 
♪ That make me different from y'all? ♪ 
♪ Ain't trippin', y'all, but listen, y'all ♪ 
♪ I was raised more different than y'all ♪ 
♪ Just doing my thing, using my ghetto slang ♪ 
♪ And I represent thug sh1t... ♪ (ENGINE REVVING) ♪ Since you can't say it, dog, I'm gonna say it for y'all ♪ 
♪ Motherfuck the po-pos... ♪ f*ck it. ♪ Uh-huh, oh, yeah, baby, 'cause I'm a thug. ♪ Are you up for this? Yeah, let's get it out on the table. I practiced my speech already. Yeah, you know, if you think about it, when you take a loss that big, it makes you even more careful with our clients' money. Cautionary tale. Reformed man. It's gold. Yep. Oh, that Addy's really kicking in. What? Huh? Oh, nothing. Mr. Anderson. Sorry to keep you waiting. Hey, no worries. Have a seat, gentlemen. How about some wine? If you don't mind, Mr. Anderson, I'd like to cut right to the chase. I'm sorry. (LAUGHS) I didn't realize that you were leading tonight's discussion. Please, go ahead. We're aware that Andre's been making a bid for the company. And I'm sure that he's been saying a few choice things about me. So I just want to come clean and let you hear my side of the story first. You failed your registration, Spencer. What? NFLPA doesn't want you handling their players' money. Said that you were not a qualified custodian. I got it in writing, actually. And now you do, too. But, hey, guys, listen, relax. Don't worry. I think I've got a solution. Okay. Yeah, let's hear it. Okay, how's this? You never sign another client ever again. Your value to me, to my company now is zero, absolute zero. So take a walk. It's over. Now, how about that wine, Joe? I think... I think I'd rather have a scotch. Scotch it is. ♪ I can't go on this way ♪ 
♪ Damn ♪ 
♪ With no union and no benefits ♪ 
♪ No dental plans, I can't eat off no hundred grand ♪ 
♪ I got cavities that need filling ♪ 
♪ You can't feed a nigga Peanut Chews ♪ 
♪ Now put your feet up in a nigga's shoes ♪ 
♪ A lack of green'll give a nigga blues ♪ 
♪ A sip of purple make a nigga rue ♪ 
♪ Make a drunk person sing a sober tune ♪ 
♪ I can't go on this way ♪ 
♪ f*ck that, I can't do it, man ♪ 
♪ We make these tips off this gift that we cursed with ♪ 
♪ But then my mind drift, am I defeating the purpose? ♪ 
♪ 'Cause you feel like sh1t when you miss your son's first sh1t ♪ 
♪ But who gonna pay the bills, supply the meals? ♪ 
♪ No surplus, my baby mama give me drama on the daily ♪ 
♪ Like she making it barely and my kids is eating rarely ♪ 
♪ I can't go on this way ♪ 
♪ sh1t, I'm stressed out going through it, I can't do it ♪ 
♪ If you put puppies in the oven, do that make 'em biscuits? ♪ 
♪ Put hungry dogs in the kitchen, will they eat the kittens? ♪ 
♪ Do you hear me, are you listening? There's a big difference ♪ 
♪ Do you catch the lines and the hooks or are you still fishing? ♪ 
♪ These a couple questions that I need to be answered ♪ 
♪ Like is these backwoods and weed giving me cancer? ♪ 
♪ I can't go on this way ♪ 
♪ I'm stressed out going through it, I can't do it. ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 