Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x08 - Gaslighting - Ballers 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x08 - Gaslighting https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=352&t=19883 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/10/15 12:49 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x08 - Gaslighting 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 ♪ Kane is in the building, nigga... ♪ 
 (music playing) 
 ♪ Now tell me how you love it, you know you at the top ♪ 
♪ When only heaven's right above it, we on ♪ 
♪ 'Cause we on ♪ 
♪ Who else is really trying to f*ck with Hollywood Cole? ♪ 
♪ I'm with Marley G, bro ♪ 
♪ Flying Hollygrove chicks to my Hollywood shows ♪ 
♪ And I wanna tell you something that you probably should know ♪ 
♪ This that "Slumdog Millionaire" Bollywood flow ♪ 
♪ And, uh ♪ 
♪ My real friends never hearing from me ♪ 
♪ Fake friends write the wrong answers on the mirror for me ♪ 
♪ That's why I pick and choose, I don't get sh1t confused ♪ 
♪ Don't like my women single, I like my chicks in twos ♪ 
♪ And these days all the girls is down to roll ♪ 
♪ I hit the strip club and all them bitches find the pole ♪ 
♪ Plus, I been sippin', so this sh1t is movin' kinda slow ♪ 
♪ Just tell my girl to tell her friend that it's time to go. ♪ (men shouting) (honks) (radiator hissing) (growling) Have you been in a serious wreck? Suffered catastrophic damage to your pride and joy? Well, have no fear. Dan Balsamo's here. Family owned and operated for 10 years, Dan's Auto Collision provides expert craftsmanship  and honest, affordable service. We treat every vehicle like it was one of our own. Whether it's the smallest scratch... (phone ringing)  or total demolition, I will personally restore your precious baby  to its former glory. So come see us and let Dan's Auto Collision get you back on the road and on with your life. (phone continues ringing) (door opens) Mr. Strasmore? Welcome back. The doctor will see you now. (slaps seat) Let's do it. So, Doc, you're new. I don't remember seeing you last time I was here. I'm one of the center's board members, actually. 12 years. Ah. That's impressive. Still, don't you think I should see Dr. Grodan, considering he was the one who... who suggested I take all these tests in the first place? Dr. Grodan and his wife are on safari. (chuckles) Good timing. 'Kay, uh, this can wait. Doc, this should wait. I think it's best if I see... I'm the in-house specialist on neurological disorders. I've treated hundreds of athletes with brain injuries. Waiting won't change your results. 'Cause it's bad. I knew it. It's f*cking football. I mean, you tell somebody to put a helmet on and run headfirst into another speeding object just like that and of course this is what you... who does that for a living, let alone for fun? It's f*cking insanity. The whole thing is insane. You're fine, Mr. Strasmore. What do you mean? No swelling. No new blood, no old blood, ventricles look healthy. You have the normal, healthy brain of a 39-year-old man. So I pass? Well, there's nothing wrong with you neurologically,  but judging on the symptoms in your file, the problem is more likely psychological. (laughs) Oh, so I pass. It's not really a pass/fail situation. Thank you so much, Doc. Get in here. (laughing) I mean, it doesn't change the fact that you're still... Shh. (whispers) Just let me enjoy this moment. ♪ Sayin' it's gonna be all right ♪ 
♪ 'Cause the players gonna play, play, play, play, play ♪ 
♪ And the haters gonna hate, hate, hate, hate, hate ♪ 
♪ Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake ♪ 
♪ Shake it off, shake it off ♪ 
♪ Heartbreakers gonna break, break, break, break, break ♪ 
♪ And the fakers gonna fake, fake, fake, fake, fake ♪ 
♪ Shake it off, shake it off ♪ ♪ I never miss a beat ♪ 
♪ I'm lightning on my feet ♪ 
♪ ...on my feet ♪ 
♪ And that's what they don't see... ♪ Ah, f*ck it. ♪ Mm-hmm. ♪ 
♪ That's what they don't see, mm-hmm... ♪ - (phone ringing) (laughs) (music stops) Big V, what's up? I'm stressed, Spence. Feels like somebody outside watchin' me. Nobody's watching you, Vernon. Could've swore I saw a dude in my yard last night. You didn't see a dude in your hard. It's all in your mind, brother. You get the pictures back from Mr. Gomez yet? They should be arriving today. So you don't know for sure. Look, we held up our end, she's gonna hold up her end. I should be workin' out, Spence, instead of being locked up in my crib. Vernon, you are the hardest-working player in the league. Enjoy a couple of days off. Lay low. We're gonna have you packed for Dallas with a brand-new contract in no time. You awful cheerful today. It's buggin' me out. Trust me, stressing and worrying about this sh1t ain't gonna change a thing, okay? So put your mind at ease, and I'm gonna call you when the coast is clear. All right, Spence. ♪ To the fella over there with the hella bad hair ♪ 
♪ Won't you come on over, baby? We could shake, shake, shake. ♪ ScarJo, Rihanna,  Lupita Nyong'o from "12 Years A Slave," Nia Long. Nia Long? Oh, from "Fresh Prince of Bel-Air" Nia Long? Yeah. Oh, man, that's throwback. Well, there's no restrictions on a hit list. That's the beauty of the game. All right, well, who rounds out your top five? Hmm. It's gotta be Michelle. The... the first lady? Power, beauty, style, intelligence, and those arms. Oh, my G... all very seductive qualities. Man, you are f*cked up.  I'm f*cked up? Yeah, you're f*cked up. I'm f*cked up? Extremely. You're the one making gift baskets to hush up some girls that you brought home from the club. It always worked for Jeter. You ain't Derek Jeter. You ain't even Derek Fisher. Those M*therf*ckers got rings and class. What, you sayin' I ain't got class? You got caught pounding ass in a public restroom. That's some A-Rod sh1t. Man, why you always bringing up old stuff, huh? Kicking a brother while he's down? Look, you wanna win Bella back, you're gonna have to change up your whole act. Do something bold. I feel you, T. And, honestly, I'm tired of the lies. I'm tired of the cheating. All these gift baskets, a funhouse. All this crazy sh1t I get myself into. You know, it's time I step up. It's time I start acting like a man. It's time to take your ass to Bulgari. (crowd cheering) (imitates motor) Joe's voice on video : Boating, booze and boobs... the holy trinity of fun. (music playing) (crowd cheering) (crowd chanting) Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! (chanting continues) (chanting stops) Wow. (chuckles) Ahem. f*ckin' Photoshop. Leave the room. What? You heard me. Mr. Anderson... You think this is funny. Why don't you go back to your office and have a nice big f*cking laugh? I was only... Better yet, take the rest of the day off. Go play some tennis, work on your suntan. Maybe tomorrow we'll see you here. (sighs) Would you mind getting the door, please? This is the way you handle yourself at business functions? What can I say? I enjoy dancing at weddings and bar mitzvahs and... corporate events. It's a f*cking fraternity party. Mr. Anderson, these guys play a very dangerous game  for your entertainment every Sunday. When they get a shot to let loose, they go big. Plus, we hooked four big clients because of this party. I don't care. If it gets out that Anderson Financial  is sponsoring drug-fueled orgies on my yacht, institutional clients will jump ship. It says in the email that you gave this girl 150 grand? Yeah, paid in full. May I ask why didn't you deliver it in person like she asked? Well, because she's f*cking crazy. Ah. She has been trying to shake down Vernon Littlefield. Now she's trying to shake down me. Trash like this is why I didn't want you here in the first place. Joe mentioned that. Joe is a f*cking idiot. No, Joe's not a f*cking idiot. Joe hired me to bring in big money players,  protect the wealth, and capitalize on the success of men in a world that,  with all due respect, Mr. Anderson, you don't know anything about with the exception of when you watch the Red Zone Channel on your very big f*ckin' flat screen. Monetize my friendships is what Joe's been preaching to me from the moment I walked in the door, and I always thought that that came directly from you. Everything does except the bad sh1t. And this is bad sh1t. This is the price you pay when you want to do business in my world. (laughs) Well, I'm not sure that I want to pay it. I don't need this office, Spencer. Just an excuse to get away from my f*cking wife a few days every month. So if you don't go and see this girl in person and get those pictures back, I'm gonna shut the whole operation down. Did I say this before? I didn't want you here in the first place. f*ck Anderson. f*ck Angie. f*ck his f*cking yacht and f*ck his f*cking company! f*ck her f*cking pictures. f*ck her f*cking emails. 10 years, man... I've been f*cking grinding away for this arrogant douchebag and he treats us like that? (whispers) We could f*cking bury him. We could, we could, but we won't go there. Things are fucked-up enough as it is. I'm... I'm f*cked! We're f*cked. We are f*cked. Why didn't you just meet with Angie? I'm calling her now. It's already over, man. Vernon's new contract's off the table. Anderson's not gonna trust us again. (sighs) We should bounce. Start our own f*cking shop. I'm f*cking over this sh1t. (tires squeal)  (line ringing) (tires squeal) Hi, you've reached Angela. I'm either busy or avoiding you. You be the judge. Dolphins tackle Nick Kovac will undergo surgery today to stabilize the vertebrae in his back. Kovac slipped and fell off his deck while chasing his Pomeranian. The Dolphins will look to replace the two-time Pro Bowler  before the start of training camp. Man : Give me the keys. Man 2 : I don't have 'em. Well, who does? Bob does.  What about the spares? Those were the spares. Dipshit number 2 lost the originals when he parked the truck. What's the problem, guys? We got customers waiting. Look, I gotta get this model off the floor, the new one on display, and these two knobs lost the keys. All right, well, let's push it. That thing weighs two tons. It'll be easy, come on. Then move it yourself, big man. I got a Bennie says he can't. Oh, sh1t. I'll match that. Whoa, whoa, whoa, guys. Uh, customers are watching. Hundred says he moves it. Buck-fifty says he can't. (chuckles) Okay, Charles. Time to shine. Put this bitch in neutral and get out the way. Whoo-hoo! (laughs) We're on! All right! Now, you can give me a hard count, on two. Right. Set. 42 split. Omaha! Hey, man, count it off already. Right. Hut-hut! (grunting) Come on. Come on! (cheering) Come on, come on! You can do it, you can do it! Ah! Huh? Huh? That's the guy. Yeah! Yeah! That's the guy. I told you. Double or nothing. You can't get the SUV up the ramp. Oh, you want to challenge a brother now? Put your money where your mouth is, slick. (cheering) Ooh! (music playing) No way you're driving this thing. (laughs) And you know your ass can't see. I can't see sh1t! Damn. And I'm gonna get a new color. If I get a new one, I'll get a new color. Look at that. Look at this piece. "What's the time?" "Who gives a f*ck? I'm rich." T, will you chill out? Straighten up, man. We're here for Bella. My bad. Bella is your wife? Uh, no, my girl. Must be a very special girl. How long have you been together? Six years. A few breaks. A lot of time on the road. A lot of temptation. Remember the honey from Hotlanta, from the Pink Pony? Yeah, she was, uh... she was earning money for her graduate degree. Geopolitics. What about the girl from K.C. with the natties? She was about 6'1", straight-up corn-fed. You gotta understand, uh, Bella and I, we got an open thing. Let's not forget about your teammate's mother. Sexual rock bottom right there. We'd better head to the VIP room. Bust out the heavy artillery. This way, gentlemen. Thank you. 
 
 (music playing) (crowd chanting) Charles, Charles, Charles! Ah! (chanting continues) Man : Let's go, yo. Go! All right, 10 more feet. 10 more feet. (grunting) Ah! (cheering) Haaa! (shouting continues) (cheering continues) Ricky : You know, it feels like she's about to read my fortune. She about to take your fortune. Bella's worth every penny. (music playing) (whistles) Anything to your liking, sir? I like 'em all. (chuckles) This one. It's beautiful. But... but, no. Okay. Or this one? If that's her style. This one should do it, then. All right. How much this gonna cost? $400,000. TTD : What the f*ck?! How much did you say? That beef Wellington was unreal. Thank you so much. Glad you loved it. Oh, my God. I mean, seriously, you should ditch the whole financial advisor thing and become a celebrity chef. You know, that option is actually on the table. No sh1t. Your client list is taking a pounding. I know. But I have to tell you... - Mm-hmm. Vernon, hands down one of the sweetest guys I've ever interviewed. Yeah, he is. I mean, when you said he was having problems, I just assumed they were financial. They are financial. I just paid Angela $150,000 for the entire package of photos. Otherwise she was gonna go sell them to somebody else. 150? $150,000. Wow, Deadspin wouldn't pay half of that, and they eat that sh1t up with a serving spoon. That's 'cause it's personal. Between me and her. Ah. Yeah. Of course it is. I mean, why else would she insist on having a meeting with you? Well, it's not to give me my favorite T-shirt back. Mm. She knows how to push my buttons. Not only the good ones. So, when was this epic romance with Angela? Ah, it's a couple of years ago. Lasted maybe six months. We had fun. Fun for you or fun for you both? 'Cause, you know, there's a difference. (chuckles) Okay. Season started and I was on the road a lot. Then it ended. That's it. Mm. Well, hell hath no fury like a stripper scorned. She was a go-go dancer. She... go-go. Right, there's... There's a huge difference. Okay, so this Angela chick... You gaslighted her? I have no idea what that means. It means you string her along, Wow. Like you did to me. Still stings, doesn't it? Yeah, a little bit. Little bit. Spence, listen. You cannot go into this meeting with a head full of steam, okay? This chick is clearly trying to turn the tables on you, but you are a different man now. And I never thought I would say that. But you have made me a believer. What? You have actually changed. Someone's been drinking the Strasmore Kool-Aid. I have. You know what? f*ck Angela for using the old you as an excuse to do a really f*cking shitty thing. Spence, you just need to go there, see her, face the music, and pray to God she doesn't come at you with a f*cking knife. (chuckles) Okay. 'Kay. ♪ I don't give a f*ck ♪ 
♪ Ridin' with my burner and my beat turnt up ♪ 
♪ AC blowin' and my windows down ♪ 
♪ Chuckin' up my hood when I hit your town... ♪ (phone chiming) ♪ I don't give a f*ck ♪ 
♪ Ridin' with my burner and my beat turnt up ♪ 
♪ AC blowin' and my win... ♪ (music stops) Victor, my man. Que pasa? Nothing much, Joe. Just chillin'. It ain't tax day, is it? No, no, not even close, but there are a couple things that I want to review with you while you're in town. Oh, okay. I'm listening. What's up? It's better if we do it in person. Now's not a good time, Joe. (needle buzzing) I head out to training camp this afternoon. Well, then, I'll come to you right now. (man groans) Uh, now's really not a good time. Victor, if you're standing over a dead prostitute, I will help you hide the body. You got a sick mind, Joe, you know that? (laughs) I just need five minutes, man. (sighs) Damn, you got a magic hook or something? Patience is all a good fisherman requires. I see Ricky's been putting that to the test. Pulled his ass out the fire with that Glazer interview. Ah, Strasmore special. We got fans calling asking for number 18 jerseys with "f*ck you, Dad" on the back. The Magic City loves him. Yeah, well, what he lacks in grace, he recoups with style. He's on the path now, though. - Mm-hmm. I've been helping him hit the books. Come game day, he'll be dialed in. Okay. So, uh... You heard we lost Kovac. Yes, sir, I did. You're here to take his job? If I don't, somebody else will. A lot of guys come back simply 'cause they got nothing else better to do. But if you play this game for the wrong reasons, it gets dangerous real fast. People get hurt. (sighs) Well, I want to compete, Mr. Siefert. I want to help y'all win ball games. Most importantly, I want to hit somebody in the m*therf*ckin' mouth. Ah! Ah! (needle buzzing) Hey, thanks for seeing me, Vic. No problem, Joe. It sounded urgent, though. My bread is safe, right? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, no. Nothing to worry about. Growing every day. This, uh... This visit's... It's of a more interpersonal nature. I feel like our partnership, though brief, has been fruitful, right? You've been good to me, Joe. That's right. I have, I have. And I want to continue that trend. So what's the problem? No problem. No problem at all. I was just thinking, hypothetically... Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Vic, this guy using a lot of big words, man. I know, man. Joe, if you got something to say to me, just spit it out. Okay, okay. All right. I'm sorry. Ahem. Here it is. I've been with Anderson a long time. Worked my f*ckin' ass off. Powered through some dark days. And I've forged a new path towards the company's future. The problem is, the head honcho doesn't seem to appreciate that. I'd prefer to be somewhere he does. I'd feel the same way if the Giants didn't show me the love. So, if I left Anderson... Hypothetically. Hypothetically. Would you stick with me? Is Spencer Strasmore a part of this hypothetical situation? I can't say for sure. Listen, Joe. I like you, man. You're a good dude. You've already made me a whole lot of paper. Ah. So if you were to leave Anderson,  I'd rock with you. Yes! That's what I'm talkin' about! There's just one last thing, though. Yeah. What? Anything. Just something to make sure that you're committed to me long-term. Absolutely, absolutely. I swear on my life, Victor Cruz! (laughing) Oh, but I'm guessing that's not enough, right? Hey, you. Lilies and roses, your favorite. Thank you. You're welcome. Look, Bella, I'm sorry I lost my head, okay? I'm sorry for everything. I keep repeating my mistakes, but I'm trying to change. Trying to do things different. (laughs) Wow. Ricky, you can't be serious. Seven-carat serious. You like it? Look at that. What you think? You really believe you're ready for marriage? 'Cause after all, I mean, you know this is an engagement ring, right? Well... 'Cause I know you don't think I'm so stupid to where I would just accept a bullshit apology ring. No, baby, 'cause this is what... No, you listen to me. There is no ring, no house, no car, not even the Hope f*cking Diamond can buy my forgiveness. Baby, that's... That's a $400,000 ring! Kobe spent four million, you delusional prick! He makes more than me! Baby, come back! Baby! Baby, come back! Baby, come back! I got it, I got it, I got it. Baby! Baby! Baby! We can get married if you want to! We can get married if you want to! (chatter) (music playing) (clicks) Do you mind if I sit or are you expecting someone else? No, please do. Bartender : Here's your G&T, Angie. Thank you, Tommy. Hope I'm not cramping your style again. What do you mean? At your big party. You looked at me like I wasn't even there. Angie, come on. I had a lot going on that night. Really? Okay, I'm sorry. Is that what you wanted to hear? No. What I wanted was to see your face when you handed me my money. And you denied me that, so I'm taking my product elsewhere. Angie, you can't do this. Don't do that. Yeah, I'm doing that. Look, if this gets out, Vernon is gonna be ruined. Oh, poor baby doesn't get his multimillion-dollar deal with the Cowboys. Boo-fucking-hoo. Why are you even dragging him into this? If you needed money, why didn't you just come to me? Don't pretend you care, Spencer. I'm not one of your clients. I'm just another chick at the party you guys pass around for kicks. When did I ever pass you around? You're part of it. Part of what? The boys' club, your little f*cking wolf packs. Whether or not you choose to admit it, it's true. I treated you right. Really? Yeah, we had good times. During all those good times, did we ever have a conversation beyond how good I look, if I want another drink, or where I want to hang out? We talked about a lot of stuff. Your job, your modeling. We talked about your pottery. I'm a 31-year-old concierge clerk who spends her nights shaking her ass at Liv and her mornings trying to earn a degree, all while raising a son. Did you ever know any of those things? I knew about the Liv thing. But when did you have a kid? Are you scared he's yours? Is he? Is that what this is all about? (laughs) God, it'd be so easy to f*ck with you right now and say that he is. Angie, look, I'm really sorry... that you feel passed around. Okay? I'm sorry that you're having a tough time making ends meet. And I'm really f*cking sorry that I ditched you the way I did. I was a f*cking asshole and I did a lot of shitty things that I'm not proud of. But Vernon's a good kid, and if these pictures get out, not only is his contract gonna get killed, but whatever little innocence he has left is gonna get completely f*cking destroyed. And whatever I gotta do to protect that, I'll do it. See? That wasn't so difficult. Your level of sincerity was pitch-perfect. I'll take that check now. Here they are, okay? Every photo of Vernon and a couple good ones of you. Thank you. You still a tequila man? Tommy, two tequilas, please. For old times' sake.  (music playing) (chatter) (distant sirens wailing) (car alarm chirps) (engine starts)  ♪ Open up the sky... ♪ (chuckles) ♪ 'Cause I'm climbing up to you ♪ 
♪ So send down your wings ♪ 
♪ And let 'em bring me to you ♪ 
♪ You know I'm standing at the station ♪ 
♪ Ready to go ♪ 
♪ On a big ol' airplane ♪ 
♪ I'm trusting you so ♪ 
♪ Get on up, big bird, to my baby's love ♪ 
♪ Get on up, big bird, to my baby's love ♪ 
♪ Get on up, big bird, 'cause I've got to make it ♪ 
♪ Just get on up, big bird, 'cause I've got to make it ♪ 
♪ Get on up ♪ 
♪ With me down here ♪ 
♪ With me down here ♪ 
♪ And you up there ♪ 
♪ And you up there ♪ 
♪ Now all we know is ♪ 
♪ All we know is ♪ 
♪ It ain't no fair ♪ 
♪ It ain't no fair ♪ 
♪ 'Cause I got love packed in my baggage ♪ 
♪ Holdin' my claim check ♪ 
♪ Gonna be with my baby ♪ 
♪ And never comin' back ♪ 
♪ Get on up, big bird, to my baby's love ♪ 
♪ Get on up, big bird, to my baby's love ♪ 
♪ Just get on up ♪ 
♪ Big bird ♪ 
♪ Up ♪ 
♪ Big bird. ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 