Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x04 - He So Loved - Hand of God 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x04 - He So Loved https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=415&t=20315 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 09/06/15 11:35 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x04 - He So Loved 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [children chattering] 
 Ma'am. 
 [weather report chatter on the radio] 
 Dr. Greenwald says you need to take these first thing in the morning. 
 Drowsiness, hives, yellowing of skin, abnormal gait, nosebleeds. 
 Possible side effects. 
 I'll pass. 
 You've been hearing voices and seeing things. 
 That doesn't make me crazy. 
 Nobody says you're crazy. 
 But I need antipsychotics? 
 You just need a little help with everything. 
 Erectile dysfunction, seizures, swollen mou... 
 What are you trying to do to me? 
 If any of those things happen, stop taking them. 
 No. 
 Please, Pernell. 
 No! 
 Why not? 
 Because I'm not crazy. 
 You want proof? 
 Only a lunatic would take this sh1t. 
 ♪ If I'm getting there ♪ 
♪ With you ♪ 
 [radio announcer] The search for missing San Vicente police officer Shane Caldwell is now officially a murder investigation. 
 His body was discovered yesterday at a home in the North Oaks neighborhood. 
 What, I cut you? 
 Mayor Boston's office could not be reached for comment, but... 
 [Fantastic Negrito's An Honest Man] 
 ♪ Uh, uh, uh, uh ♪ 
♪ Uh, uh, uh, uh ♪ 
♪ Now I'm in love again ♪ 
♪ Huh, no, this time ♪ 
♪ It's not with my hand ♪ 
♪ Wandering murdering ♪ 
♪ Every time that I get the chance ♪ 
♪ I'm a human ♪ 
♪ But remember first I'm a man ♪ 
♪ These streets got me wandering ♪ 
♪ Looking for my fix again ♪ 
♪ I should have prayed the night before ♪ 
♪ Now I'm losing ♪ 
♪ Everything I had ♪ 
♪ Yesterday it felt so good ♪ 
♪ But now today it feels so bad ♪ 
 Son of a bitch. 
 Can we at least not do this here? 
 We got to do it now. 
 We got places to go, people to meet. 
 Toby, take it away. 
 Shane Caldwell's body was found yesterday. 
 [sighs] 
 Get to the good part. 
 Julio Farkas was arrested this morning and charged with first degree murder. 
 Farkas is an ex-cop. You believe that sh1t? 
 Wait. 
 Wait, you... 
 You have Julio Farkas? In custody? 
 U.S. Marshals picked him up in Fairfield at 1:00 in the morning. 
 That's fantastic. 
 That's f*cking fantastic! 
 [laughs] That's not all. 
 Come on, Toby. 
 I'm sorry I tagged you as a person of interest in Shane... 
 Oh, yeah. Okay, okay. 
 That's Pernell's way of saying "Apology accepted." 
 Then my work here is done. 
 [both laughing] 
 Not a bad start to the day, right? 
 Wow. 
 Now I get to have at least one press conference where the questions don't start with, "Why are you kicking poor people out of their houses?" 
 Did Toby mention where they're holding Julio? 
 You're not gonna stop till I have an aneurysm, are you? 
 Do me a favor, will you? 
 Oh, my God. 
 Just a little favor. 
 Lord, we thank You for making the police stop watching me, but most of all, Lord, we thank You for the messages You're sending Judge Harris so that we know what You want. 
 We can carry out Your will, and we ask that You to keep talking to him, Lord, so that You can guide him and he can find out a way to get to Julio. 
 In Jesus' name we pray. Amen. 
 Amen. 
 Amen. 
 Amen. 
 That part about getting to Julio, it's already handled. 
 They're gonna have him in holding before the arraignment. 
 I'll have plenty of time to talk to him. 
 Well, praise God. It's all unfolding. 
 Now, do you want some more good news, or is all this just too much for you? 
 No. 
 Remember when I told you I was gonna help you find some place to live? 
 I appreciate you doing this. 
 Oh, you're doing me the favor. 
 My failed flip is now income property. 
 Tessie Grant, San Vicente's Donald Trump without the comb-over. 
 [laughs] 
 What? 
 I haven't seen this in a while... 
 Pernell Harris happy. 
 Even cracking bad jokes again. 
 I miss you. 
 You see me every week. 
 I miss touching you. 
 Just say the word. 
 [sighs] I can't. 
 Says who? God? 
 I been talking to Him, and it's working. 
 I don't want to mess that up. 
 [door opening] 
 Tessie : How do you know him? 
 From church. He does odd jobs for me. 
 I'm helping him get back on his feet. 
 That's nice of you. 
 So? Does it work for you? 
 Yeah, it's perfect. 
 Welcome to your new home. 
 May it always be a shelter from the storm. 
 Thank you, Miss. 
 She never said how much. 
 Oh, that's all taken care of. 
 You can finally get the hell out of that halfway house, huh? 
 Well, technically my PO has to verify the address or it's a parole violation. 
 Nah, nobody's paying any attention to that. 
 Let's get you moved in. 
 [chuckles] 
 Hey, I got a couple hours. 
 Anything you can think of that you need? 
 Well, this yard would look real nice with some grass. 
 Hey, if we're gonna walk this fast, we might as well be jogging. 
 Jogging isn't number two on WebMD's natural ways to fight high blood pressure. 
 Have a bite of number four. 
 Yeah, well, this is not gonna help. 
 I couldn't get Pernell to take his meds from Dr. Greenwald this morning. 
 He's not taking his pills? 
 He doesn't think he needs them. 
 He knows he's on the verge of getting suspended. 
 He knows he's... he's f*cking with my concrete pour. 
 We can't have any more coffee visions and fish dreams. 
 Well, he's not gonna listen to me. 
 Maybe he needs to hear it from his best friend. 
 I'll talk to him. 
 [breathing deeply] 
 Pranayama breathing. Two minutes. 
 You need it too. Come on. 
 [breathes deeply] 
 If I'm gonna breathe that deeply, I want a joint in my mouth. 
 Okay. 
 So you start with the weeds, and you can't just pull 'em. 
 You got to spray, and make sure they're dead. 
 Then the seed. Then fertilizer. 
 If you don't have fertilizer, you will not have a lawn. 
 You don't have fertilizer. 
 No. 
 We're gonna have to wrap this up so I can go talk to Julio. 
 All right. 
 All right, this'll make the seeds grow faster, and it'll keep the birds out. 
 Birds don't like sh1t. 
 What about irrigation? 
 Oh, we don't have anything yet, sir. 
 All right, I'm gonna say this twice because people don't listen. 
 Water twice a day for the first two weeks. 
 Water twice a day for the first two weeks. You got that? 
 Yes. 
 Because you can do everything else right, and if you don't water like I just said, you will not have a lawn. 
 I got it. Thank you, sir. 
 All right, they can ring you out over there. 
 All right. Appreciate it. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 You raised a good one there. 
 Oh, he's not my son. 
 Oh. 
 Well, he's got a good heart. 
 I can tell. 
 Gilbert. 
 Good news. 
 We found emesis on Shane's body. 
 What's "emesis?" 
 It's a medical term for vomit. 
 You're showing me a bag of vomit? 
 Emesis. We can extract DNA from it. 
 It's not as fast or reliable as blood or saliva, but it can be done, and I'm betting this belongs to Keith Dennison and not Julio Farkas. 
 How long? 
 Two weeks. 
 We still have eyes on Dennison? 
 Judge McKnight knows we have a body and suspect in custody. 
 She won't approve any more surveillance. 
 So you're holding a bag of vomit which may or may not be Keith Dennison's, which may or may not be Keith Dennison's, and it might not matter if it is and it might not matter if it is because thanks to Pernell Harris, Dennison is a free man doing God knows what to God knows who. 
 You have a very loose definition of good news. 
 Where are they taking Farkas? 
 Room eight. 
 Is he alone? 
 Yes, sir. He's in restraints. 
 He's up second, though, so better be quick. 
 Thanks, Andrews. 
 sh1t. 
 Sorry, Pernell, can't pretend you don't see me. 
 Gilbert, hey. How are you? 
 Oh, so we're playing like everything's fine? 
 I'm great, and how are you, Judge Harris? 
 Gilbert, can we just bury the hatchet? 
 It never should have got to this point. 
 I'm sorry. 
 And now the blanket apology. 
 Am I just some schmuck to you? 
 Gilbert, look, I can't do this now. 
 How about at the hearing I give you a full performance from the heart. 
 It's gonna be too late at the hearing. 
 I'll come see you at your office this afternoon. 
 What's wrong with right here, right now? 
 Gilbert, I'm having bladder issues, and I really don't want to piss all over myself. 
 If you want to, you can come with me to the bathroom. 
 Uh, the bathroom's that way. 
 See? You do still care. 
 [door closes] 
 Just got the list of attendees for the eminent domain powwow. 
 Okay, who's on the firing squad? 
 Councilmen Sacks and Hughes, Councilwoman Wells, some dude from ACLU, a HUD rep, Lorraine... what's her name, from ARC? 
 Frankel. 
 Yeah, and the President of the East San Vicente Neighborhood Association. 
 That's it? Nobody from Greenpeace? 
 You kicking everybody out their houses. 
 Relocate. Relocate. 
 f*cking get the nomenclature right, Asa. 
 Hi, Robert. 
 Hold on. 
 Where's your team? 
 I'm here. Who else do you need? 
 Oh, I don't know, Guy? Mr. Brooks? 
 We're about to sit down with the community activist all-star team and try to convince them it's okay to kick people out their houses. 
 Relocate. 
 Relocate people. 
 Because Brooks is the best thing to happen to San Vicente since me, and all your bosses can do is trot out a pretty face from the PR department. 
 Mayor Boston, I have a PPE degree from Balliol College, Oxford. 
 Yeah, I don't care where you went to school. 
 Well, I'm Senior VP of Communications for Brooks Innovations. You're in good hands. 
 I'm in second-string hands. 
 Folks are gonna doubt just how committed Brooks is to this city. 
 Look, when they hear from me, they'll be hearing from someone who's lived in San Vicente for a year now. 
 I shop here. I take spin classes here. 
 I eat at your three decent restaurants. 
 This is my home, and I promise you I'm a bigger cheerleader for San Vicente than Nathan Brooks. 
 If you want anyone at this meeting, it is me. 
 They're here, Mr. Mayor. Send them in? 
 Yes. Rah, rah, sis boom bah. 
 [all chattering] 
 Man on TV : We gave it to live there with him and the husband in turn to receive her. 
 You know he's still trying to see me every week. 
 Sometimes twice. 
 He's still paying full price. 
 Sounds like hooker alimony to me. 
 Mm-mm. He's not going anywhere. 
 He loves being with somebody who doesn't have expectations on him. 
 Yes, I do. 
 But you haven't had s*x with him in, like, what, a month? 
 I know how this goes. 
 Remember my guy who owned the Ford dealerships? 
 Barry with the sad, little moustache. 
 [laughs] He had this little mini-stroke, and he freaked out, became a total health nut. 
 Started training for a marathon and decides that f*cking me is sapping his strength. 
 What, was he trying to make the Olympic team? 
 Right, but he still saw me every Friday. 
 Only now he's paying me to listen to his split times and talk about how he can't piss for two days after a race. 
 [both laughing] 
 I wasn't mad. I was like, "Mm, easy money." 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Right? 
 But then two months later, he's all talked out. 
 Well, maybe you need to improve your conversation skills. 
 [laughs] 
 Bitch, you need to get back on that and remind him why you're so special. 
 He's gonna find someone cheaper to talk to like a shrink or his wife. 
 He's taking this Christian trip very seriously. 
 That's a red flag. 
 I'm giving him time and space to do that. 
 That's a red f*cking flag, Tessie. 
 Mm. 
 Do you know what you sound like right now? 
 You sound like a good friend. 
 [scoffs] 
 You do not want to be his friend. He is your customer, your best customer, and you're a provider. 
 You know, you got to think like a businesswoman. 
 [doorbell buzzing] 
 Who's that? 
 My brother. 
 The receipt cannot be allowed into evidence because it's a copy. 
 We never stipulated to its use, and the defense never served us with notice to produce the original. 
 Redlich : Your Honor, this is a copy they made during discovery. 
 Try not to let this guy drag things out. 
 I got a chiro in 30. 
 Mr. Redlich, would you approach the bench, please? 
 Judge Harris, she's just trying to buy time to shore up her case. 
 By the letter of the law, she's right, but it could be argued that stipulation was implied when she sent the Xerox. 
 Then that's what I'll argue. 
 You know what would be even more persuasive to me? 
 There's a murder suspect I'd like you to take on pro bono. 
 So... wait, you want me to what? 
 Julio Farkas. 
 I want you to take him on as a client. 
 Nothing nefarious, just a chin-wag. 
 Pro bono? My specialty's torts. 
 I don't even do criminal. 
 I'm not asking you to go to trial. 
 Just say you're his attorney, get visitor's rights, I'll take care of the rest. 
 Deal? 
 Um... Deal. 
 Anything else? 
 Yeah, go over your evidence notes 101. 
 This was an amateur mistake. 
 I am allowing the receipt into evidence. 
 Since prosecution made the copy, stipulation to its authenticity is inferred. 
 You may proceed, Mr. Redlich. 
 What do you mean they're kicking you out? 
 They kicking everybody in East San Vicente out to make way for this Brooks project. 
 But they have to pay fair market value for the houses. 
 They threw a couple bucks at us, and they expect us to take the chump change and buy something in a neighborhood that costs three times as much. 
 [laughs] 
 What? 
 Sorry. 
 I'm still trying to figure out when my little brother turned into a grown ass man, and you talk like you know something too. 
 [sighs] 
 Ma's talking about moving us to San Jose with Aunt Lotte. 
 I'm not trying to move in the middle of my senior year. 
 You think you could help us out? 
 Now, you know good and well Mom would rather live on the streets than let me help her. 
 It's been a couple years. Things could have changed. 
 She know you here? 
 'Cause ain't sh1t changed. 
 So you're not even gonna try? 
 For what? So she can spit in my face? 
 There's nothing I can do, Khalil. 
 Right. 
 You know, 'cause you tried. 
 Come on, now. Don't be like that. 
 Look, let's get something to eat. 
 I know you hungry. It must take, like, four steaks a day to keep those legs growing. 
 I'm buying. We could catch up. 
 I'm all caught up. 
 Okay, I have something to show you. 
 I think it might cheer you up, but it could also be a complete disaster. 
 Is it the "Linda Listen" video? 'cause that'll cheer me up. 
 [chuckles] Just watch, and if it's too much, just tell me, I'll stop it. 
 [laughs] Okay. 
 Okay. 
 You ready? 
 Try to get me and not the bush this time, okay? 
 Josh : Dude, it's hard to hide and film, all right? 
 Pj : Quit your whining and let's get on with it. 
 My God. 
 I'm sorry. Too soon. 
 No, no, no, no, just... 
 It's my bad. 
 Please, just keep it going. Please. 
 You sure? 
 Do you have any idea how much I miss just hearing his voice? 
 Okay. 
 [chuckles] 
 Stop bitching, please, and just see if you can get the ring. 
 Josh : All right. 
 [sighs] All right. 
 Josh : Uh, Yeah, I think I got it. 
 I mean, I can barely see it. 
 Couldn't have done better than that? 
 Come on, man, you're rich. 
 Yeah, my family is rich. This is from me. 
 [shuddering exhale] 
 Josh : All right, do... do your whole spiel so I know exactly when to pan down. 
 I love you. Marry me. Blah, blah, blah. 
 [laughs] 
 Josh : Come on, for real. 
 Josh : Dude, you want this to be perfect, man. 
 [laughs] He's so silly. 
 [both laughing] 
 [clears throat] 
 Josh : If she says no, it's the only shot you got. 
 [sighs] Um... 
 Freshman week you showed me the way to Gilman Hall, and that was the last time I felt lost. 
 Um, we knew each other before we met. 
 I was walking towards you before I took my first steps. 
 I was calling your name before I knew how to speak. 
 I was loving you before my heart could beat. 
 [laughs] 
 And I can't imagine a better friend, lover, and Scrabble opponent to share the adventure of life with, so... 
 [sobs] Look at that. 
 Will you marry me? 
 What do you think? 
 Josh : sh1t, dude, I don't want to marry you. 
 [both laughing] 
 Stop. 
 More. 
 You want more? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Got a little more. 
 Please. 
 [chuckles] 
 I talked to Collette. 
 Oh, that reminds me. 
 I thought of a precedent for a judge releasing a felon after a plea deal's been struck. 
 Baxter v. California, 1997, Madera County. 
 Collette says there's no scenario where you don't get suspended. 
 It's just a question of how long. 
 She's a worrywart. She always has been. 
 We'll pull this out. 
 Not if you keep having episodes. 
 I'm holding it together. 
 Hmm, the last time I heard that was right before you left me hanging at that meeting with McCauley. 
 Maybe you need a little help. 
 I'm not seeing a shrink. 
 Did I say "shrink"? No, I don't think I said "shrink." I'm not talking about a shrink. 
 I'm talking about the miracle of modern medicine. 
 I take a blue pill, I'm hard in a second. 
 Then I take a yellow one just to make sure I don't have a stroke while f*cking. 
 It's a wondrous thing. 
 She just won't take no for an answer, will she? 
 Crystal cares about you, so do I. 
 Yeah, but neither of you are willing to accept what I'm going through. 
 Going through. 
 Talking about the church thing. 
 Yeah, "that church thing." 
 Hey, man, I can't tell you not to find Jesus, but let me ask you a question. 
 Didn't God make medicine? 
 Just a thought. 
 Think about it. 
 No, you can't say she was hospitalized because of exhaustion. 
 Everybody knows that means drugs. 
 Same thing for dehydration. 
 Denise, I got to go. Say it was... female problems. 
 I'll see you. 
 You need to relax. 
 And you need to back the f*ck off. 
 I'm not taking that poison. 
 You can sic Randy on me in the morning. 
 I'll tell her the same f*cking thing. 
 We're just trying to help. 
 No, you're not. 
 You're trying to sedate me so you can trot me out to Brooks like some f*cking show pony. 
 This way Bobo gets his concrete pour and you don't lose an account. 
 Don't be so cynical. 
 30 years, Crys. I know how we work. 
 You use me to get all your big dreams. 
 Today it's Brooks. Yesterday it was your PR firm. 
 I used my own money and found my own investors to start CHPR. 
 You got all your clients off of my coattails. 
 Bullshit. 
 I'm f*cking good at what I do. 
 You don't even know half my client list. 
 I'm not talking about your mom and pop flower shop. 
 I'm talking about your bread and butter accounts. 
 You think you would have landed St. Joseph's Hospital if the Harris Estate hadn't donated to the pediatrics wing? 
 You closed the Chauncey Hotel account after I guaranteed 'em that the California Bar Convention would meet there every f*cking year. 
 You better be f*cking crazy, 'cause otherwise, you're just an asshole. 
 Is this part of being born again, pissing on everybody around you? 
 No, but telling the truth is. 
 Oh. 
 Well, since we're being honest, we shouldn't leave out the part about when we met. 
 How people didn't even know your name. 
 You were just Joseph Harris's slightly disappointing son, a trust fund baby, a member of the lucky sperm club. 
 Your daddy wouldn't even give you reins to his company. 
 And now... you wear the ring that everybody in San Vicente has to kiss. 
 You think you did that all by yourself? 
 Is that how you want to rewrite that chapter? 
 I don't care about any of that. 
 All I care about's our son. 
 Yeah, now you care about PJ. 
 Yeah. Now I do. 
 
 
 
 Bobo : Yeah, Parks Department gave these kids the okay to have the tournament there. 
 City attorney on speaker : That's not the point. 
 There's a noise ordinance rule in effect. 
 Woman on speaker : There has to be some sort of agreement we can reach that would satisfy... 
 You can see almost all of San Vicente from there. 
 City attorney : From where? 
 Nothing. Just keep it moving. 
 You can't really see East San Vicente, but I hear it's not gonna be around for much longer anyway. 
 It'll be there, just... just different, better. 
 With Brooks coming in, there's gonna be a gaggle of techies coming to town. 
 They need a place to live, shop, go to cafes. 
 East San Vicente is that place. 
 And the folks who live there now, they're just in the way? 
 What are you, an undercover activist now? 
 My mom and kid brother got an eminent domain notice, and the money they're getting won't pay for a storage unit. 
 Any way to up that? 
 [grumbles] 
 Two months ago maybe we could have played with the appraisal value, but now it's on the record. I'm sorry. 
 Four neighborhoods around Brooks. 
 You pick the poorest one to level? 
 Look at the big picture. Once Brooks comes to town with their tax dollars I can start fixing things. 
 Top of my list, low income housing. 
 Not projects. 
 Real neighborhoods that we can be proud of. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Hey, you have to tell yourself something, right? 
 Come on now, Tessie. Truth is, we're in the same line of work. 
 We both get screwed by San Vicente's rich and powerful to see if we can have something to show for it. 
 No, there's a difference between us. 
 I get paid up front. 
 You suck a dick and hope for the best. 
 Now, that's not... 
 Your mama ain't crippled, is she? 
 Excuse me? 
 Well, if she was, we could put her on the extreme duress list. 
 You know, like when they kick a cripple out when everything's set up for handicaps, ramps and whatnot. City pays extra for that. 
 My mom's got a bad hip. 
 Thanks. 
 Ohh. Man, this feels good. 
 You want to talk about it? 
 It's the last thing I want to do. 
 Mm. 
 We should probably pick those up for her. 
 That's a long walk, and if you really think about it, we're doing her a favor. 
 She'll get more exercise if she has to run back and get them. 
 [laughs] 
 [both laughing] 
 Oh. [Laughs] 
 Hey, do you ever go to church? 
 When I had to, growing up. 
 Me too. 
 Yeah. 
 Christmas, Easter, but you know... did you ever believe? 
 You ever get moved by the spirit? 
 Mm. My folks made me go to "Ignition." 
 That was our church's teen ministry. 
 My friends and I would sneak out of the sermon, hang in the basement. 
 That was the first time I hooked up with a girl. 
 First time I came too. 
 Well, that was kind of a religious experience. 
 [laughs] 
 You came in a church basement? 
 I can come pretty much anywhere. 
 It's... It's a gift. 
 I don't own it, you know. 
 [laughs] 
 Yeah, the first time I ever came was with Pernell. 
 It was after a Stanford/Cal game. 
 We were driving back to Palo Alto, and there was a lot of traffic on the freeway, so we got off at San Leandro, and next thing you know, we're in the backseat of the car. 
 Mm. And I just... got caught up in the moment. 
 Or else we just found the perfect angle in the backseat of the car. [Laughs] 
 You married the first man who gave you an orgasm. 
 No, that's not why. 
 [scoffs] 
 It's a good thing your high school boyfriend didn't know what he was doing or you'd be hanging laundry outside a mobile home in Stockton. 
 No, he could've gone down on me like an oboe player. 
 I still would've gotten out of that dump. 
 That a thing, oboe players being good at giving head? 
 Is it? 
 [laughs] I don't know. 
 Well, they use their lips and their mouths. 
 Eh, musicians are overrated. 
 Mm. 
 [sighs] 
 God, I miss him. 
 Mm. 
 The old Pernell. 
 Before all this sh1t with PJ and being born again. 
 I think I lost that man. 
 You think you lost him or are you giving up on him? 
 Ever think about going back to church? 
 [door opening] 
 [chatter on TV] 
 You're not coming into this house. 
 That's fine. 
 I heard you're getting kicked out. 
 From who, your brother? 
 You don't stick to anything you promise, do you? 
 He came looking for me. 
 I'm just here to give you this. 
 I already got a check from the city. 
 This one's for another $75,000 so you don't have to move to San Jose. 
 And what did you do for that money? 
 I asked. 
 Judging by that fancy car and all that jewelry, you've been doing a lot of asking. 
 Why can't you just say thank you? 
 Oh, you think it's something, you walking up here, waving money in my face. 
 All it does is remind me of what you are. 
 You don't get that, because you never listened. 
 All you cared about was getting out. 
 "I'm going to Los Angeles. I'm going to New York." 
 I wasn't supposed to have dreams? 
 You wanted me to end up like you, check to check, mad at everything? 
 I'd rather see you standing here in rags with some self-respect. 
 I didn't ask you to come, and I don't want your money. 
 It's not mine. It's the city's. 
 Take it for Khalil's sake, then. 
 Can I at least say good-bye to my brother? 
 Did that a long time ago when you chose the life. 
 You put a 16-year-old girl out on the street. 
 I had a choice. 
 [cell door closing] 
 You know who I am? 
 You know why I'm here? 
 I didn't kill Shane. 
 But you were working with him. 
 Now I want to know who hired you. 
 What? 
 f*ck with me and I'll f*ck with you. 
 Help me and I'll show you what a decent human being I can be. 
 Now, I want to know about Shane. 
 I want to know about that night, and I want to know who were you working for. 
 [cell door opening] 
 Visiting hour's over, fellas. 
 Get him out of here. 
 You signed in as Ted Redlich. 
 What happened to "thou shalt not lie," Mr. Born Again? 
 Toby, please, I just wanted... 
 What? What do you want? 
 I'm trying... I'm trying to ask some questions! 
 Okay, what kind of questions? 
 I want to know who he was working for. 
 You mean with. You think he was working with Shane, right? 
 I know he was working with Shane, but somebody hired him. I want to know who that was. 
 Right. Okay. 
 I'll be sure to ask him. 
 f*ck you. 
 Anything else before you go? 
 No? 
 Escort Judge Harris to the exit, please. 
 Get your f*cking hand off me. 
 You're pissing on the wrong tree. 
 Two weeks ago that would've been true. 
 Now you're just a crazy judge, and from what I understand, after your hearing tomorrow, you'll just be f*cking crazy. 
 [grunts] [whimpers] 
 You leave now, I don't press charges, Mr. Redlich. 
 Get him out of here. 
 Pernell : I was this close to getting the answers that I needed. 
 Baby, I can only imagine. 
 Everybody wants me to just flip a switch, go back to being who I was, but I can't. 
 I learned a long time ago not to look back. 
 Come here. 
 Are you sure? 
 [sighs] 
 You're right. 
 You tell me when. 
 Mmm. 
 Mmm. 
 That's... probably when. 
 [both groaning] 
 So I shouldn't be doing this? 
 I shouldn't. 
 From what I've heard, God is pretty big on forgiveness. 
 I got to do everything the right way. 
 I need God right now more than ever. 
 Shh. 
 I just want you to know I'm here for you. 
 Mmm. 
 Whatever you need. 
 Mmm. 
 [sighs] Tess. 
 I get it. 
 Wait. 
 Wait. 
 Keep going. 
 Mmm. 
 Mmm. 
 You like that? 
 Mmm. 
 [sighs] 
 [groans] 
 Miss me? 
 You miss me? 
 [groaning] 
 You miss me? 
 [groaning] 
 No. No. No. No! 
 No! 
 [panting] 
 Mmm. 
 I shouldn't be doing this. 
 Baby, let it happen. It's fine. 
 No. No, it isn't. 
 You got to go, Tess. 
 [door slamming] 
 Hey. 
 I come in peace. 
 I actually even made us dinner. 
 It's my way of saying I'm sorry. 
 Crys. 
 No, wait, wait, wait. 
 Let me finish. 
 I need to respect what you're going through and not try to manage it. 
 What is this really about? 
 [laughs] I just want us to have dinner together. 
 Look, I... I even made spaghetti. 
 Me. [Laughs] It's the first meal that we ever had at my apartment. 
 And I did not burn the sauce. 
 Well, at least I hope I didn't. 
 You cooked. 
 Yeah. 
 Well, before all this, we used to be a team. 
 When the sh1t hit the fan, we came together. 
 Like, remember when your dad had that heart attack? 
 We took shifts at the hospital. 
 We kept the trust afloat. 
 We even walked that stupid dog of his every day. 
 I don't know, I just... 
 I'd like to get back to that, you know. 
 Thought we could start with a family dinner together. 
 We can't really be a family right now because... 
 Oh, Jesus Christ, Pernell. 
 [sighs] 
 Do not make me beg. 
 It is my son that's lying in a coma too, and while you were off praying or doing God knows what else, I have been here alone, wondering what... I could have done, what... I shouldn't have done, trying to understand how I... didn't know he was in that much pain. 
 And I don't want to be alone anymore. 
 I need you. 
 Sit. 
 You want to say grace? 
 [laughs] 
 Oh! 
 Fucker. 
 [machine beeping] 
 Hey, kiddo. 
 Miss your old man? 
 I was hoping to have some good news for you, but... didn't work out the way I thought. 
 Pj : Sacrifice your son. 
 [dark music] 
 PJ, I'm not letting you go. 
 PJ's voice : Sacrifice him. 
 Don't ask me to do that. 
 [eerie music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Jocelyn : Aw, that's it? 
 Okay, one more before I have to go in. 
 There. 
 No, you don't want to watch this one. 
 I want to watch all of 'em. 
 All right. 
 First run of the new Bath Water software. 
 Josh on video : Next stop, Mountain View. 
 Nice try, dude. We're not... we're not selling this to Google. 
 We're not selling it to anybody. 
 I'm not talking about selling it. 
 I'm saying license it, put parameters on it, whatever. 
 No. 
 Dude, for every rule there are two loopholes. 
 Yeah, well, for every excuse there are two reasons why it's bullshit. 
 I'm not doing this with you again, okay? 
 This isn't our decision. It's mine. 
 Hold up, hold up, Captain Queeg. 
 This is our company, and don't talk to me like I'm some afterthought, all right? 
 It's my program, man. I created it. 
 Josh on video : Yeah, and... and Einstein discovered relativity with, like, a hundred other math geniuses. 
 Yeah, but if push comes to shove and we disagree, who has final say? 
 Well... yeah. 
 No, if you... if you want to be a dick about it, which you clearly do, then you have final say. 
 Pj : Yeah, exactly. 
 Forget it, okay? We'll... We'll do this later. 
 Oh, my God. 
 Yeah. 
 It got that nasty for a minute, but you knew it wasn't pretty. 
 [Josh sighs] 
 I need to talk to you. 
 Save it for the hearing. 
 What do you want even more than seeing me off the bench? 
 Seeing you disbarred. 
 I think there's something you want even more than that. 
 [tense music] 
 [siren wailing in the distance] 
 Nolan : Your Honor, my client just moved into his new home a couple of days ago. 
 He was planning to tell his parole officer at their next meeting, which is scheduled. 
 Well, this is not Mr. Dennison's first rodeo. 
 Surely he was aware that any change of address without prior approval from his PO is a violation. 
 But he is making great strides. 
 He secured a job. 
 Even with this house, he's paying rent on it. 
 It shows that he's becoming a productive member of society. 
 I won't deny that I'm very impressed with those developments. 
 Isn't that the whole point of the criminal justice system? 
 No, the point is keeping violent criminals off the street. 
 Wouldn't you agree, Your Honor? 
 Mr. Dennison, I've thought long and hard, and I have consulted with my most trusted advisors, so I do not make this decision lightly, but it is clear to me that the only solution to the current circumstance is for you to be locked up. 
 You need to spend time with the rapists, murderers, and cop killers that are housed in the San Vicente City Jail. 
 [suspenseful music] 
 Now, I can only hope while you are incarcerated that you will use your time wisely, that you will ask relevant questions, gather insights, information from all those around you, even the inmates, and I'm convinced that if you do these things, that you will learn everything you need to know in order to complete the journey that you are on. 
 You understand? 
 I do, but... oh. Oh. 
 This court orders... 
 Wait. 
 Hold on. 
 Oh, Keith, wait. 
 [all murmuring] 
 Just wait. 
 Wait. Wait. 
 Keith, sit down. 
 He can talk. 
 I... I guess I thought I wouldn't... I would never go back there, but if you say I made a mistake and I have to pay, I'm willing. 
 But could we wait just a couple weeks? 
 Well, that's not how this works. 
 I got grass growing in. 
 [laughter] 
 KD : They... 
 I killed all the weeds. I prepared the ground. 
 The seeds are laid down, but they need water. 
 If you send me back now, all that grass is gonna die. 
 But our citizens will be safer. 
 Yeah. 
 I get it. 
 To most people this doesn't make sense, but it makes sense to me. 
 This grass matters to me. 
 So if... if I could... if I could have just a little more time, Your Honor? 
 Just a little more time to water it, please. 
 Your Honor, can we wrap this up? 
 Mr. Dennison, you're a believer, aren't you? 
 You know I am. 
 Well, then pray for rain. 
 14 days, San Vicente City Jail. 
 [clears throat] 
 What the hell? 
 Watsonville-McCoy number four. 
 What's a McWho number what? 
 Magic earthquake rocks. 
 You heard about Pernell getting off. 
 We start mixing in three weeks. 
 So I'm getting my concrete pour? 
 Sis boom f*cking bah. 
 Hey, praise God. 
 [soft rock music playing] 
 Hi, all. 
 I'll make this quick because I just love what's going on here, the talking and the sharing. 
 I don't want to interrupt that, but I do want to say thank you for coming. 
 We're thrilled to have you here at Hand of God, and well, we thank Jesus for that blessing, and I know that Reverend Paul feels the same way. 
 It's such a blessing that you would even consider making Hand of God your church home. 
 We welcome you with open arms. 
 We don't care who you are, where you're from. 
 All we ask is that you come with open hearts and open minds, and we'll let Jesus take care of the rest. 
 Alicia : Amen. 
 All : Amen. 
 Paul : Amen. 
 Hey, Joe. 
 Hello, Miss Graham. 
 Mm. 
 I'm not going to Aunt Lotte's. 
 You know Ma won't let you stay. 
 I... I'm 18. I don't need her permission. 
 Just yours. 
 [poignant music] 
 [dogs barking] 
 Guard : You two in there. 
 [men murmuring] 
 [tense music] 
 [cell doors closing] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 KD. Good to see you, brother. 
 Guard : Hey, keep it moving. 
 You're in cell C-19. 
 Inmate : Keep walking, boy. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [laughs] 
 Yo, what's up, CO? 
 Guard : Eyes forward. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Yeah, man. 
 Keep walking. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 