Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x10 - The Tie That Binds - Hand of God 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x10 - The Tie That Binds https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=415&t=20321 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 09/06/15 14:07 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x10 - The Tie That Binds 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [Kimbra's Good Intent playing] 
 ♪ ♪ 
♪ You heard the crickets of the early eve ♪ 
♪ They lurk around the opening in twos and threes ♪ 
♪ Clementine told you not to move with the breeze ♪ 
♪ I'll take you down to places where we dare not speak ♪ 
♪ The red light in the doorway says she's armed ♪ 
♪ But boy go try your luck and you might get past ♪ 
♪ Step into the dwelling of the tiger's mouth ♪ 
♪ Peer into the panic for a kick and swell ♪ 
♪ You know you shouldn't be there but it's way passed bed ♪ 
 Pernell? 
 ♪ There's comfort in the fingers of your good intent ♪ 
♪ You know you shouldn't be there ♪ 
♪ But your money's all spent ♪ 
♪ You've got your reputation and your ♪ 
 [song on speaker] ♪ Good intent ♪ 
♪ Your good intent ♪ 
 [song switched off] 
 [heavy breathing] 
 [gun clicks] 
 Please, Lord, I'm Your servant. 
 Please give me the strength to do Your will. 
 Give me the strength, dear Lord. 
 [elevator dings] 
 [heels clacking] 
 [gun cocks] 
 [whispering] Do it. 
 Do it. 
 Shoot her. 
 Shoot her. 
 Come on, man, do it. 
 Help me do this. 
 No. 
 [car starts] 
 [sighs] 
 What kind of pussy can't pull the trigger? 
 [Fantastic Negrito's An Honest Man] 
 [blues vocalization] 
 ♪ Now I'm in love again ♪ 
♪ No, this time it's not ♪ 
♪ With my hand ♪ 
♪ Wandering, murdering ♪ 
♪ Every time that I get ♪ 
♪ The chance ♪ 
♪ I'm a human, no ♪ 
♪ But remember first ♪ 
♪ I'm a man ♪ 
♪ These streets ♪ 
♪ Got me wandering ♪ 
♪ Looking for my fix again ♪ 
♪ I should've prayed ♪ 
♪ The night before ♪ 
♪ Now I'm losing ♪ 
♪ Everything I have ♪ 
♪ Yesterday it felt so good ♪ 
♪ But now today ♪ 
♪ It feels so bad ♪ 
 So we have confirmation from all the local media outlets and a few nationals, including MSNBC, who wants to do... 
 Sounds great. Here, check this out. 
 See that? 
 Not quite 360, but that's how it feels, right? 
 Wow, that's amazing. 
 Anne, you don't seem excited. 
 I'm very excited. 
 That's from one EB camera. 
 Nathan, can we talk about the bee? 
 I thought the bee decision was made. 
 I'm suggesting we revisit it. 
 I... I don't think we should have the bee at the pour. 
 We tested Brooks EB, and the response was overwhelmingly positive. 
 People like bees. 
 I like bees. 
 I like their dance language. 
 Could you imagine if I had one of these cameras in the middle of some swarming bees? 
 I like bees too, I just don't see what they have to do with Brooks Innovations. 
 Well, what did Ronald McDonald have to do with hamburgers? 
 This decision was made and approved a month ago. 
 No need to get sensitive. 
 I'm sorry, am I being sensitive when I disagree with you, or is it just when I speak at all? 
 You know, Brooks Innovation is kind of like a bee, isn't it? 
 I mean, if everybody in the world's a flower, we're the bees. 
 We collect the nectar, take it back to the hive, and make honey, and we pollinate along the way, help the world, like bees. 
 So the bee's in? 
 The bee's in. 
 You want to see the dance? 
 No, thank you. 
 I want a dozen of those set up around the whole site here on time lapse mode. 
 Are you okay? 
 I'm just tired of Guy's sabotage. 
 I don't need his sh1t, especially after this morning. 
 Why? What happened this morning? 
 Someone is stalking me. 
 Oh, God. 
 Did you call the police? 
 I'm not 100% sure. 
 I just... I saw a big man in a hoodie, but... 
 I felt like he was gonna come after me. 
 You didn't see who he was? 
 No. No idea. 
 Anyway, congrats on the bee. 
 That's a win. 
 Okay, I'll see you at the pool. 
 So you gonna tell me why you're so happy, man? 
 'Cause honestly, I don't see a difference, man. 
 Y'all made that Brooks deal... it was, like, what, over a year ago, man? 
 Had the press conference and everything. 
 Come on, come on, Jackie. It's like this. 
 You remember Terrell talking about he was engaged? 
 Yeah. 
 Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. 
 Why you got to bring my name up in this, man? 
 Look, I'm making a point. 
 So make it with your own name. 
 Man, relax. 
 I'm not about to say anything that's news to anybody here. 
 You got a smart girl, and got engaged, and bought a ring, right? 
 Nigga put 50% down on Cancun, too. 
 He didn't get that back, either. 
 And he didn't get married. 
 Right. 
 See what I mean? 
 That press conference last year was getting engaged. 
 And concrete pour? That's getting married. 
 Okay, look, I didn't lose that honeymoon money. 
 I went to Mexico, and I had me some señoritas. 
 Boy, I had me a time. sh1t. 
 Them señoritas probably cost more than the ring. 
 Right, right, right. 
 You know, you feel that? 
 The best 50 pesos I spent. sh1t. 
 Hey, where's Papa D? 
 He said he don't need a haircut. 
 You serious? 
 Never known that man to go to a party without a shave and a fresh cut. 
 Well, he's not coming to the pour. 
 Why not? 
 I guess he found out what happened with Goldstein. 
 He what? How? 
 I guess I told him. 
 [barber shop music playing] 
 Come on, man, let me get this line straight, bro. 
 We're gonna need to pour some concrete on the back of your head. 
 Thought you weren't going to work today. 
 I didn't. 
 But you needed your briefcase? 
 Yeah. 
 Open it. 
 No. 
 It was you this morning, wasn't it, waiting for Anne? 
 Oh, what am I supposed to do with that? 
 You saw the video. She had the book. 
 She had a book. 
 The same book that was stolen the night Jocelyn was raped. 
 A book that has a million copies in print. 
 Yes, except this one had PJ's software hidden inside. 
 So you're saying that Anne ordered somebody to rape Jocelyn in front of PJ to cover up stealing a book? 
 In what world does that make sense? 
 In a world where she was having an affair with our son. 
 That world does not exist. 
 PJ never even met her. 
 Crys, I'm right about this. 
 How do you know? 
 Visions from God? 
 Voices? 
 [sighs] 
 In two days, we have to say goodbye to our son. 
 No, we don't. 
 Yes, yes, we do. 
 And I want you there, by my side. 
 But if you do anything to make me even the least bit nervous, I will call the police myself. 
 You're gonna have coverage of the whole stage. 
 That way you can move! 
 [laughs] 
 But you can't just stop willy-nilly. No, no. 
 You have to land on one of the three sweet spots. 
 That way, the camera knows you're there, and the lights are set up for you. 
 That's when you're in the money. 
 Now, this is the Father, this is the Son, and this is the Holy Spirit! 
 Bishop Bruce always likes to say that, "When in doubt, stick with the Trinity, baby." 
 This reminds me of my acting days. 
 Oh, that's right. TV guy, yeah. 
 Well, this is gonna be easy for you. 
 [chuckles] 
 Excuse me, what are you doing with our piano? 
 Oh, that's... that's my call. 
 I need that spot for the camera position. 
 We need this for praise and worship. 
 On top of the band? 
 We don't have a band. 
 You're gonna have a four piece with keyboards for the telecast. 
 Bishop Bruce is providing that. 
 Go ahead and get that out of here. 
 Ah, thank you, but that is not necessary. 
 We like just a piano and a small choir, and a guitar sometimes. 
 We keep it simple. 
 You said you liked that about us. 
 Well, there's a difference between real-life simple and TV simple. 
 And what happened to, "We want to follow your lead?" 
 We do, and we are. We're not saying no to a band. 
 But the piano has to stay. 
 We came up with a song to open our first televised service with two years ago, when all this was just a pipe dream. 
 If you heard Paul play... 
 And Alicia sing, you would know. 
 Well, and the bishop says "Let it stay." 
 [all laugh] 
 [door closes] 
 Hey, hey. 
 What's she doing here? 
 I came to see what was wrong with Khalil. 
 I wasn't talking to you. 
 Well, he was. 
 He called me, told me about getting thrown around like a common criminal, having guns pulled on him. 
 You told her? 
 Well, he didn't want to, but I could tell something was wrong just by hearing his voice, like a mother should. 
 Pulled the rest out of him. 
 I took care of it. 
 I spent 18 years keeping this child's nose clean. 
 You know how hard that is with a boy where we come from? 
 But I did. 
 One month with you in charge, and look what happens. 
 You know, I told him it was a mistake coming around you, but he wanted to be hardheaded. 
 You must've passed that down to him. 
 What did you say? 
 I said, "Get your bag." 
 What do you mean, she passed it down? 
 Get out. 
 Yo, some... somebody has to answer that. 
 I'm not leaving without my baby. 
 He is not your baby. 
 He is my baby, and he's better off with me. 
 I want you to stay, Khalil. 
 I'm sorry about what happened to you, but it would not happen again. 
 I am good for you now. 
 Ma, I... I told you I'm not trying to go to San Jose. 
 You hear what he called me? 
 Ma, 'cause I raised him. 
 I call you Ma, too. You didn't do sh1t for me. 
 You coming? 
 Oh, gonna be hardheaded just like her. 
 Call me when you come around to it. 
 [door opens and closes] 
 He's fixated on this woman, this random woman. 
 And he thinks God is sending him messages again. 
 I need you to talk to him. 
 I'd be happy to, but I told you Pernell should've stayed at Serenity Lake. 
 Nobody wanted to listen. 
 It seemed that he was getting better. 
 He was, and if he comes back, he will, if he stays. 
 [indistinct P.A. announcement] 
 We're... we're turning off the respirator in two days. 
 He can take a field trip. 
 No, it's more than that. 
 Pernell is the director of the Harris family estate. 
 And you're afraid if he's hospitalized for an extended time, he'll be declared incompetent? 
 And control of the trust would go to his heir, PJ. 
 And if there is no heir? 
 The trust is very specific that the estate remains in the hands of a blood relative, and that would be Pernell's aunt Val, and if she gets control... it... it can't happen. 
 Because you'd be cut off? Of course. 
 I wondered how you were gonna make this all about you. 
 I'm not making this all about me. 
 Bullshit. You're putting your needs ahead of getting Pernell the treatment he needs again. 
 f*ck you. He's about to lose his son. 
 Is he supposed to lose everything else too? 
 Is that how you think he's gonna get better? 
 You asked me to come here. 
 You told me he was fixated with some woman. 
 You obviously think he needs help. 
 I do not want him hospitalized again. 
 Can you just point me in the right direction with him? 
 You can't wish this away. 
 If you're gonna leave him out here and you don't want a disaster on your hands, then you better follow the formula. 
 One, medication. Two, therapy. 
 Three, eliminate negative influences. 
 For a small gift of $12, you can receive your own DVD copy of Reverend Paul's series "One True Freedom," four hours that will knock your empty life and point you to the prosperity and peace of mind that comes with true freedom. 
 Praise God. 
 Hi. 
 I was wondering if you knew where I could find Keith. 
 No. I'm actually on my way out, so... 
 Well, if you did know, would you tell me? 
 Probably not. 
 I guess I deserve that... after the way I talked to you. 
 I'm sorry. 
 We prayed for you. We prayed for your son. 
 We introduced you to the Holy Father. 
 When you called, whenever you called, Paul always came running to help. 
 And I'm grateful. 
 Grateful? 
 You accused us of targeting you. 
 I thought I was on the wrong path, and I thought that was Paul's fault. 
 Now I know. 
 Know what? 
 Sometimes God asks you to do things... that other people just don't understand. 
 Anyway... 
 If you see Keith, could you... tell him I'm trying to get in touch with him? 
 He's here. 
 He's downstairs. 
 [doors opening] 
 Hey, Keith. 
 Good to see you. 
 I... I know I put us... 
 I put you in a bad situation. 
 I'm sorry. 
 But I come bearing good news. 
 I know who's behind everything. 
 We're at the end of this, but I can't finish it without you. 
 I need you. 
 I need my Benaiah. 
 Satan, I rebuke thee. 
 What? 
 In the name of Jesus Christ, my Lord and Savior, I rebuke thee! 
 Smoke? 
 Huh. 
 Biggest moment of my career, and you're staying home. 
 Your granddaddy had a stick. 
 A club, really. 
 This story? 
 His talking stick. 
 Anytime he felt disrespected, he'd grab that stick and go off for a little talk. 
 One night, he came home so beat down, looked like somebody'd run him over with a truck. 
 I was crying. 
 My mama begged him not to go back out there, because she knew that... the people he wanted to talk to didn't think nothing about killing niggers. 
 Might've heard this story up to a hundred times. 
 I've been telling it to you since the day you were born because I wanted you to know what kind of man I expected out of you. 
 What did he say? 
 What did he tell my mama, son? 
 [music playing on radio] 
 He said, "They might kill me, but I'm gonna have my say." 
 That's right. 
 That's the kind of blood we come from. 
 It flows through us. 
 [sighs] 
 Now, I hear you let some white boy call you nigger like it wasn't nothing, like you ain't got no history. 
 Oh, I know I got history. 
 What I didn't have was a grandpa, 'cause one time he didn't come back. 
 He died a man. 
 You don't think I'm a man? 
 I'm so sorry I let you down. 
 I'm sorry being the first person in our family to graduate college wasn't enough. 
 Being the first black mayor in this city isn't enough. 
 After I get my concrete pour tomorrow, I'm gonna be the one pushing buttons and pulling the strings. 
 I took what I had to take, and I gave what I had to give. 
 That's what a f*cking man is, not someone who leaves his family with a stick in his hand and never comes back. 
 [belt smacks] 
 Ugh! 
 Ugh! Keith, listen to me. 
 Please let me talk to you. 
 The blueness of a wound cleanseth away evil. 
 So do stripes on the inward parts of the belly. 
 Hmm? 
 I'm not evil. 
 I made a mistake, but God favors me. 
 You know he does. 
 Aah. 
 [grunts] 
 False prophets and those who seek their guidance shall all be punished for their sins. 
 [belt smacks] 
 Ugh! 
 But if a spirit or an angel has spoken, let us not fight against God. 
 Shut up! You're not anointed! 
 Yes, I am! 
 Aah! 
 But I'm just not perfect. 
 I'm a man. 
 Just like Solomon, I can make mistakes, and just like Solomon, I can atone for them. 
 Keith, listen to me. 
 I love you. 
 I never meant to fail you. 
 You are my Benaiah. 
 No. 
 That's all I wanted. 
 Well, that's what it is, son. 
 I mean, think about it. 
 You got Shane to confess before he died. 
 You found out that the book had been missing. 
 You got us Julio and the Eastwood apartments. 
 You even knew I was a modern-day Solomon even before I did. 
 Ah, but Solomon wouldn't have told his Benaiah to kill an innocent man. 
 I carry that death on my soul. 
 No! You acted with a pure heart. 
 Josh's murder is on my soul. 
 It's the sin I have to bear for the rest of my days, not you. 
 Your hands are clean. Your calling is true. 
 Aah! And as for the scoundrel, his devices are evil! 
 He makes wicked plans to ruin the poor with his lying words! 
 Agh! Uh! Aah! 
 Let me prove it to you! I know where the book is! 
 God revealed it to me. 
 If I could... if I could bring you the book, would you believe me? 
 I would. 
 And would you help me finish this? 
 Help me save PJ. 
 I would. 
 But if you're wrong... I will kill you. 
 If I'm wrong, I want you to. 
 Jocelyn : My love runs by like a day in June, and it makes no friends of sorrows. 
 He'll tread his galloping rigadoon in the pathway of the morrows. 
 He'll live his days where sunbeams start, nor could storm or wind uproot him. 
 My own dear love, he is all my heart, and I wish somebody... 
 
 
 
 [knock on door] 
 Sorry to interrupt. 
 I thought we could spend some time going through everything that's going to happen with PJ on Friday. 
 I've done that part before. 
 I know how it goes. 
 Yes, of course. Sorry. 
 It's all right. 
 Oh. 
 They're still calling the reinforcements. 
 As she should have. 
 I hear you're back on a holy mission. 
 We got nothing to talk about. 
 Come on. I came all this way. 
 Can I at least have a drink? 
 For the road. 
 What's your poison? 
 What's in the fancy bottle? 
 Fancy scotch. 
 I'll take it. 
 Here's what I got to know. 
 All that work you did, all that pain you looked in the eye, you really want it to be for nothing? 
 No. 
 It meant something. It changed me. 
 Let me ask you a question. 
 What if these visions are real? 
 They are. 
 They're just not from God. 
 They're from the deep, fucked-up recesses of your mind. 
 You know what? If you're not gonna take this seriously, I got other sh1t to do. 
 Like get to the hospital? 
 You're a judge. 
 You're familiar with involuntary commitments. 
 You must know the standard, "A danger to yourself or others," so which one are you? 
 I never said anything that justifies a 5150. 
 It doesn't have to be you. 
 If you're justifiably concerned wife came to me, asking to sign off, I promise I will have your ass committed. 
 What is it exactly you think is wrong with me? 
 The technical term is delusional, brought on by a prolonged, acute stress reaction. 
 And that's your diagnosis, right? 
 That's what you think it is? 
 Well, based on your symptoms, and everything we've talked about, I'm pretty f*cking sure. 
 Pretty f*cking s... are you 100 f*cking percent or not? 
 99 isn't good enough for you? 
 No, I just find it a little curious. 
 Just throwing around "delusional" like it's some f*cking fact, but it's not. 
 I mean, that last one percent is just you filling in the blanks. 
 You're taking sh1t you think you know, and you're just making your best guess. 
 You know what they call that in church? 
 Faith. 
 Thanks for the scotch. 
 [groans softly] 
 Whew. 
 Hey, you're right on time. 
 Yeah. 
 I was hoping you could, uh, front me some money for a bus ticket. 
 You don't want to wait until the end of the school year? 
 I thought I could, but I can't. 
 This isn't something we can't talk about. 
 Get past. 
 I was thinking that too, but... every time we talk, it's only gonna end with me not understanding why you walked out on me. 
 I tried. 
 She called the police, said I had to get out. 
 And you just left me? You just... 
 Khalil, I was 16. 
 I didn't know any better. 
 Okay, you were 16. 
 And then you were 17 and 18 and 19. 
 You were 25. 
 At some point, you knew better. 
 I mean, sh1t, you had money, this life, all of it, and you still didn't come back for me. 
 This was gonna be my chance to make it up to you. 
 It's a $24 ticket. 
 I'll get it back to you. 
 [sobbing] 
 I'm sorry. 
 I'm sorry. 
 [sobbing] 
 [groans] 
 Crystal : Pernell? 
 Before you start, I just want to say I'm glad you called her. 
 You think I wanted to? That woman hates me. 
 But every time I let myself think, "Oh, it's not that bad," you prove me wrong. 
 How else am I gonna protect you? 
 I'm just not very good at being powerless. 
 I was hoping there's something I can do, but there isn't. 
 Dr. Langston doesn't think you should come to the concrete pour tomorrow. 
 I think she's right. 
 Fine, it's settled. I'll stay home. 
 And you'll let PJ go? 
 I guess I wasn't as ready to say good-bye as I thought I was. 
 But I'm done chasing ghosts. 
 Promise? 
 Cross my heart. 
 You got nothing to worry about. 
 So she really didn't have the abortion, but he thinks she did? 
 This big preacher, Bishop Bruce, got them on notice. 
 They slip up, they get cut out of the TV thing. 
 You must really like this Alicia girl. 
 I mean, I feel sorry for her. She's just a little girl. 
 She has friends. I mean, like, real friends. 
 I mean, maybe you can call it that. 
 What about us? 
 I thought we were friends, and then you wait until my husband's stalking people before you tell me anything. 
 This ain't dirt on the preacher, this is dirt on the girl, and I don't think she deserves to be hurt. 
 Pernell does? 
 Pernell is a grown-ass f*cking judge, and I figure he's more to blame for this than anyone. 
 And it's not like you gave me any details to make me think different. 
 You just said, "I need help." 
 If I was your friend, you would have told me everything. 
 Now I know how bad it is. 
 And I'm telling you something that might help you with the preacher. 
 [elevator bell dings] 
 I can't quite believe this is really happening. 
 You earned it. 
 Not just me. 
 Crystal : This has changed quite a bit. 
 Mrs. Harris, welcome back to Hand of God. 
 Can I help you? 
 Getting much use out of my piano? 
 It has been a wonderful addition to our worship services. 
 You should hear Paul play. 
 I'll pass. Thank you. 
 If you're looking for Pernell, he's not here. 
 The Pernell I love has been missing for quite a while. 
 Ever since he ran into you two. 
 Brother Harris found God's love. 
 Many people find their lives transformed by the experience. 
 It can take time for their relationships to adjust. 
 [laughs] 
 Exactly what I was thinking. 
 I came here to adjust your relationship with my husband, by which I mean end it. 
 [scoffs] 
 I know you don't think highly of us, Mrs. Harris, but we won't close the door of this church to anyone who feels called to come in. 
 [laughs softly] 
 I called Bishop Congdon earlier. 
 It's so cute the way he refers to himself in the third person, isn't it? Anyway... 
 I told him that a member of your flock is pregnant with your child. 
 [laughs] That's not true. 
 That is a bald-faced lie. Why? 
 Because you had her get an abortion? 
 You didn't actually go into the room with her, did you? 
 Bishop Bruce was very upset, and he made it very clear that you will not be included in his One in a Savior... Flock Block. 
 I did everything I was supposed to. 
 Except stay away from Pernell. 
 I built the stairway. It's done, it's happening. 
 I need to speak to the bishop. 
 Crystal : Paul, no. It's done. 
 The broadcast is not happening. 
 And that's not what this is about anymore. 
 Now, it's about whether you get to keep your church. 
 Because you can stop the bleeding... or I can make sure everybody in your congregation knows. 
 Paul. 
 You listening? 
 We're listening. 
 So you understand. 
 The only way you get to keep these doors open is you stay away from my husband. 
 We understand. 
 And for what it's worth, I think you did the right thing. 
 Because there is no guarantee that you ever get to have another one. 
 I only got to have one. 
 And I lose him tomorrow. 
 [Freddie James's Boogietime] 
 ♪ ♪ 
♪ Well it's boogie time ♪ 
♪ Boogie time ♪ 
♪ Boogie oogie oogie oogie boogie boogie time ♪ 
♪ It's boogie time ♪ 
♪ Boogie time ♪ 
♪ Boogie oogie oogie oogie boogie boogie time ♪ 
 [indistinct chatter] 
 Okay? [trails off] 
 I thought you were staying home. 
 How could I miss this? 
 Pernell. 
 A pleasant surprise. 
 Nathan. 
 Crystal said you weren't coming. 
 Well, obviously this is a big day for you, but in its own way, it's an even bigger day for my best friend Robert, so I'm here for him. 
 Of course. 
 I appreciate that kind of loyalty. 
 You wouldn't happen to know where the mayor is, would you? 
 You haven't spoken to Mayor Boston yet? 
 I'm sure he'll be here any minute, yes? 
 He's not answering his mobile, but he did leave the office, like, an hour ago, so I'm sure he's close. 
 Yeah, well, we're already running late, if nobody's talked to him, let's not count on it. 
 People of San Vicente have waited long enough. 
 [chuckles] 
 Maybe you should go home. 
 I'm fine. 
 You're staring at her. 
 I'm fine. 
 Don't worry about it. 
 Today, we literally lay the foundation for the future of Brooks Innovations. 
 I've heard the news reports, politicians talking about how much San Vicente needs Brooks Innovations. 
 Jobs, taxes, economic revitalization. 
 But the truth is, we need San Vicente. 
 Brooks Innovations' mission is to connect people to each other. 
 It doesn't mean high-speed Internet or an automated house or a car that drives itself. 
 It means understanding that no matter how much money we have, our individual lives and struggles can overpower us without each other's love and support... support from real people with hearts and souls, like the people of San Vicente, who remind us every day why we must restore our connections with each other. 
 And it starts today. 
 [cheers and applause] 
 [horn blares] 
 What are you doing? 
 Nothing. 
 You're making me nervous. 
 You know something? I think you're right. 
 I'm just not feeling up to this. 
 Bobo's not even here, and with what we got going tomorrow, I think I'm gonna head back to the house. 
 Yeah. I think that's a good idea. 
 And you know, I'll just stay long enough to make an appearance, and then I'll check out myself. 
 Love you. 
 You, too. 
 [cement pouring] 
 Papa Gene : You bring something to drink? 
 You know I did. 
 They already started, huh? 
 Bobo : Yeah. 
 There ain't no turning back now. 
 You know what that is? 
 That's my stick. 
 I'm gonna have my say. 
 Well, I voted for a reflecting pool, but the environmental community shut it right down. 
 You know, with the drought, you just can't mention water. 
 Can we switch task partners? 
 Nathan would like a moment. 
 Um, excuse me, everyone. 
 [indistinct chatter] 
 Quite a sight, isn't it? 
 Yes. 
 It's been a remarkable day. 
 I want to take a moment and thank you for all that you've done to make it possible. 
 Oh, thank you, Nathan. 
 Are you proud? 
 I am. 
 You should be. 
 You know, this would be the perfect time for someone with your ambition to move on in search of the next conquest. 
 Oh, don't worry. 
 My heart is with Brooks Innovations. 
 I would never consider leaving. 
 I think you should. 
 If anyone asks, I'll only sing your praises. 
 Nathan, I have no desire to leave. 
 I just found out Pernell Harris was in a psychiatric hospital recently and you knew. 
 Which means you hid it from me. 
 I didn't hide it from you. 
 I made a decision not to worry you about it. 
 It was temporary, and it didn't affect our plans. 
 Don't worry, Anne, you'll be just fine in whatever you choose do. 
 I don't want to be just fine, Nathan. 
 Please, just... 
 I need people I can count on. 
 You're questioning my loyalty after everything I've done for you and this company? 
 Everything that you wanted, everything that you needed, I gave to you. 
 It's simple, Anne. 
 I can't trust you anymore. 
 No trust, no relationship, no job. 
 You at least owe me an opportunity to fix this. 
 You can't end it on one mistake. 
 You make it sound like we need to stay together for the sake of the kids. 
 We don't. 
 [police siren wailing] 
 God damn it. 
 Things getting tight in the PD, Toby? 
 They got you doing traffic stops now? 
 Judge Harris, you remember Detective Warren. 
 What's this about? 
 We need you to come with us. 
 Answer some questions about Shane Caldwell. 
 Now's not good. 
 Get out of the car. 
 This is bullshit. 
 We can do this easy or in cuffs. 
 Toby, wait, God damn it. 
 You don't like me. You never did. 
 I know that. 
 But you got kids. 
 My son... 
 They're shutting the machine off on PJ in the morning. 
 I got to be there. 
 Please, it's only for a couple hours. 
 Soon as it's done, I come in. I swear. 
 [breathing heavily] 
 Anne, what's wrong? 
 The f*cking boys' club. He sacked me. 
 Nathan f*cking smug b*st*rd Brooks sacked me. 
 What? 
 Now I can't even go home for a proper pinch 'cause I've lost my f*cking keys. 
 You can't find your keys? 
 I know I put them in here. 
 I just don't know where the f*ck they've gone. 
 I can give you a ride home. 
 Come on. 
 [sighs] Do you want a drink? 
 Sure, thanks. 
 Yeah? Wine? 
 Great. 
 This is nice. 
 Anne : Thank you. 
 You lived here long? 
 Just a year. 
 To the girls' club. 
 Men. f*ck 'em. 
 All of them. 
 Do you mind if I just go wash up? 
 No. Take your time. 
 [sighs] 
 Pernell? 
 Pernell? 
 [sighs] 
 Crystal? 
 Where did you go? 
 You said you'd never met him. 
 Crystal... 
 I don't... I don't understand. 
 It was exactly what it looks like. 
 He loved me, and I loved him. 
 Since when? 
 I know this must be a lot for you. 
 Since f*cking when? 
 Since last year. 
 I was just supposed to talk him into selling his Bathwater program to Brooks. 
 I didn't expect it to be... something else. 
 One moment, he's explaining how his code is gonna change the world. 
 The next, he's kissing me... then more. 
 No, no. That's a lie. 
 That's not who he is. 
 He loved Jocelyn. 
 What we had was real. 
 It deserved time and care, but he wouldn't let me give it that. 
 He ended it, didn't he? 
 Because he couldn't keep doing that to her. 
 It wasn't because he loved her more. 
 It was because she'd got there first. 
 And then what? 
 He went back to his perfect life, and I went back to being me. 
 How'd you get this? 
 That was a parting gift that I gave to myself. 
 This was stolen the night Jocelyn was raped. 
 [elevator bell dings] 
 [elevator bell dings] 
 [celestial music] 
 She said she'd never met PJ. 
 [Rock of Ages played on piano] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 If you believe in us, believe in the work we're doing here at Hand of God, then call our toll-free number. 
 We'd love to hear from you right now. 
 We need your support. 
 See, Jesus loves us all so much, especially... when we spread His word. 
 ♪ Rock of ages cleft for me ♪ 
♪ Let me hide myself in thee ♪ 
♪ Let the water and the blood ♪ 
♪ From thy wounded side which flowed ♪ 
♪ Be of sin the double cure ♪ 
♪ Save from wrath and make me pure ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
 Crys? 
 Come on. 
 Let's get ready. 
 I'm trying. It's not working. 
 I killed... 
 Shh. 
 Don't you dare. 
 Don't you dare. 
 You just saved our son's life. 
 Is he here? 
 Yeah. 
 He's sitting right there on the bed. 
 And he's saying "Thank you." 
 Well, I put you at five weeks. 
 It's never too early to start prenatal vitamins. 
 I recommend Mega Mommy, but they all have what they all have. 
 You look like you take care of yourself, but I'm gonna say it anyway. 
 No smoking, keep alcohol to a minimum, and we'll see you here in a month. 
 Thank you. 
 I tell everyone, the first 12 weeks, anything can happen, so it's up to you, but... 
 Yeah. I'll keep it to myself for now. 
 [piano music continues] 
 [indistinct P.A. announcement] 
 Classless. 
 I'm just doing my job. 
 Harassing a man on the same day he's pulling the plug on his son? 
 Questioning a murder suspect. 
 Oh, stop beating that horse. It's dead. 
 No. Shane Caldwell's dead. 
 We found vomit on his corpse, ran a DNA test, got a match. 
 You want to guess who it comes back to? 
 [machine beeping] 
 [door closes] 
 I'll do this, okay? 
 [Velcro unfastening] 
 [machine beeping] 
 [beeping stops] 
 [gasps] 
 Oh, my God. 
 [exhales] 
 [inhales] 
 [breathing] 
 [machine beeping] 
 [gasps] 
 [breathing] 
 [beeping continues] 
 [breathing] 
 Hallelujah. 
 [monitor flatlines] 
 [Holly Marilyn Solem's I Wanna Be Your Heartbeat] 
 ♪ Hold on ♪ 
♪ Hold on tight ♪ 
♪ Hold on tight for your life ♪ 
♪ I know it's been a fast ride so go on ♪ 
♪ And hold on ♪ 
♪ Hold on ♪ 
♪ Nothing's really lost ♪ 
♪ And nothing is gone ♪ 
♪ 'Cause when you lose you lose you lose ♪ 
♪ You're getting something new ♪ 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 