Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x02 - Your Inside Voice - Hand of God 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x02 - Your Inside Voice https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=415&t=20312 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 09/06/15 10:00 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x02 - Your Inside Voice 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [man speaking indistinctly on radio] 
 Tucker, are you finished with breakfast? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Can you brush your teeth, please? 
 Okay. 
 Thank you. 
 How are you doing over there? 
 Where's Daddy? 
 Daddy's at work. 
 For two days? 
 I know. 
 There's so many bad guys out there, but I bet you that he will be back when you get home from school. 
 Show Daddy my drawing when he gets home. 
 Oh, I will. 
 [knock at door] 
 It looks so good. 
 What's this, again? 
 It's a key. 
 Morning. 
 A key. 
 Oh, I hear Uncle Julio. 
 Hi, Uncle Julio. 
 Heather : Put this picture in a special place. 
 Tucker, Uncle Julio's here. 
 Got your stuff? 
 Hey, buddy. 
 Say good morning to your uncle. 
 You guys ready to go? Hey. 
 Hi. Thank you so much for taking them. 
 You got it. 
 Yeah, call me if you hear anything. 
 Yeah. Yeah, I will. 
 Okay. 
 Yep, I will. 
 Hey, wait for me, guys. 
 [woman speaking indistinctly on radio] 
 Come on, come on, come on. 
 [phone line trilling] 
 [cell phone ringing] 
 I'm thinking it's his wife. 
 She keeps calling. 
 Pernell : His wife? 
 I told you he's married. 
 I know you told me. 
 God damn it. 
 [cell phone rings, chimes] 
 Did he have kids? 
 Two. 
 [sighs] 
 What did I do? 
 Having kids doesn't make Shane innocent. 
 He confessed to me. 
 He said it out loud, and he had to pay. 
 That was God's command. 
 Yeah, well, why didn't PJ wake up? 
 I kept my promise. 
 Why is my son still a lump in a hospital bed? 
 Hmm. 
 Have you heard the story of Saul and the Amalekites? 
 I'm not in the mood for Scripture right now, Keith. 
 I got to go. 
 God told Saul to kill all the Amalekites, so he did. 
 He wiped them out, except for one. 
 He decided... to let the king live, so God rejected Saul, banished him to die. 
 So I'm Saul in this story. You think I pissed God off? 
 I think maybe the job's not done. 
 You talking about... whoever put Shane up to it? 
 Maybe. Yeah. 
 Yeah, at least Saul knew who he was after. 
 All you kept saying is, "They made him do it." 
 Who the f*ck is "they"? 
 How the f*ck am I supposed to find out who "they" is? 
 How did you find Shane? 
 Get out of here. You need to go. 
 Uh, hey, you want Shane's phone? 
 No, get rid of it. 
 And I mean f*cking destroy it. 
 [engine turning over] 
 ♪♪ [Fantastic Negrito's An Honest Man] 
 [blues vocalization] 
 ♪ Now I'm in love again ♪ 
♪ No, this time it's not ♪ 
♪ With my hand ♪ 
♪ Wandering, murdering ♪ 
♪ Every time that I get ♪ 
♪ The chance ♪ 
♪ I'm a human ♪ 
♪ But remember first ♪ 
♪ I'm a man ♪ 
♪ These streets ♪ 
♪ Got me wandering ♪ 
♪ Looking for my fix again ♪ 
♪ I should've prayed ♪ 
♪ The night before ♪ 
♪ Now I'm losing ♪ 
♪ Everything I have ♪ 
♪ Yesterday it felt so good ♪ 
♪ But now today ♪ 
♪ It feels so bad ♪ 
♪♪ 
♪♪ [Anita Ward's Ring My Bell plays on TV] 
 ♪♪ 
 [knock at door] 
 Come in. 
 ♪♪ 
♪ I'm glad ♪ 
 Hey. 
 ♪ You're home ♪ 
♪ Now, did you really miss me? ♪ 
♪ I can't ♪ 
 I got to admit, I'm not too comfortable with this look you got going. 
 Put some pants on? 
 [chuckles] You don't have to stay, Josh. 
 ♪ While I put away the dishes ♪ 
♪ Then you ♪ 
 [music stops] 
 No. Come on. 
 Shrimp basil or veggie fun? 
 Hospital called. 
 Pernell got the 48-hour stay extended. 
 How long? 
 Indefinitely. 
 If I want PJ off life support, I got to go to court. 
 I can help you find a great lawyer. 
 There's no reason for you to put yourself in Pernell's crosshairs. 
 My best friend's on a ventilator, and we should be spreading his ashes over Big Sur. 
 And you're dancing disco half naked. 
 Those aren't good enough reasons? 
 [laughs] 
 [crying] 
 God. 
 Hey, tell me what you want to do. 
 I'll be right there with you. 
 I don't know. 
 I don't know. 
 I don't know. 
 I don't know. 
 [sighs] 
 [playing bright hymnal] 
 ♪♪ 
 This is the one. 
 I felt it as soon as I sat down. 
 You said you were looking in the $5,000 range. 
 This one goes for $28,000. 
 We have one over here I like to call our Chrysler 300. 
 Looks like a Bentley. Doesn't cost like a Bentley. 
 Probably doesn't drive like a Bentley either. 
 It's in your price range. 
 Ah... 
 Sir, I'm sure you can see what kind of work we do. 
 Am I right? 
 You know, there are some people who won't listen to a man speak, but when they hear music and open their mouths to sing, suddenly their hearts and souls are opened. 
 And they receive the Word, and their lives are saved. 
 This piano... would be the heartbeat of that work. 
 So I ask you right now, in the name of Jesus, to let God put a price in your heart. 
 ♪♪ 
 Now, tell me. 
 How much do you want us to pay for this piano? 
 I could do $25,000. 
 [laughs] 
 What about installments? 
 We'd need half up front. 
 Why not start saving for this and get a piano you could afford in the meantime? 
 We don't want "in the meantime." 
 Why don't we offer you a space in our weekly program? 
 It's typically a $500-per-week donation. 
 We could give it to you for free for the rest of this year and all of next. 
 That plus the $5,000 would more than cover your asking price. 
 How many members do you have? 
 We're growing every day. 
 I'm sure you are, but I don't think we can make this work. 
 Robert Schuller used to preach out of the back of a station wagon at an old drive-in. 
 He turned that into the Crystal Cathedral. 
 Didn't they go bankrupt? 
 [clears throat] 
 Enough. 
 [engine turning over] 
 Courtney. 
 Good morning, Mrs. Harris. 
 Hi, Crystal. 
 Welcome back, Mrs. Harris. 
 The eyes are a bit out of focus, but we'll fix it. 
 I don't think it's the eyes. 
 Look at the smile. It's like he's hiding something. 
 Keep going. I'll catch up. 
 As I was saying, get rid of the buck teeth. 
 Maybe draw some on the side. 
 Pernell : Your beard's getting kind of scraggly. 
 I used to have a longer beard than that in college. 
 Hippie beard. 
 [monitor beeping] 
 I think I know why you're not waking up. 
 You don't want to talk to me? 
 You know what I did for you, right? 
 You do know what I made happen? 
 I did that for you. 
 I would do anything for you, PJ, but you're gonna have to give me something to go on. 
 Who is "they," son? 
 ♪♪ [campy upbeat music] 
 ♪ Jerry's Exotic Fish Store ♪ 
♪ The best exotic fish store in the world ♪ 
♪ Fresh water, salty water, salty water, fresh ♪ 
♪ Any water, any fish, Jerry's the best ♪ 
♪ That fish store ♪ 
♪ Jerry's Exotic Fish Store ♪ 
♪ Best exotic fish store in the world ♪ 
♪ Bring your whole family, Jerry's always here for you ♪ 
♪ Matching fish with people is what he loves to do ♪ 
 Woman : Mr. Harris, we're gonna need the room for a bit. 
 Well, see what you can do about making that goddamn TV go off. 
 [woman speaking indistinctly over PA] 
 Bobo : Get the doctor on the phone. Feel kind of sick. 
 Stop wearing sneakers to the office. 
 I'm comfortable. 
 It's embarrassing. 
 Sorry to keep you waiting. 
 Did you start a new hobby? 
 [chuckles] Those are for stress relief. 
 Doctor says I'm supposed to smash stuff when I get worked up. 
 Asa took it upon himself to hijack some poor classroom's mission project. 
 Those kids feel special now. It's a win-win. 
 Does it work? 
 I'm not into busting up dollhouses. 
 That's some white-people sh1t. 
 Yeah, because you never hear of black people having strokes. 
 Well, I hope this doesn't add to the stress, but wanted you to hear it from us. 
 We've run into a bit of a snag. 
 We're going to have to postpone next week's pour. 
 [cell phone rings] 
 Hello? 
 It's Toby. He... 
 Yeah, not now. 
 He'll call you back. 
 We seem to be misunderstanding each other a lot recently. 
 [speaking Spanish] 
 "Prefiere." 
 English is fine. Thank you. 
 Weren't we speaking English last week when you promised me no more construction delays? 
 And this is not just a delay. 
 You're f*cking with my concrete pour. 
 You see why I'm confused. 
 Well, this is out of our hands. 
 There's a shortage of gravel. 
 [laughs] 
 You ran out of rocks. 
 Special rocks. Watsonville-McCoy number four. 
 We're building so close to a seismic fault, we have to go with prestressed concrete. 
 This gravel's just mandatory for the mix. 
 When until we get these magical earthquake rocks? 
 Two, three weeks at the most. 
 We'll keep you posted. 
 Oh, you'll keep me posted. 
 But if I call around and luck up on somebody who has these rocks, then we're still good for next week, right? 
 [speaking Spanish] 
 Yeah, Pernell is not getting suspended, and you need to stop hitting the brakes on this deal every time he gets a goddamn parking ticket, man. 
 It's time we make this relationship permanent. 
 We're not making anything permanent till we know Pernell's permanent. 
 Get the presiding judge on the phone. 
 You got his number? 
 Bobo : It's a she. 
 I did exactly what PJ said. He never woke up. 
 Not even a twitch. 
 Not yet, but that doesn't mean he'll never wake up. 
 I get that... God's time and all, but you said I was on a righteous path. 
 And I said you would be tested. 
 We never know how long a path is until we reach the end of it. 
 How do I know this sh1t's gonna work? 
 Well, you have to trust. 
 Like Simon did. 
 Exactly. 
 In Luke 5, Jesus pointed to the water and told Simon, "Drop your nets." 
 Simon said, "You're crazy, man. I already tried that spot. There's no fish there. I know 'cause this is what I do. I'm a fish expert." 
 And Jesus said, "You know what I'm an expert in? Listening to God." 
 And when Simon laid down those nets, he caught so many fish, the boat almost sank. 
 You know what? Good for Simon. 
 But I did what God said, and I got nothing. 
 And I did way more than throw in some nets. 
 Crystal : Pernell... 
 Oh. 
 Hello. 
 Don't mind me. 
 You're Aunt Val called. Dinner tomorrow night. 
 She insisted. 
 Maybe we should leave. 
 Just hang on a second. 
 Look, now, if God is testing my faith, He's not starting out with the easy stuff, so you're just telling me just do whatever God says, even if... just do what He says, and PJ'll wake up? 
 If it's in God's plan. 
 "If"? 
 Well, "if" just isn't enough. 
 If you follow God's instruction... 
 PJ will wake up. 
 I guarantee it. 
 It'd be better if we can talk in your office. 
 I think it'd be better if I was f*cking Beyoncé, but I'm not Jay Z. 
 And I'm not canceling my lunch for some sh1t you could've told me over the phone. 
 Shane Caldwell's missing. 
 It's the cop. 
 Sit down. 
 When you say missing, you mean, like... 
 1-800, "side of a f*cking milk carton" missing, like his wife is asking me why I brought him in for questioning. 
 Maybe had something to do with that. 
 Don't worry... I left out the part where you strong-armed me into interrogating him for a lunatic. 
 I told her it was unrelated. 
 No to "strong-arm." Yes to "unrelated." 
 I made Shane strip naked for Pernell 'cause he refused to believe he didn't rape Jocelyn. 
 How do I know he left it at that? 
 That was a grieving father in the heat of the moment. 
 What you need to do is stop looking for conspiracies and focus on finding Caldwell. 
 [indistinct chatter] 
 Save my place. 
 So have you spoken to the Lord? 
 You were right. 
 He wants us to find out who Shane was working for. 
 But he didn't say who? 
 I haven't figured that out yet, but the night Shane raped Jocelyn, he said he was on a vandalism case. 
 The police have a file complete with pictures of graffiti, everything. 
 So you think Shane had help? 
 I'm gonna start there. 
 KD. 
 Yeah? 
 Donation time. 
 Okay. 
 Thanks, man. 
 I got to go take my pee test. 
 We can't meet here anymore. 
 Somebody spots us, they're gonna ask a whole lot of questions I don't want to answer. 
 You got to move. 
 Oh, oh, uh... 
 I can't really move right now, but maybe... there's a phone booth not far... 
 I'm not gonna call you. That's even worse. 
 You want to be my Benaiah? 
 Yeah, you know I do. 
 Well, then you're gonna have to move. 
 They won't let me. 
 Rules say I can't move unless I have a job. 
 Well, what do you do? You just sit on your ass all day? 
 No, I'm not... I'm not lazy. 
 I'm not lazy, Judge Harris. 
 Men like me getting a job, that's easier said than done. 
 Oh, come on, man. Don't be singing that song to me. 
 I know there's programs for cons. 
 I put in every week. 
 Place like McDonald's will take you if you got a felony, but not if it's violent. 
 I got hired by a landscaper last week until the background check came in. 
 He fired me the next day. He said it wasn't me, but if the customers find out... 
 Keith, I'm not coming down here anymore. 
 You understand that? 
 Then let me come to you! 
 Please, please, don't... don't cut me loose. 
 You're my calling. 
 All right, all right, settle down. 
 I'm not cutting anybody loose. 
 You need a job? 
 [exhales sharply] 
 I may know somebody who's hiring. 
 Thank you, Judge Harris. 
 Hey, Keith. 
 I keep seeing his face when I go to sleep at night. 
 That ever happen to you? 
 No, sir. 
 Shane was guilty, and he found Jesus before he died. 
 I'm content with that. 
 Nick : Why do you want to take PJ off life support? 
 Why not wait another two months? Two weeks? 
 Because he can't be revived. 
 Jocelyn : I mean, I mean, um... 
 She deserves to move on. 
 Josh : So does PJ. 
 And how do you play into this, Mr. Miller? 
 You two related? 
 No, we're friends. 
 PJ's my... was my best friend. 
 I'm here to support. 
 But this is your decision, Jocelyn, hmm? 
 Listen, I can't imagine what you're going through, and I know you want to do the right thing, but cases like this destroy people. 
 That's the price. Nonnegotiable. 
 And you're talking about taking on the Harris family. 
 I'm sure you know better than me what that means. 
 Oh, you don't think she can win? 
 I don't think she's ready for what it would take to win. 
 You met her five minutes ago. You don't know how strong she is. 
 But I know you're doing all the talking. 
 It's not a good sign. In fact, why don't you step outside while I finish talking to my prospective client? 
 Seriously? 
 Or casually. 
 As long as you end up on the other side of that door. 
 It's okay. 
 Jocelyn, the people who win these cases walk into my office spitting fire, and I need that fire, because winning has just as much to do with perception as it does with the law. 
 I would have to trot you out front and center to the media, the judge, and Heaven forbid we go to trial, the jury too. 
 This is not a dig, certainly not a judgment, but you walked in my office wearing flip-flops. 
 You're not looking for a fight. 
 You want this to be over. There's no shame in that. 
 A lot of people would say it's the more enlightened path. 
 So, if there's any way you can get on with your life without going to court, that's what I would do. 
 Thank you for your time. 
 [whirring] 
 [shredder whirring] 
 So this is the vandalism report Shane filed? 
 Doesn't say who made the 911 call. 
 It was anonymous. 
 What about the owner of the building? 
 Report says she was out of town. 
 [sighs] 
 Wait a minute. 
 Who painted this graffiti? 
 I don't know. 
 We usually don't follow up on vandalism. 
 Police reports are usually for insurance claims. 
 Anything particular you're looking for? 
 I was hoping... 
 Are you okay? 
 Look, if you want me to do some groundwork on graffiti, I'd be more than happy to. 
 No, no, it's okay, Sergeant. Thanks very much. You did plenty. 
 Well, if you, uh... I'll be around if you need me. 
 Judge. 
 
 
 
 [device whirring loudly] 
 sh1t. 
 Hey. 
 [sighs] 
 I'll take care of this, Sister Alicia. 
 Oh. 
 Thank you. 
 It's gonna be real nice having you around, KD. 
 There's a table in the back room. 
 What's "100% Wood"? 
 What? 
 Your tattoo. 
 That's, um... from a long time ago. 
 Hmm, eh. 
 I got this when I was 16. 
 It's supposed to symbolize my free spirit. 
 Mm-hmm. It's pretty. 
 It's stupid. 
 [grunts] 
 What does yours mean? 
 Oh, it's stupid too. 
 Are you gonna tell me? 
 It's a White Power gang. 
 "Wood" stands for "peckerwood." 
 Oh. 
 That's not you anymore, is it? 
 [grunts softly] 
 That's all that matters. 
 [metal creaking, squeaking] 
 [monitor beeping] 
 Maybe we should go get a coffee or something. 
 No, I'm okay. You can go, though. 
 [metal creaking] 
 You know they can't leave any wrinkles in the sheets? 
 Not even one. 
 Wrinkles... 
 Wrinkles cause uneven pressure, and he can get skin ulcers. 
 Yeah, I think I will go get that coffee. 
 I'm pretty sure that I could move on... even if they don't let me bury him, but then they'd have to do this to him twice a day, every day... till Pernell says so. 
 Let's not let Aunt Val turn this into an all-nighter, okay? 
 "Did I ever tell you about the time... " 
 Yes, Aunt Val, you told us about the f*cking time. 
 [laughs] Believe me, if she pulls her, "Stay, have a brandy," the answer's f*cking no. 
 ♪♪ [soft pop music on radio] 
 I would've blown her off, but I think she's been hearing stuff, so it'll be good for her to see you're doing okay. 
 Well, I am okay. 
 I found Jesus. I'm not quitting my job. 
 Okay. 
 I'm not gonna walk away from everything we've built up and run screaming into the woods. 
 Okay. 
 That's the second part she needs to hear. 
 Then we can focus on your lunch with Colette. 
 I'm gonna join you... me and Bobo. 
 Why, you think I need reinforcements? 
 I think she needs to understand how important it is that this judicial review committee goes away. 
 Stop the car. 
 What? 
 Back up. Back up! 
 What? What's wrong? 
 [tires screech] 
 ♪ That fish store ♪ 
♪ Jerry's Exotic Fish Store ♪ 
 Pernell, what are you doing? 
 ♪ That fish store ♪ 
♪ Jerry's Exotic Fish Store ♪ 
♪ That fish store ♪ 
 You're really starting to scare me. 
 Last time I was in PJ's room, this song came on. 
 ♪ That fish store ♪ 
♪ Jerry's Exotic Fish Store ♪ 
 I haven't been able to get it out of my head. 
 I feel like it's PJ talking to me. 
 It's not PJ talking to you, Pernell. 
 It's your conscience. 
 Just tell me. 
 I will as soon as you get in the goddamn car. 
 Now... 
 Please. 
 We came here to buy PJ a fish for his birthday two years ago. 
 You were furious with him for turning down a job at Brooks. 
 You didn't want to buy him a birthday present, but I insisted. 
 Can we please get in the car now? 
 It was rare fish. 
 PJ wanted it for a long time. 
 You had to order it special, right? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Honey... please. 
 Why did I care if my son didn't want to take a job? 
 Why couldn't I just... let him be my son? 
 Hey. 
 What are you doing? 
 I bought a little desk for KD. 
 I thought he might like to have a space of his own, you know, somewhere he can put his things or take a break. 
 That's nice. He'll like that. 
 I've been meaning to talk to you. 
 I don't want you here alone when KD's working. 
 So, if you're gone the whole day, I just don't come in to work? 
 At least not for now, while we're getting a feel for him. 
 Paul, he's been coming here for six months. 
 I think we know him by now. 
 KD is a harmless, God-fearing man. 
 He's a convict and an addict. 
 You mean ex-convict, ex-addict? 
 KD's damaged goods. 
 You can feed a stray dog, but you don't take it home to your family. 
 So why'd you hire him if you feel that way? 
 Brother Pernell asked for a favor. 
 What was I supposed to say? 
 "Sorry. Why not see if they're hiring at the post office?" 
 People change by the grace of God. 
 You are living testimony of that. 
 You're showing your age right now. 
 Really? Well, tell me this. 
 If Oliver Stevens from Tampa walked in here, would you have hired him? 
 Don't you throw the past in my face, Alicia. 
 I'm asking you for something. I've got good reasons. 
 I've already seen him looking at you. 
 Paul... 
 You know that I would... 
 No, it's not that. 
 I'm sorry. That was more than it should've been. 
 I'm just frustrated. 
 Here you are, buying a new desk for the new handyman on the payroll... and we can't even afford a proper piano. 
 Tessie : I thought I had the wrong address when I first got here. 
 Well, if I asked you to meet me at the office, I just think... 
 I know. 
 Okay. 
 Well, I get public place, but why not a bookstore or a park? 
 Well, I was hoping you could help me pick out a fish for PJ. 
 Oh. 
 I don't know too much about fish. 
 I tend to stay away from things that need feeding. 
 PJ sent me a message. 
 That's why I'm here. 
 He's been talking to me, sending me all kinds of visions. 
 Does that sound crazy? 
 I don't know. 
 Part of me wonders if there's always messages or signs we're missing. 
 It's so easy to distract ourselves. 
 Every now and then, something happens. 
 Maybe you have a baby, or there's an earthquake, or somebody dies and... 
 PJ's not dead. 
 I'm just saying. Sometimes things happen that make you stop and really pay attention. 
 Maybe if I had paid more attention before, he... 
 Hey... thinking like that is not gonna help. 
 Look at me. 
 Just take what you can get. 
 April : So... tell me how you feel. 
 I'm fine. 
 Well, I don't have a blend for "fine." 
 I need some emotion to go on. 
 Um, pissed? Does that work? 
 sh1t. You don't want to say it out loud. 
 What? 
 Sad. 
 That's a luxury I can't afford right now. 
 Gatekeeper. 
 Makes the bad feelings pass and the good feelings last. 
 [inhales sharply] 
 Ooh, hoo-hoo, hoo-hoo. 
 [laughs] 
 Come on. 
 They had to know they were coming here to buy bunk beds. 
 They're optimistic. 
 The power of intention. 
 Like The Secret. 
 [laughs] 
 Yeah, intention's not gonna make that car bigger or the boxes smaller. 
 Intention's not gonna make that sadness go away either. 
 I come for the weed, not the advice. 
 Ooh, I hope you cleared out your afternoon. 
 Please. 
 Some of us don't have time to bake cookies and talk about how good they are. 
 Then you got a problem. 
 I forgot to tell you. 
 It's a one-hitter quitter, and you're on number three. 
 [both laugh] 
 Eh... 
 [laughs] 
 You set me up, you bitch. 
 You're welcome. 
 You need a break. 
 You know what? 
 It might run in my family... suicide. 
 My mother tried it when I was 11. 
 f*cked that right up too. 
 Went and got her stomach pumped. 
 I got up. 
 I made breakfast, got my sisters to school, washed their faces, put ribbons in their hair. 
 What am I doing now? 
 Making sure Pernell's where he supposed to be when he's supposed to be, even if it's only me that's propping him up. 
 Well, that all sounds very important... but your son shot himself, and that's real. 
 No matter how much you focus on propping Pernell up, sooner or later, the grief is going to have to be dealt with. 
 So when are you gonna find time to work that into your schedule? 
 [man and woman chattering indistinctly] 
 [cash register beeps, whirs] 
 Man : And here you are. Thank you, sir. 
 [doorbell chimes] 
 Man : Hey. 
 [tires screech, horns honk] 
 Hey! 
 You need something? 
 You know who painted this? 
 I know who painted all of these. 
 This one. 
 I need to know who painted this one. 
 All : ♪ One, two, three ♪ 
♪ Get on your feet ♪ 
♪ The time has come to feel the heat ♪ 
♪ The pressure's rising around you ♪ 
♪ Every day ♪ 
♪ Four, five, six, get on your knees ♪ 
♪ You've got to beg, you better plea... ♪ 
 This is graffiti from the police report. 
 This is from the building PJ... I mean, God sent me to. 
 The same artist. 
 He's working miracles through you. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 I need for you to get this guy. 
 Julio Farkas. That's where you can find him. 
 I can do that. 
 [indistinct chatter] 
 [sighs] 
 What did I miss? 
 [Bobo clears throat] 
 Collette was explaining why she can't call off the judicial conduct review. 
 It's a committee decision. 
 This is out of my hands. 
 So who heads the committee? 
 A violent felon signed a plea, and you still threw the case out without explanation? 
 There's no way that this doesn't at least go to review. 
 Who heads the committee? 
 I do. 
 That's right. 
 Because you're the presiding judge. 
 Who made you the presiding judge? 
 I was elected. 
 [chuckles] 
 You didn't win your position. 
 It was a gift from Pernell to you. 
 And I will always be grateful, but I will not break the rules. 
 Wow. 
 Um, can I get a bottle of Dos Maestros, 2011? 
 You got it. 
 We need some light in here. 
 So how's Greg doing? I hear the brewery's getting some buzz. 
 Yeah, seems to be catching on. 
 That's what Paul O'Neill over at San Vicente Bank and Trust was telling me. 
 I really admire people that strike out on their own. 
 Paul also mentioned something about, um... a cash-flow problem, that Greg was looking to extend a line of credit... again. 
 Boy, sure hope that works out. 
 There's nothing I can do until the hearing, but then I promise I'm gonna make sure... 
 There's not gonna be any public hearing. 
 You're gonna handle this in a closed-door session. 
 [scoffs] I do that, people are gonna know that I'm giving you preferential treatment. 
 I'll open myself up to an ethics review. 
 That could happen. 
 Probably won't, but it could. 
 And if it does, well, then you know you got me to protect you. 
 The question you should really be asking yourself is, if you don't side with us here, who's gonna protect you from me? 
 Okay, wait. 
 If you can get McCauley to pull his complaint, I can make it all go away and not end my career in the process. 
 Yes, we can get McCauley to back off. 
 Man : Wine's on the way. Ready to order? 
 I was thinking halibut, but I don't want to offend our little friend here. 
 Oh, don't worry about him. 
 He's coming with me. 
 Aren't you? Enjoy the wine. 
 I'm taking Pernell to court for PJ, and I want you to be my lawyer. 
 Alicia : It's beautiful. 
 Pernell : It's for PJ. 
 He loves fish. 
 That's a wonderful gesture. 
 And I think it's great what you did for KD too, helping him get a job. 
 Of course things are gonna be much tighter now that he's on the payroll. 
 $50,000 didn't loosen the noose enough to pay for a handyman? 
 Well, that money's gone a long way already. 
 You know we're putting in a new kitchen to feed the homeless thanks to you. 
 We just didn't budget for a new employee. 
 Are you asking me to write a check so that you can pay for KD? 
 No, Brother Pernell, that's not what I had in mind at all. 
 Have you ever heard Paul play the piano? 
 Tell 'em who you are. Tell 'em what you want. 
 Okay. 
 Hello. 
 My name is Jocelyn Harris. 
 My husband is Pernell Harris Jr., and I'm fighting for the... 
 It's okay. 
 Okay. 
 I'm fighting for his right to die with dignity. 
 Man on TV : Why are you so determined to have him taken off life support? 
 I would much rather spend this time mourning the loss of my soul mate, but if honoring his wishes means going to court... that's what I have to do. 
 Oh, f*ck me. 
 Thank you. That's all. 
 Everything okay? 
 Where the f*ck is my piano? 
 [scoffs] 
 [discordant notes playing] 
 [both moaning] 
 [playing When We All Get to Heaven] 
 [both moaning] 
 Alicia : ♪ Sing the wondrous love of Jesus ♪ 
♪ Sing His mercy and His grace ♪ 
♪ In the mansion ♪ 
♪ Bright and blessed ♪ 
♪ He'll prepare for us a place ♪ 
♪ When we all ♪ 
♪ Get to Heaven ♪ 
♪ What a day of rejoicing that will be ♪ 
 [both moaning] 
 Both : ♪ When we all see Jesus ♪ 
♪ We'll sing and shout the victory ♪ 
 [device clicks, beeps] 
 [device whirring] 
 Toby : It's been three days. The press is starting to sniff. 
 Fine, we'll make a "no stone unturned" statement. 
 We have any bones we can throw out there? 
 The last time anybody saw Shane, he was picking up his uniform from a dry cleaners. 
 [device beeps] 
 We have surveillance footage of the parking lot. 
 We got footage of a truck that's there at the same time, same place. 
 It belongs to our suspect, Keith Dennison. 
 He's got a very violent history. 
 We pulled Shane's phone records and got multiple pings off a tower near the halfway house where Dennison lives. 
 You arrest the guy? 
 Not enough PC yet. 
 But you know what's funny? 
 He was locked up on an assault with a deadly weapons charge last week. 
 Well, what the f*ck? Why was he out? 
 The judge let him go. 
 Want to guess who the judge was? 
 [dog barking in distance] 
 [knife clicks] 
 [grunts] 
 [sighs] 
 Hey, bud. 
 Looky what I got. 
 What are you gonna put it in? 
 Um... I'll think of something. 
 Crystal : You know, you never asked me. 
 Well, for God sakes, Crystal, it's just a fish. 
 No, I'm talking about PJ, keeping him on life support. 
 [monitor beeping] 
 Did I need to? 
 I don't think we see it the same. 
 I think PJ's gone, and I'd like to bury our son. 
 Well, you're wrong, Crystal. 
 Now, you got to trust me on this. 
 God kept PJ alive for a reason. 
 He's not alive, Pernell. 
 Says you. 
 And every doctor and expert that we've talked to. 
 You don't think I wish it was different? 
 At some point, you got to listen. 
 You didn't listen when the doctors told you you couldn't have children. 
 It's not the same. 
 Why not? 
 They were experts. Hell, I even told you to give up. 
 If you'd listened, we wouldn't have a son. 
 I kept going to doctors until I found one that could help me. 
 You are letting a charlatan preacher who just wants your money sell you a fantasy that is just going to break your heart. 
 No, I am believing in the God Almighty, who can do the impossible if you believe. 
 Now, you don't think it was a miracle that God brought us PJ? 
 No, I don't. 
 I think it was world-class doctors, hormone therapy, and thousands of dollars, and if I had been wrong, it would've just been a waste of time and money. 
 I wasn't hurting anyone. 
 Who am I hurting? 
 Enough. 
 [sighs] 
 Enough. 
 ♪♪ [Holly Marilyn Solem's By My Side] 
 ♪ I said one, two, three ♪ 
♪ Get on your feet ♪ 
♪ The time has come to feel the heat ♪ 
♪ The pressure's rising round you every day ♪ 
♪ Four, five, six, get on your knees ♪ 
♪ You got to beg, you better plea ♪ 
♪ Be sure you're here to take it all the way ♪ 
♪ You know I'll do whatever you say ♪ 
♪ So please don't take your love away ♪ 
♪ 'Cause I need you ♪ 
♪ By my side ♪ 
♪ You know I'll do whatever you say ♪ 
♪ As long as you don't turn away ♪ 
♪ 'Cause I need you, need you, need you ♪ 
♪ By my side ♪ 
♪ By my side ♪ 
♪ I'll do whatever you want me to ♪ 
♪ I'll do whatever it takes ♪ 
♪ By my side ♪ 
♪ I'll do whatever you want me to ♪ 
♪ I'll do whatever you say-ay-ay-ay ♪ 
♪ You know I'll do whatever you say ♪ 
♪ So please don't take your love away ♪ 
♪ 'Cause I need you ♪ 
♪ Need you ♪ 
♪ By my side ♪ 
♪ You know I'll do whatever you say ♪ 
♪ As long as you don't turn away ♪ 
♪ 'Cause I need you, need you, need you by my side ♪ 
♪ By my side ♪ 
♪ By my side ♪ 
♪ By my side ♪ 
♪ By my side ♪ 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 