Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x10 - Quid Pro Quo - Constantine 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x10 - Quid Pro Quo https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=75&t=16267 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/24/15 07:43 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x10 - Quid Pro Quo 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 deep voice :  Eripe animam, flere sanguine venire ad me, et ponam te in somnum. 
 Can't get pretty sleep without looking pretty, Tricia. 
 Now wait your turn and I'll make you pretty, too. 
 (whooshing) 
 I cast a duplicity spell around the perimeter of the property. 
 From now on, anyone searching for the mill house will find themselves on a path leading away from the mill house. 
 This place is safe now, Zed. 
 That's what I thought before, but they still found me. 
 And who are they? 
 (sighs) 
 Look, you kept your cards close about your past and I chose not to push, but I am pushing now. 
 They call themselves the Resurrection Crusade. 
 And what do they want with you? 
 They're fanatics. 
 Completely bent on their leader's vision of the future. 
 And-and he... The... The leader? 
 He believes I'm crucial to the vision. 
 So you found yourself in the crosshairs of a delusional cult. 
 In their minds, they're... They're much more. 
 And I need to disappear. 
 And this time I need to stay gone. 
 If you need to disappear... best place to do it is here. 
 All the protections you've used... they're not enough. 
 He'll never stop searching for me. 
 You're yet to flinch in the face of the underworld. Why are you so afraid of a man from this one? 
 Because he's my father. 
 Well, I don't care if he's the heavenly bloody father, luv, he ain't getting past me. 
 Why do you want to help me? Why do you believe me? 
 I survive on instinct. 
 Mine tells me that you're all right. 
 It doesn't hurt that you're easy on the eyes, as well. 
 Wish I could say the same. 
 Oh, thanks. 
 Hey, John. 
 The scry map... It's bleeding again. 
 Painting the Big Apple red. 
 (sighs) It's Chas's weekend with his daughter. 
 He's on his way to Brooklyn right now. 
 I'll book our flights. 
 ♪ Baby, take my hand ♪ 
 ♪ Don't fear the reaper ♪ 
 ♪ We'll be able to fly ♪ 
 ♪ Don't fear the reaper ♪ 
 ♪ Baby, I'm your man... ♪ 
 (indistinct conversations) 
 Hey, you wearing that blue teddy I like? 
 Renee : You like the way it looks on me? 
 (chuckles) No, Renee. 
 I like the way it looks on the floor. 
 Geraldine's waiting for you to tuck her in. 
 I'm next in line. When are you coming home? 
 Right now, baby. 
 Let's get out of here, luv. All right, that's lovely. 
 Hey, Chas. 
 Chas, Chas, I've got to go. 
 I've got a bird. So pick up the tab, yeah? 
 I picked up the last tab and the one before that. 
 Yeah, but I'll get the next, um... two. Three. 
 Go. Go. Listen, just give me a second. 
 One second. 
 Uh... 
 Are you sure you're all right to drive? 
 Yeah, I'm... I'm fine. 
 You're a liar. 
 (grunts) 
 (speaking Brittonic) 
 (grunts) 
 (chuckles) 
 Oh, good, thank you. Yeah. 
 Now you're okay. 
 Emcee : Ladies and gentlemen, Lillian Axe! 
 (crowd cheering) 
 (rock music playing) 
 (low whoop) 
 (shrieking) 
 Man : The pyrotechnics are causing a fire! 
 Woman : Fire! 
 Fire! 
 Come on, back up! 
 Fire! Clear out! 
 (screaming) 
 Man : There's too many bodies blocking the door! 
 (crowd clamoring) 
 (coughing) 
 (screaming) 
 (grunts) 
 (coughing) Look out. 
 (muffled, distorted screaming) 
 (heart beating) 
 ♪ Don't fear the reaper... ♪ 
 It's already hit the local news. Look. 
 About a dozen people in Brooklyn have fallen into unexplained comas. 
 As the rising darkness grows, so will its targets. 
 Brooklyn will be just the beginning. 
 I thought you were packing light, only the essentials. 
 Which is what it is. 
 This belonged to Aleister Crowley. 
 When I haven't a clue where to begin on a case, helps me know where to start. 
 (gasps) Whoa. 
 What is this? 
 My... my hand's numb. 
 Chas's favorite trick... sinew from Achilles' heel. 
 Impervious to magic. 
 Highest tinsel strength on this world or any other. 
 I thought Achilles' heel was weak. 
 Well, now you know why. Let's go. 
 (door opens) 
 (door closes) 
 She stayed up as long as she could. 
 Well, I... I bought this for her. I'm gonna go see if she's awake. 
 I carried her up an hour ago. 
 You could've at least let me tuck her in. 
 You complain that you never get to see your daughter, but then you're late every weekend you have custody, Francis. 
 I've nicely asked you not to call me that, Renee. 
 Why are you late? 
 Sweetie, you awake? 
 Renee! 
 Renee! 
 Geraldine, baby. 
 (woman speaking indistinctly over P.A.) 
 Still no answer. 
 What did Chas say in his message? 
 Everything he had to. 
 That he needs us here. 
 Came as fast we could, mate. 
 So, what's the story? 
 You're the only one I'd trust with her, John. 
 Well, whatever this is, mate, we're in it with you, all right? 
 So... you want to tell us what happened? 
 I found her on the floor bleeding. We raced here, I saw six other patients with the same symptoms. 
 They're calling it a coma, but this isn't like any coma I've ever seen. 
 She's my daughter, I should... should've been here for her. 
 There's no way you could've known she was in trouble, Chas. 
 Her lips are chapped. 
 Celestial burn marks. 
 Left behind when a soul departs. 
 This is just Geraldine's body? 
 Alive and breathing, which is the good news. 
 And the bad? 
 Well... if her soul is being used for a dark purpose, then she doesn't have long... a day or two at most. 
 How can you separate a soul from a body? 
 You don't. 
 It's the, uh, Holy Grail of black magic. 
 Many immortal have tried and failed. 
 Promise me you'll do whatever it takes to get her back, John. 
 You promise me that you'll do everything I tell you. 
 Thank you. 
 All right, big man. 
 I have an old friend who used to be a medium. 
 He can contact Geraldine. 
 Hopefully she can tell us where she is. 
 I just need, uh, one of her personal belongings. 
 It's okay, sweetheart. 
 She's in good hands. 
 Yeah. 
 (door opens) 
 What's he doing here? 
 John's here for support. 
 Constantine : Hello, Renee. 
 I'm Zed. 
 Piece of advice? 
 Whichever way he goes out that door, you go the other. 
 We'll be right outside. 
 Tell me the truth. 
 Why is he here? 
 'Cause he'll do whatever it takes to save Geraldine. 
 What, like he saved that girl in Newcastle? 
 I don't know why you follow him around so blindly, but keep him away from our daughter. 
 Daddy. 
 Chas? 
 Oh, my God, Chas, you're... 
 I thought I was never gonna see you again. 
 But I've been right here, Daddy. 
 (laughs) 
 (sniffles) 
 God, they told us that you were dead when they pulled you out of that fire. 
 I was helping a girl escape. 
 I should be dead. 
 Oh, you're alive now. 
 That's all that matters. 
 (sniffles) 
 This is the medium's place? 
 You got friends in low places, John. 
 Come on. 
 Cattle prod? 
 What? I've always wanted one. 
 Really? 
 What kind of medium works at an Army surplus store? 
 A paranoid one. 
 (clears throat) 
 Constantine : Hello, Fennel. 
 (gun cocks) 
 Told you. 
 Get your ass out of my store. 
 I thought you were friends. 
 Apparently, one of us has forgotten. 
 (chuckles) 
 A girl's soul has been stolen. 
 We need you to help us contact her. 
 You walked in here with a liar and a thief. 
 You can ask all you want, I'll never help John Constantine. 
 (groans) 
 We're not asking. 
 Take it this is where the good stuff's kept. 
 You do this right, I'll be in your debt, and that's no small fee. 
 I can get you some clean water. 
 It's from the River Jordan. 
 Acts like a lubricant for communication. 
 I give you the signal, you give me the doll. 
 It's your show, mate. 
 (speaking Latin) 
 She's with us now. 
 Don't break the connection. 
 Geraldine, I'm gonna get you back. 
 You just hold on, baby. 
 Fennel and Geraldine's voice : Daddy, what's happening? 
 It's your Uncle John, luv. 
 Is there anyone with you? 
 No, I'm alone. I'm scared. 
 It's all right, sweetheart. Now, I need you to look around. 
 Tell me what you see. 
 I see... I see... 
 deep voice : Who dares speak to one of my stolen souls? 
 Where'd she go?! What's happening?! 
 Someone's taken control of Fennel, and it certainly isn't Geraldine. 
 Oh, is that you, John Constantine? 
 It's been a long time. 
 Identify yourself. 
 Face me like a real man, not with your hand up another's ass like a bloody puppet. 
 It's more than you can do. 
 I'm sorry I don't have time to waste on your likes. 
 Tell me who you are. 
 You've been warned, Constantine. 
 Et stabit de domino vestro, aliquis. 
 Et stabit de domino vestro. 
 Audite vocem meam. Our séance was hijacked by another mage. He used a powerful spell, turned Fennel into a bloody crisp. He said your name. He knew you. Yes, admittedly, not a good thing, but he did say it had been a long time. And all we've done is waste ours. You made me a promise. It's a promise that I aim to keep, Chas. We're one step closer to finding the man that's holding your daughter hostage. Only five books contain this spell, each scattered across the globe by an Irish High King. Now, if we can find the location of the nearest book... We find Geraldine. Exactly. Let me hold the spell. Constantine :   Where are you? Dusty rail yard or... laboratory. Um, I'm not sure. (echoing): I see cauldrons and books and a train car. Look for a sign, a placard, anything that can give you a name. "Haskins Railroad Yard." Do you see Geraldine? No. It looks like I'm all alone. (gasping) Here. Let me look at that. (whimpering) Someone out there has more power than I care to chance upon. Tell me what happened. Zed : There was a swirling vapor that drifted past me. When I turned around, there was a man in a cloak, and he lunged at me with a knife. Cauldrons and books, cloaks and daggers. Could be some sort of alchemist or a mage gone mad. What did he look like? Describe him to me. Easy, Chas. Just let her breathe. Don't tell me easy. I want to know what the man who has my daughter looks like. Let's go and see for ourselves, shall we? Haskins Railroad Yard, you say? Yeah. All right, then. Let's check it out. According to the phone book, this is the address. Zed : I called the Transit Authority. They said Haskins Railroad Yard was shut down years ago. More dead ends, more wasted time. I've heard it said that nine-tenths of reality is perception, and in my trade, it's eleven-tenths. Ah, you see? If a mage can't completely change your idea of what's real, well, then... the trick don't work. Where'd it go? Five elements of the earth, I respect and invoke thee. From the six directions, converge here. Lift all concealments, reveal thy truth. (laughs) It was invisible. By way of a cloaking spell, and an elementary one at that. But whatever taking up residence here certainly harbors a dark side. They haven't met mine. deep voice : I had a feeling you'd come. I think I even hoped you would. What have you done with the girl's soul? You'll have to be more specific. My hearing isn't what it used to be. (sighs) (chuckles) Zed, meet Felix Faust, lifetime apprentice and second fiddle to the greatest black magicians of his generation. Faust : Second fiddle indeed, Constantine. The mages played the melody, but I wrote the concerto. They built their legends on my shoulders. Spin your tune someplace else, Felix, and point me to your master. This is my doing, no one else's. I spent a lifetime serving others. Now I serve only myself. He's telling the truth, John. Constantine : He's a geriatric spell caster, chasing a prime that never was. Faust : I alone discovered how to separate soul from body, and those souls have given me more power than any magician of the modern age. One of those souls belongs to my daughter. I'm taking it back! No! (screaming) That's enough, Faust! I said, that's enough! (screaming stops) You tell me... what do you want? I want you to serve me. A malignant demon named Karabasan is preying on my victims, siphoning powers that belong to me. I see no reason to endanger myself when I have you at my beckoning. Cast the parasite to hell, and I'll free the girl. Is he lying, John? Constantine : One talented and honorable mage would never lie to another. Both : In the name of Dedi of Djed-Sneferu. He who endures. Where is the demonic bottom-feeder dwelling? In an abandoned warehouse in Red Hook. And for the sake of his daughter, I suggest you find him... before he finds you. Why are we leaving? If a magician dies, his spells are broken. Let's kill him. You felt what he can do with those souls in his pocket. We play his game until we can find an advantage. Since when do you run from Felix Faust? The last time we saw him, you were taking his gin money in a Hell's Kitchen poker game. Now he's bloody stronger than me. That's the problem with the rising darkness. Even a relic like Faust can become lethal overnight. We'll keep doing all we can, Chas. What we're doing isn't enough. She doesn't have much time. You promised me, John. And you promised me you'd do exactly as I said. You know, when you attacked Faust, you're lucky that he didn't snuff out Geraldine's soul in spite. That old man finally has the power that he's always yearned for. He's vicious and impulsive, and the only way to kill him is to get inside his defenses. And until we do that, we bide our time and we do as he says. Now, go to the hospital. Be with Renee. You can't ask Chas to leave now. Oh, can't I? We already left behind one dead body, didn't deserve what he got. (car door closes) We need clear heads. You go or I go. (engine starts) 
 
 I know that man better than I know myself. He's a bloody powder keg. We don't want to be anywhere near him when he blows. Karabasan's a nasty bugger. Preys on sleeping victims, paralyzing their bodies as it dines on their innards and sucks their life away. Felix's coma victims are a meal ready to eat. Won't banishing Karabasan only make Faust stronger? For the short term, yes, but it keeps Geraldine alive, gives us a chance to figure out a plan. We need the scourge held in the circle long enough so I can order it to hell. When Karabasan enters, we'll retreat behind this circle line. When he steps inside... the only place he's going is down. (snarling) (panting) (Karabasan growling) (snarling) (snarling) We can't play hide-and-seek with it in here. It's a bloody labyrinth. Then we'll make it come to us. (monitor beeping steadily) (door opens) (door closes) (indistinct chatter) I saw that. Bloody tragedy. Horseshoes up our asses, you and I. How lucky were we to leave when we did? I didn't leave. I was there when that building burned down. Says there that 47 victims were pulled from the rubble. And I'm telling you there were 48. I had burns, injuries, broken bones. All healed. Overnight. Something isn't right, John. (chuckles) It bloody worked. What bloody worked? The protection spell I cast on you at the bar. You were drunk and mumbling. That wasn't magic. That was... pathetic. No, you don't understand. That spell is a myth. A legend. Merlin created it and cast it at the behest of King Arthur. If any Knight of the Round Table under that spell was killed in the company of lesser knights, he would absorb all the lives of those around him. So what are you saying? That the spell not only saved your life, but you gained all the lives of those lost in the fire as well. You're saying I can't die? No, on the contrary, you most certainly can die. 47 times, to be precise. You're sure you want to do this? Yeah. We either fight him on his ground or ours. Besides, I'm not the only one who's risking my life here. Chas has risked much more for me. Failing my best friend, that would ruin me. But failing you, that ruins us both. Then don't screw up. The spell will put you to sleep straightaway. Karabasan will feel it. When he enters the circle, I'll break the spell, you roll out of the trap, and I'll light it. You better. Molles somnos, somno iam. (Karabasan snarling) (growling) (snarling) Come on. Come on. Nunc igitur consurge consurg. (screaming) (electricity crackling) (grunts) (panting) Sweet dreams, you ugly b*st*rd. (urgent chatter) Clear the way. Coming through, people. Coming through. It's getting worse, John. Tell me something I don't know. It's done, Chas. We're heading back to Faust. We could use you as backup. Let's do it. Wait, Faust? That's the man that has my daughter's soul, isn't it? I'm coming with you. Not a good idea. Listen to him, Renee. Please. I have listened to him. For years. Tall tales of John Constantine. I listened to him until it tore us apart. I'm coming with you. Deal with this, will you, Chas? This is my family. Mine. I'll be outside. You're right. It is. But you know what? You-you got to be here for when your daughter wakes up. Okay? I'll stay here with you. Please. Bring her back. She's all I have. Constantine : I put your sleep demon to bed. A deal is a deal. Let's have the girl's soul, Faust. Yes, I felt the power return. But our deal was to banish the beast to hell... you destroyed it by energy dispersion. The deal was that demon for my daughter's soul. I'm changing the terms of our agreement. John... No. All those people wasting away by your hand as life passes them by. That is not the legacy you want, Felix. And what would you know of legacy? A boastful, smutty, infantile boy. You create magic by accident and insolence, while the truly devoted sweat and toil with no reward. You'll never know my magic, Constantine. You will know my pain. What's the new price, Faust? We already paid his price. And you'll pay it again or say good-bye to your daughter forever. We are here. The man who has my daughter is here. We act now. And what would you have me do? A trick. A con. Cast a spell. Pull something out of your ass like you always do. Open your eyes, will you? Faust is still holding all the cards here. We can't do this forever. My daughter does not have forever. And she doesn't have many chances left, but her best one still lies with me. You've had your chance. And with my daughter's life at stake, you failed. I've watched other people suffer the consequences of your action, but this is my family. So I'm gonna do things my way, not yours. Yeah? And how would you plan to do that? My family's suffered enough because of you. Happy birthday, sweetie. I got you your favorite, mint chocolate chip. I'm sorry I was late. You weren't late. You missed it. I... I know this sounds crazy, but I had to help John to slay the Monkey King. It tried to eviscerate an entire family. I saved the kids' lives, but I had to sacrifice one of my own. Caring for another family, it's... admirable, Chas. But what about ours? This is consuming your life, and it is poisoning ours. 47 lives cut short and the balance left on mine. It is my duty to make them count. The only duty that you have is to us. I deserve a husband. Your daughter deserves a father. You need to start caring about your own family. While you still have one. Looking for better company? I know what it is to toil beneath lesser men. Have you come to curry favor with a better one? I can give you 32 souls in exchange for my daughter's. Intriguing. However, you're mortal like me, with only one soul to offer. Her name is Geraldine, and I'm telling you, on her life, I'm carrying 32 souls inside this chassis. The only thing I see... is a desperate, pathetic man lying to save his daughter. Now I'm going to take your soul. Not so fast. There's one thing I lied about: after this, I'll only have 31 souls left to offer. (groaning) (gasps) The number of coma cases is still spreading in Brooklyn, prompting Mayor Bill de Blasio to declare New York a public health emergency. More details coming up in our next report at 11:00. (TV clicks off) Her doctor said her body's shutting down. I was home when it happened. I didn't protect her. There's nothing you could've done. I know everything isn't roses between you and Chas, but if he were here, he'd say the same. Of course. Chas is considerate to a fault. Things aren't roses between Chas and me, but we always had her. She knows you're here with her. I'm a... a born psychic. I can feel part of her here with us. Wait, can you communicate with her? If I could just talk to Geraldine, if I could just let her know that I'm here. She must be so scared. I'll give it a shot. Okay. Okay. Okay. Geraldine's voice  (echoing): Mommy? Is that you? Geraldine. Geraldine. Geraldine, I'm right here, baby. Ow! Zed. (screaming) Zed! Zed, snap out... snap out of it. We need a doctor in here! (screaming) Zed! Make way, make way. It's okay. Easy, now, easy. Can you hear me? We're here to help. Tell me what's going on. Get Dr. Shin in here, stat. (gasping) (groaning) (grunts) A man of your word, indeed. I wish that were true. (groans) (grunts) If you willingly commit 31 souls to me, including your own, I agree to free your daughter's soul and return it forthwith to her body, where it shall remain safely until her natural death. Done. The blood oath is for mages. I'll settle for a handshake. Constantine  (panting): Chas! Don't do it. If you surrender those souls and yours, you will die. No! I'm changing the terms of our agreement. What have you done? Chas : We both die today and only one of us is coming back. Clear out, John! Happy to do it your way, mate. Chas! Renee? What are you doing? Saving our daughter. Run! Get down! (Renee grunts) (coughing) Oh, my... Oh, my God. Oh, my God! Oh, my God! You're all right, luv. You're all right. No, I'm not all right! It's not okay! Did you see what just happened to him? Many times, luv. Many times. This is what your husband does. This is who he does. Because of you! It's because of you! (crying) Sorry you had to see that. Chas's line of work is messy. So is yours. (chuckles) Is it painful for Chas? Excruciating. Uh, so how long does this take? For him to... To return? Well, it depends on how violent the death. There's always a cost. You're learning. Now, look, for what it's worth, I never meant to get between you and Chas. If I could go back and change it all, I would. But it's not in the cards, and because of it, he's alive. So are a lot of other people. Including your daughter. She'll be waking up soon. You should go be with her. Chas : Renee says I've broken her trust. She's gonna leave me, John. I won't let Geraldine grow up without a father. You have to reverse this spell. (groans) Fix this. I'm really sorry, mate, but I can't. I've been trying for days. I can't live like this. Yes, you can. You can shoulder this burden, let it consume you from within. Or you can wield it as you have. A weapon against evil by my side. Whichever way you choose, mate, I'm with you every step of the way. (laughs) Oh, my God! You're alive. You knew I would be. Yeah, but seeing and knowing are two different things. (chuckles softly) She's upstairs. Waiting for you. Thank you. Daddy. Hi, sweetheart. Mommy said you would be here in the morning, but I didn't believe her. I'm not always here for my weekends with you. But I always try, baby. Is that for me? Mm-hmm. I love it. Thank you. Now we match. I got something for you, too. Are you going to tell me a story? I'm gonna tell you a few. I want to introduce you to some friends of mine. I carry them with me every day. Who's that? That is Susan Smith. She was a nurse. And a mother. She had two little girls just your age. (woman speaking indistinctly over P.A.) What happened to me? You blew a fuse, luv. You know, it's not safe to bare your soul to the spirit world. It takes years of training. So why the bloody hell did you do it, you silly sod? A little girl was... at the mercy of a mad man. You're opening up. That's great. Just, uh, don't open so soon, yeah? Whatever you say, John. One more thing. About your mother. What about my mother? She said her death wasn't your fault. You saw my mother. Zed? 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 