Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x01 - The Clampetts Strike Oil - The Beverly Hillbillies 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x01 - The Clampetts Strike Oil https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=1023&t=42515 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/14/21 17:00 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x01 - The Clampetts Strike Oil 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 (Narrator) this 1s beverly hills. 
 Here dwell the rich,  The famous,  The glamorous,  Movie stars,  Royalty in exile,  Retired millionaires,  Sportsmen,  Playboys,  Hillbillies. 
 Hillbillies? 
 Who are these people? 
 Where are they from? 
 And why did they come to beverly hills? 
 We'll discover the answers in a moment  As we bring you  "The hillbillies."  Well, come on,  Let's find that house we bought. 
 House they bought? 
 In beverly hills? 
 Whoa, wait a minute,  Hold itt. 
 How coulda bunch of hillbillies  Possibly buy a mansion like this? 
 Let's take them back  To their home in the ozarks  And see how this whole thing started. 
 Jed, you gotta do something  About the youngin of yourn. 
 How'd that happen? 
 Fighting with a bobcat. 
 Get hurt? 
 I reckon so. 
 It went limpin' off on three legs. 
 I swear I don't know  What I'm gonna do about that girl. 
 Well, the first thing to do  Is to get her into a dress. 
 She's getting too big  To be wearin' men's duds. 
 Lookie here,  She's done pop the buttons  Off of her shirt again. 
 Elly may carries herself proud  With her shoulders throwd back. 
 It ain't her shoulders  That's poppin' these buttons. 
 She's a fully grown up,  Rounded out female woman. 
 Time she started acting like one. 
 Well, one of these days  Some boy will come along  And start courting her and... 
 They came courting  When she was 12. 
 What did she do? 
 She whooped the tar out of 'em. 
 Well, it ain't fit. 
 Girl runnin' around  As wild as a cougar,  Wrestling, fightin’,  And huntin'. 
 She ought to be doing woman's work,  Helping me with the still. 
 Well, I'll speak to her. 
 Oh, that reminds me,  Better go down  And stomp out the fire  Under that mash. 
 Now, hold on now, granny. 
 You ain't gonna stomp out  No fire like that, are you? 
 Huh? 
 Oh, of course not. 
 Don't wanna burn my shoes. 
 Pa? 
 (Knocking on door)  Granny? 
 Somebody open the door. 
 Howdy, pa. 
 What you got there? 
 A stranger. 
 Where'd you get him? 
 I beaned him with a rock. 
 What for? 
 He was snoopin' around down by the slough. 
 Figured he might be a revenuver. 
 He ain't no revenuer. 
 Then can I keep him? 
 Of course not. 
 Well, I caught him. 
 That don't matter. 
 Well he won't be no trouble. 
 I could keep him out in the smokehouse. 
 Elly may,  You can't keep people  Like they were dogs and cats. 
 Ooh,  Ooh, ee, ow, oow. 
 Who's that? 
 Some feller elly found nosin' around. 
 I beaned him with a rock  So he'd be easier to tote. 
 Why, that there fella's  From the petroleum company. 
 What's a petroleum? 
 I don't know. 
 He asked me if he could do some  Wild-cattin' down by the slough. 
 I said, help yourself,  We're glad to get rid of the critters. 
 What'd he say? 
 He just laughed. 
 The laugh's on him,  There ain't no wildcats  Down there at that slough. 
 Heck, no. 
 It's too full of oil. 
 Oh, what happened? 
 Where am i? 
 This here is the clampett place. 
 I'm jed clampett,  My youngin elly may,  And granny. 
 Granny says you've been doing some wild-cattin'. 
 Look, there's no need to. 
 Mr. Clampett,  That swamp of yours is full of oil. 
 I could've told you that. 
 Well, my company would like to pump it out. 
 Yeah, I'd like that, too,  But I just can't afford to have it done. 
 Oh, no, you don't understand. 
 You see, you wouldn't have to pay for it. 
 Oh, I don't take favors from strangers. 
 No, no, no, mr. Clampett. 
 You see, uh,  You're a very rich man. 
 How big a rock  Did you bean him with? 
 No bigger than a hedge apple. 
 Listen, I've gotta call my office in tulsa. 
 Have you got a telephone? 
 A what? 
 A telephone. 
 Well, maybe one of your neighbors has one. 
 It's a, a... 
 Well, down in this country,  It's probably a box  Attached to the wall. 
 And, uh, you talk into it  And they can hear you in tulsa. 
 Maybe you better sit down for a spell. 
 No, I haven't time. 
 Listen, where's the nearest airfield? 
 Airfield? 
 You know, granny,  That's one of them air fields  Sits up in the air. 
 Oh, never mind,  I'll find it myself. 
 Listen, now don't you sell that swamp  'Til you hear from me. 
 I'm flying to tulsa. 
 Now he thinks he's got wings. 
 (Rooster crowing)  Morning, granny. 
 Watch them buttons, child. 
 Granny! 
 Them pigs of yours  Got into the corn. 
 Did they drink much? 
 I reckon they did. 
 This here little fellow  Was kicking blue blazes outta the mule. 
 That's the trouble with razorbacks. 
 They such a mean drunk. 
 (Pig squeal)  This wouldn't happen  If you'd stay in the house  Where you belong. 
 There it is, mr. Brewster. 
 From the tests and surveys,  I say that's gonna be one of the richest pools  Since east texas. 
 News like this is bound to get out. 
 Let's go down and get clampett's name on a deal. 
 Where's the gun? 
 Where is it? 
 What's the matter? 
 You oughta see  What just flew over blueberry ridge. 
 What? 
 The dag-blamedest, biggest bird  You ever laid eyes on. 
 Probably just an overgrown chicken hawk. 
 Chicken hawk, nothin". 
 That thing could make off with a hog. 
 Hurry up,  Put that gun together. 
 No room to land near the cabin, mr. Brewster. 
 It's too rocky and hilly. 
 Then let's get the sling ready to be lowered. 
 Well, mr. Brewster,  That might be dangerous. 
 Hang the danger. 
 We're gonna be the first oil company down there  If it kills you. 
 Yes, sir. 
 Me? 
 Don't worry. 
 If it's safe, I'll follow you. 
 Granny, I see it. 
 There it is. 
 Land of mercy, look at that. 
 What you doing, granny? 
 That thing's only got one claw,  But danged if it ain't grabbed up a man. 
 Hurry, pa. 
 It's my stranger. 
 Where is it? 
 Just flew over the house,  Pll get it on the other side. 
 (Gunshots)  Did you kill it, granny? 
 No, but I made it drop that stranger. 
 Jethro, stop this thing! 
 Granny! 
 Granny! 
 Yes, jed? 
 Granny, grab a hold of somethin'  And hang on. 
 Cousin pearl and that overgrown son of hers  Is headed right for the cabin in that old truck. 
 Heaven protect us. 
 Oh, oh, jethro! 
 Did they hit us, jed? 
 No, but I think  They sure whopped the chicken house. 
 Oh, jed, I'm sure sorry  About the chicken house. 
 But nobody got hurt. 
 Jethro, I told you  To get rid of them worn out brakes. 
 I did, ma. 
 That's how come we ain't got none. 
 Get on out and lift the chicken house  Back on its foundation. 
 Jed. 
 Yeah? 
 Jed, elly may came running over to my place  And she said you sold the swamp  To some oil company. 
 Well, yeah, I guess I did. 
 What did they pay you for it? 
 Well, they ain't paid me nothing yet. 
 That brewster fellow said he'd bring the money later. 
 Well, how much they gonna pay you? 
 Well, he said it depends on how much oil  They could pump out of it. 
 Well, he must have mentioned some figure. 
 What was it? 
 Well, now, pearl,  You know that old swamp wasn't worth shucks. 
 Jed clampett,  You got slickered  And you're ashamed to admit it. 
 That's just what I told him. 
 Granny, how much they gonna pay him? 
 All right, I'll tell you. 
 He said around somewhere between 25 and 100. 
 25 And 100? 
 I know it don't sound like much,  But mr. Brewster seemed to say  A great story by the fact  That he's gonna pay me  In some new kind of dollar. 
 There ain't no new kind of dollars. 
 Well, it's new to me. 
 I've heard of gold dollars,  Silver dollars,  Paper dollars,  But he said he's gonna pay me in, vh,  What'd he call 'em, granny? 
 Million dollars. 
 Yeah, that's it. 
 Million dollars? 
 He wrote the whole thing out on this piece of paper. 
 Here, you can see for yourself. 
 I don't know so much about that kind of stuff. 
 Let's see here now. 
 Saints in heaven. 
 (Coughing)  Granny, give me the jug. 
 It's empty, but I'll fetch some. 
 I'll go, granny. 
 Jed,  Jed,  You're a millionaire. 
 A millionaire. 
 Yeah, that's what the brewster fella  Kept calling me. 
 I didn't know just how to take it. 
 He meant you're rich. 
 Me? 
 The richest man in these hills,  Maybe in the whole state. 
 Jed, you can have anything you want,  Do anything you want,  Go any place you want. 
 Yeah, that's another thing he kept saying. 
 He said he reckoned  I'd be moving away from here soon. 
 What do you think, pearl? 
 You think I ought to move? 
 Jed, how can you even ask? 
 Look around you. 
 You're eight miles from your nearest neighbor. 
 You're overrun with skunks,  Possums,  Coyotes,  Bobcats. 
 You use kerosene lamps for light,  You cook on a wood stove  Summer and winter. 
 You're drinking homemade moonshine,  Washing with homemade lye soap,  And your bathroom  Is 50 feet from the house  And you ask should you move? 
 Well, I reckon you're right. 
 A man would be a danged fool to leave all this. 
 Oh, there you are, jed. 
 You misunderstood me. 
 I meant you should move away. 
 And you know where I'd go if I was you? 
 Where? 
 Ca-li-forny. 
 Californy? 
 Yes, sir. 
 Beverly hills, californy. 
 Jed, remember the time  That your pa took us to eureka springs  To see the movie picture? 
 Yeah. 
 Well, the actors that make them movie pictures  Live in beverly hills. 
 Go on. 
 Yes, sir. 
 Well, doggy. 
 Wouldn't that be something? 
 Living in the same neck of the woods  As old tom mix. 
 It sure would. 
 And we could come visit you. 
 You know what else they say about californy? 
 What? 
 You don't get cold out there. 
 What don't get cold out there? 
 Nothin' don't get cold out there. 
 They don't have no snow  Or no ice. 
 Can't they bring some in? 
 They don't want it. 
 That's why it'd be so good for granny. 
 Remember last winter  When she slipped on the ice  And broke her hip? 
 Yeah. 
 Poor old woman. 
 She was limpin' for two days. 
 Well, that couldn't happen in californy  Because they don't have no ice. 
 How come? 
 I don't know how come. 
 But granny'd sure like it. 
 And we could visit you. 
 You know what else they say about californy? 
 Maybe jethro would know how come there's no ice. 
 He's goin' to school. 
 We could ask him. 
 Jethro? 
 Yeah, ma? 
 Come on over here. 
 Speaking of school,  Elly may could get herself  A fine education out there in beverly hills. 
 Yeah, ma? 
 Your rich uncle's got a question  He'd like to ask you. 
 What rich uncle, ma? 
 Your rich uncle jed. 
 Jethro,  How come there's no ice in californy? 
 Don't look at me, I didn't take it. 
 You big dumb... 
 Well, I didn't, ma. 
 Oh, get outta here. 
 As I was saying, jed,  Folks claim,  Californy's got it all beat. 
 Why, things grow twice as big out there. 
 Jethro would be a whopper,  Wouldn't he? 
 Say, he could help you move. 
 He's awful handy  At liftin' and totin'. 
 And he could drive you out in my truck. 
 Well, now,  I couldn't let you do that. 
 Jed, we're kinfolk. 
 What's mine is yours. 
 And then I could come out later  And ride back with him. 
 And bring his unmarried sister along. 
 We could visit for a while. 
 Jed, did I ever tell you  About them oranges  They grow out there? 
 I'll tell you what, pearl,  I'm gonna have to study on this. 
 When that brewster fellow comes back,  I'll ask him what he thinks. 
 Well, your cousin is right about that,  Mr. Clampett. 
 Beverly hills isa choice residential area  And lots of millionaires do settle there. 
 Folks like me, huh? 
 Well, uh, millionaires. 
 And movie stars, too. 
 Oh, yes, yes. 
 Is tom mix there? 
 No, I'm afraid mr. 
 Mix is dead. 
 Oh. 
 Oh, yeah. 
 What's the matter with me? 
 Remember, pearl, he got shot  At the end of that picture. 
 Well, there are plenty of other movie stars,  And that's where jed wants to live. 
 Ain't it, jed? 
 I do like the notion  Of living in the hills. 
 Never could stand flat country. 
 Mr. Clampett,  I think it only fair... 
 That is, well,  I think you may have a wrong idea  About beverly hills. 
 Is that where you live? 
 No, my home is in tulsa. 
 Oh, say,  Maybe you could get us a place there  In your neighborhood? 
 Mr. Clampett,  Let's not beat around the bush. 
 You will love beverly hills. 
 Then that's it. 
 Can you steer jed  Onto a good place? 
 Well, I can get the bank out there  To handle it for him. 
 He'd like a nice, big place  With plenty of room  For his kinfolk to visit him. 
 Well, I would like a nice, roomy place  If I could afford it. 
 Oh, mr. Clampett,  With your money,  You can afford the taj mahal. 
 Okay, I'll take it. 
 Well, no, you see,  I was just making a little joke. 
 Oh, well, go right ahead. 
 Well, you see, vh,  The taj mahal is in india. 
 Mr. Brewster,  You're a nice fella,  But I've heard better jokes. 
 Is the foreigner staying for supper? 
 I'm ashamed to say  I ain't asked him. 
 How about it? 
 Oh i, I don't think so. 
 Oh, no trouble. 
 What you cooking tonight, granny? 
 Mustard greens  And possum innards. 
 Mm-mmm. 
 Do you hear that, mr. Brewster? 
 Very clearly. 
 Will it change your mind? 
 Uh, not this time. 
 Well, if you should happen  To come back tomorrow,  We'll be having leftovers. 
 That's the thing about possum innards. 
 They's just as good the second day. 
 Elly, if old duke sits there with you,  There ain't gonna be room for granny. 
 Oh, that's all right, pa. 
 Granny ain't goin’. 
 Who says she ain't? 
 She says she ain't. 
 That's right, uncle jed. 
 
 
 
 She's just sittin’ on the back porch in her rocker  And she says that's as close to californy  As you're gonna get her. 
 We'll see about that. 
 Danged if I ain't got me  The muliest womenfolk. 
 We ain't never gonna get there. 
 Now, what's all this nonsense  About you ain't going to californy? 
 Ain't no nonsense toit. 
 If the good lord had a wanted me in californy,  He'd a put me in californy. 
 Maybe he's just getting around toit. 
 The book says he moves in mysterious ways. 
 Well, if he moves me, I'll go. 
 But you and big jethro  Ain't a budgin' me. 
 Ah, granny,  This here beverly hills  Sounds like the kind of place you'd like. 
 That brewster fella says  They got smogs out there. 
 What's a smog? 
 Me and jethro figured out  That's a small hog. 
 And you heard what pearl said today,  They ain't got no snow out there. 
 You could run your still year-round. 
 Runs the year-round here. 
 Yeah, but walking down  Through the snow to the still  Always makes you feel so miserable. 
 I might feel miserable walkin' down,  But the way I feels comin' back,  Makes up for it. 
 Dag-nabbit granny. 
 We've been planning and talking  About this trip for days. 
 You never said you wouldn't go. 
 Never said I would neither. 
 But that brewster feller  Has bought us a house  In them beverly hills. 
 He sent our $25 million  To the bank out there. 
 Well, you just chase on out after it. 
 I'm staying right here. 
 And I ain't afeared neither. 
 Granny, I ain't a leavin' you here alone. 
 And I ain't a budgin'  Out of this rocker. 
 Jethro, what does that sign say? 
 It says "beverly hills."  Did you hear that, granny? 
 We're there. 
 They call them "hills"? 
 Why we got moles that can push up  Higher ridges than that. 
 Well, at least ways, they's hills. 
 We'll be among our kinda folks. 
 This deposit of $25 million  To the account of j.d. Clampett. 
 Is that j.d.? 
 As in rockefeller. 
 Elevates us to third position  In capital assets  And assures our bank of... 
 (Knock on door)  Come in. 
 I'm sorry to interrupt, mr. Drysdale. 
 It's all right, taylor. 
 Well, we all set to give the clampetts  Their red carpet reception? 
 Well, I'm afraid mrs. Drysdale  Still isn't too happy, sir. 
 Yes, I know. 
 Oh, my wife is very upset  That I got the estate  Next to ours for the clampetts. 
 Says I don't even know  What kind of people they are. 
 Do you? 
 I know to the dollar  What kind of people they are. 
 They're my kind of people,  Loaded. 
 Taylor, have the gardeners got the grounds in order? 
 Yes, sir. 
 But I'm afraid that's another thing  Your wife is upset about. 
 Oh. 
 Well, you see, your gardeners have been  Working on their lawn all week. 
 Why they've mowed it,  Trimmed it,  Fed it,  Clipped it. 
 I don't care if they lather it  And shave it. 
 This is the most beautiful mansion  In beverly hills. 
 I want every square inch  Of ground within those walls  In apple pie... 
 (Phone ringing)  Yes? 
 Oh, hello, margaret. 
 No, dear, I'm very b... 
 What? 
 Well, good heavens,  Did you call the police? 
 I'll be right there. 
 What happened? 
 The clampett estate is being  Invaded by a band of outlaws. 
 Invaded? 
 Yes, they're holding the gardeners at gunpoint. 
 Sure is lucky  We come along when we did. 
 That's the truth. 
 The way they were slipping through that gate,  Another five minutes  And that whole darn prison  Would have been empty. 
 Jethro,  You sure that's a prison? 
 Yeah, uncle jed,  I seen pictures. 
 Only thing is,  How come there ain't no guards on them walls? 
 Well, they probably done 'em in  With them knives and things. 
 They's killers,  If I ever did see any. 
 Fine neighborhood  We's moving into. 
 (Siren)  You hear that? 
 Hot diggity,  There's bobcats in these hills. 
 Them's sirens. 
 Somebody's called the law. 
 I reckon they is gonna be mighty grateful  For what we've done. 
 Folks out here has got a strange way  Of showing they's grateful. 
 Yeah, I wonder what they done  With granny and elly may? 
 I don't know. 
 They sure put up the scrap,  Didn't they? 
 Yeah. 
 Elly may whipped herself three policemen  And two convicts. 
 What's going on here? 
 You locked up one of the richest men  In the country? 
 Mr. Clampett,  I don't know how to apologize. 
 I am deeply humiliated. 
 What have you cutthroats done with j.d. Clampett? 
 I'm jed clampett  And I'd appreciate it  If you'd let go of my sunday shirt. 
 You're j.d. Clampett,  The oil millionaire? 
 Yep, this here's my nephew jethro. 
 Howdy. 
 Quickly, man, unlock this cell. 
 Mr. Clampett,  On behalf of the entire city of beverly hills,  I extend our deep  And humble apologies  For this unfortunate  And embarrassing incident. 
 Oh, I'm milburn drysdale,  President of the beverly hills bank,  My car is waiting to take you  And your family to your new home. 
 We want you to know  How happy we are  To have you,  Your handsome nephew,  Your lovely daughter,  And your beautiful money... 
 Mother. 
 Wait a minute. 
 Stop this car. 
 Mr. Drysdale,  You tricked us. 
 You just took us out of jail  So you could bring us back up here to prison. 
 Head for the hills, everybody. 
 No, wait. 
 Come back. 
 It's not a prison, it's your home. 
 Wait, come back. 
 Wait, mr. Clampett. 
 Listen to me. 
 Now, wait. 
 Mr. Clampett, listen to me. 
 Wait. 
 Come back. 
 Well, I finally rounded them up  And convinced them  That stone walls  Do not a prison make. 
 I shall never forget the picture  Of those hillbillies  Driving up to their new home. 
 Welcome. 
 Welcome. 
 Howdy. 
 Well, now, ain't that handy? 
 What's that, pa? 
 The way the road takes a bend in here,  Runs right by the front door. 
 No, mr. Clampett,  This is your driveway,  It goes with the house. 
 Is this thing a house? 
 Oh, yes, indeed. 
 It was built by john barrymore,  One of our finest actors. 
 Pretty fair stone mason, too. 
 Hey, jed! 
 Yeah, granny! 
 This here is dandy soil. 
 We can grow a good stand of corn here. 
 Fine, granny,  We'll commence plowing tomorrow. 
 You can't grow corn there. 
 Now, don't you worry. 
 If granny says it's good soil,  It's good soil. 
 Ain't nobody can grow corn like granny. 
 But this is beverly hills. 
 Dirt is dirt. 
 I suppose that should have been fair warning  As to what I could expect. 
 At first, I must admit  I was mostly amused  At their reactions. 
 Good foundation. 
 Well, jethro,  What do you think of our new house? 
 Well, uncle jed,  This here's the biggest bunch of indoors  I ever did see. 
 It's a whopper, all right. 
 Granny says there's one whole room  Just for cooking. 
 Oh, uncle jed,  Wait 'til you see that. 
 Why it's got an ice box init,  Big enough fora whole side of beef. 
 Is that a fact? 
 Yes, sir. 
 And guess what  Keeps that great big thing cold. 
 What? 
 Three or four little bitty ol' pans of ice  No bigger than that. 
 Only thing is  When that ice melts,  Where are we gonna get more? 
 I guess we'll just have to wait  For that pond to freeze over. 
 Does this place got a pond? 
 Has it got a pond? 
 Uncle jed, it's the fanciest thing  You ever did see. 
 All cement. 
 How 'bout that, a cement pond. 
 Yes, sir. 
 And they have steps  So's the cattle can walk  Right down into it  And get a drink. 
 Well, doggies. 
 And down at the deep end,  There is a board  Sticking right out over the water. 
 Only thing is  I can't figure out what that's for. 
 Jethro,  How can you be so dumb? 
 That there's to set on while you fish. 
 While you fish? 
 Why, sure, yeah, while you fish. 
 And then there was the evening  I arranged a date for elly may  With a young man from the bank. 
 I must admit she was a vision of beauty  In that dress  My secretary picked out for her. 
 Oh, miss clampett,  May I present brad jason. 
 Why in heaven's name did you do that? 
 That rascal was fixin' to bite me. 
 And then, of course,  There was that dreadful day  When I was leaving  And found the gate locked. 
 Hello. 
 Hello. 
 Mr. Clampett, can you hear me? 
 Yeah, I can hear you. 
 Good, good. 
 I need your help. 
 Sounds like you're inside the wall. 
 I am. 
 Would you let me out, please? 
 You bet I will. 
 You stay right where you are. 
 I'll get me an ax  And have you out of there in no time. 
 He demolished 30 feet of wall  Before I could stop him. 
 But the worst thing that happened... 
 I'm sorry, mr. Drysdale,  Your hour is up. 
 Ah, thank you doctor. 
 Next week, same time? 
 Yes, I'll expect you. 
 I'll be here. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 