Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x10 - Esta 'Cosa' Que Es Nuestra - Queen of the South 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x10 - Esta 'Cosa' Que Es Nuestra https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=667&t=28369 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/26/16 08:11 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x10 - Esta 'Cosa' Que Es Nuestra 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Teresa : Previously on  Queen of the South... 
 Give me the info you got on the maid. 
 She's the only one who saw your face. 
 Teresa : People coming for you. 
 We have to go. 
 I have built a life for my son. 
 You said you have family in Durango. 
 If you stay here, they will find you and your son. 
 James : Wherever you think you're going, whatever you think you're doing, Camila will find you. 
 I know you got the maid. So bring her back to me. No. I need to go with them. I left something in Mexico that can save her life. (dark music) [grunts] Are you all right? Leave him alone. ♪ ♪ We dont't want anymore your help, Do you understand? I know you won't forgive me. But if you didn't do this, I wouldn't forgive myself. (phone buzzes, beeps) Epifanio... Have you completely lost your mind? Did I not tell you to let this Birdman thing go? You try and get some scumbag from Florida to kill him? Doesn't matter. At the very least, the Jimenez people will know I'm serious. You know, this thing with Eric sends a message that anything is possible with me. He's protected. You really think they're going to start a war with the next governor of Sinaloa? Oh, you think this is a game? Well it's not like I had any option, right? You couldn't do anything... couldn't take any action with these people. Oh, you know exactly which words to use. I know what you are doing. "Couldn't" is not the word to use. "Couldn't" insults me. "Wouldn't" would be more accurate. You want to stay in Texas and stir sh1t up, maybe I will let what's coming to you come. You're the one that's called. I'm not asking for your help anymore. You know I can't let anything happen to you. How can I? How can I look at my daughter and say, "I did everything I could, but they got her anyway"? That I let your own pigheadedness kill you? Listen, you need to come home until I speak to Jimenez. Tell them your attempt on Birdman's life was a mistake. They haven't even returned my phone call yet, and that's making me very nervous. I'm not coming home. Epifanio : Yes. You need to be safe. No. Yes, home. You will come home until this is resolved. Okay, I can see that you're serious. But this is not an admission of defeat. This is just temporary, until you make peace. Epifanio : I'm sending you a plane. Be on it. (phone beeps) Should I make preparations for your trip? No, I'm already packed. How do you know he was going to ask you to go back to Mexico? I've been walking around that ego for 25 years. It's like a bad road that you learn to know all the bumps. Have you heard from James? It's like a bad road that you... (hip-hop music playing on radio) Send my suitcases with someone. I'll see you when I come back. Can I help you? Yeah, you've got my car here. You pay the fine downtown, and we release your car. Even the chickens under the porch understand that. Yeah, someone's going to take care of it. Where'd it get towed from? Well, if that's your car, don't you know? It was stolen before he towed it. I followed the LoJack here. (tense music) ♪ ♪ (radio crackle) Kahn. Where'd you pick up that red four-door? Kahn : Parked in a handicap zone. Church on Roe Street. (radio crackles) You tow cars from churches. The Lord helps those who help themselves. Nice. (tense music) ♪ ♪ Give me your backpack. ♪ ♪ Where's Manny? Gracias. ♪ ♪ My Manny, Luis. (speaking Spanish) (laughs) Luis. Whoa, Uncle Manny! (guns cocking) ♪ ♪ (speaking Spanish) What are you doing? She's not going to cause any problems. We can leave. I told her to call you. I'm trying to save her, okay? Please, okay, we can leave now. (man whispering) (dark music) ♪ ♪ (both speaking Spanish) ♪ ♪ Who do you work for? Who is after my daughter? Who do you work for? ♪ ♪ (speaking Spanish) Camila Vargas. ♪ ♪ The Vargas Cartel? Teresa : Yeah. But they don't know I saved her. They don't know I brought them to Mexico. Maria : She's telling the truth. Let her go. You are wrong about her. She is not what you think. Papa. We have to kill her. What are you talking about? Maria : Have you lost your mind? Alberto : Maria... Maria : What are you saying? We... we are not like them! If she gets caught...  when  she gets caught, how many fingers do you think she's willing to lose before she admits that she helped you and Angel, huh? How long do you think it'll take the cartel to talk to the village people, and they tell where Maria Sanchez lives? Everyone knows where we live in this village! Alberto : They're going to find our farm. They're going to find you. Have you forgotten what they did to your brother? I will not lose another child to them. (dogs barking) Manny, please, please reason with him. No, Maria, no. You forgot I'm the one who found Marco's body. You didn't see what they did to him. These people are savages. Angel : I don't believe that about you. I want to untie you. But I can't. I love my mom. (both speaking Spanish) Do you understand that? I love my mom. Yeah. I understand. (church bell ringing) (rock music) ♪ ♪ Man : May I help you? James : I hope so. Um... A woman came yesterday. Teresa : Hi, this is Teresa, leave me a message. James : Brunette, pretty, late 20s. Half as big as a minute. Man : You just described half of our parishioners. James : Were you here? Man : I wasn't. Do you know who was? The truth is, she's a friend of mine, and she's sort of... well, no one's heard from her. I turned to be trace your steps, make sure she gets her medication. It was yesterday, you probably want to talk to padre Ramon. Ok, is he here? No  is not He's up north until Wednesday. If you want to leave your number, I can have him call you. Is it an emergency? Ah, well, it's exactly what I'm trying to avoid. An emergency. I'll leave my number. (car honking) (intense music) ♪ ♪ (railroad crossing signal ringing) (train horn blaring) (door opens) Get up. Maria : I'm not doing this. I'm not. Maria! Maria! (sighs, grunts) (Alberto speaking Spanish) (sighs) (speaking Spanish) (dark music) She heard you talking outside with Grandpa. Maria : I told you back at the hotel, we lost our brother to the cartel. My father wasn't always this way. He was a Federale. Loss can change a lot of things. ♪ ♪ I know. What have you lost? ♪ ♪ Everything. ♪ ♪ I will deal with my father. Can I use the restroom? Luis. ♪ ♪ You're willing to just stand there Manny? How you've even considering this? They don't follow the law, why should we? (speaking Spanish) (Alberto speaking Spanish) No. (speaking Spanish) (dramatic music) ♪ ♪ (straining) Okay. ♪ ♪ Go. Go. ♪ ♪ (door rattling) ♪ ♪ sh1t. Oh. Oh, my God. ♪ ♪ (engine cranking) Ah. Ah. (engine cranking) ♪ ♪ (engine roars) (speaking Spanish) (dogs barking) ♪ ♪ (somber music) ♪ ♪ (all speaking Spanish) (door closes) ♪ ♪ So. I'm here. You can protect me now. Sometimes I wonder if you are worth the trouble. (lively music) (both breathing heavily) ♪ ♪ (muffled groaning, floor creaking) Dude, how much longer you going to be? James : Not much. That candy bar costs a buck ten, homey. (sighs) Keep the change. On top of what you gave me? Get out before I change my mind. No problem. (dark music) ♪ ♪ (camera shutter clicks) ♪ ♪ (phone beeps, line trills) Yeah, it's me. I need you to run a plate. (man on radio speaking Spanish) (radio, engine silence) (bell jingles) (breathing heavily) (speaking Spanish) A map? Yeah, for directions. Yeah, just, nobody asks about maps anymore. I know, it's just because my phone is broken and I'm completely lost. (sighs) Where you headed? I'm looking for a tire repair shop near Culiacán. (police radio chatter in Spanish) (tense music) ♪ ♪ (radio chatter continues) Hey, I think you're in more trouble than just a broken phone, huh? Yeah. (Spanish chatter on radio) There's a side door. ♪ ♪ (suspenseful music) ♪ ♪ To us. (glasses clink) (slurps) Why is this the only place we are ever totally honest with each other? I don't know. Might have something to do with the fact we're naked. (laughs) And I was hoping you'd say something touching about our souls. (chuckles) No. That's something one of your young, stupid lovers would say. Not me. Oh, okay. I know it was you that stole my trucks, drying up my drug supply. Villagrossa told me everything about it. Or more like, I got it out of him. It's true. And Batman? Did he tell you about my plans? Yeah. He's loyal. That's something hard to find. I'm sure you offered him the world. He said you were going to take over. What do you expect? You took everything from me and kept me on a leash. And you repaid me by taking coke from the Colombians behind my back. And growing twice as big as I wanted. You see, that's the thing. What you want. I want to run my business any way I see fit. Do you think I can? Apparently, yes. And Birdman? Was he acting on your order too? Him, too. But I didn't expect you to try and kill him. Don't look at me like that. You hid the girl, Mendoza. Well, I knew she meant something to you. I still don't know what. I told you. She saw my man kill Chino. I want her dead, and Chino's wife too. They have to go. There's no question. You know where she is? Yes. She works for me. Hm. But she's trustworthy so far. "So far" is a term I'm not comfortable with. I do *** for now. I'm serious. 
 
 (knock at door) (sighs) Mucha gracias. Ah. Will you stay with me for the fundraiser this afternoon? Yes. But just because for a change you ask, and you did not demand. (dark music) ♪ ♪ (car approaching) (engine shuts off) (door closes) ♪ ♪ (panting) What? No. Oh. (panicked breathing) ♪ ♪ (breathing heavily) ♪ ♪ (grunting) (panting) ♪ ♪ (door closes outside) (tense music) ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ (man speaking Spanish) My brother took care of you that night. ♪ ♪ (wrench clangs on floor) (all speaking Spanish) Hola, Rodrigo. Señor Vargas. Camila, what a pleasure it is to have you here. Thank you, Rodrigo. Rodrigo has run a perfect campaign for me. No one is better. A candidate like him makes my job easy. If you don't mind, I'd like to borrow him for just a second. Please, Rodrigo. I'm tired of politics. Why can't I just enjoy a nice day with my wife? You can. After you win the election. All right. Bishop Marquez is insisting on speaking with you. I'll leave you to it. No, no, no, no. Stay. I'm sure he'll be thrilled to see you. Bishop, you have met my wife, Camila. Bishop. It's a pleasure to see you again, Camila. Gracias. I have missed you at mass. Epifanio tells me that you have been tending to business in Texas. Yes. Yes, I have. You must be very proud of him. He's going to make a fine governor. Isn't the election in two weeks' time? Seems a bit premature. Not according to the most recent polls, and barring any last-minute missteps. Epifanio, if you have a moment, I would like to discuss the cathedral renovation. Sure. It will be a minute. Of course. _ I'm so glad to finally have you home. You can imagine how important it is for him to be perceived as having a stable family. (rock music) ♪ ♪ (suspenseful music) ♪ ♪ Yeah? You Ricardo Puentes? Yeah. You own a '92 gold Nissan? Yeah, who are you? (grunts) Oh! Ah! All right, gentlemen. I'm in a mood today. So let's get this over with. Where is the woman who's driving your car? Brenda? sh1t, man, if she owes you money it's not on us! Where is she? I don't know, man! She just took my car hours ago. I haven't heard a word from her. (coughing) Call her. (coughs) Gracias. (cell phone ringing) (scoffs) Ricardo. He probably wants his damn car back. When is Teresa coming back? I don't know, mijo. Hopefully soon. (ringing continues) What is she getting? Mind your business. I'm still using your car, Ricardo. What? This Brenda? Who is this? James : It's not important. Put Teresa on. Teresa's not here. James : Where is she? Brenda : Hey, who the hell is this? Listen to me. No, listen to me,  pendejo. I don't know who you are, and I don't know who you think you are, but nobody talks to me like this, you got it? Especially some shitty-ass gringo. Now put Ricardo on the phone. I told you man What, no so tough, cabron? Tell me where's she is or your friends die. (gun cocks) (panting) (lively Spanish music) Gotta do what you got to do. Oh. Bitch! Sit your ass down! Last chance, Brenda, before I shoot somebody. Shove it up your ass, gringo. (cell phone beeps) ♪ ♪ You're going to tell me everything you know about this Brenda. What do you want to know? Ask what you want to know. You got a picture of her? ♪ ♪ (tense music) ♪ ♪ (both speaking Spanish) (speaking Spanish) (sirens wailing) (dramatic music) (radio chatter in Spanish) (tense music) ♪ ♪ (man speaking Spanish) ♪ ♪ (speaking Spanish) No! No! No! (speaking Spanish) (muffled struggling) ♪ ♪ Epifanio : Don Manuel, it's Epifanio Vargas. Hola, don Epifanio. I'm sure your men have told you everything by now. Epifanio : How there was an attempt on your man Eric's life. They have. As you can imagine, the reports from Dallas were quite disturbing. Yes, that's why I'm calling. To let you know personally that my wife is not involved. As you know, I encouraged Eric to cause difficulties for my wife. She's a real firecracker, and I think I underestimated how upset she would get. Remind me never to get her upset. (laughs) Oh, you have no idea. But I will personally guarantee Eric's safety. Well, I appreciate that, and I'm sure he will too. Now, listen, this, uh... this governor thing. Looks like you're really getting up in the polls. Oh, yes. Manuel : You never really came to us and talked to us about this. Why would I need the approval of the Jimenez Cartel? Well, I mean, here you are one of us, doing the impossible. Getting an entire state to believe the impossible. Believe in what? Manuel : That you're a simple, every day, law abiding citizen. You really got these people scammed. But the question is, what can you do for us? For us allowing you to do this. What are you talking about? Allowing me. You don't think we had something to do with influencing people to be quiet and not to say things that could easily be said about you? All of the people that we know, we told them, "Behave and be quiet," and support this great lie of yours. Manuel : And if we wanted to change things, compadre, we probably could. This is where we get off track, don Manuel. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, don't... don't get crazy. All we're saying is that we're expecting something back for the favor of supporting you. (dark music) I think we should have a sit-down... after you're elected. I'm not guaranteeing anything. (phones beep) Can you believe it? These assholes, trying to take advantage. I can't have it. They're using this against me. Soon after the election, I'll have my hands tied to fight back. You're smart, too. You're strong. You can do anything. (chuckles) So, I covered for you. Now do I get your vote? I don't know. It's too fast. Please, Camila, this is your home. You're part of me. I've never been complete without you. But why don't we take things slowly? You can come and visit a few times a month. But if not for me, then at least for Isabela. Camila : Are you sure it's me, or is it just another political ploy? Epifanio : Do you sincerely doubt me? After all that's happened between us these past few days? I've been telling everybody how much I need you. This battle between us is over. But I need you to give me the girl, Teresa. ♪ ♪ (door opens) (door closes) ♪ ♪ When my son was murdered by the cartel, I spent every waking hour trying to find the man who did it. I never did. I've been praying for revenge every single day since that happened. And it never came. ♪ ♪ I am at a point... where I want... I need to punish something. I have tried to do what's right. Instead of spilling your blood, like his was spilled. And I will try to keep my faith in God. And believe that somehow, someway... my son's death will be avenged by a power higher than me. ♪ ♪ (grunting) If you ever come back here, if I ever see you again, I'll kill you. (stirring music) ♪ ♪ (intense music) ♪ ♪ (tense music) ♪ ♪ (knocking) ♪ ♪ Thank you. (panting) Did you get it? (speaking Spanish) I need water. Is this water? This is it? Yeah. Wha... what is this? It doesn't make any sense. We need to figure out what it means. A man called on my phone. I think he works for Camila Vargas. He's at the motel where I live, holding those two guys hostages that I live with. Is his name James? No, he didn't say his name. What did you tell him? Nothing. I didn't tell the pendejo anything. But he knows where I live. What are we going to do? Let's get out of here. (cell phone vibrates) (Safety) (sighs) Teresa : It's Teresa. Where are you? Teresa : Listen to me. Do you know what you've done? You betrayed Camila. You're going to have to keep running. Teresa : I'm not running. Look out the window. (door closes) Where's this Brenda and the kid? I'm not going to tell you. I haven't told Camila yet. I don't have to, but I need you to give me the maid. Why didn't you tell her? Teresa, where's the maid? She's gone. You just don't get it, do you? I'm not going to become like you. (cell phone vibrates) Yeah, you keep telling yourself that. Hello? Where are you? James : With Teresa. What happened to the maid? James? What happened to the maid? The maid's dead. Good. Come to the club. Now. It's over. You're wrong. It's never going to end. What are we celebrating? A truce with Epifanio. And he's agreed to double our shipment. (glasses clink) So it's all good. No, not really. I had to make a concession. I promised we'd stay away from Birdman. Okay, so what does that mean? We kill him. (intense music) ♪ ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 