Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x06 - El Engaño Como La Regla - Queen of the South 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x06 - El Engaño Como La Regla https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=667&t=28142 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 07/29/16 10:34 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x06 - El Engaño Como La Regla 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Teresa : Previously on "Queen of the South"... 
 I was running from Epifanio and stumbled into Camila's mule route. 
 We saw what they did. We saw them kill Chino. 
 Listen to me. There's something going on between them. 
 (speaking Spanish) 
 (speaking Spanish) 
 How can I survive with no shipment? 
 James, I want her to trust you. 
 Kim, Teresa. Teresa, Kim. 
 Hi. 
 You can learn a lot from him if you stick close. 
 He's moving up. 
 James : Birdman, his name's Eric Watson. 
 He's a fly in the ointment, one I have to be sanctioned to smush. 
 We don't have permission. Not yet. I want you to go inside and wait for me to call you. Teresa : I'm not killing anyone. What's wrong with you? Down... calm down. Teresa : He's gonna kill him. Can't you see that? That is not my business. Teresa : You let him die. Next time you have a job, pick someone else. Anyone could have put a dress on and dropped that thing off. You think that's what your job was? Your job was to learn. Hey, can you help me with this? Gracias. De nada. You've been here for a while. Why haven't you unpacked? This is just temporary. I'm leaving soon. California. My grandma always said I look like an actress. Who knows, right? You think she knows she's lying to herself? Or do you think she actually still believes it? (dark music) ♪ ♪ Sometimes we need lies to survive. (dramatic hip-hop music) ♪ ♪ I'm just saying people aren't as patient on my end. I got to have product on time, or my customers are just gonna buy from somebody else. You'll get it soon. Stretch your reserves. I already did. Three days late. I got commitments. I got buyers that know the difference in the product. Camila, these aren't patient people. Professionals understand minor shipping problems. Everything is under control. I'll take care of it. I know; I'm sure you will, but, um... Eric's reached out. (dark music) (thunder rumbling) Offered to help me out just this one time. ♪ ♪ Eric called you? Allen : He calls me a lot. I never take his calls. I never had to. But now I need product, don't I? You do know that Eric works for the Jimenez cartel, not my husband's. He's not authorized to sell you sh1t. You understand that? Allen : Yeah, I understand, but that's between you and them, not me. I'm losing money. Camila : Business is business, Allen. I get that. You're an important part of the business to me. We have a relationship. And I always delivered. You know, there's gonna be a lot of bad blood out there when word gets out that he's trying to steal business from me. All right, well, what can you promise me? You'll get what you need. My shipment is moments away. ♪ ♪ (phone beeping) Cesar : Hello? Camila (over phone) : César? (chuckles) ♪ ♪ (cell phone buzzes) Teresa (over phone) : Hey, you're alive. Hello to you too,  cabrona. Is that the way you answer the phone? Teresa : You don't call me back until now? Brenda : What? I got your message. I'm not mad at you. I'm working on my own plan to get us out. So tell me what happened to you. Teresa : Something bad. I can't talk about it on the phone. Hey, you want all this bagged up for tonight? Yeah, I do, because otherwise, we can't sell it,  pendejo. Who's that? Brenda : That's Ricardo. He's, like, my number two. Your what? Let me explain that to you later. I got a little business going on. Right now, I need a really big favor. Can you please pick up Tony from the Y? I'm working. I can't. Brenda :  Cabrona,  so am I. I'm across town. And my friend, he has a car, but he needs it. Brenda, I can't pick him up. Oh, come on. Please, Teresita, please. Sorry, I can't. Brenda : Tony's gonna be very disappointed in you. Fine, I'll talk to you later. (cell phone beeps) (somber music) ♪ ♪ (indistinct chatter) (car horn honking) ♪ ♪ (keypad beeps) Russell (over intercom) : Turn around. Turn around. Face the camera. See the camera? (gate buzzes) (Mary Jane Girls' "In My House" playing) ♪ ♪ Woman : ♪ Boy, you can just, just believe ♪ 
♪ I'm the only girl in your life ♪ Hey, come on in. Woman : ♪ I'll be your sugar in the morning ♪ Welcome to the abode. You're Teresa, right? Yeah, I'm Teresa. Go ahead, set your stuff down there. Woman : ♪ When it comes down to making love ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ I'll satisfy your every need and every fantasy ♪ Cool. (laughs) Nice, I like that. Last one came in a Jiffy Pop container, huh? Your guys have great ideas. (clears throat) Who does this sh1t for you, huh? Teresa : I don't know. James has it done. Woman : ♪ In my house ♪ Women : ♪ In my house ♪ (inhales sharply) Mm, mm. Man, that's coffee. (sniffs) Woman : ♪ And it's me, baby, that you miss ♪ 
♪ Here's the key to unlock the door ♪ Thank you. The other girl did. She did lots of things. Yeah, I don't mix work and play. Got it. Well, uh... I am going to give you this. Woman : ♪ In my house ♪ Women : ♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh ♪ Every month... as a no-strings bonus, but, hell, there are strings. But, um, I think they're strings you can live with. If there's ever a drought, if there's ever a time where, uh, you know, the snow ain't falling in Texas, I want you to put me at the head of the list. Simple. That's it. And I want nothing else in exchange, and I mean nothing. In the state of Texas, a verbal contract is binding. I'm a lawyer. I know. Woman : ♪ I'll kiss away all your tears ♪ (dramatic music) What kind of lawyer are you? Immigration. Can you get papers? Uh, papers? Immigration papers. Mm, no. Not really. Of course. (laughs) Of course. That's what I do. Basically, that's what I do day to day. Yes, yes. What about papers with different names on it? Anything can be arranged. It's expensive. Depends on how far you want to outrun your past. Very far. ♪ ♪ Not easy, legal papers. Need to pay people off well. You in trouble? ♪ ♪ James : My phone's ringing nonstop. We're late with everyone. No one has their shipments. Camila : What are you telling them? Whatever they need to hear. Well, you don't need to tell them anything anymore. (cell phone buzzing) I just spoke with Reynaldo in Colombia. I'm waiting for his confirmation to see if the shipment is arriving later today. (sighs) Good. ♪ ♪ I didn't want to tell you this, but... People are wondering if there's change coming. Wondering? I can see why that would be discussed. Why? Why? Because everyone knows Epifanio's running for governor down there. He's trying to keep his hands clean. Our product is low. Maybe they think they can touch us now, take Dallas from us. Maybe they think he's not paying attention. Well, they would be wrong to think that. You know it's Eric who started this sh1t, right? I mean, you know that better than anyone. Birdbrain. I'm ready to make that problem go away. Just say the word. He's gone. I'll eat his goddamn birds one at a time. You know it's not as easy as that. (cell phone buzzing) It's Colombia. I advanced the delivery. It's confirmed, so we're no longer low on product. The shipment is arriving later today. And I want you to receive it personally. Get ready. ♪ ♪ (gate buzzes) (cell phone buzzes) Yeah? Where are you? I'm on my way to my next delivery. Come to the club. I need you for something else. (siren blips) ♪ ♪ What is it? I need you to go on a run. It's a shipment. Today. It's very important. You did a good job at Birdman's. Just go with James. Aren't you lucky? You get to ride with me again. ♪ ♪ Man (on radio) : ♪ Say it ain't fair ♪ 
♪ If I got it and don't share ♪ 
♪ So I'm steady throwing hundreds ♪ 
♪ So you know my money long ♪ Teresa : Whose car is this? Man : ♪ Get it 'fore it's gone ♪ 
♪ And I'm being silent, so she know that boy is on ♪ 
♪ If you want this money from me then bend over ♪ 
♪ I got money in my pocket ♪ 
♪ Girl, go ahead, let me see you pop it ♪ 
♪ Go on, show it ♪ 
♪ Go on, bend it over for me, shorty ♪ 
♪ Get this money ♪ 
♪ Go on, bend it over for me, shorty ♪ (music stops) So you're still messed up about what happened at Eric's, right? You sat by and let that man be murdered. That's not who I am. That's not who I want to become. Too late. I told you... fact... the guy was gonna die if we were there or not. Okay, so it just never happened. Look, there are gonna be some things that you see that if you allow yourself to care about, you won't be able to forget. It's an occupational hazard. You think I haven't seen darkness? That's not it. That's not what I'm saying. It's how you deal with those things. That's what I'm talking about. Now, say you're trapped in a cave, right? And you think, "What happens when the light goes out?" You're gonna be terrified, sure. The light won't last, that it'll go out. But you know what happens when it does go out? You learn to live in the dark, because you've got no choice. They should use the time they can see to get out of the cave. No, can't get out of the cave. Why not? Because you're in it every time you close your eyes. That's why. You know what I'm talking about. ♪ ♪ All right, we're gonna be on foot from here. I use that street because there's access to the freeway at three different points. Delaney, Essex, and the interchange, and the on-ramp's right there. That's where you go if you're in trouble. Understand? This is one of the usual spots. I know every inch of it, and soon you will too. Let's go. ♪ ♪ (phone rings) Camila : Epifanio. Epifanio (over phone) : Hello, my love. Batman said you wanted me to call you. Listen to me. You're really messing me up, my love. You're causing me severe problems. What are you talking about? So your shipment is late. Deal with it. I'm not only calling you because of that. I'm calling you because of Eric. You know, from the Jimenez Cartel. The Birdman? Camila : Yes, the Birdman. He's walking all over me. You know, sticking his nose where it doesn't belong and trying to take over territories. And people are starting to talk. Rumor is, you don't give a sh1t and you're not gonna protect me. And he knows I'm not allowed to do anything against him. You know how it is. Birdman works for the Jimenez Cartel. He has nothing to do with us. We agreed on a treaty that allows him to be in Texas. The treaty doesn't include him trying to take over my business! You know, he's stepping all over me, looking for vulnerabilities, so I want permission. (tense music) For what? I want your permission to do what I need to do. ♪ ♪ Well, if, uh, "Do what I need to do," means what I think it means, then the answer to that, you know very well. That's a long conversation with our friends at Jimenez. That's a long, long conversation. Just like they couldn't do what I think you are talking about to you while you are under my protection. Well... he has to go. He's trouble, and he thinks you're weak. (laughs) You know, I know you very well. and I know that what you are saying, what you are really saying, is that he thinks you're weak, and that makes you mad. You feel like he's slapping you in the face. But, my love, that's your biggest flaw. You can't let that sh1t go. And I'm telling you, let it go, and soon everything will be back in order. Listen, have you heard anything new about that girl Mendoza? 
 
 ♪ ♪ Camila : No, nothing. Epifanio : Okay. Well, anyway, if there's any more funny business from Birdman, let me know. Ass. (laughs) She has her confidence back. The Colombian shipment is arriving in Texas today. That's why. ♪ ♪ (suspenseful music) All good? Yeah. ♪ ♪ (cell phone buzzing) We're on. (tires squealing) ♪ ♪ (heartbeat thumping) ♪ ♪ (heartbeat thumping) ♪ ♪ Malditos bastardos! (gunfire) (men yelling indistinctly) Go, go, go. Give me your gun. (yells) Jump or die. Come on. (tires squealing) (gunfire continues) Lay it down! Come on! Lay it down! Come on! Do it! (gunfire) (horn honking) (faint gunfire) (tires squeal) We got to get a head count! (tense music) Get down! Move in! (siren wailing) ♪ ♪ Split up. Go that way. ♪ ♪ (siren blips) Woman (over radio) : One Hispanic female, last seen wearing a green army-style jacket. ♪ ♪ (panting) (crowd murmuring indistinctly) (siren blipping) Man (over radio) : Looking for one male, possibly Caucasian or Hispanic. 5'10" tall. ♪ ♪ (women laughing and chatting) Hi, nice dog. Oh, thank you. Be careful. Yeah. He's kind of evil, though. Man (over radio) : One Asian male. 5'9" tall. Could be armed. Oh, that's part of the charm, him making you think he's cute. Trust me. (chuckles) That's nice. Well, you have a nice day, okay? You too. Take care. ♪ ♪ (seat belt alert dinging) (trolley bell ringing) ♪ ♪ (sirens wailing) (cell phone buzzes) Where are you? James (over phone) : On a trolley. Northbound on McKinney. Where are you? Teresa : I'm coming back to get you. James : No, there's cops everywhere. Get on that ramp and get back to the warehouse. (sirens wailing) (indistinct police radio chatter) (sirens wailing) (heartbeat thumping) (horn honking) (exciting music) ♪ ♪ (horn honking) That was stupid. I told you to go. It's just us. Take a left here, on the freeway. (sirens wailing faintly) ♪ ♪ (indistinct chatter) (cell phone buzzing) Hi. Hey,  mi'jo.  Are you done? You're gonna have to get home another way today. Mom, where are you? I am working. Tony : Where are you working? At the motel. You were supposed to pick me up. (knock at door) One second. Hold on,  mi'jo.  Hold on. Who's... What the hell is she wearing? She can't wear that when she sells for us. No, Ricardo, she can't wear that. This has to change. Mom. Brenda : Okay, listen,  mi'jo. I'm really busy. Why don't you take the bus? It... it's... it'll leave you, like, two blocks away. Teresa can't pick you up either, but don't blame her. The bus? Brenda : Yes, the bus. You can do it. You're a big boy now, and I'll text you the address. Okay? Can you do it? I can do it. You can do it. Okay, good. And when you get home, I have a little surprise for you. If you have any problems, you call me. I said I'd be okay. (exhales forcefully) What are you doing? I need air. You turned around. Why'd you turn around? I used the time I could see to get you out of the cave. (cell phone buzzing) I'm on my way back. This is all over the news. What the hell happened? I don't know, but it's gone, all of it. (dramatic music) ♪ ♪ Where are you going? I'm walking back. ♪ ♪ (door clicks shut) I just heard from our friend at the DEA. It went down. Her Colombian coke is gone. They got all of it, and they say, "Thank you." It bought us goodwill. It was a hard lesson for her to learn. And we are just getting started. ♪ ♪ (indistinct chatter and laughter) (speaking Spanish) Hi, may I help you? Uh, yeah, actually. Are you hungry? Please join us. There's plenty of food for everyone. No, thank you. I'm not hungry. I just wanted to ask you about these people. Are you bringing them from Mexico? I don't know what you're talking about. These are church members returning from, uh, a spiritual retreat. Just 'cause I saw them coming out of vans with their belongings, and I saw the same thing last week. I was just wondering that maybe... Um, listen, um... Teresa. Listen, Teresa, I'm willing to help you any way I can, but that's just not the case. Those people you saw last week, uh, were coming back from the work fields. Some don't have a place to stay, so we let them stay here. It's just 'cause I have some family that I would like to bring from Mexico, and they're having trouble crossing the borders. I also left something very important in Mexico that they need to bring me. So is there any way you could help me? I'd love to help, but we are not bringing people. That's just not the case. You can come here anytime you want. I can offer you something to eat, spiritual guidance, but outside of that, I am afraid there's nothing else I can do for you. Okay. Thank you. You're welcome. Have a good day. You too. ♪ ♪ (cell phone buzzes) (cell phone buzzing) Yeah? Camila (over phone) : It's Camila. Allen, there's been a problem. There's another delay. Ah, you're putting me in a dangerous situation, Camila. Yeah, I understand. I do, but I'm just asking you to be a little bit more patient. Look... Camila : Listen. I handle things. You know this thing will get handled. Allen : Which is what I've told all my buyers, who aren't gonna wait any longer this time. You're making a mistake, Allen. Allen : It's one time. One time. Everything will be back to normal between us as soon as you're in shape. Not a big deal. You're making it one... (truck beeping) But it's not. You're my supplier, not Eric. Camila : He better know that. Make sure he does. I will. ♪ ♪ You're doing the right thing. My opinion, bird in the hand's worth two in the bush. That's just me. ♪ ♪ Thank you. (indistinct chatter) Hi, honey. What's with the bag? I packed some of your stuff. I'll explain later, but we've got to go to the trailer. I know. I know. I'm sorry. Something went down. I don't know what's gonna happen, but I need you to be safe. You know I'm doing this for your own protection. I know. I know the drill. Jesus, Lord, I know the drill. For how long? I used up all my sick days last time. I don't know exactly. Hey, come on. You always kick and scream, and then you say you love the view from the lake. I meant when we build a home on it, not hiding in some rusty old trailer. It's not always gonna be like this. I promise. Come on. I'll get you set up. I got to get back to Camila's. (sighs) Man : ♪ I release these words like a Glock exploded ♪ 
♪ And I don't need a pistol grip to hold it ♪ (song continues indistinctly over club speakers) ♪ ♪ (tense music) ♪ ♪ What the hell happened? The feds were waiting for us. I mean, they knew about the shipment. I mean, someone must have tipped them off. How else? So you're saying we got a mole? And it's gonna get worse when the Colombians realize that we just lost them 5 million bucks. How much coke do we have left, including reserves? Well, Epifanio is sending a shipment tonight. We can just sell it, you know, and pay the Colombians. We'll be fine. Epifanio? He hasn't exactly been very reliable recently. I mean, that's why we're in this mess in the first place. We're losing customers to Eric, we owe the Colombians 5 million, and if he doesn't come through, we got nothing. Well, do you have an idea? What? Speak up. Well, you know I don't often question your decisions... We're on the hook for 5 million bucks. Sell Teresa to Epifanio for $5 million. Use that money to pay back the Colombians, and we are back in business. ♪ ♪ You must love your business more than you hate Epifanio. Maybe you're right. ♪ ♪ Cut that sh1t again, man. Don't be stingy. It's stepped so much, I don't even think legally we can call it cocaine anymore. When was the last time you talked to him? Like, an hour, like... I don't know... two... two hours ago. I mean, I've been texting him. He's not answering. And I-I walked over to that bus stop, like, three times, and... I don't know why I told him to take the bus. I shouldn't have taken no for an answer. I should have made you pick him up. (door clicks open) Tony! Tony, where you been? I was texting you. How come you didn't answer? 'Cause I didn't feel like it! I was worried about you. Like if you care! Oh, easy, little dude. Show your mom some respect. (speaking Spanish) Just stay out of it,  cabrón! Hey! Just leave me alone. Go with your stupid boyfriend! I hate you! You're an embarrassment. I wish you were dead. Well, I'm not dead! I'm the one that's here. Now, look, I'm gonna let you handle this. Tony? Talk to that  cabrón. Tony? Tony, come here. Tony, come talk to your mom. You have to talk to her, Tony. Teresa : Look at me. TONY: (sniffles) Look at me. Okay, you have to talk to your mom. You stay right there. You don't ever talk to me like that again. You hear me? Do you understand me? What, you miss your father? Yeah, I miss him too, but we can't change what happened, so whatever you're feeling and whatever I'm feeling, we're gonna have to push it down real deep. There's gonna be some things in life that if you let yourself care about, you're not gonna be able to forget. So you got to keep it down. You got no choice. I need you to be a man now. Can you do that? 'Cause I'm making money, and I'm gonna get us out of this, but I need your help. I need you to be strong, and I need you to be tough. Can you do that? Can you be my little man? I'm sorry,  mi'jo. I'm sorry too. I'm sorry, Ma. It's okay, honey. I won't do that to you again, okay? Okay. I'm sorry. (dramatic music) ♪ ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 