Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x05 - Un Alma. Un Mapa. Dos Futuros. - Queen of the South 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x05 - Un Alma. Un Mapa. Dos Futuros. https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=667&t=28043 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 07/22/16 04:21 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x05 - Un Alma. Un Mapa. Dos Futuros. 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously, on "Queen of the South"... 
 Find a coyote who can take you to Dallas, Texas. 
 You take care of this, César. You personally. 
 (siren wailing) 
 Go ahead and give me your license and registration. 
 Of course. 
 I was really hoping... you were reaching for a gun in there, César. 
 Camila Vargas. 
 I can't wait to see you next week. 
 I just don't think it's the right time for you to visit. 
 It's always work. 
 You've been given a job to do, so be smart. 
 Don't even think about running. 
 I promise you that sh1t will not work. 
 This better be worth it, Teresa. 
 (radio scanning stations) 
 (Latin music playing) 
 Where'd you get this piece of sh1t car? 
 It doesn't even have a satellite. 
 Next time steal one with a satellite. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Not such a big city. 
 It's kind of flat. 
 Where we going? 
 To a motel. 
 Well, as long as there's a bed for Tony, 'cause I cannot sleep three in a bed. 
 Believe me, this one kicks like his father. 
 I don't kick. 
 Everybody kicks sometimes. 
 And he farts. 
 Mijo, I'm kidding. 
 Come on. 
 She knows I'm kidding, okay? 
 (laughing) 
 It's not gonna be three in the bed, anyway. 
 What do you mean? 
 I'm not gonna stay with you guys. 
 I'm gonna stay somewhere else. 
 Where you staying? 
 There's something I didn't tell you, Brenda. 
 This car belongs to Camila Vargas. 
 (laughs) 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Stop the car. 
 Stop the car, Teresa. 
 Stop the car! 
 This is crazy. 
 Look at me. 
 I was running from Epifanio and stumbled into Camila's mule route. 
 She could've killed me. 
 She didn't. 
 We saw them kill Chino. 
 They killed Guero, and you're working for that puta? 
 Epifanio did, not her. 
 Yeah, they're the same, Teresa. 
 Get out of the car, Tony. 
 Get out of the car. 
 You brought me and my son up here. 
 You brought us up here and she's probably waiting for us. 
 You know that she's probably waiting for us. 
 We saw what they did. 
 We saw them kill Chino! 
 Listen to me, there's something going on between them. 
 She could've killed me twice. 
 Batman came up here and she protected me even from him. 
 Jesus, Batman was here? 
 This is crazy. 
 He's gone now. 
 I thought we'd run when you got here. 
 I did. 
 That was my plan, but now I think it's not the smartest thing to do. 
 If we do that now, we're gonna have both of them tracking us to kill us. 
 Someone told me the best thing to do with Camila is allow her to get bored of me. 
 Who told you that? Gato? 
 Pote? 
 You think people get bored of people who saw murders? 
 Is that what you think? 
 Epifanio's running for governor. 
 He wants us dead. 
 Did you forget that? 
 We can make some money and disappear. 
 I promise you. 
 I should be dead, and I'm not. 
 (gasps) 
 (door shuts) 
 (engine turns over) 
 I'm not gonna promise anything 'cause I'm processing this sh1t. 
 That's all I'm gonna say. 
 (dramatic music) 
 ♪ ♪ (indistinct chatter in Spanish) ♪ ♪ What time is it? It's almost 3:00 p.m. Get up. Come with me. Where? I'm going to kill someone. ♪ ♪ (thunder rumbling) (Epifanio speaking Spanish) (speaking Spanish) Gracias. (speaking Spanish) (both laugh) (thunder rumbling) (dramatic music) ♪ ♪ (door opens, bell jingles) ♪ ♪ (thunder rumbling) ♪ ♪ (Spanish radio transmission) (phone ringing) César? (both speaking Spanish) (thunder rumbling) (suspenseful music) ♪ ♪ Who are you going to kill? If you're gonna do that, I should know what's going on. You'll find out when you need to know. Listen to me, I'm not doing this. Hey! Listen, I'm not killing anyone. I said "I'm." I'm killing someone. Not you, and not here. Although in this house, there's someone I'd like to kill at times. Come on. TV announcer : Right, just look at this 14-karat white gold ring with the stone that's just... (footsteps drown out TV) Hey, babe. You didn't say you were coming home, so I didn't order any food. Mm. Mm. I'm not here, really. I just need one of your dresses. A dress? (chuckles) Turn around. Kim, Teresa. Teresa, Kim. Hi. Hi. What do you need a dress for? James : Work. All right, well, come on. Make it a high-end dress. A nice one. This way, sweetheart. I've got more than I can say grace over. He spoils me. Not gonna lie. How long you been working with James? Not long. Well, you can learn a lot from him if you stick close. He's moving up. You know that though, huh? (suspenseful music) ♪ ♪ Thank you. ♪ ♪ Pick. I used to have that exact pair. (chuckles) Well, you should try them on. Thank you. ♪ ♪ James : Come on! Are you choosing a dress or sewing one? (phone chimes, buzzes) ♪ ♪ (footsteps descending stairs) Jimmy, don't make her run in my shoes. Otherwise you're gonna have to buy me a new pair. Are you going out tonight? With Cara. Yeah, who else is gonna be there? You're worried about that oil guy, aren't you? You don't have to worry. Come on. (hip-hop music playing) ♪ ♪ (phone buzzing) Yeah? Gloria : James, it's 5:30. Where are you? Black car right out front. You see me? Oh, there you are. I see you. Hey, James. You always smell like cinnamon gum. Oh, that's weird because I'm always chewing cinnamon gum. Is this her? Yeah. This is Gloria. She's gonna take you inside the party. Come on, baby, let's go. Before you go, I want you to take this device, you go inside, and you wait for me to call you. (distant laughter and chatter) That's it. Nothing to it. What does it do? It messes up birds. So listen, the guy that's having the party,  that's Eric. That's the guy you want to stay away from. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Nice dress. Thank you. James is my friend. She's a friend of Eric's. Have a good time. ♪ ♪ (playful music on TV) You hungry, mijo? Hmm. (door bell dings) There's a reason no one's buying from you. You look like a cop. I don't know what the sh1t you're talking about. Well, you're not selling any sh1t either. That's why you're here again. I'm telling you, you look like a cop. That's why it's not working. I look like I'm a cop? Who else would be standing all day in the front of a motel selling drugs? Now I know you're not a cop, because I saw you walking yesterday. Estas cojo.  You got a limp, right? But these people driving by, they don't see you walking so they don't know you have a limp so they're gonna keep on driving. Now honestly, I don't know what gives you the balls to stand out here anyway, because if that pinche manager wants to call the cops on you, you can't even run. I could stay here because my brother's the manager of the motel so no one's gonna be calling the cops. Ah, okay, but you're not selling any drugs, either. So how would you like to move your drugs the Sinaloa way? You got a car? 
 
 (party music) ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ (suspenseful music) ♪ ♪ (line trills) (over phone): Isabella is not available at this time. Please leave a message. (beeps) (dance music playing) ♪ ♪ (speaking Spanish) (line trilling) (phone buzzing) Where are you? Tonto (over phone) : There was no delivery. The truck... it never arrived. Come to the club now. (phone ringing) Hello, my love. Are you completely out of the business now or what? What do you mean? Camila : Well, there was a time where you used to know before anyone when shipments were late. (Epifanio laughing) I was going to call you, but I just found out that the shipment is going to be late. Do you think that's funny? I can barely keep up supply as it is. Oh, come on, you know I have my hands full. This is not news to you, but a lot of people out there would like to see me fail. Oh, is that so? Epifanio : Unbelievable but true. What's the problem, Epifanio? Epifanio : Federales. What can I say? They're watching everywhere. I couldn't release the trucks yet. Someone is tipping them off. I don't know who it is, but I'll find out. Camila : And meanwhile? How can I survive with no shipment? I'll find out what's going on. Camila : Okay. Wait. Did you speak to Isabella? Yes, she called me yesterday from school. Said everything is fine. Did you tell her not to call me? Camila : Are you taking advantage of my situation with her? No, of course not. Camila : Well, I left her several messages and she hasn't called me back in a week. She doesn't want to talk to me. Well, come on home. She'll talk to you. Epifanio : Admit that you need me, and come home. I got to go. (dramatic music) ♪ ♪ (glass shatters) ♪ ♪ So? Tell our dealers we'll be a little bit late with their delivery. We're dangerously low. I'll get it soon. (dance music playing) ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Brenda : This is it. This is where the  fresas  hang out. Rich people. Man, we'll probably get arrested for just being here. A DWL... Driving While Latino. Okay, give me all your sh1t. Come on. (speaking Spanish) Un veinte. And don't move. (dance music playing) Thanks. Can I get a cerveza with lime, please? And not the shitty limes you cut this morning. A fresh one. Thank you. ♪ ♪ Can I give you some advice? You know what girls like that like? What? Cocaina. Cocaine. (dance music playing, people cheering downstairs) (dark music) ♪ ♪ (phone buzzing) Yeah? James : This is what I want you to do. On the floor, there's a grate. Yeah. Give it a tug. James : Pull the grate out. Get the device. Turn it on. (device beeps on) Put the thing as far in the grate as you can. James : Put the grate back on and go to the living room. I'm leaving now. I'm getting out of here. James : No. Why do I have to be here? In case it doesn't work. That's why. James : Wait, wait, wait. James : Someone's coming. Hide. (suspenseful music) ♪ ♪ Man : Shut your mouth. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Oh, sh1t. ♪ ♪ I see you there. Come here. ♪ ♪ I was just looking for the bathroom. ♪ ♪ Go. Are you okay? What are they gonna do to you? Just... go. James : What the hell are you doing? ♪ ♪ Stand up. You can't do it. ♪ ♪ Look, they're gonna come back. Whatever you were doing here, get out. Go. Thank you. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ (device whistling) (birds squawking) ♪ ♪ Hey, Eric. The birds are freaking out, man. ♪ ♪ What's wrong? What's wrong? What's wrong? ♪ ♪ Bang. Hi, hi. Aah! ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ (dance music playing) You wanna try somewhere else? What are you talking about? I sold all that sh1t. I'm starving. Let's get something to eat, and when can we get more of this sh1t? (laughs) Orale! sh1t, let's go. (dance music playing) (clears throat) You didn't kill him. I said I was gonna kill him. I didn't say that would be tonight. The bird man, his name's Eric Watson. He doesn't belong here. He's just babysitting land. What do you mean? Camila only owns half of Dallas. Did you know that? Jimenez cartel has the other half. I'm sure you've heard of them. Yes. They have an accord with Epifanio... allows them to use Dallas as a hub, get down to the ports if there's trouble with their other outlets. So if the DEA's up their ass, they can get drugs to Europe. Keep supply going out, keeps money coming in. They sent this prick to babysit their land. The thing is, Camila wants all of Dallas. Jimenez could give two sh1ts about the cocaine business here. They just want to use the ports when they need them. Eric Watson, he's just a seat filler. He's a fly in the ointment... one I have to be sanctioned to smush. I don't have permission. Not yet. So what are we doing here? We're preparing for our future. I'm gonna get the green light. It's just a matter of time, and with your help, I'll be ready. Camila grows, so do you. I don't have to own the whole building. I just want a few bricks. (dramatic music) ♪ ♪ Such a kind prick. ♪ ♪ Okay, buddy, that's enough. ♪ ♪ Come on, do something. (honks horn) Hey! He's gonna kill him. Stop it. Can't you see that? Calm down. Get off me! Calm down. He's gonna... Stop it! What are you doing? He's gonna kill him. Stop it, stop it. Calm down. What's wrong with you? He's gonna kill him! We can't. Get off me! Will you stop it? He's gonna kill him. Get off me! Calm down. (scoffs, sighs) It took me six months to find out where this shithead lives. That is not my business. He would've been here even if we weren't. It's not on us, okay? We did nothing wrong. We did nothing because of you. What would you have done, hmm? There's nothing you could've done. He chose to be in Eric's world... And that's his bad decision. Not ours. You can tell yourself whatever you want, Teresa, but you couldn't have saved him. and if I let you try, all you would've done is expose what I'm doing, and I'm not gonna let that happen. Don't look away. That's your world now. That's your world now. That's your world. (engine turns over) (dark music) ♪ ♪ (phone ringing) (chuckles) Patrón? Camila Vargas. (speaking Spanish) (speaking Spanish) ♪ ♪ I know I told you to lay low when we first met, but you didn't, so don't forget it was you who chose this. Next time you have a job, pick someone else. Anyone could've put a dress on and dropped that thing off. Do you think that's what your job was? Your job was to learn. (tense music) ♪ ♪ (phone buzzing) Brenda (over phone) : It's Brenda, leave a message. Teresa : Brenda, it's me. Look, I know you're mad at me, okay, but I really need you to call me back. I got to figure a way out of here. Just... call me, okay? Hey. Camila wants to see you. (tense music) ♪ ♪ Sit. I understand you're probably shook up with what happened tonight, and with the two dead bodies of the other day at the drug bust, well, if I were you, I probably would be thinking tomorrow at sunrise, when the first light hits the ground, I'm gonna run. I'm sure you understand by now that you're very important to me because of what you have against Epifanio. So I wouldn't be talking from a selfish point of view when I tell you that if you run away and I had to kill you, I would be very disappointed. Not only because of what you have against my husband, but because I'm really... I'm really starting to like you. See those things today, what happened, you can't run away from that. Your real family may have abandoned you, but this family won't. You don't have to be afraid about Epifanio. I'll take care of him. (phone ringing) (speaking Spanish) Don Epifanio. Don Epifanio Vargas. (speaking Spanish) (speaking Spanish) (dramatic music) ♪ ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 