Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x07 - El Hombre Pájaro - Queen of the South 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x07 - El Hombre Pájaro https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=667&t=28210 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/05/16 07:35 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x07 - El Hombre Pájaro 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Camila : Previously on "Queen of the South"... 
 (gunfire) 
 Come on! Jump or die! 
 (gunfire) 
 Camila : What the hell happened? 
 The feds were waiting for us. 
 I mean, they knew about the shipment. 
 I just heard from our friend at the DEA. 
 Her Colombian coke is gone. 
 The DEA got all of it, and they say, "Thank you." 
 It's a hard lesson for her to learn. And we are just getting started. So how would you like to move your drugs the Sinaloa way? Got a little business going on. I'm working on my own plan to get us out. Hi. Please, join us. These people, I saw them  coming out of vans with their belongings. Are you bringing them from Mexico? (dramatic music) Teresa : Is there any way you could help me? I don't know what you're talking about. We are not bringing people. (snorts) I'm a lawyer. Can you get immigration papers? Anything can be arranged. It's expensive. Depends on how far you want to outrun your past. Very far. (country rock music) (indistinct chatter) I hear you, brother. (laughter and indistinct chatter) ♪ ♪ Camila Vargas. You're slumming. You were only supposed to do business with me. I asked you to wait for 24 hours. You couldn't even honor that? You go to Birdman and take product from him? Travis : You're dry. Eric had product; you didn't. It's not personal. Besides, I'm not the first person Eric's helped out. From what I hear, Allen's buying from him now too. You were one of my first customers. I expected more. Travis : It's just this one time. It's easier to ask for forgiveness than for permission. I came here personally to let you know that I have everything under control. (tense music) ♪ ♪ Let's talk if to get that load. ♪ ♪ (speaking Spanish) (Distant speaking Spanish) Tell them to be patient. There's no deliveries again today. (coughing) (men speaking Spanish) She still has a fever. Looks bad. ♪ ♪ Have you eaten anything? (coughing) It's worse. Yeah. ♪ ♪ (speaking Spanish) (speaking Spanish) There's a sick girl. She needs medicine. (speaking Spanish) It's bad. What, what do you want, puta? She needs a doctor. So just take her to the doctor. I don't know anyone. (sighs) Doctor Cohen. That's his name. (coughs) (speaking Spanish) (sighs) Keep an eye on her, okay? Yeah. I'll be back. (speaking Spanish) (indistinct chatter) Estúpido. You know, he's not the problem. Eric is. I had my guys buy a brick from him to test it. It was 90% pure. I mean, the best we could ever do and turn a profit is 80%. Makes no sense. He's losing money. It's not about the money. It's about running me out of business. Once I'm out, prices go up, product quality goes down. This Eric problem could go away very quickly. I'm prepared for that. Nothing would make me happier. 'Cause we can deal with the fallout, whatever that is. (laughter and indistinct chatter) ♪ ♪ (line trilling) (phone ringing) Hello, my love. I assume this is about your shipment. So now you read minds? When is it coming? Camila, I said it's coming. Do you want an exact minute? Camila : That would be helpful. Well, you should be happy to know I dealt with the federales, and it safely crossed the border last night. It should be at your meet point in a few hours. Well, that's good. But it's not the only reason I called you for. You sound like you're having a bad day, my love. I need more. Epifanio : Why? I need more because I need to cut purer. It's Eric. Camila : He's continuing to be a problem, delivering quality I can't match. What do you mean? He's using my delays to take over Dallas. He's flaunting. We cannot touch him. Epifanio : We've already discussed Birdman, Camila. My hands are tied. I don't care what your treaty is. He's got to go. I don't ask you for anything. I'm asking you for this. Camila : I want the green light to take him out today. Okay, I'll call the Jimenez cartel and tell them to back off as an official warning. Epifanio : Are you there? Camila : I'm here. (sighs) Camila, concede. Epifanio : Admit that this Dallas adventure was a mistake and come back home where you belong. Well, when you concede to your rival for governor, then we'll talk. (speaking Spanish) (speaking Spanish) (speaking Spanish) I need you to escort that shipment personally to the warehouse. It's too important. (man speaking Spanish over radio) $37.89. Your change. Thank you. Good morning, Father Ramon. Morning. (woman speaking Spanish over radio) Teresa? Yeah, hi. You came into my church. Yeah. So you live in the neighborhood? Yeah, I live close by. Good to see you, Father. One second, please. (tense music) When you first came into our church, I didn't know you were local. Some people don't feel as charitable as us when it comes to immigrants. For all I know, you could have been ICE. You mentioned you needed to get back to Mexico, to retrieve something of value. I might be able to get you there. I appreciate that. Okay. Thank you. You're welcome. (pensive music) (indistinct chatter in Spanish) ♪ ♪ (phone buzzing) ♪ ♪ (car horn honking) (dramatic music) ♪ ♪ (doorbell rings) (funky music playing on stereo) (man singing indistinctly) ♪ ♪ I was, uh, high as a kite last night, but not enough to know that you already came this month. What are you doing here? You said I could get immigration papers. ♪ ♪ I want to disappear. ♪ ♪ Thanks. Most important meal of the day. (snorts) (grunts) (sighs) Need that morning pick-me-up. Coffee gives me the runs. I don't have much time. (footsteps tapping) Hold on, darlin', just one sec. I'll let myself out, sweetheart. We on for Friday? Always. So, uh, what was this about you wanting to disappear? I need papers for me, my friend, and her son, as soon as possible, new names and passports. No fakes. I need the good ones, the real thing. Real deal starts at 30 grand, per person. That's just for the filing and my retainer fee. And there's no guarantee you can get them. I need you to try. Oh, keep going. Yo, we're stepping on this too much. People are gonna notice; this is bad business. Bad business is having no product. I'll tell you when to stop. Is this cut too much, cabrón? (knock at door) Who is it? It's me. Open up, hurry. It's fine. (both speak Spanish) This is Ricardo, my number two. You remember him. And that's Drake, his number two. I need to talk to you. Okay. Guys, step outside, please. But you said we needed to get this done. (speaking Spanish) Step outside. (Latin music playing over radio) (speaks Spanish) I need to get pictures of you and Tony for IDs. What? I think I'll be able to get us papers, like from a lawyer, a real lawyer, new names, everything. We need to get out of here. What are you talking about? I thought you said that everything was okay? Everything is not okay. I'm getting way too involved with Camila. I watched a man get murdered last night. Trust me. We need to disappear. (tense music) Please. I'm just getting settled. I'm trying to make some... Brenda, I don't have much time. Okay? (murmurs indistinctly) ♪ ♪ Give me the money. But I have to... Just give me the money. This is what I have, but I can get more, okay? Okay, I need the pictures. Sí. Promise? Sí, cabrona. Okay. (both speaking Spanish) And send those idiots in, por favor. Don't worry. I'll pay you back. Just keep cutting it. ♪ ♪ (Latin hip-hop music) ♪ ♪ (phone beeps) (phone ringing, phone beeps) James : I'm five minutes away. Let me know when you have the shipment. (phone ringing) (phone beeps) Bueno. Our business is in a white semi, Mexican plates. Should be ahead about a mile. (dramatic music) sh1t. Cops. Looks like our load got busted. sh1t. ♪ ♪ Come on. Let's go. ♪ ♪ (line ringing) ♪ ♪ (phone ringing) What we gonna do? Give me a second. ♪ ♪ Go home. ♪ ♪ (indistinct chatter) ♪ ♪ Okay, move. Let's go. Let's go. ♪ ♪ Damn it. (phone ringing) Epifanio? Epifanio : I just got the news. The shipment was busted. What the hell is going on up there? Do you know how much this costs me? Someone knew the truck was coming. Camila : They just knew. Of course they knew. They were waiting for it. Epifanio : I don't know. It wasn't on my side of the border. It was on your side. Find out what's happening. You know this is just insane. Epifanio : Maybe the universe is trying to tell you something, honey. When was the last time you did a purge to see if anyone is talking to the DEA? Epifanio : Maybe there's someone on your side that the DEA has reached. Is there anyone new up there? Because in my experience, as you know, when these things happen, there's always somebody behind it. Well, I just need to know when you're sending the next shipment. And when I say it's a dire situation, I'm not overstating; I need the coke now. You know I need to fix this. I'll poke around. I'll ask questions. And on your end, you should too. (chuckling) (dramatic music) ♪ ♪ James. James : What? Where's Teresa? The Charger Center to get medicine for Maya. Come. ♪ ♪ She's not back yet. You don't think, after what happened today, that's strange? ♪ ♪ (ominous music) ♪ ♪ (pills rattling) You're gonna be okay. (man speaking in Spanish) (phone ringing) (phone beeps) Isabella : Hi, Mommy. Isabella, it's so nice to hear your voice. Isabella : Are you okay? You sound worried. Camila : I'm just having problems at work. I'm fine. I'm glad you called. Did you get the handbag I sent you? I did. I love it. It's really nice. Well, I get it from Hermes directly. You know, the brown matches your eyes. Isabella : That's the thing about you, Mom. You always had taste; you just never had time. Isabella, you know it hurts me very much when you cut communication with me. You break my heart, you know? Camila : You're hearing that, and that's for a reason. I just want you to understand that a woman can be strong and successful and independent. You know, these things, you're gonna learn to appreciate as time goes by. Yeah, I get it. It just doesn't make it easier. You know, sometimes I think you hate Daddy more than you love me. Camila : That's not true. I love you much more than I hate him. (chuckles) (laughs) Camila : I'm gonna find my way back to you. It's not because I don't love you, okay? In this world, Isabella, you have to be strong. Camila : I'm strong. And I want you to be strong as well. I love you. I love you, bonita. I love you too. (speaking Spanish) (foreboding music) ♪ ♪ 
 
 Where were you? I went to get medicine for one of the girls. She's very sick. Why? Is something wrong? Got to tell you, we checked the odometer. You traveled more miles than that. I saw the doctor. Then I grabbed something to eat. (plastic scraping) What did you eat? Did you get a receipt? You did ask for one, right? You know you have to get receipts for everything. So let me see it. ♪ ♪ (paper rustling) ♪ ♪ You know, I think you have to be careful, because we let you move freely, because I trust you, because I know that you know that what I did for you, in regards to Epifanio, it was a hard thing for me to do, putting myself out there for you. I can see you need to learn to trust people. It's not an easy thing for you to do, is it? When you proved your loyalty by swallowing those drugs for me, I was honest when I told you you passed my test. Did I not tell you that? Mm-hmm. ♪ ♪ I'm allowing you to be part of our thing here, right? Putting a roof over your head, protecting you from my husband, and I just don't want to have to worry about you. Do I have to worry about you, Teresa? No. No. I think you can be successful here. You can reach goals. I have an eye for that. I have an eye for you. And I'm gonna tell you something else. If the DEA tries to get you to cooperate, just come to me and tell me, okay? Yeah. You can go now. ♪ ♪ Teresa, thank you for taking care of her. ♪ ♪ Do you believe her? I think she hides a lot of things, but the DEA isn't one of them. Well, someone is talking somewhere. Two shipments in one month... that just doesn't happen. How did you find out how much longer they're willing to wait for the delivery? How much time do we have? No one's returning calls. That's what happens when they think you're dry. Well, I am dry. I'm not saying that I have a solution, but I think I have something that can buy us some time. I know these guys in Miami. Usually they deal in liquor and cigarettes to Cuba. They've made a lot of money. They've got a boat, and they want to unload 25 keys. (chuckles) 25 keys. That's funny. 25 kilos wouldn't even take care of 1/4 of our people. What am I supposed to do with that? We choose some of our more vocal customers. We give them the 25. Then they're gonna start saying that she's got some product after all. It just buys us some more time. It won't have to come to that. I'm going to the Colombians to advance another shipment. I have a meeting with Jaime, head of their distribution. And that's that. (indistinct chatter) (light instrumental music playing) ♪ ♪ Buenas noches. Jaime. How was your flight? Uneventful. ♪ ♪ I just heard you lost another shipment. One Mexican and one ours... (chuckles) Without bad luck, you wouldn't have any luck at all. I don't know what's going on. Maybe the DEA is on me. Or maybe someone is not as loyal anymore. So, yes, I am in trouble. Yeah, well, you know what they say. There's nothing like a good crisis to find out what loyalty is all about. Hmm. But I'm losing respect. I can't afford that. That's our currency, you know that. So I need another chance. I need another shipment. I wish I had your confidence. I know you guys just delivered in Houston. I know you have some product in Amarillo as well. Maybe we can borrow from them until we replenish. You owe me $5 million. It's not our fault that you lost your shipment. Once those shipments get to America, they are your responsibility. Yeah, I understand. But I know that you know that I'm good for it. And let me just remind you that three months ago, before you got this post, I was dealing directly with Reynaldo. Camila, if you don't think that Reynaldo knew that you had a built-in cosigner, you're sorely mistaken. What do you mean? Your husband is Epifanio Vargas. All you have to do is tell him to give me my money, and this will all be done. And you can have yourself another shipment. Call. (inhaling) (sighs) I am vulnerable right now to the people I'm responsible to, when all you have to do is pick up the phone, call your husband, and get me my money. But you don't want to, unless he doesn't know about our dealings. (no audible dialogue) (dramatic music) ♪ ♪ I've handled this myself. It's me you've been dealing with, and it's me you're gonna continue to deal with. He has nothing to do with this. And I want to keep it that way. $5 million, nothing less. I'll get it. Three days. Or I'll call Epifiano myself. And whatever fate is doing to you, it's going to finish its job. Enjoy. Go to the place. Take the cash. All $5 million? That's our entire reserve. Everything, take it all. You know I'm gonna put every cent I have into this because I'm not gonna let it fall apart. I've lost too much of my life in this already. I want you to go with Teresa. Now take her with you. I don't know what's going on. Keep her close. ♪ ♪ We're here. ♪ ♪ This is Camila's bank? A cemetery? Dead bankers are the only bankers she trusts. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ (thunder rumbling) ♪ ♪ (metallic clanking) (stone scraping) (metallic clanging) ♪ ♪ Always save for a rainy day. ♪ ♪ What do we do with this money? You're gonna get it to Camila and get out of this mess. (engine revving) (dramatic music) Ah, sh1t. ♪ ♪ (engine revving) ♪ ♪ (tires squealing) Watch out! (grunts) Get down! (guns cock) (gunfire) (dramatic music) (man speaks indistinctly) (gunfire) (man shouts indistinctly) ♪ ♪ (gasps) (gunfire) (man shouts indistinctly) ♪ ♪ (grunts) (men shouting in foreign language) ♪ ♪ (gunfire) (gunshots) (engine revving) (gunshots) (groaning) (tires squealing) (gunshot) ♪ ♪ James : They got one of the bags, $2.5 million gone. Who are they? ♪ ♪ Damn, this one's dead. Teresa : I recognize that tattoo. He's one of Eric's men. Let's get out of here. (sirens wailing faintly) James : Let's go. Let's go. ♪ ♪ I'm telling you it was Eric. You sure it was him? I'm positive. I saw the tattoo at his party, on his bodyguard. This is an act of war. You need to call Epifanio and tell him what happened. You know I can't do that, right? If he finds out I was trying to buy coke from the Colombians, we'd be at war with him too. James : We're still $2.5 million short. So what do you want to do, Camila? (line ringing) Kim (over phone) : Teo Aljafare's office. This is Camila Vargas. Is he in? (knock at door) Camila Vargas is on the line. But Mr. Hodgekins needs a minute, said it was important. Take a message. Teo, how are you? Hey, hey, Sam. Yeah, Kim told me you were stopping by. Everything okay? Yeah, yeah, good to see you. Now, look, I'm not gonna tell you what to do. You're a partner here, but you've been billing a lot of hours to Camila Vargas. Yeah, no, no, I... it's under control. Well, I got to be honest with you. The reason we're having this conversation is the Jameson account. They want someone else to handle their account, not you. Not just Jameson. Also Hughes. Why? Everyone knows who Camila Vargas is, and they've heard you're representing her. What we're doing together is 100% legal. I mean, you told me that, right? Yeah, yeah, but in their minds, where there's smoke, there's fire. And it's just not the kind of realm they want to be in. Uh, look, I'm gonna put Jameson and Hughes with Arnold for a while. No, Sam, I... I brought in Jameson and Hughes, not Arnold. I know. I know. Look. Don't worry about it. Let it happen. They'll realize after a while how great you are, and they'll want to get back to you. We have to give our clients what they want. So, uh, some advice. You've got some great blue-chip clients. Bill them. Earn your money the old-fashioned way, and forget Camila Vargas. Ah, she's, uh... too much of an important client to me, Sam. I mean, do you know how much money she's worth? (sighs) Like I said, Teo, I'm not gonna tell you what to do. You're the one that's dealing with her. You're just gonna have to weigh it out. Hear me? Okay. Okay, buddy. (knocks on desk) Take care. Okay. (tense music) ♪ ♪ (phone ringing) Gracias. (ringing continues) ♪ ♪ Hello. Eric : Hey. It's Birdman. Epifanio : How did it go? Good. Eric : We got $2 1/2 million from her. But we killed one of her men. Did we go too far? No. Keep going. (phone beeps) (hip-hop music playing) You like this color? ♪ ♪ (speaking Spanish) What happened to you? Yeah, a lot of customers you didn't think would notice we stepped on the coke, yeah, they noticed. Ow! I'm sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry. Get me some ice from the fridge. ♪ ♪ Pendejo, get me some ice from the fridge. Argh, man, I lost count again. Man, damn. (speaking Spanish) (sighs and groans) Okay, what do you got? (grunts) Here. Oh, my... (speaks Spanish) These are all ones. Man, we're lucky we even got paid anything. Baby lax alone costs more, man. We can't keep selling cocaine. It's just not addicting enough. (man rapping in Spanish) What about crystal meth? What? How are you gonna make that? I don't know, but if those toothless gringos can figure it out, you can figure it out. We have to diversify, Ricardo; it's our future. (pensive music) ♪ ♪ (phone ringing) It's late. Camila : What are you doing up? I was thinking about our lives. Camila : Have you been drinking? All the great times we had, all the laughs... (chuckles) The s*x. (chuckles) You are drunk. Remember that time in Mexico City, when we were kids, and I bought you that flower? And you told me I was the greatest man you'd ever met. What do you think it would take for you to say that to me again? (sighs) ♪ ♪ You are a sensational woman and a mother. Thank you. I appreciate that. Epi. Yes? Nothing. Good night. Good night. ♪ ♪ (phone beeps) ♪ ♪ (dramatic music) ♪ ♪ The Queen : Congratulations. You made it through another day. The Queen : Something tells me time won't be on your side much longer. (somber music) ♪ ♪ (speaks Spanish) (speaking Spanish) De nada. (man speaking in Spanish) ♪ ♪ (sighs) ♪ ♪ James. Those people in Florida, you say they have 25 kilos to sell? I think we should cut a deal. (dramatic music) How? ♪ ♪ We're not gonna pay for it. We're gonna steal it. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 